CHAT I

hat befel the Renown'd Don Quixote
in the Sierra Morena ; being one of the
rarest Adventures in this most Authentic
History.

z ON Ou:xote finding bimself so ungratefully
requited, Sancho, said he to his Squire, I

we often heard it said, save a Thief trom the
allows, and he'll be the. firit shall hang you.
Had I given ear to thy advice, I had been excus'd
this Misfortune. But since the thing is done, 'tis
needless to repine. This shall be a warning to me
for the future : That is, quoth Sancho, when the
Devil's blind. But since you say you had scap'd
this Mischief had you believ'd me, good Sir, believe
me now and you'll scapea greater; for I must
tell you, that those of the Holy Brotherhood don't
stand in awe of your Chivalry, nor” do--they
care a straw for all the Knights-Errant in the
world. Methinks I have 'em at my heels already,
and their rusty Weapons about my Ears. Thon
art naturally a Coward, Sancho, cry'd Do: Ouixote.,
nevertheless that thou mayst-not say 1 am
obstinate, and never follow thy advice, I will take
thy Counsel, and for once convey my self. out of
the reach of this dreadful Brotherhood that so
strangely alarms thee ; but-upon this condition,
that thou never tell to any mortal Creature neithes
while 1 live, nor _ my death, that I with-

: 1 drew

ly stay here, tho unattended and alone, and e&

the seven acchabees, Castor and Pollix, and al

© comeTll help yon, and then follow me ; for mh

drew my {elf out of this Danger thro fear, by desi
merely to comply with thy Intreaties : For send
thou ever presame to say otherwise, thou wilt and
lye me; and from this time to that time, anfmof
from that time to the World's end, I give theÞnese
the Lie, and thou liest, and shalt lie in thy ThroeffBrot
as often as thou say'st, or but think'st to the cop#this
trary. Therefore do not offer to reply ; frfhad
{houd'{t thou but surmise that I wou'd avoid alas:
danger, and especially this which seems to gir
some occasion or colour for fear, I wou'd certais

pect and face not only the Holy Brotherhod
which thou dread'st so much, but also the Fr:
ternity, or twelve Heads of the Tribes of 1sralffens l;

the Brothers and Brotherhoods in the Univerkssy
An't please your Worship, quoth $:2cho, to with
draw is not to run away, and to stay 1s no witsshot 1
ation when there's more reason to fear thant
hope z ods bores, 'tis the part of a wise Man t
keep himself to day for to morrow, and not ve
ture all his Eggs in one Basket : And for all Infsput i:
but a Clown or a Bumpkin as you may say, yessery
I'd have you to know, I know what's what, and
have always taken care of the main Chance;
therefore don't be asham'd of being rul'd by meFenta!
but &en get you o' Horse-back, an you're ableWeep :

mind plaguily misgives me, that now one pair
Heels will stand us in more stead than two pair art |
Hands. |

Don Quixote without any Reply made shift
mount Kozinante, and Sancho on his Ais led I
way to the neighbouring mountainous Desert alloy p,

Sierra Morena, Which the crafty Squire has Ited a

G byt

ted away his darling _— and made sue

design to cross over, and get out atthe farthelt

Send, either at Y:so, or Almadovar del Campo,

and in the mean time to lurk in the craggy and almost
inacceilible Retreats of that vait Wilderness,
for fear of falling into the hands of the Holy
Brotherhood. He was the more eager to steec
this Course, finding that the Provision which he
had laid on his Ass had escap'd plundering, which
was a kind of a Miracle, considering how narrowly
the Gally-slaves had search'd every where for
Booty. 'Twas night before our *two Travellers
got tor the middle and most defart part of the
Mountain, where Sancho advis'd his Master to
stay some days, at least as long as their Provistns
lasted ; and accordingly that night they took
p their Lodging between two Rocks among a

t&Bvreat number of Cork-trees. But. fatal Fortune,

hich, according to the opinion of those that have
not the Light of Faith, guides, appoints, and
ontrives all things as it pleases, directed Gizes
de Passamonte (that Master-Rogue, who, thanks
de to Don OQuixot's Force and Folly, bad been
ut in a condition to do him a Mischief) to this

ery part of the Mountain, in order to hide himself
Will the Heat of the Pursuit, which he had just
Fause to fear, were over. He discover d our Ad-
Wenturers mach about the time that they fell a-

& ; and as wicked Men are always ungratetul,
nd urgent neceslity prompts many to do things

St the very thoughts of which they perhaps wouid
tart at other times, Gizes who was a stranger

doth to Gratitude and Humanity, resolv'd to ridz
Way With Sacho's Ass; for as for Rozinante h>

WFok'd upon him as a thing that would neither fell

rpawn : so while poor Sancho lay snoaring;he fpth
haste
1 2 — that

that before day he thought himself and his Prix
secure from the —__ owner's pursuit,
Now Aurora with her smiling Face return'd taKt
inliven and cheer thz Earth, but alas to grief
and affright Szncho with a dismal Discovery : F«
he no sooner open'd his Eyes but he miss'd his Ak
and finding himself depriv'd of that dear Partne
of\his. Fortunes, and best Comfort in his Percgi
nations, he broke out into the most pitiful and
sad Lamentations in the World, insomuch tha
he wak'd Don Quixote with his moans. O dex
Child of my Bowels, cry'd he, born and bref
under my roof, my Childrens Play-fellow ! Th
Comfort of my Wife, they. of my Nei
bours, the Ease of my Birdens,..the Staif of mf
Life, and in a word his my Maintenance ; so
with {ix and twenty /Marvedss which were daily

earn'd by thee, I made shift to keep half my F
milvy. Don Ouixote, who easily guest the Caul
of these Complaints, steSve-to-comfort him with
kind condoling Words, and learned Difcourk
upon the uncertainty of haman Happiness. Bunn
nothing prov'd {o effeftual to assuage his sorron
as the prom hich his Master made him «

drawing a Bill 6FExchange on his Niece for threfsÞ*"y
Afﬀes out of five which he had at home, payabk
to Sancho Pancha or his Order ; which prevailingÞ 1
Argument soon dry'd up his Tears, hush'd bye
Sighs and Moans, and turn'd his Complaints nf
to thanks to his generous Master for so unexpet
ed a Favour. |
And now as they wandred further in thelqF
Mountains, Don Ouixote was transported wil
joy, to find himself where he might flatter he
Ambition with the hopes of fresh Adventures ta
signalize his Valour ; for these vast Delarts mad

4 Tt } Þ

im call to mind the wonderful Ex loits of other
jphts-Errant perform'd in such Solitudes, Fill'd

with those airy Notions, he thought on nothing

ise ; But Sancho was for more subitantial Food ;
nd now thinking himself quite out of the reach of
Sh: holy Brotherhoods pursuit, his only care was
Mo fill his Belly with the Relicks of the Clerical
booty, which Rozinante was now forc'd to carry ;
ind so trudging on after his Master, he lily
ook out, nov one piece of Meat, then another,
nd kept his Grinders going faster than his Feet :
hus plodding on, he wou'd not have given a
Rush to have met with any other Adventure.
While he was thus employ'd, he observ'd that
Wis Master endeavour'd to take up something that
zy on the ground with the end of his Lance ; this
nade him run to help him to 1:!t up the Pundle,
rhich proved to be a Portinantcau, and the Seat

hf 2 Saddle, that were half, or rather quite, rot-

Fd with lying expos'd to the Weather. The Portuanteau
was somewhat heavy z and Don Quixote
aving order'd Sancho to see what it contain'd,
Wo it was shut with a Chain and a Padlock, he
Willy saw what was in it thro the Cracks, and

yabePull'd out four fine Holland Shirts, and other clean

Wd fashionable Linen, besides a considerable
Wantity of Gold ty'd up in a Hankerchief: Bless
ny Eye-light, quoth Sancho, and now Heav'n I
thee for sending us a lucky Adventure once

our Lives, With that, groping further in the

{Fortmanteau, he found a Table-Book richly bound :
hive me this, said Dor Quixote, and do thou
pp the Gold. Heaven reward your Worship,
Woth Sarcho, kisling his Master's hand, and at

Fe ame time clapping up the Linnen and the
ioÞer Things into the Bag where he kept the
M03 _ Victuals.

Victuals. I fancy, said Don Quixote, that son
Person having, Jost his way i these Mountains hx
been met by Robbers, who have murder'd him ard
buried his Body somewhere hereabouts. Sur:
avg Worship's mistaken, ans{wer'd Sanch ; fu
ad they been Highway-men, they wou'd net
have left such a Booty behind %em. T hou'rt ©
the right, reply'd Don Quixote ;, and therefore]
cannot imagin what it must be. But slay, I wi
eXamin the Table-Book, perhaps we shall sin
something written im it that will help us to discowr
what I wou'd know. With that he open'd it, and
the first thing he found was the following ron
draught of a Sozrct, fairly enough written to
read with ease. So he read it aloud, that Sm
c0 might know what it was as well as him{lf,

TY RESET E.
A Sonnet.

Love's God sure never knows our Pain,
Or Cruelty's his darling Attribute :

Else he'd ner force me to complain,
And to his Spight my raging Pains ini e.

But sure if Love's a God, he mie
Have knowledg equal to his Pow'r ;

And 'tis a Crime to think a God unjust.
Wherce then the Pains that now my Heart devant!

From Phillis ? No : Why do I pause ?
Such cruel Ills ne'r boast so sweet a Cause. |
Nor from the Gods such Torments do we "_

of the Renowa'd Don Quixote. 247

Let Death then quickly be my Cure 5
When thus we Ills unknown endure,

Tis stortest to despair.
Y- The De'il of any thing can be pic'kd out of

this, quoth $zcho, unless you can tell who that
fame Phill is. I did not read Phz!, but Phillis,
said Don Cuixote, O then mayhap the Man has
so ost his Philiy-foa!. Phillis, said Don Quixote, is
the Name of a Lady that's belov'd by the Author
of this Sonnet, who truly {cems to be a pretty
ono 8 good Poet, or I've but little Judgment. Why

þ then, quoth Sancho, belike your Worship under-
Saf stands, how to make Yarses too ? That I do, anf
Wfrerd Don Quixote, and better than thou ima-
Wginfi, as thou shalt see when I shall give thee a
Late: written all in Verse, to carry to my Lady
Dulcinea del Tobeso : For I must tell thee, Friend
Szxcho, all the Knights-Errant, or at Jzaft the
preatesk part of *em, m former times were great
Poets, and as great Musicians ; those two Qualihcations,
or to speak better, those two Gifts or
Accomplishments being almost inseparable from
amorous Adventurers: Tho I must confess, the
Verses of the Knights in former Ages are not altogether
so polite, nor so adorn'd with Words,
4 with Thoughts and Invention.

Pocket-Book, mayhap you'll find somewhat that
ml inform you of what you wou'd krow. With
t Don Quixote turning over-leaf, There's
ome Prose, Gy'd he, and I think 'tis the sketch
oa Love-Letter. O good your Worship, quoth
Saxcho, read it out by all means; for I mightily

bear Glight in hearing of Love-Stories, |
It on M 4 Don

your!

Good Sir, quoth Sancho, look again in the *+-

5 Et SOTO $65 ys;
dns: > 3
On 6 DB

Don Quixote read it aloud, and found whafffthe |
follows. was

2.0 E Falshood of your Promises, and my De Ylcave
pair, hurry me from you for ever , and yusror ;
Shall jooner hear the News of my Death, than thWhe h:
Cause of my Complaints. You have forsaken mad
ungrateful Fair, for one more wealthy indeed, bu W him '
0t more deserving than your abandon'd Slaw end,
I/ere Virtue a Treasure esteemed equal to its worth @ than
by your untninking Sex, I must presuine to say Icou'c
should have no reason to envy the Wealth of other, Bf ket ;
and. no Misfortune to bewail, What your Beauty Þ Bali
had raisd, your Infidelity has destroy'd. The fit Bl leav
made me mistake you for an Angel, but the last halo
convinc'd me you'r a very Womin, However, 0 his «
100 lovely d:feurber of my Peace, may uninterrupted ff Fatis
Rest and domny Ease engross your happy Hours, and Servi
anay forgiving Heaven still keep your Husband\Yxofu
Perfidionusness conceal d, left it should cause your t-Bwho
penting Heart a Sigh, for the Tnjuftice you hawtfby t|
Aone to so faithful a Lover: and (o I should that
prompted to a Revenge, which I av not desire tWdain
take, Farewel. d:ipa
thous
rast
grave

that 1

This Letter, said Don Quixote, does not giie
us any further insight into the Things we would
know; all I can infer from it is, that the Person
that wrote it was a betray'd Lover. And so turning
over the remaining Leaves, he found several other
Letters and Verses,some of which were legible,and infal]
some lo scribbled that he could not well peruse em. Ar
As for those he read, he cou'd meet with nothing lþy'g
in 'em, but Accusations, Complaints and Exp*h
siulations, Dittrusts and Jealousies, Pleasures and at
Discontents, Favours and Disdain, And war foam!

of the Renown?d Don Quixote, 249

whitthe Knight was poring in the Table-Book, Sancho

was romaging the Portmanteau, and the Seat of
the Saddle, with that exaQtnels that he did not
kave a Corner unsearch'd, nor a Seam unript,
ror a finglz Lock of Wool unpickt ; for the Gold
he had found, which was above a hundred Ducats,
mMhad but whetted his greedy Appetite, and made
bu him wild for more. Yet tho this was all he cou'd
law. © fnd, he thought himself well paid for the more
worth than Herculean T.abours he had undergone : nor
say Icon'd he now repine at his being toss'd in a Blanhers,
ket the {iraining and gripiug Operation of the
2auty © Baliam ; the Benedi&ions of the Packstaves and
fol Þf Leavers; the Fisticuffs of the lewd Carrier; the
t bs Loss of his dear Wallet, of his Cloke, and of
r, 0Fhis dearer Ass; and ail the Hunger, Thirst, and

ured MW Fatiguz which he bad suffer'd tm his kind Master's

and Service. On the other side, the Knight of the
and! rofal Countenance strangely defir's to know
7 1t-F who was the Owner of the Portmanteau, guesling
by the Verses, the Letter, the Linen and the Gold,
d be that he was a Person of Worth, whom the Ditre
WEdain and Infidelity of his Mistress had driven to
c:ipair. At length however he gave over the
tioughts of it, discovering, no Pody thro that
lt Desart; and so he rode on, wholly guided
ly Rexinante's Direttion, which always made the
grave sagacions Creature chuse the plainest
FRimoothest Way ; the Master Kill firmly believing
that in those woody uncultivated Fields, he skou'd
wfallibly start some wonderful Adventure,

py'd, upon the top of a stony Crag, jult before
a Man that skip'd from Rock to Rock, over

And indeed. while these hopes possess'd him, he

s and Bryars and Bujhes, with wonderful agility ; be
i ten'd tv him naked from the Waste: upwards,' 8

on WEIS == In 7 oY n= 2

with a thick black Beard, his Hair long and
strangely tangled, his Head, Legs and Feet bare;
on his Hips a pair of Breeches, that seem'd to he
of sad-colour'd Velvet, but so tatter'd and ton} *!
that they discover'd his Skin in many place

T hefe Particulars were observ'd by Don Ouix. #
cre while he past by; and he follow'd hin, #
indeavouring to overtake him, for he presentl; |} ®
guess'd this was the Owner of the Portmanteau, =

Eut Rozinante, who was naturally slow and Peg:
matic, was in tov weak a case besides to run Rz Oi
ces with so swift an Apparition : Yet the Knight h
of the woful Countenance resolv'd to find out that ey
unhappy Creature, tho he were to bestoiv a whole | *
year in the search. . And to that intent he order G*
Sancho to beat one side of the Mountain while h: p
hunted on the other. In good footh, quoth Sa *'*
cho, your Worlhip must excuse me as to that} &%
for if I but offer to stir an inch from you, I'ma-fÞ 5

most frighted out of my seven Senses : and let th =
serve you hereafter for a warning, that yass

mayn't send me a Nail's breadth from your pre
sence, Well, said the Knight, I will take thy th

Case into consideration : and it does not displeak &
me, Sancho, to see thee thus rely upon my Ves +

four ; which, I dare assure thee, shall never falfs ©
thee, tho thy very Soul were scar'd out of thy Bo Bri
dy. Follow me therefore step by step, with # Bea
much haste as is consistent with good speed, And ., -
let thy Eyes pry evry where, while we scard :
every part of this Rock, where 'tis probable wY 1
may meet with that wretched Mortal, who doubt

ess is the owner of the Portmanteau, nd
Odinigs, Sir, quoth Sancho, I had rather gt _

out of his way ; for shon'd we chance to -mett
him, and he layclaim to the Portmanteau, kb

j of the Renown*d Don Quixote. 251 |

plain Case I shall be forc'd to: part with the Money

and therefore I think 'tis much better, withont-making
so much ado, to let me keep it bony side,
till we can light on the right Owner some mere
caly way, and without dancing after him, which
mayhap mayn't happen till we have spent all the
Mony, and in that Case I'm free from the Law,
and he may £o whistle for't. Thou art mittaken,
Sancho, cry'd Don Qz1ixote; for, seeing we have
some reason to think that we know who is the
Owner, we are bound in Conscience to endeavour
to find him out, and restore it to him; the rather
because, ihou'd we not now strive to meet
him, yet the strong presumption we have that the
Goods belong to him, wou'd make us possefors of
em mala side, and rnake us as guilty, as if the
Party whom we suspe&t to haye lost the Things
were really the right Owner. Therefore, Friend
Sancho, do not think much of searching for him,
since if we find him out *twill extremely ease my
mind, With that he spurr'd Rozimante; and Sarcho,
not very well pleas'd, follow'd him, comforting
himself however with the hopes of the
three Aﬀes which his Master had promised.him,
So when they had rode over the greatest part of
the Mountain, they came to a Brook where they
found a Mule lying dead, with her Saddle and
Bridle about her, and her self half devour'd by
Beasts ana Birds of Prey : Which Discovery further
confirm'd *em in their suspicion, that the Man
who fled so nimbly from 'em was the Owner of
the Mule and Portmanteau. Now as they paus'd
and ponder'd upon this, they heard a whistling
like that of some Shepherd keeping, his Flocks;

and presently after, upon their left hand, they - Þ} |

$y'd a great number of Goats, with an old
Jap Herds-

Herdfman after 'em on the top of the Mountain,
Don Quixote call'd ont to him, and dfir'd him
to come down : But the Goatherd inltead of answering
him, askK'd 'em in as loud a Tone, how
they came thither into those Desarts, where scarce
any living Creatures resorted except Goats,
Wolves, and other wild Beasts? S4cho told him
they would satisfy him as to that point, if he
wou'd come where they were. With that the
Goatherd came down to 'em ;, and sceing them
look apon the dead Mule, That Mule, {aid the
old Fellow, has lain in that very place this fix
months. But pray tell me, gocd People, have
you not met the Master on't by the way ? We
ave met no Body, answer'd Don Oy: xote ; but.
we found a Portmanteau, and a Saddle-Culhion
not far from this place. I have seen it too, quoth
the Goatherd, but I never durst meddle with it,
nor so much as come anear it, for fear of some
Misdemeanor, lest I shou'd be charg'd with hayin?
stolen somewhat out of it. For who knows
what might happen? the Devil is subtle, and
sometimes 1ays Baits in our way to tempt us, or
Blocks to make us stumble. ?*Tis just so with me,
Gaffer, quoth Sancho, for I {aw the Portmanteau
too, d'ye* see; but the Devil a bit wou'd I come
within a one's throw of it. No, there I found it
and there I left it e faith. It shall een lie there still
for me : He that keeps another man's Dog, shall
have nothing left him but the siring : and I'll be
none of those that shall hang the Bell about the
Cat's Neck. Tell me, hone{t Friend, ask'd Dot
Ouixote, dost thou know who is the owner of
those things ? All I know of the matter, answerd
the Goatherd, is that 'tis now some f1x Tnont
little more or ksfs, since to a certain Sheepfolh

of the Renown'd Non Quixote. 25 -

some three Leagues off, there came a young wellfeatur'd
proper Gentleman in good Clothes, and
under him this same Mule that now lies dead here,
with the Cuthion and Cloke-bag which you say
you met, but touch'd not. He ask'd us which
was the most defart and least frequented part cf
these Mountains; and we told him, This where

he ÞÞ we are now: And in that we spoke the plain
he Þ Truth; for shou'd you venture to go but half a
2m | League further, you wou'd hardly be able to get
he ÞÞ back again in haste; and I marvel how you cou'd

get even thus far, for there's neither Kigh-way nor
Foot-path that may dire&t a Man this way. Now
as soon as the young Gentleman had heard onr
Answer, he turn'd about his Mule, and made tv
the place we show'd him, leaving us all with a
hugeous liking of his Comeliness, anc strangely
marvelling at his Demand, and at the haste he
made towards the middle of the Mountain. Afﬀeer
that we heard no more of him in a good while,
till one day by chance one of the Shepherds comand

ng by, he fell upon him without saying why or
or I Wherefore, and beat him well-favour'dly : After
me, || that he went to the Ass that carried our Victuals,
eau | and taking away all the Bread and Cheese that

was there, he tripp'd back again to the Mountain
with wondrous speed. Hearing this, a good numder
of us together resolv'd to tind him out ; and

hall } when we had spent the best part of two days in
1 be I] the thickest of the Forest, we found him at last
the JÞ larking in the hollow of a huge Cork-Tree, from
Dan Þf whence he came forth to meet us as mild as cou'd
r of be. But then he was so alter'd, his Face was so
rer'd I} disfigur'd, wan, and Sun burnt, that had it not

n for his Attire, which we made shift to know
22ain, tho 'twas all in Rags and Tatters, we cou'd

——_— £ — rear ootrmdrengo any — cent ona
$4.36 Aras XIE gary
Y pe” ” OI Tn &

I pe es ore.

Ie on : roo —
RECESS

ST. The Life and Atchievements

not ha' thought it had been the same Man. He sz
luted us courteously, and told us in few words,
mighty handfomly put together, that we were
not to marvel to see him in that manner, for that
it behov'd him so to do, that he might folfil x
certain Penance injoyn'd him for the great Sins he
had committed. We pray'd him to tell us who
he was, but he wou'd by no means do it. We

likewise desir'd him to let us know where we h
might find him, that whenfoever he wanted Vic | ,,
tuals we might bring him some, which we told |

im we wou'd be sure to do, for otherwise he Þ
wou'd be starv'd in that barren place z requelting | ,
him that if he did not like of that Motion ne- | yp
ther, he wou'd at leasiwise come and ask. us for Y
what he wanted, and not take it by force as hel þ,
had done. He thank d us heartily for our Offer, Þ | 4;
and begg'd pardon for that Injury, and promisd | m;
to ask errand as an Alms, without setting | he
upon any one. As for his place of abode, | *%5
told us he had none certain, but where-ever night Þ he
caught him, there he lay. And he ended bis Di | «4,
course with such bitter Moans, that we must have. q ,
had hearts of Flint had we not had a fecling « Þ the
em, and kept him company therein ; chiefly cor | jg,
fidering we beheld him so firangely alter'd fxm Þ the
what we had seen him bcfore : for as I said, lk Þ 4,
was a very fine comely young Man, and by hs ang
Speech and Behaviour we cou'd guels him tobeÞ 1.4;
well born, and a Cuurt-like fort of a Body, Now Þ þjg
as he was talking to us, he stop'd of a sudden 3} wh,
if he had been struck dumb, fixing his Eyes ste&Þ the
fasily on the ground ; whereat we all stood ina of |
maze. After he had thus star'd a good while, Ke g1e;
shut his Eyes, then open'd 'em again, bit his LP, Dy,

knit his Brows, clutch'd his Fists; and then —

of the Renoww'd Don Quixote. 255 _ |

from the ground, whereon he had thrown himself
a little before, he flew at the May that stood
next to him with {ach a fury, that if-we had not
pull'd him off by main force, he wou'd have bit
and thump'd him to death. And all the while he
cry'd out; As, Traitor, Ferdinand, here, here thou
shalt pay for the Wrong thou hast done me 1, I must
rip uþ that false Heart of thine ;, and a deal more
he added, all in the dispraise of that same Ferd:-
nand, Afﬀter that he flung from us without saying
a word, leaping over the Bushes and Brambles at
such a strange rate, that 'twas imposlible for us to
come at him.- From which we gather'd that his
Madness comes on him by fits, and that some one
call'd Ferdinand had done him an ill Turn, that
had brought the poor young Man to this pass.
And this has been confirm'd since that many and
many times ; for when he's in his right Senses,
he'l come and beg for Vicuals, and thank us for
em with Tears: But when he's in his mad Fit
hel beat us tho we proffer him Meat civilly. And
to tell you the Truth, Sirs, added the Goatherd,
Tand four others, of whom two are my Men, and
the other two my Friends, yesterday agreed to
look for him till we (ould find him ous, and either
by fair, means or by force, to carry him to
Amodovar Town, that's but eight Leagues off;
and there we'll have him cur'd if poslible, or at
lealt we shall learn what he is when he comes to
his Wits, and whether he has any Friends to
whom he may be sent back. Thisis all I know of
the Matter, and I dare assure you that the owner
of those things which you saw in the way, is the
klfame Body that went so nimbly by you ; for
Don Quixote had by this time acquainted the Goatherd
with his having sen that Man skipping a-
mong the Rocks, ; The

CIO WM EE OT Bet Ay Peg

COAL eo.

PE OD I Da oe RE, Wn
SER app
Tron Wy at Ee IELS

t ors

The Knight was wonderfully concern'd when le
had heard the Goatherd's Story, and renew'd his

Resolution of -fanding out that distracted Wretch,
whatever Time and Pains it might cost him. Burt
Fortune was more propitious to his Desires than he
cou'd reasonably have expected ; for juit as they
were speaking they spy'd him right against the
place where they stood, coming towards 'em out
of the Cleft of a Rock, muttering somewhat to
himself which they cou'd not well have understood |
had they stood close by him, much less cou'd they
guess his meaning at that distance. His Apparel
was such as has already been said, only Don Q:ix-

EE ne,

——— er eeenn. ooo enum - RG

es ear eee eee in er rn SCOOT
4 a "Re, - be "4
- 2%" g . Fa...

ote observ'd, when he drew nearer, that he had |} so
is {' on a Shamoy Wastcoat torn in many places, which ma
| ;} yet the Knight knew to be perfum'd with Amber; | Sit
# | andby this, asallo by the rejt of his Clothes, and o | 0
& | + ther Conjectures, he judg'd him tobe a Man of some Ex
Quality. As soon as the unhappy Creature came | ©%
near 'em, he. saluted 'em very civilly, but with a oth
{! hoarse Voice. Dor Quixote return'd his Civil of
'} Tries, andalighting from Rozznante, he accoited tur
+ himina very graceful manner, and huzg'd him Ar,
+ close in his Arms, as if he had been one of his in- lre
timate Acquaintance. The other, vvhom we may dep
ventureto cail The ragged Knig/t of the Rock, as | Wt:
i}. vvell as Don Qu:xote, The Kniglt of the Woful the
Countenance, having, gor loose from that Embrace, of
ccu'd not forbear itepping back a little ; and lay: of
'? ing his hands on the Champion's Shoulders, he | w
/;- flood staring in his Face asif he had been striving Chas
\' 20 call to mind whether he had known him b:- | Or
fore; probably wondering as much to behold excl
Don Ouixote's Countenance, Armor and strange } l

Figure, as Don Quixote did to see his tatter'd Con- and

dition, But the firit that opened bis Mouth alt

of the Renoww'd Don Quixote. 2 57 oOIY

this Pause was the ragged Knight, as you slall
find by the sequel of the Story.

CHAT. A

The Adventure in the Sierra Morena
continued, |

T HE History relates that the Knight of the
Woful Countenance listen'd with great attention
to the disastrous Knight of the Rock, who
made him the following Complement. Truly,
Sir, whoever you be {for I have not the honuur
to know yeu) I'm much obliz'd to you for your }?
Expreslions of Civility and Friendthip ; and I 4F
cou'd with I were in a condition to convince you ;7 þ
otherwise than by words of the deep sense I have
of 'em : but my bad Fortune leaves nothing to re- 3%
turn for so many Favours tut unprofitable Wishes.
Sir, answer'd Don C1ixote, I've so hearty a de- FF
lire to serve you, that I was fully resolv'a not to 37;
depart from this Wilderness till I had found you þ
out, that I might know from your self, whether x
the Discontents that have urg'd you to make choice
of this unusual Course of Life might not admit
of a Remedy ; for if they do, assure your elf
I will leave no means untry'd, till I have purchasd
you that ease which I heartily wish you.
Or if your Dilasters are of that fatal kind that
excludes you for ever from the hopes of Comfort
or Relief, then will I mingle Sorrows with you,
and by sharing your load of Grief, help you to
bear the oppressing weight of Aﬀliction. For
bp Tis

58 The Life and Atebievewents

tis the only comfort of the Miserable to have
Partners in their Woes. If then good Intentions
may plead Merit, or a grateful Requital, let me
mtreat you Sir, by that generous Nature that
shoots thro the Gloom with which Adversity has
clouded your graceful Outside; nay let me cor:
jure you by the darling Object of your wishes,
to let me know who you are, and what strange
Misfortunes have urg'd you to withdraw frem the
Converle of your fellow Creatures, - to bury your
self alive in this horrid Solitude, where ycu li
ger out a wretched Being, a Stranger to Ease, to
all Mankind, and even to your very self. And]
solemnly swear, added Doz Quixote, by the Order
of Knighthood, of which 1 am an unworthy
Professor, that if you so far gratify my desires,

I will aftist you to the utmost of my ca_

either by rcmedying your Disaster, if *tis not pa
redress; or at least I will become your Partner
in {crrow, and i:rive to ease it by a Society in
sadness.

The Knight of the Rock hearing the Knight of
the Wosul Counterance talk at that rate, look'd
upon him stedfastly for a long time, and viewd
and review'd him from head to foot ; and when
he had gaz'd a great while upon him, Sir, cry'd
he, if you have any thing to eat, for Heavens
sake give it me, and when my Hunger is abated,
I shall be better able to comply with your Defir
which your great Civilities and undeserv'd Ot
fers oblige me to satisfy. Sancho and the Goatherd
hearing this, presently took out some Victuals,
the one out of his Bag, the other out of his
Scrip, and gave it to the Knight of ilie Rock to
allay his hunger : and immediately the famishd
Forester fell on with that greedy haste, = -

ave | seem'd rather to devour than feed, for he us'd no
ons Þ intermiflion between bit and bit, so greedily he
me || chop'd them up. When he had assuag'd his vorahat
Þ cious Appetite, he beckon'd to Don Quixote and
has Þ the rest to follow him ; and after he had brought
on- | 'em to a neighboring Meadow, he laid himself
es, Þ at his ease on the Grass, where the rest of the
ng: Company sitting down by him, neither he nor.
the Þ they having yet spoke a word since he fell to
our Þ} eating, he began in this manner.

lin Sir, said he, If you intend to be inform'd of
to | my Misfortunes, you mu{t promise me beforehand,
d I Þ not to cut off the thread of my doleful Narration
:- Þ with any Questions, or any other Interruption ;
thy © for in the very instant that any-of you do it, I
res, © shall leave off abruptly, and will not afterwards
ty, | go on with the Story, This Preamble put Dor
af Quixote in mind of Sancho's ridiculous TYale,:
ner | which by bis neglet in not telling the Goats,

was brought to an untim:ly Conclution. ] only
use this precaution, added the Knight of the ok,
because [ wou'd be quick in my Relation for the
very remembrance of my former Misfortunes

v'd Þf proves a new one to me, and yet I promise you
hen I} I'll endeavour to omit nothing that's material, that
yd If you may have as full an account of my Disasters as
ens | lam sensible you desire, Thereapon Don Quixote
ed, I for himself and the rest having promis'd him unin-
terrupted attention, he proceeded in this manner.
Ot- |} My Name is Cardenio, the place of my Birth

one of the best Cities in Andalazia, my Descent
noble, and my Parents wealthy. But my
Misfortunes are so great, that they are not to be

to Fremedy'd with Wealth, and have doubtless fild
dF my Relations with the deepest Sorrow. In the
be Flame Town dwelt the charming Lucinda, the most
md}. beautiful

of the Renown'd Don. Quixote. 259

oats BD EA
":4J Lo ings

IFN Hes;

OY SOOT... -

PRPELSTTD

TO IR CL II > AEST FIIL” PRI FTE:

OO ETIEEs
a” ie 2 | 0 nn |
DRY < Fel , a I _ "- - ii, ;

CEDIA gt

260 The Life at Atchievements

beautiful Creature that ever Nature fram'd,equal in
Descent and Fortune to my self, but more happ

and less constant. I lov'd, nay ador'd her almo

from her Infancy ; and from her tender vears she
blest me with as kind a Return as is sutable with
the innocent Freedom of that Age. Our Parents
were conscious of that early Friendship ; nor did
they oppose the growth of this inoffensive Paslton,
which they perceiv'd cou'd have no other Conse
quences than a happy Union of our Families by
Marriage 3 a thing which the equality of our
Births and Fortunes did indeed of it self almost
invite us to, Afterwards our Loves so grew up with
our Years, that Lucinda's Father either judging
our usual Familiarity prejudicial to his Daughter's
Honour, or for some other Reasons, sent to desire
me to discontinue my frequent visits to his
House, But this reitraint prov'd but like that
which was us'd by the Parents of that loving
Th1isbe so celebrated by the Poets, and but added
Flames to Flames, and Impatience to Desires. As
our Tongues were'now debarr'd their former Prr
vilege, we had recourse toour Pens, which afsum'd
the greater Freedom to disclose the most hidden
Secrets of our Hearts ; for the presence of the
belov'd Object often heightens a certain awe and
bastfulness that disorders, confounds, and firikes
dumb even the most paslionate Lover. How many
Letters have I writ to that lovely Charmer ! How
many soft moving Verses have I not address'd to
her! What kind yet honourable Returns have
Þ' - I not receiv'd from her ! the mutual Pledges of
'7 our secret Love, and the innocent Consolations0
a violent Paslion ! At length languishing a

wasting with Desire, deprivid of that revivin

Comfort of my Soul, I resolv'd to remove _

af of the Renowwd Don Quixote. 261

Bars with which her Father's Care and decent

Caution obstruted my only happiness, by demanding
her of him in Marriage. He very civilly
told me, that he thank'd me for the Honor I
did him, but that I had a Father alive, whose Consent
was to be obtain'd as well as his, and who
was the most proper Person to make such a Proposal.
Thereupon going to my Father with a desizn
to beg his Approbation and Aflistance, I
found him in his Chamber with a Letter open'd
in his hand, which, as soon as he saw me, he put
into my hand, before I con'd have time to acquaint
him with my Busmess, C:rdenio, said he,
you'll see by this Letter the extraordinary kindness
that Duke Ricarao has for you. I suppose I
need not tell you, Gentlemen, that this Dake
Ricardo is a Grandee of Spain, most of whose
Estate lies in the best part of Andaluzia, I read
the Letter, and found it contain'd so kind and advantageous
an Offer, that my Father cou'd not but
accept of it with thankfulness : For the Duke entreated
him to send me to him with all speed, that
might be the Companion of his eldest Son, promiling
withal to advance me to a Post ans{werable
to the good Opinion he had of me. This unexpected
News {truck me dumb ; but my Surprize
and Disappointment were much greater, when I
heard my Father say to me, Cardemo, you must
get ready to be gone in two days 5 in the
mean time give Heaven thanks for: opening you
a way to that Preferment, which I am sensible
you deserve. After this he gave me several wise Admonitions
both as a Father and a Man of bulinels,
and then he left me, The Day fix'd for my Journy
quickly came however the night that preceded
It, I spoke to Lucinda at her Window, and =_

her what had happzn'd. I also gave her Father z
visit, and inform'd him of it too; beseechy
him to preserve his 200d Opinion of me, and de. Ibrac
fer the bestowing of his Daughter till I had bee Þthou
with Duke Ricardo, which he kindly promis'd me: Jtitud
and then Lucind:1 and I after an exchange «f Sunsui
Vows and Proteitations of eternal Fidelity, took Ffach
our leaves of one another, with all the Grief but
which two tender and paslionate Lovers can feel Þ Choi
at a separation. | |

I left the Town, and went to wait upon the tenti
Duke, who receivd and entertain'd me with Bnot t
that extraordinary” Kindness and Civility that BRefo
soon raisd the envy of his greatest Favorites be k
But he that most endearingly caress'd me, wa rant,
Don Ferdinand, the Duke's second Son, a young, Fupon
airy, handfom, gencrous Gentleman, and of assboth,
very amorous Disposition ; he seem'd to be over-fsbetra
joyd at my coming, and in a most obliging faffuri
manner told me he wou'd have me be one of hufsto bir
most intimate Friends. In short, he {o really con
vincd me of his Aﬀecion, that tio his elder
Brother gave me many Testimonies of Love and
Esteem, yet cou'd I easily diftingwith betwens
their:Favors. Now. as 'tis common for Boson-
Friends to keep nothing secret from each other,
Don Ferdinand relying as much on my Fidelity, Þs
as I had reason to depend on his, reveal'd tomeF
his most private theughts, and among the rest hi
being in love with the Daughter of a very ria
Farmer who was his Father's Vassal. The Beat
ty of that lovely Country Maid, her Virtue, ttt i
Discretion, and the other Graces of ber Mind F,
gain'd her the admiration of all those who ap
roach'd her ; and those uncommon Enclowmentsg
ad so charm'd the Soul of Do# ——_— y ly jt
| 1nding

deen

over
ig1ng
Y Coll
elder

e and
eween
ofom
other,
1elity,
rich
Beat
Mind,
1 ments
rlufÞsich we call Love in young People is too of-

111ding

of the Rexown'd Don Quixote. 263

finding it absolutely impossible to corrupt her
Chastity, since she wou'd not yield to his Embraces
as a Mistriss, he resolvy'd to marry her. I
thought my self oblig'd by all the Ties of Gratitade
and Friend{hip, to dissuade him from (6
mnsutable a Match ; and therefore I made use of
fach Arguments as might have diverted any one
but so confirm'd a Lover from such an unequal
Choice. At lost finding 'em all ineffeRual, I resolv'd
to inform the Duke his Father with his Intentions:
But Don Ferdinand was too clear-sighted
not to read my Design in my great Dislike of his
Resolutions, and dreading such a Discovery, which
he knew my Duty to his Father might well warrant,
in spight of our Intimacy, since I look'd
upon such a Marriage as highty prejudicial to '*em
both, he made it his Business to hinder me from
betraying his Passion to his Father's Knowledg,
afuring me there wou'd be no need to reveal it
to him. To blind me effectually, he told me he
was willing to try the power of Absence, that
common Cure of Love, thus to wear out and lose
is unhappy Paslion ; and that in order to this,
ie wou'd take a Journey with me to my Father's
house, pretending to buy Horses in our Fown,
Where the best in the world are bred. No tooner
ad T heard this plausible Proposal, but I approv'd
It, fray'd by the Interest of my own Love, that
made me fond of an opportunity to see my absent
Lacinda, 1] have heard since that Don Ferdinand

Husband, and that he only waited an opportuity
to discover it with safety, being afraid of
feurring his Father's Indignation. But as that

ad then already been blest by his Mistriss with,
ll that boundless Love allows, in the quality of

ten only an irregular Paslion and boiling o_— that

that has no other Obje& than sensual Pleasure, a

vanishes with Enioyment, while real Love fixi

it {{f on the Perfetions of the Mind is i
improving and permanent ; as soon as Don Ferdinand
had reap'd the Fruits of his Desires, his
strong Aﬀection [iacken'd, and his hot Love grey
cold : So that if at first his proposing to try the
power of Absence, was only a Pretence that he
might possess his wishes, there was nothing now

which he more heartily coveted, that he might

avoid their former Objet, Ard therefore baving
obtain'd the Duke's leave, away we posted to my
Father's House, where Dou Ferdinand was entertain'd
according to his Quality ; and I went to
visit my Lucinda, who by a thousand innocent
Endearments, made me sensible that her Love
like mine, was rather heighten'd than weaken(
by absence, if any thing cou'd heighten a Love
so great and so perfect, I then thought my {elf

oblig'd by the Laws of Friendship not to conceal
the Secrets of my heart from {o kind and int

mate a Friend, who had so generously intrafted
me with his; and therefore, to my ctcrnal Rui
I unhappily discover'd to him my Vaslivn,

prais'd Lucinda's Beauty, her Wit, her Virte,fs
and prais'd 'em so like a Lover, so often and 6
highly, hat I rais'd in him a great Desire to see osx

shor
a Fla
WOU-L

accomplish'd a Lady; and to gratify his Curiol-Wgpreh,

ty, I show'd her to him by the help of a Light, on

Evening at a low Window, where we us'd to hol

our amorous Interviews. She prov'd bat tooffhing

charming, and too strong a Temptation to Dain

Fer dinand:;, and her prevailing Image made so deep

an Impreslion on his Soul, that *twas sufficient;
to blot out of his mind all those daily Beauty

that had till then imploy'd his wanton Thoaghts,
hz was strack dumb with Wonder and Delight
it the fight of the ravishing Apparition , and in
set, to see her and to love her prov'd with him

ame thing: and when 1 say to love her, G
zed not add to desperation, for there's no leving p
her but to an Extreme. If her Face made him i |
o soon take fire, her Wit quickly set him all -in 'Þ
a Flame. He often importun'd me to communtte
to him some of her Letters, which I indeed
Froud neer expose to any eyes but my own';, but
unhappily one day he found one, wherein she derd
me to demand her of her Father, and to
Wasten the Marriage. It was pen'd with that ten»
lemess and discretion, that when he had red it,
xent se presently cry'd- out, that the amorous Charms A
ove, {tat were {catter'd and divided among. other Beau- F
cen'd he were all divinely center'd' in Lucinda, and

Love sin Lucinda alone. Shall I confess a thamefl 4
y sell Wrath-? Zucinda's Praises, tho never so deserv'd, & |
ncea Wd not- found pleasantly to my Ears (oat '&f . US
inti-Wor Ferdinand's Month, I began to entertain v

a\ted now not what Distrasts ay jealous Fears, :the |
Rum, Fitter because he wou'd still bEimproving the least Y
n, |Poportanity of talking of her, and still' of insen- &
in bly turning the Discourse we had of other mat- Y

xs to make her the SubjeR, tho never so far x
(ee ltch'd, of our constarit Tatk, Not that 1 was- k
uriol-Ypprehensive of the least Infidelity from Lycinds% #
ht, onfirfrom it ; she gave me daily fresh-afsurarices: C |
0 holif her inviolable AﬀeRtion:: but I fear'd ev'ry #
at toong from my malignant. Stars,. and Lovers are *
r 20 monly: industrions/ to- make thertselves -utt- f;
0 deeply.
rfficieny Rt happen'd one day. that Lucinda, "who

Zeaute
yyil

great delight in reading Books of Knight
N _ Ercautiyy

DOG e Life and Atchievements

Errantry, defir'd me to lend her the Romavce of |: ;
Amada de Gattic
Scarce had Cardenio mention'd Knight-Erray | 1.7
try, when Doz Quixote interrupted him ; Sir,
said he, had you but told me when you sir(t men- al
tion'd the Lady Lucinda, that ihe was an Admirer Kn
of Books of Knight-Errantry, there had been no Bo
need of using any Amplification to convince me of
her being a Person of uncommon Senle : yet, Sir, imr
had she not us'd those mighty Helps, those infalli- [ be
ble Guides to Sense, tho indulgent Natute had \
{trove to ble(s her with the richest Gifts the can this
bestow, I might justly n—_ have doubted whe, | jj
ther her Perte&tions could have gain'd her the | 4,
Love of a Person of your Mcrit. But now you f yirt
need not imploy your Eloquence to set forth the up
greatness of her Beauty, the excellence of her | jj,
Worth, or the depth of her Sense ; for, from | þe;c
this account which I bave of her taking great | ;jy-1
Delight in reading Books of Chivalry, I dare] the
pronounce her to be the most beautiful, nay the hes
oft accomplish'd Lady in the Universe : and] |
eartily con'd have wish'd that with Amads 4} 1,
Gaule you had sent-.ber the worthy. Don Rugl} *T
of Greece ; for I am certain the Lady Lucinu'l his
wou'd have been extremely delighted with D#'
rayda and Garaya, as alsv with the discreet Shep- | gg);
herd Darinel, and those admirable Verses of hs this ,
Bucolics, which he sung and repeated with so godl [ pnq 1
2 Grace. But a time may yet be found to gil} 44
her the satisfaRion of reading those Matter-piecey]"]F
if you will ddÞ me the Honour to come to if] hy
Houle ; for there I may supply you. with aborÞyj
three hundred Volumes, whch ' are . my Sol
greatest Delight, and the darling Comfort
my Life z tho now 1 remember my {clf, or

just reason to fear there's not one of 'em left in
my Study, thanks to the malicious Envy of. wicked
Enchanters. I beg your pardon for giving
you this interruption, contrary to my promise z

Knight-Errantry, it is no more in my power to

forbear speaking, than 'tis in the Sun Beams

not to warm, Or in those of the Moon not to
impart her natural humidity ; and therefore, Sir,
beseech you to go on. | | |
While Don Quixote was running ,on with
this impertinent Digression, Cardenio bung down
his Head on his -Breast with all the Signs of a
Man lost in sorrow : Nor cou'd Don Ouixote
with repeated intreaties perswade him to look
up, -or answer a Word, At last, after he had
stood thus a considetable while, he rais'd his
head, and suddenly breaking silence, I am posttively
convinc'd, cry'd he, nor shall any Man in

{ the world ever perswade me to the contrary ; and

he's a Blockhead who says, that great Villain,
Mr. Elizabat the Barber, never lay with Qucen
M ad a s1ma, FRY

Tis false, cry'd Don Weitere, in a mighty

heat, By all the Devils, (ahd with that he rap'd

out three or four round Oaths, as he wou'd often
do). 'tis all scandal and base Detra&ion to say
this of Queen Afadasinr, She was a molt noble
2nd virtuous Lady ; nor is it to be presuni'd

[| tat so great a Princess would ever debase her

It so, far as to fall in love with a Quack.

{Whoever dares say she did, lies like an errant

Souls
rt bl

[Villain, and I'll make him acknowledg it, either
2 foot or a Horseback, aarm'd or unarmd, by

Night or by Day, or how he pleases. Cardem.yery
earnestly fix'd his Eyes on Don Quixote
dh N 2 - while

but when I hear the least mention made of

es gs, a ROI ae ES _ * - CES "Il = : MP ;
{x8 CERES wo t5- rar ie 4 ”Yy FP oak. * OM 1 Le” o SIE re Md -
SF, > ITE. SENG ta 4 x4 ;, "_ ad I v Pu - -
LOTIDS: © ere ALD WET IDS IEEE IS... EI Wann ED CL a Lo IA; L 5% -
DW c hn OS wk L eee IS Ju : _—

of the Rock with his clench'd/Fists ; but he bear
bis Feet with a single blow. and then he fel

while he was thus defying him, and taking
Queen Madasimn's part as if she had: been his
true-and lawful Princess ;, and being provok'd

these Abuses into one of his mad' Fits, he took
up a great Stone that lay by him, and hit
Dor Qyixote such-a blow with it that it beat him
on Is back. Sancho seeing his Lord and Master:
{ roughly handled, fell upon. the mad Knight

him back at the first Ont, and: laid him at

a trampling his Guts, like a Baker in a Dough
trough. Nay the: Goatherd, who was offering
to take Sancho's part, had like to have been
serv'd in the same manner. So the ragged Knight
having tumbled 'em one over another, and beaten
em handfomly, he left *em, and ran into the
Woods without the least opposition.

Sancho got up when he saw him gone, and
being very much out of humour to find
himtelf so roughly handled without any mar
ner of reason, he began to pick a quarrel with
the . Goatherd, railing. at him for not forewarning
em of the" "Mgged Knight's mad Fits,
that they might hav® stood upon their Guard,
The Goatherd answer'd, he had given 'en
warning at first, and if he con'd not hear,
twas no fault of his. To this Sancho reply'd,
and the Goatherd made a Rejoinder, till from
Pro's and Con's they fell to a warmer way
disputing, and went to Fisticuffs together, catch
inz one another by the Beards, and tuggig,
halling, and belabouring one another so unmercifully,
that had not Don Quixote parted 'em,
tliey would have pulled one anothers Chins oil,
Sancho in great wrath. still keeping his bay

R cry

of the Renown'd Dan Quixote. 269
ery'd to his Master, Let me alone, Sir Knight of
the Woful Countenance. This is nodubb'd Knight,

but an ordinary Fellow like my Telf ; I may be reveng'd
on him for the wrong he has done me ;
ket me box it out, and fight him fairly hand to
fit like a Man. Thou: may{t fight him as he's
thy Equal, answer'd Don Quixote, but thon
onght'st not to do it since he has done us no
wrong. After this he pacify'd 'em, and then addressing
himself to the Goatherd, he ask'd him.
whether it were not possible to find out Cardenio

ain, that he might hear the end of his Story. -

Goatherd answer'd, that, as he had andy |
told him, he knew of no scttled place that he us'd, -.
but that if they made any stay thereabouts he .
might be sure to meet with him, mad or sober,
some Tine or other,

CHAP Al.

If Of the strange Things that happewd to th
$ [| valiant Riche of La Mancha 7» the
F |! Mountain; and of the Penance which he
aid there, in imitation of the Lovely 0b-
care.

D92N Quixote took leave of the Goatherd,
and having mounted Rozinarrte, command:
ed Sancho to follow him, which he did, but with
no very good will, his Master leading him into
the roughest and most cr 87 part of the Moun
tain, Thus the travell's or a while without Pr
speaking a word to each other ; Sancho almotY yo
ead and ready to burst for want of a little oy or
waited with great Impatience till his Master should} \
begin, not daring to speak first since his string Fri
junion of Silence. But at last not being able to tics
keep his words any longer, Good your Worship dor
quoth he, give me your Blessing and Leave to i mar
8 þ gone, I beseech you, that I may go home to mJ mil:
Bs) Wife and Children, where I may talk till In fap
K..|' . weary, and no body can hinder me ; for I mul bet
&/// needs tell you, that for you to think to lead me
| 40 a jaunt like a Jack-a-Lanthorn, over Hedg and thou
1 (6 Ditch, thro Hills and Dales, by Night and bj
i Day, without daring to open my Lips, is but tl
bury me alive. Could Beasts speak, as they (ql
in Giasepet's Time, it had not been half so out «
with me, for then I had had one here to Mlkort.

oj 3. GE OTST OI

of the Renoww?d Don Quixote. . 27r

talk'd with : but to trot on this fashion -all the
days of my Life after Adventures, and to light
on nothing but Thumps, Kicks, and Cuffs,- to be
one time at Leapfrog in a Blanket, and to have the
Cawl of my Belly c'en almost burst, asjuft now,
and afrer all forsooth to have a man's Mouthr
mY ford up, without daring to speak one's Mind, I
th Y say't again, no livinz Soul can endure it. 1 unhh:
derftand thee, Sancho, answer'd Doz Ouixote, thou
03- B linger t with Impatience to exercise thy talking
Faculty. Well, I am willing to free thy Tongue
from this Reltraint that so cruelly pains thee,
upon condition, that the time of this License thall
herd, M not extend beyond that of our continuance in
nant these Mountains. A match, quoth S.zzcho. let's
with make Hay while the Sun shines, ['11 talk while I
into} may z what I may do hereatter Heaven knows in
Viour W best. And so beginning to take the 'Benefit of his "|
ithout I Privilege, pray Sir, quoth he, what Occasion had
almolt © you to take so hotly the part of Qtigen 44agimasu, {1

to Mitt, twas the highest picce of DetraRtion to say,

4 That

Queens of that Magnitude and extraordinary
Worth as was Queen Madasima, for whose rare

That a Queen was scandalously familiar with ;
Barber-Suxgeon : For the truth of the story ig,
that this Master El;zabat, of whom the Madman
ipoke, was a Person of "extraordinary Prudence,
and Sagacity, and was Physician to that Queen,
who allo made use of his Advice- in matters of
importance ; but to say she gave him up her H6
nour, and prostituted her self to the Embrace
u man of an inferior Order, was an impudent,
groundlefs, and slanderous Accusation, worthy the
sverest Punishment : neither can I believe that
Cardenio knew what he said, when he charg'd the
Onecn with that debasing Guilt ; for *tis plain
that his raving Fit bad disorder'd the seat of his.
Linderstanding. Why, there it is, quoth Sancho;
who but a Madman would have minded what a
Madman said ? What if the Flint that had hit
GU ity the Breast had path'd your Brams { We
had been in a dainty pickle for taking the part d
zhat same Lady, with a peascod on her. Nay and
Cardents would have come off too had he kuockd
you onthe Head, for the Law bas nothing to do with
Madmen. Sancho,reply'd Don Quixote,we Knights
Exrant are oblig'd to vindicate the honour of We:
men of all Quality soever, as well against Ma&
en as againlt men in their Senses ; mach more of

Y + pu mos wen,

Endowments I have a peculiar Veneration ; for
she was a most beautiful Lady, Discreet and Pri
dent to admixation, and behay'd her self with an.
exemplary Patience in all her Misfortunes : "Twas
then that the Company and, wholesome Counte:
of Master Ekzabat grov'd very useful to alleviatt
the burden of her AfﬀiRtions; from which the 1;
ngrans and 1H. meaging, Yulgar. took occaly L nc

ERESSSESEFRER so TRPTHqDP;<O = i, wm +

lawful] Commerce with him. But say once more,

they 4 =_ ” a —_ times, ang oor they. _
(hall prefam y rt, or or 19

much as think or farmise f tase a Calumny. |
Why, quoth Sancho, I neither say nor think one

Ho BY way nor Yother not I: Let .them that say it cat
ed Þ theLie, and swallow it with their Bread. If they -
dent, | hay together, they have ansiver'd for it before now. -
7 the £ Inever thrust my Nose into other men's Porrige.
that | idon't love to tell a Lie, and find the Truth;
dthe £ thatwere as bad as to buy and (cl, and live by the.
plain £ Loss, Let him that owns the Cow take her by the

f his. Tail. i Naked I came into the World, and naked -
cho; MW must I £9 out. : Many go out for Wool, that come
1at 2 I home shomn themselves. - Little said is soon ameng- - -
& hit U ed. It's a Sin to belic the Devil. :But mifumder- - -

ing -brings lies to Town, and there's no padno

flies. .:.

tilague of musty. Proverbs. hast thou run thro !
wo a-heap of frippery Ware hast thou thread-.

& have done, and for the Futnre et. thy

roncern thy. self with things tar are vey

e rare ere: And remember this, That whativever[-
n; fr G.stave done, and thall do, is no more than what
d Pr-Sthe result of mature Consideration, and ftridtly

Jofermable to the 'Laws of. Chivalry, which 1
d. uderftand better than all the. Knights that ever
Botelsd Knight-Errantry. : Ay, ay Sir, quoth'Sar- |

w; but pray, ist a good Law of Chiva y that

& $5-we should wander.up and down, over Bathes .
(WC Bryars, jg a. 7 RE. where there's
| {$% $ pf . : i ij

of the Renown'd Don-Quixote. 27g +

et and rumour, that she was guilty of an un- -

lrking of People's. Mouths 3: for a close Mouth :
Good Heaven, cry'd Don Oyixote, what a Ca- |

&.together, and. how: wide from the purpose! *
nhole Study be to ser ve thy Master; nor do thou

>. « DER EI ST © res , oh
BSE or mrs Bo,

e 5 ne EEG = 2 * OSS £ <4

have Business of greater Moment than

neither Foot-path nor Way, running a Wild- |
goose Chase after a Madman, who, 1t we light
on him again, may chance to make an end of what
he has begun ; not of his Tale of a roasted Horse
1 mean, but of belabouring you and me thoroywly,
and squeezing out my Guts at both ends. Once
more I prethee have done, said Do7 _
the findin
this frantic man; it is not so much that Bus
nels that detains me in this barren and desolate
Wild, as a desire I have to perform a certain heroic
Deed that shall immortalize my Fame; and
make it fly to the remotcst Regions of the habitable
Globe; nay it shall seal and confirm me the
most compleat and absolute Knight-Errant in the
World. But is not this same Adventure very
dangerous, ask'd Sancho ? Not at all, replied Dm
Ourxote, tho as Fortune may order it, our Ex
pectations may be baffed by pponting Accidents
but the main thing consists in thy Dil:
ence, The Devil it does, quoth Sancho! I rmean,
id Don Quixote, that it thou return'st with al
the speed —_— from the place whither I ds
sign to send thee, my Pain will soon be at an end
and my Glory will begin. . And because I do nd
doubt thy Zeal for advancing thy Master's Ir
terest, I will no longer conceal my Designs fron
thee. Know then, my most faithful Squire, thit
Amadis de Gaule was one of the most accomplilhi
Knights-Errant; nay I should not have said |
was one of 'em, but the most Perfect, the Chic
and Prince of *em all. And let not the Belianjff
nor any, others pretend to stand in competition
with him for the honour of Priority ; for, tom)
krowledg, should they attempt it, they would
egrezioully in the Wrong, 1 must also inforil

thee, that when a Painter studies to excel and grow
famous in his Art, he takes Care to imitate the best
Originals z which Rule ought likewise to be obfry
d in all other Arts and Sciences that serve for
the Ornament of well regulated Commonwealths.
Thus he that is ambitious of- gaining the Reputation
of a Prudent and Patient Man, ought to propose
to himself to imitate Vlyses, in whose Person
Homer has admirably delineated a perfe& pattern
and prototype of Wisdom and heroic Patience.
So Virgil in his eAfneas has given the World- a
rare Example of filial Piety, and of the Sagacirty of
a valiant and experienc'd General ; both the Greek
and the Roman Poets representing their Heroes
not such as they really were, but sach as they
should be, to remain examples of Virtue to ersuing

Ages. In the fame manner, Amadis- haying

been the Polar Star and Sun of valiant and
amorous Knights, 'tis him we ought to set before
our Eye as our great Exemplar, all of us. that
hght under the Banner of Love and Chivalry ; for

tis certain that the Adventurer who (} all emulate

him best, shall consequently arrive nearest to the
Perfeftion of Knight-Errantry. . Now Sancho, 1:
find that among other Things- which most dis
lay'd that Champion's Prudence, and Fertitude,
is Conitancy and Love, and his other heroic V irues,

none was more remarkable than his retiring

from his difdainful Oriana, to do Penance on the

poor Rock, changing his Name into that of The
Lovely Obscure, a Title certainly most significant,

and adapted to the Life which he then intended to
lead. $0.1 am resfolv'd to imitate him in this, the
rather because I think it a more easy Task than it

would be to copy his other Atchievements, such

as cleaving the Bedies of Giants, cutting off the

beads þ

Rs one RT RT tn

w_: _ EPR "and Atchieverents
weekilling dreadfyl Mensicrs routs,.
Wisperling Navies reak-

54 Ros A ge Spells.. And - these
ay 1 5 — Is f. faix.an Opportu-. I |
—_ {ze-no xea should neglect it, and = |
therefore 14] 25g : is now. Very well, Þ |
B dy; a pray Si; what is it you mean | |
39 dg.mthis. ag-end of the Wai Id? Have I not
already Sg Ws ansiver' d. Don Quixote, that y
intend to: Copy Amggis Math ess, Despair, I ?
and Fury ? At the he lane. Time I- will imitate the |
oy Onlands Frraso > Extyauagance, when be I h

an Mad, after he bad found. the unhappy Tokens.
the Fair. Angelica's dishonorable Commerce
Ws Os the apoagel . * which Tntg in
AntiC air, . he tore xees by the Roots, .
trebled the Pore of od lear Fountains, slew © ti
the Shepherds, ot 'd. their. Flocks, sir'd their - I in
Huts, demolish Holes drove their. Horses de- ly
e him, and —_— a hundred, thousand + I} he
ther Extravagancies worthy ta be recorded in the
eternal Register of Fame. Not that I intend however.
all things to imitate Rolday, or Orlande, or.
Retoland, (for he had all those names) but. only |
to make choice. of such frantic Effects of his amo- Þ Thi
rous Despair as Lsball think most cfential, and - | diyc
worthy. Imitation. Nay perhaps I shall wholly ah, ;
follow-Amadss, who without launching out. into | thy
tych destructive and. fatal Ravings, and only. exprefling
bis Avguish.in Complaits and Lamentztipns,
gaind.n neverthele(s a Renown equal, if not _
sypezior: so that of the gx greatest Herpes. Sir, quoth
7 Sancho, 1 dare say, Knights. who did .thele-
Yi Penances had fore reason to be mad; but what .
need have you to be-mad too ? What Lady has..
Ny you 8 packings or lo. muck; as gold [2h

ws - off of the Renows'd Don Quixote. 277

Sngut at you'? When did. you gvgr find that my
Lady Dulcinea del Toboso, id otherwise than she
should do with either Turk or Christian ? Why,
there's the point cry'd. Dox Gnas, in this cqnits
the singular perteftion ©

mad upon any just..Occafon, is neither str

nor meritorious z no, the rarity is to run mad-.
vithout a Cause, without the least Constraint or
Necessity, Sancho; there's a resin'd and exquilite -

Passion for you: :-for thus my Miltress must needs
have a vast Idea of my Love, since if it drove me.

to such a state without avy provocation, it must-.

wdoubtedly have carried me to the strangest Extremities,

had I lahour'd- under any amorous Misc.
brtune. But besides, 1 have but too just a- Mo- --

tive to give a loose to my raving Grief, considering
the: song date of my. Absence from my eyer
hpreme Lady Dulcinea del Toboso , for as the Shepherd
in Mathias Ambrosio bas it, .

Poor. Lovers absent from the Darling Fair, ].
All Tits uet only dread, but bear.

Then do not lavish any more Time. in- striving to
diyert me from so rare, so happy, and so Genie
at, Imitatjon.. I am .mad, .aug wilt be mad, till
thy return with, an answer t&the Letter which

carry from me.to the Lady Dulcinea ;

efs Fair. . T hius;
what |

my Undertaking ; ..
for mark me Sanche, for a Kmght Errant to =_

3 > a En £754 AM om

278 The Lifeand Atchievements

what return soever she makes to my Passion, ]
shall be easd one way or other of the anxions
Thoughts that now divide my Soul ; either enter.
taining the welcom News of her reviving Pity
with demonstrations of Sense, or else showing my
insenftbility of her Cruelty by the heigth of my
Distraction. But in the mean time, Sarcho, tel
me, hast thou carefully preserv'd Mambrins
Helmet? I saw thee take it up t'other Day, after
that Monster of Ingratitude had spent his Rage
in vain endeavours to break it, which by the way,
argues the most excellent Temper of the Metal,
Body of me, quoth Szncho, Sir Knight of the
woful Cuuntenance, I can no longer bear to hear
you run on at this rate : Why, this were enough
to make any man believe that all your bragging
and bouncing of your Knight-Errantry, your wit
ning of Kingdoms with a wet Finger, and your
bestowing of Klands, and Heaven knows what up:
on your Squire, are meer slim slam Stories, and
nothing but shams and lies: For who the Devil
can hear a man call a Barber's Bason a Helmet,
nay and stand to't, and vuuch it for four days to
and not think him that says: it to be fark

ad, or without Guts in his Brains ? I hare
the Bason safe enough here in my Pouch, and
T'll. get it mended for my own Ulie, if ener
I've the luck to get home to my Wife and Chil
dren, Now as I love bright Arms, cry'd Ds
Oxixote, I swear thou art the shallowest, fiHief
ard most stupid Fellow of a Squire that ever
heard or read of in my Life. 'How is it posiibk
for thee to be so dull of Apprehension, as not tt
have learnt in all this Time that thou hast been un
my Service, that all the Actions and Adventure
of us Knights-errant seem to be mere Chimera

WY OO mY OmpH<ecGe OL OO momee

ogy _þVire x7 — oh, = ORE” OO I WO 6 © i yn

nter-
Pity
rIn0s
after
Rage
fetal,
f the
\ hear
nough
your
at up:

elmet,
Rark

f evir
1 Chil

d Dill
(Obie
ever
oflibl
not tt
deen W
enturt
1mera

Follies, and Impertinences ? Not that they are so

indeed. but either thro the officious Care, or else
thro the Malice and Envy of those Enchanters
that always assist or persecute us unseen, and by
their fascinations change the appearances of our
ARtons into what they please, according to their
love or hate. This is the very reason why that
which I plainly perceive to be fambrino's Helmet
seems to thee to be only a Barber's Bason, and
perhaps another Man may take it to be something
else. And in this I can never too much admire
the Prudence of the Sage who espouses my Interests,
in making that inestimable Helmet seem
a Bason ; for did it appear in its proper Shape, its
tempting Value would raise me as many Enemies
as there are Men in the Universe, all eager to
snatch from' me so desirable a Prize. Keep it safe
then, Sancho, for I have no need of it at present;
far from it, I think to put off my Armour, and
strip my self as naked as I came out of my Mo-

ther's Womb, in case I determine to imitate

Orlando's Fury rather than the Penance of A-

This Discourse brought *em to the foot of a
high Rock that stood by it self, as if it had been

hewn out and divided from the rest ; by the skirt

of it glided a parling Stream that softly took its
winCing Course thro an adjacent Meadow. The

verdant freshness of the Grass, the number of

wild Trees, Plants, and Flowers that feasted the
woe in that pleasant Solitude, invited the Knight

the woful Countenance to make choice of it to
perform his amorous Penance ; and therefore as
soon as he had let his ravish'd Sight rove a while

Ore the scatter'd beauties of the Place, he. took
rollic © Posseslion of it with the following Speech, as x |

RT ESE oa in

a7 | Tim Tf — A”

280 The Life and Atthievements +
he had mnerlys. lost the small share of Reason he
had left. . Beho |

which an-unhappy Laver has chosen to bemoan
the deplorable State to which you have reduc
him ; here shall my flowing Tears swell the liquid

Veins of this Christal Rill, and my deep Sighs..

Perpetually move the Leavesof these shady Trees,

the ever-renew'd Instances of the Forments whichmy

throbbing Heart endures. Ye Rural Deities,
whoever ye be, that make these unfrequented De-
Ferts your Abode, bear the Complaints of an unfortunate
Lover, whom a tedious Absence, and some
slight impressions of jealous Mistrust have driven
to these regions of Despair, to bewail his rigorous
Destiny, and deplore the distrating Cruelty

of that ungrateful Fair who is the perfection ofall

bumane Beauty. Ye pitying Napear Nymphbs

and Dryades, silent Inhabitants of the W aods and |
Groves, aslilt me to lament my Fate, or at least.

attend. the mouryful Story of .my Woes; so may

vo designing beastly Satyrs, those just Objeds
your hate, ever have power to interrupt your |

Oh Dulcinea del Tobofo-! Thou Sun that

turn'lt my gloomy Nights to. Day ! Glory of my.
Pain ! North-Star of, my Travels, and reigning |

Planet that. controul'it my Heart! Pity 1 conjure
thee the unparallel'd Distress to which thy Absence
has reduc'd the faithfullest of: Lovers, and grant
ta my Fidelity that kind .Return which it so just

ly claims! So may. indulgent Fate. shower on

thee all the Blessings .thou. ever can'st. desire, or

Heavens grant ! — Ye lonesome Trees, under

whose spreadivg Branches. I come to linger out the

gloomy lhadow of a tedious Being ; let the soft.

Language of your rustling Leaves, and the kind

nodding of your springing Boughs latisfy me_ that if

1d, O Heavens, cry'd he, the place

I oy Se

am welcom to your shady. Harbours. O thou my
trusty Squire, the inseparable Companion of my
Adventures, diligently observe what thoa shalt
see me do in this lonely Retreat, that thou may'it
vid © inform the dear Cause of my Ruin with every
ohs.. | particular. As-he said this, he alighted, and prees,
{ently taking of His Horse's Bridle and Saddle, go,
uch- BY Rozemante, said he, giving the Horse a clap on the
ies, Posteriors; he that has lost his Freedom gives thee
De- . thine, thou Steed as renown'd for thy cxtraordjun-.
KY nary Actions as for thy Misfortunes : go rear thy
2me | awful Front where e're thou pleafest, secure that
Ven neither the F/ppogriphon of Aftolipho, nor the re-
07- nown'd Frontimo winch Bradamante purchased
elty | at so high a Price, could ever: be. thought thy
n of: B Equals. |
aps Now cry'd S:mcho, a sliding knot choak him
and . that {av'd me the tronble of sending my AG to
least M Grass too ; poor thing, had I bim bere be should
may {| not want two or three claps o're the Buttocks,
jets {| 107 a fine Speech in his praise neither, while I toak
your {| &ff his Pannel: But stay, were he bere, what
that ed would there be to strip him of his Harness?
my. {| Alas, poor. Creature, he never had any thing toning
do with these mad pranks of Love no more than

jure | my self,, who was his Master, when Fortune -
sence. | pleasd. But d'ye hear me, now I think on't, Sirrant:
I Knight of the woful Countenance, if your Wor- -

just- I ship is resoly'd to be Mad and send me away in

r on- þ g60d earnest, we mult c'en.clap the Saddle again... - |

or | 1 Rezinante's Back, for to tell you the Truth I'm
but a sorry Footman, and if. I don't ride home I .

gon't know when I shall be able to come to yau-:
ain. Do as thou think'st fit for that, Sancha,.
nd ff answer'd Don C4: xote, for I delign thou shalt {e
that :Ebrward about Three. Days bence. In the- mean.
aW- 7 ; while

|» > = OI Om EEE ISI ILY Ot GED EET} 1 error rn TS +
5 7 SY r _ - I og = "2 F'Y
IO Eo I TIES dt Ig x nn =
lO on mir En EE Sp - "5 E677 OI”

while thou shalt be''a witness of what I Wil

do for my Lady's sake, that - thou may'st give Þ n
her an account of it. © Bless my Eyelight, quoth iN |
Sancho, what can I see more than I've sen al- Þ ti
ready ? Thou hast seen nothing yet, answerd | m

Don Quixote, thou mutt see me throw away my | p

Armour, . tear my Cloths, knock my Head x I} ”

gainst the Rocks, and do a thousand other I &
Things of that kind that will 611 thee with Aso I al
nistkment. For gocanels sake, Sir, quoth Sar- I yi
cho, take beed how you quarrel with these un I nc
gracious Rocks, you may chance to get fucha Þ a
crack o the Crown at the very firit Rap as I} T
may spoil a rare Madman, and a special Pen & he
tent to boot, all at one dash. No, I dont I} m:
like that way by no means; if you must needs |} '
be knocking your Noddle, to go thro' ititch I de
with this uzly Job, seeing 'tis all but a mock, I tet
or as it were between Jeit and Earnest, why ÞÞ be
can't you as well play your Tricks on fsome- Þ tal
thing that's softcr than these unconscionable Stones! I} yo
you may run your Head againtt the Water, or
rather againit Cotton, or the stuffing of Kou-' | Do
nante's Saddle, and then let me alone with the | we
rest : ]'ll be sure to tell my Lady Dulcinea that N a 1
you bebump'd your Poll against the point of a que
Rock that's barder than a Diamond. [ hy
I thank thee for thy good Will, dear Sanci,
replyed Dor _ But I assure thee that all I dv'
these seeming Extravagancies which 1 mult run tv
thro are no Jests. Far from it, they must be all N &e!
perform'd seriously and solemnly ; for otherwik Yi.
we shou'd transgress the Laws of Chivalry, that
forbid us to tell Lies upon pain of Degradation: Y&vz
now to pretend to do one thing, and effect an&
ther, is an Evasion which I esteem to be as wy 5} Jon

of the Rexonnd Don Quixote, 283
Lying. Therefore the Blows which I must give
my self on the Head ought to be rea], substantial,
found ones, without any Trick or mental Reserva-
1 al- I tion; for which reason I wou'd have thee leave
rerd | me some Lint and Salve, since Fortune has de-
my Þf priv'd us of the foveraign Balsam which we loft.
d + BY Twas a worse Loss to lose the AsG, quoth Sancho
ther J for with him we've lost Bag and Baggage, Lint and
Aso all. But no more of your damn'd Drench, if
Sar- © you love me; the very theuzhts on't are enough
e un- I. not only to turn my Stomach, but my Soul, such
ich a BY a rumbling I feel in my Wemb at the name or't.
p as || Then as for the three Days you'd have me loyter
Peni- © here to mind your mad Tricks, you had as good
don't © make account they're already over; for I hold
needs | 'em for done, unfight unseen, and will tell 'Won-
{titch ©} ders to my Lady : wherefore write you your Letnock,
ter, and send me going with all haste; for let me
why I} be hang'd if I don't long already to be back to
some- © take you out of this Purgatory wherein I leave
ones? | you.
7, of | Dost thou only call it Purgatory, Sancho, cry'd
Row | Don Quixote? call it Hell rather, or something
1 the I worse, if there be in Nature a term expreslive of
z that | 4 more wretched state. ' Nay, not to neither,
of a | quoth $.2cho, I wot& not call it Hell;: because as
[heard our Parson say," There's no Retention out
ancho, ff Hell, Retention, cry'd Do# Ouirxot! . what
at all J do'ft thou mean by that word ? Why, quoth Sant
ran] &9, Retention is Retention, it is, that whosebe
al Ber 15 m1 Hell never comes, nor can come out of
I Which, than't be your Case this Bout, if I
rn stir my Heels, and have but Spurs to tickle
$023nznte's Flank, till I come to my Lady Dulci-
#z; for I will tell her such strange things of
your Magzotty Tricks, your Folly and- your
Madness,

CIOS IS inet IPs AIrner Se eoer/

284 The Life and Atchievements TH

Madness, for indeed they are no better; that [1
lay my Head to a hazel Nut, I'll make her as
luppleas a Glove, tho I found her at first as tough ©] D
hearted as Cork; and when I've wheedled anAn- I th
{wer out of her all full of {veet bony Words, Il &

away will I whisk it back to you cutting the Air,
as {wift as a Witch upon a Broomstick, and free
you out of your Purgatory; for a. Purgaturyi Bl
will have it to-be, in spight of Hell; nor hall I I«
you gainsay me in that T fancy; for, as T've tod |
vou before, there's some hops of your Retention
ont of this place. m1
Well, be it so, said the Knight of the Wofal
Countenance ; but. how {hall I do to write this
Letter ? And the Order for the three Asses, ad:
ded Sznco? VII not forget it, anjwer'd Da
Owixoter, But since we havechere no Paper, I muk
be obligd to write on the Leaves or Bark
Trees, .or on Wax, asthey did in antient Tune;
yet now I consider on't, vve are here as 11l provid
edyvith Wax as vvith Paper. But stay, now |
remember, I have Eardenis's Pocket-Book, vvhich:
will supply that vvant in this Exigence, and then
thon shalt get the Letter fairly transcrib'd at tis
first Village where thou canst meet with a Schook
master; or for vvant of a Schoolmalter,
may'it get the Clark of the Parish to do it: but
by no means give it to any Notary or Lawyer t0 Jut
be written out, for they commonly write such It
confounded. hands, that the Devil himself waudsgo
scarce be able to read.it.. Well, quoth S-ncby,þ
but vvhat shall 1 do for vvant of your Name to-it
it? Why, . ansiver'd Don Quixote, Amadis newerfile |
us'd to subscribe his Letters. Ay, xeply'd Sancin |
but the Bill of Exchange for the three Asses mwl

be. fgn'd, and. shou'd 1 get it copy'd out K.. 4

43-5 SF FRFT

F of the Renowr?d Don Quixote, 285
wards, they'd say 'tis not your hand, and so I
pA -yvithout, the Afes. I'll vvrite and sign
the Order for 'em in the Table-Book, answer'd
ough | Doi Quixore:; and as soon as my Niece (hall see
1:An- Þ the band, fheill never fcruple the delivery of: the.
ords, Þ Mes: And as: far the Love-Letter, when tliou
Air, grit it transcrid'd, thou mult get ir:thus under-
free © written, Tour's till Death, The Knight of the
oryi IN Woful Conntenance, Tis no matter whether the
(hall &] letter and the Subscription be vvritten by the same
told I hand or no; for as | remember, Dulcincacan neiion
© ther read nor write, nor did she ever see any of
my Letters, nay not so much as any of ny, Writ-

Voful JI ing in her life : For my Love and her's have ak.
e ths £ ways been purely Platonic, never extending bes,
ad © yond the lawful Bounds of a modest Look ;, and
Du FE thattoo so very seldom, that TI dare safely 'swear,
[ must Wthat tho for these twelve Years she has been dearer
rk of Wto my Soul than Light to my Eyes, yet 4 ne-
10s; Ever saw her four times in my life, and perhaps of
rovide those few times that I have seen her, she has scarce
ow | ivd once that I beheld her. So stritly and

vvhich-Ylb discreetly Lorenzo Corchuelo her Father, and Ald
then ldmrzu Nogales ber Mother have kept and educated
at the ler. Heigh-day, quoth Sancho.! Did you ever
Schook bear the like ! And is my Lady Dulcinea del To-
thou foe, at last the Daughter of Lorenzo Corchuele,
t : but Nile that's otherwise call'd Afdonza Lorenzo? The
yer to Fame, answer'd Don Quixote; and tis she that. me-.
te luck hits to be the Sovereign of the Universe; Udf
waudsggers quoth Sancho, I know her fall well; *tis-

& trapping Wench y' Faith, and pitches the Bar

th e're a lust y young Fellow in our Parish, By.

We Mass 'tis a. notable strong-built, sizable, star-:

F#% manly Lass, and one that will keep her Chin

of the Mire I vvarrart her ; nay and hold ”

best Knight-Errant to't that vvears a head, if &er.
he venture upon her. Body o' me, vvhat a Voice
she has vvhen she sets up her Throat ! I saw her
one day pearch'd up o' top of our Steeple to call |th
to some Plough-jobbers that labour'd in a fallow. [wi
Field; and tho' they vvere half a League off, they | lec
heard her as plain as if they had been in the |
Church-yard under her. The bet of her is, that |?
she's neither coy nor frumpish; -she's a tra&able | dic
Lass and fit for a Courtier, for he'll play with | thc
like a Kitten,. and jibes and jokes at every | anc
ody. And now in good truth, Sir Knight of the | but
Woful Countenance, you may een play as many Þ Fo.
Gambols as you please ; you may run mad, you | Sto
may hang your {elf for her sake, there's no body | ap
but will say you c'en took the wisest course, tho [{t,
the Devil himself should carry you away a pick $/*:
apack. Now am I e'en wild to be gone, tho Jt.
twere for nothing else but to see her, tor I have
not Fen her this many a day ; I fancy I shall
hardly know her again, for a Woman's Face
itrangely alters by being always in the Sun, and
drudging and mailing in the open Fields. Well
I muit needs own I've been mightily mistaken al
along : for I dursi have (worn this Lady Dulcine
had been some great Princess with whom you were
in love, and such a one asdeszrv'd those rare Gifts
you beitow'd on her. as the Biscayan, the Gallyflaves,
and many others that for ought I know you
may have sent her before I was your Squire. I cant Js*

chuse but laugh to think how my Lady AlamuP®
Lorenzo ( my Lady Dulcinea del Tobojo, 1 (ond
have said ) wou'd bchave h-r self shou'd any «
those Men which you have sent, or may send togan:
er, chance to go and fall down o' their Marrowg®
bones before her: For 'tis ten to one the maj$'6s
appc M

PT. of the Renown?'d Don Quixote. 287

happen to find her a combing of Flax. or threshulcines

11 were
e Gifts

. {pero hearing of it, took occasion

ing m the Barn, and then how finely balk'd they'll
be; as sure as I'm alive they mult needs think
the Devil ow'd 'em a shame, and (he her self
wy but flout 'em, and mayhap be somewhat netled
at it.

[ have often told thee, Sancho, siid Don Quixoz,
and [ tell thee again, that thou ought'it to bride
or immure thy sawcy prating Tongue ; for
tho thou art but a dull-headed Dunce, yet now
and then thy ill-manner'd Jests bite too sharp.
But that I may at-once make thee sensible of thy
Folly and my Discretion, I will tell thee a short
Story. A hand{om, brisk, young rich Widow,
bappen'd to fall in Love with a wellauth

—H * Motillon, a
usty * =Brother. ils Su ,* ;
or Servant in
a Convent or

College,

to go to her, and said to her, by
Wy of charitable Admonition, I
mightily wonder, /Madam, how a
Lady of your Merit, so admir'd for Beauty and
tor Sense, and withal so Rich, cou'd make {o ill a
<oice, and doat on a mean, {illy, despicable Fellow,
as. I hear you do, while we have jn our
House sq many” Matters: of Art, Batchelors and
tors of Divinity, among whom. your Ladysip
might pick and chuse. But the Toon anfiver'd

Gallyzw
you

cant
11gonu
(hond

lan Ariflotle;

Wagme .[' have made so ill a choice ; for tho you
ay the” Man's a Fool, 'yet as to what I take him
vr, be knows as much, or rather more Phil.sophy

Mike '0f the Lady: Dulcinea, lhe 1s equal to the
Fatelt Princesses in the World, Prethee tell me,
pi 3 Doit '

vides

ofticious grave Gentleman, Sir, said she with.
inile, you are much mistaken, and think alto;
gether after the old out-oft-tathion-way, if you i-

So, Sancho, as to the' use which I

Vern d . eato—oco

Doft thou think the Poets, who every one of 'em
celebrate the Praises of some Lady or other, had
all real Mistresses? Or that the Amar:liss, the
Phillis, the Sylvie's, the Diana's, the Galateds,
and tle like, which you shall find in so many
Poems, Romances, Songs and Ballads, upon every
Stage, and even in every Barber's Shop, were
4 Creatures of Flesh and Blood ? No, no, never
think it, for dare assure thee, the greatest part of
i 'em were nothing but the meer Imaginations of the
Poets, for. a ground-work to exercise their Wits
upon, and to give the World occasion to look
on the Authors as Men of an armorous and gallant
Disposition : and so 'tis sufficient for me ts
imagine that Aldonza Lorenzo 1s beautisul and
chait; as for her Birth and Parentage, they cotcetn:
me but little ; for there's no need: to make
an: enquiry about a Woman's Pedigree, as there is
of us Men'when some Badg of Honour is 'bestowed
on us. And so she's to me the greatest Prin
cess in the World : For thou oaght'(t to know,
Sancho, if thou know'{t it not already, that there
are but.two' things that chiefly excite us to love
Woman, an attractive Beauty, and an unspotted
Fame. Now those two Endowments. are happily
reconcild' in Dulcinea ;, for as for the -one,
has not Her equal, and few can vie with her in
the other: But to cut off all Objections at once,
I wwagin that all 7 say of her is really so, without
the least addition or diminution : 7 far
cy her to be just sach as 7 wou'd have her for
Beauty and Quality, Helen cannot stand mn
competition with her z Lucretia cannot rival her,
and all the Heroins which Antiquity has. to
boast, whether Greeks, Romans, or Barbarians, ate
at” once out-done by her incomparable Perk |

2 Ceo ng eo, = >. Bo tg — <2 Ty » ER 55 7, 95 Yu kg wal

of the Revown'd Don Quixote. 289

© > 0 LEEDS Dan. rs

Therefore let the World say what it will;
shou'd the ignorant and vulgar foolishly censure me, |
I please my self with the assurances / have of the

robation of Men of the stritest Morals, and.
+4 nice{t Judgment. Sir, quoth Sancho, I knock
under : You've Reason o' your side in all you _
fy, and 7 own my self an Ass. Nay, I'm-an *
Ass to talk of an Als ; for *tis ill talking of Hak
ters th House of .a Man that was hang'd.. But
where's the Letter all this while, that # may
be jogging ? With that Dor Qy«xote pull'd out
the Table-Book, and retiring a little aside, he ve-

E ry seriously began to write the Letter ; which
he had no sooner finisl1'd but he call'd Sancho, and

order'd him to listen while he read it over to him,
that he might carry it as, well in his Memoas

in the Pocket-Book, in case he. shou'd have -

ill lack to lose it by the way ; for he fear'd
the worse of his malignant Fortune. But, Sir,
quoth Sancho, tear the Book, and give me-two
or three Copies, and then [I'll be sure to deliver

my Message safe enough 1 warrant ye. For 'tis

a folly to think 7 can ever get it by heart ; alas
my memory, is so bad, that many times t/ forget -
my own Name. But yet for all that read it out
to me, 7 beseech you, for I've a hugeous mind to
hear it, / dare say *tis as fine as tho *twere in,
print, Well then listen, said Do Quixote.

Don Quixote de la Mancha, |:
ro Dulcinea del Toboso. A

High and Sovereign Lady ! 7
He that is Rabb'd to the quick with the Poignalll th
of Absence, and wounded to the heart will $,
Love's most piercing Darts, sends yl th
Dulcisfima that Health which he wants himself] o
Dulcinea. * sweetest Duleinea del Toboso. If yu *ti
Beauty rejett me, if your Virtue rejast] 0
to raise my faimting nopes, if your Disdain excl a
ame from Reli® must at last fink under the pri.
sure of my Woes, tho much enur'd to Suffermg;;
for my Pains are not only too violent, but. too l:ftin, 7
My trusty Squire Sancho will give you an exdi
account of the Condition to which Love and mul le
have reduc'd me, too beautiful Ingratitude. If yw
velent at last, and pity my Distress, then 1 may sq,
1 live, and you preserve what's yours, But if yo
abandon me to. Despair, I must patiently submit
and by ceafing to breath, satisfy your Saks and m)
Desire. |

Tour's till Death,

The Knight of the Woful Countenanc:

> t»- 3 © & I I

Now may I never stir, quoth Sancho, if, evet
heard a finer Thing in my born days! how nat,
ty and roundly you tell her your mind, and. boy
cleverly you. brought in at Jaft , The Knight 4

rt ith
Pnds you
hunfel,
Tf you
e refut
exclud:
he pil
Fermgs;
Lifting
2 exall

enance,

if ever

1d. bot

right i®

I Discharge, Given in the very Bowels of

of the Renown's Don Quixote. © 29x .
the Woful Countenance, Well, .I say't again in
pood earnest, you're a Devil at every thing;
there's no kind of thing in the varsal World but
what you can turn your hand to. A Man ougfit
to have some knowledg of every thing, answer'd
Don Quixote, if he wou'd be duly qualify'd for
the Employment I profess. Well then, quoth
Sancho, do so much as write the Warrant for the
three Asses, on the other side of that leaf; and
pray write it mighty plain, that they may know
tis your hand at first sight. I will, said Dor
Quixote, and with that he wrote it accordingly,
and then read it in this form.
My dear Niece,
T)PON fight of this my first Bill of Asses, be
pleasd to deliver three of the five which I
left at home in your Custody, to Sancho Panca,
my Esquire, for the value recerv'd of him here; -
aid this, together with his Receipt, shall be your
Sierra
Morena, the 22d of August in the present Year. *

8 Tis as it shou'd be, quoth Sancho, thete only L

Wants your Name at the bottom. There's na

ted to set my name, answer'd Don Quixote ; Il

Bonly set the two firit Letters of it, -and/*twill be

& valid as if *twere written at length; tho 'twere -
not only for three Ases, but so e hundred,
[dare take your Worship's word, quoth Sancho
nd now I'm going to saddle Rozinante, - ary

then you (hall give me your Blesling ;; for I in- |

Find to ser out presently, without seeing any of

your mad Tricks ; for I am so sure of your going
arow-stitch with your Penance, that I dare swear -
&þ. more than will ow your turn, Nay, = -

Dan Ounixote, I will bave thee stay a while Sacho,
and see me stark naked ; 'tis also abolutely
necessary thou shou'dst see me practisc some
twenty or thirty mad Gambols ; I thall have dispatch'd
em in less than half an hour : and when
thou hast been an Eye-witness of that Essay, thou
mayst with a safe Conscience {wear thou hait seen
me play a thousand raving Tricks , for I dare
assure thee for thy incouragement, thou never
canst exceed the number of those I shall perform,
Good Sir, quoth Sancho, as you love me don't let
me stay to see you naked, 'twill grieve me so to
the heart, that I shall cry my eyes out, and[
have blubber'd and howl'd but too much since
yelternight for the loss of my poor Ass ; my:
Head's so fore with it, I a'n't able to cry any
longer : But if you'll needs have me see some of
Your Anticks, pray do*em in your Clothes outd
hand, and the first that come into your Head;
for the sooner I go, the sooner I shall come back,
and the way to be gone is not to stay here. I long
to bring you an Answer to your Heart's content;
and 1'11 be sure to do't, or let the Lady Dulcinea
look to't ;; for if she dos not do as she shou'd do,
may old Nick toss me in bis Blanket, if I dont
make her give up an answer to my mind, wi
mY kicks o'th' Guts, and singing Filticuffs a
er Jobbernol : For tis not to be endur'd, that
sach a notable Knight-Errant as your Worlkip
is shou'd thus run-out of his Wits without Rime
or Reason for such a——Odsbobs, I know whatl
know, she had not best provoke me to say the
rest : if she dos, I shall out with it, and tel
her a piece of my mind. In troth, murder wl
out. I'll make her know her.Driver with a fr
nion. I'll handle her. without Mittins : She wy

ile San

{olutely
e som?
ave dis-
when
7, thon
at seen
I dare
Never
erform,
on't let
e fot

{1 since
ry ay
ome of
5 cute
Head ;
> back,
] long
MNrent:
ulcines

44 of the Renowwd Don Quixote. 293

fhd me as crusty as she's hard bak'd : She must
got think to put tricks upon Travellere, Hopi
protest Sancho, said Don Quixote, I think
thou art grown as mad as. my self, Nay, not ss
mad neither, reply'd Sancho, but somewhat more
angry. But talk no more of that : let's se, how
will you do for Victuals when I'm gon ? Do you
mean to do hke t other Madman yonder, rob
upon the high way, and snatch the Goatherds
Vicuals from 'em by main force? Never let
that trouble thy unmannerly Brain, reply'd
Don Quixote ;, for tho I had here all the Dainties
that can feast a luxurious Palat, I won'd feed upon
nothing but the Herbs and Fruits which this
Wilderness will afford me ; for the singularity of
my present Task conlilts im fasting and half tarying
my self, and in the performance of some other
Discipline. But there's another thing come into
my head, quoth Sancho : how shall I do to find the
way hither again, *tis sach a by-place ? Take good
notice of it beforehand, said Don Quzxote, and
I'll indeavour to keep hereabouts till thy return.
Belides, about the time when I may reasonably
expe& thee back, I'll be sure to watch on the top *
of yonder high Rock for thy coming. But now. -
[ bethink my self of a better Expedient ; thou :-
shalt cut down a\ good number oft Boughs, and
firew 'em in the way as thou rid'it along, till --
thou get'{t to the Plains, and this will serve thee --

to- find me again at thy return, like Perfcs's

Clue to get out of the Labyrinth of. Crere.. .

Pil g'> about it out of hand, guoth Sancho 5; with
that 'h2 went and cut down a Bundle of Bonghs,
then came and ask'd his Master's Blessing, and
after a shower of Tears {hed on both sides,

mounted Roz4rarnte, which Don Quixote yery fe-

O - : rignfly

294 The kafe and Atchievements
rioully recommended to his care, charging him to.
be as tender of that excellent Steed as of Nis own
Person. After that be st forward toward the Plaing,
Krewing several: Boughs as he rid according to
erder.. His Master had importun'd him to itay
and see him do two or three of his antic Posture
before he went, but he- cou'd not prevail with
him : However before he was got. out of sight
he consider'd of it, and. rode back. Sir, quoth
he, I've thought better of it, and -I believe 1 had
take your advice, that I may swear with a
Tafe conscience F've seen you play your mad tricks;
therefore I'wou'd see you do one of 'em at least,
tho I think I've seen you. do a very great one already,
L,mean your itaying by your self in this

I had advised thee right, said Don Quixote, and.
therefore stay but while a Man may” repeat the -
Creed, and I. will. shew thee what thou woud'st
see. With that, slipping off his Breeches, and
tripping himself naked to the waste, he gave
two or three frisks in the Air, and then pitching
on his- rands, he fetch'd his heels over his head,
twice together ; and, as he tumbled with his Legs
aleft, discover'd such Rarities, that Sancho Ce
made haste to turn his Horse's Head, that he
might no longer see 'em, and rode away fully satisfy'd
that he might swear his Master was mad ;

so we will leave bim to make the belt of his,

way, tilt bis return, which will be more speedy. |
than might be imagin'd, |

CHAP.,

La of the RenowMad Don Quixote. e295

y CHAP. XI

with 4 Continuation of the resin'd Extravagane
soht ties by which the Gallant Kyzight of La
juoth Mancha chose to express his Love in the

Sp Sierra Morena.

lealt, T HE History relates that as soon as the gy
of the Woful Conntenance saw himself a-

this fone, after this first exercise of frisking and tumbling,
the merry Prelude to-his amorous Penance; j

and: WY he ascended to the top of a high Rock, andthere ,
began {:riously to consider with himself what Reud'it
WF solution to take in that nice Dilemma which had
and Wl already so perplex'd his mind ; that is, whether |
ave I heshould imitate Orlando in his extraordinary Fury, .
0108 W or Amadss in his melancholic Extravagancies. To I
beak © which purpose, discoursing with himself, 1 do not
Legs: © much wonder, said he, at Orlando's being so very
et W waliant, conidering he was inchanted un such a
t be FF manner, that he cou'd not be slain but by the
thrust of a Pin thro the bottom of his Foot,
ad ; WF which he sufficiently s:cur'd, always wearing seven
f bis. WF iron Soles to his Shoes : and yet this avail d him
cedy F nothing against Bernardo del Carpio, who under-
BY flanding bis Enchantment, squeez'd him to death ©
etween his arms at Rencevalles. But setting aside |
bis Valour, let us examine his madness ; for that
be was. mad, is an unquestionable truth, nor is it
{kk certain that his Frenzy was occalion'd by the
O 4 allurances

296, The Life and Archtevements

assurances he had that the fair Angelica had resign
her self up to the unlawful Embraces of Med,
that young Moor with curl'd Locks, who was
Page to Agramant. Now after all, seeing he was
too well convinc'd of his Lady's Infidelity, 'tis not
to be admir'd he shou'd run mad. But how can
T imitate him in his Furys, if I cannot imitate him
in their occasion ? For I dare swear, my Dulcine
acl Toboso never saw fach a Moor since she first
beheld the Light, and (he's now the very same (he
was when her Mother ble{t the World with her
Birth : So that I shou'd do her a great Injury
Jhou'd I entertain any distonourable Thoughts «f
her Behaviour, and launch into that wild Ocza
of -madness that toss'd Orlando's Soul. On the
other side, I find that Amdis de Gaule, without
punishing himself with such a Distraction, or e&
presling his Resentments th so boitterocns and ray-
Ing a manner, got as great a Reputation for being
a Lover as any one Wwhatloever : For what
I find in History as to his abandoning himself to
sorrow is only this : He found himself disdaind,
His Lady Oriana having charg'd him to get out
her sight, and not presume to appear in her
Presence till she gave him leave 5 and this wa
the trae Reason why he retir'd to the pwr
Rock with the Hermit, where he gave up himself
wholly to grief, and wept a Deluge of Tears
till pitying Heaven at last commiserating his At
Aiction sent him relief in the height of his A
guish. Now then since this is true, as I know I
, 1s, what need have I to tear off my Clothes, to
rend and root up these harmless Trees, or troul
the clear Water of these Brooks, that must give

me Drink when I am thirsty ? No, long live the
Memory

elignd
he was
tis not
IW Can
te him
ulcineg
ie fst
ine {he
ith her
Injury
ts of
Ocean
2n the
'1thout
or ex:
id ray-
Or ber
what
{elf to
Jaind,
in her

1mself
his Athis
At
les, to

ive the
emotry

and the Praises of Dulcinea.
none were ' found entire . and, legible - þut these

of the Renows*d Don Quixote.” 297. |

Memory of Amadis de Gaule, and let: him be
the great Exemplar which Dor: Quixote ae la
Mancha chuses to imitate in alt things that will

admit of a Parallel, So may it - be {aid of the

living Copy as was said of the . dead Original,
that if he did not perform great things, yet no
Man-was more ambitions of undertaking 'em

than he : And tho I am not disdain'd nor discarded

by my Dulcinea, yet *tis sufficient that I am
absent from her. Then 'tis refolyd ! And now
ye famous Actions of the great Amadzs, occur to

my remembrance, and be my trusty guides to follow
his Example. This said, he call'd ta mind

that the chief exercise of that. Hero in his Retreat

was Prayer : To which yuoen our mo-
dern Amadzs presently went an
Rosary of, Gauls or Acorns instead of Beads ;

made himself a

but he was extreamly - troubled: for want of . an

Hermit to hear his Confession, and comfort hin:
in his AMiction, However he entertaiu'd himself
with his amorous Contemplations, walking up and
Cown the Meadow, an
Conceptions in the smooth. Sand, and upon the Bark

writing some Poetical

of Trees, . all of 'em expreslive . of his . Sorrows,
But:.unhappily

STANZA'S that follow.

Te lofty Trees, with spreading Arms,
The Pride and Shelter of the Plain ;

Ye bumhlcr Shrubs, and-slow'ry Charms

Which here in springing Glory reign !
If my Complaints may Puty move,
Hear the sad Story of. my Love !

05 i While

290: The Life and 4tchievements.
q While with me here you pass your Hours,.
4 Should you grow faded with my Cares,
Fll bribe you with refreshing Show'rs ;
Tou foall be water'd with my Tears.
Distant, tho.present 4n Idea,
1 maurn my absent Dulcinea
Delt Tobofo..

Tave's traeft-Slave.. despairing, chose
Tins lonely Wild, this desert Plain,
The silent witness of the Woes
Which he, tho guiltless, must. sufta;n.
Unknowing why these Pains he bears,
Fe Groans, he Raves, and he Despairs,
With lingring Fires Love racks my Sowl:: -
In vain I grieve, im vain lament :
Like tortur'd Fiends, 1 weep, I howl,
Agd-burn, yet never can.Repent. .
Di:Bant. tho present in Idea, _
T mourn my absent Dulcinea
Del-Toboss, *

Wihile T thro. Honar,s thorny I/ays
In: search of distant Glory rove,
Halignant Fate my T oyls repays |
WWith.zndless Woes, and bopeless. Love, _
Thus I on, barren Rocks. despair,
And curse my Stars, yet bless my. Fair,
Love arm'd with Saakes has left his Dart...
Agdl now does Ike .@ Fury rave,
And. scourge, and fling-on ev'ry. Part,
And into Madness lash his Slave.
Distant, tho,present in. Idea, .
J manrn my atjent Dulcinea .
De I Toboso, A

This,

Wo of the Rerown'd Don Quixote: ”. 299

This ridiculous Addition of del Toboso made. those
who had found those Verses afterwards.laugh heartily
and they imagin'd that when. Don Quixote
made them, he was afraid that those who should
happen to read '*em would not understand onwhom
they were made, shou'd he omit to mention the
Place of his Mistress's Birth and Residence : and
this was indeed the true Reason, as he himself atterwards
confess'd.. With this Employment did
our disconsolate Knight begnile some tedious hours,
Sometimes also he express'd his Sorrows in Prose,
sigh'd to the Winds, and call'd upon the Sylvan
Gods, the Farms, the Naiades, the Nymplss of
adjoining Groves, and the mournful Eccho, imploring
their Attention and Condolement with repeated
Supplications : at other Times he employ'd
himself in gathering Herbs for the support of
languishing Nature, which decay'd so fait, what
with this {lender Diet, and what with his studied
anxiety. and intensenels . of hy my « that had
Sancho stay'd but three Weeks from him, - where- -
as.by good Fortune hz staid but three Days, -the
Knight: of the woful Countenance: wou'd. . have
been reduc'd to that meager and dismal Condition,
that his very Mother wou'd never have known .
the Child of her own Womb. .
But now 'tis necessary we: show'd leave him a- -
while to his Sighs, his Sobs, and his.amorous Ex- .
nations, and see how Sancho Panca behav'd ::
mfelf in his Embassy.. . He made all the haste he. -
cou'd to get out of the Mountain, and then taking
the 'diret Road to T oboso, the next Day hearriv'd ..
tar the Inn where he had been toss'd in a Blanket, .
Scarce had he descry'd the fatal Walls, but a sud- -
den shivering seiz'd his Bones, and he fancied him---
sell. to be again dancing in the Air ;. so that he had...

<A good mind to have rode further before he bait.

-£d, tho”twere Dinner time, and his Mouth water'd

strangely at the thoughts of a hot bit of Meat,the rz--
ther as he had liv'd altogether upon coldV ictualsfor |

a long while. This preedy longing drew him near

the Inn in spight of his aversion to the Place ; but

yet when he came to the Gate,he had not the Ccu-

ragetogoin,butstop'd there, not knowing whether
he had best enter or no. While he fate musing, .

two men happen'd to come out, and believing they

knew him, look, cry'd one to the other, 1s not

that Sancho Panca, whom the Hoyse-keeper told

us her Master had inveigled to go along with him?

The same, answer'd- the other ; and more than

that, he rides on Don O#4ixote's Horse, Now

these two happen'd to be the Curate and the Barber,
who had brought his Books to a Trial, and |
a{s'd Sentence on '*em : Therefore they had ny. }

ooner said this, but they call'd to Sancho, and askd

him where he had left his Master ? The trusty

Squire presently. knew 'em, and having no mind

to discover his Master's Cundition, told 'em his
Master was taken up with Business of great Con- }

quence at a certain Place, which he darst not

ditcover for his Life. No, no, Sancho Panca,

cryd-the Barber, you must not think to put .us

« off with a slim slam. Story ; if you won't tell os
where he js, we shall believe you have murder'd 1
| ?* him and robb'd. him of his Horse ; therefore el- |
ther-satisfy us where you've left him, or we'll have |

you lay'd by :the Heels. * Look you Neighbour

<,quoth Sancho, 1 an't afraid of Words d'ye see; I

am neither a Thief nor a Manslayer ; I kill no Bo-

« dy,-1 uo Body kill me; I leave every man to fall

W { by his own Fortune, or by the hand of him that

WW : nadebim. Asfor my Master, I left him a fris:

a Madman ; he rent

his blubber Cheeks, and gave
Nose in a Moment.

Mountain to'his heart's Content. After this, with-

out any further entreaty, he gave 'em a full Ac-_

count of that Business, and of all their Adventures,

how he was then going from his Master to carry
a Letter tomy Lady Dulcinea del Tobosg, Lorcnzo
Corchuelo's Danghter, with whom he was up to the

® ears in Love. The Curate and the Barber stood

4maz'd hearing all these particulars ; and tho they
already knew Dor Quixore's madness but too well,

they wonder'd more and more at the encrease of
it, and at so {irange a Cast and variety of Extrayagance.

Then they defir'd Sancho to show 'em
the Letter : He told 'em *twas written in a Pocket-

Book, and that his Master had order'd him to get-
\ it fairly transcrib'd upon Paper at the next Village

he should come at. Whereupon the Curate pro-
mising to write it out 'very* fairly himself, Sancho

put his Harid in his Bosom to give him the Table-
Book ;, but tho he fumbled a great while for't, he

could not find it there, he look'd, and look'd a-
Fain, but it bad been all in vain, tho he had search'd
till Doom's-day for he came away- from Dor
Quixote without it. This put* him into a cold
Sweat, and made him turn as pale as Death ; he

fell a searching all his Clothes,turn'd his Pockets in-
side outwards, fumbled in his Bosom again : but
being at last convinc'd he had it not about him, he

fell a raving and — and cursing himself like

both hands, befisted his own forgetful Scull, and
imfelf a bloody
The Curate and the Barber
ask'd him what was'the matter with him, and why

{ he punish'd himself at' that strange rate ? I deserve
alt all, quoth Sancho, like a butts headed, cockle --

brain'd

of the Renown?d Don Quixote. zor |

ing and doing Penance in the midst of yon

is Beard from his Chin with

FOO ang Tees gen J

J02-- The Life and' Atchievements

brain'd Moon-calf as I am, for Josing at one Cast-ÞY /
no less than three Aﬀes, whereof the least was. Wl |
worth a Castle. How so, quoth the Barber! Why, I} «
cry'd Sancho, I've lost that same Table-Book,where- FF} 1
in was written Dulcinea's Letter, and a Bill of I} 1
Exchange drawn by my Mister upon his Niece for Þ |
three of the five Asses which he has at home; PF
and with that he told 'em how he had lost his own. 4 Þ |
But the Vicar cheer'd bim up, and promis'd him.
to get him another Bill of Exchange from his Mas- |
ter, written upon Paper, whereas that in the Ta }. 1
ble Pook not being in due form, would not have - Þ} *
been accepted. With that Sancho took CLnrape,
and told 'em if it were so, he car'd not a straw for
the loss of Dulcinea's Letter, for he knew it almost |
all by Rote. Then prethee let's hear it, said the |
Barber,and we'll see and write it. In order to this - Þ
Sancho pausd and began to-siudy for the words; |
reekagls he fell a scratching his thick Scull, he
stood first upon one <8, then upon another, gap'd |
upon the Skies, scowl'd upon the Ground, knit his. | |
Brows, rub'd his Forehead, lay'd onz hand upon,

his Eyes, and. bit his Nails with the other; and
at last after he bad. gnaw'd almost. half of 'em, .

and kept the Curate and the Barber a long, while |
waiting to hear this rare Letter repeated ; od
nigs, cry'd he, good Mr. - Doctor, the Devil's -
F _ int ! May I be choak'd if I can remember a word

of this confounded Letter, but only that there was
at the beginning, H.gh and subterrane Lady, S0- -
veraign or superhuman Lady, you weu'dlay, quoth:

the Barber. Ay Gafter, quoth Sacho, you're

the right—Put stay now, I think I can remember
some of that which follow'd ; ho ! L have it, I hat
now—#He that is wounded, and wants Sleep, sends-.
W you the Di; — waich he wants himself — that

Rabb'd

ft "1 bim to the + a cel the gry does
\« # ki your Worfhips Hands—mith my Desire—sweet--
hy, y nes del. Toboso ;, and thus '* went on

rambling a good while with I don't know what:

wy more of Fainting and Rel:ef,. and: sinking, till at last: 'f
for he ended with Tours till Death, The Knight of the 'q
ne; I Wefu Countenance, The Curate and. the Bar- 'F
vin. 4 & br were mightily pleasd with Sancho's excellent. Þ
him. |, Memory, infomuch that they defir'd him to re-. i
fat. peat the Letter twice or thrice more, that they f
Ta- Þ. night also get it byheart,and write it down,whictt- '
ave Sancho did very irecly but, every time, he made .
ve, many odd Alterations and Additions, as pleasant. |

for © asthefirst, Then he told 'em many other T hings.
ost of his Master, but spoke not a word of his own-_
the | being tossd in a Blanket at that very Inn : He al- '
this Þ & told 'em that if he brought a kind Answer from. |
d&: the Lady Dwulcinea, his Maiter wou'd forthwith set- - F}
G out to see and make himself an Emperor, or at
pd |} lasta King; for so they two had agreed between j
Ly F themkclyes, he said, and that after all 'twas a. li
pon mighty ealy matter for his Master to become one, ;
lach was his Prowess- and the strength of his .Arm.. Þ
em, Which being done, bis- Master wou'd marry him |
bile | t&- one of the Empresse's Damsels, and that fine |
of... # Lady was to be Heiress to a. large County on the
ril's . # main Land, but not to any Island or Islands, for

#3 BETH 2

ord | It was weary. of 'em. Poor-Sancho spoke all this

xas | fafriously, and so feelingly, ever and anon rub- |

$5 . | ding his Nose, and stroking his Beard, that now
oth: | the Curate and the Barber were more lurpriz'd ;
in than they were. before, conlidering the prevalent.

ber Influences of Don Quixote's Folly upon that. silly
hat | ceculous Fellow, However they did not think it. {
worth their while to undeceive him yet, seeing «4

was only a_ harmless Dcluion that might di- - |}
vert

virt 'ema while ; and therefore tlrey exhorted him
to pray for his Master's Health and long Life, see
ing it was no impoilible thing but that he might
in time become an Emperor by his Valbur, a
Cardinal, or an Archbiitop at least by his Pr
dence.

But pray, good Mr. Noor, ask'd Sanche,shout
my Master have no mind to be an Emperor, ant
take a fancy to be an Archbishop, I wou'd fain
know what your Archbishops-Errant are wont to
give their Squires ? Why, answer'd the Curate,
they use to give 'em some Parsonage, or Prebend.
ary,or some such other Benefice or Church-Living:
which, with the profits of the Altar, and other
Fees, brings 'emin a handsom Revenue. Ay, but
says Sancho, to put in for that, the Squire must be '
a single man, and know how to answer and assist
at Mass at least ; and how shallI do then, seeing]
have the ill luck to be sped ? nay and besides / don't
so much as know the first Letter of-my Christ
cross-row? What will become of me shou'd it

come into my Master's Head to make himself an
Archbishop, and not an Emperor, as 'tis the
Custom of Knights-Errant ? Don't let that trow
ble thee. friend Sancho, {aid the Barber, well
talk' to him about it, -and advise him, nay urge

it to him as a point. of Conscience to be an Em-

peror, and not an Archbishop, which will be bet

ter for him, by- reason he has more Courage than
Learning, |

Troth, I'm of your Mind, quoth Sancho, tho

be's such a Head-piece that 7 Care say he can tum

Himsclf to any thing, Neertheless I mean to make

it the burden of my Prayers, that- Heaven may d+-

re& him to that which is best for him,and what may

enable him to reward me most, - You a

of the Renowri?d Don Quixote. 305

wise man, and a good Christian, said the Curate :
But all we have to do at present, is to see how we
shall do to get your Matter to give over that severe
unprofitable Penance which he has undertaken.
And therefore let's go in to consider about it, and
at to-eat our Dinner, for I fancy 'tis ready by
this Time. Do you two £o in, if you plealc,
quoth Sacho, but. as for me I had rather stay without,
and anon I'll tell you why I don't care to

on a Doors : however pray s:nd me out a bit of
he ViRtuals to eat here, and some Provender for
Rozinante, With that they went in, and a while
after the Barber brought him out his Ninner, and
returning to the Curate they consulted how to com:
pa their Design. At last the latter luckily bethought
bimselt of an Expedient that seem'd most
likely to take, as exactly fitting Do Onxote's Humour
which was, that he stou'd disguise himself
in the habit of a Damsel-Errant, and the Barber

slou'd alter his Dress as well as he cou'd, so as ro*

pass for his Squire, or Geatleman-Usker. In that
Equipage, added he, we will go to Don Qz:x-
oe; and feigning my self to be a distress'd L'amsel,

I will beg a Boon of him, which he as a va--

lorous Knight-Errant, will not fail to promise me.

By this means I will engage him to go with me toredress
a very great Injury done me by,a. false and

discourteozes Knight z, beseeching him not to desire
to see my Face, nor to ask me any thing abcut my

Circumstances till he has reveng'd me on that:

wicked Knight. This bait will take, I dare engage,
and by this Stratagem we'll decoy him back.
to his own House, where we'll try to cure hin ot
bis romantic Frenzy.

CHAP:

z06 The Life and Atchievements

How the Carat and the Barber put their Design
inexecation : With other things worpA
to be recorded in this Important
History.

HE Curat's Project was so well lik'd by the
Barber, that they instaritly put it into pra-
Etice. First, They torrow'd a compleat Woman's
Apparel of the Hostess, leaving her in Pawn
a new Caflock of the Curat's; and the Barber
made himself a Jong Beard with a grizled Ox's
Tail, in which the Innkeeper ns'd to hang his
Combs, The Eotstels being desirous to know
what they intended to do with those things, the
Curat gave her a (hort account of Don: Cyzxote's
Distraction, and their Design: Whereupon the
Intkeeper and his Wife pretently guest this was:
their Komantick Knight that made the .precious

Balsam ; and accordingly they told 'em the whole .

story of Don Ur:ixote's lodging there, and of
Sancio's being tois'd in a Elanket : Which done,
the Eofte(s readily fitted our the Curat at such a
rate, that 'twou'd have pleas'd any on? to have
{-en him; for she dreis'd him up in a Cloth:
Gown trinm'd with Borders. of black Velvet, e-
very. one the breadth of a Span, ail pink'd and
jaga'd, and a pair ct green Velvet Budice, witi
Sleeves-of the tame, atid fac'd with white Satin ;,
{ © which ACCUUEMEITS p: obably had been wm fab

——_— ae ith " anos dooole cond, bo oor mane AMS coÞcoccoco. ass x as as a VF, oc

on in old Queen Bamba's Days. The Carat
would not let her encomber his Head with Woman's
Headgeer, but only clapp'd upon his Crown
a white quilted _ which he usd to wear a-
nights, and bound his Forehead with one of his
Garters that was of black Taffety, making him-

De- self a kind of a MufMler and Vizard-Mask with:

yor. KB the other. Then he half buried his Head under
his Hat, pulling it down to squeeze in his Ears;

it sem'd a kind of Umbrella. This done, he
wrapp'd himself up in his long Cloke, and up he

ot upon his Side-Saddle like a Woman. I henthe

the Barber clapt on his Ox-tail Beard, half red,

Ras half grizzled, which hung from his Chin down to

his Waste : and having mounted his Mule, they
has took leave of their Rost and Hostels, as also of

Jz's Þ| tle good. conditior'd. Afarirornes,. who vow d, tho.

his the was a Sinner, to tumble her Beads ana say a
a Risary to their Intention,
the But scarce were they got out of the Inn, when

the Carat began to be troubled, with. a Scruple of
the Conscience about his putting on Woman's Apparel,
deing apprehensive of the Indecency, of the

Dilguise i a Priest, tho the go dnels of his Inhote
© {nt might well warrant a Dilpensation from the
of | frifinels of Decoran : Theretore he desir'd the

rave © Plane his own Dignity and CharaQter, to which

oth, © #ier all he ought to have a greater regard than to.

Don Qyixote,withal assuring the Barber, that unless
214 |} Xconlented to this exchange, he was absolutely

ust upon this Demur, and was ready to split his

and as the broad Brim flapp'd down over his Eyes,

o EE ra pos

Barber. that they might change Drefles, thinking __
tin his. Habit of a Squire he shou'd less prorefoly'd

to go no further, Sancho came up with 'em.

Wdes with laughing at the fizht of those ttrange

Masqueraders. In short, the Barber consented to
be the Damosel, and to let the Curat be the Squire,
Now while they were thus changing Sexes, the
Curat ofter'd to tutor him how to behave himself
in that Female Attire, so as to be able to wheedle
Dox Quixote out of his Penance.. But the Barber
Ccefir'd him not to trouble himself about that matter,
assuring him that he was well enough vers'd
in Femalz Afﬀairs to be able to at a Damosel
without any dire&tions. Eowever, he said he
would not now itand fiddling and managing his
Pins to prink himself up, seeing *twou'd be time e
neugh to do that when they came near Doz ow
ote's Hermitage ; and therefore having folded up
his Clothes, and the Carat his Beard, they spurr'd
on, while their Guide S27cho entertain'd 'em with
a Relation of the mad tatter'd Gentleman whom

they had met in the Mountain ; however without
mentioning a word of the Portmanteau, or the
Gold : For as tnuch a Fool as he was, he lov'd to
keep Money when he had it, and was wise enough
to: keep his own Counsel.

They got next day to the place: where Sancho
had ftirew'd the Boughs to direQ him to Dor es

ote, and therefore he advis'd 'em to put on thelt
Duguises, if *twere as they told him, that their
Detign was only to make his Master leave that
wretched kind of Life in order to become au
Emperor. Thereupon they charg'd- him on bis
Life not to take the least notice who they were.
As for Dulcinea's Letter, if Don Ouixote askd
him about it, they order'd him to say he had deliver'd
it ; but that by reason the cou'd neither
write nor read, she bad sent him her ansiver by
word. of Mouth, which was, that on pain Se

Tndis-

Indignation he shou'd immediatly put an end to
his severe Penance, and repair to her Presence.
This they told Sancho, together with what they
themselves delign'd to say, was the only way to
oblige his Master to leave the Defart, that. he
might prosecute his Delign of making himself an
Emperor, assuring -him they wou'd take care

he (hou'd not entertain the least thought of an .

Archbishoprick.

Sancho listen'd with great attention to all these
Instructions, and treasur'd *em up in his mind,
giving the Curat and the Barber a world of

Thanks for their good Intention, of advising his

Master to become an Emperor, and not an Archbishop
for, as he said, he imagin'd, in his simple
Judgment, that an Emperor-Errant was ten
times better than a sneaking Archbishop-Errant,

and cou'd reward his Squire a great deal bet-.

He likewise added, that he thought it wou'd
be better for him to go to his Master somewhat
before '*em, and give him an account of his Lady's
kind Ansiver ; for perhaps that alone wou'd
be safficient to fetch him out of that place, without
putting 'em to any further trouble. They
lik'd this Proposal very well, and therefore a-
gee to let him go, and wait there till he came
ack to give 'em an account uf his Success, With
that Sancho rode away, ' and struck into the
Clefts of the Rocks in order to seek out his Master,
leaving the Curat and the Barber by the

side of a Brook, where the neighbouring Hills,

and some Trees that grew along its Banks, combin'd
to make a cool and pleasant Shade. There
they shelter'd themselves from the scorching Beams
of the Sun that commonly shines intolerably hot

in those parts at that time, being about the middle
of Avgy/t, and hardly three a Clock in the
Afternoon, While they quiztly refresh'd themselves
in that delightful place, where they had -
greed to stay till $c9's return, they heard x
Voice, which tho unattended with any Instr
ment, ravisli!d their Ears with its melodious
sound. And what increas'd their sarprise and
their admiration was, to hear such arttal Notes
and such delicate Mulic, in so unfrequented o
Wild a place, where scarce any Rustics ever straseled,
much less such skilful mr as the Person
whom they heard unquestionably was. For tho
the Poets are pleas'd to fill the Fields and Woods
with Swains and Shepherdefles that sing with all
the sweetness and dclicacy imaginable, yet 'tis
well enough known that those Gentlemen deal
more in Fiton than in Truth, and love to embellith
the Descriptions they make. Nor cou'd
our two listning Travellers think it the Voice of
a Pealant when they began to distinguish the
Words of the Song ; for they seem'd to relish
more of a Courtly Stile.-than of a Rural Cont
polition, These were the Verses.

of the Renxown'd Don Quixote. J18

yy A SONG.

ad q- 7

tru MW | :

dious WHAT makes me languifh and complain ?

» and R O 'tis disdain!

Tot What yet more fiercely T ortures me ?

] a "Tis Jealousy,

{trao- How have I all my Patience lost ?

erson | By Absence crofl,
r tho Then hopes farewel ;, there's no Relief : 4
Toods 1 fiak beneath oppressing Grief. :
th all Nor can a Wretch without despair,
t tis 5077 Fealousy, and Absence bear, {
1 Ceal | x
0 el II.

NR OO

os ag aa Mr GO

ice of What in my Breast this Anguish drove ?

h the — Jntruding Love.
relish What cou'd such mighty ills create ?

Con Blind Fortune's hate,

IWhat cruel Pow'rs my Fate approve ?
The Pow'rs above,
Then let me bear and cease to moan :
Tis glorious thns to be undone,
When these invade, who dares oppose ?

Heav'n, Love, and Fortune are my Foes,

7s ' The Life and Diements

IVhere foall 1 find a speedy Cure ?

Death is a sure.
Io milder Means to set me free ?
Incoastancy.
Can nothing else my Pains assuage ?
Diftratting Rage.
IVhat dye or change ? Lucinda lose ?
O ter me rather Madness chuse !
But judge, ye Gods, what we endure ©
When Death or Madness are a Cure !

The Time, the Hour, the fsolitariness of the”:
Place, the Voice and agreeable manner with which”
the unseen Musician sung, so fill'd the Hearets';
Minds with Wonder and Delight, that they were
all attention ; and when the Voice was silent,
they continued so too a pretty while, watch
ing with list'njng Ears to catch the expedted
Sounds, and expresling their satisfaction best by.
that dumb Applause. At last suspeRting it wout:
{ing no more, they resoiv'd to find out the charms
ing Songster but as they were going to-t-
tempt it, they heard the wish'd for Voice bee
\ gin another Air, which fix'd 'em where they
itood, till it had sang the following Sonnet,

which *

carety\,

silent,

vatchwould

to: At- T

w ; ; im:dy Dress cgfounl he Ba

Peace ahd Truth renew,

Shbw the False from the rrue;
2 ' Natinte must ro- Chaos fall.

Fa. . þ Sonner concluded with a deep Sigh, and
WhSotfal Throbs char rHe Carare ard rhe Barber
10v ont'of Pity, 24 well as Curiosity before; xre>
ow Gans dom who this mouwrnfety

Mad” not'gort far; whett by the
xs A 'd.4 Man whose Sh Fri
@'anfwerd exadtly ro the Deferipricti which
ha given *er of Cardemio. ey; obsery'd
te stoy'd shorr as sooft as he spy'd* 'eit; yer

1 wur ary signs of fear ; only he hung down' his
Et Ct hc

pup his Eyes to mind what they did; The
s who was 2 good anda well spoken: Mai,

Key guetfing him to be: rhe fame of whom

giret! them an accourt, wetit rowards
P hitn,

314 ,- The Life dtd; Achievements *
him, and addrefling himself ro him wirh C
vility and , Discreuon, earnestly increatl him 4
forsake this Deserr, 'and/a conrse of Life so wrewle
ed and forlorn which endanger'd his Title to aber
er, and from a wilful. Misery might make hinviglf};
into greater and everlasting. Woes. - Cardenio "wish;
then free from the Distraction that so ofren distudalÞ

his Senses; yer seeing rwo Persons in a Garb:whollys;
different from that of those few Rusticks who ts
games these Desarts, and; hearing ''em-ralk-as if 5
they were no Strangers tohis Concerns,he-was sote-| x
what furpris'd ar first ; howeyer having lookdupg | y
m earnestly for some time, . Gentlemen, , fit, I
whoever ye be, I find Heaven pirying my Mishr-| x
runes has broughr ye ro these Solitary Reglajhs't6
retrieve me from rhis afrighrful Reriremeng/1an
recover me to rhe Society of Men. Bur eva
you do not know how unhappy a Fare arrendsmie
and thar I never am freed from one AfﬀMiction, jby

ro fall into a greater, you perhaps rake me {x a} þ
Man narurally endow'd with a very small ftogk
Sense, and whar's worse for one of those Wrelithes |
who are altogether depriv'd of Reason :. and; pd ed |
I cannot blame any one that entertains'Wneh $3
thoughts of me ; for even I my self am conyilied If
that rhe bare remembrance of my Disasters wie 0
diftracts me to that degree, thar losing all SenF## F&
Reason and Knowledg I unman my self for &# fl
time, and launch into rhose Extravagances whilhh lj
nothing - bur the height of Frenzy and Madng&yl
wou'd commir. And I am the more sensible of , ]
being troubled with this Distemper, when Pealthy
tell me what I have done during the ViolenceW I
thar terrible Accident, and give me too cefti
Proofs of ir. And after all I can alledg no ot ti
Excuse bur rhe Cause of my Misfortune which of {i

Hafon'd A _ coats and therefore tell the
For of my hard. Fare ro as many as have rhe parito
hear it; for Men of Sense, perceiving the
er 0 Cause will not wonder ar the E , and rho”
y can five me' ho Relief, yer at least they will
J'”] Sodemn mez for 2 bare Relarion of my
ah "mast needs make %*em lose their Refentwholly]
men of the Effedts of my Disorder into a Comre-0
pafflon "of my miserdble Fare. Therefore, Gen-
&iff lem i, * YL. you come here with thar design, I beg
you give your selves the trouble of rep|
forme po advising me; you will be pleased ro at-
Relation of my Calamities. For
ou've heard ir you will think *empast
d so will save your selves the labour you
The Curare and the Barber who de-"
ing more than to hear the Story-from his
mMourt, were extremely me of his Proffer ;;
mthaving affur'd him, they had no design'to ag-
#0 ehis "Miseries with pretending to fentedy *ern,
xt bu'd they cross his Inclinations in the least;
hey Wrreated him. ro begin his Relation.
aeed bi "Th unforrunare Cardenio then began his Story,
n&wehr on with rhe first part of ir, almost in the
I Vords as far is wheh he relared ir ro Don
Abs tote and rhe Goatherd, when rhe Knighr our
4-of bs superstitious Niceness to observe the Decohivalry

gave an Interruprion to the Relanu
toon by dC abour Mastet EliZabat, as we
SIWve” alrcady said. Then he went on with that
leg of = concerning the Lerter sent him by Lucinda;
wal but ich Don Ferdinand had unluckily found, hapence
fhming to be by, atid ro open the Book of Amadii de
| « we first when Lucindasenc it back roCardenio with
kt Lerrer ih it berween tlie Leaves; which Car;
SB told *ertt was as follows.
o f. C3 Liciada

316 The Life and Atthitumettt. ©
Lacinds to C ardenio.. .

I discoum in. you. every Jo much Mae,
mags, bo Tg fn ens
you, think this ckaonledgment £6, Yourwautage,
wake that use of it mh which. is mosh c, Wh
with Your Honguz and ming. I have a: Father That, ws

Yaut, and is too kind a Parent ever to ohstrafs ng
figus when be shall be Satisfied with, their being: just
and honourable: Sv that "tis nom-your part som þ 4
love me as you pretend, and I belzeve; |

This.Lenex, coptimed Caxdenio, Lira we kin
once more, to demand. Lucida of: her Eatherinl
Marriage, and was the same that cncreasd, Dufff:
Ferdinand's Esteem for her, by that discovery {her
Sense and Discrerion, which so enflam'd kis youll
char from that Mometu he secretly resolv'd ri "
stroy my Hopes e're I cou'd. be so happy as wo c =
em with Success, I told. har , peracious tl
what Lucinda's Farher had advis'd me ro do, q
I rashly had ask'd her for my Wife before, and tha :
I durft nor now impart this to-my Father, he d
shou'd - not willingly consent I shou'd marry-J
Nox bur that he knew, that her Quality, B 5 «
ard. Virtue, were. sufficient ro make her an Om
ment to the noblest House in. Sp43z, bur bec;
was. apprehensive.he wou'd not let me marry ny
flaw. whar the Dake wou'd do, for me. Don. Fen
214nd with a pretended officicusness proffer'd ms

speak. to. mp Re bore 20 and persuade him to. ek

7 nn Ungraceful |. deceitful] F
ambitious. Mara ! cryel Catiline ! fu) 9Y ls
perfidious Galalon! faithless Velida ! gs -

miserable Judas | ! Thon all rhose
Men in one, talse Ferdinand ! Whar

d thar fond confiding Wrerch done rhee,
> thee unbosom'd all his Cares, all the
0 Secrets of his Soul ? Why shoud'ft
ore and injure me who still endeavour'd ro discharge
your. 4b je a Friend, and scru'd up Fri al.
wh molt 0-1 itch of Love ? Bur oh! I rave
4s hunt | [ile I shou'd rather accuse the Cruel >
F | hand Starg\, whose faral Influence pours Mischi
0. z high no Earthly Force can resist, nor —_—
soon m " t, Who wou'd have thought rhar Dow
1% ; whose Qualiry and Merir inritled him
-- © wo the lawful Posserlion 'f Beauries of the highest
£0 nn 3 heir Foot ag by a tho enx
i inacks of Eriendship and: Services, shou't!
us his Honour and his Trurh, and lay such
7 fe ns kherous Design ro deprive me of all rhe Hap-
Wy þ of my Life ST Bur I must leave expostularing
wy rg. weed my Srory. The Traytor Ferdinand, thinks
hy Es mb Project unpracticable while I stay'd near
bargain'd for six fine Horses the same day
6, rhe protnis 'dro speak ro my Father, and ptevall
ently ard n me ro ride away to his Brother fot
a bred to pay for 'em, Alas I was so far from sus..
ary jnBpeding his Treachery, thatT was glad of doing hing
7, Beallliith rn of Service. Accordingly I went that
an ) wreay Evening to rake my leave of Lucinda, and rs
becauleell-her what Dor Ferdinand had promised ro do,
rry il. & bid me rerurnwith all the haste of an
Don, Fing aver, not doubting bur our lawful Wishes might
rd 8 ecrown'd as soon as my Father had spoke for me
eg ner's, When she said this, F mark'd her trickons
Tears, and a sudden Grief o obstructed her
ce aieech, thar, tho she scem'd ro strive ro tell me
cio; thing more, she cou'd not give it utterance.

318 . TheLife and Atchieventtnts ©
This unusual Scene of Sorrow strangely azmnaz'd and
mov*d me; yer because I.wou'd not m hope,
I chose ro attribure this to the rendernesgof her Af
section, and unwillingness to part with nie. In short
away I went, buried in deep Melancholy; -and full
of Fears and Imaginarions, for which I'cou'd give
no manner of Reason. I deliver'd Don Ferdinand
Lerrer ro his Brother, who receiv'd me with all the
Kindness imaginable, bur did nor dispatch mea
I expected. For to my Sorrow he enjoyn'd men
tarry a whole Week, and to rake care; the Dyke
might not see me, his Brother having seat for M6
ney unknown to his Father, Bur this was onlya
Device of false Ferdinand's ; for his Brorher did na
want Money,” and might have disparch'd me immediately,
had he nor. been privately defir'd to defer
my Return, , - pM
is was so displeasing an Injunction thatÞws
ready to have come away withour rhe Moneyj-not
being able to live so long absenr from my Ludindy
incipally considering in whar Condition I hadleti
br. Yertat last I forcd my self ro stay, and my
xespect for my Friend prevail'd over my Impatienc
Bart e're four tedious Dow were cexpird, - a Me
senger brought me a Letter which I presently kn
£0 be- Lucinda's Hand, I open'd it with trembling
Hands and an aking Hear, justly imagining it wa
no ordinary Concern that cou'd urge her ro |
rhither ro me.” | And before I read ir I ask'd th
Messenger who had given't him ; he answerd mel
that, going by accidenrally in rhe Streer abour Noollh |
in our Town, a very handsom Lady, all in Tea
had call'd him to her Window, and with great it
cipiration, Friend, said she, if you be a. Christa 7
as you seem tro be, for Heaven's sake rake this La
xer and deliver it with all specd inro rhe Periong

z0ut Not
in Tea

grear Ii

Chriftun
c this 1a

of the Renoww'd Don Quixote 319
own Hand, ro whom 'ris directed : I assure you,
in this you't do a very good Action; and,” that you
not want Means ro do it, rake whar's wrapp'd
up in this3' and saying this, she-threw mea Handkerchief
wherein I found a' hundred Reals, - this
Gold Ring' which you''see,* and rhe LerrerF now
vghr you: which done; T having made her signs
ro lecher know I wou'd do'as she defir'd; withour
soma as staying for an" Answer, the wenr” from
the'Grate, * This Reward, bur much mote that.
beautiful Lady's Tears and earnest Prayers,” made
me post away to you that very Minure, © and so in_
fixreen hours, I have rravel'd Eighreen' long
Leagues* - While rhe Messenger spoke, I was feiz'd'
with sad: Apprehenfions of 'some' faral ' News, * and
such'z trembling shook 'my ' Limbs, that I cou'd”
searce support my fainting Body. However, raking
Conrage, at last I'read rhe Lerrer; rhe Contents of
which were thesc, Fr

Don Ferdinand, according to his promise, has defird
your Father to speak to mine ; but he has done that
for himself which you had engap'd him to do for you ;
fer be has demanded me for his Wife ; and my Father,
allnr'd by the Advantages which be 'expets from * such
an Alliance, has so far consented, that two Days hence
the Marriage is to be perform'd; and with such privaty
that only Heaven ani some of the Family are to be
Witnesses. Fudpg of the Afﬀlittion of my Soul by ' that
concern which I guess fills your own 5 and therefore haste *
to me, my dear Cardenio. The Issue of this business
will show how much T love you. And grant propicious
Heaven,this may reach your Hands ere mine is in danger
of being joyn'd with his who keeps his Promises so #/.

Pats x

389: - The Life avd Atchiovanitnts ©
7 I bag + __ end the Leer, added Cardenj,
Bt away W, WHKNOUT Waiting my Dispatch ich;
for zhen1 wo plainl discovers Don Ferdingnds
Treachery, apd that he had only sent me to hi
Brother to take the advantage of my. Absegg
ah Love and Impaiience gave me Wing,
sohax. gr home privately the next Day just-whey
it grew auskish, in good rime to speak with Laan
i; and leaving my. Mule art the honest Mays
Hogse who brought me the Lerter, 1 went xo wait
upon my. Mistress whom I luckily found at-the
Window, the anly Wirness of our Loves, She
presently knew me, and I her, but she did nor wel-
Fa me as I expected, nor did I find her in fucha
ress as I though suitable ro our Circumstances,
But what Man of Assurance dares bur pretendys
know thorowly the Riddle of 4 Woman's Mind,
and who cou'd ever hope to fix her mutable Naw
ture ? Cardenio, said Lucinda to me, my Wedding W
Clothes are on, and the pcrfidious Ferdinand with
my coveraus Farher, and rhe rest stay. for me inthe
Hall, ro perform the Martiage Rares ; but they
shall saoner be Witpesses' of my Death than of my
Nuprials. Be nor troubled, my Dear Cardenis;
bur rather strive ro be present ar rhar Sacrifice,
I promise thee, if Entrearics and Words cannot
prevent-it, I have a Dagger that shall do me Jub
rice ; and my Pcark ar least shall give thee undenk
able Assurances of my Love and Fidelity. = |

Alarexa, at the Fon-gate. In Spain the Lovers mal if

their Convtship at a low Window that has a Grate v:jortth

having seldom Admission into the How'e till the old Proplt aki
they bave agreed, * -* _

OIBSY
] ER. -- bo

3 such a
rend 16
Mind;:
ble No

Hifarder d-thar I did nor know whar I said, ler your
Adians verify your Words. Let us leave nothing

L £g that may ({erve Our Common Interests;
and Ja ure you, if my Sword does nor defend * =

Lazinda heard me, for the was call'd away in great
My Spirit forsook me when she lefr me, and my

meour of this ftupifying Astonishment, I gor inrs
being there in a hurry ; and going into the Hall [

that perplex'd and rofsd my Soul while I Reod j

1 7 thar were Carnation and White, and the splendor
Ys of the Jewels that carich'd her Dress in many pla-

'4.I ro her with Precipirarion, and so

well, 1 will turn ir upon my own Breast, raher than
outlive my Disappointment. Icannot rell whether

haste, rhe Bride-Groom impariently expecting her.

Sorrow and Confusion cannor be express'd. Me- |

I aw rhe Sun ser for ever ; and my Eyes
and -my Senses partaking of my Distraction, Icou'd
nor so-much as ipy the Door to go into rhe Hoase, |
and seem'd rooted to the place where I stood. But - #
atlaft rhe Consideration of my Love having rousd |

House withour being discover'd, every thing 4

hid my (elf behind rhe Hangings, where two pieces {|
of Tapftry mer, and gave me liberry to see with.
ont being seen, Who can deferibe rhe various
Thoughts, .rbe Dofibrs, the Fears, rhe Anguish,

waiting there! Don Ferdinand enter'd the Hall not

hke a Bride-Groom, bur in his useal Habir, with
only a Cousin Getman of Lucinda's, the rest were

the People of rhe House, Some time aftcr came
Lucinda her self, with her Mother, and rwo wairing

Women. I perceiv'd she was as richly drest as - |
was consistent with her Quality, and the solemniry |
of the Ceremony ; bur the Distraction thar possess'd |
my Soul lent me no time to nore-particularly the
Apparel the had on. I only mark'd the Colours

ceSz

322 The Life and Atchevements ©
ces ; bur nothing equal'd the lnstre of her Beaury.
thar adorn'd her Person much more. than all rhose'
Ornaments. Oh Memory, thou faral Enemy of my.
Ease, why doft rhou now so faithfully represent rs
the Eyes of my Mind Lucinda's - incomparable:
Charms ? Why doft thou nor rather show me
what she did then, that mov'd by so provoking #/
Wrong, I may indeavour ro revenge ir, or ar least
ro dye! Forgive me these redious Digreffions, Gentlemen
! Alas, my Woes are none of those thar'can
or ought to be related with Brevity ; for ro me
every Circumstance seems worthy to be enlargd
upon. |

he Curate affur'd Cardenzio, that they atrended:
every word with a mournful Pleasure rhat made:
m greedy of hearing rhe least Passage. With
thar, Cardenio went on. All Parties being mer, said:
he, rhe Priest enter'd, and raking the young Cow-' '
ple by the Hands, he ask'd Lucindz whether she |
were willing to rake Dor Ferdinand for her Wedded
Husband ? With thar, I thrust out my Head from
berween the rwo pieces of Tapstry, listening with
anxious Heart to hear her answer, upon which depended
my Life and Happiness. Dull heartless
Wretch thar I was! Why did I nor then shew my
self! why did I not call to her aloud, Consider what
thou dost Lucinda, thou art mine, and can'st not be
another Man's : Nor can'{t thou speak now rhe fatal
Yes, without injuring Heaven, thy self and
me, and murthering rhy Cardenzo, And rhou, perfidious
Ferdinand, who dar'lt ro violate all Rights,
borh human and divinc, ro rob mcof my Treats
Can'st thou hope to deprive me with impunity of
the comforr of my Life? Or think'it rhou rhar any
Consideration can stifle my Resenrments when my
Honour and my Love lye at stake 2. Fool thar I am!

eaury

those!

of myent

t0-
able
least
At-Can

largd

ended.
made:
With
er, said'

icr she

edaed
from
z with
ch deartless

at any
1en my
clam!

[-*eaiet MEE
at nA b-

be Renoww'd Dori Quixote. 323

now-that "tis roo late,. and: danger is far distant, -I

fy what I shou'd haye done, and nor wharl did
thentdAfrer I've suffer'd the Treasure of my Soul
tobeftolen, I exclaim against rhe Thief whom-T
might have punish'd for the base Arrempr, had I had

bur so much Resolution tro revenge, as I have now

tocomplain. Then ler me rather accuse-my fainr
Hearr that durst not do -me right, and ler me dye
herelike a Wretch void both of Sense and Honour,
the outcast of Sociery and Nature. The Priest
stood-wairing for Lucinda's Answer a good while before
she gave it; and all rhar time I expected the
wou'd have pull'd out her Dagger, cr unloos'd her
Tongue ro plead her former Engagement ro me.
ro my eternal Disappointmenr I heard her
at Igft with a feeble Voice pronounce the faral 7es ;
and then Don Ferdinand saying the same, and piving
her the Ring, the sacred Knot was ty'd, which
Dearh'alone can dissolve. Then did rhe fairhless
Bridegroom advance-ro embrace his Bride, bur she
laying her Hand upon her Hearr, in that very Moment
swoon'd away:in her Mother's Arms. - Oh
what Confusion seiz'd me, whar Pangs, ' what Torments.
rack'd my Soul, seeing rhe Falshood of Luenda's
Promiles, all my hopes shipwrack'd, and rhe
only thing thar made me wish to live, for ever ravis'd
from me! Confounded and despairing,l look'd

Jon my self as abandon'd by Heaven to rhe Cru»

Ity of my Destiny ; and the Violence of my Grief
stifling my Sighs, and denying a passage to my
Tears, I felr my sclfrransfix'd with killing Anguish,

and burning - with jealous Rage and Vengeance.

Inthe mean time the whole Company was troubled

at Lucinda's {wooning ; and as her Mother unclasp'd;
her Gown before, to give her Air, a folded Paper:
was found in her Rosom, which Don Ferdinand 1m-
OY mediarely

mediarely snarch'd, then stepping a lirtle is
I read ir by rhe light of my
Tapers. And as soon as he had Qdone, he as
were, ler himself fall upon a Chair, and rhere i»
sar with his Hand upon the side of his Face; with
ell rhe signs of .Melancholy and Disconrenr, as un.
mindful of his Bride as if he had been insenfibleef
her Accident. For my own part, seeing all the
House thus in an uproar, I resolv'd ro leave the
hared Place withour caring whether I were seen or
not, and, in casc I were perceiv'd to act suchade.
perare part in punishing rhe Trayror Ferdinnd, that
the World shou'd ar once be'inform'd of his Perfidi.
ousness, and the Severity of my just Reseannem, '
Bur my Destiny that reserv'd me for more lasting
Woes, allow'd me rhen rhe use of rhar small remainder
of my Senses, which afterwards quite for.
fook me : So thar I left rhe House withour revet
ging my {elf on my Enemies, whom I cou'd haye
easily fsacrific'd ro my Rage in this unexpected
Disorder; and I chose to inflict upon my self tor ny
Creduliry, the Punishment whuch their Infidelity
desery'd. I went to the Messengers House where
T had left my Mule, and without so much as bidding
him adicu, I mounted and lefr the Town like
another Lore withour turning ro-give it a pant
look ; and as I rode along the Fields, Darknessand
Silence round me, I vented my Passion in Execrath
ons against the treacherous Ferdinand, and in as loud
Complaints of Lucinda's breach of Yows and tt
gratitude. Thus abandoning my self to rhese temuous
Thonghrs, I rode on all that Night, and

7 . Sbourtreatof Day I struck into one of the Passes '

tharlead into these Mountains ; where I wander'd
for three Days together withour keeping any Road,

rill at last coming to a certain Vally thar lies some-
X* ns | where

OS of rhese Rocks.
made all the haste I cou'd
4 rateful Mankind, When I came among
ray bra my Mule through wearinefs and hun
fell down dead, and I my self was so weak, far

g-- dejected, being almost' famish'd; and with»

all deflirute and careless of Relief, that I soon laids

uts, I mer some Shepherds of wham.
d rhe. way to the most craggy and inaccess
They durected me, andro
get thirher, resalv'd:
nger out my hated Life far from the Converie:

4 wn; or rather fainted on the Ground;
xteT lay a.considerable while, I don't knowhow:

long, exrended like a Corps. When I came ro my:

self again, I got up, and cou'd nor

ve 0 had

percerv
any Apperite to eat: I found some Goarherds by:
me I suppose, had given me some Suftenance,
tho.T were not sensible of their Rehef; For they

me in what a.wretched Condition they found

judg'd I had quite lost my Senses.
since that had but roo much cause to think thar my
Reason sometimes leaves. me, and that I commir

those Extravagances which are only the Effects of

senseless Rage and Frenzy, rearing my Clothes
howling thro* these Desarrts, ling the Air with

and Lamentations, and idly repeating a
d times Lucinda's Name, all ny Wishes at

hat rime being ro breath out my Soul with:the dear

Ward upon my Lips ; and when I come:to my self;
Iam commonly so weak and so weary, thar I am
carce-able to stir. As for my place of Abode, *ris

wually some hollow: Cork-Tree, inro which
# Night; and there those few Goatherds

Carle browse on; the yy Ing es ee
omett! ve

of pity

and.. Christiare Chariry,

leme-Victuals far rhe-support of ns |

me, staring and talking so strangely, rhar they. g*
I have indeed

n For even-when 'my Reason'is:absenr, Narute*pai
forms irs animal Functions, and Inftindt guides mes:
to satisfy'it. Sometimes rhese good People AP

mein my lacid Intervals, and chide me for r#kins.
that from *emrby force and by furprize,' which'they'
are always so ready ro give me willingly ; for wh,
Violence I can make no other excuse bur rhe Ext!
tremiry of my Distraction, Thus must 1 traps)
miserable Being, till Heaven, pitying my Aﬀicti
ons, will cither par a Period to my Life, or * blox')
our of my Memory perjur'd Lucinda's Beaury and*
Ingratirude, and Ferdinand's Perfidionsness. Cov
I bur be so happy e're I dye, I might then hope'ty
be able in time ro compose my frantick Thoughts:
bur if I must despair of fach a Favour, I hiye n0/
other way bur ro recommend my Soul ro HeayenF
Mercy; for I am nor able to extricare my Body nor
my Mind out of that Misery, ity which I have yn”
Aa, happily plung'd my self. | m
% PIs : ol
Thus, Gentlemen, I have given you a fairhfWl
account of my Misfortunes. - Judg now wherhe&
was poflible I shou'd relate *em with less Concern,
And pray do nort*lose time to prescribe Remedies
to a Patient ' who will make use of none. I wil
and can have'no health withour Lucinda : Since she
forsakes.me, I must dye : She has convinc'd me by
her Infidelity rhar she desires my ruin ; and, by my
unparallel'd Sufferings, ro the- [ast TI will strive!
/ convince her desery'd a berter Fare. Let merheti;
suffer on, and may I be the only unhappy Cream
whom Despair cou'd not relieve, while the Impots
bility 'of | receiving: Comfort moves a Cure ro #
many other V-.erches. E
Here Cardez:i9 made an end of his moutnful Stol
xy, and justasthe Curate was preparing to givehim
some proper Consolation, he was prevemte = -

Rs i e-

{F doleful Accents of ,anorher Complaint that engag'd
2 emto new Attention. Thar the account of thar
e *n&'F Adventure is reserv'd for rhe fourth Book of this
rain] History; for our Wise and Judicious Historian Cid
chthey'f Hamer Benengels purs here a Period ro the thixd;

1 -DETa®

oa A tort Li eos

C.F CA EET
ody nor Þf + © —___—_—

have un-:

fairhfll'Þ- +

2 Wgzyn> TENS 5:
*>119 IS T133+3©

CE ADVERTISEMENT. *

To s Morals ; being his three Books of Office
newly English d, with Notes explaining the
Merhod and Meaning .of the Author, In
Primed for Sam. Buckley: in:St.; Paul's. Church-yark

Pre $-- ry
LE Fd 4
bs £ en

Of the RENOWNED
4 DON QUIXOTE
"1 Dea MANCHA.

| © OE NIE

f Otel Written in Sparish by

A Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
ch-yarhy =”
a Translated from the Original by
« IM several Hands :

— And publish'd by Mr. Mottenx,

Y © L. -k

LOND O N:
Printed in the Year 1712.

Ree et

To the Honourable

Edward Coke, Esq; |

T was the Practice of most

I Authors in the last Age, to

prefix their own Pictures to

their Books ; but our presence

Writers, much happier in their

Politicks, have chosen to set off

their Produtions with nobler |

Frontispieces, prefixing the Ef» |

bgies of Persons of Quality and |
Yol.ll, *P. Meric

f& he Dedication.

Merit to recommend. their Works
to the Woild. This Practice,
Sir, though very prudent, is in
many Cales very presumptuous,
To draw in the Wit and Perfections
of a fine Gentleman to
patronize the Impertinence and
Folly of some insipid Piece, may
bring the Patron's Merit, and the
Author's Modesty, very much in
Question. But here, Sir, I make
bold to say, that I have suited
my Book to my Patron. The

great Cervantes begs the Protection
of the Noble Mr. Coke. The finest |

Flowers, principally those of Foreign
Growth, require the higheli
Shelter and the warmest Sun.
Then where should Wir fly in
these tempestuous Times, but
where the Nobility and Greacnels

T he Dedication.

ths of a House may protec it from
ct | the Storm; where a generous

Hospitality emboldens ir to intrude,
and the Warmth of Fortune
may cherish and enliven it 2?

ir TheBlefling of a plentiful Estate
an” || sets you above all Anxietics in
oy, this Life, and the Riches of your
Mind secure your Happiness in
the future. To double your Foros
F tune, you have a charming and
Th yercuous Partner to {hare ir : She
a makes your Life truly happy, for
© ft your Desires are at home. There
Fo- Cervantes expects a candid Recep- -
est | 13 he knows that where the
w Mind is eafie, the Sentiments will
q . be mild ; he chuses to be enter-
Jn tained where he shall find no Di- |
be versions but what are innocent
p and ingenious, like his own.

ZZ 2 Your

The Dedication.
Your youthful Thoughts have

been so improv'd by conversing
with the best Authors, that what
is the Study of others, is now
your Recreation ; and those Years,
which among many are thrown
away in superficial Vanities, were
by you employ'd in admiring the
authentick Worthies of History,
and in modelling your Life by
their great Examples. Among
other Observations that you have
made on this Subject, you found,
that the greatest Men have flill
been the greatest Patrons. Hence
flows your Candour and indulgent
Favour to Wit and Learning
and from hence the declining
Stage finds the Benefit of
your generous Support. Yout

Judgment in Dramatick Poetry

have
what
cars,
rown
were
fe by
mong
have
ound,
e {till
lence
ndul-
Leardecly

fit of
Your
oetry

The Dabicatios

can separate the Improvement
and Morality of the Scene from
the Viciousnels of an Exposd
Character ; and you can receive

the true Diversion of a wellwrought

Play ; for where-ever
Vertne 1s rewarded, your Merit
is justly complimented.
On this Consideration D. Quixote,
being in a manner a dramatick
Piece, lays aClaim to your
Protection ; and those who have
the Honour of your Conversation,
must draw this Remark from
your nice Taste, and judicious
Sentiments on that Subject and
other polite Studies, T hat the
Beauties of Cervantes are properly
your own ; Instruction withour
Severity, Learning without Pedantry,
and the Sense of Philolophy

The Dedication.
lolophy in the Words of a Gentleman.

|
These Motives, Sir, were sus.
ficient of themselves to make me
beg your Acceptance of this
Work, sure of the Approbation
of those ingenious Gentlemen who
have done me the Favour to joyn
with me in the Translation of
this Volume. But I had till a
further Engagement to this Address,
my own private Ambition
of owning to the World how
much I have been obliged to
your Generolity, And I cannot
forbear complimenting my ell
upon the Countenance of a Person
of your Merit, for whom
I have so great a Respe&t. This
Occasion, Sir, might engage me
to make you an. Authors Ac
know-f

The Dedication.
knowledgment, were not your
Vertues so far above the Reach
of my Pen. Yet, as long as this
Work shall endure, your Favours
shall be found upon Record, and
that I am,

Your most Humble

and most Obliged Servant,

FE. M otteux.

Life and Atchievements
Of the Renowned

Don Lu:rxotede Ia Mancha.

PART IL
BOOK IV.

CHAT. 5

The pleasant new Adventure which the Curate
and the Barber met in Sierra Morena,

OST fortunate and happy was the Age
that usher'd into the World that most
daring Knight Don Nxixete, de la Man
+ cha! For from his. generous Refolurionto

revive and. restore the 'ancient Order of
£1 II. Q 2: * Knight.

Knight-Errantry, that was not only . wholly neg.
lefed, but almost lost and abolish'd, our. Age bar,
ren in it (elf of pleasant Recreations, derives the
pleasure we reap from his true History, and the
various Tales and Novels with which 'tis inter.
mixt, in some RespeQs ag entertaining, as artful,
and authentick. We told you, that as the Cyrate :
was preparing to give Cardenio some seasbnable '
Consolation, he was prevented by a Voice whose
doleful Complaints reach'd his Ears. O Heavens!
cry'd the unseen Mourner, is.it possible I have at
Jast found out a place thar will afford a. private
Grave to this misciable Body, whose Load I'sq
repine to bear ? -Yes; if the silence and solitude of
these Desarts do not deceive me, here I may dye
conceal'd from human Eyes. Abme! Ah wretched
Creature! To what Extremity has AMiCtion
driven me, reduc'd to think these hideous Woods
and Rocks a kind Retreat !*Tis true indeed, I may
here freely complain to Heaven, and beg for that.
Relief which I might ask in vain of false Mankind ;
for *tis vain, I find, to seek below either Counsel
Ease, or Remedy. The Curate and his Company
who heard all this diftinQaly,justly conjeQtur'd they
were very near the Person who thus express'd his
Grief, and therefore rose to find him out. They
had not gone above twenty Paces7 before they
spy'd a Youth in a Country Habit fitting at the,

oot of a Rock behind an Ash-tree; but t
cou'd not well see his Face, being bow'd almg
upon his Knees, as he sar washing his Feet ina
Rivuler that glided by. They approach'd him so
sofily that he did not perceive 'em: And, __
was gently paddling in the clear Water, they
time to discern that his Legs were as white 4
Alabaster, and so taper, so curiously proportion't, |

and so fine, that nothing of the kind couw'd appetf

eet ind.

him so

x hire 4
ortion

da ppeir Ws >
p Fs. \
Y I At

nivre beautiful.
this Discovery, rightly imagining that such tender

Peet were not us'd to trudge in rugged ways, or '
measure the steps of Oxen art the Plough, the com--

mion Employments of People in such Apparel ;
and therefore the Curate who went before the
rest, whose Curiosity was heighten'd by this sighs,
beckon'd to 'em to step aside, and hide themselves

behind some of the litcle- Rocks that were by ;

which they did, and-from tlience making a stricter
/Observation,they found he hid on a short Jerkin of
coarse russer Cloth ty'd abour his Waste, with a

ckind of Linnen Scarf, and a pair of Breeches of the

fame, rogether with a Thrum-cap under which his
hair was turn'd up. Afﬀeer he had wash'd his Beer,
dry 'em he pull'd out from under his Cap a
kerchief that partly hid his Cheeks; and
with that looking up, he discover'd so charmin
#ÞFace,so-accomplish'd a Beauty, that Cardenio cou?
mor' forbear saying. to the Curate; that since this
Was not Lucinda, 'rwas certainly no human Form,
batan _ And then the Youth taking off his
Cap; and shaking his Head, an incredible quantity
of lovely Hair slow'd down upon his Shoulders,

und not only cover'd 'em, but almost all his Body;

by which they were now convinc'd, that what
they at first took to be a Country Lad, was a
young Woman, and one of the most beautiful
Creatures in the World. Cardenio was not less
Ferpriz'd ' than the other two, and once more de-
thtr'd; that nb Face could vie with hers but Lucin-
ts's.. To part her deshevel'd Trefses, she on!

8d her slender Fingers, and at the same time dis-
cover'd so fine a pair of Arms and Hands, so
White and lovely, that our three admiring Gazers
igraw more impatient to know who she was, and

3 made,

Our observers were amaz'd at:

49 br IIS mee tres, or re

mov'd forwards to accost her. At the noise they |

OBS Io ret rr rr errno _

Wit + cone BR AC and AL

33o The Life and Aichievements

made, the pretty Creature started ; and peeping
thro” her Hair which she hastily remov'd from be.
fore her Eyes with both her Hands, she no sooner
saw three Men coming towards her, but ina
mighty fright she snatch'd up a little Bundle that
I>y by her, and fled as fast as she cou'd, without
so much as staying to put on her Shooes, or do up
her Hair. But alas! scarce had she gone fix steps,
when her tender Feet not being able to endure the
rough Encounter of the Stones, the poor affrighted
Fair feH on the hard Ground ; so that those from
whom {he fled, hast'ning to help her,Stay, Madam,
cry'd the Curate, whoever you be, you hare no
reason ro fly : We have no other Design but to do
you Service. With that, approaching her, he took
her by the hand, and perceiving she was so disorder'd
with Fear and Confusion that she could
not answer a word, he strove to compose. her mind
wich kind Expreflions. Be not afraid, Madam,
continu'd he ; tho' your Hair has betray'd what
your Disguise- conceal'd from us, we are but the
more difpos'd to assist you, and do you all manner
of Service. Then pray tell us how we may best
Jo ir. I imagine it was no slight occasion that
r-ade you obscure your singular Beauty under so
unworthy a Disguise, and venture into this Desar,
where it was the greatest. Chance in the World
that &er you met with us. However, we a
is not impossible. to find. a Remedy for your Mllfortunes,
since there are none which-reason arid
time will not at last surmount : And therefore,
Madam, if you have not absolutely renounc'd

human Comfort, I beseech you tell vs the Cause of

your Afﬀi&ion, and assure your se]f we do net

aik this out of meer Curiosity. but a real Desire 0
serve you, and either to condole or aflwage you!

Gricf. wor”
While

Peeping
from beo
sooner
but in a
adle that
YI do

fix steps,
dure the
frighted
ofe from
Madam,
have no
ut to do

times upon one,

doubr of my past Condu@ and m
by an affeQed Reservedness.
having made- this Answer, with a modest Blush-
and extraordinary Discretion, the Curate and his

While the Curate endeavour'd thus to remove

the trembling fair one's Apprehension, she stood

amaz'd, staring, without speaking a Word, some-
sometimes upon another, like
one scarce well awake, or like an ignorant Clown
who happens to see some strange sighr. Bur at
Taft the Curate having given her time to recolle&
her self, and persisting in his earnest and civil Intreaties,
she fetch'd a deep Sigh, and then dis-

closing her Lips, broke silence in this manner.

Since this Desart has not been able to conceal me,
and my Hair has betray'd me, *twou'd be needless
now for me to dissemble with you ; and since
you desire to hear the Story of my Misfortunes, I
cannot in Civility deny you, after all the obliging
Offers you have been pleas'd to make me: Bur

yer, Gentlemen, IT am much afraid, what I've to
say wi!l but make you sad, and afford
Satisfa&tion ; for you will find my disasters are

ou little

not to be remedy'd. There's one thing that
troubles me yet more; it shocks my Nature to
think I must be forc'd to reveal to you some

Secrets which I had design'd to have bury'd in

my Grave : But yer considering the Garb and the

Place you've found me in, I fancy 'twill be better

for me to: tell you all, than to give you occasion ro
present Designs
he disguis'd Lad

Company, who now admir'd her the more for her
Sense, renew'd their kind Offers and pressing
Sollicitations ; and then they modestly" let her.

retire a Moment to some distance to put her self
Which done, she return'd, and © *- $

in decent Order.
being all: seared on the Grass, after she had-us'd
no small Violence to smother her Tears, she thus

began her Story. Q 4

of the renown'd Don Quixote. 33r

PD ws 7 9 Sa AS
WP OY DSS IE

T was born in a certain Town of Anudaluzis;.
from which a Duke takes his Title, that makes
him a Grandee of Sp#iv, This Duke has two
Sons, the Eldest Heir to bis Estate and Virtues,.
the Younger Heir to nothing I know of bur the
Deceir and Perfidiousness of the greatest Traitors
that ever liv d. My Father, who is- one of his.
Vassals, is but of low degree ;: but so very rich,
that, had Fortune equall'd his Birth to his Estate,
he cou'd have wanted nothing more, and I perhaps
had never been so miserable ; for I' verily
believe, my not being of noble Blood is the chief
occasion of my Ruin. And: yet my Parents are
not so meanly born neither, ag-co have any cause:
to be asham'd of their Original. *'Tis true, they.
have been Farmers from Father to Son, yet without
any mixture or stain of infamous or scandalous
Blood. They are good old Christians (ix
we call our true primitive Spaniards) and- the
Antiquity of their Family, together with: their
large Posscflions, andthe Port they live in, raises.
em much above their Profession, and has by lit-
tle and. little almost universally gain'd 'em the
name of Gentlemen, setting 'em in a manner @-
gual ro many such in the World's Esteem. AsT
am their only Child, they ever lov'd me with ill
the tenderness of indulgent Parents; and their
great AﬀeQion made 'em esteem themselves happier
in their Daughter, than in the peaceable Enjoyment
of their Jarge Estate. Now as it was 0y
good Fortune to be posless'd of their Love, they:
were pleas'd to intrust me with their Wealth:
The whole House was left to my Management,
and I took such Care not to abuse the Trust they

repos:d in me, -that I never forfeited their
opinion of. my Discretion.” The time I h_

2 4 the renowwd Don Quixote. 333

spare from the Care of the Family, I commonly
imploy'd in His Oey! Exercises of young Women,
sometimes making Lace, or at my Needle, and
now and then reading some good Book, or playing
on, the Spanish Harp ;; having experienc'd that
Mock was very proper to recreate the wearied
Mind : And this was the IROCEn Life I led.
T have not descended to these Particylars out.of
yain Oftentation, but meerly that when I come
to relate my Misfortunes, you may observe I do
not owe 'em to my 11 Condu@. hile I thus
liv'd the Life of a Nun, unseen as I thought by
any body bur our own Family, and never leaving
the House but to go ro Church, which was commonly
betimes in. the Morning, and always with
my. Mother,. and so close hid in a Veil that I
cou'd scarce find my way:; notwithstanding all
the. Care that was taken to keep' me from being

Teen, 'twas uahappily rumour'd abroad that I was

andsome, and: ro my eternal Disquiet Love intruded
into my peaceful Retirement. Don Ferdinand,
second Son to the Duke I've mention'd,
Scarce had Cardenis heard

ud a sight of me
Jog -Ferdinayd nam'd, but he chang'd Colour, :
By petray such a Disorder of Body-and Mind, +

the Curate and the Barber were afraid he
wou'd have-fallen into one of those frantick Firs
that often us'd totake him. Bur by good Fortune
x did not come to thar, and he only set himself
to look stedfastly on the Conasry Maid, presently

guelling who she was; while she continu'd her

ory,, without taking any.aotice of the alterati-: -

Pn of his Countenance.

No sooner had he seen me, said she, but, as he - - 4

since told. me, he felr in his Breast that violent
Passion of which he afterwards gave. me so many
Proofs, "But not to tite you with a needless Re-

Qs lation

Jation of every.Particular, I will pass over all the
Means he us'd to inform me of his Love : He
purchas'd the good Wilt of all our Servants with
private Gifts: He made my Father a thousand
kind Offers of Service : Every Day seem'd' a day
of Rejoycing in our Neighbourhood, every Even»
ing usher'd in some Serenade, and the continual
Musick was even a Disturbance in the Night;
He got an infinite number of Love Letters rransmitted
to me, T1 don'r know by what meanz,
every one full of the renderest Expressions, Promises,
Vows, and Protestations. But all this
afsiduous Courtship was so far from inclining my
Heart to a kind Return, that it rather mov'd my
TIndignation z insomuch that I look'd upon Don
Ferdinand as my greatest. Enemy, and one wholly
bent on. my Ruin : Not bur that I was well e-
nough pleas'd with his Gallantry, and took a
secret Delight in seeing my self thus courted by a
Person of his Quality. Such demonstrations of
Love are never alrogether difpleasing to Women,
and the most disdainful, in spight of all their
Coyness, reserve a little Complaifance in their
Hearts for their Admirers. But the disproportion
between our Qualities was too great. to suffer me
ro entertain any reasonable Hopes, and his Gat
Jantry too singular not to offend me. Besides,
my Father, who soon made a right ConstruQian
of Don Ferdinand's Prerensions, with his prudent
Admonitions concurr'd with the Sense I ever had
of my Honour, and banish'd from my Mind all
favourable Thoughts of his Addresses. However,
like a kind Parefti, perceiving I was somewhat
unealy, and imagining the flatrering Prospe&'of
so :dvantagious a Match might stil} amuse me,
he rold me 'one day he repos'd the utmost Trust
in ty - Virtue, - efteenting it the Rrapgest ON

——_ i Mp e——— _ -.
T4 "2 cn
oy £4 s ls IE” ”
——_—_— on wage”
SCE —- CA;
- % ry _ dev nem agi

LOR : PET DEIND Re EF IS _
OT pu Ra rar oe?

r all the
7e : He
nts With
p Aa ay
y Evenontinual

Night;
EIS Tall
means,
ns, Pro»
all this
ning my
ov'd my
zon Don
wholly
well e-
took a
ted by a
tions of
Women,
11 their
In their
»portion
Mer me
his Gal
Besides,
trugion
prudent
ver had
Mind all
Owever,
mewhat
spe& 'of
use me,
& Tcuft
est Ob»
stacle

was likely to cut off all his Hopes.
therefore when I-was in' my Chamber, no Body:
with me. but my Maid, and the Door double-

lieve he wou'

undeniable proofs of his vow'd Integrity ; and I

ftacle he could oppose ro Don Ferdinand's disho*

nourable Designs; yet if I wou'd Marry, to rid

me at once of his unjust Porfuir, and prevent the

ruin of my Reputation, I shou'd have Liberty to

make my own choice of a suitable Match, either
in our own Town or the Neighbourhood; and

that he would do for -me' whatever con'd be ex-

&ed from a loving Father. ' I humbly thank'd

him for his Kindness, -and rold him; that as I had
never yet had any Thoughts of Marriage, T wou'd

try to rid my self of Don Ferdinand some ' other

way. Accordingly I refolv'd to shun him with so
much Precaution, that he shou'd never have the
Opportunity to speak to me : | But all my re-
serv'dness, far fro |
\'strengthen'd it the more.' In short, Don Ferdinana,

tiring cout- ' bis - Passion,

either hearing or suspeQing F was to be marry'd,
thought of a contrivance to cross a Design-thar
One Nigtit

lock'd and bolted, that T might be secur'd against
the Attempts of Don Ferdinand, whom I took to
be a Man who would stick at nothing to compass
his Designs, unexpeRedly T' saw him just before

me; which amazing sighr- so surpriz'd me, that
I was struck dumb; and- fainted away with Fear.

So I had _ JOY call for help, nor do I be-
] & have. given me time to have done
it, had I attempted ir; for he presently ran to
me, and taking me in his Arms, while I was
sinking with the Fright, he spoke to me in such
endearing Terms, and with so much Address,
and pretended Tenderness and Sincerity, that I

did not dare to cry out when I came to my self.

His Sighs, and yer more his Tears, scem'd to me

being

being but: young, bred; up, in perpetual Retitemeat
fcom all Society but my virtuous Parents,
and unexperienc'd in those Aﬀairs in which even
the most knowing are apt-to. be mistaken, my
yeluQtanc + ws Degrees, and I began te have
some Sas of Compassion, yet none but what was
consistent with my Hove ; However, when!
was pretty. well recover'd from, my right,
my. former Resolution return'd ;. and then, with
aoxe Courage than | thought I shou'd have had,
My Lord, said I, if fame time that you offer
me your Love, give me sach strange Demonstration
of it, you wou'd also offer me Poison,
and Leave to- take my chpice, I woy'd soon re.
solve which to accept, and convince you by my
Death that my Hogour is dearer to me than my
Life. To be plain, I can have no good opinion
of a Presymption that endangers my Reputation;
and unless you leave me this Moment, I will
effeQually make you know how much you're mistaken
in me, that if you have but the least sense
of Honour lefr, you'll repent the driving me to
that Extremity as long as you live, I was bom
your Vaslal, but not you Slave; nor does the
greatness of your. Birth privilege you to injuze
your Inferiours, or exa& from me more than the
Duties which all. Vassals pay}: That excepted,
I do not esteem my self less in my low Degree,
than you have reason to value your self in your
high Rank. Do not then think to awe or dazzle
me with your Grandeur, or fright or force me into
a base Compliance; I am not to be tempted
with Titles, Pomp, and. Equipage, nor weak e-
nough to be mov'd. with vain. Sighs, and false
Tears. In short, my Will is, wholly at my
Father's Disposal, and. I will not entertain any
Man as a Lover but by his Appointmear. 20G

Lord. Cannot I be

am Yours |
Egive you here my Hand to be yours, and: yours

that no new one cou'd make her more unforfore,

my Lord, if you- wou'd have me believe

you so sincerely-love me, give over your vain and
mjurious Pursuit ; suffer 'me- peaceably to enjoy
the benefits. of Life in the free possession. of
Honour, the loss of which for ever imbirrers all
Life's Sweets ; and since you cannot be my
Husband, do not expe& from me that AﬀeRion
which I cannot pay to any other. | Whar do you
mean, charming Dorothea? cry'd the dious
yours by the sacred. Title
of Husband'? Who can hindes me, if you'll bur
consent to bless me on those Terms? Too hap=
py if I have no other Obstacle to surmoune. TI
this Moment, beautiful Dorothea; see,

alone for ever : And let all-sceing Heaven, and
this Holy Image here on. your Oratory, witness
the solemn Truth. D:

Cardenio hearing her call her self Dorothea, was
now fully satisfy'd she was the Person whom he
took her to be : However he wou'd not inter-

J w her Story, being impatient to hear the End

of it; only addrefling tiimsfelf ro her, Is then
Dorothea, Madam ? cry'd he: I have

of a Lady of that Name whose Misfortunes
have a. great Resemblance with yours. But pro» /
ceed, F beseech you, and when you have done, I
may perhaps furprize you with an Account of
things that have some Affinity with those you
relate. With that Dorothea made a stop to study
Cardenio's Face, and his wretched Attire; and'then '
earnestly desir'd him, if he knew any thing that
concern'd her, to let her know it. presently;
telling him that all the Happiness she! had Test;
was only the:Courage to bear with Resignation all
the Difiters that might befal her, weH assur'd

tunate

338 The Life and Ajchievements
ranate then she was already. Truly, Madam, re-
ply'd Cardenio, I wou'd teH you all L.know, were
I sure. my Conjeftures were'true!; | but so far as]
may judge by what I've heard: hitherto, I don't
think ic material to tell it: you yet,: and [ shall
find a more proper time to do it.. Then Dorothes
resuming her Disconrse, Don: Ferdinana, said she,
repeated his Vows.of Marriage :in the most serious
mariner;; and . giving me- his. Hand, ” 76urpogs me
his Faith with .;the most binding Words; and |
sacred Oafhs. ': But before 1; wou'd: let} him eg-
gage himself thus; *I advis'd him to'have a Care
how he suffer'd an unruly Pashon to get the
Ascendant over his Reason, to the endangering of
his future Happiness. My:Lord, said I, let net
a few transitory and: imaginary. Charms, which
cou'd. neyer excuse such-ad excess:of. Love, hurry
you to your Ruin : Spare :your:noble Father the
Shame and Displeasure of seeing you marry'd to
a Person fa:much below: yaur Birth ;' and do not
rashly do a thing of which you may repent, and
that may make my Life uncomfortable. I added
several other Reasons to dissuade bim from that
hasty Match, but they 'were all unregarded.. Don
Ferdinand, deaf to every thing but ro his. Desires,
engag'd and bound himself like an inconsiderate:
Lover, - who sacrifices all things to his
Passion, or rather like a Cheat, who does not
value a Breach of Vows. When I saw himfo
obstinate, I began to consider what I had todo,
I am not the first, thought I to my self, whom
Marriage has rais'd to unhop'd for Greatness, and
whose Beauty alone has supply'd her want of
Birth and Merit: Thousands bestdes Don Ferainans
have marry'd meerly for. Love, -without any re
gard to the inequality of Wealth or Birth. The
opportunity was fair and tempting; and as Forruae

rune.is not always favourable, * I thought it an

imprudent” rhing to' ler it bp.” Thought T'to

who assures me of an 'inviolable AﬀeRion, wh
should I by an unreasonable Denial make my se
an Enemy of such a Friend ? And then there was
one thing more; I apprehended it would be
Irngerous ro drive him"to Despair by an il:tim'd

Refusal :' Nor could T' think Ty, self Tafe alone
in his Hands, Test he should resolve to farisfy his
Passion by Force ; which done, he might think
himself free from performing a' Promise which I
wou'd not accept, and then I shou'd be left with.
out either Henour or an Excuse ; for it wou'd be
no- easy matter to perswade my Father, and the
censorious World, . that this Noblte-man was admitted
into my. Chamber 'without my Consent.
All these Reasons, which in' a Moment offer'd
themselves in my Mind, shook my former Resolves;
and Don Fer#inan#'s Sighs, his Tears, his
Vows, and the sacred* Witnesses by which he
swore, together with his graceful Mien, his extraordinary
Accomplishments, and the Love which
I fancy'd I read in all his Aions, help'd to bring
on'my Ruin, as I believe they would have prevail'd
with any one's Heart as free and as well
arded as was mine. Then I call'd my Maid to be
itness of Don. Ferdinand's Vows and sacred Engements,
which he reiterated to, me, and conrm'd
with new Oaths and solemn Promises ; he
call'd again on Heaven, and on many particular
Saints, to witness his Sincerity, wishing a thousand
Curses might fall on; him, in cafe he ever violated
his Word. _ Again he'sigh'd,” again he wept, and
mov'd me more and more, with *fresh Marks of
AﬀeRion 5” and the treacherous Maid, having left

the Room, the perfidiqus Lord presaming on my

Weakness,

EI. net ws OI:
SS =X." (PIE

SIE aI—_—
v- TAO

mo roi

mn DEE ent a.
O er ncth, nn Aras So =

inopdts
to leave me,

1t to me, pavacly, took care to let
hia out into the Street. by Break of Day, while }
remain'd so strangely np at the thoughts
of all these Passages,. thae' I cannot well cell
whether I was sorry, or plead. I. was in a manner

quite distraQted, : and; either forgor, Þ had'not

the Heart to chide my Maid: for her rachel
not knowing yet wheelier she Had done me Go
or Harm. ad: told Den Ferdinand before he
went,. that seeing. I was: now- his own, he might
make. use. of the same means to come again to sce
me, till he found it convenient to. do me the
Honour, of owning, me ry for his: Wise;
But he came to me only. the next Night, and
from that-time I never couid see: him more, neither
at Church. nor in the Street, tho" for a whole
Month. together I tir'd my Self enfeazonring Þ
find him out ; being credibly inform'd he was
near us, and went a Hunting almost every. Day,
T leave you to think with what uneasiness. I passd
those tedious Hours, whey I perceiv'd his Neg
le&, .and had reason - to: sulpe& his Breach |
Faith. $0» unexpeRed a. Sligbt, .which I look'
upon as the ;most sensible Aﬀfiiftion that con'd-be-

© Fal me, had Jike to have quite overwhelm'd me,

Then it was that I found my Maid hail betray'd

Desigi
y Night

he coud

so greit
$ before,

n a Man»
xr! .ndt
reacher
ne Gol
efore he
he might
zin to se
me the
is: Wie;
gli, and
neither
a whole
Juring ,
ery: Day,
Wo pai
his Neg

reach i
I look

ou'd-be-
Im'd me,
betray'd

me;: I broke out:into severe Compl

Presumption, which I had smotber'd till that
time. 1 exclaim'd against Don Ferdinand, and exhausted

my Sighs and Tears without asswaging -
my Sorrow. What. was worse, I' found my self

oblig'd to: ser a guard upon my very Looks, for
fear my Father and Mother shou'l inquire into the

cause of'my. Discoatene, and so occasion my being

guilty. of shameful Lies and Evasfions to: conceal

my moreshameful Disaster. Burt at last I perceiv'd-

rwas in vain todissemble,and I gave a Loose to my

Resentmentsz for I'cou'd no longer hold-when I-

heard that Don Ferdinand was marry'd in a neighbouring.
Town to a young Lady of rich and noble

Parentage, and extremely. handsom, whose Name+

is Lucinds, Cardenio hearing Lucinds nam'd, felt
his former Disorder, but by good Fortune it was
not so violent as it us'd to be,and he only shrugg'd

his 'ShouJders, bit his Lips, kair his Brows,

and « little while after ler fall a shower-of "Tears, -
which did ' not hinder - Derothea from going . on:
This News, continv'd she, instead of freezing up -

my Blood with Grief and Astonishment, filfd me
with burning Rage. Despair crook posscesiion of my

Soul, .and in the transports of my Fury I was ready-
to run raving thro” the Streets; and\ publish Don
Ferdinand's, Dilloy

alty, tho” at the expence of my

Reputation. I don't know whether a remainder

of Reason Sod these. violene Motions, but F+

found my self mightily cas'd as soon as I had

iech'd upon a Design that presently came into my -

ad, I discover'd the Cause of my Grief to a

young country Fellow that serv'd my Father, and -

defir'd him to lend me- a Suit of Man's Apparel,

and to go along with me to the Town where I -

htard Don Ferdinsnd was. The Fellow us'd thebest

Arguments he had -to hinder me- from so

stcange

aints of: her:

strange an Undertaking ; but finding I was in.
Mexible in my Resolution, he assar'd me he wi
ready to serve me. Thereupon I pur en this Habit
which you see, anditaking with me some of my
own Clothes, together with some Gold and Jewel;
not knowing but I might have occasion for 'en,
F fer out thar very Night, attended with that Ser.
vant and many anxious thoughts, without so
much as acquainting my Maid with my Design,
To rell you the truth, I did nor well know my
self what I went about ; for as there could be no
remedy, Don Ferdinand being a@ually marry'd to
another, what could I hope to get by seeing him,
unless it were the wretched satisfaQtion of upbraiding
him with his Infidelity ? In two days anda
half we got to the Town ; where the first thing I
did was to inquire where Lucinda's Father liv'd,
Thar single question produe'd a - great deal more
than I desir'd to hear ; for the first Man I addressd
my self to, shew'd me the House, and inform.
me of all that had happen'd at Lucinda's Marriage;
which it seems.was grown so publick, that it 'wis
the talk of the whole Town. He told me how
Lucinds swoon'd away as soon as she had answerd
the Priest, that she was contented to be Don Frdinand's
Wife; and how, after he had approach'd
to open her Stays to give her more'room to breath,
he found a Letter under her own hand, wherein

/ | she declar'd she cou'd not be Don Ferdinand's Wife,
/ / because she was already contratted to a considerable

Gentleman of the same Town, whose Name
was Cardenio; and that she had only consented to
that Marriage in obedience to her Father. He
also told me, that it appeac'd by the Letrer, anda
Dagger which was found about her, that she design'd
to have kill'd' her self after the Ceremony
was over; and that Don F:rainand, ny Op ”

larriage;
t it 'wis
me how
nswer'd
Jon Fetproach'd

) breath,
wherein
s Wife,
onsider-
2 Name
nred to
er. He
r, and a
she deremony

d to see

himself

himself-thus deluded, ' would have kill'd her him-

vented by those that ' were present.

self with that very Dagger,” had he.not been pre-
He . added,

/ *ewas reported, that upon this Dun Ferdinand immediately

left the Town ; and that Lucinds did
not come to her self till the next Day, and then.
she told her Parents, that she was really Cardeniv's
Wife, and that he and she were contrasted before

\ she had seen Don Ferdinand. I heard also that this

plaints of Lucinda's Breach

where they should never hear of him more.

Cardenio was present at the Wedding; and that as
soon as he saw her marry'd, which was a thing he
could 'never have believ'd, he left the Town in
despair, leaving a Letter behind him full of Com-
Faith, and to inform
his Friends of his Resolution to go to some pace

was all the Discourse of the Town when I came

thither, . and soon after we heard that Lucinds also
was misling,. and that her Father and Mother were

«grieving almost to' Distration, mot being able to

Jearn' what was become of her. For my part, this

{News revivd my. hopes, having. Reason ro be

Pleas'd to find Don Ferdinand unmarry'd. I flatter'd

my self. that. Heaven: had perhaps prevented his

second Marriage to make him sensible of his vi-

olating the first, and to touch his Conscience, in
» order to his:acquitring himself, of this Duty like a
Christian, and a- Man of Honour. -. So I strove to

beguile.my Cares with an imaginary prospe&@ of a

far distant Change of Fortune, - amusing my self

with vain hopes that I might nor sink under the

load of Affliction, but prolong, my Life ; tho' this

was. only, a lengthning of my Sorrows, since I

(have now bur the,more reason to wish to be eas'd

of the trouble of living. Bur:while I staid in that

» Town, not knowing what I hzd best to-do, seeing

1 eoy'd not find Don Ferdinand, I heard a Crier

publickly

publickly describe my Persohn,,my Cloaths, aid thy"
Ape, in the'open Street,” promiting' a confiderabile:
Reward to any - that *cou'd* bring: Tidings of
Dorothes. - T also. beard that 'rwas rumour'd £ wa
ran away from my: Father's House with the Servant
Who attended me; arid that Report touckdmy
Soul as much as Don Ferdiranit's Perfidiousness;
for thusI saw my Reputation wholly Jost,and that!
t6do for a Subje& so base and so unworthy of my
nbbler Thoughts. - Thereupon I made all rhe baste
I tou'd to yet out of the Town with my Servant,
who even then; to my thinking, began by some
Tokens to berray his taultermng in the Fidelity he
had: promis'd me. Dreading to be dilcover'd, we
reach'd the most despart part of this Mountain that
Night: Bur,” as *tis a -common Saying, that Mistunes
feldem come alone, and the end of one
Disaster i3 often the beginning of a fones I was
no-sooner got to that Flace; where: I thought my?
"(oF safe; but 'the Fellow, whom IT had bicheno:
foucid'to'be modest and respeQful; now-rather-it-
cited by-his own Villany, ' andthe Uh rin
which that place offer'd, than by any thing
© kad rhe 'impudence to talk ro me. of Love ; and:
ving T'a r'd him with Anger and Contempt,
wou'd no Jonger lose time in clownish Count
ship, bur resolv'd to use violence to compass his
wicked Design.” Bur just Heaven, 'wirh a happy
emer of Mind assisted me'in that 'Distress ; andis
brucish Passion so blinded him; that nor pe
ceiving he was on the-brink of a steep Rock,1
ealily push'd him down ; and then wichour look,
ing to see what was become of him, I ran as fs
I cor'd* into the: thickest part” 'of the Defartto'
secure -my- elf. The next -F met & Countrymin,
who rook- ine- to his House amidst thel
Mountains, and imploy'd me ever-sinco-in the m-"

=. + of the revawhnd Don Quixote, 345
eral Mr rare of his: Shepherd. There. I bave continu'd
of Y: fomo. Months, - making it my business: to. be: as
niuch as possible: inthe: Fields, the: bettey to conceal-my
Sex: Bot norwathstanding: all 'my Care
B ad Industry, he at lasbdifcovecd:FÞ was a Woman: ;
which niads him presume to importune me with '
beastly Offers: So that Fortune not favouring me
with the former opportunity of freeing my self,
{1 tefc bis . House, and: chose to seek a SanQtuary
among thase Woods and Rocks, there with Sighs
and Tears vo: beszech Heaven ro pity me, and to
dire and -reltieve me in this forlorn Condition ;
or- at least to put. an end to my miserable Life,
and bury in this Desart the very Memory of an
unhappy Creature, who more thro' 111: Fortune
than ill Intent, has given the idle World occasion
to be too busy with her Fame.

of COPE — ._—. —_—_ _—_ __

CHAP. IL

An Acconnt of the. beautifui Dorothea's Dis-
cretion, -with other pleasant Passages.

T* HIS, Gentlemen, econtinu'd Dorothes, is the
L true Story of my tragical Adventures;. and
now'be you Judges whether'I had Reason ro:meke
the Complaint you overheard, and whether so unfortunate
and hopeless a Creature be:in-z Condition
wadmit of Comfort, I have only*'one Favour to
beg 'of yu ; be pleas'd to dire& me'tosome: Phcewhere
I may pass the: rest of my:Life secure froma
the Search and Inquiry. of my+ Parents; not bur
tun] Weir former: AﬀeGion is -a-sufficiens-Warranr Foe
 45x;oes " my

my kind Reception, -could the Sense I have of the
Thoughes they must have of my past Condutt per.,
mit-mezto return to 'em'; bur when I think: they,
must believe me guilty, and can now have nothing.
but: my bare Word to assure 'em'of my Innocency,.
I can never-resolve to stand their Sight. Hem:
Dorothea stopt, and the Blushes that overspread her.
Cheeks were certain Signs of the Discomposure of.
her Thoughts, and the unfeigned Modesty of her
Soul. Those who had heard her-Story were deep.
y mov'd.with Compassion for her hard Fate, and
the Curate would not delay. any longer to give her
some (charitable Comfort and Advice; bur scarce
had he begun to speak, when Gardenio addrefling
himself to her interrupted him, How Madam, sai

he, taking her by the Hand, are you then the
beautiful Dorothea, the only Daughter vF the rich.
Cleonardo? Dorethea was strangely surpriz'd to hear
her Father nam'd, ang by one in fotatter'd a Garb,
And pray who are you Friend, said she to him,
that know-so well my Father's Name ? for I think
I did not mention. it once .throughout the whole
Relation of my AfﬀiGtions. I am Cardenio, reply'd
the other, that unfortunate Gentleman, whom Lxcinda,
as you told us, declar'd to be her Husband::
I am that miserable Cardenio, whom the Perfidioufness
of the Man who has reduc'd you to this deplorable
Condition, has also: brought to this wretche®
State, to Rags, to Nakedness, ta Despair, nay to

Madness it self, and all Hardships and Want of
human Comforts ; only enjoying the Privilege of
Reason by short Intervals, to feel and bemoan my

Miseries the more. I am the Man, fair Dorothea,
+ who was the unhappy Eye-witness of Don Ferdis
zard's unjust Nuprials, -and who heard my Lucinds
give her Consent to be his, Wife ; that heartlels
Wretch, who unable. te bgar so strange a Disappoints,

ment,

e of the
ut Pers,
nk; they.
nothing;
L1OCeCnce,.

read her.

zosure of.

y of her.

re deep»
ate, and.
give her
ut scarce
{drefling.
lam, sai

chen the
the rich
1 ro hear
a Garb,
to him,
r I think
e whole
replyd
hom L«

Lusband :

rfidiouf
us deplowretched

ment, loft ini Amazement and Trouble, flung our
of the House, without staying to know what
would follow her Trance, and what the Paper that

was taken out of her Bosom would produce. I a-
bandon'd 'my self to. Despair ; and having. left a

Letter with a-Person whom I charg'd to deliver it
into Lucinda's. own Hands, I hasten'd to hide my
Gif from the Warld in this. Desart, resolv'd to end
there a' Life which from that Moment I abhorr'd
amy greatest Enemy. Bnr -Fortune' has preferv'd
me Esce that: I may venture it upon a better Cause ;
for from what you have told us now, which I haveno.
Reason to doubr, I am embolden'd to hope
that Providence may yet reserve us to a better
Fate than we durst have expeted; Heaven will restore
you Don Ferdinand, who cannot be Lucinds's,
and to me Lucinads, who cannot be Don Ferdinand's.
For my Part, tho' my Interests were not link'd
with mon: as they are, I hav@o deep a Sense of
your Misfottunes, that I would expose my self. to
any Dangers to see you righted by Don Ferdinand :
here, on the Word .of a Gentleman and a
Christian, I vow and promise not to forsake you
till he has done you Justice, and to oblige him to
do it at the Hazard of my Life, shou'd Reason and
Generosity prove ineffeQual to force him to be
with you. Dororhes ravish'd with Joy, and
not knowing how to express a due Sense of Cardenos

obliging Offers, would have thrown her self

at his Feet had he not civilly hinder'd it, - At the.
same Time the Curate discreetly speaking for 'em
both, highly applauded Cardenio for his generous
Resolution, and comforted Dorothea : He also very
heartily invited 'em to his House, where they
might furnish themselves with Necessaries, and:
consult together how to find out Don Ferdinand,
ad bring Dero:hes home to her Father ; —_

SITY

I DT. _— a 2
TDI” LO = - -
oO EE hed EEE SES EEE

nm les rs mk -
oo = © = © * Wy $2,” HEN

kind Offer they thankfully accepted. Then the
Barber, who:had 'becn silent all this while, pur iy
For a Share, and handfomly affar'd:them he would
be very ready to do”emalt the Service-that might
lie in his Power. Aﬀer these Civilicies he acquaint
ct 'em with rhe Design-:thar had broughr the Cang:
and him to that Place; and' gave'em an Accountef
Don Nuixores strange kind of Madness, and of their
staying therefor rs Squire. Cerdenio hearing hit
mention'd; remember'd' something. of the Scussly
he had with them bath,” but only-as if it-had been
a' Dream; so that tho” he tola the Company of it;
the could not Tet tRem-know the Occasion. By this
Time they-heard some Body call; and'by the Voice
they knew it” was Sancho Penga, who nor finding

em where he had lefe'em, tore his very Lungs

with hollow! Wirth that they all went to ment
him.; which done, they as|t'd him what was by
come of Don Auiggte * Alafs, answer'd/ Sancho,
Tcft bim yender inf 111 Plight + I found him: in
his Shirt, lean, pate, and almost. ftarv'd, sighing.
and whining for his Lady Dulcines; I told hin
how that she'd have him come to her presently'ty
Tohoso, where the look'd for hin» out of Hand;
yet for aH this he would: not budge a Foor, bat
een told me he was resolv'd\ he wou'd neter:{@
Eyes on her sweet Face- again tilt he had done
some Feats'that might make him worthy of her
org 4 So on Sancho, if DO this
Life any: longer, F fear me my-poor er 19/16
ver like to be an Emperor, as he is bound in H6-
nour to be; nay. not so much as an Archbisbop,
which 1s.the least thing he cam come off with;
therefore, good Sir, see and get him away by all
Mcans T beseech you. The Cur#re bid him be
good Cheer, for they wonld- take Care to male
kim leave: that Place wherher he wou'd or net;

- 3nd then. turning to Cardenio and Dorothea, he in-
Fform'd 'em of the Design which he and the Barber
had laid in order to his Cure, or at least-ro gethinm
home to his House. Dorothea, whose Mind was
much eas'd with the Prospe& of better Fortune,
kindly undertook to. a&t the distress'd Lady her
self, which she said she thought wou'd become her
betrer than the Barber, having a Dress very proper
for that Purpose, besides she had read many Books
of Chivalry, and knew how the distress'd Ladies
usd to express themselves when they came to beg
some Knight-Errant's Assistance. This is obliging,
Madam, said the Curate, and we want nothing
more : So let's to work as fast as we can ; we may
now hope to succeed since you thus happily facilitate
the Design. Presently Dorothea took ont of
her Bund a Petticoat of very rich Stuff, and a
Gown of very fine green Silk, also a Necklace,
and several other Jewels/ou a Box ; and with

these in an Instant she so ad her self, and appear'd
so beautiful and glorious, that they all stood
in Admiration that Don Ferdinand should be so inudicious

to slight so accomplish'd a Beauty. Bur
that admir'd her most was Sancho Panca ; for ke

bu' thought he. had ne'er ser Eyes on so fine a Creature,

and paroaps he thought right: Which made
him earnestly ask the Curate who that fine Dame
was, and what Wind had blown her thither amon:;
the Woods and Rocks? Who that fine Lady Sar-
<0? answer'd the Curate ; she's the only Heiress
1n a dire&t Line to the vast Kingdom of Micemicen :
Mov'd by the Fame of your Master's great Ex»
Ploits, that spreads it self over all Guinea, the
comes to seck him out, and beg a Boon of kim ;
that is, to redress a Wrong which a wicked Giant
has done her. Why that's well, guoth Sancho ; a

bappy Secking and a happy Finding. Now if my
©, Vol. Il. R Master

Master be but so lucky as to right that Wrong, by
killing that Son of a Whore of a Giant you tell
me of, I'm a made Man : Yes he will kill him,
Chat he will, if he can but come at him, and he
ben't a Hobgoblin; for my Master can do no God
with Hobgoblins. But Mr. Curate, an't please you,
IT have a Favour to ask of you : I beseech you
my Master out of Conceit with all Archbisho
pricks, for that's what I dread; and therefore to
rid me of my Fears, put it into his Head to cl;
wp a Match with this same Princess ; for by thx
Means *'twill be past his Power to make himsel
Archbishop, and he'll come to be Emperor and
I a great Man as sure as a Gun. I have thought
well of the Matter, and I find "tis not at all fitting
he shou'd be an Archbishop for my Gocd ; for
what should I get by it ? T an't fit for Church Pre.
Ferment, Iam a marry'd Man ; and now for me
©o go t& trouble Head with getting a License
ro' hold -Church-Etvings, *twould be an endless
Piece of Business : Therefore 'twill be betrer for
him to marry out of hand this same Prince,
whose Name I can't tell, for I never heard it.
They call her the Princess Micomicons, said the Cus
rate ; for her Kingdom being call'd Micomicon, 'ris
a clear Cass she must be call'd so. Like enough,
quoth Sanchs ; for I have known several Men in
my Time go by the Names of the Places where
they were born, as Pedro de Alcala, Tuan de Ubeda,
Diego de Valladelid ; and mayhap the like 1s done 1n
Guinea, and the Queens go by the Nam? of their
Kingdoms. 'Tis well observ'd, reply'd the Curate:
As for the Match, I'!] promote it to the utmost
of my Power. Sancho was heartily pleas'd
with this Promise; and on. the other Side, rhe
Curate was amaz'd to find the poor Fellow so

frrangely infected with his Master's mad Notions,

Vrong, b
© you tell
Kill him,
and he
no Good
rehbiks
refore to
d to cl
re by thx
> himself
eror and
thought
a1] fitting
ood 5 for
urch Pre.
w for me
z License
1 endless
efrer for
Princess,
heard it.

the Cut

zicon, "tis
enough,
Men in
s where
12 Ubeda,
done in
of their
the Cu.
) the ute
Pleas'd
1de, the
low so
Notions,

Boon, which

4sto rely on his becoming an Emperor. By this
Time Dorothea being mounted on the Curate's
Mule, and the'Barber having clapt on His Ox-tail
Beard, nothing remain'd bur to order Sancho to
shew 'em the Way, and to renew their Admonitions
to him, lest he shou'd seem to know 'em, and
so spoil the Plor, which if he did, they told him
would be the Ruin of all his Hopes and his Master's
Empire. As for Cardenio, he did nor think fit
to go with 'em, having no Business there; besides,
he cou'd not tell but that Don Qu/xo:e might re
member their late Fray. The Curate likewise, nor
thinking his Presence necessary, resolv'd to stay to
keep Cardenio Company ; so after he had once more
given Dorothea her Cue, she and the Barber went
before with Sancho, while the two others follow'd
@ foot at a Distance.
Thus they went on for about three Quarters of
a League, and then among the Rocks they spy'd
Don 2uixore, who had by this Time put on his
Cloaths th.o' not his Armour. Immediately Dorothis
understanding he was the Person, whipp'd her
alfry, and when she drew near Don Quixote, her
Yi alighted and took her from her Saddle.
hen she was upon her Fect she gracefully ad.
vanc'd towards the Knight, and with her Squire
falling on her Knees before him, in spight of his
Endeavours to the contrary, Thrice valorous and
invincible Knight, said she, never will I rise from
this Place till your Generosity has granted me =.
all redound to your Honour, and
the Relief of the most disconsolate and most in»
jur'd Damsel that the Sun ever s-w : And indeed if
our Valour and the Strength of your formidable
rm be answerable to the Extent, of your immortal
Renown, you are bound bythe Laws of
Honour and the Knighthood which you profess, to
"> R 2 succour

2352 -The Fife and Aichievements
Faccour a distress'd Princess, who led by the. re.

Tounding Fame of your marvellous and redoubred .

Feats of Arms, comes from the remotest Regiogs
to implore your Prote&ion. .I cannor, said Dan
Quixote, make you any Answer, most beautiful La
dy, -nor will Lhear a Word more unless you vouch.
Tafe to rise» Pardon.me, noble Knight, reply'd the
petitioning Damsel ; .my Knees shall first be rooted
here, unless you will courteously condescend to
grant me the Boon which I humbly request, 1
grant it then, Lady, said Don Quixote, provided it
nothing to the Disservice of my King, my
Country, and that Beauty who keeps the Key of
my Heart and Liberty. It shall not tend to the
Prejudice or Detriment of any of. these, cry'd the
Lady. With that Sancho closing up to his Master,
and whispering him in the Ear, Grant it Sir, quoth

he, grant it I tell ye; *'tis but a Trifle next to no» |

thing, only to killa great Looby of a Giant; and
He that ks this is the high and mighty Princess
Micomicona, Queen of the huge Kingdom of Mic.
icon in Ethiepis, Let her be what she will, re.
ply'd Don Quixote, I will discharge my Duty-and
obey the NiQates of my Conscience according ta
the Rules of my Profession. With that turning
to the Damsel, Rise Lady, I beseech you, cry'd
he ; I grant you the 'Boon which your singular
Beauty demands. Sir, said the Lady, the Boon \I
have to beg of your magganimous Valour is, that
you will be pleas'd to go with me instantly whi-

ther I shall condutt you, and promise me not to en»
gage in any other Adventure till you have revengd
mae on a Traytor who usurps my Kingdom, contrary
to the Laws both Human and Divine. 1
grant you all this, Lady, quoth Don Quixore ; and
therefore frogy this Moment shake off all despond-
ing Thoughts that fit heavy upon your wm

Laan or Ir _ — -<> @ww@QTST = a oo oa-c a; 2. 4D. oo..c cacao EIS

of the renowna Don Quixote. 357
and study to revive your drooping Hopes ; for by'

the Assistance of Heaven and my strenuous Arm;'

you shall see your self restor'd to your Kingdom, -
ahd seated on the Throne of your Ancestors, in
spight of all the Traitors that dare oppose youright.
Let us then hasten our' Performance ; Delay
always breeds Danger; and to probrratt 'a great”
Design is often to ruinit. The thankful Princess,
to speak her grateful Sense of his Generosity, strove
t6 kiss the Knight's Hand ; however he who was”
in every thing the most gallant and courteous of
all Knights, would by no Means admit of such a:
Submission ; bur having gently rais'd her up, he:
embrac'd her with an awful Grace and Civility,
ahd then call'd ro Sancho for his Arms. Sancho went ©
immediately, and having fetch'd *em from a Tree,
where they hung like Trophies, arm'd his Master '
in-a Moment And now the Champion being
compleatly accoutred, Come on, said he, let us*
[3 and vindicate the Rights of this dispossess'd-
incess. The Barber was all this' while - upen
his Knees, and had enongh to do to keep himself'
from Jaughing, and his Beard from falling, which,
if it had drop'd off, as it threaten'd, wou'd have ©
betrayed his Face and their whole Plot at once.
Bur being reliev'd by Don 2«ixete's haste to put on
his Armour, he rose np, and raking the Princess
by the Hand, they both together fer her vpon her”
Mule. Then the Knight mounted his Rozinants,
and the Barber -got on his Beast. Only poor San-'
was forc'd ro foot it, which made him ferch
many a heavy Sigh, for the loss of his dear Dappie:
However, he bore his Crosses patiently, seeing
his Master in so fair a way of being next
door tro an Emperor ; for he did not question:
but he wou'd* marry that Princess, and so be at
last King of Micomicon,” __ grievd hing'
x” 3 to

to think his Master's Dominions were to be in the
Land of the Negroes, and that: consequently the
People over whom he was to be Governour were
all to be black. But he presently bethought him.
self of a good Remedy for that: What care I,
gauoth he, tho' they be Blacks ? Best of all; 'ris
but loading a Ship with them and having 'em
into Spain, where I shall find Chapmen enow to
take 'em off my Hands, and pay me ready Money
for 'em ; and so I'll raise a good round Sum, and
buy me a Title or an Office to live upon frank
and easy all the Days of my Life. Hang him that
has no Shifts, say I; it's a sorry Goose that will
not baste her self. Why what if I am not sq
Book-learn'd as other Folks, sure I've a Headpiece
good enough to know how to fell ten,
twenty, or thirty thousand Slaves. *'Tis as easy
2S jumping over a Straw, Let'em cen go higgle.
dy-piggledy, little and great. What tho' they be
as black as tae Devil in Hell, let me alone to tura
em into white and yellow Boys : I think I know
how to lick my own Fingers. Big with these I
maginations, Sancho trudg'd along so pleas'd and
lighr-hearted that he forgot his Pain of travelling
afoot. Cardenio and the Curate had beheld the
pleasant Scene thro' the Bulhes, and were at a Loss
what they should'do to join Companies: But the
Curate, who had a contriving Head, at last bethought
himself of an Expedient ; and pulling
out a Pair of Scifsars which he us'd to carry in his
Pocket, he snipp'd off Cardenio's Beard in a Trice;
and having pull'd cf his black Cloak and a sad-colour'd
Riding-hood which he had on, he equippd;
Gardenio with 'em, while he himself remain'd in
his Doubler and Breeches. In which new Garb
Cardenio was softrangely alter'd, thar he wou'd not
have knowa himself in a Looking-glass, 2m

of- the rezownd Don Quixote. 355

done they made to the High- way, and there stay'd -
till Don Quixote and his Company were got clear
of the Rocks and bad Ways, which did not permit
Horsemen to go so fast as those on foot. When -
they came near, the Curate look'd very earnestly
upon Don 2wixote, as one that was in a Study
whether he might not know him ; and then, like
one that had made a Discovery, he ran towards the *
Knight with open Arms, crying out, Mirrour of
Chivalry, my noble Countryman Don Q#:xote de
Is Mancha | the Cream and blower of Gentility !
the Shelter and Relief of the Aflicted, and Quin=-
tessence of Knight-Errantry! How over-joy'd am
I to have found you / Ar the same Time he embrac'd
his lefr Leg. Don Nuixore admiring what:
Adorer of his heroick Worth this should be, look'd
on him earnestly ; and at last calling him to Mind,
wou'd have alighted to have pay'd him his Respe&s,
nota little amaz'd ro meet him there. But
the Curate hindring him, Reverend Sir, cry'd the
Knight, I beseech you let me not be so rude as to
fit on Horse-back, while a Person of your Worth
2nd CharaCter is on foot. Sir, reply'd the Curate,
ou shall by no Means alight: Ler your Excellency
be pleasd to keep your Saddle, since thus
mounted you every Day atchieve the most Ntupen=
dous Feats of Arms and Adventures that were e-
ver seen 1n our Age. *T will be Honour enough
for an unworthy Priest, like me, to get up behind
some of your Company, if they will permit

me ; and I will esteem ir as great a Happiness, as

to be mounted upon Pegasus, or the Zebra or Elephant
of the famous Moor Mu/araque, who to this
Hour lies inchanted in the dreary Cavern of Zulems,
not far distant from the great Compluts, Tru-

R 4 ly,

356 The Life ani Atchievements

ly, good Sir, I did not think of this, answer't
Von Quixote; but I suppose my Lady the Princess
will be so kind as to command her Squire to lene
you his Saddle, and to, ride behind himself, if his
Mule be bur us'd to carry double. I believe ir
wil, ery'd the Princess; and my Squire, I suppose,
will nor stay for my Commands to offer his
Saddle, for he is too courteous and well-bred to
suffer an Ecclesiastical Person to go afoot, when
we may help him to a Mule. Most certainly,
cry'd the Barber; and with that dismounting, he
cf-r'd the Curate his Saddle, which was accepte@
wirhout much Intreaty. By 11] Fortune rhe Mule
was a hir'd Beast, and consequently unlucky ; so
as the Barber was getting up behind the Curate;
the resty Fade gave two or three Jerks with her
hinder Legs, that had they mer with Master Ni-.
chalas's Scull or Ribs, he wou'd have bequeath'd
his Rambling afrer Don 2«:x0te to the Devil. Hows
ever he flung himself nimbly off, and was more
afraid than hurt ; but yet as he fell his Beard
dropp'd off, and being presently sensible of that
Accident, he cou'd not think of any better Shift
than to clap both his Hands before his Cheeks, and
cry out he had broken his Jaw-bone. Don Nuixite
was amaz'd to see such an overgrown Bush of
Beard lie on the Ground without Jaws and blood-
Jess. Bless me, cry'd he, what an amazing Miracle
is this! Here's a Beard as cleverly taken off by
Accident, as if a Barber had mow'd ir. The Curate
perceiving the Danger they were in of being
discover'd, hastily caught up the Beard, and running
to the Barber, who lay all the while roarmg
and complaining, he pull'd his Head close to his
own Breast, and then muttering certain Words;
witich he said were a Charm appropriated to the
salt'ning on of fall'n Beards, he fix'd it on ages

so handsomely, thit the ' Squire was presently a# *

bearded and as well as ever he was before; which
rais'd Don Nuixete's Admiration, and made hiny
engage the Curate to teach him the Charm at his
Leisure, not doubring bur its Virtue extended
fatther than to the fast'ning on of Beards, since

was impossible that such a one cou'd be torn off |
without ferching away-Flesh and all; and conse» -

qonatly such a sudden Cure might be Leneficial to

im uport Oecafion. And now every thing being .

set to rights, they agreed that the Curate shou'd

ride first by himself, and then the other rwo by-

Turns relieving one another, sometimes riding
sometimes walking, till they came to their Inn,
which was about two Leagues off So Don Qaixore,
the Princess, and the Curate being mounted,
and Cerdenio, the Barber, and Sancho ready to move:
fotwards on foor, the Knight addressing himself

to-the distress'd Damse], Now Lady, said he, ler -
me intreat your Greatness to tel] me which Way: -

we must go to do you Service. The Curate, before
she cou'd answer, thought fit to ask her a Question
thar might the berter enable her to make a
proper Reply. Pray Madam, said he, towards
what Country is it your Pleasure te take your Prorpress?
Is it not towards the Kingdom of Micomre/
con ? I am very much mistaken if that be-not the
Part of the World whither you desire to go. The
Lady having her Cue, presently understood- the-
Curate, and answer'd thar. he was in the Righr.
Then, said the Curate, your Way lies- direQtly
through the Village where I live, from whence
we have a strait Road to Carthagena, where yow

may conveniently take ——_ - and if you have

»fair Wind and good Weather, you may in something
less than nine Years reach the vast Lake-

Mema, I. mean the Palus Metis, which. lies some--
R 5 what

tet © ga

re BOY
ROE nt

what more than a hundred Days Journey from
your Kingdom. Surely, Sir, reply'd the Lady,
are under a Mistake; for *'tis not quite two
ears since I left the Place, and besides we have
had very little fair Weather all the while, and yet
I am alrezdy got hither, and have so far succeeded |
in my Designs, as to have obtain'd the Sight of
the renown'd Don 2«ixote de 14 Mancha, the Fame.
of whose Atchievements reach'd my Ears as soon.
a5 I landed in Spain, and mov'd me to find him
out to throw my self under his ProteQtion, and
commit the Justice of my Cause to his invincible
Valour. No more Madam, I beseech you, cry'd
Don __— spare me the Trouble of hearing
my self prais'd, for I mortally hate whatever may
look like Adulation ; and tho' your Compliments
may deserve a better Name, my Ears are too mo-
dest to be pleas'd with any such Discourse; *tis
my Study to deserve and to avoid Applause. All
x will venture to say, is, that whether I have any
Valour or no, I am wholly at your Service, even
at the Expence of the last Drop of my Blood; and
therefore waving all these Matters till a fit Oppor«
tunity, I would gladly know of this reverend
Clergyman what brought him hither, unattended
by any of his Serveznts, alone, and so flenderly
cloth'd, for I must confess Þ am nor a little furpriz'd
to meet him in this Condition. To tell
ou the Reason in few Words, answer'd the Curate,
you must know that Mr. Nicholas our Friend
Barber went with me to Sevsil, to receive some
y which a Relation of mine sent me from

the Indies, where he has been fsertl'd these many
Years 5 neither was it a small Sum, for 'twas ne
tess than rwenry thousand Pieces of Eight, and all
of due Weight, which is no common thing yott
may well judge : But upon the Road hejeabouts

we met four Highwaymen that rob'd us of all we
had, even to our very Beards, so that the poor
Barber was forc'd to get him a Chin-Perriwig.
And for that young Gentleman whom you see
there (continu'd he, pointing to Cardenio) after
they had stripp'd him to his Shirt, they transfiur'd
him as you see. Now every Body hereabouts
ays, that those who rob'd us were certainly a
Pack of Rogues condemn'd to the Gallies, who,
az they were going to Punishment, were rescu'd
by a single Man nor far from this Place, and thar
with so much Courage, that in spite of the King's
Officer and his Guards he alone set 'em all at Liberty:
Certainly that Man was either mad, or as
great a Rogue as any of 'em ; for wou'd any one
that had a Grain of Sense or Honesty have let
loose a Company of Wolves among Sheep, Foxes

among innocent Poultry, and Wasps. among the .
Honey-pots ? He has hinder'd publick Justice.

from taking its Course, broke his Allegiance to.
his lawful Soveraign, disfabl'd the Strength of his

Gallies, rebell'd against him, and oppos'd his Offi» -

cers in Contempt of the Law, and set in an Uproar.
the holy Brotherhood, those honest Thiefcatchers,
that had lain quiet so long ; nay, what is
yet worse, he has endanger'd his Life upon Earth
and his Salvation hereafter. Sancho had 'given the.
Curate an Account of the Adventure of the Gals
Res, and this made him inveigh against it so
everely, to try how Don Quixote wou'd bears ip.
The Knight chang'd Colour at every Word,

daring to confess he was the pious Knight-Er p25
vho had deliver'd those worthy Gentlemen out of
Bondage. These, said the Curate, by way of
Conclusion, were the Men that reduc'd us to this
Condition ; and may Heaven in Mercy forgive
him that freed 'em from. the Punishment they so

well deserv'd. CHAP

C H A P. IIL

The pleasant Stratagems us'd to free the ens
amour d Knight from the rigorous Penanca

awhich he bad undertakes.

YCARCE had the Curate made an end, when
Sancho addrefling himself ro him, Faith and
1roth, quoth he, Master Curate, he that did that
rare Job was my Master his nown self,and that not
for want of fair Warning; for I bid him have
a Care what he did, and told him over and over,

twould be a grievous Sin to, put such a gang of
k, Wretches out of Durance, and that they

*#1. went to the Gallies for their Roguery. You
Bufflcheaded Clown, cry'd Don Quixote, Is it fog a

Knight-Errant when he meets with People laden

with Chains, and under Oppression, to examine

whether: they are in those Circumstances for their

Erimes, or only thro” Misfortune ? We are onl

to relieve. the AﬀiRed, to look on their Distress,

and not on their Crimes. I met a Company of
poor Wretches, who went along sorrowful, dejeQed,
and link'd rogether like the Beads of a Rc»

Hry ;. thereupon F did what my Conscience and

mY Profession oblig'd me to. And what has any

Man to say to this? If any one dares say others

wise, fiving this reverend Clergyman's Presence

and the holy CharaGer he bears, I say, he knows
brcte: of Knight Errantry, and lies like a Son ofa

Whore, and a base-born' Villain ; and this I will

make him know more effe&ually with the conn

of the renown*d Don Quixote, 36x

cing' edge of my Sword! This said with a grim |

Look, he fix'd himselfin his Stirrups, and pull'd his
Helmet o'er his Brows ; for the Bason, which he
took to be Mambrino's Helmet, hung at his Saddlebew,
in order to have the Damage repair'd which
it had receiv'd from the Gally-Slaves. Thereupon
Dorothea, by this time well acquainted with his

Temper, seeing him in such a Passion, and that

every Body except Sancho Pangs made a Jest of
him, resolv'd with her Native Sprightliness and
Address to carry on the Humour. I beseech you,
Sir, cry'd she, remember the Promise you have
made me, and that you cannot engage in any Ad»
venture whatsoever till you have perform'd that we
are going about. Therefore pray asswage your
Anger ; for had Master Curate known the Gally»
Slaves were rescu'd by your invincible Arm, I'm
sure he wou'd rather have stitch'd up his Lips, or
bit off his Tongue, than have spoken # word that

shou'd make him incur your Displeasure. Nay, FE :

afsyre you, cry'd the Curate, I wou'd sooner have
twitch'd off one of my Mustachoes into the Bargain,
I am satisfy'd, Madam, cr'yd. Don Quixote,,
and for your sake the flame of my. just Indignation
is quench'd ; nor will I be induc'd to engage

inany Quarrel till I have fulfilFd- my Promise to '

our Highness. Only in recompense of my good
ntentions, I beg you will give us the Story of
Misfortunes, if this will not be too great a
touble to you; and let me know who and what,
and'how many are the Persons of whom I must
have due and full Sarisfation on your behalf. I
am very willing to do it, reply'd Dorathes, but yet
T fear a Story like mine, consdting wholly of
AﬀiStions and Disasters, will prove but a tevijous
Entertainment. Never fear that, Madam, cry.d
Non Neixete, Since then it must be sa, said Oorer:

BFA
ee 2 ow voy *

thea, be pleas'd to lend me your Attention. With. .
that Cardenio and the Barber gather'd up to her, to
hear what kind of Story she had provided so soon;
Sancho also hung his Ears upon her Side-Saddle,
being no less deceiv'd in her than his Master ,.
and the Lady having seated herself well on her
Mule, after a hem or two, and other Preparations,
very gracefully began her Story. |
First, Gentlemen, said she, You must know
my Name is——here she stopp'd, and cou'd not
call to mind the Name the Curate had given her;
whereupon finding her at a nonpluss, he made haste
to help her out. *Tis not at all strange, said he,
Madam, that you shou'd be so discompos'd by your
Disasters, as ro stumble at the very beginning of.
the Account you are going to give of 'em ; ex-.
treme Afiiction often distrats the Mind to that
degree, and so deprives us of Memory, that some.
times we for a while can scarce think on our very
Names: No wonder then, that the Princess Micomicona,
Lawful Heiress to the vast Kingdom of
Micemtcon,disorder'd with so many Misfortunes, all -
perplex'd with so many various Thoughts for the
recovery of her Crown, shou'd have her Imagination
and Memory so incumber'd ; but I hope
you will now recolle& your self, and be able to
proceed. T hope so roo, said the Lady, and I will
try to go thro' with my Story without any further
Hesitation. Know then, Gentlemen, that
the King my Father, who was call'd Tinacr/o the
Sage, having great Skill in the Magick Art, un.
derstood by his profound knowledge in that Sci-

Wy ence, that Queen Xaramilia my Mother shou'd dye:

before him; thar he himself shou'd not survive her
long, and I shou'd be lefr an Orphan. Bur he
ofren said, thar this did not so much trouble him,

as the foresight he had by his Speculations, or my!
cing

being threaten'd with great Misfortunes, which

wou'd be occasion'd by a certain Giaat, Lord of a
reat Island near the Confines of my Kingdom ;
bis Name Pandafilando, sirnam'd of the gloomy
Sight ; because tho' his Eye-balls are seated in
their due place, yet he affefts to squint and
look askew on purpose to fright those on whom
he stares. My Father, I say, knew that this Giant
hearing of his Death wou'd one Day invade my
Kingdom with a powerful Army, and drive me

out of my Territories, without leaving me so

much as the least Village for a Retreat; tho' he
knew withal that T might avoid that Extremity
if I wou'd but consent to marry him ; but,
he found out by his Art, he had reason to think
I never wou'd incline to such a Match. And indeed
I never had any thoughts of marrying this
Giant, nor really any other Giant in the World,
how unmeasurably Great and M.ghty soever he
were. My Father therefore charg'd me patiently
to_ bear my Misfortunes, and abandon my Kingdom
to Pandafilanaos for a time, without offering
to keep him out by force of Arms, since this
wou'd be . the best means to prevent my own
Death, and the ruin of my Subje&s ; considering
the impossibility of withstanding the devilifh
Force of the Giant. But withal he order'd me to
dire& my Course towards Spain, where I shou'd
be sure to meet with a powerful Champion, in
the Person of a Knight-Errant, . whose Fame shou'd
at that time be spread over all the Kingdom ; and
his Name, my Father said, shou'd be, if I forget
not, Non Azote, or Don Gigete. An't please you,
forsooth, quoth Sancho, you wou'd say Don Nuixete,
otherwise call'd the Knight of the woful Figure,
You are right, answer'd Dorothea, and my Father
also describ'd him, and said, he shou'd be a tall:
thinfac'd

thinfac'd Man, and that on his right Side, under
the left Shoulder, or somewhere thereabours, te

shou'd- have' a tawny Mole overgrown with a”

eufr of Hair not much unlike that of a Horse's

Main. With that Don Quixote calling: for his |
Squire to come to him, here, said-he, Sancho, help
me off with my: Cloaths, for I'm resolv'& to see

whether I be the Knight of whom the Negroman«
tick King has prophesy'd. - Pray, Sir, why. wou'd
you pull off your Cloaths, cry'd Derothes f To see
whether I have such a Mole about me as your Father
mention'd, reply'd the Knight. Your Wors
ship need nor strip-ro know that, guoth Sancho, for
to my knowledge yo've just such a mark as my
Lady says, on the fimall of your Back, which betokens
you to be a strongbody'd Man. Thar's-e»
nough, said Derathea; Friends may beheve one a-
nother without sach a sftri& Examination ; and
whether it be on the Shoukder or on the Backbone,
ris not very material. In short, I find my Father
aim'd right inall his Predi&ions, and so do [in recommending
my self ro Don Nuixate, whose Star
ture and Appearance so well agree with my Fa«

ther's Description, and whose Renown is so far'

ym not only in Spain, but over all La Manchs;
that I had no sooner landed at: Ofuns, bur the
Fame of his Prowess reach'd my Ears ;- so thatTI
was satisfy'd in my self he was the Person in quest
of whom I came. But pray, Madam, cry'd Don

Nuixate, how did you do to land at Ofsuna, since |

tis no Sea-port-Town ? Doubrless, Sir, (said the
Curate, before Dorothea cou'd answer: for her self,
the Princess wou'd say, thar after she landed at
Mzlaza, the first place where she heard of your
feats of Arms, was Ofsuns, That's what I wou'd
have said, reply'd Dorothea. *Tis easily understood,
said the Curate ;, then pray let your Majesty 2
pleas

2 1 Wu” Ion Oo CET OO EPR ST TILES

plexs'd to 6 on with your'Story. I've nothing:
more to add, answer'd Dorothea, but that Fortune

tas at last so far favour'd me as to make me find”

the noble Don 2uixote, by whose Valour IT look
upon my self as already reftor'd to the Throne of”
my Ancestors ; since he has so conrteously, and
magnanimously vouchsaf'd to grant me the Boon-
Thegg'd, to go with me: wheresoever I'shall guide
kim. For all' I have to: do is, to shew him this
Pandafilando of the gloomy Sight, that he may slay
Him, and restore that to me of which he has sounjustly
depriv'd me. For all this will certainly
be done with the greatest ease in the World, since
twas foretold by Tinacrio the Sage, my good and'
Royal Father, who has alsb left a Predi&ion written
either in Chaldean or Greek Charafters (for I
cannot read *'em) which denotes, That after the
Knight of the Prophesy has cur off the Giant's
Head, and restor'd me to the Possession of my
Kingdom, if he shou'd ask' me to marry him, I
shou'd by no means refuse him, but instantly pur
him in possession of my Person and Kingdom.
Well, Friend Sarcho (said Don Quixote hearing:
this, and turning to the Squire,) what think'st
thou now ? Dost thou not hear how matters
go? Did nor I tell thee as much before ? See
now, whether we have not a Kingdom which'
we may command, and a Qieen whom we mayespouse.
Ay marry have you, reply'd Sancho,
md a pox take the Son of a Whore, say I, that”
will not wed and bed her Majesty's Grace” as soon
Master Pandafilande's Windpipes are lit. * Look'
what a dainty bit she is! ha! wovu'd I never hat
r worse Flea in my Bed ! With that'to shew his

Joy, be gave two or three frisks in the Air ; and

turning to Dorothea, lay'd hold on her: Mule by
the. Bridle, and-flinging himself down - his

DR — 1 "OESPVS i
[ — a "poanhk A900
SPE of pug. > x W%akoShge = . >, I De A
0 , & > rat : _ : — — ; 4 :
Cn Ee Ee eee oil —_—_——_ mp F.-” — REY : s Do
n Ga q = » > ppay .
L a des, _— WE; Mc FL CA —— Dk be : 4 _ >
w_—_— bode"... 4 fy Dart 0% \ Ah” j4 q , vi 0” ett _ a... |. $I > Kaz 2
ws.” 5 yy] - - « 2 RR v2, vo _ = - —£ p44 __ = :
G4 * Wo LA "i Dn. _. et es rage - - pee nt Es
w « ao 4 - =, 207 a> \ FOR >. DEF” 4 0 AM eng - ” oetSeT » = ts Bey. wv L Sox” 1 ny - KEY -
Prey c) Y b AX Oe a Gs ” A 7 I S WY PE = I w - ae ang es OD ad by 44
wk = Son II wy I > ;

S "a SY : _— > == - SQ SI Rt - -
Ry wp. OO Re derE _ Pa —— . 2 "BS -
EI AOE ele, IO nn oY Cs he ermaeetSeed ;
—_— D —_ — og F M . apt nog Rage anc a b x: —_—_— 4 <”
apr = hey kb, a _ ED :

the Servant's Simplicity,

Knees, begg'd she wou'd be graciously pleas'd to
Jet him kiss her Hand in token of his owning
her for his Soveraign Lady. There was none of
the beholders, but was ready to burst for Laughs
ter, having a sight of the Master's Madness, and
In shore, Dorothea was
oblig'd to comply with his Entreaties, and pro»
mis'd to make him a Grandee when Fortune
should favour her with the recovery of her lost
Kingdom. Whereupon Sanchs gave her his thanks,
in fich a manner as oblig'd the Company to: a
fresh Laughter. Then going on with her Relati.
on, Gentlemen, said she, this is my History ; and
among all my Misfortunes, this only has escapt
a recital, That not one of the numerous Attend»
ants I brought from my Kingdom has surviv'd
the Ruins of my Fortune, but this good Squire
with the long Beard: The rest ended their Days
in a great Storm which dash'd our Ship to pieces
in the very sight of the Harbour ; and he and]
had been sharers in their Destiny, had we not laid
hold of two Planks, by whose Assiitance we were
driven to Land, in a manner altogether miracus
Jous, aad agreeable to the whole Series of my Life,
which seems indeed. but one continu'd Miracle,
And if in any part of my Relation I have been
tedious, and not so exatt as I shou'd have been,
you must impute it to what Master Curate ob»
serv'd to you, in the beginning of my Story, that
continual Troubles oppress the Senses, and weak
en the Memory. Those Pains and Afﬀictions, be
they ever so intense and difficult, said Don Quixote,
shall never deter me (most virtuous and highborn
Lady) from adventuring for your Service, and
enduring whatever I shall suffer in it: And theres
fore 1 again ratify the assurances I've given you,
and swear that I will bear you Company, tho Y

Sw £zOC. po—— Sl. a.

"$302 Dg == of 23 no > 29 hs wh Bane ep.

theres

ho' to

of the renown?'d Don Quixote. 367
the-end of the World, in search of this implacable
Enemy of yours, till T shall find him ; whose infulring
Head, by the help of Heaven, and my
own invincible Arm, I am resolv'd to cut off with
the Edge of this (I will not say good) Sword ; a
curse on Gines ze Passamonte,. who took away my

own ! This he spoke murmuring to himself, and

then prosecuted his Discourse in this manner :
And after I have divided it from the Body, and
left you quietly posless'd of your T hrone, it shall
be left at your own choice to dispose of your PFerson,
as you shall think convenient : For as long
as 1 shall have my Memory full of her Image, my
Will captivated, and my Understanding wholly
subjeed to Her, whom I now forbear to name,

tis impossible I should in the least deviate from

the AﬀeCtion I bear to her, or be induc'd to think
of marrying another, tho' she were a Phanix in
her kind. |

The Close of Don Quizote's Speech, which related
to his not marrying, touch'd Sancho so to
the quick, that he cou'd not forbear bawling out
his Resentments : Body o' me, Sir Don Quixote,
ery'd he, you are certainly out of your Wits, or
how is it poflible you should stick ar striking a

bargain with so great a Lady as this is? D' you
think, Sir, Fortune will pur such dainty Bits in

oor way at every corner? Is my Lady Dulciues.
andsomer, d' you think ? No marry is she not
half so handsome: I cou'd almost say she's not
worthy to tye this Woman's Shooes. I am likely
indeed to get the Earldom I have fed my self
with hopes of, if you spend your time in fishing
for Mushrooms in the bottom of the Sea. Marry,
marry 'out of hand, or O!4 Nick take you for
me : Lay hold of the Kingdom which is ready
to leap into your hands; and as soon as you are
FIR a

a” King c'en make me a Marquess, or a Peer of

the Land; and afrerwards let things go at sixes
and sevens, "twill be all a Case to Sancho. Don
Nuixote, quite divested of all Patience at the Blaso
phemies which were spoken against his Lady Dulcin:a,

cou'd bear with him no longer; and there» |

fore, without so much as a word to give him notice
of his Displeasure, gave him two such Blows
with his Lance, that poor Sancho measur'd his
length on the Ground, and had certainly there
breath'd his last, had nor the Knight desifte&
through the Perswasions of Dorothea. Think'st
thou (said he after a considerable Pause) most infamous
Peasant, thar I shall always have leisure
and disposition to put up thy Aﬀronts ; and that
thy whole business shall be ro study new Offences,
and mine to give thee new Pardons? Dost thou
not know, excommunicated Traitor, (for certainly
Excommunication is the least Punishment can fall
upon thee, after such Profanations of the peerless
Dulcines's Name,) - and 'art thou not affur'd, vile
Slave and ignominious Vagabond, that IT shou'd
not have strength sufficient to kill a Flea, did not
she give stre-gthto my Nerves, and infuse Vigour'
into my Sinews ? Speak, thou Villain with the Viper's

Tongue ; who dost thou imagine has restor'd”

the Queen to: her Kingdom, cut off' rhe Head of
the Giant, and made thee a Marquess (for I count
all this as done already,) but the Power of
Dulcin:a, who makes use- of my Arm, as the ite
strument of her AQ in me ? She fights and overs
comes in me ; -and Þ live and breath in her, hold»
ing Life and Being from her. Thou base-born
Wretch ! 'art thou not possess'd of the utmost Ingratitude,

thou who seeft 'rhy self exalted from,

the very Dregs of. the Earth to Nobility and
Honour, and-yet dost repay -so- great a Beacly
with

Dd ' £4 nnd” fret fans © band 4 oo,

of the renown'd Dor Quixote. 369
evith Obloquies 2gainst the. Person of thy Bene«

FQress ? 0
Sancho was not so mightily hurt, but he-cou'd
hear what his Master said well enough ; where-

Fore getting upon his Legs in all haste, he ran for

Jhelper behind Dorochea's Palfry, and being got
thither, hark you, Sir, cry'd he to him, if you
have no thoughts of marrying this same Lady,
it's a clear case that the Kingdom will never'be
yours ; and if it be not, what good can you'be
able to do me-? Then let any one judge whether
J have not cause to complain. Therefore, good

our Worship, marry her once for all, now we
Ha her here rain'd down as it: were from 'Hea«
ven to us, and you may after keep Company with
my Lady Dulcinca; for I guess you'll not be the
only King in the World, that has kept a Miss or
two in a corner. As for Beauty, d* you see, I'll
not meddle nor make ;' for (if I must say the
truth.) I like both the Gentlewomen well enough
in Conscience; tho', now TI think on't, I have
never seen the Lady Dulcines: How, nor seen her,
blasphemous Traitor, reply'd Don Quixote, when
just now thou brought'st me a Meflage from her! I
say, answer'd Sancho, T have not seen her so leisurely
as to take notice of her Features. and good Parts
one by one ; but yer, as I saw 'em at a blush and
all at once, methought I had no reason to find
Fault with 'em. Well, IT pardon thee now, said
Don Quixote, and thou must excuse me for the Dis.
pleasure I have given thee ; for the first Motions
are not in our Power. I perceive that well e-
novgh, quoth Szncho, and that's the reason my first
Motions are always in my Tongue ; and I can't
for my life help speaking what comes uppermost.
However, Friend Sancho, said Don Quixote, thou
hadst best think before thou speakest ; for the _
cacer

370 The Life and Atthievements

cher never goes so oft to the Well I need
say no more. . Well, what must be must be, answer'd
Sancho ; there's somebody above who sees
all, and will one day Rage which has most to
answer for, whether I for speaking amiss, or you
for doing so. No more of this, Sancho, said Dorp
thes, but run, and kiss your Lord's Hands, and
beg his Pardon; and, for the time to come, be
more advis'd and cautious how you run into the
Praise or Dispraise of any Person ; but especially
take care you do not speak ill of that Lady of
Lofo, whom I do not know, tho' I am ready to do
her any Service ; and for your own Part, trust in
Heaven ; for you shall infallibly have a Lordship,
which shall enable you to live like a Prince. San.
cho shrug'd up his Sholders, and in a snezking
Posture went and ask'd his Master for his Hand,
which he held out to him with a grave Counte.
nance ; and after the Squire had kiss'd the back of
it, the Knight gave him his BJefling, and told
him he had a word 'or two with him, bidding him
come nearer, that he might have the better cons
venience of speaking to him. Saxcho did ag his
Master commanded, and going a little from the
Company with him ; since thy Return, said Don
Nuixote, addressing himself to him, I have neither
had time nor opportunity to inquire into the particulars
of thy Embassy, and the Answer thou
hast brought; and therefore since Fortune has
now befriended us with Convenience and Leisure,
deny me not the satisfa&tion thou may'st give me
by the rehearsal of thy News. Ask what you
will, cry'd Sancho, and you shall not want for a
Answer ; but, good your Worship, for the time
to come I beseech you don't be too hasty. What Uk
occasion bast thou, Sanch:, to make this request, Ywl
reply'd Don Quixote? Reason good enough ro ko

- 3 45% AX OF OO O07 "OR, OE 0

[ need Þ 'Gaid Sancho; for the Blows you gave me e'en now,
e, an» were rather givin me on Account of the Quarrel
10 sees | which the Devil stirr'd up between your Wor-
10st to Þ ship and me t'other Night, than for your Dislike

or you Þ. of any thing which was spoken against my Lady
1 Dore Dulcines, Prithee, Sancho, cry'd Don Awixote, be
s, and B careful of falling again into such irreverent Exne,
be Þ prefsions ; for they provoke me to anger, and are

1to the
ecially
7 of Th

highly offensive. I pardon'd thee then for being a
Delinquent, but thou art sensible that a new Offence
must be attended with a new Punishment.

y to do Þ As they were going on in such discourse as this,
crust in Þ they saw at a distance a Person riding up to 'em
xrd{hip, Þ on an Ass, who, as he came near enough to be
So Þ distinguish'd, seem'd to be a Gipsy by his Habit.
1e2king © . But Sancho Panca, who, whenever he got sight of
Hand, Þ any Aﬀes, follow'd them with his Eyes and his
ounte- | Heart, as one whose Thoughts were ever fix'd on
back of | his own, had scarce giv'n him half an Eye, bur
nd told £ he knew him to be Gines de Passamonte, and by the
ng him Looks of the Gipsy found out the Visage of his
rer col Ass; 'as really it was the very same which Gines

had got under him ; who to conceal himself from
the knowledge of the Publick, and have the better
opportunity of making a good Market of his
Beast, had cloth'd himself like a Gipsy ; the Cant
of that fort of People, as well as the Languages
of other Countries, being as natural and familiar
to him as his own. Sazcho saw him, arid knew
bim ; and scarce had he seen and taken notice of
him, when he cry'd out as loud as his Tongue
would permit him': Ah! thou Thief Genesido, .
t for aa leave my Goods and Chatrels behind thee ; ger
$f from the back of my own dear Life : Thou
bat Bast nothing to do with my poor Beast, withour
yhom I can't enjoy a moment's Ease : Away
Wt, kom my Dapple, away from my Comfort ; take

of ro

to thy heels thou Villain ; hence thou Hedge-bird,
Jeave what is none -of thine. He had no occahon
to use so many Words; for Gines dismounted
as soon as he heard him speak, and taking to his
heels, got from 'em, and was out of sight ina
instant. Sancho ran immediately to his Ass, and
imbrac'd him : How hast thou done, cry'd he,
since I saw thee, my Darling and Treasure,
dear Dapple, the Delight of my Eyes, and ny
dearest Companion ? And then he ftroak'd and
fldbber'd him with Kisses, as if the Beast had been
a rational Creature, The Ass for his part was
silent as cou'd be, and gave Sancho the Liberty of
as many Kisles as he pleas'd, without the return
IM of so much as one word to the many Questionshe
had put to him. At fight of this the rest of the
Company came up with him, and paid their Com:
plements of Congratulation to Sancho for the rtcovery
of his Ass, especially Don Quixote, who
told him that tho' he had found his Ass again, yet
would not he revoke the Warrant he had givn
him for the three Asses; for which favour Sanchy
return'd him a multicude of Thanks.
While they were travelling together, and dis.
coursing afrer this manner, the Curate address
himself to Dorothea, and gave her to understand,
that she had excellently discharg'd her self of what
she had undertaken, as well in the Management of
the History it se, as in her Brevity, __ adapting
1 her Stile ro the particular Terms made use of un
1: P Books of Knight-Errantry. She return'd for at
swer, that she had frequently convers'd with suck
Romances, but that she was ignorant of the Situz
tion of the Provinces, and the Sea Ports, whi
occasion'd the Blunder she had made, by saying
that she landed ar Ofune. I perceiv'd it, reply
the Curare, and therefore I put in what you hey

R— TR _ cs. aos ci. @ao._ . co... ee. eee eo I Io

which brought matters.to rights gain, --- Bur +is 4t
not-an amazing thing to see how ready this ununted
fortunate Gentleman is to give credit. to these
k&itious Reports, only because they have the Air
OY ofthe extravaggnt Stories in- Books of Knight-Ers,
ant entry ? Cardenio. ou that. he thought! this so
srange/.a Madness, that he did not; believe. ths
ec, MY Wit of Man cou'd devise any thing like:it,: shon'd-
1 one ever-start-the thought of such, another.
J and he Gentleman, reply'd, the Curate, has some
been Qualities in him, ev'n as surprizing in a Madman,
WSU a4 his unparallel'd Frenzy : For, take him bur off
ery of £om his Romantick Humour, ' to discourse with
TJerun® bim of any other Subje&, you will find him to
oy handle it with a great deal of Reason, and shew
himself by his Conversation. to. have ,very clear
entertaining Conceptions : .Insomuch, - that if
ight-Errantry bears' no -relation to his Dise,
VWH course, there is no Man but will esteem him for
1, TH his vivacity .of Wit, and strength of Judgment.
l gn While:they were thus discoursing, . Don Quiver
Sanch prosecuting his Converse with his Squire, Sancho,
1 ae} 4d be, ler us lay aside all manner of -Animosity,
n and tell me as speedily as thou canst, withouc
nn remains of rhy last displeasure, how, when,
ene” and where didst chou-find my Lady .Dulcines ?

of "_ Wha was she doing when thou first pay'st. thy renent
0 &s to her? How didst rhou express thy self
a - to her? What Answer was she pleas'd to make

thee > What Countenance did she put on at the
gull of my Letter? Who transcrid'd it fairly
or chee ? and every thing else which has any re=
ktion to this Aﬀair, without Addition, Lies, or
ttery. -On the other side take care thou lose st
nota Tittle of the whole matcer, by abbreviatin
YN test thou rgb me of parr of that delight which
Y I propase to my self from it. Sir, answer'd Sa.
Vol. II. S cho,

P74 The Life and. Atchievements ©

cho, - if + must Tpeak! the truth, 'anU nothing buy
the'truth,. no body copy'd out rhe Letter for me;
for'I carry*d-none at all. That's'right; cry'd Dog
Quixote, for I found the Pocket-Book, in which
was written, two days afrer thy departure, which
IEC oe in me, because I knew:
not'whatthou' couldst do, when thou fonnd'st thy.
self without the Letter; - and -T 'conldinot but be
indu7'd:to' believe that'thon wouldst: have return'd:
in- order to -txke it with Thee. I had certainly
done so, reply'd Sancho, were it not for this Head
of mine, which kept-it in Remembrance ever since
your Worthi read it to me, and help'd me to say
3t over to a Parish-Clerk, -who writ it out for me
word: for word so 'purely, that he swore, tho' he
had written-out many a Letter of Excommunics
tion in his time, 'he never in all -the days -of hig
life had read or seen anything so well spoken ay
it was. And doft thou still retain the Memory of
ir, my. dear Sancho, cry'd Don Quixote? Not T,
quoth Sancho ; for as soon as I had: giv'n it her,
and your turn was serv'd, I was very willing to
Forget jt. But if T remember any thing, 'tis what
was on the top ; and it was thus : High and Subter«
rene, I would say, Soveraign Lady; and at the bot»
tom, Yours wntil Deach, The Knight of the Wis
Figure ; and I put between these two things, three
hundred Souls, and Aives, and Pigsnyes,

RP of, rn on pwn; oo. 23. ©. owner meer ee LLLLLLLY.

of the renown Dox'Quixate. 3975 | |

nd LESS dd the ths $4 £

CHAP. IV,
The pleasant Dialogue between Don Quixote
and his Squire continu d, with other Ad=-
Upntures. {Y

A LL this is mighty well, said Don Narzvre,
proceed therefore: You arriv'd,, 8nd how:
was that Queen of Beauty then employ'd ? - Ore
my Conscience thou found'st her fitringing of 'O-
rient- Pearls, or imbrojdeing some curious Device
in Gold for me her Captive Knight'; was
it not so, my Sanche? No faith, answer'd-the
Squire, I found: her winnowing' a parcel of
at very seriously, in the back Yard. Then
fiid the Don, you may rest assur'd that-every Corn
of that Wheat was a Grain of Pearl, since she did
x*the honour of touching it with her Divine
Hand: Didft 'thou- observe the qualiry of the
Wheat, was it! tot of the finest' sort ? Very'indifferent”
thopghe, "said the Squire. * Well; this,
leaf you maftallow;- it must make-the finest
whirest Bread; if 'sifred' by her white Hands >" but
go on ; when you” deliver'd -my Letrer; did she
tifs it ? Did she treasure it in her Bosom, or whar
Ceremony 'did- she use worthy such a Letter >

How did she behave her self 2 Why truly Str, 'an- |
fwer'd"'$3ncho; ' when T offer'd her the Letter, she
wit very busy handling her Sieve ; and; prithes
nest ' Friend; said she, do so much'ss lay that
er down upon the Sack there; I can't read it
I have winnow'd ont what's 101 niyihands; -O
ba S 2a unparalleI'd

unparallel'd Discretion, cry'd Don Quixote! she
knew_ that a Perusal_requir'd leisure, and there.

fore deferr'd it for her more pleasing and private

Hours. But on, my Squire ; while she was thus
employ'd, what Conferences past ? what did she
ask about her Knight, and what did you reply ?
Say all, say all, my dearest. Sancho, Jet not the
smallest Circumstance scape thy. Tongue ; speak
all that Thought can frame, © or -Pen describe,
Her Questions were easily answer'd, Sir, said San.
. «ho, for she ask'd me none at all : I told her indeed
in what a sad ? ng I.-had :left. you for her sake,
naked to the Waste; - that you eat and slept like
the Brute Beasts; that. you ,wou'd let.a Rasor as
soon touch. your Throat as yaur Beard ; that you
were fil] blubbering and crying, or swearing.2nd
cursing ,your , Fortune. There you mistook, reply'd
Don Quixote, I rather, bless my Fortune, and

shall, while Life affords me Breath, since 1

alwa

am ——_ to merit the esteem of so high a Lady
as Dulcines del Thbefs There ' Mr" it, -said Sans
cho, she is.a-high Lady indeed Sir, . for she's rallec
than I amy by a;Foot and a half, Why, how now,
Sancho, said the Knight, hast chou measur'd thy
length with her! Ay marry, did, I, Sir, said the
Squire; for pou must know, -that she desir'd me
to-lend her a hand ia lifting a ;:Sagk of Wheat oa
an Ass;. so we buckl'd abour: it, and I'came {6
close ro her, that I found she was taller than I by
2 . full span at least. Right, answered Don Nuix-
ote, but thou art also conscious that the uncome
mon -Stature of her Person is adora'd with ignumerable
Graces and Endowments af Soul.; but
$4nche, when you approach'd the charming She,
did not an Aromatick Smell. strike thy: Sense, z
Scent so Odoriferous, pleasing, and sweet, as [
want a Name for it ; sweet as——you understand

«a wu. Si... M94 ita -

mt; as the richest Fragrancy Gdiffus'd around. {|
2 Perfumer's Magazine of Odours ? this at least.
yot -must grant me." I''did indeed feel a fort of
Scent a. ne Toa my fe. Is Fs
vigorous or so; for: I suppese she had wroug
hard, and sweat somewhat plentifylly. *Tis false,
answer'd the Knight, thy snielling has been de- -
bauch'd by thy own Scent, or some Canker in thy.
Nose; if thou cou'dst tell the Scent of opening +
Roses, fragrant Lillies, or the choicest Amber, -
then rhou might'st guess art her's. Cry mercy,
Sir, said Sancho, it may be so indeed; for I remember
that I my self have smele very ofr just as. -
Madam Du/cin:a did "then; and that she shou'd
shell like me is no such wondrons thing neither,
fixce there's never a Barrel- the better Herring :
of us. But now, said the Knight; supposing the
Corn winnow'd and dispatch'd ro the Mill ; what *

did she after she had read my Letter ? Your Let- -
ter, Sir! answer'd Sancho, your Letter was not
read at all, Sir ; as for her part, she said, she cou'd
neither read nor” write, - and she' would trust ne
body else, -lest they should -reil- rales; and so she
cunningly tore your 'Lerrer.: She said that what
I told her by Word of Mouth of _ your Love and-
Penance, was enough: To make short now, sheve
her Service to you, and said she had rather
see you than hear from you'; and the pray'd you,
if ever you loy'd her, upon fight of me forthwith
to leave your Madness among the Bushes here, and
come strait to- _ (if you be at letfure,) for she |
has somerhing to say to you, .and has a huge Mind
w' see you: She had like 46 burst with laughing,
when F call'd you the Knight of the Wesul 4

She told me- the Bis:ayan whom you may

was there, and that he was a very honest Fellow

378 The Life and-Atchievements

that she heard no News at all of the Gallp
aves. |

Thus far all goes well, said Don - mp, but
te]] me pray, what Jewel did she pr ent you at
your departure, as a reward for the 'News you
brought ? for 'tis a Custom "of ancient standing
among Knights and Ladies-Errant; to bestow on
Squires, Dwarfs, or Damsels, who bring them
g00d News of their Ladies or Servants, some
precious* Jewel as a grateful Reward of their
welcom Tidings. Ay, Sir, said Sancho, that way
the Fashion in the days' of yore ; and a very
good Fashion, T1 take.it: But all ents SO
«0 got, was a Luncheon of Bread and a piece of
Cheese, which she handed to me over the Wall,
when I was raking my Leave ; by the same To
ken (I hope there's no TI Luck in't) the Cheese
was made of Sheep's MiJk, Tis strange, said Don
Nuixote, for she is Liberal, even to Profuseness;
and if she 'presented thee not a owe, she cers
tainly had none abour- her at' that time ; but
what is deferr'd is not Jost, T- shall see her, and
Matters 'shall te: accommodated. Know'st thon
Sanths, - whar raises *'my» Aﬀtonishment ; "ris thy
sudden' return ; for 'propoftioning thy short Ab.
sence to the length of thy Journey, -Toboso being
at least thirty Leagues distant, thou must have.
Fidden on. the Wind ; cerrainly the sagacious
Inchanter who is my Gyardian and Friend, (for
goubtless such a one there is and oughr to be, of

| || 1 shou'd not be a tree Knight-Errane,) cervunl

T say, that wise Magician has further'd thee
thy Journey unawares'; for: there are Sages &f
fach incredible Power, as to take up- a Knights
Frrant steeping /in his Bed, and waken him
Morning & Thousand 'Leagues from. the: phate
where he fell asleep.” By this Power Knight Er
rants

Sups with z very good Appetite afcer
having Rid you two or three thoufind: Leagues

of the renown'd Don'Quixote. 379

rants siccour one another in their most danger--
ous Exigents, : when, and whiere they please; for”
Instance, suppose me Fighting in the Mountains
of Armenia with some hellish Monster, some

dreddful- Spright, © or - fierce Gigantick: Knight,
where hrs L am like to be worsted, (such

2 thing'may bappen,) when-just in the very
Crisis' of 'my Fate, when :I least | expe&ir, behold
on the.top of a flying Cloud, or riding in
s flaming Chariot, another Knight my Friend,
who but a Minute before was in England: perhaps ;

he sustains me, delivers me from Death, and rewtns:

that Night to his own Lodging, wee he
his Journey,

that: Day-: And all this 'perform'd by: the. In-

taftry and Wisdom of these knowing. Magicians;

whose only Business and Charge is; glorious
Knighr-Errantry.- Some such Expeditious Power, -
T believe Sancho, though hidden from you, has
promoted so great a dispatch in your late Journey.”
I believe indeed (answer'd Soncho) that.
there - was Wirchcrafr in the Cafe, for Roz;nante
rid withour a Spur all the way, and was as mettlefm
as though he had been a Gipsy's 'Ass with
Quickfilver in bis Ears. © Quicksilver ! You Coxcomb,
said the Knight, ay. and a Troop of Devils
besides ; and they are the best Horse-coursers in
Nature you must know, for they. must needs go
whom the Devil drives; © bur, no. more of that.
What is thy Advice as to my Lady's Commands to
visit. hev® I know her Power | should regulate
my Will; but then my Honour; San:be, my solemn'
\Promise has engag'd me-to the Princess's
Service that comes with us, . and the. Law of
Arms confines:me to my Word : Love-draws me
Tone, and Glory. Cother way ; on this side Delcinea's +
Had S4 ftri&

strict Commands, on the other my promiz
Faith ; but "tis refolv'd. T'll travel Night
and Day, cut off this Giant's Head, and having
fert'd the Princess in her Dominions, will
presently: return to see that Sun which enlightens
my Senses : 'She will easily. condescend to ex.
cuse my Absence, when. I convince her 'twas for
her Fame and Glory; since the past;. present, and
future Success of my Vidorious Arms depends
wholly on the gracious Influences. of her Favouy,
and the Honour of being her Knight. Oh sad,
oh sad ! said Sancho, F doubt your Worship)
Head is much the worse for wearing-: Are you
mad, Sir, to-take-so long a Voyage for nothing?
Why idon't you catch at this- Perferment thut
now” offers, where a fine Kingdom is the. Portion,
twenty thousand Leagues round, they say ; nay,
bigger than Portugel and' Castile bothr together —
Good your Worship! hold your Tongue, 1
wonder you are not asham'ib——take a Fool's
Counsel for once, Marry her by the first Priest
you meer, here's our own Curate can i do. the-
Fob most curiously :. Come Master, I have-Has:
enough" in' my Beard to. make a CouncelJor, and
my Advice is as fit for you, as your Shooe for
your Foot ; a: Burd in Hand is worth two in the.
Bulk, and | 7} fan

He that will not when he'may;
When he wou'd, be shall have nay. ' |

Thou advisest me thus, answer'd Don' Qin.
oze, that: I may. be able te Promote thee accord
ing to 'my Promise; but that I can do without
Marrying: this Lady : For I shall make this the
Condition of entring into Battel;; that after oy
Victory, withour Marrying the Piinceds, on

shall Jeave part of her Kingdom at my disposal,
to gratify whom I please 3 and who can claim any
such Gratuity but thy self ? Thar's plain, 'answer'd
Sancho, bur' pray Sir, take care that you reserve
some part near the Sea-side for me ; that if the
Air does not agree with me, I may transport my
Black Slaves, make my Profit of them, and go
live somewhere else ; so that I would have you
resolve upon it presently, leave the Lady Dulcines
for the present, and go kill -this same Gi= ©
ant, and make an end of that Business first, for T
dare swear 'twill yield you a good Market. I am
bs in thy Opinion (said Don Quixote) but IT *

monish chee not to whisper to any Person the
least hint of our Coiiference ; for since Dulcines
'4s so cautious and secret, 'tis proper that I and

mine should follow her Example. Why the De- - i |

vil then, said Saxcho, should you send every Body
ou overcome packing to Madam Dulcines, to
all down before her, and tell her they : came
Fom you to pay their Obedience, . when this
tells all the World that she's your Mistress as
much as if they had 'it under your own Hand ?
How dull of Apprehension and Stupid thou arr,
said the Knight; hast thou not Sence ro find that
all this redounds to her greater Glory ? Know that
in —_—_ of Chivalry, a Lady's Honour
xs Calculated from the number of her Servants,
whose Services must not tend to any reward,
but) the Favour of her Acceptance, and the
pure Honour of verforming them for her sake,
and being call'd her Servants. I have heard our
Curate, answer'd Sancho, Preach up this DoArine
of loving for Love's-sake, and that we ought
to love our Maker so for his own-sake;” with-
out either hope of Good, or fear of Pain ; though
vs my part I would _ and serve him fos what

Mountains ; and

IT could get. - Thou art an unagcountable Fellow,

ery'd Don 2x0ixote; thou talk't somerines with
so much Sense, that one'would imagine thee to
be something of a Scholas. A Schollard, Sir,
answer'd Sanche, lack a-day, I don't know, as I'm
an honest Man, a Letter in the Book. Master
Nichalzs seeing them so deep in Discourse, call'd to
them to stop and drink at a little Fountain by the'
Road : Don Nuixote hated, and Sanchs was very
Slad of the Interruption, his Stock of Lies be
ang almost spent, and he stood in Danger besides
of being trapp'd in his Words, for he had never
Fen Dulcines, though he knew she liv'd at Tk
C ardenio. by :ithis had chang'd bis Cloaths
those Dore: hes wore, when they found her in the
though they made bur an ord
nary. Giguey, they look'd much better than his
own. : They. all stopp'd- at'the Fountain, -and fell
aboard. the. Curate's Provision, - which was but
4':Snap : among. so. 'many, for they-were all very
Aungry.. - While» they {at refreshing themselvg,
a young Lad: travelling that way, observ'd them,
and looking earnestly. on the whole Company,
ran-suddenly and £&11:-down before Don Quizee,
addressing him ina. very doleful Manner. Alaz,
good Sir, said he,, don't you know me ? dan't
w remember poor Andrew whom you caus'd to
& unty'd: from the Free ?- With: that the Knight
knew him; and [raising him up, turn'd to the
Company, That, you may all know, said he; of
how great Importance to. the Redrefling of Inj
ries, Punishing Vice, and the universal Be
of Mankind the: Business of Knight-Errantry may
be, you must understand, that riding through «
Defart some days ago, I heard certain. lamentabke
Screckes and 'OQut-cries : Prompted:- by the Mifey
of the .Afligted, and born away by, the Zeal

of ithe renown'd Don Quixote. 583
#y.Profeflion, I. follaw!d' the Voice, and found
this Buy whom: you-all- see, bound to a.great
OQak; I'm glad he's.present; because he can attest
the Truth ios my Relation. I fougd him as Lrald .

yout, bound; 'to 'an Oak, | niked; from: the: Waste - |

upwards, and a bloudy-minded 'Peasant scourg-
ing his; Back unmercifully: with the Reins, ofa
(Bridle. I presently 'demanded. the cause of his
severe Chastisemeat ? The rude Fellow, answer's,
That he. had 'Iiberty to: punish his own Servant,
whoa he thus us'd-for some Faults that argu/d-hime
iote Knave than ' Fool. Good Sit, said: the Boy,

heiran lay riothing ro my-Charge; bug. gemandinis 3

imy Wages: | His Master made. some reply
4; would 'riot allow as a ;jult Excuse;:and order'd

him immediately to unbind the: Youth, /and took bs |

his - Oath that he would take him home and pay: -

him . all bis 'Wages upon the Nail, in good ant . 0! 4

Jawful: Coin. ,: Is':not this -literally true Andrew!? *
Did-you-not mack besides / with what Face of Aw. .
thority: F Commianded,. and with. how much Hu: -
allity che pronkus'd;:te obey; aJll'L wnpos'd, comdefird

2:i Ansvver. me,Boy, and teH -- |

bbldly all 'thar pals'd' ta:this--wotthy; Company,
thatizt may :appear how -neceslary;che Vacation .
ef Kaight-Erranrs is uporrthe Roads: .

'7» All you : have said '35' true enough, , answer'd: i i

dniriw, - but: the. Business. did not end' after" thit. -
manner you and Thop'd it;would. How: ? said the
Knight, : has :not rhe :Peasant-paid: yp? Ay, be
has pid me. wirh: a Vengeance, sajid-the:Bby; fat
no: :{oontr; 'was your: Back: turn'd, but? be ,rty'd

me again. t6. the same Freey and lashi& me soicur: %

fdly, that Llook'd like 'St.'/Bartholomew flea'd alive

and at every blow he had some Joke or another
to Taugh it you ; and had he not Taid me”on as
ke did, L fancy. 1 ceuld nat bave hefd laughing

my self, Av last he lefr-me in-so piriful a Cast,
that I was for'd to crawl to an Hospital, where
F have Jain ever since to get-cur'd, so wofully the
Tyrant had: lash'd me. And 'now I may: thaink |
you for- this, for had you rid 'on your Jout- |
ney, and neither meddl'd ner made; seeing: mo
Body sent for you; and 'twas none of your Bus
finefs, my Master perhaps had been satisfy'd wirh
ht giving me ten or twenty Lashes, and after thit
W f\ would have paid me what he ow'd me ; - but you
3 was so huffy, and calld him sfo-many Nama,
that it made him mad, and so he veated all his
Spight” against you- upon my poor Back as soon
#4: # as yours was turn'd, insomuch that I fear-I shall
OW | never be my own Man again. The Miscarriage,
\_ - answer'd the Knight, is only chargeable-on my
departure before I saw my Orders executed ; for
8: © F might by Experience have remembred, that the
| 7 Word of a Peasant is-regulated, not by: Honoui
| 77 j but Profit. - But you- remember, Andrew,. how
F'3&% fworeif he disobey'd, that I would return and seek
37 | Him through the Universe, and find him tho' hid in
KW the Whale's Belly..- Ay,.Sir; answer'd Andrew, but
PF \; that's no cure-For my sore Shoulders. You shall be
redress'd, answer'd. the Knight, starting nero
vp, and commanding Sancho immediately to bridle
Rozinante, who was Baiting as fast as the rest of
the: Company: Dorothea ask'd. what he intended to
do: * he answer'd that he intended ro: find out the
F, Villain and punishhim severely:forhbis Crimes, then
j force himto pay Andrew his Wagesto the last *Maras
$ | wedr, in spight of. all: the Peasants in the Universe
\ ' She then defir'd him«to remember his Engagement
i/; po her, which. withheld him from any new Av

Nees the oaluc of 6 Farthing. . - ©
chievement:

never to relt till he

chlevement till chat 'was' finish'd ; that he nit
therefore suspend his Resentments till his Return
From'her Kingdom: ,*Tis bur: just and: reasonable,
id the Knight, - and therefore 4:4rew must wait
with Patience my Return ; but when I do return,
I. do hereby Ratify my former Oath and Promise,
Fully satisfy'd and paid. _I
dare not trust to that, answer'd Andrew; but if
ou'll bestow on me as much Money as will bear
my Charges to Sevill,*T shall thack your Worship
more -than for all the Revenge. you tell me of :
Gye me a snap to- eatz and a bit in my Pocket,
and so Heav'n be wi'ye and all other Knight-
Errants, and may they prove as arrant Fools in

their own Business as they have been in mine. _
Sancho took”: Crust of Bread, and a slice of
Oheese; and-reaching:it to Andrew, there Friend,
Taid he, there's:something for thee ; on my Word,
we have all of us a share of thy Mischance.. What
hare; said Andrew ?- Why, the curs'd mischance
of parting with this Bread and Cheese: to: thee ;
for my Head to a Halfpenny, 'I may:live to want
ir; for thou-must know, Priend* of mine, that we
the Squires : of Knight-Errants ofren pick our
Teeth without a Dinner, and are subje& ro many
ether-things which are betrer felt than told. Audrew
snatch'd at the Provender, and seeing no
likelibood-of any more, he made his Leg and went
off. ' Bur looking' over his Shoulder at Don fQu/x-
ne; bark ye, -you Sir Knight-Errant, cry'> he; if
ever you meet me again in your Travels, which I
hope:you never shall ;- though T were torn in pieees,.
do'nt trouble me- with your plaguy help, bur
mind your own Business: ;- and so fare you wel},
vith a- Curse upon you and all the Knight-Errants
ever- were born. The Knight: thought to

Chastise. him; but : the Lad was too. nimble for

Y The Life and Hichievements-

any there, og his EIT HO carry'd hoe off; leay:
Don Mzixore hy it, 4% Story, Whit
mov'd the Fey £0" h fi Laughte

ol ra Gould ale: A Are 2 CAngags,

1099S; "1, hy 99 2a5i:54 51%

rye V4 Ts

CHAP. V,

$5] oGr ils 20} nu! :
Nhat Ap, Don Quixare Lhd bis 3' ew rn

8 * thy As rt br $ #0

H E N Hay! bid extery "plentifully, 5

lefc that Place, and travelr we that Dy
and the, next withour -meeting”any thing, wh
notice. till they came: tothe! Inn, which. waysp
Th Fightful. a Sight: co ,pooy Spxebo, bar; he woull
willingly not have: ganeilin;/\bur. onig »
'# means ayoid-it..; The Inn-keeptr, the, Hostels
K Daughter, and iMaritetve, mer:Dpo uote
Squire wich a very hearty Weldoms : The ight
receiv'd them with a Face: of Gravity and-AppiÞ6
bation, -bidding. them: prepare:him a. -better; Red
thantheir.last Entertainmeng./afforded him, Sit,
Faid the Hostess, pays derier-than . you didithei
and you thall have # Bed fora Prince 5 and uphs
the Knight's Promise.ithat; be' would, she. ptoyis
ded him a'$olerable-Ref;in:the large-Roog when
j/ helay before-: He prefettly indreG'd,, and/baing
heartily icraz'd \in Body as-well as in Mind,
went to Bed +. he was scarcely: goe $0: his-Chaite
ber, when the - Hostess flew suddenly ac the fit
ber, and catching him by the: Beard ;z - on my lish
Gd: ihe, - you shall us& my;Tailng: lod gar Au

7 © %y © VET OE Oe RE TIN

of the renowwa Dow Quixote. 387

ay Beard, pray Sir give my Tail, my Husband
- \Beard, pray .g2Ve me my » my |

vhic _—_ ro tt k his thing into, his Comb I meap,
Ne and my Tail I will have, Sir. The Barber held
WB tygg- with her till the Curate advis'd hin to rediv
iaurn it, telling him that he mjght now undis-
1B guise bimself, and tell Don Qu:xote that after the
20, B (Gally-Slaves had pillag'd him, he fled to that Inn;
12> and if he should ask for rhe Princess's Squire, he

thov'd pretend that he was dispatch'd tg her King-
dom before, her, to give her SubjeRy an Account
of her arrival, and of the Power she brought to
Free: them all from Slavery. © 'The Barber: thus.
{chool'd,” gave the Hostess. her. Tail, with the
other -Trinkets which -he had. borrow'd to decay
Don 2uixyre out of the Desart. .Dorothea's Beauty,

they WÞ -and Cargenio's ' handsome Shape surpriz'd every

B Body. The Curate bespoke Supper, and the Hoit
wh deing pretty secure of his Rechonung, soon got
way so them a tolerable Entertainment. - "They *would
W not :disturb rhe Knight, who slept very soundly,
by. W BU for his Distemper wanted. Rest more t ag Meat;
{ # | hut they diverted themselves with the Hostess's

ad [hp t- of his Encounter with the Carriers, and

0 ho's being toss'd in a Blanker. Don Quixete's
APPIE Bf nnaccountable Madness was the principal Subje& , 7
er: Bed © of their Discourse, upon which the Curate insisting,” _._ it
3, it; and arguing it to proceed from his reading Ro- ' |
di thei, Bf .mances, the Inn-keeper took him: up. .. Sir, said
& up Bf he; you can't make me of. your Opinion ; for
pov» B in-my Miad, it is the pleasantest Reading that
whets ff ever was. I have now in the House two or, three
1/be1of BY Books of that kind, and some other Pieces, that
nd, Bf really have kept me and many others, alive, In
Chat EY -Harvest-time a great many of theReapers ,come
he Birr & to-drink | here in the . heat of rhe Day, nd he
ny list. tthat-can read. best among us takes vp ons. Fa, e
7 ard! J00ks;-.38d. all the xa(t. of jus, sometinges, thu
wy 8 Fr

aid the Hostess, for then we should have some
mour and so sadppish, ther 'we lead a hellish lik

Stories in those Books, (especially that one about
the young Lady who'is hugg'd so sweetly by

you:af this Matrer gone Miss, . said the Cura

to the Inn-Keepers
said she, I don't understand” those things, and yet

Loss of their Miftrefles, fomertrmes makes me
woman, said Dorethes, you will be tender-heartsd,

and will never let a Lover die for you. I doat
know whar may happen-as to that, said- the Girl;

Soul or Conscience to let fuck fine Gentlemen

or more, fit round aboht him, and: listen with sugh
pleasure, that we think neither of Sorrow na
Care ; as for my own Part, when I hear the mighty
Blows and dreadful Barrels of these Knight-Er.
rants, 1 have half a mind to be one my self, amd
»mrais'd to such a life and briskness, that I fright
away old-Age; I could fit and hear them from
Morning ll Night. *I wish you wou'd Husband,

rest; for at all other times you are so our of hy.

with you, That's true enough, said Maritorng;
and for my part I think there are mighty pretty

her 'Knight under the Orange-Tree, when the
Damsfel watches left some: Body comes, and stands
with her Mouth watering 'aH the while ; and 4
thousand such Stories, which I would often fora
my. Dinner and Supper to hear. - And what think

tots

aughter ? Alack a-day, $i,

F love to hear 'em; bur I don't like that frighiful
u ly fghting that so pleases my Father. Indeel
dre sad Lamentations of the poor Knights for the

like any thing. I suppose then young. Ge

bur this T know, thar I will never give any

reason to call me Tygrefs and Lionness, and1
de know how many other ugly Names, as thok
Ladies are often caJF'd, and 1 think they desert
yer worse, so they do; for they can have neithet

F Oxp-vmrmeors Mug toe ah 4. a. ho

or-run mad- for a sight of them ? | What signifies
all-cheir fiddling-ar.d coyness ?- If they are civil
nighty # Women, why don't they Marry *empfor that $ all
b-B B their: Knights wou'd: be at-? Hold your prating
If, and B Mistress, said the Hostess, how cameyou to know
ight B all this ? *Tis not-forsuchras-you to talk»of ese
1 from © Matters. The Gentleman oaly ask'd me a Questisband,
B on, said she; and; it- would be uncivil not to-ane
some swer- him. Well, said the Curate, do me the
of hy. Y favour, good Landlord, to bting out these Books
ish lie .that I- may haves. a stght of them.

shorner; With all my- Heart, said the Inn-keeper; andpretty
BY with chat stepping to his Chamber,..he open'd a

about BY little Portmantle that flirt with a Chain, , and

tly by Y took: out-three large Volumes with a,-parcel of
en the BY Manuscripts in a: fair Jegible-Letter :-. The Title:

shank BY of -the- first was Don Cirongilio of Thrace, the se»

anda BW cond:Felixmarte of Hircania, and the third was the

foryn © History of the Great Captain Gongolo Hernandez de
rchink W Corgubs, .and the Life- of Diego. Garcia.de Paredes,
Curatt BY bound: together. | The Curete reading- the. Tit!
ay, ih tara'd to the Barber, and. told him, .they,wante
ind yet Bf ow Don Quixeti's House-keeper and his N

ightfil B dhall do- as well withthe Books said the Barber,

for-I:can find. the. way to-the-Back-yard, or the -

for th U Chimney, there's 4 good Fite-that will do: their
ney Business: Business !. said-the Inn-keeper, I:hope
ze you wou'd not burn my. Books. Only two of
carted, Þ them, said: the: Curare, : this ame Don Cirougilio
1 dont BY and//his Friend: Felixwarre. 1 hope 'Sir,, said the
e Girl; BY Host, -they are neither. Heretjcks nos Flegmaticky
y Body BY Schistharicks you mean; said the Barber; 1 mean so
and1 ud the Inn. keeper, and if - you must) burn any,

it be this of Gong a/o Hernandez, and Diego Gagcia,
for-you: shonld sooner burn-one of - my Children
than; the others. These - Books, honest Friend,
Gid.the Curate, that you appear: so goncern'd for,

jece; I-

gl: are.

Army (of above a Milton and: Six tundred'c

390: - The Life--avd:. Atchrevements
are sensless Rhapfodics of: Falshoods 'and - Folly;
and this which you so despise is a true History,
and contains a- true Account of two celebrated
Men ;: the first by his- Bravery-and Courage pur
chas'd / immortal Fame, . and” the 'Name of /!the
Great General, ' by-+the | universal: Consent of
Mankind. The orher, : Dizgs: Garcia de i Paredd,
was of Noble ExtraQion;' and born in Truxil
Town of Esftremadzra, 'and:® was: a Man of sir
gular Courage, and such mighty 'Serength; that
with one of his Hands he could stop. a Mill
wheell in ies most rapid Motion ; and with his
single'force defended the Passage of a Bridge! +
gainst a great Army. © Several other great Aion
are related 'in the Memoirs of his'Life, but-all
with so much Modesty: and -unbiass'd Truth, th
they easily pronounce him-his own Hiftoriogrs
Pher ; and had they been writren'by any one elle,
with Freedom and-Inpartiality, they mighr hare
eclips'd your He#or's, Aobilleses, and Orlandv's with
al their 'Heroick.. Exploits, ' That's a fine Jeh
Faith, said 'the Tan-keeper,” my Father:could
told you * znother Tale; Sir. * Holding: «| Milk
Wheel! 'why, +5 thar such a mighty Marter } did}
fish, do bur' turn' over # Leaf of 'Felixzmr arre there;
you'll*find 'how- with one! smgle: Back-ftrokebi
cut five -swinging Giants 'off! by che middle, lit
so many Bean-stalks ; and 'iread? how at 0
time he: Charg'd' s most Mighty- and: Po _
sand fighting 'Men;” af iArnv'd © Cap-a-pee,,/ aid
Roured —_— -— \Þ: many Shorp, And what
can” you say''of- the Cirongilioi of ;
you say” y Girong | merom

who, 'as 'you-may-rend There," going: by \

Day, was assaulted'by* fiery Serpent in! the mid
dle of 'the River j he'presently leap'd nimblyup
on hee Back, (ard hanging * by her: Sealy Neek
© » gra

x TS 5% Y FT 4 UE ER TT

of WA.

» of the revown?d Den Quixote. 397
grasp'd her Throat fast with'both his Arms, so
thac the Serpent finding her self almost strangl'd,
was forc'd: to dive into the Water to save her
self, and carry'd the Knight who would not quit
his hold, to the very bottom, where he found a
Stately Palace and such pleasant Gardens, that
twas a wonder ; and strait the Serpent tarn'd
into a very old Man, and told him such things
as were never heard nor spoken. Now a Fig.
for your great Captain, and your Diege Garcia.
Cardenio and Derothes hearing the vehemenceof
his Discourse, imagin'd that he . wou'd make
another Don NQuixore; I tell thee Friend, (said
the Curate); there were never any such Persons.
as*your Books of Chivalry - mention, upon the
Face of the Earth 5 your Felixmarte of Hircanis,
and your Cirongilio of Thrace, ate all bur Chimeras
and Fiftions of idle and luxuriant Wits, who
wrote them for the same Reason that you read
them, because they had nothing else to do.
Sir, (said the Inn-keeper) you must. Angle-with
another -Bair, or you'll. cardly no Fish.. I know

what's what, as well as another; I can tell where -

my own Shooe pinches:me; and you. must got
think Sir, to catch old Birds with Chaff ;. 'tis a-
Pheasant Jest, faith, that you should precend toperswade
me now that: these notable Books are
Lies and Stories ; why Sir, are they not in Print ?
Are they not Publish'd according to Order ? Li-
tens d by Authority from the. Privy. Council ?
And do you think that they - would permit so
many Lies tobe Printed: at once, and such a
'& Nudiber of. Battels and Enchantments to set-us

\alf'a madding ? T have told you already (Friend)
reply'd the Curate, that this is Licens'd for our
Amusement in our idle Hours ; 'for the same

Neck Reason; char Tennis, : Billiards, Chef, and other

Recreation

eg ot BE ROS

ES 4s _

”_ > 1atb%4 na. 1:6 us 2 To y L
dE: ern A Ce aa aa Es, OE Os

Won-om

Lo OE

a Exp wn gs, IT
3-42, AN IDX
SOIT 4 Wage

p aey

Oe WEIY —

ek I EO TEE Gag , *
GE Ee ee eee Sarwar ocean Ye eras Dre oe

2 The Life and Atchievementt

Recreations are tolerated, that Men may sin
a Pastime for those hours 'they cannot find In
pfoymenrt for. Neither+ could the: Government
foresee this Inconvenience from such-Bdoks, tha
you-- urge, *because they could not reasonably sup
pose any Rational Person would believe their A

firdities- And -were- this a proper time, I couli
say a great deal -in Favous of such*Writings, and
how with some Regulations they might be made
beth- instruftive and 'diverting; bur 1 design up
on the first? Opportunity to + communicate mp
thoughts on this Head ro some-that may Redreh
it: In-the mean time, honest Landlord, you
may put-up your Books, and believe them tm
if you please, andimuch good may do you. -An
F-wwish- you 'may never have the same blind side
with your Guest Don *2xixete. There's no sea
of thar, said rhe Inn-keeper, for I never defignty
turn Knight-Erranr, because I find the Cu
supported that Noble Order are quite ay

About-'the middte - of * their Discourse,: enter
Saxcho, whom 'their 'Conversation, especially'a

the Curare's side, made very uneaste ; he re
however (in spight of all their Contempt «
Chivalry) still to stick by his Master; and ifs
wnrended Expedition fail'd of Success, then to
return to his Family and Plough. As the la6
keeper was carrying away-+the Books, the Curate
defir'd his leave: to look over those Manuscript
which appeared in so fair a CharaCter ; he reackil
them to kim,»to the number. of ' eight Sheets, i
one of which there was writterin a large Hand
The Novel of the * curious *Impertinent. The Title,
said the Curate, promises something, perhaps
my be worth reading through ; your Reverency -
said the Inn-keeper; may be worse employ'd ; iy |

ia tare EBAcr.a@o <ao2 £34 .ma©-y- Sus {LES oy wi co. es <4 Gs. wi.

of-che-renown*d Dop-Quixate. 393

B-those Papers have receiv'd the Approbation-of
several ingenious Guests of mine that read them,
aud who would have begg'd them of me ; bur'k
would by no means part with them, till I deliver
them to the Owner of this Portmantle who forgot
it here with these Books and Papers; I may
perhaps see him again, and restore them. bonesUy,
for{\ am as much a Christian as my Neighbours,
though I am an Inn-keeper. Burt 1 hope (said
Womare) 41f ic pleases me you won't deny- a

py of it. Nay, as to that Matter, . said the

sl) we shan't fall out. Cardenio having by this
perus'd it a little, recommended it to the Curate,
and untreated him to read it for the Entertainment
of the. Company. The Curate would have excus'd
himself by urging the- unseasonable time
of Night, agd that sleep was then more proper,
especially for: the Lady; a pleasant Story, said
Dorothea, will prove the best Repose for some
hours to me, for my Spirits are not compos'd
enough to allow me to rest though I want ir.
Frog Nicholas and Sancho joyn'd in the Request. To
Please ye then, and satisfy my own Curiosity, said
the Curate, I'll begin, if you'll bur give your

apt 3s :

cage = os a ec Mar

ces ati WD.

RE a Er a, ee A Eo —_ _—_—

with a Beautiful Lady of the same City ; so Ems

394 The Life'and Atchievements

REIT

CHAP. VL
The Novel of the Curious Impertinent,

a Nselmo, and Lothario, Considerable Gentls
men of Florence, the Capital City of Tuscan,
in 1taly, were so eminent for their Friendsh
that they were call'd nothing but the Two Fri

They were both Young and Unmarry'd, of the
fame "Age and Humour, which did not a little
concur to the continuance of their mutual Af
fetion, though, of the two, Anselmo was the most
Amorously inclin'd, and Lothario the greater 16
ver of Hunting ; yet they lov'd one another
bove all other Considerations, and mutnally quit:
red their own Pleasure for their Friend's ; and
their very Wills, like che different Motions
a well regulated Watch, were always subse
vient to their Unity, and still kept time with on
another. Anscimo at last, fell desperatefy in'ok

thle
obta

nent for her Fortune and Family, that he resolv
by: the Consent of his Friend (for he did nothing
without his Advice) to demand her in Marriage.
Lethario was the Person employ'd in this Aﬀair, Free
which he manag'd with that Address, that in of Wik
few days he put his Friend into Possession of CaÞ\/
»ils, for that was the Lady's Name ; and thisso YM |
much to their Satisfa&tion, that he receiv'd a thougi1Z «
sand Acknowledgments from both, for the equa"
Happiness they deriv'd from his endeavours. Lg:

rhario, as long as the Nuptials lasted, was evelf on:

of the-yenown'd: DomQuixate: 395
at:fafelme's, and did: alt hecould to: add; toi
rhe Sports and Diversions bf the Occasion. Bur
— j soon: as: the new marry'd' Pair . had'receiv'd
the Congratulation' of | their 'Friends, and the
Nuptial i Ceremonies; were: oyer,: | Lothsrio:. retir'd
[with thereft of: their Acqudintance; and: forbore
I his 'Visirs, - -becauferhe> prudently ,imagin!d; that
MN. Fawamot av:all: proper 'to.be fa:frequehrt at; bis
Friend's House :after Marriage as before:; :for tho!
we Friendship! catirely? Banishes all: Suspicion
and Jealousy, -yet the Honourtof & Marry'd Man
v$ot-{0 __ = ay nie wr __ —_
sometimes sully'd -by. t nversation-of | t

nearest! Relations, and, therefore : more: hable to
suffer from. that. of i:a' Friend. Anselmo, observ'd
this Remifiness of iZ2rharve, and; fond as he was
of his: Wife, shew'd by this tender Complaints
bow :much iti-affe Qed him;/'- He! told him, that
i# he could have believ'd he must have lost so
dear a: Correspondence. by Marriage ;. as much as
ant be-dov'd, he would -never have ” mn so great a
ons of price for the SatisfaEtion-of his Passion ; | and that
be would never for- the: idle Reputation of a
me ff cautious © and; suffer iso. tender and! agrees
+1 foe len Name to be lost: as that of The two Friends,
which before: his. Marriage: they had: so- happily
obtain'd ; and -therefore. he- begp'd'-him,/if that
vere'a Term Lawful to be usd betwixt them
wo, 'to return to his former Familiarity and
Affair, Freedom »of Conversation ; -assuring him that his

29, andithiat- being acquainted with their ancithis

{Ye and ftriQ- Friendthip, » she. was equally sura
tho datifouncxpelied a Change... Lotharis reply'd
\e eqtl{Þ9thest endearing Persuasions of his Friend, warts
rs, Ini Prudence and Discretion, that he convine'd

5 evelf um of the sincerity of his. intentions. in v_

in of Vife's Will. and. Pleasure. were entirely form'd by:

rata, 2 \Bhpartru

296 The Lifo and Atchievements

the' Husband of a beautiful Wife ought to beis

ke had done;:/'and/! so 5ir conclusion:they- agree
that Lothario should Dine: twice a Week at his
House besides Holy-days: Vet: Lothario's. Com.
Pliance with this Resolution. being: only nor 49
disoblige'his Friend; he :design'd. to observe.it nd
farther then he should 4idd It consistent with as
felmo's 'Honour, © whose Reputation was as dear ty
Ainr as his own ; and he-us'd to teH him, tha

cautious 'of che»Eriends':; whom he carry'd home
ro her himself; as other female 'Acquaintance,
and Visitaats. Fora Friend's, or Relation's House,
ofren renders the contrivance . of those thi

easie,, and not suspefted,.: which could not:

compals'd either in: the Church, the Markers, or
at publick Entertainments ' and Places of Reson,
which no Man can eatirely keep a Woman from
frequenting. 'To: this- Anselmo reply'd, that for
that very Reason every Marry'd Man oughtto
have some Friend to put him in mind of the de
feats of his Condut; for a Husband's Fondnels
many. times makes him either not see, or at least
for fear of displeasing his Wife, not-command of
forbid her . what. may be. advantagious or prejudi
cial ro his Reputation. - In all which, a Friend's
Warning and Advice might. supply him with a
proper Remedy. But where shall we find a Friend,
so qualify'd with Wisdom and Truth as Anselm
demands? EF must confess I'cannat tell, unlessit
were Lothari», whose'Care of his Friend's Honour
made him so cautious as not to comply with his
promis'd viliting [Days,: lest 'the Malicious Ob!

servers should give : a |; Scandalous: Cenfure off |
the frequent Admission: of so well qualify'dizf ej
Gentleman, | both for bis. Wit, Fertupe, Youtw Bl vy”
5nd Address, ro the House of a Lady of io celeb & Fig
ted a Beauty as Camila. For though his Vie Þ full;

of the renown'd Don'Quixote. 399

reell was sufficiently known, to check the Growth of
be any malignane Report, yet he would not suffer

om. BY his Friend's Honour nor his own to run the ha.
c0Þ zard of being call'd in Question ; which made
tad BY him spend the greatest part of those Days he had
14s by Promise devored to this Friend's Conversation,
irs Þ in other Places and Employments ; yet excusing
that U his Absence so ey; that 4nselmo could not
bes Þ deny the Reasonableness of what he alledg'd.
And thus the time pass'd away in pathetick Acance;
Þ cusations, of , want of Love and Friendship on one
ouse, 6s, and plausible Excuses on the other.
hi -] know very well, said Anselmo, walking one
ot''be © Day in the Fields with his Friend, that of all the
ts, 'of Favours and Benefits for which Heaven commands
sort, Y my Gratitude, as the Advantage of my Brith, For-
from © tune, and Nature; the greatest and most oblie
t for | ging is the Gifec of such a Wife, and such a Friend ;
hy both of you Pledges of so great value,
ie de» IN that tho' 'ris imposlible for me to raise my Esteem
ind Love equal to your Deserts, yet is no Man
tapable of having a greater. And yet while F
Yam in Possession of all that can or usually does
rejud» BY make a Man happy,lI livethe most discontented life
riend's © in the World. I am not able to tell you when my
Misery began, which now inwardly torments me
with so strange, extravagant, and singular a De-
4nseim Þ fire, that I never refle& on it, but I wander at my
less it'Ff elf, and condemn and curb my Folly, and would

lonout F fain-hide my Desires even from my self: And yet
by Fhave receiv'd no more advantage from this prius
Ob!

vate Confosion, then if I had publish'd my Extra-
Yagance. to all the World. Since therefore 'tis
engent that it will at Jast break our, dear Lothawy
1, 1 would have it go no farther than thy known
Nl Figenty and Secresy ; for that and my own Ins
Sustry (which as my Friend thou wik turn to m
Ih. | T ' Assistance

v68 The Life and Atchjevements
Afstance) will quickly I'hope free me from'thi
Anguish 'it now gives - me, and* restore me, tlit
Tranquility of ' Which my'own Folly has tow {+

priv'd me. | "
Letharie stood in great {pipenEe, unable to gut

at the Consequence of so strange and prolix un
Tatroduttion. ' Th vain he rack'd his Imagination
For the Causes of his A ENe'E Afﬀi@&ion, the
\Fruth was the last thing;he |

t e "could rhink of. ; but
no longer to! remain ir; doubr, he "told Anselm;
that he did his Friendship a particular Tnjury, i
not coming direQly to. the'Point in the discove
of his Thoughts to him, since his Counsels miykt
Enable him to support, and perhaps to lose or cons
pass such importunate Desires.

Tis very true, reply'd\ 4nselmes, and with thi
Afﬀerance I must inform you, 'that the Desire tht
gives me so much Pain, is to know whether Canil
{a be really as Virruous as I think her. Nor
this be made evident but by such a Trial, thit
like Gold by the Fire the Standard and Degree
of her Worth be discover'd. For in my Opin
on,no Woman has more Virtue than she retaiy
after the force of the. most earnest Solicitations
Casta ct quam nemo rogavit: And she only may
aid to be Chaste who has withstood rhe Forced
Tears, Vows, Promises, Gifts, and all the Impt

xunities of a Lover that is nor easily deny'd : Fot wh
where's the Praise of a Woman's Virtue whom n0 fuj
Body has ever endeavour'd to corrupt ? Whey of
3s the Wonder if a Wife be Resery'd, when she lu Gif
no Temptation nor Opportunity of being oi tha
wise ; especially if she have a jealous Hu all
with whom the least Suspicion goes for a Realinhl T4
and who therefore punilhes the least. Appeara sun
with Death. Now, I can neve fine

her, who owes her Virtue merely

of Opportunity of being False, 'as 'F- would one
. #$»& who Viftoriously furmounts all the Afsaules of 'a
kt | vigorous and watchful Lover, - and yet retains her

+ Virtue intire and unshaken. These, and many
gues others Reason, which I could urge to strengthen
rn my Opinion, make me desire that my Camils's
Virtue may pass through the fiery Trial of vigout}

r0us Solicitations and Addresses, and these offer'd
tut & by a Gallant, who may have Meric enough” to

af deserve her good Opinion ; and if; as Fam confi.
ry, in dent she will, she be able to resist so agreeable a
Temptation, IT shall think my self the most hapmio

py Man in the World, and attain to the height
r com. | and utmost aim of my Desires; and shall say,

4 rfl the Wise Man says, Who can find her ? Tf she yields,
M T shall at least have the SatisfaQtion of finding my

ci | Opinion of Women justifiy'd ; and ndt be impos'd

rot} 00: by 2 foolish Confidence, that abuses most.
1. ti: | Men; which Consideration. will be sufficient to

make me support the Grief I shall derive from so
expensive an Experiment. And, assuring my self
that nothing which you can say can diflwade me
from my Resolution, I desire that you your self,
my dear Friend, would be the Berfon to put my
Design in Execution. I will furnish you with Opportunities
enough of making your Addrefles, in

suppose likely to prevail, and mollify a Woman
of Quality, without Passion, -aad reserv'd, and
discreet by Nature. The most prevailing Reason
her} that makes, me choose you for this Aﬀair above
Yall others ;' is, because if she should prove sp
Frail-aF to be overcome by Address and Impor«

nities; - the Vicory will not cost me so dear,

tige .of which another 'might make no Scrople.
Jr iÞ8 2 8 And

that a Virtuous Woman is fallen to my Lot, of whom

which I would have you omit nothing you may -

since Tam secur'd from -your taking that Advan= -*

— ESD "_ NY wn k
vt 32 Mas NE EG eas "Ian d WHEY SSSS Ch SEE= nga

heat

400 The I aft e and Atchievements;

And so my Honour wil remain untouch'd, and
the intended Injury a Secret, in the:Virtue of thy
Silence ; for I know my Friend so well, that
Death and the Grave will as soon divulge
Aﬀairs. Wherefore if you would give me Lil
Andecd, and deliver me from the most perplexing
Torment of Doubt, you will immediately begin
this Amorous Assault, with all that Vigour, Afi.
duity, and Courage, I expe& from that Confi.
dence I put in your Friendship.

Lothario gave so great an Attention to /nsclm's
Reasons, that he gave him no other Interruption,
than what we mention'd. Bur, now finding his
Discourse was at an end, full of Amazement at

the Extravagance of the Proposal, he thus reply'd,
Cauld I, my dear Anselmo, perswade my self that
what you have said were any more than a piece of
Raillery, I should not have been so long silent; ng
I should have interrupted you at the beginning &
your Speech. Sure you know neither your self
nor me, Anselmo, or you would never, have ett»
ploy'd me in such an Afﬀair, if you had not thought
me as much alter'd from what I was, as you seem
ro be; for as the Poet has it, »/que ad aras; A tre
Friend ought 0 dgsire nothing, of his Friend that is ofa
five to Heaven. But should a .Man so far exert his
Friendship, as to deviate a little from the Severity
of Religion in Complaisance to his Friend, no
erifling Motive can excuse the Transgression, and
only his Honour and Life can make any tolerable
Apology. Which therefore of these 4»fe/mo is in
danger, to warrant my undertaking so detestable
2 thing as you desire? Neither, I dare engage:
On the contrary, you would make me the Assault
ter of both, in which my own is included ; for
to rob you of your Reputation, is to take away
your. Life, since an Intamous Life is worn wy

of the renown'd Don Quixote. 4or'

Death ; and by making me the-guilty Inftrumenr

of this, as you would have me, you make me--

worse than a dead Man by the Murder of my Re-'
tation: ThereforelI desire you would hear with *
atience what I have to urge against your extravagant

Desire, and I shall afterwards hear your '

Reply without Interrpution. Anse/mo having pro- -
mixd his Attention, Lethario proceeded in thismanner
In my-Opinion you are not unlike the

Moors, who are incapable of being convinc'd ofthe

Error of their Religion, by Scripture, speculative
Reasons, or those drawn immediately fron”
the Articles of our Faith; and will yield to nothing

but Demonstrations as evident as those of *

the Machematicks, and which can as little be de-

ny'd, as when we say, 1f from two equal Parts we

take away two equal Parts, the Parts that remain are
#lfo equal.

and obvious to their Senses; and yet all this la»
bour will at last prove ineffeQual to the cone

vincing them of the Verities of our Religion.

The fame must be my Method with you, since

ur strange desire is so very foreign to all man-
> of Reason, thar I very much fear I shall

spend my Time and Labour in vain, in endeavour-
ng to convince you of your own Folly, for F'
Nay, did I not love *

can afford it no other Name.
you as I do, I should leave you to the Prosecution
of your own odd Humour, which certainly
tends to your Ruine. But to lay your Folly a litthe
more open, you bid me Ansc/ms attempt x
Woman of Honour, cautious of her Reputation,
and one who is not much inclin'd to Love ;. for alt
these pood Qualifications you allow her. IF
therefore you already _ your Wife oo

And when they do not understand +
this Proposition, which they seldom do, we are
oblig'd by our Hands, to make it yet more plain

I : 2x5iu
to LM — 3 fax

en aig aa d bn tt et

402: The Life and _Atchievements
sess'd of all these Advantages of Prudence, Disfcres;

tion, Honour, and Reservedness, what have you.

more tg enquire after ? And if” you believe, as I.
my- self do, that she will be. impregnable to al]
my Afsaulrts, what greater and better Names will
you giye-;her, than she already deserves ? Either
you pretend to think better of her, than really you
do, or else you desire you know not what your

tel, Bur then if you do-not believe her as Virtu-,

ous as you pretend, why would. you- put it to the
Trial, why do you not rather use her as you think
she deserves'?? On the other hand, if she be as
good as you profess, you' believe her, why would
you go to tempt Truth-and Goodness it self, without
any Teasonable prospe& of Advantage ? For
when the Trial is over, she will be bur the same
Virtuous Woman she was before. Wherefore 'tis
allow'd that it 1s the effe&t of Temerity, and want
of Reason, to attempt what: is likely to produce
nothing but Danger and Detriment 'to the Under.
taker, especially when there is-no Neceflity for it,
and when we may easily foresee the Folly of the

Undertaking. There: are but these Motives to irÞ

cite- us to difficult Attempts, Religion, Interest,
or both together. The first makes the Saints
endeavour to lead Angelick -Lives in these frail
Bodies, the second makes: us. expose our selves to:
the hazards of :long Voyages and Travels 1 purs
{uit of Riches. The third Motive is compound«
ed, of both, and prompts us to a&@ as well for the
honour of God as for our own particular Glory:
and” Interests; as for Example, the daring Advens'
tures of the Valiant Soldier, who urg'd by bis du-'
ty to God, his Prince, and his Country, fiercely

1Uns-into the midst of a dreadful Breach, unterfis: |

fi'd with zany Considerations of the” Danger that:

threatens hum These are:things done every Deyy

<a bh | Fa |

and let them be never so dangerous, they give Ho--
nour, Glory, and Profitto those that attempr them.
But by rhe Proje& you design to reduce to an
Experiment; you. wif never obtain, either the-
Glory of Heaven, Profit, or. Reputation : Forshould
the Experiment answer 'your expeRation,
it will make no Addition either ro your Content,
Honour, or Riches; bur if it disappoint your
Hopes, it makes you the most miserable Man a-
live.” And the imaginary Advantage of no Man's .
knowing your Disgrace, will soon vanish when
you consider, that ro know it your self will be.
enough, to supply you perpetually with all the
rormenting Thoughts in the World. A Proof of
this, is what the famous Poet Ludovico Tansilo at
the end of his first Part of * St. Peter's Tears, says+
in these Words, $66.

Shame, Grief, Remarse in Peter's Breast increase,
Soon as the blusbinz Morn his Crim: betrays.
When most unseen, then most himself he sees,
And with due Horror all his Sonl surveys,

For # great Spirit needs no cens'ring Eyes
To wound hu Soul, when conscious of a Fault ;
But self-condemn'd, and Gen self-punish'd lies,

And dreads no Witness like upbraiding Thought:

So that your boasted Secresy, far from alleviating
your Grief, will only serve to increase it ; and if
your. Eyes do not express it by outward Tears,
they will slow from your very Heart in Blood.

This Poem written Originally in Italian, is transiated
RA Panisb by Juan Sedeno, and into French by
Malherbe, $5 21 |
ip T 4 "0

So. wept that simple Door, who, as our Poet

tclts us, made that Experiment on the brittle Ves.
sel, which the more prudent Reynolds excus'd him.
self from doing. This indeed is but a Poetic]
Fiction, bur yet the Moral which it enforces is
worthy being observ'd and imitated. And x
cordingly I hope you will discover the strange
Mistake into which you would run, principally
when you have heard what I have farther to fgy
to you.:

Suppose, Arselmo, you had a Diamond, as valy
ble in the Judgment of the best Jewellers x

such a Stone could be, would you nor be farisfy'{

with their Opinion without trying its hardne
on the Anvil? you must own, that should it by

proof against your blows, it would not be one

4ot the more valuable, than really it was before

your foolish Trial ; bur should it happen to break, |

as well it might, the fp were then intirely
host, as well as the Sense and Reputation of the
Owner. This precious Diamond my Friend, 1s your
Camila, for so she ought to be esteem'd in all
Mens Opinions as well as your own z why then
would you imprudently put her in danger of faik
ing, since your Trial will add no greater value
to her than she has already ? Bur if she shoald
prove frail, refle& with your self on the unkap-
Piness of your Condition, - and how juftly you

might complain of your being the Cause. of both

her Ruine and your own. Consider, that as a modest
and honest Woman is the most valuable Jewel
in the World, so does all Womens Virtue and
Honour consist in the Opinion and Repuratiog
they maintain with other People. And since that
of. your Wife is perfe&, both in your own and all

other Mens Opinion, why will you go, tony
puxpose,.to call the reality of it in Question "_

of the renown'd Don Quixote. 46 S.

must remember, my Friend, that the Nature of
Women is at best but weak and imperfe& ; and
for that Reason we should be so far from casting
Rubs in its way, that we ought with all imaginable
Care to remove every Appearance that
might hinder its Course to that PerfeQion it wants,. -
which is Virtue.

If we believe the Naturalists, the Ermine is a '
very white little Creature ; when the Hunters -
have found its Haunts, they surround it.alinost
with Dirt and Mire, towards which the Ermine
being forc'd to fly, rather than sully irs native.
White with Dirt, it suffers it self. to be taken,
preferring its Colour to its Liberty and Life. The
Virtuous Woman is our Ermine, whose Chastity is
whiter than Snow ; but to preserve its Colour un»
fully'd, you must observe. just a contrary Method :

The Addresses and. Services of an importunate-

Lover, are the Mire into which you should never
drive a Woman, for 'tis ten to one she will not
be able to free her self and avoid it, being but
too apt to stumble into it ; and therefore that”

ould be always remov'd, and only the Candour

and Beauty of Virtue, and the Charms of a good”
Fame and Reputation plac'd before her. A goed-
Woman is also not unlike a Mirrour of Crystal,
which will infallibly. be dimm'd and stain'd by
breathing too. much upon it: She must rather be
usd like the Reliques of Saints, ador'd but not
touch'd ;,or like a Garden of curious tender.
Flowers, . that may at a distance gratify the Eye;
but are not permitted by the Master to be trampkd
on or touch'd by every. Beholder. T shall ada”
but a few Verses out of a late new Play, ver BG
for out present purpose, where a prudent old Man
advis'd his Neighbour that had a Daughrer, to I6ck
up close ; and gives these Reasons: for- it, beftdes
several-others. T 5 Since

466 The Life and Archievement;

Since nothing ws ftailer than Woman and Glas;,

He that wou'd expose 'em'to fall 6 an Ass;

And sure the rash Mortal is yet more unwise,

Who on Bodies so ticklish Experiments tries.
With Ease both are damag'd; then keep that with Can
Which no Art can restore, ner no Soaer repair.
Fond Man take my Counsel, watch what 5 so frail;
For, where Danaes lye, Golden Show'rs will prevail,

All I have hitherto urg'd relates only to you,
I may now at Jaft be allowed to consider what
regards "my self ; and if I am tedious I hop
you wall pardon me ; 'for, to draw you out of he
Labyrinth into which you have run your self, I
am forc'd on that Prolixity. You.call me Friend,
yet, what is absoluetly inconsistent with Friend
{hip, 'you would rob me of my” Honour ; Nay,
you stop not here, but would oblige me to destroy
yours: First, that you would rob me of
mine- is evident ; for what will Camila think
when I make a Detlaration of Love to her, but
that T'am a perfidious Villain, that make no scruple
of violating the most sacred Laws of Friend
thip, and. who sacrifice the Honour and Reputition
bf my Friend to a Criminal Pafston ? Secondiy,
that I destroy yours 1s as evident ; for. when
the fees, me take such a Liberty with her, str
will imagine” that T haye discover'd some Weakness
in her ther has given me assurance to make
her'so guilty a Discovery, by which Thecesteeming.
her self injur'd in her Honour, you veinh
the principal part of her, must of necessity be at
fe Qed with the Aﬀeronts she receives. For this is
the Reason phy the Husband, though never so d&-
{:rying, cautious, and carefu?, foff<rs the Infarny
ef a scandalous. Name if his Wife goes astray;

th Car

rail .
brevail,

irhereas in Reason he ought rather to be an Obs.
jc& of -Compassion than Centempr, * seeing the
Misfortune-/proceeds from the Vice and Folly of
his: Wife, - not his. .own Defe&s. |
Reason and Justice of the Man's Suffering for his
Wife's Transgreflion, may be serviceable: to you,
Tl: give. you the best account of itT can ; and

pray do not think me tedious, since this is meant

for your good. When Woman was given to Man,
and Marriage first Ordain'd in-Paradise, Man and
Wife were made and pronounc'd one Flesh ; the
Husband therefore being of a piece with the Wife,
whatever affe&s her affe&s him, ' as a part of her;
tho', as I have said, he has been no Occasion of it:
or as the. whole Body - is affeQted by the pain of
any part, | as the Head will share the pain of the
Foor, tho' it never caus'd that Pain, so is the.
Husband rouch'd with his Wife's Infamy, because
Jhe is a-part- of him. : And since all Worldly Hon-
ours and Dishonours 'are deriv'd from Flesh and
Blood, and'the scandalous Baseness of an unfaithful
Wife proceeds from the same Principle, it
necessarily follows-that the Husband, tho* no Party
1n the Offence, and intirely ignorant, and innocent
of it, must have his share of the Infamy. Lec
what 1 have 'said, my deay Anselme, rhake you.
sensible of the Danger into which you wou'd run,

by endeavouring thus ' to disturb the happy Tran---

quility and Repose that 'your Wife at present en-
Joys; and for how vain'a Curiosity, and extravagant
a Caprice, you would rouse, and awake those +
Peccant Humours which are now lull'd -asleep by
the Power of an 'unattempted Chastiry. Refle&
father, how small a Return you can expe& from
so hazardous a Voyage, and sach valuable Com+:
modities' as you venture ; for the Treasure you.
Willlose is so. great, and ought to be so Le”

of the renown'd Doi Quixate. 407”

But since the -

Te i I? FR "E
64 - of, ES et Þ EE EIN IS
SILRCESITSEIOS ES Wh 22ers: 9 Fu

go8 The Life and Atchievements
all Words are too inexpreflive to shew how muck
you. ought to esteem it. But if all I have said'be
roo weak to destroy your foolish Resolve, imploy
some-other Instrument of your Disgrace and Ruin;
for, tho' I should lose your Friendship, a Loss
which I must esteem the greatest-in-the World, ]
wul: have no hand in an Afﬀair so prejudicial to
your. Honour.

Letharie said no more, and- Anselmo discovering a
desponding Melancholy in his Face, remain'da |
great while silent and confounded. Art Iaft, I
have, said he, my Friend, listen'd to your. Discourse,.
as you might observe, with all the- At |
tention in Nature, and:every part of what you
have- said convinces me of the greatness of your
Wisdom and Friendship; and I must own, thay,
if-I suffer my Desires to-prevail over your Reasons,
I shua the Good and pursue the Evil. Bur yet,
my. Friend, you ought, on the-other side, to r6

*> fle&, that my Distemper is not much unlike that
of those Women who sometimes long for Coals,
Lime, nay, somethings. that are loathsome to the
very fight ; and therefore some little Arts should
be-us'd to endeavour my Cure, which might easily
be:affeRed if you would but consent to sollics
Camilla, though it were but weakly and rene
for I am sure she-will not be so frail to-surren
at the first Assaule, which- yet- will be sufficientto
give-me the satisfation-I desire : And in this you
will fulfil the Duty of our Friendship, in restoring
me- to Life, and securing- my Honour. by your
powerful and: perswasive Reasons. And you are
indeed bound as my Friend to do thus much to
secure me from betraying my. Defe&s and-Follies
ro a-Stranger, which would certainly shock their
Reputation, which you have taken so much pains
wo preserve; since I am, so bent on this Expat
ment;

to fsatisfie Arfelmo's Caprice, without

ent, thatif you refuse me, I shall certainly apply
Me ff where : And though a while Your Bo.
tion may suffer in Camills's Opinion, yet when
has-once prov'd Triumphant, you may cure
that Wound, and recover her good Opinion by a
sincere discovery of your Design. Wherefore I
conjures yo to comply with my Importunity, in
i ef all the Obstacles that may present themmos
to you, since what I desire 1s so little, and
the Pleasure F shall derive from it so great : For
as I have promis'd, your very first Attempt shall

farisfy me as much-as if you had gone through the |

whole Experiment. | |

Lothario plainly saw: that Anselmo's Resolutiou
was too much fix'd for any thing he could say to
aleer it, and finding that he threaten'd to betray his

Folly to a Stranger if he persisted in a Refusa), to .

avoid greater inconveniencies, he resolv'd to seem
to:comply with his Desires; privately designing
ivin

Camila any trouble, and therefore he defir'd bit
to break the Matter to no body else, since he
would himself undertake ir, and begin as soon as
he pleag'd. Anselmo embrac'd him with all the
Love and: Tenderness imaginable, and was as prodigal
of his "Thanks as if the very Promise had
been the greatest Obligation that could be 1aid:on
him. They immediately agreed on the next Day
for the Trial, at which time A»se/mo should give
him the Opportunity of being alone with her, and
Gold and Jewels to present her with. He advis'd
him to omit- no- Point of Gallantry, as Serenades,
and Songs, and Verses in- her Praise ; offering: to
mike 'em himself, if LCLotharis would. not be- at
the. trouble, But BAvtharis promis'd' him to. do
al himself, ' tho' his design was.far different from
4njelm's, |
Pra Matters

. 5 b _ 7 © - = q "0
DJ Dc? by Wo”, - = :
: 44 $i We D fs \ - — AIDEN s
lg” 4 oa _

LEES”. 4s # 2:1" 7 qeapert6 —-_
RS ur _ "0. 7
x Portia. LT ————_—w es

410 The Life und Althiewements

Gamila, sad with Concern, fox: the: absence. of her
Husband beyondhis usualibout,”. Ao herio:left him
there, and retir'd . homes, as: perisive how, to come
off handsome]y.:in this Ridiculous, Aﬀair, as-he
had lefe 4=selmo;pleas'd:; and: contented with his
undertaking it. But that Night, he: contriv'd a
way of :1tnpoling on. Arse/ne to: bis, SatigfhRinn,
without. offending:: Cami/a-', So: next day-heigons
to. 4:/elme's; and: was.receiv'd by: (Gem#4:with 2
Civility and Raspeitnobrcxable ra:the ungommgn
Friendihip she knew was between: :him-ahd - her
Husband. | Dinner being: over, Anselmo defir'd. his
\ Friend to keep his Lady Company till-his return
from an extraordinary Afﬀair,: that::would require
his Absence bout. an hour and half-; /Gamils des
sir'd him not to. go ; L«h4ri9: offteri&- to:go with
him ; but he pleaded peculiar Business, intreated
his Friend to stay, and enjoya'd his Wife not va
leave him alone till-his return ; 'and so he left theth
1 together, without any one to observe their Actions;
rs all the Servants being retir'd,ro Dinner. |
Thus Lothario found himself. enter'd. the Lists;
his Adversary before him; terribly arm'd.:witha
thousand piercing Beauties, suffcient to overcome
all the Men she should Encounter, which: gave him
cause enough to fear, his own Fate. : The first thing
he did in this. first Onfer,: was to lean his Head
carelesly on. his Hand, 'and beg:her leave to taks
a Nap in his Chair till has Friend came back:
Camiila told him she thoughr he: might. rest with
more ease on the Couch in the next Koom ; he des
clar'd himself fatisfi'd with: the Place whereke'
was, and:{o sl:pt till: his Friend came back. | 4u*
selmo finding his: Wafe-10 her Chamber, and L1tharw
asleep at his return, concluded that he had given
tacm

Matters: being ' thus adjusted,:; they. return'd t@
Anselmo's House,: where: they. found-the; Beautiful

chem time enough both for Discourse, and ' Re»
se ;' and therefore waited with a great deal'.of
patience for his Friend's awaking, that they
might retire and he might acquaint him with his
success. Lothario at last awak'd, and going 'out
with his Friend, he answer'd his Enquiry to this
purpose, That he did. not think it convenient: to
proceed farther at that time than some general
Prais@®of her Wir and Beauty, which would best
prepare his way for what he might-do hereafter;
and dispose her to give a more eafie and willing
Ear to what he should say to her : As the Devil,
by laying a pleasing and apparent Good at first be»
fore us, infinuates himself into -our Inclinations ;
so that he generally gains his Point before we discover
the Cleven-Foot, if his Disguise pass on us
in the betgnning. Anselmo was extreamly satisfi'd
with what Zothario said, and promis'd him every
day as good an Opportunity ; and tho' he could
not go every Day abroad, yet he would manage
his Condu& so well, that Camila should have no
cause of Suspicion. He took care todo as he said;
But Lothario wilfully lost the frequent Opportunities
he gave him ; however, he sooth'd him still
with Aslurances, that his Lady was inflexible, her
Virtue not to be surmounted, and that she had
threaten'd to discover his Attempts to her Hus.
band, if he ever presum'd to be so Infolent again ;
so far was she from giving him the Tteast Hope or
Encouragement. Thus far 'tis well, said Anselmo,
but yet Camila has resisted nothing bur Words, we
must now see what Proofhe is against more sub.
ftantial Temptations. To morrow I will furnish
ou with two thousand Crowns in Gold: to-present
with, and as a farther ' Bait you shall have as
much more in Jewels. - For Women, especially
if they are handsom, naturally love to go gaily =_
cat 11chly

hs Ws - >
S855 £ a _ p., Re” HEELS
OA, — = —_— — — — ISS

richly drest, be they never so'chaste and virtuous';
and if she have power to overcome this Temp.
tation, F1l give you no farther Trouble, Since I
have begun this Adventure, reply'd Lothario, I
will make an end of it; tho' I am sure her Re.
pulses will-tire our my Patience, and her Virtug
overcome any Temptation, and. baffle my EndeavVorrs.

The next Day Anselmo deliver'd him the four
thousand Crowns, and with them as many perplexing
Thoughts, not knowing how to supply his
Envention with some new Story to amuse hig
Friend. However, at last he resolv'd to return
the Money, with Assurance that Camila was un.
mov'd with Presents, as- with Praise, and as untouch'd
with Promises, as with Vows and sighs of

Love; and: therefore: all farther Attempts wou'd
be-bur a fruitless Labour. This was his Intention ;
but Fortune that medV'd too much in these Afﬀiirs
disappointed his Desrgns. For Anselmo having left
him alone with his Wife one day as he us'd to do;
privately convey'd himself into the. Closer, and
thro' the Chinks of the Door set himself to observe
what they did ; he found that for one half hour
LofÞBario said not one word to Camilla, from whence
he conluded that all the Addresses, Importunities,
and Repulses with which he had amus'd him, were
pure Fiftions. But, that he might be fully satisf'd
m the truth of his Surmise,coming from h1s Covert
he took his Friend aside, and.enquir'd of him what
Camills had then said to him. and how he now
found her enclin'd ? Lotharie. reply'd, that he
would'make no farther trial of her, since her answer.
had now been so severe and awful, that he
durst not for the furure venture upon a. Discourle

so. evidently her. Aversion,

of 3 i ET ES

TESS X we.

Ah! Lethario.! Lothario! cry'd Anselmo, is it thus
that you keep your Promises ? Is this what I shou'd
expe& from your Friendship ? I observ'd you
through that door, and found that you said not a
Ward to Camilla ; and from thence I am very welt
satisfied, that you have only impos'd on me-all the
Answers and Relations you have made me.. Why
did you hinder me from employing some other,
if you never intended ta satisfie my Desire ? An»

felmo said no more, but this was enough to confound

Lothario, and cover him with Shame for being
found in a. Lie. Therefore, to appease his
Friend, he swore to him from that time forward:
to set! in- good Earnest abdut the Matter, and thar
so effeQually, that he himself if he wou'd again
we himself the trouble of observing him, should

d proof enough of his Sincerity. Anselmo believ'd
him ; and to give him the better opportunity,
he engag'd'a Friend of his to send for him with a
great deal of Importunity to come to his House at
a Village near the City, where he meant-to spend
eight Days, to take. away all Apprehension and-
Fear from both his Friend and his Wife.

Was ever Man so unhappy as Anselmo, who in«-
dustriously contriv'd' the Plot of his own Ruine
and Dishonour ! He had: a. very good Wife, and
possess'd her-in Quiet, without: any other Man's
mingling in his Pleasures ;- her- Thoughts were
bounded with-her-own House, and her Husband,
the only Exrthly Good she hop'd or thoughr on,
and her only Pleasure, and Desire ; his Will the
Ryle of her's and measure of her Condut. Whenbe
possess'd Love, Honour, Beauty, and Discretion,
without Pain or Toil, what shou'd provoke
tim- to seek with so much danger, and hazard of /
what -he had already, that which was nor to be
Hund in Nature-!+ He that aims- at things im«

rh 8 OW ROY gn Tn I. CI ICY mos

gms « 4
KY Dn be APR: TO Re ” Salad
g x . Neg 8 =y In 2 he
I. A 72 - ne "FTIR _— —— -
Cl ks A _ now ct a "; F” —
vita; Poa 4 n ENS Cs - Wo S-> :
: » 4 - ww nt _y ne _—_ a _
AG Pn A as Wo Wot k En ay. ING Ant” Boot. —_—_> _S4 __ _ 2

414 The Life: and Atchicvements
possible,ought justly to lose those Advantages which
are within, the Bounds ,of Polibility, as the Poet
In Death I seck for Life,
In a Disease for. Health,

For Quietness in Strife,
In Ptverty for Wealth,

And constant Truth in an inconstant Wife.

/;-- But sure the, Fates disdain
My mad Desires. to please,
Nor shall I &er obtain
What others get with Ease,
Since 1 demgnd what no Man er cou'd gain,

The next Day Anselmo went out of Town; has,
ving first inform'd Camilla, that his Friend L:chary,
would look after his Afﬀairs, and keep her Come.

Pany. .in/;his Absence, and defir'd her to make, -

as much of him as of himself. His Lady like a,
discreet Women, begg'd him to consider how improper
a thing it was for any other to take his:
Place in his Absence ; and told him, that if he
doubted. her Ability in managing her House, he
should try. her but this time, and she questiond
not but he would find she had Capacity $@ acquy
her | self to'-his satisfaftion in greater Matters.
Avuselmo reply'd.that it was her ,Dory not. to dis.
pute | but obey his- Command : To which she return'd;
that she would comply, tho' much again
her Will. In short, her Husband left the Town:
Lythario the next Day was receiv'd at her House
with: al: the respe& that; could be paid a Friend
so dear: to. her Hugband ;: but yer. wich sp men

». « aut1ion,

Ey wes 4 mA cu wm

E>P<t ry gre SAPPprOW©”P2,S,»

Caution, that she never permitted her self to be

keft. alone. with him, but (kept ;perpetually same
of ker Maids in the Room, _ chiefly .Leonela,: for

whom she had a particular Love, : as' having -been,
bred in her Father's House with her from her Infancy.

|
| + > 8 said nothing to her the three first Days,
notwithstanding he might have found an opportu=
nity when the Servants were gone to Dinner ; for
tho' the prudent Camila had order'd Leonela to dine
before her, . that she might have no occasion to go
out of the Room ; yes she who had other Aﬀairs
tdemploy her thoughts more agreeably to her Indinations
(ro gratify which, that was usually the
only convenient time she could find) was not so
very punCQtually obedient to her Lady's Commands,
but that she sometimes left them together. Lorharid
did: not yet make use of these advantages, as I
have Giid, being aw'd by the Virtue and Modesty
of Comila. But this silence. which she thus im«
4s en Zothario, had at last a quite contrary Ef.
For, (tho' he said nothing, his Thoughts
vere ative, his Eyes were employed to see -and.
furyey the outward Charms of a Form so perfe&,
that 'twas enough to fire the most cold, and soften
the most obdurate Heart. In these Intervals of
flence, he consfider'd how much she deserv'd to be
belov'd, and” these Considerations by little and
little undermin'd and assaulted the Faith which he
ow'd to his Friend.; A thousand times he-resolv'd
toleave the City and retire where Anse/mo should
never see him, and where he shou'd never more
behold the dangerous Face of Camila; but the ex-.
tream Pleasure he found in seeing her, soon deswy'd
so feeble a Resolve. When he was alone,
te wou'd accuse his want of Friendship and Relyioh,
7and' run into frequent Comparisons betwixt
himself

416 The Life and Atchievement;

himself and Auselmo, which generally concluded”
that Anselmo's Folly and Madness was greater thanhis
Infidelity ; and that, wou'd Heaven as easily:

excuse his Intentions, as Man, he had no cause to
fear any Punishment for the Crime he was going

to commit. In fine, Camila's Beauty, and the opportunity

given him by the Husband himself,

wholly vanquish'd his Faith and Friendship. Ang

now having-an Eye only to the means of obtaini

that Pleasure, to-which he was prompted with f0'
much Violence ; after he had spent the three first
Days of Anse!mei's Absence in a conflit betwixt
Love and Virtue, he attempted by afl means poss
fible ro prevail-wirh Camilla; and discover'd so much
Passion 1n his Words and ACions, that Camils sutpriz'd

with the unexpeQed Assault, flung from hint

out of the Room and retir'd with haste to her Chamber.
Hope is always born with Love, nor did this

Repulfe in the least discourage Zothario from farther

Attempts on Camills, whe by this appear'd more
charming; and+i more worthy his Pursuit. She on
the other hand, knew not what to do upon the
ny of that in Lotharie, which she never cou'd

ave imagin'd. The Refulrof her RefleQtons was
this, that since she cou'd not give him any opportunity
of speaking to her again, without the hazard
of her Reputation and Honour, she wou'd send-z
Letrer to her Husband to sollicithis Return to his
House. The Letter she sent by. a Meslenges tha
very Night, and it was to this purpose. -

CH A P. VIL

Jn which the History of the Cur ious Imperti= of
nent w pursud, - i
ul | A $ 'tis very improper to leave an Army without 8 'N
or A General, and a Garrison without # Governour, so #
to me it seems much mare imprudert to leave a young [1

marry's Woman without her Huband, especially when +7
there are no Affairs of Consequence to plead for his Ab

sence. 1 find my sclf so 14 in your's, and so impatient,
8:4 unable to endure it any longer, that if you come
nt. home very quickly 1 shall be oblig'd to return to my
Father's, the" I leave your Honse without any one to look
after it : For the Person to whom you have entrusted the
Care of your Family, has I believe more Regard to his
wn Pleasure than your Concerns, You are wise and pri
\dent, and therefore 1 shall say no more, nor « it convens

Abt - I sbou'd.
ww | Anselmo was not a little satisfy'd at the Receipt

of this Letter, which assur'd him that Lothario had
begun the Attempt, which she had repell'd ac»
cording to his Hopes ; and therefore he sent her
Word not toleave his House, assuring her it shou'd
not be Jong before he return'd. Camila was fur»
priz'd with his Answer, and more perplex'd than

fore, being equally affraid of going to her Father
and of staying at home ; in the First she dis
obey'd her Husþand, in the Latter ran the Risque
of her Honour, The worst Resolution prevail'd,
#hich was to stay at her own House, and not a.
void

oy "ot —— —_ i
wo rg; Ce ae eg -- EE NNN ICC
hs 5. I a+ % by
OO 1s” q p
2 Re A er rr 4 W— _k . <

418 ' The Life and Atchieven nts

void Lethario's Company, least it shou'd give some
Cause of Suspicion to her Servants. And now she
repented her writing to Anselmo, least he shou'd
suspe& that Zothario had observ'd some Indiscreti.
on in her, that made him lose the Respe& due to
her, and gave him Assurance to offer at the cor.
Tupting her Honesty: But confiding in Hez.
ven and -her own Innocence, which she thought
Proof against all Lothario's Attempts, she resoly'd
to make no Answer to whatever he thou'd say to
her, and never more to trouble her Husband with
Complaints, for Fear of engaging him in Disputes
and Quarrels with his Friend. For that Reason
she consider'd how she might best excule him to
Anselmo, when he shou'd examine the Cause of her
writing to him'in that Manner. With a Refolytion
so innocent and dangerous, the next Day she
gave Ear to all that Lethario said ; and he gave
the Assault with such Force and Vigour, that Cs
milla's Constancy cou'd not stand the Shock- unmov'd,
and her Virtue cou'd do no more than
guard her Eyes from betraying-rhat tender Compashon,
of which his Vows and Entreaties, and all
his Sighs and Tears hid made her Heart sensible,
Leothario discover'd this with an infinite SatisfaQion,
and no less Addition to his Flame; and
found that he oughr to make use of this Opportunity
of /nselms's Absence, with all his Force and
Imporrunity to win so valuable a Fortress. He
began with the powerful Battery of 'the Praise of
her Beauty, which being direaly pointed on the
weakest Part: of Woman, her Vanity, with the
greatest Ease and Patihty in the World makes'3
Breach as great as a Lover wou'd desire. Lo:hario
was 'not uns&ilful 'or remiss in the Attack, but
follow'd his Fire. so'close, that let Camila's Inte:
prity be built on'never so obdurate'aRock, i ;

as He ie — BE... I Yo. 25 hon as Aa. .T,}: Io 4 TONS ©

DP Eon

aft have fall'n; | He wept, pray'd, flatter'd, pro-

d, {ware, vow,d;' and thew'd to much Patlion

2d Troth in what:be said, that bearing down the
Care of her Henoyr, he at last triumph'd over

what he scarce: durst_ hope, tho' what he most of
all desir'd ; for she, at last surrender'd, even GCa-

milla surrender'd. . Nor ought, we 'to wonder, if
the yielded, since even. Lghario's Friendship and
Virtue were, not, able. to withstand the terrible
Assault; an evident Proof, that Love is a Power
roo strang to be, overcome by any thing bur fly-
+ ing, and that no mortal Creature ought to be so
presumptuous as to stand the Encounter, since
there -is Need of something more than human,
and indeed.z heavenly Force, to confront and van=
quith , that hams man Passion. - Leonela was. the only
Confident of this Amour, which these new Lovers
and faithless. Friends could nor by any Means
coriceal from her Knowledge, Lothario wauld not
discover to Camilla, that her Husband for ber Tri-
al. had designedly given him this Opportunity, to
which he ow'd so extreme a Happiness; because
she shou'd not think: he wanted Love to sollicir
ker himself with Importunity, or that she was

gain'd; on too easy Terms. | .

Auselvo came home.in a few Days, but discover'd

not what he had lost, tho' it was what - he most

+ valu'd:and estgem!d-< From thence: he went to

\Lothario,. and embracing: him, begg'd of him to
let him know his Fate, All Il can: tell you,. my
Friend,: answer'd Lothario, is, that you may. boatt
Jour self, the .Husband-- of the best. Wife: :in
e: World,:.the Ornameat, of her Sex, ind: the
Wir whack all victuous Women ought ro fol-
Words, Offers, Presents, all is igeffeQtuat ;
Tears'L pretended to, shed, mov'd; only ; her

lhiter; Camila is not only Mistress of the
L greatest

greatest Beauty, but of Modesty, Discretion, Swees.
ness of Temper, and every other Virtue and Per.

Feftion that add ro the Charms of a Woman of

Honour. Therefore, my Friend, here take batk
your Money, I have had no Occasion to lay it onr,
for Camilia's Integrity cannot be corrupted by
such base and mercenary things as Gifts and Promises.
And now Anselmo be at last content with
the Trial you have already made, and having f
Juckily got over the dangerous Quick-sands of
Doubts and Suspicions that are to be met with in
the Ocean of Matrimony, do not venture out +
gain with another Pilgt that Vessel whose Strength
you have suffictently experienc'd ; bur believe your
{elf as you are, securely anchor'd, in a safe Har.
bour, at Pleasure and Ease, till Death, from whose
Force no Title, Power, nor Digfttty can secure
us, does come and cut the Cable. An/:/mo was
extremely satisfy'd with Lotharioe's Discourse, and
believ'd it as firmly as if it had been an Oracle;
desir'd him to continue his Pursuir, if irwere

ut to pass away the Time : He did not require
he should press Camila with those Importunities
he had us'd, but only make some Verses in her
Praise under the Name of Cloris, and he would
make Camills believe he celebrated a Lady he
Jov'd under that Name, to secure her Honour
and Reputation from the Censure which a more
open Declaration would incur: He added, that if
Lotharis would not be at the Expence of so much
Trouble and Tims as to compose them himself,
he would do it for him with a great deal of Pler
sure. Letharic told him there was no Need of that,
since he himself was-soirietimes poerically give;
do you but tell Ca#iZs'of *my Love according 10

your own Design, and I'll make the Verses as well

as I can; tho' not so well as the Excellency of the
Subjel

wwe AO of Dd 22 oo £0 £99.45 en mw O00 owe ts. Lt LAS EH hoes os edn «At >. Ad Oo a> mio wo amt” as OA. A

of the renown'd Don Quix6te. 421

$abje& requires. The Curio Impertinent and
his treacherous Friend having thus 'agreed the
Matter, Anselmo went home, and then ask'd Camils
on what Occasion she sent him the Letter ? Camilla,
who wonder'd that this Question. had not been
ask'd her before, reply'd, That the Motive thar
prevail'd with her to write in that Manner to him,
was a Jealousy she had entertain'd that Lothario
in tis Absence look'd on her with more criminal
and desiring Eyes than he us'd to do when he was
at home ; but that since she had Reason to believe
that Suspicion but weakly grounded, seeing he
discover'd -rather an Aversion than Love, as a=
voiding all Occasions of being alone with her.
Anselmo told her she had nothing to apprehend
from Lotharie on that Account, since = knew
his AﬀeQions engag'd on one of the noblest young
Ladies of the City, whose Praise he writ under
the Name of Cloris ; but were he not thus enped,
there . was no Reason to suspe& Lothario's
Virtue and Friendship. Camil/a at this Discourse,
withour Doubt, would have been very jealous of
Lithario, had he not told her his Design of abusing

Husband with the Pretence' of another Love,
that he might with the greater Liberty and Security.
express her Praise and his Passion. The
next Day at Dinner 4nse/mo desir d him to read
some of the Verses he had made oa. his beloved
Clorss, , telling him he might. say: any. thing. of
her before Camilla, since she *did not know 'whothe
Lady was. Did Camilla know her, reply'd
Luthario, that should not make me pass over in S.»
lence my. Part of that Praise which was her Due ;
oraf-aLover.complains of his Mistress's Cruelty
while he is praising her Perfe&ions, she can never.

suffer in her Reputation :;; The Yn without 2ny

422 The Life and Atthievements

Pear I shall repeat a Sonnetwhich I made Y cfier-
dzy.on the. Ingratitude of Clors.

A SONNET.

A 7 Dead of Night, when ev'ry troubl'd Breast
By balmy Sleep i eas'd of anxious Pain,
When Slaves thethselves in pleasing Dreams are blest,
» Of Heaven and Cloris restless 1 complain.

The rosy Morn dispells the Shades of Night,
The Sun, the Pleasures, and the Day return ;
MII Nature's cheer'd with the reviving Light ;
A, only I, can never cease to monrn,

At Noon in wain I bid-my Sorrow cease,
\ The Heat encreases, and my Pains encrease,
And ftlill my. Soul in the mild Evning grieve: $
The Night returns, and my Complaints renew,
No Moment sees me free ; in vain I'suc,
Heavy ne'er,relemts, and Cloris ne'er relievers

Camille was mightily pleas'd with the Sonnet,
«+ but Anselmo: transported ; he was Javish of his
Commendation, and added that the Lady must be
barbarow/ty eruel that made no Return to so much ||
Truth an" so violent a Pashon. What, must we L
then believe all that a Poet in Love tells us for
Truth ? said Camills, Madam, reply'd Lothavie,
tho' the Foet may exceed, yet the tc cores || ?
his Fondness -for Fiftion, and makes him speak ff
þ Truth. Anselmo, to advance Lothario's Credit with F

' Þ Camilla, confirm'd whatever he said ; but she not

;þ -minding her Husband's Confirmations, was

© - clently persweded by her Passion for Lechorioro f
an itpplicis Faith in al he said ; and.therefor $
Peas

Pa EY

left,

in the Knowledge she

of the renown" Don Quixote. 423

pleas'd with this Composition, and more satisfy'd
pl is bad that all was les to
her self as the true Clorss, she defir'd him to repeat
some other Verses he had made on that Subject if
he could remember any. I remember some, reply'd
Lothario, but Madam, in my Opinion, they
ve so any "rv as the former ; bug you sbail
be Judge your self. |

A SONNE TT.

Die your Viffim, cruel Fair,

* #nd die without Reprieve,

you can think your Slave can bezr
Nour Cruelty and live.

Since all my Hopes of Ease are vain,
To die I now submit ;

find that you may net think I feizn,
Is must be at your Feet,

Yet when my bleeding Heart you wiew,
Bright Nymph, forbcar to grieve ;
$vr I had rather die for you,
Than for another live.

In Death and dark Oblivion's Grave
Oh! let me liz forlorn,

Far my poor Ghost wou'd pine and'ra vc,
Show'd you relent and mourn.

Anselmo was not less profuse in his Praise of this
Sonnet thanhe had been In the other, and so
bog 2 de

424 The Tife and Atchievements
ged new. Fuel to that Fire, that was to consume

is Reputation. : He contributed to his own A.
buse.in commending his false Friend's Attempts

on: bis; Honour, as the most important Service he

could do it ; and this made him believe that eve.
ry Step Camilla made down to Contempt and Dis.
race, was a Degree she mounted toward that Per.
teftion of Virtue which he defir'd she shanld at
tain. ; : |
Some Time after, Camilla being alone with her
Maid, I am' asham'd, said she, my Lz0nela, that I
gave Lothario so easy a Conquest over me, and did
not know my own Worth enough to make him
undergo some greater Fatigues before I made so
entire a Surrender. I am afraid he will think my
hasty Consent the Effe& of the Loosness of my
Temper, and not at all consider that the Force
and Violerice he us'd depriv'd me of the Power
of resisting. Ah! Madam, return'd Leonela,-let
not that disquiet you ; for the speedy bestowing
2 Benefit of an' intrinsick Value, and which you
design to bestow at last, can never lessen the Favour;
for according to the old Proverb, He: that
gives yuickly gives twice, To answer your Proverb
with another, reply'd Camila, That which cf
i:rtle is less valu'd., But this has nothing to do with
you, answer'd Leonela, since "tis said of Love that
it sometimes goes, somerimes flies ; runs with one,
walks gravely with another ; turns a third into
Ice, and sets a fourth in.a Flame : It wounds one,
another irc kills; like Lightning it begins and
ends in the same Moment: It makes that Fort
yield at Night which. it bosbags but in the Morte
1ng, for there is no Force able to resist jt. Since
this is evident, what Cause have you to be surpritcd

at your own Frailty ? And why should you
apprehend any thing from Lothario, who _

of the renown*a Don Quixote. 425

thefame irresistible Power, and: yielded to it- as
soon ? For: Love, to-' gain a Conquest, took the
short Opportunity of my Lord's Absence, which.
being so short and uncerrain,. Love, that bad before
determin'd this shou'd be done, added Force
and Vigour to the Lover, not ro leave any thing
to Time and Chance, which might by Anj/ilme's
Rerurn cut off all Opportunities of accomplishing
so agreeable a Work. The best and most offici«
ous Servant of Love's Retinue, is Occation cr
Opportunity : This it is that Love improves in all
its Progress, but most in the Beginning and first
Rise of an Amour. I trust nor inewhar I -have
said to the Uncertainty of Report, but” to Experience,
which affords the most certain and most
valuable Knowledge, as I will inform you, Midam,
some Day or other ; for I am like you, made
of frail Flesh and Blood, fird by Youth and
youthful Desires. Bur, Madam, you did not Jurrender
to Lothario till you had sufficient Proof of
his Love from his Eyes, his Vows, his Promises,
and Gifts ; till you had seen the Merit of his Person
and the Beauty of his Mind ; all which convinc'd
you how much he deserv'd to be Jov'd.
Then trouble your self no more, Madam, with
these .Fears and Jealousies, but thank your Stars
that, since you were doom'd a Viftim to Love,
you fell by che Force of such Valour and Met: 3:
that cannot be doubted. You yielded to one who
has not only the four S's, which are requir'd in
wy good Lover,. but even the whole 4!phater ;
as for Examp'e, he is in my Opinion Agreeablc,

Bountiful, Constant, Datiful, Easy, Faithful, Gallant,
Henourable, Ingenious, Kind, Loyal, Mild, Noble, Offi
tw, Prudent, Quiet, Rich, Secret, True, Valiant, Wije,
the X indeed is too harsh a Letrer to agree with
him, he is Toung, and Zealors for your Honour and
a U 3 + Cervice.

Service. Camila Jangh'd at her Woman's Alphabet,
and thought her (as indeed she was) more learn'd
in the pratical Part of Love than she had confesy'd,
She then inform'd her Mxstress of an Afar that
had been betwixt her and a young Man of the
Town. Camila wasnot a little concern'd at what
she said, being apprehensive that her Honour
might suffer by her Woman's Indiscretion, ane
therefore ask'd her if the Amour had pass'd any
farther than Words ? Lemnela, without any Fear or
Shame, own'd her guy Correspondence with all
the Freedom in the World; for the Mistress
Guilt gives the Servant Impudence, and generally
they imitate their Ladies Frailties without any
Fear of the publick Censure.

Camilla finding her Error past Remedy, could
only beg Leoncla to disclose nothing of her Afﬀair
to her Lover, and manage her Amour with Secrely
and Discretion, for fear Lothario or Anselmy
should hear of it. Leonela promis'd to obey. her;
but she did it in such a Manner, that Camila way
perpetually in fear of the Loss of her Reputation
by her Folly ; fer she grew so confident on her
Knowledge of her Lady's Transgrefsion, that the
admitted-her Gallant into the: House, not caring if
her Lady knew it, being certain that she durst not
make any Discovery to her Master : For when
once a Mistress has suffer'd her Virtue tobe van«
quish'd, and admits. of any criminal Correfpon=
dence, it subje&s her te her own Servants, and
makes her. subservient ro their Rogueries, whick
she is slavishly bound to conceal: Thus it was
with Camila, who was forc'd to wink at the visible
Rendezvous which Leonela had with her Lover in
a certain Chamber of the House which she ou
proper for the Occasion ;. nor. was that. all,

was constrain'd to give her the opponanity of ©
hiding bim, by blinding ber Husband.

Bur all this Caution did not secure him from -
being seen by Lethario, one Morning as he was
getting out of the House by break of oy His
nd had made him think it a Spirit, had not
his Haste away, and.his muffling himself up in his

Cloak, that he might not be known, convinc'd

him of his Error, and thrown him into a new
Jealoufie, that had certainly. undone them all, -had
not:Camilla's Wit and Address prevented it. For -
Lathario. concluded that Camilla, that had made no
very obstinate Resistance to him, had as easily surrender'd
to some other, and he fancy'd that the
Person he saw come from her House was the newfavour'd
Lover ; never remembring that there was

any such Person as Lemnels in the Houses For

when once a Woman parts with her Virtue, she
loses the-Esteem even of the Man. whose Vows and:
Tears won. her to abandon it ; and he believes she
will wich as little, if not less Difficulty, yield to
ther ; he perverts the least Suspicions into -
Reality, and takes the lightest Appearance for the
most evidenr Matter of Fast.
Thus Lethario distrakted by the most. violent
Jealoufic in | the. World, without allowing himself
time to' consfider,- gave way to the Transports
of .his Rage! and desire of. Revenge on: GCamells,
who had not. infur'd him ;-he gocs immediately to
Anselm, and havin
Friend, said he -to him, these several Days under» -
gone 2 most severe Confli& within my Mind, and:
usd all the Force and Violence I was capable of
to-conceal an. Aﬀair from you, -which I can no
longer forbear discovering, without an apparent
Wrong 't6 Justice, and my. Friendship. Know
then that. Camille is now ready £6 do whatseevyr 2. |

Gund hiez abed;;.I have, my *-þ

hall desire of her, and the Reason that most pre.

vail'd with me rodelay this Discovery, : was, that

I would be satisfy'd whether she were in carneft,

or only pretended this Comphance to try me ; but

had she been so Virtuous as you and I believ'd her,

the would by this time have inform'd you of that

Importunity which by your Desire I us'd ; but

finding that she is silent, and takes no notice of

that to'you, I have reason to believe that she is

bur too sincere in those guilty Promises she has

made me, of meeting me to my SatisfaQtion in the

Wardrobe the next time your Absence. from the

Town should furnish her with an Opportunity,
(This was true indeed, for that was the Place of

their common Rendezvous) Yet I would:not have
you, continu'd be, take a rash and inconsiderate
Revenge, since *tis possible before the time of -
Afsignation her Virtue may Rally, and she repent
her Folly. Therefore, as you have hitherto taken
my Advice, be ruVd by me now, that you may
not be impos'd on, but-have a-sufficieart Convilion
before you put your Resolves into Execution; pre»
tend two or three Days Absence, and then privately
convey your sclf behind the Hangings in the
Wardrobe, as you easily may, whence you may
without difficulty be an Eye Witness with me of
Camilla's Condu& ; and if it be as Criminal as we
may justly fear, then you may with secrecy:and
speed punish her, as the Injury deserves. .
Anselmo was extremely surpriz'dat so unexpeRed

2 Misfortune, to find himself deceiv'd in those
imaginary Tiumphs ' he pleas'd himself with ig
Camilia's suppos'd Victory over all Lothario's Ass

faults. A great while he was in -a silent suspence,

with his Eyes 'dejefted, withour : Forcc;-
without Spirit ;- but rurning at last to his Friend,
you have done all, said he,. Lorhario, thar I could
expe

expe from so perfe& a Friendship, I will therefore

be entirely guided by your Advice ; do thert=
fore what you_.please, bur use all the {ecresy a
Thing of this Nature requires. 'Lor-ario, assuring
him of that, left him z but full of Repentance for
the Rashness he had been guilty of in relfling him
so much as he had; since he might have taken a
sufficient Revenge by-a less cruel, and dishonourable
way. He curs'd his' want of Sense, and the
weakness of his Resolution, but could not find out
any way to produce'a less fatal event of his Treachery,
than” he” could justly expe& from the Experiment.
But at last he concluded 'to inform
Camilla of all he had done ; which his Freedom of
Access gave him opportunity to do that very day,
when he found her alone ; and she began thus ro
kim. © I am so oppress'd my Lothario, with a
Misfortune which I lie under, that it will certainly
for ever destroy my Quiet and Happiness, if there
be not some speedy Remedy found for it : Leone/s
is grown so presumptuous, on her knowledge of
my Afﬀairs, that she admits her Lover all Night to
her Chamber, and so exposes my Reputation to the
Censure of any that shall see him go out at ynseasonable
Hours from my House ; and the greatest,

and most remedilefs part of my grief is, that I dare

not corre& 'or' chide her for her Imprudence and
Impudence ;' for being conscious of our Corretpondence,
she obliges me to conceal her Failings,
which I am extremely apprehensive will in the
end be very fatal to. my Happiness. Lotharia was
at last jealous that Ceml/a design'&cunningly thus
to impose her own Privado on -him for Lonels's ;
but* being convinc'd by her Tears, and the appn
once in her Face, he began- to believe
and atthe same time to be infinitely confound=

ed and griey'd for what he had done. Yet he com-
Us sorted

T ” - He. — _ - _ DO a
Got £ Ae. , _— i s : bo , yy = ——_—_— FTI
NR 2 eto ?
OI I __ rg ur rods —— - 4 EM gs. 5 F
Sn 4 us y__4 = —__ momma > > nn 12 aa,

which she was so'- well satisfy'd 10, but raise

Forted Camilla, assuring her he would take ef.
&&ual- Care for the future, that Leonels's Impy-.
dence should: do her. no Prejudice, and therefore.
begg'd her not to tormeat her self any more about

-3t- Then he told all the unhappy Effe& of hi

Jealous Rage, and that her Husband had agreed

behind the: Arras to be witness of her. Weakneh,,.
He ask'd her Pardon for the Folly, and her Counsel
how: to redress and prevent. the ul Effe& of it,
and bring them our of those Difficulties into which

iis. Madness had plung'd them,

Camilla express'd her Resentment; and her Fears
in accusing his Treachey, Baseness, and want of
Gonfideration ; yet her Anger and Fears being.
appeas'd, and a Woman's wit being always mare
pregnant-in Difficulties than a Man's, she immediately.
thought of a way to deliver them from:
Dangers that bore so dismal and helpless a Face.
She therefore bid him engage Anse/mo to be there

the next Day,. assuring him she did' not question

but by that means to- get a more frequent, and
secure Opportunity of enjoying one another thanthey
hitherto ever had. She would not-make him.
privy to her. whole Design, but bid him. be sure tocome
afrer her Husband was hid, as soon as Leaels

shou'd call lim; and that he should enswer 5

dire&ly. to whatsoever she should ag him, ass
Anselmo were not: within hearing. + Lotharis spart:
no a gp get. from her her whole De
fipgn, that he might- AQchis Part with the great»
er Assurance, and the better contribute. to the
Imposing on her Husband. All you have to do,

reply'd Camilla, is to answer me direftly what I

shall demand 3 nor: would she discover any more,

for fear he should: not acquiesce in her Opinio

cuties, and by.ConsequenceQbstacles, thati might:
Gl Ho

of the renown'a Don Quixote. 431
hinder her Design from having the defir'd Event,
or run her / upon some less successful Projeft.
[Ed hario comply'd, and 4nseime in appearance left.
the Town to retire to his Friend in the Country, ..
bar secretly return'd to hide. himself in the War
xobe, which- he did with the greater Ease, be--
cause Camilla and Leonels wilfully gave him op--
portunity, We may easily imagine the Grief with
which 4n/e{rze hid himself,” since it was to be a
—_ of his own Disbonour, and the loss of
that Heppiness he possess'd in the Embraces of.
his beautiful and belov'd Camilla. On the other
hand, she being now certain that 4nselmo was hid,
enter'd the Wardrobe with Leonels, and fetching a-
ep and pirequs Sight, thus address'd her self tother:
Ah ! my Levzels ! would ir not be mich bet.
tex that thou pierce this infamous Bosfom' with

Anfelvni's Dagger, before. T Execute what I design, ||

which I have kept from thee that thou might'ft
aot endeavour: ro disappoint:me? | Yet not so ;.
for, where is the: Justice that I should suffer for
another's Offence ?- No, E-wilt first know of Lothario
what. Altion of mine has given him assurance ta
make me a:discovery_ of a Passion so injurious tokis
Friend,. and my-Honour. Go to:'the Window:
Lemels, 'and- call' the+ wicked Man to: me, who
doubrkess is' waiting; .in the Street the Signal for
kis:Admisfon-:to accomplist} his Villanous-Desigg 3
y& first my Refolariva shall be performed, which
tho” it be} cruel; 'is what my Honour ftriftly de.
minds of me:- - Alas !' my. dear Lady, aye the
ang Lent alass What do you intead to do
ith xhar: Dayyer ? ds: your-farab Design ageinst
your self or Lorhario'?: : Alass {1 yow 'can Atrack
nelther- withogt the:Rum of your-Pame and: Re«
patation; You! had better give no Opportunity -
$0 that bal-Man- by admitting- him while we _
Chit: ov ] thus

thus alone in the House: Consider, Madam, we
are but two weak, and helpless Women, .he-a
strong and resolute Man, whose Force. is redoubl'd
by the Paflion and Desire that possess him ; so
that before you may be able to accomplish what
you design, he may commit a Crime that will be
more injurious to you than the loss of your Life.
We have reason to curse my Master 4nfelme, who
gives such frequent Opportunites to Impudeace
and Dishonesty to pollute our House. But, Madan,
suppose you should kill him, as I believe you design,
what shall we do with his dead Body?
Whar ! said Camilla, why we would leave him in
this place to be bury'd by Anselmo; for it must be
a grateful Trouble to him to bury with bis own
Hand his own Infamy and Dishonour. Call him
therefore quickly, for methinks every Moment my
Revenge 1s deferr'd, I Injure that Loyalty I owe
to my Husband.
Anselmo = great attention to all that was said,
and every Word of Camills's made a strange alte»
ration. in his Sentiments, so that he could scarce
forbear coming out to prevent his Friend's Death,
when he heard her desperate Resolution against.
bis Life; but his desire of seeing the end of {#
brave a Resolve with-held him, till he saw an ab»
solute necessity of discovering himself to hinder
the Mischief Now Camilla put on a fear and
weakness which resembl'd a Swoon ; and having
thrown her self on a Bed in the Room, Leonels be-'
n a most doleful Lamentation over her: Alas!
aid she, how unfortunate should I be, if my
Lady, so eminent for Virtue and Chastity as well
as Beauty, should thus. perish in my Arms ? This,
and much more she utter'd with that force of perfe&
Disiimulation, that - whoever had seen her
wou'd have concluded her one of the most non |
Virgins

Treacherous and Unfai

Virgins inthe” World, and hep Lady a- meer persecuted
Femloye 100 la Joon came to her it
and cry'd to Leonela, why don't you call the mos
ful of Friends ? Go, fly,
and let not ay Colas waste my Revenge and Anger
in meer
Madam, reply'd Leenels, I will go, but you must
ficlt give me; that Dagger, lest you commit some
outrage upon. your. self in my absence, which
may- give an eternal. Cause of sorrow to all your
Friznds that love and value you. Let not those
Fears detain you, said Camilla, but assure your self
I will not do any thing till you return ; for tho* I
shall not fear to punish my self in the highest degree,
yet I shall nor, like Lucretis, punish my self
without killing him that was the principal cause
of my Dishonour. If. I must die, I shall not re»

fuse it; but I will first satisfie my Revenge on
him that has tempted me to come to this guilty

Agpation, ro make him lament his Crime without
being guilty of any my selF. |
Cemills could scarce prevail with Leonels to
leave her alone, bur at last she obey'd her and withdrew,
when Camilla entertain'd her self and her
Husband with this following Soliloquy : . Good
Heav'n said she, had I not better have continued
my Repulses, than by this seeming Consent sus.
fer Lothario, to think Scandalously of me, till my
Aftions shall convince him of bis Error ? That
indeed might have been better in some respeQs,
but then I should have wanted this opportunity of
Revenge, and the SatisfaQtion of my Husband's
ijur'd Honour, if he were permitted withour
any CorreQion to go off with the Insolence of
abring such Criminal Assaults to my Virrcue.
wy no, let the Traitor's Life attone for the
of his false and. unfaithful Arremprs ; and

ords and' idle Threats and Curses. .

Is Ia ths, wr au rye on «> pea
wn - N 8 = as OT ry IL Foote a”; 5
2. Me p BBs Mp. ew, I. , CS Gd e-
add, * WA... 00S IN Nl SIS + pon ie EE It
Nm, ns PfSgmlD, — O*_——— en 5 ROY » » "00mg "Az £ = — : ——_
i a IT. DET Ton Dr ee Een pes —_—
=& wr $I SER Fogg

vo wernes Fo
Nr gr 545 >< OW
pe: ES - ES en

434 The Life and Mchteventonryhis

Blood® quench that Tewd Fire he' was not.cox.
rent should burn in bis {own Breast: pu
World. be witness, if it ever'cqmes to know my
vob that Camitis thought it notienongh to pro...

eve. her Virtue and Loyalty to her Hasband en
tire, but alsq reveng bo the hateful affront and the
intended desraSion of -ie. oe he re _ was he.
Fonrtnu perhaps to fer.

pe I Fae my. Revenge i orseroey -porlm

the first Artempt I sent b Ns wed of. it 'to/th
Village, ane I (can attribute his” not resenting
notorious an Abuse ro nothing but his Gen
Temper, and lf Conbace in bis Friend, ineapedif

of beli ieving try'd & Friend copld be guil of
so muc f Figs gate. ae Ss his Oo 6d Re
incredytity strange, finds

ation; - HRS), t
Pres so Jon fopether, co - not ws my self
of. the eeqth.of war my Eyes and Ezrs conv
mez a ng could haye convinc'd me
my generous'F Fink ad his Infofency kept with
in any Bounds, 2nd not dard to proceed to large
Gifts, large Promises; and a flood of 4 gt whic
he | shed. as, the undiffembl'd Testimony of
Passion. .Byr tp whar Uatge yh these Consider
ztions,?. Or is;there Jaded e:rf of consider:
in to persorade. Fe 0. a' br be Rt 1 Auaet
chough e i9 how my Teck, = hs
hott Ref an. Kjn hpi, fer hinj |
im die, let hin verfþ ter WA bag "ish, no
matter , what's the faral © Confseq! ice: My. dear
Lose receiv d me w his Bo sporkefs' on
Chase, and so shall the Grave eee me from

Let. ho if ca Wks cky #$ eb it _

ork aol hifis ro Is 'of rhi ro
ie $4 pare and

ed Blood ul © Blood X he Treacher6usgof

pred 8 diving said W/O etravers dt ag

in so passionate a manner, with the drawn Dagger
bat Hand, and shew'd fuck an Agitation of

Soirit in her Looks and Motien, that she appear'd
Kke one diftrated, or more like a Murderet, than

-2 tender and delicate Lady.

Anselmo, not a little to his satisfaQtion, very
phinly saw and heard! all this from behind the-
Arras, which with-the greatest Reason and Evidence
ia the World remov'd alt his past Doubts and Jealoufies,:
and; he with abundance of concern; 'with'd
that Lotherio would, not- come, that he might by
that means escape the Danger that so apparently

threaten'd him ;. to prevent which he had discover'd

himself, bad he not seen Leones at that In-

Nant bring Lobarie into the Room. As soon as
Comille saw him-enter, she describ'd a Line. with
the Poniard 'on the Ground, . and told him. tlie
Minvit he presum'sd to pass that, she would firike-
the Dagger to his Heart: Hear me, said she, and
observe what I say without Iotertuption ; when T

have done, you shall have liberty to make what

Reply you please. Tell me first, Lo:hario, do you
know my Husband, and do' you know me? The
Question ' is nor. so difficult but you may give nie
mumediate. Answer ; there is no-necd- of confiderng;
speak therefore: without! delay. Lothatio was
met so dull as nor to guess at ber Design in having
her Husband hid behind the Hangings, and therefore
adapted his Answers so well te her Questions,
that the Fiftion' was .lost in.:the 2ppearance of
Reality. T did never imagine, fair Camilla, said
Latharjo, that you would make this Asignativn.to

sk Questions so distant from the dear End: of my-
Ifyor had a mind sti] to delay my: pra-
d Happiness, :you should haye prepar'd: meche

Dio gpeimemant; for, the 'ncarer the Hop!
« Poskflion brivgs us to the Good we-desire; the
HY greater

greater is the Pain to have those Hopes destroy'd,

But to answer your Demands, I must own, Madag,
that I do know your Husband, and he me ; thar
this Knowledge has grown up with '\us from our
Childhood; and that I may be a witness against

my self of the Injury I ams compell'd by Love to +

do him, I do also own, Divine Camilla, that you
roo well know the tenderness of our mutual Friendship
yet Love is a sufficient excuse for all my Er.
rors, if they were much more'Criminal than they
are; And, Madam, that' E: know you is evident,
and love you equal to him, for nothing but your
Charms could have Power enough to make me
forget what I owe to my own Honour, and what
to the holy Laws of Friendship, all which Fhaw
been forc'd to break by. the resistless Tyranny of
Love. Ah! had T1 known you less, I had been
more Innocent. If you iconfess all this, aid
Camilla, if you know us both, - how dare you violate
so Sacred a Friendship, injure so true «
Friend, and appear thus confidently before me,
whom you know to be esteem'd by him the Mirror
of his Love, in whicl that Love so often views it
self with Pleasure and SatisfaQion ;:and-in which
T ought to have survey'd your self so far, as to
ve seen how small rhe Temptation is, that has
prevail'd on you to wrong him. But alas! this
ints me. to the cause of your Transgression,
e suspicious Aion of mine when I have been
least on my Guard, as thinking my self alone;
but assure your self, whatever it was, it proc
not from Looseness or Levity of Principle, buta
Negligence and Liberty which the Sex sometimes
innocently fall into when they think themselves
unobserv'd. If this were not the Cause, lny
Traitor, when did I listen to your Prandes or
the least regard your Tears and Vows, so that ir

might derive from thence the: smallest hope of
accomplishing your infamous Desires ? Did I nor
always' with the last Aversion and Disdain- rej-&
your Criminal Passion ? Did I ever betray a Belief
in thy lavish Promises? or admit of thy prodigal
Gifes? But since without some Hope no Love can
Jong subsist, I will lay that hatefu] guilt on some
unhappy inadvertency of mine, and therefore will
infli& the same punishment on my self that your
Crimes deserves. And to shew you that I cannot
but be cruel to you, who will not spare my self,
I sent fer you-to be a Witness of that just Sacrifice
I shall make to my dear Husband's Injur'd Honour,
on which you have fix'd the blackest Mark of Infamy
that your Malice could inspire, and which I
alas? have sully'd' too by my thoughtless negle&
of depriving you of the occasion, if indeed I gave
any, of nourifhing your wicked Intentions. Once
more I tell you, that the bare suspicion that my
want of Caution, and setting {6 severe'a Guard on
my Aﬀtions as I ought, has made you harbour such
wild and infamous Intentions, is the sharpest of
my AfﬀfiQtions, and what with my ewn Hands I
resolve' to punish with the' utmost Severity. For,
should T leave that Punishment to another, it
would but increase my* guile. Yet I will die ;
bur" first ro satisfy my" Revenge, ' and ——_
Justice, I wild unmov'd' and 'unrelenting destory
[ren Cause-that has reduc'd me' to this desperate

At these Words she flew with such Violence,
and so well ated a Fury on Lothario with her naked
Dagger, that he could scarce think-it feign'd,
and therefore secur'd himself from her Blow by
aoiding it; and tholding her Hand. Thweupor; h

to-give more Life to the FiQtion, ' as in a Rage at
Gsoppointed Revenge/on Lotharis, she cry'd

out, since my malicious Fortune denies a compleat
Satisfaftion/ to my, just Desires, at least it
shall not be in its Power entirely to defeat my Re.
solution. With that, drawing back her Dagger.
Hand from L»therio who held it, she truck it inty
that part of her Body where it might do her the
least damage, and then fell down, as fainting away
with the Wound. Lotharis and Leonels surpriz'd
at the unexpe&ted Event, knew not yet what to
think, seeing ber {till lie all bloody oa the Ground
Lothario pale and, trembling ran to her to rake out
the Dagger, but-was deliver'd of - his Fears when
he saw' so little Blood follow it, and more than
everiadmir'd the cunning and wit of the Beautiful
Camilla, Yet to play his part as well, and shew
himself a Friend, he lamented over Camillay
Body itz the most pathetick manner in the Work,
8s if she had been really dead;;-he cursd himself,

and :curs'd his Friend that had put him on that
fatal Experiment; and knowing that Av/e/mo heard

i; be said such- as were. able to draws
greater pity. for him than even for Gam/ls, thoogh
the srem'd to have lost her-Life in the unfortunate
Adyenturs., Leonela remoy'd her Body to the Bed,
and begg'd Lotharis to go seek some Surgeon, that
might with/aY the secrefie in the. Warld cure. her
Lady's Wonnd +: She also ask'd his: Advice, how
to excuse-it to her Master, if he, should*return be
fore. if was perfeRAly cur'd.. He reply'd, they-.might
say what they pleas'd, That he was not inahutow
of advising, but- bid-her endeayour to stanch her
Mistress's Blood, for he would go where For
should never hear- more of him ; and so he
them, with all the appearance-of Grief and Cope
cern that rhe Occasion requir'd. He was no sooner
gone, but be bad Jeisure to refle@ with the greatest
wondes imaginable, on Garwi/{4s and her Wore nay

TESEVIAES

EZLESESREST:

so hateful to her.
hould inform her Husband of what had pass'd, or

Revenge

Condi: in this Affair; and on. the Assurance
which this Scene had given Anselmo of his Wife's
Virtue; since now he could not but believe he had
a second Portia, and he long'd to meet him, to rejoyce
over the best dissembl'd Imposture that ever

e away the Opinion of Truth. Leonela stanch'd
the Blood, which was no more than was necessary
for covering the Cheat, and washing the Wound
with Wine only as she bound it up, her discourse

was so moving, and so well ated, thar it bad been

alone sufficient to have convinc'd Ansems that he
had the most virtuous Wife in the World. Camilla
was not silent, bur added fresh Confirmations ; in
every word she spoke, she complain'd of her Cowardise
and Baseness of Spirit, that deny'd her time
and force to dispatch that Life, which was now
She ask'd her too, whether she

not ? Leonela was for her concealing it, since the
discovery mush infallibly engage ber Husband ina
on Let hario, ich must” as'eertaialy ex»
pose him roo ; for those things were never acconmplish's
withour the greatest danger ; and that a
good Wife ought to the best of her Power prevent
involving her Husband in Quarrels. Camilla

elded to her Reasons ; but added, that they must

out some - pretended cause of her Wound,
which he would certainly see at his return. Leoncls

reply'd, that it was a difficult task, since she was
incapable even in Jest to diflemble the Truth: Am

F not, answer'd Camilla, under the same difficulty,

who cannot save my Life by the odious Refuge of

s falshood ? Had we not better than confess the
real Truth, than be caught in a Lie? Well,
Madam, return'd Leonela, let this give. you no
further Troub!e, by to morrow Morning I shall

find out some expedient or other ; though. [hops
ei ; t E

the DE Ee ro ea

440 The Life axd Atchievements

the place where the Wound is; may conceal |
enough from his observation to secure us from all
apprehension ; leave therefore the whole event
ro Heaven, which always favours and aflists the
Innocent.

Anselmo saw and heard this formal Tragedy of
his ruin'd Honour, with all the Attention imaginable,
in which all the ARors perform'd their
Parts so to the Life, that they seem'd the Truth
they represented ; he wish'd with the Jast impatience
for the Night, that he might convey him
self from his hiding place, to his Friend's House,
and there rejoyce for this happy discovery of this
Wife's experienc'd Virtue. Camilla and her Maid
took care to furnish him with an opportunity of
departing, of which he soon took hold, for fear
of losing it, *'Tis impossible to tell you all the
Embraces he gave Lethario, and the joy and et»
treme satisfation he express'd at his good Fortre,
or the extravagant Praises he gave Camilla. Loths-
Fi6 heard all this without taking a Friend's share
in the Pleasure, for he was shock'd with the concern
he had to see his Friend so grossly impos'd on,
and the guilt of his own Infidelity in injuring his
Honour. Though Anselmo easily perceiv'd that
Lothario was not touch'd with any pleasure at his
Relation, yet he believ'd Camills's Wound caug'd
by him, was the true motive of his not sharing
his joy, and therefore affur'd him, he need not too
much trouble himself fur 'it, since it could not be
dangerous, the and her: Woman having agreed to
conceal it from him. This cause of his fear being
remov'd, he defir'd him: to-put on a face of Joy,
since by his means he should now poslcss a perfe&
happiness and content, and therefore he wovld
spend the rest of his Life' in conveying Camillss
Virtue to- Posterity, by - writing her PO

a_— @auwwboa Sofas Ax com. acc a=. * ..

of the renown'ad Don Quixote, 441

Verse. Lotharia approv'd his Resolution, -and promis'd
to.do the. same.; Thus Anselmo remain'd the
most delightfully deceiv'd of any Man alive. He
therefore carry'd Lothario immediately to his House,
as the Instrument of his Glory, though he was indeed
the only cause of his Infamy and Dishonour.
Camille receiv'd him with a face, that ill express'd
the satisfafton of her Mind, being forc'd to pur on
Frowns: in her looks, while. her Heart prompted
nothing but smiles of Joy for his presence,

For some Months the Fraud was conceal'd, but
then Fortune turning her Wheel, discover'd to the
World the Wickedness they had so long and arti.
ficially disguis'd, and Ansel/mo's impertinent Curioity
cost him his Life. |

CHAP. VIIL
The Conclusion of the Novel of the Curioxs

Impertinent.

HE Novel was come near a Conelusion,
when Sancho Pancs came running out
Don Quixote's Chamber in a terrible Fright, and
eng out help, help, good People, help m
aster, he's just now at it, Tooth and Nail, wit
that lame Gyant, the Princess Micomrcona's Foe 2:
I ne'er saw a more dreadful Battel in my born
days. He has lent him such a Sliver, that whip,
off went the Giant's Head, as round as a Turnip.
ou're mad, Sancho, said the Curate interrupted
in his Reading; is thy Master such a Devil of a
Heroe, as to fight a Gyant at two thousand Leagues
distance? Upon this, chey presently hear F
ys noise

442 The Life tnd Atchievements
noise-and buftle in the Chamber, and Don 2:4
bawling out, Stay Villain, Robber, stay ; since }
have thee here, thy Scimitar shall bur little avail
thee ; and with this, yo him strike wich
his Sword with all bis force against the Walk
Good folks, said Saxcho, m does not want
our mc ; why dont you run in, and help

im ; though I believe 'cis afrer Meat Mustard, for
sure the Gyanr is by this time gone to Pot, and
iving-an Account of his il Life : For I saw hi
od run all about the House, and his Head
filing in the middle on't : But fach a Head ! 'Thy
bigger than any Wine-bagg in Spa/n., Death and
Hell (cries the Inn-keeper) I'll be cur like a Cucums
ber, if this Don Quixote, or Don Devil, has not
pecn hacking my Wine-baggs that stood fill'd at
is Bed's head, and this Coxcomb has taken the
spile Liquor for Blood. Then running with the
whole Company into the Room, they found the

Knight in the most comical posture imagine
able

He was standing in his Shirt, the fore part of
scarcely reaching to the bottom of his Belly, and
about a span shorter behind ; this added a v
culiar Air to his long, lean Legs, as dirty an
iry as a Beasts. To make him all of a piece,
he-wore on his Head a little red greasie cast Nightcap
of the Inn-keeper's; he had wrapped one of
the Bed-Blankets about his left Arm for a Shield;
and weilded his drawn Sword in the Right, un
about him pell mell; with now and then a
of some military Expression, as if he had been
really engag'd with some Giant. But the best jell
of all, he was all this tune fast asleep ; for the
thoughts of the Adventure he. had undertaken,
had so wrought on his Imagitation, that his
prav'd fancy had'in kis sleep represented wn

Fe i OE So NE CRIT

for he was th
F ning that he was then
CS Wine-bags so de

ill findin

of the renowz?d Don Quixote. 443

4 om of Mitomicon and the Giant; ard
Av? bring him, be AL

Ae rately, that he set
the whole Chamber a-float with good Wine. The
Inn-keeper, entag'd to see the havock, flew at Dog
wete with his Fists ; and had not Cardenio and
the Curate taken him 'off, he had prov'd a Giant
indeed against the Knight. All this could not
wake the poor Don, tilf the Barber throwing a -
Bucket of cold Water 'upon him, waken'd him
from his sleep, though not from his dream. -
© The shortness of her Champion's Shirt ' gave
Diwrothea a Surfeit of the Battle. Sancho ran up and
down the Room searching for the Giant's Head,
his labour fruitless ; Well, well, said
he, now I see plainly that this House is haunted,
for when I was here before, in this very Room
was I beaten like any Srock-fish, but knew no
more than the Man in che Moon who struck me ;
and now the Giant's Head, that I. aw cut off
with. these Eyes, is vanish'd ; and I'm sure I saw
the Body spout Blood like a Pump. What a prating
and a nonsense does this damn'd Son of a Whore
keep about Blood, and a Pump, and I know not
what, said the Inn-keeper, I tell you, Rascal, ris
my Wine-baggs that are flash'd, and my Wine
that runs about the Floor here, and I hope to see
the Soul of him that spilt it _—_ in Hell for
his Pains: Well, well, (said Sancho) don't trouble
me; I only tell ye, that I can't find the Giant's
Head, and my Earldom is gone after it, and so
Tay undone, as a Man would undo an Oifster :

And truly S#ncho's waking Dream was as pleasant
# his Master's when asleep ; the Inn-keeper was
almost mad too, to see the foolish Squire: harp so
on the same string with his frantick Master, and
tore they - should not come off now as _ ;

that

that their Chivalry should be no satisfaQtion for
his Wine, ; but that they houlf pay him sauce for
the ge,: at he very Leathern Patche
Which the wounded Wine-baggs would want. '

Don 2x:xote in the. mean” time, believing hy
had finish d his Adventure, and mistaking tho
Curate, that held him by the Arms, for the Prig.
cess Micomicons, fell on his knees before him, and
with a respe& due to a Royal Presence ; Now my

Hara . and for

our Highness, said he, great, and illustriow

rincess, Iive secure, free from any further ap.
prehenfions from your Conquer'd Enemy, and
now am I acquitted of my Engagemeat, since by
The assistance of Heaven, and the Influence of her
Favour by whom I live and Conquer, your Ad
venture 1s so happily atchiev'd. Did nor I tell
you so, Gentlefolks, (said Sancho) who is Drunk
or Mad now ? Did not I say, that he had paid of
the Giant; the Bartel is over, and I am an El,
The whole Company, = ty the Inn-keeper,
who gave himself to the Devil) were like to _
at the Extravagancies of Master and Man: atlf
Cardenio and the Curate, having with much ado
got Don Quixote to Bed, he presently fell asleep,
being heartily tir'd ; and then they left him, to
comfort Sancho Panga for the loss of the Giant"
Head, and the Inn-keeper for the unexpedted and
sudden Fate of his Wine-bags. |

The Hostess in the mean time ran up and down
the House grumbling and whining : In an il
hour, said she, did this unlucky Knight-Errant
come into my House, I wish for my part I
never seen him, for he has been a dear Guestw
me. He and his Man, his Horse and his Af
went away last time without paying me a't
for their Supper, their Bed, their Litter and Pr
vender ; and all, forsooth, because he was

SS: EDGE 2=sp2 2% os DC CET

TEE ITED:

Adventures, I say : What the Plague have I to do
with his Statutes of Chivalry? if they oblige him
not £0 pay, they must oblige him not to eat neither.
Teas upon this Score that the rother Fellow
took away my good Tail; 'ris clear spoil'd,
the Hair is all fall'n off, and my Husband can neveruse
it again. And now to come upon me as»
gain with destroying my Wine Bags and spilling
my Liquor, may some Body spill his Heart's Blood
force for me: But I will be paid, so I will, and
that handsomely too ; I will have Satisfa&ion, Jill
by Jill, every Piece, for what I have lost. Her
honest Maid Maritornes seconded her Fury; bur
Mr. Curate sftopp'd their Mouths, by promising
that he would see them satisfy'd for their Wins
and their Bags, but especially for the Tail which
they kept such a Clutter about. Dororhea comforted
Sancho, assuring him that "whenever it appear'd
that his Master had kill'd the Gianr, and restor'd
her to her Dominions, + he should be sure of the
best Earldom in her Disposal. With this he huckI'd4
up again, and swore that he himself had seen the
Giant's Head, by the same Token that it had a
Beard that reath'd down to his Middle; and if
itcould not be found it must be hid by Witchcraft,
for every thing went by Inchantment in
that House, as he had try'd it to his Cost when he
was there before. Dore:hea answer'd, that she be.
liev'd him ; and desir'd him to pluck up his Spirits,
for all things would be well. All Parties being
quieted, Cardenio, Dorothea, and the rest,.entreated
the Curate to finish the Novel, which was
so-near a Conclusion ; and he, in Obediengg,;ta
their Commands, took up the Book and read ori...
Anselmo grew so satisfy'd in Camila's Virtnes
that he liv'd with aJl the Content and Security in
the World ; to confirm which, Camila ever in hex
IL X Looks

Looks seem'd to discover her Aversion to Lothary,
which made him desire Ansel/mo to dispence with
his coming to his House, since he found how averse
his Wife was to him, and how great a Disgust she
had to his Company ; but Anselmo would not he
perswaded to yield ro his Request, and was þ
blind, that seeking his Content, he perpetually

romoted his Dishonour. He was nor the only
Þerfon pleas'd with the Condition he liv'd in ; Lt
nela was so transported by her Amour, that, fe.
cur'd by her Lady's Connivance, she perfeQly a.
bandon'd her self to the indiscreet Enjoyment
of her Gallant : So that one Night her Master
heard some body in her Chamber, and coming to
the Door to discover who it was, he found it held
Fast against him ; bur at last forcing it open, he
saw one leap out of the Window the Instant he
enter'd the Room : He wou'd have pursu'd him,
but Leonela clinging about him, begg'd him to ap
pease his Anger and Concern, since the Person
that made his Escape was her Husband. Avsehm
would not believe her, but drawing his Dagger,
threatn'd to kill her if she did not immediate
Ty make full Discovery of the Matter. DistraQed
with Fear, she begg'd him to spare her Life, and
the would discover things that more nearly related
to him than he imagin'd. Speak quickly then, re
ply'd Anselmo, or you die. *Tis impossible, ms
rurn'd she, that in this Confusion and Fright 1
should say any thing that can be understood ; but
give me but ti]]l ro Morrow Morning, and I will
lay such things before you, as will sufficiently
surprize and amaze you ; but believe me, Sir,
the Person that leapt out of the Window is 2
young Man of this City who- is contradted to
me. This something appeas'd Anselmo, and pre-

xail'd with him to allow her 'till the next Morn-

—_ 7 i MM. a a. —_

© .TC_»_ Ae ads. un A__.. ad

ing to make her Confession ; for he was too well -
sffur'd of Camila's Virtue by the past Trial, to
suspe& that there . could be any thing relating to
her in what Leonela had to tell him : Wherefore
fastening her in her Room, and threatning thar
the should never come out till she had done what
she had promis'd, he return'd to his Chamber to.
Camilla, and told her all that had pass'd, without
omitting the Promise she had given to make some
strange Discovery to him the next Morning. You
may easily imagine the Concera this gave Camila;
she made no Doubt but that the Discovery Leonela
had promis'd was of her Disloyalty ; and withcut
waiting to know whether it were so or not,
that very Night, as soon as Anse/mo was asleep, -
taking with her all her Jewels and some Money,
the got undiscover'd out of the House, and went
to Lothario, inform'd him of all that had pass'd,
and defir'd him either to put her into some Place
of Safety, or to go with her where they mighr enjoy
each other secure from the Fears of 4»s2!-o.
This furprizing Relation so confounded Lothario,
that for some Time he knew not what he did, or
what Resolution to take ; bur at last, with Ca.
mila's Consent, he pur her into a Monastery where
his Sister was Abbess ; and immediately, without
ng any Body with his Departure, left rhe

Anselmo as soon as it was Day got up, without
missing his Wife, and made - Haste to TLeonela's
Chamber to hear what she had to say to him ; bur
he found no body there, only the Sheets ty'd together,
and fasten'd ro the Window, shew'd which
Way she had made her Escape; on which he return'dvery
sad to tell Camila the Adventure, but
was extremely surpriz'd when he found her nor in
the' whole House, nor : gy hear any —_

ns -_ 7 p —_—_— y - - ts

D £o ; 1 hd 4 de I _ wag iy Cem = w ”

EN DOR —X _ TX . b<., ; a exo wy p oo - 5 : 4 —

<x roots a ly Ce ee IO 2righk SW ongnrnde- ' PR 03% af Em rr ——
— —_ eG. . bas " a 5 "op en entre 1 : _— = 2 3ST
i _— Y ** £2 a. + 3 > ere =:) Ny a on . = _ - - T 0", P
4 __ 4 , gf (4 P, * = f = Go nes I Ee. + - £ _= XII III tr 7 i : =
ES \_ wh "ah D _—_— x IIS mz $a Sn __ - -

3 Shag he #4

your x4 "_ _ *. -
PEE Ae OO

M WEIS = ner I 0g

her from his Servants : But, finding in his Search
her Trunks open, and most of her Jewels gone,
he no longer doubted of his Dishonour : so, peg.
sive and half dress'd as he was, he went to Lotharis
Lodging to tell him kis Misfortune.; .but when hi
Servants inform'd him that he was gone that very
Night with all his Money and Jewels, his Pang
were redoubl'd, and his Grief encreas'd almost tg
Madness. To conclude, he return'd home, found
his House empty, for Fear had driven away all his
Servants. He knew not what to think, say,
do; he saw himself forsaken by his Friend, his
Wife, and his very Servants, with whom he imz.
gin'd that Heaven it se]f had abandon'd him ; but
His greatest Trouble was to find himself robb'd of
his Honour and Reputation, for Camila's Crime
was but too evident from all these concurring Cir.
cumstances. After a thousand distrating Thought,
He resfolv'd to retreat to. that Village whither he
formerly retir'd to give Lothario an Opportunity to
ruin him ; wherefore fastning up his Doors, be
rook Horse, full of Despair and Janguisking Sor.
row, the Violence of which was so great, that he
had scarce rid half Way when he was forc'd tow
light, and tying his Horse to a Tree, he threw
himself beneath it, and spent in that melancholy
Posture a thousand racking Refle&tions, most Part
of the Day, till a little before Night he discover'd
a Passenger coming the same Road, of whom he
enquir'd what News at Florence ? The Traveller
reply'd, that the most surprizing News that had
been heard of late, was now all the Talk of the

City, which was, that Lo:hario had that very Night
carry'd away . the wealthy Anselmo's Wife Camils;

which is all confess'd 'by Camilla's Woman, who
was apprehended that Night as she slipt from the

Window of An/clme's House by a Pair of Sheets

of the renown'd Dou Quixote. 449

The Truth of the Story I cannot affirm, continu't
the Traveller ; but every Body is astonish'd at the:
Accident; for no Man could ever suspe& such a
Crime from a Person engag'd in so strit a Friendship
with Anselmo as Lothario was, for they were
called the Two Friends, Is it yet known, reply'd
Anselmo, which way Lothario and Camila are gone *
No, Sir, return'd the Traveller, though the Go=-
vernour has made as stri& a Search after 'em as is
possible. 4nse/mo askd no more Questions, but,
after they: had taken their Leaves of each other,
the Traveller left him and pursu'd his Journey.
This mournful News so affe&ted the unfortunate
Anselmo, that he was struck wich Death almost thar
very Moment ; getting therefore on his Horse as:
well as: he could, he arriv'd at his Friend's House.
He knew nothing yet of his Disgrace, but seeing
him-so pale and melancholy, concluded that some
great Misfortune had befall'n him. Anselmo defir'd
to-be immediately led ro his Chamber, and furnilf'd
with Pen, Ink, and Paper, and to be lefr a-
Jone with his Door lock'd : When, finding that his
End approach'd, he refolv'd to leave in Writing:
the Cause of his sudden and unexpeted Death.
Taking therefore the Pen, he began to write; bur,
unable to finish what he design'd, he dy'd a Mar--
rio his impertinent Curiosity, The Gentleman:
nding he did not call, and that ir grew late, resoly'd
to enter his Chamber, and see whether his
Friend were better or worse; he found him half”
out of Bed, lying on his Face, with the Pen in his-
Hand, and a Paper open before him. Seeing him-
41n this Posture he dcew near him, call'd and mov'd:
him, bur soon found he was dead; which made
him call his Servants to behold the unhappy Event, .
and then took up the Paper, which he saw was:
X 3 written

CT ada ate pins HR
£2 E-of oe a

ef 2. pw

mr ke -
a met} ee . -

pu oy Progr RET

written in Anselme's own Hand, and was to this
Effe&. _

A Foolish and impertinent Desire has robb'd me of Lift,

If Camilla hear of my Death, let her know that
1 torgive her ; for she was not oblig'd to do Miracles, ny
was there any Reason I should have defir'd or expefted it;
and {ince 1 contriv'd my own Dishonour, there is m
Cause

Thus far Ansel/mo writ, but Life would not hold
out till he could give the Reasons he design'd,
1he next Day the Gentleman of the House sent

Word of Anselmo's Death to his Relations, who already

knew his Misfortune, as well as the Monaste.
ry. whither Camila was retir'd. She her elf was
indeed very near that Death which her Husband had
pass'd, though not for the Loss of him but Loths-
7/0, of which she had larely heard a flying Report.
Bux though sne was a Widow now, she would nei
ther take che Vei), nor leave the Monastery, till ia
a few Days the News was confirm'd of his oy

Rain in a Batre] betwixt Monsieur de Lautrec an

that great General Gonzalo Fernandez de Cordoua, 1n
the Kingdom of Naples. This was the End of the
offending, and too late penitent Friend ; the News
of which made Camila immediately profess her
self, and soon after overwhelm'd with Grief and
Melancholy, pay for her Transgression with the
Loss of her Life. This was the unhappy End of
them all, proceeding from so impertinent a Begin«
ning.

T like this Novel well enough, said the Curate ;
yet after all I cannot perswade my self, that there's
any thing of Truth in it; and if it be purely Invention,
the Author was in the Wrong, for 'tis not

of the renwown'a Dozy Quixote. 451

ro be imagin'd there can ever be a Husband so fools
ish, as to venture on so dangerous an Experiment.
Had he made his Husband and Wife, a Gallant and,
2 Mistress, the Fable had appear'd more probable ;
but, as it 15, *tis next to impossible, However, I
must confess, I have nothing to obje& against his
manner of telling ir.

CHAP. DL

Containing an Account of many surprizing
Accidents in the Inn.

at the Door, seeing Company coming, More

ests, cry'd he, a brave jolly Troop, on my
Word. If they stop here, we may sing © be joy»
ful, What are they, said Cardenio? Four Men, said.
the Host gallantly Mounted, with black Masks on
their Faces, and Arm'd with Lances and Targets ;
2 Lady too all in white, that rides single and
Mask'd; and two running Foot men. Are they
near, said the Curate ? Just at the Door, reply'd
the Inn-keeper. Hearing this, Dorothea veiPd her
self, and Cardenio had just time enough to step inta
the next Room, where Don 2#:,vute lay, when the
Strangers came into the Yard. The four Horsemen,
who made a very genteel Appearance dis.
mounted, and went to help down the Lady, whom
one of them taking in his Arms, carry'd-into the
House ; where he seated her in a Chair by the :
Chamber-door, into which Cardenio had withdrawn.
All this was done without d I Faces, , |

A. the same Time the Inn-keeper, who stood

CAE eu on 2” Wn
ern. +. $4 oc '
s : = a _ < x. 7”
rg HAR
'- 4 hart 4
—— 6-0 - - . : ys
A 4 ©" Wit... eve Fe w Ft
ee 46 in _ Tx = 6-4 -
Y I a. OO OST I ng Se IN
BTR nog RF Lo ar wh

Std pant re nies Wwe
EE ION - 26M
> 0 gee _ wy _ Xt

p- Gn wa e La 6 - _

ww ah
< wa HE
A F ayk
"4 CLIT.

452 The Life and Aichievements

vr speaking a Word; only the Lady as she-sat down
in the Chair, breath'd out a deep Sigh, and let her
Arms fink down in a weak and fainting Posture,
The Curate, marking their odd Behaviour, which
rzis'd in him a Curiosity to know who they were,
went to their Servants in the Stable, and ask'd
what their Masters were ? Indeed Sir, said one of
them, thar's more than I can tell you ; rhey seem
of no mean Quality, especially that Gentleman
who carry'd the Lady into the House, for the rest
pay him great Respe&, and his Word is a Law to
them. Who is the Lady, said the Curate ? We
know no more of her than of the rest aniwer'd the
Fellow, for we could never see her Face all the
time,and *tis impossible we should know her or them
any otherwise. They pick'd us up on the Road,
my Comrade and my self, and prevail'd with us to
wait on them to Andalusia, promising to pay us
well for our Trouble ; so thar, bating the two days
Travelling in their Company, they are utter Strats
gers to us. Could you not hear them name one
another 211 this time, ask'd the Curate ? No, truly,

Sir, answer'd the Footman, for we heard them not

speak a Syllable all the way : The poor Lady indeed
us'd to sigh and grieve so pitifully, that we
are perswaded she has no Stomach to this Journey:
Whatever may be the Cause we know not ; by her
Garb she seems to be a Nun, but by her Grief and
Melancholy one might guess they are going to
make her one, when perhaps the poor Girl has no
Fancy to live in a Nunnery. Very likely, said the
Curate ; and with that leaving them, he return'd
to the Place where he left Dorothea, who, hearing
the Mask'd Lady sigh so frequently, mov'd by the
natural Pity of the soft Sex, could not forbear enquiring
the Cause of her Sorrow. Pardon me,
M:dam, said she, if I beg to know your Grief 7

of the renown'd' Don Quixote. 453
and-assure your self, that my Request does not procced
from meer Curiosity,. but an earnest Inclination
to serve and asflist you, if your Misfortune be
any such as our Sex is naturally subje& to, and in
the Power of a Woman to cure. 'The melancholy
Lady made no return to her Compliment, and Dorethes
press'd her in vain with new Reasons, when
the Gentleman, whom the Foot- boy signify'd to be
the chief of the Company, interpos'd: Madam,
fe he, don't trouble your self to throw away an

erous Offer on that ungrateful Woman, whose
ture cannot return an Obligation ; neither ex-
& any Answer to your Demands, for her Tongue
13.2 Stranger to Truth. Sir, said the disconfolate
Lady, my Truth and Honour have made me thus
miserable, and my Sufferings are sufficient to prove
you the falsest and. most base of Men. Cardenie be=
ing only parted from the Company by Don Ruixe's
Chamber-door, over-heard these last Words
very distinaly, and immediately cry'd out, Good
eaven, what do I hear ! what Voice struck my.
Ear just now ? The Lady start''d at his Exclama:
tion, sprung from the Chair, and would have bolted
into the Chamber whence the Voice came ;, but
the Gentleman perceiving it, laid hold on her, ro.
ent her, which so disorder'd the Lady that her

Sk fell off, and discover'd an incomparable Face.,.
Beautiful as an Angel's, tho' very pale, and strange=
discompos'd, her Eyes eagerly rolling on every.
ide, which made her appear distrated. Dorothes:
and the rest, not guessing what her Eyes sought by.

their violent motion, beheld her with Grief and.

Wonder. She firuggh'd so hard, and the Gentle=-
man was so disorder'd by holding her, that hig-
Mask droprt off, and discover'd to Dorothea, who was -
afisting to hold the Lady, the Face of her Husband
Don Ferdinand : ns” had she known him,

when with a long and dismal Oh ! she fell in a
Swoon, and would have reach'd the Floor with all
her M/s had nor the Barber by good Fortune
stood behind, and supported her. The Curate ran
presently to help her, and pulling off her Veil to
throw Water in her Face, Don Ferdinand presently
knew her, and was struck almost as dead as she at
the Sight ; nevertheless he did not quit Lcinds,
who was the Lady that ftruggl'd so hard to get ou
of his Hands. Cardenio hearing Dorothea's Exclys
mation, and imagining it to be Lucinda's Voice,
flew into the Chamber in great Disorder, and the
first Obje& he met was Don Ferdinand holding Lucinda,
who presently knew him. They were all
Nruck dumb with Amazement: Dorothea gaz'd on
Don Ferdinandl; Don Ferdinand on Cardenio ; and Car
Henio and Lucinaa on one another. At last Lucinds
broke Silence, and addrefling Don Ferdinand, Let
me go, said she; unloose your hold, my Lord ; by
the Generosity you shou'd have, or by your Inhv-
— since it must be so, I conjure you, . leave
me, that I may cling like Ivy to my only Support;
and from whom neither your Threats, nor Prayers,
nor Gifts, nor Promises, could ever alienate
my Love. Contend not against Heaven, whose
Power alone could bring me to my dear Husband's
Sighr, by such —_ and unexpeRed means:
You have a thousand Instances to convince yon,
that nothing but Death can make me ever forget
him : Let this at least turn your Love into Rage,
which may prompt you to end my Miseries with
my Life, here before my dear Husband, where I shall
be proud to lose it, since my Death may convince
him of my unshaken Love and Honour, till the
last Minute of my Life. Dorethes by this time had
recover'd, and finding by Lucinda's Discourse, who
she was, and that Don Ferdinand would nog nabagy

I SD. ies Coeds Ia occuwad a. can ms 2250

Kould

of the renown'd Ddn Quixote. 455
her, she made a Virtue of 'Neceflity and falling at
his Feet, my- Lord, cry'd she, all barh'd in Tears,
if that Beauty which you hold in your Arms has
not altogether dazT''d your Eyes, you may behold
at your Feet, the once happy, but now miserable
Dorothea, I am that poor and humble Villager,
whom your generous Bounty, I dare not say your
Love, did condescend to raise to the honour of
calling you her own : I am she, who, once confin'd
to peaceful Innocence, led a contented Life,
till your Importunity, your Shew of Honour, and
delading Words, charm'd me from my Retreat ;
and made me resign my Freedom to your Power :
How I am recompenc'd may be guess'd by my
Grief; and my being found here in this strange
Place, whither I was led, not through any dishonourable
Ends, but purely by Despair and Grief to
be forsaken of You. 'Twas at-your Desire I was
bound to you by the striftest Tye, and whatever

youdo, you can never cease to be mime. Consider,

my dar Lord, that my matchless Love may bal- ”
hnce the Beauty. and Nobility of the Person for
whom. you would forsake me; she cannor share
your Love, for 'tis only mine ; and Cardenio's Inte>
ret in her will not admir a Partner. 'Tis easier
fr, my Lord, to re-call your wandring Desires,
and fix them upon her that adores you, than todraw
her to love who hates you. Remember how
you did sollicit my humble State, and conscious of
my Meanness, yet you a Veneration to my Innocence,
which join'd with the honourable Condition
of my yielding to your Desires, pronounceme
free from ill Design or Dishonour, Consider
these undeniable Truths: Have some Regard to
our Honour ! Remember you're a Christian! Why
ho ou then make her Life end so way

ofe Beginning your Fayour made so happy; ,

I must not expett the Usage and Netpot of a Wife,
let me but serve you as a Slave; so I belong to
you, though in the meanest Rank, I never {hall
complain : Let me not be expos'd to the slandring
RefleQions of the Censorious World, by so cruel a
Separation from my Lord: Afi& not the decli.
ning. Years of my poor Parents, whose faithful
Services to you and yours have merited a more
suitable Return. If you imagine the Current of
your Noble Blood should be defil'd by mixing with
mine, consider how many Noble Houses have run
in such a Channel ; besides, the Woman's Side ig
not essentially requisite to ennoble Descent! but
chiefly think on this, that Virtue is the truest Nobility,
which if you stain by basely wronging me,

ou bring a greater Blot upon your Family than
Macrring me could cause. In fine, my Lord, you
cannot, must not disown me for your Wife ;. to at«
test which Truth, I call your own Words, which
must be true, if you prize your self for Honour,
and that Nobility, whose want you so despise in
me; witness your Oaths and Vows, witness that
Heaven which you so oft invok'd to ratify your
Promises ; and if all these should fail, I make my
last Appeal co your own Conscience, whose Sting
will always represent my Wrongs fresh to your
Thoughts, znd disturb your Joys amidst your
greatest Pleasures.

These, with many such Arguments, did the
mournful Dorothea arge, appearing so lovely in her
Sorrow, that Don Ferdinand's Friends as well as
all the rest, sympathiz'd with her-z Lucinda particularly,
as much admiring her Wit and Beauty, as
mov'd by the Tears, the piercing Sighs and Moang
that follow'd her Entreaties; and she would have
gone nearer to have comforted her, had not Ferdinand's
Arms, that still held her, prevented s. =

flood: full of Confusion, with his Eyes fix'd attentively
on Dorothes a great while ; at last opening his
Arms, he quitted Lazcinds, Thou hast Conquer'd
cry'd he, Charming Doroth:s, thou hast Conquer'd
me, 'tis impossible to resist so many united Truths
and Charms. Lucinda was still so disorder'd and ©
weak, that she would have fall'n when Ferdird
quitted her, had not Cardenie, without regard
to his Safety, leap'd forward and caught her in his
Arms, and embracing her with Eagerness and Joy; _
Thanks Gracious Heaven, cry'd he aloud, my dear,
my faithful Wife, thy Sorrows now- are ended ;
for where canst thou rest more safe than in my
Arms, which now support thee, as once they did
when my bless'd Fortune first made thee mine. Lu
cinds then opening her Eyes, and finding her self
inthe Arms of her Cardenio, *without regard to Ceremony
or Decency, threw her Arms about his
Neck, and laying her Face to his, Yes, said she,
thou art he, thou art my Lord indeed ! 'Tis even
you your self, the right Owner of this poor har-
55 Captive. Now Fortune a@ thy worst, nor
Fears nor Threats shall ever part me more, from
the sole Support and Comfort of my Life. This
Sight was very surprizing to Don Ferainand and the
er SpeQtators. Dorothea perceiving by Don Fer.
dinend's Change of Countenance, and laying his
Hand to his Sword, that he prepar'd to assault
Cordenio, fell suddenly on her Knees ; and with an
endearing Embrace, held Don.Ferdinand's Legs so
fast, that he could not stir. What means, cry'd
the, all in Tears, the only Refuge of my Hope ?
ke here thy own and dearest Wife at thy Feet, and
you. would enjoy in her true Husband's Arms.
Think then, my Lord, bow unjust is your Attempr,
mn that Knot which Heaven has ty'd so faR,
an you e'er think or hope Success in your Design

firm'd in ftritest Constancy and Honour, before

Submission to Fate, and a Resignation of our Wills,

on her, who, contemning all Dangers, and coni

your Face lies bath'd in Tears of Joy and Passion
in her true Lover's Bosom. For Heaven's sake I'
mmtreat you, by your own Words I conjure you to
mitigate your Anger, and permit that faithful Pair
to consummate their Joys, and spend their remain.
ing Days in Peace: Thus may you make it appext
that you are Generous and truly Noble, giving the
World so strong a Proof that you have your Rex
son at Command, and your Passion in SubjeQion,
All this while, Cardenio, though he still held Lu
cinds in his Arms, had a watchful Eye on Don
Ferdinand; resolving, if he had made the least Offer
to his Prejudice, to make him pn it and alt
his Party, if possible, though at the Expence of his
Life. But Don Ferdinard's Friends, the Curate, the
Barber, and all the Company, (not forgetting honest
Sancho Pangs) got together about Don Ferdinand,
and entreated him to pity the Beautiful Dorothes's
Tears; that considering what she had aid, the
Truth of which was apparent, it would be the
highest Injustice to frustrate ber lawful Hopes;
that their strange and wonderful meeting could
not be attributed to Chance, but the peculiar and
direQing Providence of Heaven ; that no (a
Mr. Curate very well urg'd) but Death could part
Cardenio from Lucinds ; and that tho' the Edge of
the Sword might separate them, he would make
them happier by Death than he could hope to be
by surviving ; that in irrecoverable Accidents, 3

shew'd notonly the greatest Prudence, bur also the

highest Courage and Generosity ; that he

not envy those happy Lovers what the Bounty &

Heaven had conferred on them, but that he should

turn his Eyes on Dorothea's Grief, view her ineg
Paris

BARDEnERWsso mc .cccoc.ool.c.—_c_...

parable Beauty, which, with her true and unfeigned
Love, made large Amends for the Meanness of
sion her Parentage ; but Principally it lay upon him,
ke I'M + if he glory 'd in the Titles of Nobility and Christi-
W 2anity, to keep his Promise unviolated : That the
1 Pair more reasonable Part of Mankind could not other.
wise be satisfh'd, or have any esteem for him: Also
pperr I fhat it was the special Prerogative of Beauty (if
the W heighta'd by Virtue, and adorn'd with Modesty}
Ret to , 4 claim to any Dignity, withont Disparage«»
Qton ment or Scandal to the Person that raises it ; and
4 tw = that the strong DiQtates of Delight having been
Don once indulg'd, we are not to be blam'd for follow.
Of. og chem afterwards, provided they be not unlawful,
In short, To these Reasons they added so ma.
of his ny enforcing Arguments, that Don Ferdinand, who
e, the was truly a Gentleman, could no longer resist Reaig
bo- WY: son, bu stoop'd down, and embracing Dorethes,
I ki, Madam, said he, 'tis not proper that she should
othes's BY lie prostrate ar my Feet who triumphs over my
3. the WY Soul: If I have not hitherto paid you all the re. 7
ve the fpe& I ought, 'cwas perhaps so order'd by Hea» |
opes; | Yea, that having by this a stronger conviftion of
could your Constancy and Goodness, I may henceforth
r aod | fer the greater value on your Merit: Ler the fuo,
(4s I fire RespeRs and Services I shall pay you, plead
pare a P&don for my past Transgresfions ; and let the
age of | Viokeot Passions of my Love, that first made me
make my be an excuse for that which caus'd me to
you : View the happy Lucinda's Eyes, and
nts,+ | fhere read a thousand farther Excuses ; bur I pro-
Wills eise henceforth never to disturb her Quiet ; and

Iso te BY ay. she live long and contented with her dear

should & G#rdenio ; as T hope to do with my dearest Dore- |
nty > Is. Thus concluding, he embrac'd her again
shoald Þ { lovingly, that ic was with no small difficul |

that he kept in his Tears, which he endeavour'd |

to conceal, being. asham'd to discover so Effemi,
tate a proof of his Remorse.
Cardenio, Lucinda, and the greatest part of the
Company could not so well command their Pass.
ons, but all wept for joy ; even Sancho Pancs
himself shed Tears, though, as he afterwardz
confess'd, it was not for downright Grief, but be.
cause he found not Dorothea to be the Queen of
Micomicona, as he suppos'd, and of whonr he ex
peed to many Favours and Preferments. Carden
and Lucinda fell at Don. Ferdinaxd's Feet, giving
him thanks, with the strongest expressions which
Gratitude could suggest ; he. rais'd them up, and
receiv'd their. Acknowledgments with- muc
desty ; then begg'd to be inform'd. by Doro: hea, how
she came.to that Place. She related to him all the
had told. Cardenio, but with such a Grace, that what
were mis-fortunes to her, prov'd.an unaccounts
ble pleasure to those that heard her Relation: Af.
terwards Don Ferdinand told all that had befall'n
him in the City, afcer he found the Paper in is
cinda's Bosom, which declar'd Cardenio to be het
Husband ; how he would have kill'd her, had
not her Parents prevented him ; how afterwards,
mad_ with Shame and Anger, he left the City, to
wait a more. commodious Opportunity of Revenge
how in a short time he learnt that Zuci
was fled to a Monastery, resolving to end he
Days there, if she could not spend them with
Cardenio ; that, having defir'd those three Gentle
men to go with him, they went to the Monastery,
and waiting till they found the Gate open, he
left ewo of the Gentlemen to secure the Door,
while he with the other enter'd the House, where.
they found I rcinds, talking with a Nun in the.
Cloifter ;. tucy forcibly brovght her thence 89%,
Village, where they disguis'd themselves, if

a DVDe_ om > acc. 44

wy as

of the renown?d Din Quixote. 461

their more convenient flight, which they more
easily brought about, the Monastery being fituate

the W in the Fields, diftantza good way from any Town.

fi. W He likewise added, how Lucinda finding her self

ances Wl in his Power, fell in a Swoon, and that after she

vards MW came to her self, she continually wept and sigh d,

t be» but would not speak a Syllable ; and that accomn

of yd with Silence only and Tears, they had

ex. © Travell'd, till they came to the Inn, which prov'd

dena W tohim as his arrival at Heaven, having put a hap»

ving W py conclusion to all his ezrthly Misfortunes.

hich
