ſſador, a and the Lord 


y of Fate. . 7. 


0 VD N. Printed for V. 1 at 3 
he Lamb, without Temple Bar. 17 19. 15 | ma 


Xa» 


« ' _ 
7; of 161 i 


5 78 
21 n %: : * Tx hs * 4 
223 die * 4 4. 29 vr wo | *. -. 
Na Gude D n 10 


Al 
5 th 


ME M 0 YF R C | 


* ) 
i 15 $4 6k ; 51 
. ein 
\ Sir W ALTER Roms Sc: 
a "jd 324k 4 ot Ly 19 * 13 
12283 So] "rt SY k 410 ih _— 


30. trear of a Man like ir Walter | 
SOA e ofſſuch approv d Sufficiency, 
' Ty 5.0 and of fo diffuſive a Ptaiſe, ſo equally 
| 18 A. B teat in ſo many. different Parts of 
Wen Lite, is like attempting a Landfchap V 
team a bich Hill, where the Variety 
FUN and Extent ot the Profpects ſerve 5a- 
ther to confound, than entertain the 
Eye, and call for Judgment to correct the Fanty, which 
is too apt to run riot, and eſpecially when ploy: d on 
100 ce $, 14 60. IC, 8 f1 4 1 
N wy; od a > def and dont: 
' Under ſuch Diſadvantages am I to trace Sir ales, 
thro a long and mix d Setieg of Prefermenta and Miſ- 
far And ſuch, were his Excellegcies, | either as 4 
Stardſman: or Soldier, Seamen, or Chymiſt, Chronologer . 
% ae that 1 am ag a Loſs to determine mp 
The 1 ed Leen onghr to be moſt copious. 


o Ad 


LIST to do bim the — 
wn | = t ras a Sufferer by my levi 


2 


Inability, is, in bis Riſe r AQtions; bil Adee ed 
and N to follow ry 5 Accounts that ate ex- Kj 
t of his Times, a toe 5 3 

e 2 5 


bo | rent, to fatisfy CESS 4 
to take Notice, os he was Born at a Sear of his Family 
call d Hays, in the Village of Budely,'or Budleigh in De- 
N Whatever Honours might belong to the Name 
of aleigl. before He enobled it, Time has been pretty 
Silent as to their Eſtates; and ougSir Walter ſtarted into 
the World the youngeſt "Brother of his Family. They 
whaenvied his Promotions, as it is not to be wonder d, 
endeavour d to rob him of his Gentility: bur, to de- 
fend. Him on, tha r, it was a Stareſtnan's-Qbſer- 
vation on Queen'ELTS AIET H, that She, ttirough ber 
whole Reign was never guilty of a haſty of 
took into her Favour a meer new Man, or a Mechanick ; A. 
Maxim, which ſucceeding Monarchs haus yoke through. | 
withour much Scruple- I remember Si lter 5 
where talks of Nobility in Farchmedy, eitheppurchar's | 
by the Owners Vanity, or conferr d by the Prigceis Fa- 
vour: and theſe; ſays He, are indeed but. Honours f 
Aﬀection, which Ki ne, iib the Change of their INE; 
wiſh ERIE. — ae off ben. 5 * 
| i641) a3 — 
Where — took the felt lnpreſſions of 1 
might bela Matter of vain Diſquibrion ; tho, ptobably, * 
it was at ſome private School in the County which 
claims the Honour of his Birth: And when he was ripen. d 
to Univerſity Learning, we find him a Meniber of Orsel 
Callege in 0-yford;. It has been a Doubt, whether the 
Slenderneſs of his or the Active Diſpoſition and 
Ambitious Reaches Gf his Soul; made him ſo reſtieſs and 
unconfim dic chat he thought an Intenſeneſs- to his — i 
mighi be ai Bar to his Preferment; 8 therefore he 
ſou khr rhe firſt Occalions of tank 2 R F 
23 rund. Aion. 92 


* 34> 


m—_— EY) 
Tue Mathoc who bas iprefix'd His Life. tb. Eis NL 
For one of the Int of: Curt, which he knew were 
a ais Nime, and improx'd. birpſelf im the: inttiea Kno] 
1 Hedge of our Laws: Bur, L believe, in this Circumſtance 
here is.a Miſtake: ſo thuions, char no Merit can reaſon- 
ably be aſſum d from correcting ita for Sir h upon” 
his Atraignment, in à Reply te the Arromey<General; * 
lays a heavy Imprecamon upon kimſelf, if ever he read 4 
Mind of ub Lam, er'Statutes, befare be wen a Prifoner 1 
the Tower, * 2001 1 1 18 N At 1 


Sit Wulrer, whoſe Aim was ta recommend; himſelf 
early to the Notice: of ch World, hadi che Advamage of 
z ſtirring Age to ſecond: his Ambition. France: wus then 
imbroil din Civil Feudag Exgland; to divert athreaten d 
Danges from the growing Power of Snain, lent Aſſiſtance 
Ito the then diſtreſs d and humble Hollander: = Sparny by a 
political Reprizal, rais d ſtrong Commotions in Ireland ; 
and: the Fee, to make Rebellion more laſting, and give 
it che ne Colour of Religion, pretended . that King- 
dom was ai Penquifire-of: St. Peten. Sir Walter, im the beat 
of theſe Diſtracſtinmꝭ thruſt himſelf into Arms, and 
made: ſome Campaiges in France, the Lap:Cawnmries, and 
Ireland, But here he! fonnd his Succeſs. ov Encourage- 
ment, ſo ſmall, and Reputation ſo ſlowly attending his 
Exploits, that he was reſolv d ror try how fur a Sea - 
Voyage might improve his Fortune, or extend bis Cha- 
racer. His: Thirſt: af Honour, and Impatience of a 
Condition below: his Spirit, made him a Futtern of In- 
duſtry in every ENploy ment. The ſcanty: Portion of 
Sleep that ha allowed himſelf, and his indefatigable Ap- 
plication ro) Books, and Buſineſs, made him equally a 
Maſter in the Arts of War and Navigation; and he 
wanted but the Sunſhine of a Court to throw our into 
=—_u thoſe Wonders, which were reſerv'd for his riper 
e | Sort SY 


I. Litlerwas/ he yer heard of ar Court, and leſs were bis 
- YExpectayzons of cidpgubere, till a QuarceLaroſe between 


a ˙ 2 


—— SOomOuubs. <a — — A - —— RXV ſ— — — — 
. a -” 0 - S * . 
- * 4 


nn eee 
= COIN 
* 


the Lond - Depnty of Ireland, and ot Raleigh, who . 
ent wich a Captain's Commiſion into chat Kingdom. 
The Matter was Complain d afp. arid refer d to the Hear- 

ing of the Council in- Augland. In this Juncture, as ome | 


” I. 
4 8 


Traditions will have it, Ralegh fohnd an Advocate ;ituthe 
Great Batl af Leiceſter, who, either but of Spleen to the 


Lord. Deputy, ot a private InterbſtC bf his 00 u, (00 f che 


often the chief Motives of a Stateſman s Proceedings ;.) 
related the whole Buſineſs to the Queen at Council, with 
no little Advantage to Ruleigbs Conduct. Others ſay, 
he was firſt introducd by Su/ſex;:to: defeat the Defigns; 
and eclipſe the Splendor of Leiceſter his Enemy. [Hig 
Admiſſion to Court, however grounded, by his Wit and 
Management, ſoon open d him a /Paffage to Favour aud 
Preferment: For the Queen, who was ſo bod a Judge 
of a bright Genius, ſoon found his Capacity of ſerving 
her; and ſo far vouchſaf d him ber Ear, that (carte: 
any thing of Moment was afterwards done, wichpur 
conſulting him upon the Sas h n. m3 3d: 
d ni goo lolitas parti in es aue lui 
Leiceſter, now, with invidibus Eyes; beheld the pe- 
Vailing Influence of Raleigh, and grew jealous, that his 
ovyn Intereſt would attfully. be undermin d by the new 
Favourite. The beſt Meuns he cold invent to divert 
the Current of her Aﬀections; was to ſend Raleigh out of 
her Sighr, and introduce the Eart of: Eſſeæ to bet Service. 
Upon this Scheme, he did not fail to inſinuate the! Pains. 
chat Raleigh took to make Diſcoveries, and advance the 
Glory of the Agi Navigation. The Quten Was as 
willing to liſten to his Merit; and ſent him on à Voyage . 
to Sea, in which: be diſcover d that Country, / which; in , 
Honour of the Queen, has ever ſince bęen calld Virginia. L 
Upon his, Return from this Expedition, She rewurded 
him with the Honour of Knighthood ; and amongſt other 


Wer | , 0 1 
Preferments, gave him the Goverment of Jerſey and lit: e 
Einia. . 1497 01 12650 15 13221. 4 12 10 ain N 

| edn "SEW | . me to 
— — £1215 _ 1: 4141 ve 141 J 94 * #4. . 


1 id 10 TERS 10 11 
Sir Malter nde for a while became a Courtier, till an Paniſb: 
indiſcreet Paſſion baniſh'd him from that Sphere; for 
happening to debauch obe of the” Maids of Heneuf, ird, 
* ke afterwards, in Jultice to het, * 1 atter d 
2417 | : kame, 1 


'CF) 
Fam, married ; )che-Frowns of the Queed for ſome rims 
put a Re t upon his Liberty. He, who could but 


1 


brock a Confinement that oppos'd the growing of his 
ortunes, Was rants little ĩmportunate to obtain his Free- 
em ; which obtained, he was no leſs zealous to get out 
f che Eye of his Miſtreſss Diſpleaſure; judging rightly, 
| hat his Abſence, and ſuccesful Voyage, would be moſt 
ikely*to abate her Reſerrmengs, and recpncile him to her 
zavout r this time that he put bimſelf 
pon his. Guiana Expedition; a Country that had been 
0 much talk d of by the Spaniards, and, if poſſeis d by 
Ihe Engliſp, was ſo conveniently ſcituated to annoy Spain 
her American Trade. Sir Walter ſoon made ſuch Diſ- 
overies there, that it was mov d at the En giiſb Court, 
iat a Colony ſhould be planted there, and ſome propor- 
ionable_Force lent over to make good the Action: Bur 
his Motion, on Advice, was rejected, in regard of the 
Diſtance of the Country from the main Body of our 
Ptrengtb, and becaule the Spaniards, bordering near upon 
''* ft, might cafily caſt out our {mall Forces, and make the 
Bens #574 -diſhonourable to our Nation. Sir Walter, 
owever, upon his Return, found bis Diſcoveries ſo ſa- 
sfactory at Court, that the Queen ſeem d to have forgot 
had ever miſ- behav q, and began anew to cheriſh him 
fuub her Favour, |. e "Di | 


The Reſolutions at Home were now to humble the In- 
plence of Spain, and fairly ſer on them in their own 
orts : A noble Fleet of 150 Sail hereupon was made 
Fady. Robert Earl of Eſſex, and the Lord Charles 
loward, the Admiral, were made Commanders in Chief, 
ich equal Authority, under the Title of Generals; and 
them were join d for a Council of War, the Lord 
Pema Howard, Sir Walter Raleigh, Sir Francis Vere, Sit 
- feorge Carew, and Sir Coniers Clifford, The Fleet ſoon 


me to Anchor on the Weſt Side of the Illand of Cates, 
1 * d within two Days after it was agreed to attack the 


anz/h Ships. This Agreement was ſoon put ino Execu- 
| 15 on, and the Brayery of Eſſex and the Engliſb ſo far pre- 
our, ird, that the Spaniard, being miſerably ' rorn and 
me; er d, reſelv d xp fire all their Veſſels, or run chem 
lee; on 


* 
* — 3 —*—³ dÜ( mm Pa nt —— oy 
Fs _ 


che $poniſ Cope; they wprarti'® thtv 


fram this Deſign,” alledging, that it would rob rhe Eat 


Orders which the inferior Officers and Soldiers wete 


— 


of TIE 25 Falter 
mean tine uns commanded” with bis Ve 


* 


* Metchantibhips lying af He-: T0 den aro! 
Dacets were afferd for theft Redatiption, bur the 12 
n durnt, to the in off * 


. * 
gun, cd 


1 


| — 


10 the Inclinations'of the Earl of Ber, who not 5 
would. have —— en underraken for 
ages honey ag n 


"| Joahe klein Year, the Quels bling Thfbrin't th 
the Kingiof: Spain was prepatitig a new Fleet againit Tre 
land, ſhe futedour a Navy ef 120 Saif, divided into 
Squadrons, the Firſt ro be commanded by che Earl uf E 
ſex, the Scond by che Lord Tbp Howard,” and th 
Third by Sir #/alrer Raleigh. In this eK n, the 
were diſtreſs'd with dreadfil” Tempeſts, and the. Flee 
ſeatter d: but hey met again at the Illes, call'd ore 
where  Releigh wanting Water, was obig d to 
Shore withour Leave, and before he could be fatnith's 
was Commanded ro follow Hſſer to Faya!! ; where nc 
finding him, he obſerved the Port, and calling 4 Conthci 
the Commander advis d him to attack the Place; Sir Gi! 
Merick, a Creature of Es, diſſwaded Sir Walt: 


* 1 . 


of the Honour af Taking the Town, and fo confirm hin 
his Enemy. But Sir alter, either too ambitious of th 
AQod, ar too eager of rhe Spoil, with fome of bis chic 
Voluntiers landed, and ſoon won the Town. The tic 
Day E/ex artiv'd, and Meriok fail'd not malicioufly 
inſimu ate, that Sir Walter had made this Arrempr to prey * 
vent bis Lordihip-i in the Honour of the Exploit. So 
perſwaded rhe Earl to call a Council of War, and caſhi ; 
Reefs and others advis d the raking off his Head fa 
landing withoor- the Leave of his chief Commande 
Sw alien. in his Defence pleaded, That he being or 
of the three Generals, was not oblig d to obſerve tho 


thar be was neceſſnared ro land, being in extteamn Wal © 


1 en) © : 
aa: of Water, which was not to be had without fighting. 
| This Matter was ſoon made up by the Mediation of the 
Lord Howard, but from That, and former Jealoußies, 
"aroſe fuch an unhappy Conteſt and Emulation between 
the Eart and Raleigb, as never could be thoroughly ex- 
tinguiſn d. but by Death it ſelf. ni nd! 


Aer, ät that time, ſtond in ſo high Eſtimation with 
the People, xhax Sir Walter's Actions were by Prejudice 
miſconſtrued, and becauſe he was not Eſſexs Friend, he 
of courſe be an Enemy to his Country: but a ſhort 
Term of Years. took this belov d Rival our of the way ; 
For the Earls Heat and Indiſcretion run him into Projects 
40 indirect, as made his Life dangerous to the Safety 
of abe Queen, and ſhe was oblig d, tho with much Re- 
Jactancy, to ſubmit to bis Execution. When the Earl 
s brought to the Scaffold, as moſt People believ d Sir 
Waker pleas d at the Occaſion, ſo he was highly reflected 
don for coming openly to ſee him die, as if it were on pur- 
poſe to inſult in the Sacrifice of his Enemy: But if we 
are to believe his own dying Words, he proteſted, That 
be ſhed Tears at the Earl's Death, tho' be was one of the 
-gontrary Faftion ; and that he was all the while in the Ar- 
- moury at the further end, where he could but ſee Eſſex, and 
was ſorry that he was not with him, becauſe be beard that 
"Efſex had a defire to ſee, and be reconciled. to him. 


i KJ 


The Queen did not long ſurvive the Fate of that Fa- 
vourite, and Affairs as ſoon chang d to the Diſadvantage 
of Sir Malter: For when King James came in, and the 
Lord Cobham and Sir Walter had deſign d to meet him on 
the Road, he ſent them word, Thar they might ſave them- 
ſelves that Labour. The Conſequences of ſuch Cool- 
nels gave room for private Diſcontents, which were 
beighten d by Sir Walter's being turn'd our of his Place of 
1 Captain of the Guards, which was given to a Scotch 
Lord. Whatever dangerous Meaſures he entred into, to 
revenge the Comempts ſhewn to his Merirs; Accuſations 
fol aroſe to a Sufpicion of Treaſon, and Sir Walter, the 
Lord Cobham, and ſeveral others were apprehended, and 
committed to the Tower. * Ws 
n 


Ge) 
. e 644 a, 5.4 2003 597, HY 2 TI Re. Mol 1 
In the November following, the Peſtilenes raging. It 
London, they were remov'd from the Tower, under 
ſtrong Guard, to be arraign'd-ar Y/incheſter; Their In- 
dictment lay for conſpiring to kill the King, to raiſe a 
Rebellion, to alter the Religion, ſubvert the State; gpd 
procure a foreign Invaſion, Concerning the firſt Poihr, 
it was prov d, that Thomas Lord Grey deſign d to obtain 
the levying of 2000 Men for the Defence of the Nethef- 
laudi, and with them to ſeize upon the King and Prince, 
and ſecure the Lords of the Council in their Chambegꝭ. 
For the other Particalars, it was alledg d, That the Lord 
Cobham. and Sir Walter Raleigh met at St. Mgrtins in the 
Fields, and there conſulted about moving I 


dition, rau 
fing Rebellion, altering Religion, ſubverting the State, 
and ſetting up the Lady Arabella Stxart. That Sir Wal- 
ter was appointed to treat with Count Aremberg for a 
large Sum of Money, and the Lord Cobham to apply 
- himſelf ro the Arch-Duke and King of Spain, to induce 
them to aſſiſt the Lady Arabella, : , 


It was much inſiſted, by their Friends, in behalf of the 
- Priſoners, that theſe. things could not be Treaſon, be- 
cauſe. the King was not yet crown d: And beſides, That 
the whole Accuſation was but a Verbal Matter, and ne- 
ver took Effect, therefore it could not be Treaſon. Theſe 

were look d upon but as evaſive Pleas, offer'd in Mitiga- 
tion, rather to skreen than excuſe the Offenders, and 

therefore had no Influence upon the Proceedings againſt 
hem | ahl 


Sir Walter, on the 17th Day of November, 1603. was | 
brought to his Tryal before the Earl of Suffolk, Lord Fir 
Chamberlain; the Earl of Devon; Lord Henry Howard; he M 
Lord Cecil, Earl of Salisbury; Lord Weotten ; Sir John the! 
. Stanhope, Vice- Chamberlain; Lord Chief Juſtice Popham, 
Lord Chief Juſtice Anderſon, Mr. Juſtice Gaudie, Mr. 
Juſtice Warburton, and others, Commiſſioners by ſpecial 
Delegate afſign'd. The Indictment being read, Sir Wal- 
ter was ask d, if he would except againſt any of his Ju- 
ry To which he reply'd, No, he knew none of amy ; 
the 


— 


1 


AWE 4, 
they Wers all » Chriſtians and honeſt Gentlemen ; but 
pray d, that he might anſwer ro Points particularly as 
| were delivered, by reaſon of the Weakneſs of bis ) 
A and Sickneſs. Then began Heath, the King's 
Serſeant at Law, and Sir Edward Cook, the Attorney- 
General, to deſcant on the Indictment, or rather to ex- 
claim againſt the Priſoner: (A method which ever was, 
zd ever will be made uſe of in Proceedings for the 
rown, ſince, if we may believe ſo wiſe a Man as Sir 
Walter, There: is no Cauſe: ſo doubeful, which the King's 
Council cannot malte good againſt the Lam) As ſoon as. 
the general Pleadings were over, Sir Walter: informed. 
Mr. Attorney, That Hi, Words could not condemn him; 
but if they could prove one of the Things, wherewith 
they had charg d him, he would confeſs rhe whole In- 
di t: That he did not hear that they had ſpoken 
one Word againſt him; and if my Lord Cobham was a 
Traitor, What was that co him? Mr. Attorney reply d, 
That whatever my Lord Cobham had done, was by Ra- 
leigb's Inſtigation: And then for Proof proceeded to read 
his Examination; in which he confefs d, Thar he had a 
Paſsport to go to the Spaniſh King, intending to go to the 
Arch. Duke to confer with him about theſe Practices, and 
becauſe he knew he had not Money to pay his own Army, 
from thence he meant to go to Spain, to deal with the 
King for-660000 Crowns, and to return by Ferſey ; and 
that nothing ſhould be done, until he had ſpoken with 
Sir Malter Raleigh for diſtribution of the Money to thoſe 
who were diſcontented in England: and that he had ne- 
ver entred into theſe Courſes, but by his Inſtigation, and 
that he would never let him alone. 


cw Sir Walter here made a ſtrong and ample Defence to 
Fo In the Matters ſuggeſted againſt him by Cobham s Examina- 
tion; which Defence, becauſe pathetick, as well as per- 

Mr. tinent to the'whole Cauſe, I have thought proper to tranſ- 
cial Cribe at its full Length · After having call d tor a fighr of 
the Examination, This (aid He) is all the Evidence can 
ja- be brought againſt me: Poor Shifts ! You, Gentlemen 
5 Jof the Jury, Ipray you- underſtand this. This is thac 
dhe Y which" quit" either condemn, or gire me Life ; which 
7 B 2 muſk 


ITY 


( £397) 
maſt ſree me, or ſend my Wife: and Children to beg their 
Bread about the Streets: This is that muſt prove me 4 
notorious Traitor, ar a true Subject to the King, I nei 
ver ſaw this Examination before. At my firſt Examina - 
tion by my Lords at Windſor, what I knew of Cobhama 
Practice with Aremberg, I anſwer d negatively: and a8 i 
concerning Arabella, I prateſt before God, I never heard 


one word of it. If that be prov d, let me be guilty,of & 
thouſand Treaſons. It is a ſtrange Thing you will im- 
pute that to me, when I never heard ſo much as the 
Name of Arabella Stuart, but only the Name of Arabella 
After being exuin d, I told my Lords, That I though 
my Lord Cobham had Conference with Aremberg, I fuſs; 
pected his viſiting him: For after he departed from me 
at Durham- Houſe, by his own Stairs, and paſſed over to 
St. Mary Saviour's ; I knew Lawrency a Merchant, and a, 
Follower of Aremberg, and therefore likely ta go unto, 
him. My Lord Cecil ask d my Opinion conpentin 
Lawrency: I ſaid, That if you do not apprehend 5 
cy, it is dangerous, he will fly ; if you do apprehend him, 
you ſhall give my Lord Cobham notice thereof. I was 
ask d likewiſe, who was the greateſt Man with my Lord 
Cobbam? I anſwered; I knew no Man ſo great wick 
him, as young Mat of Kent. As ſoon as Cobham (aw my 
Letter to have diſcover d his Dealing with Aremberg, 
in his Fury be accus d me; but before he came ro the 
Stair- foot he repented him, and ſaid, he had done me 
Wrong. When he came to the end of his Accuſation, he 
added, That if he had brought this Money to Ferſay, I 
would have. deliver d him to the King. Mr. 4*torney, 
you ſaid, this never came out of Cobbam's Quiver: He is 
a ſimple Man. Is he ſo ſimple? No: He hath Diſpoſi- 
tions of his oven, he will not eaſily be guided by. others, 
but when he has once taken head in a matter, he is nav 
eaſily drawn from it; be is no Babe. It is ſtrange for | 
me to deviſe with Cobham, that he ſhonld go to Spain, 
to perſwade the King to disburſe ſo much Money, he 
Being a Man of ne Love in England, and I having re- 
ſign d my Room of cbhiefeſt Command, the: Wardenſhip 
of the Stanneries. It is ſtrange for me to make my ſelf 
-Rebin Hand, or a Mete, or a Cade; I knowing England * 
; is; Is. 4 | to 


1 


Cm) 


in Petter Eſtars than ever ir was.. I knew Scotland 
pO wry yr. Na before 
was. ſuſpected. | 1 knew, t aying a Lady whom 
ime bad ſurpriz'd, we had now a. lawful Succeſſor. 
he: State of Spain was not unknown ro me; I had 
Arten a Diſcourſe, Which I had intended to preſent 
ro the King, againſt Peace with Spain. I knew the 
ard had fx Repulſes ; three in Ireland, and three ar 
Sea;: and once in 1388 at Calei, by my Lord Admiral. 
knew be was diſcourag'd, and diſhonou d. I knew 
the King of Spain to be the proudeſt Prince living; bur 
now he comerh creeping to the Ning, my Maſter, for Peace. 
1 knew, whereas before be had in bis Ports fix or ſeven 
dre Sail of Ships, he bach now but fix or ſeven, 1 
new of twenty five Millions he had from his Indies, 
he hath ſcarce one left. I knew him ſo poor, that the 
Feſuits. in Spain were ſeign to beg at the Church Door. 
Was it ever read or heard, that any Prince ſhould diſ- 
burſe ſo much Money, without a ſufficient Pawn? 1 
knew het. own Subjects, the Citizens of Landon, would 
nar lend her Majeſty Money without Lands in Mortgage: 
I knew the Queen did not lend the States Money wirhs 
out Fluſhing, Brill, and other Towns for a Pawn, And 
can it be thought he would let Cobbam have ſo great a 
Sum ! I never came to the Lord Cobham's, but about 
Mztters of his Profit; as the Ordering his Houſe, Pay- 
ing of his Servants Boardwages, Sc. I had of his, when 
I was examin d, four thouſand Pounds worth of Jewels 
for a Purchaſe; a Pearl of three thouſand Pounds, and 
a Ring worth five hundred Pounds. If he had had a 
| | Fancy to run away, he would not have left {@ much to 
; | have purchas d a Leaſe in Fee-farm, I ſaw him buy 
 Jrbree hundred Pounds worth of Books, to fend to his 
Library at Canterbury, and à Cabinet of three hundred 
Pounds 20 give to Mt. Attorney for drawing the Convey- 
ance; and God of Heaven knoweth, not I, whether he 
intended to travel. But for that Practiſe with Arabella, 
or Letters to Aremberg. or any Diſcourſe with him, 
or in what Language he ſpake unto him, if 1 knew 
6 any of choſe things, I would abſolutely confeſs the In- 
land — deat thouſand 
| . | | Dl 


22 — —-— wm 


ſ 


ng 
As 7 oo | 2537 n "1921 a7 $4 


Cobbam — A 
was at beft but a Circumſtance againſt him, and an Ac. Ir 
cuſation which the Accuſer himſelf had forſworn; and: + * * 
' therefore was vehement that Coblum might appear, a 
perſonally. accule him. Mr. Attorney, to the firſt Paint,, 
reply d, E eee LE 
was of as as if he had ſubſcrib'd ie; 
the Judges 24 no Wiſe hearken to Cobbamt 
23 0 juſtify bis Examination, for To a Num- 
Treaſons might flouriſſi ; chat the Accuſer mighr-be 
ym by Practiſe, while he was in Perſon; that ſuch 
4 Gap muſt not be open d for the Deſtruction of the 
King: That my Lord Cobbam might poſſibly have been 
labour d with, and to ſave: Sir Malter, his old Friend, 
might deny all tha he hall ee. ny 


The Lord Cecil, who. ſubtly infiouared that red: in 
great Diſpute with himſelf to > ſpeak in the Cale of Sir 
Walter, for that a former Dearneſs between them bad 
tied ſo firm.a Knot of his Conceit of his Virtues; was 1 
after wards fo buſy in oppoſing Sir Walters Demands ta „ 
the Court, that he thought ſit ro apologize for himſelf, . 
ang was afraid his often Speech would make the World 
think, he delighted to hear himſelf talk: but that Sir 
Walter knew by the Law of the Realm, my Lord 
bam could nat be brought: that if he had retracted part 
of his Examination, many particulars were not retracted, 
and the Validity of all muſt be left to the Jury. Sir 
Walter {till inſiſted that the Proceedings againſt him muſt 
be ſecundum allegats & probata; and he appeal'd to God 
and the King, whether Cebham's Accuſation could be ſuf- 
ficient to condemn him: After this he pull'd out a Let- 
rer of Juſtificarion written to him from Cobham, - which 
he deſir d the Lord Cecil to read, becauſe he knew his | 
Hand. :. The Effect of which Letter was as follows, ©, 
1 * Seeing my. ſelf ſo near my End, for the Diſcharge of I (had 
* my own Conſcience, - and freeing my ſelf ſtom your ag u 
24 « Blood, which elſe will cty: Vengeance againſt me I Wc.) 
= proceſt une my, Salvation, I never So EE 
18 | 


Spin by your-Procurement. God fo comfort me in 
@ thing that Lknow':I will ſay as Duniel, Purus ſum 4 
«. ſanguine bujus: So God have Mercy on my Soul, as 


Tbis, or whatever Raleigb could alledge, was of no 
Weighr with the Jury t0 ftave off his Condemnation ; 
the Fudzes and the King's Counſel did what they could to 
Haul him our of his Life, and fince, as an Author ſays in 
his Life, they wanted Proof, would endea vour to 
rife him out. Sir Walter finding Oppoſition in vain, con- 


7 
2 * 
i, 


PL 


Fiir 


2 cluded with but a ſhorr Addreſs to the Jury, telling them 
f the chat Preſumprions muſt proceed from precedent, or ſub- 
1 ſequent Facts: that he had ſpent 40000 Crowns againſt 
riend; the Spaniard : that he had nor purchas d 40 Pounds a 

Lear, and if he had died in Guiana, he had not left 300 


Marks a Year to his Wife and Son: that if they would 
205 be contented on Preſumprions delivered, to be ſlaughter d, 

„to have their Wives and Children turned into the Streets 
to beg their Bread, if they would be contented to be ſo 
judged, to judge ſo of him. 


” a+ Cz © 
$ © %* 


The Jury however brought him in Guilty, and Sen- 
dence of Death was paſt upon him; but he was left to 
his Majeſty's Mercy, and remanded back to the Tower, 
where he remain d a Priſoner above 12 Years, but was 
permitted to enjoy that Freedom which is call'd Libera 
Cuſt odia. Whether the King ſent ſome ſecretly, (Sir An- 
t hony Welden ſays,) to Wincheſter to obſerve all Paſſages, 

upon whoſe true and faithful Relations of that Inno- 

cency of the Perſons arraign'd,. and flight Proof upon 
& which they were condemned, he would not be drawn to 
ſigu any Warrant for the Execution of Raleigh, Cobham, 
7 and Er t. | * ; 


2 


For Raleigh's Defence (ſays the ſame Author, a 
Courtier of thoſe Times ;) it was ſo brave and juſt, as 
(had he not willfully caſt himſelf, our of very wearineſs, 
as unwilling to derain the Company longer;) no Jury 

could ever have caſt him: All the Evidence broughc 
7 "mi —__— 


— SS —_— 


his Hand. That alſo berrefiigd's arrlaft Wade got à Trick 


on, bur was confident he would not to his Face accuſe 


Yielded upon the producing:Cobham's Hand, whichwas 


James for thiat ineſtimable Treaſure, ' which probably had 
mever been compil'd or tranſmitted down to us, had not 


Action and publick Employments. For during his Con- 


Probability, thar Sir Malter h. 


kpainft him wat Cobhom's Accularion; which be obly ale 
fired-might appear (viv4-woas) and he would yield wirh- 
out further Defence :; but that they knew full well-Cob. 
bam would not, nor could not abcuſe him, having: been 
tamper'd with by Wade, then Lirutehant of the Tower, 
and Sz'isbury's great Creature: Wade, defired it nnder 


by bis Cunoing, to ſurprize Cobhams Weakneſs; tb get Ip 
bim to write bis Name to a Blank, to which, to | 
veſtion, rote the Acouſatiog, as will appear hertafrer} 
Br Saliebwy, urging Raleigb often, if Cobbam had d- 
cuſed him under his Hand, would he then yield i? N.. 
leigb replied, He knew Cobham weak of judgment, am 
did not know how that weakneſs: might be urought up- 


him, and chere fore would not put his Liſe, Fortune, and 
all on That; at which-Ferice he ſtood till Nine at Night: 
at laſt his Fate carried him againſt his Reaſon, and Ke 


inſtantly pulled out, and was iu truth his Hantly: but not 
ais Act er Dl. nn wag og 


« x | 


Poſterity, in ohe Reſpect, ate bound ts thank King 


ſinement in the Tower to tranſctibe the Character anv- 
ther Author Has given it,) he was deliver d of chat great 
Miner da, the HISTORY of : the WORBD ;'# Bock, 
which for the Exactneſs of irs Chronology, Curiouſneſs . 
of its Contexture and Learning of all Sorts, ſeems to be Yr 
the Work of an ge. An Hiſtory, vchich never yer met gn 
with a Detfactor, and was the ; if ſome Authors er. 
are to be credited, of King James himſelf, ho thought Ter 
none could out-do him at the Pen. That a Man, who Y;/0 
had been the greateſt Part of his Life taken uplin Mction, 
mould write ſo judiciowſly, ſo critically of Tituars and 
Actions, is as great a Wonder as the Book itſ ef. 
Tradition has been very current, I think, on very little 
d debgnd and finiſud a Her 
Second ? 


| TW) 
TE End Part nc his Great Hitory:. Tbe Story. @ thu$; 
| Ther ſoine ew Days before he {offer'd; he [ent for the 


Bookſellet rhat had (primed! his Firg:Voturtic, 4nd taki 
vim e a Halt) dee alter Acta, an ian. 


"fbe Book Bd fold 2 To which the Bbokieller au- 
ee, ly, - chat is had undbne biin. Sit 
Kepping to this Desk, teach'd the un- 


bereupon, 

pirineed Part of his Hiſtory, which he had brought down 

bis own Times, and dappin — or his Hand on hit Breaſt, 
119, wür 1 Sigh; 1b I my Friend: bas the Firſt Part un- 
dons thte > the Sem Hurt ſhalt nome no more: This mi- 
grateful World is unworthy of u. He ſaid no more, but, 
TE teiarel ſtepping to his TG, | threw | it my" and = his 
Poor on i it [was conſum 4 101 


Fer my ib —— 1 1265 * FRO an ee of 
1 ae v Wiſdoin; to ſuppoſe he would ſo raſnily ha ve 
7600 his Execmors of ſuch 4 Treaſure; upon a -fingle 
Perſon's complaininꝶ of Lols from the ill Sale of the firſt 
Volume. Ie cem a Fable cbpy d out of anecher con- 
tering Virgil, who would have burn his reis, to 
which he had not put the laſt hand, leſt it ſhould ivive 
to the Injury of his Reputation. Frhink beides, there is 
o better way of interpreting for an Author than from 
bis owri Words; Sit Walter Rateigh, in the Concluſion 
of his Premom tion 10 Princes, ſpeaking of his Hiſtory, and 
the Method-he-had pu rſued in it, I: was for the Service, 
ſays he; of -thu# Sie Pink able Prince Henry, the-ſuccefiue 
Hope, and em of the greateſt ef the Chriſtian World, that I 
der vol this Works And it pleas 4 bim to peruſe by 
thereof, and 0 pardon what was amiſt. Ie is now le 
the World without 4 from which all tbat is — 
ted tb ie, recei vit h both Blows and Than is: For we ap- 
prove and reprebend the ſame things, &c. I 40 therefore 
Terbeaf to file n Readers gentle, courteous, and friendly, 
% to'beg their god Opinions Or promiſe a Second and 
Third Vu me ye I inten) the Firſt receive a good 
Acceptance. For that which is already done, may be thought 
enough, and too much : and let us claw the Reader with ne- 
ver "fo, many courteou: Phraſes, yer we Jhall ever be thought 
mls that write fooliſhly, * this be not a Proof * 
* 


8 * Pied + Aa 4 7 OF hy 
+ FLY * h LS 
\ - 
| 
g 
* * 


* 


* - - Sa 
dre though 10 deterinine-dhdr be was feſoly'd te publiſk 


no Seton Volume, it will yet receive 2 Conficmacion (HE, f 
fro unhe laſt Pr chat ſunts up ur Hiſtory. .. Loh, Pra ba 


Woerdas ithis, Bank, by: t Title. it hab, ealls itſelf ebe 
Firſt Part of the General Hiſtory F b World. implying. e 
Second: and Third Volunie, wbich I alſo intended: and have 
Een out, brfides meg ochtr Diſcouragements perſmading my 
Silence, it bath: pleas d God to take that glorious Prince put 


and never. enough | 
Job, Verſa eſt in Euctum Cithara mea, & 
meum in Vocem Fleũum. Jy #42 un 3% 1 
$14 591-5 :5 210998 ir. Mine: 1 err ihgracs 
But to return from this Digrefliop 10 Matters of more 
Certainty: While Sir Walter remained a Priſoner in the 
Tower (under the Jealouſie, rather, than Juſtice, of King 
games, ſays Sir Francis. Diborne, who did ſo far participaꝶ 
of the Humour of à puſillanimous Prince, as to pardon 


of the World, to whom they were diretled, wheſt unſpeakable 
me to. ſay with WY" 


any ſooner than thoſe injur'd by himſelf;) a fatal Incident, Pele 


promoted by himſelſ, and turned againſt him by bis Ene- ® 


mits,-ſeem'd to confirm- an Opinion of that Treaſon, 


which aroſe but to à bare Suſpicion befote, even with Wt 


choſe who owed him the leaſt Kindneſs, © 


Queen Anme, at that time, was ſeized with a deſpe- 
tate, and, as: ir was fear'd; incurable Diſeaſe, v 


Cauſe, and at a greater Ne#p/u# for the Cure. Sir Mal- 


"the Phyficians were at the end of their Study to find the ! 


rer, being by his long Studies an admitable Chymiſt, un- 


dertook, fays Welden, and perform d the Cure. An Ac- 


tion that might at once have wip d off all Aſperſions, ſer 


cured him a Pardon, and | reconcil'd him to the Royal 
Favour! Bur Sir alter, obſtinate to bave his wounded 7 
Honour cur'd, would receive no other Reward for this 
Service, than that her Majeſty ſhould procure certain | 


Lords to be ſent, who ſhould examine Cobham, Whether 


Fa 


Ll 


under his Hand, | | 
The King, at the Queen's Requeſt, lad. in, Juſtice be 


could do no leſs) ſends ſix Lords, of whom Salisbury was | 


he had accus d Sir Walter Raleigh of Tteaſon at any time 


one, ric 


>: TRI 8H 

Re.” to demand of cabbam, Whether he had not under 
is band àceuſed Sir Water Raleigh at. Nncheſter, upon 
tat Treaſon for which he was there arraign'd ? Cobham 
id proteſt, be never had, nor: could he: But, ſaid He, 

hel Villain Wade did often ſollicit me, and, not prevailing, 
me, by Tricky- to write my Name upon à piece of white 
per ; which I thinking nothing, did; ſo that if any Charge 
ume under my" band, it was forged by that Villain Wade, 
by writing ing above my hand, without my Conſent og 
nowledge; The Six Lords, returning to the King, made 
Falisbury their Spokeſman, who told bim, my Lord Ceb- 
had made good all that ever he wrote or laid. This 
ndeed was an equivocating Trick, for, it was true, he 
ade good whatever he wrote, but he never wrote any 
ting to accuſe Raleigh. 5 | | 

03 004238 IE0 


.*Stateſtrien, once oppos'd in the Courſe of their politik 
eldom or never forgive m_ oppoling 3. and though 

he Injury may ſleep under Smiles and Court: Beha- 
«64 ws: abr e Fire will rake irs Time to break 
wt to their Deſtruction: | Sir Halter, as Osborne tells us, 
ad formerly diſoblig d Salisbury (then Sir Nobert Cecil) 
yy Obſtructing, to the fartheſt Extent of his Power, a 
— wa „ H err with 
he SpaniſÞ Ambaſſador, was propounded at the very 
Lc le of Queen El:zabeth's Reign. "_ 


1n- Upon the King's Acceſſion, Malice was. induſtrious ra 
. Fuin Raleigh in his Opinion, and by ſupplanting, ro wor 
him up to Diſcontent. The Conſpiracy, which was laid 
yal Jon him, put on ſuch a Face, ſays Milſon, that few or none 
anded ould diſcover, or know what to make of ir. That the 
Saddy Waters were ftirr'd, was apparent, but it was 
Nich ſuch a Mixture, that little could be viſible in it. 


If we may believe Welden, Sir Walter, and moſt of 
ns Parry, «were diſcontented ro ſee that Salisbury, their 
Id Friend, ſhould trample on, negle& and contemn 
hem, who before had been his chief Supporters, and 
Feer of his Faction: But it was then believ'd an erranc 
Pick of State to overthrow ſome, and diſable others 
a | C 2 ; know. 


* . — 
* * 


cm). 


knowing their Rr0ng: Auinties might? otharwiſe 158 
overthrow Saliibu 3 Tyr. they: were 1 (4x 
ſecret Cougſels for the Ruinaſ Ae, e 
Gre), and Cobbam. Tha che latter wes: Tool, yer had, 
he been very uſeful to them, as the Tool in the 
the Workman. To have fingled ont Theſe ag 
Prieſts, who were T:raitors:.by gba. Law, had ſmelt 
rank; and appear d too and plain a Trick of Statä 3 
And Salisbury, in Thi $i Kade double 9 firſt, in 
ridding himſelf of ſuch as he feat d would have been 
Thorn in his: Side ; [ſecondiy, by indearing bimielf 0 
he King, by ſnewing his Diligence and Vigilance far 
his Safery : So that it mightit be ſaid of him us uf Cæſar in i 
another Caſe, ive n,J!) A. fuci am, I will either find out Im 
a Treaſon, or make one. Beſides, the $p4niaxe was; fh hi 
powerful at that time at Court, as That Faction could 
command the Llfe df any Man who migbe prove danke: 
us tu theit Deſigus: And it was thonght one ei the 
ateſt Malter · pieces of Gondamore to pureha ſe leigh'y | 
ead, who had done their State ſich ſingular Miſchieft NN 
and with whom (as Cate of old us d to ſay, Deltnda of | 
22 5 /. it was: u cbnſtant Maxim, T: an td 
But aber all, ſayt O ore... iotempa- 
i a Dexterity in his Judgmedt was Sir Walter, that 
the-Treaſuter-$2lizbwy;;(wbo had already, by an uni- 
verſal Compliance with. the King and his Countrymeti. 
purchas d the Monopoly of bis Favout) grew jealous of 
Kit excellent Paris a * . din nl 

Bur Rill; as ſtrong as Cen $ Odium was 00 gie Wal: 
ter, and a8 active and ſabtls an Inſtruthent as Condambre | 
was in his Maſter's Serviee; che Execution of RH 
was not ro be extorted from the King, who in many 
things, as Melden lad — by bis cimerons 
Dilpobcion, 


- Releagh, bold Mina Abenrd under. Ae Word 
than the Tediouſneſs of his Conſine ment, neglected ho 
Interceſſioss for his Inlargement. Prince Heu, while cer 
living; had been extream curious in ſearchiog out the 
Nature of his Offences : the Queen bad informet beef * 

from 


cu) 


Singing; and the Kin m 
ee his Sig in Ter was 1 2 55 1 


and they al mos d his Majeſty on His Be- 
ql e 


5 = : SE 2 


—— * 


en centzelt on a ne: = 


Nn Guia 


at Place was 


Sa :& he N 7 


. 1 In RA 3 ws had 12 
| 6 where IRnow am : or 


55 by peed x. oy thro 
me bath, 


big 
tle Joe ver s 
— 5 believ d bs 7 bo have 1 
of — e T Life, and all thae 
nig, of which, ſeſty, nor Lyfe, nor ou 2 
GOT Ie. bad remind. In this ReſpeR, Sir, T aw bo 
e ap the. ſam e Life, and all I have for bss Majeſy's 
| proces To he far the King, and nat by y the King, is 
the Abi tim 1 the Mord. 


9 
bg 


The e was lo juſt as to repreſent Sir Walter's 
 Fropokitions to the King; and the King, who; as Coke 

—— 4 bad ap 7 ſtop d bis Ears to Sir Walter's 
4 b Fiſhery upon the Coaſts 
| 1 — 1 — grigh ws mo 5 choſs 
I,48 Project; gon Raleigh as a whole 
= might better the Nation, i ved the right 


* bim Libeny. ang 4 Commiten h ” 


— — — 
- 


p „ . ts >< ares 


<q 
* ; 


IF Hi 


and. what O + Ship. catried. 


— _—_ — 


— —— 
ä 
8 


With his Fleet, departed out of the River Toames, = 


8 
e up FR 
nd Wanne Met bats cas jy 


eden 
of o venture rbeir ERtates, and Ne 
wy Being gallamly furnifh'g' A Ne 


- wy" —— 
n Top ay I 
t Y * a Ni 

p — 


20aal-2 


che ors. 28K 
yank int e e 1677, hdr ſ6t ont fot 
Fake do nap}: 1 


— Fangen Fabel ie Shale, it ems] 
agre>d' with the Treary made berween the Kin 
i the 20 xr of Reign, and the moſt renowned 
2 eines , in the firſt "Arailke, it was 
ed, that they ald uſe ohe another with all kind 
and e * and by this Treaty the Bngl;ſh were 


reſtrain d tt their Ewropeav Trade, the King of Spaih 
Being 'as feuldut of his 7 Tndier, as other —— of 


e 1 mts |. 


The Fame of Sit Walter and * pee bee ths As 
Mountains df Gold to be pour'd into the Exchequer 
by this Expedition, blaz'd it e where Abroad. | 
Fames, unwilling co difdblige his' of Hain, com- 
manded Sir Walter Raleigh o upon his Allegiance, before 
he went cut, to ſer down under his Hand the Coun- 
try, and the River, which he was to enter, che com- 
pleat Number of his Men, the Burthen of his Ships, ter, 
"This being N 
made known the Count ondamore, the Spaniſh" Am- 
baſſador here, r [ by him in Poſt-ro rhe King of Spain, 
a Diſpatch was made by that King to the Indies, and 
his Letters ſent from Madrid, before Sir Walter Raleigh, 


To this Practiſe Sir Walter wal no Stranger, 4500 yet 
Ir detert d him not from the propos d Expedition: After a 
Streſs of Weather, and Diftreſs of Sickneſs he arrives 


at Guiana, from whence, ſtill ſanguine in whar he had 
promis d from the Voyage, he writes to his Wife, and 
tells her, he hop'd to perform what they had under- 
taken, it rhe" diligent Cage” 47 2 — 

| Strength 


© 


Ker 


Tr was e be 15 5 In Us c 
el by ſome that low d him little, that he meant nothing 
ay | to go to Gwana'z bur that being once at Liberty 
$06.7 in his own, 85 þ having mage. his N 2 0 one, 
utter 7 
e his u * e bimſelf be- 
is that a Fade thither was intended, for be 120 
i Winwoed and ſeveral of the Lords, that 
f Sir Malter 


indeed to ſail to Guiana, and 
no Intent to ale u part of his Maſter's West. 14355 


vr his Fleets, he ſhould not need to ſtrengthen bim- 
IfF as he did ; for he ſhould work his Mine there * 


out Diſt I in Peace. 


N80 the Punic al length of this 1 unbappy 
Yojage, I muſt refer OE” to that excellent 
, which be bas 2 drawn up by his own Pen; 
| Pane here recount the main Actions, which were 
m- afrerwards made Ag r ro deſtroy bim. Sir Mal- 
ups, Wer, now in an. 2 d old Age, having firuggled 
rich a. long Sickneſs, and being yet unable to move 
other wiſe in a Chair, order'd Five ſmall Ships t. 
ail up the River Orienogue, under the Conduct o 
aptain Ran towards dhe Mine of which he bad in- 
Perm d Sir Malter in England. As they paſs d up the 
Liver, the Spaniards began the. War, and firet! at the 
Engliſs Ships with great and ſmall Shot: Yer ſtill they 
ed their Fortes, without much Loſs, near the Town 
al d St. Thomas, of which with little Difficulty they made 
hemſelves wag and burnt ir, but with, the Death of 
prain Raleigh, Sir Walter's Son, to the great Grief of 
* Aſſailants. The Father's Concern was, ſo vehement 
Hem thar he could williogly have died 180 


oken, 


MCLE 
Irs 


5 


— att 55 
ES the very Sony,” 
t he ball utterly raid f 


Air with che Ki "or Dat 2 err 
8 e 


eight af che Ki 1 5 Ki 
2 at 5 25 ws 7h 


with Melancholy, and ſhothimſeKf 3'bur- the Buller 800 = r 
. 2 A8 in bella t ow 1565 r bis rs 15 he bs th; 
aft, 


r a Küift in 0 

lf th Bs Glory of ge expired: F 

the e Deſign being ths Ade) ae deg theie Ship 
and the Men m 5 


Bab, 'Provifiods failin 25 
den Showers they ec, ſeveral of thetm R 
Et; Per! bln 1 5 Ln 8 


9 fnctiny, lone woul 
Parr fore d Sir Malter to nf 
Pur, their Allowance. Then ſhun "os by for 5 75 Hel 2 
ſome for France, and 4. ff ber Bog 5 
Spaniſh iſo Power there ea ian they did in he ele man, 
and rhys being in” Jag area. wir tester 

Storms than Seas and bad pre ncd, Sit 

Walter at than the See with Four Ships zt Ng ſale in 
Teland, where he Maid fot ſome mort Space in Lafery. 


The News of raking and! butnivg Fe Boner ei OY. 
Ke to Gondamore, he 'befieges, and as' it wete affablt 


Fames with alas for Reparation, For H. | 
war Mer {(ays Wilſon not only of or nay 
ofio 


bis; Gf 


bod Ari has, 1 
ei og bei aac? 
n ; and 15 — warty 
101 orgs * the Boldpeſs to A. 


Ka Wa 
* This gave | emis (fc Sites 15 bie 
mt on = Io only to get Sir Walter ya home, aftet Da 
ſu vented little Paſſion, but ſa cy 4 f. bebe. 
bs Malice, 1 when Raleigh mug 
ach, great Diff Ge 1 | 
| — flying. th Wings Rumour, bu 
; and in E So the Men, not le to be . 
0 A: their own Lahe ſome of few had aa 
abuſe BS, (th a. as uh... dn: 
_ Raleigh was no Lon gee bi ke had OY Intk⸗ 
marion which gave him cauſe to ſuſpect, the ſmoothneſs 
f this Beginning would have a rough End ; n 
e arempred an Eſcape from thence in a Bark to Roch?! 
ip 8 Dar being. ay ks ed 2 Sir Lewis Stukely, his Kinf- 
lies man, . and Er N to thar 
ene and ſe ryile is the Spirit, when it 
= gy an x alay of bels. he WW to London, and 
committed to che Tawer, | 
was ng. ſooner. in the Tower, but all Bis Tranſ⸗ 
; actions in this Bufineſs ſs are put to the Rack, and tenter d 
bis Adverſaries They ſay. .nOW. he knew of no 
ine, nor did Xl know that the Mine he aim'd at 
was Gold: bas Ke bringir him a Piece of Ore into 
ne ke Tower, ba he. 855 da 7 of Gold i into it in diſſol- 
Ving, 


an Amba w 
ern 


ntry n., 
were | 15 his Th n- 


1 N ro diſturb his 


* Yi ons, "and after to appeale "Mme. facetio! 
2 rollery, before he imbacked Finde n in what be Renk 
19 1 11 e N ko : 


Tis 


ET 

: 8 1 8 
re Mags | 

e chem up io ſum, 1 5 
> Prince of Wales and the 3 


2 


„e 1 * dev Ae! — by the Duke of Ler- 
ha Abroad, 21 25 here at Home”; 


0 wrought Pa by by Stclay into the Kings good 
fections, that he did not only work bis bwn Will, but 

| | fo Kitig's into a Belief thar the Treaties in Agitation for 
What WN r flowly proſtcured, real and ef- 
*Ctual.”” The Spanierd made fhew, that, on their Part, 
. Heaven'was more deſired than this AJh- 
e ; und the King of ns that bis 
* feaſure ſhouts de gather d together for the Iuſanea s 
| Fe , being no leſs than a Ailibnt. It this March 
dei were 2" goon, and Amiry with che d to be 
— 7 ů —— 
|  Oppotri rouſly to dema ad of Ra- 
b for a — by view on His Maſters Indies: 
ad of mot Weigbe to our Cont, ys 0:berne, (el - 
een dar Dearch of Wiidoar then raging)! = 22 


(55; 


laufs Galt be. Bat gake foolifh 10th hes wan 
ro. [ocrifice the choiteſt their Childten.rs the” 05 the 
mien Enemy of Humanity ; fo dur Kin ve up rhis 
orfiparable 51.0 ro "Will of this; in Amd 
| 903 0 under thg Pretence gf A ſup — 
foo Men, who the Opinion JT hotieſt — | 
own-Men, who maintained, rhat big ſty's Par 
Joclubvely in the Comm; whe” < Lin hi 
fn 6yr'ro 11 It Fon he 1 


Mal I 4 , . 
? 9 4 2 My is own 


L. 92 75 E — 1 
b, tho confitied' wich OY Scherl e 
Was Raſh, 'bo 


9.85 ely kits Life was pu = 
ow, little Ex dons be' Want ar #5 of N 
onfider'd, however, that NS 
icht d. Uh ro bie Chary Te et 
on de f Naeh ae a TIED 

oya miſcarrigd 
2 Morefohe, 1985 Wert Lettet of Apologt 
which he got convey Nhe King's own" Hands. 


me M94 Heat vo 5 voſt "Excellbne MA (YESTY, \ 


JE, in my | Jonenwy: .ourtiedi boned, 1 had my 
1 Warder dine Iſlands, and yer ſpard — Ref 
800; uf / did diſcharge: ſome Spaniſp Barks taken, 
hs ©Spoil-;'if 1 forbore alliparts . the n. In$. x 
ts dies; ' wherein -I: might have taken, twenry of , Then 
,*.'Towns on the Sea:Coalts, and.did-only-follow the: Boi 
* cerprizen Irundertook for Guiana, where, without an: 
< Directibat from ne aSpiſbVilage was burnt, whici 
wa ſet up Wie af the Mines by 'your. Ma 
4 jelty:s Fauour, I find no) Reaſon -why the SA Am F * 
n baſſador ſubuldꝭ complain of me. If ir were awful fa 
:* they Span:arde20vumthler 26. EAN e, tying ſhes doe 
0 Teck un Banter and then cutting «heir: Throat wh 
t they bad ttadedi withithem a whale: Month, and cam 
to chech om the Rand withour ſo much at dne Sn 
of \ iy meyu non die lu ful co ht Mast * al 
une 1 


_tH) 
- being charg'd hem, io_repell Fore 
Fn Oe 039 


f Pate hd Merbein rook Camipedeby and other PI 
it ae FA Aeated in the Heart of the Span 
$, at kiltd the Spanigrds, and ha 
52 at their Return; Al my ſelf for- 
"mr 4701, becauſe 1 would not offend, 
I miſerable Sir Walter Raleigh ! | 

"4 «if 155 5 1 boot Etats, loft my Son, ſuffer 

'by Sickneſs, and otherwiſe, . a world of Miſeries ; if 
5 reliſted; with manifeſt * of my Life, the 
Robberie 48 Spoils, wir which my C0 21 

Would bave made * rich ; if, ow 

could have made my ſelf rich ; when J had ger —4— 
1 Libercy, which all Men, 421 Nature it ſelf do 
"much prize, I voluntarily loſt it; if, ben I was ſure 
"of my Life, 1 nder dit again; if Im raght elſewhere have 
ſold my Ship and Goods, and pur five or fix thouſand 
unds in my Purſe, and yet b t. her into England; 
1 beſeech your Maſeſty to believe that all This have 
done, becauſe it ſhould nor be ſaid to your Majefty, 
that your. Majeſty had given Liberty and Truft to a 
Man, whoſe End 55 bel Recovery of his n 
4 2 «io had betrayd your Majeſty's Truft. 


u Mutineers told me, TharifT return d for England, 
mcd be undope; but I believd in your Mike's 
'Y* Goodneſs more than in all their Arguments. Sure I 
'am the firſt 'thar, being free — _ to inrich wy ſelf, 


. 


. BEOS 


* 
Bo 
%% 


wg ID liaye embraced. Poverty And as ſure 
Which am, tat my EAum e 1 Bur 
115 your Majefty' $. Wiſdom and Goodneſs I have made my 
0 þ N * have ever been, and ſhall ever be, 
1G = WR » TONS. 
| , 454 4 * DOA 

nigh} $41 35g 1 Water Raleigh. 

1 I rune 


Vs 


TT. 


F m / FE * f 
17 asd, 
an 


Ro ng 12 en Ben 


ce fe 
1 Ga 


. 


e tha "I ET gr 


0 5 
oa Shy Fi Ly 
« dg 11 5 1 * | 


— 19 0 i DES "way 0 


* . to fol the _Procedi ** 
bus rh FE er 2 


a 5 755 120 N 
bent bo W SP wht: 1 
2 ay 1 8 ploy 5 rein Lex ln V | 


ve him a new Vigour 
S T 
l 


Service. The * Chief. uſtice re- 

deceiv d; and that the Opinion of! 
the Court was to the Comrary. * 
42:17 #54 | | 


(G89) 
Fine iriiphit be Mö dved bim £6 15 
Fit bens“ . fat tie 


was h Morning ; og a yas. = 


e 15 


e ck 
. e eee 
| 1 e roo die: 151 


me 5 nh Lats 
e Ghar: ons 8 
15 Mes and ' khowing 17 771 10 b in 
A wt de A -atquiel&d, 
as ho 2 505 . 'd wv the” Cake. bol, in 
ns 0 the Ola 235 u the Morn: 
uch 4 render Conckru for the Afffickie 
on his Hearr to the lat, 5 bh 
a 10 ſilent Night, e had qui 
ird biff from the Affairs of the ola * rok 
ee er or in the following Epi 2 


E we Kitt s. Let to 1 n u ; 
Lenden a 


2 on, 
Ye 01 U gan receive (wy Dear wit) ay 148 Wake; 
inſcheſe my laſt Lines; my Love I fend you, 
F char you may kes when I im Dead, And my Counfel, 
ve that you may, remember ir when I am no more. I 
| r not with my Will preſent yu Sortows (Dear 
4 — 9 them 7 o to * Grave with me, and be buried 
f nd ſeeing that it is not the dy — 
il Gat 1 Mall ſee 5 any more, bear f AY 
: LG and with a Hear like your If. 


— — — - - 


Tate 


' * 
- 


1 


God Bod ha orld, and you from 
me e poor Child for his Father z Sake, 
bb ove you in his happfeſt Eſtate, I fued for my 
Life, — (God knows) «it was for you, and: yqurs, that 
I defjr'd 1 know ie (wy | Dear Wife) your Child 
is che die trüe auh who in his Gun reſpect 
d Ah and his qmithapen and ugly Forms. [ 
tatmot Wer much; God knows bow hardly I ſteal 
tie 6 when all lle und; it is alſo time ſor me to 
ſeparate my Thotights from che World. Beg my dead 
Body; which Hing wa denied you; ant either lay it 
in Sberbogwn or in Exeter Church by my | =" Eder? 
Mother, I. — 4 ns more, Time, and Death, calleth 
verlaſting God, powerful, infirtie, 

far? b2 iy God 6d ee e Goodnels it ſelf, 
che true Eight and Life, keep you and yours and have 
upon me, and forgive my Perſecutocs and falſe 


A nd ſend us ro meer in 2 Glorious Ring- 
oy "hy Deg Wit, Farewel ; Bleſs my 3 Fray 
e e an) + 0: n, ol i 


my true Cod hold you err his 
1967 3&1; * eV Tours ther was, bur. 


„ 4 02 wth 1 ** | | . 
- 45 ede 21 ms N 


God id 


5 J 281 in 7; 1 Now not * — * 
ö c E 5 
0 ag I modo. 20821 "I. 
+ Ft 0 £0 10.3 + „ | non Wakes Raleigh 


! oof It A YL 59 g 
ve lee 

"ThE den _ by 5 Ninn the Morning, — 
oncern of many 2 Perſons, being in the 66th 
ear of bis Age, he was brought to rhe Scaffold pur- 
olely erecked ö in the Palare Tard in Weſtminſter 5 where, 
ith 4 chearful ſwiling Countenance ſaluting the Lords, 
id Gentlemen, and others of his Acquaintance there 

ir, after Proclamation of Silence made, he addreſſed 
onſet 1 to them in the following n manner. 


* 1 Thank 


{#94 147! Tv * wes 
. 1 


* . — 
* have-toffered A great 


- * 
e in 
PE 4 
. .x o 
1441 = * 


* 47 i 


— e 
ente Vat V. fl. _ ) 65 *. A rat 20 N Mned . mn; | 
533 * 30017 | 
28 . ws, ths bl 
* Majelty hach be de l 120 Mo 
© Majeſty cannot be fu fed wit vow 1 
reſdlve you of. 1 ra 1 970) n = — (are! wp | 


ds 7 (1 1950007 1205 

7 oy 

have ball E wich Franc 8 88 

ſome Reaſon to induce R alon. tha 

, * his Majeſty had to codjecuty ſo, w * when 
© came back from Guiana, being come to Plymoutt 

I endeavoured to go to Roche; which' was becaule | 
© would have fain made my Peace before I came to Eng 
u. Anbilitr Reaſon was, that, upon my Flight, | 


did intend to fly to France for ſaving of my Life, having 
© had ſome Terrour from above. A third Reaſon, w 
<- the French Agent Common om te and i yrred 
5 thar! bad Commiſſion King 8 02 
36003 * e 5 
. But this. 1 lay, foraMan.rocall Liege 
to a Fa at any deze ih, 
$ 1 we hope for ar. the Th 2 1 15 
N — 0 piirnels 
time o „is. far more grievous and 
© there is no Hope for ſuch an one. And 1 85 
J expect, that am now going to render an Account ol 
© my Hith ? I do therefage call the Lord to witneſs, 
© I hope to be ſaved, and as I hope to ſee him w_ 
King 


Free hop > W 1851 within this Quarter of 
7 Commillion: from the 
. French Agent, no 
King neither knew I 8 
= page de was, Jeabl 'Fmet 


ging unlook'd' for. If ES 
1 me ray en iar thy Kibg- 


q 
f 


. Majeſty bark 

N as thir ? nl ſoak Jiſhonourable, and 
55 of · bim; r Y- wy an ry ahSrmaer en 
4 Chymi Fellow, one whom I knew 

ro be perfidions ; ; for being drawn into this Actiqm at 
Gp in which my Hand was touch'd, and he 
bei : eee revealed ir the vert 
as tiny * 1 "oft 


* But this 1 ſpeak 1 now, 3 have I to a withKing > 

I have nothing xo do with them, neither do I fear 

them t T have no 4 with God, therefore to tell 

a5 £4 Hog Tent to get the Favour of the King, were in vain: 
never jo 


us T hope to be ſaved at the laſt Day, I 
8 70 e . IN difloyally, or oro an} 


1 ro this Frenchman, nor to an 
ae; 5 Lever, in all my Life, a'Thoug 
Fof bis ; Majeſty. Therefore 4 cannor bur think 

„ r firange, chat this Frenchmen; being ſo baſe, ſo mean 
. F Fellow, ſhould be ſo far n and ſo much for 

W this Point. I have dealt truly, and hope I ſhall be be- 

eperieclieved : 1 confels, I did attempt to eſcape; and I did 

_— difſerbſe and — 75 my ſelf fick ar $alizbury, but I hope 

:c> { Wit was no Sin. The Prophet David did make himſelf 
Fool, arid did ſuffer Spirtle to fall upon his Beard, to 

p AWW elcape che Hands f bis Enemies, and it was not im- 

puted to him as Sin; and I did it to prolong time till 

wwe | ly Mar Maje n boping for ſome Commiſeration 


. borgire this Na and Sir Lewis | Ceo and 
have receiyed the $qeramens this nas Mr. _—_ 


5 
1117 02 7 717 8 


e as .chis. 
ry. v0; 
ak [x bm: 5 4855, 


may take gdod. Hegd. | 
95 Kiaſman and — 1 „ 10 
© him; that 1 ſhould dell kf 4 IC 
* Doicefizr oof my preſent. Elca prorelt, re 


© God, I never told. Steukly any pe by thing. . 
* I rel] my Lord Carew, or my Lord Doncaſter, 

pꝑtetended Eſcape . It. was not. likely char Ie 

* quaiot two Privy Coun lors; of my | 5; neir 

* would I tell him, 3 me 6, 77 De 5 y 
a to n BY while: none ©: 1 
82 8 it n Ev Toh : *woibi 
= 21302 #28 img"! 

- 8 accuſed me: _ 1 Gd al 80 

my Lord Carew, and my Lord Doncaſter. "rom 

meet me in bare. which was never Ee ot 
: EN pg Weg;? 2 Won 185 7 147 22•˙2 * 


* Thirdly, be zccyſed.n me, er Thow'd him. 1e | 
that meuld give him la Pounds for my Eſcape I 
4 2— caſt my ute into everlaſting} Fire, if I ever mad 
* him affer of 100 Pounds, or 1000, Pounds, bu 
* meeriy I ſhew'd him à Lene, that if he: «would g 
* with me, bis Debts ſuquld be paid when he was gone 
© neither had I eo Pounds; for if I had: ſo much, 
I could. have done better with it, 1 e my Pea 
: ctherways. is ; 059 5 ui. , WO 


: Fourthly, "When I came to Sir Eduard Pelham, wi 

© had been ſomerimes a Follower of. mine; who. gave m 

© good Entertainmeht; be gave out, that I had receive 

© (ome Dram of Poiſgh.,it. Sir Edward Pelbam s ona | 

* when I anſwered, I I feared no ſuch thing, or I wal 
. well aſſured of them · in the Houſe. Now ebe 
ly him, for I dp, and I defire God to FA: un} Gang ; T wi 
not only ſay God is the God of Revenge; bur! 10 | 

God to forgive him, 5 I N to be np 


ac 


07 


A 


« Well, bus far "WR I gone ; now a | lirtle more, ar and 
£.1 will have done by and by. F 
5 


n ns; 


b. 
Fug 
2k 5 5 I wits Jeate 


| me: 50505 the common Soldiers, 

were. 1 10. pod, and ſerif for 1 to come 

2 0 them, 8. K. that time they 

0 TT [en and there was I forc'd to take 

| bar Ons rho) Exgland till they, 
ve . ee 


woöuld N calt me into the 
Sea, 45 the entred m 
5 15 9 ger e 
taken this with Wine, and other nds, 1 I drew, 
the chiefeft of chem to deſiſt, and at length I perſwaded 
o into. Ireland ; then would they have gone 
into dne cb Neeb Pale of Ireland : But at laft, with much 
ado, I perlwaded thein to go into the South Parts; pro- 
| 92 their Pardons, but was forced to give 
j Poupds at Kingſale to bring them H ret 


1 [ hag. never Bot! rom them. 


1 Tbere w ere was a Report chat I meant not to goto Cui 
ana at all, and that I knew not of any FJ nor in- 
rended any ſuch Matter, but only to ger my Liberty, 
bich I had not the Wit to keep. But it was my full 
= to go for Gold, for the Benefit of his Majeſty, 
ad Engl Es DS "with me, with the reſt of my 
ut he that knew the Head of the Mine 
Country — icover i it, when he ſaw that my Son was 
ſlain, but made himſelf away. My Lord Arundel, 
in the Gallery in my Ship at my Departure, your 
Honour took mie by the Hand, and ſaid, you would re- 
queſt, me one thing, which was, thar, Whether I.made 
a good Voyage or Bad, yet I ſhould return again into 
Engtand ; when I made you a Promiſe, and gave you 
my Faith that I would. Another Opinion was, that 
I carried to Sea with me 16000 Pieces, and that was all 
the Voyage I intended, only to get Money into my 
bands, and that I bad weighed my Voyage before: 
Whereas I proteſt I had bur 100 Pounds i in here 
| reo 


(83 


whereof f gave 25 Pounds to my Wife. The Reaſai 


ET 


, n 


1555 of \ 
e ane 


it as : 11 are 
8 of T Ted 1 8 1 000 
el Teas er li. e ware 13 — Io 
7 0 
2 trary 40 Pep bee of Big Death: * Þ was a all 
the w A I 


b 5 0 rd r'en en 
| But! mz ts 1 as not 
* for T da dehire. Carport 
e 1 Tete b N ava 
bead ae hy I; for t wis the worſe for — 0h 

© proved, for Wer he TP your, I way lire 


* loved. * 


* T.copld 


— 181 "? a * * . 


And now. 11 intreat yon 0 to with me in 
l * Prayer, that che Great God of 11 jw whom ho 
* griviguſly offended, being. 4 Man fu full of all 

And have lived à ſinful Life; in all ſinful ings 1 

* ving been a Soldier, a Captain, a 8 A 
Courtier, which are all Places of Wickedneſs 15 Vier 
; God (I ſay) would fog orgive me, and Caft a 

; my Sins from . * Fa be would receive me in 
——--- *, «1 A TY 28 17 


thi we . 4 


41204 * 3 n 


> ode . 6 
b: Saying — im, My L 
' zur off ae an et, and call d to he Headſ- 
G nan ro ſhew hitn which being not preſghtly 
in new him, 1 picky ot ſee it, he, Deſt bon 
chi eK char * 5 i it — ght to him, 
e ſelt along u 1 0 7 ang turning to the 
heriff, laid 8 r Medicingy but 
is 4 — or M Roaſeh 


He then diſpoſed hi ſelf for the Block, "of afrer 2 
fice _ "rant 2 a « Sign iven, at two Blows his Head 

Body, and ſuch a large Effu- 
* d — from his Veins, that it was 
njectur'd he might by the e of Naitre have 
as alli ived many Tears. of 


This inp eve faralÞ 
b, 0 
| perm, Fo 


1 tate Grear Sir Walter Re- 
avone- with Queen Elizabeth, 
* Scgurge and Terror of the 
pani ardi. .of e Brewery, and ad- 
irable _ „ 9 25 Writings — 
obly Hors vine Providence an 
engeancs hi the Falls of Gree * * after all could 
ot eſcape 48 


(oY 
His Death 28 with ſs high — religious 
Reſolution, as ff & Mn had ated a Chriſtian, or 
ther a Chriſtian a N So chat amongſt the Number 


” 


e; ho contributed to the kruction of the Earl of Eſſex, 
wayne bur he dyed pitied. | 
e into 
 gyer; King James, finding that his Subjects proſecuted his 


eath with ſuch Reſentment, and his Memory oo 


? n 

1 ”m— 43 and gien 2 ay 
1 9 oH Fr Coe W d n und 299, e vor 
1 1 Das n 0 
__ or or agy 
WI tui Je 
N 15 Wan 
7 Mol 395 — 
| i Ert nz 
$3201 8 484 


8 | WF, 121 1 


ay 8 L* ror 
Wl oo r ict tort dt bn 
| 7 455 * * 1 2 * "t 4 203 nt 


g 1 F of 
ved 9 hug: lo- digits 9 4 e Dini 
1 7 Pts: 3 ban evi 


- 
_ 1 : + 
. 4 


2 W oh; 
T7 25 * Jn 


£ * 
4 4 » 18) © > 4 14 4 5 
W . 7 4 
a * ; 3 7 8 bia * 
d nue 
, o 
2 — = = 
= - *. _ 1 
uc 
. I 4010 3 
4 
; ö Mee Nec“ | . 
44 - L3® If Fi — * 7 2 * "Oy 4%) 5 196 
1 0 81 a einc off 
- * — . * : 
— Bak > * 1 ' * 4 
* 2 1 9 © — 37 4 IJ! * 
* * 
2 ® 8 — * . „ * 
;, ? | 
e * a 9 « \ 
= 4 
$ 2 "Wa. 
i | $064 Y * % * wy A A. 
121 


