icnare Lane eee 
ves ae a 


Gaye ; e 2 te 
ore Weer . j : OP as yi ye te 
He eRe ey wy iene : , ‘ < a ; : : : * 
See, ae 5 ; Tat : 7 : bigs tebe 
je . , . y “hehe 


Ts yee 
np ary 
BY 


. vu 

” pe pA . oP p Vice: 

‘ah p ; . F fe \ Pi ‘ sa 
age’ AS : ‘ b ' 


cor 
hh ee 
ak ee 


or ea 
Ce ears 


—- = =e 


C9 9 Ke 
EDS SHEN ol 
a5 % 


i be Pg 
5 tee 4 5 
eurhees © Mea ya niet 


ey 


tek t ax Gig et 
> . e- Nore »- J ; ce) 

he ee eh ee hee | 
Sire ae" im Ye ss 
since 


yo aesers * 
‘ me © hans 


si DA 


x 


: Nae 
we “ 


\ . 


CORRESPONDENCE | 


O 


ANDREW JACKSON 


EDITED BY 
JOHN SPENCER BASSETT, PH.D. 


Professor of American History on the 
Sydenham Clark Parsons Foundation, Smith College 


VOLUME Ill 
1820-1828 


WASHINGTON, D.C. 
PUBLISHED BY THE CARNEGIE INSTITUTION OF WASHINGTON 
1928 


KRAUS REPRINT CO. 
New York 
1969 


L.C. Catalog Card Number 26-7292. 


CARNEGIE INSTITUTION OF WASHINGTON 
PUBLICATION NO. 371, VOL. III 


PAPERS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF HISTORIGAL RESEARCH 
J. FRANKLIN JAMESON, EDITOR 


KRAUS REPRINT CO. 


A USS. Division of Kraus-Thomson Organization Limited 


Printed in U.S.A. 


PREFACE. 


The years 1820 to 1828 in Jackson’s career were those in which he 
dropped the character of military man and became a dominating figure 
in national politics. The story of this change is like the story of a simi- 
lar transition in many another man who has risen to the presidency in 
the United States. A group of his friends came to the conclusion that 
he was available as a candidate, put him forward in a carefully prepared 
manner suitable to the political practices of the day, met a favorable pub- 
lic response to their suggestions, overcame his announced reluctance to 
run for office, and in the end discovered that he was as eager as they for 
the success of their scheme. In the development of this phase of his life 
Jackson’s nature underwent an unexpected evolution. From a rash, out- 
spoken, and unrestrained leader of the army he changed into a cautious 
and able political strategist. 

His retirement from the army, it seems, was not due to any political 
aspirations. He began to talk about it soon after he had completed his 
Seminole campaign in 1818, but his intention was postponed because of 
the attack made on him by Clay and his friends for his conduct in that 
campaign, and it was not like him to retire while under fire. When that 
affair had been disposed of he returned to his announced purpose, but 
again he deferred action because Spain hesitated to complete the Florida 
treaty. For a time it was feared that her reluctance to sign this treaty 
might lead to armed intervention in Florida, and if such a course had 
been adopted by the government it would have been necessary to have 
some such active leader as Jackson to conduct the intervention. Fortu- 
nately all these fears proved groundless. Early in 1821 the treaty was 
ratified and nothing remained but to raise the American flag over the 
newly acquired territory. President Monroe decided that Jackson was 
the man to inaugurate the new government in Florida and urged him to 
become governor of that territory, a request to which Jackson yielded 
with apparent reluctance, resigning his military office as he took the new 
position. 

Did he then have a political career in view? No words of his have been 
preserved indicating any such purpose, although their absence is not clear 
evidence that he had not such object in mind. It was quite in keeping 
with the ideals of the time for a citizen soldier, once his military tasks 
were done, to seek the quiet of his farm and live the remainder of life 
in dignified comfort. Such had been the idea of Washington after the 
War of the Revolution; and Jackson and his political supporters of this 
period, if political ends had been in view, could well have reflected that 
he would have a better opportunity to win the presidency if he approached 


iii 


905,65 
ST. MARY' tdevstty LIBRARY 


SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS 


iv Preface 


it from private than from military life. Designed or not as a political 
move, it was a step wisely taken. tty 

Jackson’s political popularity, like Washington’s, rested on his military 
renown, which had the initial advantage of placing him in a clear light 
before the people. He was known from one end of the country to the 
other, not only for having beaten Pakenham, but for having given the 
Spaniards in Florida the kind of treatment that the average man thought 
eminently proper for the occasion. When his active military life began 
with the Creek campaign in 1813 Jackson was politically unpopular in 
Tennessee. His early career in Congress had not been distinguished, and 
the quarrels he had had with prominent Tennesseeans had arrayed against 
him powerful factions in the dominant party. Even he recognized that 
his political availability was reduced, if not destroyed. Out of this status 
he was rescued by his great victory at New Orleans. He suddenly found 
himself a hero in his own home and in other parts of the country. 

At the same time reports of his sturdy character had gone throughout 
the nation. He was known as a man of direct action, who did not hesi- 
tate to cut the meshes of red tape, who had no patience with the tricks of 
the politicians, and who was too honest and candid to deceive the people. 
He was esteemed a man of the people, and in a country which had fallen 
into the hands of crusty and somewhat aristocratic office-holders it was 
thought by many that he, of all who were spoken of as candidates, was 
most likely to bring political life back to the democratic simplicity of the 
days of Jefferson. To the quality of military hero he added that of demo- 
cratic hero. Men who did not ask for much in the way of political experi- 
ence were satisfied with these qualifications. 

Jackson’s experience as governor of Florida did not furnish grounds 
for the hope that he would make a good President of the United States. 
His rash conduct in that office might have made the thoughtful shake their 
heads. Callava, the Spanish governor of the province, did not give up 
his authority gracefully. His conduct was no doubt provoking; but Jack- 
son had not done well to allow himself to be provoked. He had scolded 
where he might well have used patience. At the last he had thrown the 
Spaniard into the common jail and finally hustled him off to Havana in a 
state which Spain considered as an insult to her dignity. To the Ameri- 
can people at large his action did not seem so bad, and even John Quincy 
Adams, Monroe’s Secretary of State, had defended it in his letters to the 
Spanish government as justified by the conduct of the Spanish governor. 
But it was questionable action in a United States officer, and it gave 
Jackson’s opponents ground for pronouncing him unfit for the high office 
of the presidency. Talk as these opponents might, his friends stood by 


him; and it was on their solid approval that his candidacy in the election 
of 1824 was made to rest. 


Preface Vv 


In this contest Jackson had for opponents John Quincy Adams, Henry 
Clay, William H. Crawford, and John C. Calhoun. All of them were men 
of political experience, and any one of them might have been regarded 
as better qualified for office than Jackson, whom the party leaders looked 
upon as a mere backwoodsman. The strength of each of these recognized 
aspirants for the presidency was derived, in the first place, from the 
friends he had made in Washington, representatives and senators, who in 
turn used their influence in gathering supporters for him in their respec- 
tive states. This condition of affairs could not have existed if politics at 
that time had not been so decidedly a thing of personal friendships. The 
voters as a mass were not deeply aroused on public matters and permitted 
the leaders to do as they chose about setting up the candidates upon whom 
the voters should pass judgment at the polls. 

Jackson’s candidacy was, at bottom, an attack on this state of popular 
indifference. Supported at first because he had captured the popular 
imagination by his military achievements, he became in the course of the 
twelve years between 1824 and 1836 a cause in himself. That is, his suc- 
cess came to be regarded as the embodiment of principles, which his 
successors were expected to represent. In thus shifting the party basis 
from personal liking to accepted principles the political party attained 
vastly more organic life than it had known since the campaign of 1800. 

The hold of the politicians on the party had been exercised by means of 
the caucus in which all the Republicans in the two houses of Congress 
were entitled to sit. In 1824 Crawford had the largest strength in this 
body, and all the other candidates began to talk against a choice by cau- 
cus as too aristocratic and as giving members of Congress too much 
power in the choice of the Executive. Thus they succeeded in killing the 
caucus, which was, in fact, an outworn institution. The Jackson men 
took their part in this process. To gain support for their candidate they 
used whatever other means seemed advisable. In some states they relied 
on resolutions by the legislature, in others they appealed to prominent men 
in the party, in North Carolina they took advantage of that state’s revolt 
against following longer in the wake of Virginia, and in Pennsylvania 
they seized upon Jackson’s great popular strength and appealed to the 
people over the heads of the politicians, action so characteristic of the 
Jackson movement then beginning that it deserves special consideration. 

The Pennsylvania leaders were in general for Calhoun, who had won 
their favor by advocating liberal federal aid to roads and canals, known 
as the policy of internal improvements. Pennsylvania was for this policy, 
partly because the network of proposed canals and roads concentrated in 
Philadelphia with resulting benefits to her trade, and partly because an 
influential group of contractors and bankers in that city expected to derive 
profits from constructing such enterprises. When the campaign was 
about to open, Calhoun, proceeding under the old plan, felt sure of Penn- 


vi Preface 


sylvania. Then the Jackson group attacked the situation there. They 
called mass-meetings, made speeches, and asked for popular votes on the 
various candidacies. These votes were overwhelmingly in favor of the 
candidate from Tennessee. This process is well described in a letter from 
Edward Patchell, of Pittsburgh, to Jackson, dated August 7, 1824, and 
reproduced in this volume. What happened in Pittsburgh happened 
with some variations in other Pennsylvania towns. From that time to 
the end of his life Jackson wielded a strong influence on Pennsylvania 
voters. The loss of this important state showed Calhoun how futile were 
his hopes in 1824, and he was content to give up his aspiration for the 
presidency at that time, taking a surer chance at the vice-presidency with 
the support of the Jackson men. 

Unfortunately for Jackson, in a considerable number of other states 
he could not repeat this process. In most of them the old process held 
good: that is, the influence of the leaders, the members of Congress at 
the centre, was too well established in political practice to be overthrown. 
Jackson was not the man to win support in the group of leaders that he 
met in Washington. Besides, these leaders were already pledged to one 
of the other candidates; and in the states where these leaders controlled 
he had to struggle for such votes as he got, and in such cases his success 
was only moderate. All but the Crawford men were against the caucus, 
for the simple reason that Crawford had the majority in it. By refusing 
to attend its meeting they made its vote for Crawford appear as a mere 
thing of faction, whose influence on public opinion was without weight 
or significance in the contest. 

In the existing Tennessee politics party lines were not well defined in 
1824. The most pronounced line of cleavage was between those who 
favored and those who opposed certain plans for state relief of debtors, 
a practice that had grown up out of the confusions following the 
panic of 1819. It existed in several of the Southwestern states, and in 
Tennessee it took the form of a loan office established by the state. 
Jackson opposed the scheme and united with his neighbor Colonel Edward 
Ward in a futile petition to the legislature against it. Next year, 1821, 
Ward ran for governor against General William Carroll and Jackson 
supported him. Both candidates had opposed the loan bill. Ward was a 
rich man and proposed to cure economic ills by creating state banks, while 
Carroll, a military hero, was poor and proposed that the people should 
meet their problems by economy and the state its difficulties by retrench- 
ment. The campaign was vehement. Carroll, proclaimed as a democrat 
opposed by an aristocrat, won the prize and began a period of predomi- 
nance in state politics which lasted until 1835. During that period he was 
governor continuously except for one term, when he was out of office only 
by reason of a clause in the state constitution.” 

1 Infra, pp. 262-265. 


2 See Thomas P. Abernethy, “Andrew Jackson and the Rise of the Southwestern 
Democracy”, American Historical Review, XXXIII. 64 (Oct., 1927). 


Preface vii 


In this long contest Jackson supported Carroll’s opponents. He was 
then in a violent quarrel with Carroll, although the two men had been 
warm friends before 1816. Despite this state of affairs Jackson lost noth- 
ing in Tennessee with respect to his pretension to the presidency. Person- 
ality played the leading part in state as well as national politics. It would 
be a mistake to speak of a Jackson faction in Tennessee at that time, if 
by faction one means a body of voters held together more or less perma- 
nently, with directors other than the candidates themselves. It is evident, 
also, that many of the voters were Jackson men nationally and Carroll 
men locally, which shows how little parties had become fixed groups at 
this time. 

December 6, 1821, just as he was retiring from the governorship of 
Florida, Jackson, undecided about his own candidacy, expressed himself 
in private letters as favoring Calhoun, whom he considered the only man 
who could unite the South and the West. If Calhoun, he added, were not 
brought out, Adams was the man to be supported. As to Crawford, with 
whom he was at violent feud, he said: “ You know my opinion. I would 
support the Devil first.” After six months among his friends in Ten- 
nessee, his own indifference to becoming a candidate gave way and he 
acquiesced in their plans for bringing him forth. He declared, however, 
that he would take no steps to seek office, nor would he decline it if called 
on to assume it. July 20, 1822, the Tennessee legislature, in an informal 
sitting, unanimously passed resolutions reciting Jackson’s qualifications 
for office and commending him to the favorable consideration of the 
other states. Newspapers in various parts of the country took up the 
suggestion and the response was encouraging. With the other candidates 
in the field it was not expected that any one of them would carry the elec- 
toral college. He did, however, lead the other candidates, having 99 elec- 
toral votes to Adams’s 84, Crawford’s 41, and Clay’s 37. Calhoun had 
withdrawn from the race after losing Pennsylvania, and was elected 
Vice-President. On the strength of his lead over the other candidates 
Jackson’s friends declared him the people’s choice. 

How much of his campaign was Jackson’s and how much his friends’ 
is a debatable question. He was a man whose strong nature made it 
probable that he would become the leader in whatever enterprise he took 
part. Could he, then, have played a supine role in the campaign? Yet 
the skill with which it was conducted, and the tact displayed in a complex 
situation, would seem to show that he did not manage it. Certainly there 
was in it a spirit that is found in none of his former encounters with 
serious problems, civil or military. If all his affairs had been conducted 
with equal adroitness he would not have quarrelled with Judge Hall and 
the Louisiana legislature while in New Orleans, nor with General Adair 
about the part taken by the Kentucky militia at the famous battle of 
January 8, 1815. The same spirit would have kept him out of violent 


vill Preface 


personal disputes with Sevier, Dinsmore, Dickinson, Benton, Colonel 
John Williams, and William H. Crawford. How did it happen that a 
man who ran amuck in so many of his other affairs was carried through 
this most complicated of all without a flaw in his conduct of it? 

Perhaps we could answer the question satisfactorily if we had all his 
correspondence for the period. Three men besides Jackson knew a great 
deal about the matter. One was John Overton, long a Tennessee judge, 
said to have been the richest man in the state, a close friend of Jackson 
from early life, and a man of great wisdom in counsel. In late life he 
destroyed his correspondence, and in doing so he seems to have got and 
destroyed his letters to Jackson; for very few letters from him are 
found in the Jackson Manuscripts in the Library of Congress. Another 
was Senator John H. Eaton, whose correspondence is not known to be in 
existence. Still another was Major William B. Lewis, Jackson’s near 
neighbor, who gave himself willingly to the promotion of the general’s 
cause. Lewis left a full correspondence and it is, for the most part, in the 
possession of the New York Public Library. But it is singularly want- 
ing in information on this subject, as though it had been purged with 
the purpose of destroying evidence on the point in question. 

In the Jackson Manuscripts themselves are a few stray allusions to 
Jackson’s personal attitude toward the campaign, and they go to show 
that his associates were alarmed lest he burst out in anger at some of the 
tactics of his opponents and in so doing destroy the work so carefully 
done. They probably did much to show him, using such tact as they could 
lest they offend him, that he would damage his own cause if he gave way 
to some outburst of feeling. His letters show that he was keenly aware 
that his opponents said that his temper made him unfit for the presidency. 
He thought the charge absurd, and malicious to boot; and having estab- 
lished this idea in his mind, it was not likely that he would rashly give 
his opponents confirmation of their charges by an outburst under their 
very eyes. 

In fact, he did the opposite. He made up some of his longstanding 
quarrels. “It will afford you great pleasure I know’, wrote Senator 
Eaton to Mrs. Jackson, “to be informed that all his old quarrels have 
been settled. The General is at peace and friendship with genl Scott, Genl 
Cocke, Mr Clay and what you would never have expected Col. Benton: 
he is in harmony and good understanding with every body, a thing I know 
you will be happy to hear.” * To this letter from Eaton Jackson added a 
postscript in which he said: “It is a pleasing subject to me that I am 
now at peace with all the world.” When asked, however, to become recon- 
ciled to Colonel John Williams, he said he was a man of peace but he 


could not become his friend until Williams took steps asking for 
reconciliation. 


3 Infra, p. 217. 


Preface ix 


It was at this time that Jackson’s disagreement with Williams made 
Jackson United States senator much against his will. Williams, who was 
a senator, had made himself conspicuous in Washington by opposirig 
Jackson. In October, 1823, he was up for re-election, two candidates 
being out against him. Neither of the two was strong, and it seemed 
that Williams would prevail. Jackson’s followers were in dismay at pros- 
pect of success by the leader of the anti-Jackson group. It would tend to 
support Williams’s repeated declaration that Tennessee was not for Jack- 
son. In their alarm they turned to Jackson himself, bringing him out 
over his protest four days before the legislature came to vote on the 
matter. Jackson was elected by a vote of 35 to 25. He seems to have 
relished the defeat of Williams, on personal grounds and because 
Williams was out for Crawford. 

In Jackson’s letters at this time are found evidences that he sincerely 
believed that politics had fallen into the hands of demagogues, that there 
was a crying need of reform, and that the safety of the republic was 
threatened by corrupt men. It is evident that he took seriously the cant 
of the stump speakers; for he filled his letters to his intimate friends, his 
relatives, and even to his wife, with dire forebodings. He believed his 
own prophecies, perhaps an unusual thing in a politician. Jackson’s let- 
ters at this time also abounded in what were apparently sincere expres- 
sions of his preference for private life. They must have been genuine, 
for they were uttered to his most intimate friends, persons whom he 
could have no reason for deceiving. 

So far as these letters go they do not show that Jackson had a grasp 
on the situation with respect to his own campaign. Later on he showed 
more ability in this respect, but at that time his party was well organized 
and he commanded it as he had commanded his army at New Orleans, by 
issuing orders, by assaulting the enemy, and by displaying an unwaver- 
ing courage. In 1824 there was no political party worthy the name, but 
only groups following striking personalities. Jackson’s group was essen- 
tially composed of the masses, to whom he was a hero, straightforward 
and incorruptible. In the process of marshalling these supporters most 
of the work was done by a few friends. It was not in keeping with his 
ideals nor according to the standard of the times for him to promote his 
own canvass. His role was to sit still, do nothing undignified, and await 
the issue at the hands of the people. 

In the House of Representatives, where the election of a President 
went after the failure of the electoral college to show a majority for any 
one man, Clay had deciding influence. The three candidates before the 
House were Jackson, Adams, and Crawford, who were the three highest 
in the electoral college. Of these three men Crawford was admittedly 
incapacitated by illness, so the choice was, in reality, narrowed to Jackson 
and Adams. As between the two men the decision should not have been 


x Preface 


difficult. Adams was born to public life, a man of good education, and 
the possessor of years of satisfactory experience in office. Of Jackson 
none of these things could have been said. If Clay had openly expressed 
his opinion as soon as it was evident that the electoral college had failed 
to agree, he would have saved himself much trouble. He chose rather to 
embark on a course of balancing, in order, it would seem, to display him- 
self as a president-maker, keeping each side in doubt until the time for 
actual decision. But the result of this course was that he was bound to 
disappoint one side after raising its hopes, and in doing this he was sure 
to draw down on himself the wrath of the disappointed ones. 

Perhaps, also, Clay’s action was planned with his own advantage in 
view. So often had the position of Secretary of State led to the presi- 
dency that it was an accepted notion that the process might be repeated. 
Clay may well have thought that the first position in Adams’s Cabinet 
would lead to the executive office in a succeeding administration. It is 
not to be doubted that he wanted the place. Through his friends he 
sought to know, as Adams’s Diary shows, what Adams’s intentions were 
in regard to the Cabinet. He himself made two calls on Adams to talk 
with him about the matter. His friends also talked with Jackson’s friends 
on the same point. It is hardly to be believed that Clay seriously thought 
of making Jackson President; for he could hardly have worked in harness 
with the impetuous Tennesseean. Besides, it was more logical for him 
to make an alliance with the business interest of New England and the 
trading cities of the Middle States than to have formed such an alliance 
with the agricultural West and the Old Jeffersonian South. His advances 
to Jackson’s friends can better be explained on the ground that he might 
use any offer they would make as a trading point in dealing with Adams. 
In playing this game of political manipulation, instead of taking the 
straightforward course that would have left him in a position unassailable 
in future dealings with the public, he but ran true to form. His whole 
career shows that he relied on setting the stage for expected results rather 
than trusting to proceedings that were obviously simple and candid. 

Clay’s strategy worked as he wished and he got the office of Secretary 
of State. He probably foresaw the disappointment of Jackson and the 
Jackson men and thought it would soon blow over. What he could hardly 
have foreseen was the violent charges of corrupt bargaining that were 
made and the way in which they were received by the mass of people. To 
Jackson the actual appointment of Clay was evidence that the bargain 
was made and carried out. He even believed that offers had been made 
by Clay to Jackson’s friends and declined on his own part. He relied on 
Buchanan to substantiate the charge, but Buchanan failed him in the 
pinch. For all this he did not change his opinion and went about repeat- 


ing the charges in public. Clay made a public statement in denial but 
Jackson flouted it. 


Preface xi 


From Adams’s Diary we know something about the actual occurrences 
which Jackson never knew. Putting what we know in a nutshell we see 
that: (a) Clay, through his control of certain votes in the House, had the 
power to make either Jackson or Adams President and decided for 
Adams, whom he had a right to consider the best man for the post; 
(b) Adams made Clay his Secretary of State, which was a very good 
choice, as respects both ability and political availability; (c) Clay’s friend 
Letcher called on Adams and talked about Clay for “a prominent share 
in the administration ” and Adams did not repulse him; (d) Clay himself 
called on Adams by appointment and for two hours, as the Diary says, 
discussed “all the prospects and probabilities of the Presidential elec- 
tion’; (e¢) Adams in no case says what he told either Letcher or Clay; 
and (f) if Adams had said “ No” to these advances he would have put 
it down in his Diary. 

It was like the impetuous Jackson to construe the understanding which 
was evidently reached between Clay and Adams as an exemplification of 
bad politics. Nothing like it had happened before in our political his- 
tory. Our system was dedicated to the principle of government by 
the people; if two men could agree between themselves and one of 
them take the presidency and the other the first place in the Cabinet, 
what became of this sacred principle? That the thing had happened in a 
thoroughly constitutional manner and that it was in no sense a worse 
thing than the generally accepted bargain by which Monroe got the presi- 
dency in 1816 with the understanding that Crawford was to have it in 
1824, never came into his mind. Thirty-six years later Lincoln brought 
into his Cabinet the leaders of the factions that had combined to nominate 
him over Seward and nobody thought it wrong. Public opinion, which 
rallied to Jackson’s vehement protest in 1825, had materially changed by 
1861. 

Jackson’s denunciations of Clay’s conduct were made in letters to his 
friends. When asked if he was willing to have them published he readily 
assented. “ Mr Clay ”, he said, “ has used no delicacy toward me, and as 
I have never written any thing whether private or public which my heart 
and judgement did not sanction, I am not afraid of the publication of 
those remarks, or any other which I may have made.” Clay, who wel- 
comed the opportunity to place his own side of the case before the public, 
came out in a long review of the charges made against him. Jackson 
construed it as a confession of guilt. His first impulse was to reply at 
length and crush his opponent beneath a load of personalities. But reflec- 
tion, coupled with the advice of his friends, caused him to decide to take 
no notice of it. To one of his correspondents he said: “I think with you 
that he has fallen below anything but contempt, he never can rise again 
except by noticing him in such a manner, that he and his friends, can cry 


out persecution.” * 


4 Infra, pp. 281, 285. 


xii Preface 


On October 12, 1825, Jackson resigned his seat in the Senate, giving 
as his reason the action of the Tennessee legislature a few days earlier 
in renominating him for the presidency in the campaign of 1828. This 
step was wisely taken. For the next three years the Jackson party in 
Congress, reinforced by the old Crawford faction, gave itself to efforts 
to break down the political character of John Quincy Adams, and it was 
advisable that the head of the faction keep himself as clear from them 
as possible. 

One incident occurred in this period that was true to the old Jackson 
form. In a private conversation in Fredericksburg, Virginia, in 1826, 
Southard, Adams’s Secretary of the Navy, said that the defense of New 
Orleans in 1814-1815 had been defective and that Monroe, then acting 
as Secretary of War, had in reality saved the situation. When gossip 
carried this tale to Jackson, with some exaggeration, as is the custom in 
such matters, he wrote a fiery letter to Southard and sent it by the hand 
of Sam Houston, then a member of Congress from Tennessee and as 
quick by nature as Jackson himself. The secretary replied in a calm letter 
in which he assured Jackson that he had not intended to reflect on him in 
a personal way. Jackson might well have let the matter rest here, but 
such was not his way. He wrote Southard a blustering letter full of 
recriminations which the recipient had the good sense to ignore. Jack- 
son’s friends were alarmed at this outburst of feeling and did what they 
could to smooth out the controversy. It seems to have had little effect 
on the political situation. Probably the anti-Jackson men were not will- 
ing to start a broad popular attack on the New Orleans defense, which 
was the basis of Jackson’s glory and a thing which the public at large was 
not disposed to see made the basis of attack on him. 

By the end of 1826 the campaign of 1828 may be said to have fairly 
got under way. It consisted in a series of bitter and vindictive assaults 
on Jackson’s character. One incident after another in his past life was 
brought up with the purpose of showing that he was not fit for the posi- 
tion to which he aspired. His friends feared that this line of attack 
might lead him to make some unbecoming counter-attacks which would 
damage him before the'public. They pointed out to him that these attacks 
were undoubtedly made to provoke replies which could be said to confirm 
the general assertion that he was irresponsible, and such may have been 
the purpose of some who made the attacks. Jackson was persuaded by 
these arguments. He held his peace for the time but vowed that when the 
right time came he would speak and place his enemies before the public 
in such a light as would overwhelm them with shame. To meet this line 
of assault a committee of Jackson men was created with headquarters 
in Nashville. 

The most striking of these attacks was that which was made on his 
marriage, an accusation which was made public late in 1826. He was 


Preface xiii 


charged with contracting an irregular union without regard to the pro- 
prieties of decent society, and the story was so framed as to reflect as 
much on Mrs. Jackson as on him. It was such an accusation as might 
have produced the highest resentment in any person not schooled in the 
art of self-restraint, and those who knew him looked for a vehement out- 
burst in reply. Friends persuaded him, however, to leave the answer to 
the Nashville committee, with the result that the committee prepared a 
full and frank account of what had occurred, with statements from some 
of the most respectable women in and near Nashville going to show that 
those who had known him best had never held him nor Mrs. Jackson 
guilty of any impropriety in the matter. With characteristic heat Jackson 
held Clay responsible for this charge and vowed that the day of retribu- 
tion should come. There was no outward explosion, but he gave vent to 
his feelings in private and pronounced Clay “the bases[t], meanest, 
scoundrel that ever disgraced the image of his god ”’, adding, “ but anough, 
you know me, I will curb my feelings until it becomes proper to act, when 
retributive Justice will vissit him and his panders heads”’.* 

About this time rumors were spread that he was to be called on for his 
views on internal improvements and other issues then engaging public 
interest. The prospect alarmed those who were steering the campaign 
on his side of the contest. Hugh L. White, who was one of them, said 
that the reply should be that Jackson’s public utterances were enough to 
show where he stood. James K. Polk observed that such an inquiry 
should be considered as a move of the enemy, to which no hasty answer 
was to be made. Senator Eaton wrote that “to forbear all political let- 
ters, enquiries and discussions is the true policy. Be still—Be at home is 
the great and open path to tread, heedless of whatever may be said or 
done by any of the ‘ corrupt crew’”.® Robert Y. Hayne, of South Caro- 
lina, now actively enlisted in the Jackson cause, wrote to him in the same 
strain. To these, and other similar appeals, Jackson gave complaisant ear, 
and so it happened that he passed through the campaign without giving 
his opponents the satisfaction of saying that his conduct confirmed the 
charge that he was not the kind of man who should be President. 

The multiplied charges of his adversaries did not diminish as the day 
of the election approached. Jesse Benton came out with a nasty account 
of Jackson’s duels, which the Adams men referred to as Jackson’s “ youth- 
ful indiscretions ”, employing a term which had been used in the first 
place by apologists. The affair of the execution of the six militiamen in 
1814, illustrated by the coffins of the victims, was brought out in hand- 
bills to show that he was a tyrant and that faithful soldiers were his 
victims. Many other similar charges were made, and the whole mass of 
accusations was kept alive until the election was decided. The nerves of 


5 Infra, p. 325. 
6 Infra, p. 342. 


xiv Preface 


the candidate must have been near the breaking point under this anvil 
chorus of vituperation. Quivering with excitement he held his peace, 
awaiting the verdict of the ballots. 

It was one of the several unexpected features of this campaign that 
Adams was severely accused of abusing the patronage to keep himself 
in office. Of no President that we have had could such a charge have 
been made with less appearance of truth. Adams was crusty, remote 
from the will of the people, and his views of the high office he held were 
unpractical; but he was rigidly upright and he repulsed the demand of 
his supporters that offices should go with party loyalty until it had be- 
come too well fixed in the consciousness of politicians to be ignored with 
practical safety. 

Jackson accepted the prevailing view of Adams in its extreme form, 
apparently with entire sincerity. ‘ The patronage of the government for 
the last three years’, he wrote to Coffee, “has been wielded to corrupt 
every thing that comes within its influence, and was capable of being 
corrupted, and it would seem, that virtue and truth, has fled from its 
embrace. The administrators of the Govt has stained our national char- 
acter, and it rests with the people to work it out, by a full expression of 
their disapprobation. The present is a contest between the virtue of the 
people, and the influence of patronage, should patronage prevail, over 
virtue, then indeed ‘ the safe precedent ’, will be established, that the Presi- 
dent, appoints his successor in the person of the sec of state. Then the 
people may prepare themselves to become ‘ hewers of wood and drawers 
of water ’, to those in power, who with the Treasury at command, will 
wield by its corrupting influence a majority to support it. The present is 
an important struggle, for the perpetuity cf our republican government, 
and I hope the virtue of the people may prevail, and all may be well. 
From the signs of the times, it appears, that the influence of the admin- 
istration is on the wane, and the cause of the people will prevail.” 7 These 
sentiments were characteristic of the writer’s mentality ; they showed how 
little intellectual poise he had and how little he grasped the nature of poli- 
tics at the time. 

By the side of this letter we may place an extract from another written 
by an Adams man about three months later in which the attitude of 
Adams toward appointments was characterized by the men of his own 
side. The writer was Edward Everett. He showed his disappointment 
because Adams would not do exactly the thing the Jackson men charged 
him with doing. “ For an Administration ”’, said Everett, “ then to bestow 
its patronage, without distinction of party, is to court its own destruc- 
tion... .. Our present chief magistrate made the experiment of the 
higher principle, of exclusive regard to merit; and what has been the 
reward? A most furious opposition, rallied on the charge of the most 


T Infra, p. 402. 


Preface xy 


corrupt distribution of office, and the open or secret hostility of three- 
fourths of the office-holders in the Union.” ® Everett was right. The 
“Era of Good Feeling”, in which Monroe had undertaken to appoint 
officials without regard to party, was past. In various states a spirit of 
strict partizanship in apportioning the patronage was established, and it 
was now showing itself in federal politics. No President who withstood 
it could hope to keep his party together. Jackson soon recognized the fact, 
as his appointments well showed. But it is probable that he never real- 
ized how completely he reversed, when in office, the principles of his 
immediate predecessor. 

The election of 1828 came on in due time, with the result that Jackson 
received 178 electoral votes to Adams’s 83. The victory was hailed as a 
victory of the people over an aristocracy that had held power so long 
that it had become indifferent to the popular will. The victor was then 
popular with the mass of the people. The large audience that gathered 
before the east front of the Capitol to hear Jackson’s inaugural address 
uttered words of admiration and approval as the tall old man, his white 
head bared, came out to address them on the course his administration 
would follow, all of which shows that the violent onslaughts of the pre- 
ceding three years had not done great damage to his reputation. 

The historian, whose view of a public man is likely to be more imper- 
sonal than the views of those who actually saw him in the flesh, will, 
however, ask what kind of a man he was and in what respect he was 
qualified for the office to which he had been chosen? By early education 
he was poorly equipped, nor had he acquired in his professional life that 
mental development that has come in that way to many of our public 
leaders who began life in the humblest circumstances. Of all our Presi- 
dents not one, perhaps, read fewer books and learned less from those he 
did read. The military life, the one calling in which he showed himself 
superior to most other men, was not a life to teach the lessons that qualify 
a man for the presidency. 

This third volume of his Correspondence contains ample evidence as 
to his intellectual equipment. His letters show us a man whose judgments 
of men are entirely personal. Whether favorable or unfavorable, they are 
warped by his feeling and are lacking in the sense of fairness. In their ex- 
pression they are unrestrained and if unfavorable they are apt to be 
violent. His views upon events display the same qualities, with the dif- 
ference that they are formed on the basis of their bearing on his own 
interests or on the side he has taken. He sometimes spoke of his princi- 
ples, but the term is very uncertain on his lips. To him “ principles” were 
little more than expressions of his strong egoism. They were not the 
results of logical debate in his own mind. He was nearly incapable of 
seeing any side of a question but that on which he had ranged himself. 


8 Cited in Bassett, Life of Jackson, p. 442. 


xvi Preface 


These qualities had their redemption, if such qualities can be redeemed 
at all, in his moral courage, of which few men had a greater stock. He 
feared no man. He was candid and bold in speaking his mind. He was, 
as much as any public man I have ever read about, indifferent to his own 
interest with respect of his conduct in office. He never profitted out of 
the offices he held, and he retired from the presidency as poor as when 
he entered it. He was, also, a man possessed of the soul of courtesy for 
those whom he had not come to hate. His manners were very dignified 
on occasions of ceremony, although in periods of relaxation they were 
as informal as in the backwoods in which he spent his early life. He was 
most gallant with women, treating them with a chivalry which even in his 
day was considered “ old-fashioned courtesy ”. 

In his public life he had at heart what he considered the welfare of 
the nation, supporting its authority, defending its honor, and guarding 
its interests. He was a man of the people and saw the good qualities of 
men of lowly station. He did not believe that only those of the higher 
circles of society were fit for appointment to office. He was sensitive to 
jobbery and flouted even the suspicion of it. Although possessed of the 
will of an autocrat, he was a true democrat. Some of his bold measures, 
as the veto of the Maysville Road bill, filled his assistants with terror, 
but he told them to consult their constituents and they would see that his 
action was approved, a judgment which events amply justified. More 
than all, he had a dominating personality. This quality enabled him to 
command his army in the field; it enabled him to command the political 
group at whose head he rode into power. His good sense enabled him to 
appreciate the temperate urging of his friends in the campaign resulting 
in his election, and it made his further conduct of the party a great 
success. 

This period of his life broke off with the sudden death of his wife on 
December 23, 1828. His marriage had begun in turbulent conditions; but 
no divorce was ever better justified by the events that followed it. For 
Rachel Donelson, his wife, he had the deepest affection. His letters to 
her reveal warm sentiments and the greatest solicitude for her welfare, 
and such was his feeling for her throughout their thirty years of married 
life. The attacks on her in the campaign gave him the sharpest pain, and 
when she yielded to a brief illness six weeks after the election he believed 
that the fatal end was in some part due to her depression over the attacks. 
He buried her with chastened affection in the garden at the “ Hermitage ” 
and turned at once to the tasks connected with his departure for the seat 
of government. It was with this shadow over his spirit that he entered 
office, lonely and clouded with grief, his mind constantly recurring to the 
single grave he had left behind him. Perhaps this event, stupefying in its 
weight, softened his spirit, so that he took up the work before him in a 
quieter manner than he would have had if he had entered office in his 


Preface XVii 


normal frame of mind. It was as a man of sorrow, rather than as a man 
of resentment, that he became President, and the larger problems that 
faced him were taken up in their natural semblances, and not under the 
influence of the spirit of jealousy and suspicion with which he had too 
frequently considered the actions of men and the treatment of perplexing 
situations. 


Joun SPENCER BassETT. 
JANUARY I, 1928. 


[ The lamented death of Professor Bassett, on January 27, prevented his 
reading proof of the preceding preface. All the text and annotations for 
the three remaining volumes had, however, been completed by him some 
time ago—J. F. J.] 


TABLE OF CONTENTS. 


IE Ba PUA oe tet ae ee ree oo wp ss's even eons 


RvR ASE Laveen FAG. Foo obec ose e sous cc ceetecee.. 
To John C. Calhoun (Secretary of War), Jan. 10............ 
Affidavit of John Donelson, jr., Jan. 13.............2-2-00. 
To James Monroe (President), Jan. 15.............0eeecee- 
JAMES TY Ghat | Ol FJ lc 
LE See Os a ee 
Jous C- Calhoun to Jackson, Jan. 23... ...<<.52254.i60 ees 
Patties 4. Sadat to Jacksos, Jatt. 303% 5.2. ss oss sites e's vs sie 
eae patie ie - + etreineerts Ben 8S: 6 tb ost bbsce shee eres ot 
eaet Sas AGM AO. Aackeres, Mars 23.5765 .b5s oo'oes x ov saeek . 
George Gibson to Jackson, Mar. 20......2000.ccccccsccecres 
UN A RES Be | EE ca ee ee 
Rese SARICE MORO ROT) BG y5ib 7 bos eek y ss bos sebeseceanded s 
wo Andrew J. Doncisom, Apr. 16 (7)... .< 520 25.0055%002%208% 
S00 Et, Paton to Jackson,-Agr. 16.2420 o5es.wscce cosa oo 8: 
tana € Galhors to Jacksot, May: 24). .<253220assscctune oe 
Seine’, Cations (0: Jackson, Jime 222. 2 visi sve es ve ciess ewes 
Pax ete eae te ta JACKS I UNE 302205 5200 dese ss eee adie » 
GM Pee ee ee 0 a 5 


ee oe as 


a 


ee ee ea 


ee ee 


a 


ee ee ee ey 


ee 


ee 


a ay 


ee a 


es 


ee 


a ary 


ee ee 


ee 


es Ape et Oples: MAKIN SEE BO vcsnis oslo devine sews sede's obo eased Sel ers foe IMS 
as eRCRMIMAN CAME ISIE. 25s co rive die dae case ive decide eel bestest 
REES FARMS MOS IGE. 20 alo ii siso'o a's's c's sa eee ules se ee PEES del SITs ee HORE 
amas ire AMON FUNG Os cns pot ea snc scow k's Ser sawas rod oote andes. Hes eve 
fat Be Sa De I Ogee en A a 
es ie AAMC MAGICAN se See peg in rnb ut wmn Seoul wed > ace oe oad tieds 
es NES ee AAR, DCIS Disa sige oys Sore ceeds se esto ces ersae sey tO neuer OILS 
eae ea Cp a AION A SEOE, Ronis ob cele wads cbs komad eee erssebe Doves etree Se 
IES CAMENEL, ROU AEF acces ete sh> oe wecwiee sa aies Hed sts, Hyd Be 


i one a Ae Ce, NOV ABO seer idp ose superdubse ova stead ibs sOoee a tas sa eae 


tate Calhorsito Jacksos, Novy, 30s5005-.00 0050 wd tees ene» 
SON, CAUIADECKZE Sica sled s'vie viet ts varverer ss’. 


esT TAIT NADUEOL, (EAL. NF. oo natiasoe scene -deeercnnstieae o's 
Pio nue 1 AAO AOI. Ge esol ceases romeessrascne 
James Monroe to Jackson, Jat. 24...02-020ccccseerccrscsees 
Mid hauies MOS 6s FER Ties fons ose ancns ceing atlmaaslle,< 
ast Vsti ROH PO ST cre cine ose crop tnrwcentin tats 
Terie i Baker to JacksoujVe. 1B. 5. oc ces ccccmnszencms oli 
Samuel Kennedy to Jackson, Feb. 20......-...0e.eeeeeeeeeee 
Papi htt CCE MEAL. Boo seeds Jose bcc ccusecccprobvne sles sae 
James J. Hanna to Jackson, Mar. 1......--0020seesececseres 
John Quincy Adams (Secretary of State) to Jackson, Mar. 12 
John Quincy Adams to Jackson, Mar. 23.......+-+-++++ee00 
Rar Atiaa Campbell, Mass Zi vc ccccncsdosescsnie wont vetoes sae 
To Andrew J. Donelson, Mar. 31........---ccceccccccoeecs 
John C. Calhoun to Jackson, Apr. 8.....-.--++0eseeeeeereeee 


ee ae 


es 


re 


ee es 


ee ee 


es 


es 


See eee eee 


ee 


ee ey 


es 


ee 


ed 


er 


xx Table of Contents 


PAGE 
To John Coffee, Apr BY. (We aes ois sisew aan ee ab oe a oa sists ne mies ae eee “i 
Account with S. W. Stout and Company, Apr. 14.....-..+eeseeeee rere resets 4 
To John Quincy Adams, Apr. 24.....-.-sc0sescecescescecrscccesecstsererccess 49 
Henry Stanton to Jackson, ADf. 25......-..seeceeeee reece eesee erect eer seeecess 50 
To José Callava (Governor of Florida), Apr. 30.....-+-++e+eeeeereeteceeetreees 50 
To John Quincy Adams, May 1.......-.+-s-eeeseceees cece esencecrcrsenecaens 52 
To John Quincy Adams, May 7........---0+eceeeeceecececceceeertree ret tessee 53 
To José Callaya, May 11.225 .0scscceccs cw cine rence e ons ssinleis scigie= ciiientein «folate 54 
To. John Coffee; May. 28. <5... ois. occu. ones ne oF vricieisls oe bee ial eres ie a Bie 55 
Edward Livingston to Jackson, May 14..........-.eeeeece cece wees eeese et seecs 56 
To John Quincy Adams, May 21... 2... 2.00... 5 50 sie cies « aise ~ caieine ose 00s o eleinini> 57 
‘Lo James Gadsden; May. 205502066 .2 501s sis 29) sjepe oiela ie = oie oie) etait aietale ia lel 57 
Mo John, GC. Cathouns May (225 noes cic niet ot aie aise Elem aa tele ae 58 
James Jackson to Jackson, May 28...........--2seeseeecee ee eeee vere eseereene 60 
To John Quincy Adams, May 30. .-.-..--6..-- esr -esiee = cil jemiee ese == =F ote 61 
Jackson’s Address to his Army, May 31........ suslanlzye beanie a, sdekel aaa = Serato 62 
Mo James C. Bronaugh,, June 0. ccc sce eo o - wowieee a eat iey- deteletned ya 4 te 65 
‘Toi John Quincy Adams, Jiume: 10s atc seen oe oe ee «ee =e ee 65 
José Callava tolJackson,, Jie IOs ee nace sats = 2 fe ele eee te 66 
do). José: Callava, June 32° sis cee «sie oe ato oicoun oe wisisnie aire fale Cee eye aerate 67 
To Richard K. Call,” June! 22s. cic.cssac cee tie se laste elas eet eee eer 69 
To: José Callava,, June 27 o.ccccie 2 c1ejsto.n.c swies aisiore us oii cieseie weicteipthie aaa nia rere 70 
José: Callava ito Jackson, June) 105.1012 sccceusaisie es siecle wis «stele “iat te isteinataee eiee eee 71 
‘Lo José (Callava, June. 20 o..5 |s shs.s10,0<1eidiessue. 8 Chins see's Sialsin «eee eNO cree ee 72 
José: Callava to Jackson, Jume 22 )5,.%<.fe.cie.-1s oe eeu.cnssciere ae oes ee nee ae eee 74 
To Jose. Callavas .Junel(23 sincs0 sccm eee eae terse «aoa ee ee ee 76 
Richard; K-, Callsto, Jackson, June: 23..5...2 + noses sce seam oon eee eae 78 
José Callava:..to Jackson) June: 25 eaccn o«cu.cs ected awe Jes ee eee 78 
Lov José. Callavay J une: 26s. vaccusareseisintcu phe trees cre ee peeks sp Gas iwen ade ox 81 
Go John: Coffee; June 27 x.2c,c0cwiesowawings wee ees hee ee ee ee 82 
Mot John Ouincy Adams; June:20..o..5. oes eceern eee ee ee eee 82 
José Callava:to Jackson, Junev30ss 0 oman oc.ic GS acne ee ee eee 84 
ho José; Callava, July tiic.o. da saioga cuisine sesh iae Mee ee ee eee 85 
To: José Callava, July: Bo. scecwintes oo. dnidccnco esos ee ceines ee eee ee eae 85 
Lot joséiCallavay” Julys3ilas..cse. 4 cena <eiererers PaO RON GS eee CEs 86 
co -Andréw Je Donelson, Julyacmeces ces tee cee ce ie aoe 87 
To’! John: Donelson; July +3. scaanien snare cemepnaical< deen eee ee ee 87 
José Callava, to. Jackson; July <::csiciacarrelcoyents myccobsom lec sce eee ee ae 88 
Lo" John’; Coffee,» Jilly) Asics 0siastenwas<ntonio seme meena See ee ae 89 
To Henry Stanton; July. 6.(4.0sser-anns ancnn ioe nn ae wre ae oe ae anne 89 
Fenry' M.. Brackenvidge to. Jackson, JUQy. Scan canvaia cena snake SEL eeee eee 90 
José Callava to, Jackson, July. DOsc.oastes vaqenacnnw cama chs OMeeL LEREENee ok aaa QI 
José Callava to: Jackson, Jilly. £1. .csancas don inicunimty oie aan wee Seema! 92 
Lo José Callava,, July: taisn ans as-acwian scanner arecn incl uate ee ae eens 92 


To José Callava, July: 13.scicconsn vs vacuo viens, canteen See aie een 98 
To José Callava, July 13 


Lo José Callava, July: 1550s: us esc0snns amine aoe OU, ae eee ich 
To James. C.. Bronaugh, July. 15. Wana ssn eewe ack cok gasp lee, oe al 100 
José Callava to: Jackson; July 26... .00..05nsanasusn ete Janeen ke eee 101 
Lo José Callava, July: 16.010 siwec-<rcidi wiv-onccise ome or Sigs SEI a 103 
To John Quincy Adams, July 17 22,0uace.csecy oeee ee eee ae 104 
To John Coffee, July a8... «016.5 wake ates ace eee eee 105 
Samuel R. Overton to Jackson, Atigc 1, «.d:c<<e«sascve eee ee ee 105 
Henry Stanton to Jackson, Aug, 2... ..aei0 5ecc yee eee 106 
To José Callava, Aug. ee eR 108 


Table of Contents XXi 


PAGE 
To Messrs. Walton, Brackenridge, and Miller, Aug. 21...........0ccccecececeees Ill 
Saris S.. KOma es te PAO, AUG, 25 6.6 0osn sce id vee os nl bwistd ow ds Oxdivey dca daca « 112 
Mie Ola CramncymmnA Cabs PAT ots oe Nee oni oc ele. cd sid <edaete Ue hielo Remote 112 
eA ere rr re ee ed Bcd ater n ae Ad odin aisle ew nd lw vrs 116 
Sey Lesa PPC SOME OU ENS Stes ee ee oc is ais asl cial aig d niordiviocnn ib Aetna tralles ntouibea beersee 116 
Jacksons balkwith dntdian Chieftains, Septi20..<<0cssceec ceed soceesscocceoss ve 118 
pgp Obi Oe vera Se SED ES E3O goa ic o.sidyn.ccinia Sielsice aid sawne Reid nw e Noe Soarowere 121 
PR Cape eieee MNT OCT RICE IE CAS SORES SSS eeued i waco Wid vase evade codecs choles 122 
Noe dine y Gants tg yaCksoly OCtH2Oy cdc eerste s acne eae ee SS 125 
BGy Lone AetEncy meNGanS- oN OV 135 cru os Gree Sos Miers ies wie ee cleie ee Oe ee ee 126 
Bren) AICS PRL ORE OCI ES Vil TH OSTA eid ora Sis cae Sioa a ctera ein erer Oa Onc oR oats Se RS 129 
SE wnee tea Pe POURE A NOVO PG Cokes Sate oc § 656s Se Seow w hake ae a Soma SE 129 
Wobsa t @alhout to GackSone NOV. 10:.sc ss s¢ sas Conwens vite cue oe cabee ous leeey 132 
ares Gatiscernutar JACKSON. INGYs 20. ecu wrk s ce ctu e iin ee oss oe eet Meee 132 
sles LOM GlaICy AGAtHS, HNOV G2: ous cue sa yioch Mae slicers we eS aoe ooo Reales doe eee 133 
Spee Aes) Gant SUeIT CC me ete a Rime CRA eins Seniesa websites See eS RES 139 
oniterls Maton 10 HP ACKSOl PEE e aL Ace ce Cee Sake ees sO Uw sie oe ree owe 141 

1822. 

Sire AMUN Seay ROESIN ETS MAIS Oo ereiveraraie ele cole lan eas. Sissies som 2:6 Sinie viG eae ofa es 142 
CRN ANIMAS ENE PANES 2D ea hy ee pi oicca:s sins oie i emis eivinicie sieweine iach cee eet heae 143 
BET ae VOMESINE ARREARS Ua NGE AINE P CASTS ICSU creas chs, 3. 7s 0/0 een Slob Spay 6 Cin ni 1 Sia Bins Ranse kee n(n 319 LRT TS A= 143 
INS RETO, TSI PES en ke Oo ee ee At ent: 145 
aAmes@ > Brevatirti tor] ACKSON, PED. Gis oi.c 565 cio aia wie. 3) aye ojnse{16.0,nyaisyalayeit o'a.6:disigie 4 te os 145 
IMRT ES CARLO AEKSOR SEED, IOs 5. crc ore cc ciate at a asersinsa a o7nin,515 aus 0.01 &, » 814/04 ad aise ajelescrta oe 148 
JQP GP ie UPd eae ee EE eee oe ee ee aoe ee 148 
Panes More PeANIO DD se) ACSDN,| BEM, EO oa< cise so 016% 0:0 dens'> 9a lnjeiais, neo wia.ci'« sibs. 151 
Pattee a ON ANS ft I PACKSOSS. BEDS 22 « «.« 20/50, 010 8 ale 'ou0/6, Sieh a Side as¥ uve visiare. 85's 3754-0 152 
BRc ia EASON COTE CLS Race (ce bir e'e ivinie +5. ciy'e 9, 0\0'0.6.5 5 Ciesn muoke nis: sume suefsin/SNies <vaieipinle nists 153 
Sbisnrias cm UNE cSIset OI NACKSEHL, MAT: 13 0. oy ox bcc -sierese'air(ofiie cielo oko A Fe aie as, asm at atu eS 153 
Rr CH TEEN OAS EECA NA AY RE AGT Niele ole aiig's/5:c.¢ ic 'wiaiei> 0/0 010:0\a16/e.6)>.018 S:eyaioyerse. Bie.s0ssse) ord Bye Vibiahe8 tere 155 
aie) ATE BCE OS MN AT OO saa aigte, ¢ as coe sooo 9 5.0100.9\s 6/0105 /0/4.6.0inie 01 6nje evereye-p[sis sx Sfoisass. 6: 156 
SECT EE Wy Nem RONNC SOT e WAAL PT ss 5 ie w wi nip's 0 midis iniais'aypjoi a, siefe [Oe ma,o.016, acolo nin lass atay> sie 156 
se ATE ot PIGESOR ADT co Mis cts c%e a 015 o.0'e oi0 01a sia:nioie aio eloresh B10. aysi6.asioisie 4/6 0 ipi-a s einie 157 
Beers DEL ER EIALTIGM AOE E352 care ica aiswndivie ofc ain/s 315 /a)o ala 6,6) «0mjey89-s)miniaieiein.c¥9 wit 0 sfaiataie [Reiss 158 
rae SUGAUSUCHUTO PACKSON AQ. FS ccc ctroisiniclviaiss ce ins e006 Sse d a,0 swe «i0.57eig0i9, (00 /sase 158 
To Andrew J. Donelson, Apr. 26........... TF as0e 6 ¥ af oliea ins Brose Gre: Gu 5 ead casas ohesnrens (eke aie et 159 
Tie VEST ey VEG Ss Co ESS ee ee re OMS eee ce ee rr yt kere err ae 159 
EGpeTewWalee Ciel SOn WAV a 20 wigs em. ws, cisr0, 0. si0/4inc0' wie c(0ile, 010.0% one @ huey «easton Ae 162 
ED spares ews COMA TT A AY A Foland ape9is'0/5'9 iol E20, 0.4 13018 ai aiefoln, area feo winis/ajessieino eins 162 
ie LOMA TIC VaAEO WN CRS CMM: UIE 2297 5 cao. Aw asa aol 0 o/01910-4 eueyn:,nid[ele o:kcaay n Rae *A pe. s 5-01 163 
alone en alOUsiey ONG 205515 2 a)o10.0.5 2151s «5.5.0.0 5 12 ai0'6 F'n 6 Slo 9a/a/e 00, 54b1¥ Sialoks 3)ohis 2) e pei 164 
SeA TEL emis: DOElSOMs ) MITE ON 5 wins! aix co « 415.00:0 50.010 «10/0 10\s a6 + :ase1e)sinini 310% bys sinfeidin' sis 166 
To Andrew J. Donelson, July 5...... Batch wtanisele 6 alesse eVere aie) ¥ ovina Cag CARES hal tea AT otic 167 
aes CG VVC On ACKSON, UNO). 0,515 532-5 /0100i01s10210 015.0) 0:00 Ciopoieieiaielela misieisheisid #mic 167 
Postage Account from Keb. 8 to July 16. 0.60500. os see cose vinnie ase dieevicasisen vias 168 
eam asdes ee FOUaty Le) Ye ES teins .aio7 aia « o\01a 2 ei2ialalsiaiG wile eB elsieie\ viene Gisdisn ie (sbi aies 169 
James Jackson to Jackson, July 24.........cccccccceccecceeterscseseecccrterecs 170 
To James Monroe, July 26.........cc0cscecccccccccsccenscscccsscescensscesves 171 
Egbert Harris to Jackson, July 27.....-.---s-seeceerereecrereeeeeseseeeeeeenes 172 
To Andrew J. Donelson, Aug. 6........-2eccecscccecrcsccescvcserenscvcsscvcses 173 
To James Gadsden, Aug. 9.....-.-cececcccececeeseceerectcenencncencsceececens 174 
Egbert Harris to Jackson, Aug. 13.....+.-ceseecccesceseccrcscensccssenesceeens 176. 
Egbert Harris to Jackson, Aug. 24......-0sseececcecccsencercseceesenseeecsees 177 
To Andrew J. Donelson, Aug. 28..........+++- SEB RTeCeisaie etek e wisiea a ae we 178 
To Andrew J. Donelson, Oct. I1........2eseseeeeeee nie mrlawiet sralora Gavan s etiialalons’ 98 178 


John H. Eaton to Jackson, Dec. 3.....+++.+-eecceee enc ceneeeereeeeeeerteeeceaes 179, 


Xxii Table of Contents 


PAGE 
Robert Jackson to Jackson, Dec. 5....c+esececeeececceenceecencnresessereceress 180 
McCoy and Company to Jackson, Dec. 13.....-+.sseeereeeeeee io ahaha tea wast 180 
James Stewart and Company to Jackson, Dec. 17..-++++eeeeeeeeeeeeerrereeeeces 181 
To John Coffee, Dec. 21......cvecvccecccvcecevecccccccccvccscstccnccscccsesece 181 
To John Coffee, Dec. 27.....sccccccvesccncesvsiovcrconcsccccccessossssscsscsoss 182 

1823. 

Jackson’s Farming Implements, Jan. 8.........seeseeeeeeeeeecereecenceserceenes 182 
To. John Coffee, Jat. 10s scivovisce e+e osi.0.einspeicneiviein\e aisjarte, «isis! sisinislorde ois/oferael ele ie 183 
To Henry Baldwin, Jatt, 24sec s<0.c.c0.00 0.0 asns06 wricicls «elm in ajalelne cj¥ieie » te viviele nan elaine 184 
To Richard K, Call) Febu3) ss.sc10 oe. vis oie jes pieiee c1e-6 sane eleeraleeuae 5 sien ni winkeientalale 185 
To Andrew: J) Donelson, Feb. 8) «0:6 cise «00.0 +0010, 0 0 sivieieisler « aeieisisieysie4)u™ einnieialele'se' 186 
Isaac L. Baker to Jackson, Feb. 14......ss0cccccccccnsecviee cvncsinsivicasionsscnces 187 
John Quincy Adams to Jackson, Feb. 19........scceesccececccsccscsccrccceccere 187 
To James Monroe, Feb. 10.0 <isinsco vcr. sels ole 010.010. leis pe w0s eiria nies eiih ei <i eieiesitiiae = ts 188 
To Fi., W. Peterson, Feb: 23)s50:< pis.nieue.o.0 oir mie.¥:0)e.euce's wiais elelele Ws\ngtaldleisint + nals clean ieraie are 189 
Tor Andrew, J. Donelson Mary 5 cvs eee sees os atalgerolansiccew/a alaraiatcrel alees etarerats aleliet riers 190 
Rebecca Bronatgh: to: Jackson, Mati 7. a ssstclviiele o'cie'+)4 sisterntoraiclereterstareteclavateredl rete etviale IOI 
ohne Rhea ton ackson Mare’. cle va's c siete oe x xeie's grelersla sve ein scie avers snecaretere ai eretaveratetate ate IQI 
Vo Johty Comee,” Mar. LOs sivas ve treo bre 0 daisvele o(oict ele aly'aleyeie exc eiatsletatmatate sary teemetetarete 192 
‘To Joh Otincy Adams, Mar.) TS5iracc scc.c\e civiciere (ely o's ears le'o.6)sce'ealetaiahalare ataiaea etre etmeanatens 192 
Johny Calhown tov Jackson; * Mat 30.vicccivisetiscle ee cele e's vie cete. cite Greene gitenntate ert 193 
Td, John Gofkee, "Apts" 1s). s-0c'e oa cic'e cle ep clueee ste Ags cetss atomic tiataal een na aienetemtetere 194 
Isaac’ Liv Baker? to: Jackson,’ . May’ 3.30. cee a'ces vou sc sues tana cee tee eaatem steemitets 195 
TO Jor Comee; May Saws < sscele scree vie wie sels tavatels wrt-otely ere wicternre se ere Oteree ete anette 197 
Memorandum of Agreement with W. T. L. Harwell, June 11................-.. 198 
Charles*Pi Tutt to-Jackson,* Jtitte 2A vec os + sine ales fae catetmere ete are ore a ete tere ae 199 
Richard ‘Gy Dinlap ton Jacksott, .) uly: dye cciclclsles wets ste cree eletere te crete siaanatete re rctemaorane 199 
Yames" Gadsden to Jackson; July aut vices cv celts ewe cee cule teese cence mamema et 200 
Jon C, Calhoun: to’ Jackson) July Sis nac sue we cies eee teeeren ites otte wre tetera ete 201 
lo: JohnrG. Calhotins August s sve sa css vcvw cies ceay etme tens eer cin ecr eaters eaten eran 202 
Lo: Jorn, Comee, -Atigy 220. 'y sc vas 0 cm nis ele eicis wagers wise uleiee eidiee tam eicte eicie areata ener erent 204 
Edward’ Ward to Jackson, Aug 25v. ass ces chee ss nu echturce see mate mene rere eta 204 
John McNairy to Jackson, Sept.) 3. iss om selesies cuca uectuuts cote te te cae eee 205 
Benjamin Lundy to: Jackson: Septy diss. cases weiss oes elke Vuk chine eres te meee 206 
Lo. John McNaity; “Sept:6: ce. ses + one colate cies beleeeeeicentad clentee cere eee aan 207 
John McNairy to: Jackson; ‘September... sss ciccsss sees ceecueeeeeeenerockome ts 209 
William Brady and Thomas Williamson to Jackson, Sept. 20..............eeeeee 209 
Lo) John Coffees Oct.) 8... 55 uve swe cates auccae clench ete chen ne meat cence 210 
LO: James: Monroe! Oct) 10... <0 ss cscs testis vp ns oe can yes ethene tet ae mae 21 e 
Lo Georse’ W. Martin; Oct rsi.0. Coens cca vew ce ececcns sete ete ene) Seen 212 
oO: John Coffee, OCts 2A casas es vais nolc's » oetue wus ceria tee teeta ama 213 
LO: Mrs; Jackson, NOvi 1G; 0's s'ss so sos ele acie ue obese eect cement re eae aa 215 
40 Mrs. Jackson, Dets 7.045... suckss sens ss eebe cheackcetek beeen Maem 215 
16 Mrsv Jackson, Dee: 10... cvicsicssencsvandecuk cate cheeereeene eee ee ane 216 
Winfield. Scott to’ Jackeon,: Dec. t8...s'us salva ces cute ot oe Oe ere en eae 216 
To Winfield Scott, Dees 12.05 inet s veces vue ve veellc ghee een eaee anya mam 217 
John H. Eaton'to Mra Jackson,.Dec, 18..5....is0.0s0eseevuecneeene. ee eee nn 217 


caveev os bebe as Sale elcelanieae erred stein ce atrean im oie mnee 21 
To John Coffee, Dec. St.iis. iiss neva skesda as hun CUT Ose E neennEn a ammnas pe 
1824. 

To George Wo Martiny Jani 2... «sissinonascednaleue oy aa ee ee eee 221 
To Mre. Jackson,: Jank Syins:ae01.5 2.000 sina sous 06's a ee ee 222 


Table of Contents Xxili 


PAGE 
PCM nem OCK Silt an Ate Pact a eee ie © oN ARS Seles x o wisi amsialx aarineabeatenne hee 223 
soe ATiO‘e Wale DOUEISOU ME ALIETC han a5 = c.6 ss awieoxie se ks oi5'e x0 vad osttdeotin len Sk canes 223 
7 ee a Og oe a ee ea a a ee 224 
Outs Lins Hato irimNA PSM ACKSOR | PEN 6. on .:c5) 5 aire cisis scale v ohana sae duals see 225 
pi VOUT PONG ate CLG cer CRN lore wok Golan ars sioiain leita bro SUIOE o BRICe eee aR Oe 226 
PRE STIL CO EOE SOD BCD I 2 coe ty Oe Ong rod. ene sans va eased «Amato cane 227 
PNAS ROUTE MOOL BORED ELE cata nase 5.9 a10 sins snslasale cus oir ate «KS eist toa Ren ee ve 228 
peow font Gonee she fetes Or cceg etc ccen, cs soc s aa ces ces ances stacker se 229 
Maren rews les Danielson Feb. 220. 005.6 p.9:0' wislewog.oeisivacls sisie s Caw eo aie a tanies 230 
Se NA TS Me ACS OTe MAT ee no. tomcnin ks Swi a amWSers sv csus's-s s sould at Maw GIS ER oe leis 232 
SEIN) OLE SER ote NE ALON Once a eae cra cis iain aieinis eisia ad w ciate aa: sae ane e ae SERIE 233 
PE SAUIELE HOLATEWV ONL. Mot aoe ee ns cc v's clots wlarae 3:0 creates he sie Tee wae 233 
PEA AEC WR Nae EC ISITT MACs :.ic75)ctulsiants eleieis’s leleie's's'einle sles a vse hb eeisrie satel ae 234 
Memes: hAlimandwentinnsaCison gi ars Ovcicee as Gstacehe eee Ohee Labia woe 236 
MPO CSS ACKSON EMAL IOI. 2 Onl. SthereinieG dtolncuerouis wooo Stee bie a AOR ae RAO 236 
SR Rey aes SMMC LARA RIV TT ccs Ss a ancavelin pastors elarolels s/osorw’ aici ISG a 237 
lane sul eoee yeu Pome lsOn a Mat. 35. 5c ure ais sccwieic aera a ew resmis oeiaipipnweiaisiote ialehs wahoo a ale 238 
MNES Sa RACK SON -sIMOCHION. . 5 Mice b « pisickaeicte Aid a eater alas SSR Rida SK coats 238 
PBMC HISUMINAG LCASE I AEE 22 ee a ae acc iscecelv is ome @ piv deine os ee ane se eo eee 239 
MAT See VAC SOR ANAT ott Ae cs 5 5.s gi teseisie naeisin® wine 60d a False bicleleelos es isla ae 240 
FRE RGRITI OR OOO RIM Aiea ots Sininia'e is.s oy wie /o leis fuviwieis'sieiow pio amine erelee « Moe eee 241 
oshaneitavarn, ji too jackson Mar. 20, cin sissies oss che Sceale are oh oat ee 242 
ARE VV Sits LAV OCIS 1S MATS. 30. ceciein po.cip aie naielee oles 00 vane aes MR ow ae 243 
ie Se WE tL OUEISON AING Ase sc csuwnclscce gies eo: sews cine sistas oj ciieeonn ate 243 
Pua M OLY Se OAC ESE o LAAIE a 5S care: cio aio 6p) $ave sere 1 ls) « Sialose-& eta ala esa a Mate laste woke BaIelo er 244 
Sea Tem Ae SOM ADT cre cre cieositcenccles rik oop ewpatey-sisenwt et adetee eeien aes 244 
SDR MCN ACK SOIL C/N Din S510 /aie/e.0'e xsl e 0 ia <-> 's 4 0 sipigice.s1e(0l4/d'0 gia o's: svace piayeiele rorie telele eels 245 
PERM IAINCS NMAGULOG BADE. Oey. c's oe vie cerets c's swe riv'e oi Opi ele «9/002 Stslaieistava w ste/eletestatere « 245 
ee SO ETOCTIO TACKSOIG ADE WIOS aye ¢.a:5 <e:divie opie eas sie eisiee aac ee peteca dese Weiclet fe 246 
Emr aT COs PONE SONT, CADIS EE docs ain oc 20s 60/5 aie sey cie'e # olytne semis «ajateaisizinreclalelers 246 
Pm NI EI ACASOME ND elie oe ce ain cuisine wig cic ais tieiecie ale Finnie Cie .0 Bs, 1onlo o(erietoe ee 247 
re Leer | oe OMe SOU ADI AT er pic cie cle a aeie.s tee oes. 0\6 012 -se/s)¢:eio.6/010/g'e/ejeiv eisivieieie) sie 248 
SCHENCK SOTA D It eS cao cic .s cin e's we magne’ ress, cisia\erole;e sw ois,e/0:6 vio'e'e wei ere e.miery oe 248 
[iecree eee PCNORELILAL EES SLMS ore Store stale wl oye sisi wc sss a isis wcain.w ee s,s) speiay ris ie'e ale ein} ee 'ao,o mens. ia. 249 
PRG TITe We) ae ONC ISOC M ADI ge 27 anes sar nig\s ¢'scie iss ioe ee'sie e's oie sa slora slate wieie/a'eslsyeiscrs 251 
PPM OUISOOCE EMA Ea net fase ooo Acistine ss cin Siac eelols ctelcielce seers ctsias sarersieieas ¢ e's 251 
eM ree ACKSOM SMAVET S222 acs narcae sss Ross sasivsesis sesesepdiaccibescis ea siesens 252 
To James W. Lgnier, Maver Sit yiccateoe te cee occa eee teetolne she ecilen suas mes 253 
Soiree Mes POLE OO MP ACKSOMU VI UNC "Os 723 fis. Fc18s 5s sles perm ee cosire see b-sicle sts seis! o16'6 16 254 
narles tes Duttito MACKSOS), | 1016 125.555.5252 siciw'seiaies oielsl.s wieie vis’ oigieis se's)s 0) nee ae 
‘Touonu Cottee, Junie 182s. 3.-222.0.005 Rese ee et a te oe cee tenet tele antatitce esaconre 4 255 
To John Armstrong, June 29....... Eee eater ae ee ots satel Od tas sareslasteie eat cis eecte 258 
To John Coffee, July 1.......... ae ae Ais Deee sare cae sears teenies vnc ee clas aes 258 
PRY SUTTER ELON IV tA soe see scien olson se eo.clc ooo ae wei a.s'eig'c ole .e\einis ele eishois o's 259 
cmb wardelsivine stot Nily Sasso sie cis tae niciciecessiciee sis apiswscisias sie enecsiee sca 261 
awardee atencl atone ACKSOM AUIS. Fs. o/c 4 074 «0c /a1s/=110100 sicicls seins vies siojsisie's.a's s/0\00 « 262 
To James H. Witherspoon, Aug. II........ “hide hice tral wee earn ain aes 265 
romthesManciiisides eatdyetien Sept 10s see cee stssiesinnterssisieecicie aisles ole vies sisi ole oe ed 266 
OM GOIN OMCE TOCDERZS oeitee soe atc nate tc. aicie cele vieinis.0 emelen « sisie sla/e's « s10)6,9 sisie'els «> 266 
Memorandum about Jackson’s Duels, Sept. DRM eee eiteiccrecitecre sere ert tis <a ate 267 
They Marauisvdectatayette: to Jackson, Oct, 18 sic acces ce mcs cs 06.006 oo cic iss are 268 
To Samuel Swartwout, Dec. 14....... Eee eee ele aor tee Ae esis Wags sets mele 3 sje's-oie's & 268 
Tor JohnaGotee Dec) 27 ve > accesses tcc op Bere anit tie vie Cee o aie ais tie cs s16.5 Ae 269 

1825. 

Jackson’s “ Black Polls” in 1825, Jan. I....cccesesesecceesens aeasteranats Wald sBiersles VRATL 


To John Coffee, Jan. 5..... Be Ma io onc AOS GATS ec 0 0/n0'w\310 Wolasa #istalave gintelelslale ee e272 


XXiV Table of Contents 


To John Coffee, Jan. 6.....+eececeseeeeeceereecscrcece g6ib Sdaie bravatele ts otpietetahatate a4 
To Charles P. Tutt, Jan. 0......+.-secceseeee Adis Wa edna anole thet ateroreraretereg® Beis 
To John Coffee, Jan. 23.....cessssccccecccccecrccesccecescrees Nik genase ae 
To William B. Lewis, Feb. 7........sccecececccecccccccccrsccnsesssccscceceses 
To William B. Lewis, Feb. 14.......-cescccccccccccccccssccccccsnsscccccssoecs 
To Squire Grant, Feb. 18........scecceccscccncnccecssccecscsecsccrscssssscens 
Bill for Twenty-three Covers, Feb. 18..........seeeceesncectesccncscescccscece 4 
To John Coffee, Feb. 19..........- ate p babiee'E siorb-s aa nee Sle aie eine PiTO oe nara eanaae 
To Samuel Swartwout, Feb. 22..........ceceseeescecscenccccceeessresseerccees 
To Samuel Swartwout, Mar. 5.......-cccrecccecccreeecebecsscecccessssescscees 
George Kremer to Jackson, Mar. 8........0.ecececeeesseeseecercnseccceeeees : 
James H, Witherspoon to Jackson, Apr. 16.....++-eeeeeseeeecceeerereecccees eat 
To John Coffee, Apr. 24.....ccscccccccccescccesccsscessescccessescsssseseeess 
Post Office Account on Newspapers, May 4 to. Novi Giaie Bite Fee carte cee ote POR Sars 
To Samuel Swartwout, May 160.0662 Feccccecnssncede ss sees de cilelsele a sulelesivias ale 
To John Coffee, May 19....ccecccecccccccccnccacsesscsccccsscuesscscscscccene 
To John Coffee, June: 7 1. vieisseee s05.ccc0.ce 096 0 ve 0 soivd ain aivlalsitiaietecisiale srelaleraiaisiaiaays 
Joseph Desha (Governor of Kentucky) to Jackson, June 8..........+-eseeeeeeees 
Torjames Buchanan, June i25.1 20000. . c0s canis a pnias 0 aniee = tse tiem awiele nieces sites 
To! John’! Coffee) July ie ciee os «acc cicisie siert enw cle ou a elders vies salalelateteatvrole sininimeteruias 
To! John iCoftee; July 23i< occ csanicaain'nasie estos ee nics sinie sions aictateea aleeiss ontemiete ae 
To edward Gi, W. Butler, July: 280.5 acenn os atela cicicie’s « talleiele tae orale « srevern orerarniere 
To JohniCofhee, Ate .i2i, stair 's c's nisin ats ara sce ajaigieleiaiwlagelawe e eveiotstetereraierchareteretetaterar evo ietere as 
To Sam: Floustom; Ag) I Disis vs ocr ca c'vre'w nia ails aie sah ere ale alptcla ate aa a ateielaleleyereminte ree 
The Marauis de Lafayette to Jackson, Aug, 20... 25 0066s0cscsccencaecicienecccacie 
To Henry Lee, Oct 72. c.s. sans Siakals SOS Paw setiebe maw ed a clea te's alee Gate eee 
To John Coffee, Oct. 12..... 56 Biv alan s:d ab wlereralelele'a Heer nele aoe aes cook te Sea eRe 
To the Tennessee Legislature; Oct: Tas, ....5ckc avcccnssenscsccdesmese eens ore dar 
To John, Coffee, Oct. 300.0 cc. ccsenscws ce bs Dec's, 6S SS we ADS we MMAR ERIS Oat Sere 
To Stephen Simpson, Nov. 23 
To John Coffee, Dec. 1 


TORR e mee eee eases eee ees eee Fer eeEesteeseeeseseseses 


eee mem m meee eee eeeeee men ereaeeeeseeseEseseeseeeeteseses 


Matnsel: White: to: Jackson, Mar..22..0,.<s0speccbs 0 ves cwies enenc aunties cere 
John’ He. Marable-to: Jackson, Apri 3... ss<cnnceeueescecias Sask s abe al eee sereeatem are 
To James Buchanan, Apr. 8 
LOW allis Alston, -Misyy BS acc ccvrae cain ss bres en/ars atelnce orehecete caceete eee ereheterea tte ele 
Loans to Dull Greens May: 20s<.n sc cassis cache eset fa: xteoteteYonsse afeleieierstatar iain : 
To General Plauché and Others, May 26 
To) Felix (Gruridy; May’ 20%... clesceus ees eee ereis Gs es ceils CRT ROR ee nee 
John C. Calhoun (Vice-President) to Jackson, June 4 
Henry Lee ta: Jackson; July Tocuvs us octe s was ticle temmrceisteren Wate reece nee ence eet Ee 
Arthur Py Hayne to Jackson: July-20ce..s +s ss nu oe ccceuse cece eee 


i eC i ee oe a er ory 


TOOTH Hee e me eee eeeeneeeeennseseenoese 


See ee eee ec ewer eres eesceeses 


ee ee er 
CPP woe ee HHO eee eee eresneeereseseeEreeneeesese 


OOOH meee Deemer ee eee rete rene eeeeeseeenesecneserere 


To Ebenezer H. Cummins, Aug. 31 
To John Coffee, Sept. 2 


CO i oe er a re 
ee er ee 


PRR mR eee eres ease sere erresearesrerereseereseeeseag 


OO Ge Oo eo ele 6 Oa © 6 616 662 0 8 00 0:00 8 so 6 6 bv. v.0s wSs PRG 0 0)6ele 61s 6% 6 


ee ee er We ee Tr 


Table of Contents XXV 


PAGE 
Statement of Mrs. Elizabeth Craighead, Dec. 2..........0cccceccccucecceveccece 319 
> ESAS DULY 25) Ucar roa eye feste ) oa a gare ne re 321 
SERGE IPT ai! Pere orl og TR Be ee ee nes a 322 
Set AE IRR ie le ag oteln cv cuwes gece cacvnscvssscctesuencee 323 
TRE SST WL Cap Civcirty 1B Ssh. 8 Begitlepele he aes Se 5 naa aes a oe 324 
BiatcinentioL Mrs.idry 8, Bowen, Dec. 21,050. sc.coccuices ccs vee cnctesvievecss. 325 
LSS OA PASO Eee As a Ae Ae ne ice eee Ce 327 

1827. 

SECS LECT Eo gt Cr reg (oes eee ae od ie | ee 320 
To Samuel L. Southard (Secretary of the Navy), Jan. 5..........cccccceesceeees 320 
SEMPER MMOS ACRE IAT Re. CPEs Sk be bs ca kuin biecoic.ctde che ate cae 330 
Rese NU IE At SACKEON, IES FF e 5 a pk co es RED Se wic Fae eee ete eat 331 
OMIT 12-5 CAAOUNY 400 FACKSON, FAN. SAo eek k GSS eks oee oo ak See yeah eb Se realty 332 
Siieme oasis PECHIBEOIIDN PALy SCI LCi rine aot eiashceke Rat eR ciation sdles See's chee vere Seles 332 
Slee Ade OS LICAIATIAIE SP ANE OMI 6 cha erates oe a ores ale alc oie oleae a SOE eed oes Mie sami 333 
Jp TEA PAU OW) a 70 NT SY Uae AA 333 
COLES 2 os WATT aati eee ile A, a SR SA a Pe 334 
ESTES Ra eri fey iat fol a ae Oo te a ne a RP 341 
EcIMESN eae SOMUALE cars) (ICI ELTE PED. O.: o/c cine onic voi ouieieeie's Ge kawee ose ecabeee 342 
Pameee SPR Itt FAROONE PON: Ie coos oe ceas cee cc cnc dee ceenne te dsinete: 344 
ean TEATS RWIS BETS Aloe «Mare Sats oc cGie onc ced oid od ui0.c.c-cenecnesiendet ecrehaeé 344 
Se ATIC A MPS AE ORE MIE oc so ee Fo ew oF ae oc re Cogs ooo sir tie eb bisle eye 6 vaio 345 
OL GUESS De EO 9 oa pea pee pe SR A ge ee OP 348 
eee ATONE UL MAAT ESS reo oe tava a> « Annee eis iaoe ee ORS 85 SaoSinis Ga Gi siesecare Mai Pae 349 
eI RCRMS CAIOP URE Sa cls occ etna 6 p.2's 6 sich cis bala se tsicjeue,2 56) 410s 4.0.5.0)n0 v.05 090.6 5-6 352 
EA sett WW MC EO, JACKSOU, ADT 7 ic5 oi0.c/ds 600 te.c.v. c/o 2 6 4:05, 90(5,8%0 srayp a9 35.8019, 5/5: syov8 353 
SUURO NSO T I ATRL OREM ae hai cat oe oy oon cos ie1Fo oo © oj0°3 6ia\e1. 5406 crip ee en aieya, 40a! bia.ae.9 353 
aE Ee rte Mea a EAS erate sig eo aie wot vn oe avele eels & pisie,o lb emis Bio 5y5 Wisi es eaaipietar acs 354 
oa Mt tIEh MeN IS  DIAY Uo c.oc cereus 604s cos 68.614 5)se 10.4, Sias,e/o'o%e,6 5,569 6 nes. 40.2 4 355 
MIRE Eee BECO ESIC me NENM eo cacao << bo oc) o'e 0.4 ul oieis)o/o,.00's dion iw a/ais nie nie) belale Siess] scars 355 
eI EE Am ER AGEIC SUE ACKSONE, PERE uie. o's cpp ops ain'e o sisi is wieisie' 6.4.0) Sie) \a.4,6 (a «is aid\a'o 6/6) si6i0 8 357 
REBT | ACES VUE 8s oo i.5 se 0 sinio ai c'9.a's 4aicie's0 h oivieje'sies sie ie others tas 360 
EME EMETIEV POPP ACHSINE TELE LOS ot ¢ 50:02 be sisinw ts fs gies. a og Wis pl, /pisle, sie.e $i e\e\s.eie%0 01s 362 
ETISCIUMN TIO 40 JACKSON, VINE TA rocco co.cc aid clare sno, s\npo'e.n,0)s <b 0.010 sisselaidiele clare 363 
STRAT CIET et NN ONILE OIL SO aie es wine a pie 0 a.s ab'siele cio sie a o,0/tsininicieealomeiealeeie aia. 364 
eae ee ee Ite EO) ACICEOIN LIE 20s oc raiog\cieis o.01clelo v's 810166100 015 si0iolo piv 0 5) a)e isis 0) 1010/5 365 
seer yet Atel py ME 255 ooo ois 2 6 sai c's wines #19700! pin'6)a 515/20 We\ofe no Gen ets! 9.514 0/8 (0,80 045 365 
Garler IDEVveriey, (0) ACK SOU, UNE 27 b.6 dig v/s.c'o 'e10:0\6 (2 9106/9010 019)6,055(0. 6,519 40 0 ehe eeisie a 366 
STisipiiariess toe Let neil: SO mye ocaicicic aioe cis a isis Wr [15,05 aie e.a aia Bcoiloje\¥ Fialols ela jaio ears 369 
Uy ANY Terri Eo Metis MIKE ois \5'c.< 5/0)9,01e/ 4. 010100191412 0\s'a 019'9 w\einja/a's ale/oinlujala.ei6,sie¢ pen a(vie 369 
Boloniont benin ji ater fACK Solis JULY: 5p civ oie 2 o.c (series pisie s/s roustt laws botsinig.s 618,581) oi 370 
Tiny Leta: WAR Trig woe, = ied S Sn eee OCC CAONa en Vcc NTOer mnie 371 
ARE Gee TO! SACKSOIM NELLY, Ord oie si6 oy cle a c:ta's o.2'd eis. ole eiele wiey0j4i9 ie sinlh aia bi 84.9 5, ='% poi 371 
Moewlaties:Oiichatian, JIUy 155 sscccen es oe na fice © cis v,0\teivies 66 s.¢,0.0)0\,a\9.0)¥.0) 94 6.9, aFeis ese 373 
a Greer TO TACKSON, JU US acc sce ce ves sos ee sis cic eolnigneis « eieieinsinln.vieicwes se v0 tale 374 
PePMV ALTA tt WEUIS, 2) LY 25 so clei ee ncieiscv.ccv.c ocie vss ds \e\n ann vinesalp o's efen sine e 00:0; 275 
PEG PE GTCEH, MUG. UG pip c ners ccsivnscesscees Fbo2 oh ee EN AND ree for ee 376 
Rio -rlatuy iM. Cryer, Aug. 18:5 -.020000065. i OIC RUC a CER Tee Ieee 378 
Om Ole OWEntOly AUG s Locos atures or sieic nye ois neite sis/s.a< n0.5'* Gt Vareee PND Case epee 378 
Charlton Hunt to Jackson, Aug. 29..... Nate sieht Mea ee Seis oe at eal, wie ie nbah use) ¥t9 reteset 379 
To Amos Kendall, Sept. A. veece a ve.6sureeeers Rpramiauetetere aie eih sheieek spicege ©. ake o/so\ Moye eel 381 
Wartin Van Buren to Jackson, Sept. 145.000. 6ccccccssccescccras sete eeeeceeaees 381 
Martin Van Buren to Jackson, Nov. 4..... ert SOR Loa COINS teeter ore ee 383 
To John Coffee, Dec. 5..... Fer SETS at een IS TTA OC CEE 384 


John Branch to Jackson, Dec. 11..... Sa earns OTe AIOE OO COR OLE BOT ee 385 


XXVi Table of Contents 


PAGE 
To Henry Lee, Dec. 17......cccccevcceeceetencccevecesersnegteeeeceseuesseseue 
To John Goffee, Dec. 22... ...cwcccsccetercncnccccsvceuecsees dvsuesnosssseuecsee 385 
Arthur P. Hayne to Jackson, Dec. 27.....2-.- cece eee e ere e teen erent cnet eeeeees 386 

1828. 

Jackson’s Views on Protection.........ececceeccssceeceece eee csseeescescsserecs 387 
To Job Copkee sated sree « oc ovaie visit ois /Se\e aioe eke leie late sole in tsiotoiay a tgisins iat Set materaler stele 387 
To Edward Livingston, Jams 225 01..0.c 0.0 <1 «is aks cris ais ois <lafeieisis n s= 216 = 1= sininre eluls seisiseiais 388 
John H. Eaton to Jackson, Jans 20s. .0c0- 2 cen nininls s/eisiertta => s)* ciels= oleic eine 3890 
To George W. Campbell, Feb. 14........0c.ccccsseccceccccecccccccececesccccees 390 
To. Nathaniel Ws Walliams, Feb. 23enaacclecte as store <<1e elcid ieisla te ial vn oss airs tnt 301 
To, John. Coffee;, Heb 26s wis e:s «icy im wi.0inie ioc sinters wie nls siointe omental aes sae Cees 392 
Nathaniel, W.., Williams to, Jackson, Fels. 27.0.2-n. eek eees eee ale en eee 392 
Galeb Atwater, to Jackson, Feb. 20). occ... aj< 01s.) «== oshsltueleiele > ole! olsiyiste'= ctols lel vicisisis =is 304 
‘ko: William. Bs Lewis: Mars, 3) .<, «o0c,e1ccemeccciniw aie nisin os siecle sinetes siaitta © haere ene 394 
To ElardysM.. Cryer Mary Oise isic.0cc:siae,s10,516 55 sinseisinys ain sess =) ie a gee 395 
Toy MardyeM. Cryer, Marg 22% cciccta ee sons 5 ovaiaaros Stelersciars ela elas nica a <a eared 306 
‘Ros Hush Lo Wihite: Maru 30.5. cos tee ccc caters tac 6 «clean orcuiie eaten a eins rela 3906 
Wa Rea Swittsto: Jackson, Ape: (8... 5 sec. sc o's veisisie arches or cieielt spas a eae 397 
To John Coffee, Apts Birecis.c.a = ow siaieos cis: give oye cio elaele aja q ap diaisieiane easiest 398 
Jackson's Lastlors, Billa pret23 vaars-< at) 0:cim sic © Sfeinia etcetera) fein tee ate oe ete eee ee 399 
To: James-A.Hamiltony ADI 2Qs.ei9s woes 0 o5-c8 cis: <4 9 Sisson ne eeieen eens eee 3090 
John. C. Calhoun, to; Jackson; Apr., 30... c\avcssssos% > 44 ua esae ans oe reer ee 400 
To Hardy... Cryer. .May Sx dae wnuwius Os ox cee cscs ae ve qe osc c acne saninec auewerae 401 
‘Lo Hardy, Ma Cryety May DE sectncccusieie steisias Golem ter ara core tee a ciciat tag ete terete cee 401 
‘Tot John: Cofiee, May iia ic cccnccwatine<cuce eros ce esian selects scan oaeciemcceter aes 402 
John; Branchito; Jackson, May: 23% -mc..0< cus cis aes nace carne wreneeneie ocean ee 403 
Jamespeamuilton Pir tou jackson. Mayes oc) ca. c oe ee ode earch e ciae eennee 404 
WorjobniGs Calhoun May 2h nk ca cam mente cars cto ceram ae cere ced cements eter ere eee 404 
‘Thomas, Pinckneys ton} acksom May 20ccca cn ders cre oeiuren aie Cente aie erecta s meena renner 406 
ahon William: Bs leewises June's cc's n ee oeiec se bal ocl ctv eel eneenen ae ro aeheranotee 407 
ALON Wi Ray SWING, LUNE Sere ciara oe oo a crs nie teres crac ore eer Ee ee cae eee 408 
oujames H. Waitherspoonjand. Others, June on. eeaneces. cee cn eee eee eae 409 
show) ohne Coffee, Junet2O cue we sek eee eee reer BERING US ORC ESE 409 
‘Lhomas Cadwalader to jackson my tines er cece coca cee cere es en eee 410 
To William BoWewis, Jitne 25.00% < Ween e's om teas ce mee eee emote omen cone 4Ir 
dio: James Tamiltony its) Ume: 20. dems coc eets Coca Coe ee eee All 
‘Lo’ William? By, Lewiss July sTovsees co. re caee eek ceeniee pete eee ee 412 
John Ce Calhoun to Jackson, July toc. so ecer coe eee rete eee eee 413 
Ralphtl Wi, Bark torJackson, July 17. <i cece. oc ne oe cece ee ee eee 415 
Mrs» Jackson"torMrs) Blizabeth’ Watson July 1Gcce cose cemeteries 415 
‘Tor William By Dewish July 28). coke cc ct cucatte a aertre eee 416 
Thomas: Stephenson's Athdavite [uly GOs. eee ce cutee ce teeiecetee ee 416 
Certificate of Samuel Mayess July 39 Cock eee eee eee 417 
Statement, ob Nathaniel Stephenson; Alice: Litt ox cece aerate tenement anne 417 
To John Coffee; Air as 05 Bn oe acs lcs Uw oe Re ee eee 418 
Lo" Willian By Lewis: Atig? §..J 055 isk vec eae peice ot coe oe eee ee 418 
To-Robért Weakly, “Ages. s Pet ek eet ka ee eee 419 
To: William B. Dewiss Aug? 15. 2.008 ean es a eee 421 
To" Felix Grundy; “Aus. Tete AA a eee 423 
Lo William B; Lewis, Ada.) 257095 00 005 a Ce ee 424 
‘To’ William’ B: Lewis, ‘Aug. 16.00... oak take eee Cee en ee 425 
Tor Richard Ko'Call, "Aiag 16.2. cy atk cece canes ee eee Ones Mien enes ae 426 
To William BY Lewis; Angs 19.720. S000 00 ER Coc ee ee 427 
John H. Eaton'to Jackson, Alug. ar... Voy Cee ee 428 
Statement’by John Coffees Ang. $8. 430. 2a... en 429 
To Richard M. Johnson, September 20...... 0g ee 431 


Table of Contents XXVii 


PAGE 
Opera Yer lavncdtO el aeKSOre SENET G cmrck cat on aititen seu ny ot So sive awsome de sabes 432 
PRetinitie Ee ia VHeitOmEAESOrs SENET 2O dees ois cea k coo nck sic mele aciend cidui neers 436 
Etup hal wy Nite ROM ACKSOLN Ot aa came cides otic suis Sicireice vn sne sqecn sous ealeegarec 436 
Pom VMI iaty erm Use WAS BOC EMLG Seis cece wc act cumae ews acisiee we ae a uwitle Ah we eroah esis 438 
EbhomacuGatwataderstomacksans Oct. aSc.cs -asuev exch see cs as ca a eatinesGarneninrenna 438 
POM ACHAT Key Galea COCUREO ric cha ics < os: ciale Serve N ois acalelb ajclataels Wale ele kis he a oad = 439 
ACR EES SEONG MC ERED pe ecient iwec nie sins a niece sraic @nlsinis pein eiernnbin/eicase elects oteszie 439 
FLOR Olt COME HOICL MOD ae atc cnirs Gu aie mics ke ces ee ee wicine be Sesh cle we ndedecees 440 
PEO ODN MeO COR CCL ee cate eh ake & Rokn trcldeee x cist mains, « seis Ae Sa hicleninmaieetins cereus 440 
SPepeqOltN (SOEC IN OVe TE cnn nac wnek wae we ene sie a cee aciars 4's + sisiole whe oles calew njers 441 
Aree ee Lane aed ACKSOIM NOV 11S cece cu cap ane vieinw care Saks cbeleme sree eee haere 442 
plu NcusIAG aS AM MAL AMET INOW IO s icin mi victeicys aw ¢ inl etoile en eciae eiehte sje eieraisis sichoeloaiild/s 445 
elie kori vate PACKSOT NOV. 220.206 sie o.6.c,06 06 shares ciasssaiete nate areis AtSialaiw(alRlee @ wreieisiasay 445 
Bl mint (tree NOV=s 2A nae cot iis nibs aisiciais <<, orien = = elclaca melaainperaiatayeRlemrayos dielowta 447 
ete Sa ee OLICEED JACKSON DCC Tao ave cies Se sa eisieiesciaisucsinw sale cisaniee Tats scalelss os 447 
Rawies oee GUC LOR ACK SOM TE IOC a: Soa kis ea) a\a.5 0.5 Zeca essiays ip oparn Riss avareieissa\eSsielapatener’ 448 
IRODETE esha tO FACKSONs DOCS coven ons esares a swiss csi Bila b ours eae isipiaig oars /e olelere S s/eieie 449 
pore AO FO ES s ACKSON, CCN eine este oe p.2 alain oisiesie's siace sisistnisietsieisieioisieielcts c’s:s 449 
[Foriag Eee Oa rotiet og PACKSOt EE aD stele ee Sesciogoe ioleciae ose «isloinicicio seleialsiexs «fore. o°s ohare 450 
Memorandum im Jackson's Handwriting, Dec..9 5 «6 oc:00. «10s <i eines wy vie lo 0s «ldo 451 
Pi Manes ERR ESC ESO a BE ete ie cree nots ote fe aim wings atePolesasy @is//\2 slesensisinieleisisiayefeialeye ele 452 
Renereay stiagrie tL acksors LCC 215s sonics eieials asiniem is ©» aie efelnielelatel oletninleisioferniais' ore 453 
Wipe eiGnie [Boe Oe Ve Sa Re Aa eee deonenicconon ncadguusanocnocacs 454 


Appenaicn Dien Gomer andl Ot aES bre ctniere sieie selec wlate\aislnists sicicis «1ci aie. aie aie 455 


‘ 
. 


es, 


~ 


» 
« 
\ 
iy 
a 
= 
ee 
ea 


gastos 
gee “ia 


aa yy — ty 


LIST OF LETTERS AND PAPERS OF JACKSON FOR THE 
PERIOD JANUARY 1, 1820, TO DECEMBER 31, 1828, 
PRINTED ELSEWHERE THAN IN 
THIS VOLUME. 


Memorial to the Senate. Presented by Rufus King, Feb. 23, 1820. Jackson’s conduct 
of the Seminole War. Annals of Congress, 15 Cong., 2 sess., col. 2300. 

Maj. John H. Eaton to Jackson. Mar. 15, 1820. Discussing Jackson’s memorial on 
the Seminole War. Heiskell, Jackson and Early Tennessee History, III. 150. 

Secretary of War (John C. Calhoun) to Jackson. Wan Department, Mar. 15, 1820. 
Enclosing a report of the Committee on Foreign Relations. American Historical Asso- 
ciation, Annual Report for 1809, II. 171. 

President Monroe to Jackson. Washington, May 23, 1820. Giving his reasons for 
not insisting on obtaining Texas in order to get Florida. Niles’ Register, LXVII. 343. 

Secretary Calhoun to Jackson. War Department, May 25, 1820. Announcing Jackson’s 
appointment as commissioner to treat with the Indians. Heiskell’s Jackson, III. 567. 

Secretary Calhoun to Jackson. War Department, July 12, 1820, On the difficulties of 
locating exactly the land to be given the Choctaws. Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., II. 231. 

Secretary Calhoun to Jackson. War Department, July 12, 1820. Instructions for nego- 
tiating with the Choctaws. Ibid. 

William B. Lewis to Jackson. Nashville, July 15, 1820. Discussing the loan office bill. 
New York Public Library, Bulletin, TV. (1900) 188. 

To William B. Lewis. July 16, 1820. Arguments against the loan office. [bid., p. 180. 

Chief Clerk of the War Department (C. Vandeventer) to Jackson. War Department, 
Aug. 21, 1820, Reporting that a draft for $20,000 has been sent to defray the expenses 
of the Indian negotiations. Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., II. 223. 

To Samuel R. Overton. Nashville, Aug. 24, 1820. Appointing him secretary to the 
commission for treating with the Indians. Ibid., p. 233. 

Memorandum of Jackson, Thomas Hinds, and William Eastin. Nashville, Aug. 31, 1820. 
Eastin’s agreement to furnish all supplies for the Indian negotiations. Ibid., p. 234. 

To the Choctaw Nation. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 3, 1820. Announcing the Presi- 
dent’s desire to furnish lands beyond the Mississippi to all the Choctaws wishing to 
move there. Ibid., p. 235. 

To the Choctaw Nation. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 10, 1820. Urging the advantages 
of treating with the commissioners. Jbid., p. 237. 

To the Choctaw Nation. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 13, 1820, Telling them the 
approximate boundaries of the reservation. Ibid., p. 238. 

To the Choctaw Nation. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 17, 1820. Urging them to 
accept the land beyond the Mississippi. [bid., p. 240. 

Treaty with the Choctaws. Oct. 18, 1820. Exchange of eastern lands for others beyond 
the Mississippi. Ibid., p. 224. 

Cyrus Kingsbury to Jackson. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 18, 1820. Suggesting a 
plan for the education of the Indians. Ibid., p. 232. 

To Secretary Calhoun. Choctaw Treaty Ground, Oct. 19-21, 1820, Announcing the 
terms of the treaty and the amount of the expenses connected with its negotiation. Ibid., 


p. 241. 
To Captain Fenton. Nashville, Feb. 20, 1821. Introducing Lieut. Andrew J. Donelson. 


Heiskell’s Jackson, I. 169. 
President. Monroe to Jackson. Washington, Mar. 10, 1821. Commissions to receive 
possession of the Floridas and to act as governor. Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 751. 
Secretary Calhoun to Jackson. War Department, Mar. 22, 1821. Specific instructions 
for taking over East and West Florida, Am. Hist. Assoc., Annual Report for 1899, II. 181. 


XXix 


xxx Letters and Papers printed elsewhere than in this Volume 


To P. M. Miller. Nashville, Mar. 31, 1821. Concerning the appointment to the gov- 
ernorship of Florida. Gulf States History Magazine, I. (July, 1902) 46. ; 

To the Secretary of State (John Quincy Adams). Nashville, Apr. 2, 1821. Asking 
further instructions about the Indians. Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 755: 

To Secretary Adams. Nashville, Apr. 10, 1821. The constructive meaning of the word 
“ fortifications”. Ibid. 

Beverly Chew (collector at New Orleans) to Jackson. New Orleans, Apr. 26, 1821. 
Stating the impossibility of cashing his draft with the public funds. Ibid., p. 756. 

General Callava to Jackson. Pensacola, May 4, 1821. Still awaiting orders from Cuba. 
Ibid., p. 760. ‘ 

James G. Forbes (commissary and agent under the Florida treaty) to Jackson. Havana, 
May 7, 1821. Communicating assurances he had received that Pensacola would be turned 
over. Ibid., p. 744. 5 

Dr. James C. Bronaugh and Judge Henry M. Brackenridge to Jackson. Blakely, May VP 
1821. Reporting the conditions in Pensacola, including the number of troops there. Ibid.. 
p. 758. . ; 

Colonel James G. Forbes to Jackson. Havana, May 7, 1821. Reporting continued delays. 
Ibid., p. 761. 

To Captain Richard K. Call. Nashville, May 11, 1821. Arrangements for the transfer 
of Florida. C. M. Brevard, History of Florida, I. 260. 

Governor Callava to Jackson. Pensacola, May 16, 1821. Promising to leave as soon 
as he receives the necessary orders. Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 761. 

To Secretary Adams. Montpelier, May 19, 1821. Announcing that he will move to 
Pensacola upon the arrival of the Hornet. Ibid., p. 760. 

To Brig.-Gen. David. B. Morgan. Montpelier, May 19, 1821. On Jackson’s approach 
to Pensacola. Louisiana Historical Society, Publications, vol. I., pt. IIL. p. 40. 

Captain Richard K. Call to Jackson. Montpelier, May 21, 1821. Reporting that prepa- 
rations are being made for the transfer of the Floridas. Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 761. 

Secretary Adams to Jackson. Washington, May 22, 1821. Arrangements for the admini- 
stration of Florida. Jbid., p. 753. 

Secretary Adams to Jackson. Washington, May 23, 1821. Appointments of minor 
officers to be left to Jackson. Jbid., p. 754. 

Secretary Adams to Jackson. Washington, June 7, 1821. On the delay in the transfer 
of Florida. Jbid. 

To Secretary Adams. Montpelier, June 11, 1821. Stating measures adopted to obtain 
Florida. Ibid., p. 763. 
ety o Secretary Adams. Montpelier, June 13. 1821. Acknowledgment of list of appointees. 

ud. 

Ordinances for the government of Pensacola. July 18-26, 1821. Offices created and 
their jurisdiction. Ibid., Misc., II. 904. 

To Secretary Adams. Pensacola, July 18, 1821. Transmitting a procés verbal of the 
delivery of West Florida. Ibid., For. Rel., IV. 764. 

Henry M. Brackenridge to Jackson. Pensacola, July 26, 1821. Describing the duties 
of the office of alcalde. Ibid., Misc., II. 902. 

To Secretary Adams. Pensacola, July 30, 1821. Report of activities in connection with 
Florida. Ibid., p. 806. 

John R. Bell to Jackson. St. Augustine, Aug. 14, 1821. Narrative of events at St. 
Augustine since July 17. Ibid., p. 912. 

Memorandum from the record-book of Jackson, Pensacola, Aug. 16, 1821. Refusal 
to have any communication with Governor Callava through Captain Prieto until the 
supplies furnished the Spanish be delivered. Ibid., p. 813. 

Secretary Adams to Jackson. Washington, Aug. 20, 1821. Asking information for use 
of Congress in legislating for Florida. Ibid., For. Rel., IV. 754. 

1st M. Brackenridge to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 21, 1821. Reporting necessary docu- 
ments in the possession of one Sousa. Jbid., Misc., II. 802; id., For. Rel., IV. 779. 


> 


To Lieutenant Mountz. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. Order to arrest Colonel Call 
Fullarat. Ibid., Misc., I. 805; id., For Rel., IV. 782. BS Velaaoens 


To Captain F. L. Dade. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. Order t 
Fonarae: Tow ete. g rder to arrest Colonel Callava and 


Letters and Papers printed elsewhere than in this Volume xxxi 


To Colonel George M. Brooke. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. Order to furnish troops to 
arrest Colonel Callava and Fullarat. Jbid., p. 805; id., For. Rel., IV. 781. 

To Colonel Robert Butler and Colonel John Miller. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. Order 
to seize Sousa and obtain the Vidal Papers. Ibid., Misc., II. 804. 

John Miller, H. M. Brackenridge, and George Walton to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 
ap Description of the papers in the possession of Sousa. Ibid., p. 802; id., For. Rel., 

- 779. 

To Colonel Robert Butler and Dr. James C. Bronaugh. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. Order 
to arrest Callava should he refuse to deliver the papers. Jbid., Misc., II. 805. 

Colonel Robert Butler and Dn James C. Bronaugh to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821. 
Reporting the arrest of Callava. Ibid., p. 806. 

George Walton, John Miller, D. Shannon, and T. Brownjohn to Jackson. Pensacola, 
Aug. 23, 1821. Delivery of papers and documents found in Callava’s dwellin . 12d. 0. 808. 

Search Warrant. Pensacola, Aug. 23, 1821. Authorizing a search of te property in 
the hands of Antoine Fullarat for the Vidal Papers. Ibid. 

Order. Pensacola, Aug. 23, 1821. Discharge of Colonel Callava, Domingo Sousa, and 
Antoine Fullarat from arrest. Ibid., p. 809. 

Order. Pensacola, Aug. 23, 1821. Arrest of Judge Fromentin. Jbid., pp. 810, 812. 

Henry M. Brackenridge to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 24, 1821. The Vidal Papers. 
Ibid., p. 811. 

Lieutenant Mountz to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 24, 1821. Ibid., pp. 810, 822. 

Officer of the day (P. Wager) to Jackson. Pensacola, Aug. 24, 1821. Announcing the 
release of Domingo Sousa, José Callava, and Antoine Fullarat. Ibid., p. 800. 

To Judge Eligius Fromentin. Pensacola, Aug. 25, 1821. On the issue of a writ of 
habeas corpus. Ibid., p. 842. 

Petition of Mercedes Vidal to Jackson. Pensacola, [ca. Aug. 28, 1821]. Debts owing 
her father. /bid., pp. 850, 851. 

Order. Pensacola, Aug. 28, 1821. Appearance of John Innerarity before him. Jbid., 

. 850. 
i To Judge Eligius Fromentin. Pensacola, Sept. 3, 1821. Indignation at the judge’s 
“falsehood”. Ibid., pp. 819, 842; National Intelligencer, Sept. 4, 1828; National Journal, 
Sept. 18, 1828. 

Dr. James C. Bronaugh, Robert Butler, and E. A. Rutledge to Jackson. Pensacola, 
Sept. 3, 1821. Certificate that Judge Fromentin had apologized. Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 
821-822, 842-843. 

Judge Eligius Fromentin to Jackson. Pensacola, Sept. 3, 1821. Denial of an apology. 
Ibid., pp. 820, 843. 

To Judge Eligius Fromentin. Pensacola, Sept. 3, 1821. Offering proof that Fromentin 
had apologized. IJbid., p. 820. 

Judge Eligius Fromentin to Jackson. Pensacola, Sept. 3, 1821. Asking that he con- 
tradict all rumors of an apology. Jbid., pp. 820, 842. 

Order. Executive Chamber, Sept. 6, 1821. Delay in the case of Heirs of N. M. Vidal 
v. John Innerarity. Ibid., p. 854. 

To Secretary Adams. Pensacola (received Sept. 10, 1821). Suspicious land-grants 
made by Spanish governors. Ibid., p. 908. 

To Secretary Calhoun. Pensacola, Sept. 17, 1821. Relations with Indians in Florida. 
Ibid., p. O11. 

est Mountz to Jackson. Pensacola, Sept. 24, 1821. Describing arrest and 
release of Colonel Callava. Ibid., p. 823. 

Captain F. L. Dade to Jackson. Pensaco"», Sept. 25, 1821. Describing the arrest of 


Domingo Sousa. Jbid., p. 824. é 2 
Proclamation. Pensacola, Sept. 29, 1821. Ordering certain Spanish officers to leave 
Florida. Ibid., p. 813. i Ass 
To Secretary Adams. Pensacola, Oct. 6, 1821. Indian affairs in Florida. [bid., p. 909. 
To Henry M. Brackenridge. Manuel’s, Oct. 8, 1821. Asking which office in Florida 
he would prefer. United States Telegraph, Apr. 17, 1832. 4 
To Henry M. Brackenridge. Hermitage, Nov. 3, 1821. On Florida affairs. Parton’s 


Jackson, II. 639. 


xxxii Letters and Papers printed elsewhere than in this Volume 


W. G. D. Worthington (secretary and acting governor of East Florida) to Jackson. 
St. Augustine, Nov. 9, 1821. Effort to carry out Jackson’s wishes. Am. St. Pap., For. 
Rel., IV. 799. ag : : 

Andrew J. Donelson to Jackson. Nashville, Nov. 12, 1821. Description of interview 
between Jackson and Fromentin. [bid., Misc., II. 822. ; ; 

William Reynolds to Jackson. St. Augustine, Nov. 13, 1821. Explanation of delay in 
sending documents. Ibid., For. Rel., IV. 799. J , 

To Henry M. Brackenridge. Hermitage, Nov. 22, 1821. Promise of commendation 
to President Monroe. United States Telegraph, Apr. 17, 1832. 

Secretary Adams to Jackson. State Department, Jan. 1, 1822. Asking for the grounds 
on which Jackson seized papers in Florida. Am. St. Pap., Misc., 11. 832. 

Colonel George Walton to Jackson. Pensacola, Jan. 7, 1822. Duties of governor. Ibid., 
For. Rel., IV. 800. 

Colonel Robert Butler to Jackson. Hermitage, Jan. 21, 1822. Delivery of archives of 
Florida. Ibid., p. 798. 

To Secretary Adams. Nashville, Jan. 22, 1822. Reasons for seizure of documents. 
Ibid., p. 793. 

To William B. Lewis. Hermitage, Mar. 19, 1822. Jurisdiction of Judge Fromentin. 
New York Public Library, Bulletin, 1V. tot. 

To William B. Lewis. Hermitage, July 1, 1822. On the sword voted Jackson. Jbid., 
p. 192. 

Reply to Governor Carroll. July 4, 1822. Upon receiving sword for services in the War 
of 1812. Heiskell’s Jackson, I. 570. 

To Dr. James C. Bronaugh. Hermitage, Aug. 1, 1822. On the nomination for the 
presidency. Ibid., III. 158. 

To the Dauphin County Committee. Feb. 23, 1823. On the nomination for the presi- 
dency. Ibid., I. 574. 

To a gentleman in Mississippi. Hermitage, Mar. 23, 1823. On declining the Mexican 
mission. Ibid., p. 571. 

To Edward Livingston. Hermitage, Mar. 24, 1823. Explaining the refusal of the 
Mexican mission. Jbid., III. 76. 

To John McKee. Hermitage, Apr. 14, 1823. Commending his candidacy for Congress. 
National Journal, May 17, 1827. 


To J. G. M. Ramsay. Hermitage, June 14, 1823. On the Mecklenburg convention. 
Heiskell’s Jackson, II. 1109. 


Abram Maury to Jackson. Murfreesborough, Sept. 20, 1823. On the senatorial can- 
didacy. Ibid., I. 572. 

To Abram Maury. Hermitage, Sept. 21, 1823. On nomination for the senatorship. 
Ibid., p. 573. 

To Mrs. Jackson. Staunton, Nov. 28, 1823. Discomforts of his journey. Jbid., III. 280. 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Dec. 7, 1823. Approval of the President’s message. 
New York Public Library, Bulletin, [V. 193. 

To Samuel Swartwout. Washington, Dec. 16, 1823. On the nomination for the presi- 
dency. American Antiquarian Society, Proceedings, n.s., XXXI. 74. 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Dec. 22, 1823. On his accounts. New York Public 
Library, Bulletin, IV. 103. 

William Robinson to Jackson. Sudley, Va., Jan. 8, 1824. Presenting pistols given to 
Washington by Lafayette. United States Telegraph, June 11, 1828. 

To William Robinson. Washington, Jan. 8, 1824. Accepting the pistols. Ibid, 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Feb. 22, 1824. Opinion of the activities of Mr. 
Sahn friends. New York Public Library, Bulletin, IV. 194; Parton’s Jackson, 

. 40. 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Mar. 31, 1824. On the presidential election. Ibid. 
p. 41; New York Public Library, Bulletin, IV. 195. ; 

To Mrs. Jackson. Washington, Apr. 2, 1824. On his delay in Washington because of 
the tariff. Heiskell’s Jackson, III. 290. 


ie Colonel George Wilson. Washington, Apr. 17, 1824. On the tariff. Parton’s Jackson, 
. 42, 


Letters and Papers printed elsewhere than in this Volume xxxiii 


Dr. L. H. Coleman to Jackson. Warrenton, Apr. 21, 1824. Asking his views on the 
tariff. [bid., IIT. 34. 

To Dr. L. H. Coleman. Washington, Apr. 29, 1824. Jackson’s nomination for the 
presidency. Heiskell’s Jackson, III. 60. 

“ia Mrs. Jackson. Washington, May 5, 1824. Delay caused by tariff continues. Ibid., 

- 393- 

To W. B. Lewis. Washington, May 7, 1824. Jackson’s views on tariff. New York 
Public Library, Bulletin, IV. 106. 

To Mrs. Jackson. Washington, May 19, 1824. Congressional activities detain Jackson. 
Heiskell’s Jackson, III. 290. 

To the public. July 18, 1824. Reply to Clay’s statement on the alleged bargain with 
Adams. Niles’ Register, XXXII. 399. 

To Colonel George Wilson. Hermitage, Aug. 13, 1824. Refusing to answer Mr. 
Ritchie’s slander. Parton’s Jackson, III. 43. 

To S. Simpson. Hermitage, Aug. 18, 1824. Introducing John H. Lewis. United States 
Telegraph, Dec. 2, 1831. 

Isaac Shelby to Jackson. Danville, Sept. 1, 1824. On the standing of Maj. David Smith. 
Ibid., Nov. 24, 1828. 

Tc Samuel Swartwout. Hermitage, Sept. 27, 1824. Denying that he had taken steps to 
withdraw his name from the candidacy. American Antiquarian Society, Proceedings, 
n.s., XXXI. 77. 

John N. Moulder, Matthew Hines, William O’Neale, William P. Gardiner, Samuel 
Hines, Robert Ellis to Jackson. Washington, Jan. 8, 1825. Praising his victory at New 
Orleans. National Journal, Jan. 13, 1825. 

To Messrs: John N. Moulder, Matthew Hines, William O’Neale, William P. Gardiner, 
Samuel Hines, Robert Ellis. Washington, Jan. 8, 1825. Thanking them for their address. 
Ibid. 

To William B. Lewis. Senate Chamber, Jan. 21, 1825. On the coming election. New 
York Public Library, Bulletin, IV. 106. 

To William B. Lewis. Senate Chamber, Jan. 24, 1825. Expressing his pleasure at 
retiring to Hermitage. Ibid., p. 197. 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Jan. 29, 1825. On Clay’s corruption. Ibid. 

Samuel Swartwout, John Conrad, William Robinson, J. O. Hanlon to Jackson. Wash- 
ington, Feb. 10, 1825. Inviting him to an entertainment. National Intelligencer, Feb. 12, 
1825; Am. Antiq. Soc., Proceedings, n. s, XXXI. 79. 

To Samuel Swartwout, J. Conrad, William Robinson, J. O. Hanlon. Washington, Feb. 
10, 1825. Declining to attend public entertainment. Ibid.; National Intelligencer, Feb. 
12, 1825. 

Samuel Swartwout to Jackson. New York, Feb. 18, 1825. Congratulating him on his 
conduct in the recent election. American Antiquarian Society, Proceedings, n. s., XX XI. 80. 

To Colonel George Wilson. Washington, Feb. 20, 1825. Charging Clay with bribery. 
Heiskell’s Jackson, I. 608; Parton’s Jackson, III. 72; American Historical Magazine, 
IV. (1899) 230. 

To William B. Lewis. Washington, Feb. 20, 1825. On the election.. Parton’s 
Jackson, III. 73. 

Robert O. Henry, T. P. Moore, J. T. Johnson, C. A. Wickliffe to Jackson. House of 
Representatives, Feb. 22, 1825. Asking him to correct a report that he had maligned 
Kentucky politics. National Intelligencer, Mar. 23, 1825. 

To Messrs. Robert O. Henry, T. P. Moore, J. T. Johnson, C. A. Wickliffe. Washington, 
Feb. 22, 1825. Denying the report. Ibid. 

To Samuel Swartwout. Washington, Feb. 23, 1825. Attacking Clay’s letter to Judge 
Brooke. IJbid., Mar. 9, 1825. ; 

Hector Craig to Jackson. Washington, Mar. 2, 1825. Presenting a complimentary 
suit of clothes. United States Telegraph, Aug. 20, 1827. 

To Hector Craig. Washington, Mar. 2, 1825. Declining present of a suit of clothes. 
Ibid. 

To Gen. Joseph G. Swift. Washington, Mar. 8, 1825. Regret that he could not attend 
a dinner. National Intelligencer, Mar. 28, 1825. 


3 


xxxiv Letters and Papers printed elsewhere than in this Volume 


Resignation from U. S. Senate. Oct. 28, 1925. Heiskell’s Jackson, III. 62. 

To Richard K. Call. Hermitage, Mar. 9, 1826. On Adams’s policy as President. 
American Historical Magazine, IV. (1899) 101. 

To a gentleman in Baltimore. Hermitage, Sept. 4, 1826. Execution of the six militia 
men in 1815. Niles’ Register, XXXII. 282; Parton’s Jackson, II. 296; National Intelli- 
gencer, June 15, 1827; Baltimore Republican, June 11, 1827. 

To Colonel George Wilson. Hermitage, Jan. 4, 1827. Replying to charges of violence. 
Parton’s Jackson, II. 571. 

To J. G. M. Ramsay. Hermitage, Jan. 15, 1827. Mecklenburg convention. Heiskell’s 
Jackson, II. 120. 

To Martin Van Buren. Hermitage, Mar. 30, 1827. Dangers of an oversupply of paper 
money. Jbid., III. 509. 

To Carter Beverly. Mar., 1827. Alleged bargain of Clay and Adams. Parton’s 
Jackson, II. 112. 

H. Johnson (governor of Louisiana) to Jackson. New Orleans, Mar. 31, 1827. 
Invitation to celebration of the victory of New Orleans. United States Telegraph, 
May 24, 1827; National Intelligencer, May 25, 1827. 

To Governor H. Johnson. Nashville, Apr. 13, 1827. Accepting invitation to celebration 
of victory of New Orleans. Ibid.; United States Telegraph, May 24, 1827. 

To Dr. Ely. Hermitage, July 12, 1827. On true religion. Heiskell’s Jackson, II. 406. 

To the public. Hermitage, July 18, 1827. Reply to Clay’s denial of his accusations. 
United States Telegraph, Aug. 9, 1827. 

Committee of citizens of Frankfort to Jackson. Frankfort, Aug. 7, 1827. Invitation to 
dinner. Heiskell’s Jackson, I. 570. 

_Toacommittee of citizens of Frankfort. Hermitage, Sept. 4, 1827. Acceptance of invita- 
tion to dinner. Jbid., p. 580. 

To the mayor of New York. No place, ne date. Appreciation of the honor of being 
admitted to the freedom of the city. United States Telegraph, Nov. 7, 1827. 

To Felix Grundy. Nashville Inn, Nov. 15, 1827. Denying an alleged conversation with 
Commodore Decatur in 1819. Ibid., Dec. 13, 1827; National Journal, Dec. 13, 1827. 

To James B. Ray (governor of Indiana). Hermitage, Feb. 28, 1828. Expressing his 
views on the tariff and on internal improvements. National Intelligencer, Apr. 29, 1828. 

W. P. Anderson to Jackson. Craggy Hope, Oct. 24, 1828. On the Dickinson duel. 
Heiskell’s Jackson, II. 455. 

Hall and Fitzgerald (editors of the Nashville Republican) to Jackson. Nashville, Oct. 
29, 1828. Asking for information on an alleged conversation between Jackson and Col 
Leslie Combs. United States Telegraph, Nov. 24, 1828. 

To Hall and Fitzgerald. Hermitage, Oct. 31 : i 
with Col. Leslie Combs. bid. g 2 ee ee 
Fics eae hes to Jackson. Nov. 15, 1828. Controverting the preceding, National 


CORRESPONDENCE OF ANDREW JACKSON 


To Epwarp LivIncsTon.? 


NASHVILLE, January 7, 1820. 

Dr Sir, I have this moment rec’d yours of the 23rd ult. and by this 
days mail forward to the Sec. of the Navy a letter on the subject of our 
young friend Gaston Davazac.? I hope it may be of service to him. 

What congress may do on the subject of our affairs with Spain is quite 
uncertain—our national charector as well as to obtain Justice from Spain 
requires energetic and prompt measures— but whether there are a ma- 
jority in congress who are operated upon by motives of public good is 
doubtfull—self agrandizement and popularity appears to have the sway 
and may predominate. For myself I have long been wearied with public 
life, and wished to see the moment arive when I could retire without 
censure. I have lately rec’d a request that I should suspend my determina- 
tion to resign for the present—this is made with a view and expectation 
that congress will adopt a course honourable to the nation. The Executive 
is firm—but the fear of a combination of the great continental powers 
in urope, and the injury that might result to our commerce from Vessells 
crusing under the Spanish flag appear to paralize us, for my part if we 
are to be in a state of disguised Vasalage and I would as leave have it 
open and direct, and support our national independence as long as the 
power remained. I would be free and independent or the acknowledged 
slave. I have only to remark on the subject of the report of a majority 
of the committee of the Senate,* that I have forwarded my answer thereto 
with ample documents to shew its falshood and wickedness, and that of 
its authors. This question as it appears to me has become a national one, 
the Mover of this thing does not want it stirred, investigation would 
bring the falshoods the report contains out before the public. They want 
therefore not to stir it—but as long as it remains in its present state, it 
may be called up, when I am not prepared to meet it. Therefore as I fear 
not investigation have urged my friends to present my answer with the 
documents and urge a decision. 

I feel gratefull to my friends in Orleans for there remembrance of me, 
and celebrating the day that really gave safety to their city—remember 
me affectionately to them. 

I have felt some anxiety on the subject of the pair of horses, sent by 
Gilmore—he promised to write me—he has not—have the reached New- 


orleans in good order. 


1 From the collection of the letters and papers of Edward Livingston, preserved at his 
former residence, Montgomery Place, Barrytown, N. Y.; printed by the kind permission 
of Brigadier-General John Ross Delafield. : as : 

2 A relative of Mrs. Livingston. He was appointed midshipman in the navy Feb. 17, 1820, 


and resigned Jan. 10, 1821. : 
3 The 1epore of Lacock’s committee, Feb. 24, 1819; see vol. II., p. 416, note. 


2 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Present me affectionately to your lady and family, say to your son 
Lewis, I have wrote to the President for a commission for him to enable 
me if actively employed to have him near me and if possible one of my 
family. If I should take the field, it will afford me pleasure to have you 
with me. Iam Sir with due reguard and respect yr mo. ob. serv. 


To THE SECRETARY OF War (JoHN C. CaLHouN).* 


NASHVILLE, January 10, 1820. 

Sir, Yours of the 24th Ult. reached me by yesterdays Mail and with 
the promptness required I hasten to answer it. On the receipt of the con- 
fidential communication from the Department of War, bearing date the 
27th Nover. Ordexs were given to concentrate the Troops of my Divi- 
sion at the following Points (viz) The 1st Regt. of Infant[ry] at Baton 
Rouge, the 4th Regt. at Montpelier (which is intended as the place of 
general Rendzevous) the 7th Regt. at Fort Scott, and the 8th Regt. at 
the Bay of St. Louis, except the Detachment employed on the Military 
Road which will be ordered to Montpelier. 

Finding from yours of the 24th Ult. that it is the wish of the President 
to carry in to effect [the] object of the Campaign, with the Regular 
force only with out the aid of militia, my plan of the Campaign shall be 
confined to the opperations of the Regular forces only; and I am clearly 
of opinion that to obtain success it will require the disposable force of 
my Division and the reenforcement of the Light Artillery and 2d Regt. 
of Infantry to be concentrated and this force will not be competent to 
make a simultanious attack on Barrancas and St Augustine with certainty 
of success. 

The Battalions of Artillery in my Division will not be more than suffi- 
cient to Garrison the Forts on the Frontier. It will not be prudent to 
leave New Orleans and its dependencies with out defence. St. Philips 
the fortress on which its security depends, must be strongly Garrisoned, 
we ought to calculate that the disposable force at Cuba will be employed 
in such manner by Spain as she may think best calculated to defend her 
Fortresses and give us annoyance; and if New-Orleans is left in a de- 
fenceless situation it may be invaded by the Spaniards with a view of 
drawing our forces from the Barrancas. Therefore as in all my move- 
ments I have “looked behind me as well as before”, I am of Opinion 
that two Companies of Artillery should be left at St. Philips and one at 
St. Johns and Petite Coquille. Fort Gadsden must be maintained and 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, pp. 191, 157. It is evident that n 

thoroughly informed of the military situation in his division could seen oe eer ene! 
as this in a day’s time. Secretary Calhoun’s letter of Dec. 24, 1819, is printed, from the 
confidential files of the War Department, in the Correspondence of John c Calhoun 
(Am. Hist. Assoc., Annual Report for 1899, vol. II.), p. 165. That of Nov. 27 seems not 
to have been found. The King of Spain’s delay in ratifying the Florida treaty of Feb. 22 
1819, was so disturbing to President and Cabinet that, in his annual message of Dec. 7 
1819, President Monroe had “submitted to the consideration of Congress whether it will 
not be proper for the United States to carry the conditions of the treaty into effect in the 
same manner as if it had been ratified by Spain”, i. e., to take possession of Florida, but 
had suggested that the President might be given authority to suspend execution of such act 
pending the arrival of the new envoy whom Spain was sending. Hence the milita: 

preparations. See also Calhoun to Adams, Dec. 22, ibid., p. 164. od 


January, 1820 3 


being left destitute of succour for a while its Garrison should remain com- 
plete, which will require two Companies, in order to give security to the 
Post, and hold the Indians and the Garrison of St. Marks in check.? 
The Post of Norfolk and its dependencies will require two Companies, 
to preserve the Public property. The Harbour of Charleston will require 
one Company, Point Peter and Amelia Island two Companies, and if the 
Supplies and the munitions of War for the reduction of St. Augustine, 
should be deposited at the latter Post a 3d Company will be required.* 
Fort Scott must be maintained by a Small Garrison if the 7th Regiment 
is with drawn, to protect the Public property, to hold out a shew of sup- 
port to Fort Gadsden, and keep down Indian hostility on the Frontier 
of Georgia and the Alabama. Mobile and Mobile Point will require a 
Garrison of one Company. 

From this disposition you will find that the Artillery can not be 
employed in the field without their places being supplied in Garrison by 
an equal number of Infantry. From the delay which must necessarily be 
attendant on a debate of this subject in Congress, Spain will have full 
notice of our movements and intentions in relation to the Campaign; We 
can not therefore calculate on effecting much by forced marches and 
secret movements. We must depend on our own resorces to effect the 
object and expect an obstinate defence by the Garrisons of Spain. The 
forces in my Division which may be employed in active Opperations are 
the effective of the Ist, 4th, 7th, and 8th Regiments of Infantry, which 
from the last returns will form an aggregate of 1568, from which we 
cannot calculate an effective force in the field of more than 1000 or 
twelve hundred men. 

The Garrisons of Pensacola and Barrancas if not reenforced may be 
estimated at 500 regulars and 300 militia which will make an effective 
force of 800 men. The Barrancas is a strong Fortress and the Spaniards 
have been for some time and are now engaged in adding to its defence. 
They have recently erected an auxillery Battery, on the position occupied 
by our 9 Pd. Battery when the Barrancas was taken in 1818. 

The Works of the Barrancas are calculated for a Garrison of 350 men. 
St. Augustine is one of the strongest Fortress in the World with the 
exception of Quebeck and Gibraltar, its works however if not repaired 
are in a state of decay but its local situation adds greatly to its strength. 
If not lately reenforced its Garrison may be estimated at 500 Regulars, 
and 300 Militia, in addition to this force we may calculate on 300 Negroes 
and as many Indians as can be seduced by Spanish bribes and persuasions. 
I think the aggregate force of Regulars, Militia, Indians and Negroes, 
may be estimated at 1700, which if brave, and gallantly commanded 
would be able to defend it against 2000 best Troops of any Nation. 


2 Fort St. Philip stood 70 miles down the Mississippi from New Orleans, Fort St. John 
on Lake Pontchartrain, six miles north of the city, at the mouth of the Bayou St. Jean, 
Petite Coquille 25 miles east, at the outlet of Lake Pontchartrain. Fort Gadsden, in 
Florida, had been built by Jackson in 1818 (Am. St. Pap., Mil. Aff., I. 698), on the site 
of the Negro Fort, on the east bank of the Apalachicola, some fifteen miles above its 
mouth. 

3 Point Peter was in Georgia; for Amelia Island see vol. II., p. 346. Fort Scott was on 
the east side of the Flint River, in southern Georgia, just above the Florida line. 


4 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


St Marks is a strong place. its defence was not complete at the time 
of it[s] capture but our Troops added greatly to its strength, it is Gar- 
risoned by 250 men and if well defended it will cost many lives to take 
it by Storm, it is situated on the extremity of the point formed by the 
confluence of the St. Marks and Warcollas* Rivers. A Ditch of con- 
siderable width and depth unites the two Rivers in its rear, and by the 
waters of which its base is washed on every Side. Its walls are built of 
Stone and where completed, are thirty feet high. this must be taken by 
stratigim or regular Siege, it would cost a thousand lives if well defended 
to take it by Storm. 

From this view of the Subject and to effect the object of the Campaign 
with out disaster, My plan of Campaign is, to leave the 7th Regt. at Fort 
Scott, to cover fort Gadsden and over-awe the Indians and the Garrison 
of St. Marks. The Troops of the Northern Division to be landed at 
Blakely on the Mobile Bay® and marched from thence to Fort Mont- 
gomery ° where they will be joined by the Ist, 4th, and 8th Regiments 
of the Southern Division and march immediately to invest Pensacola and 
Barrancas, after the reduction of which the whole force with the excep- 
tion of a sufficient Garrison for these posts, will be reembarked on board 
of the Transports and Sail for the Bay of Apalachicola, from whence a 
part of the force will be Ordered to Fort Gadsden to unite with the 7th 
Regiment, which will be ordered to that Post after the reduction of 
Pensacola. this force when united will march a cross the Country and 
invest St. Marks in the rear, with a view of cuting off all communication 
with the Indians, should they be disposed to aid the Garrison; while the 
remainder of the Troops, with the Supplies, and Ordnance and Ordnance 
Stores, will be conveyed to the Bay of St. Marks. A Strong Naval escort 
will be required for the protection of our Transports and may be ad- 
vantageously employed in the reduction of St. Marks and St. Augustine. 
After the reduction of St. Marks it will be occupied by a sufficient Gar- 
rison and the remaining force will Sail immediately for St. Augustine. 
Thus by attacking the Posts in detail, I hope our concentrated force will 
be adequate to their Speedy reduction. Should this plan be approved, it 
will be necessary to place in Depot at New Orleans 200,000 Rations, with 
Transportation in readiness to convey them to any point, where they 
may be required. Transportation for the 1st and 8th Regts. from New 
Orleans and the Bay of St. Louis, and for part of the 4th and 7th from 
Pensacola and St. Marks will be also required. The Ordnance and Ord- 
nance Stores estimated for the reduction of Pensacola and Barrancas 
should be transported to the Bay of Mobile at the time the Troops land 
at Blakely ; but it is not contemplated to transport by land more than 15 
days Rations for the Army; and none of the Ordnance and Ordnance 
Stores except the 2 12 Pds. and two Howitzers with fifty rounds of 


4 Wakulla. 


5 A new town, rapidly growing, at the mouth of the Tensas, across the bay from Mobil 
See McMaster, Hist. of the United States, IV. 395. ti 


® On the east side of the Alabama River, just above its junction with the Tombigbee. 


January, 1820 5 


Ammunition for each. The heavey Ordnance should remain on board 
the Vessels which may be safely anchored in the Bay of Mobile until 
the Barrancas is invested, after which the supplies of every kind, may 
be transported to and landed at the mouth of the grand Lagoon near the 
Barrancas from whence they can be conveyed with little labour to the 
positions where they will be required. 

I deem it necessary for a Depot of 200,000 Rations to be established, 
at Savanah, St. Maries or Amelia Island, the latter would be the most 
convenient point but the Deposite should not be made at that place, unless 
the Strength of the Garrison and Fortress, will inssure its protection, for 
if the Governor of St. Augustine is a military man he would hazard much 
in order to destroy our Supplies. 

The accompaning Doccument (A) is an estimate of Ordnance and 
Ordnance Stores required for the reduction of Pensacola, Barrancas and 
St. Marks. For the necessary supplies to be employed against St. Augus- 
tine I refer you to the requisition of General Gaines. I think it an ample 
supply, and it should be deposited with the Rations at a point from whence 
it may be conveniently transported to St. Augustine. Doccument (B) con- 
tains an estimate of the Teams which will be required at Blakely for the 
Transportation of the Field Artillery and ammunition and which it is 
supposed will be sufficient to remove the heavy Artillery from the point 
of disembarcation to the Position it will occupy in Battery. It is: how- 
ever requested that a large contingent fund may be placed in the hands of 
the Quarter master to furnish an additional supply should a deficiency 
exist. It is impossible at present to form an estimate of the Teams 
which will be necessary to transport the Ordnance and Ordnance Stores 
to St. Augustine, as it must depend entirely on the point of Landing; if we 
can succeed in carying Fort Matanzies* at the Southern extremity of St. 
Anastatia Island and effecting a passage up the South River, we can 
invest the Fortress without transporting our Ordnance more than three 
miles by land which will be an emence saving of time, money, and Labour. 
But if this cannot be effected we shall be compelled to land at the mouth 
of the St. Johns River from whence to St. Augustine we shall have a 
land transportation of 41 miles. I wish ample funds to be placed in the 
hands of the Quarter Master to supply any contingency, and particularly 
to furnish such transportation as may be deemed necessary on our ar- 
rival at St. Augustine. I would recommend that the Transpo[r]tation 
which brings round the Troops from the North should not be discharged 
on landing them at Blakely but be held in readiness for the reembarcation 
of the Troops at the Barran[ca]s after the reduction of that place. I have 
made a requisition for 200000 Rations from a calculation that I might 
be 75 days employed in the reduction of the Spanish Posts west of Cape 
Florida; but with the Smiles of Heaven I hope not to be half that time 
engaged, and our movements and Opperations will be greatly facilitated 
by having vessels ready for our transportation from Post to post as soon 
as our work is completed. 


7 Matanzas. 


6 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Should it be found that Vessels cannot enter the grand Lagoon as 
proposed in this place we shall be compelled to transport our Ordnance 
by land from the Bay of Mobile, which will require a greater number of 
Teams than that mentioned in my estimate. I am of opinion that light 
Vessels can enter the Lagoon with little difficulty; but for information 
on this subject I refer you to Col. Gibson* who I believe is well 
acquainted with it. 

I have the Honour to be Very Respectfully 


PS for more particular information relative to the Strength of the 
Southern Division, I refer you to the report of my Adjt. General for 
the quarter ending 31st Oct 1819. 


AFFIDAVIT OF JOHN DONELSON, JR. 


STATE OF ALABAMA, January I3, 1820. 

Some time in the month of December Eighteen hundred and Seven- 
teen, a company was made up in the town of Nashville, for the purpose 
of purchasing lots in the town of Pensacola; said company consisted of 
the following persons (viz) James Jackson senr., James Jackson Junr., 
John Jackson, John McCrea, John C. McLemore, John H Eaton, Thomas 
Childress and John Donelson Junr. and I John Donelson Junr. was chosen 
by said company to go on to Pensacola and make the purchases; previous 
to my going I applyed to Major Genl. A. Jackson to get letters of intro- 
duction to some person or persons in Pensacola, being then in a delicate 
state of health I told him if the climate agreed with me that I would wish 
to remain there for some time, and if Pleased with the country, would 
want to make some purchases of lots in Pensacola, he replyed that he 
would give me a letter of introduction to the Govenor, and made out one 
accordingly, which I delivered to the Govenor of Pensacola upon my 
arrival at that place. 

Having been informed that Col. William P. Anderson + had obtained a 
copy of said letter through some intention of endeavouring to injure the 
character and standing of Genl. Jackson, that the truth may be known and 
that Justice may be done to Major Genl. A. Jackson, I therefore depose, 
set forth, and declare that the said letter was written through motives of 
friendship alone, and by special request, and not through any interested 
motives, so far as comes within my knowledge; and that the above named 
eight persons are the only ones that I have ever known as being originally 
concerned in said speculation, and that it was set on foot by James Jack- 
son senr. and John H. Eaton and that the probabilities then held out 
rested entirely upon the negotiations which were then about to take place 
with the Spanish Government; and that at the time I set out I had no 
knowledge of a campaign into Florida nor received no such information 
untill the evening before I left Pensacola which was sometime in the 
month of February 1818. I do further depose, set forth, and declare, that 
I do not believe that Genl. Jackson is or ever has been either directly or 


8 Col. George Gibson, commissary generai of subsistence. 
1 Colonel 24th Infantry 1812-1815. 


January, 1820 if 


indirectly interested in said speculation or that he is or ever was either 
directly or indirectly to receive any profit or advantage from said specu- 
lation ; and that he did not advance me any funds for the purpose of pur- 
chasing property in the Floridas either Jointly or individually 


sworn to and subscribed before me this 13th day of January 1820? 


Hucu CAMPBELL J. P [Seal] 
For Lauderdal County 
Alabama State 


To THE PRESIDENT (JAMES Monroe).* 


HERMITAGE, January 15, 1820. 
Private 

Dear Sir. Your friendly letter of the 12th ult reached me in due course 
of mail, and it should have recd an earlier answer, but at the time it came 
to hand I was much engaged in endeavouring to restore some kind of 
order in the 7th M Dept which was almost in a state of perfect disorgani- 
zation. I sincerely regret that Genl Ripley * could so far forget his duty 
as a military man as to suffer his command to be in such a state as I find it. 
It will soon regain its former respectability, a remedy has been applied 
and Genl Bissell * who is now in command has taken prompt measures, 
to place the 7th Military Department on a respectable standing. 

I had the pleasure to receive the message you enclosed. Should Con- 
gress support you in your measures, we will soon have indemnity and 
peace with Spain. If the[y] do not, our national character will receive a 
wound that will not shortly be healed, and the nation will not support 
Congress on this event. 

I have no doubt but Spain will attempt to hold out threats and attempt 
to paralize the nation by threats of foreign alliance. I trust Congress will 
prove true to the nation and support its Character, for the moment it is 
discovered, that we hesitate to do ourselves Justice and repell the national 
insult offered to us by the perfidy of Spain, it will be construed, that our 
forbearence originates from a fear of the combined powers, and her in- 
sults will be multiplied. after suffering many degradations we will have 
to do ourselves Justice by force. A prompt and manly stand gives us Jus- 
tice and prevents war. The Uropean powers cannot interfere, so long as 
we are only seeking Justice and carrying into effect that Treaty, that 
Spain in good faith had become bound to ratify. Nay more agreable to 
the usages of nations, bottomed upon national law we have a right to in- 
demnify ourselves, not only to the amount of injury sustained but also 
for the insult offered and perfidy used towards us. I hope Congress will 
act with energy and consistant with what is due to our standing as a 
nation. 


2This statement is supported by the affidavits of James Jackson, jr., and Thomas 
‘Childress. Jackson MSS., dated Jan. 12, 1820. 

1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Monroe MSS. 

2 Brevet Maj.-Gen. Eleazer W. Ripley. Resigned from the army Feb. 1, 1820. 

3 Col. Daniel Bissell, rst Infantry, brevet brigadier-general. 


8 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I have read with attention the correspondence of Mr Forsyth with the 
Spanish ministers,‘ I have read it with regret. I have read the late report 
of the Sec of the Treasury, I have read it with regret. There does ap- 
pear to me to be a systematic combination between them, that it appears 
to me that there is an intention in those two things to strike deeply at you 
and Mr Calhoun, you will pardon me for this Sugestion, and apply it as 
you think it ought, the sugestion proceeds from a sincere friendship for 
you both, the Lethergy that would seem to prevade congress on this im- 
portant national subject hightens my suspicion that a secrete blow is in- 
tended, and the engine of intrigue is secretely at work. It will be insisted 
by those oppose to you that the state of the finance will not permit the 
nation to do any act that may involve them in war, it will be urged by 
others that it was the indiscretion of Mr Forsythe that caused the King 
of Spain to withold his ratification etc. etc. without further comment you 
can see if my conjectures are right what this will lead to. I will just add 
Mr Crawford is sorely goaded, he finds he has lost all reputation whilst 
Mr Calhoun has gained much, and he will do any thing to crush you all, 
seeing he cannot rule himself. Clay will be silent, but Deep in the in- 
trigue. finding we stand well with the Patriotts, he can no longer ride 
triumphantly his Spanish Jack, But he will seize the first opportunity to 
destroy your well earned popularity. Your enemies must and will fail if 
they make the attempt, the nation is with, and will support you. as far 
as I can, I will do my duty. I hope I may be mistaken in these sugestions, 
but they impress upon me with such force that friendship compelled me to 
state them. 

Present Mrs. J. and myself respectfully to your lady and accept for 
yourself our best wishes. I am with due respect Yr mo ob servt. 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.! 


NASHVILLE, January 17, 1820. 

Sir. Immediately on the receipt of the confidential communication 
from the Department of War * Orders were given to carry promptly in 
to effect the preparatory measures directed. In this order viewing the 
delay necessarily attendent on the discussion which this subject will pro- 
duce in Congress; I did not deem it advisable to with draw the Troops 
employed on the military road, but to hold them in readiness to move at 
a moments warning, and at the same time to progress with the work in 
which they are engaged. They have been instructed accordingly, And 
on the receipt of your final Orders for the Campaign the Detachment on 
the South end of the Road will be marched to the Bay of St. Louis, where 
they will be embarked, and the Detachment on the North end of the Road 


will move direct (via) St. Stephens to the General rendezvous at Mont- 
pelier. 


4 Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 652-673. 
5 Id., Finance, III. 423-426. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 163. 
2 See p. 2, ante, note 1. 


January, 1820 9 


I regret to say to you that the grossest neglect of duty has been mani- 
fested on the South end of the Military road. If promptly attended to it 
would long since have been completed. In short Sir, General Ripley left 
the 8th Military Department in an entire State of disorganization. The 
Officer Maj McIntosh * whom he had invested with the Comd. on the 
South end of the Road, from his disorderly conduct and habits of disipa- 
tion has made it necessary for me to order his arrest. Whither * the 8th 
military Department was left by General Ripley in, its late State of dis- 
organization, with a view of aiding those in their Opposition who are 
unfriendly to the Army, I cannot say, but whether through design or other 
ways, it was left in the most deplorable situation. Prompt measures have 
been adopted to replace this Department in its former respectable standing, 
and the energetic conduct of Maj Many ° who relieved General Ripley 
in command in the first instance, and the prompt attention to orders by 
General Bissell, since he assumed command have restored order and 
subordination. 

Considering the Military Road as an object of national importance I 
have been extremely anxious for its completion, and if the Detachments 
now engaged on it are not removed it will be completed in the Spring. 
I shall therefore continue them as long as the other views of the Govern- 
ment will permit, and will await your final Orders for the concentration 
of the Troops before they are withdrawn. From the situation of these 
Detachments, you will discover the necessity of giving me the earlyest in- 
formation on this subject, that they may be removed to the place of Gen- 
eral Rendezvous in time to unite with the other forces 

I am Very Respectfully 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.* 


NASHVILLE, January 21, 1820. 

Sir. Yours of the 31st Ult? is just received. I have read it with great 
attention and hasten to reply. 

When called on by you for a plan of Campaign I regreted very much 
that I had not by me the plan of the Fortifications of St. Augustine and 
its dependencies. When in the Year 1818 I determined to retire to private 
life I placed in the hands of my Friend Captain Gadsen the plan of these 
fortresses, believing at some day it might be of service to the U. S. in the 
hands of its Engineer. I had therefore to depend on my recollection of 
its Strength in the plan of Campaign submited. 

In all my military operations I have thought it best never to underrate 
the prowess of my enemy, or calculate on his weakness. But to depend on 
my own resourses for Success, and to look behind as well as before, that 
I may be secure at all points; and never separate my forces so that my 


3 Maj. John N. McIntosh, 8th Infantry. 

4 Whether. 

5 James B. Many, major in the corps of artillery. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter Book L, p. 165; also in War Dept. files. 
2 Correspondence of John C, Calhoun, p. 167. 


10 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


enemy might be afforded an opportunity of destroying me in detail. The 
pursuit of this plan, has hitherto crowned me with success in all my Op- 
perations and secured me from disaster of any kind. 

St. Augustine has been among the strongest Fortresses in the World, 
some of its works have been in a state of dilapidation; but have been and 
are now undergoing repair. Its local situation adds greatly to its strength 
and difficulty of reducing it. Permit me to remark that I am badly ad- 
vised or you under rate the strength of its Garrison of regular forces. If 
I am correctly informed You should estimate this force at 500 men. The 
Strength of its irregular force will depend greatly on our movements 
against it. If a Simultanious attack is made on it and Barrancas, all the 
Indians and Woodbines Negroes, would be brought into the field to har- 
rass your frontier and aid in the defence of St. Augustine. When your 
Troops are engaged in Operating against this fortress, these irregulars 
will attack your rear with a view of cuting off your supplies and if aided 
by a reenforcement from Cuba, might cut off your retreat and destroy 
your whole force before you could be relieved. 

To insure Success and prevent disaster of any kind, you must have a 
sufficient force concentrated to operate against the Fortress and to protect 
your rear, and until the Matanza Fort is reduced to protect your supplies 
over land, from the St. Johns the only point from which Supplies can be 
brought, until the Occupation of St. Anastatia Island by the reduction of 
Matanza Fort, when our supplies can be secured by water through the 
Matanza Inlet; 

When we reflect that the Commandant[s] of St. Augustine and Bar- 
rancas have been and are now engaged in repairing and strengthening 
their Works, when we reflect on the tardiness of Congress we can not 
calculate on effecting much by secret movement or a Coup-de-main. We 
can not expect to reach the Spanish fortresses before they are strengthened 
as much as the Commandants have the means to add to them. We ought 
to calculate on as obstinate a resistance as the Commandants have the 
means of making, and expect them to wield the disposable forces of Cuba 
the best way it can be to our annoyance and the defence of their Fortresses. 

To be successful and prevent disasters of any kind we ought to make 
our arrangements accordingly, and calculate on meeting all the disposable 
forces of every description our Enemy can possibly wield. On this base 
was my plan of Campaign bottomed, that success might attend us without 
disaster or a necessity arise to create a call for the Militia. If our force is 
divided, and a simultaneous attack made on St. Augustine and Barrancas, 
the 7th Regt. of Infantry will have to be removed to the scene of active 
operations, and as soon as the 7th Regiment is removed from Fort Scott 
you expose the whole frontier, invite on its borders Indian depredations 
which will call for the militia to protect it. Hence my plan of Campaign 
by which our frontier will be protected, our rear protected and success 
promised without disaster anywhere and without the aid of militia. 

By concentrating the forces at Fort montgomery, and leaving the 7th 
Regt. at Fort Scott, to cover the Frontier, march and reduce Barrancas 
and Pensacola, these well garrisoned will add strength to Mobile and 


January, 1820 in 


Orleans. next reduce St. Marks which will insure us peace with the In- 
dians; and if we fail capturing the Negroe Brigand we will drive them 
and disperse them in the Swamps. It is right here to remark that from 
the Strength as well as position of St. Marks, if not taken by supprise or 
Strategem, it will cost both blood and Treasure to reduce it but reduced it 
must be, which will (having our borders secured) give us our whole force 
to operate against St. Augustine, being well supplied will be competent to 
reduce it against all the forces that can be wielded by Spain without 
hazarding disaster of any kind or necessity for aid from the militia. The 
Garrison of Fort Gadsden with the cooperation of the 7th Regt. will 
afford protection to our frontier and coward the Indians until the Bar- 
rancas is reduced and prevent any call for militia to protect our borders. 

The Light Artillery and 2d Regt. of Infantry might be sufficient with a 
naval cooperation for the reduction of St. Augustine if not repaired and 
not reénforced having only 300 men to man the whole works. Thus Gar- 
risoned it must be found weak at some points and undefended at others. 
If this is the state of its Garrison the Commandant does not calculate on 
defending it, this is a calculation too hazardous to make. We must as 
military men calculate on a brave and military defence, and particularly 
when we do know that the Town of St. Augustine can afford a military 
force of at least 300 men. Added to this it is believed that Governor 
Coppingere * can draw to his Standard 300 Negroes (to say nothing of 
the Indians) tutered by Nichols and Woodbine to the use of Arms and 
who will fight desperately if well commanded when protected by strong 
Walls. I am advised the Regular strength is 500, I hope shortly to be in 
possession of their Strength that may be relied on. 

I have thought it my duty thus to explain the reasons which governed 
me in forming the plan of Campaign which I forwarded to you of date 
the roth Inst. I have only to add that if any other plan should be prefered 
by you I will endeavour to do my duty, and do as much with a few Troops 
as I can, and wield them to the best of my judgement for the benefit of 
the Nation and the protection of the frontier, should I continue to com- 
mand. Great care should be taken to prevent disaster or defeat at every 
point. Such an event would be wielded by the enemys of the Adminis- 
tration and the Army with all the force and ingenuity their malice could 
ICVett. sce = - 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


Private 
War DEPARTMENT, January 23, 1820. 


Dear Sir, I have received your private letter in relation to your Nephew 
Cadet, Andrew J Donelson,’ now at West Point. Under existing regula- 


8 Don José Coppinger, Spanish governor of East Florida. ] 

4 Replying to Jackson, Calhoun wrote (Feb. 5, 1820) as follows: “In relation to the 
expected movement into Florida, your plan appears to be very judicious, and is approved 
by the President. It is however believed, the discussion of the measures recommended by 
the President on that subject will be delayed until so late, that the sickly season will 
render it unadvisable for the troops to march until the Fall. In this state of things, 
nothing more can be done, than to hold the troops in readiness for a prompt movement. 


1 See vol. II., p. 275, note. 


12 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


tions, the regular examination will take place in June, at which time, your 
nephew will be entitled to promotion, and if you would permit me to offer 
my advice, I would suggest it as the most advisable for him to remain till 
that time, unless Congress should authorise military operations against 
Florida previous to that period. Your nephew stands very high, and will, 
if he continues till the regular examination, be placed, in all probability, 
among the first of the Cadets, which will give him the right to select the 
corps in which he may choose to serve. Should he leave the academy be- 
fore the examination, he will loose this advantage. The advantage of 
making a campaign under your immediate observation, should Congress 
authorise operations this Spring, would doubtless much more than counter 
ballance that, which I have stated, but, if they should not, I think you 
would find the course, which I have suggested, as the most advisable. If, 
however, you should still be desireous of his return to Tennessee in April, 
I will with pleasure grant the permission which you request. 

I entirely agree with you, as to the importance of Cuba to our country. 
It is, in my opinion, not only the first commercial and military position in 
the world, but is the key stone of our Union. No American statesman 
ought ever to with draw his eye from it; and the greatest calamity ought 
to be endured by us, rather than it should pass into the hands of England. 
That she desires it, and would seize it, if a fair oppertunity presented 
itself, I cannot doubt; and that, such an event would endanger our union, 
is to me very manifest. These are my fixed opinions. Should our relation 
with Spain end in a rupture, we ought to be prepared immediately, at the 
very commencement of the hostilities, to seize on it, and to hold it for 
ever. On the contrary, I think there are strong reasons, why we ought, at 
first, to limit our operations to Florida, and rest there for the present, 
unless Spain should choose to come to a rupture with us; or that the de- 
signs of England on it, Cuba, should become sufficiently manifest. 

Congress has not evinced so much feeling on these important points, 
as I expected. The subject of Florida appears for the present to sleep, 
tho’ I can not doubt, that, before the termination of the session, they will 
authorise the President to occupy it. 

With sentiment of sincere esteem and respect 


JAMEs J. HANNA TO JACKSON. 


: PortsMouTH, Va., January 30, 1820. 

D’r Sir, | fear our detention in this country has been a serious in- 
convenience to you and my mother. 

We have used every exertion, but have been so unfortunate, as to take 
the wrong course and go to places where few negroes were for sale, and 
difficult to purchase. Had one of us come on here, at first, and the other 
gone to the Eastern Shore of Maryland, we should have been at home 
before this. I left Mr Clay about three weeks ago at Plymouth N. C. 
and yesterday received a letter from him stating, he had done nothing 
since I left him. I expect him here every day. Since my arrival here I 
have purchased five fellows for you viz Ned at $450, Tom $455, Argyle 
$450, Titus $460, and Ned $475. Some of them are better bargains than 


February, 1820 13 


others: but I dont consider any of them bad ones, they are all very 
likely and under 24 years of age, except Titus, who is 30, but is a very 
large strong likely fellow and represented to be very trusty. Ned, the 
highest priced one is an uncommon likely fellow about 22 years of age, 
and was supplied with his blankets and winter clothing. Tom, I was 
rather taken in with. I examined him while standing and after having 
paid the money and gotten the bill of sale, I was told he had a little halt 
in his walk, occasioned by a hurt in his hip in his youth, which has made 
one leg a little longer than the other. The defect is only in appearance. 
I think he will make as good a field negroe as any I have purchased. 
He has got about sense enought to do what he is told, and strength enough 
to do any thing. 

When Mr C. arrives I will get him to go to the Eastern Shore, and if 
there are as many negroes for sale, there, as has been represented to me, 
we may calculate on getting home about the 2oth March. Please Give 
my respects to Mrs Jackson and allow me to call myself your Friend 
and obt. Servt. 


[Indorsement in Jackson's handwriting:] Mr Jas Hanna’s letter 30th 
January 1820—on the subject of the purchase of Negroes, five bot. their 
name[s] and prices as stated in the memorandom Book. 

Joh dl 


To Dr. JamEs C. Bronaucu.* 


HERMITAGE, February 12, 1820. 

Your favour of the 21st of January is Just to hand, and I sincerely 
thank you for the Trouble you have taken to discover the declarations, 
and slander of that subtle fiend Colo. John Williams;* as to any of his 
opinions relative to me as a military man, I care not, as I know amonghst 
military men who know him, his opinions on military matters can have 
no weight, and being content myself with the plans and execution thereof 
through my military career, nothing that such a man could say could have 
any effect on my feelings—so long as he would confine himself to my 
public conduct generally—but when he would attempt to insinuate any 
thing relative to my private and moral charector or any particular act 
of mine as a military man I will punish him. he has I know, in dark 
innuendoes and secrete and confidential information endeavoured to injure 
me in congress. My reasons for making the request of you I did, and 
troubling you with this disagreable business, was to obtain certain 
proof of some charge he had made against me so that I might have proof, 
believing from what I know of him, that he would deny any thing to 
shield himself from punishment or danger. perhaps when you see Mr. 
King,® he can give you some direct information. I wish you if you please 
to have some conversation with him on the subject of Colo. Williams 
communication relative to the Salt lick—after which I do not wish you to 


1See vol. II., p. 304, note 8. Dr. Bronaugh was in Washington when this letter was 


written. 
2 See vol. II., p. 88, note. Colonel Williams was U. S. senator from Tennessee 1815-1823. 
8 Evidently Rufus King, senator from New York, who had in charge Jackson’s defense 


against Lacock’s resolutions. 


14 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


trouble yourself further, unless, you find something, that would enable me 
to make a direct call on him. I have waited with some solicitude to see 
my answer before the senate, but the reasons for delay, are sufficient. 
The spanish treaty will not be ratified, the course Congress has persued, 
is well calculated to prevent it. Had congress acted with that promptness, 
feeling, and energy that the subject required, and our national charector 
demanded, the Don long since, cap in hand, would have paid his respects 
to our President, with the treaty ratified, and an humble request that it 
might be received. But spain has taken courage from the feeble and 
disgracefull course that Congress has pursued, and Capt Gadsden writes 
me from orleans that reenforcements from cuba has sailed for Pensa- 
cola, that the Governor of Pensacola is streng[t]hening the Barrancas, 
and has erected a redoubt on the portion we occupied with our nine pound 
battery. This clearly shews that spain does not intend to ratify the treaty, 
or would she strengthen the fortifications to deliver them to us, or be at 
the expence of sending Troops to reenforce her garrisons, for the purpose 
of incurring a useless expence, no; we therefore will have to take them by 
force, and every week adds strength to our enemy, and will add to the 
blood and Treasure it will cost us to Possess the Floridas. 

I have been called on for a plan of campaign calculated to be carried 
on by the regulars alone, and to prevent the necessity of a call for aid 
from the militia. believing as I did, that Spain would reenforce her gar- 
risons, excite the Indians and negroes to war and seduce them to Join 
her standard I recommended a concentration of our force at Ft Mont- 
gomery (except the 7th Regt. who are to be left at Ft Scott, to overaw 
the Indians and cover Ft Gadsden and the Georgia Frontier) march for 
and reduce Pensacola and the Barancas, with the same Transports sail 
the appelachicola Bay, land such part of our Troops as would be sufficient 
in conjunction with the 7th Regt to march for and invest St Marks by 
land, the others sail for the Bay of St Johns, and invest it by water, 
reduce it, which would secure our rear and the Frontier of Georgia, whilst 
the Barrancas would give us security to the mobile and orleans and our 
frontier in that quarter. Then with our combined force invest St Augus- 
tine and reduce it. Thus by reducing them in detail no disaster could 
befall us, when if we were to attempt to make a simultaneous attack on 
Barrancas and St Augustine, reenforcements might be sent to St Augus- 
tine, which with the force there, the Indians, and negroes excited and 
supplied at St. Marks an attack might be made in the rear and the Troops 
investing the place destroyed and our frontier deludged with blood before 
I could reduce the Barrancas and aid them. The 7th Regt. would not be 
of sufficient strength to march into the seminole country and hold the 
Indians in check, without much hazzard. Therefore if active operations 
is ordered my plan of campaign adopted, Mobile will be the rendezvous 
a oe Transports to which point the stores etc. etc. etc. for your 

partment ought to be ordered. If my plan is not adopted, the sec of 
war will direct one himself, of which he can inform you. I can with the 
4th and Hight, take Barrancas, if not reenforced—if reenforced it would 
take the aid of the 7th. by my plan we are persuing a course calculating 


March, 1820 15 


from our own resources on victory, without the aid of the militia. by 
dividing our force, should the enemy be reenforced, we hazzard defeat 
and disgrace, and on that event a certain call for the militia. on my plan 
we secure orleans and mobile from attack, place the frontiers of Georgia 
in security and reduce the Garrison in detail. be assured St Marks and 
St Augustine if well defended will cost us many lives, some time, and a 
great deal of powder. it is their situation, added to their strength, that 
will make the dificulty in reducing them. The Barancas has dry ground 
for us to approch it, the others swamps and marshes. I would to god 
Mr. Mercer * was before St Marks to make us a good dry encampment 
below it, which he said in his speech on the seminole question I might 
have easily done. however if Congress orders it to be Possessed, we will 
have it, without militia aid, or perish. 

your medical supply you will please to order to orleans to be transported 
with the Troops and other supplies from there, if laid in at the north, 
you can order them with the troops from that section destined to form 
a Junction with me at mobile bay, provided my plan is adopted. 

Give my compliments to Colo. Gibson and Easter if with you, and let 
me hear from you shortly. Mrs. J. Joins me in good wishes for your 
health and happiness. present me to Mr. Munroe, lady, and family 
affectionately 

I am D’r Sir Sincerely yrs 


Joun H. Eaton To JAcKSON. 


WASHINGTON, March I1, 1820. 

Dear Genl. In my letter a few days ago, I promised that shortly there- 
after I would again write you. Your memorial was at that time post- 
poned that gentlemen might have an opportunity to examine and see how 
far it would prove to them palatable and how far the language might be 
considered decorous; as you will have perceived by the news papers it 
was shortly afterwards called up, but interrupted upon the discussion by 
the slaves bill which had been returned to us from the House of Repre- 
sentatives. That being disposed of, the memorial was again adverted to 
by Mr. King, and after about six or eight speeches, and divers animad- 
versions on the character of the Report of last year; and after the 
acrimony and severity of your memorial had been discanted upon and 
defended, it was ordered to be printed. 

The advocates and the opposers you will have seen in the Intelligencer : 
amongst the number was Mr Pinkney* who advocated the memorial. 


4Charles Fenton Mercer, M. C. from Virginia 1819-18309. 

1 William Pinkney, senator from Maryland. Jackson’s memorial was presented to the 
Senate by Rufus King, senator from New York, Feb. 23, 1820. On Mar. 3 King called 
it up again and debate occurred. The memorial was attacked by Walker of Georgia, 
Burrill of Rhode Island, and Dana of Connecticut. After some discussion these gentle- 
men withdrew their objections, and six hundred copies were ordered printed. There 
seems to have been an agreement that the matter would be pressed no further. No reports 
of the speeches appear in the Annals of Congress, where the debate is mentioned 
(16 Cong., 1 sess., I. 430, 472). The memorial is in the appendix of the same work 
15 Cong., 2 sess., II. 2308 ff.; also in Senate Docs., 16 Cong., 1 sess., vol. I, no. 73. 
Nothing further was done in the Senate about either the report of Lacock’s committee 


or Jackson’s memorial. 


4 


16 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


He said it was true that it did not, as regarded the committee speak in 
laudatory phrase, or in suppliant style, nor would such language have 
been worthy of yourself: that it was a manly argumentative and dignified 
appeal, and a bold and free examination of an Indictment prefered at 
last session, and was drawn in a style and manner suited to the cause that 
produced it. He said it was a duty the Senate owed, after what had here- 
tofore transpired, to give under their sanction publicly to the memorial, 
and by this official act to ward off assault from one whose reputation and 
character was the property of the nation, and ought to be so considered. 
It must be to you a matter highly satisfactory, that men so emenently dis- 
tinguished, and at the same time so competent to judge as King and 
Pinkney are discovered to be approves of your course and conduct in the 
Seme. war, men who being almost strangers to you, can feel no other 
impulse than that which reason sanctions. The opposition to printing 
was so feebly maintained, and the strength of argument and numbers 
being on the side of the memorial, that in the end, before the discussion 
had closed, opposition was withdrawn, and six hundred copies were 
ordered to be printed; so soon as they are finished I will send you one. 

You will remember I stated to you, that Doctr Bronaugh and myself 
had transcribed and made some changes in the memorial. After this it 
was handed over to Mr. Pinkney and to Mr. King who desired to see it. 
They proposed, after having examined it, that some alteration or changes 
should be made in the first pages; and particularly desired that the sen- 
tence which alledged that you had “ wnderstood”’ the report had not been 
drawn by any of the Committee should be crossed out, and not printed. 
They said that any thing the memorial might contain, directly personal 
would in coming before the public prove injurious, not beneficial to the 
end, which ought to be the only one intended to be answered, (to wit) 
the placing the report of the Senate properly before the public. I at first 
tefused, but on a second intervew with them on the subject, this was my 
reply ; that you would I well knew be satisfied with any freedom or course 
your frends might deem advisable and if they would state their opinions 
in writing, to be sent to you, and thereby unite with me in the responsi- 
bility I would consent to the alterations proposed. Accordingly they were 
made; and when you shall see the memorial I am persuaded that in what 
has been done, there is nothing to which you will object. I will enclose 
you the writing referred to,’ as the basis of what was done, when next 
I write ; it is not at hand or it would be now forwarded. The memorial 
will I expect be printed in eight or ten days hence. 


2 This statement, signed by Rufus King, William Pinkney, and John H. Eaton, is as 
follows: “ Having read over the memorial of Genl. Jackson to the Senate of the U. S. 
for the purpose of justifying himself against the Charges contained in the Report of a 
Committee of the Senate, made during the last session of Congress, we are of opinion 
and accordingly recommend, that the memorial be revised, and that such Clauses thereof 
be corrected, or expunged, as impute to the Committee, or to the Senate, either partial, 
prejudiced or illiberal motives. We recommend this Revision not only because the 
memorial may otherwise be opposed, as wanting in Respect for the Senate; but because 
with such Corrections, the Facts and Reasons in vindication of the General, which the 
memorial contains, will be more likely to have their proper Effect.” 


March, 1820 17 


Those gentlemen and others warmly your friends are opposed to any 
further examination of this subject. There is no way to reach it but by 
referrence of the whole matter again to a committee, and they say that 
this ought not to be done—that the Report of last year is duly appreciated 
every where, and is without any of the effects in relation to you, that 
you conjecture to have been produced; that the senate never made the 
report theirs by adoption, or did more than to direct, as a matter ordinarily 
usual, its printing: and that your memorial which is as full and satisfac- 
tory as any report that could be made, being also by the senate ordered 
to be printed, is making the reparation commessurate with the injustice. 
They say, it is not an answer and defence published by yourself, and there- 
fore a private matter; but a reply presented to the senate, who by the 
order made for its publication, sanction your opinions, as much as they, 
by ordering the publication of the report, gave it sanction; and that, 
hence, the whole matter stands as tho the senate never had acted on it as 
the opinions of three men. Added to all this a great majority concur with 
you, that it is a business with which the senate had, and ought to have 
had nothing to do, and that a sacrafice of this opinion would be contained, 
in pressing the enquiry again. Such being the opinions of those whose 
frendship is unquestionable gives additional weight. Of the good wishes 
of him who is principal actor in this business the presenter of the memorial 
you have heretofore had evidence—that of Mr. Pinkney is no less than 
his 

A further objection to the referrence is this, that (for you know they 
are chosen in the Senate by ballot) an unfavourably disposed committee 
might be selected. It is very easy in a body of 40, for 12 or 15 men acting 
in concert to appoint a committee of their own: there own ballots would 
be certain, while the scattering votes of those unapprised of the scheme 
might effect the purpose: true a similar concert by a majority might 
defeat it, but then here is the objection; you have presented the memorial, 
and stirred the investigation, and for your friends under such circum- 
stances to attempt any concert of the kind would afford room for recrimi- 
nation and censure to you; having a regard for your honor and feelings 
they could not venture upon such a course; and not to do so, but to trust 
the matter to those inimically disposed, would be to venture at great 
hazard, in pursuit of an unprofitable result, and to afford an opportunity 
for the venting of any lurking spleen. Your memorial having been printed 
by order of, and bearing with it the sanction, of the Senate, is as full 
a report as any Committee could give however favourably disposed.* 

Besides, the opinions entertained by many, that the Senate, have not, 
and never should have entertained jurisdiction, as you have well argued, 
would render an attempt to recommit the enquiry hazardous; and should 
it be made and fail of success it might produce an injurious effect upon 
the whole. therefore, your friends have come to this conclusion, that 
the “strong spirited and dignified”’ appeal you have made through the 


3 Oliver Wolcott, Secretary of the Treasury from 1795 to 1800, writing from Litch- 
field, Conn., Apr. 2, 1820, to Jackson Meigs, of Washington, spoke as follows: “I have 
received your Letter of March 28, with General Jackson's reply to the Committee of the 
Senate. It is a valuable Pamphlet; but, I wanted nothing to satisfy my mind, that his 
conduct has been correct, and his services preeminently useful to this Country.” 


18 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


senate, and by them under a feeble opposition ordered to be printed, will 
effectually put the “Lacock Report” to rest, and ought forever to quiet 
your feelings upon the subject. My desire to consult and to pursue your 
own wishes upon this subject would be sufficient to attempt the reference 
but your frends deeming a different course advisable and proper, renders 
it prudent to forbear any further attempt ; especially too as public opinion 
is now decidedly with you 

The Committee on foreign relations in the Ho. Rep. yesterday made 
report authorising the President to take possession of E and W Florida. 
Mr. Forsyth’s correspondence in addition to what vou have seen was yes- 
terday laid before both houses. His remonstrance as he calls it, to the 
Spanish Secy. of State was refused and sent back as highly offensive, he 
informs mr Secty Adams that he shall retire from Madrid into France. 
Doubtless he has left the Spanish Court 

Some of our profound politicians have shewn a great knowlege of the 
situation of the affairs of their Country, and if clothed with sensibility 
must feel a little mortified. A reference to the Intelligencer of yesterday 
will shew them debating on the reduction of the army and navy, and urg- 
ing it as necessary, when lo, on the very next day, out comes a report for 
active measures of a warlike nature, which points to the necessity of an 
increase, instead of a diminution. 

In the progress of my horse bill for the relief of the Volunteers * it 
has been urged that they were paid for clothing. There is an old law, 
during the war which directs volunteers tendering their services for one 
year, and accepted of by the President to be supplied or paid for clothing; 
but this law is obsolete, and at any rate applied not to the Semenole vol- 
unteers who were to have the same pay etc as had been given to the Militia 
during the war, which was $6 66/100 under the act of 1795 in view of 
every thing. Pray did they receve cloathing, and was it by your orders? 

The President says he has recvd your letter. He said he wanted to have 
with me some conversation in relation to it, but it being a levee evening 
and much crowded no oppertunity was then had. He desired me to say 
to you, that he had been so taken up with the deep agitations here the 
(missouri bill), that he did not [have] time but that he would shortly 
write to you. The agitation was indeed great I assure you—dissolution of 
the Union had become quite a fimiliar subject. By the compromise how- 
ever restricting slavery north of 3614 degrees we ended this unpleasant 
question. Of this the Southern people are complaining, but they ought 
not, for it has preserved peace dissipated angry feelings, and dispelled 
appearances which seemed dark and horrible and threat[en]ing to the 
interest and harmony of the nation. The constitution has not been sur- 
rendered by this peace offering, for it only applies while a territory. when 
it is admitted congress have the power and right to legislate, and not 
when they shall become States 

I fear I have tired you so good night. Present me respectfully to mrs 
Jackson and to my frend Capt Call.* Yours truly 


4 Bill “ for the relief of such officers and volunteers engaged in the late Seminole war as 
may have lost their horses and other property during said campaign”, introduced by 
Senator Eaton Dec. 14. It passed the Senate, but was tabled in the House. 

5 See vol. II., p. 430, note 2. 


March, 1820 19 


CoLONEL GEORGE GIBSON TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, March 29, 1820. 

Dear General, It is now ascertained that We will not occupy Florida 
this season and I am sorry for it; for it was the only chance left me of 
joining you. Spain has, I much fear, out manouvered us in this affair and 
particularly at Madrid where it is quite certain we are but poorly repre- 
sented. Mr Forsyth it is said begins to sigh after home and from what I 
hear he will, no doubt, be indulged with permission to repose in retirement. 

Your memorial is read by every body and it is flattering to your friends 
to hear it spoken of as greater than anything which has appeared on the 
subject—even your enemies affect to admire it. 

The fate of our lamented Decatur has thrown a gloom over this district 
which as yet exhibits no change. More than eight thousand persons fol- 
lowed him to the grave and testified by their quiet and orderly behavior 
how much they respected him in life as a gallant officer and as a Gentle- 
man. I am sorry to say that Mrs Decatur remains in a state of stupor; 
she has shed no tear.* 

Present my sincere and friendly respects to Mrs Jackson. 

I remain with affectionate regard yours sincerely 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.* 


NASHVILLE, March 31, 1820. 

. . . . I recieved by last mail a Copy of the report of the Committee of 
Foreign Relations which you had the goodness to enclose me from which 
I did infer that the Congress of the U States, Viewing with just indig- 
nation the conduct of Spain and the humiliating situation of our Coun- 
try by submiting to her injuries and insults would act promptly. But you 
may be assured that I shall continue road cutting until I recieve your 
Orders for a movement, keeping my Troops ready to reduce the Barran- 
cas in Six thereafter. I would barely remark that an Operation against 
Pensacola and Barrancas and possession thereof, would procure for our 
Troops a healthy Summers Cantonment and every thing could be in 
readiness to move against St. Augustine, as early in the fall as the Sickly 
Season would permit. the 4th Infantry with the disposable force of the 
Ist and 8th Regiments would be sufficient to reduce the Barrancas if not 
reenforced. The 7th Regt. would be able to protect the Georgia frontier 
and keep the Indians in Check if disposed to hostility. A movement might 
be made if authorized, in the month of may against Pensacola, and the 
Fortress reduced before the sickly Season. No expence as yet has been 
incurred except the transportation of the Troops to their respective Head 


1 Commodore Decatur fought a duel with Commodore Barron at Bladensburg, Md., 
Mar. 22, 1820, and received a mortal wound. He was a very popular officer and his 
tragic death was a great shock to the country. In his intrepid character and patriotism 
he was a kindred spirit to Jackson, and the two men had become personal friends during 
Jackson’s visit to Washington early in 1819. In later years Jackson showed his friendship 
by helping Mrs. Decatur, who was left in a strained financial condition by her husband’s 


death. é 
aiyackeon MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 151. Mar. 15 Calhoun wrote that there was little 


. 


prospect that Congress would authorize a vigorous course of action toward Spain, 


20 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Quarters, except by the removal of the Troops from the North to the 
South end of the military road, which originated from a mistake of the 
Com’g Officer of the 8th military Department. 

I have only to add that as long as I hold the command no expence 
will be incurred or movement made without Your Order I am Respect- 
fully 


To PRESIDENT MONROE.* 


Private NASHVILLE, April 15, 1820. 


D’r Sir. By yesterdays mail I received your Message of the 27th of 
March to the house of representatives * on the Subject of our relations 
with Spain, from which, and from the information of the Sentiments 
that pervades a majority of that branch of the Government, I draw the 
conclusion that no act of Congress will be passed authorizing the occu- 
pation of Florida the present Session of Congress, and that it is Strongly 
calculated upon, that our affairs with that nation will be amicably ad- 
justed by further negociation or explanation and that peace and friendship 
will be maintained with that nation. If this really [is] the present pros- 
pect and can be relied on, my wishes for retirement can be gratified 
without any injury to my Country or censure that can attach to me, there 
being prospects of a long continued, and uninterrupted peace. I therefore 
hope on the rise of Congress with out passing a law authorizing you to 
take possession of Florida, You will have the Goodness to Signify to me 
that you will permit me to retire, on which Signification I will forward 
to you my resignation. Having always assured you I would not resign 
so long as my Services might be benificial to my country, or cloud of 
War hover over it—nor until I could obtain your free consent for that 
retirement, occasion me now to address you. You have long been ac- 
quainted with my desire to retire to private life, upon the prospects of 
permanent peace—these prospects being now in view, and which I hope 
may be reallized, induced me to ask for your consent that I may retire, 
and that you will at as early a day as is convenient to you signify the 
Same to me, that on the receipt of yours containing that permission, I 
may transmit to you my resignation,® 

Present Mrs. J and my respects to your Lady and family, and accept 
for Your Self our best wishes for your health, prosperity and happiness, 
and believe me to be with due respect, Your most Obt. Servt. 


To ANDREW J. DoneELson.' 


NAsHVILLE, [April 16(?), 1820.] 
a RR Ash nates got nearly through the seminole war, (accept what is 
due to Mr Storrs,’ wicked, and false report, to the house of representa- 


1 Copy. 
; To Senate and House. Richardson, Messages and Papers, II. 60. 
At the request of the President, Jackson consented to withhold his resignation, pending 

the clearing up of the situation in Florida. 

1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. Without date, but evidently just after Jackson 
to Monroe, Apr. 15, 1820. 

* Henry R. Storrs, member of the House of Representatives from New York. His 
report, as chairman of a committee, criticizing Jackson for unauthorized raising of Indian 
troops for the Seminole war, is in Annals of Congress, 16 Cong., I sess., II. 1542-1552. 


April, 1820 21 


tives, which will receive its exposure in due time) I have wrote to the 
president, for permission to resign—as soon as congress rises. I hope you 
have seen my memorial and answer to the report of the triumvirate of the 
senate of the last year. I am gratified, that it gives my friends general 
satisfaction, and even draws from my enemies there approbation. How 
disgracefull to our nation, that select committees of Congress have be- 
come the hotbeds of falshood and calumny to serve the views of party, 
regardless of the means they employ—for my own part I am regardless of 
their wicked attempts. I am aware that truth is mighty and will ulti- 
mately prevail. 

The Misouri question so called, has agitated the public mind, and what 
I sincerely regret and never expected, but what now I see, will be the 
entering wedge to seperate the union. it is even more wicked, it will ex- 
cite those who is the subject of discussion to insurrection and masacre. 
it is a question of political ascendency, and power, and the Eastern inter- 
est are determined to succeed regardless of the consequences, the consti- 
tution or our national happiness. they will find the southern and western 
states equally resolved to support their constitutional rights. I hope I may 
not live to see the evills that must grow out of this wicked design of dema- 
gogues, who talk about humanity, but whose sole object is self agrandise- 
ment regardless of the happiness of the nation. .... 


Joun H. Eaton To Jackson. 


WasHINGTON, April 16, 1820. 

D’r Genl. On Saturday I recvd yr. letter of the 29 ulto, and was pleased 
to find that the course pursued here in relation to yr. memorial was ac- 
ceptable to yourself. That what was done is supported by prudence, and 
conduces more effectually to the main object designed by you to be ef- 
fected, to wit the placing the matter understandingly and fully before the 
nation, I am more than ever convinced of. There have been many stric- 
tures and remarks made upon yr. memorial by different papers thro the 
states, and in none yet have I seen any other than the strongest expression 
in its favour; even two prominent papers one at N York and one at Bal- 
timore heretofore decidedly on the opposite side have acknowleged them- 
selves convinced by what you have said. 

The copies sent to you and others have before this been recvd. you will 
find on perusal that the alterations made were inconsiderable: the one 
named to you before (viz) that the committee as you had understood had 
not drafted the report, was the most material; other changes were prin- 
cipally as to phraseology, such as poison, attrocious, falshoods and such 
like expressions which were exchanged for words of softer import. The 
suppression of the sentence in relation to “the gentleman who was the 
chief juggler behind the scenes” you say you somewhat regret. I think 
tho you ough[t] not to regret it; for independent of the harshness of the 
expression, yr. proof was hardly sufficient to support the remark I expect. 
Your expression used was that you had understood the report was not 
drafted by any one of C.' I believe I know vr. authority for saying so; it 


1 Congress? 


22 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


grew out of some statements made by Bronaugh, that the chairman had 
on getting a copy of the strictures at Gales office gone immediately to 
Mr. C.s? house. Now no body acquainted with Laycock ever supposed that 
he could write it, yet this circumstance of yours would not sanction such 
a conclusion, and hence was it better to say nothing about it, but merely 
to leave it before the public on the general literary reputation of the man, 
_... There is no reasoning against the effect and influence of ones feel- 
ings; but these apart, I would say you have done enough, and more is not 
required. The subject can not be placed before the nation, stronger or 
better, no matter who shall take it in hand, and this being the case, I re- 
peat, more is not required 

You seem to be a little dissatisfied with Storrs report, and talk of re- 
plying. Believe me Sir you ought not. If you are to suffer your repose 
to be disturbed at the snarls of every man who availing himself of his 
little brief official authority shall speak of you, when pray will you get 
thro. By yrself and thro yr. frends yr case has been heard in Congress and 
is fairly before the Country; there trust it, nor believe that any little party 
yelpings will change its features 

Yr memorial came before the public at the moment that Storrs from 
his select committee discovered his budget. His book * fell still born from 
the press, and nothing here has been spoken or said about it in any way, 
by any body; and thus you percieve its feebleness, and how little it is to be 
regarded. I had a copy of it which it became necessary for me to examine, 
particularly, inasmuch as it had a bearing as ’twas said on my Semenole 
horse bill which I had reported to the Senate; before I could part with it, 
the report was published in the Intelligencer, where I concluded you would 
see it, or else the Copy I had would have been sent you, that you might 
have known all that was doing. 

I examined this book critically, and spoke of it freely as being desti- 
tute of accuracy. It was used against me in the Senate, with a view to pre- 
vent the troops being compensated for their horses, because they had 
tecvd the 40 Cents improperly. I argued it in the way you have sug- 
gested ; that the act of 1795 had nothing to do with it: that the act of 1818 
had said that they should have the highest compensation given to militia 
during the war, and that whatever had been given to troops of the same 
description they were by right entitled to; and that hence all the emolu- 
ments secured under the act of 1816, rightfully belonged to them: and so 
the Senate by a great majority determined—cloths they were not entitled 
to; the only law upon this subject was in relation to Volunteers who had 
actually served during one year, then, and not else, were they to have an 
allowance for clothing: this law had expired, and was not revived by the 
act of 1818, at any rate they had not served a year. As regards what is 
said on the subject of “ subsidizing ” the Indians, by all men of intelli- 
gence this general remark is made, that they always have, and always must 
be employed, not from any advantage to be derived from them, but to 


2 Crawford s is no doubt meant.. 
37, e., report in pamphlet form. 


May, 1820 23 


make them nutral; if not employed, they will unite with the enemy; this 
Mr. S. seems not to have known. All that has been said in the Report 
about the Volunteers, the departure from orders and the constitution, 
those old topics are answered and fully met by what you have already 
said ; to repeat my text then, more need not be said, and so I trust you will 
consider it. 

You will see in the Washington Gazette of Saturday a pretty severe 
commentary on mr. Clays Florida resolutions they are from the pen per- 
haps of some one of the heads of Departments—you can guess as I do. 
Before the Caucus he was looked to as Vice President,® but with all the 
maneuvring resorted to, not more than 30 members attended, and so the 
caucus failed in producing any result. I believe not more than one mem- 
ber from Tene. attended (Cocke)... .. 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


DEPARTMENT OF Wak, May 24, 1820. 

Sir, During the late session of Congress an appropriation of $20,00c 
was made to defray the expenses of holding a treaty for the extinguish- 
ment of Indian title to lands within the state of Mississippi, and the dele- 
gation in Congress from that state, have proposed that you and Genl. 
Thomas Hinds of Mississippi, be appointed the commissioners to hold 
the treaty.* The President is very desirous to employ you upon this duty, 
and it will afford him great satisfaction if it should be agreeable to you to 
accept of the appointment. I take pleasure in communicating his wishes 
upon the subject, and request the favor of an early answer. 

If it should suit you to accept the appointment, a commission will be 
immediately forwarded to you, as the first named commissioner, vesting 
you in conjunction with General Hinds, with full powers, to exercise your 
own judgment and discretion as to the time, place and manner of com- 
mencing and conducting the negotiation, of which he will be duly noti- 
fied ; and the choctaw agent will be instructed to prepare the chiefs to give 
you a friendly reception. 


3 In his Memoirs (V. 58) John Quincy Adams alludes to this matter, saying that Clay 
expected to be nominated for the vice-presidency and that Samuel Smith, of Maryland, 
who called the caucus, expected to go to the House of Representatives and become Speaker. 
Adams said (V. 60) that Clay’s hopes were supported by Monroe’s intimate friends, which 
he took to mean that peace had been made between Clay and the President. He also 
said that “not more than forty members” attended the caucus when it met. R. M. 
Johnson moved that it was inexpedient to make nominations, which motion passed without 
discussion, and the meeting adjourned. ; 

1 The Mississippi delegation in the House of Representatives had unanimously asked 
that Jackson be one of the commissioners (see Christopher Rankin to Jackson, Jackson 
MSS., May 16, 1820). This offer of the administration was accepted and a treaty was 
made with the Choctaws Oct. 18, 1820 (treaty of Doak’s Stand), by which the Indians 
surrendered a tract of land east of the Mississippi lying between a point near Natchez 
and a point one mile below the mouth of the Arkansas River, on the opposite side of the 
Mississippi, bounded on the east by a line approximately seventy miles east of the Mis- 
sissippi, and containing about 8,500 square miles of territory. In exchange, the United 
States ceded lands between the Arkansas and Red rivers, and made other provisions. 
This letter is printed, with the date May 23, in Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., II. 230; journal 
of the negotiation, ibid., II. 234-250. 


24 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


It is contemplated to place the whole appropriation at your disposal,” 
which is intended to cover all the expenses of the negotiation, (including 
the pay of the commrs. and of the Secretary, whom, should you agree to 
serve, you will be authorized to appoint,) except the sums that may be 
stipulated to be paid to the Indians in the treaty which shall be concluded 

hem. 
vile I have the honor to be, 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


Private 
War DEPARTMENT, June I, 1820. 

Dear Sir, I have received your unofficial letters of the 15th April and 
sth of May; and I regard your determination to retire from the Army 
with that regret, which I am sure a great majority of our people will feel 
on the occasion. To you and the army the seperation must be painful. 
Your name will forever be associated with the most brilliant pages of our 
history ; and the memory of the 8th of January will, to the latest posterity, 
rouse the American Army to the highest feats of valour. To be so con- 
nected with our military institutions and history must render your adieu 
to the army painful indeed. 

I perceive you have strong foreboding as to our future policy. The dis- 
cussion on the Missouri question has undoubtedly contributed to weaken 
in some degree the attachment of our southern and western people to the 
Union; but the agitators of that question have, in my opinion, not only 
completely failed; but have destroyed to a great extent their capacity for 
future mischief. Should Missouri be admitted at the next session, as I 
think she will without difficulty, the evil effects of the discussion must 
gradually subside. As it regards the army and the acquisition of Florida, 
the greatest opposition has by no means been experienced to the east. 
However strange it may appear, the portion of our country, which ap- 
pears to have the greatest interest in the acquisition, I mean the West, was 
probably that, in which the most opposition was experienced. So un- 
natural a state of things cannot exist long. The west must see, that the 
single Port of Pansacola is to it, invaluable. The protection of the com- 


merce of the Mississippi must in a great measure depend on our acquisi- 
TOM Ob dt ou iep cen 


CoLoNEL ArTHUR P. HayNE TO JACKSON. 


Hayne’s BLurr, West BANK OF THE ALABAMA, 


June 10, 1820. 
.... Weare first on the West side of the Alabama—our situation is 
a beautiful one, 12 miles by Land below Fort Jackson, our Spring is equal 


ae Calhoun’s instructions to Jackson and Hinds, July 12, 1820, contain the following: 

Your compensation will be at the rate of $8 per diem, and that of the Secretary to the 
commission, whom you are authorized to appoint, at the rate of $5 per diem, for the 
time actually engaged. The payment will be made on your certificate of honor, specifying 
the time that you have been actually engaged. You will also certify the time that the 
Secretary may be actually engaged. Your certificate, in like manner, will be a necessary 
voucher for the presents distributed under your authority.” 


June, 1820 25 


to any one I ever saw or tasted of, the Land of the very first order, the 
Tract consisting of 700 acres. I prefer it to any settlement I have seen 
in the Country. My little Crop which consists of Corn and few acres of 
Cotton, is very fine, and I expect to average 75 bushels to the acre. The 
Alabama Low Grounds can yield us in Corn % more than the best Ken- 
tucky Lands. I have upon my Farm 100 acres of Low Grounds cleared 
and in most excellent order, and which is more than my small force can 
manage. 

We find ourselves very much in debt in this Country, to the United 
States, for Land; and we are anxious to devise some scheme, that will 
upon fair and honorable terms meet the Exigency. The following is my 
plan. We will suppose, in order to elucidate the principle, that, I have 
purchased of the Government $10,000 worth of Land—that in Augt. 
1817, I paid $2,500, leaving a balance of $7,500, which if not paid till the 
expiration of the 5 yrs will again amt. to $10,000. Under this view, I 
should have to pay the Govt. in Augt. 1822 $10,000. Now at the expira- 
tion of Augt. 1822, instead of paying the Govt. $10,000, I would divide 
it into 10 equal instalments payable yearly, and at the end of each year, 
let the Govt. demand from the purchaser one instalment, with the interest 
on the whole debt, and so on in succession till the expiration of the Io yrs. 
when the whole debt would be liquidated. I would also give an additional 
six months grace on each instalment, after which if not paid forfeiture 
is to take place upon the principle of the original Contract. According to 
the above scheme, I should have to pay in Jany. 1824, $1000, and every 
subsequent instalment would become less, and less—the last payable at the 
expiration of the Tenth year would amount to $1060. A vast majority 
of the purchasers in this State have given from $2 to $10 pr acre, and my 
plan would afford them complete relief, and the principles upon which it 
stands are so fair, that the Government could not refuse to sanction it. 
I should demand it as a right, and not ask it as a favor. You will per- 
ceive that the Govt. is not to lose a single cent of the principal of the Debt 
and to receive a yearly interest. I confess tho’ that my principle will not 
afford relief to those gentlemen who have given from $30 to $40 to $50 
for Land. The question then arises will Government pass any Law for 
the relief of men who acted so imprudently. I fear not. The Govt. will 
never give up any part of the debt which is due to them, and to extend the 
period of payt. to those who have given $40 pr. acre for Land, would 
afford them no relief. Permit me if you please to ask the plan, which in 
your opinion the Govt. ought to adopt, and extend to the purchaser’s of 
Land in our State. Whatever is done, ought to take place at the next meet- 
iigige Coneress.®, tl... 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.’ 


FLORENCE, ALABAMA, June 15, 1820. 
Sir, In my last from Nashville I advised you of my intention of Visit- 
ing the Military, and from thence to make an incurtion along the Frontier 
of the Cherokee and Creek Nations to inform myself whether the In- 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, pp. 132, 109; also in War Dept. files. 


26 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


truders had removed from the Indian Land agreeable to my notification 
and that of the Agent. After passing the Tennessee River I learned that 
many had removed, but that many still remained. desireous to spare the 
Troops a long and fatiguing march at this season of the year, I deter- 
mined to take a recognizance myself, hoping my presence would induce 
them to remove without military compulsion. In the mean time I directed 
a Detachment of the Troops engaged on the North End of the Military 
road, to be ordered to return to the Tennessee River reparing the Bridges 
and Causeways and Shrubing the Road, with the intention if found neces- 
sary to order a part of this Detachment to remove the Intruders. 

On the excurtion through the Cherokee Nation, I found a great many 
intruders and those on the North of the Chatehoochey not only numerous 
but insolent and threatning resistance. being informed that a large num- 
ber of the Intruders who had been removed, their Crops and improve- 
ments destroyed last year on the Creek Frontier had returned, I pro- 
ceeded along that line from the high Shoals of the Chatehoochey to the 
South East corner of the Creek boundary. all along which I found the 
improvements destroyed last Year now under cultivation, and was in- 
formed that numerous Stocks of Cattle had been driven into the Creek 
Country. I ordered them forth to remove and cease tresspasing on the 
Creek Lands, or I would remove them with a military force ordered for 
that purpose to remove all intruders from the Cherokee Land, and as soon 
as that duty was performed I should order the Troops along that line with 
directions to arrest, all those found Tresspassing, with their Stock of 
every kind and hand them over to the Marshal to be delt with as the Law 
directs, with instructions to destroy all Crops growing, and improve- 
ments.” 

On my return through the Cherokee Nation I was Shown a Copy of 
your letter to Col Meigs * the Agent authorizing him agreeable to my 
suggestion to employ the Indian Light-Horse. Being informed that those 
intruders along the Chatehoochey, were numerous and threatened oppo- 
sition determined me to hasten to the Military road, and order a part of 
the Detachment directed to repare the road on this duty, which would keep 
down all opposition to the Light Horse and after clearing the Nation of 
all those whitemen who does not hold the writen permission of the Agent, 
the Light Horse could hereafter prevent intrusion 


? Jackson’s notice to intruders on the Indian lands, dated at Shallow Ford, on the Chat- 
tahoochee, May 29, 1820, is as follows: 

(Intruders on the cherokee) lands beware, I am required to remove all whitemen, 
found tresspassing on the cherokee land not having a written permit from the agent 
Colo. R. J. Meiggs, this duty I am about to perform. The Regulars and Indian light horse 
will be employed in performing this service, and any opposition will be promptly punished. 
All whitemen with there stock, found tresspassing on the Indian land will be arrested, and 
handed over to the civil authority of the United States to be dealt with as the law directs 
there families removed to the United States land, there crops, houses and fences destroyed. 
Having in the month of February and March last, given full notice to all intruders to 
remove those now found upon the cherokee lands, have no right to complain, at the 
punishment that awaits them if found now with there stock upon the Indian land. It is 
also stated to the undersigned, that citizens of the State of Georgia living on and near 
the line are clearing and cultivated lands within the Indian boundery, this is to notify 
all such, that such improvements will be destroyed and all persons found tresspassing in 
this way will be seized and handed over to the marshal to be prosecuted agreable to law 
to avoid Trouble and expence this notice is given.” . 

8 Return J. Meigs. 


June, 1820 27 


To CHRISTOPHER RANKIN.* 


NASHVILLE, June 19, 1820. 

Sir, On my return to this place last evening from a tour to the south 
and South East, I received your letter of the 16th May last, requesting 
me in the name of the representation from the State of Mississippi, to 
accept the appointment of Commissioner, ,to treat with the Choctaw In- 
dians. at the same time I also received a request from Mr. Monroe. I 
had determined to have nothing more to do with Indian treaties. But Sir 
thus solicited, both by the President and the representation of the state of 
Mississippi, unanimously, I must forego that determination and my own 
private feelings—for I owe a debt of gratitude to the people of your state 
and their late Governor, for the prompt and efficient support afforded me, 
in our late struggle with Great Britain, and feel it a duty to serve them, 
whenever it is in my power to do so. I will therefore accept the appoint- 
ment. It affords me much pleasure to learn that my friend Genl. Hinds 
will be associated with me in this highly important business. 

I have the Honor to be very resp’y yr. ob’ svt. 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, June 19, 1820. 

Sir: On last evening I reached this place, where I recd. your letter of 
the 24th of May last, and one from the delegation of the state of Missis- 
sippi of the 16th May, requesting that I should accept the appointment of 
commissioner to aid in holding a treaty with the Choctaw Indians. 

I had determined never to have any thing to do again in Indian Trea- 
ties; but finding that the President of the U. States, is desirous that I 
should engage in this duty, this added to the Solicitation of the delegation 
of that state, has determined me to depart from the resolution I had 
formed and to accept of the appointment. I never can withhold my 
services, when requested by old Monroe, and I owe a debt of gratitude to 
the people of Mississippi and their late Governor, for their support, in 
our late struggle with Great Britain—by him and them I was well sup- 
ported. I feel it a duty therefore, to endeavour to serve them, when they 
by their representatives believe I have it in my power. There is no man 
I would rather be associated with, than Genl Hinds, nor one in whom I 
have more confidence. 

In making out the instructions, permit me to suggest the propriety of 
pointing out the bounds west of the Mississippi out of which the land to 
be given the Choctaws in exchange for their land whereon they now live, 
is to be laid out. The wish of the real Indian Chiefs is (as I am in- 
formed) to perpetuate the existance of their Nation by concentrating the 
whole in a country that will support them as a Nation—at present they are 
scattered and wandering over a great space of Country, and if not shortly 
united will be lost to their nation in other tribes. The pride of a real In- 
dian is in the strength of his Nation and this is a chord I mean to touch to 
obtaiz: the object in view. I therefore wish to point the lands and describe 


1 Copy. Rankin was M. C. from Mississippi 1819-1826. 
1Copy. Printed in Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., I. 230. 


28 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


its bounds, where their father the President of the U. States means to 
settle his red children—concentrate and perpetuate them as a nation and 
thereby make his children happy. 

I am Sir with great respect Yr Mo. Obt. Srvt. 


To PRESIDENT Monroe.’ 


HERMITAGE, June 20, 1820. 

Dear Sir: I returned from my tour to the south and southeast on the 
evening of the 18th instant, when I received your very friendly and inter- 
esting letter of the 23d of May last, which I have read with great interest 
and attention. On its perusal and consideration, I have determined to re- 
main in service until the situation of Europe fully develops itself, and our 
affairs with Spain are brought to a final close. 

Although retirement has been, and still is the first object of my wishes, 
yet so long as it is believed that my military service may conduce to the 
benefit of my country, in any way, my exertions belong to her. I have 
hitherto made, and it is still my duty as a patriot to make, my private in- 
terests and views subservient to my country’s good. I have, therefore, 
upon due consideration and reflection on the subject matter of your inter- 
esting letter, resolved not to retire from service so long as my continuing 
may promote the welfare, safety, and happiness of our country. I am well 
aware, as soon as you believe the situation of our affairs will permit of my 
retiring without injury to our country, you will notify me thereof, and 
permit me to retire. Until then, my private wishes and feelings must bend 
to what may be conceived will promote the public good. 

The view you have taken of the conduct pursued by our government, 
relative to South America,” in my opinion has been both just and proper, 
and will be approved by nine-tenths of the nation. It is true it has been 
attempted to be wielded by certain demagogues to the injury of the ad- 
ministration ; but, like all other base attempts, has recoiled on its authors; 
and I am clearly of your opinion, that for the present, we ought to be con- 
tent with the Floridas—fortify them, concentrate our population, confine 
our frontier to proper limits, until our country, to those limits, is filled 
with a dense population; it is the denseness of our population that gives 
strength and security to our frontier. With the Floridas in our possession, 
our fortifications completed, Orleans, the great emporium of the west, is 
secure. The Floridas in possession of a foreign power, you can be in- 
vaded, your fortifications turned, the Mississippi reached, and the lower 
country reduced. From Texas, an invading enemy will never attempt such 
an enterprise; if he does, notwithstanding all that has been said and as- 


serted on the floor of Congress on this subject, I will vouch that the in- 
vader will pay for his temerity.* 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib, Monroe MSS. For the events that led to the publication of this 
letter, see Bassett’s Jackson, I. 272, and John Quincy Adams’s Memoirs, X11. 109, 130 
132, 143, 147. This letter, with Monroe’s of May 23, 1820, is in Niles’ Register LXVIL 
343; Monroe’s is also in Writings of Monroe, ed. Hamilton, VI. 126. : 

? Referring to Monroe’s message of May 9. 

3 In his denunciation of John Quincy Adams for giving up Texas in the Spanish treaty 
fe Ee wale es, oad 1844, contradicted all the arguments made in the 
above letter respecting the value of Texas as a means of defens ississippi 
See his letter to Blair, Oct. 24, 1844. Bivigngeecs fs. Se 


July, 1820 29 


Present Mrs. Jackson and myself to Mrs. Monroe and your daughters 
and Mr. Gouverneur * affectionately, and receive for yourself our best 
wishes for your happiness through this life, and that of your amiable 
family: and believe me to be, with high respect and esteem, your most 
obedient servant. 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, July 9, 1820. 

Sir. A few days since I recd. a communication from Colo. Meiggs, 
giving me information that the Cherokee light horse had been ordered 
on the duty of removing the intruders, and inclosing me a copy of a letter 
holding out threats by the whites of opposition. Having ordered a De- 
tachment of 20 men under a Lt. to aid the light horse in this duty and to 
keep down opposition, and being informed that Lt Graham was Detailed 
for this duty—he being young and inexperienced—on the recpt of Colo. 
Meiggs letter I ordered my aid de camp Capt Call, to repair thither 
assume the command of the regulars and Light horse, and fully execute 
my order for the removal of all intruders not holding a permit from Colo. 
Meiggs. I can assure you that I have no doubt but Capt Call will execute 
the order with mildness, yet firmness, and I trust it will be the last time 
that united states Troops will be necessary to be called for on such 
ney chee. 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.* 


Private 
NASHVILLE, July 24, 1820. 

Sir, Your General order of June 14th 1820 has just reached me, I 
have directed it to be promulgated to my Division. 

Will you permit me to draw your attention to this order, and request 
you maturely to deliberate on it, Compare it with the rules and regulations 
under which the Soldier is enlisted, And the rights and emoluments Se- 
cured to him under his compact to serve the U. States by which is secured 
to him, his monthly pay and rations—let me then presume to ask you to 
compare the law with the General order of the 14th of June last And 
then conclude whether any power exists, competent to take from the 
Soldier, Eighty five Cents out of every hundred of his pay for the pur- 
pose of buying seeds utensils etc. etc. for the cultivation of “ wheat and 
other component parts of the Ration” When by the terms of his com- 
pact the Government is bound to furnish the soldier rations at its own 
expence. As far as I have been conversant with the law martial, and the 
rules and regulations for the Government of the Army, it does not appear 
to me that there is any power competant to retain the Soldiers pay, Save 


4 Samuel L. Gouverneur married Monroe’s daughter. It was he who discovered this 
letter among Monroe’s papers when the controversy between Jackson and Adams was 
acute in respect to the annexation of Texas. He submitted it to Adams, and had it pub- 
lished in the newspapers to show that Jackson’s position in 1820 was opposite to that which 
he now took. It is fair to say that long before this Jackson had quarrelled,with Monroe, 
and Gouverneur felt no obligation to defend Jackson at this time. 

1 War Dept. files. ‘ 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 100; also in War Dept. files. 


30 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


that of a courtmartial, and then only for the commission of a crime, 
recognised as such by the rules and regulations for the Government of 
the Army. 

The order for the cultivation of gardens was for the Comfort and 
health of the Troops; The order for the cultivation of Wheat, is con- 
sidered for the benefit of the Goverment by saving them the expence 
of component parts of the ration by the labour of the Soldiery, hence it 
would Seem to me but Justice, that the Seed, utensils and farming tools 
should be laid in by the Goverment, and not taken from the Pittance of 
the Soldiers pay, I really cannot believe that any power exists of applying 
the pay of the Soldier to the purpose of farming utensils and seed for the 
benefit of the Goverment. How will the Commanding officer collect this 
from the soldier; Suppose this order a violation of the compact under 
which the soldier was enlisted—how will the officer Justify himself in 
laying his hand upon Ejightyfive Cents out of every hundred of the 
soldiers pay to purchase “‘ wheat, seed-corn, axes, wedges ” etc etc. to carry 
on farming for the benefit of the United States. Suppose the Soldier 
appeals to the law for redress, to recover his pay; will not the law of the 
land afford him relief from this order; nay further, may it not lead to 
serious discussions in Courtsmartial, and may not the soldier, after being 
thus deprived of his pay contrary to the terms of his enlistment, on the 
charge of Desertion, with great force alledge in his defence, that the 
Goverment has violated the contract with him when enlisted, and from 
that moment he was desolved from his enlistment and cannot Justly be 
punished for leaving the service, and may it not happen, that officers 
acting under oath may incline to this opinion, and at once, by their de- 
cision absolve all those (whose pay has been thus applied) from the 
obligation of their enlistment. 

Be assured that these remarks are made with the most friendly views, 
to draw your close attention to the order and its consequences, believing 
that you have not well considered the subject before the order was Issued. 
I am Sir with great respect 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, July 26, 1820. 

Sir, Last evening I received a letter from Captain R K. Call, U. States 
Army, charged with the Command of the Detachment now engaged in 
removing the intruders from the cherokee-land, In which he reports that 
he has progressed through Bearmeat valley and is on his march to Wills 
creek. from the number of intruders found, he is of opinion that it 
will take him nearly three months, to perform the duty assigned him, 
I have therefore directed him on the recpt. of my answer to forward an 
order to General Gaines to order a detachment to remove the Intruders 
from the Creek lands on the Georgia frontier. Captain Call informs me 
that much noise of opposition was threatened, and men collected for the 
purpose who seperated on the approach of the regulars, but who threaten 
to destroy the cherokees in the Valley as soon as these Troops are gone. 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 102; also in War Dept. files. 


September, 1820 31 


Capt. Call has addressed a letter to those infatuated people, with assurance 
of speedy and examplary punishment if they should attempt to carry their 
threats into execution. I have no doubt but the approach of the Troops so 
opportunely prevented disagreeable scenes, but I have no doubt but the 
Indian Light horse will be able to prevent intrusion hereafter. Their 
chiefs addressed to Captain Call the enclosed letter which he submitted 
to me,” having no power to act on it. | therefore enclose it to you, not 
having any power to oppose their request, that you may lay it before the 
President for his determination. I have no doubt but Colo. Galbreath 
and a few others named, cloathed with authority under the united states 
could render great security to the Indians in that quarter. Captain Call 
informs me, the boarder Citizens there, are of the worst characters and 
has treated the Indians badly. I shall be glad to hear from you on this 
subject as the chiefs await my answer. I have addressed them that I 
have forwarded their letter to their father the President of the U States.* 
I am Sir with due respect 


To SEcrRETARY CALHOUN.?! 


NASHVILLE, September 2, 1820. 

Sir, I have just received the enclosed letter from John Rogers the 
deputy from the Arkansa Cherokees, to the cherokees on Tennessee 
River now there, and hasten to lay it before you, believing with proper 
caution the information it contains may prove beneficial in laying the 
ground work, on which, the whole Georgia claim may be obtained from 
the Cherokees. This summer as I passed through the lower part of that 
nation, I was informed by a half Breed, Riley, that the opinion now 
expressed by Rogers was prevalent amongst the Indians in that part of 
the nation, and Hicks * and others threatened with death for deceiving 
them. I have now but little doubt, that a large portion of the real Indians 
wish to pass to the Arkansas, if they had the means. Might it not have a 
good effect to have this inquired into, and the real fact obtained; and if 
found true, could it not be carried into effect without much expense to the 
U. States, except the transportation and provisioning them. Let a con- 
fidential agent who will act impartially be appointed to go through the 
nation, and enroll all Indians who want to pass to the Arkansas, and when 
enrolled take their relinquishment of all their claim to land where they 
now live. As soon as this is done, let Congress provide the means of 


2 Not in the files ni pips gia ny ty ys re, 

8 paths , Jackson wrote to the Secretary of War as follows: : 

“3 ye a atiocs on my mission to the Chocktaw Nation, and met with Capt R K 
Call on his returne from performing the duties assigned him in the Cherokee Nation. 
I have directed him to make a report to you which, when received I trust will be satis- 
factory; and will shew that not with standing the duties, he had to performe were 
arduous, and delicate, that ap ag been executed, with both judgement, and prudence 
and much to the interest of the Cherokee-Nation and will have the effect in future of 
preventing the infraction of our Treaties with that Nation. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 76; also in War Dept. files. 

2 Elijah Hicks, clerk of the nation. 


5 


32 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


transporting and provisioning them and, pass a law providing that land 
shall be laid out for them adjoining the bounds of the Cherokees on 
Arkansas, and that a like portion of their land here, shall be surrendered 
to the state of Georgia adjoining the settled parts thereof. There can be 
no question but Congress has the right to legislate on this sub ject. 

The policy of treating with Indian tribes within the jurisdiction of the 
U. States, and acknowledging its Sovereignty, could only have arisen at 
a time when the arm of Government was too weak to execute any law 
passed for the regulation of the Indian tribes within our territorial limits. 
To treat with Indians acknowledging our sovereignty, and situate within 
our declared Territorial limits, as a nation, has always appeared very 
absurd to me; now when more justice can be done the Indians by Legi[s]- 
lation than by treaties, and the arm of Government is sufficiently strong 
to carry into effect any law that Congress may deem necessary and proper 
to pass for the welfare and happiness of the Indian and for the con- 
venience and benefit of the U. States, It appears to me that it is high time 
to do away the farce of treating with Indian tribes. Should it be the 
fact that the wish of the large mass of the cherokees on this side the M. 
River, are ripe for emigration, it opens a fair field for Legislative inter- 
ference by Congress, by which justice can [be] done the Indians, and the 
pledge of the union to Georgia, to extinguish the Indian title fulfilled. 
These are a few hasty remarks for your consideration. I have heretofore 
submitted to Mr. Monroe my ideas more fully 

I am, Sir, with sincere respect 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, September 15, 1820. 

. .. . enclose for your information a report of Maj Cary Nicholas, 
Batalion Pay Master on the Subject of the depreciated state of the funds 
received to meet his estimate for May and June current. 

You will see that the Draft is on the Nashville Bank, which only pays 
paper, which is at 12 or 15 percent below specie Value. And the Specie 
value of this paper is declining daily as well as all other paper of the 
Banks of this State, in conciquence of the establishment of a Bank by 
the last Session of our Legislature, with three milions of paper without 
one Dollar of Specie for its base.? added to this it is [rumored?], and 
that report has gained currency, that the Secretary of the Treasury has 
issued orders that no bills of the State of Tennessee, shall be received 
in payment of public lands, and that this order has reached the receiver 
of Public moneys at Huntsville. this true will give a Stroke to the credit 
of our Bank paper and reduce its value, as it will prevent its circulation 
in Alabama. It is unaccountable to me under these circumstancies, how 
it should happen that the Secretary of the Treasury has directed the paper 
of a non Specie paying Bank, to be placed in the hands of the Paymaster 
to pay the debts of the Government when by his direction the Agents 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 52. 


2See T. P. Abernethy, “ Andrew Jackson and the Ri ” 
Amer. Hist, Rev, XXXL 68 J and the Rise of Southwestern Democracy ”, 


November, 1820 33 


of Government will not receive it in discharge of debts due to it. The 
Officers of Government here will not receive it in discharge of the 
debts due them at par, and will be under the necessity of forwarding 
their accounts and receipts to the paymaster at Washington for payment. 
Eastern Notes command a premium here of from twenty to twenty five 
per cent in exchange for the paper of the Nashville Bank 

Yours Respectfully 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, November 13, 1820. 

.... I cannot omit bringing to view the conduct of the Choctaw 
factor Mr Horsey.’ I trust his conduct will be noticed by the Government, 
and he removed from his situation as factor. I enclose you the certificate 
of Mr E Duggan, a Gentleman who accompanied Genl Hinds to the treaty 
and remained there throughout the negotiation, and a man represented to 
me as a Gentleman of truth and respectability. It speaks a volume. In ad- 
dition to this I have to remark that this same Mr Horsey, wrote a very 
long letter to Major Pitchlyn United States interpreter,* with a request 
that he would read it to the chiefs of the Choctaw nation when assembled. 
Majr. Pitchlyn believing that the conduct of this man in writing this letter 
was improper, produced this letter to Genl Hinds and myself for our 
perusal. we find the whole object of this man was to mislead the Indians, 
thwart the views of Government, and prevent them from treating. we 
directed him not to read and interprit this letter to the cheifs, which he 
obeyed. Mr Horsey arrived at the treaty ground the day after the treaty 
was signed, I gave him a lecture, and informed him I should write you on 
the subject of his conduct, and I had no doubt but you would remove 
him. He professes religion, but as I believe without possessing it, and 
I am sure is doing no good but much evil. He must be one of those itiner- 
ant Yankies, who are endeavouring to poison the minds of our slaves, as 
well as the Indians, and who never ought to be entrusted with an office 
in a southern climate. .... 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.? 


NASHVILLE, November 30, 1820. 

. . . . When I gave the order to Capt Call to seize and deliver over 
to the civil authority, all persons (with their stock of every kind) found 
trespassing on the Indian land; I had before me the communication above 
referred to. I had positive tes[t]imony, that the Intruders and persons 
on the frontier were in the habit of driving large herds of cattle into the 
Indian Country, and salting them on the Ground; by which means they 
would become attached to the place, and if you drove them off they 
would immediately return to the place where they had been salted. There 
was no method left by which the Treaty, and Intercourse laws for the 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 56. 
2 John Hersey. 

3 See vol. I., p. 358, note I. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 60. 


34 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


protection of the Indians could be carried into effect, without considering 
those who drove stock on the Indian land as having committed a tres- 
pass, and seizing the stock thus driven damage feasant, and deliver them 
as such to the civil authority. For it would be a useless waste of time to 
drive off the stock from the Indian land, that would forthwith return. 
Three times I had the stock of intruders driven from the Cherokee land 
North of Tennessee river, their houses and improvements destroyed. But 
this availed nothing, the Troops would no sooner leave the country, than 
the Intruders would return. I then ordered the persons and property of 
all intruders to be seized and delivered to the civil authority, to be dealt 
with according to Law. This was executed, and the stock sold by the 
marshall at Nashville. After which intrusion ceased in that quarter. And 
I trust the late proceedings on the Georgia frontier, will have the same 
effect, and I am strongly impressed with a belief that this proceeding can 
be supported on principles of law and sound policy, notwithstand [ing] the 
Statue law is silent as to the mode of proceeding. The Treaty and Inter- 
course laws make, the driving of stock on the Indian land, a trespass, and 
surely when a crime is committed against positive law, it implies that 
there is a mode of punishment for that crime, and with due submission, 
I would suppose that Jurisdiction if not expressed must be implied, to 
punish a crime expressly declared to be such, both by Treaty and the Inter- 
course laws; and that the Judges of the Federal Court would sustain 
Jurisdiction of such crime in all cases where the proof was positive of 
the trespass being committed, and the person who committed the offence 
could not be taken. But Sir, in the present case I am of your opinion, as 
the property is now in the hands of the civil authority, and the Marshall 
has receipted for it, there is no necessity for our interferance 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


DEPARTMENT OF War, November 30, 1820. 

Sir, It appears by a letter of this Dept. dated the roth Decr. 1817 that 
the device of the medal voted to you by Congress was transmitted to 
you for objection or approval. It does not appear that you have returned 
it. If it be still in your possession I request it may be returned im- 
mediately, as an artist has at last been employed in this country to execute 
the medal. Your likeness has been received and is now in the possession 
of the artist. I regret exceedingly the delay which has taken place, but 
it was beyond the controul of the department and I now hope no further 
delay will be experienced. You will see by the enclosed extract from the 
Honble. Joseph Hopkinson President of the society of fine arts at Phila. 
that your profile likeness is required by the artist, and I request you 
will send it to me as early as practicable. 


I have the honor to be, Yours Respectfully, 


1 Replying to this letter, Dec. 28, 1820 Jack telat i 

i , . 28, 1820, son said: “I am apprehensiv it will 
Be some time before I can comply with the request of the Hontles oseph Dockinean ie 
y sending him my profile likeness—there being no mini 


: ; bein ature painter in thi a 
Present as soon as an opportunity will offer it will be taken and fobwatded ae ; 


January, 182r 35 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.2 


; NASHVILLE, December 21, 1820. 

Sir, Your’s of the 25th ulto. is just recd, with its enclosures; I have 
duly noted the contents and ordered Brevet Brig Genl Bissell by a con- 
fidential officer, to have a site for a Fortification on the Sabine selected 
and the country explored, and to report to me whether all the protection 
now afforded to the frontier by the Garrison at Natchitoches cannot be 
equally secured by advancing the Garrison of Nat. to a point on or near 
the Sabine river. There cannot exist any serious apprehension of an 
invasion of the Spaniards in that quarter whatever may be apprehended 
from their exciting the Indians to depredation on our frontier, and, as 
I believe, the only thing to be guarded against in that quarter, is Indian 
depredation. 

If we do not possess the Florida’s, I have supposed we would take 
possession of Texas and extend our Garrisons to our Territorial Limits ; 
by which we would overawe the Indians under Spanish influence, and 
form a Cordon of Posts from the Mandan Villages south west to 
the Rio Grand or Del norte, or at least as far west as Galvestown and 
direct to the mandan Villages. This I should suppose (if our Treaty with 
Spain is not ratified and we abandon the possession of the Floridas, 
and continue our claim over Texas) would be a thing necessarily follow- 
ing the abandonment of the principles contained in our Treaty with Spain. 
I must confess that I am one of those who believed and still believes, 
that our Treaty with spain as it respected our limits and the possession 
of the Floridas, was a good one. Texas for the present we could well do 
without. But without the Floridas our lower country cannot be made 
secure, and our Navy cannot afford protection to it in time of War. The 
idea of invading our Territory through the province of Texas, is to me 
absurd. Should it be attempted, a vigilant General with a competent 
force and transportation concentrated at New Orleans, could cut the In- 
vaders in the rear and destroy or capture the whole. No military man 
would hazard such a step with a view to conquer new orleans—one fourth 
his force in his front could bury him in the passes and defiles through 
which he would be compelled to advance. I therefore never had any 
apprehensions of an invasion from that quarter; but still have ordered 
the enquiry and a Topographical view of the country, and as soon as I 
receive the report, I shall act on the subject and make report thereof to 
you. Should we not have use for our military forces to occupy the 
Floridas, a Garrison on or near the Sabine will be useful to keep down 
the hostile spirit of the Indians.’ . . 


To PRESIDENT MoNnrRoOE.* 


DIvIsION OF THE SouUTH HEADQUARTERS, 
NASHVILLE, January 12, 1821. 
Sir, Being advised through a channel that deserves confidence, that 
the treaty on the part of Spain is ratified and on its way to America, and 
1 Copy. War Dept. files. 
2 Cf. Jackson to Monroe, June 20, 1820, ante, and Jackson to Francis P. Blair, Oct. 24, 


1844, post. 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Monroe MSS. 


36 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


believing, notwithstanding the exertions of a few that it will meet the 
approbation of the United States, and be ratified by the constitutional 
authority, I beg leave to lay before you two letters which I have some time 
since received, but have retained until intelligence of the ratification of the 
treaty by Spain, was received. 

The first is from Majr George W Martin, a young man of great 
cleverness, and who has during the Creek War and the defence of New 
Orleans done his duty faithfully in the staff and family of Genl John 
Coffee. He is a young Gentleman of great sobriety, industry and morality, 
competant to discharge the duties of the office of Marshall, for which he 
asks; or any other in which to be a good accountant, to possess industry, 
energy and honesty are necessary qualifications for the incumbent. I 
therefore earnestly sollicit for him the appointment of Marshall in the 
Florida’s as soon as we assume the government thereof. I can with 
truth say it cannot be better filled, either as it regards the Governmental 
or individual interest, or as it respects' the merits of the applicant. I 
therefore hope that he may not be neglected. 

The other letter is from one of our Circuit Judges, recommending 
Doctor Taylor originally from Virginia. He is a relation of Mr Madi- 
son’s, and from my acquaintance with him I suppose him worthy of the 
recommendation given him by the Judge (Alfred Harris). The Judge is 
a very worthy man, and in whose recommendation full credence ought 
to be reposed. I am certain that no consideration would induce him to 
attach merit to an unworthy individual. I hope therefore his letter will 
have due weight as it respects Doctor Taylor. 

I ask pardon for one observation more respecting Majr Martin and 
that is, he is needy. One cause of which is, that from the age of 18, from 
1812, until 1815, he was constantly in the field, all his private interest 
was neglected, and of course being then an Orphan without a guardian, 
his patrimony suffered. I name this believing it the duty of the Govern- 
ment whenever an individual has impaired his fortune in the service of 
that government, when an opportunity offers and an office presents itself 
to be filled, if that individual is in all respects competent to the duties, he 
ought to be preferred to another of only equal pretensions to qualifica- 
tion, who has rendered no service to his country nor suffered any priva- 
tions in its defence. Knowing and appreciating the services of Majr 
Martin, I know you will pardon me for this long letter in his favour. 

Accept assurances of my high consideration, respect and esteem and 
believe me to be Yr M Obt servant 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN.! 


NASHVILLE, January 18, 1821. 
oir, On yesterday a deputation of Cherokees from the Creek path 
Town, consisting of George Fields, Wolfe and Turtle Fields, handed me 


1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 194; also in War Dept. files, and in Am. St. Pap. 
Ind. Aff., II. 503. The enclosures have not been found. The letter, like that of Sept. 2, 
1820, shows that thus early Jackson believed that it was absurd to treat with Indians as 
though they constituted a sovereign state. 


January, 1821 37 


the enclosed letters marked A, B and C. The paper marked D, contains 
the explanation and talk delivered me by their confidential agent Turtle 
Field and subscribed to by the others, which is also enclosed. 

On my return from the Creek frontier last summer, and passing through 
the lower part of the Cherokee country, I found great dissatisfaction pre- 
vailed, arising from the jealousy of Hicks and others, which I believe I 
have communicated to you. 

When I set out to hold a Treaty with the Choctaws, I heard that the 
Path Killer had sent to me a deputation. They passed my house and find- 
ing me not at home, followed me to the Choctaw nation. That deputation 
consisted of part of the present (viz) George Fields and Wolfe. They 
remained with me during the negotiation with the Choctaws, and ap- 
peared very desirous that the Choctaws should obtain a country adjoin- 
ing their Cherokee Brothers on the Arkansas, that they might aid each 
other in the day of danger. Never did they hint their business until I 
reached Russelville (Alibama) on my return, and on the morning when 
we were to part. They then informed me of their instructions to consult 
me, whether their father the President of the U. States would, upon the 
terms mentioned in their talk marked D,? and herewith enclosed, give to 
them the reservation asked for? Informing me also, that they had no con- 
fidence in Hicks and others, that their people had not been heard in coun- 
cil, and for three years had not received any part of the annuities, and 
that they were fearful that Hicks etc. would at some future day cheat 
them out of their land. All of which they wish’d to make known to their 
father the President, and get him to secure them permanently in the 
bounds they now ask for. I then told them that I could make no com- 
munication to their father the President, until the chiefs of their Town 
would in writing address me on that subject; When that was done I 
would freely make it known through you to him, and I had no doubt but 
it would be granted. 

I do believe it to be a reasonable request and ought to be granted. It is 
a small area compared to what their population entitles them out of the 
whole country reserved to the Cherokee nation. The only good land asked 
for in the reserve, is on Thompson’s and Browns creeks—the distance 
from the one to the other is about one and a half miles, and from Brown’s 
creek to Short Creek is about one and a half. The whole reservation does 
not contain more than about six thousand acres of good land, the ballance 
is rock and mountain of the most rugged kind. 

I do believe in a political point of view, as well as in justice to these 
people, their prayer ought to be noticed. It is inviting Congress to take up 
the subject, and exercise its power under the Hopewell Treaty of regulat- 
ing all the Indian concerns, as it pleases. This is a precedent much wanted, 
that the absurdity in politics may cease, of a sovereign, independent na- 
tion holding Treaties with these people living within its territorial limits, 
acknowledging its sovereignty and laws, and who, altho’ not citizens, can- 
not be viewed as aleins, but as the real subjects of the United States. If 
Congress by law will on the terms proposed take up the subject and give 
them the grant asked for, it will give to Georgia and Alibama all the 


2No. 4 in Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., I. 504. 


38 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Cherokee lands not settled upon by those who will petition Congress at 
the next session, for the right of citizenship. In short I do believe in a 
very short time, these people will offer this part of reserved land to the 
U. States for lands on the Arkansas, and as part of the nation is now 
there, good policy will dictate the propriety of sending all those who do 
not wish to remain where they now are as citizens of the U. States. This 
belief however is bottomed on my opinion merely, and is to be taken as 
such. These people wanting to go to the Arkansas could not, unless they 
abandoned their improvements without compensation. 

They now fear the injustice of the upper part of the nation, and wish 
to become independent of them and wish to be in such a situation, that 
they can remain where they now are forever, or if they choose, exchange 
of their own accord for lands more beneficial to them. If the real object 
of the Government is to send all over the Mississippi that are not disposed 
to become citizens, to consolidate our southern population, now is the time 
for Congress to take up the subject, allow the grant, and establish a happy 
precedent that will establish hereafter the rule of Legislating for, rather 
than Treating with the Indians within our territorial limits. This will 
sectire to the Indians more justice, and a great saving to the nation. I 
have only to add, that I do hope their prayer may be granted, and the pre- 
cedent established of Congress legislating for them. 

I am Sir, with great respect 


PRESIDENT MONROE TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 24, 1821. 

Dear Sir, You will hear from other friends the proceedings of Con- 
gress, on the principle of Oeconomy, respecting the reduction of the 
army.* On that subject therefore I need say nothing. 

We expect daily the treaty from Spain ceding Florida, ratified by her 
govt. In that event, will you accept the govt. of the territory? The climate 
will suit you, and it will give me pleasure to place you in that trust. Let 
me hear from you, as soon as possible, as the arrangment must be made, 
during the present session of Congress, which will terminate, as you 
know, on the 3d of march. You declin’d it when I saw you,? but perhaps, 
further reflection may reconcile the measure to you. with the best regards 


of my whole family to you and mrs Jackson I am very sincerely your 
friend and servant 


To JAMEs Monroe.* 


HERMITAGE NEAR NASHVILLE, February 11, 1821. 

Dear Sir, Uhave the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your letter 
of the 24th ulto. 

I have read in the last papers a full detail of the proceedings of Con- 
gress, and it is with extreme regret that I find (from the mania for re- 
trenchment) a majority of the House of Representatives have lost sight 
of the safety of our country at home, and its character abroad. And if 
this mania is not restrained by the wisdom and firmness of the Senate, in 


1 Annals of Congress, 16 Cong., 2 sess., cols. 932-034 (House). 
2Tn 1810. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Monroe MSS. 


February, 1821 39 


the event of war, our country must mourn the useless loss of much blood 
and treasure, as well as great national disgrace. If Congress leaves the 
nation without complete defence, it at once invites invasion from abroad. 

I am pleased to learn that our treaty with Spain is ratified by her Gov- 
ernment. This with proper means, will afford ample security to the lower 
Country. You ask me, if I will accept the Government of this important 
Territory? I sincerely thank you for the friendly manner you have re- 
garded me, and the confidence you repose in me by this offer. Actuated 
from a belief, that my services would hot much avail the public good, nor 
materially benefit your administration, I first determined not to accept it; 
but from the solicitations of my friends at the City? as well as here, 
strongly urging a conviction that my acceptance of the appointment, would 
quicken the organization of the Government, and tend to draw to that 
country a respectable population, I have determined to accept it, provided 
it will answer your views, that I may resign as soon as the Government is 
organized and in full operation. If the appointment is given me, my private 
concerns will require this course. My means are not competant to bear 
the expenses necessary to execute the Government of that Territory for 
any length of time. My fortune and constitution have already been much 
impaired in the service of my country, and although a prejudiced world 
may now say, the Seminole Campaign was but a struggle for the present 
appointment, yet will I go on, and devote what remains of my strength to 
its best interests, and in the midst of retirement an unsullied conscience 
will bid me pray for its happiness, and raise my feeble voice in its behalf. 

I am Sir, with sincere regard Yr. Mo Obt servant 

[Indorsed by Monroe:] Genl. Jackson accepts govt of Florid: 


To Dr. James C. BRONAUGH. 
HERMITAGE, February 11, 1821. 

D’r Brunaugh. I recd. the letters and papers accompanied by your note 
of yesterday, I wayed the matter well and at one moment had concluded 
to accept the appointment offerred but on more mature reflection added 
to the repugnance of Mrs. J. to go to that country I have declined and so 
I have wrote the president and Sec of War.* 

With a small fund, and good recommendations a great spec might be 
made at Pensacola and Ft St Augustine, by the purchase of negroes from 
subjects who will leave the Territory. with a fourth advanced, one two 
and three years might be obtained for the ballance well guranteed. I name 
this to you that you may look and see—send my letters and papers and 
believe me to be sincerly your friend 


Isaac L, BAKER * TO JACKSON. 
NATCHEZ, February 18, 1821. 
. . . . I was gratified on reaching this place yesterday to find Mr Earle 
in this country.?, He has done well in exhibiting his full length likeness 


2 Washington. ; re , 

1 For explanation of the divergence between this letter and that which immediately pre- 
cedes, see the letter of Mar. 1 to“ -ral Coffee, post. 

1A Kentuckian, captain U. S. -.. till 1817, now a Louisiana planter. : ' 

2 See vol. II., p. 402. Ralph E. W. Earl, son of Ralph Earl, a wandering Connecticut 
painter, studied art in London in 1809 and 1810. Returning to the United States he adopted 


40 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


here as it has gratified the citizens and not been unprofitable to himself. 
An effort (which will succeed) is making here to raise a thousand Dol- 
lars to buy one for this city. When this arrangement is complete which is 
expected to morrow Mr Earle will go on to New Orleans where I have 
no doubt he will meet all the patronage he is entitled to receive. I will 
return as far as Plaquemine on my way home with him and will give him 
such letters to my friends in the city as may be of service to him. 

I send you with this a pamphlet lately much read and sought after in 
our state against the Robertson Dynasty,* which has declared open war 
against all your friends and adherents who dared to oppose their coming 
into power. They have quarrelled with the French and cannot get on well 
with only a moiety of the americans to aid them in the extraordinary 
game they are playing. 


SAMUEL KENNEDY TO JACKSON. 


PHILADELPHIA, February 20, 1821. 

Major Genl. Andrew Jackson 

Sir By order of the Association of American Artists, I am directed in 
their name to return you thanks for your Politeness in siting for your Pic- 
ture when in this City at their request, through the Intercession of Alder- 
man Carswell and others of your Friends, for the purpose of having an 
engraving taken therefrom and now request the favour, of your accep- 
tance of one framed and two unframed proof Impressions from the 
Plate; * which are forwarded you through Mr. F. Croft of New Orleans 
and which I hope will arrive safe and give you Pleasure. 

I have the honour to be, with every sentiment of Respect and Esteem, 

Your sincere well wisher and Obedt. Servt. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, March 1, 1821. 
. . . . On the subject of the traty with Spain the President believes it 
will be ratified by our government, and has wrote to know of me if I will 


the life of a travelling portrait painter and visited Mississippi. At Natchez he married 
a daughter of Mrs. Jackson’s sister Mrs. Jane Caffery (see vol. I., p. 214). Soon after- 
wards Earl became a widower and went to the Hermitage to live. He was a loyal and 
amiable friend and never outlived his welcome in Jackson’s household. He died at the 
Hermitage in 1837. He painted many portraits of Jackson and some portraits of Jackson’s 
political friends. They do not rank high in art, but they compare favorably with the work 
of the wandering portrait painters of the day. Jackson had a high opinion of “ my friend 
Earl” (see Pliny Earle, The Earle Family, p. 89 n. 


. 
, 


Referring to Earl’s portrait of Jackson exhibited in Natchez, Andrew J. Donelson wrote 
Jackson from New Orleans, Mar. 3, 1821, as follows: “Mr Duncan has favoured 
Mr Earl with a room in his private house, in which hangs the portrait of Genl J. It is 
pronounced by all who have seen it, the best likeness ever exhibited in the city. There is 
no doubt of the Corporation’s taking a copy. The city council of Natchez have agreed 
to compensate Mr Earl with $1000, if he furnishes them with a copy in four months from 
ths tions of their meeting, last month, Mr Earl is well and sends his best wishes to yourself 
and Aunt.” 

8’ Thomas B. Robertson, governor of Louisiana 1820-1824. 

1 Apparently the engraving by James B. Longacre, published Nov. 2, 1820, from a paint- 
ing by Thomas Sully. W. S. Baker, American Engravers (Philadelphia, 1875), p. 106. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


March, 1821 41 


accept the government. I had said to him when in this country I would 
not, he requests me to reconsider the subject, and the secretary of war has 
united with the President on this subject. Major Eaton writes me that 
my friends in congress is determined to have me appointed whether I will 
accept or not, from which I infer there is some strong political reason 
operating with my friends for their solicitude upon this occasion. I had 
determined, and prepared letters to that effect, saying I would not accept 
the appointment. my friends at Nashyille grew impatient at my decision 
and on their solicitation believing my letters had gone on the previous mail 
said to them, if they would apply at the office, if my letters had not gone 
on I would say to the President I would accept it, and organise the gov- 
ernment, with the understanding that I might resign, as soon thereafter 
as I thought proper. my letters had not gone on, and thus I have written 
to Mr Monroe. if these letters gets on before the President is compelled 
to make the nomination I will receive the appointment, my hopes are that 
they letters will not reach there before the 3d of March, they cannot be- 
fore the first, for I assure you it will be with great reluctance I will go to 
that country in the capacity of governor, a few days will decide this ques- 
tion, when you will hear from me. .... 


JAMEs J. HANNA TO JACKSON." 
Norro_k, Va., March 1, 1821. 
D sir, I wrote you a few days ago from Petersburg which letter I sup- 
pose you have received before this. I have not been able to do any thing 


1 The following statement of account, without date, belongs with this letter: 
“Low Jase J. diana, Dr; 


To half of the travelling expenses from Nashville to Milton $28.4334 $14.22 
“ Mine and Mr. Samuels expenses to Petersbg. on your business exclusively $14.75 
“ Cash. Paid Parrish the Gaoler’s bill 146.80 
“ 1 pr Shoes and Socks for Tom 1.50 a 
1 Blanket 1.75 2 
“ My Exps. to Norfolk and while detained there 19.25 
“ Mr Samuels. Exps. from Petersburg with Tom 9.00 
“ 9 days. Mr. S. was employed to P. and back at 4/6 6.75 
“ Cash paid for a horse for Tom 50.00 
Saddle and bridle 7.50 59.00 
Shoeing for horse 1.50 . 
Pd. for. pr pantaloons and another pr of shoes for Tom at Milton 2.12% 
“ Cash paid Toms Exps. from Milton ; 14.41 
“ Your proportion of my exps. $27.57 for Milton home 13.78 
Contra Cr. ‘ $303.33% 
By Cash Recd. of you at Nashville. 
in Tennessee Money $50.00 
In Eastern do. 150.00 
200.00 
$103.33% 


The above balance was advanced in eastern money 
Expenses. to Capt. Amis with Jas. J. Hanna your mare and back to 
WG. HH: 


Nash 3.37% 


$106.71 


[Indorsement in Jackson’s handwriting:] Jas. Hannas letter. Bill of expenses, Bill of 
Sale of Ned Bot. of R. B. Wilson on Deep Creek near Norfolk. Ned ran away, has been 
advertised, by Mr. Hanna. Bill of sale given to Mr Jams. Hanna the property of Ned A. 


Jacksons, if regained 


49 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


with Ned, who is still out, nor have I been able to discover his wife to 
make the proposition to her you desired. from what I know of the Ne- 
groes in this part of the World, I am sure it would be of no avail even if 
I had seen her. A day or two after my arrival I was offered $300 in cash 
for Ned as he ran and agreed to take it and after waiting untill today for 
the man to raise the money, I now find he either cannot do it or wishes to 
get the fellow for half nothing; I have a great deal of confidence in 
Mr Ogg, (the gentleman who you will recollect I wrote to last summer to 
sell him, from whom I have met with a great deal of friendship) and have 
left a power of attorney with him to sell him, (he says he will be able to 
get $350 for him), which is the only thing I am able to do: The fellow 
has been frequently seen and heard of and there are many who would buy 
him, but they suppose that I am compelled to take whatever they choose to 
offer for him. The mare is in very good order and full of spirit, I shall 
go to Washington in the morning thence to Nash. and after completing 
my business take her to Sir Archie. Give my respects to Mrs Jackson, and 
Andrew, and belive me, Yours very Respectfully 


THE SECRETARY OF STATE (JOHN Quincy ADAMS) TO JACKSON.” 


WASHINGTON, March 12, 1821. 

Sir, By direction of the President of the United States, I have the 
honor of transmitting to you three Commissions, 

1.—As Commissioner to receive possession of the Provinces of East 

and West Florida, conformably to the Treaty between the United 
Str? aiid Spain, concluded on the 22d of February 1810. 

2.—z::s Governor of the whole Territories of which possession is to be 

thus taken. 

3.—As Commissioner vested with special and extraordinary powers, 

conformably to the stipulations of the Treaty and to the Act of 
Congress for carrying the same into execution; copies of both 
which are also among the enclosures with this letter. 

Together with the Spanish Ratification of the Treaty, there was trans- 
mitted to the Spanish Minister at this place a Royal Order, to the Captain 
General and Governor of the Island of Cuba, for delivering possession 
of the Provinces of East and West Florida, according to the stipulations 
of the second article of the Treaty.? 

Colonel James G. Forbes has been appointed by the President Agent 
and Commissary to deliver this Royal Order to the Governor of Cuba, to 
concert and arrange with him the execution of it, and to receive any docu- 
ments or archives which may be at the Havanna, and which are stipulated 
to be delivered by this article. A copy of his Instructions is herewith en- 
closed; * by which you will perceive, that he is to deliver over to you all 
such documents or archives as he may receive at the Havanna. It is de- 


1 This letter is in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 750. In the same volume are Jack- 
son’s three commissions here mentioned (pp. 751, 752). 

2 Dated Oct. 24, 1820. The copy is in the Jackson MSS. 

8 Dated Mar. 10, 1821. The copy is in the Jackson MSS. On the transfer of Florida 
archives see R, R. Hill, Descriptive Catalogue of Papeles procedentes de Cuba (Wash- 
ington, Carnegie Institution, 1916), pp. xx-xxiii. 


March, 1821 43 


sirable that those relating to each of the two Provinces should be kept 
distinct from each other, and that this Government should be informed 
generally of their character and quantity. 

Colonel Forbes is to take passage at New York, in the United States’ 
Sloop of War Hornet, Captain Read; and, on arriving at Pensacola, is to 
give you immediate notice, that you may repair thither to receive posses- 
sion of that place. The Hornet is to remain there to escort the transports, 
in which the Spanish officers and troops, and their baggage, are to be con- 
veyed to the Havanna. The Spanish Minister * has expressed a strong 
wish, that no troops of the United States may be introduced into Pensa- 
cola or St. Augustine, until after the evacuation by those of Spain. The 
object of this request being to avoid any possible unpleasant altercations 
between the soldiers of the two nations, the President thinks it reasonable 
to comply with it, unless you should be of opinion that it will be attended 
with inconvenience. In that event, he relies that you will take every mea- 
sure of precaution which may be necessary to guard against any such 
collisions between the soldiers; and he trusts with confidence that in every 
arrangement for the evacuation, the utmost delicacy will be observed to 
avoid every thing which might tend to wound the feelings of any of the 
Spanish officers, soldiers, or subjects, who are to remove. 

It is the President’s desire, that you should appoint General Gaines, or 
such other officer as you may deem expedient, to receive possession of 
St. Augustine; and that the same Instructions should be applied to the 
execution of that service. The United States’ Brig Enterprize, or Sch. 
Porpoise, will be ordered to proceed to that place, to escort the transports 
which are to convey the Spanish officers and troops thence to the Havanna. 
The care of providing the transports at both places is referred to you. 
The number of troops at either place is not known, but supposed to 
amount to about 500 men at each. The stipulation is understood to in- 
clude civil as well as military officers, and provisions as well as passage. 
Instructions will be given by the Secretary of War to the Quarter-Masters 
and Commissaries to furnish to your orders provisions and transports 
for the conveyance of the Spanish officers and troops.* It is expected they 
will be supplied at New Orleans and Mobile, for those to embark within 
the Gulph, and at Savannah and Charleston for those going from St. 
Augustine. 

A copy and translation of the Royal Order to the Governor of Cuba, 
for delivering the possession of the Provinces, are among the enclosures 
herewith. You will observe, that it includes expressly the islands apperti- 
nent to them. It will be proper that attention should be paid to taking 
possession of all these islands; but it may not be necessary that a formal 
delivery of them in every case should be made. 

On receiving from the Governors of West and of East Florida posses- 
sion of those respective Provinces, it will be proper to exchange certifi- 
cates of the time and mode of the transaction: orders for the delivery of 
any military posts within the Provinces will be expected, and they will be 
occupied by detachments of our troops as you may deem expedient. 


4 Don Francisco Dionisio Vives. 
5 See Calhoun to Jackson, Mar. 22, 1821, in Correspondence of John C. Calhoun, p. 181. 


44 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


As soon as the possession shall be transferred, you will, in pursuance 
of your authority over the ceded territories, issue proclamations an- 
nouncing the fact. A form, adopted from that which was issued on the 
first occupation of Louisiana, is herewith enclosed, to be modified as the 
circumstances in your opinion may require. 

The powers, vested in you by the enclosed Commissions, are also con- 
formable to those which were entrusted to the Governor of Louisiana, 
under an Act of Congress of similar import. The President is satisfied 
that they will be exercised by you with a due regard as well to the privi- 
liges and usages of the inhabitants under the Government to which they 
have been subject, as to the personal and social rights to which they will 
be entitled by the stipulations of the Treaty, and as associates to the Union 
of these States. The money paid into the Spanish treasury before the 
delivery of possession, and whatever may be due thereto at that date, is to 
be considered as the property of Spain. Payments and debts subsequent 
to that date will belong of course to the United States. 

The laws of the United States relating to the revenue and its collec- 
tion, and those relating to the introduction of persons of color, being ex- 
tended, by the Act of Congress, to the Territory, the execution of them 
will be superintended by officers to be appointed for the several collection 
districts to be established by the President conformably to the law. 

Your compensation as Governor will be at the rate of five thousand 
dollars a year. As Commissioner for receiving possession of the Prov- 
inces, such reasonable expenses as may be incurred will be allowed. When- 
ever your military command ceases, your salary as Governor will com- 
menice. 

In the taking of possession of St. Augustine and East-Florida, similar 
proceedings to those relative to the occupation of West-Florida will be 
proper. Both Provinces being placed under your direction, the Proclama- 
tion to be issued there will be in your name; and General Gaines, or such 
other officer as you may appoint, will be instructed to consider himself, 
for all the purposes of the Government, subject to your orders. 

At the ensuing session of Congress, it is to be presumed one of the 
earliest objects of attention, to that body will be, to make further provi- 
sion for the Government of these territories. The President wishes you, 
in the interval, to collect and communicate to this Department any infor- 
mation, relating to the country and its inhabitants, which may be useful 
to the exercise of the legislative authority of the Union concerning them. 

For the expenses incident to the services herewith required, you will 
draw upon this Department. Strict economy is to be observed in in- 
curring them; and I have urgently to request the transmission, as early as 
possible, of all the accounts resulting from them, with the vouchers neces- 
sary for their settlement at the Treasury. 

I am with great respect, Sir, your very humble and obedt. servt. 


SECRETARY ADAMS TO JACKSON." 
DEPARTMENT OF STATE, March 23, 1821. 
Sir, By the second article of the Florida Treaty, it is stipulated that 
with the Territories of East and West Florida, the fortifications within 


1 This letter is in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 753. 


March, 1821 45 


transporting 
express engagement on the part of the United States, rep Hci 
visions to the Spanish Officers and Troops on the passage. 

It is the opinion of the President, that by a fair and just construction 
of the Treaty, the Cannon belonging to the fortifications are to be con- 
sidered as es to them, included in the cession, and are therefore 
to be left with them. On the same principle he is of opinion, that with the 
transports and escort to convey the Spanish Officers and troops and their 

, the provisions necessary for the passage, are also to be furnished 
at the expense of the United States, although not specially mentioned in 
the Treaty; and orders have accordingly been given for the supply of 
provisions. 

It is however possible that the Spanish Governors of East and West 
Florida, may upon a different construction of the Treaty, claim to carry 
alii Cannon items tee tortihcations, because they are not expressly 
named in the article. You will in that case daimn that they should be leit 


rembursed for the expense of supplying the provisions. 
You will add that as there is no engagement on their part express 


ene h Aime 
I am, with Great Respect, Sir, your very humble and Obedt. Servt. 


To Mayor Arran Campserr” 
He2uitacz, March 31, 1821. 


Leger Congress, Donelson Pagers. On Jan. 6, 1830, Major Cazspbell, who lived in 
A ee Ot ee tettis Se Nie cod ached Jockoon's conecet to is 


46 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The idea given me in your letter before me of the 18th comports with 
the rule I have long since adopted. I give no pledges on any subject. If 
elevated to the Presidential chair it shall be by the free will of the people 
who have the sovereign right to call me there—my duty to them, to 
remain free and unpledged and go there with clean hands without bargain, 
pledge, or management, and if, I ever be there, it will be agreeable to this 
rule laid down. 

I would visit Kentucky with much pleasure, but when I see with what 
propriety the public Journals have lashed the heads of departments for 
their electioneering tours last year, I cannot subject myself to such impu- 
tations when my politics are so much at variance with such a course— 
wherever business leads me, there I will go, and I will visit Kentucky with 
much pleasure when I can without the imputation of electioneering tour. 

Accept the assurance of my great respect and believe me your most 
obdt. servt. 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.’* 


NASHVILLE, March 31, 1821. 

.... I sincerely regret that I did not adhere to my first determination 
not to accept the Goverment of Floridas, your aunt appears very reluctant 
to go to that climate and really I am wearied with Public life, But it 
is too late to ldok back, and I will organise the Goverment, and retire to 
private life. I know even in this I make a great private sacrafice; but 
my word is out and I must comply at any sacrafice. What may be my 
compensation I know not but whatever it may be I am determined to 
spend it, and to live within... .. 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON, 


War DEPARTMENT, April 8, 1821. 

Dear Sir, I have been prevented by a continued pressure of official 
duties from acknowledging the pleasure, which your favour of the 11th 
Febury afforded me. 

While, I consider an attachment to mere popularity, as an evidence of 
weakness and vice, I look upon the love of a just renown, as the highest 
evidence of exalted worth and greatness. The former may be won by 
intrigue or hypocrisy ; the latter only by great and magnanimous actions. 
The one regards the present ; the other looks to futurity. None can doubt, 
which of these you have persued. Had mere popularity been your object, 
many of those sacrifices, which now distinguish your life, would have been 
spared ; but then that deep debt, which you will have left on your country 
and posterity, would not have existed. You may feel the effects of course 
in a constitution shattered by exertions beyond your physical strength, 
but the balmy contentment of having faithfully discharged your duty will 
never forsake you. 

Thus regarding your character and actions, I cannot but highly prize 
the approbation, which you have expressed of my political conduct. I 
shall carry the remembrance of it, with me through life. Should I meet 
with the approbation of the wise and good, I ask no more. I think too 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


April, 1821 47 


highly of our country and love it, I hope, too dearly to sport with its 
destinies. Looking to its future security and greatness, I must often incur 
the censure of those, whose policy revolves round their own private inter- 
est. I am ready to meet it and shall, I trust, never be driven out of my 
course by it.* 

I am glad you have accepted of the governorship of Florida. It has 
in fact afforded almost universal satisfaction. The climate, I doubt not, 
will prove highly genial and may add many years to your valuable life. It 
will not, however, be necessary for me to say, that you ought to take 
some precaution in not exposing yourself too freely to its intense summer 
sun. 

Your sentiments in relation to Col Gadsden are those which I feel for 
him. No one can prize him more highly than myself. His prospect in 
the army is of the brightest character. The Senate so modified the bill 
from the house, as to retain the office which he holds; * but had not that 
been done, I was determined, if possible, to retain his services by finding 
some place in the army equal to his present grade. 

The subject of the reduction of the army will be under consideration 
this week. I hope the whole of its talents and experience may be saved. 
I have no doubt of the disposition of the President towards Col Butler, 
and that an arrangement will be made as to him, which will be satisfactory 
to his friends. 

Believing that you would not be in Nashville at the time, which it 
would require for the mail to convey this to that place, I have directed to 
Montpelier,? where I hope it will meet you in good health. Tho’ the official 
relation, which has existed between us for some time, is about to termi- 
nate, yet I shall be very happy to hear from you whenever your con- 
venience may permit. Wishing you long life and every happiness, I 


remain, 
With sentiment of great respect and esteem 


To BRrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 
HermiTacE, April 11, 1821. 
D’r Genl. I have no doubt but you have been advised of my having 
consented to go to Florida and organise the government there. this may 
astonish you from the firm determination I had taken not to accept it, 
and my long and anxious desire for retirement, but when I tell you, that 
the change of this my determination was brought about by the solicitations 
of the President, the secretary of war, and many of my friends in con- 


1 Calhoun’s flattering language to Jackson reappears about this time in several of his 
letters. In a letter of Mar. 7, 1821, he wrote: “ My course is fixed and nothing will turn 
me from it. The prosperity of this Republick is too important to make it subordinate to 
personal agrandizement, or gratificatior. As to yourself you are beyond the shaf[t]s of 
any. Time, which destroys most men’s fame will but add to yours. Your country’s fame 
and your’s is one; and I would rather have your good opinion with the approbation of my 
own mind, than all of the popularity, which a pretended love of the people, and a course 
of popularity hunting, can excite. To love the people is to promote their lasting interest ; 
and not to flatter them; and on this principle posterity will decide.” ~ ; 

2Inspector general. In August, 1821, the President appointed him adjutant general, 
but the appointment was not confirmed by the Senate, and expired Mar. 22, 1822. 

3 Montpelier, Ala., was near Fort Montgomery, 1. ¢., east of the Alabama River and a 
little above its junction with the Tombigbee. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


6 


48 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


gress, and many others, it may absolve me from the appearance of in- 
stability in my resolves. Mr James Jackson when you see him will explain 
to you more fully, the propriety of this change in me. I must confess 
I enter upon this duty with more reluctance and regret, than any'in my 
life, and the great reluctance of Mrs J, added to her bad health, increases 
my regret, she has consented to go with me, but could not consent to leave 
her son, he goes also. I should have taken with me my little Andrew 
J Hutchings,? but I am aware if I did, and any accident happen his 
grandfather would believe I had destroyed him that his estate should go 
to his fathers family. I have therefore left him at school, and have got 
Mrs Knox to remain here and take care of him untill we return which 
I hope will be in the next fall. we set out tomorrow for Nashville and 
expect to sail sunday next for Montpelier via Orleans to which point I 
am first ordered. I shall if possible before I leave Nashville have a bill 
filed and leave in the hands of Mr McLemore, as guardian of little An- 
drew Hutchings, against Bennett Smith. I shall also leave the note of 
James Jackson and Co, to me as guardian in the hands of Mr McLemore, 
that in case Smith should recover the amount may be collected by you 
and paid, and you as executor exhonorated, but I wish to prosecute this 
suit to an injunction. .... 


JACKSON IN AccouUNT wiTH S. W. Stout AND ComMPANY. 


Genrl A Jackson NASHVILLE, April 14, 1821. 
to S W Stout and co 
to 1 Set of coachee harness $160. 
to painting coachee_—_ - - - - - - - = 40. 
to 1 Dozen Moroco Skins a2. 
to 11 yds of Broad Lace—$1.10 12.10 
to 38 Do of faste[n]ing and Sewing 1/6 9.50 
to Workmanship in triming 40. 
to New leathering coachmans Seat 8.50 
to 6 New curtaines 4. 24. 
to 1 Set of thorough Braces 14. 
to 2 Swingle tree Leathers 6/ 2. 
to I pr of pole shaf[t]s 5. 
to 1 New glass 3: 
to eavening glass frames 3.50 
to Leathering Step = 
to 1 New pole 3.50 
to mending Stay 75 
to repaires to body “tyes 
to 3 Dozen plated Nobs 7/6 5.75 
to New Wareing Leathers Fa 
by the old harness ee ee 
Recvd payment S. W. Stout and co 329310 


2 Son of a nephew of Mrs. Jackson. 
1 The sum should be $368.10, 


April, 1821 49 


To SECRETARY ADAMS, 


: New OrzeEans, April 24, 1821. 

Sa, On the evening of the 22nd inst, I reached this city on my way to 
Montpelier, and will if I can procure a transport, proceed on my journey 
on the 26th instant. 

Immediately on my arrival Mr Frommentin? waited upon me, and 
produced a commission dated in the year 1819, authorising him to receive 
the Floridas together with the Archives at Pensacola and St Augustine. 
He appears to be impressed with a belief, that although, that part of his 
commission to receive the Floridas was superseded, yet as the executive 
had been silent on the subject of the Archives to be recd. at Pensacola 
etc., that he with my approval was entitled to the safe keeping of them. 
From the tenor of my instructions, I do not conceive that I can create 
any office in the Floridas that does not exist there at present, and that 
clerks of any kind except those that are contemplated under my instruc- 
tion to translate and transcribe the Archives for the information of the 
President, cannot be necessary until the next meeting of Congress. How- 
ever should the President be of opinion that a safe keeper of the Archives 
should be necessary, and that Mr Frommentine should be appointed to that 
trust, and express thd same to me with the salary to be annexed, I will 
immediately notify Mr Frommentin thereof and request his removal 
to Pansacola. But it does not appear to me that there can arise a necessity 
for any individual to have a copy of any of the records before the meeting 
of next Congress. I shall therefore not make any appointment of this 
kind, until I hear from the President on the subject. 

I have here met with Majr Staunton of the Quarter-Masters Depart- 
ment, who advises me that he is without Quartermaster funds for the 
purpose of carrying into effect the transportation of the civil and military 
officers of Spain, from the Florida’s as stipulated under the late treaty 
with Spain, and informs me that it is understood by the Quar[ter ]-Master 
Genl., that through me the funds necessary to carry into effect the stipu- 
lation for transporting the Spanish Troops are to be obtained. From the 
perusal of my instructions, it does not appear that I am authorised to draw 
upon the State Department for Quartermaster funds, but will take upon 
me the responsibility so to do. I thought it most advisable to endeavour 
to raise here by a draft upon your Department the sum necessary to meet 
the expenses of receiving the country and organising the Government, 
fearing that a draft would not be sold at Mobile or Pensacola. for this 
purpose I offered for sale a draft, and found I could not obtain United 
States paper for it without a discount, I therefore directed Majr Staunton 
to apply to the Branch Bank of the United States, to be informed whether 
it would advance upon my draft—it refused. I then addressed a note to 


1State Dept., Territorial Papers, Florida; also in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 756. 
Other letters from Jackson to Adams in the same volume are dated Apr. 2, 10, 12, 1821 
} -756). oe 
(PP AP a. Heomentin of New Orleans (d. 1822) was U. S. senator from Louisiana 1813- 
1819. On May 18, 1821, President Monroe commissioned him as U. S. judge for West 
Florida and the western part of East Florida. His conflicts with Jackson in the Callava 


affair appear later. 


50 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the collector Mr Chew, the enclosed is his answer.* I also enclose the 
statement of Majr Staunton, from all which you will discover that with- 
out a discount, money cannot be obtained here on drafts upon the Govern- 
ment—no delay however shall occur in the transportation of the Spanish 
Troops from the want of funds, as far as I can command them, nor will 
I ever consent to sell bills on the Government at a discount to any, and 
more particularly to the Branch Bank of the United States, in which 
is depositted all the revenue of the Government recd. at this place. I shall 
endeavour at Mobile or Pensacola to raise the necessary funds on drafts. 
Should I fail there, I trust upon the receipt of this, the Government will 
instruct the Branch Bank to furnish me with the amount that may be 
necessary to meet’ the expenses that may occur in receiving the Floridas 
and organising the Government thereof 
I am Sir with great respect 


Major HENry STANTON * TO JACKSON. 


New Orteans, April 25, 1821. 

Sir, Agreeable to your request, of this morning I waited on the Cashier 
of the United States Branch Bank and stated to him your wish to 
negotiate, through his Bank a draft on Washington for ten or fifteen 
thousand Dollars, which he perimptorily declined doing. Knowing the im- 
portance of obtaining funds, and that money could not be had in market 
for drafts, but at a discount, I ventured to state to the Cashier, such 
reasons as suggested themselves to my mind, why the favour requested 
should be granted; and the very serious embarrassment that might result 
to the public service should he persist in his refusal which however, he 
thought proper to do without assigning any other reason than that the 
instructions of the mother Bank forbade his negotiating drafts. 

I have the honor to be 


To THE GOVERNOR OF WeEsT Fiorina (JosE CALLAvA).* 


MonTPeELter,” April 30, 1821. 
Sir, I have the honor to inform your excellency that I have been duly 
commissioned by the President of the United States, to receive possession 
of the Floridas agreeably to the stipulations of the late treaty, between 
the United States and His Catholick Majesty. I have also to state, that 
Col. James Forbes has sailed from New York to Havanna charged with 


* Chew’s reply, Apr. 26, was to the effect that under his instructions he could not 
advance the money without a special order from the Secretary of the Treasury. This 
incident was later mentioned as the beginning of Jackson’s hostility to the Bank of the 
United States (Parton’s Jackson, II. 596); but there is nothing in the Jackson MSS. to 
show that he remembered the affair longer than during his brief stay in Florida. He did 
not hesitate, while governor of that country, to endorse a request that a branch of the bank 
be established in Pensacola. See Jackson to Secretary Adams, Aug. 15, 1821, post. 

pas pase ss general, 

tate Dept., B. I. A., Misc. Lett., 81; printed in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel. ; é 
Callava had been commandant of Pensacola since February, ae vegas 

* No explanation can be offered for this date-line. In his letter to Adams of May 1 

Jackson says that he reached Blakely on Apr. 29 and was still there when he wrote. 


April, 1821 51 


the royal Order to the Capt. Genl. for the delivery of the countries ceded 
to the United States by the said treaty, and that he is to communicate to 
me from Pensacola immediately on his arrival, which may be daily 
expected. 

Being desirous, in order to avoid all unnecessary delay, to have in 
readiness on the arrival of Col. Forbes, from Cuba, the necessary trans- 
ports for the civil and military officers, and the troops of His Catholick 
majesty, agreeably to the stipulations of the treaty, as well as for their 
supplies, (according to the liberal construction which the President is 
disposed to give to the treaty) I have to request you to inform me of the 
number of Officers, and troops, to be transported from Pensacola and 
St Marks, and also of the number of days in which the passage from Pen- 
sacola to Havanna is usually performed. As the transports and supplies, 
will be procured at New Orleans, you will be pleased to inform me, what 
length of time will be necessary on your part, after the arrival of the 
order from the Captain Genl. to enable you to make the necessary prepara- 
tions to embark. This information is requested in order that I may have 
every thing in a state of preparation for your transportation the moment 
you are ready. It is also important to enable me to have the necessary 
supplies transported to Pensacola and St Marks, and in depos for the 
troops which are to occupy the Florida’s. 

It being communicated to me, that it is expected from the assurance 
of the minister of His Catholick Majesty at Washington, that no unneces- 
sary delay will take place in delivering possession of the Florida’s, I have 
ordered the supplies of the troops of the United States to be forwarded 
to Pensacola and St. Augustine, and they are expected to arrive at those 
points by the fifteenth of the next month. The situation of my troops in 
the interiour and the difficulty of supplying them there, render this step 
necessary, and orders have been given to expedite no further supplies to 
the places which those troops at present occupy. A removal of them, at 
an early day, is therefore rendered necessa[r]y, and I have no disposi- 
tion (unless urged by necessity) to move my troops to any garrison 
occupied by the troops of his Catholick Majesty, until the same shall be 
evacuated, being, I assure you, earnestly desirous, that nothing may occur 
to disturb that harmony, and good understanding, which at present so 
happily exists, between our respective governments, and the citizens and 
subjects of each. 

From a wish to maintain the most perfect harmony and good under- 
standing between us, during our correspondence, I have charged the 
bearers of this communication, Doctor J C Bronaugh Surgeon General 
of the Southern division, and my friend and one of my private Secretaries, 
Judge Breckenridge,® to make known to you, the sincere desire on my 
part, to carry into effect the stipulations of the treaty and the surrender 
of the Florida’s, with the utmost good faith, and amity with the officers 
of His Catholick Majesty, as well as the promptness with which every 


3 Henry M. Brackenridge (1786-1871), lawyer and literary man. Jackson, immediately 
after the cession effected on July 17, made him alcalde of Pensacola; from 1822-1832 he 


was U. S. judge in West Florida. 


52 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


thing stipulated under the treaty on the part of the Government of the 
United States, will be executed agreeably to the most liberal construction 
of that instrument. 

I am Sir with sentiments of respect 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.* 


BLAKELEY, May I, 1821. 

Sir, I arrived at this place on the morning of the 29th Ult. and im- 
mediately communicated with Montpelier by express; which returned 
last evening, with information that no advices had been received there 
from Col. Forbes. 

Being informed that associations exist, for the purposes of introducing 
a number of Africans into Florida, before the change of Government ; 
and for this purpose an agent from Baltimore and another from the East, 
are now, the one in Pensacola and the other in Cuba or Bahama Islands, 
To obtain possession of the ceded Country as soon as possible and thereby 
prevent the furtherance of this dreaded evil, I have this morning dis- 
patched Doctr. Bronaugh and Judge Brackenridge, with communications 
to the Governor of Pensacola, copies of which I send you herewith Marked 
No. 1 andi2,? and also with instructions to enquire into the truth of a 
complaint made to me in New Orleans and reiterated here, that, the 
Spanish subjects in Pensacola are in the habit constantly of pulling down 
the houses of non-resident Americans, for fuel. 

My Aid de Camp Capt. Call, whom I sent from Nashville over land 
to Montpelier, has not reached that place owing it is believed to the 
unusual freshets, prevalent in the upper country. This will detain me 
here, untill the arrival of my horses and untill the return of the Gentle- 
men whom I have sent to Pensacola. I have directed Col Brook,® in 
Command at Montpelier, to ‘forward to this place all communications 
which may be received at Montpelier for me. As soon as I hear from the 
Governor of Pensacola I will communicate to you his reply. 

I have signified to Commodore Patterson the propriety of sending a 
vessel to take a recognizance of the Florida coast as far as Tampa Bay, 
to intercept any American vessel loaded in whole or in part, with Africans. 
From conversing with Majr. Staunton of the Quarter Masters Depart- 
ment, on the subject of suppli[e]s for the Spanish Officers and soldiers 
on their voyage to Cuba and the inconvenience of preparing their bread 
on board; I have directed him to order Capt. Rodgers of the Commisariat 
Dept. at Orleans to have a sufficient quantity of sea biscuit, prepared for 


1 State Department, B. I. A., Misc. Lett., 81. Jackson left Nashville Apr. 12. goi 
way of New Orleans. He landed at Blakely on Apr. 29, remained there fe days ner a 
went to Montpelier, where he Stayed five weeks. When he knew that Forbes had suc- 
ceeded at, Havana and had arrived at Pensacola he crossed the Florida fine and reached 
Manuel’s” (the estate of Manuel Gonzalez, fifteen miles from Pensacola) on June 17 
Other obstacles to immediate transfer now arose and he remained at Manuel’s until 


July 10. Governor Callava’s attitude was indifferent and aroused ing i 

1 ‘ ; much feeling in Jackson’s 

eee two interesting letters on the events, by Mrs. Jackson, see Pane Glaes 
. 507, 603. 


2 No. 1 is a letter introducing Dr. Bronaugh and Jud i i 
letter immediately preceding. g sb ne see fou ge 


’ Brevet Col. George M. Brooke, 4th Infantry. 


May, 1821 53 


their supply. In this arrangement there will be a saving of Tonage to the 
U States and it will have the happy effect of preventing any complaints 
from Spain on the score of supplies or as to the liberality of the Govern- 
ment of the U States in their construction of the Treaty. I hope this 
measure will.meet the approbation of the President. 

With high consideration and respect I have the Honor to be 


To SECRETARY ADAMs.' 


BLAKELY, May 7, 1821. 

Sir, In my letter of the 1st instant, I advised you of my arrival here, 
of communicating with Montpelier and hearing nothing from Col. Forbes, 
of my sending Doctor Bronough and Judge Breckenridge, to obtain in- 
formation necessary to be had, before I gave instructions to Majr Staun- 
ton, Quarter master, to provide the transportation and supplies necessary 
for the transportation of the Spanish officers and soldiers. These Gentle- 
men, have this morning returned. The enclosed translation of a letter 
from the Governor of Pensacola and the report of these Gentlemen, will 
give you the information acquired, and may not be uninteresting to you. 

Finding, from the report of the above Gentlemen, that the Hornet had 
reached the Havanna on the oth ulto. and believing that she must reach 
Pensacola shortly, and reflecting, that it is better for the transportation 
to be ready with the supplies and to wait for the Hornet, than for the 
Spanish officers and troops to wait for the transportation to be procured 
after her arrival; I have ordered Majr Staunton to repair to Orleans, and 
procure the transports and supplies, and to have them ready to sail for 
Pensacola on the first notice of the arrival of the Hornet there. Majr. 
Staunton informs me that he thinks vessels can be obtained on much 
better terms now, than they can be, after it is known the Hornet has 
returned, and that transportation must be immediately had. He is in- 
structed to make the most advantageous contract he can, to save any 
demurrage on account of any short delay; and I have no doubt from the 
rumours of mercantile associations, to introduce large quantities of goods 
into Pensacola, that there will be, a great saving to the United States, 
by having the transports ready on the arrival of the Hornet, as well as 
earlier possession of the ceded country. 

It is all important for the health of our troops, to have them removed 
from Fort Gadsden in all this month, or early in the next, and every 
exertion, as far as it rests with me, shall be used to obtain this object. I 
am at a loss to conjecture the causes of the delay of the Hornet—a few 
days will give us the reason, and I hope it may not be found to exist in 
any understanding between an associa[tion] of our merchants, and the 
Governor Genl of Cuba. But Sir, it is rumoured and believed here, that 
such an attempt will be made by merchants, to prevail upon the Governor 
Genl to withold the order for the delivery of the Floridas until the last 
moment, to give time for the arrival of large shipments of goods for 


Pensacola. 
I am Sir, with sentiments of great respect 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. 


54 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MonTpPELiER, May 11, 1821. 

Sir, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 
4th instant, handed to me by Doctor Bronaugh and Judge Brackenridge, 
in reply to mine of 30th of which these Gentlemen were the bearers. 

I was well aware that you could take no order for the delivery of the 
Floridas, in pursuance of the Treaty between the United States and His 
Catholic Majesty, until you received instructions to that purpose from the 
Captain General of the Island of Cuba; but I had entertained a hope, that 
in virtue of the Treaty, with which you cannot be unacquainted, it would 
have been in your power to give me the necessary information of the num- 
ber of Officers and Men for whom transportation was to be furnished 
under the late Treaty, and for whom (according to the liberal construction 
given by the President) the President had instructed me to furnish the 
necessary supplies for their voyage to Cuba. 

Being informed, however, by Doctor Bronaugh and Judge Bracken- 
ridge, that you expressed to them your willingness on receiving the neces- 
sary instructions from the Captain General, to prepare with promptness, 
and without delay for the delivery of the Country and the transportation 
of your Officers and men, I have directed my Quarter Master to furnish 
transportation for Six hundred men, with the supplies for their voyage 
and now inform you that the same is ready, and will sail for Pensacola 
on the first notification of the receipt of the orders for the delivery 
of the Floridas. 

I advised you in my letter, that in consequence of the assurances to 
the President, by his Catholic Majesty’s Minister at Washington, that 
no unnecessary delay should take place in the delivery of the country 
ceded, orders isave been given to discontinue the sending supplies to my 
Troops in the interior, which are intended to occupy St Marks and Pensa- 
cola. Two public vessels are now at anchor in Mobile Bay loaded with 
supplies for Pensacola and St Marks. These vessels are intended to trans- 
port your Garrison from St Marks to Pensacola, and the garrison of the 
United States from Fort Gadsden to St Marks. I have charged my Aid- 
de-Camp, Captn. Richard K. Call, to consult Your Excellency upon the 
subject, and to be informed, whether on your part, there would be any 
objection to my making a deposit of the supplies on board those vessels 
destined for Pensacola, and whether it would meet your wishes to have the 
Garrison of St Marks transported to Pensacola, preparatory to the de- 
livery of the Country ceded, so that when the orders from Cuba shall 
arrive, all your Officers and men can be transported together, under con- 
voy of the United States Sloop of War Hornet. Should this arrangement 
meet your wishes and be within your present powers, it would greatly 
expedite the delivery of the Country, the transportation of your Troops 


and their safety, being all embarked at one point under convoy of the 
Hornet. 


1 Copy. State Dente Terr. Pap., Fla. Callava’s letter of Ma is i 
For, Rel., 1V. 760.. Bronaugh’s and Brackenridge’s report is ibid, i bed OM SOR 


May, 1821 55 


I take this occasion to repeat the assurances I have given of my sincere 
desire, that all things may be conducted with harmony and friendly feel- 
ings between us, and that every attention may be paid to the comfort, 
safety and convenience of the Spanish Officers and troops, to whom, con- 
sidering the approach of a season less favorable for their voyage, a speedy 
departure must be equally desireable. 

God preserve you many years. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


MONTPELIER, May 11, 1821. 

Dear Genl, I reached Blakely on the 29th ult. and having from thence 
to communicate with Pensacola, I did not reach this place untill the 9th 
instant when I recd your much esteemed favour of the 18th of April. 
I had wrote you by our mutual friend Mr James Jackson, who I find had 
not returned when Charles called at your house. ere this you have recd 
it, which will inform you, of the motives and causes that induced me to 
change what I once thought my fixed determination and to accept of the 
commissions to receive and govern the Floridas, untill congress meets 
and passes a law extending a territorial government over them. as soon 
as that takes place, I retire to my farm in Tennessee and there spend my 
latter days. 

I have no doubt but the solicitude of the President that I should accept 
the appointment arose from feelings of friendship, and a desire to give 
evidence to the world that he fully approved my course on the Seminole 
campaign, as well as believing that my name would have some weight in 
establishing the Government over the Floridas. he has given me ample 
power, and Gen! Gains and the whole force in the southern Division is 
placed under my orders, and if necessary the militia, from which you 
will discover that I wield sufficient means, to cause obedience if it should 
be necessary at any time to use force. 

In short my Dear friend Mr Monroe has given me all the means, and 
placed every thing in my power, necessary to cover my expences as well as 
to organize the government, and I am free to confess that this added to 
the multitude of my friends urging me to accept it, and giving reasons 
which if ever I have the pleasure of seeing you I will give you, changed 
my determination and induced me to encounter the arduous task. added 
to this Mrs J was in declining health, I was advised it would be the 
means of restoring not only hers but my own. of t!e latter I have great 
doubts, but Mrs J health is much improved and I have great hopes that 
she will be perfectly restored, we all enjoy good health at present, after 
my arival at Blakely I had a small attack, which has debilitated me very 
much, but I am now otherwise on good healtli. I had a hearty welcome 
at New Orleans and a general greeting as you will see from the papers. 
at Mobile and Blakely the citizens of each place gave me a dinner and I 
am now at this cantoonment awaiting the arival of the hornet, before I 
can march to Pensacola, and I can form no conjecture of the cause of her 
detention. she arived at Cuba it is said on the oth of April and ought to 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


56 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


have been here by the first of May at farthest. Rumour says that the 
commercial interest is combined to induce the governor general of Cuba 
to withold the possession to the last moment to enable them to threw in 
a vast-quantity of merchandise before the country 1s surrendered and 
thereby evade payment of dutys. should Colo Forbes the commissioner 
be in this combination there may be some delay, but I will p.obe the 
report, and if true expose the characters. I shall in a day or two address 
Colo Forbes a note to the Havanna, if he does not in that time reach 
Pensacola. 

We have experienced a very backward spring and all the low lands of 
allabama is now under water. I fear the late frost has ruined our cotton. 
my dear Genl write me often, and advise me of your health and family 
and the prospects of crops. I will see you in the fall or winter for believe 
me I never can descend to become a governor of a Territory, after the 
offices I have filled. you may therefore rest assured after congress meets 
I am a private citizen. Mrs Jackson and the two Andrews join me in 
affection and good wishes for the health and happiness of you, your lady 
and sweet little family, kiss Andrew for me and believe me to be your 
friend sincerely 


EDWARD LIVINGSTON TO JACKSON. 
New Orteans, May 14, 1821. 

D’r General, I send now by Major Gadsden to Mr. Breckenridge some 
spanish books, which will be of use to him in the organization of your 
Courts. I have been also fortunate enough to find the publication made 
by Oreilly on taking possession of this Country in 1769,* Containing an 
Enumeration of the several judicial and civil Executive Officers with an 
Abstract of their several functions and the fees to which they were enti- 
tled. I am not aware that the Cortes has made any alteration in the de- 
nominations or Duties of these Officers tho I believe many of them have 
under the New Constitution become elective. if Iam right in my Conjec- 
ture as to their Duties this Pamphlet will be of great service to you and I 
should think it would be worth Mr. Breckenridges while to translate it for 
your use. I believe Davesac forwarded to you the translation of the Par- 
tidas,” he is not now here, on his return which will be in a Day or two I 
will ascertain this and forward them if they are not already gone. 

I know you will rejoice in the news we have just recd. of the success of 
the Neapolitans ; * it was essential to their establishment that they should 


1 In 1768 it was known in Louisiana that the province had been transferred to Spain. 
The inhabitants were indignant, broke into rebellion, and drove out the first Spanish 
agent who appeared among them. In 1769 came to New Orleans Governor Alexander 
O’Reilly, to establish Spanish authority. He was authorized to establish such forms of 
government as he thought best. He issued a series of ordinances that remained the form of 
government in Louisiana until the end of Spanish rule. The one here alluded to is 
probably the “‘Reglamento formado por Don Alexandro O’Reilly para el Gobierno de la 
Luisiana”, Nov. 26, 1769. 

.? Davezac was Livingston’s brother-in-law. The Siete Partidas of Alfonso the Learned, 
king of Castile 1252-1284, were a code of law in seven parts, as the name indicates. They 
have long survived and to some extent have entered into the laws of Louisiana and Florida. 
The English translation here spoken of was that by L. Moreau-Lislet and H. Carleton 
(New Orleans, 1820, two vols.). 

8’ The Neapolitan revolt had already been crushed, by the defeat at Rieti, Mar. 7, and 


the Austrian army had entered Naples on Mar. 23, to restore absolute government, but this 
was not yet known at New Orleans. 


May, 1821 57 


begin well, and they now seem animated with an Enthusiasm worthy of 
their Cause. I wish they had a Man at their head who had the talent to 
support it under the reverses they may expect. There is but one man I 
know capable of Doing this and him we cant Spare. I am sorry to hear 
from the Havanna that you may expect Delays from that quarter. If I 
can possibly arrange my business for the jaunt I will join you as soon as 
I hear of your being at Pensacola. In the mean time believe us, for I 
speak for all Connected with me, with the warmest attachment and great- 
CSEILCSPCCi eg .gan<0- 


To SECRETARY ADAMs.* 


MonrTPELIER, May 21, 1821. 

Sir, On last evening Mr G L Thompson reached me having left the 
Hornet at Cuba on the 7th instant,? and handed me a letter from Col. 
Forbes, a copy of which is herewith enclosed. Mr Thompson informs me 
that Col Forbes assured him, that he would not be detained more than 
four days, at furthest, and stated to him that he had this positive assur- 
ance from the Gov General of Cuba. How it has happened after this posi- 
tive assurance, that Col. Forbes had not arrived at Pensacola on the 19th 
instant, I cannot conjecture; but, it still adds to my suspicions that the 
Gov General of Cuba, finding that Col. Forbes can be amused, is amusing 
himself with him, and thereby gaining a delay of time highly injurious to 
the best interests of the country, and favorable to the views of those who 
may be engaged in the introduction of Africans, and foreign goods, to 
evade the duties. I sincerely regret the delay of Col Forbes, as on his 
arrival I am prepared to present myself and receive possession of the 
country, And put an end to this barbarous traffic, which I have no doubt 
is now practising on the coast of Florida. 

I advised you in a former letter, that I had sent bills on Government by 
Col Gadsden to the amount of three thousand dollars, to be sold in Or- 
leans. I am advised by him that he could not effect a sale of them, and 
that he was compelled to raise money to enable him to procure the neces- 
sary transports for Majr Staunton, from other sources of which you will 
be advised hereafter. Unless the Government furnishes me with a check 
upon the Branch Bank of the U. States at Orleans, I am fearful that I 
shall not be able to proceed well in the organisation of the Government. 

I enclose you a copy of a letter from the Govr. of Pensacola received 
by my Aid-de-Camp Capt Call, together with a copy of his report, which 
will shew you the feelings of the Governor, and that nothing is wanting 
but the arrival of Col Forbes to place us in possession of the ceded country. 

I am Sir, with sentiments of great respect, 


To CoLoneL JAMES GADSDEN. 


MonTPELIER, May 21, 1821. 
.. . . I must say to you, from reading Col. Forbes letter that consid- 
ering the delay that has taken place, and the information received from 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. : 
2 Forbes’s letter of May 7 is in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 744. His correspondence 


explaining his duty at Havana is ibid., pp. 740-749. 


58 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Mr Thompson, that Col Forbes, altho’ 17 days at Cuba before he left him, 
had not seen the Intendant, would induce me to conclude that the Gover- 
nor of Cuba was amusing himself and amusing Col Forbes, and that the 
delay was intended, were it not for the assurance of Mr. Thompson of 
the positive declarations of the Governor of Cuba that the Hornet should 
meet with no delay after the Governor had an interview with the Inten- 
dant, which was to take place the day or the day after M Thompson sailed. 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN. 


MonTPELIER, May 22, 1821. 

Dear Sir, I had the pleasure to receive your much esteemed favour of 
the 8th ult, on the 11th instant, and would have acknowledged it on its 
recpt, but I had a right hourly to expect information of the arival of Colo. 
Forbes at Pensacola, and had a wish to inform you that I was on my 
march to receive possession of the country ceded. It is with extreme re- 
gret I have to inform you that altho he reached cuba on the 22nd ult he 
has not arived at pensacola yet, and from his delay it is impossible for me 
to conjecture when he may. Mr. Thompson who accompanied him to the 
Havanna, and left him there on the 7th* reached me on the night of the 
2oth Via Orleans and expected to find him at Pensacola when he reached 
there. I am fearfull that the Governor Genl of Cuba has discovered in 
the Colo. too much of the swaviter et modo, and is practising upon him a 
little of the Spanish policy, procrastination and delay for purposes not cal- 
culated to promote our interest, but to gain time for his friends to intro- 
duce large quantities of merchandize, and africans. This delay is truly 
irksome, and will produce great inconvenience and expence to the united 
states by transporting the supplies for the Troops, first to their present 
stations and then to the places they are to occupy, which might have been 
avoided by a little promptness and [energy] displayed by Colo. Forbes. 
It is to be regretted that the duty assigned Colo. Forbes had not have been 
committed to Capt Reid, if it had we would have been in complete Pos- 
session of the country by this time—but as it is I fear delay will be ex- 
perienced, and the occasion of it not result much to the dignity of our 
country. How Irksome my situation to be compelled to remain here with 
my arms Folded not able to prevent those illegal practices that from infor- 
mation is daily practicing on the coasts of Florida and to favour which 
causes this delay. But stich is my instructions and I must submit to them. 

I have my D’r Sir read your letter with great pleasure, the principles 
you have laid down for your political guide through life will land you ina 
safe haven, and lead you to a compleat triumph over your Political ene- 
mies, and your country to safety and happiness. The course pursued by 
last congress is universely condemned, whilst your course, and report ° 
is approbated by nine tenths of the citizens of the country through which 


1 See p. 46, ante. 

2“Tn the steamboat.” 

3 Report, Dec. 12, 1820, Am. St. Pap., Mil. Aff., II. 188, on reduction of the army, which 
was carried through by act of Mar. 2, 1821, against the desires of Calhoun and Jackson. 


May, 1821 59 


I have passed ; indeed it is approved by all except those who, from Politi- 
cal and popular views have been with the majority, and finding them- 
selves now in the minority cannot consistantly retreat. 

Permit me to make to you a friendly sugestion. I say friendly for no 
man wishes you better than I do, or can have your future wellfare more 
at heart than I have, as I believe your political wellfare to be intimately 
connected with the wellfare of our country. I would therefore sugest for 
your safety a change of adjutant Genl Parker.* he I have no doubt may 
be a good man, but he lacks both talents and magnanimity. It was alone 
his report that gave to your envious political enemies, the least shadow of 
ground to attack you, it was his blunders, occasioned by his indolence and 
want of capacity that gave Floyd * room for his indecorous attack. it was 
from Genl Parkers want of magnanimity, in not stepping forward ac- 
knowledging the error to be his own, stating your reliance on his per- 
forming his duty correctly, and the frequent calls made upon you, that you 
had not time to examine this report, and the error was to be ascribed to 
him not to you; this would have made the Doctor to have blushed for his 
attack. Genl Parker is a weak man, and your safety and ease require a 
man of capacity possessing high honourable feelings to fill that office, a 
man of magnanimity, industry and pride—you can find this charector in 
Colo. Gadsden. 

Before this reaches you our military relations will have ceased, but my 
breast will allways cherish with the most lively recollection, that friendly 
feeling toward you, that your honourable conduct towards me ever since 
you have been placed in the Department of war was well calculated to in- 
spire. this feeling for you never will cease during life, and in every situa- 
tion that you may be placed in through life my best wishes for your well- 
fare and happiness will accompany you. It will afford me great pleasure 
to write you when any thing occurs that I think may be either usefull or 
amusing to you. permit me through you to make one request for a mu- 
tual friend of us both. I should not trouble you was it not that I hold no 
correspondance with the Sec of the Treasury, and am fully aware how he 
uses his cunning, in the appointment of the officers in his department. his 
conduct to Major Pickens formerly of No. Carolina now of the state of 
allabama ° I am no stranger to. I have wrote to Mr. Monroe some time 
since asking for Doctor Brunaugh the office of receiver of public money 
in west Florida as soon as a land office is opened therin. I have reasons 
to believe Mr. Monroe will give the Doctor this appointment, unless the 
Sec of the Treasury in the erand of business should play the same game 
with the Doctor that he did with Major Pickens. my request therefore 
is that you will remind the President that Doctor Brunaugh has solicited 
this appointment and continues to be a candidate for it. 


4 Daniel Parker, made paymaster general June I. 

5 John Floyd, M: C. from Virginia 1817-1829; speech of Jan. 17, Annals of Congress, 
18 Cong., 2 sess., cols. 891-901. 

6 Israel Pickens, M. C. from North Carolina 1811-1817, register of the land office of 
Mississippi and Alabama, governor of Alabama 1821 to 1825, and U. S. senator in 1826, 
Dr. Bronaugh was not appointed ; he died in 1822. 


60 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I feel grateful to you for your friendly expressions toward me, and the 
interest you have taken for the preservation of my health—for which re- 
ceive my gratefull acknowledgements with the assurance of my great 
respect friendship and Esteem, I am Sir 

yr. most obdt. servt. 


JAMES JACKSON TO JACKSON. 


Forks oF Cypress,’ May 28, 1821. 

Dear Genl. I expected ere this to have been on my road to Pensacola, 
but found I risked too much by so doing, both on my own acct. and that 
of my friends. Mr. Crawford has not yet forwarded his instructions un- 
der the Law giveing relief to the Purchasers of publick Lands. The ar- 
rangement of that business is of most importance to me. I might be too 
long detained If I went from home, By going in October would have noth- 
ing to hurry me. I have sent a power to Doctor Bronaugh to act for me, 
from his friendship and ability, have no doubt he will do as well for me 
as I could do for myself. The Genl. and myself have agreed on terms with 
Genl. Brahan for your Plantation, which are contingent, on his short[1]y 
being able to arrange for the payments. The Genl. goes shortly to Hunts- 
ville when the matter will be finaly understood. the Terms are much be- 

-low what we intended to take, but after maturely considering your views 
and great anxiaty to get cleer of any obligations to pay money, We con- 
cluded it would be more satisfactory to you. In addition there seems a 
general disposition not to pay for Lands bought at high prices, In consi- 
quence, Certificates can be bought for one half payable in Tennessee 
money. The bargain with Genl. Brahan is Cost and one thousand dollars 
for improvements, the Gin reserved, one third on taking possession the 
balance in one and two years thereafter in good money. In this transac- 
tion have looked as much to your feelings as your interest. 

James Hanna brought home one of your fellows, a very fine looking 
fellow and the only one he brought. The other he left authority with a 
friend to sell as he run who He expected would get something near his 
value. It appears this is to be an unfortunate business threwout for your 
fine Mare is dead, she brought him to Cypress very well and in a day or 
two after set out for Tennessee and led him there, but at Granny Whites 
old place she was taken unwell. He remained all night and next day got 
to Nashville where He was aided by shute, Hardin and others in en- 
deavouring to cure her, but without success. he was recommended to a 
grat Farryor, who said she had been improperly Treated, for her Com- 
plaint was a Chest Cholick and that she in all probability would not re- 
cover, which proved but too true. 

I won the race at Huntsville, the Grey had great superiority of heels, 
He took the Track and kept it, the Sir Archy is rather the best game 
Horse, but the grey was quite too fat. Campbell was out but did not ride, 


1 Near Huntsville, Ala. Jackson owned a plantation in the neighborhood, from which 
he had received no profits. Ye was trying to sell it. James Jackson, formerly of Nashville, 


was acting as his agent. Brigadier-General Coffee had bought land there and was living 
on it, 


May, 1821 61 


to please other[s] I permitted a much wors rider and heavyor Boy to 
ride. Camp lost upwards of $4000 and offered to bet me $6000 in Land 
Certificates, but I had too many Children for such dashing. The Race is 
made to be run again in October, I would not take any part being tired of 
my Company. I have lately been told Camp says his Virginia rider rode 
Jocky and that he will be sure of his race. 

I fear Wm. Crawford will not make you a good Crop. Genl. Coffee 
and myself were at your Plantation a few days since, did not find things 
in that order we could have wished. The stand of Cotton generally is not 
good, most people had to replant, some of mine is good, some middleing 
and some bad, I have an excellent stand at Limestone, I in part blame the 
foul state of my Land here for the want of a good stand. 

Mr. James G Birney? of Madison County, who is a very honourable 
clever fellow has been looking at the Land west of Cypress and was much 
pleased with your place, want of funds only, prevented him from purchase- 
ing. He proposed takeing half the Land and to put on 20 Hands and you 
and He to work it jointly, He to live on the place and superintend and 
draw in proportion to the number of hands each had and either to put on 
as many as He chose, He to be furnished with his meat and Corn for his 
attention. This is the outline of his proposition, saying if it met your 
approbation, there would be no dificulty in details. He the present year 
made 37,000 lb of Baled Cotton with his 20 Hands, which is a recommen- 
dation as a planter. Doctor Bronaugh is acquainted with Mr. Birney and 
you and myself played whist with him and a Mr. Davis at Huntsville one 
evening while the Legislature sat there. From your recent disagreeable 
experiment in a Partnership, did not encourage the project, but promised 
to write you on the subject, If the sale to Brahan is not carryed into effect, 
and no offer from any other person, what would you think of Mr. Birneys 
proposition. 

There is one thing certin to make good Crops you must have a good 
overseer, which I expect would be preferable to a partner, I shall hope 
soon to hear from you and to have the pleasure of seeing you at Pensa- 
cola in October next. Will you have the goodness, if necessary, to give 
Doctor Bronaugh your advice as regards my business. Mrs. Jackson joins 
me in best wishes to you and Mrs. Jackson, believe me sincerely yours 


To SECRETARY ADAMS." 


MonTPELIER, May 30, 1821. 

Sir, In my letter to you of the 21st Instant, I advised you of the arrival 
of Mr Thompson and the receipt of a letter from Col Forbes, a copy of 
which I enclosed to you, and which I hope will reach you in due time. 

I have had no information from Col. Forbes since my last; but it ap- 
pears to be understood and expressed by the inhabitants of Pensacola, that 
we will not get possession until the expiration of six months from the 
exchange of ratifications of the Treaty. my letter of the 19th inst. will 
have given you my construction of the Treaty, and my power under the 


2 Afterwards known as a leading opponent to slavery; candidate of the Liberty Party 


for the presidency in 1840 and 1844. 
1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla.; Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 762. 


t 


62 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


commission to take possession of the Floridas combined with your in- 
structions. I shall anxiously await your answer to that letter as I have but 
little doubt now, but we will experience every delay that can be thrown 
in our-way, and I have no wish to do any act contrary to my instructions, 
or the wish of my Government; but when I review the delays and conduct 
heretofore practised by the Spanish Government, I feel myself bound to 
oppose any attempt to prostrate our national character and to violate the 
pledges of friendship given in the Treaty. I feel every desire to harmo- 
nise, and to obtain possession of the country ceded in the most gentle man- 
ner, provided I meet a corresponding disposition on the part of the off- 
cers of Spain: But, if the order for the delivery should not be sent by 
Col Forbes to the Governor of Pensacola, on his report that he has de- 
livered the royal order to the Capt Genl and Governor of Cuba, I deem 
it imperious upon me to advance within the limits of Florida, tender suf- 
ficient transportation, and demand a surrender of the country agreeably 
to the 2nd Article of the Treaty, It being presumed that the Governor 
Genl. of Cuba has done his duty, and that duly notifying the Governor, 
he has given the necessary order for the delivery of the ceded country; if 
the Governor alledges that he is not ready to deliver the country and em- 
bark his troops, it seems to me, that he is not only bound to shew good 
reasons, but also to defray the expenses of demurrage incurrent upon 
the public vessels ordered for the transportation of his troops. If the 
Spanish Govr. should not embark his troops before the 22nd of August 
next, must not the Spanish Government after that date furnish their own 
transportation, having violated the treaty, and have | not a right after that 
date to take possession by force, if not peaceably surrendered? from the 
wording of the act of Congress, I have no doubt we have. 

I hope I may be agreeably disappointed in my forebodings; but from 
the declarations of some Americans that we will not get, we have a right 
to demand, possession * until the expiration of the six months, and that 
even then we must negotiate for possession, added to the delay already 
experienced, I am induced to believe that every delay will be experienced 
that the Spanish officers think will be submitted to by the American Gov- 
ernment. Be assured I shall act with caution, but with firmness and 
energy. I cherish a hope, that the officers of Spain may meet me har- 
moniously, and altho’ appearances are at present to the reverse, I still be- 
lieve they think that I will act promptly, and that they will be thereby in- 
duced not to hazard too much by unnecessary delay. I shall wait with 
anxiety for your answer to my letter of the 19th Instant, 

I am Sir, with great respect 


Jacxson’s ADDRESS TO HIS ARMY ON GIVING UP COMMAND.? 


HEADQUARTERS, MONTPELIER, May 31, 1821. 
Officers and Soldiers composing the Division of the south. This day 
closes my military functions, and having with many of you faced the 


2 Meaning, probably, “ get the possession we have a right to demand”. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, pp. 237-242 (draft in Jackson’s handwriting). This 
form of Jackson’s farewell address to the army is materially unlike that given in Parton, 
Jackson, II. 590. It is not possible to say who altered it before it got into print. The fact 
that it was changed after being copied into the Letter-Book and that the allusion to 
General Brown’s order was omitted, shows that it underwent rigorous revision. 


May, 1821 63 


stormy showers of war, and with many of you Terminated one [Eng lish, 
and two Indian wars, [in] which we experienced privations of the sever- 
est kind, feeling [that] friendship[s] thus created, are most durable and 
my feelings will not permit me to close my military connections with you 
in silence. Justice to you and to my feelings dictate the propriety of my 
Testimoney being placed before our common country of my approbation 
of your military conduct, and of my Individual regard. many valuable 
officers who have served with me, must retire under the organization for 
the reduction of the army under the late act of congress But let this be 
your consolation, that your country in its Joyfull transports of gratitude 
hails you as her deliverer in the day of peril, and frowns with contempt 
upon the hasty and untimely policy adopted by congress that has produced 
your disbandment, before the frontier of your common country was 
guarded by the completion of the fortifications for its security and de- 
fence. but your consolation is you have done your duty, and with your 
brother officers who are retained in service bravely supported the ameri- 
can eagle whenever it was endangered. To you my Brother officers who 
remain in the service of your country, permit me to recommend to you, 
to harmonise with each other like a band of brothers—in fact you are 
brothers in arms, and it is your duty to conduct yourselves, so that your 
enemies in private life shall [not] have Just cause to censure. each cap- 
tain is the father of his company, it is his family. continue then, as you 
have heretofore done under my command, to watch over it with a fathers 
tenderness and care, treat your companies like children, admonish them; 
if that will not prevent disobedience coertion must. The want of dis- 
cipline, the want of order promises a total disreguard to obedience and will 
produce a spirit of insubordination as destructive to an army as cowar- 
dice itself, and will lead to disaster and disgrace in any army. This as 
you regard your military reputation and your countries good you must 
prevent. imploring from heaven a blessing upon you all I close this adress 
and bid you an affectionate adieu. 


P. S. Being prevented from my official duties of promulgating this 
adress to the army of the Division of the south, and the want of a printing 
Press which was daily expected at Pensacola, untill I have seen major 
Genl Browns Genl order of the day of 1821,” Justice to 
you and Justice to myself compell me to notice that part of it, that draws 
a general censure of cruelty upon you all, upon whom his censure cannot 
Justly apply. It is in these words” ° 

This censure is too general to be Just, and the time when, and the 
source from whence it comes has astonished every Just generous soldier. 
This censure of the cruelty of the officers, being the cause of the unex- 
ampled desertion of the american Troops, so far as it relates to the 
Division of the South is not true, it can be traced to a [better and ?] its 
proper source and will be found to be this, that there is no adequate 
Punishment prescribed by.law for the punishment of the offence of deser- 
tion, and untill this is the case desertion will increase let the conduct of 


2 June 1. f Egat 
3 Text in Parton, II. 592; not inserted in this draft. 


7 


64 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the officers be ever so Lenient. What has been the fact; it is this, that 
more desertions have taken place at recruiting rendezvouses, than ever 
has taken place after the recruits has Joined there regts., and at no re- 
cruieting rendesvous in the Division of the South as far as I have been 
informed, has there ever been any punishment except that which was 
inflicted by the civil authority. It is well known that in many instances, 
the soldier has made it a source of speculation, by going from rendezvous 
to rondezvous enlisting himself receiving the bounty, and deserting again, 
some instances has been, where this has been practised from Boston to 
new orleans. 

The present punishment for desertion is hard Labour with the Ball and 
chain. This inflicts a greater punishment upon the faithfull soldier who is 
compelled to guard him in the hot sun with all his accoutrements on, than 
is inflicted upon the culprit, and every desertion adds to the duty of the 
faithfull soldier, and suppose the soldier condemned will not labour, how 
is he to be coerced. Stripes and Lashes are prohibited, and you have no 
dungeons, and your guard houses are pleasant places for the Lasy soldier 
who sleeps and snores when the faithfull soldier is guarding him on his 
post in his nightly watch. is not such scenes as this with the general 
pardons so often extended by orders of the President sufficient to induce 
the faithfull soldiers, oppressed with double duty by the increase of deser- 
tions not punished, to desert also. The goverment must annex an ade- 
quate punishment, in the regulations for the Goverment of the army, as 
it was and at present is in the navy or desertion and insubordination 
will increase instead of diminish. but It will be said This is dishonourable, 
I answer, is it more dishonourable to be whiped in the army, than in 
navy—is it more dishonourable to receive twenty five stripes and be 
ordered to immediate duty, than to be manacled with chains for months 
and years, and insulting every freeman who passes with the clangor of 
their chains, the evidence of ancient despotism, and of the gally slave. 
This is mockery of freedom. Let it be done away. Let every soldier for 
desertion in time of peace for the first offence receive thirty nine stripes 
and Lashes, for the next double and for the third desertion let him be 
shot. a few examples from the loose acquired habitt of the soldier from 
the want of adequate laws may be necessary to put desertion down entirely 
but this will put it down. The moment that the soldier is convicted, the 
punishment will be inflicted, and your faithfull honourable soldier will not 
then be, as he is now, oppressed with guarding so many prisoners. To 
have due subordination in an army as well as in civil life you must have 
corporeal punishment—with the certainty of its infliction, on the com- 
mission of crime. let this be adopted, and we will hear no more of unex- 
ampled desertion in the american army, or the unjust imputation of 
cruelty in our officers as the cause. 

It is truly a source of regret to me the cause that has given rise to these 
remarks, but the reputation of those officers with whom I have spent so 
many days of toil and nights of watchfullness and care are dear to me, and 
I never can be silent when I see an unjust attempt to tarnish their 
reputations, Let the motives of those be what the[y] may that attempt 


June, 1821 65 


it. These remarks flow from a pure source of Justice to you my fellow 
soldiers, popularity I never have sought unless by doing right and Justice 
to all as far as my Judgt guided me. This I trust I have endeavoured 
to render to you all, as long as I have had the honour to command the 
Division of the South, and may you be all happy, and may your country 
appreciate you her citizen soldiers as you deserve is my Sincere prayer. 


To Dr. JAmMEs C. BRoNAUGH. 


MONTPELIER, June 9, 1821. 

D’r Brunaugh, I recd. your letter of the 6th last evening with the letter 
inclosed, and the inclosed is an answer which I have to request you to 
hand to Colo. Jones, that he may deliver it to its adress. say to Colo. 
Jones I regret not having the pleasure of seeing him. I was taken last 
evening very ill, am under the operation of medicine and better. we recd. 
the Register last evening, and the appointment of the civil officers in 
Florida.* I have directed Lt Donelson to inclose the National Intelligencer 
to Capt Call, you will see that not one of those I recommended is 
appointed, Walten is sec of the Territory and Colo. Forbes Marshal. had 
I anticipated this I should have adhered to my first determination not to 
have accepted the Goverment, but I will close my official duties with the 
next congress as I am determined, never to be associated with such men 
as some of those who are appointed. say to my friend Call not to 
despond—that I am determined to try my influence in his behalf, next 
congress, and any thing I have in my power to give him, will be. I would 
like to see how the Judges will organize their court how a Jury is to be 
summoned, and who is to Issue the process to the marshal—etc. etc. etc. 
I am too sick to write more at present, but hope I will be well tomorrow, 
should I get worse I will send for you. present me to Judg. Braken- 
rid[g]e and Call, and receive the solicitations of the ladies and Gentle- 
men here. keep me advised of the news at Pensacola and say to the 
Judge when I want him to come up I will write him. Gadsden will re- 
main some days with us. 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.? 


MONTPELIER, June 10, 1821. 
Sir, The mail is just passing and I have only time to say, that an 
express reached this, from Pensacola, one hour since, bringing the 
information of the arrival of the Hornet, at that place yesterday. We 
shall move from this on the 14th inst, and hope to be in possession of 


the Floridas as early after that date as possible 
I have the Honor to be 


1For the list of officers, see Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 753. George Walton of 
Georgia was secretary for West Florida, and James G. Forbes of New York marshal for 
both East and West Florida. Writing to Jackson May 23, 1821, Monroe gives the reasons 
for several appointments (Writings, VI. 183). . : 

1 State Dept. Terr. Pap., Fla. This letter, with a fuller but _not materially different 
report to Adams dated June 11, 1821, is in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 762, 763. 


66 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


PENSACOLA, June 10, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, Yesterday evening anchored in this Port the United 
States sloop of war Hornet, of which I should have advised Your Ex- 
cellency the very hour of its arrival, had it not been for the assurance 
made me by Captn. Call that he would do so himself. 

By the aforesaid vessel I have received the orders of the Captain Gen- 
eral of Cuba, authorizing me to enter into the necessary arrangements 
for the evacuation of this Province, its delivery and the transportation 
of its garrison, and whatever else conduces and relates to the fulfilment 
of the stipulations in the Treaty of Amity, settlement of differences and 
limits between His Catholic Majesty and the President of the United 
States, concluded at Washington the 22d day of February 1819, and 
ratified on the corresponding day of 1821. 

In pursuance of my intimation to Your Excellency in my letter of the 
16th of May last, I send you a statement, marked N. 1, of the force com- 
posing the garrison of Fort St. Marks of Apalache, which is to be trans- 
ported here in order that united with the garrison of this place it may 
pass to the Havana, in convoy of the Hornet. N. 2 is a statement com- 
prehending the whole number of individuals to be transported from this 
place, including the said garrison of Apalache; * to the number of military 
officers with their wives children and Servants, I have deemed it advise- 
able to subjoin that of the other persons in public employ their wives 
children and Servants, and others of whom you will be informed. N. 3. 
intimates to Your Excellency my inability to give a decisive answer to 
your request of information as to the number of days required for the 
voyage from Pensacola, to the Havana. my remarks therein may how- 
ever be found useful in pointing out the most prudent course as regards 
this matter. The specification which it contains of the mode employed in 
equipping the spanish Troops for transportation, has no other object but 
the one signified—nothing now remains but to express to you that I am 
ready, and that it will afford me the greatest pleasure to satisfy to the 
utmost extent of my power all the enquiries which may be requisite for 
the regulation of your proceedings. 

Your Excellency having empowered Captain Call with authority to 
take any measures which under the present circumstances he may con- 
sider necessary and proper, and the latter having assured me that he is 
in possession of Your Excellency’s orders for the direction of the Officer 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 
2 The narabers were as follows: 
42 fhcers, and 366 individuals attached to the T 
Wives of the Military Officers ae a i) 
Their Children : 


Their Servants me 
Persons in public employ 0. 
Their Wives ae 
Their Children : 
Their Servants Ws 


total 631.” [642] 


June, 1821 67 


authorized to receive Fort St. Marks of Apalache, we are making the 
necessary preparations for effecting its delivery ; I must then flatter myself 
that Your Excellency will be persuaded of my desire to promote your 
good pleasure and convinced of the true sentiments of friendship and 
harmony which animate me. 

As Your Excellency and myself are the persons authorized on the part 
of our respective Governments to carry into effect, as far as relates to 
the charge committed to me, the terms agreed on in the Treaty, there 
only remains for us to preserve in our subsequent transactions that con- 
cord which may ensure their mutual success. 

God preserve Your Excellency many Years. 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.? 


MONTPELIER, June 12, 1821. 

Sir, Your communication of the roth inst by Captn. Call was received 
this morning. I cannot but express my gratification at the order trans- 
mitted you from the Captain General of the Cuba’s to evacuate the Prov- 
ince of West Florida, with the authority as Commissioner to fulfil on 
the part of the Spanish Nation the Stipulations of the Treaty of Amity, 
settlement of differences, and limits as concluded between the Plenipo- 
tentiaries of His Catholic Majesty and of the United States at Washing- 
ton on the 22nd of February 1819 and ratified on the corresponding day of 
1821. The promptness with which you have complied with my request, 
after being Cloathed with authority to act, and the frankness with which 
you have met my repeated communications, are evidences of those senti- 
ments of harmony and amity which animate you and which will govern us 
in our future operations together. 

The Documents numbered from 1 to 3, as enclosed in your Com- 
munication, afford the information required on those subjects as connected 
with the discharge of the duties of the Commission imposed on me. 
The Transports deemed necessary have been provided, and their arrival in 
Pensacola may be daily expected. I beg you to be assured that in fulfilling 
the stipulations of the Treaty, the comfort and safe conveyance of the 
Spanish Officers and Soldiers to their port of destination, will be duly 
regarded. 

Captain Call was authorized by me to make the necessary arrangements 
for the delivery of the Fortress of St marks to the American Officer 
designated to receive it. My motives for proposing an immediate evacua- 
tion of that Post by the Spanish Garrison will not be considered pre- 
mature or be misunderstood by you. To have the whole of Your Military 
command embark at the same period and under the same escort from 
Pensacola it was presumed would have been gratifying to you; and with 
a view of complying with so reasonable a wish, the Government of the 
United States will willingly incur the additional transportation of the 
Garrison of St Marks to Pensacola, in preference to transporting that 
Garrison direct to Havana as the stipulations in the 7th article of the 
Treaty might be construed. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


68 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Captain Call reports to me that you require in the evacuation of St 
Marks, a receipt for the Cannon and other munitions of War, which may 
be left in said Fortress; accompanied with a request that transportation 
may be furnished for two field pieces with the Troops that may embark 
from that port for Pensacola. 

By reference to the 2nd Article of the Treaty of Amity limits etc. etc. 
the stipulation of which we are commissioned, by our respective Govern- 
ments to execute; It appears that His Catholic Majesty ceded to the 
United States of America, The Provinces of East and West Florida, 
including the adjacent islands, Lots, squares, vacant lands, Public edifices, 
Fortifications, barracks and other buildings, which are not private prop- 
erty. It is the opinion of the President of the United States that the 
Cannon belonging to the Fortifications are to be cc.usidered as appendages 
to them and included in the cession. They constitute a part of the work; 
for a Fortification deprived of its material of defence, like a Ship of 
War without its armament, would lose its character as such; That this 
fair and just construction of the 2nd Article of the Treaty alluded to, 
was the one evidently placed upon it by the Spanish plenipotentiary, Don 
Onis, who negotiated the same, may be derived in some measure from the 
stipulation, in the 7th Article. In that Article the United States is bound 
to furnish the Transports and necessary escort to convey the Spanish 
Officers and troops and their baggage to Havana. No mention is made of 
Cannon or Munitions of War, and there can be little doubt entertained 
that the Spanish Plenipotentia[r]y believed that he had provided trans- 
portation for all the public property which had not been ceded under the 
Treaty, and which could consistently with the stipulations of that instru- 
ment be removed. By the 7th Article to the stipulations of which I would 
particularly direct the attention of Your Excellency, The Spanish Officers, 
Troops and their baggage are alone mentioned in the transportation to 
be furnished. No notice is taken of provisions for the voyage, of the civil 
departments, of the families and servants of the Officers, or of the arms 
and accoutrements of the Soldiers. Yet with as much propriety, and more 
consistently with the literal construction of the Treaty, may provisions 
be denied and transportation for unenumerated persons, and arms of the 
Soldiers be refused, as a Fortress to be deprived of the Cannon belonging 
to it, forming its batteries and constituting its principal material of 
defence. 

The stipulations in the 2d article of the Treaty are for the benefit of 
the United States ; those in the 7th Article are for the advantage of Spain; 
and it is the opinion of the President of the United States, as well as his 
desire, that both should be construed on fair, just and liberal principles, 
graduated by the scale of reciprocal benefits. 

While therefore I am instructed as Commissioner to insist that by the 
Stipulations of the 2d Article of the Treaty, the Cannon found in the 
Fortifications, constituting their batteries, are appendages to the same and 
included in the Cession; so am I disposed to give that construction to the 
stipulations of the 7th Article of the same instrument, as would comport 
with the most liberal views; and give satisfaction to that party entitled 
to its benefits. 


June, 1821 69 


Upon a review of the subject a hope is entertained that the difficulties 
which have occurred in arranging measures for the early evacuation of 
St Marks will be removed on your part, and that the Cannon constituting 
the batteries, or the armament generally belonging to that work, will be 
delivered with the Fort as included in the Cession. Captain Call still 
acts under the authority delegated to him, and will concert with you the 
necessary arrangements for the evacuation and delivery of St Marks 
to the Officer designated to receive it. He has my instructions with re- 
gard to the transportation of 2 pieces of field artillery requested by you, 
and be assured that every accommodation consistent with my instructions 
and which may be calculated to promote the early and harmonious termi- 
nation of the duties of our respective commissions will be most cheerfully 
attended to. 

I contemplate moving in a few days into the vicinity of Pensacola, with 
a view of personally arranging those operations, connected with the 
faithful execution of the duties which have been assigned us, by our 
Respective Governments. 

I have the honor to be 


To CAPTAIN RICHARD K. CALL.* 


MONTPELIER, June I2, 1821. 

Sir, The accompanying communication is for the Governor of West 
Florida, it is enclosed open for your perusal that you may distinctly under- 
stand the construction placed by the Executive of the United States, on 
the 2nd and 7th Articles of the Treaty of Amity, settlement of differences 
and limits as concluded with Spain. You will seal it and deliver the same 
as directed. If after the perusal of this communication the Governor still 
insists upon the construction placed by him on the 2nd Article of the 
Treaty; You will then state to him the determination to construe the 7th 
Article agreeably to its literal signification, allowing transportation for the 
Officers, Soldiers and their baggage only, not including their families, 
civil departments or provisions for the voyage. Actuated however with 
the same feelings of Amity and Harmony which the Governor of Florida 
professes to animate him and unwilling that any further delay should 
take place in the occupation of a province by protracted negotiation on 
points, urged more on principles of right than real importance, you are 
at liberty to accede to the Governors proposition of receipting for the 
Cannon in the Forts; on condition that he likewise receipts for the trans- 
portation furnished for civil Officers, families of Officers, servants and 
provisions not provided for in the 7th Article of the Treaty. It must 
be distinctly understood that no act of mine is to abandon the undoubted 
right which the United States assert to the Cannon, etc. as composing 
a part of, and as an appendage to the Forts ceded. An inventory therefore 


1State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). Captain Call, who had fought bravely under 
Jackson in the Creek War, was now his secretary and aide-de-camp. He had been directed 
to proceed by land from Nashville to Montpelier with the horses of the party, while 
Jackson went by water by way of New Orleans. He was one of Jackson’s chief agents 
in the stirring early days of occupation. In 1822 he retired from the army and began 
a distinguished political career in Florida. 


70 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


of the munitions embraced in this claim must be taken, and the receipt 
must be specified that they have been received with the Forts, claimed by 
the Spanish Commissioner as not included in the cession, but to be held 
by the-American Agents, subject to any future disposition which may 
be adjudged by the respective Governments. The Spanish Commissioner’s 
receipt for provisions, transportation etc., will be given in the same form, 
and you will distinctly state to the Governor and Commissioner that if 
the Spanish Government insist hereafter on the delivery of the one, the 
United-States will urge payment for the other. 

Should this arrangement not prove satisfactory you will then unequi- 
vocally refuse any other facilities in Transportation than what is allowed 
by the literal construction of the 7th Article of the Treaty; i. e. Trans- 
portation to officers, and soldiers alone, without any accomodation for the 
civil department, families, Servants or provisions. 

You will protest most solemnly against the dismantling the Forts, as an 
act on the Governor’s own responsibility, contrary to and in violation of 
the 2nd Article of the Treaty; and leave it to the Spanish authorities to 
make provisions for the Transportation of the cannon, reporting the 
circumstances to me. 

You will communicate with the Governor on these points of difference 
in writing, keeping copies of your correspondence. 

Yours etc. 


To GovERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MANUEL’S, June 17, 1821. 

Sir, Ido myself the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your com- 
munication of yesterday 16th instant. 

I freely acknowledge the justice of your position that you are strictly 
bound by your instructions, and which is equally applicable to my own 
situation ; It is therefore a duty incumbent on us both to carry the Treaty 
into effect agreeably to our instructions and not to consume time in dis- 
cussing its stipulations. It cannot but be regretted however, that our re- 
spective Governments should thus be at variance on points so clear, ac- 
cording to my view, as to what is conveyed by the 2nd article of the Treaty 
under the word Fortifications, as there used. for the reasons you have 
given, and which I admit to be just, I refrain from entering into a minute 
examination of the question; but at the same time I must be permitted in 
reply to your letter to shew how widely I differ from you in the con- 
struction of the 2nd article of the Treaty. 

It is true an Edifice is a house, a store-house, or other public building 
for the safe keeping of public property, or other public uses, and a Forti- 
fication, when stripped of its means of defence and which constitutes it 
such, may be called an Edifice; and if it had not been the intention and 
meaning of the contracting parties, that the Fortifications as such, with 
all the means of defence annexed thereto should pass, the insertion of 
the word Fortification would have been unnecessary inasmuch as the word 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


“ Manuel’s ” was the estate of Ma a 
some fifteen miles NNW. of Pensacola. eee a 


June, 1821 yal 


edifice had been previously introduced. A Fortification, stripped of its 
armament is in fact but an edifice, or a place which has been, or may be a 
Foritfication. 

The Royal order would appear to me to relate to the field Artillery, and 
to the Munitions appertaining thereto. I cannot presume that any other 
construction was intended by His Catholic Majesty’s Minister to be given 
to the order, as any other would be to ascribe to His Catholic Majesty, a 
departure from the plain, natural and obvious construction of the 2nd 
article, of which the high respect for the good faith of His Catholic 
Majesty, entertained by the President of the United States, and myself, 
will not for a moment permit a belief. 

I take this occasion to assure you that I would not, if I could, induce 
you to depart from your positive instructions. on the contrary it is my 
most sincere wish that the duties intrusted to us may be accomplished in 
the most amicable manner. when I shall have the pleasure of personally 
meeting you, I shall hope to make an agreement agreeable to the instruc- 
tions given by me to Captain Call, and which he has communicated to you, 
and which will refer the objects of difference to be adjusted by our respec- 
tive Governments. 

With Sentiments of respect, 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.” 


Translation. 
PENSACOLA, June 19, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, Experiencing a little relief from my sufferings, as 
IT have already acquainted Your Excellency in my note of this day,’ I 
have the honour to inform you that I have received your communication 
of the 17th instant, in reply to mine of the 16th idem and that I am ap- 
prised of its contents. I cannot but regret the circumstance of our differ- 
ence of opinion relatively to the Artillery, as evidenced by our correspon- 
dence down to this date, but I rest assured that by following the counsel 
which I proposed to Your Excellency as the only one that I could adopt, 
all the operations to which my superintendence extends will very soon be 
brought into a desirable train. 

I remain with the warmest sentiments of friendship, and the most 
anxious wish to see you, etc. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). , 

2In this letter Callava uttered a number of formal compliments and excused himself 
on the ground of illness for not having “ had the pleasure of seeing Your Excellency 4 18 
reply to a wish expressed by Jackson he sent the following inconclusive reply: 

“Your Excellency expresses also a wish that I would concur in fixing a day as early 
as possible and to suit the mutual convenience of both parties for an interview and exhibi- 
tion of our credentials, a reciprocal official recognition and an entrance into the duties of 
our respective Commissions. In reply, I have the honour to acquaint Your Excellency, 
that in your quality of Commissioner, you may when it suits your pleasure, and in the 
manner you may deem most expedient, exhibit your credentials to me, as the existing 
Commandant of this Province, and that I have already told Your Excellency, that I am 
authorized to enter into arrangements for its being evacuated by His Catholic Majesty's 
Troops, and delivered to Your Excellency, agreeable to the stipulations of our respective 
Governments.” 


72 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To GovERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MANUEL’s, June 20, 1821. 

Sir, I had the honour late last night of receiving Your Excellency’s 
two letters of the 19th instant, and with extreme regret I learn the con- 
tinuation of your ill health, but feel gratified with the information that 
the violence of your disease has so far abated, as no longer to threaten 
your existence, and that you now enjoy the pleasing prospect of returning 
health, for which I offer up my fervent prayers. 

The contents of your letter of the same date to Col. Gadsden, in reply 
to the propositions made by him under authority from me to Your Excel- 
lency, have likewise been communicated to me. To prevent any miscon- 
struction of the contents of the communication I had the honour of ad- 
dressing you by Col. Gadsden of the 16th instant; of the motives which 
dictated the suggestions therein you still appear to have but an imperfect 
conception ; I deem it proper thus to explain. 

On the 1oth instant I was advised by Col. Forbes, the American Agent 
charged with the delivery of the Royal Order to the Captain General of 
Cuba, for fulfiling the stipulations of the Treaty concluded with Spain 
on the 22nd February 1819, and ratified on the corresponding day of 
1821, so far as connected with the evacuation of the Provinces ceded, of 
his arrival in Pensacola, accompanied with Don Alva,’ the Spanish Com- 
missioner for delivering the Provinces of East and West Florida to the 
American authorities appointed to receive them. 

In a communication from the same American Agent to the Secretary 
of State, forwarded through me, enclosing a copy of the Captain General 
of Cuba’s order, for the delivery of the Province of West Florida, con- 
formably to the Treaty above alluded to, to which I was referred, it ap- 
pears that in the order Col. Forbes’ name was mentioned as the American 
commissioner authorized to receive, and to whom the Territory of East 
and West Florida was to be delivered. 

In a communication from Your Excellency of the roth instant you ad- 
vised me of having received orders from the Captain General of Cuba 
authorizing you to enter into any arrangements which may be necessary 
for the evacuation of the Province of West Florida, the delivery of it 
and the transportation of its Garrison etc. etc. 

To correct these seeming contradictions, I deemed it adviseable to re- 
notify you immediately of my being appointed on the part of the Ameri- 
can Government, sole commissioner for receiving the Provinces of East 
and West Florida as ceded under the Treaty concluded on the 22nd Feb- 
ruary 1819, and ratified on the corresponding day of 1821, and suggested 
the propriety of a day being concluded on when we might meet, exhibit | 
our credentials and officially recognize each other under the Commissions, 
with the execution of which we were charged by our respective Govern- 
ments. As it appears however from your communications that you have 
recognized me as the Commissioner authorized on the part of the United 
States, to receive the Provinces of East and West Florida, the necessity 


1 State Dept., Terr, Pap., Fla. (copy). 
2 Don Pedro de Alba. 


June, 1821 163 


of our immediate exhibition of our respective credentials is in a measure 
removed; and the exchange of copies of them, which will hereafter be 
both proper and necessary, may be postponed until you are prepared for 
the delivery of the Province of West Florida, as well as the conclusion of 
all acts connected with that event. 

I now have the honour of repeating to you that under the orders of my 
Government, I have entered this Territory, and now remain encamped 
with my Troops, 15 miles from Pensacola, prepared to receive the Prov- 
ince of West Florida, as soon as you are enabled to comply with the stipu- 
lations of the Treaty so frequently alluded to in this letter. 

I cannot but express an anxious wish that an early period may be desig- 
nated for the accomplishment of said object; and you will be assured that 
I am prompted to this by considerations of mutual convenience, interest 
and comfort to both parties. The season is approaching when a voyage to 
Havana will be hasardous from exposure to hurricanes, heavy gales of 
wind and which so frequently desolate the gulph; and a sea voyage at the 
approaching period to a more southern climate has not unfrequently 
proved unfriendly to Individuals compelled to make it. The encamping 
of Troops at this season of the year is alike unfavourable to their health, 
and the inconvenience of drawing supplies from depots 15 miles removed 
from camp is not only seriously felt; but is in a measure impracticable 
from the difficulty of procuring suitable transportation in this country. 

I am well persuaded of the exertions making on your part to act with 
promptness, and decision in the execution of your commission, and I am 
also satisfied from arrangements made it would be inconvenient to em- 
bark the Spanish Troops in Pensacola, before those from St. Marks ar- 
rive. But with a view of enabling me to operate in concert with you I 
must request if practicable, that you name in how many days after the 
arrival of the Troops from St. Marks you will be prepared to evacuate 
the Province of West Florida and deliver the same to the American au- 
thorities appointed to receive it. 

I have been active in arrangeing the measures connected with the duties 
of my Commission, and have to inform you that one of the Transports 
intended to convey the Spanish Troops to Havana, has sometime since 
arrived in Pensacola. Another engaged for the same purpose was unfor- 
tunately cast away near the Balize; but prompt measures have been taken 
to remedy the missfortune in time for your embarkation. 

The supplies for the voyage had necessarily to be drawn from the 
American depots on the Mississippi; and as the information sought of 
you sometime since, could not then be obtained, I was compelled, so that 
no delay should be ascribed to the American Commissioner in the execu- 
tion of his duties, to be governed in the laying in of supplies etc. by the 
usage and custom which prevailed in the United States. 

The enclosed paper contains information as to the component part of 
the ration as issued to the Troops of the United-States army ; and the pro- 
visions laid in had been conformable to that. | 

The ordinary passage from Pensacola to the Havana, in such vessels 
as will be furnished Your Excellency, is from nine to ten days. Fifteen 


74 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


days of the American ration will be laid in; and two days supply of fresh 
meat the day the vessels sail, making in all 17 days rations. 

It would have afforded me pleasure to have made the ration correspond 
to the issues in the spanish service, had the required information been re- 
ceived in time. Major Staunton, however, of the Quarter Masters De- 
partment, charged by me with the duties appertaining to the Transpor- 
tation of the Spanish Troops to the Havana, will receive instructions to 
concert with you all measures connected with the comfortable transpor- 
tation and comfortable subsistence of the Spanish Troops, as far as it can 
be effected in Pensacola, by exchanging such parts of the American ration 
for such part of the Spanish as may be preferred. 

In the American service no pecuniary allowance is made Officers for 
their private tables. They are entitled to draw their rations, the com- 
ponent parts of which are similar to that allowed the soldier, at the rate 
of 3 rations per day to Subalterns and Captains; 4 to Majors, 5 to Lieu- 
tenant Colonels, and 6 to Colonels; their private stores are always laid in 
at their own expence: In the American service we have no rule or prece- 
dent to govern issues to civil officers, or wives of civil and military offi- 
cers; they shall receive however conformably to the Spanish practice 1%4 
rations each day; servants as soldiers are entitled to one ration each. 

With you I regret any difference of opinion as to the construction of 
any articles of the Treaty, the stipulations of which we are in part com- 
missioned to execute. I express a hope however, that an arrangement 
respecting the cannon claimed by the Government which I represent, as 
included in the Fortifications, ceded, may be made to our mutual satisfac- 
tion and in a manner which may be amicably adjudged by our respective 
Governments. 

I remain, Sir, with the warmest sentiments of respect, and with a most 
anxious wish of personally evincing my esteem for you whenever the 
state of your health will permit, Your mo. h. St. 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


Translation 
PENSACOLA, June 22, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, I received with the utmost satisfaction yesterday 
morning Your Excellency’s communication of the same date, as in it I 
observe plainly that Your Excellency displays your sublime prudence un- 
der every aspect ; being informed of all the minor points and particulars 
of your relation, I with pleasure pass on to remove those which require 
some comments. 

I perfectly agree with Your Excellency that the exhibition of creden- 
tials may be deferred for the present, but I must add that in the single 
event of my complaint retaining its violence, Your Excellency may at a 
convenient time, send by one of your Aids the document by which it ap- 
pears by Certificate, that Your Excellency is the person authorized by 
Your Government to receive this Province which His Catholic Majesty 
has at this time under my charge, because if it contains only that authori- 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


June, 1821 "5 


zation, the original ought to remain in my possession for my own exon- 
eration, and if it should happen to contain any other appointments, it will 
be necessary that four copies of that part of said document relating to 
the authorization, should be taken in the Spanish language, and that Your 
Excellency should attest by your signature the correctness and legality of 
the same; all of which it will be proper should be done in time to be suit- 
able evidence of my discharge. Your Excellency must not be surprized at 
or astonished by my refusing to receive the documents referred to, at the 
time you sent it to me by the hands of Dr. Bronaugh and Judge Bracken- 
ridge, since I had at that epoch (as I apprized Your Excellency) no order 
for entering on, or proceeding to the evacuation and delivery. 

It is positively false that the least authorization has devolved on Alva 
from my Government, as he was only charged with bearing to me the 
orders under cover, and it is an undoubted truth that I am the Com- 
mander entrusted by Spain with the Government of West Florida; that 
without my consent and instrumentality no one could deliver said Prov- 
ince to another Nation, and that no person has at this time the most dis- 
tant idea of such an undertaking, either with or without my connivance; 
and under these circumstances I desire, with the highest sentiments of 
friendship fairness and candour for Your Excellency, that you would be 
persuaded of its being altogether unnecessary for you to receive from me 
the authorizations given me, as the operation demands solely that I should 
be perfectly assured of the person who is to receive said Province. 

As soon as the Garrison of Apalache shall be in this place, and the 
Transports shall be ready, I esteem four or six days at the utmost as suffi- 
cient for the delivery of it, the embarkation of the equipage, the Troops 
and other individuals; whence Your Excellency may now infer the time 
solicited of me to be fixed. 

I am well apprized of the arrangements relative to the subsistence 
agreed upon for the transportation, and acquiesce in them. 

I regret particularly the inconveniences with which the United States 
Troops have met in the place where they are located, as well as those 
attendant upon the conveyance of their provisions; if both of these could 
be remedied by a nearer approach to this Town, I would with the great- 
est eagerness contribute to the better accomodation of both, to the utmost 
extent of my abilities; Your Excellency knows that this is in your power 
as also in that of your Officers and Troops, and that the only obstacle lies 
in the inconvenience, that the soldier on either side might be embroiled, 
and which would give rise to unpleasant consequences; Your Excellency 
will follow the dictates of the necessity of the case, your own prudence 
and good pleasure. Be 

Permit me further out of your pure goodness, to repeat definitively 
that I cannot subject the Artillery and its appendages to any kind of com- 
promise, as I am possessed of no authority to do so, and consequently no 
other resource remains to me but that which I have proposed to Your Ex- 
cellency,? of which I have already notified His Catholic Majesty’s Pleni- 


2 That an inventory should be taken, and that the question should be referred to the two 
governments, the ordnance meantime remaining in the possession of officers of the United 
States. See the next letter. 


76 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


potentiary in Washington, as a proof of my good wishes towards you, and 
of my anxiety about the determination which may or will be agreed upon 
at that place with the President. In the mean while I leave a part of it 
mounted on the Fortresses, altho’ this mode of proceeding rests upon my 
own responsibility in a possible, though unexpected [contingency ?] 
namely that the expence in which the labour necessary to its removal may 
involve the Nation, and which I might have spared by making a season- 
able use of the Garrison for that purpose, may be charged to my account; 
but this mode of proceeding is in my judgement consistent with prudence 
and our better intelligence, considering the above mentioned perplexity in 
which we are involved. 

I had last night the honour of seeing Lieutenant Col. Brooke, to whom 
I presented my respects for Your Excellency, and now for the last time I 
repeat my most effectual thanks for the interest you express in the rees- 
tablishment of my health, the return of which I value more particularly 
from the peculiar satisfaction which it will give me to see Your Excel- 
lency, whom meanwhile I wish every description of happiness. God pre- 
serve Your Excellency many Years. 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MANUEL’S, June 23, 1821. 

Sir, Your letter of the 20th instant enclosing sundry articles for agree- 
ment as well as another communication from you of the 22d are now 
before me. 

In this last letter you again advert to the Cannon in the Fortifications 
and repeat that you cannot subject the Artillery to any kind of com- 
promise; but advert to the proposition which you say you had already 
made me on the subject; and of which you have notified His Catholic 
Majesty’s Minister at Washington. It would have been more gratifying 
to me if you had repeated the proposition; but to prevent any misunder- 
standings or mistakes between us hereafter, it is prudent to detail to you 
what were my views and impressions, lest they should have been imper- 
fectly interpreted to you; of the proposition you made; and under what 
limitations I assented to the same. 

In my communication to you of the 12th instant, I advised you of the 
views of the President of the United States, as to the construction to be 
placed on the 2nd Article of the Treaty with Spain, ‘‘ That the cannon be- 
longing to the Fortifications are to be considered as appendages to them, 
included in the cession and to be left with them.” 

In the same letter I stated by the 7th article of the Treaty, transporta- 
tion for the Troops to the Havana, with their baggage is alone mentioned ; 
and that no stipulation is made for provisions; but anticipating the most 
liberal construction of each article of the Treaty, the President of the 
United States had made arrangements for, and had authorized the neces- 
sary supplies for the Spanish Troops on their voyage to the Havana. 

I do not repeat these remarks with a view of reviving an argument ona 
subject which was long since put to rest ; being sensible from the candour 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


June, 1821 77 


of your confessions, that you can be governed only b_ the orders you have 
received. 

I request you to consider that I am placed in the same situation; acting 
under orders from my Goverriment; and have received most positive in- 
structions to insist that the Cannon belonging to the Fortifications be left 
on them; or to protest most solemnly against their removal, as an act on 
Your Excellency’s own responsibility, contrary to, and in violation of 
the 2nd Article of the Treaty concluded with Spain on the 22nd day of 
February 1819, and ratified on the correspanding day of the Year 1821. 

To prevent a proceeding of this character, which I feel persuaded 
would be painful to both of us, but at the same time so to conduct our 
operations that they might harmonize with and be reconcileable to the 
respective orders we had received from our Governments, I had supposed 
that the propositions made and mutually assented to, were these : 

First—That an inventory of the Cannon, munitions of War, etc., be- 
longing to the Fortifications ceded should be taken, and signed by the 
proper officers authorized to do so; with a remark that the said cannon, 
Ordnance etc. were claimed by you, but left in my possession subject to 
any future disposition which might be made of them by our respective 
Governments. 

Secondly—That an inventory of the transportation of families of Offi- 
cers, and Servants, and of the provisions placed on board of the Trans- 
ports for the supply of the Troops on their voyage should be made out 
and certified by you as furnished by me. 

These are the propositions to which I supposed I had assented; they 
correspond with the instructions given Captn. Call; for I had no more 
authority than yourself to relinquish a claim which my Government be- 
lieved it had, and ordered me to assert to the Cannon, as ceded with the 
Fortifications in the Floridas. 

I presume your views of these propositions were the same, and that 
they correspond with those of which you have advised His Catholic 
Majesty’s Minister in Washington. Should there have been however an 
unhappy misunderstanding between us on this subject, arising from an 
imperfect interpretation of our respective communications, I have only to 
request with a view of definitively and finally closing all negotiations on 
this point; that you will state what you intend to do respecting the can- 
non belonging to the Fortifications in Florida, so that I may regulate my 
conduct by the instructions received. I express a hope however that the 
two propositions embraced in this letter will be acceded to by you, as they 
are agreeable to me. a 

I enclose you a memorandum of an agreement which I am willing to 
sign relative to the transportation of the Spanish Troops, and other mat- 
ters connected with the execution of the Commissions we are respectively 
acting under. The articles differ somewhat from those sent by you, but 
are placed in the form in which they can be assented to by me. 

I am happy to learn that you will be in readiness to deliver the Province 
of West Florida to me in four or six days’after the return of the Trans- 
ports from St. Marks; I shall be prepared to receive it and to fulfil the 
duties enjoined me by my Commission. 


78 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I enclose you an attested copy of my Commission ; you shall have a view 
of the original when we meet, and any number of attested copies in En- 
glish shall be furnished you. The original I deem it proper to retain. 
With respect, etc. 


Captain RicHarp K. CALL To JACKSON.* 


PENSACOLA, June 23, 1821. 

General, I have received your note of the 23d instant requesting to 
be informed of my understanding with the Governor of Pensacola, rela- 
tive to the disposition of the Ordnance and Ordnance Stores at Fort St. 
Marks ; in reply to which I have the honour to report, that on my return to 
this place from Montpelier, I waited on the Governor and conformably 
to the instructions you had given me, I proposed that as he (the Governor) 
had required receipts to be given for Artillery and stores to be left in 
deposit at St. Marks, subject to the future orders of himself and the 
Spanish Government, that he should give receipts for the provisions and 
Transportation furnished for the removal of the civil Officers of this 
Province to the Island of Cuba. To which proposition the Governor 
replied that he was willing to order the delivery of St. Marks, and the 
removal of its Garrison to this place, merely taking an Inventory of the 
Ordnance and Ordnance Stores, and that the right to which, would be 
finally settled by you and himself or by your respective Governments, 
but of this I am not certain. I am however positive of this, that it was 
my understanding and I am convinced it was that of the Governor that 
the right of neither Nations to the Artillery was to be prejudiced or 
relinquished by this arrangement, but was to be determined by the Com- 
missioners or their respective Governments. With this understanding 
I ordered the Vessels to sail for St. Marks; in doing so I was actuated 
alone by a wish to facilitate the transportation of the Spanish Garrison 
to this place, which I considered the first step to be taken for the abandon- 
ment of the ceded Territory by the Troops of Spain. And I believe[d] 
by adopting this measure much time would be saved, and no inconveni- 
ence or misconstruction could possibly arise, as the Governor and yourself, 
to whom this question was referred would be enabled to determine with 
whom the artillery should remain, while the Garrison of St. Marks would 
be on its passage to this place. This I considered a better arrangement 
than to wait until your arrival and detain the vessels until you and the 
Governor had settled this question of right to the Artillery, which I 
believed would necessarily consume much time. 

The Governor cannot have mistaken an agreement on this subject—it 
was too specific to admit of a doubt I am Sir, very Respectfully, etc. 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.2 

PENSACOLA, June 25, 1821. 

Translation 
Most Excellent Sir, I received yesterday morning Your Excellency’s 

communication of the 23rd instant, and as I am well acquainted with the 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 
1JTbid., (copy). : 


June, 1821 79 


tenor of the particulars it embraces, and scrupulously so with the part 
relative to the Artillery, Your Excellency’s orders and instructions on that 
sub ject, I proceed to answer you on that leading point with all the defini- 
tive conclusiveness which it demands and which falls within my province. 
I have already assured Your Excellency that there neither can have been 
nor is any misunderstanding in the account which I have given to His 
Catholic Majesty’s minister Plenipotentiary in Washington, for I have 
made it with corrected and literal copies of Your Excellency’s letters and 
my replies; and I will do the same on the first opportunity with this 
definitive communication that it may operate the proper effects on those 
antecedently sent. 

On Your Excellency’s making me in your Letter of the 12th instant, a 
reclamation of the Artillery, signifying “that it was the opinion of the 
President of the United States, that the cannon belonging to the forti- 
fications were to be considered as annexed to them and included in the 
cession, and that Your Excellency was directed as Commissioner to insist 
that by the stipulations of the 2nd article of the Treaty, the Cannon 
found in the Fortifications constituting their batteries are dependencies 
on them, and included in the cession, and concluded that the Cannon 
constituting the batteries, or the armament generally belonging to them, 
should be delivered with the Fortresses as included in the cession”’, I 
told Your Excellency in my letter of the 16th instant, that to avoid di- 
gressions I was going to be in my answer definitive and conclusive. In the 
true sense therefore of that phrase which I rendered obligatory, I repre- 
sented “ that I ought not, and consequently could not make Your Excel- 
lency a delivery with the Fortifications of the whole or a part of the 
Artillery, munition, and other articles in this Department, to pass with 
them into the property and under the dominion of the United States ” 
and I added that my sentiments having for their sole object to promote 
the good intelligence and friendship existing between our respective Gov- 
ernments, and which I desired might reign between us, I inclined to the 
determination that Your Excellency in consideration of the Presidents 
opinion, should give him an account of the difficulty, (whenever you had 
time) as I considered that through the channel of His Catholic Majesty's 
Minister Plenipotentiary in Washington, the proper determination might 
flow, which would leave both Your Excellency and myself in those ami- 
cable terms which we ought so much to desire; that until that determina- 
tion arrived, it appeared to me necessary and consistent with moderation 
that the Artillery of the Fortifications with all the effects appertaining 
thereto, should be placed under the safeguard of Your Excellency, the 
Officers and Troops of the United States, after the suitable inventories 
had been taken. 

In the subsequent letter which I addressed Your Excellency on the 19th 
in reply to yours of the 17th treating of the subject, I also told you in 
corroboration of that conclusion, and amongst other things which had an 
intimate tendency to it, “I am sure that by the means which I have pro- 
posed to Your Excellency as the only one that I could adopt, the proper 


8 


80 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


determination will very soon be ascertained relative to all the objects 
under my care”’. 

Finally my reply of the 22nd, to the following words of Your Excel- 
lency’s letter of the 20th “I am in hopes however that we will be able 
to conclude on an agreement to our mutual satisfaction touching the 
Cannon claimed by the Government which I represent, as included in the 
Fortifications ceded, and in a manner to be amicably settled by our respec- 
tive Governments ”’, was this, ‘‘ I request that Your Excellency will have 
the goodness to permit me to repeat to you definitively, that the Artillery 
and all its appendages, I can subject to no kind of compromise, as I have 
no authority so to do; no other method therefore remains for me to 
adopt, but that which I have proposed to Your Excellency, and of which 
I have already given an account to His Catholic Majesty’s minister Pleni- 
potentiary at Washington, as a proof of my sentiments of harmony and 
of the anxiety I feel concerning the determination which may or will be 
agreed’ on there, by the President ”’. 

Prompted at present on one hand by the warmest feelings of friend- 
ship and harmony, and venerating as most sacred that friendship and 
harmony which prevail between our respective Governments and in their 
compacts, and on the other, desirous of co-operating with Your Excel- 
lency as far as may be in my power, I make you the definitive statement 
requested by you and comprehended in the following heading (or Pre- 
fatory notice) which I am going to draw up, and which is to be prefixed 
word for word to the Inventory of the Artillery and its appendages: 
the above as we will mutually contribute our assistance to its formation 
is to be signed by Your Excellency and myself. 

“ An Inventory of the Cannon, Arms, Military Stores, etc. of which 
Don Jose Callava Colonel and Commandant for His Catholic Majesty in 
West Florida, has not made a delivery of, to pass into the possession, 
dominion, and Sovereignty of the United States, as he has done with 
regard to the Public Edifices, Fortifications, Barracks and other Buildings 
which have not been esteemed and held to be the property of private 
individuals. This inventory was formed of said Artillery, munitions of 
War and other effects, appertaining to the Department of Artillery, in 
order that the articles contained in it may remain subject, as far as 
concerns their removal out of West Florida and to the Territory of 
Spain, to the determination agreed on between His Catholic Majesty’s 
minister Plenipotentiary and the Government of the United States, and in 
the meantime may remain in the safe keeping of their Commissioner, 
Officers and Troops. The expressed subjection of these moveable effects 
was made at the instance of said Commissary on the part of the United 
States, Andrew Jackson: the above mentioned instance was made on the 
ground that they must be understood (in the opinion of the President 
already referred to) as comprehended with the Fortifications, and ceded 
with them, under the 2nd article of the Treaty of Amity, Settlement of dif- 
ferences and Limits, concluded definitively between Spain and the United 
States, on the 22nd of February, in the year One thousand eight hundred 
and Twenty one; all which appears in detail from the correspondence held 


June, 1821 81 


on the subject between said Commissary and the Commandant Don Jose 
Callava, both of whom are bound to give an account of the same to their 
respective Governments ”’. 

Your Excellency may consider under every point of view allowable in 
the contents of this Heading to the Inventory, my decission respecting the 
Artillery, and nothing is wanting to make this point as clear as day-light, 
but that Your Excellency should inform me decisively, whether under 
the term “The Artillery belonging to the Fortifications ceded” you 
understand the whole number of Cannon in West Florida that are not 
tield pieces, and every thing appertaining to the department of Artillery, 
to be comprehended, or a determinate part of both; If you mean all, the 
whole shall be comprehended in the Inventory. 

No remark offers itself to me on the circumstances of furnishing your 
Excellency with a certificate of the number of persons transported, and 
of the provisions with which they have been supplied by Your Excellency 
for their voyage. 

The state of my health does not allow me at this moment to answer 
Your Excellency concerning the other particulars, the translations of 
which are not yet finished either; I will do it by a convenient opportunity, 
but I cannot omit here, to avoid equivocations, referring anew to what 
I have told Your Excellency, that as soon as the Garrison of Apalache 
arrives in this place, and the Transports are ready, I estimate at 4 or 6 
days at most the time necessary for its delivery, the embarckation of the 
Equipage, Troops, and other individuals, as I observed in Your Excel- 
lency’s communication that you only refer to the time subsequent to the 
arrival of the Garrison of Apalache. 

I remain with the warmest sentiments of friendship and respect for 
Your Excellency. God preserve Your Excellency many Years. 


To GovERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MANUEL’s, June 26, 1821. 

Dear Sir, I have the honour of early acknowledging the receipt of your 
communication of the 25th instant. 

It is gratifying to me to learn that we have not misunderstood each 
other on the subject of the Artillery in Florida, and that the proposition 
of which you have advised His Catholic Majesty’s Minister at Washing- 
ton is the same as originally approved of by me, as the only measure 
calculated to promote a mutual co-operation in the discharge of our re- 
spective duties, or to reconcile those duties with the orders we had received. 
The Heading or Prefatory notice which you wish to be prefixed to the 
Cannon, Arms, Military Stores etc. is approved of, and will be signed by 
me in conjunction with you. To settle the question definitively I comply 
with your request, in deciding that in the Inventory, should be embraced 
all the Artillery, with the exception of Field Artillery, in West Florida, 
comprehending every thing appertaining to the Department of Ordnance. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


82 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


MANUEL’S, I5 MILES FROM PENSACOLA, 
June-27, 2025: 

D’r Genl. I am here waiting the arival of the transports from St 
Marks, and one from New Orleans, untill their arrival I cannot obtain 
possession of the country altho every arrangement is made for its sur- 
render. we were unfortunate in the loss of one of the transports vessel 
chartered for the transportation of the Spanish troops, she sprung a leak 
in a heavy gale and fortunately for the crew was run ashore at the Beleze, 
and I have to await the arival of another from orleans. the weather has 
been very unfavorable constant rains and blows untill the last three days. 
since the arival of the Hornet which was on the gth I have been constantly 
engaged in preparing the governor for the delivery of the country. he has 
kept me constantly answering his letters, he claimed the right of carrying 
away all the artillery. by treaty the country is ceded with all “ edifices 
and fortifications’. under the terms fortifications I claimed that every 
means of defence appertaining to the fortification passed and was trans- 
ferred under the term, observing that as well might he, if a vessel of war 
had been named in the treaty have stripped her of her arms, which would 
have changed the character of the vessel, and if the cannon was taken 
from the fortification it no longer remained as such, but was a mere edi- 
fice, and after stating that I was obliged to say to him, that if the forti- 
fication was attempted to be stripped of its means of defence it would 
be viewed as an open violation of the treaty and he held responsible for 
the same; he then proposed to take an invoice of them and refer the 
subject to our governments for adjustment, this I assented to, determined 
to deliver the artillery into the hands of my government and it may do 
with them as to them may seem right. Thus you see I have got well over 
this difficulty arising from the omission of our minister in not being 
more particular and definite in his expressions, and will be in possession 
of country and artillery in four days after the arival of the Transports; 
I must refer you to Capt Donelson and Mr Childress for the current news 
of the place, as I am not very well and weary of writing. .... 


To SECRETARY ADAMs.? 


MANUEL’S, June 29, 1821. 

Sir, lar[r]Jived here on the 15th Inst. since which I have been employed 
in making the necessary arrangements for receiving possession of West 
Florida etc. and have the honor to inform you that every thing is now 
in readiness but a vessel, to supply the place of the Transport Cora which 
was chartered by Major Staunton at New Orleans and unfortunately 
lost off the Balize in a heavy gale on her way to Pensacola. Another 
Transport could only be procured at New Orleans, and it was confidently 
expected, that Quarter Master Hunt, stationed at that place, would have 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1State Dept., B. I. A., Misc. Lett., 81. 


June, 1821 83 


chartered another vessel and dispatched her here immediately upon hear- 
ing of the loss of the Cora, but this responsibility it appears he did not 
think proper to assume, altho’ he must have recd. information of her 
loss, shortly after the accident, and no step was taken to supply another, 
until the arrival of Major Stauntons express, who was dispatched to 
Orleans the instant that a vessel could be procured to transport him, after 
the information of her loss reached Pensacola. The winds have been 
unfavorable, but the arrival of the Transport I think can not be delayed 
more than a day or two and immediately after, I shall receive possession 
as I have the pledge of the Governor that in four days or.six at furthest 
after the arrival of the Transport he will deliver formally the Keys 
of Pensacola to me. 

Some difficulty was likely to have occured in relation to the Artillery 
appertaining to the Fortifications—the Governor contended that he had 
the right to take them away, as they were not specifically ceded under the 
2nd Article of the Treaty. I claimed them as being included under the 
term Fortifications, and urged that it might be considered a violation of 
the Treaty, if an attempt should be made to strip the Fortifications of 
their means of defence and instanced the case of a vessel of war trans- 
fered from one nation to another, which might as well be striped of 
her a[r]mament by the party disposing of her, as to remove from a Forti- 
fication, its Guns mounted for its defence which would certainly change 
its character and reduce it to a mere Edifice. He however at length agreed 
that an Inventory should be taken of Ordenance, Stores etc. and the sub- 
ject be referred to our respective Governments, they remaining in the pos- 
session of the Officers of the U. States until the question should be decided. 
Immediately upon claim being set up to the Ordinance and a receipt de- 
manded for it, as in deposite, I demanded a receipt for the Provisions, 
and likewise for the Transportation which would be furnished for the 
Civil Officers and families of Officers, which were not specifically enu- 
merated under the 7th Article of the Treaty. this also has been agreed 
to and is to be referred in like manner to our Governments. So soon as 
I receive possession of the Country, I will submit to you all the corre- 
spondence which has taken place on this subject and also a full report of 
all my proceedings adopted in relation to the occupancy of the Florida’s. 

In justice to Major Staunton I must add that no blame can possibly be 
attached to him for the loss of the Transport Cora, he having used every 
necessary precaution to assertain that she was sea-worthy, as he had been 
ordered by me to employ no vessel unless he was satisfied that she was 
such. His report together with certificates etc. which fully prove that he 
faithfully performed his duty shall be furnished you. 

The unlooked for delay of the Hornet in the first place, the extraordi- 
nary occurrence of Don Alva bringing with him to Pensacola a dispatch 
to the Governor of East Florida which the Governor of West Florida 
yesterday assured me was from the Capt. Genl. of Cuba and relates to 
the delivery of East Florida, when the U. States Vessel Non-Such at the 
request of Col: Forbes was ordered from Havanna direct to St. Augus- 


84 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


tine, together with the delay which has necessarily been occasioned by 
the loss of the Transport Cora, will add to our expence in obtaining 
possession of the Floridas, and to prevent any further delay from the cir- 
cumstance of Don Alva having brought to this place dispatches for the 
Governor of St. Augustine and to ensure immediate possession, Col: 
Gadsden will sail tomorrow in the U. States Schooner Revenge which 
fortunately touched on yesterday at Pensacola, taking with him the neces- 
sary orders to Col: Butler and offering to carry the dispatch to the Gov- 
ernor of East Florida. 

I was fortunate enough to obtain from Col: Gadsden the sum of $4720 
for which I have given him duplicate Drafts as per letter of advice. 

I have had much writing in answering the letters of the Governor of 
Pensacola which has engrossed all my time and given great labor to my 
translators. 

I have the honor to be 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


Translation. 
PENSACOLA, June 30, 1821. 


Most Excellent Sir, By Your Excellency’s communications of the 26th 
and 20th instant, in reply to mine of the 25th 26th and 28th of the same, 
I learnt your assent to my last decision, that the Artillery and its appurte- 
nances are not to be withdrawn by me, until what is proper respecting it, 
shall be decided by the Minister Plenipotentiary of His Catholic Majesty 
at Washington, and the Government of the United States: the Artillery 
and whatever belongs to it remaining under the safeguard of Your Ex- 
cellency, and the Officers and Troops of the United States: and that 
the heading of the Inventory to be formed of the Artillery and what 
appertains to it, with the exception of the Field Artillery, is to be made 
out in the manner proposed by me to Your Excellency. 

All the Cannon within the territory of West Florida, and every thing 
belonging to the Artillery, shall be included in the Inventory, and the 
said Inventory shall be made by the Commandant of the Spanish Artil- 
lery, and Major Henry Stanton, agreeably to the method suggested by 
Your Excellency. 

I am advised of the appointment of Capt. R. K. Call, Your Excellency’s 
secretary and aid, Dr. J. C. Bronaugh, and Judge H. M. Brackenridge 
to unite with an equal number of persons, whom I shall name for the 
purpose of examining and comparing the Inventory of the Archives, pub- 
lic papers, etc. as exhibited by me; all which has my approbation, and 
shall be opportunely executed. 

I remain with the most sincere sentiments of friendship 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


July, 1821 85 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.? 


. MANUEL’s, July 1, 1821. 

Sir, I have received your confidential note,? and in the same spirit of 
friendship and frankness will give you the reasons for the mode adopted 
in preparing the Process verbal. On referring to the Treaty you will 
[perceive] that it was first signed by our Minister in English and then 
by the Minister of His Catholic Majesty: another copy in the spanish 
language was signed in the same way. Having had reference to the 
Process verbal of the delivery of Louisiana to the United States, I find 
the same thing was done on that occasion. It was from this document I 
copied the form I sent you, and my intention was to have the documents 
to be sent to my Government, prepared in conformity to it, and in ac- 
cordance with the Treaty. The Process verbal is the evidence of the title 
of the United States, while my signature merely proves that His Catholic 
Majesty has duly fulfilled his part of the Treaty. But in order to obviate 
any objection, two of these documents can be made each way; that is, 
two with the English in the left column to be signed first by me, and two 
with the Spanish occup[y]ing the same column and signed first by you 
for your use. I assure you I should be sorry to induce you to do any 
thing which may subject you to censure. Judge Brackenridge is possessed 
of my views and opinions on the subject, in case any further explanation 
should be necessary: he is also directed to unite with your Secretary to 
prepare the document in a suitable manner to receive our signatures. 

I am very Respectfully, etc. 


To GovERNOR CALLAVA.* 


MANUEL’s, July 1, 1821. 
Sir, Your letter of 30 ulto, containing your reply and assent to the 
agreement proposed by me has been duly received. 1 have also noted the 
ceremony of changing the Flags, as proposed by you, and which appears 
to be as follows “ A Picket of Spanish Troops consisting of an Officer 
and twenty men formed at supported arms its right in front of the Flag- 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). ’ 

2 A translation of this confidential note, without date, is in the State Department and is 
as follows: 

“The action of delivery precedes in point of time that of receiving; in order therefore 
that I may not expose myself to censure from my Government for any impropriety which 
may exist in the authentic document attesting the delivery and receipt of this Province 
respectively, I wish to call your attention to the circumstance, that in the two acts in 
the English language sent me by Your Excellency, you occupy the margin (or column ) 
in which I am entitled to speak as the person who makes the delivery. If through inad- 
vertance Your Excellency has not remarked that they were both written in this way, I hope 
your Excellency will have the goodness to inform me of it, as also of the necessity or the 
reason (if any such exist on your part) for that arrangement; I have no objection to four 
of these documents being drawn up, two in the form adopted by you, and two for myself 
on the same margin, so that each of us having two of them, I will be able to send one of 
them to my Government, in which my Act shall occupy the margin that I think suitable. 

“This is a confidential note made in the same spirit of friendship and frankness which 
you have displayed to me, and I hope to merit that you should in the same spirit state to 
me what you think adviseable.” 

1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


86 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


staff: the Troops of the United States to form in front of the Spanish 
Picket, the Flag-staff between them, on which there are to be two halliards 
and the Spanish Flag hoisted; the Flag of the United States to be hoisted 
half mast and that of Spain at the same time to be lowered, but to be 
detained at the same elevation; each of the Flags continuing thus, until 
a salute of Twenty one Guns shall be fired, on which the Flag of the 
United-States to go up and that of Spain to come down, to be taken care 
of by the Officer of the Picket who is to embark with it, withdrawing his 
Troops”. 

It is understood that the above mentioned salute is to be fired by the 
Spanish Garrison. The foregoing is agreed to as expressed with the 
following addition, As soon as the last Gun is fired, the American Flag 
to go up and that of Spain to go down; on which the American and 
Spanish Troops shall salute each other by presenting arms, and continue 
at a present, until the Spanish Officer shall deliver to the Officer of the 
United-States, Your Excellency’s order for the delivery of the Fortifica- 
tion Barancas; after which the Troops to come to a shoulder, those of 
Spain to withdraw with their flag, those of the United-States remaining 
in possession of the Fortification. 

I have to request Your Excellency to inform me of the grade of the 
Officer that will be in command of the Picket. Messr. Call, Bronaugh and 
Brackenridge will be ready tomorrow to enter on the duties devolved on 
them in conjunction with the persons Your Excellency shall be pleased to 
appoint. 

I am, Sir, very Respectfully etc. 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.? 


MANUEL’S, July 3, 1821. 

Sir, I have the honour to communicate to you that on last evening 
Major Stanton reported to me the arrival of the Ship Lucy Ann, char- 
tered by him under my order, to aid in transporting the Spanish Officers 
and Troops to the Havana, in conformity with the 2nd Article of the late 
Treaty with Spain. This ship was chartered in the toom of the Ship Cora, 
which was unfortunately lost in a gale. The Lucy Ann is reported to be 
a fine vessel new and staunch. Major Stanton has (as you have been 
already advised) my orders to superintend on my part the necessary ar- 
rangements preparatory to embarking the Officers and Troops of His 
Catholic Majesty with their baggage, and the supply of Provisions. The 
Transport with the Garrison of St. Marks must arrive very soon if not 
already in Port, and I trust that no delay will take place in putting on 
board the Transports now ready, the baggage of the Officers and Troops, 
making every necessary arrangement, so that on the arrival of the Gar- 
rison of St. Marks, possession of the Country will be surrendered forth- 
with, and the Transports with their Convoy immediately set sail. The 
government of the United-States is now paying a heavy demurrage, and 
I have the utmost confidence in your pledge that no unnecessary delay 
will be permitted on your part after the arrival of the Transports, and that 
it will afford you, as it will me, much satisfaction to have the Troops of 


1State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


July, 1821 87 


both Nations in comfortable quarters, before the boisterous and sickly 
season commences. 
I am Sir, with great consideration and respect etc. 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.* 


MANUEL’S, July 3, 1821. 

. . . . Mrs. Jackson informs me that her maid Betty has been putting 
on some airs, and been guilty of a great deal of impudence, on this sub- 
ject I have wrote Doctor Brunaugh and Mr. Blair. I have said to Mr B 
I hold him responsable for the controll of the servants and he must chas- 
tise them. I have directed that the first impertinance she uses, or the first 
disobedience of orders, that she be publicly whipped. she can behave her- 
self if she will and I have told her that Publickly whipped she shall be, 
the first offence. I have said to Mr Blair the first cloaths she attempts to 
wash for any other person but the family, without the express permis- 
sion of her Mistress, that he is to take her to the public whipping post and 
give her fifty lashes, and that she may save herself of this disgrace you 
may assure her of her danger, for I have ordered and am determined that 
she shall in all things behave herself well or receive examplary punish- 
ment. It is humiliating to me to have to resort to this, but I have to re- 
quest of you to observe her conduct and the first disobedience or impu- 
dence order Mr Blair to give her fifty lashes and if he does not perform 
it, dismiss him, and as soon as I get possession I will order a corporal to 
give it to her publickly. I am determined to cure her... . . 


To CAPTAIN JOHN DONELSON.* 


MANUEL’S, July 3, 1821. 

D’r Sir, Thad the pleasure last night to receive your kind letter of the 
14th of May last which is the only letter I have received except from 
Capt Eastin, since I left you. I sincerely thank you for this, which give us 
the pleasing intelligence that you were all well, and my farm was going on 
well; this intelligence was better than I anticipated, from the unusual bad 
spring. a good crop of cotton will this year be valluable, from the great 
destruction of crops by the spring freshetts, as well as the hail storms and 
late deluge by constant and heavy rains. 

Mrs Jackson enjoys good health as well as Miss Narcissa and the two 
Andrews, my health has not been so good, but I hope it may be benefitted 
by the sea breese as soon as I get possession of pensacola, which will be in 
a few days. the delivery has been delayed in consequence of the loss of 
the transport vessel the Cora in a gale of wind at the Balize. another was 
to be obtained at New orleans, and only reached pensacola Bay last night ; 
in a few days we will be able to get the Spanish officers and soldiers with 
their baggage embarked when I will take possession of the country. The 
Cora was lost on the 11th of last month and I have been here 15 miles 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. Published in Parton’s Jackson, II. 600. 


88 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


from pensacola since the evening of the 17th with my troops, Mrs Jack- 
son, Miss narcissa and the two Andrews have been in pensacola since the 
28th ult. Mrs J came up last evening to see me and goes down to day, and 
I hope in four days to be in complete possession of the country, when I 
will write you and be able to form an opinion when I will be able to see 
you (if life lasts) at my residence in Tennessee; I have had a very tedious 
and disagreeable time since the first of May, owing first to the delay of 
the Hornett and secondly the delay occasioned by the loss of the trans- 
port ship the Cora, but I am happy to think that the time is so near at 
hand when the full possession of the Floridas will be had. pensacola is 
crowded, and it [is] impossible under existing circumstances that any 
business can be profitable, altho I have no doubt but pensacola will rise 
into notice as a commercial city faster than any other place in the U. 
States, but it will take time for the necessary capital to concentrate there; 
and many in the first instance will be disappointed and go off dissatisfied. 
a great field is now open to the real capitalist, and real property well situ- 
ated must in a few years become very valluable. 

Mrs Jackson requests me to return you her thanks for the pleasant and 
minute detail you were pleased to give her of her chickens and gosslings. 
If old Hanna should be able to report, as present, as many chickens on 
our return in November, say to her her mistress will dub her a knight of 
the Feathers, and give her a medal plume—I am fearful the owls will de- 
stroy them. we are happy to hear that little Andrew Hutchings is so well 
contented, say to him his cousin Andrew will bring him a pretty when he 
returns, and I will buy hima pony. his situation has cost me a great deal 
of uneasiness, however since I have recd your letter, I am contented, he 
will do well. Mrs J joins me in good wishes for you and family and all 
our friends, say to your sister Hays Narcissa is in good health, and pre- 
sent us affectionately to her and family and to all our friends. say to 
Mrs Knox we send our love to her and little ones, with a request that she 
takes care of our little Andrew. let me hear from you as often as you 
have leisure and believe me to be your friend sincerely 


P. S. your son Capt Jno Donelson parted from us here a few days 
since, highly pleased with his purchase made in 1817 in pensacola—and 
I have no doubt if he holds it, that in ten years it will gain 1000 per 
cent—he ought not to sell it—if in the division he is fortunate. present 
He pee to your son Wm to Mr McLemore and Mr Martins 

amilies. 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.? 


Translation. 
PENSACOLA, July 3, 1821. 
Sir, I perfectly agree with Your Excellency in the addition which you 
have suggested to the note I sent you, relative to the ceremony of the 
change of Flags at Fort Barancas. A Lieutenant of the Spanish Troops 
will command the Picket. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


July, 1821 89 


Tomorrow the 4th or the next day the 5th, the meeting will take place 
of the persons named by Your Excellency to compare the records and 
other documents with the inventories made of them. The inventory of the 
Artillery will receive seasonable attention on the terms agreed to. 

I wish Your Excellency the best state of health, mine is improving tho’ 
slowly 

I am Your Excellencys, etc. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


MANUEL’S, I5 MILES FROM PENSACOLA, 
July 4, 1821. 

. ... I have been here waiting the arival of the Transports for 18 
days. The loss of the transport Cora on the Baleze, made it necessary to 
procure another, that could only be done at orleans, and the ship Lucy 
Ann chartered in her room only arived night before last. I had sent 
twenty days since the Amelia, for the governor of St Marks and the Shield 
to transport our garrison from Ft Gadsden to St Marks. The winds have 
been contrary and altho I have been expecting the Emilia for this five 
days she has not yet arived. the wind has been favourable for the last 
24 hours, and I hope she will arive in the course of the day, when nothing 
remains to be done but the Spanish Troops to be imbarked and posses- 
sion given. I had like to have had some dificulty about the ordinance at- 
tached to the Fortifications, the coma[n]dant claiming the right of taking 
them away as they were not specifically ceded by the treaty; I claiming 
them as passing to the u States under the term Fortification. however I 
retain all the artillery and the subject is to be determined by our gov- 
ernments. 

Having heretofore saluted the american eagles by the batteries of 
Barancas, I could not let them go without again saluting our flag from 
the same battery. My time has been unpleasant, Mrs J and Miss Hays and 
the two Andrews are at Pensacola. Mrs J was up yesterday and is in 
good health, mine is not so good. I have not been yet in Pensacola, nor do 
I suppose I will be, until I go and enter as governor of the same, I never 
have been invited. I proposed an interview, the commandant declined it, 
and I would sink the place and him with it, before I would visit him, this 
is I suppose what he wanted. he has behaved very well, but would have 
tripped at one time but I gave him emphatically to understand the course 
I would persue, he explained and declared his idea was as I had stated it. 
I hope to be with you in Novbr, in the mean time I would be happy to 
hear from you whether you have done anything with Brahan and what 
prospect of crops. present us affectionately to Polly and the family, to 
Mr J Jackson and family and accept for yourself our best wishes, adieu 


To Major Henry STANTON.* 
MANUEL’s, July 6, 1821. 
Sir. By Capt Call last evening, I recd. your letter of the 5th Instant and 
I regret the inclemency of the weather that retards the unloading of the 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1 Copy. 


90 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Lucy Ann. we cannot command Neptune, but when the waves and 
weather permits, I have full confidence not a moment will be lost on your 
part; and I have the pledge of the Governor that no delay shall be on his 
art. 

: You will please to remark, that you are the Judge whether the field Ar- 
tillery, as such designated by you, can with convenience go on board the 
Transports; if they can, being but small and few in number, it is my wish 
that they be permitted to be put on board by the Spanish garrison, as it 
will be gratifying to the commandant; and no injury to us. I make this 
remark now, from the intimation of Capt Call that you have not been in- 
structed on this point heretofore, in which I think he is mistaken. When 
the weather will permit, you will please notify the Commandant that you 
are ready to superintend the embarkation of the Artillery and heavy bag- 
gage of the officers and Troops, and if you perceive any disposition of 
delay on their part, have the goodness to remark you are instructed by me, 
that you have the pledge of the Governor that no unnecessary delay shall 
take place, that we are paying demurrage on our vessels, and I calculate 
on expedition whenever the weather will permit. 

On the subject of the Inventory to be taken of the Ordnance etc. a 
caption has been agreed upon by the Governor and myself, which will be 
handed to you by him or his officer appointed to act with you on this occa- 
sion. It is to be in english, and expresses the cause of the Inventory being 
taken, towit that they are claimed by me as passing to the U States under 
the term Fortification as used in the 5 article of the treaty. The Governor 
claims them as not being specifically ceded in said article of the treaty; 
This subject, with the provisions furnished, and all subjects of Spain 
furnished with transportation, other than the military officers, troops and 
their Baggage, are to be referred to our respective Governments for their 
decision. The ordnance etc. remaining with the U. States. From which 
you will see, that it will be necessary to have a roster of the Officers and 
Troops, and the civil officers with the wives and servants of the officers; 
and a receipt for the provision furnished, all signed by the Governor or 
proper officer appointed by him for that purpose. I would send you a 
copy of the heading of the Inventory, but as the one agreed on is in the 
possession of the Governor made out in english, he will give it to you— 
and the quality and Caliber of the Guns must be mentioned as well as the 
quality of all ordnance stores appertaining to the Fortifications and which 
are noted in the Inventory. 

I am sir with great respect. 

Yr. mo Ob Servt. 


P. S. It is intimated to me that an American prisoner in the Calaboos 
is intended to be taken. You will permit no American whatever to be 
put on board the Transport vessels. I have been and am still very unwell, 
insomuch that it is difficult for me to write 


Henry M. BRACKENRIDGE TO JACKSON. 


PENSACOLA, July 8, 1821. 
_ dear General, We have been at work all morning, in marking and sign- 
ing the publick records according to the idea you have suggested. But 


July, I82I 91 


without occular examination it is difficult to have a correct notion of what 
they are. I have sent with Captn. Call merely the notes of the marks etc. 
put upon them, intending to make out a formal paper to be signed by us. 
The records relate only to transactions between citizen and citizen; bills 
of sale, transfers, and protests; the United States government is no 
further interested than to see the citizen protected in his rights. There 
is not a single originial grant among them. You will perceive that these 
consist of unbound books containing from five to one hundred pages, for 
the first years one unbound book yearly was sufficient, afterwards three 
or four a year were required: these last are put up in separate pakages 
intended to form a book, and are numbered 1, 2 and 3. They are so differ- 
ent from any records that we are accustomed to that we had to adapt our 
plan according to their pecul[i]ar character. On some we have put both 
the letter of the alphabet and the number, when one or the other would 
have sufficed, but we thought it prudent abundanti cautela. The marks 
we have put are sufficient to identify the unbound books—it will scarcely 
be possible to substitute another for any one of them. This precaution is 
taken by us for the interests of the people here, for the United States have 
no interest further than this. 

The Governor appeared somewhat out of humor on the subject of the 
Process verbal, but on explanation changed his tone. The fault was com- 
mitted by his secretary. It is all rectified. The papers are prepared exactly 
according to the form sent to him, word for word. 

The wind is now favorable and we may expect the vessels from St. 


Marks, this evening or tomorrow.* 
I am most respectfully 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.” 


Translation 
PENSACOLA, July 10, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, In reply to Your Excellency’s letter of yesterday, 
which I received at nine o’clock last night, I have to inform you that 
Major Stanton set out this morning for the Barancas, for the purpose 
of making out the Inventory of the Artillery; and that on his return this 
evening I shall learn whether that object has been fulfilled and whether 
the Transports are ready, so that being in possession of this datum in 
full, I shall be able tomorrow to comply with the request expressed in 
your note referred to above. 

The schooners which have brought the Garrison of Apalache, are now 
unloading provisions at this place; as soon as this is done they are to 
repair to the anchorage at Barancas, for the purpose of landing the powder 
and munitions, which they bring from Apalache, to be placed in the Store 
Houses, and included in the general inventory. 

Your Excellency may rest assured that this Province will now be 
delivered to you in the shortest possible time, and tomorrow I will appoint 


1It was July 0, at 11 a. m, that the vessels bringing the Spaniards from St. Marks 


arrived at Pensacola. 
1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


92 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the day agreeably to my promise; I have thought it proper in the mean 
time to make the foregoing explanations that I might not appear to be 
dilatory in answering Your Excellency’s letter. 

I remain with the most sincere Sentiments of friendship, 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


Translation 
PENSACOLA, July II, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, At this moment, seven o’clock P. M. the last hand 
is putting to the Inventory of the Artillery; some little things yet remain 
to be completed on board the Transports, and a small portion of the Pilot 
Bread that is to form a part of the rations for the Troops is unfinished. 
the consideration of the above facts leads me to conclude that on monday 
or tuesday the 16th or 17th instant, it will be in my power to deliver the 
Province of West Florida to Your Excellency in the place already desig- 
nated, and at 10 o’clock A. M. On Saturday the 14th I will determine 
whether the delivery is to take place on monday or tuesday. Previously to 
the hour I have pointed out, all the Garrison shall be embarked, except a 
guard of thirty men and a Lieutenant, who are to remain in the Govern- 
ment House until the delivery, and that [in?] the principal point or Guard 
House, consisting of the same number, which is to be relieved by the 
United States Troops, as soon as I make you the delivery. 

It only remains for me to agree with Your Excellency on the perfect 
necessity that there is, in case the expedition, owing to the weather, 
should not be able after getting the Troops on board, to leave the harbour 
for some days, if the rations consumed by them during that time out of 
the number of the 17 allowed them for the voyage being replaced on 
board on the account of the United States, or of their being furnished 
fresh, on the same account during their continuance in the Bay. That the 
Deserters whom we may have on either side from day to day be religiously 
restored by Your Excellency and myself, without the necessity of mutual 
reclamations, but on the express condition that by the very act of being 
returned, the corporal punishment which is considered due to the crime, 
be on either part remitted to them. 

I remain with the truest sentiments of friendship, 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.! 


MANUEL’S, July 12, 1821. 
Sir, Late last night I received Your Excellency’s letter of the 11th dated 
at 7 in the evening. I had duly received Yours of the roth instant, and 
considering its tenor and your former pledge that in four days or six 
at furthest after the arrival of the Transports you would deliver possession 
of West Florida and its dependencies, It was with great surprize and 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 

1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). The outburst of impatience in this letter was 
the beginning of harsh feel‘ng between Jackson and Callava. By nature he was not the 
man to put up with the delays of the Spaniard. This last delay was trivial in itself but 
it broke a calm already threatuned by the whirlwind, : 


July, 1821 93 


astonishment that I read in your letter of the 11th instant the following 
paragraph—“ From all this I conclude that on monday or tuesday the 
16th or 17th I can deliver the Province of West Florida to Your Excel- 
lency in the place already designated at 10 o’clock A. M. On saturday the 
14th I will determine for Your Excellency whether the delivery is to be 
monday or tuesday ”’. 

At eleven o’clock A. M. on the oth instant, the Transports with the 
Garrison of St. Marks arrived in the Bay of Pensacola, were reported 
to me, and on the same day the oth instant, I reported the same to you, 
and in the last paragraph of my letter requested you would name a day 
and hour for the delivery of possession of the Province. In your answer 
to my letter on the 1oth instant you say “ Your Excellency may rest as- 
sured that now in the shortest possible time, this Province shall be de- 
livered to you, and that tomorrow I will appoint the day according to 
what I have said to you”’. In your letter of the 11th you say on the 14th 
you will determine whether the delivery shall be made on monday or 
tuesday. I am constrained to say that this is not the candour and prompt- 
ness I had a right to expect from Your Excellency’s former pledges that 
in four or six days at furthest after the arrival of the Transports, the 
Province of West Florida should be delivered to me, nor is it in accor- 
dance with that frankness which I had a right to look for, from your 
letter of the roth instant; the Transports (being the last) bringing the 
Garrison of St. Marks, arrived at 11 o’clock A. M. of the oth instant, 
the whole time agreeably to your promise of four or six days in which 
the Province shall be delivered to me, will have elapsed at 11 o’clock A. M. 
of the 15th instant. 

I have used the utmost frankness with Your Excellency in all our 
correspondence. It becomes me now to speak with the same frankness. 
My Government had the most possitive assurance from the King, your 
master, through his minister at Washington, that no unnecessary delay 
should take place in the delivery of the Floridas. Notwithstanding this, 
the Hornet was detained at the Havana upwards of one month [after ] 
she arrived. I have your pledge that within four or six days at furthest 
after the arrival of the Transports, possession shall be delivered. On 
sunday the 15th at 11 o'clock A. M. this time expires, and I shall expect 
the pledge given by you to be exactly performed. I have on a former 
occasion informed you of the great expense and inconvenience the 
United States have encountered by the unlooked for delay already ex- 
perienced ; that we are paying heavy demurrage on our Transports which 
cannot be permitted any longer. I therefore consider it my duty explicitly 
to state to you that unless your Troops are embarked within the time for 
which I hold your pledge, The Transports will be immediately after dis- 
charged from the service of the United States, unless a tender in money be 
made of the daily demurrage on the two Transports, on which they shall 
be detained two days and no longer. 

The subject of the rations has long since been put to rest. Every thing 
was offered and done on my part for your accomodation, and_.as it con- 
cerns the ration, I have your approbation of the whole, and Major Staun- 


94 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


ton has reported to me the full and entire satisfaction on your part. The 
subject with me is closed. Yesterday Major Staunton reported to me 
that every thing on his part was complied with and ready, except the 
Inventory of Ordnance, which was to be made out by your Officers, that 
he went on the 11th instant <9 Barancas for the purpose of completing the 
same, but found that Your Officers had made out no Inventory by which 
he could compare the Ordnance or Ordnance stores, that this was post- 
poned until the Inventory should be made, and that on his part he is ready 
at any moment to complete the business. 

I have no powers to treat about deserters. All American deserters have 
been disgracefully discharged—there are no deserters of yours in my 
camp, it is contrary to Law to enlist them. No American Citizen will 
be allowed to embark with the Spanish Troops on board the Transports. 

I hope, Sir, as harmony has accompanied us thus far in the performance 
of our respective duties, that it may continue to exist between us to the 
close of our Official transactions and that you will with that promptness 
which characterizes the soldier and agreeably to your Letter of the roth 
instant, on the receipt of this name a day and hour, “ within the four or 
six days, at furthest, after the arrival of the Transports ”, on which you 
will deliver possession of West Florida and its dependencies. I had hoped 
after receiving yours of the Ioth that instead of a long letter, nothing 
more could have been necessary on my part, but a mere acknowledgement 
of the receipt of Yrs of the 11th instant. 

Relying with full confidence on your pledge, I yesterday moved my 
Troops to Galvez Spring,” to be in readiness to take possession of Pensa- 
cola and the Barancas, where on this day I shall join them. At this 
place we will remain until I shall receive your answer. 

I am Sir, with great respect 


GOVERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


Translation 
PENSACOLA, July 13, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, With the greatest regret and surprize, I received 
yesterday at seven o’clock in the evening Your Excellency’s warm com- 
munication, which in my opinion, without meaning any wrong to Your 
Excellency, is as wanting in justice as it is inapplicable to the existing 
circumstances between individuals of two nations who have just termi- 
nated their differences by solemn: Treaty. 

In that communication I find my good faith sensibly attacked. as also 
the regularity of my proceedings, which indeed speak for itself, but which 
I never have nor ever could have supposed would be questioned by any 
one. Since however for my misfortune this has happened to me today, 
I proceed to reply to Your Excellency in a manner conformable to the 
frankness of my disposition, the justice of my cause and the spirit of 
friendship and harmony which direct all my sentiments and operations. 


? Jackson himself seems to have gone there the next day. I i 
Pied vig: y. It was about two miles out 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


July, 1821 95 


It is true that I stated to Your Excellency in my Letter of the 22nd 
of June last, that as soon as the Garrison of St. Marks should arrive 
at this place and the Transports should be ready, I should consider four 
or at farthest six days sufficient for the delivery, and for the embarkation 
of the Baggage, Troops, and other individuals. 

That free declaration from the moment it was made depended on the 
future for its accomplishment; it was dictated solely by the desire to 
satisfy in the best faith, the early instances of Your Excellency made to 
a Chief, whom Your Excellency cannot but know is bound by his duty to 
superintend and regulate the complete and final adjustment of accounts 
of the different Departments of a Province and of its Offices; to remove 
them with their incumbents and the families of the latter, not in the 
disorder which might be expected on the approach of an enemy, but with 
that decorum and regularity which belongs to a state of Peace and which 
are usual even among uncivilized Nations. 

Said declaration rested on futurity, and on that account was liable to 
those accidents which render it impossible to count a moment of that 
time which is to come, to those occurrences and events which the power 
of man cannot controul. In spite of all these, however, the epoch fixed, 
from the impulse of candour and the best desire to give satisfaction, has 
happily not been disregarded. 

The term mentioned by me was understood to commence when the 
Transports should be ready, and these were not ready when I wrote to 
Your Excellency on the roth and on the 11th, nor were they so yesterday, 
nor are they today; utensils are still wanting which the Troops will 
require on their passage; a portion of the Pilot-Bread deficient, which 
is to form a part of the ration on board. And on whose part did the 
failure occur? not on mine; for I ordered it to be made at my own ex- 
pence from the moment that major Stanton refused, when requested, to 
have the twenty five barrels of Flour which he allowed as a part of the ra- 
tion, made up into Pilot-bread, (as the Spanish Soldier unaccustomed to 
work up his Flour, would in fact have been without bread on board) and 
that Your Excellency may the more clearly perceive the desire which 
animated me for the attainment of the earliest evacuation of this Prov- 
ince, knowing that the Baker employed for the Spanish Troops, could 
not work it up within the time and with the promptitude which I wished, 
I requested every individual of that occupation in Town to undertake 
a part, offering them a gratuity over and above their compensation. Since 
then every thing is not ready on board the Transports to day, as is the 
fact, (for some Utensils are now making under the direction of Major 
Stanton) and since from there being no mechanics in this place, I have 
procured a civil functionary to assist in the completion of them, it is 
therefore as clear as the light of day, that Your Excellency’s complaints 
of me, and consequent disposition to give me real offence, are founded 
only in imagination, and since the time, which Your Excellency deals out 
to me with as sparing a hand as would suit a person going to execution, 
were estimated by me at four or six days at furthest from the time the 
Transports should be ready. Having now shewn Your Excellency how 


9 


96 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


little need there was of so great urgency, I have to inform you that the 
Garrison of Apalache arrived effectively at this port at 11 or 12 o’clock on 
the morning of the 9th, and that in speaking of days, not hours, it is 
usual to count the time between the dawn of one day and that of the 
next, more especially on occasions like the present; the 9th therefore 
ought not to be taken into account; on the other hand, it must be remem- 
bered, that I requested, nay entreated most earnestly that the vessels 
should be speedily unloaded, and my anxiety even prompted me to cause 
the provisions for my Troops to be landed on the roth in the rain, at the 
risk of losing them, and although there was no absolute necessity for 
it; I also solicited the return of the same vessels to the Barancas to unload 
the munitions of War, that they might be placed in the Store-house and 
included in due time in the Inventory. 

If on the 11th I had announced to Your Excellency the day and hour 
for the delivery of this Province, I did so not only without the Transports 
being ready at the time of my writing; but even then in the hope with 
which I flattered myself of being able to anticipate a day, and being in 
doubt whether the time would permit every thing to be in readiness to 
put the Troops on board, and therefore to prevent confusion being intro- 
duced into an operation which requires time and care, I relied on having 
it in my power on Saturday to determine the day and hour in question. 
That I have aimed at pursuing the shortest methods for the accomplish- 
ment of this business is remarked with astonishment by all who are aware 
how indefatigable myself and those under my orders to whom the charge 
of winding up the affairs of the Departments under their care has been 
assigned, have been in our exertions. That in order to shorten the time 
of the delivery I have expended my own money to provide utensils for 
the Transports; I have given definite orders to the Spanish Officer com- 
missioned to act with Major Stanton, should any difficulties present them- 
selves to the latter, on the subject of furnishing for the Transports any 
articles which may be essential to the comfortable accomodation of the 
Troops of this Garrison during the passage, not to contest the point, but 
to proceed instantly to put them on board at my private expence; without 
discussing with Major Stanton the question of his obligation to furnish 
them or giving him to understand that they were required of him. That 
notwithstanding a severe indisposition I have laboured night and day, 
regarding unnecessarily as a secondary consideration the preservation 
of my existence, is a most sacred truth, as also, that at this time I have 
experienced three relapses, and that I have had, and have not at present 
a person to supply my place; that the speedy arrival of the moment for 
the delivery of this Province interests myself more nearly even than 
Your Excellency, is not less true, as in the present state of my health, 
the fatigue of mind and body, might, were that moment deferred much 
longer, conduct me to my Grave. 

The Inventory’s not being made out on Major Stanton’s arrival, did 
not proceed, as Your Excellency seems to think, from negligence on the 
part of the Spanish Officer of Artillery, for as I have stated to you in my 
letter of the 30th of June last, that the Inventory should be made out 


July, 1821 97 


by the Spanish Commandant of Artillery, in conjunction with Major 
Stanton, the concurrence of both was necessary in proceeding to make it. 
I had given directions to the said Commandant accordingly; and so far 
from the delay having been occasioned by him, that delay was to be 
attributed to Stanton, for having gone to the Barancas with that object, 
he ought to have united with the Commandant for the purpose of making 
it, each one in his own language on a view of all the Articles. Had this 
been the case, we should not be under the necessity of making new con- 
frontations, and wasting that time which Your Excellency counts out to 
me by minutes so scrupulously exact, and which is so necessary to myself 
and to my Subalterns for the discharge of other pressing duties. 

As to unnecessary delay on the delivery of West Florida, I know of 
none: The Treaty stipulates that that event is to take place by the 22d 
of August counting from date to date, or sooner if possible. 

On the roth of June I received the orders for the delivery of this 
Province previously to the 22d of August. There were 72 days remain- 
ing; by making the delivery after 37 have elapsed, I think I have com- 
plied faithfully with whatever promises may have been made by His 
Catholic Majesty’s Minister, who though always bound to observe the 
same in good faith, must still have some portion of the accomplishment 
to be regulated by the particular circumstances in which the Commandants 
find themselves placed. 

I assure Your Excellency upon my honour and by whatever is most 
sacred, that in this correspondence nothing is further from my wish than 
to cause you the slightest offence or dissatisfaction but permit me to say 
like a soldier as I have been from my youth up to this day, that I view 
with the greatest surprize under the circumstances in which we find our- 
selves, the violent aspect of the following words which occur in Your 
Excellency’s communication placed there perhaps in a moment of passion 
“T consider it my duty explicitly to inform you, that unless your Troops 
are embarked within the time for which I hold your pledge, the Trans- 
ports shall be immediately after dismissed, unless a tender is made of the 
demurrage upon the two Transports, in which case they will be detained 
two days and no longer”. If the force of the reasons with which I have 
explained my conduct to Your Excellency does not suffice to convince you 
of its candour and correctness, Your Excellency may authorize them to 
come to my house, to receive from me the money which has been allowed 
as the daily demurrage, and for the two days which you indicate, it will 
be punctually paid; this concerns myself since Your Excellency exacts it, 
and it also concerns me not to recede, nor will I recede an atom from 
the path of my duties, and it is for you in my opinion to consider upon 
the other points, and to come to such determination thereon as may be 
most agreeable to you. 

On Tuesday the 17th instant at 10 o’clock in the morning I will deliver 
to Your Excellency the Province under my charge in the Government 
House. When I proposed to Your Excellency to agree upon the mutual 
restoration of the deserters, I thought that the reason of the thing carried 
with it sufficient weight, but since Your Excellency does not think the 


98 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


circumstances sufficiently strong to authorize an agreement on this matter, 
it must rest with Your Excellency’s pleasure. 

Should the Troops when embarked, be forced to remain in the Bay, 
the wind and weather preventing their egress, I will be at the expence 
of their maintenance, as they are under my charge and I am acquainted 
with Your Excellency’s views on the subject. 

I must beg of Your Excellency that these unpleasant discussions may 
cease, since prudence in every point of view requires that they should be 
avoided. 

God preserve Your Excellency many Years. 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


GALVEZ SPRING, July 13 ,1821. 

Sir, I have this evening received Your Excellency’s letter of today in 
answer to mine of the 12th instant. I heartily join with you in wishing 
that there may be an end of these unpleasant discussions. Nothing is more 
sincerely desired by me than an amicable and harmonious termination of 
the Commission entrusted to us. 

Your Excellency tells me, that you have been a soldier from your 
cradle. such has also been my lot, and I have never failed, Sir, to com- 
ply with my promise. It was from my knowledge of your being a Soldier, 
that I looked for that frankness which appertains to the character of a 
Soldier, and it was this which occasioned my surprize, on finding, that 
notwithstanding Your Excellency’s promise, often alluded to, and your 
express dictation in your letter of the roth that on the day following a 
day should be named for the delivery of the Province, instead of doing so, 
Your Excellency’s letter of the 11th informed me that on Saturday the 
14th one of two days, (both beyond the time understood as the latest) 
would be fixed upon. This was a mode of proceeding which I could not 
understand. Had Your Excellency thought proper to say to me, that from 
unexpected difficulties, from causes over which human power could have 
no controul; Had Your Excellency stated to me, one of the reasons urged 
in your letter of today, I should have felt myself as much bound by a spirit 
of liberality to acquiesce, as under the circumstances to insist on a fulfil- 
ment of Your Excellency’s pledge. 

Since, however, Your Excellency has been pleased to name a day posi- 
tively, and unconditionally, to wit, on tuesday the 17th instant at 10 
o’clock A. M. at the Government House of Pensacola, for the delivery of 
the Province; I am satisfied and wave the demand of demurrage on the 
vessels and which would not have been made, had not Your Excellency’s 
letter of the 11th in my opinicn, deviated from the course I had a right to 
expect from Your Excellency. 

With respect to the exertions Your Excellency has made for the speedy 
delivery of the Province and the promptitude displayed in our intercourse, 
I have never called them in question; on the contrary, on several occa- 
sions, I have borne testimony to them, until the unpleasant difference arose 
between us, and which I hope is now satisfactorily settled. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. 


July, 1821 99 


In justice to Major Stanton I must state to Your Excellency, that 
agreeably to my instructions, and his report to me every thing has been 
done, over and above the liberal construction given to the Treaty by the 
President, conducive to the comfort of the Troops. I am informed that 
the Flour was delivered more than fifteen days ago, in order that it might 
be prepared in such manner as Your Excellency should think proper and 
which met Your Excellency’s approbation. The Transports, I am assured 
by those on whom I place the most implicit reliance, are fitted up with a 
degree of care and attention unexampled. There is no doubt, that were 
they to remain a month longer, something might still be thought of so as to 
encrease their comforts. They have been reported to me ready, and not 
only so, but much superior in every respect to what on ordinary occasions, 
would be considered sufficient by the United States for the transportation 
of their Troops. I think it unnecessary to add any thing on this subject, 
and should not have alluded to it, but for the sake of the Officer, who is in 
some manner implicated by Your Excellency. 

I am with Sentiments of Sincere Respect, 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


GALVEZ SPRING, July 13, 1821. 

Sir, Your second note of the 13th instant has also been received, I had 
hoped that the subject of which it treats, had been well understood, and 
also put to rest some time since by my Letter of the 23d ulto. I stated to 
you in possitive terms “that I was instructed by the President of the 
United States, to insist that the Cannon belonging to the Fortifications 
be left on them, and to protest most solemnly against their removal, as an 
act on Your Excellency’s own responsibility, contrary to, and in violation 
of the 2nd Article of the Treaty.” ‘“‘ That an Inventory of the Cannon, 
munitions of War etc. etc. belonging to the Fortifications, and signed by 
the proper officer authorized to do so, with a remark that the said Cannon, 
Ordnance etc. etc. belonging to the Fortifications were claimed by you, but 
left in my possession, subject to any future disposition which might be 
made of them by our respective Governments.” 

In your letter of the 25th of June you acknowledge our understanding 
on the subject to be the same; In your letter of 28th June, a caption, or 
heading of this Inventory is prepared by you and approved by 
in my letter of the 29th with this provision, that the Inventory as well as 
heading is to be made out in English as well as Spanish. From all this it 
is clear, that the Cannon and Ordnance Stores appertaining to the Forti- 
fications are to remain on them, and the Fortifications to continue as they 
were at the time of the execution of the Treaty, until the question of right 
be determined between our respective Governments. From these facts 
which cannot be mistaken, it follows, that when an Inventory is taken it 
must set forth what kind of Cannon, and whether it be good or not, 
whether fit or unfit for service, that the facts may appear to our Govern- 
ments; if it be decided that the Ordnance pass to the United States, under 
the term Fortifications, as used, then the Inventory will be useless; but 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


100 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


should it be decided that Spain has a right to take them from the Forti- 
fications, it is important that each piece and its quality should be described, 
so that no dispute may arise about their identity. 

The Notes made by Major Stanton are therefore proper, and should 
be subjoined to the Inventory, both in English and Spanish, made out 
and signed by Your Excellency and myself. Major Stanton having made 
the remarks on the margin, an Inventory can be made out in Spanish and 
English in two hours, and ought to have been prepared long since. There 
is ample time now to prepare them, and I trust it will be done, that every 
thing may appear as it truly is, and that justice may be done in the case 
to ourselves and to our respective Governments. The specification of the 
condition and quality is for your advantage, in case they should receive 
any injury in our hands, for certainly, it would be very singular, that they 
should remain on the Fortifications, and no use permitted to be made of 
them, such a possession we could not receive, for until otherwise decided 
they must be considered by the U. S. as appertaining to the Fortifications. 

With sentiments of respect, | am y mo. o. s. 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


GALVEZ SPRING, July 15, 1821, 
10 o'clock, A. M. 

Sir, I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of Your Excellen- 
cy’s two letters of the 14th instant, which only reached me this morning, 
and my translator being in Pensacola, has detained until this time my 
answer. 

I am happy to find that our arduous duties are brought to a close to our 
mutual satisfaction, and in that spirit of amity so sincerely desired by me, 
and so desirable for the attainment of the object of the Treaty. 

Your Excellency will accept my assurance, that if there be any thing in 
my letters calculated to wound your feelings in the course of our cor- 
respondence, such was not my intention; and from the anxiety I have 
witnessed on the part of Your Excellency for the discharge of your du- 
ties with fidelity to your King, I am confident you will make due allow- 
ance for the earnestness on my part to gratify the just expectation of my 
Government and Country. 


I remain Sir, with sentiments of respect 


To Dr. James C. BRoNAUGH. 


“ Sunday Evening” July 15, 182r. 

Genl Jackson with compliments to Doctor Brunaugh informs him that 
the Genl will be in Pensacola to breakfast on tuesday at half after six 
A. M, and a number of the officers of the army as well as the officers of 
the Navy from the Hornett—will the Doctor have the goodness to aid 
Lt Donelson in making the necessary preparations for Breakfast, and 
also dinner. The scripture says return good for evil, in this feeling I in- 
tend asking the Govr. and his secrataries to dine with me, he is as I sup- 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


July, 1821 101 


pose, very sore, and if he was devoid of urbanity I mean to shew him I 
at least possess magnanimity by which I will heap coals upon his head. 
had I agreed to the ceremony this day proposed by him we would have 
had no time for dinner, but as useless ceremony is a great tax upon me, 
I have waved all that could be dispensed with and I suppose we will get 
through about eleven oclock and have the star spangled banner waving 
over our dinner. 1 have been compelled today to respond to three long 
letters. my answers were short. 

If your duties will permit I would be happy to see you some time 
tomorrow, I would ask you to dine, but it would be a tax upon your appe- 
tite. The Genl has not slept much this two nights—he was obliged night 
before last to write untill after one oclock, and the musquitoes, disturbed 
him last [night], this night he expects to sleep as he has a barr, and hopes 
his correspondence is closed with his Excellency 


GovERNOR CALLAVA TO JACKSON.* 


Translation. 
PENSACOLA, July 16, 1821. 

Most Excellent Sir, On my replying today to Your Excellency’s com- 
munications of yesterday, which are still before me, a termination must 
necessarily ensue, in a spirit of ingenuous cordiality, to those differences 
of opinion between us, which are rather to be attributed to accident and 
misconception than to unfriendly dispositions, which I am far from be- 
lieving can in any case be harbored by persons of the character of Your 
Excellency, and which Your Excellency ought to consider as being 
equally remote from me. I am about to speak to Your Excellency with 
the same frankness candour and ingeniousness which I should use to- 
wards one of my greatest and best friends, and I therefore beg Your 
Excellency will listen to me with calmness and indulgence. 

That a mutual misconception of our opinion is the cause of the un- 
pleasant feelings of Your Excellency as well as of my own, there can be 
no doubt, and the pain which they occasion both of us, is such as men 
of worth experience, to whose conduct a different respect and coloring 
is given, either by calumny, or by mistakes, or misunderstanding from 
those to which it is entitled. . 

To begin the recapitulation of our proceedings, Your Excellency ad- 
dressed me from Montpelier, notifying me of your having been appointed 
by your Government to receive this Province; you then requested of me 
information on certain points, connected with the delivery of the same 
by me, and I replied to Your Excellency, that I could not at that time 
enter upon the subject as I neither had orders nor authorization, but 
offered to satisfy you as soon as they should be received, as in fact I did 
the moment they arrived, and that without having seen your credentials, 
and actuated solely by good faith; this circumstance is an unequivocal 
proof of the ingenuousness of my disposition, for Your Excellency can- 
not but observe that previously to taking that step, I ought to have seen 
your credentials. 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


102 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Your Excellency gave me notice of your arrival at Manuels, requesting 
me to name beforehand a time and place for our interview, exhibition of 
our credentials, etc. etc. and I replied to Your Excellency, that you might 
whenever it suited your convenience exhibit yours to me in quality of 
acting commandant of West Florida. I am persuaded that Y our Excel- 
lency on receiving this intimation from me, ought to have visited me in 
person with Your credentials, an honour which I should have been war- 
ranted in returning immediately ; Your Excellency did not do so, thereby 
treating me in a manner by no means suitable to the real and effective con- 
siderations which belonged to my station in West Florida. 

In my capacity of Governor of a Province, which at that time was 
subject to Spain, and not to the United States, it was my duty to support 
my station with all the circumspection due to it; for what I might have 
done as Jose Callava as often as I pleased, the pretensions of my Nation 
would not permit me to think of ; because according to the Etiquette neces- 
sarily observed amongst nations, I should be subjected to a humiliation in 
appearance indecorous in making those previous advances to Your Ex- 
cellency which of right should first proceed from the part of Your Excel- 
lency, from the sole circumstance of my being the chief of West Florida, 
and of Your Excellency coming from without. 

Your Excellency continued to communicate with me without having 
presented your credentials, and although by a deviation from my most 
important obligations, whereby I exposed myself to a considerable re- 
spons[ibility], I gave orders for the delivery to Your Excellency of a 
military point, viz, the Fort of St. Marks of Apalache, for the delicacy of 
my own feelings made me even prefer my own ruin to putting Your Ex- 
cellency under the necessity of shewing me your credentials, and such is 
the course I have pursued until the present day; this is my undisguised 
opinion, and here is the disagreement between us; Your Excellency be- 
lieves one of two things, either that at the moment Your Excellency ar- 
rived at Manuels, I ought to have left this place to pay my respects to 
Your Excellency at your dwelling, or that I should leave my house and 
meet Your Excellency in some other place. 

I am persuaded that I have out of complaisance to Your Excellency 
waived all the points of etiquette which were my due; and in doing so 
have incurred a real responsibility; Your Excellency considers yourself 
slighted by me, when it is a fact that I am incapable of being wanting in 
respect, I will not say to a person of Your Excellency’s high standing but 
even to the most miserable and wretched of mankind; I believe it to be 
equally true that you are incapable of wilfully and intentionally disre- 
garding what is due to me; but since it is no longer possible for us to cor- 
rect the error, whether it be mine or yours, of which let those who are im- 
partial judge, far be it from us to permit the occurrence to occasion new 
explanations, or the slightest resentment, and I hope it may be the foun- 
dation of a cordial friendship between us for life, which I desire to pro- 


mote, not only with Your Excellency but with all those who are worthy 
of yours. 


July, 1821 103 


It is true that Your Excellency’s Officers were sent to me, but they came 
as bearers of Letters, and not for the express purpose of complimenting 
me: some of them moreover came empowered to treat with me on sub- 
jects which would perhaps have been more properly arranged by ourselves 
in a personal interview. If your Excellency had not desired me from the 
time I wrote my second letter, to deliver my communications to Captain 
Call that he might forward them to yqu, I should have sent them by an 
Officer ; the first of mine was sent by one of the frontier guards, not only 
from the circumstance of their being on duty at the Govt. House I could 
rely on a prompt despatch, but also because they are usually charged with 
the duty of carrying letters to and from a Province. 

My note of yesterday on the subject of the ceremonial of the delivery 
was dictated with the best faith, and had not a point of mere etiquette for 
its object. Do me the honour to peruse the enclosed small volume, the 
part contained between the pages 101 and 119, and Your Excellency will 
find the mode in which every thing was conducted on a similar occasion— 
viz—the delivery of Louis[iJana by France to the United States. Wm. 
C. C. Claiborne, and Genl. James Wilkinson, were Commissioners for the 
receipt and Mr. Lausatt on the part of France for the delivery. I hope 
Your Excellency will from this be convinced how erroneous the opinion is, 
which Your Excellency has unhappily formed of me, not only in this last 
affair, but in all my correspondence. 

My wretched state of health does not permit me to write any more at 
this moment; but I hope in the course of today to have one of the high- 
est gratifications which I shall have experienced in my life, and that is, 
if we should not be threatened with rain this eve[n]ing, (for a wetting 
would be sure to prove fatal to my existence) to have the Glory of em- 
bracing Your Excellency in Your encampment. 

God preserve Your Excellency many Years 


To GovERNOR CALLAVA.* 


GALVEZ SPRING, July 16, 1821, 
half past 2 o’clock P. M. 

Sir, I have this moment received Your Excellency’s letter of this date. 
I have not time to respond to it fully—tet it suffice that I do not speak the 
spanish language (nor as I am informed) does Your Excellency speak 
the English; but I am persuaded that the misunderstanding must have 
existed from the want of a proper interpretation of our real thoughts 
as expressed in our correspondence. 

Let me assure you, long since I should have met you with pleasure 
in Pensacola, had I not conceived that it was not your wish. Your Letter 
received at Manuels informing me of your indisposition, determined me 
to visit you without ceremony in the feelings of the frankness and har- 
mony of a Soldier; but your letter of 19 June (as translated) altered 
my determination, for altho’ without ceremony with a soldier and as 
I was told you were also; yet when I was induced to believe that an 
undue condescension was expected, I was compelled to the course which 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


104 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I pursued. My feelings as a soldier, I suppose correspond with yours, 
death before an undue condescension It is what I ask of no one It is 
what I will not render to any.’ ; 

It will afford me great pleasure to meet you in my Camp, I am without 
a horse, or I should meet you and conduct you; but I send my nephew, 
Lt. A. J. Donaldson, of the Corps of Engineers and my Aid de Camp, 
to conduct you to the Camp, where you will meet with a cordial welcome 
and where I shall be glad to see you should the weather permit; but be 
assured, I have no wish that you should expose your health if the weather 
should prove inclement, on this event. I will be in Pensacola early to- 
morrow morning to breakfast with Mrs. Jackson, whom our unfortunate 
misunderstanding has prevented me from visiting since she has been in 
Pensacola. Should I not see you this evening from the inclemency of the 
weather, will you with the frankness and friendship of a soldier, break- 
fast with Mrs. J. and myself tomorrow morning at half after Six or 
Seven, when I shall have the pleasure of introducing you to my Officers, 
who know well how to appreciate a soldiers merit, and all who have known 
you, appreciate you as such. 

You will have the goodness to inform me through my Nephew, whether 
or not you will breakfast with me on tomorrow at the appointed time, 
should you not meet me this evening in Camp. Should we not meet each 
other before 10. o’clock tomorrow on the stair case, I shall then take 
you by the hand as a soldier and friend, and I am certain after further 
acquaintance we will know how to appreciate each other. 

I am Sir, with great respect, 


To SECRETARY ADAMS." 


PENSACOLA, July 17, 1821. 


: Sir, Mine of the 29th of June advised you of the occurrences to that 
ate. 


I have now to inform you that at Ten O.Clock of this day, the Province 
of West Florida with its dependancies etc. was delivered to me in due 
form by Don Jose Callava, the Commissioner on the part of the King of 
Spain. I shall take the earliest opportunity to communicate the circum- 
stances preceeding and attending the surrender; suffice it to say, for the 


2 Jackson thought he had not been treated with due courtesy by Callava. In accepting 
the latter’s plans for the ceremony of surrender, he said in a letter to Callava of July 15: 

Your Excellency in your letter of the 22nd of June after having had the interview with 
Col. Gadsden which produced his letter to Your Excellency of the 18th of June, and after 
your letter to me of the 16th June, Your Excellency declined the interview proposed by 
me. Your note received at Manuels, the evening of my arrival made known to me your 
indisposition, which with me was a sufficient apology, although a stranger, and my wish 
was to wave all unnecessary ceremony, and meet you with the feelings and promptness 
of a soldier, waving all etiquette due to me as a stranger and to my rank. I was satisfied 
with your good wishes as expressed and of your desire to see me as soon as your health 
was restored. We have concluded the duties assigned us thus far in harmony without 
ever having had the pleasure of seeing each other, or I, one of your Officers: my Staff 
and Officers, have been instructed to shew to you all the respect due to your rank and 
situation, and I know them from long experience not to fail in the execution of m 
orders, or to be wanting in the respect due to others.” 2 

1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. 


August, 1821 105 


present, that it was accomplished in the most friendly and harmonious 
manner, although at one moment, from a misapprehension, on both sides, 
I did not flatter myself with so happy an issue. 

_ Some Ordinances for the better Government of the Town and Prov- 
ince, and in fact which are absolutely necessary, have been prepared. 
Copies of these, as well as a report of my whole proceedings as Commis- 
sioner for receiving possession of Florida, will be forwarded to you as 
soon as possible, and am satisfied they will be found strictly within the 
powers with which I am clothed by the President. 

None of the Officers appointed by the President for this Province, 
have yet joined me: whether any of those appointed for East Florida 
have arrived, I am not certainly informed. 

With great consideration and respect, 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


PENSACOLA, July 18, 1821. 

D’r Genl, On yesterday I recd possession of this place with the whole 
of West Florida and its dependencies. Thrice have I seen the Spanish 
coulours lowered and the american coulours waving over this place, and 
my fatigue has been greater this, than at any other period. I am en- 
gaged establishing some rules and regulations by which a good police may 
be established, and the health of the place preserved. its police is wretched, 
the whole town inundated, it has rained for two months, and continues 
still every day to rain. : 

The ladies are in good health and spirits, the transports under convoy 
of the Hornett are still in view, and the parting friends, cast a melancholy 
gloom over the place. however it will be a momentary thing, and I will 
have the pleasure to be enabled to lay the foundation of permanent happi- 
ness to the people, and lasting prosperity to the city. however I am 
contented that this will terminate my political career, and that I will have 
the pleasure to see you at your house in all the month of October next, 
fully satisfied, with the Hermitage to spend the rest of my days. I am 
anxious to hear from you to be advised whether any engagement for my 
place near you has been made with Genl Brahan, if not what you have 
determined on as the best plan to be adopted under the act of congress 
and the instructions of the sec of the treasury. present me to Mr James 
Jackson and say to him if he will reach here in September I will return 
with him in Octr. present Mrs J and myself affectionately to your lady 
and sweet little family, accept for yourself our best wishes. I am with 


sincere friendship 
your mo, obt. servt, 


SAMUEL R. OVERTON TO JACKSON. 


NASHVILLE, August I, 1821. 
.... Whilst in the city of Philadelphia, I learned pretty distinctly, 
that the dominant party in Pennsylvania are determined to run you as 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


106 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


a candidate for the next Presidency. I was informed, from a source, 
which might be considered authentic, that the leading politicians of that 
state, had been for some time, and were still engaged in collecting ma- 
terials upon the subject, by which to ascertain the chances of success, and 
to authorize giving you their decided support. I believe they have become 
satisfied, that you have more popularity, and greater claims to the office, 
than any other individual who can be presented to the people of the United 
States. They have, consequently determined to give you their suffrages 
at the next election. It was stated to me, that amongst the letters written 
to different parts of the Union, in order to embody public sentiment upon 
this subject, one was addressed to Genl. Adair, to which he replied, that 
you were very popular in Kentucky, and that he was unequivocally friendly 
to your election. 

Such circumstances as these, connected with the great augmentation 
of your popularity, in consequence of the investigation of your military 
conduct, in Congress, is strongly calculated to induce the belief, that your 
pretentions to the Presidency, are more imposing and flattering than any 
of those who are now seeking the patronage of the people for that station. 
If you are once brought before the people of the United States, in this 
attitude, and under favorable auspices, I think very little doubt can be 
entertained of your election. I think as little doubt can be entertained 
too, that you should consent to be considered a candidate for that 
office. If the people believe that you can render them important services 
in the capacity of President of the Union, they ought to be gratified, 
and you should acquiesce in the acceptance of their suffrages. This 
course would not only be dictated by those obligations which you owe 
to the people, but also by those due to yourself. I wish you, however, 
General, not to misunderstand me on this occasion. It is not my wish or 
aim to perform the office of dictator in this matter; but only desire what 
I have advanced, to be received as suggestions for consideration. Having 
accidentally, arrived at a knowledge of the future operations of your 
friends at the Eastward, I deemed it my bounden duty to communicate 
to you the result, to the end that you might anticipate events, and be 
properly prepared to meet them. I have no doubt your friends calculate 
with sanguine expectations that you will yield to their wishes; it is for 
you, after weighing all the considerations which should enter into the 
estimate, to decide the question. . . . . 


Mayor HENRy STANTON TO JACKSON.t 


PENSACOLA, August 2, 1821. 
Sir, In compliance with the wishes expressed in your Excellency’s note 
of this morning directing me to state particularly to your Excellency my 
understanding as to the conditions on which provisions were furnished to 
the Spanish Troops for their subsistance from this place to the Havana: 
I have the honor to inform your Excellency, that I have, in the frequent 
conversations with your Excellency on the subject, and by your Excy’s 
letter of 6th of July understood distinctly that it had been agreed between 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 


August, 1821 107 


yourself and Governor Callava, that the provisions, not being provided 
for by the 7th article of the late treaty, were to be placed on the same 
footing with the ordnance left in your Excellency’s possession: subject 
to the future decision of the Governments of Spain and the United 
States.” 

In your excellency’s instructions to me of the 23rd of June, it was 
stated that an Inventory of provisions placed on board of the transports 
would be taken, signed by the officer receiving it; and countersigned by 
myself. In compliance with this intimation, the enclosed Invoice was 
transmitted to Govr Callava through Don Manuel Garcié on the 16th 
of July. It was at the time, my opinion that the form of this Invoice was 
such as your instructions indicated, but it was not my intention to accept 
of any receipt until it had been submitted to your Excellency for such 
amendment, as your Excellency might have thought proper to suggest. 

On the morning of the 17th the day of the surrender to the American 
authorities of West Florida, It was stated to me by Mr Crusat secretary 
to the Spanish Governor, that as his Excellency was seriously indisposed : 
and had much business to transact during the morning, he wished to delay 
the execution of the receipt for the provisions as well as the statement 
required from him of the number of Troops etc actually embarked on 
board the transports, until a more convenient moment: when they would 
be duly executed. It is not possible for me to state to your Excellency 
the precise terms used by Mr Crusat; but they were such as to create a 
confident belief that the unsettled concerns alluded to in our conversation, 
would be adjusted agreeably to the understanding which existed between 
your Excellency and Gov Callava; and to the satisfaction of all concerned. 
This conversation; and request was reported by me to your Excellency; 
and the delay desired by Mr Crosat, granted. 

A copy of the instrument furnished by Gov Callava relative to the 
provisions is herewith enclosed. 

I have the honor to be 


2 Jackson had two quarrels with Callava. One was over the provisions to be furnished 
the Spanish officials and soldiers while being transported to Havana, a point on which the 
treaty of cession said nothing. The other, a furious quarrel, arose over the refusal of the 
Spaniard to release some legal papers demanded by Jackson as necessary in a law suit 
then pending. This letter deals with the first of these controversies. To understand it 
properly it is necessary to read the following note from José Y. Cruzat, Callava’s secretary, 
to Major Stanton, acting for Jackson, dated Aug. 1, 1821: 

“Dear Sir, I have translated the Inventory, which, together with a private note, you 
sent to me yesterday, to be signed by the late Governor of this Province, Dn José Callava. 
That gentleman, after having taken a full and accurate view of the subject, has directed 
me to make you the following answer. . ae ; ; 

“That by the communications of H. C. Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary near the 
Govmt. of the U. States, as well as through the channels of the Capt. Genl. of the Island 
of Cuba, he (said Governor) has been officially informed that the Provisions for the 
transportation of the Spanish Garrison from this place to the Havanna, were to _be 
furnished by the U. States; that he has not been entrusted with the reason or consideration 
for which they have been furnished, and consequently that in no document is he at liberty 
to mention any thing more than that they have in effect been furnished by the U. S. z 

“That taking for his guide the facts above stated, and confining himself to that line 
of conduct which it is the duty of a Subaltern to observe, he has extended the Document 
from its simplest form to the utmost limits of which the state of the case would admit, and 
that he cannot add, substract, or alter, a single word in it. He regrets extremely that it is 
not in his power to gratify H. E. the General, by making in that document the transforma- 
tion requested by him.” 


108 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To GOVERNOR CALLAVA.* 


PEensAcoLaA, August 3, 1821. 

Sir, It was with extreme regret that yesterday I learned from the report 
in writing, of Major Stanton, that a receipt was refused for the provisions 
furnished, and for the transportation of Civil Officers, their families and 
servants, in fulfilment of the agreement entered into between us, previ- 
ously to the delivery of this Province to the United States, as will appear 
by our correspondence, and which receipt was to have been executed at 
the same time, that the special stipulation respecting the Ordonnance was 
complied with on my part. The signing the receipt was postponed at 
the solicitation of your Secretary, Mr. Cruzat to Major Stanton, on the 
morning of the 17th, that Officer having the Inventory prepared and Mr 
Cruzat stating as the reason for this application for postponement, Your 
Excellency’s ill health, and press of business at that moment. A pledge 
was given by Mr Cruzat that this Inventory and receipt should be given 
by you at any time when your health was sufficiently restored, agreeably 
to the understanding in our correspondence, and satisfactory to me. Re- 
lying with great confidence on this assurance and anxious to avoid every 
thing which could tend to oppress your mind while you were suffering 
from sickness, I assented to the indulgence requested by Mr Cruzat. But 
I confess I experienced a disappointment, not a little mortifying, when 
Major Stanton presented me a receipt in the Spanish Language, which, 
when translated, I found to be one acknowledging that the Transportation 
and provisions, agreeably to the 7th Article of the Treaty, stipulating for 
the Transportation of the Officers and Troops of Spain with their baggage 
to Havana, had been furnished. I had really at first supposed that this 
could have been only a mistake, until the Report of Major Stanton to 
which I have alluded, was made to me. 

I will briefly call to Your Excellency’s recollection the correspondence 
and the agreement entered into on the subject; In the Letter which I 
addressed to your Excellency dated the 30th of April, I spoke of furnish- 
ing the Spanish Troops with provisions, according to the liberal inter- 
pretation which the President was disposed to give to the Treaty. This 
was of course in expectation that an interpretation equally liberal would be 
given to the stipulations in favor of the United States under the Second 
Article. At that time however Your Excellency informed me, that you 
had no authority to enter into a correspondence with me on the subject 
of my letter, and at that time the intention of Your Government to place 
a narrow and literal construction on the Second Article, had not been 
made known to me. 

I was first officially informed of the Orders from Your Government 
with respect to the Cannon of the Fortifications, when the arrangements 
were about to be made with you by Captn. Call for the delivery of St 
Marks. I then addressed you my letter of the 12th,? in which you will 
find these words, “ By the 7th Article, to the stipulations of which, I 
would particularly direct the attention of Your Excellency, the Spanish 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. (copy). 
2 Meaning June 12, 


August, 1821 109 


Officers and Troops and their baggage, are alone mentioned in the trans- 
portation to be furnished. No Notice is taken of provisions for the 
voyage, of the civil departments, of the families and Servants of the 
Officers, or of the Arms and accoutrements etc. of the soldiers; yet with 
as much propriety, and more consistently with the literal construction of 
the Treaty, may provisions be denied, and transportation for unenumer- 
ated per[s]ons and arms of the soldiers be refused, as a Fortress to be 
deprived of the Cannon belonging to'it, forming its batteries, and con- 
stituting its principal material of defence.” 

This letter was delivered to you by Captain Call who was at the same 
time presented with a letter of instructions and which he was to make 
known to you in case your orders from your Government on the subject, 
were such as you could not deviate from. 

In pursuance of these instructions, it was stated to you by Captain Call 
“that as you had required receipts for the Artillery and Stores to be left 
in deposit at St Marks, subject to the future orders of Yourself and the 
Spanish Government, he would require receipts for the provisions and 
transportation furnished for the Civil Officers to the Island of Cuba”’. 
According to his instructions he was ordered “ to state the determination 
to construe the 7th Article according to its literal signification, allowing 
transportation for the Officers, soldiers and baggage only, not including 
their families, civil department or provisions for the voyage ”—He was 
left at liberty to “ accede to your proposal, on condition that you likewise 
receipted for the Transportation furnished for civil Officers, families 
of Officers, servants and provisions not provided for in the 7th Article 
of the Treaty. An inventory to be made of the munitions etc. and the 
receipt to specify that they had been received with the Forts, claimed 
by the Spanish Commissioner as not included in the cession, but to be 
held by the American agents, subject to any future disposition which 
might be adjudged by the respective Governments. The Spanish Commis- 
sioner’s receipt for provisions, transportation etc. to be given in the same 
form and distinctly to state to Your Excellency that if Spain claimed the 
delivery of the one, the American Government would claim payment for 
the other.” 

An apparent misunderstanding afterwards occurring with respect to 
this matter, I thought it necessary in my Letter of the 23d June, in order 
to prevent all possible mistake, to place before Your Excellency, my 
understanding of the agreement, by reducing it to the two following 
distinct propositions. 

First—That an inventory of the Cannon, munitions of War etc. belong- 
ing to the fortifications ceded, should be taken and signed by the proper 
Officer authorized to do so; with a remark that the said Cannon, ordon- 
nance etc. were claimed by you, but left in my possession, subject to any 
future disposition which might be made of them by our respective Gov- 
ernments. 

Second. That an Inventory of the Transportation of families of Officers 
and servants and of provisions placed on board of the Transports for 
the supply of the Troops on their voyage should be made out by you as 
furnished by me. 


110 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The same letter [ex]pressly declared these propositions, to be the same 
as contained in my instructions to Captn. Call, and to which I had also 
referred in my letter of the 17th. In your reply of the 2 5th you declare 
that you are “ well acquainted with the tenor of the particulars it em- 
braces, and scrupulously so, with the part relative to the Artillery and 
my orders and instructions on the subject”. In the concluding part of 
the same letter you say “no remark offers itself to you on the circum- 
stance of furnishing me with a Certificate of the number of persons trans- 
ported, and of the provisions with which they have been supplied by me 
for their voyage”’. 

In conformity with the foregoing proposition, and explanatory cor- 
respondence, I made out a note for Major Stanton directing the mode in 
which the Inventory and receipt should be drawn, and after urging him 
for more than ten days to obtain it, what was my surprize when he 
handed to ne the note addressed to him by Mr Cruzat. From that I learn, 
that Your Excellency has “ already [been] informed [by] His Catholic 
Majestys Minister at Washington and [by]* the Captain General of Cuba, 
that the provisions for the Transportation of the Spanish Garrison from 
this place to Havana, was to be furnished by the United States, that the 
reason why they have been furnished, has not been given, and con- 
sequently that in no document are you at liberty to mention any thing 
more than that they have been furnished by the United States ” and that 
[not] a word can be added, subtracted or altered from the receipt you 
have thought proper to offer. 

I cannot conceal the indignation which I experienced at this open 
disregard of the agreement entered into between us, as well as of the 
pledge given by Your Secretary Mr. Cruzat to Major Stanton. Anxious 
however to close the transaction in amity, and feeling confident that the 
reason of the Second proposition in my letter of the 23d, could be suffici- 
ently collected from our correspondence, as well as from the very nature 
of the proposition itself, I resolved to accept an inventory made out in 
strict and literal conformity with that proposition, acknowledged to be 
understood by you, and assented to in Your letter of the 25th, leaving 
out of view my letter of the 12th June, the instructions to Captn. Call of 
the same date communicated to you and my subsequent references to those 
instructions, I was content with a compliance with the second proposition 
just mentioned, which, by no possibility could have been misunderstood. 

For this purpose, I this day directed my friend Dr. Bronaugh and 
Major Stanton to call on you and to request you to sign an inventory 
taken from the words of my letter of the 23d and which I learn with 
astonishment by their written report you have refused to give, without 
introducing other matter foreign to it, and which never was the subject 
of correspondence between us. I forbear, Sir, to express the opinion I 
entertain of such conduct, the facts which I have stated, speak a language 
sufficiently strong. When these things shall be made known to my Govern- 
ment and to Yours, I must ask what confidence can be placed in Your 
Excellency, what in Your Secretary, for requesting time on account of the 


3 Brackets are on MS. 


August, 1821 ley 


state of your health, giving a pledge that the receipt should be given in 
a manner satisfactory to me and afterwards regardless of that pledge and 
of Your Express agreement positively refusing to give it? This conduct 
can injure no one but Your Excellency and Your Government. 

Painful as it is to my feelings, I am compelled to pursue the only course 
that is left me, and which is, to report the case to my Government as a 
willful breach of the agreement entered into by you, and therefore ren- 
dering null and void the receipt given by me for the Ordonnance, the one 
being the consideration upon which the other was founded. 

This closes my correspondence with Your Excellency on this subject 
for ever. 

I am Sir Yr most Obdt Servt. 


To SECRETARY ADAMS. 


PENSACOLA, August 15, 1821. 

Sir, I enclose you a copy of a Memorial to the President and Directors 
of the Bank of the U. States, at Philadelphia, which has been generally 
signed by the respectable citizens of this place. 

The original addressed to the President of the Bank of the U. States 
at Philadelphia, I have taken the liberty of enclosing to you, with a 
request that you will have it forwa[r]ded. 

I have the honor to be Sir, 


To Messrs. WALTON, BRACKENRIDGE, AND MILLER.? 


OFFICE OF THE EXECUTIVE OF FLoriDA, 
PENSACOLA, August 21, 1821. 

Gentlemen: Having been officially informed that there are a number 
of papers or documents in the possession of an individual of the name of 
Domingo Sousa, of a public nature, and which belong to the office of the 
alcalde of this town although not delivered with the other documents 
relating to private property, you are hereby authorized and instructed to 
proceed to the dwelling of the said Domingo Sousa, and to make a de- 
mand of all such papers or documents as may be in his possession. In 
case the said Sousa should refuse to exhibit and deliver the same, you 
will immediately report the fact to me in writing.’ 


1 This brief order opened Jackson’s part in the celebrated Vidal case. It is explained in 
a letter from Jackson to Adams, Aug. 26, 1821, post, which with other documents was sent 
by the President on Jan. 22, 1822, to the House of Representatives, in response to a call 
by that body. See Am. St. Pap., Misc., Il. 799-913, in which are many letters not germane 
to the subject. Callava prepared a protest against his treatment and sent it, with a 
number of other documents, to the Spanish minister to the United States, who sent them 
to Secretary Adams with a strong remonstrance. For this series of documents, see ibid., 
For. Rel., 1V. 767-787. Parton (II. 787-792), has entered fully into this incident. ‘ 

2 The order of the king of Spain for handing over the provinces included the delivery 
of “the Archives and Documents which relate directly to the property and Sovereignty 
of the same two provinces, by placing them at the disposal of the Commissaries or Officers 
of the United States duly authorized to receive them.” And it went on to say: “and all 
the other papers and the effects which belong to the Nation, and which have not been 
comprehended and mentioned in the expressed clauses of the Cession, you shall have con- 
veyed and transported to another part of the Spanish possessions, which may be most 
convenient for the public service.” 


10 


112 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Dr. JAMES C. BRONAUGH TO JACKSON. 


Pensaco.a, August 23, 1821. 

Sir, I conceive it to be my duty to report to you the manner in which 
Col: G. M. Brooke acted towards Col: Butler Judge Brackenridge and 
myself when in the discharge of your Orders of yesterday 

At about half past 5 OClock last evening we proceed to the House of 
Don José Callava for the purpose of demanding of him certain papers etc. 
by your order; but being informed that he was at Col: Brook’s, we went 
to the gate and Judge Brackenridge entered the House for the purpose of 
informing him, that we had some private business with him, and that it 
was our wish to see him at his own House. Col: Brooke seeing me near 
the gate which is on the street several times called to me and requested 
me to come in, which I declined. He then came to the gate and requested 
both Col: Butler and myself to walk in, we informed him that we were in 
the discharge of certain duties and could not and requested him to ask 
Judge Brackenridge not to delay. He then returned to his House and a 
few minutes afterwards we were joined by Judge Brackenridge who in- 
formed us that Don Callava would neither give up the papers or return 
to his House and that Col: Brook had declared that no civil process should 
be served in his House; we then entered the gate and as we proceeded 
towards the House, Don Jose Callava and six or eight Spanish officers and 
citizens passed by and we were then accosted by Col: Brooke in the fol- 
lowing manner “ That he had been extremely badly treated in having his 
company disturbed—that he acknowledged no authority to arrest a man 
in his House—that he was astonished at our conduct and that it had been 
extremely indecorous towards him.” 

I am sir with gr respect 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.? 


PEensaAcota, August 26, 1821. 
Sir, The enclosed documents will advise you of an occurrence, pain- 
ful to me, but unavoidably necessary, and dictated by the imperious rules 
of justice, to save the unprotected orphan from being ruined by the most 


cruel oppression, by the most corrupt, and wicked combination, I ever 
investigated.” 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. Sept. 24, 1821, Daniel Brent, chief clerk of the State 
Department, acknowledged the receipt of this letter and enclosures, saying that he had sent 
the original to the Secretary in Boston and a copy of it to the President in Virginia. 
The letter was printed in 1822 in a report of the Secretary of State (17 Cong., 1 sess., 
Ex. Pap. 42), and reprinted therefrom in Am. St. Pap., Misc., Il. 801-802. It was also 
published in the National Intelligencer (Washington), Sept. 4, 1828, and in various other 
newspapers. 

? Dec. 5, 1821, and Jan. 28, 1822, President Monroe sent to Congress large collectio 
of documents relating to Jackson’s administration of the office ar POvERIGe of Florida. 
The first is in Am. St. Pap., For, Rel., IV. 740-808, and the second ibid., Misc., II. 799-913. 
So complete are the collections that the editor has not thought it necessary to include in 
this work several papers which, otherwise, he should have placed before the reader. The 
Florida incident is treated in Bassett’s Jackson (I. 298-317) and in Parton’s Jackson 


(II. 614-639). Parton’s account, however, loses val i 
ye : , f ue to some extent thr 
to treat the incident in a humorous manner, through his tendency 


August, 1821 113 


In the reestablishment, and resuscitation of the Judiciary in West 
Florida, and from the various distribution of the Judicial functions, I had 
indulged the hope, that no cases would occur to compel me to exercise the 
Judicial powers with which I was invested, by my commission from the 
President. 

I was well aware that much corruption existed in Spanish Judicial pro- 
ceedings, but still my mind was not prepared to expect such a scene of 
combined wickedness, and corruption, as has been brought to light by this 
investigation, and which the enclosed extracts taken from the original 
documents or records, and certified by the Alcade of Pensacola, exhibit. 
They relate to the succession, or estate, of Nicholas Maria Vidal, who 
died in this place about the year 1807, having made his will, leaving per- 
sons in this Country his heirs, but who from that time to this day, have 
never received one cent of their inheritance. It was this case which gave 
rise to the proceedings alluded to, marked no. 1, and to which I beg leave 
to refer you. 

The Document no. 2, is an abstract of the whole proceedings insti- 
tuted by the heirs for the recovery of the testamentary papers, and other 
documents relative to the estate of their deceased Father, and for the re- 
covery of which, I was compelled to exercise my Judicial functions and 
to take the energetic measures I did, and which were well warranted by 
the laws of Spain, as well as by those of the United States; and which 
could alone have preserved to the heirs of Vidal, the evidence of their 
right of property. Without these records they would have been unable to 
compel the House of Inerarity and Forbes, the depository and debtor of 
the estate, to do them right and justice. This act of justice was due to 
them, by every law human and divine. By the second article of the late 
Treaty with Spain, this right was expressly guaranteed, and under that 
Article Col: Callava as the Commissioner of Spain, was bound to deliver 
those Documents as the evidence of the right of property here, at the time 
of his surrendering the Country, and with other papers which he did 
deliver.® 

It is clearly to be perceived that the influence of John Inerarity, pre- 
vented all the decrees of Callava, as well as of his predecessors, in favor 
of the heirs of Vadal, from being executed; thus exhibiting a Judicial 
mockery without example. And by the influence and arts of this man 
(and as some have it, by his gold) the final attempt was made, secretly, to 
carry away the papers relating to this large estate, by this present shielding 
Inerarity from all responsibility to the heirs, and enabling him to con- 
tinue in undisturbed possession of property to a very large amount, so 
unjustly, corruptly, and fraud[ul]ently obtained. 


3 From the minutes of Callava’s examination, in Pensacola, Aug. 22, 1821, in the 
presence of Governor Jackson, is taken the following: 4 

“ Question 1. Were or were not the papers mentioned in a schedule handed to you by 
H. M. Brackenridge, alcalde of the city of Pensacola, delivered by Domingo Sousa at 
a nile this day to Antoine Fullarat, your major domo; and, if so, at what time of 
the day: : : 

“Answer. [Translated.] I say that I solemnly protest against the act, which at ten, in 
the middle of the night, took me from my bed, where I was sick, although I consider 
myself a Spanish commissioner, appointed by the Spanish Government, under the treaty 
recently concluded between the said Government and that of the United States, for the 


114 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I have reason to believe that Callava would not have presumed to have 
stood out in contempt of my order, but that he would have delivered the 
papers when first demanded, nay that he would have directed Domingo 
Sousa to have done so, had he not been urged to this obstinate resistance, 
by some of our American Citizens, under the impression that I would not, 
nay, durst not, commit him for the contempt. This added to the influ- 
ence which Inerarity had over him, who was continually by his side, and 
I am convinced urging him to with hold the papers, from a belief that 
their production would unfold the vilany practised, make him responsible 
to the heirs, and destroy both his character and that of Callava. It was no 
doubt this conviction, which caused him to make the involuntary excla- 
mation, (when my order was read to Col. Callava by Col: Butler, and 
when told on his refusal to deliver the papers, proven to be in his house, 
that he must appear before me,) that “the die was cast ”—yes, he said 
truly the die was cast, for he must have clearly seen, that the arts, the in- 
fluence, the wealth, the power, of no individual, not even of Inerarity him- 
self, could any longer obstruct, the pure channels of justice! 

I have to regret that the conduct of some of our Officers on this occa- 
sion, was highiy reprehensible, and that in particular of Judge Fromentin, 
unaccountable, indecorous, and unjustifiable. I have said indecorous, be- 
cause from an interview with him on the subject of his jurisdiction and 
powers, under his commission, and instructions, it was well understood, 
that the former only extended over the revenue laws, and the acts of Con- 
gress prohibitting the introduction of slaves. My Commissions and in- 
structions, had been shewn him, and he had acknowledged all other Judi- 
cial powers to reside in the A[l]cade, and in other Judicial jurisdiction 
under me, as well as in those with which I was invested by the President. 
After this clear understanding between us, and his being instructed to aid 
me in the administration of the Government, to attempt thus to oppose me, 
without even giving me notice, or making enquiry into the nature and 
cause of my proceedings, to issue what he calls a writ of Harbeas Corpus, 
without pe[ti]tion, or affidavit, or oath of any kind, and that on the ap- 
plication of Inerarity and of some Spanish Officers, the former, inter- 
ested in the destruction of these papers, was such an act of indecorum and 
contempt of my authority, displayed such ignorance of his duty, to say 
cession of the Floridas, which commission has been conf—. [Here the governor stopped 
Colonel Callava, and directed the following question to be put to him:] 


_ “Did or did not Domingo Sousa deliver at your house this day the papers above men- 
tioned; and, if so, where are those papers now?—and answer this directly. 

“Answer. That he declines answering, except in the manner he considers proper—in 
his own language, and with his own hand. 

“The question being repeated, he answered that he was here as a commissioner, and 
could not answer in any other capacity; on which he was informed by the governor that 
he could not view him as a commissioner, or in any other light than as a private individual 
charged with refusing to surrender papers which belong to the public archives of this 
province, and with being connected with individuals charged with being about to secrete 
papers and to carry them out of the country, by which the inhabitants thereof would be 
deprived of their evidence of property, and which, under the second article of the treaty 
with Spain, ought to have been delivered with the other property placed in the charge of 
the alcalde for safe-keeping. The question being again repeated, he refused to answer, 


except in the manner before stated” (Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 783). The brackets 
are in the printed minutes. 


August, I82I 115 


the least of it, as caused me to notify him to appear before me, and shew 
cause why he had attempted this improper interferrence with me, in the 
exercise of my Judicial powers. The time when the interferrence was 
made, renders his conduct still more reprehensible—he did know that 
opposition by force, had been threatened by Callava and his Spanish Offi- 
cers, to my authority, aided, as they had a right to believe, by some of my 
Officers. This as you will discover, I put down, as it ought to have been, 
and the lecture I gave the Judge when he came before me, will, I trust, for 
the future, cause him to obey the spirit of his commission, aid in the exe- 
cution of the laws, and administration of the Government, instead of at- 
tempting to oppose me, under Spanish influence.* 

I enclose you a copy of the paper he calls a writ of Habeas Corpus; if 
the view of this paper does not furnish sufficient evidence of his incapacity 
for the Office of a Judge, if it be not sufficient to strike him from the roll 
of Judges, I must say, that ignorance of law, is no objection against any 
one’s holding a Judicial station, however high and important. Judge 
Fromentine was represented to me, to be no lawyer, but favorably spoken 
of as a man of literature. But I could not have formed such an idea of his 
want of legal knowledge as this transaction displays; I am therefore more 
inclined to ascribe his conduct to weakness, than to any other cause. 

You will perceive from the whole of the proceedings, that energetic 
measures were unavoidable, that my authority was attempted to be set at 
naught, and my orders and decrees treated with contempt. I could not 
view Col: Callava in any other light, than that of a private individual, 
charged with violating the rights of others, and setting my authority at 
defience. I could not distinguish him, or his situation, from that of 
Domingo Sousa, or of Fullarat, his steward. These, by Callava’s orders, 
had treated my authority with contempt, and Callava had not the mag- 
nanimity to relieve them by acknowledging the papers to be in his posses- 
sion, even after positive proof was had of the fact, that they were so. I 
did believe, and ever will believe, that just laws can make no distinction 
of privilege between the rich and the poor, and that when men of high 
standing attempt to trample upon the rights of the weak, they are the 
fitest objects for example and punishment. In general, the great can pro- 
tect themselves, but the poor and humble, require the arm and the shield 
of the law. 

Col: Callava’s powers having ceased here with the surrender of the 
Country, it was only a display, and so considered by me, of pompous arro- 
gance and ignorance, in his claiming the privileges of diplomacy, which 
in fact he never possessed; and his powers having ceased, his Commis- 
sion accomplished, the pretension which he sat up, was an insult to the 


4 Among the documents relating to this affair sent by Jackson to the Secretary of State 
and published in Am. St. Pap., Misc., Il. 799-913, there is, at page 810, the following 
statement, signed by Judge Fromentin on Aug. 24, 1821, in Jackson’s office, in the presence 
of George Walton, secretary of West Florida: “Judge Fromentin, in obedience to the 
order of his excellency, appears, and acknowledges that he granted the writ of habeas 
corpus without the affidavit of any person, and that no affidavit was made before him; and 
that it was granted upon the verbal application of a number of individuals who made the 
application (named Le Rud., Innerarity, Brosnahan, and Father Coleman) ; and, upon 
being asked to whom he delivered the said writ of habeas corpus to be served upon the 
officer who had in custody Colonel Callava, he replied that he delivered it to one of the 
persons who made application for it, but to which he does not know.” 


116 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


weakest understanding. There are other, and many complaints by the 
Spanish subjects, who remain here, of documents relating to private prop- 
erty, being missing from the Alcades Office. If proof is had where they 
are, demands will be made, and I hope the precedent set, will prevent the 
necessity of again exercising these painful measures to coerse their pro- 
duction. But should such occur, I shall not shrink from my duty, how- 
ever painful it may be to my feelings to exercise such authority for the 
security of those individuals who, under the Treaty, look to our Govern- 
ment for the protection of their rights. ... . 


P. S. I send you a newspaper containing an Ordinance “ for the better 
regulation of the Harbour of Pensacola” and another “ regulating the 
Fees of Justices of the peace ”, both of which have been passed since my 
last communication and from my ill health and great press of business, 
I send you thro’ the paper enclosed.° 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


PENSACOLA, August 26, 1821. 

D’r Genl. Colo Butler will hand you this, and to him I refer you for 
the news of this place. I need not say as usual that I am busy, he will in- 
form you, Mrs J and Miss Narcissa with myself respects to you all, our 
son will pay his to you personally, he goes home with Colo Butler, I be- 
lieve well satisfied to get there. I hope they may reach you in safety. have 
the goodness to say to Capt Jack Donelson that I have received his letter, 
thank him for his goodness in making to me the communication, and will 
adopt his advice. I will be with you in all the month of October next if 
health and life permits. 

I am anxious to hear from you on the land subject, as my trip has and 
will be expensive and if I can get home with a loss, above all my emolu- 
ments, of one thousand dollars I will be contented, and if a sale has been 
made of my possessions near you, it will be a convenience; but the lords 
will be done. I shall leave here early in October next. I am happy to learn 
that Pickens is elected your governor, but regret to see it rumoured that 
Carroll is Gov of Tennessee, I hope it is not true for the happiness of my 
state.” May god bless you farewell, 


To Captain JOHN DONELSON.* 


' PENSACOLA, September 3, 1821. 
Dear Si, Last nights mail brought me yours of the first of August, 
for which I sincerely thank you. I have recd after a tedious delay on the 
passage all your letters, and for your attention to my interest in my ab- 


5 The Floridian, it must have been, of which the first number was publi 
: , ; published at P. 1 
eight days before, Aug. 18, 1821. It was the second newspaper issued in Florida, the rst 
bavag herd the Florida Gazette, publication of which began, at St. Augustine, a month 
bese See he a = pana Territorial Florida Journalism (Florida State Historical 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
2Israel Pickens, governor of Alabama 1821-1825; William Carroll, governor of 
Rcsrapa eye ane tana Ree a ace Hist. Mag., IX. 9-30, and, for his relations 
ckson, T. P. Abernethy, “Andre i ‘ el 
denen High Rev SCHL. ce Jackson and the Rise of Southwestern Democracy ”, 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. 


September, 1821 117 


sence, I cherish, and will through life, the most friendly and lively recol- 
lections. 

I have received no letter from Mr Saunders on the subject of my cot- 
ton. Doctor Beeler writes of the 28th of July, that on that day he stated 
to him the amount of sales of my cotton to be $551. There is an express 
agreement that he is to pay me the exchange at Nashville for the money 
of New orleans. This I have no doubt he will acknowledge. Old Mr Rich- 
ardson must be paid as soon as the work is done, and when you apply to 
Mr Saunders for money for this purpose you will please settle with him 
the exchange, and have it added to the amount of sales, before you re- 
ceive it. That for the use of the money for which the cotton was sold at 
Orleans, he is to allow me at Nashville the exchange for Orleans money, 
I am well assured he will readily acknowledge. I hope before the other 
contract for the cedar becomes due I shall be at home, should I not you 
[sic] I have informed Mr Saunders, that the money is to be applied by 
you to these debts, and that I had given you a memorandum of them and 
an order for the money. I am certain he will pay it when you apply. the 
ballance of the cotton coming to you you will retain out of the first money 
Mr Saunders pays out of the proceeds of the cotton. 

I hope we will be able to leave here by the first of October for home; 
Mrs Jacksons health is not good, and I am determined to travel her as 
early as my business and her health will permit, even if I should be com- 
pelled to come back to settle my business and turn over the Govt to my 
successor. I am determined to resign my office the moment congress 
meets, and live near you the ballance of my life. 

I am fearfull that the paper system has and will ruin the state. Its de- 
moralising effects are already seen and spoken of every where, and I have 
but little doubt (at least I fear it) that it has predominated in your late 
elections, altho I am unadvised how they have terminated but from Doctor 
Butlers letter he is doubtfull that Colo Ward? will loose his election. If 
this should be the case, let every honest man take care of himself, and 
have nothing to do with the new raggs of the state for be assured it will be 
a reign of immoral rule, and the interest of speculators will be alone con- 
sulted during the existence of the new dynasty. Say to Mr Saunders that 
he well recollects that I objected to the new state bank bills, I never had 
one of them and I never will receive one of them. in this country you 
could not pass them and get one dollar specie for ten dollars in them; I 
therefore protest against receiving any of that trash and I am sure Mr 
Saunders will not offer it, I will take the old state bank or its branches, at 
the exchange for orleans. 

Before this reaches you Colo Butler and our little son will be with you 
I hope; I trust you will extend your care over him untill we arrive, when 
he is gone you may be sure your sister will not rest long behind. We all 
enjoy tolerable health at present but I am wearied with business this hot 
weather. 

Prsent us affectionately to your lady and family and all our friends, 
and accept for your self our choicest blessings. adieu, 


2Col. Edward Ward, an aristocratic neighbor of Jackson’s, candidate for election as 
governor. 


118 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Jackson’s TALK wiTH INDIAN CHIEFTAINS.’ 


West FrortipA—PENSACOLA, September 20, 1821. 

On the 18th of September 1821, I was visited in the Executive Cham- 
ber by three chiefs of the Florida Indians, viz Blunt, Nea,moth,la and 
Mulatto King, who, through their interpreter made known to me that the 
object of their visit, was to be informed what their Father, the President 
intended to do with them, that various reports had reached them, and 
that Nea-moth-la had been up to see the head men of the Creek Nation, 
and that Genl. McIntosh told them that I would deprive them of all their 
lands, only giving to each 640 acres of land for themselves and their fami- 
lies to live on, Upon which, I gave them the following talk, 

Friends and Brothers, I am glad to see you and to shake you by the 
hand in friendship and to assure you that as the hatchet has been buried, 
your father the President never wishes to see it again raised. Your Na- 
tion was once led astray by the advice and counsel of wicked and bad men; 
the Creek Nation had listened to the same bad counsel, and in consequence, 
had brought destruction upon themselves. Your father the President gave 
them peace. McQueen and Francis,? with a number of Warriors, would 
not regard this peace; but fled from their Country, and came here, where 
they adhered to the false counsel of British Agents and Spanish incen- 
diaries, and your Nation having pursued the same course, compelled your 
Father the President to send his white children to chastise and subdue 
you, and thereby give peace to his children both red and white. This was 
four years ago, and all those Indians who had raised the bloody hatchet, 
were ordered to return to the Creek nation and there live in peace, where 
they would again be taken by the hand in friendship by their father, the 
President, and by him be protected. I repeat that I am glad to see you in 
friendship and to give you assurance that your Father the President has 
no other wish than to be in friendship with you, and that having buried 
the hatchet with his red children, he is anxious to have them collected to- 
gether at some one point where he can protect them, either within the 
limits of your Old Nation the Creeks, or, at such other point where they 
can be altogether, and within his power to protect and make them happy. 
I give to you a plain, straight talk, and do not speak with a forked tongue. 
It is necessary that you be brought together, either within the bounds of 
your old Nation, or at some other point, where your Father the President 
may be enabled to extend to you his fatherly care and assistance. Those, 
who fled from their Nation and joined in the War against us, must re- 
turn to their country, where their chiefs are willing to receive them, and 
where they will be protected by their Father the President, for they can- 
not be permitted to settle all over the Floridas and on her Sea Coast. 
Your White brethren must be settled there, to keep from you bad men 
and bad talks. I will gladly meet you tomorrow in this room, and listen 
to your talks and wishes, and give you such information as you may 
require and I possess, and I wish to be informed, where the Red people in 


1 War. Dept. files. First five paragraphs printed i ; 
4'See vol, {9.,-p. 200eand vol f Rae s printed in Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., II. 413. 


September, 1821 119 


the Floridas are settled, that I may make it known to your Father the 
President, that he may be enabled to judge of your situation, and point 
out where you are to be collected together to insure you protection and 
that you may be treated as the rest of his beloved children. Your former 
disobedience is forgotten and he again receives you as his children. The 
Chief replied, that he had heard many rumors, that he had received no sat- 
isfaction until he came to see me, that he was very glad to hear this talk 
from me, and that he believed it to be a straight talk. 

On the 19th They met agreeably to appointment, when I addressed 
them in the following manner, 

Friends and Brothers. I am glad to see you this morning and to shake 
you by the hand again, and to assure you of the kind feelings of your 
father the President, and of his love for his red children. I desire to 
know where the Red people are settled in the Floridas, and also their 
numbers. 

Nea-moth-la answered, that he liked the Talk he had received, and wd. 
carry it to his Nation, assemble the Chiefs and give it to them, and also 
that he would give me an account of the Towns, as near as possible, which 
he did as follows, saying that he knew of about 15 Towns *—viz. Red 
Town, at Tampa Bay, does not know the number of souls. Ac-lock-o-na- 
yahe, above Tampa Bay—a number of souls. O-pony’s town back of 
Tampa Bay. Tats-ta-la-hoats-ka, or water-melon-town on the Sea 
board—this side Tampa Bay. The greater part of all these fled from the 
Upper Creeks when peace was given to that Nation. A-ha-pop-ka, situ- 
ated back of the Musquito. Sow-walla village, composed of those who 
fled from the Coosa, and followed McQueen and Francis their Prophets. 
Peter McQueens village, the other side of the Tampa Bay. A-lach-a-way- 
ta-lofa, in the Alachaway plains—a great many souls, Took-o-sa-math-la 
the Chief. Santa-fee-ta-lo-fa, at the E. fork of the Suwaney—Lock-taw- 
me-coochy the Chief. Waw-ka-sausa, on the E. side of the mouth of 
Suwaney on the Sea Board—these are from the Coosa river. Old Suwany 
Town burnt in 1818 on the Suwany River. These are from the Talla- 
poosa Towns, and followers of McQueen and Francis. A-la-pa-ha-talofa, 
west of Suwany and E. of Niccasuky, the Chief Ockmulgee is lately dead. 
These are from the Upper Creeks. Wa-cissa-ta-lofa, at the head of the 
St Marks river. These are from Chattahouchy, Upper Creeks. Willa- 
nou-chee-ta-lofa near the head of St Marks River, west of Wa-cissa-ta- 
lofa, Natives of Florida. Talla-has-se, on the waters of the Micca-suky 
pond—these have lived there a long time, have about 100 warriors, and 
suppose about 10 Souls to a warrior—say 1000 Souls. Top-ke-gal-ga on 
the E. side of the O-clock-ney, near to Talla-hasse village. Wethoc- 
ouchy-talofa between the St Marks and Oclockney rivers in the fork of the 
latter. very few of these are Natives of the land. O-cheese-ulga E. of 
the Appalachicola, where Hamly* and Blunt live—about 200 Souls, 


3 Several of these towns are to be identified with places of the same name existing now: 
Alachua, Santa Fe (River), Old Town, Wacissa, Tallahassee, Ocheesee. Several others 
may be located in the list in Am. St. Pap., Ind. Aff., Il. 439. “ Talofa” means town, 

4 William Hambly, interpreter; see vol. II., p. 374. 


120 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Coth-rin the Chief. Choco-nick-la village, the Chief is Nea-thock-o- 
motla—second chief is Mulatto King, were raised there, have about 60 
warriors, on the W. side the Appa-lachicola. Top-hul-ga—this village 
and Cho-co-nick-la join each other, raised in E. Florida and removed 
there. Tock-to-eth-la, west of Fort Scott and the Chatta-houchy, ten 
miles above the forks, forty or fifty warriors, were raised at the E-con- 
cha-ta or Red ground and moved down. Another Town in Florida point 
called E-chee-po-crassa; these moved from the Upper Creeks, about 30 
warriors and a great many women and children settled there. : 

I asked the Chiefs their opinion of the number of souls in F lorida— 
they replied, that they supposed, about 2000 Souls, but were not certain. 
I enquired at what point those, who had been raised there would wish to 
be concentrated. They replied, they have not yet consulted together, but 
when they returned, would assemble all the Chiefs, and deliver the talk 
they had with me, which was a straight talk, and inform me the result. 

I then gave them the following talk, 

Friends and Brothers. Listen. I find from the information you give, 
that the greater part of the Red people in Florida are those who fled from 
the peace offered to them with the Upper Creeks in 1814, came to this 
place, joined our enemies, listened to their Talks, were driven hence, and 
went to E. Florida, and there again raised the War hatchet, excited you 
to destroy our women and children and compelled yr. father the Presi- 
dent, as before stated, to send his white children to subdue them. When 
you return, say to yr. people that those Indians must return to their own 
nation, where they will be received in peace and friendship and be pro- 
tected by their father the President as a part of his Red Children, or must 
settle at such place as shall be set apart for those who have been raised in 
the Floridas. Say to your people to remain where they are now, and to 
take care of their crops, collect all Your Chiefs and inform me or the 
President your father, where those who have been raised in the Floridas, 
wish to be settled, should they not desire to go up into the Creek Nation, 
with those who have fled from it. Tell your people all these things and 
when I get the information I have requested you to obtain, the President 
your father will send an Agent to you to point out where you are to set- 
tle and what he will do for you his red children. I will send this talk to 
your father and as the War hatchet is buried and all things forgotten, he 
hopes that you never will again raise it; he now views you as his children, 
will protect and do you justice and I will write to McIntosh, that he shall 
not trouble you. I will furnish you with provisions to carry you home, all 
will be ready tomorrow morning; you will then call, that I may shake you 
by the hand in friendship and give you the letters. 

The Chiefs replied. They were well pleased with the talk, that on their 
return, they would assemble all the Chiefs and consult with them, and 
would send me and their father the President their talk, that many of 
those who had fled from the Upper Creek had returned, and many more 
were willing to go up but were afraid. I told them, they knew I spoke 
from a straight heart, that they might assure their people of the friend- 
ship and protection of their father, but that he could not nor would not 
permit them to be scattered over the Floridas as they now are, that those 


September, 1821 121 


belonging to the Upper Creeks, being the largest number must return to 
their Nation, or settle at the place which their father the President would 
point out for those who had been raised in the Floridas, when he collects 
them together. Those who fled from the Talla-poosee and Coosa rivers 
cannot complain of this, they have their own Country, they have no claim 
to land in the Floridas. 

The Chiefs replied, they would tell all these things to their Chiefs, that 
they were pleased with the talk and would call on me tomorrow morning 
and shake me by the hand. I gave them an order to get provisions and we 
shook hands and parted. 


attest 
JoHN CoPpPINGER CONNOR 
Executive Clerk 
STEPHEN RICHARDS 
Interpreter 
This 20th day of September 1821, the Chiefs came and shook me by 
the hand. I explained the talk of yesterday ; they replied they well under- 
stood it. I then gave them a copy. 


attest. 
STEPHEN RICHARDS 
Interpreter. 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.* 


PENSACOLA, September 30, 1821. 

Sir, I have not had the pleasure of receiving any letter from you since 
yours of the 2oth ult. and in complience with your instructions therein, 
am preparing a report on the subjects alluded to, which shall be forwarded 
in due time. 

I had hoped when I last adressed you that nothing would have oc- 
curred here, after the unpleasant affair of Callava to compell me to notice 
the conduct of those spanish officers who remained, that adequate regard 
for the laws, and the chief magistracy of the country, would have induced 
them, to demean themselves peaceably during their temporary stay, but 
in this I have been mistaken, and by referrence to the within proclama- 
tion,” and news paper of the 29th instant, you will see the step I have 
been compelled to take, and the cause which has led to it. You will find 
over the signature of “ the spanish officers ” ° a violation of that decency 
and respect which is due me as the supreme Judicial tribunal of this 
country, and to my sworn interpreters, 

I should have been unworthy the important and sacred trust reposed in 
me by the president of the united states, if I could for a moment have 
sufferred the dignity and majesty of the laws, to be thus outraged in 
that of my person and my Interpreters, with impunity—so long as they 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla.; Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 813. 
2 Ibid. 
3 [bid., p. 814. 


122 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


confined themselves to a Justification of themselves, it was well, but the 
moment they attacked with their gross falshoods the dignity of the court 
and its officers, it became my duty to act with promptness. I have taken 
this step after mature reflection and deliberation, believing it absolutely 
necessary for the preservation of the peace, harmony and good gover- 
ment of the country. it will not do to permit a Band of spanish officers, to 
keep the publiq mind in a constant state of excitement, and alarm, and 
thereby, weaken that allegiance of the creoles of the country, to the gen- 
eral goverment, which is enjoined on them by my proclamation, and which 
I have every reason to believe, were disposed to yield had it not have 
been for the undue influence of these turbulent men moved by others who 
work unseen. To suffer them to remain here after being aware of these 
things, and shewing they defied my authority, considering themselves 
independant of my rule, and subordinate only to that of their chief, would 
have been highly improper, and could not have met the approbation of 
my Goverment. as long as I have the honour of commanding here, the 
Goverment and laws shall be respected; and all who deport themselves 
with becoming propriety shall receive every attention, urbanity and polite- 
ness due them. Instead of Judge Fromentine aiding me in the administra- 
tion of the Goverment I have strong reasons for believing, he is exciting 
the course that has been pursued by these spanish officers. 

I inclose for your information and that of the President, my opinion 
and that of my legal associate * on the question of my Judicial Jurisdic- 
tion and powers in the Floridas, and our decision on the case that gave 
rise to it. If I am correct in the construction of my Judicial powers, of 
which I have no doubt, I should have been warrented in committing all 
concerned. I was advised to do so, by those most friendly to the gover- 
ment, but I thought it best to extend to them all the lenity in my power, 
and have only in the first place required them to leave this country as 
they were bound to do by the seventh article of the treaty, all of which 
will more fully appear having referrence to my proclamation. 

I am sir with sincere regard and respect 


To PRESIDENT MonroeE.? 


; PENSACOLA, October 5, 1821. 

Sir: Having organised the Government of the Floridas, and it being 
now in full operation, I have determined to take a little respite from the 
laborious duties with which I have been surrounded, and leave the charge 
of the Floridas to the Secretaries appointed for the same. This becomes 
necessary, as Mrs. Jackson is anxious to return home, and the situation 
of her health requires that she should pass through the newly settled 
country before the inclement weather sets in. She and my family will 
leave this on the 7th, and I shall accompany or overtake them with a 
view to return, should it become necessary for the good order of society 
here before the meeting of the next Congress. 


4 Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. pp. 814-818. 
1 Copy. N. Y. Hist. Soc. Se ake 


October, 182I 123 


From the report of Mr. Worthington,” charged with the Government 
of East Florida, I have but little doubt that the Govt. of E. Florida will 
be well and satisfactorily administered. I should have visitted that sec- 
tion of country, but for the want of transportation, there being no public 
vessel put under my orders, and a private vessel could not be obtained 
for charter. 

I leave Col. Walton * in charge of West Florida and all its dependencies, 
particularly instructed, and from his character and talents, I am confident 
that the Government will be satisfactorily administered during my absence. 
Every thing now is progressing with regularity and harmony, and I am 
happy at so seasonable a time to be able to embrace that relaxation which 
my enfeebled constitution requires. My labours have indeed been great, 
and the near approach of Congress fills me with pleasure, as I look to that 
period when I can resign with propriety, and by Doctor Bronough you 
will receive my resignation of the Commission of Governor of the Flori- 
das etc. etc. I give you this early information, that you may in the mean- 
time select a fit person to fill this important station. It will require a man 
of energy to rule these provinces at this time, and Congress ought to pro- 
vide an energetic code of law for its government, that may as far as 
possible dispense with all Spanish customs, and at as early a day as pos- 
sible, Americanise the Floridas. 

I had determined to be silent as to the man whose energy and talents 
would fit him for this important station; but justice to one, whom I think 
a much injured man, whose merits as a military man were not inferior 
to any of his grade, and who by a decision of a Court martial, founded 
on testimony which the Government at this time can duly appreciate, has 
been degraded and neglected, and if I may be permitted to use the expres- 
sion, justice requires that he should again be noticed by his government, 
and placed in some office by which he and his rising family may be 
released from the obloquy which the sentence of the court has placed upon 
them. I have but little doubt, if the same court had the subject now under 
consideration, and supported by the same evidence, it would pronounce 
a sentence of acquittal. for these reasons, added to my high opinion of 
his military merit and his fitness for this office, and the attachment of 
the people here to him, I bring him to the view of the Government, as 
a proper person for this appointment. I mean Col. Wm. King late of the 
4 Regt. U. S. Infy. A man whose service, whilst under my command, 
I hold in fresh recollection, and whom I believe innocent of any military 
offence worthy of the degradation awarded him, and on this belief, for 
justice and his families sake, 1 now name him, when the opportunity 

_is good, for the Government to restore him to that confidence and standing 
in society which he is entitled to.” 


2 William G. D. Worthington of Maryland, secretary for East Florida. 

3 George Walton of Georgia, secretary for West Florida. 

4 Colonel King had in 1820 been suspended for five years by President Monroe as the 
result of a trial by court martial for peculation and for having some deserters shot. He 
served with Jackson in the Seminole War and, by him, was left in command at Pensacola 
in 1818, 


124 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I leave here, with the determination of returning, should Col. Walton 
inform me that such a step may be necessary. But it will be necessary, if 
possible, to go with my family to Nashville. When I left there, it was 
on a short notice, and my order positive. I left all my military papers, and 
had a right to believe that all my military Public accounts were fully 
closed. Since reaching this Territory, I am informed that my Quarter-M. 
account for quarters and fuel whilst in the city of Washington, has been 
suspended.’ As I am determined to have these accounts investigated and 
fully closed by Doctr. Bronough it becomes necessary that I should have 
my papers, that this account may be examined, stated, and forwarded by 
him. In the meantime, I assure you that nothing relating to my private 
concerns, shall prevent my return hither should my presence become 
necessary. Trusting to your goodness to have a successor appointed to 
relieve me, as soon after the meeting of Congress as your convenience 
will permit. 

Mrs. J. joins me in a tender of our respects to Mrs. Monroe and your 
family, and our best wishes for your health and happiness; and believe 
me, with sincere respect Yr. Mo. Ob. Serv. 


5 Apr. 30, 1821, William Wirt, attorney general of the United States, submitted the 
following opinion to the secretary of war: 

“Gen: Jackson’s account has, I think, been settled according to law. The act of the 
3d March 1815, ‘fixing the military peace establishment of the U. S.’ retains, in service, 
two major Generals and expressly enacts that they ‘shall be entitled to the same compen- 
sation as is provided by an Act, entitled “an act to raise an additional military force” 
passed the 11th Jany 1812’ and the act thus referred to as fixing the compensation provides 
expressly ‘That the major Generals, respectively, shall be entitled to two hundred dollars 
monthly pay, with twenty dollars allowafce for forage, monthly, and fifteen rations per 
day.’ This allowance has been made to Gen: Jackson. The same act of the 3d March 1815, 
first referred to, provides also that the officers etc. retained on the peace establishment, 
by that act, should be entitled to the same benifits and allowances in every respect, not in- 
consistent with the provisions of that act, as were autherized by the act of March 16th 
1802 entitled an act fixing the military peace establishment of the United States; by which 
latter act there was an allowance ‘to any commissioned officer who shall keep one servant, 
of one additional ration’: this also has been allowed to Gen: Jackson; and thus the whole 
compensation, authorized by the Act of the 3d March 1815, fixing the peace Establishment, 
has been allowed in the settlement of the accounts of that officer. 

“The claim which Gen: Jackson makes of forage for seven horses at the rate of $8 
per month, each, and of the pay, rations and clothing of a private soldier of the line, for 
four servants, each, is not sustained by law. These allowances, which were made during 
the war, did not grow out of the Acts of the 11th January 1812, and of the 16th March 
1802, which the act of 3d March 1815 assumes as the standard of compensation; they 
grew out of subsequent and intermediate acts and regulations, the whole of which were 
superseded by the act of 1815 fixing the peace establishment, and consequently could no 
longer give the rate of compensation. The act of the 24th april 1816 authorized these 
charges to be restored and to be thereafter made, since which period, I understand, they 
have, in conformity with this last act, been allowed. 

“Gen: Jackson is understood to rely on the oth section of this last act, as looking 
retrospectively, to the intermediate period, and authorizing these charges to be allowed 
through the whole of that period: but I understand the operation of this clause as merely 
prospective: it does look back, indeed, to the act of the 3d march 181 5, and to the regu- 
lations in force at the reduction of the army; but it looks back to them, merely, as 
furnishing a standard which shall, in future, govern the subject ‘so far as the same shall 
be found applicable to the service, subject, however to such alterations as the secretary 


of War may adopt, with the approbation of the President’. In short the account could 


not have been settled otherwise than it has been, without a violation of the act of the 3d 
March 1815, from which the i.ccounting officer had no authority to depart.” 


October, 1821 125 


SECRETARY ADAMS TO JACKSON.* 


DEPARTMENT OF STATE, October 26, 1821. 

Sir, I have had the honour of receiving your Letters of 30 July, 26th 
August, and 1st September, with their respective enclosures, which have 
been submitted to the Consideration of the President of the United States. 

I now enclose copy of a Letter which I have by his direction written to 
Judge Fromentin,? informing him that it was understood and intended 
that his Jurisdiction should be confined to the execution of the only Laws 
of the United States which by Act of Congress had been extended to 
the territories of Florida, namely the Laws relating to the revenue and its 
collection, and to the Slave trade. In the execution of these laws, which 
are of a nature entirely distinct, from those of Spain, operating in the 
Provinces, the President is of opinion that he should be amenable only 
to the Government of the United States. 

I enclose also translations of a Letter from Mr. Salmon the Charge 
d’Affaires of Spain, and of a Statement by Coll. Callava, relative to the 
arrest and detention of his person, and the forcible seizure, and abduction, 
under your authority of certain papers, which were in his possession, 
with a Copy of the answer given to the Letter of Mr. Salmon.* Before 
an ultimate answer shall be given to the Spanish Minister, upon this 
complaint, the President has thought it proper to transmit these documents 
to you, with the purpose of receiving any remarks either in relation to 
the facts alledged, or to the principles asserted in them which you may 
think the occasion requires. 

Appretiating, as the President does, the sense of duty under which 
you felt yourself compelled to resort to these measures, and the objects of 
high and impartial Justice, to which they were in your estimation ren- 


1 Jackson MSS.; printed in Am. St. Pap., Misc., I. 818. 

2 Judge Fromentin wrote several long letters to Washington defending his position with 
reference to his controversy with Jackson. They are to be found in Am. St. Pap., Misc., 
II. 833-848. Secretary Adams’s reply, Oct. 26, 1821, which disposed of the affair so far as 
the judge was concerned, was as follows (ibid., II. 848) : 

“T have had the honour of receiving your letters of 20th, 26, and 28th Augt., 6, 8, and 21 
Septr. with their respective enclosures, All which have been submitted to the President 
of the United States. ; { 

“T am, directed by him to inform you, that the Laws of the United States relative to 
the Revenue and its collection, and those relating to the Slave trade, having been the only 
ones extended by Act of Congress to the territories of Florida, it was to the execution of 
them that your Commission as Judge of the United States was considered and intended 
to apply. The President thought the authority of Congress, alone competent, to extend 
other Laws of the United States to the newly acquired territories, nor could he give to 
the Judge a Jurisdiction which could only be conferred by them. There being an essential 
difference between the nature of the powers, heretofore exercised, by the Spanish authori- 
ties in those provinces, which were continued in force, by the Act of the 3d of March last 
until the end of the next Session of Congr ss, unless a temporary government should 
‘be sooner established over them, and of the laws of the United States, which were extended 
to those provinces by that law, the President considered it his duty to entrust the execu- 
tion of each branch, to officers specially appointed for the purpose. In the execution of 
these laws, in your judicial Capacity the Governor has been informed, that you are 
considered amenable only to the Government of the United States. 

“Tn the different view which you have taken of the subject, he is persuaded that your 
motives and intentions were entirely pure, tho’ he deeply regrets the collision of authority 
and misunderstanding which have arisen between the Governor of the Territory and you.” 


3 Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 767-779. 


126 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


dered indispensable, I am directed particularly to invite your attention, 
to the following circumstances represented in these papers. ; 

1. That Coll. Callava, claimed as of right the immunities, with refer- 
ence to his person, to his dwelling house, and to his papers, which 
by the customary Laws of Nations belong to public Commissioners 
appointed to negotiate or to execute Treaty stipulations between 
Nation and Nation. 

2. That you had transacted business with him in the Capacity of a 
public Commissioner, as late as the 3d of August, three weeks after 
the day on which the surrender had been made of the Territory. 

3. That the papers finally seized by your orders, had never been offici- 
ally demanded, and that he had offered to deliver them or give 
adequate security that they should be delivered, if they should prove 
to be of the description of papers stipulated by the Treaty to be left 
in the Territory. 

4. That at the time when he was forcibly brought before you, and re- 
quired to submit to examination upon interrogatories, neither the 
questions asked of him, nor his answers were correctly interpreted. 

It is proper to apprize you that in the opinion of the President, so far 
as Coll. Callava, could justly claim the rights of a Commissioner for the 
surrender of the territory, he was entitled to all the immunities, which 
might be necessary for the execution of his trust, and which the Laws of 
Nations recognize as belonging to public Ministers. As authority for this 
opinion I refer you to Vattel,* Book 4, ch. 6, s. 75, and ch. 9, s. 125. 

A different sentiment appearing from your Letter of the 26th august 
to have been entertained by you, it would be satisfactory to learn upon 
what grounds it had been taken up, or if the privileges incident to this 
immunity had in your view ceased, it is desirable to know the considera- 
tions upon which you had so deemed of them, the view taken of them in 
the Answer to the Note of Mr. Salmon, admitting the right only in 
general terms, and inferring that they had ceased by the act of surrender, 
and of reasonable time for departure, as well as by the limitation of the 
time for the surrender stipulated in the Treaty 


To SECRETARY ADAms.! 


NASHVILLE, November 13, 1821. 

Sir, I arrived at this place on the 5th Instant, and have deferred writing 
you until the present moment, indulging the expectation, that I should, in 
the mean time, have received some communications of interest from the 
Floridas. In this calculation, however, I have been disappointed. In con- 
sequence of the irregularity of the mails between this and that place, there 
has been no arrival, bringing any thing of a later date, than that of my 
departure from Pensacola. 

From the National Intelligencer, I have discovered, that a publication 
has appeared in the Charleston Patriot, purporting to give the substance 
of a correspondence between Judge Fromentine and myself, with ac- 


+E. de Vattel, Droit des Gens (1758, Eng. trans. 1760, etc.). 
1 State Dept.; printed in Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 810. 


November, 1821 127 


companying strictures upon the same, and stating, that “ detailed accounts 
of the whole affair”, with copies of said papers had been transmitted 
to Washington; that they “have been confided to individuals, and are 
circulated privately”. On referring to my former communications, I 
do not find that a copy of that correspondence has been forwarded to the 
Department of State; and believing as I do, from Judge Fromentin’es 
disregard of truth, that he has secretly circulated it, without the accom- 
panying certificates, for the purpose, if possible, of forestalling public 
opinion; I herewith enclose copies of all the documents touching the 
transaction,’ with a request, that they may be laid before the President; 
and should it be deemed necessary, to be communicated, for the informa- 
tion of the Congress of the United States. This expose furnishes a satis- 
factory view of the whole ground in dispute, and incontestably proves, 
that Judge Fromentine has been guilty of wilfully and wickedly fabricating 
the most palpable falsehoods. The evidences of such unblushing de- 
pravity and corruption should be placed in the possession of the President, 
and in strict justice, deserves to be exposed to the execration of the whole 
American people. When an officer of such high responsibility under 
the Federal Goverment, manifests such baseness and obliquity of heart, 
it ought to excite our alarm, and stimulate the proper authority to apply 
the most speedy and efficient remedy. 

When Judge Fromentine appeared before me, in obedience to the cita- 
tion served upon him, and made what I conceived to be a sufficient 
apology for interfering with my jurisdiction, by issuing the writ of 
Habeus Corpus; and having explicitly and positively promised, that he 
would not again do any act to impede the exercise of my prerogatives; 
I was perfectly willing that the affair should here be put to rest, and 
if possible, be buried in oblivion. With this view alone, I barely required 
his signature to so much of the proceedings between us, as was absolutely 
necessary for my own justification, and to shew, that he had granted 
the writ without petition or affidavit, agreeably to law, and that he did 
not recollect to whom, or to which of the applicants it had been delivered! 

Although the Judge, in the publication referred to, asserts, that our 
interview and its results were the topics of conversation in the town of 
Pensacola, for a week after they transpired; I can confidently state, that 
they never did become the subject of remark where I was present, except 
on the evening subsequent to his discharge. On that occasion, there 
appeared to be an universal concurrence of opinion, that the Judge’s 
apology, as made in the presence of several respectable gentlemen, was a 
correct and prudent measure on his part, and that it was an act of leniency 
and forbearance on mine, in thus terminating this hasty and indecorous 
attempt to embarrass the administration of justice. Inasmuch as the in- 
structions and duty of the Judge enjoined it upon him to co-operate with 
me in the administration of the Goverment, and in distributing justice 
equally to ali, a general surprize was also expressed at the circumstance of 
his sympathies being exclusively enlisted for the relief of Colo. Calava! 


2 They are printed sbid., II. 820-823. 
II 


128 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


With re[s]pect to poor Domingo Souza and Fullerat, the Steward, the 
law was to be permitted to take its course, and although the servile instru- 
ments of Calava, they were to be left to their fate! For them, Judge 
Fromentine seems to have had no bowells of compassion. They might 
have perished and rotted in prison, before he would have stepped forward, 
with the sanction of his authority for their deliverance. The fact was, 
they had no wealth or influence, and the Judge was not, consequently, 
clothed with the power to issue a writ of habeus Corpus for their relief! 
Agreeably to his principles, the laws of the United States are only made 
for the punishment of the humble and pennyless; but whenever opposed 
to wealth and power, they must either remain inoperative, or if enforced, 
it must be done with great delicacy and respect. This course of proceed- 
ing may very well comport with the corrupt and inquisitorial system of 
former Spanish tribunals; but they are clearly and palpably unjust, and 
merit the unqualified reprobation of every honest and intelligent American. 
I can assure you, that so far as I have been enabled to collect an expression 
of public sentiment relative to the conduct of Judge Fromentine, it has 
evidently rendered him so odious and contemptible, that his name is only 
mentioned in genteel circles, to be deprecated and despised. It is con- 
sidered so flagrant and flagitious a departure from justice and propriety, 
as seriously to impair his standing, and rather to produce disaffection, 
than inspire respect and confidence in the American authorities in Florida. 

Situated as Judge Fromentine was, I did not anticipate that he would 
have had the hardihood and temerity to revive this transaction, and make 
it a subject of public investigation. Good sense, as well as the best policy, 
would certainly have dictated a very differrent proceedure. After his con- 
cessions, and open acknowledgements that he had acted hastily, and 
without a due consideration of the case, it could not have been expected, 
that the most abandoned and profligate would have denied the facts; 
particularly, when those declarations were made in the presence of several 
gentlemen of the most unimpeachable integrity. The man who could thus 
prostitute his signature for the propagation of such glaring and barefaced 
falsehoods, evi[n]ces an effrontery almost without a paralell, and a desti- 
tution of principle very incompatible with the character of one selected to 
administer the laws as Judge of the United States. Elevated as he was, 
I had hoped, that I should meet with a manly feeling and lofty integrity, 
corresponding with his honorable station ; but I sincerly regret to say, that 
he has displayed a want of honesty and candor only becoming an apostate 
priest,” and which is enough to suffuse the cheek of depravity itself with 
a blush. I may, perhaps, express my indignation upon this subject, with 
too much freedom. If the language is harsh, I am willing to acknowledge, 
that it does not altogether become me; but I am not convinced, that it is 
not meritted in its application. 

Upon a perusal of the whole correspondence and accompanying docu- 
ments, and after a mature consideration of the subject, I am induced to 
believe, that the President will be entirely satisfied of Judge Fromentine’s 
having acted regardless of principle and duty, and that he is altogether 
unworthy of the confidence reposed in him as a Judicial Officer of the 


*Fromentin was in earlier life a Jesuit priest. 


November, 1821 129 


United States. To communicate the testimony necessary to establish this 

fact, I have been impelled by the imperative obligations which I feel my- 

self bound to discharge in justice to myself and our common country. 
With every assurance of respect and esteem, I have the honor to be, 


P. S. Doct. Bronaugh will hand you several depositions and reports in 
the case of Callava,* which I have forwarded, in addition to those hereto- 
fore transmitted upon the same subject. It is my desire, that they should 
be submitted to the President, and if called for, to be laid before Congress. 
All together, they demonstrate the falsehood of Callava’s statement, and 
how little regard he had to truth, in making it. 


To PRESIDENT MoNROE.* 


HERMITAGE, November 14, 1821. 

Dear Sir, Since Closing mine of this days date I have had the pleasure 
to receive your favour of the 14th of September. Doctr Bronaugh who 
will hand you mine of previous date of to day and also this as he goes by 
mail Stage, cannot remain to permit me fully to answer your letter at 
present. I can only observe for the present that I am truly wearied of pub- 
lic life, I want rest and my private concerns imperiously demand my atten- 
tion. It is true my duties have been laborious and my situation exposed 
me to heavy expense which makes it more necessary that I should retire 
to resusitate my declining fortune'to inable it to support me in my declin- 
ing years. Doctr Bronaugh carries to you my resignation which I hope 
you will accept at as an early a period as your Convenience will admit. 
I have just received a letter from Col Walton of the 15th Ulto. which 
informs me all things progress in harmony in Pensacola since the Spanish 
Officers have left there and that the Citizens appear hap[p]y under the 
Government as Organized. .... 


To CapTaAIN RicHARD K. CALL. 


HeErmMitTaGE, November 15, 1821. 
Dear Call. I had the pleasure last evening of receiving your two letters 
of the 14th ult.t nothing can afford Mrs. Jackson and myself more 


4 They are printed in Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 823-826. 

1 Jackson MSS., Letter-Book L, p. 249. Jackson had sent the President his resignation 
as governor of Florida, in a letter of the preceding day, now in the State Dept., Terr. 
Pap., Fla. 

iOne of these two letters, writien from Pensacola, is in the Jackson MSS. It is here 
quoted: “My Dear General: Since fortune has doomed our Seperation permit me to 
offer an acknowledgement of the generous, and disinterested friendship with which you 
have honoured me, and to express that gratitude, which I must ever feel for the many 
favours you have bestowed upon me. At an early period of life it was my happy destiny 

to be placed under your distinguished command. A stranger without experience, and 
without the recommendation of friends or fortune with the generous feelings of a 
Soldier you received me, with the council of friend you directed, and with the care of a 
Parent you watched over me. Believe me Sir this is not the idle effusion of the moment, 
it is not the ordinary expressions of regard I offer you, it is the sincerest tribute of a 
grateful heart. To have followed your fortune through the changes and vicissitudes of 
war, to have been tutered by your councils and honoured with your confidence is the 
proudest and the happyest recollection of my life, and however chance or fortune may 
direct my future destiny be assured my gratitude will only terminate with my existence. 
That your life may be as happy as it has been distinguished and useful is the sincere 


prayer of your Obliged and Sincere friend” 


130 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


pleasure than in hearing from you often, and particularly that you are 
well, and doing well. Your gratitude expressed of my friendship towards 
you, shews the godlike virtue of a heart susceptable of friendship. Be- 
lieve me when I first met with you in the field, your youthfull appearance, 
your manly and soldier like deportment, attracted my attention, and when 
mutiny and. desertion prevaded my camp, when situated in the howling 
wilderness surrounded with the savage yell, it was your soldier like and 
honourable conduct when deserted by your company at this trying moment 
that drew my particular attention to you, to see a gallant youth of 
Eighteen abandoned by his captain and company all retiring from the 
field of Honour, and you left alone, determined to die, rather than tarnish 
your military fame, by retiring from the post of danger in disgrace. From 
that moment my opinion was formed of you and I cherished your Youth- 
full merit for your countries good, and aided in promoting your rank 
as your merit increased, and your Talents were disclosed to me. I regret 
our seperation but I still more regret, that injustice and inatention of the 
executive in not having provided for your agreable to his promise and my 
expectation. But my Dear Call I have been Tossed upon the waves of 
fortune from youth[h]ood, I have experienced prosperity and adversity. 
It was this that gave me a knowledge of human nature, it was this that 
forced into action, all the energies of my mind, and ultimately caused 
me to progress through life as I have done—hence this neglect of the 
Goverment may be of service to you, it has and will bring forth, from 
necessity, the best energies of your mind, and with your application and 
industry, you will, nay, you must succeed. Pe[r]mit me to say to you 
that long experience has made me well acquainted with human nature. It 
is well to study it as you progress through life—you will find many, 
professedly, friends, who by, and from their openness of conduct, and 
specious professions, the inexperienced youth, at once places the utmost 
relience—when in many Instances these professions are made with a view 
to obtain your confidence that it may be betrayed. To guard against such 
impositions there is but one safe rule—have apparent confidence in all, 
but never make a confident of any untill you have proven him worthy of 
it, and altho you may have good cause to know and believe that great 
confidence may be placed in him, never, untill you have well tried him, 
confide to any a secrete that might be injurious to you if publickly known. 
This I have found a safe rule and have practised upon it. 

_ met Miss Mary, on the road between Mr. Lemintons and Magees— 
in company with her [mutilated] uncles and little brother, she is on her 
way to orleans and will sail from thence to Philadelphia with her uncle; 
she will rest at the Natchez untill her uncle passes to the Tash 2 and 
aranges his business on his farm there. On my arival at Judge Overtons 
I wrote you which I hope you will receive, since which I have seen Major 
Eaton, who informs me, he has had a long conversation with miss Mary 
that she still bears you in mind as usual, and from which I have no doubt 


2 Bayou Téche, La. 


November, 1821 131 


were you now to see her, she would marry. Doctor Menairy has written 
you as Iam Told. his Ideas are certainly correct—you and Miss Mary 
ought to forget each other, for ever, or at once marry. your minds must 
ever be on the torture, the conduct of her mother to her as stated, has 
been of the most cruel kind, and if yours and her ultimate object is to 
mary, the sooner the better. you have friends who will aid you, in this 
number include me, and with your own exertions, you have nothing to fear 
as to a support.® 

I am happy to hear that all is tranquil in Pensacola. Callava has sailed 
from Charleston for Cuba. The Eastern climate was too cold for his 
sickly constitution, and it appears he has retired to Cuba for his health. 
so soon as Judge Fromentine is unmasked before the nation, I think he 
will follow—it is this apostate Priest, that has been circulating secretly 
these mutulated details of the circumstances; Having enclosed to the 
President all the documents through the Secretary of State, they will I 
hope be in that way laid before congress, and the nation. Should it not 
appear in this way I will under my own name, should Fromentine be 
nominated to the senate, bring it before the nation, and fairly shew how 
the rights of the people have been triffled with by the appointment of an 
apostate Priest, to execute the laws, and moralise the people. Mrs. 
Jackson Joins me in prayers for your happiness and wellfare, Easter is 
with me and well, Doctor Brunaugh has this morning set out for Wash- 
ington city, Mr. Saml Overton has Just left me, and Lt Donelson Just 
gone on a vissit to his mothers, all these Gentlemen request to be affec- 
tionately presented to you. Have the goodness to present Mr[s]. J. and 
myself to Capt Shields and family, Mr. Garneer and family, Mr. David- 
son and family if still with you, to Mr. Smith and Lady, to Colo. Brook 
and Lady to Lt Lear and his Lady to Mr. and Mrs. Austin, to all our 
French and Spanish friends. 

Mrs. Jackson begs me to remind you of our furniture, to have it for- 
warded to orleans as soon as possible with instructions to Capt Scallen 
to have it forwarded to Nashville by the first Steam Boat—our place looks 
like it had been deserted for a season, But we have a cheirfull fire for our 
friends, and a prospect of living at it for the [mutilated] ballance of our 
lives. I have sent on my resignation by Doctor Brunaugh. I recd. from 
Mr. Monroe last night via Pensacola a letter in which he again presses me 
to continue as Governor, this I will not do. he intimates that Haywood 
may be the Federal Judge. As you know I have no thought of continuing, 
but if I had I should be fearfull of accepting before I saw the Judge to 
whom I was to be associated least another apostate priest should be found. 
These perjured immorral monsters in society I allways did abhor, they 
never have or will be my associates. I will be happy to hear from you 
often. Present us to Cary Nicholas and Tunstall—To all the officers of 
the army, and say to Capt Donoho that his young widow is in waiting 
for him, on this subject I will write him the first Leisure moment. Accept 
assurances of my friendship and Esteem é 


3 Call married Mary Letitia Kirkman. 


132 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


DEPARTMENT OF War, November 16, 1821. 

Sir, I have received your letters of the 17th and 20th September, the 
first containing a copy of an unauthorized talk held with the Indians in 
Florida by a Mr. Dexter and Mr. Wanton, the latter a copy of a talk held 
with them by yourself and of a letter written by you to Genl. McIntosh.* 

The views which you have taken in relation to the Indians generally, 
and particularly of those in Florida, appear very correct. I entirely con- 
cur with you that it is perfectly absurd to hold treaties with those within 
our limits, as they neither are or can be independent of our government. 
This opinion has been frequently communicated to Congress, and altho’ 
they have not yet adopted it, I still hope that they will ultimately.’ By its 
adoption both ours and their interest would be advanced, and all of the 
objections, which may be urged against almost every Indian treaty which 
has been made, be thereby avoided. As it regards the Indians in Florida, 
I can entertain no doubt, but that it would be expedient to remove them 
entirely out of the limits of Florida, for the reasons which you have as- 
signed, and such also is the opinion of the President; but he is of opinion 
that it would be improper for that purpose, without the sanction of Con- 
gress and a special appropriation, to resort to force or to incur any con- 
siderable expenditure. Should there appear to be any prospect at the next 
session to effect so desirable an object, it will be brought before Congress. 
If, however, nothing better can be done than to concentrate them in 
Florida, the point which you propose appears to me to be the most 
elevibletSia7%. 


CoLONEL JAMES GADSDEN TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, November 20, 1821. 

.... The subject of the next President, has as you will perceive been 
agitated in our papers. There never was a period which called for the ex- 
ercise of a sound discretion as to the choice like the present. Crawfords 
friends are intriguing deeply and in some quarters with success. To 
elevate him to the Presidential chair will produce a chain of evils and en- 
tail a series of misfortunes on our country that will require a century to 
remedy. 

Mr Adams’ friends are not so active: and even the quarter from 
whence he should expect support, appear lukewarm. Mr A’s course 
though it has not been such as would meet with an unqualified approba- 
tion has still been such as to render him a decidedly preferable man to the 
former. It is doubtful however whether he can succeed against Mr Craw- 
ford; and should we hazard for him what might prove ruinous, Mr Clin- 
ton stands no chance; excepting his immediate party, he is execrated by 
a large majority of the community. I know not your opinions as to who 
should be the next President: but believe you agree with me as to the 
total unfitness as to certain aspiring personage. If in this case you deem 
me worthy of your confidence will you give me your views on the subject. 


1 John McIntosh of Georgia (1755-1826). 
2 In 1871 Congress enacted that no more treaties should be made with Indian tribes. 


November, 1821 133 


You will appreciate my motives on this request; The good of our coun- 
try requires that all honest men, who are in favour of a settled policy for 
the administration of our government, characterised by honest indepen- 
dence and a freedom from intrigue, should unite in elevating to the Presi- 
dency the man who will be governed accordingly. Mr Crawford is and 
has ever been a most dangerous and unsettled politician. Ever fluctuat- 
ing, like a weathercock; he has been wafted about by every popular wind. 
If he has been steady in any one policy, it is that of a most ruinous char- 
acter. His administration of the Treasury Department speaks most ad- 
monitory lessons. 

I write in haste 
Your friend 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.* 


NASHVILLE, November 22, 1821. 

Sir, I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 
26th of October, with its several inclosures ; and persuant to your request, 
I here with submit to you, the considerations which influenced me, in the 
measures taken in relation to Colonel Don José Callava. 

By the 2nd Article of the Treaty, Spain was bound to deliver over with 
the Territories etc. all archives and documents which relate directly to 
the property and sovreignty of said provinces. And in the language of 
the Treaty “ the said Archives and documents, shall be left, with the com- 
missioners or Officers of the United States, duly authorized to receive 
them ”’. 

On the 17th of July possession was delivered to me, by the Spanish 
Commandant, Don José Callava, of the Provinces Fortifications etc. to- 
gether with what he represented to be, All the Archives and public docu- 
ments, relating to the property, and sovreignty of the soil; and which, by 
the Treaty, he was bound to deliver. 

On the 21st of August, I received a note from the Alcade of the City 
of Pensacola,? in which he states “ I learn from the most satisfactory evi- 
dence, that a number of documents relating to estates in this place; and to 
suits instituted here; are in the possession of an individual of the name 
of Domingo Sousa. These papers properly belong to this Office, but were 
not included in the inventory delivered by the late Governor. Some of the 
circumstances attending the affair are of a peculiar nature, but as the 
necessity for obtaining possession of the documents, is urgent, I must de- 
fer making a report respecting them, to some other period. At present I 
must request your Excellency to authorize some one to make a regular de- 
mand of the said documents, and to ascertain precisely what they are “e 

Upon this information I immediately issued a Commission® to my 
Secretary Colonel George Walton and associated with him Henry M 
Brackenridge and John Miller Esqr., directing them to proceed to the 
house of said Domingo Sousa, and to make a demand of such documents, 
as ought to have been delivered, under the Treaty. 


1 State Dept. 5 
2H. M. Brackenridge; letter in Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., IV. 779. 
3 Ibid., followed by other papers referred to later in this letter. 


134 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The demand being made by the commissioners persuant to their in- 
structions from me, they returned and delivered to me, in answer thereto, 
a letter from the said Domingo Sousa, in which he admits, there are in 
his possession, certain papers Boxed up, which had been delivered to him 
for safe keeping by Colonel Callava. 

The first effort to obtain from Sousa the papers sought for, having 
failed the application and demand was reiterated by the same gentlemen, 
under my order. They say to him “ We do not claim any papers in your 
possession, or that of any other, relating to the Military tribunals or to 
the revenue of the Spanish Government, But we are certain that no indi- 
vidual, no matter what office he may have held under the Spanish Gov- 
ernment, has any right to retain possession of archives and documents 
which relate directly to the sovreignty and property of this province etc. 
and we again make a positive demand of the papers mentioned in our 
note of yesterday, towit, The documents in the case of Don Nicholas 
Maria Vidal, and Eugene Siera, alsa a proceeding against Manuel Bonfay, 
and Carlos de Ville, and the documents in the case of Peter Guilkes and 
Thomas Villa Seca. These papers are known to be in your possession, 
and we demand to know by whose authority, as no person has the right 
to authorize you to detain them.” 

Upon this second demand, the aforesaid commissioners reported to me, 
that Domingo Sousa had exhibited to them, certain Boxes of papers for 
examination, and That among them were the papers before enumerated, 
papers by which the right of individuals (some of whom were orphans) 
to a property of great value in the Floridas, could alone be established ; 
papers which being indispensable to the establishment of right and title 
to property in the Teritory, ought to have been delivered over with the 
Archives and public documents, as by the Treaty Spain had stipulated, 
and the Spanish Commandant was bound to do. Sousa, however, refused 
to deliver them, and returned them to the House and keeping of Colonel 
Callava, from whom he had received them. If the papers related to the 
property and sovreignty of the soil, Colonel Callava had no more right to 
detain them, than had his Subaltern Domingo Sousa. his functions hav- 
ing ceased by the delivery of the province, he stood, in relation to our 
Government, in the same capacity, that any other private individual would 
have done. he owed the same obedience to the laws, and was subject to 
the same punishment for an infraction of them. 

That I have never considered Colonel Callava as clothed with any 
diplomatic powers from the Government of Spain, is, as you have in- 
ferr’d from my letter, most certainly true; because he had not only never 
exhibited to me, any credentials or testimonials creating such powers in 
him, but on the contrary, when I proposed to him a reciprocal exhibition 
of our respective authorities, he waived the ceremony. In a letter to me 
of the roth of June, to which I refer you, he remarks “I repeat the as- 
sureances I have made you in other communications, of my being fur- 
nished with orders, under the same treaty, to evacuate this province, and 
give possession of it to the commissioners or Officers of the United States 
lawfully authorised to receive it. “ Your Excellency expresses also a wish 
that I would concurr in fixing a day, as early as possible, and to suit the 


November, 1821 135 


mutual convenience of both parties, for an interview and exhibition of 
our credentials. In reply I have the honor to acquaint your Excellency, 
That in your quality of Commissioner, you may when it suits your 
pleasure, and in the manner you may deem most expedient, exhibit your 
credentials, to me as the existing commandant of the province. and I have 
already told your excellency that I am authorized to enter into arrange- 
ments for its being evacuated by his Catholic Majestys Troops and de- 
livered to your Excellency agreeably to the stipulations by our respective 
Governments. 

From the foregoing extract, you will be convinced, I never could have 
considered Colonel Callava as possessing any powers, in regard to the 
Treaty, but such as he derived from the Captain General of the Island of 
Cuba, and by virtue of his Office of Governor of West Florida, nor can 
you fail to draw the conclusion, that Colonel Callava did not consider 
himself, competent to the exercise of any other powers, duties or privi- 
leges, under the Treaty; than those enumerated in his letter to me, towit, 
the evacuation of the province and the surrender of it to the American 
Authorities, and even these he did not claim to exercise as C’ ommissioner, 
but says “ you, may exhibit your credentials to me, as the existing com- 
mandant of this province” in which capacity “I am authorized to enter 
into arrangements for its being evacuated by his Catholic Majestys 
Troops, and surrendered agreeably to the stipulations of the Treaty ”’. 
It had been reported to me by Colonel Forbes the American Agent 
Charged with the delivery of the Royal Order to the Captain General of 
Cuba, that he had arrived at Pensacola, on the 9th of June, accompanied 
by Don Alva The Spanish commissioner for delivering the provinces of 
Fast and West Florida to the American authorities appointed to receive 
them; This information I communicated to Colonel Callava; and for the 
considerations growing out of it, I proposed to him, as I have before 
stated to you, a reciprocal exhibition and recognition of our respective 
Credentials; This he declined as you have seen. I then plainly foresaw 
that he wished to draw me into a delay of the time, for the delivery of 
the Country; for if I had refused to recognize him as the Agent, author- 
ized by the Captain General of Cuba, to make the transfer; I must either 
have submited to a tedious, embarrassing and injurious procrastination 
of the surrender of the provinces to the United States, or have been driven 
to the necessity of takeing it by force. And as there was no express stipu- 
lation for a formal delivery, I deemd it better to receive the Teritories, 
of him as the Agent of Spain, acting under Orders, which he professd 
to have received, than to submit, either to the delay, which must other- 
wise have ensued, or to resort to force, to obtain that for my Government, 
~ which Spain was bound by all good faith, under an existing Treaty to put 
into its possession, amicably and without delay. Having viewd Colonel 
Callava, then, merely as an Agent, invested with no other powers than a 
surrender of the Province, and a withdrawal of the Spanish Forces; I 
regarded him, in the consummation of these duties, as entitled to all the 
privileges and immunities, guaranteed to such Agents, by the laws of 
Nations, But, Sir the moment the surrender was made, and the soil and 


136 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


sovreignty of the Teritories became vested in the United States, my du- 
ties as Commissioner ceased, and my functions as Governor commenced ; 
he too, having accomplished all that had been assigned him to do, was 
bound by the express stipulations of the Treaty, to have with drawn him- 
self from the ceeded provinc[e]. neglecting so to do, no other privileges 
could appertain to him, than such as attach to every individual. 

The faith of Treaties, says Vattel is holy and sacred between nations 
whose safety and repose it secures, and he who violates it, at the same 
time violates, the laws of Nations. and if the people are true to Them- 
selves, infamy will ever be the fate of him, who violates his faith. By the 
and Article of the Treaty, which I have before quoted, all Archives and 
documents relating to the property and sovreignty of the Country ceeded ; 
was to have been delivered with the Teritories. I would ask then, were 
not the papers which were secreted and attempted to be carried away, 
(and which were the cause of his imprisonment) of the de[s]cription 
contemplated and expresly provide[d] by the Treaty, to have been de- 
livered? did they not appertain to the private property of the ceeded 
Country? Were they not in Themselves private property? If so, was not 
the attempt to carry them away, not only a flagrant violation of the 
Treaty, but a larceny upon the individuals, whose property they were and 
from whom he was clandestinly takeing and carrying them off? And sir, 
as a proof that the papers were of the description contemplated by the 
Treaty to be left in the Province, and that Colonel Callava intended to 
carry them out of the country, permit me here, to make an extract from 
the deposition of Merced Vidal Palao, taken before Henry M. Bracken- 
ridge Esqr. Alcade of the City of Pensacola. She testifyed ‘“‘ That her 
Father Nicholas Maria Vidal left her by his will one of his heirs, and 
that he died about the year 1806 possessd of a large real and personal 
estate. That the will of her Father with the inventories of his real and 
personal estate, had been for several years missing from the public Ar- 
chives of Pensacola, having been by some person unknown, withdrawn 
from the same. That repeated applications were made by her to the au- 
thorities then existing there, to compell the restoration of the said papers 
and documents, as they were and still are necessary to enable her to prose- 
cute her said claim under the said will”. That the said papers were finally 
restored under a decree. “ The deponant further states, that a few days 
before the change of Governments she demanded them of Colonel Callava, 
who informed her that he could not give them up as he was oblieged to 
take them to the Havana. The deponant further states that said papers 
relate to property in this country and in Louisania.” 

__In as much as treaties contain promises that are perfect and reciprocal, 
if one of the contracting parties fail in his engagements, the other may 
Constrain him to fulfill them. If this is a clear principle of National law, 
the right to imprison the Spanish Agent would not be in the least af- 
fected by the termination or continuation, of his immunities as agent, nor 
will the right of the united states to compell Spain to a faithful execu- 
tion of the Treaty be disputed; if then Spain was liable so to be coerced, 
how much more is he, subject to such compulsion, who is merely her 


November, 1821 137 


Agent; an agent too, in whom, we are bound to believe, she reposed the 
most implicit confidence ; one to whom she had entrusted, and from whom 
she expected a faithful and honorable discharge of the high obligations she 
had assum’d with the United States. 

I have thus sir gone through the principal considerations which gov- 
erned me in the imprisonment of Col. Callava, and have added a few of 
the facts that made this course indispensable—from all of which you will 
perceive that in all my intercourse with him, I have viewed him in no 
other, nor could I view him in any other light than that of Military Agent 
of Spain appointed by the captain General of Cuba to deliver over the 
province and all things appertaining thereto, specifyed by the Treaty to 
be delivered: which:duty being compl[e]te his immunities of exemption 
from the ordinary process of law immediately ceased. Admiting that he 
had received any diplomatic powers from his Government, his obstinate 
refusal to exhibit them, precluded me from the possibility of appreciat- 
ing them; letters of Credence are the instruments which authorize and 
establish a minister in his character, and whether he be considered as 
minister or agent, he could only be received in the quality attributed to 
him in his credentials, But says Vattel, “a more particular protection is 
due to agents than to other foreigners or citizens, and some regard in con- 
sideration of the prince whom they serve”. This regard was most punc- 
tiliously observed towards Colo. Callava until the termination of his im- 
munities as Agent, After which, in his private capacity, he violated the 
Treaty, the laws of Nations, and the sacred privileges and rights of indi- 
viduals entitled to the protection of the United States, and over whom I 
had been placed to administer the laws, to whom, to secure justice, it had 
now become indispensably necessary to punish him for his perfidiousness 
and for his contempt of my Judicial authority. 

The time limited by the Treaty for the delivery of the country, and the 
withdrawal of the Spanish Officers and Troops had expired, and his pre- 
tence That he remained to await the decission of the two Governments in 
relation to the Artillery, is a vile subterfuge which claims no consideration 
or remark. His being permited to remain was a mere act of courtesy ex- 
tended to him, as a Military Officer of the Spanish Government. 

In my letter to you of the 26th of August,‘ I remark Colonel Callavas 
powers having ceased here, with the surrender of the country; it was 
only a display and so considered by me, of pompous arrogance and ig- 
norance, in his claiming the privileges of diplomacy which in fact he 
never possess’d, and his power having ceased, his commission accom- 
plished, the pretence which he sat up was an insult to the meanest under- 
standing. Having as I hope explained to your satisfaction that at the time 
of Colonel Callavas imprisonment, he could claim no exemption from 
civil process, by virtue of any commission he then held under the Spanish 
Government, and believeing too that I have clearly explained and proved 
to you that he never did exhibit any credentials, which alone could have 
entitled him to the privileges and immunities of Commissioner, I shall 
proceed to explain some other points, to which you have directed my at- 


4 Pp. 112-116, ante. 


138 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


tention. It is alledged by Colonel Callava, as well as by Mr. Salmon,® 
That it was necessary Colo Callava should continue in Pensacola, be- 
cause the cannon belonging to the Fortifications, was reserved for future 
negotiation between the two Governments, and that in the mean time they 
were kept under his, Colonel Callavas care. I would ask you sir how could 
colonel Callava exercise any care or keeping over Them. They had 
formally been delivered over to and receipted for by me, and the Govern- 
ment of the United States made responsible to the Spanish Government 
for all that had been delivered to await their respective decission. Mr. Sal- 
mon as well as Colo Callava has asserted, what in this respect is not the 
fact. The language of Mr. Salmon Throughout, is exceptionable and in- 
solent, but he claims this privilege on this occasion, because “ His Catho- 
lic Majesty had determined to give a new pledge, among many others, of 
his particular regard for the interests of the United States, in the per- 
mission which he has granted them of keeping in Mahon a deposit of pro- 
visions and Naval Stores which they may introduce free of duties”. 
Then according to Mr. Salmons rule of estimating favours, because His 
Catholic Majesty has granted this permission to the United States, of in- 
troducing provisions and Naval Stores in to Mahon free of duties the 
United States ought on her part to have permited His Catholic Majestys 
Officers, to have transported from without the United States, any ar- 
chives and documents which they might have chosen to secrete, free of 
molestation. 

The allegation that I had nineteen days before his imprisonment, writ- 
ten him a letter acknowledging his Commissaral character, is unfounded, 
and cannot be sustained by any proofs he can adduce. I did write him a 
letter on the 3rd of August remonstrating against his conduct in with- 
holding a receipt, which he had previously solemnly stipulated to give, 
and which according to his arrangement with me, was to have been given 
on the 17th of July, the day on which the province was surrendered to the 
United States. In consideration of his leaving the Ordnance in the For- 
tifications, I agreed to supply and did supply His Catholic Majestys troops 
with provisions to subsist them to the Havana, and furnished transpor- 
tation for their civil officers families and servants, and for the families 
and servants of the military Officers, all which was not stipulated to be 
furnished by the Treaty; but for which we were to pass mutual receipts 
and leave them for future settlement of our respective Governments. 
These receipts were to have been reciprocally interchanged on the 17th of 
July, as above, but on that day he plead indisposition and on his sacred 
pledge of honor I indulged him until that indisposition should be removed 

I repeatedly calld on him through Majr. Stanton of the United States 
Army for a fulfillment of his agreement, (having on my part receipted 
for the Cannon on the 17th of July). I now Ordered Doctor Bronaugh 
to accompany Majr Stanton and demand the receipt, and directed them to 
inform him distinctly, if he did not then comply, I would report the same 
to my Government and that the receipt I had given him for the Ordnance 


5 Francisco Hilario Rivas y Salmon, chargé d’affaires for Spain throughout the month 
of October, 1821. 


December, 1821 139 


should be considered null and void, in as much as the condition upon which 
it was given had failed by his refusal to receipt to me for the provisions 
and Transportation furnished by the United States. 

I complained to him in this letter of the 3rd of August of his signal 
breach of faith “in thus evading on the plea of indisposition the per- 
formance of a stipulated promise which was to have been consummated 
on the 17th of July before the surrender ”, but which he afterwards re- 
fused to fulfill at all. I expostulated with him for his infidelity in thus 
violating his pledge of honor, wantonly and corruptly; in first failing 
and afterwards refusing to perform that which he was bound in honor and 
by the most sacred agreement, to have performed, but which he was per- 
mited to delay until bis alledged ill health should be restored. 

You will therefore clearly perceive, Sir, that this letter merely referrs 
to what was agreed to have been done on the morning of the 17th of 
July whilst his official capacity as Agent aforesaid existed and not to 
any thing which occurred after that day. 

It is alledged that I did not call Officially upon Colonel Callava to 
deliver the papers. to this I would reply that our Official correspondence 
had of necessity ceased by the termination of his powers as Agent, and 
by the expiration of' the time limited by the Treaty for the delivery of 
the Country. Sitting as the representative of my Government, in my 
Judicial capacity, administering laws that know no distinction between 
the rich and poor the great and ignoble, I could not extend to him any 
privileges or indulgence, which the laws did not guarantee nor could I 
debase my representative character or the majesty of these laws by such 
a condecinsion, to gratify the vanity of a Spaniard charged with being 
engaged in a fraud upon the rights and property of individuals living 
within the immediate limits of my Jurisdiction. 

The misinterpretation of which he complains will be explained by the 
documents submited to you, to be falsehood invented and propagated by 
himself, indeed his protest Throughout is a tissue of wilfull and corrupt 
misrepresentations and falsehoods; and being sworn to, are absolute 
and premeditated perjuries, of which I feel no hesitation in believing, 
you will be thoroughly convinced, by a perusal of the evidence already 
forwarded to you, and of that which accompanies this communication. 

In conclusion permit me to request you sir, to call on Mr. Salmon for 
the originals of his faithful documents. if they appear in the form of 
affidavits sworn to, they are forgeries or John Inerarity° has perjured 
himself, as you will see from his deposition which I have forwarded 
to you and to which I would on this point particularly refer you. 

With Sentiments of Sincere regard and esteem, 


To CoLoNEL JAMES GADSDEN. 


HERMITAGE, December 6, 1821. 
D’r Gadsden. your congratulatory letter of the 2oth ult is Just to 
hand, and from my own fire side I have the pleasure to respond to it. 


6 John Innerarity, a “Spanish gentleman of Pensacola”, a member of the house of 
John Forbes and Co., and of the cabildo of Pensacola, was the defendant to the suit 
brought by Maria Vidal, from which the conflict with Callava and Fromentin arose. 


140 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I had confidence in the good sense of the honest part of the community, 
that my proceedings in the case of Callava (which has given so much 
scope for invective against me, by these restless and unprincipled Editors) 
would be fully approved by the nation as soon as it was fully disclosed 
to the public. as I before have stated to you, I proceeded in the case 
aluded to, with a firm but cautious step. the more I review the case the 
better I am pleased with myself, and altho 1 am free to admit, that the 
approbation of the nation would be gratifying to me, yet would I not 
change the proceedings if to be acted over again to obtain it—my consci- 
ence on this subject is perfectly at rest. 

I have not seen the advocate of N. Y.1 But it is the most ludicrous 
Idea immaginable that he insinuates and intimates. I have never seen 
Govr. Clinton. I have never recd. but two introductory letters from him, 
he has never wrote me upon any subject unless that of introducing his 
friends to me, nor have I ever wrote him but in return and on the subject 
of his friend, so introduced, and as my recollection at present serves me 
not more than twice, and then only acknowledging the receipt of his 
letters, and informing him that there were no offices within my gift that 
I could besto upon his friend. never did Mr. Clinton in his life intimate 
to me the subject of the presidential election, either by writing, or by 
verbal communication, nor never has it been heard from my lips the’ I 
would support him as such. Therefore on this score Mr. Crawford < ad 
his friends may have no fear—nor need they expect any other than 
Mr. Adams to be supported in this state unless some Southern candidcte 
should arise, and I am certain no man in the South could concentrate 
the votes of the south and west but Mr. Calhoun, and you are at liberty to 
say in my name both to my friends and enemies, that I will as far as 
my influence extends support Mr. Adams unless Mr. Calhoun should be 
brought forward—and that I have no doubt but Mr. Adams will out pole 
Mr. Crawford in the south and west, should these two run alone. 

I think highly of Mr. Clintons talents and of his great exertions to 
promote the interest of his state, but his popularity from some cause has 
greatly declined in the west and if he was to offer could not be elected. you 
know my private opinion of Mr. Adams Talents, virtue, and integrity, 
and I am free to declare that I have never changed this opinion of Mr. 
Adams since it was first formed, I think him a man of the first rate 
mind of any in america as a civilian and scholar, and I have never doubted 
of his attachment to our republican Goverment. you may therefore in- 
form the advocate or his friends that (as usual) he is again wrong in his 
discoveries, and that I never have nor never will form a combination with 
any man or set of men, to carry any thing into effect, that I have an 
opinion of my own on all subjects, and when that opinion is formed I 
persue it, publickly, regardless of who goes with me, that in all things 
as far as I have control I please myself by doing that which I believe to 
be right, and this rule I will strictly follow in my cho[i]ce for the next 


s gg S$ y y ni g ing th 


December, 1821 141 


president. and my dear Sir I feel greatly indebted to you for your 
friendly, defence of my reputation. That man is not on earth, that can 
with truth say I ever was engaged in a political combination of any kind, 
or for any purpose. Therefore the advocate and his friends has stated 
what is not true. present me to Brunaugh and all friends. Mrs. J Joins 
me in good wishes 


P.S. as to Wm. H Crawford you know my opinion I would support 
the Devil first. 


Joun H. Eaton To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, December 30, 1821. 

D’r Genl, I have so much business on hand arising out of our Commit- 
tees, and various letters to reply to that I am afraid my friends will find 
in me a bad correspondent. It is no easy matter either to make out a 
letter in hurried moments, where there is nothing to write about; and this 
has been and yet is my situation. Out of Congress nothing grows of 
moment or interest: they have done nothing and it is difficult to say 
whether any thing is to be done, or indeed can be done while all is 
manouver after the Presidential chair. Already are three (as a sportsman 
would say) on the turf, ready for entrance as their keepers may pro- 
nounce them passed of sufficient fleetness and bottom: they are all from 
the Cabinet. Not at all privy to any passing intrigue, I can hasard scarcely 
an opinion of what the result here may be. 

That Congress will caucus and make a nomination I have no doubt, 
judging from present appear[an]ces; but who ’twill be is a matter quite 
uncertain. This winter and the next will be mere feeling, and attempts 
to impress thro the members of Congress the public mind in some way. 
That Mr. Adams is greatly weakened in the number of his frends I 
have little doubt: his strength is not what it was the last and the previ- 
ous winter: It is urged that the Eastern federal party, apart from 
sectional considerations will not support him, while the republicans of the 
old school are wavering, hesitating and whispering a want of confidence 
in the family of the Braintree’s. Crawford is and has for two winters 
been declining. his frends tho are playing him off with all necessary 
and due diligence, while he is laboring in the vineyard, and seeking to 
impress the public mind with the prosperous state of his Department, 
and that in the finance department all is well. 

Notwithstanding our flattering acc’s it will be questionable if we go 
hence without a loan; every attempt tho will be made to play off this 
matter with great dexterity and to sustain the credit of the Treasy. Dept. 
The member from Missi. (Rankin) has called for information as to 
what is meant by unavailable funds (western uncurrent money) and how 
and when it was obtained? I have little doubt but that a good deal of 
our funds more than is looked for is dormant under this head, too dor- 
mant to enter into the current expences of the year. Calhoun is also on the 
Presidential Carpet and moving on with goodly prospects: report here 


1 Dec. 28. Annals of Congress, 17 Cong., 1 sess., I. 594. 


142 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


is that the Pensyla. members will all support him. Upon the whole the 
Cabinet counsel have opened a vigorous campaign, and many a fine turkey, 
Duck etc. will fall victims in the conflict. I assure you upon this subject 
we have every prospect of a busy session. Ap 

Nothing is spoken of now about Calava, all noise and opposition upon 
this subject, seems to have died away; if any assault is meditated a few 
days more will I suppose shew it..... 


To CoLONEL Epwarp G. W. BuTLER.* 


[HermitacE], January 8, 1822. 

.... It has been with the greatest pleasure, my young friend, that 
I have tendered you that advice and counsel which my experience has 
enabled me to give, and especially when I have believed that I could con- 
tribute to your future welfare by impressing upon your mind the impor- 
tance of morality, and by directing your attention to such objects as were 
most likely to eventuate in your permanent interest. I have done so with 
the greatest cheerfulness and an eye single to your good. I trust, then, 
that you will view me when opposing your determination to join the 
Russian service andj abandon that of your country, as influenced by no 
sinister motive, but as alive only to those prospects which may determine 
your reputation and the character to which you may attain as a soldier 
and a citizen. 

You say that you have spent the best of your life in a profession which 
offers no inducements in your country. Let me ask what is it in the 
profession of arms in your country that is inconsistent with the character 
which awaits an officer devoted to its service—prepared by science for 
distinction in that service, and competent to [tllegible] or share in its 
battles and dangers? What is it in the character of your country that is 
unworthy of your efforts to sustain it? What in its national feeling that 
cannot claim your participation? Where is the country, besides your own, 
whose glory is the protection of liberty and those equal rights which have 
long since been lost in the despotism and corruption of every European 
government? Where is that love of country which, living even with the 
chained and shackled peasantry of a monarch, despises all control? And 
would you renounce this sacred tie for the glory to be won in the uncertain 
career of a foreign emperor? Can you sacrifice the feelings which should 
characterize an American officer to the illusions which support royalty and 
conceal its corruption? I hope you could not. There are many objections, 
Edward, to your adopting the course which you have named, but which 
I shall not mention, believing that you will unhesitatingly abandon a 


_1 This letter is taken from a pamphlet published in 1857 by Charles Gayarré wi 

title, A Sketch of General Jackson by Himself. The i Bt Be is unlike ier oat 

in view of Gayarré’s admitted habit of presenting “ historical truth set in a gilded frame’ 

(Bassett, Middle Group of American Historians, p. 52), we may conclude that Jackson’s 

writing has been liberally improved. The sentiments are probably slightly changed. 
Gayarré took the letter from several written by Jackson to his ward, Col. Edward G. W. 

Butler, who in 1857 was living in Louisiana. He became a cadet in 1816, reached the rank 

of pet ae e 1823, Le resigned wie er) aes in 1831, after serving several years 

as aid to General Gaines. Gayarré’s pamphlet of 1857 was liberally reprinted i 

Review (1857), XXII. 549-553. See also ibid., XXIII. 94-08, eee Papen ae Saas * 


January, 1822 143 


scheme which you have formed without reflection. It is true that the blind 
policy of the last Congress has limited the prospects of reputation and 
distinction in our army, but things will not always be as they are. The 
policy must change; and, independent of this, what greater incentive do 
you want than the persuasion that by improving the advantages which 
you now possess, you will be prepared to enter with distinction into the 
service of your country, when it shall need and shall ask for your ser- 
vice and talents. Continue your studies, and your proficiency shall be 
rewarded. Be industrious and you will not feel the miseries of idleness. 


To PRESIDENT Monroe.’ 


NASHVILLE, January 22, 1822. 

Sir, I have this moment seen the national Intelligencer of the 2nd of 
this Instant, where it appears, that a call has been made by the house on 
you for all information relative to the proceedings against Colo. Callava, 
and all information relative to the dispute between Judge Fromentine 
and myself. I hope and trust sir every communication between Fromen- 
tine and me and every proof accompanying them may be laid before the 
house and every document relating to the case of Colo. Callava and all 
communications thereon, and as I have seen it announced that my resigna- 
tion has been accepted of, and I am still without any information from 
you or the sec of state, upon this subject, the mover of this resolution 
has declared that he has brought it forward with the avowed intention of 
moveing an impeachment against me. I have to request, and do request 
that my resignation may not be accepted, untill after a full and final 
investigation into my whole conduct as Gov. of the Floridas, and untill 
after I am advised of the result, as Justice to myself and country, may 
make it necessary that I may have it in my power before I resign, to 
make an application to Congress. I have to request that on the receipt 
of this you will make it known to Congress that my resignation has not 
been accepted of, and at my request will not be, untill a full investigation 
into my whole conduct as Gov of the Floridas has gone through and 
every officer of the Floridas. I have the honour to be Sir 


To SECRETARY ADAMS." 


HERMITAGE, January 31, 1822. 

D’r Sir, Inclosed I send you an extract of a letter from Colo. George 
Walton sect. of west Florida, and charged with exercising the powers 
of Governor of the same in my absence, with its inclosure. Having recd. 
from the President of the United States, his letter bearing date the 
31rst of December last, post marked at the city of Washington the 9th 
Instant, notifying me that my resignation was accepted, forecloses me 
from giving to Colo. Walton any instructions, officially, and have thought 
proper to refer him to the President for directions as to the proper 


1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. On the same day Jackson wrote Adams a long letter in 
reply to complaints by the Spanish minister referring to Jackson’s seizure of official papers 
in Florida. See Am. St. Pap., For. Rel., 1V. 793-796. 

1 State Dept., Terr. Pap., Fla. 


12 


144 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


course to be pursued with regard to those spanish officers. Colo. Coulon is 
fatherinlaw to John Innerarity, Guilemand is a verry base and Treacher- 
ous man, being the same who pilotted the British Troops up the Byou 
Beavenue-in the year 1815? (then an officer of Spain) when the attempt 
was made upon Neworleans by Genl Packinham.* 

I also inclose herewith (marked no 2) for the information of the 
President of the u states, the certificate of mr Henry wilson, a man of 
respectability, that goes to shew the fraudulent practices committed, and 
committing by the officers of spain, with regard to land titles in the 
Floridas, and forcibly adds to the propriety of adopting the. rule I have 
here tofore recommended, of appointing none to the office of commis- 
sioners for the adjudication of land titles in Florida, but those of honesty 
integrity, and entirely disinterested. should this rule not be adopted, great 
frauds will be imposed upon the united states. 

My resignation having been accepted, I am very anxious to have my 
accounts closed in your Department, with instructions to pay over the 
public funds remaining in my hands, and instructed to what date my 
account for stationary and post office account should be made up to, and 
what directions I am to give to the public communications I may receive 
from the Floridas, from Colo. Walton and mr Worthington. 

The Public funds in my hands are mostly in the neworleans Bank, in 
deposit—the ballance in the Branch Bank of the state of Tennessee at 
Nashville, in neworleans notes, a special Deposit, all which are available 
to the Goverment, and which I am anxious to receive instructions to pay 
over. 

Before I close this letter, permit me sir through you to say to the 
President of the united states, that Colo. Waltons conduct as sec of 
west Florida, and exercising the powers of Governor of the same in my 
absence has met and received my approbation, and having removed his 
family there at great expence, relying on a continuance of that office, and 
filling the same, would be a great injury to him, should he be disappointed 
in continuing in that office. I have only to remark, that the expence of 
moving his family has been heavy, and his pecuniary means very much 
straitened, I have therefore to add my solicitations that he be continued. 

with sentiments of great respect and personal regard, 


. ‘ ‘ = ; 
Bee during the night of Dec. 22, 1814, that the British were piloted up Bayou 
8 In the letter from Colonel Walton here mentioned, Jan. 7, 1822, i ing i 

mation about Coulon (Marcos de Villiers, ramen pee tenes rs Bn Le 
Arnaldo Guillemard. “A few days ago two of the spanish officers Colo Marcos de 
Villiers generally called Colo. Coulon, and arnoldo Guilmand, arrived here in a Vessel 
from Havanna. It was at first intimated to me that they had resigned their commissions 
in the spanish service; but when arrested by my order and brought before me, the 

declared they had come with the intention of asking permission to attend in person i 
the settlement of their private affairs, and the removal of their families: they solemn! 

declared they had not returned in defience of the proclamation which they had prom tly 
obayed, and that they are ready to submit themselves to any order which should be ce 
in their case. For the present I ordered them into confinement, but the callaboze being in 
no condition to receive them, for, excepting the officers room it has no fire place and as 
Coulon is a very old man, and his wife at this time extremely ill, I thought it’ best to 
confine them in their own houses. The situation of old Coulon was such that it would have 
been cruel to confine him in the dungeon with the common malefactor, and I could not 
with propriety make a distinction with respect to Guilmand—they then presented th 

inclosed memorial in which they threw themselves on the mercy of the Goverment.” : 


February, 1822 145 


To THOMAS JEFFERSON.* 


HERMITAGE, February 6, 1822. 
D’r Sir. While Doctr. Thos. G. Watkins resided in this state, there 
was a considerable differenece between him and myself—which I am 
informed has operated much to the Docts prejudice. 

_ He called on me yesterday at my house for the purpose of reconcillia- 
tion. He made such explanations as has induced me to restore him to 
the standing he occupied in my estimation before the unpleasant difference 
took place. At his request it affords me pleasure to make this communi- 
cation. I am happy to learn from the Doctr that you continue to enjoy 
good health in your old age. 

That your health and life may long be preserved for the benefit of 
society and the litterary world is the fervent wish of your friend and obt. 
sert 


Dr. JAMES C. BRONAUGH TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 8, 1822. 

My D’r Sir, I wrote you a hasty letter yesterday immediately after 
waiting upon the President. To day I learn he will have a cabinet council 
upon the subject mentioned in your letter. what the result will be is 
uncertain and I think not materially important, as you are willing whether 
your resignation is accepted or not, to answer generally to any articles of 
impeachment which may be prefered against you. The Speaker has recd. 
your letter, but has not yet laid it before the House and will wait the 
decision of the President. When all the documents come out the subject 
will be so clear, that I doubt much whether any thing will be attempted 
by those who made the move, for they are I believe completely sick of the 
subject and regret that they have by the publication of the documents 
placed you upon such high ground before the public. 


1 Copy. 

2 Jackson wrote this letter at the request of John Somerville, of Nashville, who in- 
formed him, Feb. 4, 1822, that Dr. Watkins’s enemies had revived an old story, to the 
doctor’s prejudice, with respect to Mrs. Polly Davis’s will, and appealed to him to grant 
an interview to Dr. Watkins so as to give him an opportunity to re-establish himself 
in his, Jackson’s, good opinion. Somerville, who admitted that he was once an enemy of 
Dr. Watkins, concluded his letter as follows: 

“ He now resides near Mr. Jefferson, whose family Physician he is when at home, and 
where your name will do him either much good or much harm. There his enemies have 
against set the story of Mrs. Davis’s Will in agitation against him for the purpose, 
no doubt, of distroying his popularity as a Physician of the first grade of talents. Allow 
me then, to solicit you most earnestly to save a worthy and deserving man, who has been 
most falsely traduced, by giving him the hand of friendship and of reconciliation with such 
letters to your friends Mr. Jefferson and Mr Madison as your feelings will dictate as 
proper on the occasion. As I have the strongest reasons to belife]ve that this reconcilia- 

tion is not sought through motives of pecuniary interest in his profession, I can assure 

you that it is desired to give peace to his wounded feelings and increase his pleasure 
in life by being restored to the good opinion of one whose estimation he has ever valued 
very highly and whose public services had endeared him to the hearts and warmest 
affections of the American People.” \ 

Jefferson’s opinions of Jackson’s fitness for the Presidency are usually pronounced un- 
favorable, and the evidence cited is a_statement of Webster’s (see Webster's Corre- 
spondence, I. 371). But, Nov. 2, 1827, Dr. Thomas G. Watkins wrote to a Washington 
editor, probably Duff Green, saying that, in a communication, which he was about to 
publish in the Knoxville Register, he had summed up what he had often heard Jefferson 
say of Jackson, Adams, and Clay, and Jefferson’s opinion of Jackson was high. 


146 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Those who before en[ter]tained a friendly feeling towards you, from 
a thorough conviction of the pureness of the motives from which you 
acted, but considered that some of your proceedings in Florida were rather 
of too violent a character, have since the publication of the first part 
of the documents expressed the most decided approbation of your conduct 
and declare that you are the most astonishing man that the nation has 
ever produced—that you always act correctly let the situation in which 
you are placed be ever so difficult. Your friends are devoted—your 
enemies alarmed at your popularity and standing with the nation—they 
tremble when they see that they can not bear themselves out, with all 
their ingenuity, in the measures which their feelings would induce them 
[to] pursue towards you. Whitman and Archer * are the only members 
that have taken a decided stand against you and the latter is cooling off. 
Williams, Cannon and Cocke are affraid to express any opinion against 
you, and report says, will vote in your favor should any resolution be 
offered censuring your conduct. Indeed no man in Congress who is not 
completely under the influence of W. H. Crawford will be against you. 
Whitman is his devoted friend and has been exerting all his influence in 
the State of Maine for the last two years in his favor—he is the violent 
enemy of Adams—was a Federalist of the Boston stamp—was most 
violently opposed to the War and altho’ not a member of the Hartford 
convention, yet was its warm supporter. 

At the course taken by Archer, I have been astonished. he and myself 
were formerly extremely intimate and I had always considered him a high 
minded honorable man, we have had some warm discussions on the 
Florida transactions and he has cooled down much since his arrival here. 
He declares that he is perfectly satisfied that you acted from the most 
pure and patriotic motives, but considers that in your imprisonment of 
Callava and banishment of the Spanish Officers you violated not only the 
law of nations but the constitution of the U. States. At first he was most 
violent in relation to your treatment of the Judge, but has now abandoned 
that ground and says that he is a contemptible scoundrel and had no right 
to issue the writ of H. Corpus. He pretends not to have a very high 
opinion of the Secy. of the Treasury but prefers him to the others named 
for the Presidency. He and Scott were class mates * and are upon the 
most intimate terms, which may have had some influence upon him. But 


1 Ezekiel Whitman, of Maine, member of the House 1809-1811, 1817-1822, and William 
S. Archer, of Virginia, member of the House 1820-1835, and of the Senate 1841-1847. On 
Dec. II, 1821, Whitman moved a resolution calling on the President for information about 
Jackson’s relations with Callava and with Fromentin while governor of Florida. The 
resolution was adopted and Monroe complied in a message, with documents, Jan. 28, 1822. 
Although Whitman made two efforts to get the subject ventilated in Congress, the House 
denied him each time, and he had to be content with an order to have the message of 
Jan. 28, 1822, and its documents, printed. See Annals of Congress, 17 Cong., 1 sess., 
I. 534, 558, 559, 610, 620, 826, 827, 828, 1157, 1164. See also ibid., II. 2295-2569; also, the 
documents, in Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 799-913.. Archer supported the resolution (Annals, 
tbid., I. 644) and later, Mar. 5, introduced in the House resolutions condemning the 
President and Jackson in connection with recent Florida affairs. Before Archer could 
air his views the House cut off his remarks by refusing to consider his resolutions. 
Annals of Cong., 17 Cong., I sess., I. 1195, 1196. 

? Gen. Winfield Scott; classmates at the College of William and Mary. 


February, 1822 147 


the two Gentlemen in his District to whom he probably owes his seat in 
Congress and who have always been his warmest supporters are Dr. 
Archer and Judge Randolph who are great admirers of you and are as 
much devoted to you as any men in Virginia. I am therefore at a loss to 
account for his opposition unless from Crawford influence. 

I enclose you Crawfords report in relation to the examination of Land 
Offices etc. made in obedience to Cooks resolution.* It is a strange produc- 
tion and is made out in the true diplomatic style. It does not contain the 
information called for and leaves it doubtful whether Mr. Senator Thomas 
recd. pay or not. The fact however is that he recd. six dollars per day 
and I believe from the time he left this until his return. Cook has offered 
another resolution on the subject which will bring out the facts. His 
friends are much alarmed and attacked Cook most violently in the discus- 
sion upon the subject, but he sustained himself well, and the resolution 
passed almost unanimously. Cook deserves great credit I think for the 
course which he has taken in this business—he possesses fine talents and is 
determined to probe it to the quick. He is Son-in-law to Governor Ed- 
wards,* and your warm friend. 

All your acts in relation to the organization of the Government in 
Florida I understand have been approved by the President and the Scy. 
of State has written you to that effect. After the receipt of your letter yes- 
terday I called at his house, but he was out. That Mr. Adams en[ter]tains 
the most friendly feeling towards you, I have no doubt and that he 
will defend you to the best of his ability I am perfectly satisfied—the more 
I know of him the more I am satisfied of his perfect sincerity and his 
devotion to the best interests of his Country. I know no man in the nation 
so well qualified as he is for the station which he fills. I regret that it 
is not in my power to give sc flattering a picture of the President. the 
more I know of him, the more I am satisfied of his duplicity and his in- 
competency to fill the Office which he holds—the day is not distant when 
he will be universally despised by the american people or I am a false 
prophets. ys: 

The organization of the Army is making great noise here.* I am fear- 
ful that cur friend Gadsden will be placed in an unpleasant situation— 
the military committee now have it under consideration. Mr. Calhoun has 


3 Jan. 3, 1822, Daniel P. Cook, M. C. from Illinois 1819-1835, introduced a resolution 
calling upon the Secretary of the Treasury for information as to persons employed and 
expense incurred in examining land offices, his suspicion being that needless sums had 
been paid, especially to Senator Jesse B. Thomas of Illinois. Crawford’s report is in 
Am. St. Pap., Public Lands, III. 511-514. 

4 Ninian Edwards of Illinois. Pa 

5 Jan. 21, 1822, the President sent to the Senate a list of nominations of officers of the 
army, made out in accordance with the act of Mar. 2, 1821, “to reduce and fix the military 
peace establishment of the United States ”. Opposition was made to the confirmation of 
two of the higher officers, Colonel Towson and Col. James Gadsden, the latter of whom 
had been nominated adjutant-general of the army. The ground of objection was that they 
were promoted at the expense of other officers of higher rank, On Mar. 21 and again on 
Apr. 12 the Senate refused to confirm the nominations. Monroe withdrew them and then 
sent them back with an explanation and supporting papers; but the Senate remained 
obdurate and disposed of the nominations adversely on Apr. 29. See Am. St. Papers, 
Mil. Aff., Il. 305-414, and Niles’ Register, XXII. 406-423. Gadsden was an intimate friend 
of Calhoun, whose political fortunes he supported constantly. 


148 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


written them a long letter on the subject which you will see in the papers. 
I think he had better acknowledge that the law was violated and throw the 
blame where it ou’t to rest, on the board of Gnl. Officers. The pruning 
knife will be applied by Congress to the Army. The Major Genl. or Brigs. 
the Inspectors and Surg: Genl. I think will go. The military committee 
have called for Col: Butlers letter of resignation. 

The Vice President ° left this yesterday. I dont think he was perfectly 
sober during! his stay here. He was several times so drunk in the chair 
that he could with difficulty put the question. I understand he will never 
retuirnmherey 0. ae 


Joun RuHEA TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 10, 1822. 

. ... The Speaker of the House of representatives,’ received a letter 
from you—he shewed it to me—he has written to you respecting it, and 
I agree with him in opinion, that it is better not to lay it before the 
House—the last paragraph of it is rather warm and seems to reflect. if 
you have a copy of that letter, write all of it except the last paragraph, 
and then send it to the Speaker of the House, not as a copy but as an origi- 
nal. I now wish that your resignation of the Govt. of Florida, had not 
been so soon; however, you may be assured that if any attempt be made to 
affect you by reason of any of your proceedings in Florida your friends 
here, and I as one of them, will state that you are ready to meet any charge 
in the same manner as if you had not resigned. Write to me when you re- 
ceive this letter, in the manner above alluded to, without expressing any 
opinion, or reflection in regard to any one directly or indirectly—you are 
I believe on safe ground; make not any inimical to you. accept my best 
wishes for your health. Sincerly yours 


MEMORANDA.* 
memorandoms. 


[February, 1822.] 
The case, of the opinion of the atto. Genl U. S. on which M. was 
removed. 


The charges as the Sec of the T. swindling the Govrt out of 25500 and 
giving it to the cherokees in violating the consti. in employing a senator to 


travel over three states to examine the land offices that he might election- 
eer for him. 


6 Daniel D. Tompkins. 


3 1 Philip P. Barbour was Speaker. His letter to Jackson, Feb. 9, 1822, was as follows: 
T have received your letter, and in reply thereto, have to inform you, that I do not con- 
sider myself justified in laying it before the house; because it contains some imputations 
and reflections upon some of the members. If upon the receipt of this, you think proper 
to write another letter upon the subject, not liable to the objection above stated, and 

desire that it should be presented to the House, your request shall be complied with.” 
1 This undated paper, in Jackson’s handwriting, exists in the Jackson MSS., vol. 117. 


y t n Ss 


February, 1822 149 


The charges in the papers vs the Post office department etc. etc. etc. etc. 

The conduct of other nations towards their officers contrasted with 
that of our Govt towards me. 

The charges for preserving orleans, the necessity urgent, martial law 
declared, the country and the constitution saved thereby. 

The seminole campaign the conduct of congress in that case, the mem- 
bers mutilated and distorted the evidence their Views and object—par- 
ticularlise them 

The conduct of the committee of the senate the declaration of Eppes 
that he consented to the report without hearing the Testimony, Wm. H. 
Crawford charged with aiding in drafting it. 

The Sec of the T. being publickly charged with interfeering with the 
states election of those favourable to his v[i]ews to the Presidency. 

The now sec of the Treasury whilst Sec of War, his and Govr mitchels 
application to Genl merryweather to accept the creek agency, their reasons 
pressed upon him, his agreeing if it met with the approbation of his family 
that he would accept and advise mr. C. thereof—congress meets, $85,000 
appropriated to pass through the agents hands to indemnify the friendly 
creeks for the spoliations of the red sticks. Mr. C. transmit the appoint- 
ment to Genl mitchel then Govr. of the state of Georgia, and when Genl 
merryweather writes him that he would accept, the Sec answers that it is 
with extreme regret, that he has to advise him that a few days before his 
letter reached him he had sent the appointment to Govr. Mitchel—as 
stated how this 85m. was applied—africans and goods the sec impli- 
cated—the opinion of the attorny gen! Mitchels removal thereon. Why 
has not these papers been called for and when called for how did it hap- 
pen that there was such solicitude and importunity with the mover, that he 
should desist, and even that Mr monroe should personally interfere etc., 
etc.” 

The Presidents late message the manner in which he speaks of Fromen- 
tine and myself, when the facts were before him, that proves that his 
statement was not true.* The resolution of Whitman calling for the 
papers 2nd of Janry * the letter of mr monroe, notifying the acceptance 
of my commission the 31st of Decbr, Post marked the 9th of January 
1822, 7 days after the resolution—does this display friendship and fair- 
ness, that his letters breath—when my honour and charector was at stake, 
did not friendship and Justice say as he had not accepted my resignation 
why not retain it untill the investigation was closed. There was no succes- 
sor nominated at that day. was it therefore to give the warhawks an op- 
portunity to say on the floor of congress that I had resigned to screen 
myself from punishment, or was it in the Language of the anomous writer 
to aid in my destruction. 

Why I ask was not these papers laid before congress agrea[ble] to my 
request made through the sec of state. was it because it would be then 


? See vol. IL., pp. 354, 420, 433-436, 440. 

3 Annual message of Dec. 3, 1821. Richardson, Messages, II. 104. ‘ 

4 Whitman’s resolution was submitted on Dec. 11, 1821; Jan. 2 was the date of its 
adoption. 


150 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


seen that the Judge had exceeded his Jurisdiction knowingly—why at 
least was not the powers to both disclosed with the message,” as the sub- 
ject was touched and then have left congress to have Judged. Why was 
Fromentine appointed, his immor[al]ity was well known his unfitness 
was self evident—he had no claim on the goverment, why was Haywood 
rejected and Fr. chosen. Why I may ask was I solicited to accept after I 
had refused and when solicited as I was, believing it my duty to yield, 
when it was thought my services could be usefull, why did it happen, that 
not one officer that I had recommended, not one in whom from personal 
knowledge I could have confidence, were appointed. The annonimous let- 
ter answers this question. Through hypocrisy and pretended friendship 
I was to be placed off my guard and sacraficed as a peace offering to the 
Sec of the T. and thereby crush my influence and bring him to the execu- 
tive chair. 

comment on his reason for his appointments. 

When I heard of the appoints had my situation been such as I could 
have resigned I should. I then determined to comply with my promise 
and resign. I was guarded in my conduct, I was determined to admin- 
ister the Govrt. for the happiness of all, and prevent the poor and humble 
from the Tyranny of wealth and power, this I have accomplished, I 
trust—and strange to tell, I have never from the first got a single line of 
instructions from the President—all my measures were reported, none of 
them that were disapproved of. The Jurisdiction as defined by me to 
Judge F. was the same as explained to Fromentine in his letter of the 

day of * here inserted. is it possible then that mr 
Monroe could believe that the Judge thought that he was legally invested 
with the power he attempted to exercise. This from the facts before him 
could not be. 

note the conversation between Dr. B. and mr Monroe, on the subject of 
Fromentine, before his message was communicated as stated in Dr. B. 
letter. 

remark on the Political creed of the Richmond enquirer, that I ought 
to have confined Callava in his own house, but his subordinates in Jail— 
refer to the marcial law upon which our republican constitution is 
founded. Deut. chapter Irst. ver. 17. ye shall not respect persons in 
Judgt; but ye shall hear the small as well as the great; ye shall not be 
afraid of the face of man; for the Judgt is gods: etc. etc. 

notice the employment of Laycock’ by Mr Crawford to receive the 
Columbia road, he being a contractor. This was a reward for his per- 
fidious conduct as chairman of the senates committee, in pursuing the dic- 
tates of mr Crawford there in, and adopting the report furnished him 
by mr Crawford as his own, and which accounts for the Varience of said 
report from the Testimony upon which it is professed to be predicated. 
The public has a good specimen of mr. C. regard for truth in the docu- 


5 Meaning, with the message of Jan. 28, 1822—the papers reprinted in Am. St. Pap. 
Hes - 799-913. < 
8 26th of October, 1821, Adams to Fromentin; cf. with Jackson to Fromenti 
Am, St. Pap., Misc., Il. 848, 820, or p. 125, ante, note a were Ng 
7 See vol. II., pp. 410, 416. 


February, 1822 151 


ments placed before them by Govr. Clark in his pamphlet,* his capacity at 
intrigue, and in this report we have another, and the means mr Crawford 
employs to reward those who can corrupt to his Views, altho he says in 
his report that the senator lately employed by him and who was entitled 
to six dollars pr day etc. would receive nothing, but performed the duty 
assigned him pro, bono, publico, 

In the Seminole question we find the parasite of mr Crawford mr 
mitchel at the city as a witness. Indulged by the committee to answer the 
Interrogatories at his room for his acts with which mr Crawford has been 
combined, by the evidence before the attorney Genl, on whose report he 
mitchel was dismissed, from office, when this proof is set before the na- 
tion which it has a right to see, it will afford a clue, to determine by whose 
influence he was there, and why the Honble. sec mr. C. wielded his puppet 
Leacock in the manner he did, and as is believed prepared the report for 
him, and has been since employing him to receive the road that he Leac- 
cock was a contracter in part for—when mitchell was Govr he writes 
much of the hostility of the Indians, as soon as he is agent, they are quite 
peacable and the whites to blame, he was then engaged in introducing his 
africans by Tabler from St augustine. 


Dr. JAMEs C. BRONAUGH TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 16, 1822. 

.... Yesterday the 3rd no. of the documents were laid upon the 
tables of the members. It contains Fromentins correspondence with the 
Secy. of State and the Secy,s reply. That you will be astonished at the 
course of the President I have no doubt, as I know that you have enter- 
tained a good opinion of him, but his conduct in this affair must satisfy 
you that not the least confidence is to be placed in his professions of 
friendship, that he is a base infamous hypocrite. it consigns him in my 
estimation to ever lasting infamy. Let us for a moment take a review of 
his conduct—the Secy. of State lays before him Fromentins letters from 
the 20th of August to the 21st of Sept. in those letters the most billings- 
gate abuse is lavished upon that man, for whom he has expressed always 
the most friendly regard, to whom he is indebted for his present elevation 
and who has rendered his country much more important services than 
any man now living. 

What course under those circumstances would a high minded honor- 
able man have pursued. he would have dismissed him from office with- 
out a moments delay and directed the Secy. of State to inform that he 
considered him a corrupt scoundrel. But what course did the President 
pursue? He continued him in Office. in his message to Congress he 
spoke of him in the same manner that he did of [the] man who had ren- 
dered such important services to his country and directed his Secy of 
State to inform him that altho’ his view was different from that taken 
by Fromentin yet “ that he was persuaded that his motives and intentions 
were entirely pure”. I dont know when my feelings have been as much 


8 [bid., p. 420. 


152 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


excited as upon taken a view of the whole conduct of the President upon 
this subject. The time is not distant when he shall be made to feel, if 
indeed he has any feelings the dishonorable course which he has pursued 
in relation to this business. For the present I hope you will take no notice 
of him—let the decision be made by Congress. you will then have it in 
your power to make such an appeal to the American people as wili satisfy 
them how much confidence ought to be reposed in the President or his 
Secy. of the Treasury, by whos[e] advice I am induced to believe he acted 
on this occasion. I understand that Mr Adams was decidedly of opinion 
that the only notice that ought to have been taken of Fromentins com- 
munications was “ that he was no longer to consider himself a Judge of 
the U. States”. That the President can justify his conduct, is 1 am sat- 
isfied, impossible and the more I consider of it, the more disgraceful it 
Sirikkesyme.snr ec 


Dr. JAMES C. BRONAUGH TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 23, 1822. 

My D’r Sir, The weather has been so bad since I wrote you last, that 
I have been prevented from visiting Baltimore as I then intended and I 
was so disgusted with the conduct of the President that I had determined 
not to call upon him again: last night however I met with Mr. Hay (his 
son-in-law )* at a Ball who entered into a long discussion of every thing 
connected with the Florida transactions and he came out so warmly in 
your defence, that I candidly stated to him my difficulty in relation to the 
conduct of the President and my opinion that it could not fail to produce 
in your mind unpleasant feelings towards the President. He expressed his 
regret at the circumstance and said that he had for some time been fear- 
ful of that result—that he was satisfied of the Presidents high regard 
and friendly feeling for you and appeared I thought to attribute his 
course to timidity. He declared that he very seldom conversed with the 
President on subjects connected with the Govt. that in consequence of the 
free manner in which he was in the habit of expressing his opinions of 
men and measures when those subjects had been introduced that the 
President very rarely broached them in his presence but that he had taken 
the liberty on several occasions to give him the opinion which he enter- 
tained both of you and Fromentin and that in strong language. And de- 
clared that altho’ he could not boast your acquaintance, that there was no 
man in existance for whom he entertained so exalted an opinion. 

This morning the President sent for me—he appears uneasy—made a 
long speech on the subject of the important services which you have ren- 
dered your country and the obligations which he considers himself under 
to you—hoped that you never could for a moment have doubted his 
friendship for you—declared that it had never known any diminution, 
that he considered your glory as intimately connected with that of the 
country and that his object had always been to place you on the highest 
possible ground. That in the approval of the motives etc. of Fromentin 


1 George Hay of Richmond. 


March, 1822 153 


it was only in relation to his issuing the writ of H. Corpus and that it 
would give him extreme pain if he supposed it could possibly be construed 
into any kind of sanction of the improper language used by him in rela- 
tion to you, that he thought it best not to appear to crush him, as by a 
contrary course he would be enabled to come out more strongly in your 
favor and have it in his power to cover the whole ground—desired that 
I would explain this to you—that he was so conscious his motives and 
conduct towards you had always been pure and friendly that he could 
not for a moment suffer himself to think that they could be doubted by 
you, and that for him to enter into a vindication of them to you would 
appear awkward and unpleasant. He then informed me that on Friday 
he should give the Spanish minister a Dinner and invited me to attend 

I dont think Congress will do any thing on the subject—the number 
opposed to you is very small and but little talents among them—you 
need give yourself no uneasiness, if a discussion should take place, you 
will be ably defended. I hope for the present you will remain perfectly 
silent. I think it will be best for you not come to express your opinion to 
the President on the subject—his friends will be compelled to defend you. 
Now is not the time to act. Perhaps after the adjournment of Congress, 
it may be necessary to come out. more of this when we meet 

yr. friend 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, February 25, 1822. 

_. . . Lam waiting for some information from the city, on the progress 
of the 2d edition of the Seminole campaign, but my enemies it is said, ap- 
pear silent since the papers were communicated to congress. as yet, or I 
mean at the date of the last advices, they had taken no step in the business. 
they are at a loss what to do. their precipitancy, and relying on news 
paper information and Mr Fromentine, they find does not correspond 
with the proof. To move for a vote of thanks to me, would be too mag- 
nanimous a course and a direct censure upon Fromentine. what course 
they will adopt I know not, I will be silent untill they unmask themselves, 
when I intend speaking out. ... . 


Dr. THomas G. WATKINS TO JACKSON.” 


JonesBoro, TENN., March 13, 1822. 

.... On my return here I found several letters awaiting me from 
Virginia, two or three from Characters intimately acquainted and con- 
nected with some of the leaders of our Virginia policy. The next presi- 
dential election is a subject which occupies a prominent part in some of 
these, and I learn from them, that there the public mind seems as yet 
entirely unsettled, the question is considered premature, and there appears 
to be an unwillingness on the part of the state to stir a question, from 
which so much discord and diversity of opinion is likely to arise, the can- 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1 Dr. Watkins lived at Milton, Albemarle Co., Va. See p. 145, supra, note 2. 


154 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


didates are so numerous, and no one standing preeminently superior to 
the rest, that, as yet the public opinion can scarcely be said to be directed to 
any definite point. Some, perhaps unfriendly to the present incumbent, 
say, that-these numerous candidates are encouraged to get the nation so 
completely bewildered, that they will agree to his reelection as the only 
means of allaying the ferment—and that this is his expectation. Be this 
as it may, I believe, that the reelection for a second term has become so 
completely a part of the constitution from custom and public opinion, that 
no one will dare in future to suffer himself to be named for a third, and 
if he were I am sure he wou’d be rejected with disdain. 

I am satisfied that in the presence instance Virginia wou’d not for that 
reason (if no other existed) support the present incumbent upon a new 
nomination—besides this, however, there is in his native state, a powerful 
party as yet without a head, or in array—silently but decidedly disap- 
proving the aberration (from the old republican principles) which has 
manifested itself for the last five or six years—The excessive accumula- 
tion of offices, profuse expenditure of public money and annual increase 
of the national debt. The affectation of european and princely etiquette, 
where the president if he chooses can so decidedly give a tone to man- 
ners—the lust of office and the pride of power, about the seat of the Gen- 
eral governinent, so utterly repugnant to the true sinews and spirit of our 
institutions, have sunk deep into the minds of both federalists and repub- 
licans of greater original simplicity of manners and principles. any cir- 
cumstance which wou’d embody and array this party, wou'd call forth 
and display an opposition, as powerful as it wou’d be unexpected. it com- 
poses the soul and body of the State. If we wou'd preserve the original 
simplicity of our institutions and perpetuate this grand republic, we wou’d 
choose our presidents not for the splendour of their manners, but their 
simplicity and plainness—not for the eloquence of their haranguing, but 
the soundness of their judgment and their decision of character, not for 
their pliancy and amiable accomodation of the ten thousand particular 
wills and wishes that assail them on every side, but a firm, dignified and 
commanding resistance of every thing not founded in righ#, and plain 
solid republican utility. 

I trust that the people on this momentous subject will take the business 
into their own consideration, and transact it among themselves. On such 
occasions if they do not learn to think and act for themselves they will be 
betrayed. but my enthusiastic nature and feelings have hurried me on 
farther than I had at first intended to have obtruded my thoughts on this 
interesting subject upon you. 

The servant man I had thought of selling you I find we cannot dispose 
of untill we get back to Virginia—when his mistress is willing that I 
shou’d sell him. then I cou’d also furnish you a likely young woman 
slave 16 years old also, and if you cannot more readily supply yourself 
with the whole number you want, I wou’d engage to purchase them for 
you carefully in my neighbourhood and upon the best terms they cou’d be 
had, and deliver them to your agent and order without any charge but 
their original cost. in this way you might procure those known to be good 


March, 1822 155 


and upon much better terms than of the traders. Wagg[ons re]turning 
from Baltimore might take them to Knoxville. It will give [me much | 
pleasure if I can serve you in it. If your agent chooses to take the [slave 
I] offered you can have him for the 500 dolls. Tennessee money still— 
off which [if I] sell him in Virginia to you his expences out to Knox- 
ville shall be taken. I shall be happy to hear from you at “ Milton Albe- 
marle Co. Virginia”. with my friendly respects to Mrs. Jackson I am 
with great respect yr. friend and Obdt. servt. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HermitaGE, March 14, 1822. 

D’r Genl, I have this evening recd your letter of the 10th instant by the 
hands of Mr crawford. I have duly observed its contents, and with the 
advice of Mr James Jackson have employed Mr Egbert Harris, to pro- 
ceed forthwith and take charge of my hands and farm.” Mr. Harris, made 
the proposition, saying he had nothing to support on now, but his labour, 
and he was determined to persue any employment that would yield him 
a support. Mr Jackson says he is a good farmer and industrious, and has 
no doubt but he will do well. I could not get Powers and from the letter 
from Sharrock handed me by Mr Crawford, I find he will wantonly lie, 
he says my negroes were and have been all sick with the epidemic pleu- 
reuces, bad colds etc. etc., and that he found them naked and bare footed. 
this last I know to be false, and is stated to form an excuse, and to raise 
an account for new shoes. he still has his stud there contrary to my ex- 
press orders. this must take a hand, or if he attends to him my business 
is neglected. when an overseer begins so early to lie and to deceive, it is 
time to drive him off. he has just turned out as Mr Carren of Franklin 
wrote me he would. I have wrote him and left it open for you and Mr J. 
Jackson to read, you must turn him out and give Mr Harris possession. 
T enclose you his receipt for the negroes tools, stock etc. etc. etc. you will 
see that they together with the pork and bacon are delivered to Mr Harris. 
I have (to prevent Mr Harris from any contracts for tools or any thing 
else) directed him to call upon you and if any one wanted you will have 
them got for me. I have got Mr Jackson to lay in for me one hundred 
yards of Linnen for the negroes summer cloathing. you will direct Mr 
Nicholson to deliver to Mr Harris the little bed two chairs and the table, 
and such table furniture as Mr crawford left there and have a pair of 
Blanketts bought for the bed. Mr Crawford having taken the blanketts. 
I think by keeping Mr Harris from any trading he will do well. he says 
he will plant the old ground in cotton, and from eighty to one hundred 
acres in corn, and put up my ginn house if I can get the loggs hewed. 
Mr Crawford has agreed to do this and to hew the whole timber for the 
press as soon as he is done surveying. I am determined to have my ginn 
up this fall, for should I fail herein I fear I will not afterwards be able. 
I have directed Mr Jackson to have the timber for the running gear and 
boxes sawed at Mr Clappers mill, I wish_Mr Kemper to give the bill and 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. } 1 : 
2 Near Florence, Ala. General Coffee and James Jackson lived on plantations in the 


same neighborhood. 


156 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


direct that it be sawed out of good post oak timber. will you have the 
goodness when you see Mr Kemper to get him to make out the bill, and 
let him know that I rely on him to have my running geer for mill and ginn 
ready by the first of October. I rely on him cutting the mill stones. I am 
determined to push that farm for a livelihood. ... . 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


March 20, 1822. 

D’r Genl, On the 16th instant Mr Egbert Harris set out to take charge 
of my plantation, near Florence. I had wrote you by Mr James Jackson 
who was to have been in Nashville by promise of the 15th but had set out 
on the evening of the 14th. the letters were brought back and forwarded 
by Mr Harris. The letter Sharrock wrote me and which I inclosed to 
Mr James Jackson, has convinced me that he is a villain. I hope and 
trust before this reaches you he has been turned out neck and heel. whether 
Mr Harris has stability enough I cannot say to superintend a farm but 
Mr Jas Jackson thought he would answer. if my health will permit I 
shall be out in the latter end of April or first of May. will be glad to hear 
from you. with my best wishes adieu. 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.* 


HERMITAGE, March 21, 1822. 

Dear Andrew, I have the pleasure to acknowledge the recpt of your 
letter of the 12th Instant, my letter to you will have advised you of the 
safe return of George. I am happy you have commenced your course of 
study with Mr Berry? and that you are comfortably situated in lodgings 
well adapted for study and retirement. Having a good library, you will 
loose nothing by the vacation of lectures, your mind will be better pre- 
pared when they commence to be benefitted by them. you can amuse 
yourself occasionally with history—amonghst which if to be had, I would 
recommend to you the history of the scottish chiefs. I have allways 
thought, that sir William Wallauce as a virtuous patriott, and warrior 
was the best model, for a young man. In him we find a stuborn virtue, 
which was never overcome by vice, it was too pure for corruption—we 
find in him the truly undaunted courage, allways ready to brave any dan- 
gers, for the relief of his country or his friend. In him we find true great- 
ness Of soul capable of true friendship, and in his enemies, a lesson from 
the want of it, necessary for every virtuous high minded youth to be 
acquainted with, that he may be guarded against that vile hypocricy, and 
deceipt, that often lurks beneath a fair exterior which is cloathed with 
power. and my young friend let me now tell you, that in our republican 
Goverment—(where it ought not to exist, and nothing but integrity and 
virtue in its officers be found) you will find, hypocrisy, duplicity, and 
the lowest kind of intrigue, practised by those in power to agrandise them- 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


1 As to A. J. Donelson’s education, see Jackson to Donelson, Feb. 2 
to n’s ; ; . 24, 1817, vol. II, p. 275. 
* This is probably Willian. T. Barry, professor of law in Transylvania Unieakis ee 
ward postmaster general under Jackson, 1829-1835. : 


April, 1822 157 


selves, those who think the object is worthy of the means to obtain it, 
let those means be ever so Treacherous or base—hence then the propriety, 
of young Gentlemen coming into public life, to study mankind, and to 
view them as they are, not what they ought to be in a republican Gover- 
ment. In the history of sir William Wallace you will see the great con- 
trast between virtue and vice, between the high minded honourable man, 
and the base treacherous deceiver—from which, as you progress thro life, 
you may greatly profit by knowing that in all whom that have fair ex- 
teriors you ought not to confide. .... 


To AnpREW J. DoNELSON.* 


Hermitace, April 1, 1822. 

. . . . Lam pleased that you have attached yourself to the senior class 
of the university. the advantage of mr Hollys? instruction, his manners, 
and Easy delivery, will be advantageous to you. I view him one of the 
most accomplished men of his day. Please to present me to him respect- 
fully. On the subject of the purchase of the negroes, I have to observe, 
that I still intend to make the purchase contemplated at or in the neigh- 
bourhood of Lexington, but altho my health is improving I have not as 
yet been able to get to Nashvill to enquire of the exchange. I see from 
the Louisvill paper that the paper of Kentuckey is still depreciating and 
if I can get forty percent advance on our paper will purchase the fellow 
you name at $700, or I will give the man $500 in Nashville paper for him. 
perhaps he would rather take our paper at 40 percent advance than the 
Kentucky paper say $700 in as much as we can get specie here at 17 pr ct 
advance and in Kentucky the paper is at 70 for sp[ecie] however you can 
advise me on this subject, and if the fellow is not more than 22 years old, 
if he is not subject to runaway and is healthy and stout I will remit to 
you seven hundred dollars in Kentuckey paper or $500 in our Nashville 
paper for him any time after the 23rd day of next month. I want two 
or three girls about fifteen or Eighteen years old. inquire if such can be 
bought, and at what price in Kentuckey, and what in Tennessee paper, 
and advise me thereof.? Your aunt and the little andrews Join me in love 
to you, and believe me to be your affectionate uncle. 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

2 Rey. Horace Holley was a Unitarian minister, a Yale graduate; from 1809 to 1818 he 
was pastor of the Hollis Street Church in Boston. In 1815 he was elected president of 
Transylvania University at Lexington, Ky., but the election was recalled on account of 
dissensions among the trustees with which he had nothing to do. In 1817, being again 
- elected to the same position, he accepted and served with great success until 1827. See 
A. F. Lewis, Higher Education in Kentucky, p. 58. 

3 Writing to A. J. Donelson again, Apr. 12, Jackson said: “On the subject of the pur- 
chase of the three negro girls, and a boy, If you can make a contract for them at $450 each, 
our paper, do so, for the boy say from 15 to 20 years old likly sound and sensible I would 
give five hundred dollars—for the girls from 15 to 20 I would give 450 each. If an engage- 
ment can be made as above, do so and I will send the mony any day after the 23rd of 
may—or if an engagement can be made for two only, I will send. If they cannot be 
engaged at these prices say at what the[y] can be and you will oblige.” 


158 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To Ecpert Harris.* 


Hermitace, April 13, 1822. 

D’r Sir, 1 recd your letter of the 2d instant on last evening, which I 
have read with great attention. I have full confidence you will do every 
thing that was left in your power from the lateness of the season when 
you commenced, and I have no doubt from your experience, but your 
plan of planting the crop is well judged of, and will be the best, that could 
have been adopted. I sincerely regret the bad conduct of the negroes in 
running away. Guilbert is not heard of here; nor do I expect that he 
would attempt to come this way, never having been here. If he has left 
the neighborhood of his wife he has attempted to go back to Carolina or 
Virginia, from whence he was brought. should he not have been heard 
of, when this letter reaches you, have him advertised, in the Florence 
Gazette,? and get Genl Coffee to forward one to Huntsville there to be 
published, and the editor of the Gazzet to forward one to Knoxville 
Gazzett, and say to him to forward one to me, and I will have it inserted 
in the Nashville papers. I still hope he is lurking about his wife house. 
I have wrote to Mr James Jackson who I know will have him examined 
for in that neighborhood, and if he can be got, I wish him well secured 
with irons, untill an opportunity may offer to send him down the river, 
as I will not keep a negro in the habit of running away. should you want 
more horses advise me and I will have them sent out. The plan you have 
adopted with the bull is a good one, and I think I will try to adopt it with 
mine here. 

I will certainly see your friend Mr Sanders and your sister, and give 
them the information desired. I have but little doubt but Mr Sanders will 
go out to Huntsville to court. I will endeavour, my health permitting, to 
go out to see you in the month of May next. my dear sir, altho you will 
find some of my negroes at first hard to manage, still I hope you will be 
able to govern them without much dificulty, I have only to say, you know 
my disposition, and as far as lenity can be extended to these unfortunate 
creatures, I wish you to do so; subordination must be obtained first, and 
then good treatment. I am in haste your friend, 


CoLONEL JAMES GADSDEN TO JACKSON. 


WasuHIncToN, April 13, 1822. 

- . » . have another request to make you. You know you promised 
me as an inheritance your public papers books documents etc. These 
though valuable may not contain all the matter relating to your campaigns 
which live only in your recollection. I wish you therefore at every leisure 
moment to throw together in a book, it matters not as to arrangement, 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. This letter is directed to “Mr. E be 
Harris, General Jackson’s Farm south side of the Tennessee riv: shee 
Florence”. See p. 166, note 2. , pcceaencan 

Persons interested in Jackson’s spelling will notice that in this 1 

i 4 \ etter he spell 
“Gazette” in three ways, which shows how indifferent he was to correct spelling. It aris 


to such indifference, rather than to ignorance, that his bad spellin i 
writing were chiefly due. s ‘ & and other errors in 


May, 1822 159 


your recollection of all important events of your life public and private. 
Your early career, the difficulties you had to struggle with in the world— 
Facts relating to the early settlement of Tennessee Indian hostilities etc— 
The important events of your creek and Orleans campaigns; the difficul- 
ties encountered in both—your plans how far executed; and your views 
generally which must have been known solely to yourself, of the opera- 
tions undertaken and your confidence in success. It is impossible to enu- 
merate all that I could wish; write therefote every thing in this great de- 
pository whether of private or public nature which you think would be 
interresting. Fail not to mention what you know of Burs operations. 
etc. etc. etc. efc..... 


To AnpREW J. DoneELSsoON.’ 


HermiracE, April 26, 1822. 

, . it was .ith great regret I parted with you at the time I did, or 
that I could bring my mind to consent that you should be so far from 
nie—but I could see no beneficial prospect for your study of the law here, 
or at Nashville. In short there was no legal charector of sufficient stand- 
ing in morality and law knowledge, who was in the habit of taking in 
legal students, under whom I could have placed you, to have received 
those benefits I wish. I hate a quack of any kind, and another thing, the 
scriptures tell us, ‘a prophet has no honour in his own country ’, These 
Ideas, with the information I had of that institution, determined me to 
send you there. I still flatter myself it was a prudent choice. 

I wish you to advise me when it will be least injurious to your study, 
to vissit me and I will send you a boy and horses—we will be happy to see 
you, but not thereby to injure your study, as I hope in Eighteen months, 
you can return to enter into your profession, and remain with us. I have 
a great desire that you should turn your attention to writing on various 
subjects, nothing tends more to expand the mind, and improve the intel- 
lect, than writing and investigating various subjects; it gives to thought 
a wide range, and when your mind is habituated to writing when young, 
you acquire a facility in managing a subject, that is hard to acquire when 
of mature age, or the meridian of life. writing is a good deal machanical, 
and is only to be acquired by habit at an early age... . . 


To CoLoneL JAMES GADSDEN. 


HermMirTAcE, May 2, 1822. 

D’r Gadsden. On yesterday I had the pleasure to receive your two let- 
ters of the roth and 13th ult. It affords me sincere pleasure to find that 
Mr. Monroe has renomenated you, and has with that firmness and energy, 
due to himself, the nation, and the army explained to the Senate the 
causes that lead to your appointment. Your renomenation with the rea- 
sons assigned will convince the Senate, that the President is determined, 
to support his own constitutional powers, and will not be awed to the 
silent acquiescence, of a faction, whose object has long been to demolish 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 
13 


160 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the army regardless of the injury which must inevitably result to the 
nation thereby. It will afford me great pleasure to read the Presidents 
communication on this subject, and I shall anxiously await the arival of 
the news of your confirmation by the Senate. 

I am happy to learn that my letter to Mr. Monroe of the 19th of March 
last under cover to you, has been delivered to him. from the friendship 
that existed between us, upon mature reflection, I did believe the course 
I have adopted, was the only magnanimous one that I could pursue, con- 
sistant with that friendship I allways had for Mr. Monroe, and I am 
happy to learn from your letter, that he will answer it with that Frank- 
ness that I have exercised toward him. When I first received the anony- 
mous letter ? I had doubts as to who was the writer or from what source 
it could originate. My belief is and I have but little doubt now but that 
it was written by the conivance of William H. Crawford or some of his 
parasites, because it details some facts that could only be known to my- 
self and family; or Mr. Monroe and his Cabinett. This trick is in unison 
with the information given in 1818 to the Editor of the Georgia Journal, 
‘that the Cabinet was divided on the subject of my arrest’ which Mr. 
Monroe told me (when I produced to him the letter of my friend from 
Georgia enclosing Doctor Moors (brotherinlaw of the editor) certificate 
that Grantland the Editor told him that he recd. the information from 
Mr. Crawfor[d] or Mr. Cobb, but he believed from the former)* was as 
positive a falshood as ever was fabricated, is pretty much of a peace with 
the anonymous letter and affords strong presumptive evidence, of it origi- 
nating from Mr. Crawfords fertile genius or intrigue. I know he is in- 
capable of writing such a letter, still I believe it was written through his 
agency. If it had been as it states from a friend of mine, he would have 
come out and produced proof of the hypocrisy and wickedness of those 
professing to be my friends; and whose views was to destroy me. I am 
free to confess to you, that there are misteries in these things that I can- 
not fathom, when I view Judge Fromentines communications, he being 
selected as a Judge, devoid as he was known to be of legal knowled[g]e, 
as well as moral principle in preferren[c]e to Judge Haywood who was 
recommended by me, and not an officer appointed that I had recom- 
mended or could have confidence in for the want of a knowledge of him 
and the attachment that is alledged to exist between Mr. Munroe and 
Mr. Crawford. after Mr. Monroes knowledge of the baseness of this 
man, and the willfull lie he propagated in 1818 to injure me by for- 
stalling public opinion in which if it had been true he violated that pledge 
of secrecy as one of the Cabinet, for which Mr. Monroe ought in Justice 
to himself to me and the nation to have removed him from his cabinett, 
as an unworthy member, however I have never let those things take deep 
root in my breast, still hoping that Mr. Monroe would be able to explain 
satisfactory to me those things that have tended to my injury, and of the 


1 Message of Apr. 13, 1822. Richardson, Messages, II. 129-136. 

2 This anonymous letter, and the copy of Jackson’s letter of Mar. 19 enclosing it to 
Monroe, have not been found by the editor. The anonymous letter is doubtless the one 
referred to in the “Memorandoms”, ante, p. 150. 

8 See vol. II., pp. 417, 420, 424. 


May, 1822 161 


injustice of which, I had a right to complain. I therefore suspend any 
opinion for the present and await his answer. There is no fear ought to 
be entertained that I shall ever be led astray from the support of Mr. 
Monroes administration, as long as he persues principle; I love my friend 
and will support him, as far as he pursues the principles of our constitu- 
tion, and acts Justly to all with the sole view to the public good, and I 
never can believe without good proof that my friend will abandon prin- 
ciple, for the base and unworthy motives of self agrandizement but I 
would abandon any man who for selfish motives would act unjustly aban- 
don principle, with a view to enhance his own popularity or his own 
views, that were seperate from the public good. I hope and trust Mr. 
Monroe never has or will do this, and as long as he takes Justice for his 
guide, public good his end, I will, as I have heretofore continue to support 
his administration. 

Dear Gadsden I would to god my health and other circumstances com- 
bined would permit me to take with you the proposed Tour to the north 
and East. The pleasure of travelling with you would be sufficient induce- 
ment, but there are many opposing obsticles—first, my present strength 
would not Justify the attempt at such a Journey—my private concerns 
require my attention, when my health will permit it, being much deranged 
from my long absence. The state of our paper money would preclude the 
Posibility of procuring Eastern funds without a great sacrafice. I have 
my little sons including Lyncoya, at school, and their education has been 
greatly neglected in my absence. Justice to them, require my attention 
when I have health to give it. in short Sir I must take rest or my stay 
here on Earth cannot be long. for four months I have been oppressed 
with a violent cough, and costiveness, which had determined me as I 
wrote you to spend a few weeks at the (Herrodburgh)* springs in the 
month of July next. I have been recently vissitted by my old bowell com- 
plaint, which has weakened me very much, having a constant flow, in the 
last twelve hours, upwards of Twenty passages. my cough has nearly 
subsided, altho I continue to throw up great quan[ti]ties of flime. If ti 
can moderately check this loss I am still in hopes of getting my health 
again, and be relieved from the cough. to these I might add other cogent 
reasons but those I trust already named will suffice. Present my thanks 
to Mr. Calhoun for his friendly offer. My public papers I have long since 
given to you, I will have them carefully colated and Boxed for you, and 
if health permits will make a memorandom of those things requested. 
there is no man, I have move confidence in than you and I resign to you 
my papers with great pleasure; with this request that they be preserved 
and returned to my adopted son when you are done with them, that he 
may peruse them when of mature age. 

In my last I named to you that I had not shewn your letter to Colo. 
Butler. I have since seeing him determined that I will not. Colo. Butler 
assures me in the most positive manner that he never wrote but the one 
letter to the military committee of the house of representatives, that he 
has never written to any member of the senate upon that subject and re- 


4 Harrodsburg, Ky. 


162 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


quests me to say to you, if such a statement has been made to you, that it 
is a positive falshood. I have no doubt but he despises both Benton and 
Williams as much as any other man. he 

I am much pleased that Genl Houstons account has been allowed, it is 
Just, and well supported by law. Houston is a noble minded fellow and 
should he be returned for congress at our next election of which there is 
but little doubt, I expect him and Colo. Williams will see each other. The 
latter has shunned him it is said for some years. 

Your mare will soon bring you another Pacolet or Pacolets, her ap- 
pearence would evidence the latter, and I hope you will have better luck 
with them. contemplating a vissit from you this Spring I was looking 
out to be prepared with a good horse for you. I have not seen Colo. Hays 
since I recd. your letter—he is to be in here in a few days, he has moved 
to the forked Deer. I will endeavour to have the business eranged for you 
with him. I am so weak I must close for the present. Mrs. J. Joins me in 
best wishes for your prosperity and happiness. believe me your friend. 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.* 


HERMITAGE, Mav 20, 1822. 

. one of my objects in placing you at Lexington was that you 
might become acquainted with the young gentlemen from various parts 
of the south and west—that when you enter into professional life, which 
may be a prelude to political; you may be known—for I will not disguise, 
I look forward, if you live, to the time when you will be selected to pre- 
side over the destinies of america. I therefore wish you for the present 
to steer clear of all political broils. I do not mean that you should be 
silent on political subjects, but when you speak on them do it with reflec- 
tion, embracing general remarks unless where it may becom[e] necessary 
to give an opinion, then, if necessary give it agreable to your opinion of 
the subject before you, agreable to your ideas of right, and Justice, re- 
gardless of consequences, allways keeping in view principles, not men, the 
public good, seperate from individual agrandizement—constitutional and 
legal rights, seperate from individual views—in short, measures that will 
promote the public good, reguardless, of individual views, or the agran- 
dizement of party purposes. .... 


To Dr. James C. Bronaucu. 


HERMITAGE, May 29, 1822. 
D’r Doctor. Last night I recd. by mail a letter from Mr. H. Niles* of 
Baltimore, with one to you inclosed, with a request I should forward it to 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

1 Hezekiah Niles, editor of The Weekly Register. June 1 Jackson wrote again to 
Dr. Bronaugh, saying that in writing his first letter he had forgotten that Edward 
Rutledge aspired to the position desired by Samuel Niles, and that he withdrew his sup- 
port of Niles in favor of Rutledge. He said quite characteristically: ‘“ When benefits are 
to be bestowed my friends are seldom out of my view, and as I never forsake an old 
friend, for a new, or abandon a well tried faithfull servant for one untried, I hasten to 
write you, and my friend Overton to whom I wrote on the subject of Mr. Niles that the 


Justice which I think due to Mr. Rutledge may be extended and, my letter in favor of 
Mr. Niles, withdrawn.” 


June, 1822 163 


you wherever you might be. Mr. Niles has a great wish to obtain for his 
son, Samuel Niles, the appointment of Secratary to the board of commis- 
sioners for the decision of land claims in florida, and requests my aid in 
obtaining it for him. I have wrote Mr. Overton on this subject. I have no 
acquaintance with Genl Preston, or Mr. Ware, and have to request that 
you will lend your aid, (if not committed in behalf of any other) in be- 
half of young Mr. Niles with them, as I believe the welfare of our coun- 
try in a great measure depends on athwarting the views of those, who 
wish to bring W. H. C into the Presidential chair, and if young Mr. Niles 
is appointed Secratary he will have it in his power to become acquainted 
with the real charector and standing of Wm. H. C. and communicate it 
to his father, who I believe is an independant, virtuous Editor, and who 
I believe will support no man for office, and particularly the Presidential, 
unless he believes them honest and virtuous, and this he cannot do, if ac- 
quainted with the real charector of Mr. C. and on his son he will confiden- 
tially rely. 

at the request of Mr. Niles I enclose to you his letter, enclosed to me. 

I have Just received the proceedings of the senate, the injunction of 
secrecy having been taken of. Gadsden, and Towson, are both again re- 
jected—Fenwick etc. etc. I do not find that the senate have acted upon 
them. The offices of course remain vacant untill next meeting of the 
senate. Gadsden is gone to Charleston, I suppose second to Mr. Mc- 
Duffie? I hope I shall see him here this summer. The report of the mili- 
tary committee, is very severe, and places the board of Genl officers, in a 
very aukward situation. In short I cannot foresee, how the President per- 
mitted himself to be lead astray by this board, or why he had not made a 
transfer of Colo. Gadsden from the Inspectors office to that of the adju- 
tant Genl. This he had a right to do, altho he had no right to make new 
appointments. 

I can see the hand of Crawford in this report, the whole is intended 
to effect Calhouns popularity. I hope he may be disappointed, and all his 
parasites, and satelites. I see in the papers, announced, strictures, on the 
military report of the senate, I have not seen them, but am anxious to see 
them—make my compliments to Call and Easter, to Shannon Walton and 
Miller etc. etc. etc., and all my military friends and believe me yours. 


FELIx GRUNDY * TO JACKSON. 


Confidential. 
NASHVILLE, June 27, 1822. 

Dear General, It will not be in my power to pay you the promisd visit. 
The absence of Mrs Grundy, who has gone to see our daughter at Gal- 
latin, prevents my leaving home. The subject to which I wish your at- 
tention is this, Your friends, wish to know, whether there is any cause, 
unknown to them, which would render it improper in them to exercise 
their own discretion and Judgment, in bringing forward your name in 


2 George McDuffie, M. C. from South Carolina, fought a duel with ‘Col. William 
Cumming. 
1 Felix Grundy, since 1807 a lawyer in Tennessee, was afterward U. S. senator, 1829- 


1838, 1839-1840. 


164 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


such way as may be thought best, for the office of Cheif Magistrate of the 
U States at the approaching Election. The Genr’l Assembly will meet 
on the 22nd of next month. Then is the time, to take a decisive step. I 
have latterly been so much engaged in my professional pursuits, as not to 
have attended to political matters of this kind at a distance or in other 
parts of the Union. But I think I know the people of Tennessee. Of the 
Unanimous vote of this State, no doubt need be entertained. Indeed, I 
beleive the anxiety of many on this subject is increased by the considera- 
tion, that it will afford the Citizens of this State an opportunity of refut- 
ing the Slander which has gone abroad, That, “ You are not popular at 
home; by which the people of this State are indirectly charged, with in- 
gratitude and insensibility to your public services. Will you deliberate on 
this subject, and when you come to Nashville, I will call on you, etc. 
yr friend 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN. 


Private 
June 28, 1822. 

D’r Sir, Being absent vissitting my little farm near Florence, when 
your letter of the 16th of May reached Nashville, I did not receive it un- 
till the 22d instant the day of my return, and will account to you for the 
delay of my acknowledging its receipt. 

It will at all times afford me Sincere pleasure to interchange with you 
my sentiments on any, and all Subjects that may be interesting to you, or 
in which the interest of our common country may be involved. There is 
no ones, welfare and prosperity, 1 have more at heart than yours, This 
was the reason, I have wrote you with the Frankness | have done, and 
hastened as soon as advised to lay before you, the conduct of Genl Jessup * 
at Pensacola. I believed you, like myself, to have held in estimation the 
Genl free from duplicity or, dishonourable conduct. from information 
recd some time since I was fully convinced of my Error and I am happy 
you are now guarded with respect to him—he is unworthy of confidence, 
and capable in my opinion of betraying it. As to our mutual friend Gads- 
den, you may rely on it, there is neither deception or duplicity in his com- 
position, the longer you are acquainted with him, the more you will be 
convinced, that I have formed a Just Estimate of him. 

It is certainly true, that the Military committee of the Senate have and 
will be wielded by the present Secretary of the Treasury; Mr. Monroe 
must have long since known of his intrigue, and I do assure you his best 
friend has viewed with regret and astonishment, that he still retains him 
in his Cabinet. Mr. Crawford if I mistake not, has not abandoned his 
intrigue and it is probable, the Military committee may at the next session 
of Congress renew their attack against Mr. Monroe, Their object to effect 
you, and draw the attention of the nation from his corruption, and in- 
trigue. his friends well know they can neither justify or defend him, and 
it is plain that this is their course from the game that is played by the red 


jackets through the city Gazzett.? 


1 Thomas S. Jesup, quartermaster general. 
2 The Washington Gazette. 


June, 1822 165 


The right mode is to meet an enemy with his own weapons, and if Mr. 
Cook could meet with that support that virtue ought to elicit and at the 
next session call up the report of the committee on the subject of the em- 
ployment of Senator Thomas, unfold Mr. Crawfords conduct fully, and 
his false statement to the Chairman of that committee, on which the 
chairman founded his eroneous report—it will put the Sen. and his friend 
down forever. Mr. Crawford will not in my opinion get a vote in this 
state. I have said that I am induced to believe, that Crawford, through 
the military committee of the Senate, will at the next session of Congress, 
make another effort against the Executive, to injure you, Colo. Benton * 
will wield Williams and Crawford will wield them both like a shewman 
does his puppets. I know they men well, and from a front view can well 
judge of their interior. Benton has laid a resolution on the table calling 
for information whether Colo. Butler has resigned etc. etc.* This is not 
acted on, but is left for further operations, at the next session. If these 
men expect any thing from Colo. Butler to aid their views they are widely 
mistaken—he is too honourable a man to have any thing to do with such 
men. 

I must be frank, it behoves you and Mr. Monroe to act with great cau- 
tion, and give to those men no opportunity of advantage by any act that 
you may do, that relates to the army. you have no adjutant Genl, this 
will create for you great labour. Should you detail one to perform the 
duties, and allow him compensation they will endeavour to assail you for 
having applied the public money, not appropriated by law, alledging that 
the fault was with the President in leaving the office unfilled, and if Colo 
Gadsden should be detailed it will be handled by them as a contemptuous 
conduct of the President to the Senate, that body having rejected his 
renomination. Permit me to remark Colo. Gadsden is too valuable to the 
army and his country for his services to be lost, Permit me to sugest a 
course, that will disappoint your enemies, silence them and bring Colo. 
Gadsden into the adjutant generals office, his feelings untouched, and the 
President free from blame. let it be remembered, that the military com- 
mittee contend, that the adjt Genl office of right ought to have been filled 
by Jones or Butler. Butler has tendered his resignation, which as yet has 
not been accepted, he is under permission by Genl Gains to remain in Ten- 
nessee or untill he receives information whether his resignation is ac- 
cepted of or not—in point of law he is still in the army and the P. in 
pursuing the intimation of the military committe by reappointing Towson 
paymaster has shewn an inclination to adopt the course pointed out by 
them. Let Butler then be ordered to the city as adjt Genl, he will obay the 
order, and continue to perform the duties to the next meeting of Congress 
with an understanding that he is permitted then to resign, and that Colo. 
Gadsden be nominated by the President to the Senate to fill the office of 


adjutant Genl. This will silence the opposition of the military committee 


8 Now senator from Missouri, 1821-1851. : 
4 Resolution of Mar. 8, 1822. Annals of Congress, 17 Cong., I Sess., I. 474 (executive 
proceedings). The reference is to Col. Robert Butler, who had resigned Nov. 16, 1821. 


166 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


and insure Gadsden an unanimous confirmation by the Senate. I well 
know that Colo. Butler will make this sacrafice of absence from his family, 
to secure his friend Gadsden the appointment and his country his services 
and to relieve the administration from the present embarrassment believ- 
ing as he does that Mr. Monroe will provide for him by giving him the 
appointment of Survayor Genl of the Floridas when that appointment 1s 
made. Major Eaton reached me last night, The sugestions I have made 
to him which he approves. Colo. Butlers account goes on by this days mail 
addressed to Maj. Vandeventer.’ Should these sugestions be approved 
and adopted his account can be suspended. I pledge myself, for Colo. 
Butlers compliance with the arrangement above sugested. ; 

Present me to Mr. Monroe and say to him I have recd his letter with 
the inclosure which shall be answered so soon as I have time to peruse 
with attention the inclosure 

in haste I am sir with great respect yr mo ob servt 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.* 


HERMITAGE, June 28, 1822. 
. . . . I found my business in alabama not so flattering as I expected, 
I have a tolerable prospect of Cotton,’ but from the cause of the absence 
of my negroes, four having ran away, I found but a poor prospect of 
corn. I was fortunate in regaining my negroes, and although I hate chains, 
was compelled to place two of them in irons, for safekeeping untill an op- 
portunity offers to sell or exchange them. .... 


P. S. present me to Mr. Ficklin, say to him I have recd his letter, and 
will reply when Leisure permits. I have been engaged in answering let- 
ters recd from mr. Monroe and mr. Calhoune and mr. Adams. 


Have you seen Jonathan Russells letter on the subject of the negotia- 
tion at Ghent,® and the meritted chastisement and Lashing, given him by 
mr Adams. what an accomplished Villain this Jonoathan must be—a fit 


5 Christopher Van Deventer, chief clerk of the War Department. 

1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

2 Jackson’s farm in Alabama, in the “forks of Cypress”, was about ten miles north of 
Florence, in Lauderdale County. The management of it gave him much trouble, and the 
business did not prove profitable. In 1822 he sold that part of the farm that had improve- 
ments on it, and the remainder was sold not long afterwards. See Jackson to A. J. 
Donelson, Nov. 27 and Dec. 13, 1822. Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

8 May 7, 1822, some of John Quincy Adams’s opponents got through the House a 
resolution calling on the President for a letter written in 1815 by Jonathan Russell, one 
of the American peace commissioners at Ghent, dissenting from the action of his colleagues, 
one of whom was Adams, with respect to the provisions of the Treaty of Ghent con- 
cerning the navigation of the Mississippi, and the right of Aimericans to participate in the 
northeastern fisheries. The purport of the letter was that Adams advocated the con- 
cession of the free navigation of the Mississippi in exchange for the right to dry fish in 
Canada. Monroe sent the correspondence to Congress on May 4. Its publication led 
Adams to write, May 3, 1822, a pointed reply in justification of his own conduct. Then 
Russell wrote a reply, and Adams made rejoinder. All of this commotion was due to a 
desire to make Adams unpopular in certain parts of the country for being willing to give 
up the navigation of the Mississippi in order to promote a New England interest. The 
correspondence is in Niles’ Register, XXII. 198-221, 296-304, 327-336; and the first- 
mentioned letters of Russell and Adams in Am. St. Pap., Misc., II. 938-056. See also 
J.Q. Adams, The Duplicate Letter, the Fisheries, and the M ississippi (Washington, 1822). 


July, 1822 167 


subject to be turned to the Trade of making wooden Nutmegs, to impose 
upon the world with. This exposure by mr. Adams, of mr. Russell 
Touches more than Jonathan, and has done mr. Adam[s] much credit, 
and instead of destroying his popularity in the south and west has in- 
creased it. Mr. A. Strictures upon Russells letter I recommend to your 
attention 

Pay: 


To ANDREW J. DonELsoN.* 


NASHVILLE, July 5, 1822. 

.... the conduct of Kentucky with regard to her Judiciary is to me 
the most alarming and flagi[t]ious, and augurs (if presisted in) the de- 
struction of our republican goverment—for let me tell you, that all the 
rights secured to the citizens under the constitution is worth nothing, and 
a mere buble, except guranteed to them by an independant and virtuous 
Judiciary, and should the Demagogues of Kentucky succeed in destroying 
that independance, the[y] place the Judiciary in the hands of these de- 
signing demagogues, and the Judiciary will be become the mere tools of 
oppression of the people, and wielded by these men for their wicked pur- 
poses. I hope the enlightened freemen of Kentucky, will assert their 
rights, and preserve the independance of the Judiciary unimpaired by fac- 
tion, or the designing demag[og]ues of the day— ? which side of this 
question does Mr. Clay take.’ ... . 


Dr. THomas G. WATKINS TO JACKSON. 
GLENMORE NEAR Mitton, ALBEMARLE Co., Va., July 6, 1822. 


.... 1 frequently see Mr. Jefferson—since April his health has beene 
bad and himself very feeble, but he has lately much improved and yester- 
day I thought looked as well as he has done for several years. He ex- 
pressed much satisfaction at the account your letter gave me of the im- 
proved state of your health, and desired me to request the favour of you 
(if convenient) to send him a copy of Mr. Overtons pamphlet—in “ Vin- 
dication of the measures of the Presidint etc”, which he said affords 
some of the best arguments against the censures thrown out on that occa- 
sion—he had and kept the pamphlet sometime but has been some how 
deprived of it. 

Mr. Jefferson feels great interest in the speedy and successful operation 
of the University of Virginia—some further support of the Legislature 
of Va. is necessary to this important object. The great mass of Intelli- 
gence and liberality attached to the state is with this institution and they 
will prevail untimately if not certainly next session, but there are several 
partial Interests combined against it which have been sufficiently power- 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. ae iy f 

2The Kentucky supreme court had declared unconstitutional the replevin law made 
by the relief party to protect debtors. Thereupon the judge who had given the decision 
was cited before the Kentucky house of representatives, where a vote for his removal failed 
of the necessary two-thirds majority by four votes. This was the beginning of the long 
course of judge-breaking in Kentucky. J : ; 

1 John Overton, A Vindication of the Measures of the President and his Generals in the 
Commencement and Termination of the Seminole Wear (1819). 


168 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


ful to impede its more rapid progress. You might I think render a service 
to this object as well as to yourself, by some judicious remarks in its 
favour, which might find their way into the papers at Richmond at a suit- 
able time, as an extract of a letter from a gentleman of distinguished 
standing, while the more prominent characters among us would know the 
source. These remarks will be unknown to any one but yourself. if any 
reasons suggest themselves to induce you to think it best to avoid the sub- 
ject—no reply touching it will be necessary. My motive for making the 
intimation seems to me in every respect to be founded upon correct prin- 
ciple, nor shall I ever question yours, if any reasons, proper to yourself, 
induce your silence on the subject. 

The Boy I offered you in Tennessee, has lately had a severe attack of 
the breast and bowels—indeed since he was sick at Genl. Overtons he has 
inclined to a cough which I confidently expected when I last wrote you 
wou'd yield to the warm weather, and I did not mention it. If an oppor- 
tunity offered to send him, therefor, to Knoxville, I cou’d not safely 
recommend him as being sound and healthy—and I think you had better 
not rely upon him, though if you or a friend choose for you were satisfied 
upon examining him, I wou’d still be willing to take the $500 dollars Ten- 
nessee money. Mrs. Watkins unites with mine her friendly and best re- 


Spects to-MassJacksou I am with great respect 


I cou’d not get on to W. City last winter before the rise of Congress 
but wrote to Mr. Eaton my desire to see him if he cou’d return this way. 
I have not heard from him. I shou’d be very glad to see him on his way 
to Congress next fall, and if he will give himself time to stay a few days, 
I know he may spend them agreeably and make some desirable acquain- 
tances 


PostaGE ACCOUNT FROM FEBRUARY 8 TO JULY 16, 1822. 
Genl Andrew Jackson 
To the Post Office Nashville Dr 


To Postage on Sundry letters and packages 
from February 8th to July 16th 1822 BLOF 
To Ditto on Washington City Gaz From Feby rst to Aug. rst. 
1822 tg i 
To Ditto on Floredian Do Do 39 
To Ditto on Florence Gaz Do Do 26 
To Ditto on American Farmer Do Do 39 
To Ditto on Louisville Papet Do Do 78 
$19.12 


Nashville July 17th 1822 Received payment in full of the above for 
R. B Currey 


B. F. Currey 


Mr John Sommerville will please pay the above postage in specie, ob- 
taining it on the best Terms tor Nashville paper and oblige 
ANDREW JACKSON 


July, 1822 169 


To Dr. JAmes C. BRONAUGH. 


HERMITAGE, July 18, 1822. 

.... Isincerely regret the disagreable situation of the Territory from 
the absence of the officers appointed to carry the organization into effect 
given to the Territory by the late act of Congress; but one thing is cer- 
tain, that the existing authority continues, untill the officers appointed 
under the late regulations arive and are sworn into office, and the idea of 
an interregnum which I see afloat in your country is intirely ideal. The 
conduct of Mr Monroe in appointing councillors, not inhabitants of the 
Floridas at the time of the appointment is inconsistant with (my recollec- 
tion of) the act of Congress, for that act if I mistake not conferres the 
selection of the council from amonghst the then citizens or residents of 
Florida. It is very strange that he has not filled the vacancy in the Judi- 
ciary of West Florida by the non-acceptance of Mr Brown, but not more 
strange than his appointing him when he knew he would not accept the 
appointment; I am of the opinion he does not intend to appoint our mu- 
tual friend Brakenridge if he can get any body in North Carolina to ac- 
cept it—for my part I cannot understand him, he has wrote me a very 
cou[r]teous, and studied answer in which he takes no particular notice 
of the anonymous Letter; I have not replied to it as yet. 

It affords me much pleasure to hear that the Gov * has reached you, and 
that he has been well received by the people, this argues well, but I know 
the people there, and you may look out for feuds, and party, and unless 
the Gov shapes his course at first, and firmly pursues an undeviating pol- 
icy, he will get himself in dificulty, the council (if united) will be his 
eficient prop, but Colo. Barnett will raise a party in opposition to the 
views of the Governor, except he goes with Barnett which I am certain 
he will not—nay that he cannot, if he pursues a course, to produce the 
best results to the interest and prosperity of the country. and say to 
Govr. Duval to have his eye upon the Colo. he is arch, and cunning, and 
if he can, will intrigue. By pursuing an energetic, steady, course the 
Governor will succeed in keeping down party spirit, and administring the 
Goverment, both, to the happiness, and harmony, of the people, as well as 
to the benefit of the country—but to effect this he must at once take his 
course with energy, and convince those spirits of party, that he cannot be 
shaken. I have not the act of congress before me, but I am of the opinion 
the Legislative council can by law point out and establish the mode of 
electing the delegate, and if it is found from the lateness of the season, 
that a law authorising the election of the delegate by the people, cannot 
be passed and promulgated in due time for an election before congress 
meets, it strikes me, that the council can, temporarily, appoint the dele- 
gate untill an election by the people can take place—but not having the law 
before me, I cannot, nor do I, pretend to give a deliberate opinion upon 


this subject.* 


1“ from among the citizens of the United States residing there”. Act of Mar. 30, 1822, 


sec. 5. 
2 William P. Duvall. Bele, ‘ 
3“ The said delegate shall be elected by such description of persons, at such times, and 


under such regulations, as the Governor and Legislative Council may, from time to time, 
ordain and direct.” Act of Mar. 30, 1822, sect. 14. 


170 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I hope you will have nothing to fear from the opposition of Colo. 
Barnett. Should not Mr Worthington of East Florida be a candidate, I 
will write him, and I expect he will support you, Should he, with the inter- 
est of the Govr. you will have but little to apprehend. from Mr W. fare- 
well adress, I was apprehensive he was preparing the way for some favour 
from the people. 

I am happy to find from letters from Capts Call and Easter that all my 
old friends will support you, I knew Major Bowie was a snake in the 
grass—he is opposed to you. I hope Mr Austin will support you. Say to 
Colo. Watrous I cherish for him the sincere feelings of friendship, he 
has my best wishes. I would write him but I am really oppressed with 
answering letters. in the last quarter my postage amounted to $54, this 
is equal to my cotton crop, give my good wishes to all my friends. I shall 
write Overton, Call and Easter and Brakenridge tomorrow. Mrs. J. and 
the andrews Join me in good wishes, you will see from the papers that my 
name has been brought forward—every application to me, I give the same 
answer that I have never been a candidate for any office. I never will. 
But the people have a right to choose whom the[y] will to perform their 
constitutional duties, and when the people call, the Citizen is bound to 
render the service required. I think Crawford is lost sight of, and his 
friends are about to bring forward Mr Clay. Calhoune (Eaton says) at 
Congress is the strongest man. Iam told Mr Adams at present the strong- 
est in this state. accept my Dear Sir, of my best wishes. adieu for the 
present * 


JAMES JACKSON TO JACKSON. 


ForKS OF CYPRESS, NEAR FLORENCE, ALA., 
July 24, 1822. 

Dear Genl. I duely recd. yours of 27th ulto. and would much sooner 
have written you, but my new business added to my other conserns has 
pestered me much, and perhaps leaves every thing badly done. of all the 
business I ever was engaged in, being a Candidate is the most disgusting. 
most of those who wishes a man to become a Candidate, think they have 
done him a great favour—every scrub in the Country considers himself 
entitled to take what liberty He pleases and those opposed will manufacture 
little insignificant stories, unworthy of notice but still calculated to have 
an injurious effect. A man who is determined to be a successful Candi- 
date, must be all things to all men, never express his opinion freely and 
learn the nack of geting round every subject that presents itself. The 
popular opinion, no matter how wrong, is not to be met by a candidate. 
There is so much in this business to disgust and so little that gratifies that 
I think my first effort will be my least [sic] and to mend the matter, there 
is some probability that I'll either be beaten by or associated with a Hog 
Thief. I still think I’ll be Elected, should that be the case and I find Mr. 
King * to be the man He has been represented to you, He’ll not visit Wash- 


*This was perhaps Jackson’s last letter to Dr. Bronaugh, to whom he was deeply 
attached. Yellow fever was then prevalent in Pensacola and the Doctor did not spare his 
efforts in behalf of the sufferers. He was seized himself, and died Sept. 2, 1822. 

1 William R. King was senator from Alabama 1819-1844, 1848-1853. 


July, 1822 171 


ington City as Senetor with my consent, If better can be done. I have 
not yet had any posative information of my Negroes, but am inclined to 
the opinion that they aimed for Nashville. I wrote Mr. Thomas Martin 
to have one hundred Copies of my advertisement striken off and for- 
warded from Nashville in every direction. .... 


To PRESIDENT MONROE. 


HERMITAGE, July 26, 1822. 

Dear Sir, Your letter of the 30th of May reached Nashville by due 
course of mail, being absent on a short Tour to my farm in alabama, I 
did not receive it untill late in June, and have been prevented by various 
causes (ill health included) from answering untill now. 

Nothing could be more painfull to me, than to have cause to complain 
of the acts of one who I considered my friend. The principles upon which 
I have allways acted toward my friends, induced me to write to you with 
the candeur of one when the occurrence happened which induced the be- 
lief that the act was not only injurious but unfriendly to me, and not war- 
rented from the facts of the case or the rules of general Justice to all. 
my letter to you was dictated by these considerations, and whether an in- 
jury has accrued to me by the communication as made to congress, as 
you now tell me and which I had allways believed that you are utterly 
incapable “ of doing unjustice to any one intentionally”, This suffices. 
The thing being done without intention of producing injury—if injury 
hath acrued, the intention being absent, no breach of friendship is, or can 
be ascribed with Justice. 

I have seen with great regret the embarrasments, with which you are 
surrounded during last session of congress—some of which I anticipated 
from the moment I saw placed on the Register of the army the recom- 
mendation of the board of Genl officers. This I well knew would give to 
a certain party an opportunity to bring the army in review before con- 
gress, and if possible destroy its usefullness to the country by reducing it, 
and from matter growing out of this investigation, strike, if possible a 
blow at the rising popularity of the secratary of war. it was this view of 
the subject that induced me to write you from Pensacola with the free- 
dom and candeur that I did. The indecorous phraseology of the report of 
the committee of the Senate, too plainly marked the intention of its pro- 
moters, and has destroyed that effect upon the public mind it was ex- 
pected to produce, and must recoil upon the makers. 

I have read with great attention and much interest your message to 
congress on the subject of the constitutional right to adopt, and execute 
a system of internal improvements. Your reasoning I think Just, and 
the conclusions well drawn, and must be satisfactory to the nation. My 
opinion has allways been that the Federal goverment did not possess the 
constitutional right, that it was returned to the States, 

My health is not good, nor have I much hope of regaining it, retire- 
ment and ease, may prolong my life, but I fear never can restore my 


1 Message accompanying the veto of the Cumberland Road Bill, May 4, 1822. 


172 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


broken constitution. Mrs J. requests to be kindly presented to you and 
Mrs Monroe and your family, to whom, I pray you, to present me re- 
spectfully—and believe me to [be] with great respect 

your mo obdt, servt, 


EcBert Harris TO JACKSON.* 


FRANKLIN, ALABAMA, July 27, 1822. 

Dr Genrall. On my return from Huntsvill I receaved yours dated 15th. 
In answer I can say to you, that I left your farm on the 16th and returned 
to my Business on the 26th which I had entrusted to the care of our mu- 
tial friend Mr John Caffery, and feel highly gratifyed in saying that 
during my absence he conducted the Business much to my satisfaction all 
thing’s going on smothly, as it respects the farm. I am sorry that the Old 
man Mr Upchurch, as I am informed, is unable to worke. I immediately 
gave Mr Crafford, fore hands for the purpose of finishing the logs for the 
Gin House, as we requiered 8 more to have engouh. he is employed in get- 
ting them at this time, and will I hope compleate them in a shorte time. 
I have seaded your turnip patch, begging new seed, from my Acquain- 
tances, as there was not half enough provided by your friend. I should be 
glald to seed eight or ten Acres more if seeed can be procured. I have my 
strong hands employed in getting logs for the crib, and gin House the 
Weomen grubing arou[n]d the Houses as you requested for turnips and 
tatos [potatoes]. I can say I beleave this is tanteomount of my Business 
and I beleave it is disposing of the hands as you requiered. 

I shall detain the Horses which I had preaviously determined to send 
for purpose of getting the timbers together, so soon as I can spare them 
I shall starte squire up with them. Speaking of Capt. Kemper I can say 
nothing as I have not seen him in purson. I called at Col. Jones’s for that 
purpose but was informed, that he was on the Opposite side of the River. 
Mr Crafford I beleave has seen him but unfortunate for me, in conversa- 
tion on such subjects as appears to have been entrusted to his direction 
I can learn but little, and as it appears to have been made a seperate 
apartement, I feell some delicacy. I have haed no positive Instructions 
about engageing the reasidue of the plank, and I know not whether it is 
engaged or not, Mr Crafford if I understood him, said he would engage it, 
if so I presume it is safe. Mr Hover, has not delivered the stuf for the 
wheat, at the river but I presume he will when requiered. I have been in- 
formed that Kemper, finds considerable fault of the logs stateing that they 
should not have been Boiled. this was the positive instruction of Genrall 
Coffee, when he delivered your note’s which Instructions I have Ob- 
searved delligently and beleaved it the most expeditious mode of curing 
them, as I had but little time to season the logs and I feare they will not 
be perfectly seasoned. his Objections are maney and I fear from reporte, 
he is not desposed to do your worke. Should you discover from your 
friends that this is his determination I am resolved that you shall not be 
disappointed, provided you say to me, in proper authority that you wish 


1 Harris was overseer of Jackson’s Alabama plantation, situated near Florence. General 
Coffee and James Jackson lived on plantations in the same neighborhood. 


August, 1822 173 


your Gin up and runing say when you can be able to pay for the runing 
geer, provided it is done in Workemanlike manner. I hope you are aware 
that I will if it is left to me, make myself responsible, for it’s performance, 
but I hope you will not throw aney responsibillity on me for that parte 
managed by Others. I feell no hesitation in saying when I am Authoer- 
ised to build your Gin, that I can have it compleate by the first day of 
October, or before. Use your pleasure I will follow your Instructions 
if I am able, but trust you will not involve my situation as it respects my 
Crop. I know if it is left to my own management I can compleate the 
work with ease, say that an insermountable obsticle should be removed. 
By my conduct to you as my first friend I expect to stand or fall. I hope 
you will answer this as I conceave it all important. I would not say that 
these things could be effected without I am positive. I presume my crop 
will pay for gin provided we have men that will worke. I will deliver the 
Oxen to your Order, and pursue the Instructions. 

My Friend as it respects my Family, I have sen my darling Babes and 
will with your consent Bring them down, so soon as I can. mrs Harris 
says she is not disposed to live with [me] as man and wife, and I am 
determined to use no coersive measures. 

Present my Respects to Mrs Jackson, in the most feeling language. 

I Remain yours, with Gratitude, 


PS since the sealing of my letter the wagon has returned without 
corne, or so little it is no[t] worth mentioning. the Boy states there is no 
more there for me save too loads for meal. Please to say what is to be 


done. I must have some or my Oxen and Horses will perish 
yours etc. 


To AnpREW J. DoNnELsoN.* 


NASHVILLE, August 6, 1822. 

D’r Andrew, Since my last respects to you, I have the pleasure to ac- 
knowledge your two letters of the 22nd and 2ogth ult. which are now be- 
fore me. 

I did not vissit murfreesborough ? as was anticipated, nor do I intend; 
casually, it being hinted to me, that it was intended by some of my friends 
to bring my name before the nation, as a fit person to fill the Presidential 
chair, by a resolution of the Legislature, I declined going to the Legisla- 
ture at all, well knowing if I did, that it would be said by my enemies, 
that such a resolution was produced by my procurement. never having 
been a aplicant for any office I have filled, and having long since deter- 
mined that I never would, I intend in the presence instance to pursue the 
same independant, republican course, They [the] people have the right 
~ to elect whom they think proper, and every individual composing the re- 
public, when they people require his services, 1s bound to render it, re- 
gardless of his own opinion, of his unfitness for the office he is called to 
fill. 

I have recd many letters from every quarter of the united states on this 
subject; I have answered none, nor do I intend to answer any, I shall 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 
2 Murfreesborough was the capital of Tennessee from 1819 to 1825. 


174 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


leave the people free to adopt such course as they may think proper, and 
elect whom they choose, to fill the Presidential chair, without any influ- 
ence of mine exercised by me; I have only one wish on this subject, that 
they people of the united states may in their selection of an individual to 
fill the Presidential chair, do it with an eye solely to the prosperity of the 
union, the perpetuation of their own happiness, and the durability of 
their republican form of goverment, unbiased by the intrigues of design- 
ing Demagogues; if left free, to decide for themselves, uninfluenced by 
congressional caucuses, I have no doubt but they will make a happy 
choice. If they should permit themselves to be dictated to by a congres- 
sional caucus, then, as great a scounderal as william H Crawford might 
be elevated to the executive chair—contrary to the wish of a great major- 
ity of the people. Believe me my Dr Andrew that I never had a wish to 
be elevated to that station if I could, my sole ambition is to pass to my 
grave in retirement, But as the Legislature of my state has thought 
proper to bring my name forward without consulting me,* I mean to be 
silent—and let the people do as it seemeth good unto them. my enemies 
had at the city of washington circulated the report that I had no popu- 
larity in my own state, the resolution of the Legislature, will inform the 
nation with how much truth this has been circulated, and I suppose this, 
with other reasons, prompted the move to bring it forward, and has de- 
termined me to be silent. I have no business with it, it is now the prov- 
ince of the people to pronounce upon it, and this they shall do without 
any agency of mine. 

I have no doubt but it has alarmed some of the Kentuckians; and some 
of their great men, in their nightly dreams see the gosts of arbuthnot and 
Ambrister, and are frequently alarmed by the Indian prophets, and ex- 
claim “ save them their religion, save them their prophets ’’, and preserve 
to me the Presidential chair for which I have been intriguing, for many 
years, and when these Demagogues see the Public Journals throughout 
the union their fears and alarms will doubly increase, whilst I am, per- 
fectly at ease, regardless how they people may decide, having but one 
wish, that that decision, may prove beneficial to their own happiness. I 
am fast going out of life, but my fervent prayers are that our republican 
goverment may be perpetual, and the people alone by their Virtue, and in- 
dependant exercise of their free suffrage can make it perpetual. 

Present me affectionately to Crittenden and Butler, and when you re- 
ceive the letter from him it will give me pleasure to be informed of the 
arkansa publication. you remember Call wrote to Crittendon on the sub- 


ject of a scurrilous publication in the arkansa Gazzett—I never heard of 
the result. .n0. 


To CoLonEL JAMES GADSDEN. 


Hermirtace, August 9, 1822. 
Dear Gadsden, I have had the pleasure to receive your letters of the 
16th and 17th ult. with the inclosure of the 17th and on yesterday laid 


3 The resolutions passed July 20, 1822, by the (members of the i 
are printed in Bassett’s Jackson, I. 328. a ‘ cee omer 


August, 1822 175 


your letter before Colo. Butler. the inclosed note from Colo. Butler will 
inform you of his feelings and wishes on this subject; his letter I have 
therefore committed to the flames. I feel happy on the termination of 
those unpleasant feelings which had been excited by groundless reports 
between two friends which I had a right to believe cherished for each 
other, that pure friendship, which prevades none but the real virtuous 
breast. The late conduct of Colo. Butler when I sent you, to make known 
to him the project proposed to the Secratary of war, the object of which 
was to enable the Executive to bring you again into the Adjt Genl office, 
when disclosed, will convince you of his friendship for you—you say to 
me in yours of the 16th that Mr Calhoun has not recd the letter I adrest 
to [him].? This to me is unacountable, I wrote him on the 28th of June 
the same day I wrote you, and inclosed the one to you under cover to him 
(and as I believe under the same cover). Colo. Butlers letters were placed 
in the post office on the same day by me, with those to you and Mr Cal- 
houn but for reasons after the mail had closed—the one to you and Colo. 
B. to the Department referred to in mine were recd, it is strange that 
mine to Mr Calhoun miscarried, it was a private letter and marked pri- 
vate, and I believe under the same envelope that inclosed mine of the 28th 
to you. When I have the pleasure of seeing you, we will converse this 
thing over between ourselves. 

On taking a full view of the report of the military committee, seeing 
it contends that Butler or Jones were Legally entitled to fill the adjutant 
genl office and on this ground you were rejected, that Colo. Towson had 
been as well as yourself repected, and the President had given evidences 
of his intention of yielding to the wishes of the Senate, by bringing Colo. 
Towson into the pay department again, a way was opened as I believed for 
the Executive, to bring you into that office by the unanimous vote of the 
senate, and to have destroyed the intention of his enemies by their own 
weapons. Colo. Butler had tendered his resignation, which had not been 
accepted, he was by the report of the Senates committee Legally adjt Genl. 
it was only necessary therefore to have ordered Colo. Butler to the city 
as adjt Genl, at next session of Congress, this arrangement to have been 
laid before the Senate. Their own report debarred them from raising any 
objection to it, its confirmation was certain. So soon as that was done, 
Colo. Butler had the right to have resigned, as soon as he pleased, (which 
he certainly would have done) and the Executive had the right to bring 
you before the Senate to fill the vacancy occasioned by B. resignation. 
Under these circumstances those who had objected to your nomination 
upon legal grounds before, would have been under this circumstance com- 
pelled to approve, and having in the case of Colo. Towson Yielded to the 
wishes of the Senate as expressed in the report, I could see no impropriety 
in Mr Monroes yielding to it in the case of the adjt Genl; It appeared to 
be the wish of Mr Calhoune and Mr Monroe to continue you in that ap- 
pointment. I therefore after consulting Major Eaton and he approving, 
and Colo. B giving me assurance that he would conform to my wishes, I 
adressed the project to the Sec of War, with the assurance that Colo. 
Butler would, if ordered obay, it being understood that he should be per- 


1P, 164, ante. 
14 


176 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


mitted to resign as soon after the meeting of the First Congress as it could 
be convenient for him under existing circumstances to do so. 

I had written a letter recapitulating my letter of the 28th of June, which 
on the recpt of the answer to the letters by Colo. B. I destroyed and would 
not forward believing that the project had been received and not approved. 
I wish to see you, when I will fully unboosom myself to you, indeed I can- 
not understand, the modern course pursued by the Executive. I cannot 
foresee any plan but the one I proposed by which you can be brought into 
the office of adjt. Genl, and I am aware that Benton and Williams intend 
reviewing the investigation at the next meeting of Congress, their object 
to injure Calhoun. I inclose this to the care of Genl Gains at Louisville 
Kentuckey, and hope to see you shortly and believe me to be with great 
respect your real friend 


Ecpert Harris TO JACKSON. 


FRANKLIN, ALABAMA, August 13, 1822. 

D’r Genrall, I receaved yours yesterday dated the 3 of this month. I 
was abead and unable to ride with a heigh feaver of course could not go in 
purson to see Kemper, but my friend Jonhn Caffery mounted my Horse 
for the purpose of seeing him forme. when mr Caffery reachd the River, 
he met mr Crauford who stated to him that it was unecessary to see him 
as he had in the most positive language stated he could not commence 
your worke untill first of October if then, and that I had better Employ 
other Workemen. this is from mr Crawford to me, who is here at this 
time and the message sent by him to me from Kemper, which is tanta- 
mount to the conversation which passed between Kemper and me, a few 
days since. If my Helth was such that I could in Justice to myself ride 
as fare I would see him again though I deam it unecessary as he stated to 
me he did not conceave the contract a postive one, that he could not weight 
all the year for your work, he Expected to have done yours first—if at 
all and that he should commence major McKenlys. 

Speaking of your press timbers you say that I will find hughers among 
your hands. I can say in answer this job is a particular one and requires 
good hands. I have tryed argile and Lampson, the Old man who engaged 
to get the logs was sick and could not get them as soon as I wished to 
raise the House. I goot mr Crawford to assist in compleateing the Job, 
there was Only 8 to get. I gave mr Crawford 4 good hands he compleated 
that Job in too days, when the Old man did one day with another git 3 
without aney assistance, if this suits you It shall hereafter me. the too 
days in hughing with 4 hands besides himself and one day and % in 
raseing the Body of my gin House is all the assistance I have receaved 
from mr Crawford since you lift me. mr Crawford alone, commenced 
to day the drawing of the poles gotten for rafters. I state these facts that 
you may not be deceaved as I Judge from your letter that you think I 
have receaved aid from mr Crawford. I thought you knew mr Crawfords 
disposition. I looked upon him as your friend whom you wished to re- 
main here for purposes I knew nothing of. this Lot is one he engaged 


August, 1822 177 


of you and not me, Or I should have had the roof framed the same time 
I rased the Boddy, mr Crawford had nothing Else to do, for too months, 
this would have saved me trouble and Expedited your Business. 

These facts I state to you as my first friend that you may not be de- 
ceaved. I deam it a duty that I owe you, I will discharge that duty how- 
ever disagreeable it may be to my feeling. when he will finish the roof 
You can Judge, there has been no excuse for the want of meterials and 
shall be none so fare as I am autherised. the Old man I fear will not be 
able to worke in some time but I have gotten mr Caffery to assist too of 
my Boys in getten the shingles which I will compleate in a shorte time, 
long before they can be Used. I can Engeage a Workeman who will if the 
Carpenters worke is done have the Gin and Press up in due time, and in 
a workeman like manner. But sir say when your roof will be compleated 
I cannot. of course my workem[en] if engaged cannot be in fault for 
the neglegence of Others. I have Advised mr Crawford to hire hands and 
compleate the House. As to plank he told me he had Engaged goo feet at 
Fugans [ ?] mill. I suppose he thought it would be enough, and I presume 
he is a Judge. so soon as I receaved the Boat, I had it knocked to peaces 
and halled to the House where he had evry Oppertunity of measureing 
and seeing the plank, the sise of the House was known to him, I say noth- 
ing more at preasent. I have had a sevear attact of the feaver, mary is 
sick. But none of us dangerious, I can see my hands Occasionly. I am 
yours in the heighest turms of Respect 


EcBert Harris TO JACKSON. 


FRANKLIN, ALABAMA, August 24, 1822. 

D’r Genrall, I have this moment receaved yours dated 16th, 19 wherin 
you express some dissatisfaction on the parte of my not stateing posi- 
tively whether or not I had engaged a workeman, who would compleate 
your runing geer to the gin by the first of October. I can say to you that 
I stated to you the fact, I had not at that time made aney Positive engage- 
ment, But I have on the condition’s of your letter made, a Positive Con- 
tract with mr John Secress who will commence the worke the first of Sep- 
tember, and says he will have it compleate together with the Press by the 
fiftenth of October. The Purporte of the contract with mr Secress is this, 
That he will Execute the worke in the time specifyed provided neaver the 
less, that he together with his hands should not be sick all of which are 
at preasent in good Health, and that the worke when done he is willing 
It shall be if you require it, Valued by such workemen a[s] may be Judges, 
and be paid such prices as are custimary, the payments as stipulated in 
yours to me. this sir is the Postive contract with mr Secress, and me as 
your agent. On my Parte you will be the better Judge when you come 
out. to afford you satisfaction is my object. If I succeed It will afford 
me satisfaction, should I fail, I must submit to that cup which is near 
filled. My statements are Corect and can be attested by Others, I hope Sir 
you will recollect the pleadg that I made you of conducting your Business 
as though it was my Own, I shall proceed to do so as I have before. what 
can be will be, to the best of my skill. 


178 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Maney of [us] have been a little unwell but I hope we have taken our 
share. Be so good as to Preasent my respects to Mrs Jackson. 
I am yours Respectfully 


To Anprew J. DoNnELson.* 


Hermitace, August 28, 1822. 

D’r Andrew, I have Just recd yours of the roth instant, and you may 
rest assured, that the Presidential election, will not give me either trouble, 
or pain. I have not, nor do I mean to interfere in this thing, it is the act 
of the people by their Legislature in which I had no agency, and I mean 
they people shall pursue their own course, uninfluenced by me. I have no 
urgent business in which you could be employed usefully to me, I am 
lonesome at times, and could you receive the same benefit by reading here 
that you can there, it would be a great pleasure to have you with me, but 
as your education is my great object, I wish you to be the Judge, where 
you can derive the greatest benefit, and there, untill you finish your Law 
study I wish you to be. I wish you to decide this point for yourself, and 
on mature reflection advise me, and should you be of the opinion you can 
close you study with equal advantage here, I will send for you. on the 
20th instant I remitted you Two hundred dollars one hundred in each 
letter, Nashville paper, which I hope has reached you, and which will 
cover your present wants. It will at all times afford me pleasure to remit 
to you such sums, as will be necessary to finish your education. But my 
young friend, you must now reflect, that I have no means by which I can 
be in the receipt of money, but from the product of my farm, or the sale 
of my negroes. I name this to you that you may adopt oeconomy, but not 
parsimony—that your expences may be within my means 


ee, € «jee @ 


To Anprew J. DoneELson.* 


HERMITAGE, October 11, 1822. 

... + I hope your Lectures have commenced, I would like to learn 
the mode of Lecturing—from which I could form an opinion of their 
usefulness. I have no doubt the Litchfield institution,? from the age, and 
great experience of its professors, and the mode of Lecturing, is superior 
to yours, but as you are there, and I wish you to be with me in the spring 
and next summer, I wish you there to continue untill the present session 
is complete. Tam sure you can with due diligence and application improve 
yourself much. mr Barry and Bledsoe * are both men of talents—it is 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

* The “ Litchfield institution” was the noted law school at Litchfield, Conn., founded 
by Tapping Reeve in 1784 and conducted after his retirement in 1820 by James Gould 
and Jabez W. Huntington. It had during its career more than a thousand students, among 
Se John C. Calhoun, Levi Woodbury, Henry Baldwin, John M. Clayton, and John Y. 

ason. 

’ William T. Barry and Jesse Bledsoe were professors of law in Transylvania Uni- 
versity, Lexington, Ky. Barry was considered an eloquent speaker and had a political 
career. In 1825 he was made chief justice of the “New Court”, with Francis Preston 
Blair for clerk. Jackson made him postmaster general in 1829. In 1822 he served on a 


Kentucky committee to prepare a plan for a common school system for the state. See 
p. 156, ante, note 2. 


December, 1822 179 


true they both have been taken with the Bank-mania, which has realised 
the adage that there are no great men without their weaknesses. But as 
lawyers, unconnected with Politicks, they are both men of great talents. 
It is sheer Legal knowledge, abstracted from Politicks, that I wish you to 
learn—not the absurd doctrine that the Legislature is the people, when 
every child in politicks does know, that the Legislature is as much the 
agents of the people, as the executive and Judiciary. The Legislature are 
created by the constitution, their powers defined by it, and whenever it 
transcends its powers expressly given, its acts are void. The Judiciary 
being the check, their duty becomes imperious as the faithfull agents of 
the people, so to declare it. The Legislature are no more the people, than 
any other department of the Goverment established by the people, by the 
constitution for the benefit of the people, to do their business agreable to 
their letter of attorny, to[w]it, the constitution. But notwithstanding all 
this as lawyers, I think them men of great talents. ... . 


Joun H. Eaton To JAcKson. 


WasuHincTon, December 3, 1822. 

D’r Genl. Altho I have reached the City in safety, and been here for 
four days previous to the commencement of the Session so little of 
Courtly etiquette falls to my lot, that not yet has any the grand ones been 
visited; it grows out of no feeling of disrespect, but because in a place 
where all things are brought to standard value, I knew not if strict rule 
would sanction a frendly visit until the doors of Congress should be 
formally opened ; except therefore from information derived thro others, 
it is not in my power to say to you, how your old friends and acquain- 
tances in power may be. Rumor however proclaims them well; and while 
he who now fills the halls of the white House is slowly closing his eyes 
upon the rich trifles of the world, like an old father he stands surrounded 
by three full grown sons, each seeking the inheritance on his departure. 
Jno. Q. from the favours bestowed by the old man in his life time, has 
been deemed a favourite always: J. C.* however from being possessd of 
a sanguine temper sets up also pretensions to the inheritance. William * 
and the old gentleman you know, it has been reported are constantly dis- 
agreeing in opinion and are hence not quite so frendly, as father and son 
should be; be this as it may, it seems pretty well settled that the Virgima 
estate if not already done, will be apportioned to the Latter. 

Nothing like management and intrigue is yet begun, there has not been 
sufficient time; that we shall have a little of it is quite probable enough. 
To day we shall amidst a fast falling shower of snow, receive the Mes- 
sage, our text book for the winter. It will apprise us we are told, that the 
state of the Treasury is full and flush ; which if true will be very bad news 
to the radicals, the reformers of the abuses of a much injured people; the 
whole ground out of which to raise pitious lamentations before the nation 
will at a most desirable moment be quite taken away. Thus far have I 
scribbled merely by way of beginning, not having any thing necessary to 
be written about. .... 


1 Calhoun. 
2 Crawford. 


180 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


RoBERT JACKSON TO JACKSON. 


BriGHTON TOWNSHIP, BEAVER Co., PA., 
December 5, 1822. 

Dear General and freind, I am happy to inform you I am as Well as 
Can be Expected a man of my age Can be Supposd: I think I Was about 
17 When Your Father Started To the Land of Liberty: If you be the man 
[who] Was Born in Waxa Settlement South Carolina, Son of Andr [e]w 
Jackson and Elisabeth Hutchison his Wife, they had one Son Hugh (for 
his Grand father) they had one Son Born at Sea, Named Robert, the 3d 
Son of my Brother Was yourself (If you are the man I imajine). I had 
3 Letters from Carolina before my Brother Died: Since which I Never 
Received Any: Tho Since I Came To this Country I have Wrote To you; 
But I Suppose In the Various Scenes you have Been Engaged You Never 
got them: I agan Write Hoping you Will Answer Immediately If you 
Receiv it: and Let us know What family you have and Where you are 
fixed and generaly Reside? I Live Within 1 mile of Beavertown the 
County town and about 30 from Pittsburg, I have 2 Sons Andrew and 
James, Both marid, and 2 daughters Elisabeth and Jane Both marrid also 
(I Live with Jane) Shes is Married To my Brother Hu Jacksons Son 
his name is James: Andrew Jackson James Hu and Robert myself was 
the names of the Jacksons I Belong To and If you are of them, I want you 
To be So Kind as Immediately To Write the first oppertunity that Busi- 
ness Will permit you To do So: When you Write dirret To Robert Jack- 
son near Beavertown pensylvania; To the Care of Thomas Henry Sheriff 
of Beaver County: I Remain Dear, General your freind etc * 


McCoy anp CoMPANY TO JACKSON. 


NEw Or.Eans, December 13, 1822. 
General Andrew Jackson, 
Nashville, Tennessee, 

Dear Sir, Your Esteemed favor of 27th ulto. address’d to Our late 
firm, was duly received, And we regret, prospects being such, as not to 
Afford us more room to Offer You encouragement for the shipment of 
Your Crop for this market. The Very best selections from choice prime 
Louisiana Cotton, will not Command over 14 or 14% Cts. but it must be 
something superior to command exceeding 13 or 13% Cts. second qual- 
ity may be quoted at 12 or 12% cts, and 3rd at about 8 or 11 cts. None of 
the new Crop of Tennessee has Yet reached market. The best of the Old 
now remaining on hand will not command over 8 cts, and inferior from 
6 or 7 cts. The prime and best put up of the new crop would not now (if 
in market) command over 10 Cents to class, And Common crops not more 
than from 6 or 8 cts. As to an Advance or decline in price, there appears 
to be a Great Variety of Opinions. It is true, there must be an immense 
Amount of Produce of various kinds at market during the present season, 
Which, connected with the Circumstance of money being unusually 
scarce, one Would Argue no favourable results from shipments to that 


1It is to be regretted that Jackson gave no intimation of his opini i i 
‘ rette F pinion of this letter. It is 
indorsed, but not in his hand, “ Robert Jackson, claims relationship to General Jackson ”, 


December, 1822 181 


Market. Yet, believing as we do, that the demand must shortly increase, 
we Cannot Anticipate a further decline, On the Contrary, believe that if a 
change takes place, it must be favourable. After comparing the foregoing 
with the Offers You have had, You Can best judge of the propriety of a 
shipment. We Can Only pledge Our best exertions in the promotion of 
Your interest should you Conclude upon it. With Great respect, we 
remain, 


JAMES STEWART AND COMPANY TO JACKSON. 


NASHVILLE, December 17, 1822. 
Genl Andrew Jackson 

Dear Sir. Your esteemed favr by Mr Donnaldson is at hand. 

Since we last address’d you* we have Receivd advices from our mu- 
tual friends Wm Kenner and Co of the most discouraging kind in rela- 
tion to Cotton. Their advise is not to exceed Six Cents, for best Tennes- 
see Cotton. But as we have engagements to meet to the Eastward we are 
in some measure Compelled to purchase. 

We would therefore propose to purchase your Cotton in this State and 
Alabama on the following terms if they meet your views. We will give 
you 8 cts pr. lb for the Cotton in Alabama and 8% for what you have at 
home, The Alabama Cotton to be deliverd to us on the Tennessee River 
by the 15th of Jany, That part which you have at home as soon as prac- 
ticable. We will Pay you $1000 between this time and the 2oth of next 
month and ask of you 6 months time to pay the Balance. Our reason for 
requiring this indulgence is that one of our firm will go on to Philada. to 
purchase goods in the Course of the winter, and some little Credit would 
be a matter of great accommodation. 

If the above propositions are acceed[ed] to, you will please inform us, 
and draw on us at any time for $500. We remain Your Obt. Serv. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, December 21, 1822. 

.. .. What do you do with your cotton this year, do you ship it, 
should I not sell, will you have mine shipped with yours. I have said to 
Mr Parsons when the cotton is bailed advise you, and you will order what 
is to be done with it. I have wrote some time since to McCoy and Scallen, 
but have recd no answer yet. If I can sell below for eleven cents, I will 
ship. exchange at Nashville is rising, the holders of our baggs will have 
to bid up or they will get no cotton. I do not believe we ought to take less 
than 12 cents in these baggs that are depreciating daily. however I shall 
write you shortly, on this and other subjects, in the mean time if Mr Par- 
sons gets the cotton ready, and is about to move in make him deliver at 
the river in some warehouse, or deposit on the bank under cover. what 
will Rapier and Simpson give. enquire and write me. say to them I 
have requested the question to be asked... . . 


1On Dec. 10 the firm offered Jackson the Nashville price for his cotton, a little more 
than eight cents a pound. A letter dated Dec. 25 informs us that they bought jackson’s 
Tennessee cotton at the price named by Jackson, and thought they would take the crop 
on his Alabama plantation. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


182 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, December 27, 1822. 

D’r Genl, I wrote you by Mr Barksdale, but a letter this moment re- 
ceived from Mr Parsons asking me what he will do with the cotton when 
bailed, induces me to write you again. I find from Mr Parsons account 
of the cotton, Mr Harris must have very much deceived me. Harris 
stated that there were thirty thousand in the house. This I did not believe, 
but I supposed there was twenty thousand and thirty in the field. Mr Par- 
sons says he has all ginned and bailed that has been picked, in all seven- 
teen bales, which cannot amount to more than seven thousand, which 
would be in the seed about twenty five thousand. I do not suppose, will get 
out more than six or eight bales. I have wrote Mr Parsons to apply to you 
for instructions what to do with it when bailed. I may sell, if I can get ten 
cents for it. I wish you however to ship it with little Andrew J. Hutch- 
ings if an opportunity offers, unless you should receive farther advice 
from me, before an opportunity of shipping offers, and instruct the house 
to whom you ship (I suppose Bedford) to sell the first markett that offers 
at ten cents advising him that it is Andrews J. Hutchings and to do the best 
for him. I believe I can get ten cents here for it, giving to the first of 
June next. advise me whether I ought to take it, by the next mail after 
the receipt of this. your friends are all well. Mrs J. Donelson, last Mon- 
day got an unfortunate fall, sprained her ancle which has confined her, 
she has suffered some pain with it, but I hope will soon recover from it. 
Mr Eastons little ones, are well, the infant growing finely. Mrs J and 
myself tender to you, Polly, and the family, the joys of the season, with 
our best wishes. your friend 


JacKson’s FARMING IMPLEMENTS. 


HERMITAGE, January 8, 1823. 
1 Dagon Plough, 5 Single Ploughs, 2 Double Ploughs, 1 Colter Plough, 
3 pare of Streacher, 1 half inch augur, I two inch augur, 1 five quarter 
augur, I Chissel, 1 Crosscut Saw, 3 Scythe and Cr[a]dle, 1 Stone augur, 
I augur and wheel, I ramer, 3 Clevises, I two rule, 1 foot adds, 7 Single 
trees, 6 pare of haymes, Io axes, 2 mattux, 9 hoes, 1 Ploughhoe, 5 Pare 
of trases, 1 hansaw, 1 Crowbar, 1 Sledge hamer, 1 hand hamer, 1 Pare of 
wegges, I mortisin axe, 1 drawing knife, 2 pare of lockchains, * horned 
cattle 39 head grown, and four oxen, 23 calves, 63 head grown sheep, 11 5 
head of Hoggs. 
recd January 8th from Andrew Jackson as his overseer, to be carefully 
kept and supperintended as such—the within farming utensils and above 
stock, and plantation Tools. 
ALEX BARKSDALE 
[Indorsement in Jackson’s handwriting:] Memorandom of farming 
Tools etc. etc. and stock recd by A. Barksdale as overseer, for 1822. 5 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


1 From this point to the end the memorandum is in Jackson’ iti 
; I : : s handwriting. 
1s written in column, but is here consolidated in print. Goythepubole 


January, 1823 183 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN CoFFEE.' 


HERMITAGE, January I0, 1823. 

Dear Genl, I have just received your letter of the Ist instant and re- 
gret to learn that your two youngest has the whooping cough, but as it 
appears here of a mild kind trust in god that they will speedily recover 
from it. permit me to recommend a free use of cotton seed tea, it is the 
most sovereign and safe remedy that can be applied. I never knew it to 
fail of a happy effect when applied. the seed must be put in a bag to pre- 
vent a mixture of the lint with the tea, a little bruised, and well boiled. 

I regret much the delay of Parsons and the hands there. they are much 
wanted here to prepare for another crop, particularly as all there cabins 
will have to be made after they come in, as I find it as much as my hands 
does here to get firewood, feed the stock and bale the cotton. I would 
thank you to write a line to Mr Parsons, to leave the crop if it is not 
housed before this reaches you, as I wrote him to let Mr Winston have it 
on shares for picking out, which I suppose his overseer would not agree 
to take or he would have advised me of his being on the way. I want him 
here as I cannot attend to the hands in inclement weather. I cannot sell 
my cotton there to any merchant here on terms that I think would be do- 
ing justice to my little ward, have made an agreement with Major George 
Martin that he is to have the cotton, or the proceeds thereof, at orleans, 
he being accountable for the exchange at the time the cotton is sold, on 
such exchange as you and him may think is equitable in the month of 
March next. it is now in Nashville at 25 pr cent premium. should cotton 
rise in price exchange will decline, if cotton declines, exchange will still 
rise. My object is to contract with the Major on fair terms, so that he will 
loose nothing and justice will be done to my little ward Hutchings. 

I feel a desire from a full exposure of his situation and that of his 
mother and brother, to let him have the use of the proceeds of this cotton 
to the first of June next, and still longer should it be in my power to let him 
have it longer. it will be the means to establish his credit in Philadelphia 
for punctuality, and make him progress with his mercantile views with 
safety and advantage. I leave it with you and him to determine to whom 
to ship it at Neworleans. I should prefer to have it sold from on board 
the boat as the drayage, warfage and storage is a very great deduction 
from the present prices. I leave this to you and him to erange as the more 
it neats the better for him as well as me and the sooner he can use the pro- 
ceed the better for him. The Major will secure the payment. you have 
not said whether your assembly has risen. if it has, Colo Winston is at 
home, and will I suppose be prepared to deliver the negroes, and in due 
time take up his notes. The negroes I have determined to deliver over to 
“Mr Nicholson for A. J. Hutchings, you will please to have them vallued 
by such men as will be satisfactory to those I have to account. I will risque 
the suit of old Bennett, and endeavor to be prepared to purchase in the 
land when sold that has been forfeited. I hope Colo Winston will be punc- 
tual as part of the money I will need to finally close my accounts here. I 
will be happy to hear from you as soon as you hear from Colo Winston, 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


184 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


and can advise me of the prospects of the payments by him. I write in 
haste, will write you again shortly. Major Martin will out in a few days. 
I hope my cotton will be all 1eady by the time he reaches you. .... 


To Henry BALDWIN." 


HERMITAGE, January 24, 1823. 

D’r Sir, I had on last evening the pleasure of receiving your letter of 
the 2d instant. upon the Subject to which it refers I have hitherto avoided 
speaking, and should still have continued in that course but for the frank- 
ness of your letter. 

The course ever pursued by me and which I have allways thought con- 
genial with the republican principles of my country, was on no occasion 
to solicit for office; but at the same [time] not to decline any public de- 
mand made upon my services. I have heretofore pursued this course and 
I am now too far advanced in life, to attempt any differrent one. For the 
efforts it has been in my power to make for my country, and which have 
in some respects I hope proved beneficial, I have nothing to ask—nothing 
~ to claim: satisfied that on all occasions my principle object was fully to 
perform my duty, I shall be amply satisfied, if my exertions shall be so 
appreciated, as to enable me, to bear with me in retirement the confidence 
and good opinion of the virtuous and well deserving of the comunity. 

I might venture the assertion that my portion of public service has been 
performed, If twelve years exposure to fatigue and numerous privations 
can warrent the expression [and that] Under this sentiment I had gone 
into retirement with a desire rather to be a spectator, than actor in the 
passing scenes of life. The Legislature of Tennessee have ventured to 
present me to the public as one to be voted for at the next presidential 
election: in this they did nct consult me: it was but a further manifes- 
tation of the regard which on more than one occasion they have shewn 
me, and from a knowledge of my political creed that the services of every 
man belonged to the country, when that country demanded it, they in- 
ferred that while none should solicit, so none should decline when called 
to act. Under this view I could not complain, that my name was sub- 
mitted by them to the consideration of my countrymen, or entertain the 
thought of refusing a situation where my services might by possibility be 
deemed usefull.? 

At whatever period my country may require my services they shall be, 
as they ever have been, freely extended. It is the principle upon which I 
have uniformly acted—one from which I shall never depart. 

I am Sir with sincere regard, and great respect, your mo. obdt. servt. 


1 Draft. Henry Baldwin was M. C. from Pennsylvania 1817-1822, associate justice of the 
Supreme Court 1830-1844. 

2In his letter, dated Jan. 1, 1823, Baldwin had said: “It is unnecessary for me to 
say how fully the general sentiment in this part of the country coincides with mine or with 
what pleasure I shall contribute my most active efforts for your success. will you then 
permit me to ask you whether your friends may calculate on your acquiessence in their 
most earnest wishes and your consent to their exertions. Your answer shall be considered 


confidential or otherwise as you may think proper to direct me.” Bu 
Patchell to Jackson, p. 263, post. tl SoS 


February, 1823 185 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL RicHarp K. Catt.? 


HERMITAGE, February 3, 1823. 

Dear Call. I have just received your letter of the 23rd Decbr. last and 
yours of the 15th of the same month accompanying one from Mr. Manuel 
with his memorial and affidavits. These I have preposed to forward to 
Major Eaton although I have just received his letter advising me that he 
has recd one from you on the subject of those claims and stating that it is 
useless to forward them. 

In looking over the letters and reports of Sept. October and November 
1814 and Col. Bentons communications who in Sept. and October com- 
manded at Ft. Montgomery Capt. Boyles and Mr. Collen come up under 
the pretext of buying cattle; about that time all the cattle in the neighbor- 
hood of Chrispo cowpens west side of the perdido were carried away by 
Indians and great quanities from Alabama river above Ft. Montgomery. 

Two persons asserted that Mr. Collens and Boyles were endevouring to 
obtain supplies for the Indians and British—Boyles was confined and sent 
to Mobile, and I believe Collens was also detained and it was reported that 
he was a contractor for furnishing Pensacola with Beef. 

On my march to Pensacola a fresh trail of cattle was discovered divert- 
ing its course toward Pensacola. The Spanish Guard at Capt. Boyles was 
surprised and captured and six Indians killed and Boyle taken by me as 
a guide. Then we received information that this drove of cattle had been 
secreted in a bend of the perdido on the east side. A detachment was sent 
after them with orders to pursue the trail collect and bring them in. This 
order was executed—the cattle returned to the contractor with orders to 
kill for the Army such as might be fit and to spare it to the army on proper 
returns, to keep the marks and brands and pay the owners for the Beef 
Slaughtered and return the Stock Cattle to the proper owners. The 
greater part of those Cattle were claimed by Citizens of the United States 
returned to them and the slaughtered paid for by the Contractors or re- 
ported to me. 

These cattle having been drove from the territory of the U. States there 
trail followed and regainded, should any of Mr. Manuels Cattle have been 
found with them, and slaughtered, the contractor having got full returns 
for the beef and ordered to pay for it, will have to be looked to for re- 
numeration. all these facts are before congress, if the call is made, and 
Col. Benton in the Senate. Therefore I have no idea that the claim will 
be admitted. Major Blue Commanded the Indians. I never heard that a 
solitary horse had been brought away by them, and indeed it is not likely 
that the red sticks would leave any horses west of the escambia when they 
had so much need for them and when they had sole contract and posses- 
sion of that country so long. From these facts you can say to Mr. Manuel, 
all I can do is to send them to Major Eaton, my report of these facts, are 
in the hands of the Government. 

Before this reaches you, you will have been advised that King and Kelly 
are elected Senators for Alabama, I regret that our friend, Coll King 


1 Sold in Stan. V. Henkels’s sale, 1922. See Catalogue no. 1316, item 103. Call was now 
brigadier-general in the Florida militia. 


186 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


could not have been brought in. Walkers resignation was kept secret and 
Kelly only heard of it and rejoined to the Assembly and arrived there only 
three days before the election.? The plan to favour the views of the Secre- 
tary of the Treasury has failed, but it was a hard contest—still I believe 
many votes were given for Crawford and McKinly * by men not in the 
support of the Sec. of the Treasury. ... . 


To AnpREW J. DoNELSON.* 


HermirtaGE, February 8, 1823. 

_... [should have replied to your letter containing a report of the 
action of debt prosecuted by you and recovered before the moot court, but 
I have been waiting for the report of the second case promised. I would 
barely remark here, that-your arguments would have been conclusive, and 
well founded, had Kentucky have been an independant goverment ; * then 
she (the people) would have had not only a right to have made any con- 
stitution of Goverment the[y] pleased, and to have made any thing mony 
the people authorised the Legislature under their constitution, but it never 
ought to be forgotten that the state of Kentucky is only a part of the 
people of the u states who has formed a Goverment for the whole in which 
constitution it is declared, “‘ that no state shall coin mony, or make any 
thing a tender in the payment of debts but gold and silver coin”’. I will 
barely ask under this expressed declaration of the whole, can Kentucky 
as a part of the union, make paper money; again, what is the bills of Ken- 
tucky admitting the state had the power constitutionally to emit them— 
are they mony, or only evidence of a debt, as all promisory notes are. 

The State of Kentucky in Issuing these bills, do it in their corporate 
capacity, and if a suit was brought against the State on one of these notes, 
the action of debt would well lie, because the state in its corporate capacity, 
has promised to pay so many dollars, which is the legal currency of the 
U States, and its vallue certain, but quere—when a corporate body Issues 
their promisory notes can the notes thus Issued be considered as mony— 
or in any other light than promisory and negotiable notes by an individual, 
and would an action of debt be sustained in strict parlance of law, 
against B, who had promised to deliver to A by writing under seal, the 


? The first senators elected from Alabama (1819) were William R. King, afterward 
elected vice-president with Pierce, and John W. Walker. King was re-elected, as here 
indicated. Walker resigned in December, 1822, and William Kelly was elected in his place. 
The Colonel King to whom Jackson refers was Col. William King, formerly commander 
i 4th Infantry, who had been “honorably discharged ” June 1, 1821. See p. 123, ante, 
note 4. 

° John McKinley, afterward senator, 1826-1831, associate justice of the U. S. Supreme 
Court 1837-1852. 

1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


? At this time Kentucky was in the midst of her “ relief” agitation. This movement 
was a wild plunge into fiat money and was carried through over the protest of the courts. 
It resulted in the bankruptcy of one state-of-Kentucky bank and dominated Kentucky 
politics for nearly a decade. It is well discussed in a brief compass in W. G. Sumner 
Life of Jackson, ch. VI. The relief movement got a foothold in Tennessee in 1820, but 
in the following year it encountered the opposition of the state’s supreme court and dis- 
appeared. Jackson was consistently opposed to this form of “ relief”, 


February, 1823 187 


promisory notes of C, for one hundred dollars, would not covenant be 
the proper action and if without seal an action on the case—and if B, had 
placed in the hands of A, one hundred dollars of the notes of C, and 
taken his note for safe keeping and delivery, an action of detenue. These 
are merely hints for your reflection upon the case decided, which will lead 
you to enquire into the political situation of our country, its constitution, 
and its laws, and also in what cases debt, detenue, covenant, or case, may 
be the proper action. Kentucky being a party to the social compact of the 
union, cannot pass laws inconsistant with the fundamental terms of that 
compact (constitution) but is bound by it, and any act of Kentucky in 
contradiction to the express terms of that compact is void, not voidable, 
but absolutely void—hence her attempt to make paper, momvy is void, or to 
emit bills of credit forbiden by the constitution of the united states, which 
all Judges of the State are sworn to support, and bound by that oath to 
declare void. 

I have only given those hints with a view that you may keep them in 
mind untill we meet, when we can converse at large on this subject—least 
the wild speculative notions of the past and present day of Kentucky, 
might lead you into political error, before your mind was properly pre- 
pared to form a Judgment for yourself with which you would be pleased 
with, on mature reflection. I am sincerely gratified to find that the good 
sense of the people of Kentucky are looking back upon their proflicacy and 
folly, and uniting the wisdom of the state, in a grand effort to restore 
themselves to that exalted state that it ocupied nine years ago. It will take 
twenty years to regain that exalted station as a state which it has lost by 
the new fangled projects of wild speculators and unsound politicians. 


. 


Isaac L. BAKER TO JACKSON. 


New Or eans, February 14, 1823. 
Dear General, Mr. Clays friends a few days since made a most desper- 
ate effort to have him nominated as president of the U. S. by our Legis- 
lature. Notice was formally given that on a particular day a motion for a 
recess would be made with a view to nominate a successor to James 
Monroe. Your friends who are quite numerous and very respectable pre- 
vented any thing from being done, for the mover when the day came 
only found three or four of his own way of thinking and declined the 
affair entirely. Your friends for the present will not advocate a caucus. 
Before the People of this state you have nothing to fear from the result 
should you continue a candidate and for the present the opinions of the 
present members are so difficult to get at, that we think it rather unwise 
to risque a cau[c]us untill we see our way more clearly. Mr. clay’s friends 

are in despair and talk with less confidence than two weeks ago. ... - 


SECRETARY ADAMS TO JACKSON. 


DEPARTMENT OF STATE, WASHINGTON, February 19, 1823. 
Sir, I have the honor of transmitting to you, by direction of the Presi- 
dent of the United States, a commission as Envoy Extraordinary and 


188 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Minister Plenipotentiary to Mexico. Should this appointment meet your 
acceptance, the credential Letter and Instructions will be prepared in such 
time as it may suit your convenience to proceed upon the mission. Such 
arrangements with regard to the payment of the outfit will be made, as 
may be agreeable to you. Permit me to express my own hopes, that our 
Country may on this occasion have the benefit of your services, and to 
assure you of the high respect with which I am, Sir, your very humble 
and obedt. servt. 


To PRESIDENT MONROE.” 


HERMITAGE, February 19, 1823. 

Dear Sir, I have the pleasure to acknowledge the recpt. of your letter 
of the 30th ult. which has Just reached me, advising of my nomination to, 
and confirmation by the Senate of the United States, as envoy extraordi- 
nary, and minister plenipotentiary to Mexico. I shall allways view this as 
an aditional proof of your friendship towards me, and as a further proof 
of my countries confidence in my integrity as a public officer, and as such 
I duly appreciate it, altho I cannot accept of the appointment conferred 
for several reasons. Some of which I will state. Under the present revo- 
lutionary state of Mexico, caused by the despotic acts of Iturbide whose 
tyranic yoke the republicans under Victoria are endeav[oring] to shake 
off, it appears to me that the app[ointment] of a minister from the 
United States at [present] would prove detrimental to the cause [of] 
freedom in that country, and might [aid] Tyrant Iturbide * in rivitting the 
chain [of] Despotism upon his country. I never can [be]come the in- 
strument, however innocently, [of] Tyranny to oppress a people who of 
right ought to be free, and whose freedom is so important to the United 
States. was I to go there my feelings would be so different from the Em- 
perors, that it would be impossible for our sentiments to accord, and evil 
instead of benefit to my country might grow out of it, and I have made it a 
uniform rule of my conduct never to accept a public station where it did 
appear to me I could render no benefit to my country. Added to this 
Mrs Jackson could not be prevailed upon to go to that country ; to seperate 
again from her for two, or more years, when the interest of my country 
does not imperiously call upon me to make this sacrafice, when this trust 
can as well, if not better, be performed by another, all which will I hope 
be considered by you and my country sufficient reasons for declining it. 

Under all circumstances, it is no small gratification to me, to find from 
your letter that there is no obligation on me to accept, otherwise than may 
be alltogether in accordance with my own views, and wishes, the appoint- 
ment being made without consulting me. Major Eaton had advised me of 
your consultation with him on the subject of nominating me to the Senate, 
and your friendly views; My answer to him will have shewn, that I fully 
appreciate your friendly intention [a]ltho I could not accept the appoint- 
ment, [wh ich he will have made known to you. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Monroe MSS. 
2 Agustin Iturbide, crowned emperor of Mexico in July, 1822, deposed in March, 1823. 


February, 1823 189 


I have recd a letter from Mr Poinsette * [giv ]ing his views of the pres- 
ent disturbed [sta]te of Mexico, which fully confirms other [ac]counts 
from there; and shews the propriety of the view I have taken of it, and 
confirms me in the idea that it might prove detrimental to the republican 
interest by sending out a minister under existing circumstance, and Mr 
Poinsetts ideas, I think, well worthy of your mature deliberation. 

Mrs. Jackson begs through you, to present to Mrs Monroe and Mrs 
Hay, her affectionate regard, and believe me to be with sincere friendship 


and respect 
at Yr most obdt. servt.* 


To H. W. Peterson.’ 


NASHVILLE, February 23, 1823. 

Sir, Your letter of the 3d instant, with the Harrisburgh paper entitled 
the Commonwealth, containing the address you have alluded to, has been 
this day received. The complimentary manner in which my fellow citi- 
sens of Pensylvania have been pleased to notice my military services, and 
their voluntary expressions of respect and confidence in me, has excited 
on my part a proper sense of gratitude. 

As a member of a Committee appointed to draft an address to the 
People of the U S on the subject of the next Presidential election, and by 
the request of that Committee you ask to be informed “ whether I can or 
do approve of my “ name being used at this time as a candidate for the 
Presidency of the U States’? I shd have consulted my own feelings by 
continuing to avoid speaking on the subject but the respectable source 
from whence the inquiry emenates, prohibits any but a candid notice of 
your communication. My undeviating rule of conduct through life, and 
which I have and shall ever deem as congenial with the true Republican 
principles of government, has been neither to seek, or decline public invi- 
tations to office. For the services which I may have rendered and which 
have, it is hoped, proved in a degree beneficial to my country 1 have noth- 
ing to ask. They are richly repaid with the confidence and good opinion 
of the virtuous and well deserving part of the community. I have only 
essayed to discharge a debt which every man owes his country when her 
rights are invaded: and if twelve years exposure to fatigue and numerous 
privations can warrant the expression: I may venture to assert that my 
portion of public service has been performed and that with this impres- 
sion I had retired from the busy scenes of public life: with a desire to be 


a spectator merely of passing events. 


8 Joel R. Poinsett, M. C. from South Carolina 1821-1825, minister to Mexico 1825-1820, 
Secretary of War 1837-1841. : é 
~ 4On his refusal of the appointment to Mexico Jackson had this to say in a letter of 
Mar. 3, 1823, to E. G. W. Butler: “I have declined the mission to Mexico. I could be 
of no benefit to my country there, and in the present state of revolution, a minister. from 
the United States to present credentials to the tyrant Iturbide, might strengthen him on 
his tottering\ throne, and aid him in riveting the chains of despotism upon the Mexican 


people. I can never do an act to aid tyranny and oppression—I have therefore declined.” 
(See Gayarré, Sketch of General Jackson by Himself, 1857.) James Gadsden confirmed 
the view that Jackson refused because of Poinsett’s advice (De Bow’s Review, XXIII. 
eke Seems to be the handwriting of Maj. W. B. Lewis. 5 , 

2 Peterson’s letter of Feb. 3, 1823, announced that “a few days since ” a meeting at 
Harrisburg, Pa., had unanimously nominated Jackson as a candidate for the presidency. 


190 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The office of Chief Magistrate of the Union is one of great resp nsi- 
bility; as it should not be sought by any Individual of the Republic? so it 
cannot with propriety be declined when offered by those who have the 
power of selection. It is interresting to the American People alone and in 
the election they should exercise their free and unbiased judgement. It 
was with these impressions I presume and without any consultation with 
me, that the Members of the Legislature of the State of Tennessee as an 
additional testimony of their confidence in me: thought proper to present 
my name to the consideration of the American community. My political 
creed prompts me to leave the affair uninfluenced by any expression on 
my part: and to the free will of those who have alone the right to de- 
cide. Yr 


To AnpRrEW J. DoNELSON.’* 


HermitacE, March 5, 1823. 

.... The course you pointed out was precisely the one [that] was 
recommended to Daniel by me, and for this purpose consulted his grand- 
mother, and was advised by mr Saunders, that she disapproved of his 
going to Yale College, if he left the m. academy. In my last, I advised you 
I had personally seen her and she appeared quite willing to aid me in giv- 
ing him the same education that you have recd and is now receiving, but 
mr Saunders was silent when consulted by me, observing that he hoped 
he had concluded to remain at the m. academy 

On the subject of the sale of his land if it had been necessary for the 
completion of his education I perfectly accorded with you, but knowing 
as I did that his grandfather was bound of record to give him a liberal 
education I did think it was not fair, that Danl should be compelled to sell 
his land to do that, that, I would have cheerfully done for him, had he 
been left under my care where he had been placed by the consent of his 
mother, and before I would resign him even to his grandfather, in whom 
I had every confidence, I had a record made that could not be altered, and 
I did know that your father was by agreement with your grandfather en- 
titled to 1280 acres of land where he settled, and the 640 acres bequeathed 
to you and him was as little, as could be. It was this that gave rise to my 
expressions in my letter, and to be plain I was determined that he should 
receive a liberal education without the sale of his land—if I paid it out of 
my own means. I know the vallue of a real education, I set out that you 
all three should receive it, and nothing but the want of means shall pre- 
vent it, and I trust in a kind providence that he will not deprive me of the 
means to carry into effect such a praiseworthy object. 

I have recd no answer to my letter from Daniel, I cannot account 
for this. I wish you to write him, to write me freely his wishes, if he is 
still disatisfied at the m. academy tell him from me, that he shall be sup- 
ported at Yale college, and from the military school to go direct there, 
where I will remit him the means to remain there. still I would be grati- 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. Daniel was a brother of Andrew Jackson 
Donelson. His grandmother opposed his desire to leave the academy at West Point to 
enter Yale College, Jackson got her consent, but it was given reluctantly. The letter 
shows Jackson’s interest in education. 


March, 1823 191 


fied if he could remain contentedly at the M academy. I believe it the best 
school in the world, but without he is contented there, it is useless to keep 
him there, discon[ten]ted he cannot improve his mind. write him freely 
and frankly what I here request you. I urged him to answer my letter on 
its receipt—this he has not done and I fear he has taken up wrong im- 
pressions, that is to say, that, I, wish him to remain there fearfull of the 
pittance that would be required to finish his education at Yale College. 
assure him that this is not the fact—my whole advice was bottomed on 
his future wellfare and when he sees his grandmother she will thus in- 
TOTALS, oa nm 


REBECCA BRONAUGH TO JACKSON. 


ABINGDON, VaA., March 7, 1823. 

. . . . | would not sell Dick for ten times his value unless he is unwill- 
ing to return to me, and I would not separate him and his wife on any 
consideration. My dear and much lamented son mentiond in his first let- 
ter from Pensacola that Dick had married a wife and as he could not bear 
the idia of parting man and wife he had bought her. I have as many ser- 
vants as I have any use for but as it was the wish of my beloved child 
that I should have his servants I will take them if they wish to come to me, 
and I leave it entirely to yourself when to send them and in what man- 


JoHN RHEA TO JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, March 7, 1823. 

Dear General, I received your letter of the 17th of last month, and on 
the day I received it I went to the president and agreeably to the liberty 
you gave to me, I put it in his hands and he read it. he told me he had 
written to you on the subject. that letter I suppose you have received. I 
think you have done right in not accepting the appointment.* You might 
however have visited that Country and returned when you pleased. I 
however do approve of your remaining in Tennessee, and more so be- 
cause I believe it is most agreeable to Mrs Jackson, to whom be pleased 
to remember me in the most respectful manner. I am hastening to get 
through with business of my constituents, that I may get away from here. 


accept my best wishes j 
your friend and servt 


1 Dr. J. C. Bronaugh died in Pensacola, Sept. 2, 1822. Dick was his personal servant. 
This letter illustrates one phase of the relation between slave and master. Jackson took 
charge of his deceased friend’s belongings and forwarded them to Mrs. Bronaugh. 

— 1Jn connection with Jackson’s refusal to be minister to Mexico, the following letter 
from Abner L. Duncan, of New Orleans, to James Gadsden, Jackson’s intimate friend, 
July 5, 1823, is interesting to students of political methods: “The Mexican Govt owes 
me some 80 to one hundred thousand Dollars. The wise ones say, now that Genl. Jackson 
has rejected the appointment, it will probably be offered to Louisiana. Some of my friends 
say you understand the three languages, that is, French English and Spanish. You have 
contributed to the Independence of that Govt. You would be gladly recd. as Minister and 
although you are not much of a democrat the folks at Washington might be disposed to 
confide in you. Could not my friend Gadsden sound our worthy friend Genl. Jackson 


on the subject?” 
15 


192 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, March 10, 1823. 

_... I find froma letter recd from our friend Mr James Jackson, that 
he begins to see the combination of parties, between Mr Crawford and 
Clay. the latter, through his friends made great exertions to obtain a 
nomination by the Louisiana Legislature. my friend writes me, when the 
day came there was but three could be mustered in his favour, and pos- 
poned the meeting. my friend also writes me, that Governor Carroll has 
been writing to some members there, that Clay will get a unanimous vote 
in Tennessee. I mean the first opportunity to shew the Governor this 
letter, which is all the notice I mean to take of him. his friends shall also 
see it, and I suppose the individuals of Tennessee will inquire by what 
right he attempted to give the lye to the expression of the Legislature of 
the state. should the people take up the subject in the south, and west, as 
they have in Pennsylvania, they will soon undeceive Mr Clays friends. if 
the people of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, follow the example of 
Pennsylvania, they will place Clay and Crawford where they ultimately 
will be, Dehors the political combat, but their intrigues are united, and 
their friends are industrious. 

It is true I was appointed Envoy extraordinary and minister to Mexico, 
but it is equally true that I declined excepting it. In the present revolu- 
tionary state of Mexico, no good could be brought about for my country, 
an american minister going there and presenting his credentials to Itur- 
bide at present, might add much to his strength and enable him to rivet 
the chains of Despotism upon that part of the country, and I hate bowing 
toa Tyrant. again I am not desirous to treat with ghosts, and I hope ere 
this Iturbide has lost his head, for these and other reasons which I named 
to Mr Monroe I declined 


oe 8 e 


To SECRETARY ADAMS.? 


HERMITAGE, March 15, 1823. 

Sir, I have received your letter of the 19th ulto, and with it the com- 
mission as Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Mexico. 

While I recognise in this act of my Government a further proof of its 
approbation of my official conduct heretofore; and of a continuation of 
that confidence, still for various reasons, which have been communicated 
in a letter to Mr Monroe, I cannot in justice to myself or country consent 
to act on this mission. 

The present unhappy revoluntionary state of Mexico; with an op- 
pressed People struggling for their liberties, against an Emperor whom 
they have branded with the epithets of Usurper and Tyrant, convinces me 
that no minister from the U States could at this period effect any benefi- 
cial treaty for his country, and of the impolicy of a Republican Represen- 
tative at a court, which might be construed as countenancing the Empire 
in opposition to a Republic. The People of Mexico in their honest efforts 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1 Copy. 


March, 1823 193 


for freedom command my warmest sympathies, and their success is inti- 
mately connected with the ultimate and general triumph of these liberal 
principles for which our Revolutionary worthies bled, and which now 
form the pride and boast of United America. With these feelings and 
wishes and which I believe to be in unison with my fellow citisens; you 
may readily conceive that my situation at Mexico would be embarrassing 
to me independent of the conviction that I was rendering service to my 
country. To render service could alone constitute any motive for again 
acting in a public capacity. 

The President has been kind enough to say that not having consulted 
me before he made the nomination it is not oblicatory on me to accept: but 
that I will act as meets my convenience and approbation. The reasons 
stated above will shew that in consulting my own feelings I have not been 
uninfluenced by considerations connected with the best interests of my 
country. Yours 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


WasHincTon, March 30, 1823. 

My dear Sir, Incessant application to official duties since the com- 
mencement of the late session of Congress compelled me to suspend wholly 
my private correspondence, which I hope you will accept as an apology 
for not acknowledging your favour of the 12th Decr. last, at an earlier 
period. 

I find few with whom, I accord so fully in relation to political subjects, 
as yourself. I have a thorough conviction, that the noble maxim of your’s, 
to do right and fear not is the very basis, not only of Republicanism, 
according to its true acceptation, but of all political virtue; and, that he 
who acts on it, must in the end prevail. The political gamblers will fail. 
The cause of the Georgian is, if I mistake not, rapidly declining. It has 
no foundation in truth, and can only be proped, by false pretenses. Should 
he fail in New York, as I think he must, he will have not the least prospect 
of success. 

Mr Clay, I think, is not advancing on this side of the mountains, tho’ 
his friends speak confidently of his strength to the West. They expect 
him to be nominated in Louis[i]ana, during this session. 

Our news from Europe has been interesting, and I expect will be still 

more so by the next arrival. It is not improbable, that a mighty contest 
has commenced there not for commerce, or territory, but to crush any 
vestige of liberty on the continent of Europe. In its progress, it will prob- 
ably approach our shores, as Cuba will be involved in all likelyhood in 
‘the course of events. That England looks to that Island; and will be 
ready to seize on it, if a favourable opportunity offers, can hardly be 
doubted, and that such an event would be full of danger to this union, is 
not less clear. I deem the moment important, and do think the country 
ought to be prepared for the worst. Without Cuba our confederacy is not 
complete; and with it in the hands of the English, the best line of com- 
munication between the entrance ports, would be intercepted. 


194 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Say to Col Gadsden, if you please, that I will write him in a few days ; 
and that the President has selected him to treat with the Indians in 
Florida, which I hope he may find convenient to accept. I think his chance 
of being confirmed as adjutant genl at the next session is good. 

With sincere respect and esteem 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HermiracE, April 15, 1823. 

. . . . Inclosed I send you a production sent from the neighborhood 
of Mobile to a friend of mine in this state who has inclosed it to me with 
a view to its insertion in a Nashville paper. I think it better calculated for 
the meridian of Alabama, and if you think proper you can hand it to Mr 
Fulton for his inspection and publication if thought worthy of a place in 
the Florence Gazette. The eastern papers team with the Presidential ques- 
tion and pennsylvania has taken her course, The public journals their 
stand, and disect, disapprove, and approve of the character and conduct 
of the different candidates at pleasure, and with great freedom. Virginia 
as yet has not declared for any, a new paper has been established in Rich- 
mond in opposition to the enquirer and in opposition to Mr. Crawford.* 
Virginia will not support Clay. if he cannot get New York or Pennsyl- 
vania to support him he must withdraw. Pennsylvania will not, and New 
York it is said will follow in her wake, some say she will support Mr 
Adams, this I think the most probable. I have been expecting Mr James 
Jackson for a long time. I have a great desire to see him on our private 
business. Darby has, and is still using his quill with much severity, he 
has brought down the anger of many in Nashville, but stands well with 
the people.* some (I know not who) has brought him out before the people 
for the assembly, this has alarmed some, and put Judge Overton in a great 
state of fretfulness. I have heretofore witheld Darbys pen from the abuse 
of the Judge, nevertheless he said the other day it was thought by the 
people that I was patronising him, that I had lost Grundys friendship, or 
at least Grundy would be silent. in the mean time Judge Grundy is pro- 
fessing great friendship to me, and proposing great plans to which I gave 
no countenance. I mean therefore to say to Darby I have nothing to do 
with you, in either controling your pen or advising you how or what way 
to pursue your course, that my name is not to be coupled with any of your 
investigations and abuse, and let them and Darby manage their business 
their own way, and I do expect Darby will down the whole. he has got 
hold of some things that is well qualified to injure the Judge and to iden- 
tify him with a verry corrupt combination to destroy Darby and change 
the uniform decision of the Supreme court on the subject of the statute 
of Limitations. This I have had influence enough over Darby to have laid 
to sleep heretofore, but Darby having as he says got fresh proof and the 
Judge as he says continuing his secrete plans to injure him, that unless 
the Judge does disist from interference with him he will expose him in the 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


2 The Constitutional Whig (afterward the Richmond Whig), publication of which was 
begun early in 1824 by John Hampden Pleasants. 
3 Darby had lately succeeded T. G. Bradford as editor of the Clarion. 


May, 1823 195 


papers. therefore I have determined hereafter to let each take their own 
course. I have given the Judge the advice of a sincere friend he may adopt 
it or not as he pleases and I am done. he cannot suppose that Darby will 
tamely lay himself down for a few to trample upon without resistance, 
and the Judge will find that the people will support Darby, if he confines 
himself to facts, and makes cut his case. Darby says that he has advice 
that the Judge drew the law at Nashville, enclosed it to Mr Miller at 
Knoxville before the meeting of the Legislature. Haywood writes a mem- 
ber that the Judges must be put down (that is those who decided contrary 
to him, Judge White and Emerson) or that they would put down the 
people. the law is passed judges are selected and to be catichised to know 
how they will decide before voted for.* If he proves this combination, he 
will make them all wish they had let these things alone. I have heard of 
packing juries before, but an attempt by few to inveigle a Legislature to 
pack a court, I never heard before. Such are the pictures of matters here. 


Isaac L. BAKER TO JACKSON. 


St. MarTINnsvILte, La., May 3, 1823. 

. . . . | wrote to you from Natchez that all was safe and so it was as 
far as a poor set of poor devils could be relied on. The day after my re- 
turn to the Legislature notice of another caucus for the next day was 
given. Overton Davezac and myself turned out at once and counted noses. 
We could not have asked a more favorable result for it appeared out of 
about sixty members we had at least forty with us. Next morning to our 
great surprize we found two or three who had always been with us had 
gone over to the Enemy’s camp. We then made a severer scrutiny and 
found our majority still large. at night when we met things had changed 
a little, tho we were still strongest by ten or twelve. Mazurau* and all 
your Enemies had been hard at work all day. Many of them spoke the 
language of a large majority of the members perfectly, Knew better how 
to opperate on them and did all they could. Davezac in a most able speech 
opposed the Caucus. He spoke in English and was followed by Mazurau 
on the other side in French. I rose to answer him, but the instant I got up 
the opposition started their resolutions round the Tables to get signatures 
and by dint of persuasion and persecution got some twenty odd signers. 
In the preamble to the Resolutions in favour of Clay there was a vast deal 
in your praise with the view solely of deceiving your friends. This trick 


4In 1821, in Harris and Holmes v. the Lessee of Bledsoe’s Heirs, the Supreme Court of 
Tennessee (Judges Whyte and Emmerson, Haywood dissenting) construed an act of 1797 
‘respecting land titles in a sense adverse to many doubtful claims of residents of Tennessee 
as against more regular claims of non-residents. In 1822 Judge Emmerson resigned. The 
legislature chose a successor holding the more popular view and added temporarily a fourth 
judge, and in 1823, in Barton v. Shall, the unpopular decision was reversed. 1 Peck 214, 
234; Clayton, History of Davidson County, p. 104. eee 

1 The writing is not distinct. Probably Etienne Mazureau is indicated. Maj, Auguste 
Davezac was with Jackson in the defense of New Orleans in 1815 and contifiued his loyal 
friend afterwards. General Overton, whose son John is here mentioned, was one of the 
old citizens of West Tennessee and a firm friend of Jackson. 


196 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


got them some support. For two or three days after they made every ex- 
ertion in their power to get more signatures and at last wonderful to re- 
late they got thirty four. These names are sent forth upon the world as 
the deliberations of members in caucus. They were no such thing. In the 
caucus if a vote had been taken in the usual manner mr Clay would not 
have been nominated. They broke up the meeting of their own accord, 
and no vote was taken notwithstanding the pompous signatures of their 
president and secretary. It was all a trick. Overton told me he had long 
since written a letter to his father (or some other friend in Nashville) 
giving an account of the whole which I hope was published. Overton and 
I made some publications in the Orleans Gazette which was sent which 
placed the transactions in their proper light. In this state it makes no im- 
pression. The people know nothing of mr Clay and are not for him. 
Of twenty seven Americans in the Legislature there are only six or seven 
who were prevailed on to sign his resolutions. It is hard to say how the 
French will go but the Americans are decidedly against mr Clay. 

Rouffignac (by Duralde’s influence) is for Clay, but he is your friend 
and after clay will be warm for you. Duncan Livingston and Grymes did 
nothing in your favour.’ It was not right in them, but as it was they did 
not choose to act. Davezac is true and the only one of the French mem- 
bers who sticks to you thro good and evil Report, if we except Rost a fine 
young man from Nackitosh * who was not present at the caucus. General 
Overton ought to be proud of his son John. He is a man of fine genius, 
as yet a little too wild, but one who will come out exceedingly well in the 
end. He was as true as steel to you throughout the whole year. 

In this poor state of Louisiana we have so many rascally adventurers 
who will do any thing for office that they only look to who is strongest to 
declare themselves. Should Clay and Crawford compromise as you think 
Crawford cannot get any vote here. I do not believe twenty men can be 
found in the state favorable to him. He is generally and justly detested. 
I certainly heard it said often before the Caucus as coming from Gover- 
nor Carroll * that Clay would get the vote of Tennessee. Those who re- 
ported it may have done so for electioneering purposes but when I recol- 
lected the old John R. Bedford business I was strongly inclined to put 
faith in it. Should Pennsylvania declare for you you will stand the best 
chance for if there is a chance of success; the people are so strongly 
against you that all the west will be yours and most of the south. 

For the part I have taken in this state I have been much assailed in 
public and private, but it matters not. I glory in such calumny. You have 
been a warm and useful friend to me and as long as I can serve you you 
shall not find me seeking shelter under the standard of your Enemies as 
some others do who have perhaps more regard to their interest than repu- 
tation Do me the favour to write to me often. Since I begun this I have 
been so often interrupted that I have delayed till the post is starting with- 


2 Abner L. Duncan, Edward Livingston, and John R. Grymes; but Rouffi 
Duralde, and Rost have not been identified. : £ . ier. De 
3 Natchitoches. 
4Governor William Carroll, of Tennessee. 


May, 1823 197 


out touching on many points Events justify the view you took of mexi- 
can affairs. The republicans have prevailed and Iturbide is a prisoner. 


The american people may thank you that our government never paid court 
to the scoundrel. .... 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, May 24, 1823. 

Dear Genl, I red by the hands of our mutual friend Capt Savage your 
letter of the 7th instant enclosing four hundred dollars in United States 
notes and four hundred in Tennessee notes the amount paid you by Colo 
Winston on my account for which receive my thanks. I had sat down to 
write you about two weeks ago. I commenced my letter with the informa- 
tion of my fine prospect of my cotton crop, this was on saturday. whilst 
writing I was interrupted by company who remained with me untill Tues- 
day, which days were cool and cloudy. I resumed my letter on Tuesday, 
but thought before I would conclude my flattering prospects of a cotton 
crop I would view it, and I never saw such ravages committed as had been 
on my cotton for those three days. I cast my letter into the fire with deter- 
mination not to write untill I could see the real stand. Mr Parsons has got 
over the greatest part of my cotton the second time, it has just began to 
grow, the most part from six to eight leaves, and I believe I may now ven- 
ture to say I will have a tolerable stand, part stands well, and some is 
thin. I think that now the worms will cease and the cotton quit dying, 
if so, I may with a favourable season, hope for a good crop. My corn is 
good, Mr Parsons has gone over twice with the plows and hoes the old 
ground. the new ground not planted, but all ready once cooltered, and 
twice plowed, this is intended for a pumkin crop, as well as corn. My 
plantation is in good order 160 acres of corn mostly knee high, not as 
good a stand as I could wish, the crows squirrells and pigeons has been 
very bad. I must say that I think Parsons one of the best managers I ever 
saw, he has more system and gets on with more ease than any overseer I 
ever had. I am happy to hear that the weather with you is good, and your 
hopes of good crops, flattering. My health has not been so good for about 
a fortnight, I am better, but I have had to loose a good deal of blood, and 
to take Harrodsburgh salts? every other day for a fortnight, my cough 
has abated but I am a good deal pestered with it yet. the paign in my 
breast, side and left shoulder was unusually severe. I intend to vissit you 
in July with Mrs J and spend a few days with you, the travel may be bene- 
ficial. 

I could not detain my friend Savage but one night. I gave him a letter 
_ to our friend Simpson Harris, with a request that he would introduce him 
to his daughter Mrs DePriest. he appeared to express a desire to be- 
come acquainted with her, and it gave me great pleasure to be the instru- 
ment of making her acquainted with go good a man. I think our friend 
has some thought of changing his situation. 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
2 Magnesium and calcium sulphates. 


198 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The pension business has created considerable feeling (I am told) about 
Nashville and through the country. I have verry little doubt but it will 
be the means of electing Darby to the Legislature. his enemies could not 
have added more to his popularity than by the measures and ways they 
have adopted. another piece against him in the wigg * containing another 
anonymous letter would send him to congress, or make him governor of 
the state; This with Mr Grundy on the court of inquiry has roused public 
sentiment, believing there is a combination between the secretary, Bank 
directors, and pension agents, to put him down. it matters not whether 
this is true or not, it is enough that they people think so. It was unfor- 
tunate for Mr Grundy that he had anything to do with it; it will loose him 
votes and that many. 

Mrs J with our little ones and Mrs Donelson join me in our best salu- 
tations to you, your lady, and amiable family, to whom present us, and 
believe me your friend. 


MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT WITH WILLIAM T. L. HARWELL. 


June 11, 1823. 

memorandom of an agreement entered into between William T. L. 
Harwell and Andrew Jackson both of the county of Davidson and State 
of Tennessee witnesseth, That the said Harwell representing himself to 
be a rough Carpenter understanding the art of hewing timber, framing 
and covering houses, making doors, and windows and laying floors, and 
erecting the runner Geers of a ginn, and post and railing, gate making 
and the like—The said Andrew having a barn to repair a mill and ginn 
house to remove and erect, gates to make and post and railing to do on 
the farm whereon he now lives, has employed the said Harwell for one 
year to do and perform the abovementioned Labour and macanic work, 
which the said Harwell has undertaken to do and perform in an indus- 
trious and faithfull manner, or any other work and labour that the said 
Andrew Jackson has to do about the improvement of his said farm for 
the space of one year from the thirteen day of the present month for which 
the said Andrew is to pay him the sum of three hundred dollars, in the fol- 
lowing manner, and to find him in Board and washing, and a negro girl 
to mend his cloaths if needed—that is to say in merchandize to the amount 
of what cloathing he may want for himself—a good horse and saddle and 
the ballance in current Bank notes of Nashville at the end of the year. on 
the said Harwell having performed his labour in a faithfull and indus- 
trious manner, In witness whereof we have interchangeable set our hands 
and seals this 7th day of January 1807. 


P. S. If the above parties cannot agree about the Vallue of the horse, 
then the horse is to be Vallued by Frank Sander of Davidson county. 
[signatures | 
[Indorsement in Jackson's handwriting:] This 11th June 1823 then 
settled with Wm. T. L. Harwell and gave him a due bill in full for his 
labour to this date and in full of this agreement. 


Wo T L Harwetu 


8 The Nashville Whig, established in 1812. 


July, 1823 199 


CoLonEL Cuar es P. Tutt To JACKSON. 


Locust Hitt, Loupoun Co., Va., June 24, 1823. 
Majr. Genl. Andrew Jackson 

D’r sir, I arrived safely at home about the middle of April and should 
have much earlier apprised you of the safe arrival of Doctr. Bronaughs 
property,’ but have been prevented heretofore from doing so by a variety 
of circumstances, having now however a leisure moment I avail myself 
of it to give you the necessary information. I directed Dick to proceed 
from Lebanon to Bean’s Station—the small boy and riding horse I took 
with me through Kentuckey. on my arrival at Bean’s Station, I found 
that Dick had not arrived, although he ought to have been there several 
days before, ‘he however arrived that night—he then informed me that 
he could not possibly travel more than twenty miles a day. my anxiety to 
reach home would not permit me to travel at that rate, I therefore em- 
ployed a waggoner to take charge of them and deliver them in Winchester 
which he did from whence they got safely home. the cariole gave out 
entirely shortly after they entered Virginia. the balance of the money in 
my hands after defraying the expenses, to wit, about $174 and some cents 
which as Mrs. Bronaughs rect. is not before me, I cannot exactly state, 
was paid to her order. 

Our Congressional Elections here have terminated very much as I ex- 
pected with the exception of Genl. Alexer. Smyth, whom I had no doubt 
would have been left at home. from all I can see and learn it appears to 
me that Virginia will support Mr. Crawford for the next Presidency, not 
from any great love or regard they have for him but because he has 
pleased in some way her delegation in Congress. as to yourself My Dear 
sir I need not say that you are universally esteemed by the people and if 
the election was by districts the result would be different. Your enemies 
too are very industrious, they have labored hard to produce an impres- 
sion, that you were a man governed alone by Passion and impulse. cannot 
something be done to counteract their Views—your personal acquain- 
tances and friends do all they can but they are not sufficient in number to 
turn the scale. Be pleased to remember me most affectionately to my 
friend Genl. Houston. Accept my thanks for your civility and kindness 
when at your house. 


With best respects to Mrs. Jackson 
I am most Respectfully 


GENERAL RicHARD G. DUNLAP TO JACKSON. 
KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE, July 2, 1823. 
Dear Sir, I am aware, from present exigencies, that you have been 
troubled, with this kind of letter politeness — judging as I do from the 
usual arts of man. But as I am now, what I have been, since you have 
had a cause before this nation, I claim an exemption, in the matter, to 
which my letter shall relate, of all motives, tending to my personal intrest. 
I will give you a brief statement, of the rise and progress of things, in 
this place, to enable, you more easily, to understand the object I have in 


1 See p. 191, ante. 


200 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


veiw. I came to this place in the summer of 1819 and found the place, in 
commotion, which rose out of a struggle between your friends and ene- 
mies. The former have been faithfull and vigilant and grown, to an ap- 
paling sise, in the sight of the latter, who have weakened as rapidly, as 
their dark designs and duplicity have vanished, when the light of truth 
exposed thier deperviety. ; 

The first object of your friends here, was, to rescue your reputation 
from calumny and place it, (where it before, stood) above the reach of 
the malevolent. This was done, by scurging those, who vilely assailed your 
character, under the cover of the coward’s shield; and long before your 
nomination to the presidency by the Tennessee legislature. Among those 
who aided to prostrate, Colo Williams, and his idle W. H. Crafford * who 
dared to satiate the vengence of mean souls, upon your paid for, repu- 
tation, W. G. Blount was the first and last. 

Your nomination to the presidency, has been of subsequent origin and 
in fact was viewed of minor importance, to the warding off, those deadly 
blows which were aim[ed] at your standing: and now can be use[d] as 
a means by which, pay can be had for former injuries. “ A change how 
sad!’”’ Though not to me, its truly melancolly notwhthstanding. “ An- 
guish rends the heart” but still your friends feel a soothing comfort. 

To be or not to be, is the awfull struggle with the colo, and not to be, 
is what I’m for.? Things seemed to have been, under the guidance of 
heaven, all going on smoothly, for the defeat of the horse shoe Colo.— 
until the ancient and late hon. Mr Rhea diclined a reelection in his dis- 
trict, without a vale dictore, which to me bespeaks a spliting of friends. 
My great anxiety for success, may have so tortured my immagination, 
that it has wrongfully begot this difficulty. But should it exist, it ought in 
my opinion to be checked in the bud. Mr Rhea is considered superanu- 
ated and will not be near so strong as W. G. Blount in East Tennessee. 
the same objection will hold good in the west. Mr Blount has long been 
spoken of as a candidate for the senate, and in this county the test of the 
present election, is somewhat, between the Colo. and him. Should Rhea 
be a candidate, your advice, for him to retire, will not only save him from 
the pain of defeat, but will secure the Colo, in his fair claim to retirement, 
tho not with the same honor. 

Your friend 

I do not request an answer. 

N. B. Ihave not shewn this letter to any person. 


R. G. D. 
CoLONEL JAMES GADSDEN TO JACKSON. 


St. AUGUSTINE, July 30, 1823. 
. . .. Tam happy to hear of the prospects in the Political world; 
though I do not rely so much on the influence of newspaper articles as 


17, e., idol W. H. Crawford. 


? Col. John Williams was senator from Tennessee and was up for re-election. He was 
conspicuously opposed to Jackson, whose friends felt it necessary to defeat him. It was 
finally decided to run Jackson against him as the only man in the state who could put 
Williams down. The scheme succeeded. On this election see W. B. Lewis’s account in 
Parton’s Jackson, III. 21-23. 


July, 1823 201 


you appear to do. The men most assailed and with most justice often 
succeed best politically. It arises either from the effect of political excite- 
ment which blinds the judgement and induces a population to follow their 
leader right or wrong; or from a total absence of virtue and patriotism in 
the community. Those under the latter denomination have been appro- 
priately designated as Radicals. Men who are for themselves; who fight 
under no banner: who regard not the good of their country but only look 
to their individual agrandisement. To such Mr C d has appealed 
and with effect; for there is no man who in any way contributes to his 
elevation that does not expect an equivalent in return. His friends, with 
all the disclosures which have been made, are still confident: vigilant and 
active. They have in view their single object: their party is well organ- 
ised and they move in concert. There is no doubt that the party opposed 
to Mr Crawford could triumph if they were united: but we find them 
divided between yourself: Calhoun and Adams. There ought therefore 
to be an understanding between the friends of you three so as ultimately 
to unite on the one whose election can be secured. You are gaining 
strength da[i]ly: and could the appeal be brought directly to the People 
I entertain no doubts of your election. The Politicians however are not 
so friendly and for the obvious reason you have made them no promises. 
There is a want of virtue among these men; I know not however that is 
peculiar to our country we find it every where and has been the cause 
hitherto of the destruction of governments. ... . 


SECRETARY CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


War DEPARTMENT, July 31, 1823. 

My dear Sir, Such is my confidence in your judgement and character, 
that I am always happy to be put in possession of your views on any point 
connected with the publick interest. Your knowledge of the Indian char- 
acter enables you to speak with great certainty of the probable effect of 
any measure on them; and with this impression, the whole of your sug- 
gestions in relation to the pending treaty with the Indians in Florida, 
would have been carried into effect, if there was sufficient time. As the 
treaty will be held in Sept. it will be impossible to move the troops from 
Baton Rouge to Tampa Bay, as you suggest. All of the other points will 
be attended to. I have great confidence in the Comrs, particularly our 
friend, and I am very solicitious for their success. . . . . 

I have no doubt that your impression of a mutual sympathy between 
the friends of Mr Clay and Mr Crawford is correct. The latter calcu- 
lating on it, is using all of his art to persuade the former to withdraw in 
his favour, by which means if it can be effected, he hopes to obtain great 
~ additional strength in a Congressional caucus, to which his hopes are 
almost exclusively directed. No one can exceed him in management, and 
if the election can be made to depend on a caucus, he will be formidable. 
I do not think, that Clay has any strength on this side of the mountains. 
He cannot take Pennsylvania; and has but a very slender, prospect in 
New York. His strength, however, and Mr Crawfords’ combined would 


1The commissioners who made the treaty of Sept. 18, 1823, with the Florida Indians 
were William P. Duval, James Gadsden, and Bernardo Segui. 


202 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


require some effort to defeat. I do hope that we shall never present the 
example of coalition, intrigue, or management advancing any citizen to 
the highest honor of the country. The influence of such an example would 
be pernicious in the extreme. If the people can be cheated, they will not be 
served. Virtuous servants would be discouraged and the unprincipled only 
would thrive. In this point of view, I consider the crisis as an all impor- 
tant one. I cannot doubt the result. As far as my experience extends the 
good sense and virtue of the people may safely be relied on; and | feel a 
confidence that the result of the present struggle will tend to confirm in 
a virtuous political course, and repress the opposite. 
I will at all times be happy to hear from you. 
Sincerely 


To SECRETARY CALHOUN. 


HERMITAGE, August, 1823.7 

Dear Sir. I have had the pleasure to receive yr. letter of the 31st Ult., 
from which I am happy to find you have given to the commissioners ap- 
pointed to Treat with the Florida Indians all necessary means that was in 
the power of the Goverment to ensure success. This I hope may enable 
them to concentrate and locate the F Indians at such a point as will pro- 
mote their happiness and prosperity and at the same time, afford to that 
Territory a dense population between them and the ocean which will 
afford protection and peace to all. The result of the investigation in Mr. 
Cantrills case has terminated as I expected from the facts disclosed, and 
altho I sincerely regret, that any man in Mr. Cantrills situation should so 
far forget the golden rule to do unto others, as, he would the[y] should 
do unto him, I am happy we have an administration, that where its offi- 
cers act improperly it will apply a corrective. our society has been much 
demoralised, by our paper banking system, and its corrupting influence 
has been no where felt more seriously and banefully than in this country. 
the result of this enquiry will be beneficially felt in a moral point of view. 

Mr. Crutcher is a very honest man, and the only reason why I did not 
sugest his appointment was, that he was Treasurer of the state,? and our 
constitution declares, that no individual shall hold two lucrative officees 
at one and the same time; and I did believe if the letter of our state con- 
stitution, in his appointment and acceptance was not violated, the spirit 
was infringed. I therefore sugested the appointment of Mr. Dun, know- 
ing him to be an honest man and in no wise connected with banks, he lives 
about a mile or a mile and half from Nashville, acted for many years 
sheriff and has allways settled his publick accounts promptly. 

I much regret to see the Gloom that hangs over the affairs of Spain, 


1 The letter is without date, but it is in reply to Calhoun’s dated July 31, 1823. 

Thomas Crutchen, since 1803 one of the two treasurers of Tennessee. Calhoun 
gave the appointment (for paying pensions) to him. 

8 The Spanish revolution of 1820 aroused much enthusiasm in the United States. By 
1823 its fate was sealed through the action of France, supported by Russia, Austria, and 
Prussia. On Apr. 7 a French army entered Spain. May 23 it occupied Matirid, and by 
Oct. 1 it was triumphant with the surrender of the liberals to the king. Then began a 
period of severity and vengeance on the liberals which shocked the friends of self- 
government in all parts of the world. 


August, 1823 203 


but I trust her leaders may be faithfull to the constitution, and if so, all 
the bribery of the holy alliance cannot put out the spark of freedom there 
lighted. The Castilian spirit will shortly electrify the whole nation and 
unite them, if this happens, from Mina’s * position, the French army must 
be destroyed. I rejoice to see the independent spirit that prevades the 
Cortes, should they be able to keep up the spirit of resistance three months 
longer, the Spanish nation will be safe, the Tyranny and opp[r]Jession of 
its enemies will unite them, and rouse the spirit of the nation to a success- 
full resistance—but Should I be mistaken, should the Spanish nation suc- 
cumb to the will of its invaders we must prepare for defence, we will not 
be left in the peacefull and undisturbed enjoyment of our liberties ; amer- 
ica has given birth to civil liberty, and from it, the whole globe will ere 
long be electrified, unless the combined efforts of the Despots in urope can 
extinguish it in america, as well as else where. The King and nobility of 
England in heart and wishes unite with the other despots, and will only 
give aid to Spain when coerced by the strong current of Public opp[in]ion 
there. should spain be prostrated it is not Cuba alone but south and north 
america, that will be placed in a critical situation and we ought to prepare 
for defence, Cuba should not be permitted to fall into the hands of any 
uropean power. our aid can prevent it, and we ought not to hesitate on 
this subject it is too closely allied to our own safety and prosperity as a 
nation. 

The view I gave you of the understanding of Mr. Clay and Mr. Craw- 
fords friends, I thought was correct, but the former will not openly now 
withdraw in favour of Mr. Crawford, and if he was, he could not 
strengthen the latter in the west. Mr. Crawford can have no hope of suc- 
cess but in a congressional caucus, and even then the western people could 
not be brought to act in concert with it, I do believe that a congressional 
caucus would destroy the election of any man whose name is before the 
nation. Mr. Clay has no chance of being elected as it is believed by the 
best informed, and Mr. Crawford has no interest that can benefit him, 
west of the mountain. 

I have great relience on the good sense and virtue of the people, and I 
hope with yourself that coalition intrigue and management will never 
place a citizen in the highest office in the gift of the people to bestow. But 
from the exertions that has been and are still making in favour of Mr. C. 
we have a right to believe that coalition and intrigue is sta[]]king abroad 
through our land, with manly strides and the whole exertions of the vir- 
tuous portion of the people will be required to put it down, in their exer- 
tions I have full confidence at present, and therefore feel satisfied that 
Mr. C. with all his intrigue and patronage that the Treasury has aforded 
him cannot succeed, and this will be a happy result for the nation. But 
altho I have great confidence in the virtue of the people, still from local 
precedants we have a right to fear that the people in some parts have be- 
come degenerate and demoralised, in the county in which I live one of 
the most flagitious charectors of his day has been returned to represent us 


4Don Francisco Espoz y Mina, who commanded for the liberals in Catalonia. He 
was compelled to surrender to the French. 


204 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


in the State Legislature, once a fugitive from Justice. This was owing 
to his wealth and to the Bank influence; arguing from thence, what might 
not the influence of the Patronage of the Treasury produce. 

a str{a]lightforward course, taking virtue and independence for our 
guide, leaving the people to themselves, uninfluenced by any thing but 
their own reason and they will allways decide right. I hope they will in 
the next Presidential election. I am very respectfully yr friend 


To BrRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, August 22, 1823. 

.... I have just recd your kind letter of the 18th instant and thank 
you for the information it contains. I have this moment addressed a let- 
ter to Doctor Bedford on the subject. 

A few days after my return I was vissitted by Mr Bolton merchant 
from New York just from Neworleans, who informed me the bagging 
at orleans was plenty and had fell to 23 cents per yard at six months credit 
and if I was to address the house of Kenner and Co it would furnish me. 
I have wrote accordingly and ordered 500 yards, if I get this I will not 
want for myself, but for Andrew. I have thus wrote the Doctor. If 1am 
disappointed, I have said to him if he will call on me on his journey to 
Lexington I will make erangements with him for a supply. 

I regret the drouth with you, it has rained constantly here since my re- 
turn, cumberland up and also stones river, and the fodder much injured by 
the continued rains. 

I have been so crowded with company since my return that I have not 
had leisure to attend to anything and now snatch a moment to write you. 
will you have the goodness to say to Nicholson laying every thing else 
aside, as soon as his cotton is open to push all the hands at picking it out. 

I have noted the insolence of Bell, should you see him, just say to him 
it is probable I shall be out in all Decbr and if he wishes to serve a writ 
upon me about the well I will come out that he may do so, as I have a 
great desire to expose his wickedness and villainous attempt to cheat and 
impose upon the orphant. such a villain ought to be drove out of any 
country. If you see Mr Nicholson and he should get water, say to him 
not to permit Bell to draw a drop from the well nor to come within his 
enclosures. i.c0. 


COLONEL Epwarp WarD To JAcKsoN.' 


' NASHVILLE, August 25, 1823. 
Dear Sir. I have just this moment rece[i]ved your Letter by Genl 
Houston. I am very sorry I missd of an opportunity of conversing with 
you relative to the propriety of Parson Hodges’s return. I had just as I 
left home received a Letter from the Parson, in answer to one I some time 
ago wrote to him on that subject. I wrote to him that I thought he ought 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

1 Col. Edward Ward was Jackson’s near neighbor. This letter shows that the two 
men were interested in the support of a church in the neighborhood of the Hermitage and 
that plans were in mind for building a church. See letter to Mrs. Jackson, Dec. 21 1823 
post. See also p. 117. ’ ‘ 


September, 1823 205 


to return, that our neighbours in general wishd it, and that I was of Opin- 
ion, that a more liberal spirit, for the support of the preaching the Gospel, 
prevailed with us now, than did when he left us. I shall again write to 
him as soon as I reach my Farm to the same effect. I feel much at a loss 
what to say about the best mode of raising a Salery for our minister. I 
fear we should make but a small progress that way by selling Seats. I 
cannot think of more than 12 or fifteen persons that would purchase Seats, 
and from the very good neighbourhood feelings that prevail with us, there’ 
would be no competition excited in the sale of them. The consequence 
would be that the Seats would sell, just for as little as each person would 
think proper to bid for them. I am fearful that a plan of this sort is not 
well calculated for the Country, particularly in a thinly populated neigh- 
bourhood like ours; further more I should fear that it would not be gen- 
erally pleasing, and might frequently operate against the attendance of 
persons, not immediately interested in, or connected with the Church. 
I on the whole am of opinion that it will be best, to pay our parson thro 
private subscription. A Church being built, and a parson engaged regu- 
larly to preach in it, will draw from our neighbours a liberal contribution. 
Whatever plans may be adopted by the neighbourhood for the support of 
the preaching of the Gospel, I will with promptitude subscribe to. As to 
the Rye you want, with pleasure I will furnish you, and wish you to be 
at no trouble to procure it by way of returning, that quantity will produce 
no inconvenience with me. I know not whether any is thrashed out; but 
it will be prepared for you when calld for. Inclosed is a note to my Over- 
seer on the Subject. 
With great respect and friendship 


Joun McNarry TO JACKSON. 


NASHVILLE, September 3, 1823. 
Confidential 
Dear Genl., Our mutual friend Mr. Joseph Phillips rests with his 
Fathers and I entertain no doubt, but that he enjoys the blessings, prom- 
ised by the author of all good to peacemakers. his kind offices (as you 
know) has afforded me the opportunity of writing you this note. 
Unanimity and friendship is all important to all goverments, but more 
especially to this republic, and gives the highest relish to private life, your 
magnanimous mind puts the highest estimate upon it. Will you therefore, 
Sir, permit me to use my feeble efforts, to bring about a reconciliation be- 
tween you and Colo. John Williams and thereby united not only him, but 
all his amiable connections in the sweets of harmony with you* 
I know I am medling with a very delicate subject, being totally unau- 
‘thorised, and cool calculating prudence would have forbidden me to write, 
but I concluded that if it did no good, it could do no harm, and I assure 
myself that you will not ascribe to it any improper motive. On another 
subject I have some reason to believe now, that I can do something to- 
wards a compromise of the law suit with Colo. Erwin; and if it is agree- 


1 Judge McNairy’s effort to effect a reconciliation between Jackson and Williams was 
ee made behalf of the prospects of Colonel Williams in the election. See p. 


200, ante, note I. 


206 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


able to you I will make the effort You and myself began life together, 
time rolls on apace, we shall soon cease to act, untill then and afterwards 


may you be happy. Your friend 


BENJAMIN LUNDY TO JACKSON.* 


GREENEVILLE, TENNESSEE, September 4, 1823. 

To General Andrew Jackson—As we have no personal knowledge of 
each other, and having for my part very few acquaintances in the section 
of country in which thee resides, I am under the necessity of introducing 
myself preparatory to stating the object of my troubling thee with this 
letter. 

I am the editor of a periodical work entitled the “ Genius of Universal 
Emancipation,” published in this place, and devoted exclusively to the 
subject of negro slavery as it exists in this Republic. This subject is of a 
nature purely political ; and in treating upon it I conceive it to be my duty 
to take into view the whole scope of general politics in which the nation is 
concerned. It will therefore follow, of course, that the election of civil 
officers, in the higher departments of the government, comes fairly within 
the limits marked out by the rules of propriety for me to take an active 
part, if I shall consider it necessary to do so. But I am no factionist; I 
proceed upon independent principles; and if I know myself, have noth- 
ing but the good of my country in view. Let the world go as it will, I wish 
to see justice done on every hand, believing that this, alone, will preserve 
us, as a nation, amid the agonizing pangs and convulsive throes of cor- 
rupted, diseased, and expiring Empires. 

It is understood that thee will be a candidate for the Presidential chair 
of the United States, at the next election. And as I consider it a matter 
of great importance that our chief magistrate be a man who is disposed to 
use his influence in bringing about a gradual abolition of slavery in every 
part of the Republic, I would be glad, if it is not inconsistent with thy 
views, to know thy sentiments on the subject. I am not about to make any 
promises of efficient support, etc. even if thee should satisfy me on this 
point; but I will just observe that influential persons in some parts of the 
country (free states) have requested me to inform them whether thee is, 
or is not, a friend to universal liberty; and could I be authorized to state 
that thee would be inclined to aid in carrying this principle fairly into 
effect, it would make a powerful diversion in thy favour. The present is 
a time of internal and external tranquillity with us. It is a very favourable 
period for bringing into view, and putting in practice those great and 
fundamental principles of genuine republicanism which tho’ deemed of 
vital importance, by the founders of our government, were considered too 
nearly allied to political perfection to be carried completely into effect ere 
the mass of the people had more generally emerged from the gloom of 
prejudice, or their minds freed from the trammels of clerical supersti- 


1 Benjamin Lundy (1789-1839), Quaker antislavery man, began to publish his Geniu 
of Universal Emancipation in 1821 at Mt. Pleasant, O., but soon moved it to Gretnacilie 
Tenn., and in 1824 to Baltimore. ; 


September, 1823 207 


tion and the shackles which a system of monarchy and oligarchy com- 
bined, had rivetted upon them. 

In conclusion, I will observe that I have not committed myself on the 
Presidential question, and shall wait with anxiety for a letter from thee. 
Please to favour me with a line by mail, as soon as possible, stating thy 
views on the subject above mentioned, and signifying thy pleasure as to 
their being made public, and in what shape; by so doing thee will oblige 
Him, Respectfully, 


To Joun McNarry.* 


HERMITAGE, September 6, 1823. 

Dear Sir, By the hand of Governor Edwards this morning I received 
your kind and friendly letter of the 3d inst, and regret that I have not 
more leisure to reply to it. Blessed is the peacemaker, saith the Holy 
scriptures, and I feel grateful to the memory of our deceased friend for 
his and your attempt on a former occasion to produce harmony and peace 
to society in a certain quarter; and altho from my acquaintance with 
men and human nature I was aware that it would prove abortive as it 
did, still I have the same feelings of gratitude for the actors as tho their 
efforts had proved effectual. 

Unanimity I grant is all important to the well being of all societies, 
and particularly to the perpetuation of our Republican govt; but I fear 
there is too little virtue and morality in ours to maintain this blessing. 
Demagogues pursue a course of self aggrandizement regardless of public 
good, without cause have in many cases attempted to prostrate the charac- 
ter of those, who, by pursuing an independent course with an eye single 
to their country’s interest, have obtained the approbation of their fellow 
citizens ; lest they might obstruct or retard their own progress to prefer- 
ment. This is the fact as I suppose in the case alluded to. I parted with 
Col Williams in perfect friendship at Fort Jackson, (since then have not 
seen him) and my last friendly act was at his request, the obtaining of 
an order from Genl Pinckney for him to repair to Knoxville where his 
family was, to superintend the recruiting service of his Regt. The next 
information I received was through the Knoxville Gazette after I had 
reached Mobile in 1814 stating that I was to be arrested upon charges 
emanating as private advice detailed from Col Williams and the officers 
of his Regt. Feeling myself free from any charges that truth would 
support, I felt no alarm at what falsehood or calumy could raise.? After- 
wards, in the early part of 1815 at Orleans, I was advised by a friend that 
charges had been sent on signed by all the officers of the 30th Regt. 
This only revived in my breast contempt for the movers and a withdrawal 
of friendship from those capable of such assasinlike cowardly conduct, 
unworthy of a man who had ever worn a epulet and who could under 
the appearance of friendship [take part] in the work. 


1 Handwriting of Maj. W. B. I ewis. me 
2Tt is not possible to say what was the nature of these charges. It was at this time 


that Jackson wrote his severe letter to Williams because Williams refused to give up 
arms to the East Tennessee militia, ordered to Jackson’s aid at Mobile. See Col. John 
Williams to Jackson, Nov. 1, 1814, in vol. IL. p. 88. 


16 


208 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Upon my return to Nashville I met with my friend H L White,® to 
whom and the whole of his family I have been warmly attached ‘n 
friendship. We had a long conversation on this subject. The Judge 
assured me that Col W could not be as he believed guilty of the acts 
alleged against him, to which I replied, if he were not I had no wish to 
criminate him, and would with pleasure have an interview with him on 
my way to the city of Washington in 1815 when I passed Knoxville 
at which place I remained two or three days. as I have been advised 
Col Williams had left Knoxville the morning of the day of my arrival 
for a part of the country that he was not in the habit of visiting, Suffice 
it to say that I did not see him. The Col arrived at the city, as I was 
informed after my arrival there. I was confined by sickness, he did not 
call to see me. His conduct and expressions on the Seminole question, 
His false assertion to the members of Congress that I had no standing 
in my own state, His charges of speculation in Florida land, and salt 
works; have convinced me that he is amongst the most unprincipled men 
I ever knew. Therefore believing this, and being advised of his mean, 
hidden, and ungentlemanly conduct behind my back, I have forgive, I 
cannot forget. But ought confidence to be reposed in any man who has 
without any cause become my enemy, his endeavour to secretly stab 
me on the Seminole question by falsehood and insinuations of specula- 
tion in Florida lands etc. etc., has applied to me motives as base as they 
were unfounded—and all this after he had as I believed, intentionally 
evaded an interview with me for explanation, and never has made a 
personal advance to make an atonement for repeated injuries which it 
is alleged that he both originated and propagated? His Enmity I was 
regardless of, In his friendship now I could not confide. 

I never have interfered in any election, as yet; I do not know that I 
will; but until he makes personal advances for the purpose of reconcilia- 
tion, we cannot be further reconciled than we are. The conduct of the 
Col has not nor never shall lessen my friendship and esteem for Judge 
White and his family, and that of his deceased father. 

On the other subject you know my detestation for law suits. Col. Erwin 
knows whenever he makes propositions I will hear them, but situated as 
I am now and my express declarations to him in your presence and in 
the other gentlemen if propositions are made, the propositions must come 
from him, and if they are such as in justice to others I can accede to, 
I assure you it will give me great pleasure to accept of them, and get 
clear of Law. It is the only suit but one I have ever had in my own name 
and I hope it will be the last. I have lost all views of accumulating 
wealth, and I wish peace and tranquillity if I can fairly obtain them. I 
have but one grand view, and that is to promote as far as I have influence 
a proper respect for character, religion and morality, and thereby lay a 
solid foundation for the perpetuity of our happy form of Govt. Whenever 
these are lost sight of, party views substituted in their stead, our Gover- 


ment will be changed—it cannot stand, virtue being the only prop which 
sustains it. 


3 Hugh L. White, at this time president of the state bank, U. S. 2 
1836-1840, and in 1836 anti-Jackson candidate for the presidency. a et ee 


September, 1823 209 


Joun McNairy To JACKSON. 


[September, 1823. ] 

My Dear Sir, I acknowledge the truth of your remark “ we are getting 
old”’, time rolls on apace, we shall soon cease, and I flatter myself we 
shall desend to our graves in friendship and in peace. From what I have 
expressed as my views and duty, I can see nothing that can or ought to 
interrupt our friendship here, for I am aware you can have no view other 
than my own, which is, the prosperity of our country, and the happiness 
of society. 

With my thanks for your friendly expressions which I sincerely recipro- 
cate, I am yr. friend 


WILLIAM Braby AND THOMAS WILLIAMSON TO JACKSON. 


MURFREESBORO’, September 20, 1823. 

Sir, It would be gratifying to many of your friends at this place to see 
you amongst us. There is much commotion here among certain persons 
about the Senatorial election. Plans and schemes of opperation by for- 
eigners not of the Legislature, to effect the election of thier choice, To 
twhart them, will be our especial care; tho’ thier case is skilfully organized. 
That Grundy is opposed to the best wishes of Tennessee is but too 
apparent; his manuvering with the enemy alone; thier leading orator 
on the floor of the Legislature—and lately the introducer of a string of 
reslotion, going to excuse our representatives in Congress from a partici- 
pation in recommending yourself to the people of the U. S. The direct 
object of this proceeding could not be misunderstood; most evidently 
to promote the interest of Williams, and draw the attention of the 
Legislature from an enquiry into the course he would pursue with regard 
to yourself should he be ultimately elected. As the representatives of the 
people, as well as in our individual character, we hold ourselves bound 
to give no vote on this subject, but which shall accord with the unanimous 
consent heretofore expressed by the people of Tennessee. On this subject 
we hold it a maxim not to be departed from; that the representative obey 
the voice of his constituents on all subjects when fully and fairly ex- 
pressed. Public opinion on no subject has in our opinions ever been 
so generally acquiesed in as that you are the choice of Tennessee to be 
our next President. We can answer for our constituents and for our own 
feelings and wishes on this all important matter. And further Sir we 
have too long known your high claims upon this republic, to give our 
support to a man, and place him in the highest station in the gift of 
Tennessee, who will not readily and openly express her sentiments. Be- 
lieving as we do that attempts have been made by certain individuals high 
-in trust from Tennessee, to have it whispered at Washington City, that 
you were not seriously talked of as our next president, requires that we 
should well weigh the character and Conduct of the aspirants now before 
us, before we surrender out of our hands this great constitutional trust. 
We do not expect that you would if here take an active or open 
part or stand in this election; but we know that your presence would dis- 
perse some of the small atoms now floating in our atmosphere to the 


210 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


obstruction of the formation of correct opinions. Much is said that 
Williams is not your enemy, on the contrary your friend. That if diffi- 
culties has heretofore existed between you, it has recently been removed, 
and therefore would be your supporter at the city. In matters of election 
we well know from experience, that a luke warm supporter, will do more 
mischief than an open enemy, and that you shall ever receive the hearty 
and open support of this man is what we cannot believe 

As we have been your companions in arms, we are your supporters 
here—accept our hearty wishes for your good health and ultimate success * 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, October 5, 1823. 

.... It will, I have no doubt astonished you to hear that I have been 
elected senator, but I can assure you it has astonished me as much and 
a circumstance which I regret more than any other of my life, on several 
accounts, not having anticipated such an event I am unprepared to leave 
home, and my feelings and wishes all conspired to remain at home, but 
it was thought expedient by my friends that my name should be brought 
oui. the vote stood 35 for, 25 against me. every intrigue that could 
exist, and indeed corruption was resorted to. my name was brought 
forward 4 days before the election, and this after all the pledges by Wil- 
liams friends could be obtained in his favour against Mr Rhea and Miller, 
and after it was found neither could be elected, bringing my name 
forward under such circumstances was hazarding much, still it succeeded, 
and I am a senator against my wishes and feelings, but from my political 
creed as promulgated to the committee of Pennsylvania I am compelled 
to accept. 

My friends sent for me three times, the last messenger was general 
Coleman with whom I went and reached there in the night preceding 
the election, but I neither vissited or conversed with a member except 
when vissitted and the conversation introduced by them. The whole 


1 The following extract from a letter from B. Coleman to Gen. John Coffee, Oct. 24, 
1823 (Tenn. Hist. Soc.), throws light on the election of Jackson to the Senate in 1823: 

You have no doubt heard of the election of Old Hickory to the senate of the United 
States. And you would be surprised at the bare majority of ten, if you did not know, 
or was not advised of facts. You will recollect that Williams came forward, and that 
opposed to him as candidates, was P. M. Miller and Mr. Ray [Rhea]. You will recollect 
that ever since the last session Williams’ friends and party have been marshalling all their 
strength and that nothing has been left undone which wisdom or strategem could effect. 
You will recollect that since the present members have been elected Williams, in person, 
has visited most of them at their own houses and extracted from many a pledge to vote 
for him. You will recollect too, that many believing that Miller only was to come up in 
opposition to Williams, was easily deluded and deceived and gave a pledge to Williams. 
You will also learn that Miller and Ray came forward before the people and the legisla- 
ture and were the only known persons, except Williams, who would serve. Under all 
these circumstances it was an easy matter for Williams and his friends to make a favorable 
impression on most of the members, and to extract from many a solemn pledge to support 
him. In addition to all this Jackson’s name was brought forward only a day or two 
before the election, and without his entire consent to serve. Some of his best and 
warmest friends, taking all circumstances into view, thought that we were risking too 
much. No person but Jackson could have broken down such a combination. Many who 


voted against him were all alive to his election, but were tied down and obli i 
a vote against him.” ; Lee fo 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


October, 1823 211 


Crawford interest was there convened from every quarter of the state 
with Colo Cannon etc. etc. etc. at their head. many members voted 
against me who openly declared, they would have voted for me before 
they became pledged by promise to Colo Williams, poor Giton was 
threatened to be burned in effigy, weakly also, but I prevailed upon the 
leading characters to put a stop to it. 

How cruel it was for Colo Williams finding his friends thus situated, 
and a vote for him contrary to the instructions of their constituents 
would politically prostrate them, that he did not like Mr Rhea withdraw. 
how much more magnanimity would have been shewn by him, to have 
withdrawn than to urge his friends to prostrate their own political stand- 
ing to elevate his. now his and theirs are all prostrate. present me to Mr 
James Jackson and family, inform him I will write him shortly... . . 


To PRESIDENT MonrROE. 


HERMITAGE, October 10, 1823. 

Dear Sir, The first intimation I have had of the late act of congress,* 
was derived from the extract of a letter from Judge Brakenridge from 
Pensacola of date 12th of Septbr 1823, and herewith inclosed. 

If the claims are for cattle taken or used by my army either in 1814, 
or 1818, they are groundless and fraudulent, which is only to be estab- 
lished by proof. They are such as ought not to be admitted or paid 
without an opportunity on behalf of the united States to be heard. They 
accounts admitted by the Department produced by the cherokees, and 
incorporated into the Cherokee Treaty which has been shewn to have 
originated in fraud certainly ought to have put congress on its guard, 
and have prevented such a law as alluded to by Judge Brakenridge from 
having been passed. If the claims are dated in 1814, it will be easy to 
shew, that the cattle seized by my Troops were trailed from alabama, to 
the Perdido and there overtaken, all of which were claimed by our citi- 
zens, or stolen from them by the Indians at the instigation of the 
Spaniards. Antwine Collins then Spanish contractor, and Capt Boyles 
were seized on suspicion and held in custody, untill I marched on Pen- 
sacola and found the cattle by Colo. Henry Dyer with a detachment as 
before stated. a few of these cattle were slaughtered on our return march 
their marks and brands preserved, and the contractor ordered to pay the 
Individuals for the cattle thus slaughtered. This was reported to me to 
have been done and the Ballance by orders to the quartermaster delivered 
to the owners who attended, and proved their property in the cattle. 

On my march in 1818 from Ft Gadsden to Pensacola, on the East Bank 
of the Escambia, two Spaniards who was met at the head of the Bay by 
that name collected us a few cattle, which was slaughtered by orders to 
the quartermaster, and paid for. On the East side of the Escambia, we 
were met with supplies, and Colo. George Gibson Joined me, who can 
vouch for the payment of every particle of supplies obtained whilst in 
Florida. It is passing strange that where claims are exhibitted by our own 
citizens with what Just scrutiny they are investigated, but when exhibited 


1 Apparently the act of Mar. 3, 1823, additional to the act for the prompt settlement 
of public accounts. 


212 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


by Indians, or Spaniards, admitted without an opportunity of investiga- 
tion by those concerned, and the United States thereby defrauded out of 
thousands. The object of this hasty letter is to request that you notify 
the Secretary of the Treasury, of the frauds upon which these accounts 
are founded, that they may be suspended untill a full inquiry shall be 
had into the Justness of these claims. I am determined that an enquiry 
shall be had. I bestowed much Labour to investigate the frauds com- 
mitted by the cherokees in the coments incorporated in the Treaty, had 
them forwarded with a request that the Testimony should be laid before 
congress without avail. Colo. Gibson is in the city. Colo. Gadsdens Testi- 
mony with Colos. King Williamson Elliott Dyer, Brady and Mitchell 
with many others can be provened. I inclose a certificate of Colo. Robert 
Butler. 
I am Sir with great respect yr. mo. obdt. servt. 


To Mayor GEORGE W. MartTIN.? 


HERMITAGE, October 15, 1823. 

D’r Major When last at Nashville I had a hope to have seen you, 
but you not having returned from East Tennessee was disappointed. The 
unexpected and I may say the unwished for election as senator to Congress 
has damaged all my business, I was looking only to the active means that 
would meet my expenses to the close of the present year, this would 
have been but small and which I had in hand. The expense of my visiting 
Murfreesborough, at the election at once consumed this, but has left me 
without a cent—the preparation for my journey will add greatly to my 
wants of money, and I am compelled to look to your house for the means 
of outfit and traveling expenses. This call being unexpected I am afraid 
will put you to inconvenience which I would gladly have prevented if I 
could. But I have no other source; from which at present I can obtain 
the necessary means, but from you. I believe I gave you the amount of 
the cotton delivered you, but least I have not I send you the amount. 
you have received from me as guardian of A. J. Hutching 10854 Ib. in 27 


Balés'at:tentcents' p.lban ose eee Ce Seen eee $1085.40 
My own—11233 lb. in 28 Bales at D. D. 1123.30 
$2208.70 


of this sum I have received as per memorandum about $1800. 
2208.70 
1800. 


$408.70 

There will be a ballance of current notes about this sum. 

In U. States notes borrowed as per note 13th of March 1823—$400. 
The object of this note is to apprise you of my situation and wants that 
you may inform me how far you will be able to advance to my necessity. 
I have to go to Murfreesborough and have not one dollar, indeed when 


1 The original of this letter is in the possession of Mrs. R. P. Lak 
Boulevard, Memphis, Tenn. Martin was a nephew of Mrs. Jackson. e, S. McLean 


October, 1823 213 


last in town I had to apply to your Mr Williams for ten dollars. I shall 
be down on tomorrow if the weather is good or on Saturday when I shall 
see you on this subject. 

I hope you have been successful in your suits. I heard you were about 
compromising, which I recommended to your brother strongly whenever 
the tennants show a disposition. Thirty thousand dollars at a short day 
would be more profitable to you than $60,000 at a distant day. I therefore 


recommended to him to compromise as soon as liberal terms was proposed 
to him. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN CoFFEE,1 


HERMITAGE, October 24, 1823. 

Dear General, I have duly received your letter of the 18th instant, on 
my return from Murfreesborough on yesterday; for your kind attention 
to my business in transmitting the cotton bagging which is recd in good 
order, receive my thanks. 

Your views of my election to the senate, with out my approbation or 
consent are certainly correct, and leaves me no alternative but to obey 
the will of the majority. I will set out on the oth, roth, or 11th proximo. 
I leave home with more reluctance than on any former occasion, the 
notice being so short, and not having anticipated anything of the kind, 
puts it out of my power to take Mrs Jackson with me and to leave her 
for four, or five months, fills me, as well as her, with much regret. 
I had hoped that I had filled my measure of public service, and would have 
been permitted to have spent some time in retirement. in this I am disap- 
pointed, to become conspicuous as a public man, is inconsistent with 
private ease, or happiness, at least it has this effect with me. 

With what feelings of gratitude do I read that generous and friendly 
offer you have made of a supply of horses to me, had I have been taking 
on Mrs J I should have accepted your friendly and kind offer, but as I 
mean to travel part of the way in the stage, I shall take such horses as 
I intend selling for what they will bring, at the point where I may take 
the stage, but next summer if your grays will work and you can spare 
them, I will give you a liberal price for them, to carry on Mrs. Jackson. 
Mr. William Donelson has long since parted with his gray. My Dear Genl 
this liberal and friendly offer will be long cherished with gratitude by 
me. 

When I was in Florence Major Hubbard named to me that he had 
got into his hands Nicholson note for a horse $90. I told him as soon 
as any money of mine could be collected it should be paid, your calling 
on Capt Garner is right, and take in the note when due, and place it to 
my credit with the estate of my little ward Hutchings. My unexpected 
journey will make it imperious to call on my friend Anthony Winston, 
and Mr Griffin, and the ballance from Garner by the first day of January 
next. will you please if convenient notify them that about christmas 
and New Year I have made some engagements, to return some money I 
have borrowed for expence of my journey. the current notes due will 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


214 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


be wanted about that time, and I will direct Capt A. J. Donelson to go 
out for it, should you advise him that it will be paid at that time. 

I have made an engagement with Mr William Easton for his three 
mules for A. J. Hutchings farm, you are to place the price on them, and 
give him a.receipt for the amount, which will be good against his note. 
he is to deliver them as soon as they can be spared from his farm. I 
sincerely regret to hear that you have been indisposed, but rejoice to learn 
that your health is restored. I am pleased with your prospect of a crop 
of cotton, 800 is a good average crop and the price promises to be good 
this season and the fall very fine. my negroes has been unusually sickly 
this fall, this with my buildings, gin house, press etc. etc., has impeded 
parsons in getting out his crop. he has housed about 50,000 Ibs he 
thinks my crop will average from 800 to 1000 to the acre, and make about 
80 bales, he started the gin on yesterday, she runs well but I think too 
fast, he thinks not. I give way to his judgt, she is completely fixed, and 
makes good cotton, the flue 8 feet long. 

Will you and your family be in this fall? how much pleasure it will 
give Mrs Jackson to see you, Polly, and your sweet little family this 
fall. we rejoice at the good health of your family, may it continue, and 
every blessing in life attend you and them is our sincere prayers. we hope 
to hear of the safe delivery of Polly, and that she has added a fine son 
or daughter to your lovely family. 

Capt Jack is not yet married, it is expected as soon as he returns, and 
Judge McNairy gets home from Knoxville. 

On my return from Murfreesborough in the night I was taken with 
a palpitation of heart with great fluttering, I rode home about 23 miles, 
it continued with an occasional blindness. I took on wednesday night a 
dose of salts, it continuing I had one quart of blood taken, it has measur- 
ably subsided, in other respects perfect health except a slight pain in my 
side and breast. I shall write you again before I leave home, and whilst 
at the city will be glad to hear from you when leisure will permit, I shall 
write you occasionally. present us affectionately to polly and the sweet 
children and for your self receive our best wishes. your friend 


P.S. Mr F. Sanders having proposed to sell and I fearfull of a bad 
neighbor I have bought and paid him for his plantation, I have transferred 
him Crop Bonds and Thomas Childress. I am now out of danger of 
being interrupted by a bad neighbor, and makes my situation here quite 
comfortable as it respects land. will my 320 near the big spring sell for 
$12 pr acre in land office money. Colo McDaniel wanted it very much. 
suppose you sound Colo Anthony Winston on the subject, I have promised 
to let him have the refusal. you can say to him I have bought here, and 
am now inclined to sell there. If he will give $12 pr acre in silver or 
u states notes let him have it. I am looking forward to prepare for the 
expence of next year and to purchase Hutchings forfeighted lands. I wish 
you to ship his cotton to Doctor Bedford and direct the Doctor to trans- 
mit the amount of sales to you with the amt of the sales of your own. 
I shall if I can purchase the quarter northeast of the well the 2 forfeited 
quarters and it is agreed between me and Capt Jack Donelson to split 


December, 1823 215 


the 2 quarters south, east and west this will make him a fine tract, this 
done I am satisfied as it respects my little ward. I have some hope of 
settling the suit with B Smith. your friend 


To Mrs. JAcKSon. 


ROGERSVILLE, TENN., November 19, 1823. 

My Love, Major Eaton and myself reached this place this evening, and 
Genl Call and Colo. Owing has Joined us here in the stage—we proceed 
on horseback as long as the good weather continues. My health continues 
as good as when I left you. I have only time to write you a line. please 
say to Mr Parsons to have my Dry Cattle collected and fed. I have only 
to add my prayers for your health and composure of mind during my ab- 
sence and believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


P. S. tell the two little Andrews I pray God to bless them, and I hope 
they will be good boys. 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasHincTon, December 7, 1823. 

My Love, I wrote you on my arival here on the morning of the 3rd in- 
stant. The weather has continued good and my health improving from 
rest, altho I cannot say that of this I have had much—there being a con- 
tinued scene of vissits to me, and of course on my part a return of them. 
Today being sunday I have spent at Church where I was edified with a 
very sensible discourse from a young presbeterian preacher. 

Since my arival many inquiries have been made after your health by 
your acquaintances here, and I am charged by Mrs Wilson and Doctor 
Tucker, when I write, to present you with their respectfull compliments 
and also by Mrs Watson, Miss Jones, and all the family. I have taken 
lodgings at Mr. oneals.* Major Eaton and Call make my mess, we are pri- 
vate and comfortably accomodated in a worthy family. how my constitu- 
tion may bear the winter should it prove very inclement I cannot say. I 
shall endeavour to take care of myself. I had a hope by this days mail to 
have recd a letter from you or Capt A. J. Donelson—in this I have been 
disappointed, still hope I shall receive one soon. This separation has been 
more severe to me than any other, it being one that my mind was not pre- 
pared for, nor can I see any necessity for—still my country did, and no 
alternative was left for me but to obay. If providence permits us again 
to unite, we must travel together, and live together whilst permitted to 
remain Tennants here below. before I leave this I shall engage rooms for 
your reception next fall. I shall expect you to write me as often as you can. 
It will be pleasing to me to receive from Mr Parsons a statement of the 
amount of my crop as soon as it is housed, and say to Mr Donelson I 
shall expect him to write me very often. 

I would be delighted to receive a letter from our son, little Hutchings, 
and even Lyncoya. The latter I would like to exhibit to Mr Monroe and 
the Secratary of War, as I mean to try to have him recd. at the military 


1 Since 1805 William O’Neal had kept the “Franklin House”, on the north side of 
I Street (or Pennsylvania Avenue) just east of Twenty-first Street. 


216 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


school, as early as I can, I shall examine the college here with a view if I 
like it, and its moral Government, to bring they two Andrews here next 
fall and leave them here. I am told it is superintended by a worthy Baptist 
Clergyman of great ability.2, When you see Parson Campbell present me 
affectionately to him and family also to Mr Dobbs. Should my friend 
parson Hodge have returned present me kindly to him, say to Colo Butler 
I shall write him as early as I can have an interview with Mr Monroe, 
which will be as soon as the days of ceremony are over. There is nothing 
done here but vissitting and carding each other—you know how much I 
was disgusted with Those scenes when you and I were here, it has in- 
creased instead diminishing. 

present me to Capt John Donelson family and all my good neighbours 
affectionately, and accept my continued prays for your health and that of 
my little Andrews. present me to Capt A. J. Donelson and believe me your 

affectionate Husband 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, December 10, 1823. 

My Dear Wife, I have this moment recd you kind and affectionate let- 
ter of the 23rd ult. It has given me much pleasure to receive it and to be 
informed of your good health, I pray God for its continuance. I have but 
time the mail waiting to acknowledge its receipt, and to assure you what 
sincere gratification it has afforded me. I shall write you this evening or 
tomorrow. present me affectionately to the Andrews and say to our 
Nephew I shall expect to hear from him often. 

accept my dear wife the prayers of your affectionate Husband 


BRIGADIER-GENERAL WINFIELD ScoTT TO JACKSON.” 


GEORGETOWN, December 11, 1823. 

Sir: One portion of the American community has long attributed to 
you the most distinguished magnanimity, and another portion the great- 
est desperation in your resentments. Am I to conclude that both are 
equally in error? I allude to circumstances which have transpired between 
us (and which need not here be recapitulated) and to the fact, that I have 
now been six days in your immediate vicinity without having attracted 
your notice. 

As this is the first time in my life that I have been within a hundred 
miles of you, and as it is barely possible that you may be ignorant of my 


presence, I beg leave to state that I shall not leave the District before the 
morning of the 14th instant. 


I have the honour to be, 


* Rev. Dr. William Staughton, first president (1822-1827) of Columbian College, now 
George Washington University. 


1 This letter is in the Jackson MSS. On a copy sold by the Anderson Galleries in 
New York, April, 1920, was the following memorandum by General Scott: 

It had been currently reported (and believed by many persons), probably without 
foundation, that Genl. Jackson would assault or challenge me the first time we should 
meet, Hence I had, for six days, frequented the Capitol and other public places in 
Washington where he was likely to be found before this note was written to him— 
WinrieLp Scorr.” See also Scott’s Memoirs, pp. 200-203. 


December, 1823 217 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL WINFIELD Scott. 


“Mr Oneats ”, WasHINGTON, December 11, 1823. 

Sir, Your letter of today, has been received. Whether the world are 
correct, or in error, as regards my “ magnanimity ”, is for the world to 
decide: I am satisfied of one fact, that when you shall know me better, 
you will not be desposed to harbour the opinion, that any thing like 
“ desperation in resentment ” attaches to me. 

Your letter is ambiguous ; but concluding from occurrencies heretofore, 
that it was written with friendly views, I take the liberty of saying to you, 
that whenever you shall feel disposed to meet me on friendly terms, that 
disposition will not be met by any other than a correspondent feeling on 
my part. 

I have the honor to be Sir your most obdt. Servant 


Joun H. Eaton To Mrs. Jackson. 


WasHINGTON, December 18, 1823. 

Dear Madm. The general is in very fine health, and in just as good 
sperits. He has so many visits however to make as well amongst the 
Ladies as the gentlemen that it is quite probable he is not a punctual cor- 
respondent, and therefore is it that I write to you. He is constantly in 
motion to some Dinner party or other, and to night stands engaged at a 
large Dancing party at Genl Browns; but whether or not he will become 
one of the Dancers shall become the subject of some future letter. I assure 
you he is in most excellent health, much better than he has been in a long 
time—the journey was of great service to him, and since arriving here is 
in just as comfortable quarters as he could have. 

It will afford you great pleasure I know, to be informed that all his old 
quarrels have been settled. The General is at peace and in friendship with 
genl. Scott, Genl Cocke, Mr Clay and what you would never have expected 
Col Benton: he is in harmony and good understanding with every body, 
a thing I know you will be happy to hear 

I am quite in a hurry 

with great respect 


[In Jackson’s handwriting:] P.S. the inclosed information is all true, 
but highly coloured as it respects the dining and vissits—too much of that 
is true, and as yet I cannot free myself from them. It is a pleasing subject 
to me that I am now at peace with all the world. The kindness, and atten- 
tion of my friend major Eaton on the Journey, and here, has added much 
to my comfort and health, I shall write you soon, hope to hear that your 
health is good, accept of my prayers for it and believe me your affection- 
ate Husband. 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasuHIncTon, December 21, 1823. 
My Dear Wife, I have received to day your kind letter of the 5th in- 
stant, and am rejoiced to be informed that you are in good health. I can 


1 Copy. Handwriting of John H. Eaton. 


218 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


say with truth that my health is improved. The kind attention of my 
friend Eaton has been great, and to him I feel truly indebted for the com- 
fortable quarters we occupy. We are in the family of Mr. Oneal whose 
amiable pious wife and two daughters, one maried the other single, take 
every pains in there power to make us comfortable and agreable, Mr Oneal 
himself is an agreable man. this family has been wealthy but by misfor- 
tune and endorsments for others, has been reduced to the necessity of 
keeping a boarding house. I can with truth say I never was in a more 
agreable and worthy family. When we have a leisure hour in the evening 
we spend it with the family. Mrs. Timberlake the maryed daughter whose 
husband belongs to our Navy, plays on the Piano delightfully, and every 
Sunday evening entertains her pious mother with sacred music, to which 
we are invited, and the single daughter who is also pious and sings well 
unites in the music. I am thus particular in giving you a narative of our 
situation with which I know you will be pleased. 

Every Sunday we spend at church. This family belong to the methodist 
society.” on last Sunday as I named to you I went with Mrs Watson to her 
church, she belongs to the Presbeterians, to day I went to hear a Baptist 
whose church is near us, and was edified by a good concise discourse, so 
my dear you see, that notwithstanding I am in the midst of intrigue, 
gaiety and bustle, I spend my Sundays and leisure hours agreably, and I 
hope profitably. as to Leisure, I have but little, and could I get clear of 
the dining parties, I think with care, I can maintain my health, but under 
existing circumstances, I cannot yet, (untill I go the rounds) refuse; 

The president is very kind to me; indeed amidst the intrigue for the 
next presidency here, I get on pretty well, as I touch not, handle not of 
that unclean procedure; I keep myself entirely aloof from the intriguers, 
and caucus mongers, with a determination that if I am brought into that 
office it shall be by the free unsolicited voice of the people. I trust that the 
god of Isaac and of Jacob will protect you, and give you health in my ab- 
sence, in him alone we ought to trust, he alone can preserve, and guide us 
through this troublesome world, and I am sure he will hear your prayers. 
Weare told that the prayers of the righteous prevaileth much, and I add 
mine for your health and preservation untill we again meet. Major 
Davenport * is now with us with his young and amiable wife that he has 
lately married in Philadelphia, he has given this family your character, 
and Mrs. Timberlake (from what she has heard of you from Major Eaton 
and Major Davenport) has requested me to present you with her respects, 
beats you come here I am convinced you will be much pleased with this 

amily. 

The only consolation to friends who are seperated, is the pleasure of 
communicating with each other by writing, how gratefull this converse 
between husband and wife. I will therefore, as you have requested me, 
endeavour to content myself through this winters absence, endeavouring 
by occasionally writing you, to console myself, and expecting often to hear 


1The married daughter, Mrs. Timberlake (Pe O’Neal) figured 1 i 
political history of a later time as Mrs. John ¢ score Regs Gabe R 
2On Mr. O’Neal’s Methodism see Edward Hooker (1808) in Am. Hist. Assoc. 
Annual Report, 1806, I. 927. ’ 
3 Brevet Maj. William Davenport, 7th Infantry. 


December, 1823 219 


from you. I have recd the letter from my son, I have read it with great 
pleasure and have answered it, which I enclose. I hope in the next to see 
his handwriting improve. I feel gratefull to our cousin Milburry for her 
staying with you, and the other ladies for visitting you, I hope their cheer- 
full dispositions will keep your spirits up. I am much pleased with the 
information of my crop, and the forwardness with which Mr Parsons has 
got it. I hope before the cold weather sets in he will have it housed, and 
ready for markett. The weather here has been very fine for the season 
altho very variable. 

Capt A. J. Donelson writes me often. present me to him affectionately 
and to the Andrews and Miss Milbury if with you and all friends. I have 
wrote Colo Butler today and regret much that he has been unwell. I hope 
he has recovered, I have recd from my friend Parson Hume, a kind letter; 
in my answer, I have requested him to visit you, in your next advise mé 
how the church progresses.* I hope it is finished, present me to Col Ward 
and family, and say to him I expect he will attend to it, that it must be fin- 
ished if him and myself pay for it. it is late and I must close this letter, 
accept of my prayers for your happiness and preservation untill we again 
shall meet, and believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


To Mrs. JAcKSON.’* 


WASHINGTON, December 28, 1823. 

My Dear Wife, I have this day recd. from my young friend A. J. Don- 
elson a letter of the 12th instant, in which he gives me the pleasing intelli- 
gence that you and my dear little Andrew, and the family enjoy health. 
This to me is gratefull, for although you assured me in your last letter 
that your health was good, and that you would summons up all your for- 
titude to bear patiently my absence, still I feared that you would suffer 
your situation which at times is very lonely, to disturb your peace and hap- 
piness. My health still continues good. I have withdrawn myself from 
all parties in the night. This I found necessary to preserve my health. 
I saw Mr. Monroe on yesterday. He desired when I wrote you to present 
him and Mrs. Monroe affectionately to you. Mrs. Monroe has been in 
bad health. I have not seen her, but Mr. Monroe says she is now mending 
and he hopes she will be able to see company in a few days. 

I have been presented by Mrs. Lewis?” the other day with a highly es- 
teemed present. She was the grand daughter of Mrs. Genl. Washington, 
and adopted by the Genl. as his own daughter and married to Mr. Lewis 
a near relation of Genl. Washington. The present is a china plate used by 
the Genl at his birthday feasts. It is like the Genl, plain, but elegant, and 
anything which has been his property, and used by so great, virtuous and 
good man, who achieved so much for his country, is esteemed by me, as it 
ought. Mrs. Lewis sent me this by Lt. Edward Butler with a request that 
I should eat my dinner on it on the 8th of January next. This request I 


4 This is the church erected near the Hermitage by Jackson and his neighbors. _ 

1 This letter was sold Dec. 7, 1921, at the rooms of the American Art Association, 
through the courtesy of whose managers the editor was permitted to take a copy. The 
china plate mentioned in the second paragraph was offered for sale with the letter. 


2 Eleanor Custis. 


220 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


intend to comply with if I live. Mrs. Adams has invited me to a party who 
are to celebrate the 8th of January at her house.* To this party I will have 
to go, and it will be the only party I mean to attend this winter. Major 
Eaton and myself attended the Methodist church today with the family in 
which we live, and were agreably entertained with an excellent sermon. 
Your old friend Colo. Gibson is a constant attendant at this church, he re- 
quests to be remembered to you. 

Say to my son I will write him in the course of this week. I expect to 
receive a letter from him every fortnight; tell him his little friend Wm 
Porter * has been absent at sea for two years, that I wish him to attend to 
his writing and learning so that when he returns he can write him a letter. 
present me to them [sic] affectionately and say to them I shall expect to 
hear that they stay constantly with you, and take care of you in my ab- 
sence. It will give me much pleasure to hear from you as often as it may 
be convenient for you to write. Say to Mr. Parsons I will write him 
shortly. Tell Lyncoya to read his book and be a good boy and obey you 
in all things. 

Mr. A. J. Donelson writes me that he was preparing to go to Huntsville 
about the 20th instant. if he has returned present me to him affection- 
ately and to all friends and believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


WasHincTon, December 31, 1823. 

Dear General, Since my arival here I have had but little leisure, many 
letters on business which I was obliged to answer, which left but little 
time for friendship, and of course this is the first time I have taken up my 
pen to write you. 

Indeed congress has done but little-yet, and untill the holidays are over, 
little is expected to be done. whether the presidential question may not 
intermix itself with the business of congress, so as to retard Legislation, 
I cannot say but I would presume from what I am informed that this will 
be the case. I intermix with none of those who are engaged in the in- 
trigues of caucus, or president makers, nor do I intend, I have taken my 
course long since, from which no earthly consideration shall turn me, and 
should the choice of the people fall upon another it will give me no pain. 
I have but one feeling and that is, that the people make a good choice, 
when I say this, I have to add, that I think it would be a great curse to 
the nation if the choice fell upon Wm H. C. It is strange, but it appears 
nevertheless true that his name and intrigue are intermixed whereever 
any election is on hand, this remark is brought to me mind from a letter 
from Georgia detailing the circumstances of the late election for Gover- 
nor there, where it is stated that four votes pledged for Mr Talbot was bot. 


$ Of this ball Senator Mills says, “There must have been at least a thousand people 
there. .. . . It is the universal opinion that nothing has ever equalled this party here 
either in brilliancy of preparation or elegance of the company.” See also Parton, III. 37. 

4 Eldest son of Commodore David Porter; a midshipman since Jan. 1, 1823, afterward 
a commodore U. S. N. ; ; 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll. Coffee MSS. 


January, 1824 221 


over for Crawford.’ it is said that a pamphlet is preparing on this and 
other subjects. If then corruption is used to bring him into office, how 
far would it spread to retain him. I however from present appearances 
I [sic] have but little fear on this head should he loose the support of 
New York, he will be, as I suppose, withdrawn from the contest, but Vir- 
ginia and part of Carolina will make a struggle to buoy him up, every 
nerve has been tried on pennsylvania but it is said she is unmovable. 

My health has improved, but of late I have taken cold, and how I can- 
not tell, I vissit little, still my cough has shown symptoms of return. I 
will be happy to hear from you, and receive the news of your country and 
the health of your family and also how Mr Nicholson is progressing. I 
have requested him to write me as soon as his crop is housed. as soon as 
the cotton is ready for markett I would suppose it ought to be shipped 
with orders to sell so soon as it reaches there if the price continues up. 
This hint is not to control your instructions but merely as a hint if 14 
cents can be obtained for it [it] ought to be sold. give my respects to your 
lady and family, to Capt Jack and Eliza, tell Eliza that her brother Ed- 
ward is well, he has just left me for New York with Genl Gains. write 
me when you have leisure and believe me your friend, 


To Major Grorce W. MartTIN.* 


WASHINGTON, January 2, 1824. 

Dear George: Your letter of the 18th ult. is just recd. I kindly thank 
you for the information given of Mrs. J. and her good health; under 
existing circumstances and the courses that lead to our seperation, the 
anxiety on my mind, that my absence from her at a time when it was 
so necessary to her health that hers should be kept at ease, might prove 
injurious to her health; hence the gratification I feel on hearing that she 
enjoys good health. I rejoice to hear that a court is appointed in your 
case, my prayers are that you may have a speedy trial, and success. I am 
greatly incumbered with numerous letters, visiting, etc. etc. my health 
thus far is pretty good; if I could have three months ease, I would, I 
believe, regain my health. 

There has been a good deal said of a congressional caucas, but if I 
was to judge from the appearance today, of the treasurers friends, I 
would suppose he was politically (as he notably is) sick. Virginia by her 
legislature has not come forth, as was expected, by the friends of a 
caucus, North Carolina has split. Mr. Vanburen can not manage New 
York, and it is my opinion, that Virginia will not seperate, from Penn. 
and New York; She will unite with one of them at least; however I 
know but little upon the subject, as I neither met with the politicians, or 
conversed on the Presidential question. But it is my opinion that Mr 
Crawford will be withdrawn from the contest so soon as New York 
unmasks herself, provided he does not get her support. 


2 Nov. 6 the Georgia legislature elected George M. Troup governor, by 85 votes to 


81 for Matthew Talbot. 
1 The original of this letter is in the possession of Mrs. R. P. Lake, S. McLean 


Boulevard, Memphis, Tenn. 


222 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 

I have become friendly with all here and Gen’l Scott and myself met 
before he left the city and parted friendly. This has destroyed the strong- 
hold of my enemies who denounced me as a man of revengefull Temper 
and of great rashness. I am told the opinion of these whose minds were 
prepared to see me with a Tomahawk in one hand, and a scalping knife in 
the other has greatly changed and I am getting on very smoothly. Present 
me to your mother and family kindly and to all my friends in Nashville. 
adeiu, 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 5, 1824. 

My Dear wife, I recd a letter the other day from Major G. Martin 
informing me you were in good health, and then on a vissit to your friends 
at Nashville, this I was pleased to hear, as it would amuse you, and occa- 
sion time to pass on pleasantly We have had here the most mild Decem- 
ber that has been for many years, It has been too much so for the enjoy- 
ment of good health, still, except colds, the health of the city is good. 
Should you see Mr Campbell, present me to him, and say, that I had the 
pleasure of hearing Mr Laurie* preach last Sunday, I think him of good 
capacity, and an impressive speaker. 

My health still continues pretty good, and I endeavour to pass my time 
as well as our seperation will permit. I pray you to be contented, which 
will add much to my happiness here; accept of my prayers for your health, 
present me affectionately to all my friends and say to Colo. Butler I will 
write him as early as I can be able to say any thing to him definetly on 
what can be done for him here, if any thing can be done. 

Believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


P. S. say to my son and Hutchings how happy I would be if they 
would write me, say to them also; I expect them to be obedient, kind, and 
dutifull to you in my absence. 


To Mrs. JAcKsSON. 


WasuincrTon, D. C., January 10, 1824. 

My Dear Wife, I recd yours of the 18th ult in answer to mine of the 
3rd two days since; but being as usual on that day, surrounding with 
company and bustle, has prevented me from answering untill now. Your 
letters has been recd, and duly answered as they came to hand; and my 
health is as good as I have aright to expect, and has improved since I left 
you. The holidays being now over, and the 8th of January past; I trust 
it will be in my power to take care of my health better than I have been 
hitherto able since I came here. It affords me great satisfaction to learn 
that your health continues good; my prayers are continually ascending up 
to heaven for a continuation of it, and that I may once more unite with 
you in health; I need not repeat my determination, you know it. 

I rejoice to learn that Mr Parson realises my expectation, and that all 
things are going on well, this is pleasant information to me, but nothing 
more than I expected, from the confidence I had in Mr Parsons. present 


1 Minister of the Presbyterian church in F Street. 


January, 1824 223 


me to him, and tell him I would like to hear from him if he has not already 
written me. I enclose you a letter from our friend Mr Ely,* with a request 
that you have communicated to Mr Craighead that part that relates to him. 
give the letter to Capt A J. Donelson and he will do it. I enclose you for 
your amusement and to give to my son a piece of poetry made in Balti- 
more and presented to me, tell him to keep it. There is at present great 
feeling on the Presidential question throughout the United States, and 
great intrigue. I interfere not, but it appears as you will see that my 
friends increase daily. The representatives of Genl Washington has pre- 
sented me with a Tellescope and the pair of pistols used and worn by him 
in the revolutionary war which was presented to him by La Fayette. You 
will admit that I am not very vain, but to be thought worthy to possess 
the arms which were his companions in war and by which he achieved 
the liberty and independence of america, I consider the first honor that 
could be bestowed upon me. The mail is closing, I for the present must 
cease writing. present me to the Andrews affectionately and to Capt. 
A. J. Donelson and believe me to be yr affectionate Husband 


To Mrs. JAcKson. 


WASHINGTON, January 15, 1824. 

My Dear wife, I have recd your kind and affectionate letter of the 
28th December with one from our son inclosed. I am rejoiced to hear 
of your health and Spirits and pray that they may continue untill I re- 
turn. I have been kept too busy since my arival to adopt your advice of 
retiring early; you know my habits when at home; when I am without 
company I retire at 9: when I have company, at 10-11, as the company 
desire; but here when the early part of the evening is spent with my 
friends who visit me the latter must be spent in attention to duty and to 
business; one thing I can assure you, that I take as much care of my 
health as I can, and atm happy to say to you, it has improved and is as 
good as I have any right to expect it. I thank you for your prayers, mine 
is offerred up for a continuation of your health, may the[y] be heard. 
Say to Colo. Butler all things progress slowly, as usual, fair promises, 
without acts, I have the Presidents positive promise that something shall 
be done for him, but what that may be I cannot say, The Survayor Dis- 
trict in Florida if the law passes. Present me to all friends and delivered 
the inclosed letter to my son, and believe me to be your affectionate 
Husband 


To ANDREW J. DONELSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 18, 1824. 
D’r Andrew, I wrote you yesterday requesting you to search for, and 
send me, a copy of my letter written to Mr Monroe in the latter part of the 
year 1816, or early in 1817, and a copy of Mr Monroes letter to me on the 
subject of his Executive council or heads of Departments. My letter to 
him which I want is the one in which I bring to his view, and recommend 
to him Colo. Drayton of Charleston So. Carolina as a fit person as Sec. 


1 Rev. Ezra Stiles Ely, a Presbyterian minister in Philadelphia, and old. friend of 
Jackson. Mr. Craighead was a minister of the same church, residing in Nashville. 


17 


224 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


of War. I wish you to send copies attested and keep the originals least 
they may be taken out of the mail; and adress them to Major Eaton.* 
If you have time; send duplicates; one to Major Eaton, and the other 
adressed to me: read over Mr Monroes letters of that date, and send me 
copies of all you find on the subject of officers and appointments, and 
copies of my letters that contain recommendations of date 1816 or 1817. 
I expect the object is, by the publication at this moment to produce an 
effect upon Pensylvania who is about to form an electoral Tickett to 
support me. But this will not take as I believe; Mr Kreamer a member 
from Pensylvania, the moment he saw it, went direct to the President 
and asked him, if there was any truth in the publication; and received 
for answer: “that there was not”, he immediately wrote to Binns the 
Editor in Philadelphia? a letter giving the declaration of Mr Monroe, 
and requesting him to publish it—which if he does not, Mr Kreamer (who 
is my warm friend) intends to have it published here. This will down the 
contriver ; and make the calumny recoil on the author. If it was intended 
to irratate me, they have missed their mark—I laugh at it. Present me 
to Mrs. Jackson affectionately—to they Andrews and Lyncoya, and to 
all friends. I have only to add, that intrigue is the order of the day 
here. I steer clear of all that suspect of it, I abhor it, and its actors, and 
would not be placed in the Presidential chair by it. Present me affec- 
tionately to Miss. E. to my old friend Capt J. D. and to all friends. 
your affectionate uncle 


P. S. I have heard from mr Monroe this evening and he has not yet 
found it. This makes it necessary for you if you can find it to forward it 
at as early a day as possible. A. J. 


I am informed, south carolina, alab[ama], Missippi, Louisiana, Ten- 
nessee Kentucky, ohio, and Maryland, will all come out in my favour— 
north Carolina and Newyork are divided, this make the present effort 
necessary to endeavour to divide if possible the great leading state Pen- 
sylvania. There is a great Stir in Virginia: and Georgia if she gives 
up her candidate, is said will support me. whether one half of the above 
information is true I cannot say; I give it as I have heard it, for yourself 
only. I am told missouri is coming out also but as I know nothing only 
what others tell me, I let it pass for mere rumor, as you know the Hermi- 
tage is my delight, and my only ambition to dwell on it: adieu A. J. 


To ANpDREW J. DoNELsoNn. 


WASHINGTON, January 21, 1824. 
Dear Andrew, Your letter of the 6th instant is Just recd. I am glad 
to learn that my cotton in part will be shipped so early in this present 
month. I wish to have the debt due my friend Mr Nichols paid. 


1 Parton, who got much information from Maj. W. B. Lewis, creates the impressi 
that it was Lewis’s foresight that produced these letters and preserved then foe tone 
political use. But it is well to remember that Lewis was in Tennessee when plans were 
made in Washington to bring them before the public, and it was to Eaton that they were 
sent. In fact, it seems that the shrewdness was Eaton’s rather than Lewis’s. Parton’s 
Jackson (II. 355-370) deals extensively with this correspondence. In Bassett’s Jackson 
(I. 339-344), an account is given of the means by which the correspondence was made 
to serve political ends. For the letters referred to, see vol. II., pp. 261, 263, 266. 

? Editor of the Democratic Press. See the Recollections of John Binns, pp. 246-249. 


February, 1824 225 


I hope you have made the necessary arangements with him for this 
purpose—by directing the amount of sales of the cotton when made to be 
remmitted to him, or direct to you at Nashville. The amount of Sales 
over the account of Mr Nichols I wish retained. its being in states notes, 
will be usefull on our Journey here next fall: I was charged 33 per cent 
advance on my Tennessee funds on my way hither at Abington. The 
Public lands in Alabama will not be sold this year, Therefore Mr Craw- 
ford will not be able to redeem his Pledge to his friends, but it is my 
opinion the[y] ought, the delay is injurious both to the country and to 
those who are waiting to purchase for settlement, as well as the Govern- 
ment. 

The Intrigue is still going on here; but it will not avail, a letter from 
a gentleman of N. Carolina of the first respectability was shewn me 
today, who says if Pensylvania declares for me N Carolina is certain. 
This days mail brings intelligence of a meeting held at Philadelphia on 
Saturday last, where there were five standards hoisted, one having the 
name of each candidate. Mr C. Price writes me they were all deserted 
but one and that bore the insignia of Jackson. This being a trial at the 
place where the other candidate expected to make an impression on 
Pensylvania, and at a time when all were invited to attend has cast the 
die, and has fixed Pensylvania—and of course N Carolina—if Judge 
Murphys information is true. I found many gloomy faces today in the 
Senate Hall. It is said There is to be a caucus. This I cannot believe— 
but it is the last hope of the friends of Mr Crawford, and I have no doubt 
it will be attempted—with what success time will determine. But it 
appears to me that such is the feelings of the nation that a recommenda- 
tion by a congressional caucus would politically Damn any name put 
forth by it. write me often and my D’r young friend be attentive to 
your aunt and write me often. I wrote you for copies of the Presidents 
letters to me on the subject of his cabinett in 1816, or early in 1817, and 
copies of my answers or letters to him recommending Colo Drayton of 
Charleston and Mr Adams. send me copies of all. your friend and 
affectionate uncle 


Joun H. Eaton To Mrs. Jackson. 
WASHINGTON, February 8, 1824. 

My dear Madam, I have lately recvd. a letter from you, and now reply 
because I am unwilling at any time to be a debtor and more particularly 
where the obligation is to a lady. But then my head is so full just now of 
politics bills laws and such like trash as to be wholly unable to work my 
fancy up to any point that can give interest to a letter. Well this makes 
no difference, for inasmuch as there is a very strong probability that 
‘ere long you may be required to come into our political Corps and join 
with us in the great affairs of the nation, it would not be a misplaced 
[attempt] even were I to tell you, all about the little workings, manage- 
ment and intrigue that passes on here amidst our learned band of Con- 
gressmen. would you believe it we are so depraved as scarcely ever 
to go to church, unless to the Capitol * where visits are made rather for 


1 At this time religious services on Sundays were often held in the Capitol. 


226 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the purpose of shewing ones self, than that any pious feeling prompts ; 
and then it has such an air of fashion, and shew to go there; more like 
going into a theatre than to the house of worship. Oh we are truly a 
a wonderous set: not much inferior to the good people of Sodom and 
Gomorrah spoken of in olden times, who perished, not on account of 
their virtues. In this list the Genl is not included, for every Sunday he 
takes himself to some one of the churches, and returns again about 
1 Oclock. Now while writing to you, he is off, attending to the admoni- 
tory voice of some good Divine. 

Genl. Jacksons health is most excellent. The climate agrees well with 
him, and he seems in better health than he has been since the war. Mr. 
Adams and mr Calhouns partys over he has declined altogether going out 
of evening; and will only go out once again to mr. Monroes drawing 
room. The first good evening he will attend on that duly, and then will 
have ended all his night visits. He has most delightful comfortable quar- 
ters, and is subject to no exposure except in passing to the Capitol which 
we do every day in a warm comfortable close carriage. 

If the Gnl had remained at home, I am satisfied he would not have 
enjoyed such health. His farm would have annoyed him—business would 
have [cal]led him to alabama or Nashville, exposure and wet would have 
been met with; but here nothing of that is found. Gowing and returning 
from the Capitol is ample exercise; and when at home the reading and 
replying to letters, and sitting with a round of pleasant company that is 
perputally calling to see him, keeps his mind employed and his sperits 
cheerful. ’Tis very well he came here. Call and myself are all that live 
with him, and we are quite comfortable and happy I assure you 


with my great respects yours 


Having returned from church, our friend handed me this letter to put a 
P. S. to; I have only to say that it is true, as my letter of yesterday will 
have advised you. mr and mrs Monroe, and mrs Watson and family, 
who I have Just seen, begs me to present to you their kind respects. A. J. 


To Captain JoHN DoneEtson.' 


; WASHINGTON, February 9, 1824. 
Dear Sir, Your letter of the 23d ult, which is just received affor[d]ed 
me much pleasure; the account you give of my overseer and the progress 
of my farm and domestic concerns is gratifying.? I feel grateful to my 


arte ions Soc. ; a in Parton’s Jackson, III. 40. 

uring this year Governor Willie Blount, writing about Jackson : 

spoke as follows: “Although I have ever considered him to “4 among a ae cousin 
men of my acquaintance, both in public and private life, I was really surprised to find his 
farm in such excellent order, and so very productive, under all the circumstances relating 
to his great absence from home attending the public relations during the late war and 
since. His farming land is, as you know, very fertile, very beautiful, and eligibly situate 
for comfort. It is largely improved, handsomely arranged with gratifying appearance to 
the visitors at his most hospitable house, open to all who have the pleasure of his 
acquaintance, and who travel through his neighborhood, none of whom pass that wa 
without calling on him for social intercourse, viewing him to be the polite gentleman . 
home and abroad and the friend of man everywhere. His every arrangement for farmin 
on an extensive scale delights the man of observation; his fields are extensive and Hid 


cultivated as a garden; his meadows and pastures are extensive and neatly kept; his 


February, 1824 227 


young female friends for their attention to Mrs J. that her spirits should 
be kept up is alltogether important to her health; and nothing as likely to 
obtain this, as the company of her young female friends. 

The view you have taken of our relations with Urope; and the inten- 
tion of the combination of the Holy aliance, are well founded. I have no 
confidence in England. nothing but her interest will induce her to take 
a stand against the combination of Europe, but this may; her own situa- 
tion is not without its perils; Rusia has been endeavoring to shut her 
fabrics from her dominion, South america has opened to her view a 
profitable commerce, and a markett for her manufactures, this may induce 
England to act in behalf of South america; and her interest will induce 
her ; If it does; with the stand the U. States has, and will take, the Despots 
of Europe will pause before they attempt to interfere with South america. 

The presidential question begin to agitate the minds of the people much; 
the attempt of a small minority of the members of congress to get up a 
caucus, force public opinion to take up a particular candidate will still 
agitate it more; and I trust will eventuate in prostrating the caucus system 
alltogether; should the people suffer themselves to be dictated to by de- 
signing demagogues, who carry on ev[e]ry thing by intrigue and manage- 
ment, they cannot expect to see the present happy government perpetuated ; 
it must sink under the scenes of corruption that will be practiced under 
such a system, and in time open bribery may, and I have no doubt will 
be resorted to, to obtain a seat in the presidential chair, if the people do 
not assume their rights of choosing a president themselves. 

In this contest I take no part; I have long since prepared my mind to 
say with heart felt submission, may the lords will be done; If it is in- 
tended by providence that I should fill the presidential chair, I will submit 
to it with all humility, and endeavor to labour four years with an eye 
single to the public good, imploring the guidance of providence in all 
things; but be assured, it will be an event that I never wished, nor ex- 
pected. My only ambition was to spend the remainder of my days in 
domestic retirement, with my little family; it has turned out otherwise to 
my great annoyance; still I submit with proper resignation. 


To ANDREW J. DONELSON.’ 


WASHINGTON, February 12, 1824. 

... . You will have seen from the papers and my last letter that there 
are to be a caucus of a small minority on the 14th instant; 181 against 
going into caucus; from which it is evident that this minority are deter- 
mined as far as their influence will go, to coerce public opinion; not as 
usual for caucus to follow it: no doubt remains with me but they will 
prostrate both their candidate and themselves in public opinion. 

Pensylvania, is said to be firm, Newyork will not it is believed support 
the caucus candidate, Maryland and north Carolina will go with Pensyl- 


stock of horses, cattle, sheep, and hogs are of the best kind, and all in excellent order; 

his domestics and hirelings are all contented and comfortably provided for, and their 

daily labor is a pleasure to them.” Blount added that Jackson had 100 acres in cotton and, 

enough corn land to yield 2000 barrels (of five bushels each), and that his crops of small 

grain were abundant. From notes collected by Mr. William E. Beard, Nashville, Tenn. 
1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


228 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


vania, Newjersy, So. Carolina will follow in her train, if this Happens, 
Virginia will not, dare not, seperate from Pensylvania, and the western 
states will unite. I give the above, as the information derived from 
those who are in correspondence with the influential charectors in the 
differrent states. But there are now here charectors from all parts 
of the union, intriguing on this subject; and if intrigue, management 
and corruption can avail, the Treasury candidate may (altho at present 
politically dead) be resussatad; and become the strongest; nothing but 
the virtue of the people can prevent this; and to them, and them alone 
I look for a proper stand, such as will put down this system of intrigue, 
and restore the election of President to the people. ... . 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


WASHINGTON, February 15, 1824. 

. . . . 1 do assure you the applications for office here are many and I 
am so much disgusted with the want of energy in some of the Depart- 
ments, that I hate to press any man in whose independence and virtue 
I have confidence, finding as I have, that every thing is carried by 
intrigue, and management: promises are made often and not complied 
with; and this gives rise to murmurs and dissatisfaction. In short sir 
all things here appear to bend to the approaching presidential election. 
It is now a contest between a few demagogues and the people; and it is 
to be seen whether a minority less than one fourth of the whole mem- 
bers of congress, can coerce the people to follow them; or whether they 
people will assume their constitutional rights and put down these dema- 
gogues; who say our course is necessary, for if you leave the election 
to the people: they will elect a certain individual who is obnoxious to 
us. This my dear sir is as much as to say they people are incapable 
of self government; and yet they call themselves Democratic Republicans. 
You will see the Resolutions of the citizens of Baltimore on the 13th, 
the evening before the caucus was to be held here; they are strong and 
speak the language of freemen; who are determined to maintain their 
rights, and perpetuate their republican form of government. 

The caucus was held last night, they [sic] the whole number who 
attended was sixty-six, Crawford got sixty two votes present, and two 
by proxy; both sick absent, and one perhaps dead. Having been six 
times interrupted since I commenced writing, has detained this letter 
untill the extra sheet of the Washington Republican has reached me. 
I enclose it for you and Mr James Jackson. 

I intended this day to have written Mr J Jackson but from the various 
calls of gentlemen I have been prevented, I shall write him the first 
leisure. I have not heard whether the suit, myself vs Andrew Erwin and 
others have been compromised agreeable to the articles entered into: I 
learn that Mr Darby has not returned to Tennessee, I enclose to you a 
letter I have recd from Mr McLemore, I wish you to shew it to Mr James 
Jackson and then preserve it untill I see you; I wish you to do this that 
Mr James Jackson may believe that my recollection, altho impaired, still, 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


February, 1824 229 


on important subjects, serves me pretty well; and when the papers aluded 
to are seen, they will fully shew that, Mr Darby there fully and expressly 
acknowledges that no person but James and myself have any interest 
in the suit pending. I hope the suit is settled, if it is, I am sure it will 
be a lesson to me; and keep me from law the ballance of my life. If 
settled I hope Mr James Jackson has acted liberally with Mr Darby, this 
I requested, but one thing is certain if the suit is not at an end, Mr Darby, 
from what I learn, will not return to Tennessee; of course we will not 
have his services in the prosecution ; I therefore wish it at an end. 

I do assure you I am wearied already with the life of a Legislature; 
but would you believe it, that I have become a perfect philosopher: It 
is true when I sée the scenes of intrigue and management that is going on 
here; my honest indignation arises within me. I look forward and heave 
a sigh for the liberties of my country, which must be destroyed by a 
continuation of such a course. I still have confidence in they people that 
they will preserve their liberty by exercising their constitutional rights. 

The 4th of next month the delegation chosen to meet in convention 
to make an electoral tickett in pennsylvania, will unmask her strength; 
Maryland, Newjersey, North and South Carolina, Ohio, will follow her; 
and it is believed by many, Virginia will not dare to seperate from her; 
time will unfold the verity of this. 

Present me affectionately to Polly and your sweet little children, to 
Mr and Mrs Jackson and the family, to Capt Jack and Eliza, to Capt 
Savage and his family, and to all my friends in your neighborhood and 
in Florence, and believe me your friend 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


WASHINGTON, February 22, 1824. 

. . . . I found shortly after my arival here that the surveyor Genls 
office for the Floridas was intended for Colo Preston late governor of 
Virginia,? he had been appointed commissioner of land claims, held it 
nearly two years, recd the emoluments, and never went there. I had, in 
justice to Colo Butler, to interpose his claim, and bring to Mr Monroes 
recollection his promise to do something for Butler, and I have obtained 
his promise that he shall be provided for in Florida,* and Mr Preston 
provided for otherwise. from the circumstance of the officers appointed 
for Florida not going and residing there, a bill has been brought in for 
the purpose of compelling all officers appointed for, to reside in Florida; 
This, unless part can be thrown into your District would compell you to 
reside in Florida, which you do not wish. Suffice it for the present to add; 
that Mr Graham and myself will erange all things as far as we have the 
power for the best, I have no friend on earth who possesses more of my 
affection than you, Mrs J only excepted. 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. . 
2 James P. Preston, governor of Virginia 1815-1819. | , 
3 Col. Robert Butler was commissioner of land claims in Florida 1824-1849. 


230 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I thank you for the attention you have paid to the interest of my dear 
little Hutchings, when the crop is disposed of please give me information 
of the amount; They fifty five bales is a good crop I should suppose. I 
hope Mr Nicholson will continue, as he has done, to do his duty. It 
would afford me pleasure to hear how you have progressed with your 
mill; the amount of cotton you have raised, etc. etc. It is true I am much 
oppressed with business and with company. I had once a hope of ease and 
retirement in my old age: but I fear that hope was vain, I admire your 
determination never to embark into a political life, in which I can assure 
you there is no pleasure for me; to be seperated from ones family, at my 
age, is a sacrifice too great to be made by me. Into this I have been forced 
by my country without my wishes ; and my name by that country has been 
brought before the nation equally opposed to my wishes, and I am placed 
in a situation that I cannot use my free will in withdrawing from the 
political contest, and its is now probable that I will be made a slave to the 
public for six years to come. 

It is now announced by Mr Calhouns friends in pennsylvania that he 
is withdrawn and the whole weight of that state will support me, This to 
my friends is gratifying, but to you as my boosom friend I can say with 
truth, that altho I feel gratefull to my country for this act of confidence, 
still to be a slave to office in my declining years has no charms for me. 
But should I be elected serve I must, and will devote my best judgt to the 
good of my country. But why should I give way to these gloomy thoughts, 
they are for your own eye, and I suppress them. I must refer you to 
the public journals for the current news. ... . 


To ANDREW J. DONELSON.* 
Private 
WASHINGTON, February 26, 1824. 

Dear Andrew, I recd your letter with the wished for inclosures on 
yesterday ; the other two letters, I have obtained copies of, you for the 
present may cease your search. I am now prepared to stand upon the 
defensive should an attack be made; I am sure it was intended ; but it may 
be seen by those who intended it, that I am prepared, should it be made, 
to make it recoil upon them. Providence has been kind to me: I did 
suppose I had been sufficiently guarded, reposing confidence only where 
I had a right to think it was well placed, and where it would not be 
violated: however with all my experience of man, I have been decived, 
but without injury I hope; be you my son on your guard, and profit by 
my admonition formerly given you, and now repeated. I would not 
wish you to take up an idea from this; that I believe it proceded (in mr 
monroe) from a wicked or deceptive mind; but from a weakness, and 
reposing confidence in my Enemy Lacock etc. etc. who it is supposed 
purloined his confidential letter. 

The appearence of the Radicals are Gloomy here, their countenance 
betrays despair, and the news from Pensylvania has destroyed all their 
hopes; I have every reason to expect all their batteries to be opened 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


February, 1824 231 


against me; and the attack was commenced by the publication that a letter 
of mine had been read to two senators,” advising him to appoint two 
Federalists and two republican in his cabinet. This was denied by mr 
monroe; and also by myself, and the senator stands in an aukard dilemma, 
and mr monroe not in a pleasant one: But this is a matter between them, 
that I have, nor intend to have, nothing to do with. 

My health is not as good as it has been, but better than when I left 
you. I have a great deal of writing and you know this is oppressive; 
however my friend Eaton has acted like a friend; he is worthy of, and 
shall receve my warmest gratitude so long as I live. I am anxious to 
hear from you, what markett my cotton has met with—when you receive 
account of sales advise me. I wish you to close my account with my 
friend Josiah Nichols to whom present me respectfully. I mean when I 
say my account, to includge yours. I believe there is no other, unless 
at Stuarts and Co. and I believe not any there, but least there should, 
I wish you to enquire. Should Mrs. J. have created any account at any 
other place than at mr Nichols have it paid, and furnish your aunt with 
any mony she may want. My Dear Andrew attend to your aunt, and 
keep her spirits up, and when you receive the account of sales of the 
cotton advise her of it, as it will be gratefull for her to know it, present 
me affectionately to her and the young ladies and the two andrews, and 
when you are at the Hermitage attend to the boys as much as your Leisure 
will permit. 

I have recd a letter from Danl, he is well and doing well, and so is 
saml Hays they desire to be presented affectionately to you, your aunt, 
and all friends. 

You will see by the papers that on the 4th of March next Pensylvania 
will nominate her candidate for President, the present prospects are that 
she will nominate me; But every nerve will be strained to change her deter- 
mination, North Carolina will go with her, and Virginia notwithstanding 
her Legislative caucus, is wavering, The people are beginning to stir, and 
when they do they will be heard. Newyork will not support Crawford, 
and I have but little doubt but he will be dropt; when this is done I have 
no feelings or wishes on the subject—had I a choice, I would prefer a 
retired life on my farm, for I do assure you there is no happiness for me, 


2The two senators involved were William Findlay, a Jackson man, and Walter 
Lowrie, a Crawford man, both from Pennsylvania. In the following note to President 
Monroe, Feb. 21, 1824, Lowrie reveals how he got the supporting evidence for his 
statement : f . 

“ Sir The contents of this note will not surprise you more than the circumstance which 
is the occasion of it has done me. This morning I received an anonamous letter, with the 
post mark of Richmond Va, 19 Feb. containing a copy, as is alleged, of your letter to 
Genl Jackson, in answer to the one alleged to have been written by him to you on the 
‘subject of forming your administration from the two parts of this union. The marks of 
authenticity on the letter sent to me cannot be disputed. What course I will pursue, 
I have not determined, I will not act rashly on the subject. I have shewed the paper to 
no one, tho’ I have consulted one member of the Senate relative to it.” ’ 

No explanation is obtainable of the origin of the anonymous letter received by Lowrie. 
Part of the enclosure in it was in Jackson’s handwriting and part in that of Hay, Monroe's 
son-in-law. Jackson said it was stolen from his papers. It is probable that it was taken 
out by some friend of Jackson’s who considered that if it got into Lowrie’s hands events 
would follow which would bring the whole correspondence before the public. The sequel 
showed that such a course did follow. 


232 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


in Public life.? I find mankind Treacherous, and corrupt, and virtue to 
be found amonghst the farmers of the country alone, not about courts, 
where courtiers dwell. I have Just recd a letter from your aunt since I 
have commenced this letter I shall write her tomorrow, 

I am your affectionate uncle 


P. S. Iam anxious to hear the fate of Doctor Butlers Draft I endorsed 
for him. 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasuHinctTon, March 2, 1824. 

My dear wife, your last affectionate letter requested that I should write 
you weekly; to gratify you I comply, but have nothing to communicate 
worthy of your attention, except that my general health is good. I had 
taken a little cold some weeks ago, which had fell upon my lungs and 
occasioned a slight cough; but thank god, I am again almost clear of 
it; I can say with truth, that I have been blessed with much better health 
this winter than I have been for manyy,and had I you with me, my mind 
would be at ease and I could enjoy my time much better than I do. 
without you, my mind is not at ease, as I am convinced yours is not. 

I ever will regret that my country imposed the present duty on me; 
still it had a claim, it Judged it right, and I will endeavour to reconcile 
myself to it; it is inconsistant with a soldier to complain. I have Just 
recd from Doctor Bedford and Mackey Neworleans the amount of the 
sales of the 50 Bales of Cotton shipped for me to them; It has sold 
well, at 151% cents pr bl, the amount of sales $3910,27. expences and 
commissions $313.89 leaving the neat proceeds to be remitted to my agent 
Capt A. J. Donelson at Nashville the sum of $3596: 38. I give you this 
information least my young friend, Mr Donelson may not have recd the 
letter adressed to him, should that be the fact, please let him know of this. 
I have directed Mr Donelson to have my last years account fully closed 
and you furnished with such sum as you may want; and the ballance made 
a special deposit in Banks. my Love, I wish you to have every thing that 
will make you comfortable. Providence gives us the means that we may 
rationally enjoy his bounty. as soon as the amount of sales of my cotton 
reach Nashville I wish Mr Parsons to be paid his last years wages. 

Say to my son and little Hutchings I have not recd their promised 
letters ; say to my son, to remember my advice, that was, never to make 
a promise but what he complies with: allways to reflect before the promise 
is made, but when made, to be sure to comply with it. Present me to 


3 Senator Eaton, writing to Judge John Overton, at Nashville, Feb. 20, 1824 (Tenn. 
Hist. Soc., Overton MSS.), sums up the political situation as follows: “ You will before 
this letter reaches you have seen the proceedings of the caucus, and how are fading 
away the lingering prospects of the Rads. What New York will do, who sustain is yet 
uncertain, Crawford or Adams as the one or the other shall obtain the vote of this State 
will be strongest, and Jackson without it is second best. Mr. Crawford’s friends are 
sanguine in their hope of obtaining the vote of this State. Van Buren says it will be 
so, and as he claims N. Y. to himself none have a better right to know. It is a matter 
though not at all certain if General Jackson will not prove strong there, even as 
Mr. Crawford. Pennsylvania is now conceded to the General. From No. Carolina the 
prospects of the old man are most encouraging, and equally so too from So. Carolina. 
A Crawford member of Congress from Maryland says that Jackson will obtain at least 
5 of the votes of that State. On this subject my spirits and calculations are good.” 


March, 1824 233 


the young ladies who may be with you, to my friend Capt J. Donelson 
and family, to Mrs Donelson and hers, to Colo Butler and his and to all 
my good neighbours, and accept my prayers for your health and happiness 
and that of all the family. your affectionate Husband 


Major Eaton and Genl call unite in respects to you. The attention of 
them both is great, But that of Major Eaton more than a son. my grati- 
tude is great to him. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


City or WASHINGTON, March 4, 1824. 

. ... I have just recd your letter of the 13th ult. I have recd from 
Bedford and Mackey, accounts of sales of my fifty bales of cotton: Iam 
well pleased with the sales, and I will thank you when you write them 
to inform them I will write them as soon as I have leisure. I have ten 
more bales Parsons writes me, which will weigh 5000, this is doing well 
in Tennessee. I’ have not recd any letter from Nicholson, it must have 
been lost by the way. 

You will order one of Carvers Ginns for little Hutchings farm. I do 
not know that I will have any use for the money arising from the sale 
of my little ward Hutchings cotton. you will retain it in your hands 
untill I return, and if I should have no use for it, if times will authorise 
a loan of it untill the sales of the land, we will do so. My expences will be 
pretty heavy next year, I must and will bring Mrs Jackson on with me, 
and for this reason untill I return I wish you'to hold the money. It is 
strange I have not had any letter from my friend James Jackson... . . 

You will no doubt have seen in the papers the account of the caucus 
here of less than one fourth of the members. If I am a judge of human 
nature this will create a reaction, and prostrate the candidate they have 
attempted to impose upon the nation by a small minority, in open contempt 
of public opinion. This day the delegates from the whole state of penn- 
sylvania meet to form an electoral tickett. This will give tone to the states 
on the south and west. N. Carolina has formed a tickett contrary to the 
caucus tickett, which will prevail; Virginia will form one also, and I am 
sure Virginia will not seperate from both New York and pennsylvania. 
It is thought Newjersy and Maryland will go with pennsylvania. ... . 


To SAMUEL SWARTWOUT." 


WASHINGTON, March 4, 1824. 

Dear sir: Accept my thanks for your friendly letter of the 1st Instant 
which has just reached me. You are right in supposing me pretty much 
engaged, not in attending however to Legislative matters, for indeed, 
there are so many, who by their itch for discowrsing, seem desirous to 
enlighten and inform the community and their bretheren associates, that 
I am content rather to be a listener, than an actor: I have however a 
numerous list of correspondents to attend to, inasmuch as many of my 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


1From the collection of the late Mr. Henry De Puy, Easton, Md. Printed by Mr. 
De Puy in the Proceedings of the Am. Antiq. Soc., April, 1921. 


234 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


old soldiers in arms, hearing that I have turned politician, prefer sending 
their long standing and almost obsolete claims to me in the hope that | 
may be able to do something for them. An old soldier you know, should 
not in times of peace forget his old associates, no[r] do they permit it. 
of course I have many inquiries to reply to, for outstanding and uremun- 
erated services. 

But notwithstanding this, I have some little leisure time on my hand, 
when it is a pleasure to me, to hear from, and to answer my friends. It 
will always afford me pleasure, I assure you, to hear from you; and should 
I prove in default at any time, you will at once attribute it to the true 
account. 

Regarding the particular object of your letter, you are sufficiently ac- 
quainted with me, and with my principles, to accord with this remark, that 
of all men in the country I can know least about matters going on. The 
world calls me, and the world believes me, a wonderfully ambitious man, 
bent upon my own purposes, and regardless of all else besides. If I know 
anything of myself, I can at least venture to say, that they are greatly 
mistaken, and that they do not know me. 

I have seen and enjoyed much of the honor, the confidence, and the 
regard of my country, and it is gratefull to me, because that it has been 
extended without any covert solicitation on my part: yet had it never 
dreamed of me for any higher future part, than that of a private citizen, 
and suffered me on my own farm, to have been a spectator, rather than 
an actor, im events to come, I should have been contented and happy. 
Mankind may, or may not, believe it; and surely what I say will not con- 
vince them to the contrary ; yet with truth can I, and do I say, that in noth- 
ing in which I have been engaged, did I ever look to myself. I never yet 
have been, and hope never to be placed in any situation where fear and 
trembling shall overtake me in discharge of my duty; and where that is 
discovered, with a conviction arising that my country may be benefitted 
by my acts, I shall proceed regardless of censure. I am getting my dear Sir 
rather too far advanced in life now, to be goaded by feelings of improper 
ambition. The alone wish of my heart, is that the country in which I live, 
and of which I am truly proud, may for all time to come continue free, 
prosperous, and happy as she is, and has been. A man of fifty-seven, 
should be without any feelings of ambition, except what duty to the in- 
terest of his country and a regard for his own honor and character may 
dictate. 

I am Sir with great respect and esteem 


Your most obdt. servt. 


To ANDREW J. DoNnELson.* 


WASHINGTON, March 6, 1824. 
Dear Andrew, your letters of the 12th and 15th Ult. with mine to 
Mr Monroe of the 4th march 1817 inclosed, reached me in due course of 
mail. I should have replied sooner but really I am so pressed with a mul- 


tiplicity of letters and business; that I am really oppressed, and have 
scarcely time for necessary rest. 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


March, 1824 235 


The letters on the subject of Colo. Drayton and mr Adams have been 
recd. whether they may become necessary or not I cannot say, the battery 
was unmasked, but has become silent thro fear of exposure as I believe— 
you know I have allways acted on the defensive and mean to do so now. 

I had recd account of sales of my cotton before your letter reached me 
direct from Bedford and Mackey. I am pleased with the sales; ? If you 
should, (which I suppose you will) want any mony, my son use it, I want 
only oeconomy exercised so that next fall I may have the means of ample 
support on my Journey hither, and next winter whilst here. You must 
accompany me next fall, I have been at a loss for some aid in writing. my 
friend Major Eaton does all he can, but he has his own to attend to, which 
is very laborious. I have allways wished that my name had not been 
brought before the nation as President. I should now have been enjoying 
peacefull retirement; But as it has been brought before the nation, and 
the Radicals now heap upon me every scurrilous slanderous abuse that 
falshood can suggest, I am Glad my name is before the nation, truth is 
allways predominant where reason is left free to combat error, and I 
have no fear that my charector will stand the test of the most exact scru- 
tiny, both my public and private, and I court it from the nation. They 
friends of the caucus candidate think they can by their vile abuse rous 
my feelings to some act of violence; in this they have much mistaken my 
charector, These wretches who possess no proper feelings for charector, 
because they do not know the vallue of it; having never possessed it them- 
selves, think that the end is worthy of the means, and surely I agree cor- 
dially with them, that their cause being a bad one, the means they employ 
coinside with it. I never read the city Gazzett or the Richmond enquirer, 
therefore do not know the extent of their abuse. The subjects the[y] 
embrace, if I am rightly informed, will increase my standing with the 
nation more than any other course they can pursue; they will elect me, 
contrary to their wishes, by their abuse. I do assure you my Young friend, 
that I would rather be abused by these hireling writers than receive their 
praise, for the praise of such men would be viewed by all honest disin- 
terested men, as a cause to suspect my honesty and integrity. When I 
review my course, my conscience tells me I have acted right—it was a 
course marked out with the sole view to the good of my country—an 
honest community view, and approve it as such, and I am at perfect peace 
with myself.* 


2 The fluctations in the price of cotton may be seen in the record of Jackson’s sales in 
1824-1827. In 1824 his first shipment to New Orleans, 51 bales, brought 13% cents a 
pound ; his second shipment, 10 bales, brought 30 cents a pound. In 1825 he raised 71 bales 
and hoped to sell it at 15 cents a pound. (Jackson to Coffee, Feb. 2, 1826.) In 1827 he sold 
his crop of 1826 for from 8 to 9 cents a pound and considered the price fair. Jackson to 

‘Coffee, Feb. 26, 1827. 

3 The following letter from Eaton to Judge John Overton, Mar. 2, 1824 (Tenn. Hist. 
Soc., Overton MSS.), illustrates the kind of abuse Jackson had in mind: 

“Dear Sir: Today I have written to Mr. Crutcher with the request that he and you 
should give me information of the circumstances of General Jackson’s marriage. Here- 
tofore the Radicals have not dreaded him; but now seemingly a most prominent rival, they 
are bringing all their batteries to bear against him; and yesterday I was told by a friend 
of ours, that they were preparing to attack him on this ground. They will doubtless 
make a very varnished and false presentation of the facts, and delicate as it may be to 


236 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


you will see the result of the Harrisburgh convention of the 4th instant 
before this reaches you; If unanimous, it creates unanimity in No Caro- 
lina and the sou[th we]st and and the people will elect the President. you 
know I have but one feeling, and that is that the caucus candidate may not 
prevail; I am sure myself that mr Adams is much stronger than he is. 

Present me to your aunt affectionately tell her my health continues 
good but when I can leave here, I yet cannot say... . . 


James TALLMADGE TO JACKSON. 


Arsany, March 6, 1824. 

Hon’d Sir. I have hitherto avoided to write on the Presidential ques- 
tion. The peculiar state of things in Newyork, induces me to write to you. 
The state of N.york is inclined to oppose Mr. Crawford. The 36. votes 
of this state can be given for an opposing candidate to him, and This 
either—with—or without the Electoral law now under discussion here.* 
It however becomes indispensible to have a concentration on some one 
candidate—we can not stand much longer Divided between so many can- 
didates, The People here must have a precise object. In case of a concen- 
tration, Genl. Jackson President, Mr. Adams Vice President, or even 
vice versa, the vote of this state may be counted upon. without some con- 
centration, and that shortly, I fear, this state may not continue safe. All 
is now in our hands—we understand mr. Calhoun, will not be in the way. 

Several friends have urged me to write—we hope soon to have a 
course opened for us to pursue, and to receive information. There is 
much excitement arising from our electoral Bill and other local causes. 
The season for acting is at hand. The state administration is acting for 
mr. Crawford. It must be met, and a definite object, be held up to our 
People. I have this Day written, to mr. Adams, of the same import. 
Permit me to tender to you Renewed assurance of the very high Respect 


entertained by me for your character. I am with great Regard your Obdt. 
Servt. 


To Mrs. JAcKSON. 


WasHInGcTON, March 6, 1824. 
My Dear wife. My health continues much better than I had aright to 
expect, taking into view the labour I have necessarily to undergo. I have 
seen Mrs. Watson and family today who all Join in a tender of their 
affectionate regard to you. I recd a letter yesterday with a request when 


go into a man’s family concerns, necessity demands that we should at least be possessed 
of the facts, that we may act defensively, This is a business about which nothing is to be 
said — precaution is necessary. I only want the facts, that they may be used here, 
if necessary. State them to me! Could Mr. Craighead’s statement, being a minister, 
be had, it would be well, I know not this matter but have always understood that there 
was no criminal imputation about it—that Mrs. Jackson lived dissatisfied under her first 
marriage, and married again after being legally divorced. The story is that he violently 
drove the man away, etc. Write me about it, and speedily—I do not think but that he is 
to be elected.” 

1 Bill for the choosing of presidential electors by the people instead of by the legis- 
lature; it was passed by the lower house but was defeated in the Senate. 


March, 1824 237 


I wrote you, to convay to you the kind respects of Mr and Mrs. Ely? and 
Mrs Carswell 

The subject of Mr Elys letter was to invite me again to vissit the City 
of Philadelphia and to make his house, whilst there. my home, with a 
threat from the ladies that If I did not, when they vissit Tennessee they 
cannot think of going to my house. His letter is a very friendly one, and 
should I return that way I do not know how I can help going to his house; 
This with such a cavalcade as I must have about me, whilst in the city, is 
too much to impose upon a private family. This altho in my letter to him 
I have pointed out, still he insists is not a sufficient excuse. I would to god 
I could say to you with certainty at what time I could leave this city; as 
yet I cannot. There is one thing I can say, that I will leave it the earliest 
moment I can with propriety; Untill I unite with you I pray god that he 
may take you and our little fellows, with all the family in his holy keeping. 

your affectionate husband 
P. S. my respects to all friends. 


To JAMEs TALLMADGE.* 


WASHINGTON, March 12, 1824. 

D’r Sir, Your friendly Letter of the 6th of March was yesterday 
recvd, and as candor is the language by me always admired, I thank you 
for the freedom with which you have spoken your sentiments. The sub- 
ject on which you have written is indeed one of intrest, to the american 
people; the feelings they evince, and the excitement manifested thro the 
nation is confirmatory of the fact. I am well pleased to see it, inasmuch as 
there is evedence in it, that they are awake to the rights that belong to 
them, nor disposed with passive submission to yield them. 

On the subject brought to my consideration by your Letter, I have all 
along forborne to speak, for the reason of its delicacy; and because any 
thing to be said by me, might be imputed to selfish consideration; if how- 
ever I know any thing of myself, no such feeling has, or shall control me. 
To you however I will speak, as you have done, freely — without reserve. 
The principles which have governed me thro life, will I hope not forsake 
me, in the present situation in which I am placed. I remember not, ever 
to have solicited an office: my Country it is true has been kind to me, and 
perhaps beyond any merits of mine; but it has been thro her own volan- 
tary notion, and not from any solicitation of mine; and when my name 
was presented to the nation, for the important and highly responsible 
office of Chief magistrate, none certainly less expected it, and none de- 
sired it less than I did. I was aware, that, even if elected, the trouble of 
fatigue which would necessarily devolve, would add nothing to my quiet 

or happiness ; while judging from the past, I foresaw that every little error 
and indiscretion of life would be treasured, and magnified into crimes of 
the deepest die. A portion of my Country however from no solicitation 
on my part have thought proper to consider me worthy of this high post; 
and acting on the principles which have always governed me, I am con- 


1See p. 223, note, 
1 Draft. Handwriting of John H. Eaton. 


238 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


tent for her to decide without any sort of interference on my part. Should 
she call me to act I shall, as I always have done, act with that decision and 
judgment of which I am capable, without any regard to the benefit or 
injury to be produced to myself; and should the choice fall on any other, 
believe me, my dear Sir, that not one moments displeasure will be felt by 
me. I shall then be a private citisen, and in that character, shall under- 
stand my duty better than were I to be placed in an high and elevated 
situation. 

On the subject of your Letter therefore, I can give no opinion other 
than what is already offered, that my mind will rest contented at any de- 
cision which my Country may freely, and of her own accord pronounce. 
Could I assure success to myself, by any sort of combination, manage- 
ment or intrigue, I declare to you most truly, it would not be resorted to. 
Let my friends therefore every where, adopt that course which, by my 
belive, will best conduce to the interest of the Country; and whatever it 
may be, I assure them I shall rest contented 

With my best wishes for your health and happiness I am with great 
respect 

Yr Mo Obt 


To ANDREW J. DoNELSON.* 


WasuHIncTon, March 13, 1824. 

Dear Andrew, I have not recd. any letter from you since the one I 
answered; The intended attack has not yet been made, that made the let- 
ters requested, and which you forwarded, necessary; nor do I now think 
the conspirators will unmask themselves. 

The proceedings of the convention to form an Electoral Tickett in Pen- 
sylvania you will have seen before this reaches you: The State of New 
York now labours under great excitement, she will unmask herself with 
all the majesty of her strength shortly: It will not be for Mr. Crawford, 
as, is now believed here; a letter from Albany from a very influential mem- 
ber of the Assembly states, that Mr Crawford cannot, nay, will not, get 
the vote of N York. Should this prove true he must be dropped by his 
friends. It is now certain or is believed by the most influencial men in 
N Carolina that he stands no chance of getting the vote of that State. I 
allways did believe, that under the present feeling of the nation that a 
caucus here would prostrate the man it recommended, and now I have 
no doubt of the correctness of that opinion. The people will govern, and 
it is right the[y] should. The papers will give you all the news of this 
place, to them I refer you, The mail waits. Compliments to all friends. 
I wrote your aunt yesterday. 


affectionately adieu 


To Mrs. Jackson. 


WASHINGTON, March 19, 1824. 
My Dear wife, your kind letter of the Ist instant is before me; I feel 
that gratitude to our great Creator which is due, for the health you enjoy: 


_ 1 Collection of Jackson manuscripts in the possession of Miss Pauline Wilcox, Wash- 
ington, D. C. ; 


March, 1824 239 


May he continue that blessing to you, and all my family, and bless us with 
a happy meeting once more. Our climate here is very variable, and we 
have experienced a serious of cloudy, rainy, and disagreable days, that 
have been injurious to my health. I have had a small attack of pain in 
my side and cough, but a little blood, and one dose of salts has relieved me. 
The weather is now good and my health fast improving. 

The kind attention of the family in which we live, was very great; it 
was that of friendship, and true christian feeling; I feel gratefull to them. 
I should not have named this sudden and short attack, but I was fearfull 
it might reach you through the papers much magnified, which might 
create great anxiety of mind, and make you unhappy. I am happy you 
have recd Major Eatons letter, and seen that of Genl call; as they must 
have afforded both amusement and pleasure. I am happy to hear that 
Major Lewis and the young Ladies were with you at the date of your 
letter, They will [enliven] your spirits which is very conducive to health. 
when you see them present me to them respectfully—present my thanks 
to Miss Milbury for her staying with [you], with my best respects. 

I cannot as yet say to you the rout I will certainly take, when I leave 
this for home; but, as at present, I think, the steam boat from wheeling 
or pittsburgh will be the most expeditious and easy, my present impres- 
sion is, that I Shall take that rout, and pass from Louisville [to] over- 
tons home. my rout Shall be pointed out to you, when I can say the time 
I will be able to leave here. 

Major Eaton is daily expecting your answer, I hope you have written 
him; altho he attends the house daily, he is like many of the members 
complaining of a bad cold. he together with Genl Call joins in good wishes 
to you—our good family Join in respects to you, and our old friend Judge 
Tucker * has injoined it upon me to present you with his and Mrs Wilsons 
kind respects. Present me kindly to all our friends and neighbours and 
believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


Present me affectionately to the Andrews. 


To Joun McLean.” 


WasHINGTON, March 22, 1824. 

Sir, My friend Colo. Chroghan has made known to me his desire of 
obtaining the office of Postmaster at Neworleans which he is advised will 
become shortly vacant by the resignation of the present incumbent. as I 
am confident he is well qualified; and has high claims upon his country; 
and having the highest opinion of his charecter, It gives me pleasure to 
express my wishes that he may succeed in his application. should the Colo. 
not succeed, which I should sincerely regret, I am requested by several 
Gentlemen from Neworleans to name to you Capt Robson, Capt Saul, 
and Capt Richardson all of whom are well recommended as to good char- 
ecter, and fitness for that office 


1 Probably George Tucker, of Virginia, later distinguished as a professor of law in the 
University of Virginia. ; 

1Copy. John McLean, of Ohio, was Postmaster-General. George Croghan received 
the appointment to which the letter refers. On this letter see J. Q. Adams, Memoirs, 
VII. 201, and Monroe to Skipwith, July 31, 1823, in Bulletin of N. Y. Pub. Lib., VI. 254. 


18 


240 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


It has been stated to me that Mr Fulwar Skipwith ? is an applicant for 
that office; (If so) I feel it is a duty due to the executive to make known 
his conduct during the assault on Neworleans by the British army in the 
late war. Mr Skipwith was speaker of the senate; had been in the confi- 
dence of our Goverment, and in consequence thereof, received mine. 
From his situation I expected much aid from him; You may immagine 
my surprise, when I tell you that instead of being with those who were 
in defence of the country in the then trying crisis, he was found with 
those who were engaged in paralysing my defence. He would neither pro- 
rogue the assembly nor adjourn it to Batonrouge, and when the minority 
abandoned the assembly and tendered their services as volunteers at my 
line of defence; Mr Skipwith remained with those who were charged with 
a design to deliver’the city to, and make terms with the enemy; one part 
of his conduct it is necessary to detail—When I left the city and marched 
against the enemy on the night of the 23rd of Decbr: 1814, I was obliged 
to leave one of my aids in command, having no other confidential officer 
that could be spared from command; a few days after, Mr Skipwith in 
person applied to my aid to be informed what would be my conduct if 
driven from my lines of defence, and compelled to retreat through New- 
orleans; whether I would leave the supplies for the enemy, or destroy 
them. As reported to me by my aid, he wanted this information for the 
assembly, that in case my intention was, to destroy them, they might make 
terms with the enemy, and save the city. Obtaining no satisfaction from 
my aid, a committee of three waited upon me for information on this 
subject. To them I replied: “If I thought the hair of my head knew my 
thoughts upon that subject I would cut it off and burn it. To return to 
their Honourable body and say to them from me, that if I was so unfor- 
tunate as to be beaten from they lines I then occupied, and compelled to 
retreat through Neworleans, they would have a warm session.’ This 
ended my intercourse with the assembly, untill the evening of the 8th of 
January, when Mr Skipwith rode down to congratulate me upon the event. 
From the foregoing you can Judge how much he merits the bounty of 
his Goverment to the exclusion of those, who, have real claims for impor- 
tant service rendered.°® 


I am sir with great respect yr mo. obdt. servt. 


To Mrs, Jackson. 


WasHIncToN, D. C., March 27, 1824. 
My Dear Wife, I have Just recd your kind letter of the 8th instant with 
heartfelt Joy and thankfulness to that kind providence who grants you 
health and cheerfulness. I am gratefull to my friend Major Eaton for 
his letter to you, he and the family we live in are truly kind and attentive 
to me; when the most indisposed ; I find in them, and Genl Call what I may 
call, most truly friends. Still my love, there has been a gloom unusual 


*Fulwar Skipwith of Virginia was consul-general in Paris 1796-1808 i 

} 4 l : governor in 

1810 of the short-lived republic of West Florida, and in 1814 president of ‘the Louisiana 
senate. 


3 In 1827, the present letter having found its way into print, Skipwith i 
letter printed in Martin, History of Louisiana, Il. 367-360. ee eM bos ee ny 


March, 1824 241 


over my spirits this winter that I cannot well account for. I still try to 
arouse my former energy and fortitude to banish it, but it will obtrude it- 
self on me at times. I suppose it arises from being placed in a situation 
in which I take no delight; and being forced from you when I least ex- 
pected that seperation. altho time hangs heavy on me, still I am cheered 
with the prospect of the approaching warm season, and my speedy return 
to you. I cannot yet say at what time congress will rise. When I can, I 
will assuredly point out my rout to you; and if it should be convenient for 
you, it will give me great pleasure that you meet me at some given point. 
I pray you not to give yourself any uneasiness about the farm or any 
thing else; I wish you to keep your mind calm and your spirits cheerfull; 
as I know this is all important to your health. present my respects to Mr 
Parsons and tell him I am much pleased with his good conduct. I have 
delivered your message to Major Eaton, he is glad that you in your letter 
will be silent as to Sodom and Gomorrow. These are things intended for 
yourself, and might be injurious to him here. 

Say to my son I have recd his letter; and forgive liis mistake; tell him 
I noted it that he might hereafter be more carefull, least by carelessness 
he might be lead into a habit of mistakes injurious to him in his passage 
throgh life. say to him he must attend to his writing and spelling. Doctor 
Tucker and Mrs Wilson and Mrs. Watson, Mrs. Oneal and her daughters 
all join in warm respects to you. give my Love'to the Andrews and the 
young ladies and all friends and believe me to be your affectionate 
Husband 


P. S. Tell Lyncoya* I expect him to be a good boy and to hear from 
you when I come home that he has been so in my absence, and has learned 
his Book well. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


WASHINGTON, March 28, 1824. 
Private 

Dear Genl, It is now the close of March and congress has not passed 
one law of a general nature as yet; the tariff bill has engaged the House 
of Representatives for five weeks, and from its progress it will consume 
five more; unless it is posponed, I do not expect any thing beneficial will 
be done this session. I have thought for some time that if the necessary 
appropriations were made it would be beneficial to the nation that we 
should adjourn; there does not appear that spirit of harmony, that is 
allways necessary to exist in the deliberations of the representatives of 
the nation to produce those beneficial results, that tend to promote the 
best interests of our common country. 

From the papers you will discover, that in that dignified body the 
senate of the United States, viewed by the constitution to be filled with 
the sages of our country, for the purpose of reviewing the acts of the 
representative branch with calm and dignified deliberation, have so far 


1 An Indian boy whom Jackson took to the Hermitage and brought up when the 


boy’s parents were slain in the Creek war. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


242 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


forgot itself, its dignity of character and what is due to the american 
nation, as to be found debating the caucus in solemn session ; ? when such 
debates as this, gets into the senate I loose all hope of any thing beneficial 
for the nation to be enacted by congress this session, and think it time 
to adjourn. j 

I am happy to see the good people of america are puting their faces 
against these congressional caucuses, and I do hope the one last held will 
put this unconstitutional proceeding to sleep forever, and leave to the 
people their constitutional right of free suffrage. should this not be the 
case, it will introduce into our Government, a sistematic system of in- 
trigue and corruption, first secrete and last, open and undisguised ; that 
will ultimately destroy the liberty of our country, a central power will arise 
here; who under patronage of a corrupt, and venal administration, will 
deprive the people of their liberties; and place into the executive chair 
whom they may will. From what I see in the public journals, the feelings 
of the people are beginning to be aroused to a proper sense of their 
rights, and I trust they will put down congressional caucuses forever, 
hereafter. advices from New York inform, that they people of that 
state are about to follow the foctsteps of Pennsylvania, and to have a 
general convention; you will have seen that the Carolinas and Georgia are 
in motion and six weeks will unmask their course. . .. . 


WILLIAM HAYDEN, JR., TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, March 29, 1824. 

. . . . Acopy of the Columbian Observer, a paper printed at Philadel- 
phia, and which contains some animadversions upon my report of your 
remarks on the bill for the armament of the fortifications, has just been 
put into my hands. I send, herewith, that paper; together with the Intelli- 
gencer containing the Report alluded to. Will you do me the favor, sir, 
if you have leisure, to look over the Report; and see if, in your opinion, 
it deserves the censure cast upon it, by the Philadelphia paper. 

Our reports of the proceedings of Congress are, upon many subjects, 
necessarily brief—and, doubtless, often imperfect. It is impossible they 
should not be so. Those only, who are practically acquainted with the 
business, can be aware of the difficulty of giving satisfaction to all. The 
principal consideration, in drafting the Reports, is, the nature of the sub- 
ject. If it is one of great and general interest, it is endeavored to extend 
the report farther than can be done on questions of a more local or 
restricted nature. It is always intended, however, that they shall be 
impartial. 

If the remarks in the Observer had applied to the Reporter only, he 
would not have deemed them of sufficient importance to authorize him 
to call your attention, from weightier matters, to so humble an object 
as himself. But as they involve others, to whom the blame, if there be 
cause for any, ought not to attach, he deems it his duty to request your 
candid opinion, whether there is any appearance, in the sketch of your 


2 Debate of Mar. 18, 10, and 22, on resolutions for amending th itution i i 
C » 19, , e Constitut 
to the election of President and Vice-President. ‘a rb pod ag 


April, 1824 243 


remarks, of an intention to mutilate, or misrepresent, and whether they 
are not given fairly, as taken in connection with the rest of the report 
on the same subject? .... 


To WILLIAM HayDEN, jr.? 


WASHINGTON, March 30, 1824. 
: Sir, your note of Yesterday with the two newspapers are recd, to which 
reply 

I never pretend to recollect after they are made remarks offerred by 
me in public debate; and particularly can I not recollect those inquired of 
by you, as I had determined to take no part in the discussion; a severe 
pain in my breast at the time I thought forbad me. Contrary to this 
determination indeed, I was drawn out by a direct appeal made to me by 
Mr Holmes of main; my reply therefore was upon the spur of the oc- 
casion and my remarks such as my mind sugested at the moment. Other 
Gentlemen can better say whether the report is correctly made than I 
can, as I pay no attention to such things. There is one thing I can assure 
you that I should never ascribe unworthy motives to you or any one. 
These are things which should be left alone to Him who can, and has 
a right to Judge of the causes that control human actions. 

Having held no communication with any one on this subject, I should 
not, could I recollect, interfere in the disputes of Public Editors. I was 
applied to the other day by Mr Seaton? on this subject. The above was 
substantially my answer. I return the papers as requested and am with due 
respect 

yr mo. obdt. servt 


To ANpDREW J. DoNELSoN.* 


WASHINGTON, April 4, 1824. 

. . . . I thank you for the copy of the letter to Mr Monroe of Novbr. 
1816.7 I am well prepared for defence; but I suppose, my enemies will 
shrink from the intended attack—if not I am prepared. You will have 
seen from the Newyork papers; that on the 8th instant a meeting is to 
take place in the city on the Presidential question. should it succeed, it 
is probable it will be followed by similar meetings throughout that state ; 
should this be the case it will put down all candidates but two. mr Craw- 
ford will be droped as I believe; and it is probable all the western states 
will unite and go with Pensylvania and Newyork: This is my own 
conjecture—for I hold no correspondence with any one but yourself. | 
am fearfull my business has interrupted your attention to your profession. 
This I have regretted much but from my situation I had no person who I 
could apply to but you. Next fall I will have to bring you on with me; 
I have been this winter at a great Loss for some confidential friend to aid 


1 Copy. d ; 

2 William W. Seaton, editor of the National Intelligencer. 
1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 

2 See vol. II., p. 263. 


244 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


me; Major Eaton was allways willing but his labours have been great— 
he has been writing much. I have Just learned that he is the author of 
Wyoming * and Philo-Wyoming, this for yourself. These pieces I intend 
having collected in due time and published in pamphlet form. He is now 
reviewing my life, and a second Edition will soon make its appearance.” 
The moment I can leave here I will do so, and by the most expeditious 
rout reach home, I shall not go through Philadelphia. ... . 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, April 5, 1824. 

My Dear wife, your kind letter of the 18th March with one from my 
son and Capt A. J. Donelson reached me yesterday. I wrote to Capt A. J. 
D. by yesterdays mail, having the day before written you. I have nothing 
since my last worthy your notice. I sincerely regret that you are somewhat 
indisposed, but I trust in a kind providence that he will restore your 
health and prolong your days untill we again meet. I shall leave here as 
early as I can, and travel the most expeditious rout home; of which you 
shall be advised, so soon as I can say when I will be able to leave this. 

It is a great comfort to me to learn that Mr Parsons so well conducts 
himself and that your mind is not troubled or disturbed about the Domes- 
tic concerns; I was fearfull when I left home that you might be. 

I was at sermon yesterday with Mrs. Watson and delivered your 
compliments, she is in good health and reciprocates them. Major Eaton, 
Call and Houston are all well and desires to be presented to you; My 
respects to all friends and believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


Mrs. Oneal and family present their kind respects. 


To Mrs. JJAcKSON, 


WasHINGTON, April 7, 1824. 

My Dear wife, This will be handed you by George who I send on with 
Mr Hill of Franklin, to take on Major Eatons Horses, and one of mine 
I left at Mr McGovacks if not sold. I do this with the view of following 
him in the stage as soon as I can possibly leave this which I cannot do 
untill after the vote in the senate on the Tariff bill; and the Bill of the 
Georgia commissioners, and the one authorising the survaying of the lands 
in Florida. The Tariff has been 8 weeks under discussion in the house of 
Representatives, and will take up all this week—so soon as I can there- 
fore I will:take the Stage and Steam Boat and reach home as Soon as 
I can, I hope by the 20th of May. I send a few Books by George for you 
and one for my Son and Little Hutchings to read, but not deface—it is 


the one presented to me by Genl Rogers, sketches and charecters of the 
sages of the Revolution.* 


8 The Letters of Wyoming to the People of the United States the Presi 7 
Becton ad LK ssa oh ate thts heir originally published in the sh ia On. 
serve iladelphia, 1824). “ Philo- ine ” = H 

‘ Second ed., Phila deiphia, 1824, yoming ~ seems not to have been reprinted. 

omas J. Rogers, d New American Biographical Dictionary, or Reme b 
of the Departed Heroes, Sages, and State Aimer -? aROT EMEC? 
Wor (Easton sPeg shig eerortie) Saale > of America... in the Revolutionary 


April, 1824 245 


My health is improving and I trust in a kind providence that you are, 
and will continue to enjoy good health untill I return home. give mv 


love to all friends and neighbours and believe me to be your affectionate 
Husband 


To Mrs. Jackson. 


WasuHIncToN, April 8, 1824. 

My Love, I send by George the portrait of Major Eaton, it is in a tin 
case, with my own, for Major Eaton. It must be sent to the tinners to be 
unsodered, before it can be got out. I wish the Tin case preserved, and 
Mr Earle to put the portrait in a frame and have it hung up in our room. 
Major Eaton directs that his be handed to Mr Earle and there left. 

I hope to be able to leave here by the first of May. I must remain 
untill the Tariff bill is passed on before the Senate, and untill I can have, 
Colo. Butler, if possible, provided for. The Book that this is attached to 
is for my Son. tell him to read it with at[ten]tion, but not to abuse it. 

god bless you farewell. I Shall write you by mail which will reach you 
before this will. 


To PRESIDENT MonrRoE.? 


WasHINGTON, April 9, 1824. 

Sir, Mr Hay last evening placed a paper in my hand containing the 
publication of a letter from Mr Lowry of the Senate to you: on the 
subject of a letter of mine which he alledges to have been read by you? 
and in the presence of Mr Findly of the Senate, on a certain occasion. 
I barely cast my eyes over the letter and returned the paper, and not until 
I read the same publication in the Intelligencer of the morning did I 
discover that it was not the same shewn me by Mr Hay some time since 

The one published is varient from the one first shewn me by Mr Hay. 
Why the second to you and not the first has been published is strange to 
me. As I may be interested in having the first I request that you will 
furnish me with a Copy by Majr Eaton. The first Letter from Mr Lowry 
to you can! alone justify me hereafter, if it should become necessary to 
expose the whole to the public without an imputation of a violation of 
confidence. 

Mr Lowrys first Letter tells you, that he has in his possession in 
your own hand writing your confidential letter to me recvd by way of 
Richmond, and to which I suppose he alludes when he says he has incon- 
testable evedence of the fact, but does not explain what fact. I cannot 
understand his having written you two letters so varient and publishes 
only the latter—have therefore to ask you for a Copy id 

Mr Hay offered to let me take a Copy of the first letter, but believing 
all Senators honorable men I refused: but from what I see I think it 
necessary now to have one, which I hope you will please furnish Maj 
Eaton 


1 Copy. s 

2 To this point the handwriting is Jackson’s; afterwards it is Eaton’s. This controversy 
made much noise at the time. It is described in Niles’ Register, XXXVI. 115, 134, 152, 161, 
269, and also in the National Intelligencer, Mar. and Apr., 1824, passim. Walter Lowrie 
and William Findlay were senators from Pennsylvania. See p. 230, ante, note 2. 


246 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


PRESIDENT MONROE TO JACKSON. 


WasuHincTon, April 10, 1824. 

Dear Sir, On further consideration, since I saw major Eaton last night, 
I am led to conclude that it will be most adviseable, to publish nothing 
in reply to Mr Lowrie’s statment, for the present. When we move, we 
must go on, and publish every thing, and the period for that, has not, I 
think, as yet arrivd, if it be necessary, at any time. If my letter to you, 
written lately, and since yours to me of 1816 was found, giving an account 
of the contents of yours to me of that date, is publishd, it may be asked, 
why is not yours publishd, since it would speak for itself, and might be 
more relied on, than any exposition now given of its contents. Mr Lowrie 
cannot stand where he is; he must shew his incontrovertible evidence, or 
be believd guilty of misrepresentation. And if he does publish that docu- 
ment, it will disprove what he states, and put him further in the wrong, 
by committing an additional outrage, as well as a breach of faith. If he 
publishes the letter of mine, which he has recd. through Richmond, or 
declining it, leaves the affair where it is, in either case, it may be proper 
to publish my late letter to you, to explain in what manner, that which is 
now in the possession of Mr Lowrie, got out of my possession. 

I suggest these ideas for your consideration, for I have no objection 
to the publication of that letter or any other when you may desire. My 
wish is that major Eaton and mr. Hay communicate freely together, 
and take the course which shall be deemed most expedient. 

With very sincere regard I am dear Sir yours 


To ANDREW J. DONELSON.* 


WaSsHINGTON, April 11, 1824. 

... . You will see from the papers that Mr Lowry has come out and 
him and Mr Monroe is at issue, who has told the lye. I see The papers 
have called upon Mr L. to come out with his incontestible proof; so soon 
as this can be dragged from him, I will come out. I cannot before, 
because he has not published his first letter to Mr Monroe, stating that 
he had got by the way of Richmond his confidential letter to me, and 
untill this confidential letter is published by him, I cannot move, without 
placing myself under the imputation of violating confidence by publishing 
private and confidential corespondence. This course I suppose has been 
recommended to him by his caucus friends—was I to publish my own 
letters, my enemies would say these are not the ones aluded to; that is 
withheld—so I have to wait patiently for these Gentry to unmask them- 
selves. Poor Lowry first letter to mr monroe must dam him with all 
honourable men. But as providence has been heretofore kind to me; I 
trust he will still gard me from the wicked. This is all I ask of him to 
do, and that truth may prevail. I would not my son conceal a single public 
act I ever done from the public. If I am elected to fill the Presidential 
chair it must be by the people; and I will be the President of the nation 
and not of a party. I have allways been a republican, and acted with 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 


April, 1824 247 


them, but the constitution secures to every man equal rights and privi- 
ledges; and the very moment I proscribe an individual from office, on 
account of his political opinion; I become myself, a despot, call me by 
what name you please—because the other has Just as good aright to enjoy 
his opinion as I have. Therefore as Mr Jefferson said, “we are ail 
Federalists, we are all Republicans, and we ought only to inquire is he 
honest, is he fit, is he capable’. But where a man has shewn his attach- 
ment to the constitution and his country by risquing his life, and his all 
in its defence, is honest, is capable, that he should be unworthy to partici- 
pate in the offices of his country because him and me differ as to the 
proper administration, is a species of Democracy, and Republicanism ; 
that I trust in god, I shall never profess, to possess. give my Love to 
your aunt and all friends and believe me your affectionate uncle 


P. S. since commencing this letter major Eaton has shewn me a letter 
from Newyork, where on the 8th instant they have held a meeting, 
numerous, and unanimous as it respects myself. This to be sure is flatter- 
ing to me in one sense; but my son I have seen so much treachery and 
corruption that I am allmost disgusted with mankind. Still I am prepared 
to say the lords will be done, and if I should be brought into the presiden- 
tial chair, imploring the benediction of heaven I will endeavour to ad- 
minister it for the good of the nation regardless of any other consideration. 

Je ade 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


Wasuincton, April 12, 1824. 

My Dear wife, Your kind letter of the 24th ult, I have recd; I rejoice 
to learn that your health is good and your friends are attentive to you, 
and keep up your spirits. In my last I informed you that I had sent on 
George to take back our horses left on the road, so that when I left here 
for home, I would have nothing to detain me; and the horses and servants 
were a useless expence to us; one with us is sufficient. If the Ohio should 
keep up for Steam Boat Navigation; I shall go from here in the stage 
to Wheeling; and from thence to Louisville, and perhaps all the way to 
Nashville by water. I cannot as yet say when I will be able to leave here; 
I did hope that last week would have closed the debate upon the Tariff 
bill; but it is still under discussion, and untill this bill is passed on in 
the senate: and some others, I cannot leave here. 

We have done nothing yet. I regret to see no national feeling in the 
majority of congress. every one appears solely to be ingrossed with the 
interest alone of his own section of Country—so long as this feeling pre- 
dominates, it will be unfortunate for our nation. we ought as Legis- 
latures to meet with national feelings, and our Legislation ought to be 
for the general good; and as far as practicable equity and Justice to all 
sections of our country. Was this course adopted, we would with har- 
monious feelings, of mutual concessions, soon get through all important 
questions, which agreable to the present feeling ; occasions so much useless 
debate, to the great injury of our country, the waste of our time; and the 


public mony. 


248 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


My Love, I hope to leave here in the early part of May. I am truly 
wearied with lounging here; doing nothing, but feeding on the public 
funds. we have really done nothing yet beneficial; and for nine weeks 
has the House of Representatives been engaged debating the Tariff, that 
could have been as well decided in two. The moment I can say with cer- 
tainty, the day I can leave here, I will inform you. My health still con- 
tinues to be as usual; my cough in the morning troublesome; but when 
we get warm weather ; I trust, it will entirely leave me. give my compli- 
ments to all friends; to my Dear little Andrews and to Capt A. J. Donel- 
son and believe me to be your affectionate Husband 


P s. Mrs. Oneal and daughters request me to present you with their 
kind compliments and wishes. 


To ANDREW J. DONELSON.* 


WasHincTon, April 16, 1824. 

Dear Andrew, You will see in the National Intelligencer Mr Lowrys 
letter etc. etc. published. In the Columbian Observer you will see Mr 
Carlile has addressed him, and called upon him to give to the world his 
incontrovertable proofs. If this does not bring him out I cannot tell what 
will—should it; you will see my letters etc. etc. given to the public with 
such comments as may be deemed proper, to which will be added a few 
extracts from Genl washingtons fare well adress which you can refer to in 
the Book I sent by George page 339 ® and which you will see embraces the 
advice I gave to mr monroe. A number of the members of Congress have 
asked major Eaton for, and obtained a sight of my letters, who have as 
uniformly approved the sentiments they contain ; They are sentiments con- 
sistant with the true principles of our constitution; and such as was 
recommended to the nation by the father of his country; and such as it 
has been iny boast to have allways cherished—for that man must be a 
despot who would attempt to controle the opinions of others, or dis- 
franchise him for exercising the freedom of opinion, because he thought 
differrently from him. such a man, let him be called by what name you 
please, is a Tyrant, and not a Republican. 

You will see from the late papers that the state of Newyork is following 
the course of Pensylvania. New Jersy and ohio, it is said, will unite with 
these two large states. If so, the thing is fixed and the electoral colleges 
will give the President without its going to the House of Representatives. 


one thing is said to be certain; that Mr Crawford will not get the state 
of Newyork. .... 


To Mrs. Jackson. 


: WasHINGTON, April 23, 1824. 
My Dear wife, Today I had the pleasure of receiving your kind and 

affectionate letter of the 8th Instant; and I am much grieved to be com- 

pelled to say to you, that even now; I cannot say to you the day, that it 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 
2 Rogers, op. ctt., second ed. 


April, 1824 249 


will be in my power to leave here. Tomorrow, a Joint committee of both 
houses meets to fix a day for our adjournment; but I fear from a late 
occurrence, that it will not be possible for Congress to rise for some time 
yet ; however, be this as it may, so soon as we pass upon the Tariff bill I 
will leave here for home the most expeditious rout that at that time 
presents itself. Charges exhibited by Governor Edwards lately appointed 
Minister to Mexico, against Mr Crawford has been referred to a Com- 
mittee of the house of Representatives; who have sent for Mr Edwards 
to appear before them.* should Congress await his arival it cannot rise 
before the middle of June next. If this should result in the impeach- 
ment of Mr Crawford I do not mean to sit upon his trial. Therefore will 
leave here as soon as the bill before named is disposed of. 

How my heart bleeds when I read the pain that our seperation has cost 
you. I hope in god when we meet we will never be seperated again untill 
death parts us. I pray you my Love to keep up your spirits; I will be 
with you as soon as I possibly can. your anxiety to see me, cannot sur- 
pass mine to be with you. May Jehovah Take you in his holy keeping 
untill we are again united is the prayer of your affectionate Husband. 


P. S. present me kindly to the Andrews and all friends 


To L. H. CoLeEMAN.* 


WasuHIncTon, April 26, 1824. 

Sir: I had the honor this day to receive your letter of the 2Ist instant 
and with candor shall reply to it. My name has been brought before the 
nation by the people themselves without any agency of mine: for I wish 
it not to be forgotten that I have never solicited office, nor when called 
upon by the constituted authorities have ever declined where I conceived 
my services would be beneficial to my country. But as my name has been 
brought before the nation for the first office in the gift of the people, it is 
incumbent on me, when asked, frankly to declare my opinion upon any 
political or national question pending before and about which the country 
feels an interest. 

You ask my opinion on the Tariff. I answer, that I am in favor of a 
judicious examination and revision of it; and so far as the Tariff before 
us embraces the design of fostering, protecting, and preserving within 
ourselves the means of national defense and independence, particularly in 
a state of war, I would advocate and support it. The experience of the 
lata war ought to teach us a lesson; and one never to be forgotten. If 
our liberty and republican form of government, procured for us by our 


10On Governor Ninian Edwards and the “A. B. Plot” see Benton, Thirty Years’ 
View, I. 34-36. 

1 Dr. Coleman, of Warrenton, N. C., was a Jackson man. Apr. 21, 1824, he wrote to 
Jackson asking how he intended to vote on the tariff bill then before Congress, saying 
that he was opposed to the bill and would relax his zeal for him if Jackson proved, as 
was reported, to be a supporter of the bill. Jackson’s reply was published in the Raleigh, 
N. C., Star, and widely republished. It is in Niles’ Register, XXVI. 245, and in Parton’s 
Jackson, III. 35. Having received Jackson’s letter, Dr. Coleman wrote to ask permission 
to publish it. The copy of the reply, giving permission, in the Jackson MSS. (filed as 
of 1828), is in Eaton’s handwriting. Most of Jackson’s biographers, including the editor 
of this Correspondence, have erroneously stated that Dr. Coleman wrote from Warren- 
ton, Va. 


250 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


revolutionary fathers, are worth the blood and treasure at which they 
were obtained, it surely is our duty to protect and defend them. Can there 
be an American patriot who saw the privations, dangers, and difficulties 
experienced for the want of a proper means of defense during the last 
war, who would be willing again to hazard the safety of our country 
if embroiled; or rest it for defense on the precarious means of national 
resources to be derived from commerce, in a state of war with a maratime 
power which might destroy that commerce to prevent our obtaining the 
means of defense, and thereby subdue us? I hope there is not; and if 
there is, Iam sure he does not deserve to enjoy the blessing of freedom. 

Heaven smiled upon, and gave us liberty and independence. That same 
providence has blessed us with the means of national independence and 
national defense. If we omit or refuse to use the gifts which He has 
extended to us, we deserve not the continuation of His blessings. He 
has filled our mountains and our plains with minererals—with lead, iron, 
and copper, and given us a climate and soil for the growing of hemp 
and wool. These being the grand materials of our national defense, they 
ought to have extended to them adequate and fair protection, that our 
own manufactories and laborers may be placed on a fair competition with 
those of Europe; and that we may have within our own country a supply 
of those leading and important articles so essential to war. Beyond this, 
I look at the Tariff with an eye to the proper distribution of labor and 
revenue ; and with a view to discharge our national debt. I am one of those 
who do not believe that a national debt is a national blessing, but rather 
a curse to a republic; inasmuch as it is calculated to raise around the 
administration a moneyed aristocracy dangerous to the liberties of the 
country. 

This Tariff—I mean a judicious one—possesses more fanciful than 
real dangers. I will ask what is the real situation of the agriculturalist ? 
Where has the American farmer a market for his surplus products? Ex- 
cept for cotton he has neither a foreign nor a home market. Does not this 
clearly prove, when there is no market either at home or abroad, that there 
is too much labor employed in agriculture? and that the channels of 
labor should be multiplied? Common sense points out at once the remedy. 
Draw from agriculture the superabundant labor, employ it in mechanism 
and manufactures, thereby creating a home market for your breadstuffs, 
and distributing labor to a most profitable account, and benefits to the 
country will result. Take from agriculture in the United States six 
hundred thousand men, women, and children, and you at once give a 
home market for more bread stuffs than all Europe now furnishes us. 
In short, sir, we have been too long subject to the policy of the British 
merchants. It 1s time we should become a little more Americanized, and 
instead of feeding the paupers and laborers of Europe, feed our own, or 
else in a short time, by continuing our present policy, we shall all be 
paupers ourselves. 

Ttris; therefore, my opinion that a careful Tariff is much wanted to 
pay our national debt, and afford us the means of that defense within 
ourselves on which the safety and liberty of the country depend ; and last, 


May, 1824 251 


though not least, give a proper distribution to our labor, which must prove 
beneficial to the happiness, independence, and wealth of the community. 

This is a short outline of my opinions, generally, on the subject of 
your inquiry, and believing them correct and calculated to further the 
prosperity and happiness of my country, I declare to you I would not 
barter them for any office or situation of a temporal character that could 
be given me. 

I have presented you my opinions freely, because I am without conceal- 
ment, and should indeed despise myself if I could believe myself capable 
of acquiring the confidence of any by means so ignoble. 

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant. 


To ANDREW J. DonELson.* 


WasHInctTon, April 27, 1824. 

. . . . I will be home as soon [as] I can; but I cannot leave here 
before I vote upon the Tariff Bill: I have recd many letters on this 
subject, many as I suppose held forth in terorum. I mean to convince 
those who are not yet acquainted with me; that I cannot be intimidated 
from doing that, which my Judgment and conscience tells me is right; by 
any earthly power. I therefore will support the Tariff so far as I believe it 
will tend to foster, the means of national defence, and procure it from 
[our] own means; which will insure allways an ample suply within our 
country in a state of war; beyond this I will view it with an eye to 
Revenue to meet our national debt; give a proper distribution to labour, 
by which the agricultural interest will be promoted. 

From these hints you will conclude I will vote for the Bill; as I believe 
it right and proper to feed our own labourers; instead of those of Europe, 
and keep within us that capital that is drawn from us, and creates in 
part the wealth of England. The British merchants and British influence 
has had heretofore too much influence; we must in our policy look more 
to our national interest. ... . 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


WASHINGTON, May 7, 1824. 

Dear Genl, I have just recd yours of the 17th ult, and I assure you, that 
you could not have chosen a subject more pleasing to me than that of the 
improvement of your farm. I am happy that your sawmill has succeeded 
to your expectation and that your sweet little family are in health. your 
wellfare, permit me to assure you, is dear to my heart. I shall not trouble 
you with politics. I leave this to they people who are managing the thing 
in their own way. This is as it should be; and in no other way (let it end 
as it may) would I have any thing to do with it. New York and Ohio 
are progressing as pennsylvania has done, North Carolina has taken her 
stand, and I believe the Radical chief has gone down not to rise again. 
I have no doubt from what I now see, that it was expected that my votes 


1 Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


252 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


on the Tariff was expected to injure me; but one who takes principle for 
his guide, and public good the end, is never in danger. 

I learned from the experience of last war, that if our liberty was worth 
possessing it was worth defending, and in a state of peace, it ought to 
provide and possess the means of its own defence within it, in time of 
war. This can only be effected by cherishing the growth in our own 
country of the means of defence, and by protecting duties to place our 
manufacturers of these essential articles of the means of defence and 
national independence in time of war on the footing of fair competition, 
with the labourers of Europe. the ballance of the bill, I look at with an 
eye to revenue to meet the national debt. There was never a thing so 
deceptive, as that we do not want revenue. we are now passing a bill 
to create a stock to meet the Florida debt, because we have not the means 
to meet it, and our national debt, which falls due this year and next. I 
shall be at home as early as the Tariff is passed upon. will you be in our 
country in June or July. I am anxious to see you... .. 


To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, May 13, 1824. 

My Dear wife, The senate has passed today the Tariff bill with some 
amendments and have sent it down to the House of Representatives. so 
soon as it is passed by that house and returned to the senate and finally 
disposed of * I will leave here for home by the way of Wheeling if I am 
advised there is certainty of a passage from thence to Louisville, but the 
last accounts were that the water in the ohio was low. I have written 
for information to Wheeling, which I will receive in a day or two when I 
shall write you and give you my rout and the day I will leave here. I am 
truly anxious to get home, I am wearied with this place, but am rejoiced at 
the prospect of getting away in a few days. my health is much improved 
since I wrote you. Mr. Campbell letter recd since yours, advise me you 
are at Nashville attending the Sacrament, and in good health—both are 
gratifying to me to hear—aware of the sincere pleasure you experience 
on those solem occasions. Present me to Mr Campbell and say to him 
that I regret much, that it is out of my power to pass Pittsburgh in my 
way home—from my protracted stay here I am sure Mrs. Campbell will 
have left there before I could reach Pittsburgh and if I passed that way 
I must detour at least a day—and if I tarried there enjoying the hospi- 
tality of the people, I would offend others who has pressed me to take 
other places in My rout—and when I get on the way I shall not permit 
myself to be detained by any hospitality offerred. Genl Call and Major 
Eaton and Genl Houston Join in respects to you and our little family. 
present me affectionately to Capt A. J. Donelson and the Andrews and all 
friends and believe me your affectionate Husband 


_ P.S. I inclose a letter Just recd from Cadet Saml J. Hays, for the 
information of his relations—give it to Colo Butler with my respects. 


1 The tariff bill finally 


passed both houses May 19, and wa 
The session ended May 27 citi os Sor ae 


May, 1824 253 


To JAMEs W. LANIER. 


May 15(?), 1824.7 

I have recvd your Letter of the 2d of april 

Altho I have an adversion particularly at this time to write letters on 
political matters, yet when my opinions are asked on any subject, I ought 
not, and do not, forbear freely to give them; and especially on those 
subjects in which the Country is much interested, and about which there 
is great diversity of opinion. In a letter it is impracticable to go into detail, 
and I can therefore only present you with a hasty outline. On both sub- 
jects embraced in your letter, during the present session of Congress we 
have had occasion to act; and my votes given on them and published will 
declose my opinions. 

The domestic industry and labor of the Country, coextensive with our 
National Independence, and national defence in a State of war, should 
be encouraged and protected. This should be the first design of a Tarriff, 
and the second a reasonable increase of import with a view to paying the 
debt of the Nation, that it may not be entailed on our posterity as has 
been the case with the English goverment. 

As regards internal improvements, Congress can constitutionaly apply 
their funds to such objects as may be deemed National. They may erect 
Fortresses and make roads and canals, where they are of a character 
National, not local. But the general goverment in the prosecution of their 
objects cannot exercise an exclusive jurisdiction and invade the Soverignty 
of the States. They have a right to appropriate their funds, and to execute 
the work where, by the consent of the States thro which a road or canal 
is to run, authority is given. With this limitation I should say that the 
constitutional power was in Congress Under our Constitution. I feel 
satisfied that the general goverment cannot, but with the assent of a State, 
exercise authority and jurisdiction within the limits of the State; to con- 
cede a different and enlarged power would be to produce in the end a 
consolidation of the States, to the utter destruction of those checks and 
balances of power at present existing under our confederation ; and which 
are essential to the maintenance of our goverment 

Jealousy and the fear of encroachment by the general govt. ought not to 
form a pretext for denying to her the exercise of those powers which 
may be derived from a liberal construction of the Constitution. She is 
the Central power around which in their independent orbits move the 
respective states. Strengthen her by the encroachment made in the States 
and despotism may be the consequence, whereas to weaken and render 
her inefficient by witholding thro any jealous fears constitutional rights 
which properly belong to her, would be to introduce amongst the States 
anarchy rivalry and disunion. To keep the soverignty of the States and 
the general govt properly and harmoniously poised, is the pivot on which 
must rest the freedom and happiness of this Country... . . 


1 The letter is without date, but as it is in Eaton’s handwriting it was probably written 
in Washington before Jackson set out for Tennessee, late in May. It seems to be a draft, 
dictated by Jackson and written down by Eaton. The style is not Eaton’s. 


254 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


GENERAL JOHN ARMSTRONG TO JACKSON. 
Rep Hook, N. J., June 6, 1824. 

Sir, In a letter written by you to Mr. Monro, on the 6th Jany 1817, 
and recently published by your permission,* I find the following passage— 
“The importance of the station you are about to fill to our country and 
yourself, the injury in reputation that the Chief Magistrate may sustain 
from the acts of a weak minister, the various interests that will arise to 
recommend to office their favorite candidate, and from experience in 
the late war, the mischief that did arise to our nation and national charac- 
ter (by the wickedness or weakness of our War minister) induced me to 
give you my candid opinions on the importance of the character that 
should fill this office”. Now though it be possible, that I was not the per- 
son aimed at in the preceeding extract, inasmuch as there were two or 
more Secretaries of war during the period you have mentioned, still as 
it is equally possible, that I was that person (having been one of those 
Secretaries) I have thought it due to myself, to seek an Explanation, 
which should have the effect of terminating all doubts on that head; and 
accordingly, claim alike from your frankness and your justice, Ist a 
declaration, whether I was, or was not, the person alluded to, in the 
extract I have given? and 2d a specification (if the preceeding question 
be answered affirmatively) of those acts of my ministry, which, in your 
opinion, could only be explained on the ground of wickedness or weakness 
on my part. 

I need scarcely remark, that the censures of some men are not worth 
either persuing or refuting, but that when an officer of high rank and 
well merited popularity, becomes, either directly or indirectly, an accuser 
of another public functionary, the case is totally altered, and the charges 
made, ought to be fully and fairly investigated. 

In the expectation of hearing promptly from you, I am Sir, 

with great respect, your Obed. servant 


CoLoNEL CHARLES P. Tutt To JACKSON. 


Locust HILL, NEAR LEESBURG, VA., 
June 12, 1824. 
ON You have, before this will reach you seen, I have no doubt, the 
proclamation of the Governor of New York, convening the Legislature 


1The Jackson-Monroe correspondence was published in the National Intelligencer 
May 7, 9, 12, 1824. It is also in Niles’ Register, XXVI. 161-168. The letter here 
quoted is printed ante in vol. II., p. 272, from a draft in Jackson’s handwriting found 
in the Jackson Papers. The latter text and that printed in the newspapers differ (besides 
some insignificant variations) in one important particular, and in that particular Arm- 
strong’s quotation, though one would suppose he derived his text from newspapers 
agrees with Jackson’s draft and not with the version in the National Intelligencer or 
in Niles. To wit, in the passages where Armstrong uses italics, those newspaper 
texts both read: “arise to our national character by wickedness or weakness, induced 
me”, etc., without mention of the war minister. Eaton, in his note to the ’ National 
Intelligencer transmitting the letters of Monroe and Jackson, says, “Those of General 
Jackson are the original letters themselves, which some time since were placed in 
possession by the President with authority to use them as I might think proper ” The 
original of Jackson’s letter of Jan. 6, 1817, seems not to be now extant, and the c 
at the War Department, mentioned in vol. IL, p. 272, note, can not now be found me 


June, 1824 255 


on the second of August. this measure I do not think will materially 
affect Mr. Crawfords prospects in that state, for I am well assured that in 
no possible event could he now, or indeed could he ever, have, obtained the 
vote of New York, I expressed to you that opinion more than three 
months ago, and I am now confirmed that I was then correct; to whom 
the vote of New York will ultimately be given I am unable to say, as 
much will depend upon the course of Mr. Clinton and his friends. when 
I last wrote to you I felt confident that you would receive the support 
of Mr. Clinton and his party, and such may still, and probably will be 
their course, but I cannot help expressing to you my apprehension, that 
Mr. Clinton and his party will wait for the purpose of ascertaining, 
whether Mr. Adams or yourself be the strongest in New York, and that 
he will then throw his whole weight and influence with the strongest 
party, calculating in that way to resuscitate his own popularity, and to 
obtain once more an asscendency in that state. I sincerely wish that Mr. 
Clinton may not have acquired in the New York political school a talent 
for intrigue, injurious to himself, and disgraceful to the state when 
tolerated. The above remarks are mere speculations, but knowing as I 
do, that Mr. Clinton and his party will turn the scale in that great state 
either in your favor or Mr. Adams’s, I cannot help feeling a deep interest, 
and some share of apprehension in the issue. Mr. Clinton is a great man, 
and if he would keep an upright, straight forward course, he must in time 
become the first man in our country. 

Mr. Van Buren and Governor Dickerson visited Richmond after the 
adjournment of congress for the purpose it is said of ascertaining, whether 
in the event of Mr. Crawfords withdrawal from ill health, (which seems 
quite probable) Virginia could be induced to vote for Mr. Adams. was 
there ever any thing to equal this in impudence; it seems that Mr. Van 
Buren not content with the exercise of his talents for intrigue in his own 
state, must try his powers with [the] ancient Dominion, a place I can 
assure him where his intrigues will receive no nourishment, but must 
form abortions, or if born, will wither and die. 

I am apprehensive that I shall fatigue you by the length of this letter, 
I will therefore close it, by expressing a hope that you have safely 
arrived at home, and found Mrs. Jackson well, to whom I beg leave to 
tender my best respects, and with assurance for yourself of the 

Sincere Esteem and very Great regard of Yr. Obt. Servt. 


To BRrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, June 18, 1824. 

_. .. It is true the last six months has been a time of some toil and 
bustle; I had to see my friends when they called which was often; and 
altho my health in the early part of the session was much checkered, and 
not good, still such was the anxiety of the people from Pennsylvania, New 
York, and the Newengland states to see, and converse with me, that I 
was obliged to indulge them, and have the gratification to believe that 
they allways left me with good feelings and friendship towards me. 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
19 


256 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Great pains had been taken to represent me as a savage disposition ; 
who allways carried a scalping knife in one hand, and a tomahawk in the 
other, allways ready to knock down, and scalp any and every person who 
differed with me in opinion, instead of this they as they expressed found 
a man of even temper, firm in his opinions advanced, and allways allow- 
ing others to enjoy theirs, untill reason convinced them that they were 
in error. It is true I went there with the determination of a philosopher, 
and to take the high ground of open defience of my enemies; allowing 
them to lye as much as they pleased; but cause it to be well understood 
that my private character and feelings were under my own protection 
and could not be assailed with impunity; that my public character be- 
longed to the nation and was the fair subject of investigation which I 
neither feared or wished to prevent, but rather courted than otherwise, 
and when the Radicals in the senate brought me out, my reply and re- 
marks gave me peace and quiet for the ballance of the session; they 
gantlette was never thrown afterwards, and so much was my sentiments 
approved, that I recd the public congratulations of Governor Barber of 
the senate as soon as I sat down. My health at the time was very bad, 
and nothing but the conduct of Mr Lowry and Mr Holmes of Main could 
have induced me to rise at the time. 

I have noted your remarks on the subject of some heretofore pretended 
friends and their attempts to produce an injury to me by commenting on 
my vote upon the Tariff so called. In this, as on all other occasions, I 
have pursued the dictates of my matured opinion with the sole view to 
the independence, prosperity and happiness of my country; my own con- 
science approves the course, and when principle is the governing motive 
and public prosperity and happiness the end; I fear nothing, and no 
one who pursues this course has any thing to fear. I would like to 
meet the man who would vallue his liberty and the independence of his 
country by dollars and cents, leave the defence of his liberty, and inde- 
pendence to the precarious means of commerce in a state of war; or 
for pecuniary gain would become the dupe to the policy of the Holy 
Alliance and Great Britain and sacrifice his liberty for ideal pecuniary 
gain, by not cherishing and fostering within ourselves the means of 
national defence by means of our own labour. such a man, with such 
sentiments deserves not to enjoy the blessings of liberty, who would 
risque it on the precarious means to be procured from commerce in a 
state of war; when that war, when it happens, must be with a superior 
maratime power. 

I am one therefore who think my liberty is worth protecting, and to 
protect 1t; we must procure, and maintain, within ourselves the means 
of its defence; beyond this I would look to the revenue alone to meet 
our national debt, which ought to be extinguished to prevent a monied 
aristocracy growing up around the administration of our government, 
dangerous to the perpetuity of our liberties. These are my sentiments, 
and what every american ought to possess. We the cotton growers are 
protected, and why not the hemp grower, as well as the cotton and sugar 
grower, why not the wool grower, as well as either, in short sir the 


June, 1824 257 


agricultural interest must be protected as well as the commercial, protect 
agriculture and manufacturers immediately arise, what does common 
sense say, If agricultural labour is unproductive because there is no mar- 
kett for the surplus produce either abroad or at home; why, withdraw from 
it, this surplus labour and apply it to something else, by which you at 
once create a markett at home for the surplus. What is our situation. 
Have we a markett for any surplus agricultural products, but sugar and 
cotton, and the cotton very precarious; and cannot expect to continue 
except the home markett which has and will be opened for it by the manu- 
facturing of the raw material in america; what is the consequence. If a 
home markett is not created, there being no foreign markett; I answer 
the agricultural interest must continue to languish, and the farmer must 
withdraw himself from the consumption of the dutiable article, not being 
able from the product of his labour to pay for it. what becomes then of 
your revenue from import and tonnage; The answer is easy, It must 
decline as much as the agriculturalists decline the consumption, and be 
reduced thereby far below the wants of our government and must lead 
to a direct tax for its support and to meet the national debt, and the only 
way to prevent this, is by a judicious tariff protecting and encouraging 
the agricultural interest, and producing a markett for its surplus produc- 
tions, by which they will have the means of procuring and consuming the 
dutiable articles. It is the course of the anti-tariff men that must inevitably 
lead to direct taxation, by depressing agriculture from the want of a 
foreign or home markett for their surplus product, by which they become 
unable to procure and consume the dutiable articles. But enough for the 
present; I am aware of the kind of Demagogues that have taken this 
course; they cannot hurt me; I fear them not, they never were friends 
only professors, and I would not abandon my course that I know alone can 
lead to national independence and safety for all the offices on earth; and 
in less than six years the southern states will be unanimous in favour of 
the measure because the one to be most benefitted by it, being the growers 
of the raw material. I have never met with one man who has not agreed 
with me that it is right to protect the great means of national defence, 
and from the experience of the late war, and the loss of blood and treasure 
for the want of them, I do believe there cannott be a true american but 
unites with me. I shall be glad to hear from you often; I am happy to 
hear that you have your grist mill in operation. your improvement is 
now compleat, and you have nothing to attend to but your farm. 

My health has improved, has been a little interrupted by a violent 
attack of the tooth ache, jaw ache and head ache. I have fine prospects of 
cotton, better than 1 have ever had, and my corn promising, I have not 
time to write James Jackson, present me to him and say I wish to know 
when he will be in: as I wish to be at home, that we may finally close 
the whole business about the Erwin suit, and costs. Present Mrs J and 
myself to Polly and the children and kiss sweet little Rachel for us and 
believe me your friend 


258 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To GENERAL JOHN ARMSTRONG. 


HERMITAGE, June 29, 1824. 

Sir, Your letter of the 6th Instant is Just recd, and I will with my usual 
frankness answer your inquiries. Permit me here, however to premise, 
that the words (“ by the weakness or wickedness of our war numsters ) 
which you have quoted from my letter to Mr Monroe, and underscored 
in your communication, is not to be found in the copy now in my posses- 
sion, and printed from the original furnished the Editors of the National 
Intelligencer.* 

When I wrote the private and confidential letter to Mr. Monroe, to 
which you have aluded, I had in my mind, as well as recollection now 
serves me, the malancholy test of disasters which had attended our Mili- 
tary operations during the late war. Amongtht the rest, I had more 
particularly in view the Surrender of Genl Hull, and the Capture of 
Washington City. When I reflected upon these and other dreadfull ca- 
lamities which afflicted our common country during the contest with great 
Britain, proceeding, as was believed, from the imperfect manner in which 
the campaigns were planned, as well as the fatal results which followed 
upon their execution, I was constrained to entertain the opinion which 
was confidentially expressed to Mr. Monroe in the letter addressed to 
him on that occasion. 

Whether those misfortunes which attended the progress of our arms 
during a considerable portion of the conflict, were to be ascribed to 
wickedness, or weakness, or both combined, I have not, in my letter under- 
taken to determine: Suffice it to say, that my observations was not 
intended to cast a reproach upon any individual, but were used to enforce 
the propriety of bringing into office, a man of virtue, talents, and energy. 

I am Sir very respectfully your obdt servt. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.? 


HERMITAGE, July 1, 1824. 

.... From a letter recd from Capt Jack Donelson last evening I 
had the pleasure to hear that you and family are well; we have a good deal 
of sickness in this quarter, all our relations are well but Milbery D. who 
is very unwell. I shall be glad to hear something of the Adams meeting, 
who are the prime movers etc. etc. etc. I am happy to believe that if 
Tariff principles are right, or wrong Mr Adams is as strong a Tariff 
man as any. I review my vote on that subject with great complacency; 
and I well know that no man of sense or my real friend will ever abandon 
me on that ground, be assured it is a mere pretext to change, and all I 
want is really to know them. My friend Capt Savage cannot be amongst 
that number. I should regret if he was as I have a sincer respect for the 
good sense of the man, even this would only lessen my opinion of his 
good understanding but fill me with no regret for my votes; I voted 
from principle and would thus have voted had I been certain by a change 
I could have placed myself in the Presidential chair 


1 Armstrong did not say “ministers” but “minister”, and the words “by the wicked- 
ness or weakness of our war minister” are to be found, in Jackson’s handwriting, in the 
only copy of the letter now present among his papers. Z 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


July, 1824 259 


To WituiaM S. FULTON. 


HERMITAGE, July 4, 1824. 

D’r Sir, I have Just recd your friendly letter of the 29th ult. for which 
I thank you. 

Genl Call writes you by this days mail and will inclose you my letter 
to Doctor Coleman, N. Carolina, which has went the rounds of the papers 
which will give you fully the outlines of my opinion upon the Subject 
of our National Independence, defence, and Domestic oeconomy, and 
the Tarif, with a historical account of the proceedings on the Tariff Bill 
in both Houses of Congress. There are none so dangerous as hypocritical 
friends, who profess friendship, but by falshood, and false colouring 
attempt to assail you under the sheres[ ?] pretext of sorrow and friend- 
ship; every one of my intimate acquaintance long since knew my opinion 
upon the Subject of political oeconomy; They knew as long as I had a 
voice it would be raised in favour of the Independence of our Nation, by 
cherishing and fostering the means of our National defence, that when 
war came, we would have the means within ourselves of defending our 
Liberty, of which we boast, our constitution and our Country. 

The experience of the late war convinced me that our Liberty was too 

precious, to be left for the means of its defence upon the precarious supply 
to be derived from commerce in a state of war, when that war was to 
be waged with maritime powers who wield the power of the Deep, and 
who by witholding from us the means of defence, could make us an easy 
conquest: whoever recollects the distresses of the late war, how many of 
our brave men fell victims to climate for the want of necessary cloathing 
in the field, and the Hospital, will dispell from his mind all ideas of 
cupidity, and British influence and prepare our country for defence in 
time of peace by nourishing and protecting the means of national defence; 
at least by a fair protection, that will place the american labour in a fair 
competition with that of urope. This is as far as I would go; Thus far 
the Bill does not go—sail Duck, Hemp and iron has not been increased as 
much as with an eye to revenue they would well bear. These are some 
of the means of national defence, and ought to have been raised as high as 
Genl Sam! Smith in 1817 in his revenue Bill placed them. But Genl Smith 
altho he acknowledged on the floor that two cents pr Ib on hemp and $1.00 
pr ton on iron would be a fair duty on these articles; still he voted against 
the whole, because we did not want Revenue.» Whilst he was thus declar- 
ing, what is the fact; two Bills are presented to us and passed creating 
stock to the amount of 10,000,000—five to meet the Florida debt and five 
to meet the 7 pr. ct. debt which fall due shortly. Still say the Radicals 
we do not want Revenue. If a national debt is considered a national 
blessing then we like great Britain, can get on by borrowing. But as 
I believe it a national curse, my vow shall be to pay the national debt, to 
prevent a monied aristocracy from growing up around our administration 
that must bend it to its views, and ultimately destroy the liberty of our 
country. 


1 Annals, 18 Cong., 1 sess., I. 738-743. 


260 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


On the subject of my votes were those doublefaced Hypocritical politi- 
cal friends of mine as anxious in search of truth as they are falsehood ; 
they would find that my votes were bottomed upon national principles, 
of equality, and perfect reciprocity, to all sections of the union. If they 
would look at the Journals, they would find in committee of the whole, 
the bill was laid before us, on all Fabricks of Hemp, there were specific 
duties imposed; on cotton Bagging, and course woolings and progressive 
duty—cotton Bagging 4.4. 5.4. This being taken up first; my vote 
reduced cotton bagging to 4.%—when sail Duck, Burlaps, and other 
course fabricks of Hemp, Genl Chandler * voted for striking out the whole 
duty imposed, which left all coarse fabricks of Hemp at 15 pr cent ad- 
valorum, When the Bill was reported to the house on principles of general 
Justice I voted to alter the duty on cotton Bagging to an advalorum duty 
of 25 pr ct. as the other fabricks were charged to an advalorum duty. 
I ask Sir, is not here uniformity of principle and of general Justice. The 
delegation from Alabama will answer in the afirmative, so will those most 
opposed to the Bill. But the anti Tariff men say this Bill will lead to 
Direct Tax by destroying the Revenue. This is not true, it will promote 
agricultural labour, create a home markett for it, and add 3 millions and 
a half of revenue. It is the only way to prevent a direct Tax, if we pay 
the national debt. 

And what is the situation of the american agriculturist—have we at 
present either a home, or foreign markett for the product of agricultural 
labour, except our cotton, and our sugar—both of which are well pro- 
tected; and when we take a view of the Spanish main South america, 
and portugal, and Egypt—the foreign markett for our cotton cannot be 
of long duration, Let me then ask unless a home markett for the surplus 
labour of agriculture can be made, must not the farmers, live on the 
product of their own farms, and withdraw themselves from the consump- 
tion of dutiable articles: In proportion as the consumption is lessened 
so is your revenue—which must be made up by internal Revenue, direct 
or indirect, at a time when the agriculturists are not able, for the want 
of a markett for their products, to pay a tax. Hence the policy of a 
Judicious Tariff, to promote the Interest of the agriculturists by opening 
to them a sure, and safe home markett for the products of their labour. 
‘This can only be done by withdrawing the surplus labour from agriculture 
and applying it to manufa[c]tories. It is to be regretted that we have 
two little national feeling, and two much sectional. We are governed too 
much by British influence, and commercial, to the great injury of our 
agriculturist, which is the main pillow of our national prosperity, and 
upon which our Independence and wealth as a nation rests, and out of 
which manufactures and commerce must grow and prosper, if prosper 
thely] do. 

| have been amused with the absurdity of the ground taken by the anti 
Tariff men, they say the Tax upon cotton bagging is onerous and de- 
structive to the cotton growers; now the truth is, the cotton grower does 
not pay one cent of the duty, it is the buyer—the rope and Bailing is sold 


* Senator John Chandler, of Maine. Annals, 18 Cong., 1 sess., I. 504-595. 


July, 1824 261 


as Cotton; and last year I made 5 cents and one 8th upon the rope and 
2 cents upon the Bailing—but admit we do—is it not right when we are 
the only part of the agriculturists that have a foreign, and home markett, 
for the product of our Labour that we should pay a proportion of the 
revenue. we consu:ne at home better than one sixth of all the cotton 
that is produced in the union—added to this, 100,000 of foreign cotton 
last year introduced, the duty paid, and manufactured at our manufac- 
tories. Still the southern gentlemen refused to aid Major Eaton who 
proposed an amendment by the aditional duty on cotton of 3 cents pr Ib. 
the manufacturers in the east are now buying South american cotton in 
South america, at 6 and 7 cents best quality. In a few years of peace 
where will be our cotton markett unless we secure it at home. This Tariff 
and Adams meeting is truly a Farsical thing. Mr Adams, is an open 
candid man, he has at my Table Publickly answered Mr Clay that he was 
in favour of a Judicious Tariff—every person that knows him knows 
this. now it is the greatest peace of Hypocrisy, to say that because I 
voted as every body who knew me, had read my words for years, knew I 
would—would make this objection. I love a candid open enemy, but a 
hypocritical friend, who professing friendship acts the hidden enemy, 
I despise. It is such that injure most. I have good feeling toward Mr 
Adams, and there is no conduct of Hypocritical friends that can alter this 
feeling. I wish you so soon as the meeting is over to give me the names 
of those apostate hypocritical friends that I may know them. They can 
do me no harm. I never have, or will ask any favour of them 
Tam etc:, €tc., 


To EpwarbD LIVINGSTON." 


HERMITAGE, July 5, 1824. 

Dr Sir, Your letter of the 11th June is just rec’d and I am happy to 
learn that you are nearly closing the disagreeable duty assigned you, as 
one of the committee.” 

Before the receipt of your letter, I had rec’d one from Genl Armstrong. 
My answer to him, is enclosed for your information. In my letters to 
Mr. Monroe I have not named Genl. A, or any one else; nor have I 
attempted to ascribe the disasters of the late War, to him alone. The 
campaign of Genl. Hull, etc. was under another, nothim, and when the 
dates of my letters are adverted to, the public clamor, and the object I 
had in view, the expressions used must be clearly justified in the necessity 
which existed of selecting a man of virtue, talents, and energy, to fill the 
office. As to the talents of Genl A. I have always thought them of the 
first order, and had he placed himself at the Head of the Army at Bladens- 
burgh, and beat the enemy (as might have been done) he would have 
placed himself at the Head of the nation. I have never attempted to 


1 From the collection of the letters and papers of Edward Livingston, preserved at his 
former residence, Montgomery Place, Barrytown, N. Y.; printed by the kindness of 
Brigadier-General John Ross Delafield. Pe 

2 Committee to investigate the matter of Governor Ninian Edwards; see p. 249 and 


note I. 


262 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


determine, who was to blame for that catastrophe. In all operations of the 
military, the War minister has the applause or blame, so with the navy. 

Those letters were confidential. How they came before the Nation, you 
know, as well as I. Suffice it to say to you, that I have no heart-burnings 
as to Genl. Armstrong. I had at one time, when I was dismissed from 
Public service, and ordered to dismiss my volunteers far from home, with- 
out the means to provide for my sick etc. etc. But so soon as justice was 
rendered to those men and myself, those feelings were eradicated. I cher- 
ished no further unfriendly feelings towards the Genl. I have always 
believed him a military man of the first order. 

With compliments to your Lady and daughter, believe me with great 
respect and esteem your friend 


EDWARD PATCHELL TO JACKSON.* 


PittsBuRG, August 7, 1824. 

My dear Sir, I had the honour of receiving your letter of the 16th may 
dated Washington City, which I woul[d] have on the instant promptly 
replyed to, but about that very period of time I had granted permission 
to my friends to use my name as a candidate for Brigadier General; and 
there ware eight candidates before the publick, of the most popular Gentle- 
men within the bounds of the Brigade; When a meetting was advertised 
to be held in the Courthouse, where there assembled upon the occasion 
upwards of one thousand of our citizens; the names of the several candi- 
dates ware put on nomination, and balletted for viva voice, when they 
ware severally hissed by nine tenths of the multitude; Untill my name 
was reached on the list, when shouts of Old Hickory resounded from all 
parts of the house, nine cheers for Old Hickory, was the word, “ when 
the crowd burst in upon me where I was seated at the counsel table” and 
bore me out on their sholders into the public square ; I assure you General 
I felt more proud of your nick name “ than I now feel of the Generalship, 
notwithstanding I have been elected by a much larger majority than any 
other of my predecessors for any office whatever in this County since the 
beginning. And I must confess had not it been for your sake I never 
would have yielded to become a candidate at this stage of life. Your 
friends here had applied to me at an early hour, I peremptorily declined 
the honour they purposed to confare on me; they then took up Major 
Piers, at which event the few the very few enemies which we have left 
you here, begun to rejoice and anticipated a Glorious triumph, as the poor 
Major altho a full blooded Jacksonian “ yet he had but very little acquain- 
tance throughout the bounds of the Brigade, and did not possess that di- 
gree of popularity which would warrant or justify the risque of your 
honour ”’, which your friends here considered staked on the result of the 
Election ; I therefore was again applyed to, and I gave my consent; And 
truely General, notwithstanding I have been Elected to that honourable 
post, I confess I am very unquallifyed to discharge the duties of any office 
whatever, as I have always throughout the whole course of my life ” kept 


1 Patchell was long a hat manufacturer in Pittsburg. See Thomas Hamilton to A. J. 
Donelson, Nov. 26, 1829, Library of Congress, Donelson Papers. : 


August, 1824 263 


on the back ground well knowing my own imperfections; And since I 
have commenced to give you a brief outline of this affair of the General- 
ship, which bares more the resemblance “ of a Historical detail, than a 
letter of information: I will beg leave to entertain you for a moment 
with a bare out line of my life, the part of the world” I was raised in, 
and the poor chance I had of receiving a polished education the alone 
accomplishment “ which adorns the Genius of a promising youth. 

My Father lived on the Faughan Water, a inferiour stream of no great 
magnitude, which emptied into the River Foyle a few miles below the 
City of Londonderry in the North of Ireland; He was a plain country 
farmer ”, and aspired no higher than many others of his good neighbours, 
thought if he sent his children to a common country schoolmaster for a 
few years “to learn Reading Writing and Arithmetick, that was all 
sufficient; I did not know the use of a classick Education at the time, 
being a miner; therefore since I have been in America” for the want of 
that all necessary accomplishment, I have stood in the rear rank, and never 
ventured in the front, untill Andrew Jackson the son of my dear country- 
man”, was anounced a candidate for the first office in the peoples guift, 
And altho I well knew that my talents ware unadiquate to the task, yed 
I depended not only on my personal courage alone, but I trusted in my 
God, and your God, whome hath raised you up for to be a Saviour and 
a deliverance for his people. I considered you ware justly entitled to a 
nation’s gratitude, and altho I well knew that I was not a politition ”, 
yet nevertheless ware I to try” I could do something. And if Henry 
Baldwain 2 “ had as he promised ” assisted me, I would not have had the 
half of the trouble or dificuilty in turning the people on the straight 
course” that I had; Mr. Baldwain wrote the advertisement ” for the call 
of the first meeting which was held in the Courthouse in favour of your 
Election, and sent it to me to get it published, the meeting was very 
numerous ”, much larger than any ever had been known heretofore— 
after the Chairman and Secretaries ware appointed” Mr. Baldwain stated 
the object of the meeting, and your name ware placed at the foot of the 
list; Wm. H. Crawford got one vote, H Clay five, J. Q. Adams two, 
J. C. Calhoun four, and Gen Andw Jackson upward of 1000, a resolution 
was then offered “that Henry Baldwain be appointed to write an ad- 
dress” to the democratic republicans throughout the U. S. But the very 
next day ”, as I have understood, Mr. Baldwain met with Judge Riddle” 
your old boot maker,? and he hooted him and fully persuauaded him “ that 
Wm. H. Crawford would be taken up in Caucus, and would be Elected 
President beyond any manner of doubt. From that day untill this, Mr. 
Baldwain has never been known to write the scrape of a pen either for 
or against you, But I believe has ever since been a praying” good God, 
good Devil, not knowing “ whoes hand he might fall into.* 


2 Baldwin; see p. 184, note 2. 
3 James Riddle, associate judge, 1818-1838, of the Pittsburgh court of common pleas, 


whose assistant judges were laymen. ' 
4 Baldwin, writing to Abner Lacock Feb. 29, 1832, said that he was a Jackson man in 


1823-1824. 


264 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I was then drove to the alternative of inlisting young la[w]yers ” under 
my banner, meer boys, as Judge Riddle used to call them; But with the 
assistance of the boys, I have performed wonders. I have reduced the 
Lousie party here from 10,000 to something less than fifty, and they are 
chiefly the antient and notorious wire workers, they are the Office holders 
and office hunters ”; and all they can do now” is grin and shew thier 
teeth. They have made more than one attempt to stab you through my 
sides, in the collums of their Statesman; * But I stand here on too high 
ground for their arrows to reach me. General, I have never had the 
pleasure of seeing your face, and perhaps never may untill we meet 
in the Kingdom of Heaven”, but you have my heart, and may that 
divine power ” whoes almighty arm hath both defended and protected 
you ” through every peral and danger ”’ support and uphold your honour 
in old age and let the result of your pending Election ” be what it may, 
give God the praise, his will be don on earth, for you and I have but a 
few years according to the common course of nature to live, therefore 
we ought to daily make preparations” for the awful change that awaits 
our mortal flesh. 

I trust my dear Sir, that by this time you are fully sensible”’ that I 
have no possible motive in view ” by becoming your friend and advocating 
your cause, for It is too well known that I am neither an office hunter, 
or an office holder, I assure you Sir, that when I have don all that I can 
to promote your interest, that I have don no more than what my heart 
tells me” is the bounden duty of every true and faithful American. I 
take the liberty of sending you a letter, which I lately received from 
New-York, a perusal of which will at least be amusing, if not very edify- 
ing. May God bless you Jackson. 

I have a Mountain, and a Walker here for assistants, meer boys, whoes 
oritorial powers can astonish the wollds. 

If you had only a Stephen Simpson ° in every State in the union, you 
would be Elected President by the largest majority ever heard of in the 
known world. and had I have been in p~ssession of the Learning, talents 
and political knowledge of Henry Baldwain, I have vainity ” to think that 
long err now, I would have reasoned the people into a sense of their 
duty. But Jackson, I must repeat it, I have done no more than my duty, 
and I even forbid you “return me thanks: And should we fail this 
Election, I will pray my God’ to spare life ” untill I see Andrew Jackson 
President of the U States. and then let me close my eyes in peace, adue 
_ Ihave brought John McFarland here, from Harrisburgh, and Estab- 
lished a new paper called the Allegheny Democrat, He is both an able 
and a capable Editor. I have also appointed him Brigade Major ; my boys 
are very active and vigilent, and renders every assistance within the com- 
pass of their power towards the performance of the Editorial duties of 
the paper, and they have also contributed liberally towards purch[as Jing 
the Establishment, as Mr. McFarland was both poor and pennyless. They 
caucus party here are purty well subdued, yet as your friend Stephen 


5A Pittsburgh newspaper, established in 1820. 
® Editor of the Columbian Observer, Philadelphia. 


August, 1824 265 


Simpson remarks, they keep up a semblance of at least high sounding 
words: They have held a meetting here a few days since in the Court- 
house to chuse delegates to send to Harrisburgh, to form a opposition 
ticket, and after all their exertions, after sending men on horse back with 
handbills all over the county; to their greate mortification” they only 
could muster 19—In both City and County. General you may rest 
assured of the vote of Pennsylvania. 


To James H. WITHERSPOON.” 


NasHVILLe, August I1, 1824. 

D’r Sir, your letter of the 24th ult. is Just recd; and altho an entire 
stranger to you feel a lively interest in your prosperity and that of 
your family your lady being the decendant of a distant relation by mariage, 
I mean your Ladies mother. 

I have had a great wish to revisit my native State, and once more 
mingle with those friends of my Juvenile days who may still be living ; 
but I have been hitherto prevented by circumstances over which I had 
no controle; and I am now prevented from accepting the opportunity that 
the friendly invitation of my fellow Citizens through you would now 
afford—for many reasons unnessary now to enumerate; next Spring may 
afford me an opportunity with my family of Vissitting the country that 
gave me birth, when it will afford me much pleasure, and when I shall 
avail myself of the pleasure of seeing you and your family at your own 
house; and offering up a prayer for that son of yours, that you have 
honoured me with his name, that he may long live and be a blessing to 
his parents in their old age. 

As to the question asked, I with pleasure answer, I was born in So 
Carolina, as I have been told at the plantation whereon James Crawford 
lived about one mile from the Carolina road of the Waxhaw Creek, 
left that Siate in 1784, was born on the 15 of march in the year 1767. 
I am truly happy to learn, at what house my Mother died, I knew she 
died near charleston, having vissitted that City with several matrons to 
afford relief to our prisoners with the British—not her son as you sup- 
pose, for at that time my two Elder brothers were no more, but two 
of her Nephews, William and Joseph Crawford Sons of James Crawford 
then deceased. I well recollect one of the matrons that went with her 
was Mrs. Boyd. It is possible Mrs. Barton can inform me where she 
was buried that I can find her grave, This to me would be great satis- 
faction, that I might collect her bones and inter them with that of my 
father and brothers. 

I offer you my thanks for the Political information your letter has 
afforded. present me affectionately to your Lady, kiss my namesake for 


me; and accept assurances of my high respect and regard 
yr mo obdt Servt. 


1 Copy. 


266 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To THE MARQUIS DE LAFAYETTE.* 


HERMITAGE, September 10, 1824. 

Sir, The Public journals announce your return to the land where your 
sword was unsheathed in the cause of Freedom, where, abandoning your 
ease, your fortune, and your country, and what was still more dear to 
youthful minds, the embraces of conjugal Love, and the magnificence of 
the court of Versailles; you embarked in the service of our infant Re- 
public at a time when its patrotism (a mere handfull of men, divided 
and dispirited,) were retreating before Thirty Thousand British Veteran 
Troops. It was under such circumstances that the Heaven born flame of 
Liberty and Equal rights animated your youthful breast, and Taught you 
that it was more honorable to become the compatriot of immortal Wash- 
ington, than enjoy the most splendid honors of Royalty—it was under 
such circumstances that you risked your fortunes with those of then 
hopeless America: But, Thank Heaven, America triumphed; and, now, 
with the gratitude of Ten Millions of Freemen she salutes you as one of 
the Fathers of her glorious existence, and as the devoted advocate of 
independence and national freedom throughout the world. Welcome 
then—Thrice Welcome to her grateful land !—is echoed from every bosom, 
and from none with more pure fervor than from the Patriotic citizens of 
Tennessee. 

I cannot here, Sir, restrain a recurrence to my own youthful feelings, 
when your arrival and that of the Baror: de Kalb was announced at 
Charleston So Carolina. It aroused every Patriot from a state of despair 
to that of confidence in our bleeding cause, while the shout of victory or 
death was sung thro the welkin. It inspired an enthusiasm fitted for such 
occasions, and becoming the people who had resolved to be free. “ Believe 
it, Dear Genl., one of the happiest moments of my life, that which enables 
me to tender you my grateful feelings on this occasion, which I beg you 
to accept with my high respect, friendship, and esteem; and also present 
the same to your son 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, September 23, 1824. 

.... The redoubtable hero, of Squoting memory,? Jesse Benton has 
come out with a pamphlet in abuse of Mr Adams and myself. I have not 
seen it, but am aware that he is only the puppet, moved by the Crawford 
Junto behind the scene, Balch, John P. Erwin and Co. it was published 
by the editor of the Whig, it has brought upon Norvol some contempt 
and harsh epithets. my hands for the present is tied, I treat it, and intend 
for the present, with silent contempt they deserve, a time may arise when 
their mirth may be turned into tears. Balch looks wild; having heard 
that I suspect him as one. when will you be in? I will have to leave 


home the first of Novr; how comes on my particular friend and Irish 
relations .... 


1 Copy. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


2 See the next paper. The pamphlet mentioned was An Address on the Presidential 
Question (Nashville, 1824). 


September, 1824 267 


MEMORANDUM ABOUT JACKSON’s DUELS.? 


‘ . September 23, 1824(?). 

It is a positive falshood instead of Fact that Genl Jackson after his 
antagonist had fallen exulted in his success in a strain of disgusting 
profanity, but instead of that extended to his fallen enemy who had 
boasted, that he would kill the genl, had practised shooting for upwards 
of three months and offerred to bet $1000 that he would kill him, all 
the humanity in his power by furnishing cordials, and wine etc., etc., which 
his antagonist sure of success was without—see George Brady’s[ ?] cer- 
tificate. | 

It is a positive falshood that Genl Jackson several years since in Nash- 
ville in a public Hotell fired off his pistol in a rencounter with Mr Ben- 
ton regardless of the lives of the spectators. So far from this being the 
fact—The Genl did not frre at all. When the Genl entered the passage of 
the Hotell there was no person but Mr Thos H. Benton in it. his brother 
Jessee Benton who in an affair with Major Carrol, now Governor had 
disgraced himself by squatting and dogging; at the time the Genl entered 
the passage, entered the Barr Room, and as the Genl advanced along the 
passage in pursuit of Colo Benton Jessee Benton concealed behind the 
door of the Barr Room, Shot the Genl through the shoulder. The Genl 
still advancing on the Colo. who had retreated with a pistol in each hand 
out of the passage along the passway to the dining Room, Jessee Benton 
like a cowardly assasin came behind the Genl Shot him again in the left 
arm and broke it. The Genl fell and untill this there was no person but 
the Genl, Colo. Thos H Benton and his brother Jessee in the passage, 
Colo. Hays and Genl Coffee entered as Jessee Benton and his Brother 
was advancing upon the Genl then prostrate, Jessee with the third pistol, 
presenting at the head of the Genl. Colo. Benton was knoked down stairs 
by Genl Coffee, and Colo. Hays would have Killed the assasin Jessee 
Benton if his arm had not been arested by Capt Hammons by request of 
the Genl. 

It is a positive falshood that Genl Jackson has been either at a cock- 
fight or sports of a similar nature for the last thirteen years. The fact 
as stated that Genl Jackson imprisoned, Judge Hall and disobayed the 
mandate of Judge Fromentin, has been so often refuted and investigated 
that the public mind is at rest on those subjects—one remark ; Genl Jack- 
son as Governor of Florida was exoficio the Supreme Judge of the 
Floridas, as well might chief Justice Marshal be found fault with for 
disregarding the mandate of a Justice of the peace. Calava was confined 
for a Contempt to the Court by the Supreme Judiciary of Florida and 
Fromentin who was the Council of Calava, Issued a something which 
he Called a writ of Habeas Corpus to release him. Suppose a man in 
your State imprisoned for a contempt of the Supreme court and a 
Subordinate Judge Issue his mandate for the delivery of the person would 
your Supreme court obay it. 

The ballance of the peace is too contemptible to be noticed, except my 
vote in the Convention, I here send you a copy of that member of our 
Constitution. 


1 The handwriting is Jackson’s. The date is only approximately correct. The memo- 
randum is endorsed, “Rough draft of Facts against A. Wayne, Jesse Benton etc.” 


268 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


THE Marguis DE LAFAYETTE TO JACKSON. 


“On BoarD THE STEAM Boat NEw York”, 
October 18, 1824. 

My dear General, With all the feelings of affectionate Gratitude I Have 
Received your kind and Highly Valued Letter: this is not However the 
first and greatest obligation that Binds me to general Jackson; Had you 
witnessed my anxiety when on a Sudden all Europe was pacified, and the 
flower of the British army were on their way to Louisiana, you would 
still Better judge what I felt of relief, joy, and pride, on Receiving the 
Glorious Account of your Victory; I Have long Anticipated the pleasure 
to take you by the Hand, and whatever Be your future movements I wili 
not leave the U. S. Before I Have Seeked and found the opportunity 
to Express in person my High Regard and Sincer friendship. I am now 
on my way to York town, and I shall proceed By way of Norfolk to 
Richmond Monticelo and Montpellier. My wish is to Be at Washington 
By the time Congress meet, and I afterwards Contemplate a Visit to the 
Southern and Western States, there to enjoy the wonders that Have 
Been produced By a Virtuous and active population Under the Blessings 
of popular institutions. There also I will find old Revolutionary friends, 
and Among the enjoyments of these visits I Beg you to think I set a 
proper Value on The Honor and Gratification to tell you How Cordially 
I am 

Your admirer and friend 


My Son Requests His Respectful Thanks to be presented to You. 


To SAMUEL SWARTWOUT.* 


WASHINGTON, December 14, 1824. 

D’r Sir, But for the little liesure I have had since my arrival at this 
place your letter of the roth would have been earlier replied to. I assure 
you my dear Sir that so far as my feelings stand staked on the late contest 
before the american people, I feel myself greatly gratified, and amply 
remunarated against every thing of unpleasantness, which abuse and slan- 
der has heaped upon me, in the recollection and hope, that my friends have 
been actuated by the fairest motives. I recollect with pride and pleasure 
that in no one instance have I sought either by promise or management 
to draw to myself the good opinion of a single individual in society— 
and that so many should have preferred me to take charge, and to ad- 
minister the affairs of our great and growing country, is to me a matter 


1 The original of this letter was in the possession of the late Mr. Henry De 
Easton, Md., who published it in the Proceedings of the Am. Antiq. Soc eee 
The text used here is from Jackson’s copy in the Jackson MSS. , ; ; 

‘When Col. Charles P. Tutt, of Leesburg, Va., protested to Jackson against the freedom 
with which Jackson unfolded his views to Swartwout, Jackson replied that he knew 
Swartwout was an honest man and a loyal friend. He declared, “ Viewing therfore as 
I do Major Swartwout as an honest man and the substance of my letter to him approved 
I have nothing for regret in addressing it to him, particularly as I am insured by you 
who I know to be my friend, that you are the personal friend of Major Swartwout 
which I am sure you would not be, if his private character did [not] stand fair and 
unimpeached ”. When Jackson became President he appointed Swartwout collector of 
the port of New York, in which position he defaulted to the extent of a million and 
a quarter dollars. 


December, 1824 269 


of the highest consolation, let the result now be what it may. There are 
doub[t]less many, who might discredit the assertion, tho you will I hope 
believe it, that upon this subject I am without any deep concern. I should 
be doing injustice to the feelings of those who with zeal and friendship 
have sustained me in this trial, were I to assert entire disregard about 
the matter, nor do I feel a disregard particularly when I consider that so 
many of my fellow citizens have evinced a preferrence towards me, my 
thanks are due to them, and they are most cheerfully extended; yet I do 
declare to you, that if any favourable result could be secured, through 
any intrigue, management or promises to be made on my part, I would 
at once unhesitatingly and without reserve spurn any thing of success. 
you must not understand, with any other meaning than that which it is 
my object to convay; it is this: that the choice of a President is a matter 
for the people; to be installed against their wishes no man could calculate 
upon a happy or beneficial administration: neither credit to himself or 
benefit to his country could be the result of his success; and therefore 
do I repeat to you, and assure you, that I should feel myself an unhappy, 
perhaps degraded man, should any thing of management or arrangement 
contrary to that consent place me in the executive chair: A turbulent time 
will the lot of that man who may come in, thro any other channel save 
that of a preferrence by the people; and god grant it may be always so. 
To say I have nothing of concern about the office would be doing injustice 
to the kind feelings of those who have sustained me, and would wear the 
appearence of affectation, it is my design merely to say, that I would 
rather remain a plain cultivator of the soil as I am, than to occupy that 
which is truly the first office in the world, if the voice of the nation was 
against it. with these sentiments I have lived, and with them I hope to 
die. 

I have toiled for my country; and the advantages she has derived I 
hope from my services, are of pleasing reflection, and to me it is of higher 
importance, that our happiness and plain republican institutions should 
be well maintained, than that this, or that man shall take charge of our 
destinies. I have risked much for the liberties of my country, and my 
anxious and sincere prayer is, that they may long endure. 

Who shall rule is of less importance, than how he may claim to rule, 
or shall govern when in power. The person of whom you speak is well 
known to me, and has been for a long time, with you I agree that he is a 
timid undecided man; for his own sake I could wish it otherwise. for the 
caution given, you have my thanks and I will profit by the sugestion 

Mrs. J respects you will please present to Mrs. S. and accept for 
yourself the assurance of my great respect 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


WASHINGTON, December 27, 1824. 
Dear Genl, Shortly after our arival I wrote you, advising of our safe 
arival here on the 7th instant all well, after a continual travel of 28 days; 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


270 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


my horses stood the journey well, but as was to be expected, much 
wearied and somewhat reduced in flesh. 

We have been in a constant bustle since our arival, and will be so for, 
and during the Holidays, altho Mrs J and myself goes to no parties. We 
have had the finest weather thro all this month I ever experienced ; this 
day as pleasant as a May day, and a prospect of a continuation of fine 
weather, I hope it may have extended to Tennessee, and Alabama. if it 
has the cotton planters must have been much benefitted by getting in 
their crops without injury from rain. I am anxious to hear from you 
and give me the average of your cotton crops, the prospect of a good 
price and how Mr Nicholson comes on, and the amount of his present 
crop of cotton, with the health of your family, and how my Irish friends 
comes on; I am fearfull that the information of the electoral vote, and 
that Georgia has instructed their Representatives in congress, on the event 
that Mr Crawford is dropped to vote for me, will prove injurious to their 
health, and spirits; to console them I wish you (should you meet with 
Mrs James Jackson) to present to her my respects. for her and her 
children I have a very sincere regard, and the coolness that has taken 
place between James and me will never be extended to her and the children 
so long as they treat my name with respect, and altho all intercourse 
between James and myself is closed, still I will cherish a friendship for 
Mrs Jackson and the children. 

You will have ere this reaches you, seen the Electoral vote; Mr Clay 
does not come before the House of Representatives, and Mr Crawford 
it is believed stands no chance; whether his friends may unite with Mr 
Adams, and those of Mr Clay, I cannot say, or whether an attempt will 
be made to unite Clays friends with Mr Crawfords and thereby prevent 
a choice, I cannot say, there are various rumours, on these subjects, but 
whether any of them is founded in fact I know not, as I do not intermix, 
or join in any conversation on the subject of the presidential election. I 
do believe that Mr Clay cannot influence the Kentucky delegation, if he 
was so disposed and how the election for the president may be decided 
is very doubtful. my friends are sanguine, be it as it may I am contented, 
I have no feelings on the subject, my happiness and choice would be to 
return to the Hermitage, enjoy the sweets of domestic quiett, but the 
Lords will be done. How much your situation are to be envied and how 
prudent you have been to keep yourself free of political life, surrounded 
as you are by your lovely children, and amiable wife, you ought not to 
abandon it for any thing on earth. Here there is a bustle continually ; 
the man in office greeted with smiles and apparent friendship, his confi- 
dence often sought to be betrayed; surrounded thus, where a man must 
be always guarded, happiness cannot exist. The best lesson learnt me in 
my youth, was to pursue principle and never depart from my own judgt 
when matured. treat all with complacency, but make confidents of but 
few, I have profitted much by an adherence to this rule, but still I have 
been decieved as you know in men, and I have become so well acquainted 
with human nature, that I am wearied with a public life, and if I could 
with propriety, would retire, but my lott is cast, and fall as it may, I 


January, 1825 271 


must be content. should it be that I can retire next March to my home, 
I will be happy. If confined here I must exercise my best exertions for 
the public weal, untill the four years runs round. If my life is spared, 
then I shall claim from my country an exemption from further service 
or toil. 

We are at Mr Gadsbys tavern,” well lodged, but J pay for it, how my 
funds may hold out I cannot say. write me, should I want funds whether 
any of Andrew J. Hutchings present crop can be spared from the pur- 
chase of land. I only ask to know, as I allways look ahead in money 
matters, believing that the clear proceeds of my own crop will be sufficient 
for my purpose. 

all are well and enjoying themselves, the young at parties and Mrs J 
and myself at home smoking our pipe and all send love to you Polly and 


the children. 
your friend 


Jacxson’s “ Brack PoLts” IN 1825. 


January 1, 1825. 
Old Hanna and her family squire wife and child, Bet, husband and 


child, and George in all 8 
Blacksmith Aron wife and 3 children 5 
Charles wife and child 3 
Tom wife and 9 children II 
Ben wife and 4 children 6 
old Sampson wife, and 9 children (grace’s 2) If 
Dunwody, Ned, Guilbert and Tom, 4 
Polydore wife and 2 children 4 
Sally and her 4 children 5 
Titus Candis and child John Fulton. 4 
Aron wife and 2 children 4 
Big. Sampson wife and child 3 
Arguila wife and 4 children 6 
Jame wife and 4 children 6 
80 

7 over 50—not taxable 7 

if: 

41. over 12. and under 50 Taxable.................-.- 41 

32 under 12 years of age 32 

forty one blax poles first day of Janry 1825 
640 acres of land Do Do Do 


County of Davidson whereon he lives. 


2 The Franklin Hotel, where he had boarded during the session of 1823-1824. Senator 
Eaton had taken over the property from O’Neal, to save O’Neal’s interests, and had 


sold it to Gadsby. 
20 


272 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Old Hanna upwards of 50. Her family Taxable. Bet, George, 


Ned, Afred * 4 
Charles and charlotte his wife Do. 2 
Dunwody and Ned not taxable— 2 
Sampson and Priss Do—do— 2 
their family Grace, Littleton, Orange, Essex, 4 
Aron blaksmith and wife Do. 2 
Aron and his wife, wife not taxable Dera 
Ben and wife Do. 2 
Tom and wife and family towit 
Campble, Isaac, and Moses and Cancer Do. 6 
Pinny upwards of 50 
Pollydore and wife Do. 2 
Indian Sally, son, and Titus Doces 
Squire and wife : Do. 2 
Easter, Guilbert, Arguila, and wife Do. 4 
Big Sampson—wife and son Doar3 
Jame and wife Do. 2 
Peter and Jack. and Jacob Do. 3 
John Fulton Do. I 

4I 
Not taxable being upwards of 50, 7: under Io 35 
in all Taxable and Not Taxable 83 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


SENATE CHAMBER, January 5, 1825. 

.... The political contest you will have discovered is over [in?] the 
Electoral colleges, and has resulted in bringing before the House of Repre- 
sentatives, myself, Mr Adams, and Mr Crawford. how it may be decided 
by that body I know not and I am determined, to continue my course 
and not interfere in any way. if I am placed there, it shall be without 
any solicitation or interference on my part. my choice would be on the 
Hermitage enjoying the blessings of solitude and private happiness with 
my friends. I named in my last to you that I had some doubts whether 
my funds here would meet my expence; but from the shortness of little 
Andrews crop, it will not be more than sufficient to meet the purchase 
of the forfeighted lands, therefore will endeavour to do with the surpluss 
of my own crop. I would if the crop had been as productive as I expected 
asked you to have spared me $500 but fearfull that it will be wanted I now 
decline asking for it, least an injury might accrue to my little ward. We 
are all well, they young ladies Mrs Call, and Donelson, at parties when 
they choose; Mrs Jackson at the church, and myself harrassed with busi- 
ness, and letters on business, but still my health has improved. Please 


1 This tabulation is made on the reverse side of the sheet on which is the list which 
appears on the preceding page. It probably relates to a different date. 
1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


January, 1825 273 


write me as soon as you hear from Orleans the price of , that 


I may form an estimate of probable amount of the proceeds of my own 
CLODAnaaya0% 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.2 


WASHINGTON, January 6, 1825. 

Dear Genl, On yesterday I wrote you from the senate chamber, stating 
to you, from the information of Mr Graham, Commissioner of the land 
office, that the sales of the forfeighted lands would not be posponed, 
and I would see the President on the subject and give you the result of the 
interview. You can judge of my astonishment, when I called today and 
found that some days ago, the order for posponement had issued, and 
that the land would not be sold under a twelve month. Things are as 
unstable here as our climate. However you see, that the speculators has 
obtained one year more to increase their funds to the great injury of the 
prosperity of your state. I will thank you on the receipt of this to inform 
me what period of the present year would be most advantageous for the 
sales of the forfeighted lands, or whether as a posponement has taken 
place, another crop would or would not [be] advantageous to the general 
mass of your citizens, and the erangement shall be made accordingly. 
should you be of opinion that it should be posponed untill after christmas 
next, you may remit me five hundred dollars, which will be ordered with 
the interest to be paid you by Colo Anthony Winston out of his first bond 
then due. should you remit, please to send it so that it will reach me by 
the first of March. should I not be detained here officially, I shall en- 
deavour to leave here by the 5th of March. 

How the presidential question may be decided I know not. information 
of today, gives some reasons to believe that a coalition is about to be 
formed, which may be called the trio, the interest of Crawford, Clay and 
Adams combined, for the purpose of defeating my election. be this as it 
may, I shall continue my course, of independence of intrigue and manage- 
ment, and if elected it shall be without any interference of mine. If not 
elected by this independent course, I shall retire upon magnanimous 
ground, and I assure you I shall not envy the man who places himself in 
the chair of state by intrigue of his friends... .. 


To CoLONEL CHARLES P. TurTT. 


WASHINGTON, January 9, 1825. 

D’r sir, your letter of the 4th and 6th, is Just recd. I thank you for the 
information communicated. I never had a doubt of the honour of some of 
my political enemies, but that they would attempt to disturb the repose 
of an innocent female in her declining years is a species of wickedness that 
I did not suppose would be attempted. 

One thing I can assure you, whenever my enemies shall think it worth 
while to investigate my or the character of Mrs. J I fear not the result, 
I as well know how to defend my and her character as I have done the 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


274 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


rights of my country, whenever it can be traced to a source worthy of 
notice. I am aware of the plan of my enemies, to endeavour to excite and 
provoke me. This cannot be done, untill calm reflection, convinces my 
Judgt that Justice requires attonement of the invaders of Female Charac- 
tetehartia an 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


WASHINGTON, January 23, 1825. 

Dear Genl, Having a respite from company this evening owing to a 
snow storm gives me a little leisure to convert to contemplation and 
friendship, I therefore employ the leisure thus offered to write you. It is 
surely pleasant after a continued bustle for weeks that a calm should 
present itself. It would be still more pleasant, if the rational mind could 
pass these scenes in review and approve them. This is not my case, for 
altho there is party after party Mrs J and myself do not attend them, 
except the 8th ? and Mrs Monroes drawing room we have not participated. 
These were enough, it was only to discover that there was nothing but 
shew, nothing of pure principles of friendship in these crowds, hypocrisy 
and hollow heartedness predominates in this great city. from this pic- 
ture, I would make many exceptions, but when applied to the great mass of 
this mixed assemblage it is true. How often does my thoughts lead me 
back to the Hermitage. there in private life surrounded with a few 
friends, would be a paradise, compared to, the best situation here, and if 
once more there it would take a writ of habeas corpus to remove me into 
public life again. situated as I am, patience and fortitude must be exer- 
cised, and the will of providence cheerfully submitted to. you see I am 
still in the habit of ascribing the lott of man to the will of an all ruling 
providence, and should I be brought into the presidential chair it must 
be by his influence counteracting the intrigues of men, and the union of 
interests here. If rumour is to be credited I have all the influence of the 
executive cabinet,* except Calhoun, and by many (not by me) he is sus- 


1 Jan. 9 Colonel Tutt wrote to Jackson from his home at Locust Hill, near Leesburg, Va., 
as follows: “I wrote to you on the 6th Inst. in consequence of information communicated 
to me by a most respectable Gentn. a friend of yours, who particularly advised me to do so, 
to guard you against the base attempt of your enemies, it was with great reluctance I 
did so, and nothing but a sense of duty, could have induced me to do any thing that would 
have caused you a moments uneasiness, since then I have [seen?] the Gentn. from Alexa. 
who made the communication to our mutual friend, and I [am] happy to state to you that 
it is true such papers are in the hands of an individual in Alexa. for such objects but he is 
himself uncertain as to the truth of them and is besides afraid to communicate or even 
to speak about them, so that it does not appear that there will be the vilianous attempt 
to injure you that I apprehended, at least I hope and believe there will not. it would be 
well however for your friends to keep a sharp look out, without their even intimating 
the least knowledge of the circumstance. I do not know when I was more irritated than 
when the circumstance was communicated to me. the very great regard and most exalted 


opinion I have ever entertained for Mrs. Jackson contributed to encrease my dis 
the base attempt.” y disgust at 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


ane ball in the evening at General Brown’s, in celebration of the battle of New 
rleans. 


3 Sc. against me. 


February, 1825 275 


pected. with this influence combined with Mr Clay, providence alone can 
counteract. still my friends are confident of success. The people having 
placed me on high grounds, I have no feelings on the occasion, and pursue 
my independent course from which I have not, nor will, I depart, no 
influence has, or will be used by me; if I am selected, it will be without 
promise, without being committed to any one. attempts have been made 
through friends, which was repulsed at the threshold, from these hints 
you can draw a picture how things are said to be managed here. 

The ladies are all in good health and spirits, but Emily,* who has a cold 
which is common here but will be able to vissit the theatre tomorrow 
evening if the weather will permit. Mrs J spend her time on sundays at 
church, on thursdays at prayer meetings the ballance of the week in re- 
ceiving and paying vissits, so much for our time. 

In my last I brought to your view, the want of funds; and requested 
you to forward me five hundred dollars. If you can do this out of A. J 
Hutchings funds it will oblige me, and I will be able to have it refunded 
out of my crop as soon as it is sold at markett. I have to day received a 
letter from Parsons, stating he has delivered 51 bales averaging upwards 
of 500 lbs each and the ballance he will soon have ready, he has posponed 
ginning part of mine to ginn Capt J. Donelsons for Mr McLemore, 
Mr Nichols having directions to pay his account and some other little 
debts out of the first sales. I may not be able before the 1st of March to 
get a remittance from him, therefore have made the request of you. five 
hundred will clear me of the city if permitted to leave it the 4th of March 
next. if not I can early return you the amount I wish you therefore to 
send me $500. ... . 


To Major WituraM B. Lewis. 


SENATE CHAMBER, February 7, 1825. 

D’r Major, The Public Journals will have informed you of the letter 
to the Editor of the Columbian Observer from a member of Congress, 
the card of Mr. Clay, and the reply by another Card, and the proceedings 
of the house of Representatives thereon, who have raised a committee, 
and referred the vera dictum of Mr. Clay to that committee? This is 
thought here by many a very novel proceeding without any parliamentary 
precedent to warrent it. What the committee may do, I cannot conjec- 
ture. But you may prepare to hear a debate (if a report is made) of 
great excitement not very creditable to our country. 

It is believed by some, that this course was taken to inveigle Mr. 
Kreamer into an apology, but if Iam a Judge of human nature they have 
mistook the man, he would suffer Martyrdom before he would descend 
to such humiliation. I am told he has ample proof of the application of 
Mr. Clays friends to support his statement in his letter. If this is true, the 
committee will not open the case for this proof. Should it refuse, there 


4Mrs. A. J. Donelson. 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 
2See Bassett, Jackson, pp. 356-362. 


276 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


will be no course left Mr. K. but to protest Vs. the proceedings and ap- 
peal to the nation. How the Election of President may result is impossi- 
ble to tell. The rumor of Barter of office, intrigue and corruption still 
afloat, which I hope for the honor of our country there is no truth in.* 

I am in haste your friend 


To Major Witt1AM B. LeEwis.* 


WASHINGTON, February 14, 1825. 

Dear Major: I am informed this day by Colo. R. M. Johnston of the 
Senate ? that Mr. Clay has been offerred the office of Sec of State, and that 
he will accept it. So you see the Judas of the West has closed the contract 
and will receive the thirty pieces of silver. his end will be the same. Was 
there ever witnessed such a bare faced corruption in any country before? 
The Senate, (if this Nomination is sent to it) will do its duty. No im- 
putation will be left at its door. We will soon be with you, farewell. 


To CoLonEL SQuIRE GRANT.* 
Private 
City or WASHINGTON, February 18, 1825. 

.... The public Journals will have advised you of the result of the 
Presidential election. Mr. Clay (like Judas of old it is said), sold him- 
self and his influence to Mr. Adams, and carried a Majority of the Ken- 
tuckians with him, for which, (it was predicted) he was to receive the 
appointment of Sec of State. This office has been offered to him, and it is 
said he has agreed to accept it 

If the Citizens of Kentucky submit to be thus bartered for office for a 
Demogogue, they may bid farewell to their freedom. our Government 
rests upon virtue, its [mutilated] you see are becoming [mutilated] rot- 


ten, and unless repaired by the virtue of the people, the fair fabric of 
[mutilated | must tumble. 


Mrs J. Joins me in respects to you and your family and believe me to be 
Yr. mo. obdt. servt. 


8 Lewis has been pronounced Jackson’s chief adviser in this crisis; but if the assump- 
tion is true it seems strange that this slight communication is the only letter thus far 
encountered to or from Lewis and it comes from Lewis’s collection, which is very full. It 
is safer to say that Jackson, a very strong-headed man, had his own way of doing things 
in all his concerns, that no one led him outright, but that his course was modified by tact- 
ful persons who happened to be with him at the moment of action. When Jackson, at this 
stage of his career, was in Washington it was Eaton who acted with him; when he was in 
Nashville, it was Lewis. But Eaton was a more intellectual man than Lewis, and his in- 
fluence extended to the larger problems that confronted the group. Lewis rarely shows 
any interest in political ideas. His mind concerned itself with persons, appointments, and 


the oe a of his chief. In such matters he was an industrious, loyal, and capable 
servant. 


1N. Y. Hist. Soc. 
2 Richard M. Johnson, senator from Kentucky. 
1 Wis. State Hist. Soc., Draper MSS. 


February, 1825 277 


BILL FoR TWENTY-THREE Covers.! 


FRANKLIN House HorTet, WasHINGTON City. 


February 18, 1825. 
Genl. Jackson 


to John Gadsby Jr. Dr. 


ee OT yn a ee oe md : 
20-20. Pinch... RM eens Neth he Vala tie alas, Sect sae ae 
ee re ee ee OA ES 20.00 
peer rete rainy eet eer eS CN Oo oe 1.00 
emer N Ny hiskey” teen se MAME oe ol 1.00 
eee idet ea Meee eh Se EN) BC Poe er, 0.75 
Gee OL eeneaIene., Fe, se aA YS i eee 12.00 
ee eT VU i it Se OR 4 in Ce 6.00 
Pee einicta ete etc eee oe eee Pe 46.00 
PaaaAC IMME TUS WELT Ri met cre 2 oh uth ee anos 82 TS me 
Sets anit <2 Est. NV iew et. oe. beater ek 7.50 
Do. Be day ee dete os ee, ware be 0.50 8.50 
Do. RAYA ESHER oop, haha, fet es Se Uk Toke OC alt 0.50 
$86.25 


Recd. payt. for 
J. Gadsby Jr 
PETER BRADY 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


WASHINGTON, February 19, 1825. 

Dear Genl, This morning I recd your letter of the 29th ult. inclosing 
me five hundred dollars in united states notes for which I return you my 
sincere thanks. This being out of the funds of my little ward, you will 
please enter it, so that it will bear interest untill I return. I will have it in 
my power the moment I reach Nashville to return it, as I have recd from 
Mr Josiah Nichol information of my cotton safe arival at Orleans, and 
that he will forward a bill on Mr Jones of Baltimore for $1000. 

My situation here was one of great expence, I had anticipated this and 
brought on with me $2300, this with my pay, I did suppose would be 
sufficient; In this I was mistaken, and my fear that Doctor Bedford 
would not remit to Mr Josiah Nichol in time to reach me by the rise of 
congress I addressed you, and am now in a situation to get home with 
occonomy without want. 

Mr Donelson has wrote you at my request to day, and to his letter I 
refer you, for the result of the Presidential election. I weep for the liberty 
of my country when I see at this early day of its “ successful experi- 


1JIn one day. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


278 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


ment ”, that corruption has been imputed to many members of the House 
of Representatives, and the rights of the people have been bartered for 
promises of office, Mr Clay their chief has recd by way of the fulfilment 
of the rumoured contract with him a tender of the office of sec of state, 
and it is said he has agreed to accept it. How far the senate will support 
his nomination and consumate this corruption a few days will determine. 
There are many of them I am sure will never do an act to cover them- 
selves with the imputation of favouring such corruption. ... . 


To SAMUEL SWARTWOUT.* 


WASHINGTON, February 22, 1825. 

My Dear Sir, I was quite concerned that you left the city so suddenly, 
as that I was denied the pleasure of seeing and shaking you by the hand. 
You took with you however my best wishes for your safe arival home. 
I beg you to present to Mrs. S. my and Mrs. Jackson’s affectionate regard. 

Yesterday I recd. your communication adverting to the reasons and 
defence presented by Mr. Clay to Judge Brooks * why duty and reflection 
imposed upon him the necessity of standing in opposition to me, because 
of my being as he is pleased to style me, “a Military Chieftain”. I had 
before seen the letter; first when it appeared, I did entertain the opinion, 
that perhaps some notice of it might be necessary, for the reason that the 
expression seemed to carry with it more the appearance of personality 
than anything else; and could the opinion be at all entertained, that it 
could meet the object, which doubtless was intended, to prejudice me in 
the estimation of my countrymen, I might yet consider some notice of it 
necessary ; such a belief however I cannot entertain, without insulting the 
general testimonial with which by ninety-nine electers of the people I 
have been honored. 

I am well aware that this term “ Military Chieftain”? has for some- 
time past been a cant phrase with Mr. Clay and certain of his retainers; 
but the vote with which by the people I have been honored, is enough to 
satisfy me, that the prejudice by them, sought to be produced availed but 
little. This [is] sufficient for me. I entertain a deep and hearfelt grati- 
tude to my country, for the confidence and regard she has manifested 
towards me, leaving to prejuduced minds whatever they can make of the 
epithet “ Military Chieftain ”. 

It is for an ingenuity stronger than mine to conceive what idea was 
intended to be conveyed by that term. It is very true that early in life, 
even in the days of boyhood, I contributed my mite to shake off the yoke 
of tyranny, and to build up the fabrick of free government; and when 
lately our country was involved in war, having the commission of Major 
Genl. of Militia in Tennessee, I made an appeal to the patriotism of the 
western citizens, when 3000 of them went with me to the field, to support 
her Eagles. If this can constitute me a “‘ Military Chieftain” I am one. 


1 From the collection of the late Mr. Henry De Pu f East i 
by him in the Proceedings of the Am. Anta SGe" ora: Anes ulegawtarten see 
2 Francis J. Brooke, Maryland judge. Colton, Private Correspondence of Clay, p. 111. 


February, 1825 279 


Aided by the patriotism of the western people, and an indulgent provi- 
dence, it was my good fortune to protect our frontier border from the 
Savages, and successfully to defend an important and vulnerable point 
of our Union. Our lives were risked, privations endured, sacrifices made, 
if Mr. Clay pleases, Martial law declared, not with any view of personal 
agrandisement, but for the preservation of all and everything that was 
valuable, the honor safety and glory of our country. Does this constitute 
a “ Military Chieftain ” ? and are all our brave men in war, who go forth 
to defend their rights, and the rights of their country to be termed Mili- 
tary Chieftains, and therefore denounced? if so, the tendency of such a 
doctrine may be, to arrest the ardor of usefull and brave men, in future 
times of need and peril: with me it shall make no difference; for my 
country at war I would aid assist and defend her rights, let the conse- 
qunces be what they might. I have as you very well know, by some of 
the designing politicians of this country, been charged with taking bold 
and high-handed measures; but as they were not designed for any benefit 
to myself I should under similar circumstances not refrain from a course 
equally bold; that man who in time of difficulty and danger shall halt at 
any course, necessary to maintain the rights and privileges and indepen- 
dence of the country, is unsuited to authority; and if these opinions and 
sentiments shall entitle me to the name and character of a Military Chief- 
tain I am content so to be considered, satisfied too for Mr. Clay if he 
chooses, to represent to the citizens of the West, that as the reason why in 
his opinion I meritted not his and their confidence. 

Mr. Clay never yet has risked himself for his country, sacrificed his 
repose, or made an effort to repel an invading foe; of course his “ con- 
science ”’ assured him that it was altogether wrong in any other man to 
lead his countrymen to battle and victory. He who fights, and fights suc- 
cessfully must according to his standard be held up as a “ Military Chief- 
tain”: even Washington could he again appear among us might be so 
considered, because he dared to be a virtuous and successfull soldier, an 
honest statesman, and a correct man. It is only when overtaken by disas- 
ter and defeat, that any man is to be considered a safe politician and cor- 
rect statesman. 

Defeat might to be sure have brought with it one benefit, it might have 
enabled me to escape the notice and animadversions of Mr. Clay, but con- 
sidering that by an opposite result, my country has been somewhat bene- 
fitted, I rather prefer it even with the opprobrium and censure which he 
seems disposed to extend. To him thank god I am in no wise responsible, 
there is a purer tribunal to which in preference I would refer myself{—to 
the Judgment of an enlightened patriotic and uncorrupted people—to that 
tribunal I would rather appeal whence is derived whatever reputation 
either he or I are possessed of. 2 

By a refference there, it will be ascertained that I did not solicit the office 
of President, it was the frank and flattering call of the freemen of this 
country, not mine, which placed my name before the nation; when they 
failed in their colleges to make a choice, no one beheld me seeking thro 


280 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


art or management to entice any representative in Congress from a con- 
scientious responsibility to his own, or the wishes of his constituents. No 
midnight taper burnt by me; no secret conclaves were held, or cabals en- 
tered into, to persuade any to a violation of pledges given, or of instruc- 
tions received. By me no plans were concerted to impair the pure prin- 
ciples of our Republican institutions, or to frustrate that fundimental one 
which maintains the supremacy of the people’s will; on the contrary, hav- 
ing never in any manner either before the people or Congress in the 
slightest manner interfered with the question, my conscience stands void 
of offence, and will go quietly with me, heedless of the insinuations of any, 
who thro management may seek an influence, not sanctioned by merit. 

Demagogues I am persuaded have in times past, done more injury to 
the cause of freedom and the rights of man, than ever did a “ Military 
Chieftain ”’; and in our country, at least in times of peace, should be more 
feared. I have seen something of this in my march thro life, and have 
seen some men too, making the boldest professions who were more in- 
fluenced by selfish views and considerations, than ever they were by any 
workings of an honest conscience. 

I became a soldier for the good of my country: difficulties met me at 
every step; I thank god it was my good fortune to surmount them. The 
war over and peace restored I sought to retire again to my farm, and to 
private life, where but for the call made by my country to the Senate I 
should have contentedly remained. I never yet have been a hanger on 
upon office and power, or was willing to hold any post, longer than I could 
be usefull to my country, not myself, and I trust I never shall. If this 
makes me so, I am a “ Military Chieftain ”. 

I had intended visiting Philadelphia and hoped probably I again might 
have seen you in person but the health of Mrs. Jackson may prevent me. 
should I not have the pleasure of seeing you rest assured of my sincere 
friendship and esteem. 

I am very respectfully 
Yr mo. obdt. servt. 


To SAMUEL SwaRtwouT.? 


WASHINGTON, March 5, 1825. 

Dear Sir; Your favor of the 27th ult came to hand in due time, but for 
the want of opportunity it has not been in my power to thank you for it 
before this date. 

Yesterday Mr Adams was inaugurated amidst a vast assemblage of 
citizens, Having been escorted to the Capitol with a pomp and ceremony 
of guns and drums not very consistent in my Humble opinion with the 
character of the occasion. Twenty four years ago when Mr Jefferson 
was inducted into office, no such machinery was called in to give solemnity 
to the scene. He rode his own horse, and hitched him himself to the in- 


1 Copy. 


March, 1825 281 


closure.’ But it seems that times are changeing. I hope it is not so with 
the principles that are to characterise the administration of justice and 
constitutional law. These, in my fervent prayers for the prosperity and 
good of our country, will remain unaltered, based upon the soverignty of 
the People, and adorned with no forms or ceremonies, save those which 
their happiness and freedom shall command. 

I have not yet received your New York paper, in which as I inferred 
from your letter, my remarks upon the term military chieftain are be- 
fore this published. To this I have nothing to say. Mr Clay has used no 
delicacy toward me, and as I have never written any thing whether pri- 
vate or public which my heart and judgement did not sanction, I am not 
ke of the publication of those remarks, or any other which I may have 
made. 

Mrs Jackson still continues unwell, but I hope her health will allow us 
to take up our march to the Hermitage Tuesday or Wednesday next. We 
shall go by Baltimore in order to avoid the bad road between this and 
Frederic. 

We both join in kindest wishes to yourself and Lady 

Yrs. Respectfully 


GEORGE KREMER‘ TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, March 8, 1825. 

Dear Genl, Agreeably to your request, I communicate to you the sub- 
stance of a conversation which I had early in january last with the Hon 
James Buchanan. He inquired of me when I had seen Genl Jackson, I 
replied not for some time, he then said there was great intrigue going on 
and thau he thought it right to let me know it and that if he was known as 
I was to be the intimate friend of Genl Jackson he would inform the Genl 
of it and that he thought I ought to acquaint Genl Jackson, That the 
frinds of Adams were making overtures to the friends of Clay to this 
effect, That if they the friends of Clay aided to elect Adams Clay should 
[be] Secretary of State and that he thought we were in great danger 
unless we would consent to fight them with their own wepons, That the 
friends of Adams were urging as an argument to induce the friends of 
Clay to accede to the proposition that if Genl Jackson should be elected, 
Adams would be continued Secretary of State and repeated that he 


2 The legendary story, taken from John Davis, Travels (London, 1803). Thornton, 
the British chargé, writing on Mar. 4, 1801, says, “ He came from his own lodgings to 
the .. . Capitol on foot”. 

3 May 16, 1825, writing to Swartwout, Jackson commented on Clay’s address to his con- 
- stituents, and said that it was with difficulty that he could restrain himself from giving 
Clay a “good scourging”. Clay, he added, had “fallen below anything but contempt” 
(Proceedings of the Am. Antig. Soc., 1921, p. 87). 

Jackson’s correspondence with Swartwout was full at this time. Some of his letters 
got into the newspapers of the day. A few are preserved in the Jackson Correspondence. 
Those that seem important in this collection have been given in these volumes. A larger 
number, very interesting in content, edited by Mr. Henry De Puy, of Easton, Md., are 
published in the Proceedings of the Am. Antiq. Soc. for 1921. 

1M. C. from Pennsylvania. 


282 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


thought I ought at least to get myself authorized to say that if Genl Jack- 
son was elected President Mr Adams should not be continued Secretary 
of State. I told him that I could not do so That we must carry Genl Jack- 
son on the ground of principle and that his friends could not make any 
promise or give any pledges, that I did not believe that General Jackson 
ever had disclosed his mind to any man as to who he would appoint should 
he be elected, nor did I believe he would untill it became his duty. He then 
said I was unacquainted with the intrigues of these men, I then told 
[him] I could not believe it possible that such an intrigue could prevail. 
he said I might rest assured it was going on, That he knew the fact and 
repeated that it was necessary for the friends of Jackson to fight them 
with their own weppons at least so far as to say whether Adams should 
remain Secretary of State or not, I will not be certain that I have used 
Mr Buchanans own-words I am however certain that I have in Substance 
stated our conversation correctly. With great respect 1 remain your 
friend [and] fellow Citizen 


P.S Mr Buchanan stated that him and Mr Clay had become great 
friends this winter, this he said as I thought to inforce on my mind the 
authority from whence he had derived the information 


James H. WITHERSPOON TO JACKSON. 


WaxHAWS, CANE CREEK, S. C., April 16, 1825. 
General Andrew Jackson 

D’r Sir, Your letter of the 18th August now past was duly received, 
for which I beg you to accept my warmest thanks. You will I trust excuse 
me for not answering your kind letter at an earlier period. The only rea- 
son for my delay was founded on the strong hope of the pleasure of a 
personal interview with you, at which time, I would have duly acknowl- 
edged your letter, and gave you all the information that was in my power 
relative to your desire of Mrs. Barton pointing to the Grave of your 
Mother. 

I have examined Mrs Barton on that subject, (she lives in one mile of 
me) She states that if it was in her power to point to the spot she would 
fondly do so; as well as she remembers, and from all the information on 
the subject, your Mother was burried in the Suburbs of Charleston, about 
one mile from what was then called the Governors Gate, which is in and 
about the forks of the Meeting and Kingstreet Road’s. Mrs Barton 
states that your Mother was buried by her Husband, and two men of 
the name of Hood’s from the Waxhaws one of them is now dead, the 
other is living on Beaver Creek. Mrs B. is of the Opinion that after so 
long a time of nearly fifty years, she would have no knowledge of the par- 
ticular Spot; but she is of the Opinion that Mr Hood can point to the 
place for he has frequently in conversation with Mrs B. told her, that he 
often has noticed the little House where they all liveed in passing to 
Charleston with his Waggon, and spoke of your Mother etc. I would have 


April, 1825 283 


long ere this have called on Mr. Hood, who lives about 12 or 15 miles 
from me, for information, but defered it untill you would come out, when 
you would have seen him yourself; but the first good opportunity, I will 
see him. It is altnost unnecessary to say to you, how much I was disap- 
pointed, “together with the Citizens of Lancaster Dist., with a few re- 
maining Relations and friends, at your not Visiting us this Spring. As 
we have been deprived of the pleasure of a Visit from you, will you yet, 
my dear General, favor the place of your Nativity, the place that gave you 
birth, the place of your boyhood, and early habits, with a Visit. So. Ca. 
hails you as one of her sons, and would take a delight in paying Honors 
to a man who have rendered such eminent services to our Country. We 
have just paid Honors to Gen. Lay Fayettee, and would take as much 
pleasure in paying Honors to Gen. Jackson. There is a number of old 
men in our Dist still alive that knew you when you was a boy, I will here 
beg leave to name a few of them. “my Father in law’ Isaac Donnom, 
Masseys, Whites, McKwain Hoey, etc. etc. All the old Stock of the 
Crawfords, and the Fosters are dead. Of Major Robert Crawfords 
family that are alive only four children, one son John Crawford who 
lives at the old place, and Mary who married Doctor Dunlap (now a 
widow) lives four miles from her Brother John’s. You have second 
Cousins, Messrs, Lathems, and Faulkners. Your only Cousin Sarah 
Lathem whose maiden name was Lessley, died about a year past, leaving 
several Children. .... 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, April 24, 1825. 

.... The papers will give you the political news, to them I refer you. 
The poor Devil H. Clay, has come out with an address to his constituents,” 
in a begging cringing tone, to clear himself from the corrupt intrigue 
and management to procure for himself the office of sec of state, but he 
steers entirely clear of denying this charge. The various papers are com- 
menting on it, and will bring to his recollection before they are done the 
adage “ O that my enemy would write a book’. how little common sense 
this man displays in his course, a man who dwell, as he does, in a glass 
house, ought never to cast stones. silence would have been to him wisdom. 

My cotton has been sold badly, the second lott, at 13% when other lotts 
from Nashville by other houses sold much higher, This I do not under- 
stand, and unless explained I must change my commission merchant. 
The last lott I have not heard from, Mr Josiah Nichol changed the 
houses, and I expect this lott will sell for at least 20 to 25 cents if there is 
fair play. cotton sells in Nashville for 2214 cents specie, of course the 
Orleans markett must be better... .. 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
2To the People of the Congressional District composed of the Counties of, etc. 
(Washington, Mar. 26, 1825) ; and Works of Henry Clay, Federal ed., VI. 296-320. 


284 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Post Orrick AccouNT oN NEWSPAPERS PAID May 4 TO 
NovEMBER 3, 1825. 


Genl A. Jackson 
To The Post Office Nashville Dr 


182 
ise 4th .To Postage on Washington City Gazette to Jany 1 1826 $1 4514 
To Ditto on Florence Gazette ...... to DGS. ee 4834 
To Ditto on American Farmer ..... PEG Leskee 4834 
To Ditto on Louisville Pubk 
Advertiser” 22% ¥. . ~- to DO te ee 97% 
To Ditto on National Journal ...... to'DG74 145% 
To Ditto on National chronicle 
(Daily. See HOR to Da SP 291 
To Ditto: wow Niles Registers 2% te Dat eee 4834 
Te Ditto on Columbian’ . e728 18 DOG tN 30% 
To Ditto on Louisiana Gazette ..... to: Doarrse Ae: 145% 
To Ditto on Kentucky Gazette ..... to. Do Jie 32" 48% 
To Ditto on Baltimore morning 
ehronl’ (Daily)82¢ <2. to Der. Sa wee 2.91 
To Ditto on Jackson Gazette ....... forDest .2n6t 30% 
To Ditto on-Knoxville|Enquirer .oe.to Do 2.258. 30% 
To Ditto on Alegheny Democrat ....toDo....... 4834 
To Ditto on mobill commercial 
Register ier cane. to. Dor. nme Je. 97% 
To Ditto on National Republican ...toDo....... 97% 
To Ditto on Knoxville Register ....toDo....... 30% 
Augis5. ToDitto on Florida Intelligencer ...toDo....... 20% 
16 97 


On The above papers there is an allowance made from the first 
monday in Oct to the date of the Genls resignation as U S Senator 


To Postage on letters and packages from may 4 to Nov 3rd 
1825 


Received payment in full of the above for R B Currey 


R F Currey 
To SAMUEL SwWARTWOUT.? 


HERMITAGE, May 16, 1825. 

. . . » [had seen Mr. Clays laboured address to his constituents before 
your letters reached me, I viewed it (as it is generally viewed here) the 
dying struggle of a political gambler who having abandoned his political 
principles, and the expressed wishes of his constituents, sacrificed at the 
altar of self-agrandisement; and then forsooth, whiningly asks forgive- 
ness for his corruption, because all this was done with the sole view of 
bringing himself into the office of Secretary of State, from whence, by 
“ the safe precedents established’ he would of course step into the Presi- 


1 From the collection of the late Mr. Henry De Puy, of Easton, Md. 


June, 1825 285 


dential chair. I must confess there is more candour in his precious con- 
fession than good common sense. Your view of the subject is certainly 
correct, and the course pointed out, I had determined to adopt, before your 
friendly letters had reached me. Still Mr. Clay had left himself in his 
adress, So open to a severe scourging that it has been with difficulty I could 
withold my pen. I too could have unfolded some “ voluntary information 
given”, that would have been usefull to a full understanding of the cor- 
rupt course of Mr. Clays friends and himself. 

The information given, first to Major Eaton, then to Mr. Kreamer, by 
a Representative from Pennsylvania,” that they might communicate it to 
me, and which, on their refusal to be the organ, he personally communi- 
cated to me, would be an important link in the portrait of the corrucpt 
scenes at Washington, of which Mr. Clay has become the most conspicu- 
ous character. I think with you that he has fallen below anything but con- 
tempt, he never can rise again except by noticing him in such a manner, 
that he and his friends, can cry out persecution. Therefore for the present 
I have determined to be silent. If a time should arise when I conceive it 
proper for me to speak, I will endeavor to speak to the point, and with 
that energy and freedom, that the subject may require, regardless of con- 
sequences, when you will find that this braggadocio will cover... . . 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.? 


HERMITAGE, May 19, 1825. 

. . . . ] have just recd advice of the sale of my last parcel of cotton at 
Orleans; Mr Parsons says it was inferior to the two first lotts sent down, 
which was sold at 1334, 13%, this last sold for 30 cents, except one bale 
which sold for 25. my cotton on the day it was sold brought 2 and 3 cents 
more then any cotton sold, this shews that it was well handled. Cotton is 
still rising and where it is to stop is problematical. The great rise is 
owing to the great demand in urope and the great competition between 
France and England. our domestic manufacturers consume better than 
one third of all the raw material raised in the u. states, this withdrawn: 
from the Uropean markett, lessens the stock on hand there, and produced 
the great demand and the present high price of the articles. I have no 
doubt but cotton will open next year at 20 cents. The great demand for 
cotton fabricks in south america, in Spain and many parts of Urope will 
keep up the price of the raw material, added to this cause the increased 
home consumption of the raw material, will keep up the price of cotton; 
so much for the Tariff. I suppose my Irish friends, will not now, as they 
are getting such high prices for their cotton, think that the Tariff is so 
great an evil to the southern planters. ... . 


To BrRIGADIER-GENERAL COFFEE.' 


HERMITAGE, June 7, 1825. 
. . . . [named to you in my last, that ten bales of my cotton, being the 
last parcel sent this year to markett was sold for 30 cents per lb. This 


2 Probably James Buchanan. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1 [bid. 


286 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


sale was made on the 28th April and its nett proceeds remitted to me, and 
safe to hand in United States notes $1378.25. I am sure this is a good 
sale, how it has happened, that on the 18th of April Doctor B. could only 
obtain 18 cents for A. J. H. cotton it is for him to explain. I never will 
intrust to his care and sale one bale of cotton, either of my own, or 
Hutchings for whom I am guardian. I will the first time I am in Nash- 
ville, get the sales in orleans of that date and see how it talleys with 
A. J. H. I regret that your prospects of cotton crop is not flattering. we 
are and have experience a dry and cold spring, I am suffering from the 
draughth, my crop of cotton is good, and the stand promising altho some 
is still dying. I think an acre would cover all the gaps in my crop of 130% 
acres measured around where the cotton grows. before I measured it, it 
was computed at 145. If the season should be good, I will raise a good 
crop. my plantation is in good order, my cotton thinned and all hill’d up, 
and very clean, my corn in good condition waiting for rain. .... 


Tue GovERNOR OF KENTUCKY (JosEPH DESHA) TO JACKSON." 


FrRANKFoRT [Ky.], June 8, 1825. 

. . . . Onsaturday last a dinner was given at this place to Mr. H Clay, 
something upwards of sixty attended and partook of the dinner. It was 
given in honor of Mr Clay and evidently in approval of his conduct in 
relation to the Presidential election. a number of us, and some specially 
invited, could not take dinner on such terms, and refused to attend. some 
considered it an Adams dinner. The Federal party, or as some call them, 
the court party, will principally be Adamites, and will sustain those who 
by managment placed him in the Presidential Chair. a great portion of 
the republicans or the party of the people, as it is called, feel indignant 
at the managmtent practised. They feel like important rights had been 
bartered away, but although there is much low murmuring, little is openly 
said. It is thought advisable to be silent till after our august election, 
after which I think it probable, there may be a considerable explosion. 
Kentucky, you know, is composed of warm materials, we must have 
something periodically to produce a fermentation in the body politic. The 
managment in the late Presidential election will be the tub to be thrown 
out to the whale for the next season. The party of the people in this state 
are warm advocates for the right of instruction both implied and possi- 
tive, and consider, that the man who knows his masters will and fails, 
or refuses to obey it, deserves to be beaten with many stripes 


“ e 3 8 © 


To James BUCHANAN.* 


HERMITAGE, June 25, 1825. 
D’r Sir, 1 have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your kind 
letter of the 29th ult. which has just reached me. 
That respect which I formed for your character on our first acquain- 
tance, increased with our friendly intercourse, and to you was only ex- 
tended, what I viewed a debt due to your merit as a gentleman of intelli- 


1 Joseph Desha was governor of Kentucky 1824-1828. 


1 Hist. Soc, Pa., Buchanan Papers. This letter is published entire in the Works of James 
Buchanan, I. 1309. 


July, 1825 287 


gence and urbanity: It is therefore a source of much gratification to me 
to receive a letter from you, detailing the friendly feelings of the citizens 
of Pensylvania toward me. 

It is gratifying to hear thro you, that the confidence and support which 
the majority of the citizens of Pensylvania expressed for me by their 
vote on the Presidential question, will not be withdrawn by the artfull 
and insiduous efforts of my enemies. This is another evidence of the 
firmness and indulgence of the freemen of Pensylvania: This organized 
plan of calumny and slander levelled against me by the unprincipled and 
wicked will not owe its defeat to any effort of mine, unless it be that 
which always attends truth and a conscious rectitude of conduct, when 
submitted to an untramelled and honest public. The continued good opin- 
ion therefore of my Fellow Citizens of Pensylvania, lays me under addi- 
tional obligations, whilst it connects my name with another guaranty of 
the wisdom of our government—I mean in furnishing to posterity another 
example of the weakness of Demagogues when endeavouring to advance 
to power upon the destruction of innocence. 

It is much to the honor of the good citizens of Pensylvania that they 
calmly submit to the legally constituted power; this all good citizens will 
do, who love a government of laws, altho they view with much disappro- 
bation the means by which that constituted power was obtained and are 
determined to oppose the man who obtained power by what they believe 
illicit means. The great constitutional corrective in the hands of the 
people against usurpation of power, or corruption by their agents is the 
right of suffrage; and this when used with calmness and deliberation will 
prove strong enough. It will perpetuate their liberties and rights, and will 
compel their representatives to discharge their duties with an eye single 
to the public interest, for whose security and advancement government is 
instituted. 

I have not as yet been so fortunate as to fall in with Mr. Frazer, altho 
I have made inquiry for him, should I meet with him be assured! it will 
be a gratification to me to extend to him those attentions due to any of 
your friends. 

I regret very much that the bad health of Mrs. J. prevented me from 
passing thro’ your hospitable town. I assure you could we have done so it 
would have afforded Mrs. J. and myself much pleasure. Mrs. J. health 
is perfectly restored. .... 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, July 9, 1825. 

Dear Genl, I have not heard from you since the return of our mutual 
friend Mr William Donelson when he reported, your family in good 
health, but your crops suffering for want of rain. My crop has suffered 
with the drougth but the rain falling last monday, and the crop being well 
cultivated, I believe as promising a crop as I ever have seen; My cotton 
as a crop is as good as I have ever had, and if I had not suffered for about 
two weeks for the want of rain, it would have been the best I have ever 
seen. I have had but one season since my crop was planted before last 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
21 


288 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


monday that wet my crop to the roots. I find good culture ina dry season 
will preserve the crop. my cotton has received eight plowings. I had 
blooms on the 2oth of June, and my cotton is now more forward than it 
was last year on the 20th of July and my corn crop 1s promising. ... - 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, July 23, 1825. 

. ... Lhave recd lately several pressing invitations to vissit the Her- 
rodsburgh Springs. Governor Desha and Gov Duval of Florida who is 
now in K. have both written me on this subject. I feel great delicacy in 
complying with their request. My political creed is neither to seek or de- 
cline office, and it might be considered a departure from this my Repub- 
lican creed even to vissit the springs. however I have wrote Major Eaton 
on this subject and would be glad of your opinion as soon after the re- 
ceipt of this letter as your convenience will permit. 

I was invited to a dinner to be given to the Kentucky delegation at 
paris K. those four who voted for me on the presidential question, on the 
16th instant. I was expected to have been on my way to chilicothe as one 
of the commissioners appointed to fix the site for the Western Theologi- 
cal Seminary. The notification of this appointment did not reach me un- 
till it was too late for me to reach the appointment. Govr Desha writes 
me he and Mr Bibb was there by invitation it was called the Jackson 
dinner, and four thousand people attended. This is to be followed up by 
other dinners to counteract the impression abroad of Mr Clays having 
pursued the wishes of his constituents in his course on the presidential 
question, and I am told by Stockley who has just returned from Lexing- 
ton that such will be the overwhelming majority against Clay, that it will 
silence his few corrupt supporters and prostrate him in his own state. 
Should dinners to the four Representatives continue thus to be so numer- 
ously attended it will open the eyes of the nation fully to the corrupt com- 
bination at Washington, and when I thus view it, I think it perhaps my 
duty to go to the springs and if invited to attend any dinners that I may 
be invited to, by a respectable assemblage, but this requires deliberation. 

My cotton crop is more promising than any I have ever seen. I[t] was 
dry but a fine rain has just fell that will make my corn, and benefit my 
cotton. 


To LIEUTENANT Epwarp G. W. ButTter.? 


HERMITAGE, July 25, 1825. 
Dear E. From your letter I presume your Southern tour has afforded 
you some amusement and much information. The scenes in Georgia give 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

1 This extract is given in Charles Gayarré’s Sketch of General Jackson by Himself 
(New Orleans, 1857), p. 11. It has evidently been liberally revised in the publication. 
In a letter to the same person, Dec. 8, 1825, dealing with the same subject, Jackson, re- 
ferring to the turmoil in Georgia, used these unexpected words: “State rights and military 
despotism are themes where eloquence can be employed, and the feelings of the nation 
aroused. I fondly hope that in consequence of the treaty you mention, both these themes 
will slumber for some other occasion.” Jbid., p. 12. He is referring apparently to the 
treaty of Washington with the Creeks, signed a little later, Jan. 24, 1826, 


August, 1825 289 


you a view of human nature under the influence of party excitement and 
selfish political views. The world had formed an exalted opinion of Gov- 
ernor Troup’s? talents, but I believe his late communications have shorn 
him of his character of high talents in public estimation and of decorous 
deportment. His whole conduct of late has afforded evidence of derange- 
ment from some cause. He certainly never could have obtained the high 
standing for talents he had, without possessing some merit, which his 
late communications appear to be entirely destitute of. Nobody did be- 
lieve that the Indians had any intention of commencing hostilities on the 
whites. The whole excitement was produced by designing white men, to 
draw the public attention from the means used in obtaining this fictitious 
treaty, signed by one or two chiefs, and the rest self-created for the pur- 
pose of multiplying signers to the instrument.* I am sure that, with the 
evidence now before the nation, the Senate would not have ratified the 
treaty. What will be the course that will be taken, will much depend on 
the information communicated to Congress by the President, procured 
through his special agent,* sent to the nation for the purpose of investiga- 
tion. When it was ratified, I was not in the Senate, being confined to my 
room by the severe indisposition of Mrs. Jackson. Had I been present, 
seing none of the old chiefs’ names to it but McIntosh, I should have 
moved its postponement and called for information from the President. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, August 2, 1825. 


that paid to him. I therefore conclude it is.....---++++++++ ? and the 
course I have heretofore........+-+++++: for the present I have de- 
clined ivmywatiaet oe. wie tation. I have to go to the western District, and 


I must go and see you and your little family. This will afford a sufficient 
apology to my real friends in Kentucky for not vissitting them this sea- 
son, and the next will be free from the present objections. .... 

We are now experiencing a severe drougth, and the rust has made its 
appearance in our crops. they look fine but a few days continued drougth 
and it may change our hopes, the squares are beginning to fall off, but my 
motto is that the Lords will be done... . . 


2 George M. Troup, governor of Georgia. 

3 Treaty of Indian Spring, Feb. 12, 1825, ratified by the Senate Mar. 3. 
4 Maj. Timothy Andrews. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

2 The blank spaces result from cutting off the signature. 


290 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To Sam Houston.’ 


HermitaGe, August II, 1825. 

Dear Sir, your letter of the 8th instant was handed me to day, and I 
am pleased to be informed that you are fully advised of “all the circum- 
stances that surround you ”, being fearfull you were not, gave rise to the 
wish communicated thro Doctor Armstrong to you, of seeing you before 
you set out for Kentucky; Colo. Butler for the same reasons, had a great 
desire to have seen you, but advised as you are, enables you to Judge for 
yourself the course proper to pursue. 

It is true, I am the friend of Major Eaton, I am no less your friend ; 
and it is well known I never abandon my friend without good cause. I 
know Major Eaton was your friend, and had a wish so to continue, but 
if I really know him, and I think I do, he will court no mans friendship. 
as you and myself have fully conversed this matter over, I shall for the 
present add no more, barely bringing to your view the old adage “ O that 
mine enemy would write a Book”, and requesting you my young friend 
to profit by it. 

The ballance of your letter I really cannot comprehend; I am fearful 
your fancy was riding on imagination and fiction, “ your enemies on the 
house top etc. etc. etc.” and the “ declarations of Major Wm. B. Lewis 
and others etc. etc. etc.”” J cannot comprehend, I wish you had been more 
explicit—it requires explanation before I can understand it. will await 
your explanation. There is one thing I can assure you I fear not eve 
“ droppers ’’, nothing falls from my lips injurious to my friends. I take 
principle for my guide, Justice the end in view, and I have no fears from 
secrets being revealed, always secure in the rectitude of my conduct with 
regard to my friends. 

Mrs. J. Joins with me in best wishes for you—present me respectfully 
to Mrs. Catron and they ladies of your party. 

I am respectfully yr friend. 


THE Marguis DE LAFAYETTE TO JACKSON. 


MonrTIcEL1o, August 21, 1825. 

My dear General, 1 am, to my great Regret, on the point of leaving 
this Happy and Beloved Land: the manner in which the frigate Brandy- 
wine Has Been Named, appropriated, and offered Could the less Be de- 
clined as I Have Had opportunities, Every day, to find that my accepta- 
tion was Conformari to the people’s kind desire. she is to Be Ready By 
the first September; I am Returning to Washington, our point of depar- 
ture, and will Have Sailed in the first days of the Month. 

Your letters, my dear General, Sent By Way of Newyork to the Care 
of W. Witlock Jnr will Be to me a great Gratification. permit me to in- 
close one to my filial friend Miss Wright.t I know she means to consult 
you upon a delicate But Very interesting Subject. Her confidence cannot 


1 Sam Houston was representative in Congress 1823-1827. He was elected governor of 
Tennessee in 1827 by a large majority. In 1829, a few weeks after his marriage, he 
abandoned his office and his wife and took refuge with the Indians west of the Mississippi 

1 The celebrated Frances Wright. t 


Octeber, 1825 291 


Be Better placed. offer my affectionate Respects to mrs Jackson and those 
of the young ladies that are with you; and Believe me for ever 
Your affectionate friend 


I am this day, with a Very Heavy Heart, to part from my friend Mr 
Jefferson whose state of Health is painful But free of danger. my Son 
and M. le Valleur Beg to Be respectfully Remembered. pay my affection- 
ate Compliments to the Governor and all friends, particularly to my 
travelling Companions. 


To Major Henry Les." 


HERMITAGE, October 7, 1825. 

. . . . I much regret the attack made upon you in the Nashville Re- 
publican which you have detailed in your letter before me. Altho, the 
editor of that paper, Mr Murray, was friendly to my election as Presi- 
dent, and is esteemed as a private friend, still I assure you I have never 
been in his printing office in my life, nor on any occasion have I sug- 
gested, or attempted to regulate, the course pursued by him as public 
printer. In that capacity like ourselves, he is amenable to the tribunal of 
the public, where he ought to be adjudged upon his own merits. It 1s to be 
lamented that of late this tribunal is a mask from which too much slander 
and abuse are directed against the character, public and private, of almost 
all those who are brought before it. Such however seems to be the morals 
of the times, to which source I assure you, I at once attributed the asper- 
sions to which you called my attention, and not to any change of principle 
inferrable from the acceptance of the appointment now held by you. 
Since the receipt of your letter I have made some enquiry of a friend on 
the subject, and find that Mr Murray had received the letter referred to 
in his publication, and witheld it from the public until the one made its 
appearance in the Richmond enquirer with comments, when he gave the 
one he had recd a place in his paper. 

I am pleased to read your sentiments with regard to the support due to 
the administration so far as its measures may redound to the prosperity 
of our common country. Mr Adams is the Constitutional President and 
as such I would myself be the last man in the Commonwealth to oppose 
him upon any other ground than that of principle. How he reached the 
office is an enquiry for the succeeding canvass, when the principles of the 
constitution, apart from his ministerial acts, or at least without necessary 
opposition to them, will sanction the investigation. As to his character 
also, it is hardly necessary for me to observe, that I had esteemed him as 
a virtuous, able and honest man; and when rumour was stamping the 


1 Major Lee was the unsteady son of Gen. Henry Lee, of the Revolutionary army. He 
was a feverish hack writer for political leaders and a needy office seeker. In the campaign 
of 1828 he was closely attached to Jackson and wrote in his behalf. He planned a life of 
Jackson and actually began to write it. In 1825, before he was completely identified with 
Jackson’s cause, Adams appointed him Assistant Postmaster General, which brought 
out a severe attack in the Nashville Republican. Sept. 11 he wrote a letter in defense of 
his action, saying that he was still a Jackson man and that McLean, Postmaster General, 
was not hostile to Jackson, although he preferred Adams. It was a long letter, and in it 
Lee admitted his own private errors. Jackson’s reply, which here appears, is notable for 
its breadth of feeling on a subject which he might have viewed with less good nature. 


292 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


sudden union of his and the friends of Mr Clay with intrigue, barter and 
bargain I did not, nay, I could not believe that Mr Adams participated in 
a management deserving such epithets. Accordingly when the election 
was terminated, I manifested publicly a continuation of the same high 
opinion of his virtue, and of course my disbelief of his having had knowl- 
edge of the pledges, which many men of high standing boldly asserted to 
be the price of his election. But when these strange rumours became facts, 
when the predicted stipulation was promptly fulfilled, and Mr Clay was 
Secretary of State, the inferrence was irresistible—I could not doubt the 
facts. It was well known that during the canvass Mr Clay had denounced 
him as an apostate, as one of the most dangerous men in the union, and 
the last man in it that ought to be brought into the executive chair. This 
denunciation was made publicly as I was informed by Govr Duval, and 
taken into view with the publication relative to the treaty of Ghent, when 
the nomination was made to the Senate. I do not think the human mind 
can resist the conviction that the whole prediction was true, and that Mr 
Adams by the redemption of the pledge stood at once before the American 
people as a participant in the disgraceful traffic of Congressional votes 
for executive office. From that moment I withdrew all intercourse with 
him, not however to oppose his administration when I think it useful to 
the country—here feeble as my aid may be it will always be freely given. 
But I withdrew in accordance with another principle not at all in conflict 
with such a course. It is that which regulating the morals of society, to 
superior office would invite virtue unrespected, and in the private relations 
of life forbids an association with those whom we believe corrupt or 
capable of cherishing vice when it ministers to selfish aggrandisement. 
Still Sir, Iam too charitable to believe that the acceptance of an Office 
under Mr Adams is either evidence of a change of principle, or of cor- 
ruption, and I entertain the same opinion of you now, and of your ad- 
herence to political honesty that I ever did. Every freeman has a right to 
his opinion of both men and things, and it is his bounden duty to exercise 
it fearlessly and candidly. This liberty of opinion is the best boon of free- 
men, and he that makes it the agent of the greatest good establishes the 
most unquestionable claims upon the gratitude and love of his country. 
I am very respectfully yr mo ob servt 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


NASHVILLE, October 12, 1825. 

‘ . Yours of the 6th instant is just recd, I regret the death of Mr 
Nickerson sincerely, it is a great loss to his helpless family as well as I 
feel it must be to my little ward. I thank you for your note to Capt Jack 
Donelson and hope it has been in his power to attend to it. I would come 
out immediately, but Iam compelled to go to Murfressborough and am 
now on iny way, and whilst there have come to the determination to re- 
sign my senatorial appointment. a happy opportunity has presented itself, 
and I think propriety as well as the political principles I have always 
acted upon requires this course. The Legislature have again by resolu- 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


October, 1825 293 


tions brought my name before the nation for the Presidency. The amend- 
ment to the constitution to give the people a direct vote in the choice of 
the executive will be agitated, and every vote I might give on this ques- 
tion would and might be ascribed to selfish views etc. etc. etc. this and 
other reason have induced this determination which I trust will be satis- 
factory to my friends, and my enemies, I feel no solicitude about. I would 
be happy if Capt Donelson could spare the time, and if he cannot William 
Crawford can, to take an inventory of the negroes and stock, for really 
I do not know how many negroes has been born since Mr Nicholson has 
had the management there, and the hoggs ought to be counted, and the 
horned cattle, or the negroes may destroy many of them. I will be out 
= aii as I can employ an overseer should you inform me you have not 
en able! 's 5. 


To THE TENNESSEE LEGISLATURE. 
October 12, 1825. 

Two years ago by the unsolicited suffrage of the Legislature I was pre- 
fered to the situation at present occupied by me, of senator in congress. 
Persuing the principle by which I had ever been governed, neither to seek 
after, nor decline office, the appointment confered was accepted. Aware 
of the practice which had long prevailed, of selecting from each extreme 
of the State, a person for the high and respectable situation of senator, 
I felt regret at being brought forward to disturb a system which had so 
long obtained; yet in as much as the Legislature without any knowledge 
or understanding on my part, had called me to the situation, it was im- 
possible to withhold my assent; and accordingly the appointment was, 
though reluctantly accepted; not however without its being professed by 
my friends, that a longer term of service than one congress, would neither 
be required nor expected. That service has been performed. I was still 
pondering, and in doubt whether exceptions to my resignation might not 
be taken; and if it might not be proper for me to execute the full term 
which you had assigned, when my mind was brought to a conclusion bv 
some late proceedings of your own, and a determination formed to sur- 
render immediately back into your hands the responsible trust you had 
heretofore confided. 

One inducement to my determination was that travelling to Washing- 
ton City twice a year imposes no inconsiderable fatigue; and although 
this is a minor consideration, and one which would have been met with 
cheerfulness, if business involving the interest of our happy country had 
required the exertion, yet I was aware of nothing of great national im- 
portance which was likely to come before Congress, excepting a subject 
which you have lately had before your body, the amending the constitu- 
tion of the United States in relation to the choice of a chief magistrate. 
Upon this matter I greatly doubted whether it might not be my duty again 
to appear in the Senate and extend my feeble aid, towards producing an 
alteration in which great interest with the people of the United States 
exists: and on which the security of our Republican system may depend. 
But being advised of a resolution of your body, proposing again my 
name to the American people for the Office of chief magistrate of this 


294 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Union I cound no longer hesitate on the course I should persue; doubt 
yielded to certainty, and I determined forthwith to ask your indulgence 
to be excused from any further service in the counsils of the Country. 

Situated as I am my name presented to the freemen of the United 
States for the first Office known to our Constitution, I could not; with 
any thing of approbation on my part, consent either to urge, or encour- 
age, a change which might wear the appearance of being induced from 
selfish considerations—from a desire to advance my own views. I feel a 
thorough and safe conviction, that imputation would be ill founded, and 
that nothing could prompt me to an active course on any subject which my 
judgment did not approve; yet as from late events, it might be inferred 
that the prospect of your recommendation could be rendered probable, 
only by the people having the choice given to them direct, abundant room 
would be afforded to ascribe any exertion I might make to causes apper- 
taining exclusively to myself. Imputations thus made would I assure you 
be extremely irksome to any person of virtuous and independent feelings; 
they would certainly prove so to me; and hence the determination to re- 
tire from a situation, where strong suspicions might at least attach, and 
with great seeming propriety. I hasten therefore to tender this my resig- 
nation into the hands of those who conferred on me the appointment, that 
in the exercise of their Constitutional rights, they may confide it to some 
one meriting their confidence and approbation. 

Being about to retire once more to private life, it may be the last time, 
probably that I shall have an opportunity of addressing you. Permit me 
to suggest to you then, some remarks upon the proposed amendment of 
the constitution of the U. S. Our political fabric being regulated by 
checks and balances, where experience assures us, that those which have 
been resorted to are inefficient; or however well their boundarys have 
been defined by the parchment of the Constitution, some new barier to 
the encroachments of power or corruption in any of the departments of 
government is necessary, a corrective should be applied, and it is the 
duty of the people in justice to themselves to see that one is provided. 
There is no truth more sacred in politics; and none more conclusively 
stamped upon all the state constitutions, as well as the federal constitu- 
tion, than that, which requires the three great departments of power— 
the Legislative, Judicial, and Executive to keep seperate and apart. But 
simple and manifest as this truth is, the difficulty of arming it in prac- 
tice with constitutional restraints, still remains; and forms a question 
whether in its amendment the wisdom and virtue of the present genera- 
tion may not be usefully employed. 

Gratitude to the founders of our happy government certainly cannot 
be lessened by honest efforts on our part to improve, or rather to fortify 
the blessings which have been transmitted to us, with such additional 
guards as experience has proved to be necessary. Upon this principle 
I venture freely to accord with you in the contemplated change proposed 
to the constitution ; and indeed would go further. With a view to sustain 
more effectually in practice, the axiom which divides the three great 
classes of power into independent constitutional checks, I would impose 
a provision rendering any member of Congress ineligible to office under 


October, 1825 295 


the general government for and during the term for which he was elected, 
and for two years thereafter, except in cases of Judicial office; and these 
I would except for the reason that vacancies in this department are not 
of frequent occurrence; and because no barier should be interposed in 
the selecting to the bench men of the first talents and integrity. Their 
trusts and duties being of the most responsible kind, the widest possible 
range should be permitted, that proper and safe selections may be made. 
The politician may err, yet his error may presently be retrieved, and no 
considerable injury result; but with Judges, particularly in the last re- 
sort, error is fatal, because without a remedy. 

The effect of such a constitutional provision is obvious. By it Con- 
gress will in a considerable degree be freed from that connexion with 
the Executive departments, which at present gives strong ground of 
apprehension and jealousy on the part of the people. Members instead of 
being liable to be withdrawn from Legislating upon the great interests 
of the nation, through prospects of Executive patronage, would be more 
liberally confided in by their constituents; while their vigilance would 
be less interrupted by party feeling and party excitement. Intrigue and 
management would be excluded. Nor would their deliberations, or the in- 
vestigation of subjects, consume so much time. The morals of the Coun- 
try would be improved; and virtue uniting with the labours of the Repre- 
sentatives, and with the Official ministers of the law, would tend to per- 
petuate the honour and glory of the government 

But if this change in the constitution should not be attained, and im- 
portant appointments continue to devolve upon the Representatives in 
Congress, it requires no depth of thought to be convinced, that corrup- 
tion will become the order of the day, and under the garb of conscien- 
cious sacrifices to establish precedents for the public good, evil may 
arise of serious importance to the freedom and prosperity of the Repub- 
lic. It is through this channel that the people may expect to be attacked in 
their constitutional sovereignty, and where tyranny may well be appre- 
hended to spring up in some favourable emergency. Against such inroads 
every guard ought to be interposed, and none better occurs than that of 
closing the suspected avenue with some necessary constitutional restric- 
tion. We know human nature to be prone to evil. We are early taught to 
pray that we may not be led into temptation ; and hence the opinion that 
by constitutional provisions all avenues to temptation on the part of our 
political servants, should be closed. 

My name having been before the Nation for the Office of chief magis- 
trate during the time I served as Senator, placed me in a situation truly 
delicate. But delicate as it was, my friends do not, and my enemies can- 
~ not charge me with decending from the independent ground then occu- 
pied, or with degrading the trust reposed in me, by intriguing for the 
Presidential chair. As your honorable body have, by a resolution, thought 
_ proper again to present my name to the American people, I must entreat 

to be excused from any further service in the senate; and to suggest in 
conclusion, it is due to myself to practice upon the maxims recommended 
to others, and hence feel constrained to retire from a situation where 


296 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


temptation may exist and suspicion arise of the exercise of an influence 
tending to my own aggrandizement. 

Accept I pray you for yourselves and tender to the honorable bodies 
over which you respectively preside, my sincere regard. 


The latter part of the Genls letter is of great importance only as far as 
regards the practice of his own precepts; a departure from which would 
be food for his enemies.—R. F. Currey * 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, October 30, 1825. 

_... Your letter of the 23d instant by Capt Donelsons boy was 
handed me to day. I feel greatly obliged to you and Capt Donelson for 
your kind attention to A. J. Hutchings business, and feel satisfied and 
indeed gratified in being informed that Mr Winburn has undertaken to 
finish the crop particularly as he does it for the benefit of Mr Nickersons 
family, for whom I feel very much. I hope he will be attentive and care- 
full and have the crop well housed. I have not engaged an overseer, but 
one application well recommended, and he could not write. This was an 
insuperable objection. There is one in the neighborhood of Franklin well 
recommended, who I will endeavour to see as early as possible, and will 
be out as early as I can leave home. I should have been out before now, 
but my political situation hitherto (since I heard of poor N’s death) 
prevented me, and I have still some business with Major Eaton, so soon 
as that is accomplished I will be out. in the mean time will endeavour 
to find out a fit character to oversee little Andrews place, but wish you 
to continue your inquiries and engage one that you may believe is honest, 
industrious and capable, if such present themselves. I shall not make a 
positive contract without notifying you first. 

I am happy to hear that the political course my own judgement pointed 
out, meets your approbation. It has met the uniform approbation of 
my friends here. The moment the Legislature of Tennessee again brought 
my name before the nation as a candidate for the presidency on the next 
canvass political consistency at once pointed to the course I must adopt. 
The political maxims I had recommended to others, became my duty to 
practice myself. in my declining years it would not do to depart from 
those political principles I had always advocated and professed to prac- 
tice, a deviation from them, in my old age, would have done more injury 
to those republican principles I had always advocated than all the bene- 
fit I have been able to give to that course through a long life; I viewed 
it a duty I owed to myself and to my country to resign. I did so. that 
my friends approve my course is a source of great gratification to me. 
my enemies would find fault I knew, but they would have had cause to 
rejoice, had I pursued a course that might have brought upon me the 
imputation of advocating measures for my own agrandisement 


oe oe we 


1 Acting postmaster at Nashville. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


December, 1825 297 


To STEPHEN SIMPSON.’ 


HermMiTaGE, November 23, 1825. 

D’r Sir, yours of the 3d instant is Just recd. Whatever may be the 
opinion of the public on the subject of a Conductor of a newspaper ad- 
dressing a candidate for the Presidency by letter, in the present instance 
no evil imputations could Justly arise. I never have obtruded my name 
upon the nation as a candidate. I have always been brought forward by 
the nomination of the people, the support given therefore through the 
columns of the paper conducted by you, must be ascribed to the principles 
of patriotism, in support of the people will and could not be ascribed to 
any different cause. for myself I pursue always the course my Judgt 
points, regardless of the imputations of the wicked, and will at all times 
be happy to receive any communication you may be pleased to make to 
me—but as in the present case, where business called, it required no 
appology. 

I am pleased to learn that the honest patriot Mr George Kreamer * is 
with you, and that his stern integrity and virtue is truly appreciated by 
the good citizens of Pensylvania. So long as virtue and integrity is cher - 
ished, and predominates over corruption and intrigue; so long will the 
honest George Kreamer live in the hearts of the american people. 

I congratulate you on the birth of your fine daughter, may she grow 
and prosper, may she live to become an ornament to her sex, and a bless- 
ing to her parents in their declining years. accept I pray you my sincere 
thanks for the honor you intended me had it been a son and receive assur- 
ance of my respect and esteem. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


Hermitace, December 1, 1825. 

_... L hope the young man employed in the room of Mr Nickerson 
deceased will answer. if he does, it will be a happy thing, as it will ensure 
the continued attention of Mrs Nickerson to the negro children and the 
domestic affairs, while it on the other hand, will give her and the chil- 
dren a home. I intend to vissitt the place as soon as Mrs Jacksons health 
will permit me; In the mean time, I hope it will be in your power to pay 
some attention to it, and that Capt Donelson may have it in his power to 


vissit it frequently. 


1 Formerly editor of the Columbian Observer, Philadelphia newspaper. 

2In his letter, sending Jackson a bill for his subscription, Simpson alluded to Kremer, 
and apologized for intruding on Jackson’s time, using the following language: 

“Although it is prohibited to the conductor of a newspaper, to Address a Candidate for 
the Presidency without subjecting him to evil imputations; yet I flatter myself that a 
ci-divant Editor may be free from that suspicion; but in case that should not remove al! 
objection, I have still another j ustification for the present Letter, if one is needed—that J 
write on business. So much has been written in the public papers, as well as expressed 
in conversation, about the impropriety of a Candidate holding correspondence with any 
human being, that a foreigner would imagine we were too thoroughly corupt to permit 
the usual interchange of social civilities, without contamination. As this is a doctrine I 
nost heartily despise, I can pay it no other regard than to say I condemn it; still, how- 


ever, delicacy towards you, sir, restrains me from infringing on its precepts.” 
1 Tenn Hist. Soc:, Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


298 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I suppose there will be some corn to spare from little Hutchings farm. 
you will be the best judge how much, and when to offer it for sale. the 
quantity that can be spared, can best be judged of after the crop is housed, 
and the Hoggs killed. as soon as the pork is fatted, direct that it be killed. 
this will save corn, as well as ensure the safety of the pork, for I an- 
ticipate an open winter after this month, with a great deal of rain; if in 
this I should be correct, some danger may be expected in saving pork 
after this month. I have killed half of mine, and on the change of this 
moon will slaughter the ballance. ... . 


MauNSEL WHITE TO JACKSON.” 


New Or.eEans, March 22, 1826. 
Genl. Andrew Jackson 

Dear Sir, I Sincerely regret that in making my debut in selling your 
Crop the Market should be so bad but upon the whole I cannot help think- 
ing I have obtained for yours the very top of the market, and many Gen- 
tlemen from Tennessee who have cotton now here for sale consider that 
I have obtained for you such a price taking into view the qualitv and bad 
market as you will be well satisfied with; which I do sincerely hope may 
prove to be the case. Genl. Plauché was the Broker who decided on the 
quality, and his classification was indeed such as you merited from his 
hands. there was 9 Bales rejected, the samples of which I send you by 
the present Occasion to shew you the necessity of your Overseers being 
more particular in picking and Cleaning your cotton, with it I send you a 
few samples of General coffees crop to shew your Overseer, and for him 
to take example by, in do[ing] which I beg you not to be offended with 
me as candour and your own Inderest demands I should do so. the best 
of your Crop was no way equal to coffees, and the only redeeming feature 
in yours was goodness of staple and Colour, for throout the whole crop 
there was a great deal of Broken leaf, and very carelessly packed in the 
Bales and by some means or other the cotton on the outside under the 
wrappers got wet and shewed in Incrustation of from One to two Inches 
deep which very much Injured the appearance. a little care, to prevent 
these objections would tend materially to improve your cotton and give 
it a better appearance. 

I now inclose you the account sales of your Seventy one Bales Sixty- 
two sold at 12 Cents lb. and nine at 10 Cents. Nt proceeds $3477 51/100 
from which deduct the amount of your grocery Bill by the William Penn, 
$498 33/100 the Balance $2979 18/100 I have the pleasure of now in- 
closing you in United States notes, by Mr Anthony W. Joknson of Nash- 
ville, $2975 in notes and he will pay you $4 18/100 in Silver. Colo. Arm- 
strong wrote to me saying he did not want the money, and I therefore 
send you the whole amot. Col. Winstons cotton is not sold, tis inferior, 
he is here I understand and I shall as you direct, Settle with him for it, 

I am D sir very respectfully 

1 Like many other planters, Jackson became disgusted with his New Orleans factors and 

Feb. 3 wrote to Maunsel White asking if he would handle his cotton for him. White, 


whom Jackson knew in 1815, and considered very honest, replied on the 16th of the same 


month with assent, and the relationship, thus established, was satisfactory for many 
years. = 


April, 1826 299 


Joun H. MaraBie* To JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, April 3, 1826. 
Genl. Andrew Jackson, 

Dear Sir, It is an old saying that no man is so far from Trade as he 
who has nothing to trade upon. for a similar Reason I have not until this 
moment addressed you, even now nothing very important is within the 
perview of my Knowledge. on Saturday last Mr. McDuffie Genl. Vance 
and Mr. Trimble of Kentucky * had some sparing in the House which 
grew out of Mr. McDuffies argument in Favor of the amendments to the 
Constitution on Friday last, Vance in debate said if he suspected any one 
in the House for Corruption it would be the brawling blustering and 
vociferous Politician and declaimer and intimating and I think expressly 
referring to McDuffie, which I believe he Vance does not say. Trimble 
also made several Inuendos which were not as the parliamentary men say 
tangible; but tending evidently to be construed into Charges and impu- 
tations against McDuffie. Vance in the Course of his Talk said he was 
peculiarly situated, that he had come from the very lowest order of 
society, that at the Age of 22 years he could not connect the Letters of the 
Alphabet and that promoted as he was by the People of Ohio when an 
Imputation of Corruption was cast on them he must and would sustain 
their character at the hazard of his Life. 

Mr. Trimble made a Talk somewhat in the same way and said that he 
had not the magnanimity to forget or forgive much less to vote for a 
man who had if he had not slandered at least made wonderful misrepre- 
sentations in Regard to the Kentucky Troops at the Battle of N. Orleans. 
McDuffie in reply said to Genl Vance he was happy to inform him he had 
not changed his destiny as regarded his grade in Society, that he had 
never recognized Vance or Trimble as gentlemen, but that he knew the 
great political Juggler, Poltroon and Puppy, the Secretary of State Clay, 
that he knew he had set on his Minions, that he knew they were the mere 
Poppets on the Tapis whilst the Master hand was behind working the 
Wires, that his Object was to give Mr. Clay his Compliments, but that 
if Mr. Vance or Trimble thought themselves agrieved he would for once 
forget that they were not Gentlemen and would attend to their Calls. 
The House was a perfect scene of confusion for half an hour, no one 
addressing the Chair, the Chairman crying out Order Order, Order, hurly 
burly, helter skelter, negro states and yankies. the Matter is in statu quo, 
it is now early in the morning, when the House meets we may hear some- 
thing interesting on the subject. I heard Mr. Randolph make a Phillippic 
last week in the Senate, yet says he Mr. R. with uplifted hands, I swear 
to my God and Country that I will war with this administration made 

up of the Union of Puritans and Blacklegs. speaking of the Panama 
Mission he says I will prove to every Man living as plain as three times 


1M. C. from Tennessee 1825-1829. In a letter of the same day James K. Polk described 
to Jackson less specifically the debate to which this letter gives its attention. It is in 
the Jackson MSS. : ; . 7 

2 George McDuffie of South Carolina, Joseph Vance of Ohio, David Trimble of 
Kentucky. 


300 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


three makes nine and not ten, that the Mission was a Kentucky Cuccoos 
Egg laid in South America. I send you some Speeches and documents 
consequently it is unnecessary to say any thing about what is going on in 
the H. Reps. I wish if in Conformity with [your] Opinion you would 
advise Houston to remain in Congress, he is here bolde and energetic, it 
is as much as his Friends can do to keep him from coming out as he says 
flat footed. S. P. Carson of North Carolina is the devoted Friend of 
our political Faith and is more than anxious to take a chance in the Lot- 
tery as he calls it of Vance and Trimble; should be glad to hear from you, 
say my warmest Salutations to Mrs. Jackson, for yourself accept the re- 
newed Pledge of my highest Regard 


To JAMES BUCHANAN.* 


HermMiTAGE, April 8, 1826. 

.... We have received the result of the Panama question in the Sen- 
ate—from the whole view of the subject I have been compelled to be- 
lieve that it is a hasty unadvised measure, calculated to involve us in difi- 
culties, perhaps war, without receiving in return any real benefit. The 
Maxim that it is easier to avoid dificulties than to remove them when 
they have reached us, is too old not to be true: but perhaps this and many 
other good sayings are becoming inapplicable in the present stage of our 
public measures which seem to be so far removed from our Quotation 
that even the language of washington must be transposed in order to be 
reconciled to the councils of wisdom! I hope I may be wrong—It is my 
sincere wish that this panama movement may advance the happiness and 
glory of the country, but if it be not a commitment of our nutrality with 
Spain and indirectly with other powers, as for example Brazil, I have 
misconstrued very much the justice of the anathemas which have been 
pronounced upon the Assembly at Verona as well as the true sense of the 
principles which form international law. Let the primary interests of 
Europe be what they may, or let our situation vary as far as you please 
from that which we occupied when the immortal Washington retired 
from the councils of his country, I cannot see, for my part how it follows 
that the primary interests of the United States will be safer in the hands 
of others, than in her own; or in other words, that it can ever become 
necessary to form entangling alliances, or any connection with the Gov- 
ernments of South America which may infringe upon the principle of 
equality among nations which is the basis of their independence, as well 
as all their international rules. The doctrine of Washington is as appli- 
cable to the present as to the then primary interests of Europe, so far as 
our Own peace and happiness are concerned, and I have no hesitation in 
saying so far as the true interest of South America are concerned, maugre 
the discovery by Mr. Adams that if Washington was now with us he 
would unite with him in sending this Mission to Panama—no one feels 
more for the cause of the South Americans than I do and if the proper 
time had arived I trust that none would more willingly march to their 


1 Hist. Soc. Pa., Buchanan Papers; Works of James Buchanan, I. 183. 


May, 1826 301 


defense. But there is a wide difference between relieving them from a 
combination of leagued powers and aiding them in forming a confedera- 
tion which can do no good as far as I am apprised of its objects; and 
which we all know, let its objects be the best, will contain evil tendencies. 


To Wits ALSTON. 


HERMITAGE, May 18, 1826. 

D’r Sir, I am honored by the receipt of your letter of the 25th ult. It 
is a source of pleasing reflection to me, in my retirement to find that I am 
recollected by my republican friends in Congress; and that I enjoy the 
confidence of many of those whom I have not a personal acquaintance. 

I have seen by the public Journals that the discussion upon some of 
the measures recommended by the President has produced much warmth 
and irritation in congress: particularly that of the mission to Panama, 
in the development of which the President seems to me to have mani- 
fested a desire of changing the established policey of the Goverment, as 
well as the common sense construction of the constitution. Upon this 
measure, however, as on all others, I think with you, that all the patriot 
can do, is upon the general principle of opposing with manly firmness 
where injury is to result to the country, and of approbating with a cor- 
responding liberality where the public good is to be advanced. It is un- 
acountable that Mr Adams should court opposition by assuming consti- 
tutional powers, and adopting a political course so much like that which 
prostrated his father. 

accept my thanks for your communication, and believe me very re- 
spectfully your mo. obdt. servt. 


Loans TO DuFF GREEN.* 


WasHINGTON City, May 20, 1826. 
Memorandum of the object for which the enclosed Notes are drawn. 

The sum of Three thousand Dollars being obtained on loan for the use 
of Duff Green Esq for which his note is given, with the endorsement of 
the Hon. John H Eaton. 

Now if the said John H Eaton shall eventually be compell’d to pay the 
said Note or any part thereof by reason of the inability of the said Duff 
Green to pay the same, then the individual drawers of the Notes herein 
enclosed are to pay their respective rateable proportions, of the Amount 
which the said John H Eaton may be required to pay as aforesaid It 
being understood that in no event shall the drawer of any of the enclosed 
notes be obliged to pay a greater sum than the amount of his note. 


1Copy. Willis Alston, of North Carolina, was a member of the House of Represen- 
tatives 1799-1803. He belonged to the group of Randolph and Macon Republicans 
with which Jackson associated. 

1 Library of Congress, Polk MSS. 


302 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Payments as above stated are to be demandable and to be made, when- 
ever any call is made that Mr Green cannot meet. 
Jno H Eaton 


D H MILter 

List of the Notes within referred to. 
J Hamilton Jrof SonCi swe os Wess AR Oi ee ae ee ere $300 
G: Kremer vas (56 Riot HOURS AREA, 2 eee ee 300 
Geo» Pater) iaigje sso sie SYS oie PRD ICR Dee eae eee ee 300 
JohnyS. Barbotito a5 5% Se Ps ae a aere a cate aer iotaly TaN a eee Oe 300 
James K- Polke... cad 25 2an OSG Ge eee soe = oe eee et ere 100 
FCA sacks seny ae PS ASRS ae oer ee sere nee ares 100 
S'Dilnphand). 8 5.10 ee as x Pea seals aa eG ae eee 150 
DiB Milles, Lenin w. ee POSE, Deg G. aaets a SRE, Ae 150 
John Branch Wm King Saml Carson................+-2-++-% 300 

$2000 


[Indorsement in pencil:] J. Hamilton Note for $300 given to him to 
be drawn for if contingency arise 
26 May 1828 
J H Eaton 


To GENERAL PLAUCHE AND OTHERS.’ 


NASHVILLE, May 26, 1826. 

Gentlemen, I take the liberty to address you upon a subject on which I 
feel great interest, as it is one with which, I know the welfare and happi- 
ness of our country to be intimately connected. It relates to the blessings 
of education which, without doubt, constitute the chief support of the 
liberties which our forefathers have bequathed to us. 

There is now in operation at Nashville a College which with a little 
more pecuniary aid, is likely to become one of the most flourishing insti- 
tutions in the U. States. Situate in a healthful climate, in the great valley 
of the west, where the feelings, habits, and manners of the people, are 
purely republican; and where from its contiguity to the Cumberland river 
the means of support are cheap and abundant, it will extend its advantages 
to the poor as well as the rich, can prepare for the service of their coun- 
try the sons of the farmers and mechanics as well as those who by for- 
tune are exempt from the necessities of labour. The President is an ac- 
complished gentleman of the first acquirements: and the subordinate 
professors are gentlemen highly distinguished for literary and scientific 
attainments. But to place upon a lasting foundation the prosperity of this 
College, it is requisite to obtain funds for two more professorships which 
were created last year, and which the board of Trustees have thought 
proper (in honor of the good Lafayette, and the humble services of my- 
self) to call by the names of Lafayette and Jackson. 


1 Collection of Judge J. M. Dickinson, of Chicago; also in Parton’s Jack 
This letter was also addressed to Col. Preston, Maj. A. J. Deas re ‘i 
Mercier, jr., and Maunsel White. See the next letter. 


May, 1826 303 


It is well known that the good Lafayette is destitute of the means to 
make a permanent endowment of this nature, as is the case also with 
myself, otherwise these professorships would have been filled ere this. 
Situate as we are then, the only alternative is to appeal to the liberality 
of those who have the means to make donations and the disposition to 
yield them for the lasting benefit of an institution so well calculated to 
prepare the american youth for the councils of our common country. 

Without doubt the Trustees had two motives in view in honoring 
La fayette and myself (if I may be pardoned for speaking of myself in 
conjunction with that illustrious benefactor) with the names of these 
professorships—the one to compliment us with the perpetuity which it 
was hoped that the institution may experience, the other to operate upon 
the feelings of such as may derive an additional inducement from this 
circumstance to contribute to an endowment which, with the smiles of 
providence, will I trust redown to the credit of its patrons, and the gen- 
eral cause of knowledge. 

The object of this letter then, Gentlemen, is, to ask you to present, or 
cause to be presented to the good citizens of Orleans the enclosed paper, 
or one of this purport, and to receive and remit such aid as each citizen 
may be disposed to give.” It is not expected that any will give but a small 
sum. small donations will enable the more persons to aid in the establish- 
ment of these professorships, and to testify their respect for the cause of 
literature and science. 

I am respectfully your most obdt. servt. 


To Fetrx GrRuNpDyY.* 


HERMITAGE, May 30, 1826. 

D’r Sir: When in Nashville on the 26th instant ruminating on the sub- 
ject that would be before the Board of Trustees on the 27th I thought I 
would make an address to the citizens of Orleans on the subject of the 
endowment of the Lafayette and Jackson profersorships in Cumberland 
College, on which I intended to have consulted you on Saturday last, but 
your late arrival at the college prevented it. I had intended to have ad- 
dressed the citizens of Charleston etc. etc. etc. also on this subject—but 
when I reached home, I concluded, I would forward this to my friends in 
Orleans, and if successful there I would push it everywhere that I had 
any friends that I could address upon this subject on which I have, and 
still feel, great solicitude. 

I now enclose a copy of the letter etc. to my friends in New Orleans 
for your inspection and advise whether in your judgt. the course I have 


2 The paper enclosed was as follows: “ Those citizens who are disposed to aid in the 
permanent endowment of the Lafayette and Jackson professorships in the Cumberland 
College Nashville Tennessee, will subscribe their names hereunto which shall be enrolled 
in the archives of said college, presenting at the same time to the holder of this paper, 
such sum or sums as he or they may think proper to bestow, which donations shall remain 
and enure to the sole use and endowment of said professorships forever, the interest 
annually accruing only to be applicable to the salaries of said professors, but should there 
be an excess of interest, such surpluss to be applied by the Trustees to the use and 
benefit of said college.” 

1 Collection of Judge J. M. Dickinson, of Chicago. 


22 


304 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


adopted is a proper and prudent course—and whether it is best now, to 
address my friends elsewhere, or to await the result of the success at 
Orleans—and whether any, and if any, alterations in my address what, 
ought to be made. Writing has become to me quite laborious—and if you 
are of opinion, that it is right to push my address to every quarter of this 
union now, you must aid me in having the address copied—for should I 
go further with it, I will send it to Mobile thro Alabama, Carolinas, 
Georgia, and as far east as Boston—but before I take another step, I shall 
await your advice on this matter. write me shortly—in haste yours 
respectfully 


P. S. Altho I have been silent—I have not been idle—if this should 
not succeed, I will then try a lottery. 


Joun C. CatnHoun (VicE-PRESIDENT) TO JACKSON. 


Private. 
WASHINGTON, June 4, 1826. 

My dear Sir, I avail myself of the present safe conveyance to renew 
our correspondence, after so long a suspension. 

Majr. Eaton will give you all of the particulars of the long and inter- 
esting session of Congress, which has just terminated. There has been 
much excitement, but for my part, I am neither surprised nor displeased 
at the depth of feeling displayed by the members on several occasions, as 
I believe, that it has been caused by a thorough and honest conviction, that 
the liberties of the country are in danger, and not by the sentiment of 
faction, nor disapointment, as has been attributed. In my opinion liberty 
never was in greater danger; and such, I beleive, to be the impression of 
the coolest and most considerate of our citizens. An issue has been fairly 
made, as it seems to me, between power and liberty; and it must be de- 
termined in the next three years, whether the real governing principle in 
our political system be the power and patronage of the Executive, or the 
voice of the people. For it can scarcely be doubted, that a scheme has been 
formed to perpetuate power in the present hands, in spite of the free and 
unbiased sentiment of the country; or to express it more correctly, those 
now in power act on a scheme resting on the supposition, that such is the 
force of Executive influence, that they, who wield it, can mould the pub- 
ps voice at pleasure by an artful management of the patronage of 
office. 

It must be obvious, if [it] should prove to be the fact, that a radical 
change has already been effected in our system. If power can be acquired 
against the voice of the majority, and when so acquired, can be main- 
tained and perpetuated by the influence, which it gives, our government 
may indeed retain the forms of freedom, but its spirit will be gone. Nor 
will it be long before the form will follow the spirit. Let the Presidency 
be transmitted by the exercise of a corrupt patronage from hand to hand, 


1It is one of the very unexpected things in our political history that John Quincy 
Adams, who consistently refused to make appointments that would serve to promote his 
re-election, should have been proclaimed as one who debauched the patronage. It is even 
more singular that the charge should be repeated by a man as intelligent as Calhoun. 


July, 1826 305 


and we shall soon consider the form of electing by the people a mere 
farce; nor will it then be difficult to reconcile the people to the transmis- 
sion of the Executive power by hereditary principle, in some imperial 
family. I, however, hope for better things. I confide in the intelligence 
and virtue of the people, which have safely carried us through so many 
difficulties. Already, I see much to hope. The scheme appears to be well 
understood by many, and the publick indignation will swell just in pro- 
portion as it comes to be fully developed. 

It will be no small addition to your future renown, that in this great 
struggle your name is found, as it always has been on the side of liberty, 
and your country. Occupying the grounds that you do, there can be no 
triumph over you, which will not also be a triumph over liberty. That 
you may live to witness a successful termination of the struggle, and that 
you may be the instrument, under Providence, of confounding political 
machinations and of turning the attempts against the liberty of the coun- 
try, into the means of perpetuating our freedom, is my sincere wish. As 
to myself, I am content, let what may happen, provided the cause tri- 
umphs. I know that much of the Storm will fall on me; but so far from 
complaining, I deem it my glory to be selected as the object of attack in 
such a cause. If I had no higher object than personal advancement, my 
course would be easy. I would have nothing to do, but to float with the 
current of events. I feel, however, that such a course would be unworthy 
of the confidence, which the American people have reposed in me, and of 
the duty which every citizen owes his country. 

With sincere regards 


Mayor Henry LEE TO JACKSON. 


MonrTICcELLo, July 1, 1826." 

dear General, I have been here and in the neighbourhood several days 
on the invitation of Mr. Jefferson to examine the documents in his pos- 
session relating to his conduct as Govr. of Virginia during the Revolu- 
tion. Unfortunately for me I found him confined to his bed with a severe 
Dysentery, which cannot but place so old a patient in great danger. 
Dr. Douglasson,? the medical professor in the university, is of opinion 
that his disease is now subdued, but that his advanced years render it ex- 
tremely doubtful whether he will not sink under the prostration of 
strength which it has occasioned. As soon as I arrived he sent out for me, 
and though he seemed to look upon his end as approaching, he spoke of it 
as an event rather unpleasant than terrible—like a traveller expressing 
his apprehension of being caught in a rain. I was surprised at the energy 
of his grasp and the alacrity of his conversation, and could not but ad- 
_ mire the general predominance of mind over matter in all his words and 
actions in so trying and critical a moment. His daughter, Mrs. Randolph, 
hovers round his bed with grief at her heart and comfort in her hands, 
but I fear her misgivings will be verified in spite of her tenderness and 
care. It is said Mr. Jefferson has been careless of his health, and would 
probably have been in no danger had he been more prudent. ’ 


1 Three days later Jefferson died. 
2 Robley Dunglison, M. D. 


306 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I learn from his family that he holds in contempt and abhorrence the 
men and measures of our present administration ; and that his opinion as 
to the necessity of a change at the next presidential election concurs with 
mine and that of the great mass of our countrymen. On this I congratu- 
late you, and admonished by the condition and sentiments of this vener- 
able and illustrious man, I beg you to preserve your health and to accept 
the assurance of my constant and profound respect 


CoLonEL ARTHUR P. HAYNE TO JACKSON. 


BaLisTon Sprincs, N. Y., July 20, 1826. 

.... Coll. Drayton is here with his family, and from information 
derived from him, and what I have collected myself on the subject of 
politicks, I am induced to believe that Mr. Adams is becoming unpopu- 
lar, and this is said to be the case even at the North and East. The federal 
party who supported him are dissatisfied with the policy he has pur- 
sued—they expected he would bring into the Administration some of the 
Leaders of that party; and being disappointed in that, they have become 
restive—so Walsh says, the Editor of the National Gazette in Phila.* and 
a most devoted friend of Mr. Adams. Clinton it is supposed will remain 
quiet, so far as relates to himself touching the next Presidential election, 
in which case Mr. Adams and yourself are the only persons spoken of as 
Candidates for that station. 

I have not seen Mr. Clinton, but I have understood the Administration 
have made certain propositions to him, and have given him an invitation 
to fall into their ranks, and shd. he not accede to their terms, they 
threaten to Wield against him the whole power and patronage of the Gov- 
ernment for the purpose of destroying him. In point of power and popu- 
larity he is now thought worthy of being Courted, for it is beleived that 
he may be able to control the two great states of New York and Ohio, 
but it is distinctly understood that his influence can in no event extend 
farther. It cannot be denied that Clinton would like to be a Candidate 
himself, and his friends some times say his name might by great exer- 
tions be forced into the house of R: but they allow your strength to be 
five times as great as his; yet seem to think the election once in the House, 
and then if your friends would rally on C. he wd. beat Adams. Thus 
they wd. merge the greater fraction into the less what wd. be absurd. 
That a decided Majority should rally on a small minority, seems so absurd 
that we are at a loss to know how any of the friends of Mr. C. could for 
a moment wish to take that Ground. Some of C’s friends say he is get- 
ting old, is 60, and has no time to Spare. Coll. Drayton thinks your chance 
is decidedly better at present than that of any other man. 

_ Virginia is changing fast, the Western part of the State was always 
disposed to support you, and in the Eastern section of the State a change 
is gradually taking place. For example—such men as Mr. Archer of the 
house of representatives,? whom you will recollect as having once intro- 
duced certain resolutions into Congress in opposition to some of your 


1 Robert Walsh, editor of that journal from 1819 to 1836. 
? William S. Archer, M. C. 1820-1835, senator 1841-1847. 


July, 1826 307 


Mil’y conduct, he is now your warm friend. This fact connected with 
others which I could mention proves that Virginia may be calculated upon 
as being friendly to your election. In North Carolina the administration 
have made a tender of the friendship and kind feelings, which they enter- 
tain for the Crawford party, and are pressing upon that party the neces- 
sity of a junction between them and the Adams party, but we have with 
us at Ballston intelligent men from that state, all of whom concur in the 
opinion that No. Ca. will support you. Georgia is safe—just as much so 
as South-Carolina. 

In my mind, Clinton will not be a Candidate, and will support you. I 
hope he will do so from principle, and I cannot but believe after all he 
said on a former occasion of your peculiar fitness for the Office, that he 
will pursue any other course of conduct, but such as will be honorable to 
himself, and beneficial to his Country. Adams and Clay are one, and 
therefore if they wished it they could not save him. And therefore Clin- 
ton’s only chance of ever being elevated to the Chief Magistracy of the 
Country is in the exhibition of great patience and in his throwing his in- 
fluence on the side of virtue and principle, and which will be on the side 
of the people, and in favor of the people’s Candidate. 


To VicE-PRESIDENT CALHOUN.* 


HERMITAGE, July 26, 1826. 

Your kind letter of the 4th ult, by our mutual friend Maj Catron, was 
received on my way to Pulaski where I was specially invited by my friend 
of Giles County to spend the fiftieth anniversary of our independence. 
On my return, I embrace the earliest opportunity to thank you for it. 

I have been an attentive observer of the interesting subjects brought 
into discussion in the last congress. The message of the President at the 
commencement of the session was well calculated to swell to indigna- 
tion the dissatisfaction which the mode of his election had already cre- 
ated. Until I saw this message, judging Mr Adams to have a tolerable 
share of common sense, I took it for granted that the footsteps of his 
father would be carefully avoided, and that no questionable policy would 
be recommended; especially none that would revive the asperity which 
marked the struggle of 98 and 1800, and terminated in the prostration 
of the federal party. By steering thus his political course, with a hypo- 
critical veneration for the great principles of republicanism in the one 
hand, and an artful management of patronage in the other, the hope of 
success would then have rested upon the credulity and apathy of the 
people, precisely where the enemies of freedom in all ages have placed the 
foundation of their power. With the same end in view—or in other words 
that which seeks to make the influence of office superior to a just responsi- 
bility to the people, Mr Adam’s first efforts have certainly taken from 
him those strong agents. The panama mission, and the doctrine of his 
party upon the question of amending the constitution have unmasked his 
designs; and I am happy to see that the Republicans so well sustained 
themselves in the just defence of the liberty of the country. 


1 Copy. Handwriting of A. J. Donelson. 


308 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I was not surprised, Sir, to see the Ministerial Journal wantonly as- 
sailing you, and bearing the shafts of the administration against McDuf- 
fie and Randolph and all those who had the independence to stand forth 
the champions of the constitution and the people. This will always be the 
case when the schemes of an unholy coalition are unravelled. But, Si; 
the people are awake, and are virtuous; and it is a pleasing consolation 
to the patriot to know that their voice and strength is with the minority 
of the senate. You may still confide in the support of the people; they 
may be led away for a moment by designing demagogues, and the influ- 
ence of men who in the pursuit of office will sacrifice the greatest good 
of the country to procure it, but their reason is soon enlightened by truth 
and rallying round their true interests, they will throw aside the instru- 
ments of corruption, and accept those of good and faithful service. 

I trust that my name will always be found on the side of the people, 
and as their confidence in your talents and virtue has placed you in the 
second office of the government, that we shall march hand in hand in 
their cause. With an eye single to the preservation of our happy form 
of government, the missiles of slander will fall harmless at your feet. 
The approbation of the virtuous yeomanry of the country will constitute 
a shield which the administration cannot destroy—it will live when the 
abuse of its [ ]? shall be forgotten. 


To CoLoneL JoHN D. TERRILL.* 


HERMITAGE, July 29, 1826. 

Sir, I have received by due course of mail yours of the 17th instant 
and with pleasure take a leisure moment to reply to it. The policy of con- 
centrating our Southern tribes of Indians to a point west of the Missis- 
sippi, and thereby strengthening our Southern border with the white 
population which will occupy the land, is one of much importance, and 
in the execution of which will be required some attention to the Indian 
character. 

In reference to the proposed negotiations as a part of this policy, I 
think it will be useless to attempt to prepare the minds of the Chickasaws 
for the surrender of a part of their lands. From my knowledge of their 
character I have no doubt that an entire exchange will be effected with 
less difficulty than a partial one. And with them, as with all Indians, the 
best plan will be to come out with candor. tell them, situated where they 
now are, that they will always be exposed to encroachment from the 
white people who will be constantly harrassing their father the President 
for the privilege of occupation and possession etc.; and here the case of 
Georgia and the Creek and Cherokees will furnish a striking example. 
Say to them, their Father, the President, will lay off a country of equal 
extent, transport them to it, and give besides a premium of money which 
will enable them to buy stock etc.; that he will establish landmarks for 
them never to be moved, and give them a fee simple title to the land. You 
must be prepared to give assurance of permanency of title, and dwell 


2 Two words illegible. 


1Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. Colonel Terrill had be i i 
agent to prepare the Chickasaws for a cession of their inns Snne per egos! 


July, 1826 309 


upon the idea that they will never be asked to surrender an acre more. It 
might not then be useless to bring to their view the hope of a union be- 
tween the Choctaws Creeks and Chickasaws, as a speedy means of mak- 
ing them a great, powerful, and happy people, and, when their children 
shall be educated, of enabling them to become a member of the United 
States, as Alabama and Mississippi are. 

With these hints I shall only add that you should be careful to promise 
nothing to them, but what you will religiously perform, or they will say 
to you, you lye too much. nothing will defeat a negotiation with Indians 
so soon as the discovery of an attempt to deceive them. 

I am, Sir, very respectfully, yr. obt. svt. 


To Tuomas P. Moore. 


HERMITAGE, July, 1826. 

My Dear Sir, Your favor of the 21st instant is received,’ reassuring 
me of the wish of many of my friends in Kentucky that I should visit the 
Harrodsburgh springs. 

I had spoken early in the spring of this visit because those waters had 
been recommended as necessary to the restoration of Mrs. J’s health, and 
there was additional gratification derived from the hope that I would 
see many of my old friends in Kentucky, whose company at all times 
would be pleasing to me. But in as much as Mrs J is lately so far im- 
proved, as not to render this trip necessary ; it seems to me very question- 
able whether without this necessity I ought to yield to the other consid- 
eration at this juncture. I know that so far as Kentucky is concerned 
the unjust imputations which it is my wish to avoid, would never be 
raised; or rather that a great proportion of her citizens would attribute 
to their proper origin the objects of my visit. Yet when I reflect upon the 
management and intrigue which are operating abroad, the magnitude of 
the principles which they are endeavoring to supplant, and the many 
means which they can draw to their assistance from the patronage of the 
Government, I feel that it is not less due to myself and to principle, than 
to the American people, particularly so far as they have sanctioned my 
political creed, to steer clear of every conduct, out of which the idea might 
arise that I was manoevring for my own aggrandizement. If it be true 
that the administration have gone into power contrary to the voice of the 
nation, and are now expecting by means of this power, thus acquired, to 
mould the public will into an acquiescence with their authority, then is 
the issue fairly made out—shall the Government or the people rule? And 
it becomes the man, whom the people shall indicate as their rightful repre- 
sentative in this solem issue, so to have acquitted himself that while he 
- displaces these enemies of liberty there will be nothing in his own ex- 
ample to operate against the strength and durability of the government. 


1In his letter, from Harrodsburg, Ky., Moore said: “ Your letter to me has left us in 
some doubt in relation to the expected visit: to the Springs. I regret to trouble you, but 
I am sure you will rightly appreciate my motives. Your friends in Ky. have to encounter 
a sort of screw presses, the presence of the prince of managers. While I never will insult 
you by soliciting you to imitate his example in any thing, yet be assured that your visit 
to this State would contribute much towards enabling us to triumph in a contest in which 
is involved principles which should be dear to every patriot, and honest man.” 


310 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


With this candid expression of my feeling on this subject, I hope you 
will recognise nothing inco[n]sistent with the claims which my friends 
in Kentu[c]ky have upon me. Were I unconnected with the present con- 
test, you may rest assured that wherever my presence, or my labour would 
be useful in arresting the efforts of [intrigue] and management, that I 
should not hesitate, careless of sacrifices, to repair to the post which my 
friends might indicate as the most exposed. 

It is a source of much regret to disappoint your wishes, and others, 
our mutual friends in Kentucky; but as things are, unless Mrs Js health 
should render it necessary, I think that you will coincide with me that 
[it] is improper 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, August 20, 1826. 

.... Genl Hinds spent a short time with me, and promised to call 
and see you. I suppose from what he said, he will accept of the appoint- 
ment as commissioner to treat with the Indians,’ I have given him my 
opinion, you must get the whole territory or none, that if the Indians 
can be got to cede or exchange the whole of their country, I would not 
hesitate as to the price provided it can be had, for one third the vallue of 
the ceded country, allowing the other two thirds to indemnify the gov- 
ernment for the acre for acre in exchange, and all expences in surveying 
and selling the land. if this should not meet the views of the President 
and senate let them reject it. the chickasaw and choctaw country are of 
great importance to us in the defence of the lower country, a white popu- 
lation instead of the Indian, would strengthen our own defence much. 

Your mare is now here and thriving, and I think in foal, I hope you 
will be more fortunate with her hereafter. My wish in this respect, is 
much heightened, since I have broke her two year old filly, which promises 
to be amonghst the first runners in america, from the small trial, of ten 
days that Dunwoody has made with her. I was unfortunate to loose one 
of my grays I got of you last evening. I believe there were one thousand 
worms sticking to his maw, and all remedies failed. he lived five days 
after he was first taken... . . 


To EBENEZER H. CUMMINS. 


pa HERMITAGE, August 31, 1826. 
D’r Sir, I have recd your letter of the roth instant, it reached me to 
day." I am aware of the great exertions that were made in 1824 and will 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

2 Gens. William Clark, John Coffee, and Thomas Hinds were appointed by Adams as 
commissioners to treat with the Choctaws and Chickasaws for a cession of lands; they 
were not successful. ‘ 

ummins wrote from Baltimore. In his letter of Aug. 10 is the followin 
to Jackson’s early years: “ The last letters I have had the pleasure of pein 2 heai 
most beloved father and your venerable preceptor left him well in Georgia, enjoying 
still the rosy health with which a kind providence has so long blest him. He remembers 
well when you, general Davie, and many others of your early compeers, were his pupils, 


August, 1826 311 


be made again by falshood and misrepresentation, thro phamphlets an- 
nonemous letters, and newspaper squibs to slander me, and was I to at- 
tempt to answer all the false statements thus propagated, I might do 
nothing but write and refute them. I have always thought, that truths 
is might and will prevail. I have therefore taken no pains to refute these 
slanders except when they emanated from a committee of Congress when 
it became necessary to expose their falshoods, least the sanction of the 
report of a committee of the senate tho based upon falshoods and false 
coulouring might go down to posterity for truth and impose upon future 
generations. 

The case you allude to might as well be ascribed to the president of 
the united states as myself, and as you ask me for a statement of the 
facts, I send you them in a concise form. In the year 1814 Colo. Pipkin 
at the head of his Regt. of Drafted Militia was charged with the Defence 
of Ft Jackson in the heart of the Creek nation. Whilst thus in command 
part of his Regt. mutinied—at the head of this mutiny was a Mr Harris, 
(preacher, but as my memory now serves me, of the Baptist profession— 
he broke open the commisary stores, knoked out the heads of the flower 
barrels, and took Just what the wanted, and destroyed what they pleased— 
proceeded to the Bake house, and set that on fire, and marched off in open 
defience of the Colo. leaving the garrison without provisions, and so 
weakened by desertion, that it might have fell a sacrafice to the Indians. 
I was then at Mobile informed by express of this mutiny and outrage. 
I ordered the mutineers and deserters to be pursued apprehended and 
brought back. They ringleaders Harris at their head were apprehended 
and brought to Mobile in irons after I had left there, and charged Genl 
Winchester with the command. these were tried by a courtmartial anu 
condemned to die, five were shot and the ballance pardoned. The bal- 
lance who deserted became alarmed at their situation and after several 
days march homeward returned to their duty and was forgiven by me— 
was with me when I marched to pensacola in 1814 and followed me to 
Orleans and regained their former good character by their valorous and 
soldiery conduct and were honourbly discharged. it is for the public to 
Judge whether this professed embassador of christ did not well deserve 
death for the crime of robery and arson, and this outrageous mutiny that 
not only Jeperdised the safety of our country but the remainder of the 
garrison from its exposed situation, and whether such a wolf in sheeps 
cloathing who led others to aid in this criminal conduct was not a fit sub- 
ject for example. Harris wrote me on this subject after condemned to 
die acknowledging the Justice of his condemnation, and stating, that he 
had no hope of a pardon here, but from his repentence, hoped for forgive- 


in that famous region of Carolina so devoted to the freedom of these states, and within 
a few miles of the spot where the first declaration of independence was formally and 
devotedly proclaimed. He was among the actors at the court house in Charlotte, Mecklin- 
burgh county, on that memorable occasion, as well as a participator in the subsequent 
robbery of the British army in the neighbourhood by a few hundred stout hearted whigs, 
who surprised Cornwallis, and to use his own language ‘cut out’ twenty two of his 
baggage waggons, and made a great fare of their contents the next day in Charlotte. To 
this day the surviving heroes in that feat preserve the trop[h]ies of their daring ; several 
cf which remain in the mansion of my father near the village where you last saw him. 

The writer’s father, one of the early teachers of Jackson, was Rev. Dr. Francis Cum- 
mins (1752-1832) ; Sprague, Annals, III. 418-421. 


312 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


ness hereafter—which I hope he obtained through the attonement made 
by our blessed saviour, and his sincere repentance. Let it be recollected, 
that this mutiny was at a time when every nerve of our country was 
strained to protect it from the invasion of an overwhelming British force, 
whose agents were then employed to stir up the Creeks to the indiscrimi- 
nate murder of our defenceless border, 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, September 2, 1826. 

.... Ihave read the instructions to the commissioners for holding 
a treaty with the Chickasaw and Choctaws with attention, and hasten to 
give you my opinion with regard to the restrictions therein contained. 
Ist. The current expenses of the treaty including compensation to the 
commissioners is not to exceed twenty thousand dollars the sum appro- 
priated. you are not restricted as to the price to be stipulated for any 
land you may obtain from the Indians. This as it ought to be, is left to 
the discretion of the commissioners. on the event of a Barter you are 
only restricted as to acre for acre, but as it must have been well under- 
stood that a barter could not be obtained without Boot, this is also left 
to your discretion, but the treaty having to be approved by the president 
and Senate the sums stipulated to be given must await this approval and 
an appropriation by congress. I would advise in all stipulations for 
money, a stipulation for an annuity for a term of years only. The object 
of the Govt. is to obtain a cession of this Indian country for lands west 
of the Mississippi. it is the duty of the commissioners to obtain this ces- 
sion on the best terms they can, leaving the President and Senate to 
ratify or reject as their judgt may dictate. It is well known that a barter 
cannot be obtained without giving the Indians Boot. was I a commis- 
sioner before I would fail in the object I would give in boot the excess 
in value of the acre of Indian land ceded, to the acre given by the U. 
States, taking into view the expence of surveying and selling the public 
land. This section of country is of great importance to the prosperity and 
strength of the lower Mississippi, a dense white population would add 
much to its safety in a state of war, and it ought to be obtained, if it can, 
on any thing like reasonable terms. .. . . 


Mayor Henry LEE To JACKSON. 


BuFFALO, September 14, 1826. 

dear Genl. I have been in this neighbourhood some days, vewing or re- 
viewing the falls of Niagara and examining the various Battle scenes on 
the Canada side; having it in contemplation to write a history of the last 
War. On my way I visited and conversed with Govr. Clinton to whom I 
was recommended and by whom I was treated with much civility. His 
standing in the political world renders him an object of interest, and I 
proceed to give you the result of my observations. He is frendly in his 
conversation to your election and adverse to that of Adams; Still more 
so to the succession of Clay In answer to questions from me he said 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


September, 1826 313 


“ Adams has but little influence or popularity in this State”. “ Clay has 
few partisans and no prospects in this or the eastern States.” “ Jackson 
has some friends in N. York and in ohio I think he stands well.” His 
expressions were altogether favourable to you, and decidedly hostile to 
Clay, but I am convinced from the whole tenour of his remarks that his 
object is to secure his own elevation at the next election if possible or the 
succeeding one at any rate. He would go as far as I could wish in repro- 
bating the origin the doctrines, the practices, and the character of the in- 
cumbent administration, but he would never concur with me in the con- 
clusion which I frequently presented for his adoption, that it was necessary 
for every conspicuous and enlightened patriot to support you as the only 
man who was now able to effect their overthrow. Here he was uniformly 
hesitating and evasive—saying “‘ Jackson will beat any man in his own 
state and probably in Pena.” As soon as I was satisfied that his mind 
was obstinately bent on this selfish object, I said according to my present 
sentiments Govr. Clinton, you may rely on my exertions to support you 
against Mr. Clay should he attempt to succeed Genl. Jackson. This re- 
mark obviously disconcerted him, and our conversation soon after glided 
into general subjects. Speaking candidly to you, I fear he is a man essen- 
tially littlk—nothing noble and disinterested in his composition. An oc- 
currence happened while I was with him, which though trifling appears 
to me perfectly illustrative of his imbecility. While we were engaged in 
this political confabulation, and when it was rather interesting to him, 
a rap was heard at the door. He told the servant to “ carry them back ”’. 
The visiters (one of whom turned out to be a judge of the State, passed 
right by the door of the room in which we were and if they had have 
looked round might have seene us. Clinton stopped in the midst of a sen- 
tence as they passed, and shrank himself up into a corner of the room to 
prevent their seeing him. This I thought as little like a great man and 
as much like a little man as any thing I ever witnessed. It is impossible 
to concieve that Genl. Washington, or (if you will pardon me) Genl. 
Jackson ever exhibited such weakness. 

I was surprised to find the conversation of Clinton, far below the style 
of a well educated gentleman. His manner[s] are heavy and his lan- 
guage quite provincial. For example the told me Mr. Monroe and his 
Cabinet “ had all tried for to crush him”’. The canal however is a lasting 
and a grand monument to his fame. No traveller who sees it without see- 
ing Clinton can help feeling gratitude and admiration for its Chief pro- 
moter. Travelling is cheaper in this state and more comfortable than I 
ever found it elsewhere You live in the best style all the way, and are 
conveyed from N. york to this place a distance of 507 miles in 6 and % 
days for $13.6214. and you may come comfortably for 10 dollars. You 
ought to have a canal from the Tennessee to the Alabama... . . 


JAMES BUCHANAN TO JACKSON. 


LANCASTER, September 21, 1826. 
. ... There was a most artful and powerful effort made against you 
in this State during the last Spring. They did not dare to attack you per- 
sonally; but levelled all their artillery against Mr. Calhoun, Mr. Ran- 


314 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


dolph, Mr. M’Duffie etc. but principally against the former; and they 
endeavored to make you answerable for his political offences, as presiding 
officer of the Senate. They have succeeded, to a considerable extent, in 
injuring the popularity of Mr. Calhoun; but their arrows have fallen 
harmless at your feet. Your popularity throughout the State of Pennsyl- 
vania is fixed upon sure foundations which your enemies have not nor 
ever will be able to shake.* 

Our society in this City has had a most agreeable addition in Mr. 
Cheves? and his family. He has purchased a farm within a mile of Lan- 
caster and has taken up his residence amongst us with an intention, as he 
says, of laying his bones here. His sterling good sense and his agree- 
able manners have already made him a great favorite. Although he has 
been and still, I believe, is upon terms of personal friendship with Mr. 
Clay; yet he disapproves highly of his recent political course and does 
not hesitate upon all proper occasions to express his opinion. . .. . 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, September 25, 1826. 

.... you will discover from the public journals that the presidential 
canvass has commenced with great spirit from the cost, even in Boston, 
the former hotbead of Federalism has had a meeting, and the secretary 
of state always comes in for his share of public censure, he like Lucifer, 
is politically fallen, never to rise again. He is on an electioneering tour. 
in the upper parts of Virginia, travelling for his health it being much 
impaired by official duty, but it will not do, he never can raise himself 
again in Virginia. The administration will make great exertions to suc- 
ceed. every engine that can be wielded will be used, as we have a right to 
expect from the falsehoods and fabrications we have already seen pub- 
lished, by their Tools. I think Jonathan Roberts,? must ere this, repent 
of his folly. he has been severely exposed, and the reply over the signa- 
ture of Major Eaton which will soon appear in the Eastern prints, will 
prostrate him forever, indeed the four numbers which has appeared in 
the Cincinnati Republican over the signature of Vindication has put his 
falsehood to rest, but as most of the replies has been over anonimous 
names, it was thought best, as Mr Roberts has been a senator, that a 
reply by a senator who were both members during the discussion of the 
Seminole campaign would be more relied on and better calculated to 
prostrate the faction. 

When you meet with Genl Hinds present me to him affectionately. 
I have no hope of your succeeding. if you succeed at all you must suc- 
ceed with both nations, and succeed I would, if they will sell. what is 


1 This patent effort to identify, in Jackson’s mind, the causes of Jackson and Calhoun 
did not succeed. In his reply, Oct. 15, 1826 (see Works of James Buchanan, I. 218), 
Jackson was very non-committal with respect to Calhoun. 

* Langdon Cheves of South Carolina, M. C. 1811-1815, president of the United States 
Bank 1819-1822, removed from Philadelphia to Lancaster in 1826, but in 1829 returned 
to South Carolina. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

2 Senator from Pennsylvania 1814-1821. 


September, 1826 315 


the vallue of the soil, compared to the vallue of the population that sec- 
tion of country will maintain. labour is the wealth of all nations, and it 
is your business to make a treaty the best you can obtain, and leave it with 
the senate and president to approve or reject..... 


To A COMMITTEE OF THE Davipson County BisLe Society. 


HERMITAGE, September 30, 1826. 
ee uae Your note of the 25th instant is Just recd through the post 
office 

Whilst I feel grateful for the honor intended me, I must decline your 
request. Was this great and good cause in need of this effort it should 
be yielded with much pleasure and promptness, but as this cannot be the 
case, there being so many Gentlemen much better qualified for public 
speaking than myself and more in the habit, I must be excused—having 
lost many of my teeth it is with great dificulty I can articulate, and not 
being in the habit of public speaking of late, it is very unpleasant for me 
to appear in that charecter. I therefore resign to abler hands. 

There is still a stronger reason for my declining—it is this—Under 
existing circumstances, was such an address to go forth to the world, I 
might be charged by my political enemies with having come forth hypo- 
critically under the sacred garb of religion thus to electioner—never 
having worn this mask I cannot permit myself to appear in an attitude 
which might justify my enemies in raising imputations so unpleasant. 

Permit me to assure you, gentlemen whilst for the reasons offered I 
decline the profered honor, that there is nothing that I can do with pro- 
priety that I will not do, to prosper the great and good cause of chris- 
tianity and the true religion of Jesus christ by the spread of the gospel. 

With great consideration and respect I am Gentlemen 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


[n. p., n. d., probably in September, 1826. ] 

.... Ll have no idea that you will succeed at present, but you may 
perhaps make a conditional treaty to be binding on the two nations should 
they be pleased with the country when it is explored by their chiefs 
selected for that purpose. It is your provence to make a treaty if you 
can, and the best you can. If therefore they will yield their country at all, 
you will have to pay them well. if you find that they alledge that they are 
unacquainted with the country, stipulate on what terms they will exchange, 
if they should be pleased with it when viewed by them, appoint an agent 
to accompany them, and stipulate that they shall have so many months 
to give their final approbation to this agreement, further stipulating that 
the approval of the president and senate is to be had, to this conditional 
treaty, in which, must be stipulated a sum to bear the expence of this 
exploration. to this they Indians may agree, but still this ought to be the 


1 Jackson had been invited to attend the anniversary meeting of the Davidson County 
Bible Society, and to move a resolution approving the report of the managers, making 
appropriate remarks. The above letter was his reply to the invitation. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


316 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


last proposition. Unless the Indians are acquainted with the country you 
propose giving them in exchange, they will not, nay, ought not, to enter 
into a final treaty before they obtain this information, but an erangement 
may with justice to them be made on the condition they like the country 
when explored. This will test how far the president and congress will 
approve the treaty when absolutely made, on the application for the ap- 
propriation to defray the expence of exploring the country. your powers 
does not justify such a conditional treaty but if you can obtain no other, 
this of itself will justify this thing, and may be the means of finally ob- 
taining their country, and at a much earlier day than without it, because 
it will be the inducement for them to explore it when otherwise they 
would not. make a treaty, this is your business if you can and leave it to 
the P. and congress to approve.” .. . 


BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE TO JACKSON. 


Coxrs CREEK, October 1, 1826. 

D’r Genl. By Mr. Camper T had the pleasure to receive yours of the 
25th Ulto. and also my mare in fine order. I hope she is in foal. I thank 
you for this additional service, to the many heretofore recd. from you. 
About a week ago I went down to A. J. Hutchings farm and went through 
the crop and examined it well, the Cotton is indifferent owing to the 
droughts, it seems to have been very well cultivated, but most of it in the 
oldest land is very small and badly bowled, and the wet season had started 
it to a second growth, that was also injuring it very much, it was forward 
and they were picking it very fast. Winburn informed me that he had 
out at that time 35 thousand, since which he had a week,s picking he must 
have by this time 45 thousand out. his calculations were from what he 
had picked that he would gather in about six hundred to the acre, when 
all done—he had at that time Gined his packing room full and was wait- 
ing to get Baging and rope to begin to bail. he will be done baleing as soon 
as he is done picking, or very soon thereafter, as he carries on both 
branches of business at the same time, he says his hands pick remarkably 
well, so much so, that he himself attends the Gin, and keeps all hands in 
the field. I bought Baling and rope, and sent it to him the day after I was 
there, say on yesterday was a week ago. he would bale on monday last all 
that he had picked, and continue Gining—the Scotch Baging (which was 
the same price with the other) cost 30 cents a yard, and Rope 12% cents 
p Ib. I omitted to purchase for myself or that farm, untill very lately, 
when that was the best bargain I could get, taking enough for both farms. 

The old ground corn was also rather light, but the new ground was very 
fine with a good crop of Pumpkins, the Corn Crop will abundantly sup- 
ply the place but nothing more. he could not tell how many hogs he could 
command to make pork, but he said there would not be enough to supply 
the place, the hogs were very much scattered, running after the whiteoak 
mast that had begun to fall, and which is in great abundance this year. I 


2 This letter relates to the futile attempt to get the Choctaws to cede lands and remove 
to the Arkansas River region; see p. 310, note 2. The report of the commissioners’ 
proceedings is in dm. St. Pap., Ind. Af., 11. 709-717. 


October, 1826 317 


think it unnecessary to make any provision about the pork untill it is 
known the quantity that may be wanted, as it is likely to be very low here 
this year, I can get delivered at the place, at that season upon better terms 
than a contract can be made, or to have it driven out, and I hope to be 
here and will attend to it in due time. 

Winburn is very desireous to remain on the place at his old wages say 
$200. he is about to Marry one of Old Mr. Scrug,s daughters, a young 
girl of 16 or 17 years of age, and that is the reason his sister Mrs. Nichol- 
son is about to move away, another of her brothers and herself are about 
to settle a new place in the woods and carry on afarm. I am at a loss to 
determine whether Winburn ought to be continued or not, he is very 
anxious to do so, and I believe he is doing the very best he can with his 
judgment, but both him and his wife are young and will necessarily be 
at some loss to manage the young negroe family—in reply to that objec- 
tion, her Mother is very near and possibly would counsel when called on 
for the purpose, this might be somewhat of a palliative, but not a com- 
pleat removal of the objection, and I would not consider him equal to 
such a man as Nicholson was yet he will do the best he can I beleive. 

The man you mentioned in your letter who had written to you, and 
who had overseed for Booker, has I am told engaged with James Jackson. 
But if it should be determined to turn away Winburn, and get another, 
I can employ a man by the name of Hudson in this neighbourhood at 
$300. and his family found, who is an old overseer under an excellent 
name. he applied to me last year before Winburn had been engaged, and 
I mentioned him to you by letter, I think I should have then employed him 
but he was under a partial engagement with John Craig and could not get 
off. he has about as much family as Nickerson had, is a man about 35 
years old from appearance is said to be a first rate overseer, he is a very 
decent man and so is his family as I learn, I think he would be able to 
manage affairs better than the other, and would be a more responsible 
person, but his family would be a little more expence, and his wages is 
$100. higher than the other—both of them seems desireous to continue 
on the place if employed, untill Andrew would arrive at age to take charge 
himself—under all circumstances possibly it would be better to empl[o]y 
Hudson, as he certainly would have more judgment in the management 
of the negroes and every thing else appertaining to the plantation, and if 
equal to his reputation as an overseer, he would relieve you measureably 
of responsibility. 

I have given you as near as I can the history of the two men with the 
prospects before them, you can better determine which to employ than I 
can. If Winburn is to be employed you need not say so positively to him 

_yet untill he brings his crop nearer to a close, and if he is not employed 
it will [be] more necessary to keep the information from him least he 
relax in his duty—therefore if you should wish to employ Hudson you 
may instruct me to that effect by a line and I will do it without giving 
the other notice of it, at least untill he progresses further with the Crop, 
As I expect to set out to the treaty on the 11 or at furthest the 12th of 
the month, the sooner you determine and write me the better, and if you 
conclude to employ Hudson, write such a letter as would do to shew to my 
Neighbour Major Allen, that in the event I should have started from 


318 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


home before it came to hand, I would request Mrs. Coffee to send for 
the Major and get him to see Hudson and close the contract for me. he 
is well acquainted with Hudson, and recomm|[en]ds his being employed, 
I will speak to Major Allen on the subject before I leave home, provided 
I do not receive your instructions before I start... . . 


Major Henry LEE To JACKSON.* 


WasuincTon, November 18, 1826. 

dear Genl. The letter in which this is enclosed, you will find I wrote to 
you some time ago from Quebec. I did not think it worth the postage and 
therefore have detained it until I could get it franked. Perhaps in a 
liesure moment it may afford you some amusement. Since my return I 
have resigned my situation in the P. office. It was laborious and responsi- 
ble without being honourable or lucrative. The sweets of liberty I again 
enjoy, and that stimulates me to vindicate the liberty of the nation. Your 
election I think will be its greatest triumph and I am therefore about to 
write a distinct and fair account of your life and character. I know that 
in general Biography, as well as anatomy, [one] should dissect only dead 
subjects. But the peculiar circumstances in which Envy and Merit have 
conspired to place you, render it important that a better knowledge of 
you should be communicated to your country men, than they now have. 
Will you do me the favour to communicate to me under cover to Genl. 
Houston any anecdotes you can remember of your early life—of your 
father and your mother, espicially of the latter, and your own views of 
your own conduct on the points in your public life which have been 
most assailed—such as the execution of Arbuthnot and ambrister—that 
of the Indian prophet—your imprisonment of Callava, and your con- 
troversy with Fromentin. The invasion of Florida then a Spanish terri- 
tory you also know has been much canvassed, as well as your proceedings 
at N. orleans in relation to Judge Hall and Govr. Claiborne and the decla- 
ration of Martial Law. If you think proper to communicate any confi- 
dential details either of your public or private life; they shall be sacredly 
cherished within my own bosom, but they might still enable me to give 
a juster and firmer colour to your history. I have heard you censured for 
over-praising the militia at the Battle of the Horse Shoe, and for being 
silent about Williams and his Regulars. In respect to Cockes Mutiny 
too I should be glad to get particulars, and should wish to learn how it was 
you thought of hanging the members of the Hartford Convention under 
the 2nd section of a certain article of war—as intimated in your letter to 
Mr. Monroe. I have supposed you wrote hastily and from the accounts 
you had seen of these infamous malcontents thought they wd. come 
under that clause. But as truth is my object, I want facts. I hope you 
know me well enough to believe that I will do you justice 


Ce a Cr lt 


To Sam Houston. 


HERMITAGE, November 22, 1826. 
D’r Genl, I set out tomorrow for the neighbourhood of Florence to 
make some arangements relative to the interest of my little ward, H. 


1 Library of Congress, Van Buren MSS. 


December, 1826 319 


whose cotton Ginn and all the cotton has been consumed by fire. I there- 
fore before I leave home trouble you with this letter. 

I am anxious as early as your convenience will admit, that you should 
see Doctor Wallace and Colo Gray, and obtain their statement in writing 
of what the Sec of the Navy * should have said, at the Public dinner given 
him at Fredericksburg, va, relative to my leaving the army without leave 
or orders etc. etc. and communicate a copy to me and retain the original 
yourself. So soon as this is done present my note to the Sec and transmit 
me his reply. I trust you will attend to this thing promptly for me; for, 
I find the heads of Departments have been ranging the union and secretely 
intimating slanderous things of me. This I mean to Expose, and put 
down, one after the other, as I can obtain the positive proof. Let tt not be 
long before I hear from you. 

I have recd several letters from the western District.? since you left 
Nashville the current has changed there, and you will (unless a mighty 
change) receive an overwhelming majority. The result of your Political 
quarrel, and Major Eatons reelection, has put down the faction, and 
uninimity and harmony will prevade our whole state. 

Present me to Mr John Randolph and all my friends in the senate. If 
you find it convenient, you may suggest a desire I have of obtaining a 
good filly got by Sir Archey, and full bred by the dam side. Knowing 
that he has the purest blood, if he has a filly of this description broke 
to the halter, that he can sell for $300 or under that sum, say a two or 
three year old, if he will deliver such a one to you, and you will bring her 
out, I will be prompt in remitting him the amount. .... 


[P. S.] Capt A. J. Donelson who has engaged my stud coalts, desires 
me to say to you, if a faithfull good keeper of rone horses can be got, he 
will give them good wages. a freeman of colour, who could be well 
recommended for his capacity and honesty would be preferred. from one 
hundred dollars to one hundred and fifty of standing wages would be 
given, besides other priviledges, but none except those well recommended 
would be employed, he must be sober, honest, and capable—under such 
recommendations, I will guarantee any engagement for the Capt, that you 
may make. 


JacKson’s MARRIAGE: SwoRN STATEMENT OF Mrs. ELIZABETH 
CRAIGHEAD.* 


Sprinc Hitt, TENNESSEE, December 2, 1826. 
The following is the statement of Mrs. Craighead, widow of the Revd. 
Thomas B. Craighead late a member of the West Tennessee Presbytery. 
Mr. Craighead and myself came to this country about forty two years 
ago; and Mrs. Donelson, the mother of Mrs. Jackson, and family came 


1 Samuel L. Southard of New Jersey. ; [ 
2 The Western District was that part of Tennessee lying west of the Tennessee River. 
It was acquired from the Chickasaw Indians by Jackson and Governor ,Shelby in the 


f 1818. ; 
TaN Y. eae Lib., Ford MSS. This statement was widely published by the Jackson 


men in the presidential campaign that ended in 1828. 


23 


320 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


and settled at the Clover Bottom in Davidson County, Tennessee, the same 
year. With the family of Mrs. Donelson I was well and intimately ac- 
quainted, indeed my family had a knowledge of the Donelson connections 
for about seventy years. The whole family were respectable, and I lived 
in habits of intimacy with Mrs. Donelson during her life, and with Mrs. 
Jackson nearly forty years. The character of Mrs. Donelson, the mother 
of Mrs. Jackson, was without a blemish and her standing in society was 
inferior to that of no other lady in the country. She respected religion 
whilst she lived, and died in the hope of a happy hereafter. 

Mrs. Jackson, then Mrs. Roberts, was brought to this country, from 
Kentuc[k]y, by one of her brothers a few years after the family had set- 
tled themselves here in consequence as I understood, of the cruel treat- 
ment of her husband, who was said to be a man of jealous disposition and 
vicious habits. This was manifested by the suspicions he entertained 
of the improper conduct of his wife. At the time she lived with him, at the 
house of his mother in Kentucky, an attorney by the name of Short also 
boarded with the old lady. With regard to the unhappy difference which 
took place between Roberts and his wife, it was believed that it arose from 
the circumstance of Short’s living in the same family with Mrs. Roberts, 
and showing her, perhaps, a little more than ordinary politeness. 

Mr. James Brown, my brother, who is now at Paris in France,’ came 
to this country shortly after Mrs. Roberts arrived from Kentucky; and, 
speaking of her, deeply regretted her misfortunes. He said that he be- 
lieved her to be a chaste and virtuous woman, and gave as a reason for 
thinking so, that he was intimate with Mr. Short, and has conversed with 
him particularly with respect to Mrs. Roberts, that he assured him, in 
the strongest and most solemn terms, Mrs. Roberts was a worthy, vir- 
tuous woman, and that the suspicions of her husband were entirely un- 
founded, cruel and ungenerous. 

Mrs. Roberts after having been driven from her mother-in-laws by the 
cruel treatment of her husband, Capt. Roberts, lived with her mother, 
Mrs. Donelson, several years, and conducted herself with the greatest 
propriety, entirely withdrawing herself from all places of public amuse- 
ment, such as Balls, parties, etc. About two years after his wife left Ken- 
tucky, Roberts came to this country for the purpose of being reconciled 
to her. He made every acknowledgment, and appeared to be quite peni- 
tent for his past conduct; stating, as I understood at the time, that he did 
not blame his wife for leaving him and coming to live with her mother. 
Shortly after his arrivel, by the interference of her friends and acquain- 
tances, she agreed to live with him on condition that he would settle him- 
self in her mother’s neighborhood, to which he gave his consent and 
actually purchased a tract of land. After they became reconciled Mrs. 
Donelson, for the first time, took into her house as boarders, several 
young gentlemen, (there being then few, if any regular boarding houses, 
or taverns,) among whom were Judge Overton and Genl. Jackson. 
Having agreed to live together, Roberts went back to Kentucky for the 
purpose of moving his property to this country. Upon his return, having 


2 Senator from Louisiana 1813-1817, 1819-1823, and minister to France 1823-1820. 


December, 1826 321 


found Genl. Jackson in the family, his jealousies appeared to revive. This 
was more particularly manifested towards Genl. Jackson, in consequence, 
I suppose, of his gay, sprightly disposition, and courtly manners. From 
my acquaintance with Mrs. Jackson I have no hesitation in stating it as 
my firm belief, that his suspicions were entirely groundless. No lady ever 
conducted herself in a more becoming manner during the whole of that 
period. I have lived within a few miles of Mrs. Jackson ever since that 
time (with the exception of about two years) and have been intimate 
with her, and can say no lady maintains a better character, or is more 
exemplary in her deportment, or more beloved by her friends and 
neighbors. 


P. S. In addition to what has been stated above it was my understand- 
ing, and the understanding, I believe, of the settlers generally, that on the 
application of Capt. Roberts, the Legislature of Virginia divorced him 
from his wife, and I never heard any thing to the contrary until lately.® 


James K. PoLk To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, December 4, 1826. 

. . . . On my way through Virginia, to this place, I learned from a 
source in which I place confidence, that it was contemplated by some of the 
leading men of that State, about Richmond, to address you soon, for the 
purpose of ascertaining your opinions at large, in relation to the con- 
struction which you place on the federal consti[tu]tion, and more espe- 
cially in relation to the power of making internal improvements, through 
the territory of the States, by the General Government. Your opinions 
on this subject I have no doubt have long since been settled, and when 
called on in a proper way I have as little doubt will be given independently, 
and regardless of consequences. Virginia you know is exceedingly sensa- 
tive on this subject, and the only object I at present have, in writing you 
is, that you may not be taken unapprised; and be called upon for a hasty 
opinion. Without great care in the phraseology employed to convey our 
ideas, you know the plainest sentiment in the English language may be 
perverted, and by the uncandid made to mean any thing but what it was 
intended to mean. It may be that the call may never be made; but whethere 
it should or not, I hope not to be deemed obtrusive in making the sug- 
gestion. It can do no harm. The information though not given to me 


3 In the Jackson MSS. is the following letter from Lewis Robards to Col. Robert Hays, 
written from Mercer Co., Ky., Jan. 9, 1791: “ D’r Sir I shall be very much Oblige to you 
if you Will send me the horse you soald my Corn For by Mr. Miles or by the first 
Opporteunty You can get I shall depend on you and Mr. Overton that theire is no 
advantage taken of me in My absence at Cumberland you will plase to Right by the first 
Opporteunity if the Estate is devided as I may no how to proseed to get my Rite if theire 
is aney Opporteunity Offers of selling my land you will please to let Me no my price is 
250 will give long Credets For one half, I will take Negroes if theay are young and likely 
and if you think theire no Chanch of selling it if theire is aney probibility of getting 
aney famileys to settel on it you will [mutilated] give to settel them on it..... oa 

Colonel Hays married Polly, sister of Rachael Donelson, and was therefore Robards’s 
brother-in-law. When he died, many years later, Jackson executed his will, and in con- 
sequence many of Hays’s papers got mixed in with the J ackson Papers. There is evidence 
tending to show that Jackson eventually became the owner of the land to which Robards 
alluded in this letter. 


322 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


in confidence, I presume was not intended to be made public; I feel how- 
ever unrestrained in communicating it to you, and for your greater satis- 
faction, will state it to you confidentially as I recd. it. 

At Abingdon in conversation with Dr. McCall, he stated to me that 
such a call would certainly be made on you; that he had learned it from 
Col. Campbell a very intelligent gentleman of that vicinity and one who 
was well acquainted with the views of the leading politicians of the State; 
and particularly of those in Richmond and its vicinity. Whether the call 
will proceed from the friends of the administration, or from the luke- 
warm, I am unable to say. That it will not proceed from your friends 
I am satisfied—tist. because they have had ample opportunities in the 
whole tenor of your public life of understanding and knowing your opin- 
ions, upon this as well as all other great National questions, on which it 
has become necessary for you to either speak or act; and 2nd. because in 
Virginia, your friends have now no occasion to make such a call, for 
Virginia, from information recd. from all qua[r]ters is now as deter- 
mined in her opposition to the present administration, as Tennessee, 
Pennsylvania or any other State in the Union. Whatever therefore may 
be the design of some in Va. who have suggested this plan, with a view 
as I belive to injure you in that state, the effort must be wholly abortive. 
I must close this communication already swelled to a much greater length 
than I anticipated when I commenced it. It is written with the best de- 
sign, and if the suggestion contained in it should possibly be of any 
service I shall be amply rewarded. In the progress of the session if any 
thing of interest should occur, which does not appear in the Newspapers 
I will take great pleasure in communicating it, and shall be happy at any 
time you can find leisure to hear from you. 

I have the Honor to be 


NB. Our foreign friends here rejoice with us at the success of our 
friend Majr. Eaton. We consider it a great point gained. 


JacKson’s MARRIAGE: Sworn STATEMENT OF Mrs. SALLY SMITH. 


NeEaAR NASHVILLE, December I0, 1826. 

The statement of Mrs Smith widow of Genl Daniel Smith formerly 
the representative of Tennessee in the Senate of the U states.? 

As well as I now recollect Mr Smith and myself settled in this country 
in the year 1784. At that period, or shortly after it Mrs Donelson and 
family were among the few families who came and settled in the coun- 
try on the south side, of Cumberland river, where, altho they were but a 
few miles from me, yet, in consequence of the river running between us, 
and the danger of visiting in those days, I did not become personally 
acquainted with them for two or three years after. The family however 
was universally spoken of as one of the most respectable and worthy in 
the whole county. The first time that I ever saw Mrs Jackson, then Mrs 
Roberts, was at the station of Col Mansker. One of her Brothers had not 
long before brought her from Kentucky, where she and Mr Roberts had 
been married and settled—the cause of her return to Tennessee, was then 


1See vol. I., p. 7. 


December, 1826 323 


attributed to the cruel and unjust treatment of her husband who was 
spoken of every where as a man of irregular habits, and much given to 
jealous suspicions. 

About 2 years after I first saw Mrs Roberts, I learned that Roberts 
had arrived in the country, and by the assistance of the family of his 
wife that their differences had been reconciled, and that they were again 
living together at Mrs Donelson’s. They were not long however together, 
before it was understood that the same unhappy apprehensions seized 
the mind of Roberts, and the consequence of which was another separa- 
tion, and as it soon appeared, a final one. All the circumstances attending 
this rupture I cannot attempt to state with much particularity at this late 
day. But it is hardly possible, considering the free and unreserved inter- 
course that prevailed among all the respectable classes of people here at 
that time, that an incident of this nature should occur without being fully 
and generally known; and that every person should concur in the same 
views upon its character, without the best reasons. In this transaction 
Mr. Roberts alone was censured; and I never heard a respectable man or 
woman intimate that the conduct of his wife differed from that of the 
most prudent, and virtuous female. Genl Jackson boarded at the time 
in the house of Mrs Donelson, and it was the common belief that his 
character and standing, added to his engaging and sprightly manners, 
were enough to inflame the mind of poor Roberts addicted as he was to 
vicious habits and the most childish suspicions. 

Mr Roberts had not been long gone from Tennessee when informa- 
tion was received here that he had obtained a divorce from his wife. 
Whether this information came by letter or by a newspaper from Vir- 
ginia addressed to my Husband, I cannot now say with certainty, but I 
think by the latter. It was after this information came that Genl Jackson 
married Mrs Roberts, and I recollect well the observation of the Revd 
Mr Craighead in relation to the marriage—it was that it was a happy 
change for Mrs Roberts, and highly creditable to Genl Jackson who by 
this act of his life evinced his own magnanimity as well as the purity and 
innocence of Mrs Roberts. And such was the sentiment of all my acquain- 
tances. Since this period I have lived within a few miles of Mrs Jackson, 
and have never been acquainted with a lady more exemplary in her de- 
portment, or one to whom a greater share of the respect and regard of 
friends and acquaintances can be awarded. 

Given at my plantation in Sumner County State of Tennessee, on the 
1oth day of December, 1826 


Done in the presence of Daniel S Donelson, as witness my hand and 


signature. 
DantEL S Donetson [Seal] 


To Major Wi111AM B. LeEwis.* 
HERMITAGE, December 12, 1826. 
My dear Major, Inclosed you will receive a copy of Mrs. Genl. Smith’s 
statement on the subject spoken of. Capt. Donelson is not acquainted with 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. (transcript); original in the J. Pierpont Morgan 
Library. 


324 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Mrs. Bowen, and how her statement will be obtained I cannot devise, 
unless you and Mr. M Lamore will ride up and see her, and perhaps 
neither of you are acquainted with her. Mrs. Bowens, together with Mrs. 
Craighead and Mrs. Smith will be all sufficient. Mrs. Bowen is sister to 
Colo. Russle, late of Fayette county Kentucky, deceased, and I believe 
sister of Genl. Russle, step father of Mrs. Frank Preston. The high char- 
acter of these three ladies, and their numerous respectable connections, 
will carry credence with their statement whereever it is seen. 

I am more anxious on this subject than perhaps I ought to be, but the 
Rascallity of the attempt to blacken the character of an ancient and 
Virtuous female who has thro life maintained a good reputation and has 
associated with the best circles of society in which she has been placed, 
and this for the basest purpose, by a coalition at the head of which I am 
sure Mr. Clay is, raises in my mind much feelings of indignation that I 
can scarcely control, but a day of retribution as it respects Mr. Clay and 
his tool Colo. Hammond, must arrive should I be spared. 

You cannot confer a greater obligation on me than by obtaining Mrs. 
Bowen’s Statement. Could I move in this thing, I would apply to her 
Myself, but if I did, it might be used injuriously. I will come down and 
see Mr. Overton as soon as I can make some arrangements about my 
cotton. 

I am very respectcully, yr friend 


P. S. I have to send you the original which I have not time to copy. 
My Dr. Sir, will you have it copied, and the original I will get when I go 
down or Capt. A. J. Donelson will copy it when he goes down on Friday 
next. Keep the original safe. 


To Sam Houston. 


Private 
HERMITAGE, December 15, 1826. 

D’r Genl, The business of my little ward (Hutchings) drew me to 
Alabama shortly after you left me from whence I have Just returned. 
The Legislature of Alabama has chosen Mr John M[c]Kinley their 
Senator. James Jackson, Colo. N. Davis, Judge Clay, and Doctor Moore, 
names were before the people as candidates with Mr McKinley—finding 
Judge Clay the Strongest of the coalition, Jackson, Davis and Moore 
united upon Judge Clay against McKinley, and were defeated by three 
votes—however it is said Judge Clay came forth publickly against the 
administration, but my friends it appears, had not as much confidence in 
his avowals, as they had in McK. you will therefore infer that Major 
McKinly has been elected by my political friends, and I hope he may 
notise their expectations. The major will be with you shortly, and you can 
soon Judge whether the confidence of the people is well founded or not. 
Clay au endeavour to wield him to his views, but I cannot believe he will 
succeed. 

As far as I could Judge from the voice of the people as I passed through 
Tennessee your popularity is Daily increasing, but you will have to re- 
turn early in the spring and pass through the state. We are now looking 


December, 1826 325 


to the city for the President communication to Congress which will afford 
the type holders some employment, and develope to the Nation its politi- 
cal prosperity and situation, and give us a clear view of the panama Con- 
gress, as I see Mr. Seargeant * has Just sailed before the meeting of Con- 
gress: the necessity of this movement, must have been as urgent, as the 
cause of accepting the invitation to be represented there, a few days be- 
fore the meeting of last Congress. 

I am anxiously awaiting a letter from you, after your arival at the city, 
and having seen our friends of Fredrickburge va., and presented my note 
to Mr Southerd. I am determined to unmask such part of the Executive 
council, as has entered into the combination to slander and revile me; 
and I trust, in due time to effect it, and lay the perfidy, meaness, and 
wickedness, of Clay, naked before the american people. I have lately got 
an intimation of some of his secrete movements, which, if I can reach with 
possitive and responsible proof, I will wield to his political, and perhaps, 
to his actual destruction. he is certainly the bases[t], meanest, scoundrel, 
that ever disgraced the image of his god—nothing too mean or low for 
him to condescend to, secretely to carry his cowardly and base purpose 
of slander into effect ; even the aged and virtuous female, is not free from 
his secrete combination of base slander—but anough, you know me, I will 
curb my feelings until it becomes proper to act, when retributive Justice 
will vissit him and his panders heads. 

Since my return from Alabama I have recd a letter from my friend 
J. S. Barber? accompanied with his speech on Mr McDuffes proposed 
amendment to the constitution. present him my respects and thanks for 
this letter and pamphlet, it has afforded me much satisfaction and the 
speech is fraught with much sound construction of our constitution, and 
real republican doctrine. When leisure occurs I will write him. present 
me to all my Tennessee friends and all members who inquire for me to 
Judge White and Branch of the senate. 

When I wrote you last I made a request of you for Mr Donelson—he 
has wrote you himself; if Mr Randolph has returned, and you should 
think it right, present him my compliments as an admirer of his inde- 
pendence and virtue, not as a flatterer. yr friend 


Jackson’s MARRIAGE: SworN STATEMENT OF Mrs. Mary H. Bowen. 


SUMNER County, TENN., December 21, 1826. 

The statement of Mrs. Bowen, widow of Col William Bowen de- 
ceased, and sister of Genl Russel and also of the late Col Russel of Fay- 
ette county Kentucky: also Mother of the late John H Bowen Esqr. late 
a Representative of Tennessee in the Congress of the United States. 

My Father married Mrs Campbell the sister of Patric Henry of Va, 
and settled at the salt Works in Washington county a few miles from 
Abingdon Va. After this event about the year 1785 Mr Bowen and my- 
self moved from Washington and settled upon the spot where I now live 


1John Sergeant of Philadelphia, sent by Adams to the adjourned session (at Tacu- 
baya) of the Panama Congress. 
2 John S. Barbour of Virginia, M. C. 1823-1833. 


326 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


in Sumner County Tennessee. Soon after our arrival we became ac- 
quainted with the family of Mrs Donelson, the mother of Mrs Jackson, 
who settled the fall after our arrival within a mile of us, and since this 
period have lived in the same neighborhood. With this family we have 
always lived in habits of intimacy, and friendship. 

At the time of my first acquaintance with the family of Mrs Donelson, 
that is in 1786, her daughter Mrs Roberts was then in Kentucky where 
she was settled, and married. In the year after this I became acquainted 
with her, having been brought down to this country by her Brother 
Samuel Donelson, who as I understood then, and have always since be- 
lieved, went after her, in consequence of the cruel treatment which she 
had received from her husband. upon her arrival here, I was introduced 
to her, and from the intimacy and confidence which soon prevailed be- 
tween us, I was convinced that the conduct of her husband was illiberal 
and unjust. I can safely say that the deportment of no lady ever seemed 
to me more guarded, or more free from those faults which usually give 
rise to jealousy and illwill. Some time after this Mr Roberts came to 
this county with the view of becoming reconciled again to his wife, as I 
understood; their differences were made up, by the interference of some 
of the relations of mrs Roberts, and they agreed to live together again, 
and did occupy, as I then heard, a separate house in the yard of Mrs Don- 
elson. It was at this period that the unhappy difference arose which 
caused another rupture between Mr and Mrs Roberts; the circumstances 
so far as I now recollect them, are as follows. Genl Jackson and Judge 
overton with some other young Gentlemen were boarding in the family 
of Mrs Donelson. Genl Jackson soon became the object of Mr Roberts’ 
jealousy and illwill, who seemed to indulge the same cruel suspicions in 
regard to the conduct of his wife which had led to their separation in 
Kentucky ; the effect of which was the voluntary withdrawal of the Genl 
from the family, while mr and mrs Roberts remained with it. Mr Roberts 
however did not long remain before he set out for Kentucky: whether 
with the intention of returning or not I do not know; but he was not long 
gone before it was understood that a divorce had been granted upon his 
application separating him from his wife. In this transaction, I can safely 
say, from my intimacy with both Mrs Donelson and Mrs Roberts, as well 
as Genl Jackson, that not the least censure ought to be thrown upon any 
person but Mr Roberts. When the circumstance happened this was the 
language of all the county; and I never heard until now that there was 
any person living, who had from a knowledge of the facts, entertained a 
different opinion, except Mr Roberts himself, in whose weak and child- 
ish disposition, I think, the whole affair originated. 

Done at my plantation in Sumner County Tennessee, this 21st of 
December, 1826 as witness my hand and signature 


The above statement was twice distinctly read to Mrs. Bowen; after 
which her name was signed by her son, in my presence, by her direction, 
alledging that her hand was so tremulous she could not well write it. 

W. B. Lewis 


December, 1826 327 


To Major Henry LEE. 


HERMITAGE, December 25, 1826. 

Sir, Your letter of the 2d of Oct. last from Quebec with that of 
18th Novr from Washington has been received: being absent on busi- 
ness to Alabama when they reached Nashville will account to you for 
the delay in acknowledging their receipt. 

The historical facts detailed in yours of the 2d October are highly 
interesting. The name of Wolfe must always live in the memory of every 
military Patriot, and every incident, therefore, of his life and death de- 
serve attention. I tender you my hearty thanks for the gratifying detail 
which you have given me of his last moments. 

Before the receipt of yours of the 18th November I had seen an- 
nounced in the newspapers that you were about to write my Biography. 
I will with great pleasure furnish you with any official, public, document 
necessary to you for this purpose, that you cannot obtain from Latour’s 
history of the southern campaign *—the cause shewn by me on a rule of 
the U states court at new orleans, why a writ of attachment should not 
issue against me; * my memorial to the senate of the U states on the sub- 
ject of the report of its committee touching the measures of the seminole 
War; * and the pamphlet written and laid on the tables of the members 
of congress in 18109, titled the vindication of the President and his com- 
manding generals in the prosecution and termination of the seminole war 
by a citizen of Tennessee ; * and the correspondence between the President, 
secretary of State and myself on the subject of the affair with Callava ° 
(the copy of one of the most important communications from me to the 
Secretary of state you will find in the hand of Genl Houston). of this 
correspondence, all that you may not be able to lay your hand on in Wash- 
ington, or obtain from my friend Majr Eaton will be furnished on appli- 
cation. But further than this, notwithstanding the confidence which I 
repose in your pledge, I cannot speak of myself, or relate anecdotes of 
myself which have not been worded by others—should I attempt this, 
the most secret recess, could not conceal my shame. 

As to the praise bestowed upon the militia at the Horse shoe, and the 
complaint of Col Williams rumoured to have been made, it will be sufh- 
cient to refer you to my communications to the commg Genl Pinckney 
and to the secretary of War on that subject; also to Genl Houston who 
was an active agent in the affair, and got severely wounded there. From 
these sources you will at once discern upon what foundation rests this 
charge against me. 

It is true that I wrote hastily those letters to Mr Monroe to which you 
refer, and that I never calculated that they would be published. the sacred 
confidence, however, which characterised them, served to increase the 
malignity of those who were anxious to destroy me, and the circum- 


1 Lacarriére de Latour, Historical Memoir, etc. 

2JIn Eaton’s, Jackson, pp. 450-4066. 

3 Am, St. Pap., Mil. Aff., 1. 754-760. 

4 By Judge Overton (Washington, 1819) ; see p. 167, ante, note I. 
5 Am. St. Pap., Misc., Il. 799-913. 


328 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


stance of incaution and looseness in the manner and substance encour- 
aged the hope that their publication would effect all that was desired. 
But they have been mistaken, whether from a sentiment of disapprobation 
to the base manner by which I was thus brought before the public, and 
from a conviction that the views submitted to Mr Monroe were in the 
main right, or the contrary, rests with the people. 

When I take a view, now, of the difference of duty operating on our 
citizens in a state of peace and War, the Constitution declaring our mili- 
tia the bulwark of the national defence, that in time of War the Presi- 
dent is commander in chief not only of the army and navy of the U states, 
but of the militia also when called into service, and that he is charged 
with the national defence; I cannot see upon what constitutional grounds 
he can be refused the power of punishing all delinquents who fail to 
comply with the legal orders of the government in the form and manner 
contemplated by the consitution and provided for by the Legislature in 
the rules and articles of War. 

It cannot be said that our Government is constitutionally incompetent 
to its own defence and protection in a state of War, so long as these pow- 
ers are admitted to be granted, and so long as in obedience thereto rules 
and articles for a state of war are declared to be in force, among which, 
in the 56th and 57th article I think it is written that all who aid the enemy 
or who hold correspondence with him, directly or indirectly, or who aid 
and comfort him in any way whatever, are made punishable with death 
by a courtmartial. Now if there be no mistake about the Powers referred 
to, and if there had been none in the Public prints, when they charged the 
Hartford convention with carrying on illicit correspondence with the 
enemy, by its agents, with a combination to disobey the calls of the Presi- 
dent, for the just quotas of militia, thereby paralysing the arm of govern- 
ment and aiding and assisting the enemy by with[d]rawing themselves 
illegally from the ranks of their country, I ask if the conduct as charged 
against the members of the Hartford Convention, and the correspondence 
with the British agents (if true) did not bring them within the purview 
and meaning of the 56th and 57th rules and articles of war—if not then 
they are a dead letter and ought to be expunged. Surely it cannot be con- 
tended that when we are in a state of declared war and the President 
makes a legal call for the militia that he is not clothed with the power 
thro the medium of the law martial to take cognizance of delinquents 
who fail to comply with the order—otherwise his power would be a mere 
letter, and altho entrusted with defence and preservation of the country, 
the force competent thereto might be witheld from him. These are my 
impressions of the powers of the Government when involved in war, and 
when our energies must be brought into instant action for its preserva- 
tion and safety. 

From these remarks your discriminating mind will easily collect to 
what extent my observations to Mr Monroe relative to the members of 
the Hartford convention went, and all that may be necessary to do jus- 
tice to the subject. I have not my confidential letters before me and there- 
fore forget the precise language used in them, but I have no hesitation in 


January, 1827 329 


saying that if I had been placed in command in that country by the orders 
of the President, I should have at once tried the strength of the Powers 
of the government in a state of war, Whether it was competent to wield 
its physical force in the defence of our country by punishing all con- 
cerned in combinations to aid the enemy and paralyse our own efforts. 
In this course if my judgement had been condemned, all good men would 
have at least commended the motion—wishing the joys of the season, 
respectfully yr mo obdt servt 


Sam Houston To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January, 1827. 

. . . . There is nothing said here of your “ confidential correspondence 
seeing the light ”, but I have not in my life seen a cause rising so fast 
as that of the people is, nor, one sinking faster, than the cause of a wicked, 
and corrupt coalition! Every movement tends to its more complete over- 
throw. Genl Coffee can give you particulars; which are too numerous to 
place on paper! The elections in Delaware, Missouri, and the certainty, 
that Van Buren, and the probability that Ellis of Mississippi,’ will be 
elected, has struck consternation into the “ Wigwam’, and desperation 
is their only hope!! 

Mr Randolph bears himself in the most manly, and noble mood, and 
is far above his former self! His enemies tremble, while his friends are 
delighted with him! Moore who attacked him in the legislature of Vir- 
ginia has got into difficulties, and will be compell’d to challenge Dr 
Crump; and no doubt will get worsted! Moore is a distant connexion of 
mine, as also of Col. Benton’s by his wife—neither of whom will take 
any part with him, but leave him, with Mr Clay, and his friends to take 


To THE SECRETARY OF THE Navy (SamveL L. SouTHarD). 


HERMITAGE, January 5, 1827. 
Sir. Being informed through a friend that at the table of Mr. John S 
Wellford of Fredericksburgh Virginia, the following conversation took 
place between you and Doctor J. H. Wallace, to wit, you asked Doctor 
Wallace upon what ground he supported the election of Genl Jackson to 


1 Powhatan Ellis, senator 1825-1826, 1827-1832. Van Buren was re-elected senator 
from New York. 


330 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the Presidency. With other reasons, the Doctor mentioned my services 
during the late War, to which you replied, “ that Mr Monroe and not Genl 
Jackson was entitled to the credit for the victory at New Orleans—that 
Just before our troops were ordered to New Orleans Genl Jackson left 
the army and was returning home when Mr. Monroe sent him. a prerem- 
tory order to return to the defence of that place, and that this, with other 
energetic measures of Mr Monroe was the salvation of New Orleans. 
Colo. Gray of that place who was present, asked “ where could that order 
be found” remarking, that it would be of importance’’. Mr Southard 
said, he did not know, but he had been informed such order was Issued 
and did exist. 

I have thought it my duty, not less to my own character, than to the 
high and responsible situation which you occupy, to address you stating 
the facts precisely as they have been communicated to me. A charge of so 
serious a nature as that implied in your declarations, as stated, to Doctor 
Wallace, it cannot be expected of me to pass without some notice, espe- 
cially, as it seems to be adopted as true by an executive branch of our 
government, and as an act of Justice you cannot be surprised when I de- 
mand of you the name of your informer, or the source thro which you 
have felt yourself warrented in making this statement; which I am com- 
pelled from principles of truth, to pronounce false and unfounded, and 
that nothing during my military command ever happened like it, nor can 
it be said with truth, that I ever left my army, or ever slept one night 
beyond the limits of my camp, so long as I had one, or that I ever was on 
the sick report, or asked for leave of absence during the whole time I 
held a military command. 

I have enclosed this letter to my friend Genl Houston, with the re- 
quest that he present it to you, and enclose your reply, which I have no 
doubt, you will promptly make. 

I have the honor to be very respectfully yr. mo. obdt. servt. 


SAM Houston TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 5, 1827. 

. .. + Two kind favors have come to hand from you, one before you 
visited Ala’ and one since your return. For each and both of them I 
thank you. Since the receipt of the last I have not seen Mr Randolph, but 
will on to day, when it will be fit to execute your suggestions. When I 
have seen him he has always been very polite, and enquiring for you with 
much interest. I presented you to him, which appeared to give him much 
pleasure. The business part of your letters shall be attended to, with 
pleasure so soon, as his election is over—which is daily expected. 

Mr R. throughout the session has been truly dignified, and silent, and 
I have heard his friends say, that he will rest his claims to a reelection 
on his last winters acts, and says he will stand, or fall by them, which by 
the by, I deem manly and honorable. He has surely never been so much 
himself, as he is this session, he is amiable, kind, and courteous to all he 
meets with. Times have been squally at Richmond, but his friends here 
say he will be elected easily, and it will be over in a few days, from this 


January, 1827 331 


time. The powers that be here, are greatly busied in trying to defeat his 
election, which will not help their cause in Virginia. 

Of matters generally at this place I have written to my friend Dr 
Shelby, requesting him to let you see my data so far as they are assumed 
by me! Mr McKinly* has arrived, and your friends here deem him, 
a good, and true man for the country! So far as I can judge, I woud say 
so too. Matters at this time here are surely favorable to a change in the 
administration, and as you will learn from my letter to Dr S. they are so 
elswhere. 

The baseness, and corruption of the present incumbents of power, 
woud displace men of more talents than what they possess. I have heard 
of some schemes, of Clay in the west, and have no doubt if he shoud by 
his agent Mr Hammond, prossecute them, but what he will most timously 
“meet retributive justice”’ and first from the hands, of an indignant 
and manly community!!! I have seen letters from Ohio, and Ky on this 
subject, and it was not until a week ago, that I knew of his Hellish de- 
signs; thro his base pandors, to be effected. 

You will see that they dare not attempt or rather, execute; what their 
foul souls have conceived, Tho’ the game is desperate. Like the wounded 
serpent, when they find that, their adversary, is beyond the reach of their 
fangs, they will be compelld, in the anguish of disappointment to strike 
themselves; and of their own poison—perish! You loose no friends, but 
gain daily! It will be so until the great day of deliverance to our country 
arrives. Dr. Floyd of Va.? is a devoted friend of yours, and indeed, 
almost all the Crawford men. Govrs. Branch, and Holmes of N Caro- 
lina with many others direct me to present their warmest regards to you! 


Hucu L. WuirTe To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 17, 1827. 

Dear Sir, On the 8th Instant in this city some of those disposed to com- 
memorate it, had a dinner, at which I was present; and in answer to a 
toast made some observations which you will have seen. It was my wish 
to glance rapidly at some of the leading events of the last war, without 
saying aught in your favor which truth did not justify, and without in 
malice alluding to the acts of the Administration.* I am this moment in- 
formed President Monroe feels himself not only injured but offended by 
what I said, and is preparing materials to shew, my statements untrue. 
Having said what I then believed and yet do believe was strictly true, in 
manner, and form, I shall certainly not change one Syllable, until con- 
vinced ’tis wrong. I ask the favor of you to run your eye over it, and 
if in any thing, I have done the Administration of that day, injustice, to 
point out in what that error consists. 

No matter by whom attacked, provided the man is respectable, I shall 
by all fair means sustain my statement without caring to whom it is 
offensive. 

With the highest respect I am, 


1 John McKinley, senator on Alabama 1826-1831. 

2 John Floyd, M C. 1817-1820. : F 

1 White's Ponares are noticed at length in the National Intelligencer, Jan. 9, 1827. See 
also Correspondence of John C. Calhoun, p. 243. 


332 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


VicrE-PRESIDENT CALHOUN TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, January 24, 1827. 

My dear Sir, I duly received your letter of the 18th July last, and, 
which I would have answered long since, had any event worthy of being 
communicated occurred. I cannot, however, to permit the opportunity, 
which the return of Genl. Coffee offers to pass without availing myself of 
it to renew our correspondence. He will make known the state of things 
here fully and accurately, which will supercede the necessity of details on 
my part; but I cannot but congratulate you and the country at the cer- 
tain termination of the present corrup[t] state on the 4th March 1829. 
I never did doubt its overthrow from the begining, because I firmly relied 
on the good sense and virtue of the people. This great foundation of our 
whole system has at all times, and under all circumstances been the basis 
of my hopes and actions. It has never yet failed me, and, I feel assured, 
will not in this instance. Every indication is in our favour, or rather I 
should say in favor of the country’s cause. The whole South is safe, with 
a large majority of the midle states, and even in New England strong 
symptoms of discontent and division now appear, which must daily in- 
crease. If events should continue to march on in the present direction, 
and I can see nothing to arrest them, the triumph of principle will be one 
of the most signal, that ever was achieved; and you will have the proud 
satisfaction of having restored in your name the great principles of popu- 
lar rights, which have been trampled down by the coalition. 

As to myself, it is my pride, that I have been the object of unceasing 
attack by the corrupt occupants of power. From the begining I saw the 
real character of the coalition, and the means, which it would adopt to 
perpetuate its power, among which was, if possible, my distruction; but 
I determined to have my danger on the side of liberty, and to sustain the 
whole weight of their attack, let the consequence be what it might to me. 
Finding all other attempts fail, a conspiracy the most base, and with 
a man guilty of forgery, swindling and perjury, was artfully got up to 
blast my private reputation.* I saw the assassins aim, and immediately 
appealed to the House, where alone, I could defend myself. A packed 
Committee was appointed, which has been sitting for three weeks, collect- 
ing irrelevent testimony, and hearing the testimony of a perjured wretch 
in order to bury the whole in an incongruous mass of suspicion, for the 
purpose of breaking the force of publick indignation. But it shall not 
avail them. Having through my whole life been governed by disinterested 
and patriotick feelings, I shall not permit my character to be stabed by 
conspirators, who would immolate me and my name, simply because I will 
not bow to power. 

Make my best respects to Mrs. Jackson, and believe me to be with sen- 
timent of great respect and esteem Yours etc 


To Sam Houston. 


HERMITAGE, January 27, 1827. 
.... I will [be] happy to hear of my letter to Mr Southard having 
reached you. Whilst living, I wish to put down that vile slander, and ex- 


* Referring to the affair of the Mix contract; Corr. of Calhoun, pp. 239, 701. 


February, 1827 333 


pose the slanderer (be he whom he may, and if such order, as aluded to, 
is on file, the villain who has placed it there, shall be unrobed whilst I am 
living, and the nation advised of the Treachery and hypocracy of their 
public functionaries. If it had passed unnoticed whilst I was living, when 
dead, it would have been said, if not true, why had this thing not been 
enquired into whilst I was living. We have an evidence in Mr Calhouns 
case, I admire his course, it was one worthy of him, his promptness in 
adopting it has astounded his enemies, now says the hired presses, It was 
improper to stir this thing in congress, it will delay public business etc. 
etc. had he not, it would have been circulated like lightning, recorded in 
all the ministerial prints, and hereafter would be said, If not guilty why 
had he not applied for investigation. he has applied, and I for one re- 
joice at it. public officers, ought not only to be honest but unsuspected, 
and when any charge emanating from or through, any of the departments 
ought to be investigated promptly—hence my anxiety to hear that my 
letter to Mr Sec Southard has reached you. Mrs. J. Joins me in good 
wishes believe me yr friend. .... 


To JAMES BUCHANAN.* 


HERMITAGE, January 29, 1827. 

. . . . I suspect the administration begin to perceive the necessity of 
public confidence without which it is an arduous undertaking to execute 
the solemn duties confided by the constitution to the chief magistrate. 
The Panama “ bubble” and the loss of the trade with the British west 
Indies are the result of this defect in the Cabinet, for it cannot be supposed 
that such reputed diplomatists would have committed errors so obvious 
had not some influence stronger than the public good operated upon their 
minds. My hope, however, is that the wisdom of Congress may remedy 
these blunders, and that my friends the “ factious opposition”, may in 
your own language never forget the support due to the country. I had 
predicted from the movements of Seargeant and Rochester * that the Pan- 
ama subject was done with, and that the charge of factious opposition 
would be hushed, but it appears that I was miistaken—Tacabayou is to 
be the theatre on which these mighty projects are to be unfolded—alas, 
what folly & weakness 

Present me to my friend Mr. Kremer and believe me very respectfully 
yr. mo. obdt. Servt. 


Major ALLAN CAMPBELL TO JACKSON. 


LouisviLLe, February 4, 1827. 
Dear Genl. I have given you the annexed list, for the purpose of en- 
abling you, if you should think proper, to write to certain men in this 
state, and at the same time, to give you the best data now at command, 
from which to estimate your present strength in Kentucky. 


1 Hist. Soc. Pa., Buchanan Papers. Printed in Writings of James Buchanan, ed. J. B. 


Moore, I. 237. he 
2j ohn Se eats envoy to the Congress at Tacubaya, William R. Rochester, secretary. 


334 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To defeat, or check the purposes of the aristocracy, it became indis- 
pensibly necessary for the Republicans, to have recourse to extraordinary 
means and exertions. I therefore originated, and with the cooperation 
of about half a dozen, intelligent and zealous friends, carryed into full 
and successful operation last year, a plan, or System of Committees, from 
a Principle or Central Committee at Louisville, down to Sub-Committees 
into every ward of the Town, and Captains Company in the Country. In 
the execution of which, our Sub-Committees not only kept the secret so 
well, that our adversaries remained entirely-ignorent and secure, until 
overwhelmed in disgraceful [ruin] but likewise went so far in detail, in 
the [regu]lar reports, as to give the names of each voter, how each would 
vote, both on the local and National questions. By which I find, that in 
Jefferson and Oldham Counties (which vote togeather) seven eighths of 
the New Court, and three eighths of the Old Court voters, will at this 
time support you for the next U. S. Presidency. 

The organization of this Committee Plan, so as to embrace the whole 
state, has already been commenced by your friends, and it is expected 
to be in full and successful operation, before the next August elections, 
with a view not only to your elevation, but likewise to the resuscitation 
and success, of our local Republican cause or question. ... . 


To Hucxu L. Waite. 


HERMITAGE, February 7, 1827. 

My Dear Sir, I have Just recd. your letter of the 17th ult and hasten 
to answer it. I had before its receipt seen and read your address to the 
assembly who were celebrating the 8th of January last in the city. feeling 
the obligation I was under for your kindness in representing me at that 
festive board, I had requested my friend Major Eaton to present you 
with my gratefull thanks for your kindness on that occasion. I can assure 
you, I was not prepared to hear that any thing you had said, would have 
given offence to Mr Monroe, for however much he might have thought 
that my services had been overated by you, still he had often seen him- 
self eulogized for aid afforded in the defence of the lower country which 
had never been given, without anything said by me, and without giving 
me any heart burnings. 

Mr Monroe, has often heard through the public presses as much praise 
ascribed to me for the defence of the lower country as has been spoken by 
you; and why was he silent then, and offended now. he ought to be silent, 
for he does know that orders Issued by the Sec of War were witheld from 
me, alltogether important for the defence of the lower country, and that 
I was entirely destitute of funds, but what I procured at my own respon- 
sibility late in octbr 1814 that enabled me to march on Pensacola and 
dislodge the British and Indians, and he does know, that the proper means 
of defence was neglected to have been furnished me; I was only pre- 
vented from making a full expose of the destitute state of the means of 
defence in which that section of country was left by the goverment, and 
that it was only preserved by the kindness of an overruling providence 
and the vigilence and great exertions made by those engaged in its de- 


February, 1827 335 


fence. But upon cool reflection and the advice of a sage, I forebore, recol- 
lecting that it might detract from the national charecter, that it was my 
pride and boast to exalt. I cannot therefore believe, that Mr Monroe will 
appear before the public, unless indeed he has been under the rose, aiding 
the coalition to destroy my force, and inducing the Sec of the Navy at 
public dinners, to pronounce that he Mr Monroe is entitled to all the credit 
of the defence of Orleans, and whilst I was arrested in my desertion 
from the army by Mr Monroes energetic 'order. 

should I find Mr Monroe engaged in such a base course, which I hope 
I never shall, I will unrobe his hypocricy and strip him, of much of his 
borrowed plumage. altho I have had many warnings of his duplicity, 
still I cannot believe that he has hitched himself to the car of the coalition. 
if he has, I will not only furnish you with the means for your defence, 
but will lay all facts before the nation, who will then Judge the admints- 
tration by its acts, and determine how far the military skill, its orders, 
and means furnished for defence of the lower country by the goverment, 
merit applause or censure—for it is certainly true that the lower country, 
was left without the proper means of defence altho timely notice was had 
by our goverment to have furnished them, if proper vigilence had been 
used. 

Whether blame was to be ascribed to the Department of War, or to its 
subordinates, is for them to settle amonghst themselves, I will detail a few 
facts, and you can Judge how far you have done injustice to the then 
administration, and how far Mr Monroe has Just ground of complaint, 
and I refer you to Mr Edward Livingston who was an active agent with 
me in the defence of New-orleans, who will Testify to the total want of 
means furnished by the goverment. 

Now to the facts. In the month of June 1814 I transmitted to the sec 
of war documents sent to me by express informing that the British force 
was at Pensacola, in full command of the Town and was organising and 
diciplining the hostile Indians and furnishing them with supplies, and 
exciting them to war on our frontier borders, and requesting the sec of 
war to furnish me with the necessary orders, on the fact found as stated 
to be true, to march and expell them. It appears, that the then Sec of War 
Genl Armstrong on the 18th of July 1814, Issued a discretionary order 
authorising me, if the British was in Pensacola etc. etc., to enter and ex- 
pell them, as we had a right to do, on the broad principles of self defence. 
This order never reached me untill after peace was declared, altho I have 
been informed by a friend, to whom Genl Parker, then adjt Genl and 
Inspector said that he had put this letter himself in the post office and on 
the next day had seen it on the table of Mr Monroe then sec of State. 
See Major Eaton on this subject. 

After sending the sec of war the forgoing documents, being on my 
way to receive the submission of the Hostile creeks at Ft Jackson agre- 
able to the orders of the goverment, I dispatched my faithfull spy Capt 
John Gordon to Pensacola who returned and reported to me at Ft Jack- 
son on the 10th of August. on that day I wrote the sec of war, that from 
the report of my confidential agent sent to Pensacola, that it was true 
that the British was in compleat possession of Pensacola, their flag flying 


24 


336 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


on the Spanish forts, and the Indians armed and uniformed by them, 
and all in readiness to make an attack upon us. This was acknowledged 
to have been recd by Mr Monroe, then sec of war, of date 7th of Septbr, 
no order to expell the enemy, who was concentrating all their force 
there to invade us, or quarter masters stores, or funds to procure them, 
to enable me to operate and destroy them before their reinforcements 
daily expected Joined them. On the 27th of August I recd. confidentially, 
information on which I relied, of the sailing from Plymoth, and the con- 
centration of a very formidable force by Great Britain to invade Mobile 
and Neworleans. This required every exertion in my power and the 
goverments, to meet the approaching crisis, and if possible strike the 
enemy at Pensacola and destroy or expell him before reinforcements 
arrived. 

I immediately dispatched by express to the sec of war the information 
received, made requisitions on the governors of Tennessee Mississippi, 
Louisiana, for all the Troops I was then authorised to call for by the govt. 
viz, from Tennessee 2500 infantry, Mississippi, 500, and Louisiana, 1000, 
and wrote to Govr Shelby and appealled to his patriotism for aid in this 
trying emergencey—and on my own responsibility made an appeal to my 
old vollunteers in Tennessee to repair to the defence of the Eagles of 
their country that was [mutilated] me on my own responsibility, fifty 
thousand dollars to enable me to commence opperations and to expell the 
enemy from Pensacola before the expected reinforcements arived, which 
was necessary to be done before I could leave that section of my com- 
mand and repair to N. Orleans. I had given the necessary orders to Colo. 
McCrea and Governor Claibour[n] to have Neworleans placed in the 
best state of defence the means in their reach would permit. Genl Coffee 
reached me on the 28th of Octbr. preceded by Colo. Butler and quarter- 
master Thomas Camp, with $25.000 procured from the Nashville Bank. 
This enabled me to commence opperations. 

I marched for Pensacola, and stormed it on the morning of the 7th of 
Novbr. 1814 and on the 14 of Novbr. made report of this opperation to 
the sec of war. Note, it was Genl Coffees corps, brought into the field, on 
my own responsibility armd and equipped by your own exertions and the 
funds procured [on my] own responsibility and the aid of friends, that 
enabled me by this movement to clear the left flank of my district from 
the enemy and enabled me to move with Genl Coffees Brigade on the 
22d of Novbr. for Orleans ordering the Genl to Baton rouge there to 
remain for orders. With this Brigade, the regulars about 500 strong, 
faced the uniformed Batalions of . Genl Coffee by a forced 
march of one hundred and twenty miles in two days reached me in time 
to fight the enemy on his center. I would like to be informed what great 
agency the Govrt. had in these movements, it is true, that some time in 
Octbr. the General goverment placed in the hands of Govr. Blount, one 
hundred thousand dollars in Treasury notes which enabled him to move 
the last requisition from Tennessee, who by a providential act, the rise 
of the water and the great exertions of the officers who lead them reached 


1 Four lines mutilated so that they cannot be read. 


February, 1827 337 


me at a happy moment to repell the enemy, but would have been entirely 
destitute of arms had it not have been that Genl Carroll falling in with a 
boat with arms, placed under a guard, and compelled it on, gave his divi- 
sion and Genl Coffees brigade a small supply. Note—Genl Coffees men 
were armed but the wet weather and no tents, they became very rusty 
and damp the springs of the locks broke. 

I had written to the Sec of War on the 5th and 8th of Septbr. 1814 
that the British with their alies and [mutilated] were preparing to attack 
[mutilated], and begging him for orders to expell them—still silent— 
I wrote him again on the 17th of Septbr. informing him of the com- 
bined attack by sea and land of Ft Bow[y]er, by the British and Indian 
force, and of their repulse and retreat to Pensacola, and of my intention 
so soon as I had a force competant that I would strike the enemy in his 
hold at Pensacola. The sec of war had wrote me on 27th August 
rece[i]pt of mine of august 23d, 24, 25th and 27th—still no orders to 
attack the British in Pensacola. I send you a copy of this letter, that you 
may be able to contrast it with his letter of the 16th of Decbr, and his 
orders of the 7th to genl Gains and the Genl report of the 4th of Febry 
1815—hereafter noted. you will discover, that I was daily bringing to 
the view of the goverment the necessity of expelling the enemy from 
Pensacola and thereby give security to this District, before which, I could 
not proceed to Neworleans, which in all my letters on that head I kept 
the Sec advised, that and that alone was my object and the moment it 
could be effected, I would with the Vollunteers of Genl Coffee repair to 
cover and defend N. O. 

Let it be remembered, that the requisition from Tennessee were in- 
fantry, they were ordered to Mobile, they were mostly from East Ten- 
nessee, had not arrived, and I had no force to spare from the defence of 
that section untill the British was beaten from our border, or untill the 
East Tennessee troops and those afterwards ordered for its defence had 
arrived. had I left that section of country before I had expelled the 
enemy from Pensacola, our frontier borders would have been deluged 
with blood, Ft Bowyer taken, Mobile and our whole country overrun by 
the British and Indians and a lodgement made on the Mississippi at the 
chikesaw Bluff, the supplies for the lower country, from the upper en- 
tirely cut off, and the lower country § information the Govr. had 
received that Louisiana was to be attacked through Mobile. such was my 
information, and such my anxiety to receive orders to that effect, but 
seeing that the Salvation of my country depended upon this movement, 
I was determined under every responsibility to make it expell the enemy 
from Pensacola before their reinforcement arrived and cut off all sup- 
plies. this I did, and preserved Neworleans and Mobile both. 

I ask what aid did the Govrt. give me in this movement—let us see, 
I have said before that I had recd. the first and only funds on the 22d of 
Octbr. and on the 7th of Novbr. I entered and reduced Pensacola, and 
no military man I am sure will say but this movement was the only 


2 Two lines here are illegible. 
3 Two and a half lines illegible through mutilation. 


338 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


movement to preserve my country and to enable me to repair to defend 
and cover Neworleans. Mr Monroe writes me on the 7th of Decbr, that 
he has recd. mine of the 23. and 31 of Octbr, and hopes, that his of 
21st of Octbr had reached me in time to prevent me from marching on 
Pensacola, and if I had to deliver it, saying I had only entered it to free 
it from British violation—read the letter referred to and you will see he 
was altogether for negotiation with Spain and the order Issued by Sec 
Armstrong still witheld from me. I send youa copy of this letter for your 
perusal and information. I will barely remark, he as a military man from 
the information I had given him could not suppose, that I charged with 
the defence of the lower mississippi, if I knew any thing of military 
matters, would or could leave that section of country whilst the British 
were organising and concentrating their force to invade Louisi’a through 
Mobile? a military man, retire from the point the enemy was concen- 
trating to invade, leave him unmolested in his preparation, retire to an- 
other section of country where the enemy had not appeared and leave 
the enemy an open march to the banks of the mississippi—where with 
the overwhelming force of the enemy he could have cut off all supplies 
from the country, and all below must have surrendered at discretion. I 
did not pursue this course, I had a carefull eye over neworleans intending 
to anticipate him so soon as he unmask this to be his view. Therefore as 
soon as I had expelled the British from Pensacola, I set out for and 
reached Neworleans on the first day of Decbr, 1814, having seperated 
from Genl. Coffee, ordering him to Baton Rough, myself taking a re- 
conesance of the Gulph and lakes to see whether an enemy could land 
and penetrate to the rear and to the river above Neworleans, and to give 
orders for stock of all kind to be removed from coast into the interior to 
be put beyond the supply of the enemy. 

My first object of inquiry on reching N. O. was to see and examine 
into the state of the arsnal and to my great surprise and mortification 
found it destitute of every means of formidable defence—no field artil- 
lery in readiness for the field but two Twelve pounders one g inch 
Howitzer 2 6 lbs, and not one piece of Batering Cannon on carriages, 
and none of any kind of corse calliber but what belonged to the Navy— 
no spades or intrenching tools, no arms but what were already in the 
hands of the militia fit for service, and no flints, and but few musquet 
catridges, and fixed amunition, and but 25 artillerist in the arsnal, and 
these 25, the only artillerist that we had to work our batteries before the 
enemy. all these def[e]nces, were to be made and procured somehow, 
and our cannon of large cannon procured from the Navy, and mounted. 
these belonged to the blockship on her stocks at or near Madison‘ and 
brought across the bay. 

Thus situated, I was looking up the river for arms and ordinance and 
ordinance stores, requisitions have[ing] been made as early as Septbr. 
1814, and acknowledged to have been recd, and that the requisition 
should be filled. when the steamboat from Pittsburgh arived, and re- 
ported no arms, ordinance or ordinance stores on the way, that a propo- 


* Madisonville, La., on the Chefuncte River, near its mouth, on the north shore of Lake 
Pontchartrain. 


February, 1827 339 


sition had been made by the Supercargo to bring the arm and stores for 
75/100 pr ct, and obligate himself to deliver them to me at Neworleans 
in 18 days. This offer was rejected by the Capt of Ordinance at Pitts- 
burgh and the arms freighted by a Mr Maples, who it appeared was a 
kind of merchant Pedlar, at 50/100 pr ct, with priviledge to barter his 
goods on the way for wheat, etc. etc. and it did appear before the Court 
Martial before whom he was brought, that he had stoped at Louisville, 
and had a cargo of wheat ground into flower—and producing his articles 
entered into with the Capt of Ordinance at Pittsburgh Mr Maples was 
acquitted, these proceeding sent to the Dept of War, with a request from 
me that the agent should be arrested and punished for this conduct. This 
was not done—see my letter and proceedings of courtmartial in the war 
office at the city. It is believed, I write from memory, that Capt Woolly 
of ordinance, instead of being punished was retained in the service at the 
reduction of the army on the peace establishment. 

Thus situated without arms or flints and the enemy on our borders, it 
was made known to me that the Baratarians, on promise of pardon, on 
evidence of good conduct, would submit, and furnish us with all the arms 
and flints in their possession. I readily gave my assent to this proposition 
and through my volunteer aid Mr Edward Livingston the arangement 
was effected, and I procured from them 7500 flints for pistols and board- 
ing peaces, which was solely the supply of flints for all my militia and if 
it had not been for this providential aid the country must have fallen. I 
refer you to Mr E. Livingston of the House of Representatives for a 
detailed information on this and all other circumstances relative to the de- 
fence of Neworleans. I ask again, why has, or how can your address have 
raised the ire of Mr Monroe, when we find a country as important as 
Neworleans is, and its importance adverted to in his letter of 1oth of 
Decbr to me—left so exposed and destitute of the means of Defence. If 
these facts and circumstances does not Justify, they ought to excuse your 
expression as it respects myself. I ask where is their one solitary act done 
by the sec of war to aid in the defence of the lower country but his au- 
thority to make the requisitions on the states—and forwarding to Govr. 
Blount 100, o00$ in Treasury notes. where is the order by the sec of War 
to his agents to send on arms and other munitions of War for the mili- 
tia—Where the punishment afflicted upon the subordinate for disobedi- 
ence of the orders of the Dept, for not forwarding on supplies agreable to 
requisitions and when Mr Monroe was informed, as he was, that militia 
from Tennessee could be got, but there were not arms to put into their 
hand. see copy of Major Lewis certificate inclosed.’ I hold it the duty of 


5 This certificate is not preserved, but the substance is perhaps contained in the following 
extract from a letter from Lewis to Jackson, Feb, 10, 1827: F . ; 

“On the first day of September 1814 I left Nashville for Washington city, and arrived 
there about the 28th, I think, of the same month. After I had been in the city a day or 
two Genl. Parker, then principal clerk in the War Office, called on me and observed that 
Col. Monroe, who was then acting as Secretary of War, was desirous of seeing me. I told 
him that I would do myself the pleasure of calling on him Mr. Monroe at any time it 
would be convenient for him to see me. Genl, Parker then requested me to call at 
Col. Monroe’s office on the next day at a certain hour, which I did and was, if I mistake not, 
introduced to Mr. Monroe by him. After some conversation of a general nature, with 
regard to the Western country, Mr. Monroe observed to me that the government either 
had, or was about to make a requisition on the Governor of Tennessee for 5,000 drafted 


340 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


all superiors, in military opperations, not only to give orders, but to know 
that there orders are carried into effect, and particularly when an impor- 
tant section of our country was invaded with such an overwhelming 
force. 

It may be well asked If I did not create the means of defence, from 
whence did it come—was it furnished by the War Dept, no — or by 
whom besides me and my officers who were with me. I not only created 
the most of the mean of defence of the lower country but at my own 
responsibility the means to get those brave men home again who had so 
nobly aided me in its defence, I had to make arangements with the Banks 
on my own responsibility for fifty thousand dollars to get the Troops 
home. I drew bills on goverment, being so authorised, my bills were pro- 
tested and sent back—the first and only bills of mine ever protested, these 
bills were afterwards taken up by the Govert. 

I cannot close this long narative without stating, that from the time 
I left Mobile I never recd. a communication from the Govrt. untill the 
18th of Febry when I recd. under cover of Lieut Smith of artillery of 
the 7th Febry 1815 a Duplicate of Mr Monroes letter to me of the roth 
of Decbr 1814 ° from the tenor of these letters, the time of recpt. being 
marked by express. I inclose copies for your information, as well as my 
answer on the moment of its receipt, on the 18th of Fbry 1815. I also 
inclose you a copy of the Sec of Wars order to Genl Gains of 7th Decbr. 
1814 and the Genls Report to me the 4th of Febry 1815. I wish you to 
compare these carefully, particularly that part of Genl Gains report when 
he says he had solic[it]ed indulgence to spend three weeks in Tennessee, 
but meeting the newspaper at the mouth of cumberland etc. etc. etc. he 
hastened etc. etc. to me—and see whether you can draw any other con- 
clusion but both the order to Genl Gains, and Mr Monroes dispatch to 
me of Decbr roth 1814 were Issued for the purpose of having in the war 
office on file, believing for the want of the proper means of Defence New 
Orleans had fallen and myself with it. I add Major Lewis Certificate, 
which leaves no room for Mr Monroe to get out of the delemma of 
either himself or his Subordinate neglecting their duty, one of whom 
if Orleans had fell ought to have sufferred death for this shear and I 
might add criminal neglect, leaving such a place as Orleans so destitute 


militia and on Kentucky for 2,500, and enquired of me if I thought there would be 
any difficulty in getting so large a number of troops into the field from Tennessee. I 
replied I thought not; but at the same time observed that I apprehended the greatest 
difficulty would be in procu[r]ing arms for them, that I was sure they could not be had in 
Tennessee, and unless provided by the general government a large proportion of the 
men would march without arms. This I told him I was confident would be the case in our 
state; and that I had every reason to belive it would also be the case in Kentucky, as 
there was a general scarcity of arms, (such as ought to be placed in the hands of a 
soldier,) in the Western country. I well recollected the difficulty there had been in pro- 
cu[r]ing arms for the Militia ordered into service du[rling the creek campaign, indeed 
after every exertion that could be made, to procure arms, a large number of the men 
marched against the enemy without any. Having a personal knowledge of these facts, I 
was particularly anxious to impress upon the mind of the Secretary of War the neces- 
sity of providing the men with arms. Col. Monroe observed to me, as well as I now 
recollect, that arms either had, or would be sent to Orleans for them. This conversation 
took place in the early part of October 1814.” 
8 See vol. II., pp. 110, 173. 


February, 1827 341 


of the means of defence.’ I just add a copy of Capt Woollys letter of the 
18th January 1815 and he say the supply sent is without order or requi- 
sition. let it not be forgot that a requisition had been made in Sept 1814 
and recpt acknowledged. This letter speaks Vollumes that the Govt. 
believed I was gone and the supplies if sent would fall into the hands 
of the enemy, but I beg you to examine the supplies, I had required 32lb 
and 24ds, he send 6 prs and fixed amunition for 4ds.—one other fact and 
I close, that my men for the want of Shotpouches or catridgeboxes had 
to tie a string around their middle, and carry their catridges in their 
boosoms. 

I have stated a few facts, you can now Judge how much penance you 
owe to the administration of that day for the injury Mr Monroe com- 
plains of—should Mr Monroe come out, and really for his own sake, I 
wish him to keep silent, when I see the ground that he assumes, there 
are still [some] facts if necessary to sustain [you] in what you have 
said. Still I hope he will have prudence to be silent. It may be that he 
assumes the stand taken in terrorum to shield Mr Southard from the 
delicate situation in which he has placed himself by a public declaration 
at Fredericksburgh Va. I hope and trust he cannot be the author of Mr 
Sec Southards declarations, which I have stated positively untrue. If 
he is, notwithstanding the regret I will ever feel to find Mr Monroe act- 
ing hypocritically, or giving out intimations unfounded and untrue to 
effect my charecter under the auspices of sincere and professed friend- 
ship, he cannot he must not expect me to be silent. 

On the receipt of this I wish you to converse with Mr E. Livingston 
who can vouch for the want of every means of proper defence when I 
came to orleans 

I am respectfully yr friend 


Joun H. Eaton To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 8, 1827. 

.... Your letter I say has been recvd and read—I am glad to be pos- 
sessed of the sentiments it contains. To Judge White it has been shown, 
and to none else; and those were his remarks, which I offer to you be- 
cause they have force and reason and good sense . . . . “ The generals 
vews ” says he, “ are certainly good; but then upon this subject there is 
no necessity of his giving any opinion. He is called upon by no one, and 
if he should be, let him not answer, for inasmuch as his votes upon this 
subject are matter of publicity and known, none should ask for informa- 
tion about that, which his public life already sufficiently dis[c]loses. His 
frends will not care to enquire, and those who shall enquire will do it 
for no other vew than to see if something against him can not be pro- 
duced and made public. I could wish therefore that the general should 
not in any way commit himself in opinion upon any subject, that when he 
comes in, he may be entirely free to shape his course accordingly as his 
views in referrence to the best interest of the Country may dictate to him 


7 Against the latter part of this sentence Jackson has written in the margin the word 
“ softened.” 


342 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


to be right”. . . . I think the reasoning good, and such as should have 
its effect; for indeed such are the veiws or rather conduct of many that 
for political interest and gain to themselves they would rejoice in any 
thing to be said, or published by you out of which they could make a noise. 
I shall therefore show your vews to none, but retain them as a relick of 
my own; and I hope that should any one write you on this, or any other 
political subject, you will forbear to place yourself upon paper, resting 
in confidence in this, that the application is for occult purposes and to 
be used if possible against you. There is nothing in the shape of ingenuity 
to devise, that they will not essay against you, and for this obvious rea- 
son, that they now plainly and certainly discover that you must and will 
consign them to retirement and private life. I know of nothing that can 
prevent it, if health is preserved; and as the Country and its interest is 
vitally concerned I again say, what heretofore I have said to you, that 
to forbear all political letters, enquiries and discussions is the true policy. 
Be still—Be at home is the great and open path to tread, heedless of what- 
ever may be said or done by any of the “ corrupt crew”. .... 

I sent you to day the Presidents declaration of War against Geo.* it 
produces no ferment here; it is understood to be a tub to the whale, to 
divert public opinion from them. None are so silly to believe that this 
Civil administration, and Civil cabinets who so oft have denounced mil. 
cheiftains will raise the sword against a soverign State: the thing is 
too preposterous and absurd for belief. Will he send his little army of 
6,000, they will be eat up before they get to Georga, while the mil’a of 
the So and west will never arm in such a cause. How idle then for peicable 
men like our present rulers who so often have denounced mil. cheiftains, 
to talk of War, and upon their own citisens. If the laws be not strong 
enough let the laws be amended and the Judiciary settle the matter—not 
the bayonette. 


SECRETARY SOUTHARD TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, February 9, 1827. 

Sir, Your unsealed letter of the 5th Jany was handed to me, in my 
Office, on the 3rd of this month, by Genl. Houston, with the remark, 
that he had received it as an enclosure from you, on the preceding day. 
Disposed to regard it only as an enquiry, dictated by the persuasion, that 
you have been injured, and feeling that I have done you no intentional 
wrong, I cheerfully give such explanation as is in my power. 

About the first of July last, I was at the private table of my friend 
John S. Wellford, in Fredericksburg, in company with five or six of his 
immediate neighbors, who, I beleive, had been invited to spend an hour 
or two with me after the cloth was removed. There was much conver- 
sation on a variety of subjects, occasionally, political. That part of it 
which related to Mr. Monroe and yourself, was probably the foundation 
of the tale which has been borne to you. You will perceive, from the time 
and place, that it was, in no aspect, official. I do not profess to have a 


1 Georgia Message of Feb. 5. Richardson, II. 370-373. 


February, 1827 343 


very distinct recollection of every part of it—particularly of the lan- 
guage used. No effort was made to retain it in my memory because I was 
not aware of the presence of any one who would seize such a time and 
occasion to treasure it up, for future use. I can rely on memory however, 
for the substance of what was said. 

I cannot recollect that I asked Dr Wallace upon “ what ground he sup- 
ported the election of General Jackson to the Presidency ’’—The ques- 
tion would have been superfluous, as the Doctor’s habit of talking upon 
that subject, has rendered the enquiry unnecessary, for anyone who 
has fallen in with him, at least, since his visit to Washington during the 
winter before last. I am also satisfied that he did not then, or at any time, 
state “ other reasons ”’, besides “‘ your services during the late war’, as I 
feel very sure, that he has never, in my presence, given any other than 
one reason for his choice—The battle of New Orleans. 

I have no hesitation in denying to you the statements of my remarks, 
as they are presented in your letter—And assuring you, that I have never 
charged you with neglect or desertion of your military duties—nor de- 
nied to you the merit and glory of fighting the battle of new Orleans. 
But as a conversation relating to that subject did occur, at the private 
table of Mr. Wellford, and as it may have been misunderstood, and has 
certainly been mis-represented, I think proper to give you my recollection 
of it, and feel the more confidence in my correctness because I then in- 
tended to express what I have frequently expressed elsewhere, and what 
I have always beleived to be in conformity with the truth of history. 

The conversation was, on this point, commenced and principally sus- 
tained by others. In its progress some one, probably Dr. Wallace, re- 
marked that the battle of N. Orleans was proof that Genl Jackson was 
fit for any station. Some other answered, that fighting no one battle 
could be proof of fitness for high Civil stations. The reply was, that 
it was not the fighting of the battle alone but also providing the materials 
and preparing the means for it—that this had been left to his unaided 
exertions—the War Department having neglected to make the prepara- 
tions and left him without arms means or money. I think I had not before 
this, taken part in the Conversation, but considering this view of the 
subject as extremely unjust to Mr. Monroe who had been Secretary of 
War at the time, to whom I have long professed a strong personal attach- 
ment, and for whose virtues I felt reverence, as I did gratitude for his 
services to the Country, I thought it my duty to say in substance that my 
impression of what had occurred, at that period, was different, that I 
did not think Genl J. had been left in the manner represented, that all 
which could be done, had been done, after Mr Monroe came into the De- 
partment, that his exertion and devotion to his duties at that time, had 
nearly destroyed his life, that he early discovered or foresaw that N. 
Orleans would be attacked, and informed Genl Jackson of it, and pro- 
vided such troops and arms as he could to meet the emergency, that he 
had learned that Genl J,s health was bad, and he and the President were 
extremely anxious, lest this cause should induce him to return to Ten- 
nessee, or he should remain so long in Florida as to prevent him from 
reaching N Orleans in time to prepare for its defence, that urgent and 


344 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


pressing letters were sent to hasten him to that point, And that I beleived 
the means provided, the information given and the orders sent, enabled 
Genl. Jackson to fight the battle and to fight it successfully, that without 
Mr. Monroe’s exertions it could not probably have been won, as it was 
won. But I did not deny to you the merit of fighting the battle well; or 
making every possible exertion to prepare for it, nor fail to give you the 
high praise which was your due. My object was to vindicate Mr. Monroe, 
and was not then, nor has it been, at any time, to depreciate your military 
exploits. They form a part of our national glory which I have no incli- 
nation to tarnish. 

It is not improbable, that Colo. Gray did ask where the letters or orders 
which I mentioned, were to be found, and that I did answer that I could 
not tell except it might be in the War Dept., but that I understood, and 
had no doubt, that they did exist. 

You will not, after this narrative, expect me to give the name of any 
informer. My information, whether correct or otherwise, was derived 
from the various sources, verbal, written and printed, from which my 
knowledge of the history of that day is drawn. As you request, I shall 
inclose this letter to Genl Houston that he may forward it. 

I am Sir respectfully etc 


JAMES HAMILTON, JR., TO JACKSON.* 


WASHINGTON, February 16, 1827. 

. .. . Lam delighted to inform you that the cause of the people which 
is but another name for your cause is gaining ground rapidly, rather too 
fast for the time we have ahead, as such unexampled progress I fear will 
either induce our friends to relax their exertions, or attract by an in- 
direct reaction some public sympathy for Mr Adams. 

The Buck tail or Republican party are beginning to move in NewYork. 
Van Buren the first man in that State is zealously cordially and entirely 
with us. He travels to the South with me after the adjournment to spend 
his Spring in Carolina and Georgia, and next Summer I shall join him 
at the North, and pass it with our friends. 

God be praised Genl, we have all the tokens of a glorious Victory, and 
that the outrage on the Constitution perpetrated in your person will be 
atoned thro’ the same medium. 

All we ask of you is to keep in good health and keep quiet, a grateful 
Country will do all the rest. 

With the greatest veneration and esteem 


To Mayor WituiAM B. Lewyis.? 


; HERMITAGE, February 18, 1827. 
D’y Major, I have recd. through the Postmaster Genl. Mr. Sec. South- 
ards answer to my letter to him thro Genl. H. I have prepared an answer 


1 James Hamilton, jr., of South Carolina, sometimes known as “the Nullifier”. In 1827 
he was a member of the national House of Representatives. 

1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Transcript. Original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library. 
This letter shows the relation between Jackson and Lewis at the time. Jackson’s tone is 
that of the leader. It contradicts the view, for which Parton was chiefly responsible, that 
Lewis took the lead. : 


March, 1827 345 


and wish to forward it by next Sundays mail. before I do, I would 
be glad to see you, and have conversation with you, on one point. I can- 
not come down having no horse that I can ride. Will you come up, and 
bring with you the letter, that will enable me to write to Mrs, Ayres, and 
if you come please bring with you any letters and papers that may be in 
the Post Office. 

I am respectfully, Yr. friend 


To SECRETARY SOUTHARD.? 


HERMITAGE, March 6, 1827. 
Sir. I have recd your letter of the oth ult, in answer to mine of the 5th 
of January under cover of your subsequent letter of the 16th of February. 
On the receipt of the written statement of Dr. Wallace, affirmed to be 
substantially true by Mr. Johnston who was present, I addressed you, 
and from the high and dignified station which you then, and still hold, 
I had a right to expect a frank and candid answer giving the source thro 
which you derived information so positively expressed, and where the 
order Issued by Mr Monroe, that brought me to Neworleans was to be 
found. This from one of the heads of the Department of our gover[n]- 
ment was not too much to look for. I had not asked for your historical 
knowledge, or for your opinion of Doctor Wallace, or of Mr Johnston 
who is not a neighbour of Mr Willford as advised, or any other gentle- 
men who were present, believing that all must have been gentlemen and 
men of truth who were associated with you at the party. I asked you for 
a frank answer, not an argumentative one which to my mind always car- 
ries with it the want of sincerity. As you are at the head of that chivalric 
corps, the Navy, to whose exploits the glory of our country is so much 
indebted, I believed that you would have answered Just as one of those 
high minded honorable men would on such an occasion, but I have been 
disappointed. You deny any intention, however, to injure me, whilst you 
profess to have no distinct recollection of the language used. Whether 
the unofficial “ aspect”’ of the time and place” shall excuse your memory, 
or weaken the statement of the Doctor, it is not my business to determine ; 
I cannot suppose that you meant to intimate that the stamp official or 
unofficial can affect the obligation of honorable men on all occasions to 
speak truly and act Justly, whether at wine drinkings or at the bureaus 
of state. It is a matter of much regret to me that the variance betweer 
your statement and that of the gentlemen named, does not enable me to 
act understandingly on the subject; it was to avoid this situation, that I 
requested Genl. Houston to receive your statement, and thus save me the 
trouble of sending a copy to those gentlemen, which Justice now requires 
should be done. I feel sorry therefore that you could not deliver your 
communication unsealed to Genl. Houston. 
As my inquiry was dictated by the persuasion that my character was 
injured by the statement presented thro Dr. Wallace; and its only object 


1 Copy. In the Jackson MSS. are letters dated Mar. 22, 1827, from John S. Wellford, 
John H. Wallace, Fayette Johnston, Colonel William F. Gray, Archibald Hart, William F. 
Blackford, and John Minor, all relating to what Southard had said at the dinner at Well- 
ford’s; and all written to show that Southard did not asperse the conduct of Jackson. 


346 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


to expose those who wilfully misrepresented it, especially should they be 
high in authority like yourself, I shall add a few remarks upon your 
historical knowledge, and your reply to the question you acknowledge to 
have been asked by Colo. Gray, and your answer. Had your recollection 
not proved very bad as it relates to the history of the times and to my- 
self “ verbal, written and printed ”’, you would have known that I solicited 
the Govt, as early as June 1814, when I forwarded to it information of 
the assemblage of a British force at Pensacola, for permission to drive 
them from that rendezvous before their reinforcements could arrive, and 
to disperse the Indians whom they had organised there; and altho, the 
order requested was Issued in July 1814, it never reached me till after 
the declaration of peace. From your “ verbal written and printed” infor- 
mation, you might also have ascertained, that I kept the Govt. advised 
of the preparations of the British in Pensacola to attack Ft. Boyer, and 
thro that point to invade the country, and that I again intreated the Govt 
for orders to attack them—no answer from the Govt—that after the 
British did actually attack Fort Boyer and invade the country, and were 
repulsed I again made the same entreaty of my Govt., but it was still 
silent. I then informed it of the meditated attack by great Britain with 
all its combined force as early as the 27th of august, when I appealed to 
the patriotism of my old Volunteers under the command of that brave 
Officer Genl Coffee (having ordered before, all the Troops authorised by 
the Govt.) and with this force called for on my own responsibility 
marched to, and expelled the British from Pensacola; by which move- 
ment I frustrated the original plan of invasion thro mobile, and by thus 
clearing my left flank of the Enemy, was enabled to move to Neworleans, 
ordering on Genl Coffee’s command to Baton Rouge; These were the men 
called armed and equiped, at my own responsibility, that enabled me to 
save neworleans. 

Tho my friendship has been as sincere for Mr Monroe as yours or any 
other mans can be, I will ask in what history “ verbal written or printed ” 
have you learned that he had any agency in all this, except writing to 
me on the 21. Octr not to march on Pensacola, that the Govt was about 
to negotiate with Spain etc. etc., and I would ask you as a military man 
whether negotiation then with Spain would have prevented invasion on 
the part of great Britain had I not driven her force from Pensacola and 
destroyed her Indian allies. But these facts were forgotten in your 
unofficial zeal, and in your winedrinking. I cannot but marvel what con- 
nection there is between Mr Monroe and the Presidential canvass in 
your mind, that at this period you should seek to adorn him with plumage 
which I know he could not consent to wear. To proceed however with 
the historical facts “verbal, written, and printed’’, So soon as I had 
cleared my left flank of the enemy, having ordered Genl. Coffee across 
to Baton Rouge, without the means provided, “ the information given 
or the orders sent”, of the Govt. I repaired to orleans reaching that place 
on the first day of Decbr. 1814. Now I hazard the assertion, without the 
fear of contradiction, that you have never seen, read, or been verbally 
informed by Mr Monroe, or any other person of truth, that ever Mr 
Monroe wrote, or sent me an order prior to the date of my arrival at 


March, 1827 347 


New-orleans; and that from the 2oth of Novbr 1814 untill the 18th of 
February 1815 I ever recd a single line from the Department of War; 
and as you are so conversant with history “ verbal, written, and printed ’’, 
I regret in your zeal for truth that you did not read mine in inswer to the 
letter of the roth of Decbr 1814 that moment recd. But further, on my 
arrival at orleans, I found the arsnal empty of all the meterials for vigor- 
ous and ample defence against such an overwhelming invading enemy, 
well armed, and supplied for attack—no arms, and what was still worse, 
no flints for the few arms to put into the hands of the militia. What was 
to be done? Requisitions had been made in Septbr 1814 and acknowl- 
edged, and the agent at Pittsburgh had promised to have them forwarded, 
Still the Steam Boat arrived from Pittsburgh with no arms, no fixed 
ammunition, no flints, no ordinance, or ordinance stores and the report 
was that those supplies altho offered to be brought by the Steam boat at 
75 cents pr. cwt was entrusted to a pedling merchant at 50 cents pr Cwt, 
with the permission to sell, or barter, his goods on the way, all which, 
as you have read much, you might have seen on record in the war office 
where the trial of Mr Maples before a court martial ought to be found. 
Thus situated, I was advised that the Barritarians had flints and some 
arms, and were willing to surrender themselves and all their supplies on 
condition of promise of pardon on good conduct. I directed Mr. Living- 
ston my voluntary aid to accept them, and give the Pledge. This was 
done and I obtained 7500 pistol flints, which were put into the arms ob- 
tained for the militia and contributed much to the defence of the city. 
Now I will again ask what agency had Mr Monroe in all this that it should 
be said his energetic orders raised the means for the defence of New- 
orleans. These means were procu[r]ed by myself and my agents, and 
enabled me to make the defence I did. I would be the last man in the 
Union to Strip Mr Monroe of the credit to which he is entitled, and have 
no doubt he Issued orders for the requisitions and for the supply of arms, 
but in a military point of view it is not only necessary for the Superior 
to order but to see his orders executed. Besides, the Govt. did know 
and was informed in the latter end of Septbr. or first of Octr. 1814 that 
the Tenneseans and Kentuckians would march, but could not be armed— 
in consequence the 5000 stand was sent to Pittsburgh and might have 
been brought to me in due time in the Steam boat; but for the pittance of 
25 cents pr Cwt. were detained, and our country thereby Jeopardised, and 
would probably have been lost, had it not have been for the providential 
supply obtained from the Barritarians. 

I have therefore to request when on your electioneering tours, or at 
your wine drinkings hereafter, you will not fail to recollect these histori- 
cal facts which indeed you ought long since to have known from the 
verbosities writings and printings of the times, and that you will not for- 
get to state that I never abandoned the eagles of my country in the day of 
trial and danger; nor ever failed to take upon myself the responsibility 
of driving from our shores, or from those of a faithless neutral, our de- 
clared enemy when I found it necessary for the safety of my country ; and 
altho I admire the zeal you display for your friend, yet it ought to be 
recollected that an honorable man will never do injustice to another in 


348 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


that zeal. I am sure Mr Monroe from his love of truth (or I am much 
mistaken in him) would be the last man to say that he had given or writ- 
ten me an order to repair to Orleans of prior date to the time I reached 
that place. I always kept him advised of my situations, intentions, and 
movements, and mine of the 14th of Novbr. 1814 from Pierces Block 
house and 20th of Novbr. from mobile,’ as is believed, must have reached 
him before the roth of Decbr was written, from the then expedition of 
the mail—mine being sent by Express to the direct line of mail, which 
at that time travelled at the rate of 100 miles in 24 hours, and the dis- 
tance to the City 1200 miles. 

Having given you a few of the “ written, printed and verbal” facts of 
the time alluded to, I close this correspondence, and am+yr mo. obdt. 
Servt. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


FRANKLIN, March 16, 1827. 

. . . . Lhad intended ere this to have wrote you, but the various com- 
munications from Eaton White and Houston, with a great run of com- 
pany has occupied all my time. The letter to Houston after a delay of 
two weeks beyond the regular time reached him, and was delivered to 
Mr Southern.? he refused to hand it open to Houston, and the latter re- 
fused to receive it otherwise, and it come to me under cover from the 
postmaster Genl. It is what I did not expect. instead of a direct and 
prompt answer, it is an insiduous argumentative one. altho he professes 
not to have a clear recollection of the conversation, he denies positively 
the statement as made and that he had no intention to injure me and I 
have no doubt his intentions were to prevent Doctor Wallace from 
seeing it. I have given it such an answer as I thought it deserved, and I 
have no doubt it will be the last time in his life, when decorously called 
on for a direct answer, that he will give such a one as he has done. I 
have assured him that my duty to Doctor Wallace and Mr Johnston will 
compell me to furnish them with a copy of his letter, and in conclusion 
close the correspondence with him. I have no doubt but his letter to me 
was the result of a caucus, that his information was derived from my 
friend M. and enlarged upon by him. he says he received his information 
from the history of the day, verbal written and printed, to that I reply 
that I hazzard the assertion without the fear of contradiction, that he 
never was informed by Mr Monroe, or any man of truth, that ever such 
an order was written before the date of my being in Orleans, or that he 
ever read such an order either written or printed before the date of my 
being there. when you see my reply you will think it is just such a one 
as it ought to be. 

I have recd a copy of Mr Monroes letter to Judge White and his reply. 
The Judges is decorous and firm. Major Eaton informs me of date the 
16th ult that Mr Monroe has again addressed the Judge. I have given 
him such public documents as will enable him to answer, fully if he 


1 See vol. II., pp. 96, 101. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
2 Southard, 


March, 1827 349 


thinks proper, and have inclosed him my reply to Mr Southard, In which 
I give Mr Southard by way of refreshing his memory on his next elec- 
tioneering tour a full narative of facts which will enable Judge White to 
embrace all the material facts of the case and will inform Mr Monroe 
of the precipice he is approaching; for I am sure Mr Southard will show 
it to him. by the time you come in I will be able to inform you of the 
course this combination is about to pursue... . . 


To JAMEs ALLEN.* 


HERMITAGE, March 31, 1827. 

D’r Sir, I have recd. your letter of the 22d instant and feel greatly 
obliged for the information communicated by it. It breathes such evi- 
dence of candour and honest sentiment, that notwithstanding my hith- 
erto determination to interfere in no wise with the Presidential election, 
or to write upon the subject to any one, I am pursuaded in this case, the 
most scrupulous will acquit me of all sinister motives, when repelling 
charges of so heinous a character as those stated by you to be made by 
Messrs. Buckner and Johnston. 

At the tribunal of the people it will be ascertained that I never have 
solicited the office of President of the U. States. There frank and flat- 
tering call placed me before them as a candidate for that distinguished 
station; and hence my determination ever has been to leave to their un- 
biassed Judgment the solution regardless of the abuse and slander 
heaped upon me by the minions of power and the panders of corruption. 
But in this class of wretches I could not have calculated to find any who 
enjoyed the confidence and respect of the people. I had a hope for the 
honor of the country that no man who occupied the exalted station of 
a member of congress could be made to lie or gain say, as occasion might 
require, in order to maintain the power of a coalition whose object seems 
rather to be my destruction than the advancement of the interests of their 
country. 

I could not have believed that men elevated as Messrs. Buckner and 
Johnston have been, were so lost to all respect for truth and character 
as to take up Jessee Bentons pamphlet” for the purpose of Vending 
tissues of falshood and calumny to the credulous and unwary, such, how- 
ever, appears to be their conduct, and if, the truth, which is mighty and 
will ultimately prevail shall consign them to infamy and disgrace along 
with poor Jessee, they cannot blame me. It can be no apology for them 
to plead that they are not the authors of the charges, neither was poor 
Jessee. He only put his signature to the pamphlet, controuled by the 
same influence which dictated the famous letter of my military friend H. 
at Washington, Pennsylvania, the same influence which now operates 
upon the honorable Messrs. Buckner and Johnson as the were upon the 


puppets. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib, Ford MSS. Richard A. Buckner was member of Congress from 
Kentucky 1823 to 1829. References to a “Frank Johnston” seem to indicate that the 
other gentleman alluded to was Francis Johnson, member of Congress from Kentucky 
1819 to 1827. The only “Johnston” in either house in 1827 was Josiah S. Johnston, 
senator from Louisiana. 

2 See p. 266, ante, note 2. 


350 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The charge relative to the execution of the six militia men, is the only 
allegation of Mr. Buckner which you say you are not prepared to refute 
from a knowledge of the facts, or from documentary evidence. I shall 
therefore first bestow some time upon it. 

At the close of the Creek war the Forts in that Nation were ordered 
to be occupied and garrisoned. For this purpose Col. P. Pipkin was 
ordered with a Regt. of drafted militia for six months into the service 
of the U. States. Whilst stationed at Fort Jackson on the 19th or 2oth 
of Septr., 1814, a meeting took place headed by a Captain, and in the 
presence of the Col. forced the guard, seized the provisions, burned the 
bake house and marched off forcibly leaving the Col. destitute of provi- 
sions, and without a competent garrison in the midst of the Creek nation, 
stirred up to hostility against us at that time by the agents of the British: 
at a period too when the British with an overwhelming army were pre- 
paring to invade the lower country. It was reported to me about the time 
of my appeal to your venerable patriot Shelby, when I made the requisi- 
tions on Tennessee for aid in so solemn a crisis. Orders were immediately 
given for the apprehension of the mutineers, Col. Pipkin being instructed 
to join me at the Cut off with the remainder of his Regt. and Genl. 
Coffee’s volunteers from Tennessee on the march to Pensacola where 
the British were rendevoused. 

The mutineers becoming alarmed, all except nine of the ringleaders 
returned, were pardoned, and remained with their Col. during the whole 
of that campaign. These ringleaders were taken, and brought to Mobile 
after I had left that section of command; and when I was at New Or- 
leans were tried by a Court martial at Mobile, and condemned to be shot. 
Three were pardoned, having been recommended to mercy by the court 
which tried them, the ballance were shot, but not as Mr. Buckner falsely 
pronounces in his stump speech for crimes committed after their term 
of service had expired; but for crimes of the deepest dye, perilous to the 
country, at a time when every patriot’s arm was stretched, when every 
nerve of the Govt. was strained to defend our liberties and our country 
from conquest and subjugation. It was at this period, too, the Hartford 
convention were giving to the enemy every encouragement of success 
either by a division or conquest of the states. These facts are on record, 
and ought to have been known to Mr. Buckner before he undertook the 
commission of traduction and slander. The mutiny, the order for the 
apprehension, the trial etc. are, or ought to be on file at Washington; or, 
if not, a copy of the record can be had from the papers of my Adjt. Genl. 
Thus you see, Sir, with the exception of my being commander of the divi- 
sion, Mr. Buckner had as much to do with the execution of these men as 
I had. It is well there are virtuous and good citizens who have inde- 
pendence and strength to check the career of the wicked and ambitious, 
and in whose support and approbation there is ample reward for patriotic 
service. The man who knows me not, and can yet charge me with a crime 
which from the known history of the times must be untrue, and whilst 
the allegation is scarcely made has the hardihood to say he has sent to 
Tennessee for proof, would not only rob me of my hard earned repu- 
tation, but betray his country if he had the power. 


March, 1827 351 


Inclosed I send a reply made to Jesse Benton’s pamphlet on its first 
appearance, which I have no doubt Mr. Buckner has seen, and he must 
have been very negligent indeed if he has not read the report of the 
Senate, my reply and memorial, where many, if not all, the charges are 
proved to be false. 

You say that Majr. Yancey informed you that Frank Johnston told 
the people in his stump speech (on the same day Mr. Buckner spoke and 
made his charges, 32 miles apart) that I left Congress about the time the 
sedition and alien laws passed, meaning to insinuate that I would have 
voted for the law if I had been there. This statement Mr. Johnston knew 
to be false when he made it. All my public life gives evidence of my op- 
position to the alien and sedition laws as well as the general administra- 
tion of John Adams. My votes in the senate will shew that upon all the 
questions I voted with the republican party, with Tazwell, Mason and 
others: and being continually in the then minority I resigned to make 
room for Genl. Smith whose age and weight of character I thought would 
add to the republican strength. 

You add that Frank Johnston further stated, I had drawn pay as Genl. 
for staying at home, and for seven servants, meaning to insinuate that I 
recd. pay for seven servants. This is another wilful misrepresentation, 
and I challenge with boldness Mr. Johnston to the production of any 
account in which I have ever charged for seven servants. I never have 
drawn a cent of public money in my life to which I was not both justly 
and legally entitled. Let us examine the charge of staying at home. I 
returned from the Creek campaign in May 1814, recd. the appointment 
of Major Genl. unsolicited by me, with orders to proceed to the south in 
June. I recd. the submission of the Creeks in July 1814, and never saw 
my family until after the close of the war. I returned to Nashville in 
May 1815, and there established my Headquarters. In Octr. I went to the 
City of Washington, arriving there with my family in November when 
my life was dispaired of. I left there the 24th Decr. under orders, and 
reached Nashville 2d February, 1816; and on the 9th of that month pro- 
ceeded to the lower country, and took a recognizance of the whole coast 
and inlets for the purpose of selecting scites for the creation of Fortifi- 
cations. I returned to Nashville in the latter end of May 1816, where 
my attention was called to the defence of the North Western frontier 
then likely to be attacked by the Indians. In Septr. of that year I was 
ordered as one of the commissioners to hold a treaty with the Chickasaws, 
Creeks and Cherokees which I did, reaching Nashville in December 1816, 
from whence I was ordered to explore the country for a proper scite for 
a Foundry and arsenal, and to lay out, and cause to be surveyed and 
opened a military road from Nashville to Orleans. This was done. In 
the fall of 1817 I was ordered as one of the Commissioners to hold a 
Treaty with the Cherokees: this service was not long performed, when 
I recd. an order to proceed to Fort Scott, collect a sufficient force, and 
put a speedy end to the war with exemplary punishment for the unpro- 
voked crimes of the enemy. I performed this duty, worn down with 
sickness privations and fatigue; so much so that my friends did not 
expect me to recover; yet I reached Nashville in June 1818. In the fall 


25 


352 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


of that year, associated with the venerable sage and patriot Gov. Shelby, 
a treaty was held with the Chickasaws by which we obtained a cession 
from them of all the lands north of the southern boundary of Tennessee. 
From my return to Nashville in that year, I was employed in superin- 
tending the military road, removing intruders from the Indian lands, and 
by the duties of my division, being under confidential orders preparing 
for the defence of the lower country expected to be invaded. In the month 
of Octr. 1820, I, with Genl. Hinds, held a treaty with the Choctaws, and 
shortly after recd. orders to march for and receive possession of the 
Floridas. This brings me to the first of June 1821 which terminated my 
military service. With those services which I have enumerated, the addi- 
tional duty of superintending my division, occupied every hour of my 
time. During my whole military command, I never had a furlough, 
was always under orders, and altho’ in wretched health was never on 
the sick report. I often suggested my wish to resign, but was always pre- 
vented by the request of the President. So much for the charge of Mr. 
Johnston, of staying at home, and of drawing the pay of a sinecure. 

I have been thus particular to put it in your power to correct the mis- 
representations of Messrs. Buckner and Johnston whom I know to be the 
mere panders of the coalition of which you speak. It cannot be possible 
if their real characters are unmasked in time that the highminded people 
of Kentucky will deem them worthy of their confidence. 

With sincere thanks to you, Sir, allow me to assure you, that altho’ per- 
sonally strangers, I duly appreciate the favor conferred upon me by the 
opportunity afforded of opposing to the calumnies of my enemies a naked 
statement of the truth. Truth has been my shield in all the perils which 
I have encountered for the cause of my country. I shall never part with 
it for the sake of office. 

Allow me to subscribe myself 

Yr. very obliged and Humble servt. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


NasHVILLE, April 3, 1827. 

.... Trecd your letter by Major Chambers boy, with my horse. and 
only regretted that you t[h]ought any apology necessary for his deten- 
tion. I have noted your remarks about the overseer at A. J. Hutchings 
farm. should you find him unfit, or indolent, or inattentive, turn him away 
and employ young Mr Winburn. Mr Phillips has covenanted that his 
wife is to perform the same services towards the care of the Negro chil- 
dren and their spinning and cloathing as Mrs Nicholson did. I fear this 
will not be complied with, and if not the sooner a bad overseer is turned 
away the better. I have had a test experience in the conducts of persons 
who, I have discovered to be, the greatest villain on earth, he left me 
and brought suit against me, I entered into the defence as Capt D ought, 
and brought him to know that peace and honesty was his better course, 
and he agreed to reduce fifty dollars of his wages, pay all costs and dis- 
miss his suit. upon this proposition I closed with him forever with the 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


April, 1827 353 


determination to turn away every overseer on their first misbehavior, 
it is the only safe course, but if Phillips will hold out, and make a good 
crop, it will be well to let him continue to the end of the year. .... 


Hucu L. WHITE To JACKSON. 


KNoxviLtez, April 7, 1827. 

Dear Sir, . . . . From your old friend M e* I received a very 
lengthy reply to my answer to his first letter, of which I did not think it 
worth while to advise you, as it contains nothing of consequence which 
was not to be substantially found in the first. I immediately gave to it 
such answer as it seemed to merit and there the matter rests. His and 
mine are both in kind terms. The real object I always suspected was to 
get some excuse for coming before the public, and my wish always is to 
furnish no reasonable pretext for a controversy, to the end that if forced 
to contend before the tribunal of the Sovereign people I may in truth as 
well as appearance be in the right. 

That every means have been, and will be, employed, to destroy you and 
all those who advocate your pretensions no reasonable man need doubt. 
That money and offices can do much there is too much reason to fear; 
and every thing which the judicious use of them can do, will be tried, 
with untiring zeal, in the whole course of this spring and Summer I most 
firmly believe. It is a fearful and unequal contest—money, office, the 
hope of office and every thing which can be included under the term 
patronage on the one side, confronted by nothing but intelligence and 
virtue of the people on the other: but he is unworthy of public employ 
who will faulter for a moment. Discretion, firmness perserverance and 
union will carry us successfully through or leave us all honorably at home 
to attend to our own concerns, under nominally a Ruplican government: 
but practically a monarchy of the worst stamp. That any falsehood they 
chuse to invent can be proved either upon you or any of your friends I 
am well aware; and every man may prepare his mind for the worst. It is 
a poor battle in which none are killed or wounded—if defeated we can 
bury our dead and dress our wounded at leisure. If victorious we have the 
highest consolation, to wit, that the slain and mangled have suffered in 
the best of causes. ... . 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, April 8, 1827. 

. . .. The whole combined faction of the corrupt coalition have let 
loose their bateries of slander against me, even Jesse Bentons pamphlet 
is taken up by Mr Buckner and Frank Jonston late members of congress 
from Kentucky as their tex book in their stump speeches. to counteract 

wthese and other slanders, has engaged me, in giving to my friends docu- 
ments to enable them to counteract these vile slanders. you will see ere 
long all their slanders of me and my family made to recoil upon their 


1 Monroe. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


354 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


own heads. I have no doubt but Clay is at the bottom of all this, aided by 
the sec of the navy Mr Southard, to whose insiduous argumentative reply 
to my request to give me his author, I have given a quietos, such as will 
make him reflect and place a higher regard upon character than he has 
been under the corrupt rule, and management of Clay, in the habit of. 
I too, have in reply to Genl Allen of Kentucky, given him sufficient in- 
formation to prostrate Buckner and Johnston when laid before the people 
of Kentucky. These things have engaged me so much of late and will 
account to you for my not writing. 

I am happy to hear Capt Jack is recovering. I hope he will live to prose- 
cute his suite to a final and prosperous issue, and to indite and sue the 
rascal, that attempted to assasinate him, and expose the exciters of this 
wicked deed, to an indignant people. Give Mrs. J. and my best respects 
and good wishes to him and Elisa 

Inclosed I send you the agreement with Phillips overseer of A. J. 
Hutchings farm, the amount of stock recd by him, his receipt for five 
dollars by me paid to him part of his wages, and Smiths transfer of the 
quarter section to me as guardian of Hutchings and for the childs use, 
all which you will please preserve. I send the agreement with Phillips, 
that if he does not do his duty agreeable to his obligation that he may 
forthwith be removed. I hope to see you and family before long at the 
Hermitage, when I will give you a history of the passing political scenes. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL RICHARD K. CAtu.? 


HermitaceE, May 3, 1827. 

Dear Call, I have no doubt thro the newspapers, you have seen the base 
attempt, by Clay and his panders, to harrow up the feelings of Mrs. J 
and myself. This unheard of procedure [in a] civilised community, was 
well calculated to harrow up my feelings, but situated as I am for the 
present my hands are pinioned, as it is evident that it is the last effort of 
the combined coalition to save themselves and destroy me—they calcu- 
lated that it would arouse me to some desperate act by which I would fall 
prostrate before the people—in this they shall be disappointed, but the 
day of retributi{on and] vengeance must come, when the guilty will meet 
with their Just reward. This [base] attack was first Issued from the 
press of the scoundrel Hammond,’ and reiterated through all adminis- 
tration prints. it has recoiled upon them, by a united indignation of every 
Just man in society—and in Ky. I am told, will prostrate Clay, for all 
believe that he is the author of this base and cowardly procedure. he 
keeps himself under the cloak of Hammond who, he knows is beneath, 
every other notice than a cowhide. 

I regretted that whilst your dear Mary was with us, so much of my 
time was taken up by the calls of my friends abroad, and here, for docu- 
ments and statements to enable them to meet this attempt of the secrete 
assasin to wound [female] reputation, and feeling, by raking up transac- 

1N. Y. Hist. Soc: The letter is mutilated and square brackets are used by the editor 


to indicate the words which seem to have been destroyed. 
2 Cincinnati Gazette. 


June, 1827 355 


tions that had slept for [thirty or twenty] odd years, when allmost all 
the co[n]temporaries of the day, slept in their tombs, but providence 
has spared as many of the most creditable, and respectable as will fully 
refute this base attempt to stain the reputation of mrs. J. and harrow 
up her feelings in her declining years—when this is done, then my friend, 
the blood of this secrete mover [behind] the curtain must attone for this 
wicked attempt. 

I sincerely regretted my situation at the time your dear mary left us, 
we went with her as far as Judge Overtons, nothing but the situation I 
was placed in prevented me from conducting her as far as Mr Jones in 
alabama—it was impossible, the committee were waiting information, 
the duty I owed to my own and mrs. J. fame, required my attention. 
could not accompany her how grating this to [me. ] 

my letter inclosed to mr Jones to hand you, will have given you the 
pleasing information of that due respect which was paid mrs Call in 
Nashville. nothing but the situation we were placed in at the time mary 
was with us, prevented mrs. J. and myself from giving her a final blow 
out at the Hermitage. you must vissit us next year when we will attone 
for this should it take the last shot in the locker. 

I hope mary, and the sweet little daughter, will have Joined you in good 
health before this reaches you to whom present us affectionatly and let 
us hear from you. In haste ad[iJeu. yr friend 


P. S. I will attend to the estate of mr. K. place it where the setting 
aside the pretended ced[ing] will leave it. Then, unless the Executors 
notify you to attend and receive your proportion it will be an investment 
carrying 6pr.ct. interest for your children. 

present us affectionatly to [Col.] Butler and his family As: 


To Major Witu1AM B. LeEwis.* 


HerMITAGE, May 5, 1827. 

Dear Sir, When Genl. Houston was here he informed me, that you 
had received a letter from Doctor Wallace on the subject of Mr. Sec. 
Southard’s declarations at Mr. Willford’s, Fredkg., Va. I would like to 
know its contents before I forward to the Doctor the correspondence be- 
tween myself and Mr. Southard on this subject. I should have been down 
this week to have seen you, but had no horse without stopping a plow, 
My riding horse being absent on a journey. Another reason I do not wish 
to be seen mingling with the members of the Committee now. I hear 
Major Eaton is on his way home, this I am glad of, I wish to see him. 

I am respectfully your friend. 


To CARTER BEVERLEY.” 
HERMITAGE, June 5, 1827. 
D’r Sir: Your letter of the 15th ulto. from Louisville Ky, just re- 
ceived, and in conformity with your request address my answer to Wheel- 
ing Va. 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Transcript. Original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library. 


1 Hist. Soc. Pa., Buchanan Papers. The letter here presented is a copy of the original 
sent by Jackson to Buchanan. Carter Beverley was from Virginia. In the spring of 1827 


356 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Your enquiry relative to the proposition of bargain made thro Mr. 
Clays friends to some of mine, concerning the then pending Presidential 
election, were answered freely and frankly at the time; but without any 
calculation that they were to be thrown into the public journals; but 
facts cannot be altered; and as your, letter seems not to have been written 
for publication, I can assure you, that having no concealment myself, 
nor any dread arising from what I may have said on the occasion and 
subject alluded to, my feelings toward you are not the least changed. I 
always intended; should Mr. Clay come out with his own name and deny 
having any knowledge of the communication made by his friends to my 
friends and to me, that I would give him the name of the gentleman thro 
whom that communication came. 

I have not seen your letter alluded to as having been published in the 
Telegraph, altho’ that paper, as I am informed, is regularly mailed for 
me at Washington; still I receive it irregularly, and that containing your 
letter has not come to hand, of course I cannot say whether your state- 
ment is substantially correct or not. I will repeat however again the occur- 
rence, and to which my reply to you must have conformed, and from 
which, if there has been any variation, you can correct it. It is this. 
Early in January, 1825, a member of Congress of high respectability 
visited me one morning, and observed he had a communication he was 
desirous to make to me; that he was informed there was a great intrigue 
going on and that its very right I should be informed of it; that he came 
as a friend, and let me receive the communication as I might the friendly 
motives thro which it was made he hoped would prevent any change of 
friendship or feeling with regard to him. To which I replied from his 
high standing as a gentleman and member of Congress, and from his 
uniform friendly and gentlemanly conduct toward myself, I could not 
suppose he would make any communication to me which he supposed was 
improper; therefore his motives being pure, let me think as I might of 
the communication, my feelings toward him would remain unaltered. 
The gentleman proceeded. He said he had been informed by the friends 
of Mr. Clay, that the friends of Mr. Adams had made overtures to them, 
saying if Mr. Clay and his friends would unite in aid of the election of 
Mr. Adams, Mr. Clay should be Secretary of State—that the friends of 
Mr. Adams were urging as a reason to induce the friends of Mr. Clay to 
accede to their proposition, that if I was elected President, Mr. Adams 
would be continued Secretary of State (inuendo; there would be no 
room for Kentucky—That the friends of Mr. Clay stated the west did 
wish to be seperate from the west [sic] and if I would say, or permit any 


he wrote to a friend describing a conversation at Jackson’s dinner table a few days earlier, 
in which Jackson assured the company that in January, 1825, Clay’s friends had proposed 
a bargain to Jackson’s friends with respect to the presidency. This letter was published 
in many papers, and denied in some. Beverley wrote to Jackson asking him to verify what 
he, Beverley, had reported from the Hermitage. The letter given herewith is Jackson’s 
reply. Beverley published it, with other matter, in the U. S. Telegraph, late in June of the 
same year, whereupon Clay published a letter of denial and called for the name of the 
friend of his who, as Jackson said, had made a proposition of bargain to Jackson’s friends ; 
and he restated his position in a speech at Lexington, Ky., July 12. Six days later Jackson 
issued a statement in which he declared that his informant was James Buchanan of 
Pennsylvania, Then came a statement from Buchanan, which each side claimed as 
favorable to itself. See Niles’ Register, XXXII. 162, 315, 350, 375, 390, 415. 


June, 1827 357 


of my confidential friends to say, that in case I was elected President, 
Mr. Adams should not be continued Secretary of State, by a complete 
union of Mr. Clay and his friends, they would put an end to the Presiden- 
tial contest in one hour. And he was of opinion it was right to fight such 
intrigues with their own weapons. To which in substance, I replied: 
“that in politicks, as in everything else, my guide was principle, and 
contrary to the expressed and unbiassed will of the people, or their con- 
stituted agents, I never would step into the Presidential chair, and re- 
quested him to say to Mr. Clay and his friends (for I did suppose he had 
come from Mr. Clay; although he used the term Mr. Clay’s friends) that 
before I would reach the presidential chair by such means of bargain and 
corruption, I would see the earth open and swallow both Mr. Clay and 
his friends, and myself with them: If they had not confidence in me to 
believe, if I were elected, that I would call to my aid in the Cabinet, men 
of the first virtue, talents and integrity, not to vote for me. The second 
day after the communication and reply, it was announced in the news- 
papers that Mr. Clay had come out openly and avowedly in favor of 
Mr. Adams. It may be proper to observe that the supposition that Mr. 
Clay was privy to the proposition stated, I may have done injustice to 
him: if so the gentleman informing me can explain 


Rosert Y. HAYNE TO JACKSON." 


Confidential 
CHARLESTON, June 5, 1827. 

My Dear General. Nothing has prevented me from writing to you long 
since, but the belief that you must be oppressed by the number of your 
correspondents. You know me I trust too well, to attribute the omission 
to any want of attachment, to your person, or your cause—the cause cer- 
tainly of the whole country. I have determined however to write to you 
now, because I think it important that you should be made acquainted 
with the views and feelings of your friends in various quarters of the 
Union, in order that you may be enabled to decide on your own course, 
with all the lights, which a variety of opinions can afford. I know that 
you always judge and act for yourself, and therefore feel the less scruple, 
in presenting my views, knowing that they will be carefully examined 
and will receive neither more, nor less weight than they are justly en- 
titled to. 

The great contest is obviously becoming every day warmer. It is now 
manifest that the men, who have usurped the reins of government, do not 
mean to surrender it, without a desperate struggle, and that they are de- 
termined if possible to sacrifice to their vengeance all those, who venture 
to oppose them. They are playing a desperate game, and their motto is 
“to conquer or die”. Hence it is, that they have let loose “ the flood- 
gates of their wrath ” against yourself, Mr. Calhoun, and many others 
of your best friends, and so little discrimination do they make, that they 
do not hesitate to brand our estimable and excellent friend Judge White, 


1 Hayne was senator from South Carolina from 1823 to 1832. He was a leading nullifier 
and in this letter was evidently trying to get Jackson committed to his views before election. 
Jackson however was too shrewd to be caught. 


358 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


as one of “ the worst men in the worst Senate the Country has ever seen.” 
The spirit thus displayed originates from the consciousness of error. The 
men in power know, that they have done you personally, and done their 
country wrong, and that they have been detected and exposed ; Hence the 
bitterness of their anger, and the recklessness of the course they are 
about to pursue. They are actuated by a spirit not unlike that which in- 
spires a criminal flying from justice, who turns on his pursuers, and to 
save himself from exposure and merited punishment, attacks indiscrimi- 
nately all who are in pursuit. 

There is another circumstance to be taken into the account. Mr. Adams, 
who is not a practical man, has been persuaded to rely on Mr. Clay, as 
the only pillar that can sustain his administration. He has therefore prac- 
tically yielded the reins of government to him, at least so far as relates to 
the new Department, of political management. We know Mr. Clay well 
enough, to understand the course that will be pursued in matters where 
his will is law. Altogether unprincipled, ambitious, daring, bold and 
without the smallest regard either to the courtesies or decencies of life, 
he inspires his political followers with a spirit not unlike that, which dis- 
tinguishes a savage warfare— sparing no age, sex, or condition ”. 

There is still another motive that lurks beneath the unmanly and un- 
generous course of the Administration—it is the desire to betray you into 
some indiscretion. They have taken pains to impress the public mind 
with the belief that your temper unfits you for civil government, they 
know that a noble nature is always liable to excitement, and they have put, 
and will continue to put into operation, a hundred schemes to betray you 
into some act, or expression, which may be turned to their own advantage. 

If I am not much mistaken, I have now exposed the true springs, which 
direct the movements of your political opponents. If I am right, we may 
pretty clearly discover their future course of conduct, and by prudence 
and wisdom, not only avoid the snares, set for us, but cause them to be 
entangled in their own nets. It is certain, that far from abating in their 
violence, they will henceforth display greater and more undiscriminating 
fury, and as it is not in the nature of man to remain unkindled in a com- 
mon blaze, we may be assured that the contest will wax warmer to the 
end. For this we must all be prepared. Every man must be resolved to 
take his share, of the slander, and abuse which will be levelled at him, 
and to act his part manfully in the fight. But more than this will be neces- 
sary, we must each of us, in his own person set an example, of prudence, 
and selfcommand, and endeavour to give a tone to all around us, which 
will in itself go far to secure the victory. 

In your own personal conduct, your adversaries will endeavour to find 
something to assail—hitherto they have failed, and I have no doubt they 
will fail forever, if you are only sufficiently on your guard, not to be 
tempted to give utterance to the feelings of indignation which their con- 
duct is so well calculated to produce. Mr. Clay will use every effort to 
draw you into some public controversy, whether on the question of the 
Tariff, or his intrigues, or any other matter, is to him not very material. 
He would thus divert public attention, from himself, and Mr. Adams, 
present you, perhaps, as an accuser, and at all events, insist that you were 


June, 1827 359 


endeavouring to advance your own claims, and had relinquished the high 
ground of leaving your cause in the hands of the people. I doubt not 
that you will have his partizans, paying their respects to you at the Her- 
mitage, and leading the way to the expression of your opinions on points 
capable of misrepresentation. Something has been already done in this 
way, and more will be attempted. In the mean time the administration 
presses will be loud in their calls for your opinions on the Tariff, internal 
improvements and other questions, on all of which Mr. Adams is as 
silent as the grave, and concerning which your opinions have been fully 
and clearly expressed in your public and recorded acts. 

Mr. Adams and yourself stand on equality as the only Candidates for 
the Presidency. Will he answer questions? If so I should be glad to put 
him a few Interrogatories. But it is beneath his dignity it seems to re- 
spond to such questions, and let me ask whether one who has acted the 
part you have done, and whose principles have been uniformly displayed 
by your actions, are to be compelled to vindicate those principles from 
the misrepresentations of every Newspaper Editor who has been paid to 
slander you? In relation to the two great questions of the Tariff and 
internal improvements, your opinions can need no elucidation. During 
the two years of your service in the Senate, and frequently since, your 
opinions have been publicly expressed. But does it follow that any one 
disposed to afford a moderate protection to American Industry or to 
enter upon a few great works of National Improvement, should support 
every measure which bears the name of a Tariff Bill, or Internal Im- 
provement? The truth is, that the Administration, have determined, if 
possible to ride into power on these popular Hobbies, and as they intend 
to use them only for their own advancement, it is perfectly immaterial, 
what the character of the particular measure may be, which they are called 
upon to support. They have in fact, perverted the whole system of in- 
ternal improvement, into a scheme of buying up the people, with their 
own money—while Mr. Clay’s American policy has degenerated into a 
plan for granting to a few overgrown Incorporated Companies in New 
England an exclusive monopoly of the home market. 

The Bill of the last session, was in its character prohibitory, encreased 
the Tax in exact proportion to the poverty of the person on whom it was 
to operate, and above all was calculated and intended to crush all the small 
manufacturers in the union while it gave a monopoly to the large com- 
panies. This last feature in the Bill will be found in the provision which 
leaves the Woollen goods, free from any encrease of duties ’till the last 
of August, the consequence of which must have been a great influx of 
foreign fabrics until that time, the consequent fall in prices, and the ruin 
of all who should be compelled to sell before that period, while immense 
fortunes would have been secured to the rich who could keep their goods 
on hand until the time, when they would have had a monopoly. Now the 
people of the South (as you know) are opposed to this system in any 
shape, but they can and always will distinguish, between those who sup- 
ported the Tariff of 1824 (as modified in the Senate, ) and those who ad- 
vocate such a Bill as that of the last session, between one (who like your- 
self) looks to the moderate protection of manufactures, without oppress- 
ing any branch of Industry, and one (who like Mr. Clay) wishes to form 


360 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


a party, and for purposes purely selfish, convert, the whole system of In- 
ternal Improvement and the Tariff into a political engine, of manage- 
ment, intrigue and corruption. I repeat, the high and honorable ground 
on which you have always stood, of affording judicious protection to all 
the great interests of the Country, suppressing none, must sustain you 
against the misrepresentation of your enemies, and though we at the 
South, deny the power of Congress to legislate on these points, yet, we 
feel that our interests would always be safe in your hands. 
Notwithstanding the boastful language of the partizans of power, you 
may be assured that the cause of the people is safe in this quarter of the 
union. Of all the Southern States, I consider Louisiana alone as at all 
doubtful. South Carolina is as fixed as “ the everlasting hills which can- 
not be moved ”’, and if New York can be retained in her present temper 
the contest will not be doubtful. But the victory is not yet won. There 
will be a fierce and hard battle during the next session of Congress, and 
the utmost zeal, firmness, and prudence will be necessary on the part of all 
your friends and supporters. One of the difficulties in our way, and not 
the least, is the party differences which have heretofore divided those who 
now find themselves united against the administration. Where bad men 
coalesce, it is necessary that the good of all parties should combine. 
Where a fatal attack is about to be made, on the purity of our institutions, 
and the attempt is openly made to subvert the rights of the people, it be- 
hooves all who are desirous of maintaining these main pillars of our 
political edifice, to forget minor differences, and unite in one great and 
common defence. But still to maintain harmony among persons of vari- 
ous opinions so united it is necessary that the spirit of mutual conciliation 
should be carefully cherished. In looking through the U. S. I can find 
no man but yourself, who as the great leader of such a party, can har- 
monize the elements of discord, and give energy, unanimity and success 
to those who are fighting the battles of liberty and the Constitution. On 
your life and health by dear Sir, at this time, may depend the future 
prosperity and glory of your Country. May the God of mercies have you 
in his holy keeping, and may the remainder of your days be blessed, with 
peace, prosperity, and honor! Having trespassed far beyond the limits I 
had assigned to myself, I must conclude by requesting that mine and 
Mrs. Hayne’s affectionate remembrances may be presented to Mrs. Jack- 
son, and to assure her and yourself that all of my family (even our little 
boys who still remember and speak of you,) will always cherish for both 
of you the highest respect and esteem. yours sincerely 
P. S. My brother and his Lady spend their summer in Charleston. 
They are well, and desire to be kindly remembered to Mrs. J. and yourself. 


DurF GREEN TO JACKSON.’ 


WASHINGTON, June 9, 1827. 
Dear Sir, The espionage upon my correspondence and the laborious 
detail of the duties which devolve on me have prevented me from Com- 


1Green was editor of the U. S. Telegraph, published in Washington as the leading 
organ of the Jackson party. He was attached most particularly to Calhoun’s interest, and 
he came to Jackson when Calhoun began to act with Jackson in 1824. 


June, 1827 361 


municating with you often. The opportunity which offers by Mr. Simp- 
son who visits your part of the Country as a confidential agent of the 
Department to which he is attached and the peculiar relation in which 
we both stand to the public at this moment makes it proper that I should 
suggest the course that I would prefer the investigation, likely to arise 
out of Mr. Carter Beverly’s letter, should take. It is my intention to lay 
before the public the facts and circumstances demonstrating the corrupt 
understanding between Mr Clay and Adams, and if possible provoke an 
appeal on the part of Mr Clay to the House at its next session. This I 
think will be much better than leaving the subject where it now is or of 
permitting yourself to be brought before the public through the news- 
papers as the accuser of Mr Clay more than you now are. Many reasons 
urge upon my mind the propriety of this course. If we succeed in getting 
an impartial or an independent speaker he can organise a Committee 
which will draw to light much hidden matter and compel witnesses to 
testify who cannot otherwise be brought to disclose what they know. 
The fact that Mr Adams has rewarded Markley ? will do much in making 
out the case for he is the person through whom Mr Clay operated on 
Buchanan. Buchanan will not make a statement against Markley and 
must be drawn out by a committee. I shall not give the names of the par- 
ties in the disclosures which I have to make and place it upon the ground 
that it is due to Mr Clay that he should call for an investigation by a 
Committee. 

So much for this matter and now Sir permit me to congratulate you 
and the Country for that ardent patriotism and discriminating intelli- 
gence which marks the discussions in the public Journals devoted to the 
cause of the people and with which I consider your election so completely 
identified. Whilst your enemies have assaulted your public and private 
character and have gone so far as to invade your private sanctuary and 
assailed your amiable partner you have found Consolation and protection 
in the confidence and virtue of a grateful and intelligent people. 

I have had many opportunities of ascertaining public opinion in the 
different states. The Republican party will be joined by the Clintonians 
in New York and arrangements are making among the leading Republi- 
cans of the north to rally with those of the north and south in the sup- 
port of your election. By some it is supposed that you will have a power- 
full opposition organised against you and that your administration will 
be embarassed at every step [of] its operations. This seems to be the 
policy of the Amalgamists of Boston who despairing of the Reelection 
of Mr Adams have resolved to make for themselves a great New En- 
gland party to the aid of which Mr Clay intends to bring his western 
interests. Our republican friends in New England look to this state of 
things and desire that the canvas shall be so conducted as to enable them 
to stand with you on the old basis of the Republican party. I am at the 
same time delicately situated because a large portion of the Republican 
and Patriotic Federalists south of New York particularly in Delaware 
and Maryland are with us and altho the difference between these men is 
as marked as it could be, yet as names have charms which it is difficult to 


2 Philip S. Markley, M. C. from Pennsylvania 1823-1827. 


362 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


break, you will the better understand the guarded position I occupy. You 
owe to your Country that Major Lee should be permitted to develope 
fully the services you have rendered. You must have ample proof in 
your possession that Mr Monroe deserves no thing from your forbearance. 
Public expectation will be much excited and his work will be greedily 
sought for. it [is his] intention to throw it into every section of the Coun- 
try immediately.’ I do not regret the Violence with which you have been 
assailed because it will illicit enquiry and place this election on its proper 
ground before the public. 

You will appreciate the embarasments which surround me unaided as 
I am by that advice and necessary counsel which would guide me from 
committing many errors. I have endeavored to make my paper the organ 
of correct principles and have carefully avoided the falsehood which 
characterise our opponents. In such I have endeavored to prove myself 
opposed to them. renrember me kindly to Mrs. Jackson to Mr and Mrs. 
Donaldson, and accept assurances of unabated respect of 


CARTER BEVERLEY TO JACKSON. 


WHEELING, VA., June 9, 1827. 
Dear Sir, I did myself the pleasure of addressing a letter to you from 
Louisville Kentucky on the 15th Ulto., and for safety, indor[se]d it to 
Mr. Edmonson formerly of that place, now a resident of Nashville. I 
paid the postage on both letters, and urg’d on him to deliver it to you as 
soon as recvd. I reach’d here nearly a week since, and have been Expect- 
ing the arrival of a letter from you.* The public Excitement at Louisville 
and at Cincinati, was very great indeed, in consequence of the publica- 
tion of my letter to my Friend in Fayettville North Carolina: The Friends 
of Mr. Clay appear to be most dreadfully exasperated agt. me; and 
in some instances, have presum’d to doubt the authority of the informa- 
tion I gave. I have found occasion, (wi. the advice of some of yr. 
Friends) to make a publication or two on the subject: The Louisville 
Advertiser contain’d ’em both. I have been variously call’d upon as I 
pass’d on to this place, and even here, by a number of gentlemen, to de- 
tail the facts, as I heard them from you. This I have done wi. critical 
exactness ; and they are resolv’d to bring the whole matter to public view 
at once. They say that it is their part to have the matter ascertain’d; and 
that if Mr. Clay has been capable of advancing to you the proposition in 
reference to, and it can be substantiated agt. him, he ought to be execrated 
and abandon’d forever by his Friends; and that for themselves, partial 
as they are to him, they will forthwith give him up. Have no doubt there- 
fore, that you will be publicly call’d upon to come forward. Mr. Clay 
it is thought will not advance himself further in the business; and his 
Friends, will, some of them (blind to his faults) go on to say that he has 
denied it, when perhaps he has not. 
_Some gentlemen here assure me that he denied the whole at a public 
dinner given to him last summer at this place: They say this wi. posi- 


3 Lee never published the biography. 
1 See p. 355, ante. 


June, 1827 363 


tiveness, and declare that the public will expect from you a developement 
of the entire matter. Some appear to doubt exceedingly yr. ability to 
prove it upon him. Some again say, that Mr. Clay’s Friends might have 
made the attempt upon you, without his having any knowledge of it; and 
for you to have declar’d the circumstance so openly and so very candidly, 
without there being a full authentication of it, perfectly within your reach. 
Yr. Friends believe every word of it, and vehemently maintain that you 
are perfectly incapable of making such an assertion without proof. I 
think proper to make this communication to you, to prepare you for the 
circumstance. Be pleas’d pray to let me hear from you directed hither. 
I still look out to receive a letter from you, in answer to mine I wrote to 
you from Kentucky. I beg my respects to Mrs. Jackson, and am Dear Sir 


[Indorsement in Jackson's handwriting:] Carter Beverly of oth of 
June 1827, not to be answd. have wrote him on the 5th June on the sub- 
ject and the correspondence dropped. 


MAUNSEL WHITE TO JACKSON. 


New Or.EANS, June 14, 1827. 
Genl. Andrew Jackson. 

Dear Sir, 1am now in rect. of your esteemed favors of roth 16. and 28 
May, and feel much gratified that my course has met your approbation. 
and the result is that I have at last Obtained my price for your Cotton, 
say 9 cents allround, I dare not hold on any longer, and truly when it was 
brot. out for Examination I feared for some which was negligently 
handled, yet after considerable Obstinacy on the part of the Enemy, I 
succeeded in getting in the Whole. When we began to Weigh it I was 
surprised to find it loose 12, 14 and 20 lb. Bale. I immediately changed 
the Pattent Balances got others and tried it in every way, seeing that 
nothing could change, our Weights to corrispond with yours. I waited 
on the messr. Dicks who recd. the Cotton you sold, at home, I asked them 
how it held out, and they shewed me that it lost 9 lb. pr. Bale on an Aver- 
age, and Laughed at me, for not being aware that Nearly all Cotton which 
had lain here any length of time and which was put up as planters gen- 
erally do put up their Cottons in damp Weather, loose considerably, if 
stored in Open sheds and any way exposed to the dry Scorching weather 
which we have had here for nearly two Months. I then continued to 
Weigh it and it looses Nearly 12 Ib. pr Bale on an Average, but to shew 
the powerful effect of the dry weather, It will be manifest when I inform 
you that a few Bales which lay at the Bottom of the Pile stowed away 
where sun or Air could not get at them well, lost very little indeed in Com- 
parison. Mr. Foristal the Broker who bot. it from me, weighed it like 
gold for I stood by the time. I could not have supposed that the Weather 
would have had such an effect. I knew that cotton would loose from 6 or 
8 Ib. in three months and much less proportion afterwards and in very 
damp Foggy weather will again, gain, it seems to be something of the 
nature of a sponge with more attraction. The next question is, are your 
Ballances Correct, here we have them regulated twice a year, agreeably 


364 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


to the standard. at any rate so it is and I feel much Mortified that they 
have not held out. enclosed I Send you the Accot Sales Nt proceeds 
$3062 55/100 and by mr Stacker who leaves here in A few days I shall 
send you the Balance I shall owe you. I was Afraid to hold up any longer, 
for fear of letting the sale slip thro my Fingers, besids having Got. 4 
of Cent more than my Neighbours, owing however to a little liveliness in 
the Liverpool Market which I fearing would again subside, I was deter- 
mined to embrace. I know of no price now abroad which will Warrant, 
more’s being given. it is your Name alone therefore that has sold yr 
Cotton. 

I have only to add that your Friends here will be overjoyed to see you," 
and one good thing is they are Sinc[e]re, and Speak with enthusiasm 
of the contemplated Meeting. I have not seen Mr. Delacy yet altho I 
called several times at his Lodgings. be assured it will give me great 
pleasure, to shew any civility in my power to any of your Friends, and if 
I were not well assure’d that you will be provided with Lodgings, I would 
ask you to honor my humble dwelling during yr stay with yr. Friends here. 
with my best Wishes for yr success, and yrs and mrs Jacksons welfare 
I remain 


To Tuomas P. Moore.’ 


HERMITAGE, June 16, 1827. 

D’r Sir, I have this moment recd your letter of the 13th instant and 
hasten to reply—you have Judged correctly. I cannot, nor will not, do 
any act inconsistent with my principles openly avowed, and always prac- 
ticed upon. Was I to go to your State at present, it would be Just what 
my political enemies would rejoice at—it would afford the friends of 
clay and adams a fair opening to defend their course, in the interference 
with State elections with which they have been charged, and instead of 
benefitting the cause of the people injure, and defeat the great principle 
for which they are contending. I would sacrafice much to serve my 
friends but I cannot depart from principle. The people have taken the 
management of their affairs in their own hands and it is safe to leave 
it there. Mrs Js physician has advised her to visit the Springs at Har- 
rodsburgh for her health, and we were preparing for this Journey when 
an act of Providence interposed which will pospone, if not entirely pre- 
vent it, this season. By a stroke of light[n]ing Mrs J. is left without car- 
riage and I without riding horses—but more on this subject when I hear 
from you again. 


I shall be happy to hear from you and believe me respectfully your mo. 
obt. servt. 


1 Probably refers to Jackson’s visit to New Orleans Jan. 8, 18 
) . 8, 1828, to b 
battle-ground celebration, planned by his friends for political effect. Sec cen 


1 Thomas P. Moore was member of Congress fro 
earnest supporter of Jackson. Presa ak SW peal sean seo naa 


June, 1827 365 


Hueu L. Waite To JAcKson. 


KNOXVILLE, June 19, 1827. 

My Dear Sir, The letter, of which, the above is a copy * was recd. yes- 
terday. On this day I [wrote him an] answer, of which, the inclosed is 
a copy. I send them, to the end [that you may k]now what I say, or do, 
connected with your election. If [there] is any thing in my views 
wrong tell me what it is and it shall be immediately corrected. I had 
hoped ere this to have seen you: but cannot ’till fall. Col: Williams is 
pouring out all his wrath upon me, in public and private speaches. For 
these things I care not. He is a mean politician who can get no man to lye 
upon him. 

With great Sincerity Your friend 


To Henry DANIEL.? 


HERMITAGE, June 25, 1827. 
D’r Sir, Your letter of the 9 Inst has been recvd, in which you ask of 
me some explanation relative to the duty imposed in 1824 on Cotton Bag- 
ging. I have a thorough recollection of the circumstances of that Bill, and 
particularly of the proceedings which took place as to the article of 


Bagging. 

When the Bill came to the Senate from the House of Rep my attention 
was directed principally towards those items which I considered essential 
and necessary to our prosperity in times of war, where of Hemp, and 
articles made of Hemp stood prominently. Duck was necessary in war 
as constituting a material article in the preparation of our ships. With 


1The letter was from William H. Crawford to White, dated at Wood Lawn, Ga., 
May 27, 1827. It is as follows: 

“My Dear Sir, Since the election of Mr. Adams a great revolution has taken place 
in this State. The only thing that produces any hesitation with well informed men in 
declaring themselves in favor of General Jackson is an apprehension that his election 
will bring Mr. Calhoun into power. I know this apprehension prevails in every Atlantic 
State from Georgia to Pennsylvania inclusive of both States and no where more strongly 
than in S. Carolina. All well informed men in this State do not hesitate to declare them- 
selves against Adams, but they do hesitate to declare themselves for General Jackson, 
the apprehension that J. C. Calhoun will be patronized if he is elected. The General must 
be badly informed if he supposes he is under any obligations to Calhoun or his friends. 
I know that until Clay declared for Adams he Calhoun was for him also. I have a letter 
now before me in which he says ‘ Jackson shall know, if he does not already know, that 
Henry Clays phraze military chieftain was loudly vociferated by Calhoun’s friends at the 
Calhoun caucus, and his name and fame treated as harshly by Calhouns own family rela- 
tions, as it ever has been by Clay, and not until the Pennsylvania rejection of Calhoun 
did they remember any of his services’. Governor Taylor was upon the spot and relates 
only what he saw or heard. 

“T have also another letter from General David R. Williams than whom a more upright 
-man or a more sincere patriot does not exist. He says in describing an interview he 
had with two of General Jacksons friends, ‘But one unpleasant impression growing out 
of these communications and in this I hope I have taken a wrong impression, i. e. that the 
opposition are disposed to favor Mr. Calhoun, either by keeping him in his office, or by 
sanctioning his appointment as one of the next Cabinet, I did all I could to produce a 
belief that he could aid us nothing, and saying he deserves nothing of us, deserves to be 
punished first.’ If you are able to give us assurances that the election of General Jackson 
will not favor Mr. C.’s election you will essentially benefit the General and relieve many 
respectable and intelligent gentlemen from doubt and embarrassment.” 

1 Handwriting of John H. Eaton. Daniel lived at Mount Sterling, Ky. 


366 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


a view to an uniform and equal operation of the Tarriff in different sec- 
tions of our Country it seemed proper that a relative and corresponding 
duty should be placed on all and every article of which Hemp was the 
material part: and this object appeared to have been regarded by the Ho 
of Rep, looking to the shape in which the Bill came to the Senate. 

An increased duty tho on Russian and Holland Duck going to affect 
the shipping interest of N England was objected to; the amount at which 
it had been placed by the House of Rep was stricken out, and the ad 
valorem duty reduced to 15 p cent. Acting with a view to uniform jus- 
tice between the No and South, I could not discern the propriety of plac- 
ing Ducks needful to our merchant ships at a low rate of duty, and Bag- 
ging made of the same material at a more advanced duty. You will 
accordingly find that on the first application to reduce the 4% Cents 
duty on Bagging I voted against it; and did likewise vote against reduc- 
ing Russian and Holland ducks to the ad valorem duty of 15 pr Cent. 
(See Senate Journal 1823-24, pages 361-368). The motion to reduce 
however succeded, after which time I deemed it right and so voted to 
make a correspondent reduction on Bagging. The two Houses remained 
divided between 4%4 and 3%: this in the end was settled by a commit- 
tee of conference at 3 and 34 to which I agreed and for which sum I 
voted, and likewise for the entire Bill on its final passage. 

Another consideration operated! The Ho of Rep had placed the duty 
on Hemp at 2 Cents a pound. This the Senate had stricken out and re- 
duced contrary to my vote and wishes to I think $35 a ton, making about 
25 per Cent deduction. Uniformity being essential and right, it seemed 
to be quite proper, that as the raw material was reduced, so likewise 
should there be a correspondent reduction on the manufactured material. 

These concisely are the considerations and reasons which operated with 
me on that part of the tarriff of 1824 about which you have solicited my 
views and opinions. 

wishing you health and happiness I am very respectful[1]y yo mo obt 


CARTER BEVERLEY TO JACKSON." 


WHEELING, VA., June 27, 1827. 

Dear Sir, Since the date of my letters two days ago, one inclos’d to 
Mr. James Edmonson of Nashville wi. sundry documents, (and the 
postage pd. upon it,) and the other directed to you, I have recd. a letter 
from the Honble Judge Caldwell of this place, directed to Mr. Noah Zane, 
a resident here also, and inclos’d to me by his letter. It is a full detail 
of Mr. Clay’s denial on sunday last, before them all, of the whole of the 
charges contain’d in your letter, both agt. him and his Friends. I have 
sent an attested copy of it by this day’s mail, to Mr. Duff Green. cf 
Washington City, to appear immediately in the Telegraph. 

Your declarations are pretty generally believ’d; and Mr. Clay and the 
Administration are daily sinking in the public opinion. Under the whole 

1 Jackson di i i ink i 
ote Rare i a rea ; oes pera eginedee, ee Beir 
Beverley wrote Jackson another long letter, filled with weak opinions and complaints. 
Jackson did not reply to it nor to another from the same source dated Jan. 20, 1828, and 


transmitted through the hands of Jackson’s intimate friend, Sam Hou 
are in the Jackson MSS. ; ane eee 


June, 1827 367 


aspect of the business, the peuple will not disbelieve the fact, that strong 
attempts were projected among them, to get you over to them. More- 
over, they believe in the negotiation between Mr. Adams and _ him. 
Your candor and openness to me in your letter, gives great satisfaction, 
and the prompt manner in which you met my letter from Louisville is 
equally pleasing to them. The partizans of the Coalition, had com- 
menc’d a report, to impress the community wi. a total disbelief of me; 
and had gone so far, as to say, that you never would in any shape reiterate 
the subject of my letter to my Friend in Fayette-ville. The arrival of 
yr. letter consequently, threw them all into deep consternation ; especially, 
as the morning after, Mr. Clay was to be here, and did arrive. The course 
taken wi. your letter by Mr. Zane, was a scandalous and unprecidented 
liberty: I have expos’d both him, Mr. Clay and the Junto upon their con- 
duct regarding it; and sent it to Mr Green to appear in the Telegraph, 
that the public may veiw the grossness and vile impudence of their con- 
duct, and that you may be satisfied of the advantage taken of my confi- 
dence in Mr. Zane, a man far advanc’d in life as he is, and of very high 
character. A Gentleman has just arriv’d in this neighborhood from 
Florida, a Mr. Floyd; and openly states, after reading a copy of yr. 
letter to me, that he hear’d Colo. Gadsden in Florida, say distinctly, that 
he had communicated to you, exactly what you wrote me; Floyd is con- 
sider’d a young man of considerable respectability, and he is relied, upon 
for this fact. Colo. Gadsden was a member then from South Carolina, 
and he is a man whose character stands high; of course, yr. letter is most 
importantly supported at once. This additional matter, is making great 
way among the people here, and every credit given to the charges. 

That you may be fully and fairly convinc’d, that I have been most 
innocently drawn into this business, I beg leave to quote to you, part of a 
letter just recd. from my Friend in Fayetteville N. C. upon the subject 
of my letter to him, and his disclosure of it. 


Copy Fayerrevitte N. Carolina 14th June 1827. 


My Dear Sir, I have had the pleasure to receive your most esteem’d favors, 
from Natchez and Cincinati, (that from Louisville not yet to hand). They 
have interested me much. Perhaps I did wrong in permitting the editor of 
the “ Observer ”, to publish an extract of your letter of march from Nashville : 
at any rate, I did it without due consideration of the subject, which is a poor 
excuse for a man of 57. Mr. Hale (the editor) is a young man of most 
estimable qualities, and a great favorite wi. me, and I am indebted to him for 
very many of the agreeable hours that I have pass’d here. When |i recd. 
your letter, I was so far on my way to his reading room, I had no hesitation 
in shewing him your letter, as a friend, but without the smallest intention, 
at the time of committing any part of it to the press. Some days after, we 
spoke on the subject of printing the extract; which subsequently appear’d. 
Our reasoning was as follows. The charge agt. Mr. Clay was a grave one 
indeed. If true, he was unworthy of the confidence or respect of the american 
public. If false, he would and ought to prove it so. Genl, Jackson made the 
statement to you, neither in private or in confidence—(at least several persons 
were present). He was either then, under a delusion of a serious nature, 
produc’d by misstatements of those in whom he confided; or he could prove 


26 


368 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the charge. If the first, as he is a man of high honorable character, he would 
be pleas’d to be satisfied of his error; If the second, he appear d, as he ought, 
to seek opportunities before Gentlemen of high character, to name the cir- 
cumstances; that he might be call’d upon to substantiate the charge; or, he 
would not have nam’d it to you, in presence of so many gentlemen, or in fact 
at all. Besides, the charge had gone the rounds of the public print-, at least 
once before, and I think twice. Hence, I did not suppose it would occupy the 
whole public as it has done, and I apprehend produc’d to you a great deal of 
trouble and anxiety of mind. If either, I shall regret it sorely. Iam Dr. Sir 
Sincerely yr friend 


I trust, should any apprehensions have at all crept upon yr. mind, as 
to my honorable intention towards you in this unlook’d for, and acci- 
dental, business; you will readily throw it off, and believe that it was un- 
sought for, and altogether unexpected by me: The zeal and honor of my 
Friend, emboldened him, from his high opinion of yr. integrity and good 
Judgement, to develope it. Your letter to me exculpating me so frankly, 
and so greatly to yr. eredit, affords me the very utmost relief. I have 
been most severely goaded indeed, by a junto of low-liv’d hireling printers 
in every diriction of this western, and north western section of the union, 
and by a numerious body of time serving creatures to the Coalition. They 
are however now completely prostrated, and are put down, and I trust 
and hope most effectually and permanently, wi. their whole and entire 
corrupt Body. 

The people are speaking strongly and confidently of this matter being 
brought fully and fairly before the next Congress: That Mr. Adams 
ought to be impeach’d, and made to answer to the nation for so great a 
degredation upon the people: He stands charg’d wi. gross and foul cor- 
ruption; and ought to be held accountable for it. This idea is gaining 
ground very rapidly: I see that Ritchie of the Richd. Enquirer, has al- 
ready hinted at this course, as one that ought, and will be taken. Mr. Clay 
acknowledg’d here at Mr. Zane’s House on sunday, that he had long heard 
of your free speaking, and charges upon him, reiterated by yr. Friends; 
but, that he never could before, get at it in any tangible form. He now 
had at last gotten it under full authority, and was enabled thereby to 
confront it. 

I told the Gentleman, (who told it to me, Colo. Moses Chaplane) a 
lawyer of high respectability, and who mention’d it to me, before a mr. 
Forsythe a merchant here, and mr. Moses Good, a young Lawyer of high 
character here; that I beg’d him to recollect what he said; for, he would 
perhaps, have to repeat it hereafter. He said he should not forget it. 
Thus, you see how very artful Mr. Clay is; for he has all along known 
of these charges upon him, and he has fain’d ignorance and want of 
proof; when he well knew, you would have, at any moment given it to him 
from under yr. own signature. I mention this, to show you, how cun- 
ningly this creature and his coadjutors and supporters have acted, and 
will endeavor to persist in, agt. you. They ought to have no quarter given 
them, but be prostrated if possible. 

I must now refer you for all further particulars to the Telegraph, and 
the other news Papers; for you will, I apprehend, ’ere this reaches you, 


June, 1827 369 


see the whole matter spread before the Community, wi. severe editorial 
remarks upon the Chief and his coadjutor. 
my sincere respects to Mrs. Jackson 
I am Dear Sir, wi. very sincere respect and esteem 


To CoLonEL CHARLES P. Tutt.’ 


HERMITAGE, June 30, 1827. 

D’r Sir, yours of the 6th instant has Just reached me, and be assured, 
I feel very gratefull for the information it communicates. 

Whilst the conduct of the sec of war,’ which you detail, inspires only 
feelings of contempt for the man, I can assure you it would give me 
much pleasure (and I am sure it would my friends) to see all my ac- 
counts in the Indian, as well as every other department of the govt. ex- 
posed to public view, and fairly contrasted with Genl Brown accounts, 
or any other officer of the army or the goverment. I defy all the panders 
of power to injure me by exposing all and every transaction with Govt. 
during my whole life—whenever I had the disbursing of public mony 
it will be seen, that I used it with oeconomy and Justly. 

My friends in next congress will, I trust, call for a full investigation 
of my accounts and others. This I expect the sec of war has heard of; 
and the inuendoes are intended for effect, perhaps, to keep my friends 
from making the call for those accounts. My friends have been prohibited 
from a view of my correspondence with the goverment, fearing, as it is 
alledged, that they would have a view of others, against which “(the 
Honble. Sec) has insuperable objections”. 

In my public acts, as well as private, I have always viewed honesty the 
best policy and pursued it. Therefore I fear nothing that can be extracted 
from my accounts. If mutulated, or forged, accounts are given out, such 
as was handed to Frank Johnston it is as easy to detect them as those 
given to Frank, in which there appears to have existed nearly seven 
thousand dollars of an Error. This was an intentional error, I have no 
doubt, and for the purpose which was attempted; but it has recoiled on 
their own heads. Rest assured I am prepared at all points, and my friends 
need have no fear of the result. 

Mrs. J. begs me to say to you, that the use you have made of the pipe, 
meets her entire approbation, she unites with me in a tender of our best 
wishes to you, your lady, and family, and desires me to add that it would 
afford her great pleasure, as it would myself, to have you and your 
family as neighbours in this country. 

accept assurances of my great respect and Esteem 


To Major Wit.1AM B. Lewis.’ 


[ HERMITAGE, June, 1827. ] 
D’r Sir, I wanted much to see you before I set out for Carthage. I 
have been told that Mr. Little has stated, that at the time Dr. Mays letter 


1 Copy. 
2 James Barbour of Virginia. ; 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Here again we may see how completely Jackson took the 


command over Lewis in the campaign of defense in 1827-1828. 


370 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


bears date, he was incapable of writing. To this fact Lytles certificate 
ought to be had and I urged this upon the mind of Mr. McLamore when 
I last saw him, will you attend to this. I am also told that Col. Anderson 
has stated to Mr. Barry that he gave to Col. William[s] these letters him- 
self. This ought to be attended to and have Mr. Barrys statement of this 
fact, as I have no doubt, the villain Col. Williams will deny it, or he may 
think the statement can only be proven by the youths declarations who 
is dead. say to McLamore that these things ought now to be attended 
to and Lytles certificate and Mr. Barrys certificate must be had. Judge 
White has been refered to, and Barrys certificate must be had to support 
Judge White. I pray you to attend to this. 

Inclosed I send you a rough draft of a peace for publication, so soon 
as the necessary statement can be had from Mr. E. H. Foster, who has 
promised to give it, and who has promised to give the form of the oath 
administered to the President and Cashier of the Bank. To this might be 
added Major Eatons statement with regard to the paper circulated by 
Mr. Tolliver or Taliafero, said to be in my handwriting which was sent 
from the south west with this averment that the indorsement said by 
Eaton to be in Andrew J. Donelsons handwriting, cannot possibly be the 
fact, that A. J. D. was but about eleven years old at that time and then 
absent at school, and had never writen a line at or about my house in his 
life. My dr. Sir have the obtaining of these certificates attended to. The 
war is now in africa, and we must strengthen Judge White who is refered 
to. My opinion is, that the letters signed F. May will be found in the 
handwriting of Wm. P. Anderson, or J. P. Erwin and signed by May. 
Be this as it may, the letters give evidence, of the insanity, of the writer, 
or it is not to [be] presumed that any man would give evidence that 
would dam himself. Therefore I want Lytles certificate. 

I pray you to attend to it. 


[Endorsed by Lewis:] June 1827 


SOLOMON PENN, JjR., TO JACKSON. 


LouisviL_z, Ky., July 5, 1827. 

D’y Sir, T learn from a source to be relied on, that Mr. Clay has ob- 
tained your letter to Carter Beverly (or a copy of it) directed to Wheel- 
ing; and that the next Reporter * will contain a denial of the truth of the 
contents of that letter, and an attack upon you over-Mr. Clay’s signature. 
I view this as an effort to affect the elections in Kentucky, and it will 
have considerable effect, unless it be promptly, firmly and temperately 
met. Clay, I am told, has boasted that he has now got you in a situation, 
that will constrain you to write in your defence, and that he will thereby 
effect your destruction. He has evidently two great objects in view—to 
carry this State according to agreement, and to keep you before the public 
in a defensive attitude. A statement of the case must, I presume, now be 
made by you, and it should be moderately and cautiously done; as every 
statement or allegation, not clearly sustained, will be disproved. I make 


_ 1 The Kentucky Reporter, published in Lexington; Clay’s letter, etc., appeared in the 
issue of July 4. 


July, 1827 371 


this remark, because Clay and his minions, will go all lengths, even in 
swearing. But let the public hear from you as early as possible, as it is 
highly important to your friends in Kentucky that Mr. Clay’s statements 
may be rebutted in time to counteract any erroneous impression they 
may make, previous to the first Monday in August. Perhaps a brief 
reiteration of the contents of your letter to C. Beverly would be sufficient, 
until the testimony can be adduced to support them. Weigh this subject 
Ee for, on the manner in which it may be disposed of, every thing may 
epend. 

I shall make no apology for addressing you thus freely, as you know, 
my dear sir, the spirit in which these suggestions are made. There will 
be great exultation for a time, but it will be silenced, I am persuaded, by 
the voice of truth. 

Your Friend 


To Rosert MiItts.* 


HERMITAGE, July 8, 1827. 

Dear Sir, I have received your favor of the 15th ulto. accompanied 
with a map of the district of Lancaster within which I was born. For 
this flattering evidence of your regard be pleased to accept my sincere 
thanks. 

A view of the map pointing to the spot that gave me birth, brings fresh 
to my memory many associations dear to my heart, many days of pleasure 
with my juvenile companions; but alas, most of them are gone to that 
bourne where I am hastening and from which no one returns. I have not 
visited that country since the year 1784. Most of the names of places are 
changed; all the old generation appears to have passed away, and to be 
succeeded by another more numerous and often differently named. The 
crossing of Waxaw creek, within one mile of which I was born, is still, 
however, I see, possessed by Mr. John Crawford, son of the owner 
(Robert) who lived there when I was growing up and at school. I lived 
there for many years, and from the accuracy with which this spot is 
marked on the map, I conclude the whole must be correct. 

With great respect, I have the honor to be, sir, 

your very obedient servant, 


Durr GREEN TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, July 8, 1827. 
Dear Sir. The multiplied duties of my office have kept me so much 
engaged that, I have not indulged myself in writing letters as I should do. 
You have been of the number neglected. You will however permit me 
through you to tender to mrs Jackson the congratulations of a sincere 


1 This letter, in the possession of Thomas D. Dimitry, of New Orleans, was printed 
in the New Orleans Times-Picayune, Jan. 10, 1915. For a copy of it the editor is 
indebted to Miss Stella Herron, of New Orleans. Robert Mills, to whom it was writ- 
ten, was a civil engineer and architect of South Carolina, who later resided in Wash- 
ington. He was architect of the Treasury, Land Office, and Patent Office, and made the 
original design for the Washington Monument. The map must have been a sheet from 
the atlas which accompanied his Statistics of South Carolina (Charleston, 1826). 
Jackson’s birthplace is marked on it. 


372 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


friend on the satisfactory and conclusive vindication of her innocence 
which has been presented to the public by the Nashville Committee. To 
a lady of her great sensibility the knowledge of her own innocence would 
bring much consolation but that sensibility must have been the more acute 
when she saw that the e[n]venomed shafts of malice were aimed at her 
on your account. Let her rejoice—her vindication is complete—the voice 
of slander is hushed—and she must be gratified to know that your mag- 
nanimity to her is rightly appreciated by an intelligent public, That so far 
from impairing the confidence of the people in you this attack has made 
you many friends. I am aware of the delicacy of the subject and under 
other circumstances would be last to intrude such remarks upon your 
notice but I have not been without my share of difficulty in this matter, 
I saw the necessity of bringing home the matter to mr Adams’ own family 
and by threats of retaliation drove the Journal * to condemn itself. 

This you have no doubt seen and understood. The effect here was like 
electricity. The whole Adams corps were thrown into consternation— 
soon they had no doubt that I would execute my threat and I was de- 
nounced in the most bitter terms for assailing female character by those 
very men who had rolled the slanders on mrs. J. under their tongues as 
the sweetest morsel that had been dressed up by peter Force and Co during 
the whole campaign. It was plainly hinted that my paper must not be 
taken at the public offices and some of those who has been suspected of 
Jacksonism were weak enough to discontinue, and some others to threaten 
me with a meeting of your friends to disavow any aprobation of my re- 
marks unless I would make some apology!! I put them at once at difi- 
ance—told them that they had done nothing for the support of the cause— 
that I had never looked to their fears or their hopes for counsel, and that 
I looked to the people and not to the attachees of the palace for appro- 
bation. The gentlemen were check mated and some of them have bowed 
to me most politely since—especialy if no spies are near when we meet. 

I find that I have dwelt much more at large on this unpleasant topic 
than I intended. One great object in addressing you this is to say that I 
suspect mr Monroe is apprised that you have discovered his treachery to 
you and is desirous to lend the influence of his name to promote the re- 
election of Mr Adams. I am told that numerous documents in relation 
to the Campaign of 1814-15 have been furnished him from the War De- 
partment and that he and Southard have been in active correspondence. 
Is it not probable that the late notice of your correspondence with South- 
ard, in the National Intelligenc[er] is intended to provoke a publication on 
your part, so as to give mr Monroe an opportunity to retract? If this 
conjecture be right it would appear to me proper that Monroe’s former 
treachery (for I can call it by no other name) should be exposed. How 
much did the sight of that letter change my opinion of the man!! 

I have written to Doctor Wallace to send me a copy of your cor- 
respondence, that I may be prepared to act. I shall endeavor to do the 
best I can and altho I will not unnecessarily bring mr Monroe into the 
controversy—if he obtrudes himself he will find me prepared to do him 
ample justice. 


1The Daily National Journal, administration organ. 


July, 1827 373 


I feel the want of confidential friends and advisers. I have a few fast 
friends who are true, and ready to aid with advice but there are but two 
or three in whose opinions I can confide. Our atmosphere is infected— 
those in office br[eathe] upon permission of the President and his influ- 
ence is felt in every workshop in the city. It will not do for me to re- 
ceive my impulses from such sources. I should soon sink even below 
Gales and Seaton were I to do so. 

Your friend 


To JAMEs BUCHANAN.’ 


HERMITAGE, July 15, 1827. 

D’r Sir, You will see from the enclosed publication of Mr Clay repell- 
ing the Statement made by me respecting the propositions said to have 
been made by his friends to mine and to me and intended to operate upon 
the last election for President, that it becomes necessary for the public 
to be put in possession of the facts. In doing this you are aware of the 
position which you occupy, and which I trust you will sustain when prop- 
erly called on. Ever since the publication and the enquiry before the 
House of Representatives in January and February 1825 questions have 
been propounded from various sources calculated to draw from me the 
information I had upon that unpleasant subject—Many no doubt with 
sinister views placing me in selfish connections with the facts, from my 
accustomed silence have sought to fortify the character of Mr. Clay: 
But in a number of cases where enquiry seemed to be prompted by a frank 
and generous desire to obtain the truth I felt myself bound to answer in 
a corresponding spirit ; and accordingly the Statement made by you to me 
has been on several occasions repeated, as it was to Mr. Beverly who 
visited me at my house where he found a number of his friends and rela- 
tives. Having tarried all night, in the morning conversing on politics, the 
question so often put to me before was asked by Mr. Beverly. It was 
answered—Mr. B. went to Nashville and wrote to his friend in No. Caro- 
lina who it appears published his letter. On the 15th of May last he wrote 
me from Louisville requesting to be informed whether the statement made 
by him was correct and observing that his letter was not intended for 
publication. not having seen the letter as published there was no safe 
alternative for me but that adopted of making the statement as you will 
see in the inclosed paper. 

I shall now in reply to Mr Clays appeal give my authority accompanied 
by the statement you made to Major John H. Eaton and to Mr. Kreamer 
and leave Mr. Clay to his further enquiries. He cannot be indulged by me 
in a paper war or newspaper discussion. Had his friends not voted out 
Mr. McDuffies resolutions when Mr. Clay threw himself upon the House 
the truth or falshood of these statements would have been made manifest 
and the public mind now at rest upon this subject. That they did will ap- 
pear, reference being had to the National Journal of the 5th of February 


1 Hist. Soc. Pa., Buchanan Papers. This letter is in the Works of Buchanan, ed. 
Moore, I. 261. Buchanan’s reply to it, Aug. 10, 1827, is in the same volume, p. 269. His 
statement with respect to Jackson’s charges, dated Aug. 8, 1827, has appeared in many 
places, as for instance in Colton’s Life and Times of Clay, I. 352, and in Works of 
Buchanan, I. 263. 


374 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


1825. You will recollect that Mr. McDuffie moved to instruct the com- 
mittee to enquire whether the friends of Mr. Clay have hinted that they 
would fight for those who pay best, and whether overtures were said to 
have been made by the friends of Mr. Clay offering him the appointment 
of Secretary of State for his aid to elect Mr. Adams, and whether his 
friends gave this information to the friends of Genl. Jackson and hinted 
that if the friends of Jackson would close with them etc. etc. giving the 
committee the power to examine on oath. 

I have no doubt when properly called on you will come forth and af- 
firm the statement made to Major Eaton, then to Mr. Kreamer and then 
to me, and give the names of the friends of Mr. Clay who made it to you 

I will thank you to acknowledge the receipt of this letter on its reaching 
you 


Durr GREEN TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, July 18, 1827. 

.... By a note from Major Lee I find that there are some difficul- 
ties in the way of his examination of your papers necessary to the execu- 
tion of the Work which he has undertaken. I regret this for many rea- 
sons but chiefly on account of the delay which it will produce in the 
publication of the work. More than 15 months ago I urged upon major 
Eaton the necessity of issuing a cheap edition of your biography and at 
that time understood that some important facts had been omited in his 
work. it was not contemplated to do more at that time than to abridge 
his work. I urged upon him to undertake it. I was willing to undergo 
the risk of all expense incurred in the publication—but I had a greater 
object than any profits to arise from the publication. Your biography 
was necessary to a proper estimation of your public services which form 
as much a part of the history of the country as of your own life and are 
as essential to our public character as to a proper estimate of your claims 
to public gratitude. When I left him in Nashville he was at a loss and I 
understood him to say that he could not undertake the work. anxious to 
bring it out upon my arrival at Washington I saw major Lee and sug- 
gested to him the execution of the work, he immediately engaged to enter 
on it and we should have brought it out ere this had not the Secretary 
of War refused him access to your official Correspondence. I then wrote 
to major Lewis and it was upon the receipt of his letter that Major Lee 
resolved to go on to Nashville. Had I supposed that major Eaton de- 
sired to write out such a work I would have been the last man to inter- 
fere in any way; but supposing that we both concurred in the propriety of 
its being done, I fear that I have misunderstood his feelings and wishes 
and committed myself to major Lee under circumstances calculated to 
embaras us all. Knowing that what I now write can have no influence 
in any determination he may make upon the subject this explanation is 
written as an apology to you for the trouble that Major Lee and myself 
have caused you. To major Eaton I am under obligations [for] kindness 
for which I shall be mindful and which [will] make his wishes on such an 


July, 1827 375 


occasion my supreme [object.] I would not wound his feelings for any 
inducement and I [feel] that he knows me too well to suppose otherwise.* 

As to politics, I fear that I often do wrong, I shall however draw 
largely upon the forbearance and forgiveness of my political friends. 
they must substitute the will for the Deed and if I do err place it to any 
thing else than a want of zeal in the cause or attachment to you. You 
flatter me much in the estimate You are pleased to place on my exer- 
tions—my position does much, I wish I had talents and information 
suited to the immergency. I am truly gratified to find that all the attacks 
of your enemies recoil upon themselves. 

Be pleased to tender my best wishes to Mrs Jackson and to mr and 
mrs. Donaldson, for yourself recieve assurances of friendship from 


To WILLIAM OwEns.’ 


ROBERTSON’S SPRINGS, July 25, 1827. 

Dear sir: Your letter of the 22d inst. was handed to me late last 
evening, and I hasten to answer the inquiries, as requested, in regard to 
the case of Harris and the other five militia men who were executed at 
Mobile. 

The regiment to which these unfortunate men belonged, was received 
into the service by the orders of the general government, was mustered 
for a six months tour, and was paid accordingly, for said service, as will 
appear by the muster and pay rolls, and by colonel Pipkin’s report to me. 
These rolls, with colonel Pipkin’s report, the proceedings and sentence 
of the court martial detailed for the trial, and all the circumstance con- 
nected with the subject, are or ought to be, on record at Washington city, 
where I have no doubt, Mr. Buckner has had a full opportunity of ex- 
amining them. I confidently assert, that they stamp the allegations of 
Mr. Buckner with falsehood. 

The letter which Mr. Buckner now makes use of, in order to injure 
my character, is well ascertained to be a forgery. It was first published 
by Binns, editor of the Democratic Press, purporting to be a letter from 
the unfortunate Harris to me. Now this man never wrote but one letter 
to me, that I ever saw, or heard of before this publication, and in that he 
acknowledged himself to be guilty of the enormous crimes charged against 
him, and stated his willingness to meet the just sentence of the court. 
If Mr. Buckner was as desirous to cull the truth from the archives of 
the nation, as he is to pluck from me my hard earned reputation, he 
would have seen that general Winchester, who commanded at Mobile 
at the time that this Binns letter is dated, made several communications 
to me after that date, and before he had any knowledge that the battle of 
New Orleans had been fought. Does not this circumstance show the im- 
possibility of Mr. Harris having this knowledge at the time stated, and 


1 Lee had a ready and efficient pen and, contrary to the idea expressed in this letter, he 
did not give up his design to write a life of Jackson. A part of the book was actually 
written and in a rather lengthy stay at the Hermitage in 1827-1828 Lee obtained a_strong 
influence with Jackson. Later on the impression grew that he was mainly a Calhoun 
man and, seconded by Duff Green, he used his influence with Jackson in behalf of a 
Calhoun succession, and finally fell away from Jackson. See also p. 291, ante, note I. 

1 Reprinted from the Kentucky Gazette (July 31, 1827) in Niles’ Register, XXXII. 20. 


376 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


still more that he could have gained it in time to have made it a ground 
of application for mercy. The letters of gen. Winchester to me show that 
he did not receive intelligence of the victory until the 17th January: this 
forged letter give the intelligence to Mr. Harris two days before. Strange 
indeed, that Mr. Harris closely confined in jail should be so much earlier 
informed than the commandant of that post. 

It would give me great pleasure to send you printed copies from the 
documents in my possession, properly certified, proving what I have here 
asserted, but it is impossible that this can be done within so short a period 
as that requested. I trust, however, that the statement here made will be 
sufficient, with all honorable men, to counteract the false impressions 
sought to be forced upon the freemen of Kentucky by Mr. Buckner. 

As a public or private man, speaking of transactions which concern the 
reputation and characters of others, every manly feeling should remind 
him, that he ought to be guided by established facts, not by the hearsay 
of a party; and when he thus produces facts, or the least plausible ground 
upon which to bottom such charges, as those which you have recited, I 
pledge myself to be at all times ready to meet him at the bar of my country. 

It may be proper to remark in conclusion, that the finding of the court 
proves conclusively that those men were legally in service—or otherwise, 
that they must have been acquitted. I approved, of their condemnation, 
because they were the promoters and ringleaders of the mutiny and de- 
sertion, committed at a period when the safety of our southern frontiers 
was threatened, at a period which called for the most energetic measures, 
and when every nerve of the government was stretched in the defence of 
our liberties. When they violated the law in such an attrocious manner, 
the public good demanded their sacrifice. Had they have done their duty 
as faithful soldiers, their country would have rewarded them with its pro- 
tection and gratitude. 

I am, sir, your most obedient servant. 


P. S. It will be recollected in the revolutionary war, at a time of great 
trial, gen. Washington ordered deserters to be shot without trial. Captain 
Reed under this order, having arrested three, had one shot without trial, 
and his head brought to the general; but he, (gen. Washington), repri- 
manded Reed for not shooting the whole three. General Green, near 
Rudgly’s mill, South Carolina, says Gordon’s history, had eight men hung 
on one pole for desertion. Johnson’s life of Green says five, without court 
martial. I only approved of the proceedings of a court composed of men 
who were the friends and neighbors of those to be tried by them. 

Respectfully, 


To Durr GREEN. 


ae Hermirtace, August 13, 1827. 
D’r Sir, 1 have the pleasure to acknowledge the receipt of your two 
letters of the 8th and 18th ult, the letter in answer of mine of the 29th 
June last. 
The manner you have treated the Beverly business is proper, and one 
which I approve; Mr Clay must throw himself on some tribunal cloathed 
with power to investigate this matter and to coerce the attendence of 


August, 1827 377 


witness and examine upon oath, or sink in the estimation of all the honest 
and virtuous portion of society. The course of my friends, ought now 
to be as heretofore on the defensive; should the administration continue 
their systematic course of slander, it will be well now and then to throw 
a fire brand into their camp by the statement of a few facts, but female 
charecter never should be introduced or touched by my friends, unless a 
continuation of attack should continue to be made against Mrs. J. and 
then only, by way of Just retaliation upon the known guilty. My great 
wish is, that it may be altogether avoided, if possible, by my friends. I 
never war against females and it is only the base and cowardly that do— 
your course, has hitherto been, approved by my friends, and must con- 
tinue to be approved, so long as you adopt truth and principle for your 
guide, never departing from either. 

Before this reaches you, you will have seen my reply to mr Clays 
appeal to the people. His speeches to dinner parties before my reply was 
recd, give evidence of his intention to forestall public opinion, by making 
up an Issue for himself that my statement did not warrent, and displays 
his inward dread of the disclosure to the public of the individual who 
made to me the communication. They are also proof to me that he knew 
as well as I did the gentleman who had made the communication to me. 
I had no fear but Mr Buchannan would come out when properly called 
on, and his letter to you is a clear pledge that he will—he cannot do other- 
wise, having first made the communication to Eaton, then to Kremer, they 
refusing to communicate, then coming to me — in short Mr. B. knows 
that Mr McDuffies resolution was based upon this information and the 
declarations of Frank Johnston, in the presence of Col Sandford, made 
to Kremer. 

? will Clay make the call upon Buchannan. If he does will not Mr B. 
reply, place yourself before a tribunal competant to investigate, and to 
send for persons and papers, and interrogate upon oath, before which I 
will detail all I know, and have communicated to Genl Jackson, with the 
source from whence I derived my knowledge and induced me to make 
the communication to Genl Jackson? or, what will be his course. 

If Mr Clay places himself before a proper tribunal to investigate ; there 
must be circumstantial, presumptive, and positive proof, sufficient to au- 
thorise a Jury to convict on a charge of murder. Trimbles speech, Frank 
Johnstons declarations, Moors, Calls and others information; and lastly, 
Clays being appointed Sec of State must be viewed as the positive proof 
of the bargain, and this act, as its full and compleat performance. I have 
recd several letters disclosing channels thro which testimony can be had, 
one, if true, that fixes upon clay proof that will convince worlds of his 
corruption. I have Col Sandfords statement. I never have heard that 
Major Eaton was hurt at any conduct of yours. 

I have said to major Lee that he can have copies of any correspondence 
of mine with the goverment, not confidential. If, as you intimate, Mr 
Munroe does come out, then these documents may be given to the public. 
I act on the defensive, The copy of the letter of Mr M to the sec of war 
on the subject of his view of the orders to me, and to which you alude, 
which was forwarded by Genl Houston, is not, as to me, confidential, 


378 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


major Lee having given me the original, and taken the copy. he can do 
with as he pleases. When you have leisure I will be glad to hear from you. 
with my best wishes aieu 


P. S. Ihave recd. several letters from my friends in N. Y. approving 
of my reply to Mr Clay. 


To Rev. Harpy M. CryeEr.* 


HERMITAGE, August 18, 1827. 

Dear Sir, Busines having brought me to Gallatin I rode over to see you 
and pay you for the season of my mares. I have to remark that no laches 
on my part, shall place you in a delicate situation—I have therefore to 
request you to see Mr Shelby, settle the bisuness, draw upon me for the 
amount, and I will sight check for it. 

I wish you to say whether I shall pay you now, for my gray mare, or 
when she brings the cdalt, if she should be so fortunate as to do so—I be- 
lieve it was understood as she had lost both her coalts, if she lost this, I 
was not to pay for the season. If that is your understanding I am willing 
to pay you now, and if again unfortunate, the money to be returned when 
the event is known. 

Nothing has prevented me from sending the check with but the want 
of a knowledge of the amount—you should have had a check enclosed 
from the Springs but I did not know the amount. I request you to see 
Mr Shelby, settle the amount due him, and notify me and I will send you 
a check, or of you prefer it, the cash. Why I say a check, I seldom have 
the amount at home. 

I had a great wish to see you, and hope you and your lady can pay us 
the promised visit next week. 

Respectfully your friend, 


To JoHN OveERTON.* 


HERMITAGE, August 18, 1827. 

D’r Sir, I enclose you a letter, containing the peace aluded to in my 
note to you the other day. The statement your deceased brother is made 
to make is the vilest forgery and falsehood ever penned—I have no doubt 
but it is furnished from Nashville or its neighborhood. To put this down, 
and that the villians should be unmasked, I would suggest that it might 
be proper for Genl W. Overton to demand of the Editor his author and 
corner it; in this way, such dishon[o]rable tales as it relates to the memory 
of your deceased brother ought to be put down. The whole statement is 
a base fabrication by the forger, and if the Editor has not fabricated it, 
himself, he ought to be made to give up his informant, In time, they may 
discover whether Jackson has a tremulous hand. 


Respectfully yr friend 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. Rev. Hardy M. Cryer was a Methodist minister. He was passio: 

: i. : natel 
devoted to blooded horses and continued to breed them. This love of horses aid his high 
integrity of character bound him to Jackson, and they remained warm friends through life. 

1 Transcripts of Overton letters in the possession of Professor St. George L. Sioussat. 


This letter probably refers to the duel between Thomas J. Overton and John Dickinson 
See this series, I. 117, 119. ; 


August, 1827 379 


CHARLTON Hunt To JAcKson.? 


LrexincTon, August 29, 1827. 

Dear General, We have closed a very animated election, And although 
beaten in this County, still when every thing is considered, it should be 
viewed as a triumph of correct, republican principles over wealth and 
power. The Candidates were announced on each side late in March. viz. 
Breckinridge, True and Combs for Adams: McCalla, Payne and myself 
for his opponent. Breckinridge is a man of fine talents, and had been 
elected the two previous years. True has been our representative for six 
or seven years, Combs is a gentleman of some standing at the bar and a 
most indefatigable electioneerer. All three of them belonged to the Old 
Court and Antirelief party which has been the prominent and popular 
party in this County for several years back. Gen. McCalla although a 
popular man had been twice defeated before as a partizan of the New 
Court and never elected, Mr. Payne belongs to a respectable and numer- 
ous family, but was defeated last year as a New Court candidate. I was 
an Old Court man but at the commencement of the campaign I did not 
know 500 voters in the County and had to contend against the idea that 
I was but a boy: which suggestion I had to Jaugh away the best way I 
could and refer them to a fine, promising son of mine as an evidence, that 
I had advanced a little beyond boyhood. 

Under these circumstances, the canvass opened and the most powerful 
exertions were made upon both sides from the first. The contest turned 
on our preference for the Presidential Candidates. Their relative claims, 
qualifications and merits formed the subject of our numerous stump 
speeches. The wealth of the County was in the main arrayed against us 
and Mr. Clay’s visit just before the election was as fortunate and well 
timed as any maneuvre you ever atchieved in the field of battle. In his 
electioneering dinner speeches you were most bitterly and unsparingly 
denounced. He stimulated his friends to the highest exertions of which 
they were capable. It was however a mortifying circumstance that his 
dinner of 1200. should have been succeeded by a dinner in honor of Jack- 
son and the peoples rights ”’ attended by 4000, this is a fact without the 
least exageration. I would not exagerate to gratify a friend and my in- 
formation is of the most authentic kind. If you had visited this section 
of the Country as Mr. Clay did, the opposition would have vanished, but 
I was not so selfish as to desire that you should jeopardize your prospects 
elsewhere, that my election might be secured. I became a candidate that 
I might contribute my mite to pay a debt of gratitude that so many con- 
sidered cancelled by the base calumny and slander, which they unceas- 
ingly heap upon you. The election commenced and the two first days 
McCalla and myself ran ahead, which eventuated in our defeat. Our 
friends were enthusiastic and bouyed up by the idea, that the day was 
ours ceased their exertions, and remained about the Court House giving 
full play to their enthusiasm and joy, in the mean time the other party 

1 One of the interesting things about this vivid account of political conditions in 


Kentucky is that it says nothing of political activity by the Bank of the United States. 
The election was for members of the Kentucky house of representatives. 


380 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


had their emissaries in every point of the County, riding day and night, 
bringing in sick and maimed, and passed us on Wednesday. The number 
of illegal votes is inconceivable, I was a novice at the Business and did 
not find out the game they were playing upon us until it was too late. 
During the seven years war of the Relief and Judge questions, when the 
greatest efforts were made there were never more than 2600 votes taken, 
and McCallas vote and mine never was beaten before. This year they 
took 2700 and we know of at least one hundred, who were prevented 
from voting, by sickness and a brick bat fight that occurred Wednesday 
at Noon, arising from an attempt upon the part of the Adams men to 
plant a flag and Hemp stalk over the Court House door. The votes stood 
thus at the close of the polls, 


Lexington Chiles Athens Total 
Clarks tric o ieee 1095 140 179 1414 
A aAVIOL eres te 1081 38 93 12t2 
Breckinridge .. 1128 138 169 1435 
Gambsaes ce 1095 131 174 1400 
deh oh Pact ae IO4I 138 17I 1350 
NMeCalla 5.5% 1142 44 119 1305 
Huntiss iat: 1150 43 104 1297 
ea Vie ted pele ah a 1021 ay 96 1154 


You perceive that in Lexington just under Mr. Clays own door McCalla 
and myself obtained a majority of the 2200 and odd votes that were taken 
here: at two remote little precincts where they took between 4 and 500 
votes our prospects were ruined. In the Chilesburgh precinct Mr. Robert 
Wickliff owns about $100,000 in land and negroes. he attended the pre- 
cinct the first day and used every exertion against us. he is the man, who 
voted for the resolu[tions] of 1824, requesting our Members of Congress 
to give the vote of [this] State to you, denouncing Mr. Adams as an 
Apostate federa[list] and he is the man, who for seven years back, has 
received my warmest and most active support. He tells my friends that 
I electioneer with great success, if he ever appears before the people again 
he will wish that he has formed a false judgment of me. It is a source 
of the highest triumph to me, that I beat the whole concern of them under 
the immediate range of Mr. Clay’s eye. And if his eye ever glances at 
the name of as humble an individual as I am, I am proud that he will look 
upon it with scorn and mortificifation in the present instance. You can 
form no conception of the high and devoted enthusiasm that is felt for 
your success in this quarter. 

Your friends in this place state that Mr. Clay wrote you just before 
the election by Congress, inviting you to pass through Lexington to ac- 
company him to Washington—if it is agreeable to you to inform me I 
would be glad to know if it is a fact, not with any view of giving up the 


Author but to prevent our friends from making a statement that may be 
untriesere % 


September, 1827 381 


To Amos KENDALL." 


HERMITAGE, September 4, 1827. 

.... 1 have seen Mr Buchanan address, it is such a production as 
surely I had not a right to expect from him; but we live in days of wonder. 
Mr. B. situation tho was a delicate one. It would be now only necessary 
for me to publish Major Eatons statement and Mr Kreamers, contrast 
them with his, and it would appear that his recollection had materially 
failed him, Surely no one could believe that Mr. B. would go to my 
friends, make statements to them, to be communicated to me, and when 
they had refused—come to me himself, then make a different one; and 
that I should understand the statement made to me, as my friends did, 
that which was made to them. And could it be, that Mr. B. would ap- 
proach me so guarded and cautiously barely with a view to make the 
inquiry, whether the rumor abroad was correct, that I had said if elected, 
I would appoint Mr Adams secratary of state. This was a question that 
might have been asked by any one, without delicacy, and which I would 
any where have promptly answered. This however is a subject of much 
delicacy, and is one upon which I shall deliberate fully before I act. 


Martin VAN BuREN TO JACKSON.* 


ALBANY, September 14, 1827. 

my dear Sir, I am reminded by a letter from your friend and neigh- 
bour Mr. Balch of the propriety of apprising you of the State of public 
opinion with us. It was my intention to do so as soon as I could possess 
myself of the requisite information. I have recently been through many 
of the Counties respecting which I felt the most anxiety, have seen most 
of the leading men from others and the Legislature are now and have 
for some days been in session. From the information thus derived I am 
sure I cannot be mistaken in believing, that we shall be able to give you a 
very decided majority of the votes of this state, if nothing turns up here- 
after to change the present aspect of things. I do not think I should 
hazard any thing in saying two thirds. at all events we can settle the ques- 
tion unless we are greatly disappointed in other states. Nothing that can 
be done by the people at Washington, or by any particular influence that 
can be brought to bear upon us at home, can prevent this result—if it is 
prevented it can only be by some indiscretion of our own. This is not 
the opinion of the friends of Mr Adams and a short time since the public 
indications were certainly very different. The politics of this state like 
those of Pensylvania and most of the northern states are yet governed 
by old Party feelings. For four fifths of the time since 1800 the old Re- 
publican Party has possessed the power of this state. It does so now toa 
greater extent (the Govr. alone excepted) than it has done for many 
years. Until within the last two months, it for reasons (unnecessary to 


1 This extract is reprinted from the copy in the Jackson MSS. It appears also in the 
collection of letters from Jackson to Kendall in the Cincinnati Commercial; Feb. 4, 1879. 
1 Library of Congress, Van Buren MSS. Alfred Balch, of Nashville, was consistently 
a Van Buren man. He probably had some influence in bringing the New York Craw- 


ford group into the Jackson following. 


382 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


state) paused on the Presidential question. Upon that hesitation and the 
general avowal of the old Federalists in favour of the administration, 1t 
was, that its friends counted so confidently upon the result in this state. 
The scene is now greatly changed and will soon be altogether so. Out of 
the fifty Republican Presses we have in the State very many have already 
come out in your favour, and the rest with at most three exceptions will 
do the same soon. The Legislature have come in in fine feeling, and the 
Republicans throughout the State are avowing themselves in your favour, 
and making your support the Party standard. At the ensuing fall elec- 
tions they will literally put to rout the discordant factions by which they 
have heretofore been opposed and thereafter rally under one common 
standard on national politics. All that is necessary to secure this gratify- 
ing result is that we be let alone. Attempts will doubtless be made to 
entangle your friends in the Vice-Presidential and other questions but 
they will I am persuaded have good sense enough not to meddle in them. 
I have no other feelings in relation to the Vice Presidency than as it may 
operate on the main question. Let it be left to the natural course of pub- 
lic sentiment and it will fare best. It is as far as I can see the only point 
upon which we can have difficulty and the true policy in regard to it for 
the present, clearly is, to let it alone. one word more and excuse me for 
the liberty I take in refering to it. I can well appreciate your feelings 
under the torrents of malignant vituperation to which you have been 
exposed, and I am sensible of the difficulty of avoiding replies to direct 
application[s] which are (sometimes with the best intention but not in- 
frequently from mere vanity on the part of their authors) made to you 
from diff[er]Jent parts of the Union. But I think I hazard nothing in 
saying that for the future the case must be an extreme one that can make 
frank explanations from you personally necessary. The obvious design 
to bear you down by calumny has produced a great re-action, and I am 
quite certain that they have so much overacted their parts as to render 
their past as well as future vituperation entirely harmless. Our people 
do not like to see publications from candidates. It is a singular fact that 
in almost every case in which they have (with us) been attempted on the 
eve of an election they have operated agt. the cause they were intended to 
serve. Do not infer from this that it is my intention to complain of the 
past. On the contrary I am clearly of opinion that all that has been done 
was not only proper but unavoidable and has been useful. Although our 
friend Buchanan was evidently frightened and therefore softened and 
obscured the matter still the fact of your entire aversion to all and any 
intrigue or arrangement is clearly established, and nothing could be of 
more value, or more acceptable to the people. The sentiments contained 
in your letter to Dixon in 1801 ? and of your 4’ of July toast at Nashville 
are those best adapted to the feelings and opinions of our people. Make 
my best respects to Mrs. Jackson and believe me to be 
Your sincere friend 


ee _as the publication of any opinions from me would only furnish 
texts [sic] for misrepresentation here I beg that it may be avoided. 


2 See vol. I., p. 58. 


November, 1827 383 


Martin VAN BurREN TO JACKSON." 


Private 
New York, November 4, 1827. 

my dear General, You must excuse me if my anxiety to avoid any 
movement that may impair our present good prospects leads me to say 
what under different circumstances might seem officious. I see by the 
Telegraph that it is desired to bring you to Washington next winter and 
my reading of the paper is confirmed by letters from the Editor of that 
paper to those of the Argus and Enquirer in this state. The reasons agt. 
such a step are manifold and to my mind conclusive. To that effect have 
our editors written to Genl. Green. I forbear to assign those reasons 
because I cannot but think that it will strike you as it has me. Should I 
be mistaken in this I would be happy to be heard before decision upon 
the point is made. 

You have doubtless seen the nomination of Gov Clinton in this State.” 
At this distance from the scene of action I cannot with certainty define 
its object. It is either a small continuance from Washington under the 
auspices of Gnl Brown (who resided in that County (Jefferson) or it is 
a bonafide attempt on the part of the Govrs. friends to feel the public 
pulse or it is got up by them to give him an opportunity to obtain the 
merit of declining. I have no evidence that Gov Clinton had any hand 
direct or indirect in the matter and I am perfectly satisfied that (unless 
it should take to an extent not to be anticipated) he cannot be so mad as 
to enter the field under existing circumstances. But come it from whence 
it may or be it persisted in as it may you may positively rely that 
it could do us no possible injury but on the contrary secure us every dis- 
trict in the state. The reason for this is very simple. The party that has 
heretofore supported Gov Clinton was composed of the old Federalists 
consisting of about eighty or ninety thousand electors and some portions 
of the old Republican Party that have from time seceded with prominent 
individuals. The present question has completely severred and destroyed 
their combined weight. About 7/8ths or perhaps nine tenths of them are 
warmly and virulently for Mr Adams on Federal and other grounds and 
the residue will go with us if Mr Clinton is not a candidate. Of Conse- 
quence if both ran we should have the entire democratic vote and their 
accustomed opponents would divide between Clinton and Adams, the 
larger portion going for the latter. Of the result of such a contest there 
cannot be the shadow of a doubt as we are able to carry the election as 
matters now stand in a larger majority of the districts by our own 
strength (that is what is called abroad Bucktail * but is here the old Repub- 
lican Party) and would fall but a few short in any of the districts. You 
and your friends therefore may dismiss from your minds the subject of 
this nomination all together and with perfect safety. 

Our election commences tomorrow. In this City it will be unusually 
animated but we shall succeed here as we will throughout the state. My 


1 Library of Congress, Van Buren MSS. 
2 DeWitt Clinton, governor of New York 1817-1823, 1825-1828 (d. Feb. 11, 1828). 
3 Anti-Clintonian Democrat. 


27 


384 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


full belief is that we shall carry our Bucktail Jacksonian Senator in every 
district in the State.* But one is in my judgment at all doubtful. Of the 
assembly we shall elect three fourths certain and I believe more. Both 
parties have made their selections of candidates almost exclusively from 
what is known with you as the Bucktail party. This is produced by the 
decided ascendancy which that interest has obtained in the state and 
which is felt by all. But those who are seduced to go on the administra- 
tion tickets are generally men who have been disappointed and are conse- 
quently disaffected and if not they loose their weight in the party from 
the moment of their seduction. 

Of New Jersey it is impossible to speak with certainty. If no horse 
race law or other local question interferes our chance is I think the best, 
but the state is always an uncertain one. But happen what may in that 
quarter I am entirely confident that ail that is necessary to make the elec- 
tion perfectly safe is that we be discreet. 

Remember me kindly to Mrs. Jackson and major Eaton and believe 
me to be 

Very sincerely your friend 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


NASHVILLE, December 5, 1827. 

. ... L have been informed by Mr Eastin, that Mr Phillips, A. J. 
Hutchings overseer, has made debts to Mr Simpson and him to more 
than the amount of his wages, having given to him a letter of credit first 
to Mr Simpson, and then to Mr Easton stating minutely the amount that 
would be due him. I was astonished that they have permitted him, but 
having referred Mr Easton to the letter I had wrote to Mr Simpson, and 
he reposing in the oeconomy of this man, never applied to Mr Simpson 
to know the amount taken up at Mr Simpsons. The consequence is, that 
Mr Easton for the ballance, must immediately look to Phillips, you will 
therefore please, on Mr Eastons return, assume to Mr Simpson, and then 
to Mr Eastin the amount due Phillips, deducting the amount of five 
dollars I paid him on engaging him, and which you will find expressed on 
the article of agreement, and close the business with him. Mr Easton 
says Phillips alledges he has an account against the estate for axes etc. 
This cannot be, for to guard against his having any thing to do in that 
way, was my letter given to Messrs Simpson and Eastin to furnish all 
that might be necessary for the plantation, to have their accounts as a 
check upon him. he was a stranger, and I never will have an account with 
an overseer. It will be well to look into the items got for the plantation 
and see that they are all forthcoming, that have been charged, and also 
the Blacksmiths account. Phillips course has been such, that I have lost 
all confidence in him as an honest man, and I am happy I exchanged him 
and it is well to look into the accounts of articles got for the farm 


Se iv. «je 


*Of the nine senators elected, “nearly all”, says Hammond (Political Parties, II. 
259), were Jackson men. t 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


December, 1827 385 


Joun BRANCH TO JACKsON.* 


WasHINcTON, December 11, 1827. 

My Dear Sir, I have this moment been informed by maj. Eaton that 
a safe opportunity is afforded to write to you as freely as I think. Permit 
me then to say that the Republic is safe, and that in regard to the Coali- 
tion that their days are numbered and their destiny fixed. Tekel tekel 
mene Tekel?® is inscribed on the wall in such legible characters that he 
who runs may read. The election of Stephenson D. Green etc. etc. speaks 
a language that cannot be misunderstood. 

All that we have to do is to act calmly and dispassionately and to ad- 
journ as soon as a proper regard to the public interest will permit. Some 
of our friends are aspiring, particularly those who formerly espoused the 
cause of Calhoun and Crawford and there is some danger that unpleasant 
feelings and jealousies may be excited. But Sir nothing can arrest the 
progress of public sentiment, and some of our friends are whipd into the 
ranks under a full conviction of the truth. This is however inter nos. 

Present me in the most polite and friendly terms to mrs. Jackson and 
accept for yourself my undiminished confidence and esteem. Adieu 


To Major Henry LEE.’ 


HERMITAGE, December 17, 1827. 

D’r Sir, Herewith by Mr Williams I send you the manuscrip Book 
you requested the other day—it was then at Nashville—you will find 
the letter of Mr Monroe aluded to, where the leaf is turned down. I 
recollected the Subject, but thought it was by Armstrong then Sec. of 
War—but find it was Mr. M. acting as such, the other being absent. 

Before we set out for N Orleans I will thank you to return all the 
manuscrip Books, so that I may leave them in security untill we return. 
If the Nashville papers have come up by the mail today, please send them 
by Mr Williams 

respectfully yr mo. obdt. servt. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HeErmitAcE, December 22, 1827. 
.... Lam pleased that Phillips is gone. I was uneasy that he was 
there, when I found he was without honest principle from the statement 
of Mr Easton. I hope Jourdan will turn out better. I would like that the 
whole of the cotton should be got to markett and out of the way of the 
farm as soon as possible. I think that cotton must take a rise in the spring. 
I have made but 48 bales weighing 24,300 baled from 130 acres, last year 


1 John Branch was senator from North Carolina from 1823 until he resigned to enter 
Jackson’s Cabinet in 1829. 

2“ Mene, mene, tekel, upharsin.” Daniel v. 24-28. Ve : 

1 The letter is addressed to “ Major Henry Lee, Present”. Lee was then in Nashville, 
with an announced plan of preparing a campaign life of Jackson. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


386 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


from 120 acres I sent to Markett 56,000 baled and my present crop is 
equal to any of my neighbors. I am compelled to sell or I should hold on 
until April or May, it must rise... . . 


Artuur P. HayNE TO JACKSON.* 


New Or.eans, December 27, 1827. 
Private. 

My dear General: I arrived here to day, by way of Havannah, from 
Charleston. It is my intention to join you at some point on the River, 
previous to your arrival at New-Orleans. I considered it my duty, to be 
at your side, on the approaching military festivities. And now General, 
in accordance, with that privilege, you have always granted me, unquali- 
fied and unfit as I am to give advice, especially to such an individual as 
yourself, yet still, I beg leave most respectfully to suggest two ideas for 
your consideration, and which I should like to see embodied in that ad- 
dress of yours which will be made publick—for I hope you will consent 
to publish but one of your addresses—altho’ I understand three will be 
required of you—to wit, one on the field of Battle, one to the Govr. and 
Legislature and one at the Dinner party. The first idea, I would wish to 
see expressed is this—That, Like “ Cincinnatus”, you left your Farm, 
the shade of your own “ Vine and Fig Tree ”’, at the call of your Country, 
in the hour of peril and danger, and that like “ Cincinnatus ”’ you returned 
to your Farm, the first moment the publick service of your Country would 
allow: The next idea I would have you advert to, is, some mild, manly 
and proper allusion, to the wicked, false, unmanly farfeeling attacks made 
by your enemies, on your domestick happiness and fire side. In every 
other respect it appears to me, that your addresses should be altogether 
military—the gallantry of Louisiana, Mississippi, Kentucky and Ten- 
nessee afford for the occasion delightful subjects. It appears to me also, 
that your address shd. be concise, and like Washington, whom of all other 
men you most resemble, I would wish you to read them, rather than de- 
liver them extemporaneously, altho’ your friends all know it wd. be as 
easy for you to adopt the latter as the former mode. Will you not my 
dear General, think me forward in suggesting what I have done? To 
which question, J distinctly respond no—because you know my heart— 
there all is right, and you would be the very first to excuse my head if 
necessary. 

Present me respectfully and affectionately to my friend Genl. Coffee, 
and to Judge Overton, whose presence on the approaching festivities will 
be cheering to you. 


I remain dear General, your faithful and affectionate freind 


1 Jackson arrived at New Orleans on Jan. 8, 1828. His political friends from many parts 
of the country came to add splendor to his reception. His four days in the city were filled 
with festivities and adorned with speeches. The papers of the whole country republished 
the latter, and in most cases with favorable comment. On the manner in which Jackson’s 
intimates hovered around him during this trip, see R. G. Dunlap to Jackson, Aug. 10, 1831; 
also W. B. Lewis to Jackson, Dec. 24, 1827, Jackson MSS. ‘ ‘ 


1827-1828 387 


JAcKson’s VIEws on Prorection.? 
[1828 ?]? 


The goverment of england pursues her own policy with a eye single to 
her own prosperity, and the agrandisement of her own subjects, she ex- 
cludes as is acknowledged in the extract bread stuffs, and every other 
product of our labour, even to the starvation of her subjects, to promote 
the interest of their own agriculturists; regardless of the injury to other 
countries—and would not buy a pound of our cotton if she could do 
without it, and get it of the same quality, and cheaper from other coun- 
tries; her situation compells her to buy, and she dare not lay a counter- 
racting duty upon our cotton, it would throw it into the marketts of her 
rivals, and give to them the ascendency in the cotton manufactories, and 
prostrate those of England. When we see the politicians of England so 
sensitive upon the subject of the late Tariff law, it is conclusive evidence 
to my mind, that the[y] foresee the benefits that must result to america 
from it, and the injury to Britain, hence as usual their endeavour to alarm 
us, divide us, and in this way, raise discontent against it, to have it re- 
pealed if possible, before its benefits to our country can be discovered by 
its operation, and hence the exertions of British partizans, about Flor- 
ence[ ?] and elsewhere to raise a clamor against it. There was an equal 
clamour raised in 1816 by the British partizans, against the Tariff then 
adopted. It was then said, as now, that the south was taxed, for the bene- 
fit of a few manufaturers of the north, and the duty imposed upon course 
cottons would ruin the south; what is the fact—one fourth of the amount 
of all the cotton raised in our country is consumed by the american manu- 
facturers, creating a safe, sane, and permanent home markett for the raw 
material, and the former gets the course fabricks of cotton one hundred 
and one hundred and twenty five percent lower than those fabricated in 
england and fifty percent better. This is a real saving to the labourer of 
better than one hundred percent but still this is all wrong because it les- 
sens the price of the British labourer and curtails the profits of the mer- 
chant upon his goods, gives profittable employ to our own citizens; but 
horrid to relate, reduces the price of labour to his British Majesties sub- 
jects ; creates paupers there, and preserves our own citizens from pauper- 
ism. hence the expression and the determination of those under British 
influence not to buy or use our own fabricks if given to them of better 
quality ; nay, not even cotton bagging altho better and cheaper. Nay, if 
offerred as a compliment.’ Now I ask [incomplete] 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


[n. d., late in 1827, or early in 1828.] 
D’r Genl, I have received your letter of 6th instant and rejoice to find 
that you and family enjoy health—ours were very good, when we re- 


1 A fragment in his handwriting. 

2 The S tecenke to the “ late Tariff law” seems to indicate the law of 1828. On the other 
hand, the sentiment expressed is more like Jackson’s tariff views of 1824, when he seems 
to have been turned toward the home market theory by his nationalistic leaning. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. The date is fixed by Jackson in a letter 
to Coffee dated Feb. 26, 1828, in which he refers to this letter as written “ some time since ”. 


388 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


turned home; Mrs J. is still good, but mine, has been a little impaired, by 
hard and close labour, and confinement, still, I trust providence will spare 
me untill my enemies are prostrate. Truth is beginning to shine forth, and 
it will soon display the association of corruption, in all its deformity. 
The Testimony before the Senate in Kentucky, has pinned to the letters 
of Clay himself, to Mr Blair, that if Adams was elected, Clay, would be 
sec of State; and Blair solicited Kendal to write to White to vote for 
Adams, as it was assertained, if elected, Clay would be sec of State. 
I refer you to the Ky Argus for details. Thus the light begins to shine. 
It is hinted from Washington that $70,000 has been used out of the con- 
tingent funds, and only $20,000 of which there is the least semblance of 
vouchers for. The Ballance I suppose as I have thought throout the year 
was distributed at the Ky elections, and elsewhere; and paid for pub- 
lished calumnious pamphlets against Mrs. J. and myself. A confidential 
letter from a member of congress says, that it is said, there is heat in the 
wigwam and warm words and blasfamous has passed between Clay and 
Adams—The Committee is expected to report in a short time. It has 
leaked out from one of the committee, that the fact I have stated is true— 
a short time will develop all matters, and things, about this corruption, at 
present it is confidential. 

; am happy to hear that the overseer at the Hutchings place promises 
well. 

I have recd a letter from Mr Thos Simpson, Mr N. P. Cyrus and 
Doctor W. T. Rucker, wishing to obtain part of one of my lots to build 
a Masonic Hall. I have said, if the lot solicited is mine and not one given 
to one of my young friends, they shall have 4 or % ofa lot, for one half 
I paid for it—that is to say, I will deduct one half of the original sum 
the lot cost me, apportioning the cost of the whole lot, by the %4 or % 
whichever they may choose, but in their selection it must be so made, as 
to equalise the part taken to the part left 1ne—I authorise you to make 
the erangement with them, as I know such a building will add to the pros- 
perity of the town. Indeed, if you think I ought, I will give them %4 of a 
lott gratis, and authorise you, if 14 will satisfy them to give it, but if they 
take a half lot, they pay me one fourth what the lot originally cost. 

All friends are well except Mrs E Donelson, who I expect cannot re- 
main with us long. Mrs J has rejoiced greatly on hearing Polly had 
joined the church, I rejoice also, it is what we all ought to do, but men in 
public business has too much on their minds to conform to the rules of 
the church, which has prevented me hitherto—Mrs J and myself salutes 
you and family in affection, 


Your friend, 


To Epwarp Livineston.2 
(private) 
Captain McCutcuine’s, January 12, 1828. 
Dr Sir Having a moment’s leisure after my visit to Orleans, I employ 
it in writing you. I shall not attempt to give a description of the good 
‘From the collection of the letters and papers of Edward Livingston, preserved at his 


former residence, Montgomery Place, Barryto INGEY Gs) pen i 
Brigadier-General John Ross Delafield. othe. ag i ail wes ad 


January, 1828 389 


feelings with which I was saluted by the citizens of Orleans, and my old 
compatriots in arms, believing you will receive it from more able pens; 
all I have time to say at present, is, that I am truly gratified with my 
visit. It inspired me with emotions more easily conceived than expressed. 
The splendour of the scene of the Steam Boats, the waving of the various 
flags from the shipping, and else where, the cheering of the citizens on 
the places where we met the enemy and saved the City, were well cal- 
culated to inspire feelings inexpressible, all I regretted that you were not 
with us, and that your letter, containing your sentiment, did not reach 
Orleans untill the 9th, but I am informed by Major Davezac, who read 
it to me, that it will appear with the proceedings. 

Major Davezac informs me, that from a letter rec’d from Mrs. Lev- 
ingston, you have not rec’d my letters. I have answered promptly, all 
your letters that have come to hand; but the last,—This you wrote me 
from the City, after the election of the Speaker of the house of Repre- 
sentatives, which I rec’d on my passage to Neworleans. I sincerely re- 
gret that my letters have not reached you, as it appears, Mrs. Levingston 
is fearful, that I have heard something, that has weakened my friendship 
for you—be assured, this is not the fact; I only write to my friends, and 
in answer to their letters, having long since known that there were a sys- 
tem of espoionage introduced in some lines of the post, equal to that dur- 
ing the war in France,—therefore, I trust nothing to the post office, that 
I would fear for the whole world to know. At the request of an old sol- 
dier who states his claims upon our government, I inclose his statement 
to you, knowing with what pleasure you will procure him aid if you can. 
I do this more to gratify him than under a hope that you can obtain any 
relief for him, but on his solicitation I could not forbear forwarding it 
to you. 

When a leisure moment occurs I will be happy to have a line from you. 
It gives me pleasure to find your popularity has greatly increased in 
Louisiana, whilst your colleagues has sunk, you will find this, from the 
public expression of the citizens almost every where. I refer to the papers. 

Mrs. J. unites with me, in the most affectionate regard, to you, your 
Lady, and amiable daughter, with our best wishes for your happiness, and 
believe me yr friend 


P. S.—I write in great haste, and as it is for your own eye, you will 
pardon all incorrectness. A. J. 


Joun H. Eaton to JAcKson. 


WASHINGTON, January 21, 1828. 
D’r sir, 1am constantly importuned by your friends here, to write you, 
and urge you by no means to notice Clays Book* which has fallen still 
born from the press. My answer to them, is, fear not, genl Jackson will 
not so far insult his friends as to take his own cause into his own hands, 
or from his frends!!! You will have seen by the Telegraph, that the 


1 This refers to Clay’s “ Address” concerning Jackson’s charges of bargain and cor- 
ruption. It was published in December, 1827. See Niles’ Register, XXXIII. 296-315. 


390 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Jackson Committee of corrispondence,’ at this place, intend taking up 
this matter: a rampart of facts will be forth coming now I think, over 
and around which, clay with all his host of compurgators will scarcely be 
able to get ’round: they are waiting for some facts which I understand 
will very shortly be at hand. He will find some new accusers, and stronger 
than any that have yet appeared 

Mr. Calhoun has lately found out, that you have a private letter of 
Monroe; the one you showed me, last fall. Would you have any objec- 
tion to send me, a Copy of it, merely that he may see it, I myself retain- 
ing it in my own possession. He thinks it must be of the date of the 7. of 
August 1818; and that the design of Monroe in writing it, was he well 
knows of the most favorable kind towards you; and begs me to say, that 
he is fully aware, Mr Monroes feelings in relation to that Semenole affair 
were never otherwise than sincere and firm towards you. Be this as it 
may, I should be glad, if proper, to procure a copy of the letter which 
shall rest with me to be used as I have before stated. As regards Monroe, 
your course of policy is to notice nothing respecting him; indeed the news 
papers, happen what may, should be altogether avoided There let your 
frends who are fully competent battle the affair; your course under 
any and all circumstances is retirement and silence. All things are well, 
and some act of indiscretion might joperdise matters as they are now. 
Let us look to the main battle without regard to the small picket guards 
that, may come into conflict, with each other. 

The die is cast, and the contest over; under no circumstances, as indi- 
cated by the present signs of the times can your vote be less than 170.° 
It cannot but be complimentary to you, to: know that a majority of both 
Houses in Congress are your frends and advocates. They will take care 
of your cause and interest without any interference on your part; they 
only ask of you under any and all circumstances to be still and let them 
manage whatever is to be done 

With my kind and sincere regard to mrs Jackson 


I am very truly yours 


To GrorGE W. CAMPBELL. 


HERMITAGE, February 14, 1828. 

My D’r Sir: I have just recd the letter you had the goodness to write 
me by Mr Donelson on the 12th instant, with enclosures, for which I 
thank you. The reply you have made Mr M. is such as I approve, and 
which I would, had I been present, requested you to have made—Indeed 
under existing circumstances, delicacy and propriety would admit of no 
other. My real friends want no information from me on the subject of 
internal improvements and manufactories, but what my public acts has 
afforded, and I never gratify my enemies. was I now to come forth, and 
reiterate my political opinions on these subjects, I would be charged with 


2 During this winter several of these committees were organized in such cities as Nash- 
ville, Washington, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati. 


8 Jackson received 178 electoral votes. 
1 Collection of Mrs. Susan P. Brown, care Dr. Lucius P. Brown, Franklin, Tenn. 


February, 1828 391 


electioneering views for selfish purposes: I cannot do any act that may 
give rise to such imputations. 

Plans have been formed by my enemies, resolutions written and for- 
warded by men calling themselves a committee appointed for that pur- 
pose, to inveigle me into a reply, but still I could not be got out, because 
my Opinions were before the public, and I was convinced, my friends 
could not wish me to reiterate my opinions, for surely, no honest man 
having the good of his country at heart, believing that I would change my 
opinions for selfish views, could support me, and I was determined not 
to furnish food for my enemies to annoy me with. 

I thank you kindly for the trouble you have taken, I return you in- 
closed Mr Montgomeries letter... . . 


To NATHANIEL W. WILLIAMsS.* 


HERMITAGE, February 23, 1828. 

Sir; Having received a letter from a high minded, honorable gentle- 
man of Virginia, who loves truth, and knows how to appreciate charac- 
ter, I lose no time in laying before you the postscript of his letter, which 
is in the following words, to wit, “ It may be well to say that a letter was 
handed about at the Adams Convention, I hear, accusing you of being 
concerned in Burr’s conspiracy, upon the authority of Judge Nathaniel 
Williams of your State.? The report it, that this Judge Williams, when 
a young man, he applied to you, then a judge, to sign his license as a 
lawyer; that you did so, but recommended to him, as you conceived him 
to be a man of promise, to push his fortune by joining Burr, who was 
then in your house; promising, if he would do so, to procure him a com- 
mission as Captain in Burr’s army. This story is going the rounds from 
the Adams delegates, who have returned home, notwithstanding they 
ought to know that you was the first person to put Governor Claiborne 
on his guard, against the schemes of Burr. VERBUM SAT”. 

The records of the country contradict this statement, as it is well known 
that I resigned my appointment of Judge before Col. Burr ever was in 
the State of Tennessee. I cannot, then, for one moment, permit myself 
to believe, that you, elevated as you are, to a seat on the judicial bench of 
Tennessee, could give your authority to such an unfounded falsehood. 
Duty to myself, as well as justice to you, therefore, requires that I should, 
without delay, advise you of this libel upon my character, so that you may 
at once declare whether you are or are not the author of this calumny, 
before I expose it as such. 


1 Copy, with signature. 
-2The letter handed about at the Adams convention was directed to W. W. Kerr 
(Dec. 18, 1827), and contained the following statement: “Tt is madness to think of 
Jackson for President of the United States. This Burr matter I cannot be mistaken about, 
my eyes and ears are my witnesses. He (Jackson) offered me a commission of Captain 
in Burr’s army, or told me I could get one if I would accept. And during this affair he 
said to me, in the presence of Judge (who though now says he does not remember 
it) ‘depend upon it, gentlemen, the division of the United States has taken deep root. 
You will find a number of the Senate and a number of the members of the House of 
Representatives deeply involved in this scheme’.” See U. S. Telegraph, Extra, Oct. 11, 


1828. 


392 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I am, and have been, well advised of a secret combination of a base and 
wicked few in Tennessee, whose object is to slander me, but until now, 
I have never heard or had the least intimation that you were of that group. 
Nor do I now believe that you, who must be so well satisfied of the false- 
hood contained in the postscript of the letter referred to above, as well as 
the rectitude of my conduct since your acquaintance with me, could be 
so lost to virtue and truth as to have originated and put in circulation so 
base a calumny. With this impression I send D. S. Donelson to you with 
this communication, having no doubt, as an honorable man, that you will 
send me a frank and prompt reply. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HeErRMITAGE, February 26, 1828. 

.... [have just heard from our friend Col Maunsel White. he has 
sold my cotton at 9c and 8c and Hutchings at 8%4c. This I have no doubt 
is a fair sale, for quality this year is not equal to that of last. I expect 
the proceeds by the first boat. so soon as the roads dry and I can leave 
home, I shall come out and have the accounts with the estate of Hutchings 
closed and see what is in my hands. I have noted your last letter as it 
respects yourself, but I am anxious to know how I stand, with regard 
to that estate. I am fearful that the burning of your public papers, has 
brought upon you great labour or I should have asked you to have 
brought up the books, to the present date, debtor, and credit, so that it 
might be seen, how it stands. I do not want to be indebted to the estate 
if I can avoid it, therefore am anxious to know how it really stands, and 
so soon as I can, will come out, and if you will inform me, when you 
will have leisure to give your attention to it, say in April, or May, I will 


NATHANIEL W. WILLIAMS TO JACKSON.* 


Sparta, February 27, 1828. 

I can very frankly deny ever having written the letter spoken of by 
the gentleman who wrote you from Washington, but I did write a letter 
to a relation of mine, at that time in Richmond. The letter, if seen, would 
show that it was designed as a confidential one. I do not, at this time, 
recollect accurately, what the letter did contain; I believe, though, I can 
remember a part, if not the whole, of what I intended at the time; and, 
I will state it, as it is but just that what has been by my means privately 
circulated, should be publicly avowed under the necessities of this case. 

Some time after Burr had passed Nashville, once or twice, to the lower 
country, Before Mr Jefferson’s Proclamation, in riding from General 
Jackson’s house to Nashville, General Jackson, in reference to that con- 
spiracy, said to me, “that I could, if I would accept it, obtain a com- 
mission of Captain”. 

Afterwards, during the setting of the county Court of Sumner, at a 
time when Patton Anderson told me that either Burr or Adair, or both 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
1U. S. Telegraph, Extra, Oct. 11, 1828. 


February, 1828 393 


of them, were at General Jackson’s house, in a room of a tavern then 
kept by Edmund Crutcher, General Jackson said to me, I think Judge 
Stewart was then in the room, “ Take notice, gentlemen, you will find 
that a division of the United States has taken deep root; you will find 
a number of the members of the House of Representatives are deeply 
involved in the scheme ”’. 

I am not certain that the above was contained in my private letter to 
Mr Nathaniel Kerr, but as I have made these statements privately, it is 
but just that I should now avow them. I am in hopes, Sir, that this 
letter will be altogether satisfactory to you, for General Jackson may be 
assured (the Presidential question aside) no man can feel more bound 
to Gen. Jackson than myself, for the great honor conferred by him on my 
country.’ 


2 The following statement of Robert B. Currey, long postmaster at Nashville, made 
about this time (tbid.), has a bearing on Judge Williams’s trustworthiness, and adds 
something to the stock of knowledge of the Burr affair: 

“ Having seen in the public prints a statement of N. H. Williams that I was present at 
the burning of Col. Burr’s effigy, and knowing the same to be destitute of truth, I was 
led to examine into the accuracy of some of his other assertions, and am astonished that 
any person having pretensions to candor, should hazard statements so inaccurate both as to 
dates and matters of fact. 

“The Ball which he now would wish to be considered as having been got up as a mark 
of respect to Burr, after the receipt of the President’s proclamation, was in fact one of 
our regular Assembly Balls and though Judge Williams may have lost the recollection of 
my given name, as well as other things of more importance, yet if he has a lucid moment, 
the Judge must recollect he called on me the day preceeding the Ball, to address the 
managers to exclude Col. Burr, which he said I could do with more propriety as one of the 
original subscribers by the season (which I think he said he was not) and that I positively 
objected, and gave as my reason, that it would be violating the hospitality already offered, 
on mere rumor, which might or might not be true. I believe that the performance of 
this piece of etiquette was not imposed on the managers. Col. Burr attended, and was 
politely received, as far as my observation extended. 

“Tn giving the following statement, my recollection, though it perfectly serves me, 
is supported by a reference to a correspondence with the Postmaster General on the 
subject. The message and proclamation of the President, accompanied by General Eaton’s 
communication, arrived at Nashville on the 27th Dec. 1806, several days after Col. Burr 
descended the river, and not before; and it was on_this occasion that the efigy of 
Col. Burr was burnt. It was conjectured then that Col. Burr must have reached the 
Ohio, and might be on the Mississippi, if not detained. I was not one of Mr. Williams’ 
party at this effigy burning, as he asserts, nor did I ever witness a ceremony of the kind, 
believing that such measures were better suited to the ignorant, than an enlightened com- 
munity of freemen, whose laws and ballot box are open for the punishment of offenders ; 
and find that in mentioning this effigy in my letter to the Postmaster General (for the 
credit of our town) I deemed an apology necessary. These communications were made 
in compliance with instructions from the Postmaster General to inform him of the state 
of affairs, etc. etc. I was not commissioned Postmaster for some time after this, but had 
been acting Postmaster for several years. 

“Seth Pease, Esq. arrived here early in January, 1807, and showed me his instructions 
from the Postmaster General, requiring my co-operation in inquiring into Col. Burr’s 
projects, etc. After remaining as long as he deemed necessary, he set out for the Mis- 
sissippi Territory; being then, or shortly after, appointed Surveyor General of the 
Territory. Mr. Pease, while here, was persevering ; mingling occasionally in mixed_com- 
panies in cognito. He told me before he left this place, that he was perfectly satisfied if 
Col. Burr had any treasonable views he had not disclosed them here; but that he had 
imposed on some by false pretences, of an expedition against Mexico in which he was 
to be aided or at least sanctioned by our Government, that if the U. S. army then on the 
line should fail to co-operate, and they were overpowered it would cover their retreat, 
and they could fall back, settle on Baron Bastrop’s grant, and wait a more favorable 
opportunity, as a war with Spain was inevitable; and that he imposed on others, by 
the promise of Washita lands, inducing them to believe that his views extended no 
further than a peacable settlement there. 


394 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


CaLeB ATWATER TO JACKSON." 


CIRCLEVILLE, Ou10, February 29, 1828. 

... . On the very afternoon, before he died, he wrote me a letter, 
urging me to go on for you. he said; “If you wish not to see a second 
reign of terror, support Gen. Jackson—if you wish for the restoration 
of pure, republican principles, support him—if you are a patriot, and 
love your country, support him. You have put your hand to the plow, 
and cannot look back. My advise to you is, to go on for him, decidedly, 
firmly and faithfully. I know not what causes of dissatisfaction you 
may have, for I have mine, but we must support Gen. Jackson, zealously, 
faithfully and efficiently. All the active republicans here, support him, 
and as to a reaction, it can never happen ”. 

These were probably the last words he ever, wrote, because having 
finished that letter, in a conversation with his sons, he fell back in his 
chair, and in ten minutes, he was dead! The letter, I have, and if we ever 
meet again, you shall see it. 

. ... When the assaults of D[uff]. G[reen]. upon Gov. Clinton, 
gave umbrage to, and aroused indignation in a million of bosoms, Gov. 
Clinton, told us, to go on for General Jackson, who was in no way, 
accoun[t]able for the conduct of that man. .... 


To Major WIL.iAM B. Lewits.* 


HermiTAGE, March 3, 1828. 

D’r Major, I send enclosed the Honble. N. Williams letter in reply to 
mine of the 20th ult. When you read it, and compare it with mine which 
is inclosed, you will see how prone he is to misrepresentation, even when 
my letter was before him. I state my “information is recd. from a high 
minded Virginian etc. etc. the Judge says, “in which you state to have 
recd. by a letter from Washington”, now I stated no such thing, in my 
letter to him. This poor devil being caught in his vilany, will make any 
shift to screen himself from being damd for willful lying. He now says, 
it was after Burr was gone, or while Adair was here. in his letter, first, 
he says, it was at my house, when he applied for his license, when Burr 
was at my house, and when I signed them. In his first Judge Stewart 
was present, now he thinks so. Tell me in your reply, does not his letter 
bear the impress of falsehood on its face. 


“Mr. Williams called on me frequently after Col. Burr became an object of suspicion, 
and in my office, conversed freely on the subject, and as I thought witheld nothing, yet he 
never told me that General Jackson wanted to enlist him to fight the Spaniards, nor 
oe mentioned his name as connected with or even knowing to any of Col. Burr’s 
schemes. 

“It would appear superfluous in me, a private, though an old citizen, to offer my 
testimony of the innocence of General Jackson, further than known facts may serve to 
defend his well earned fame from foul aspersions; Those who know me, know him, and 
I feel confident that no one who does know him, can conscientiously and solemnly say, 
that they believe or ever did believe, that he knew of and approved, or even connived at 
pee no; ih aaa his eds integrity in support of the Union, the constitution, 
and our republican institutions in their purity, has whetted the en i 
because of the contrast.” $ ; sin Sigs ane tata 
ra a was ‘ leading ae ae in Ohio, who went over to Jackson when De Witt 

inton was no longer a presidential possibility. Clinton died Feb. 11. 

iN. Y. Pub. Lib, Ford MSS. ; 


March, 1828 395 


The first time Burr was here, he had just left the Vice Presidents chair, 
he came without the least suspicion around him of plans, or conspiracies, 
and was given a public dinner in Nashville. When he returned in 1806, 
he was followed by rumors of plans, and conspiracies, took lodging at 
the Tavern at Clover Bottom, where Genl. Adair must have met him in 
the latter end of Octbr. or first of Novbr. remained two or three days, and 
went on. Ina few days after Col. Burr descended the river. About five 
or six days after I recd. the information that occasioned me to write to 
Govr. Claibourne, Jefferson, and Genl. Smith then in the U. S. Senate. 
My letter to Gov. Claibourne bears date the 12th of Novbr., 1806. 

I inclose the extract from the Journals of the Senate shewing the date 
of the acceptance of my resignation as a Judge; the extract from the Ten- 
nessee reports of it being made in June, on which is indorsed, the date 
that Burr Killed Hamilton, taken from Ramseys history. From all of 
these, together with Judge Stewarts reply to my letter, (which I hope 
you have recd.) Major Lee can answer Mr. Millers, with the assurance 
from me that his honor emphatically lies, when he says, I either told him 
he could get, if he would accept, or that I would get for him commission 
of any kind from Burr. 

If it is thought best to inclose Mr. Miller a copy [of] my letter, with a 
copy of Williams answer, you must have the goodness to copy them, and 
return me the originals with Judge Whites letter, and Judge Stewarts 
answer, as I wish to write to Judge White as soon as I get Judge Stewarts 
ANSWEE. os 60% 


To Rev. Harpy M. Cryer.’ 


HERMITAGE, March 6, 1828. 

My Dear Sir, My fine mare has brought me a colt, it is eight days old 
today. I think it a fine one, but I send it, that you may spend your opinion. 

From the scarity of money, and the high prices at which fine horses, 
stand, I have almost determined, to abandon breeding horses and turn 
my attention to mules. I am pleased with the blood of Sir William, but 
have never seen him. I am pleased with my coalt from Stockholder—but 
it is the only coalt from him, that I have seen. Having the utmost confi- 
dence in you and your impartial judgement, I will leave to you on the 
following terms, to decide for me. 

I have six mares, if they all do well, I may say seven, that I would put 
to Sir William, or Stockholder, paying the cash as soon as I can collect 
from Mr Jarnygan or Mr Cage, for two, I would pay so soon as the 
season was out. Now sir if your terms are such that you cannot comply, 

T enclose a note, that Dunwwody can carry to Mr Shelby, and if he will, 
accept of the terms proposed. let my gray be put to Stockholder. If he 
will not, put the gray to Sir William, and I will send my other mares to 
the Pacific, half brother to Bartrand that stands near me. 


1 Lewis was at this time very busy in connection with Jackson’s canvass. A letter 
from W. C. Emmit to Jackson, May 26, 1828, seems to indicate that Lewis’s personal 
finances were confused and that Jackson was helping him to take up a note for $1000. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. 


396 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Mrs J. unites with me in kind respects to you and Mrs Cryer and be- 
lieve me your friend 


P. S»Should you meet me on the terms proposed, you will destroy the 
note to Mr Shelby, and say nothing about it: otherwise send it. 


N. B. I will engage six mares and if my mare is put, I have directed 
Dunwody to pay half a Dollar to the groom—J. 

This 5th January 1829 I have settled with the Revd H. M. Cryer agree- 
able to the terms of the above letter, that is to say five mares at Twenty 
Dollars each, and three at twenty five Dollars each. 


To Rev. Harpy M. Cryver.* 


HERMITAGE, March 22, 1828. 

My D’r Sir, I send by Dunwody a sorrel mare of first blood, a fine 
breeder (one of Cottons) she is just taken from her foal, and is in season, 
she will have to be fed, so soon as the mare now sent is done with the 
horse, I will send A. J. Donelsons Pacolet, and try her once more. she has 
brought one coalt, but has failed two years. I have shown your letter to 
Mr Donelson, and his Pacolet mare was one of the 8 named in my letter, 
if you did not mean to extend your terms, only to me, please inform me, 
as I have but six of my own, one of my wards, A. J. Donelsons, son of 
Wm Donelson deceased, and one of Capt A. J. Donelson above named, 
all of these will be sent under my terms, and were those intended in my 
letter to you, but as you might not understand it so, I now explain, as I 
wish no concealment, and wish your answer. I will thank you, if you 
have Stockholders Stud Book, to inform me when, each of my four mares 
now here stood to the horse, they are all in foal, but shew no sign of drop- 
ping their coalts early. 


To Hues L. Waite. 


HERMITAGE, March 30, 1828. 

My Dear sir, I have Just recd. your letter of the 2d instant, and thank 
you for it; and permit me to assure you, I duly appreciate your motives. 

one of the most painful occurrence of my life would be to have cause 
to change that good opinion of and feelings of friendship I have always 
entertained for Mr. M.* I cannot disguise tho, when the letter alluded to 
reached me, it smelled so much of deception that my hair stood on end 
for an hour. I am happy to receive the explanation given, but I cannot 
refrain from making the remark, that it is unfortunate that my com- 
munications of such importance have been lost, and more recently, docu- 
ments mislaid, “‘in the dark recesses of the war Department”. However 
I am willing to receive any apology for the past, as I always intended to 
act on the Defensive, and I hope nothing may hereafter occur at wine 
drinkings etc. etc., to arouse my suspicions of the sincerity of my friend 
Mr. M. as I have a great desire to carry my good opinion of him to my 


grave. I am told he and his soninlaw has been for the last six months 
engaged in writing a Book. 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. 
1 Monroe. 


April, 1828 397 


When I first recd a copy of the letter of the oth of Sept. 1818,? I was 
induced to believe from my inquiries, that it had been obtained by the 
friendship of Mr. C.* that I might be placed on my guard and Judge of 
the sincerity of the professed friendship of Mr. M—as the letter had no 
marks that it was either confidential, or private, I supposed this probable; 
but I had doubts of its being genuine, and to put this to rest the original 
was in due time placed in my hands, as had been promised to put an end 
to my credulity and the copy first sent me, taken by the individual who 
handed me the original.* It is due to Mr. C. as well as myself that a call 
should be [made] upon him to know from whom he got the intelligence 
that I had this letter in my possession, and if without his consent it was 
furnished, I can soon get into this mistery. I wish you and Major Eaton 
therefore to see Mr. C. and make the inquiry sugested—and if the origi- 
nal was addressed to him, and has been taken secretely out of his bureau, 
it shall be safely preserved and returned to him, thro any safe channel, he 
may suggest. 

There is mistery in this thing, I would like to unravel it, and will, so 
soon as I receive you[r] answer after seeing Mr. C. Mr. C. can say 
who had access to his papers that would do such an act without his consent. 

In haste respectfully yr friend 


GENERAL W. R. Swirt To JACKSON. 


New York, April 8, 1828. 

Dear Sir, I have just now shipped on board Ship Dewitt Clinton for 
N. Orleans and addressed it to care of W. C Withers Esqr. of that place 
a Barrel Scuppernong Wine forwarded me by my friend Gen Lewis D 
Wilson of Tarborough;* Mr Withers is requested to expedite it to you, 
as a present from my friend Genl. W. and I wish it safe to hand. 

Having disposed of that, it may not be unacceptable to you to learn 
how we progress in our great state with regard to the important ques- 
tion now so interesting to our citizens. You will observe by the Enquirer 
(Noahs)? of yesterday the very spirited appeal of the Republican General 
Committee to their Republican brethren throughout the state. It will pro- 
duce a good effect, and which it is but justice to Mr Noah to add was 
drawn up by himself, and by him recommended to the venerable chair- 
man Capt. Bailey. Mr Edemons is very desirous the mode of election 
should be changed before the rising of our assembly to the General ticket 
system, being very sanguine of a large majority in your favor—this he 
told me a few days since and that he had written Mr Cambreleng on the 
subject with a view of operating on Mr Van Buren.’ Noah is less sanguine 


2 Monroe to Calhoun; see Correspondence of John C. Calhoun, ed. Jameson (Am. 
Hist. Assoc., Ann. Rept., 1899, vol. I1.), pp. 260-264. 

3 Calhoun. 

4 The letter was sent to Jackson by Sam Houston. See Jackson’s memorandum to A. J. 
Donelson, Mar. 8, 1831, post. 

1 State senator in North Carolina for many years. ; d : 

2The New York Enquirer (afterwards Courier and Enquirer), edited by Mordecai 
M. Noah. 
3 John W. Edmonds, N. Y. state recorder; C. C. Cambreleng, M. C. from New York 
1821-1830. 


398 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


of so large a majority, but considers half the votes at least, under any 
circumstances certain. ; ; 

The Morgan affair * now revived for party purposes, and which there is 
little doubt Mr Clay has had a principal hand in, makes no little noise in 
our interior and requires to be managed with great delicacy—plans being 
on the tapis to cause in good time a serious re-action in our favor from 
this most unprincipled appeal to the worst passions of the multitude, and 
as a mason myself, cannot conceive how Mr C. can reconcile it to his 
feelings and conscience as one of the craft likewise, in taking any part 
in the corrupt measure. In N Jersey the Chairman of the Central Com- 
mittee, calculates with great certainty upon a majority in our favor of 
1200 to 2000. The opponents to the present administration require to 
be very active in that state. My feelings were much gratified in finding 
at Trenton, Princeton and N. Brunswick so many, and so decided in 
their expressions with the great majority of our country. I only found 
one exception and that at Princeton. At Elizabethtown and Newark, 
they were far from being so unanimous. The last winter I passed with 
your influential and zealous advocate and my sterling friend Jno Gray 
Blount of Washing[ton] NC. That state is safe enough. I was asked by a 
mutual friend of Mr Gastons® and mine in passing through Baltimore 
what had caused the change in Mr. G’s sentiments, the gentleman de- 
claring that at his table two years past he warmly espoused your cause. 
It matters little, as his influence is very, very limited in N. C., and the 
flourish he made was only intended to operate on other states. 

I have been prolix, and quite unreserved in my present communication, 
which I trust you will excuse and attribute to the honest zeal I hope I feel 
in the pending contest. Be pleased to present my respects to Mr. Mc- 
Lemore. I should be much gratified by your acknowledgement when 
leisure permits of receipt this letter, remaining Dear Sir very respectfully 
and faithfully yours, 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, April 8, 1828. 

. . . . [have no doubt you have heard that A. J. Hutchings has been 
suspended, for bad conduct. I have had him ever since, at a school in 
this neighborhood, and will endeavour to get him again into college, but 
I fear when out of my sight he will not be controlled, his conduct has 
given me much pain, indeed this, with my other perplexities, has been as 
much as my fortutide can well bear. To be in a situation that I can 
neither speak, or punish the calumniators, is unpleasant. they know it, 
or I am sure such men as Doctor Armstrong would not hazard the risque 
to come forth to lie for Andrew Erwin about me. But providence I hope 
will prolong my days, untill I can both speak and act, when an awful 
retribution upon the heads of the leaders, and exciters, will come. upwards 
of 15,000 copies of the vilest slanders from the pen of Hammonds ? have 


pe ia ae Ny nes geet William Morgan. 

illiam Gaston, M. C. from North Carolina 1813-1817, and i j 

: Tenn, Hist Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. SiaERl DREAD ANCES 
ruth’s Advocate and Monthly Anti-Jackson Ex posit —Oct. 

Hammond of the Cincinnati Gazette and others. iia hace ee AE Dot ic 


April, 1828 399 


been republished at the city, and franked by the members of congress, 
over the whole union. such profligate conduct as this, to be countenanced 
by our executive government, and aided by the franking privilege of 
members of congress, if not frowned down by the indignation of a vir- 
tuous people, then will Mr Adams have reallised, what has been ascribed 
as his motives, “that he would join the republicans and urge them into 
such measures as will disgust the people with their present government, 
and incline them to accept one similar to that of England” .... 


Jacxson’s TarLor’s BIL. 


NASHVILLE, April 23, 1828. 
Gen Andrew Jacksn Detor to William Cummins to making I coat and two 
par of pantiloons $5.50 
to finding triming pading 62% 
thred and twist 8714 butens 37% silk 12% 


Mr Earls work 


to making I coat and 1 par of pantiloons $4.50 
to finding pading 62%4 thred and twist 75 butens 25 silk 12% 


A. J. Hutchings work 
to making I coat and 1 pare of pantiloons $3.25 to finding pading 37% 
thred and twist 6214 butens 25 


to making 1 pare of pantiloons for your son A. Jackson $1 

to finding thred twist and butents 37% 

the buv acount is $19.62% 

June 28th 1828, recd, Twenty dollars in full of the within account 
leaving one dollar due on old account, which when paid is in full of all 


acpts to this date 
WILLIAM CUMMINS 


[Indorsement in Jackson’s handwriting:] Mr Cummins Taylor recpt 
in full 28th June 1828—one dollar due on old acpt. 


To Coronet JAmMEs A. HAMILTON.” 


HermiracE, April 29, 1828. 

_... In answer to your inquiries on the subject of my connection 
with Masonry, I have to observe that I presided several years as Royal 
Arch Mason in the grand Lodge of Tennessee, but have not attended the 
sessions for two years or thereabouts. I have not attended the Chapter 

for many years, say fifteen or twenty. 

It will be a stain on our history to have it said that any administration 
with the view of sustaining its power should take advantage of the mys- 
terious fate of Morgan. Such an unhallowed use of power can scarcely 
be credited here. But I will not comment on the subject, nor advert to 
the disclosures which have been recently published. ... . 


1 Copy. Handwriting of A. J. Donelson. James Alexander Hamilton, third son of 
Alexander Hamilton, was a warm supporter of Jackson. 


28 


400 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


VICE-PRESIDENT CALHOUN TO JACKSON." 


WasuincTon, April 30, 1828. 

Dear Sir, I received a short time since a letter from Mjr. Lee at Nash- 
ville, of which I enclose a copy with a copy of my answer. The cor- 
respondence requires no explination, farther than to remark, ‘hat the 
Majr. in his letter to Mr Monroe, to which he refers in his to myself, 
requests him to inform him what construction the executive gave to the 
orders, under which your operations in the Semenole campaign were car- 
ried on, and that his request to me refers to information on the same 
subject. With you, I cannot have the slightest objection to correspond 
on the subject, if addition[al] information be desirable 

I learn from Judge White, that you wish me to indicate the convey- 
ance, by which I may desire the return of Mr Monroe’s letter to me of 
the oth Sepr. 1818. I know of no other, which will probably offer, but 
the mail, and you will be pleased to return it by that conveyance, under 
cover to my address, and inclosed to the Post Master General, to be for- 
warded to me in case, I should have left the city before its arrival. 

I am at a loss to conjecture how the letter was taken out of my pos- 
session. It was doubtless the work of an enemy for the foulest purpose, 
but whether the motive was to serve those in power by sowing discord 
among their opponents, or to put you off your guard against old enemies 
by pretending to guard you against friends, whether it was enmity to you 
[or] to Mr Monroe, or myself, I know not, as I am ignorant of the chan- 
nel through which it reached you. The mystery ought to be unveiled, and 
for that purpose Judge White has my permission to make known to you, 
in what manner, I had the first intimation, that the letter was out of my 
possession. If it be material to the unravelling of the plot, I doubt not, 
tho the communication was strictly confidential, but what my informant 
would assent to the disclosure of his name. He is a gentleman of the high- 
est honor and is among your most steadfast friends. In order to have 
all possible light on this mysterious subject, I would be gratified to know 
the channel through which the letter passed to you, if it can be made 
known by you without impropriety. 


With great respect, I am ete. 


Copy of aletter [of Calhoun] to Mjr. Lee 


D’r Sir, I have received your letter of the 30th March enclosing one 
to Mr. Monroe, which, as you requested, I sealed and forwarded to him. 
As much as I commend your solicitude to be correct in the Narrative, 
which you are preparing for the press, I cannot with any sense of pro- 
priety, standing as I do before the American people in an important 
political relation towards Genl. Jackson, enter into a discussion of the 


construction of the order[s] under which the Semenole operations were 
carried on by him. 


1 See also Calhoun to Monroe, Mar. 7, 1828, in Correspondence of John C. Calhoun, 


(Am. Hist. Assoc., Ann. Rept., 1899, vol. II.), p. 260; id. to i i 
a cena 0 ), Dp ; id. to id., April, 1828, and May 4, 


May, 1828 401 


As you refer to the publick documents only for the construction, which 
the executive gave to the orders, I infer, that on this subject, you have 
not had access to the General’s private papers; but, if I be in an error, and 
if the construction, which the administration gave the orders be not 
stated, with sufficient distinctness, in the then President’s correspondence 
with him, I will cheerfully give as one of the members of that adminis- 
tration, my own views fully in relation to them, if it be desired by General 
Jackson; but it is only with him, and at his desire, that under existing 
circumstances, I would feel myself justified in corresponding on this, or 
any other subject connected with his publick conduct. As this correspon- 
dence relates to Genl. Jackson, I deem it my duty to furnish him with a 
copy of your letter to me and a copy of this answer. 

With great respect I am etc. 


To Rev. Harpy M. Cryer. 


HERMITAGE, May 3, 1828. 

D’r Sir, I received your letter of the 21st ultimo, by Dunwodie, and 
was happy to hear that your health was improving, may you continue to 
enjoy that blessing. 

I sincerely regret your pecuniary embarassments, and I would to God, 
I had the means to relieve you. I have not. my own, for the first time 
since I got clear of my securityship, twelve years ago, are more than I 
can meet, bad crops and low prices of produce, have left me indebted, and 
without funds. indeed for the last few years, although I practice oecon- 
omy, still I have no controll of my expences, but my Dr Sir do not lose 
heart, you have friends and if they have not money, they have credit and 
property and will aid you in the time of need, as much as they can. 

I send two mares with their young coalts to Sir William, you will find 
the Cotton mare very indifferent, and even discouraging to put her again 
to a fine horse, but hope she will do better from Sir William, than she 
has from Stockholder. I send a dollar for the groom. I have been mak- 
ing inquiry for a purchaser for your negro wench and children, but can 
hear of no purchaser in this neighborhood. indeed there is no one here 
who has any money, all are hard pressed, and I have no doubt but money 
will be more difficult to [be] raised this, than it has been for many years. 
I have not been able to collect one dollar, out of all the debts owing me 
and to meet some pressing engagements have been obliged to go into 


To Rev. Harpy M. Cryer. 


HERMITAGE, May 11, 1828. 

I have the unpleasant intelligence to communicate, that this morning 
was found dead, the mare brought down yesterday by your son. Having 
company when she arrived, I only saw her at a distance, and Charles 
when he put her away did not discover her being unwell—I suppose she 
must have died with the botts. “He that giveth hath a right to take 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. 
1 [bid. 


402 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


away”, and at those things I never repine—I have lost in the last 18 
months, at least $3000 worth of horses, and my favorite gray mare, has 
been twice ill with the grubs, since she came from the horse. ; 

I hope I shall have the pleasure to see you soon, at the Hermitage, 
therefore shall not now reply to your former letter, barely observing, that 
the honest and upright man, as long as humanity, virtue, and charity ex- 
ists in society, must always find friends in the day of need—when this 
ceases to be, then indeed, has the social compact failed to be what divinity 
intended by the wisdom of its in[s]titution. 

My health is better—I have had a severe attack, but hope in a few days 
to regain my usual strength, when pressing business will compel me to 
Alabama for a few days—before I get out, I would be glad to see you. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, May 12, 1828. 

.... I sincerely thank you for your letter of the 2d of May. it con- 
tains information that may be useful, altho I have got Nath’l Williams in 
an awkward situation. I was furnished by a gentleman in Va. with an 
extract of his letter to his friend detailing my agency with Burr; this I 
made the basis of my letter to him; a comparison of his answer to me, 
with his letter to his friend, blasts him forever. I have written for a copy 
of his letter, whether I will obtain it or not, is yet very doubtful, the 
Judge has become alarmed, and wrote to his friend that his letter was 
intirely confidential, and to destroy it. It is perhaps, the first confidential 
slander ever introduced before a large convention. On this Burr business, 
my friends at Washington and Richmond, are prepared to meet it, when- 
ever the attack is made. My letter[s] to Claiborne Jefferson Campbell and 
Genl Smith,” with the certificate of Aulston obtained by Judge White, 
places me on safe ground from the secrete‘attacks of these vile mis- 
creants, the Williams. 

The patronage of the government for the last three years has been 
wielded to corrupt every thing that comes within its influence, and was 
capable of being corrupted, and it would seem, that virtue and truth, has 
fled from its embrace. The administrators of the Govt has stained our 
national character, and it rests with the people to work it out, by a full 
expression of their disapprobation. The present is a contest between the 
virtue of the people, and the influence of patronage, should patronage 
prevail, over virtue, then indeed “ the safe precedent ”’, will be established, 
that the President, appoints his successor in the person of the sec of state. 
Then the people may prepare themselves to become “‘ hewers of wood and 
drawers of water ’’, to those in power, who with the Treasury at com- 
mand, will wield by its corrupting influence a majority to support it. The 
present is an important struggle, for the perpetuity of our republican gov- 
ernment, and I hope the virtue of the people may prevail, and all may be 
well. From the signs of the times, it appears, that the influence of the 
administration is on the wane, and the cause of the people will prevail. 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 


2 The letters of Nov. 12, 1806, to Claiborne, Jeffers d Smith 
may be found in vol. I., pp. 152-156. J amenities se gg ttt? 


May, 1828 403 


I have had a severe attack, am recovering and in a few more days I 
hope I will regain my former strength when I intend to visit you, and 
have the accounts of Hutchings estate brought up and closed. I have been 
obliged to labour too hard—My friends were determined to meet the 
various slanders that were issued against me—the various calls for infor- 
mation, I had to meet, and altho, I had adopted the firm resolution not to 
notice them myself for the present, still when Mrs J. character was so 
basely attacked, it was more than my mind could bear to hear it, and not 
redress it, with that punishment it deserved. I hope providence will spare 
me to that day, when I can freely act, when a retributive justice will await 
the actors in this vile procedure. This granted, I will set my house in 
order and leave this world in peace... .. 


JouNn BRANCH TO JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, May 23, 1828. 

My Dear Sir, Ina few days Congress will adjourn after a protracted 
Session of near six months. You may well imagine that many of us who 
have families are all anxiety to be off. I cannot however depart without 
saying to you that the prospects are as cheering nay more so than when 
we first assembled. The new tariff has however depressed the spirits of 
our southern friends no little, and will I fear produce a sensation in that 
portion of our union, which if followd up by new exactions on the part 
of the Governm’t must terminate in results deeply to be deplored by every 
friend to the harmony and union of these States. For my own part it 
shall be my purpose rather to allay than to foment them. 

Both parties have striven to operate on the public mind by legislative 
enactments. Our friends I am frank to say have fought their opponents 
with their own weapons and are therefore not exempt from their full 
share of those undue influences. If the alternative was presented to me 
of either perpetuating this corrupt dynasty or suffering my votes in Con- 
gress to be influenced by considerations connected with the pending Presi- 
dential election I certainly could not hesitate which of the two to choose. 
Of two evils I could choose the least; for I verily believe that if by any 
means Adams and Clay succeed, that the subversion of the liberties of 
this people would inevitably ensue. Every thing therefore dear to free- 
men is at stake. 

But Sir I am not one of those who think that the politicians in Con- 
gress or out of Congress can vary the result. If elected which I trust in 
God you will be You will owe your election to the people, Yes Sir to the 
unbiased, unbought suffrages of the independent, grateful yeomenry of 
this Country. You will come into the Executive chair untrammeled, free 
to pursue the dictates of your own judgment. Many of the would be 
leaders are but humble followers of the people and while they profess to 
lead, are themselves led. It is really amusing to look on at the game that 
is playing by those in power, every stratagem every trick and device is 
resorted to to perpetuate their ill gotten power, when detected in one they 
fly to another, and as the game is drawing to a close they often present a 
ludicrous appearance. .... 


404 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Major JAMES HAMILTON, JR., TO JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, May 25, 1828. 

My Dear Sir. I do myself the honor of enclosing you a speech, in 
which however much you may differ from me in some mere matters of 
doctrine as to the political economy of the question, you will I am sure 
do justice to the honesty and sincerety of my feelings. The truth is that 
this infamous Administration has pressed this most iniquitous Tariff 
against the South with I believe the express hope of driving us into Re- 
bellion by which they thought they would obtain the votes of Penylvia, 
Ohio and Newyork, but I am sure the good sense and Patriotism of 
So. C. will induce it to take no strong measures until your election is put 
beyond a doubt. I regret that your tariff friends yielded to the popular 
delusion. They have taken a step which they will find it difficult to main- 
tain and have to retrace. .... 


To ViIcE-PRESIDENT CALHOUN.* 


HeErMITAGE, May 25, 1828. 

Dear Sir, Your letter of the 30th April 1828, with Majr Lee’s of the 
30th to you, and your reply, has been recd. 

These letters seemed only to require the remark that Majr Lee has 
never seen Mr Monroe’s private correspondence with me, and that he 
is, therefore, left to place such a construction upon the public documents 
as he may conceive they justly deserve. Indeed that correspondence can 
be of little use in the interpretation of the orders by which I was gov- 
erned, as on this subject it manifests nothing but an opinion entertained 
by the executive after they had been executed. Majr Lee has, however, 
shewn me a letter from Mr Monroe to him, in which he refers to this 
correspondence, and from which it may be inferred that he is desirous 
it should be made public. If this be the fact I can assure him that I have 
no objection to it. 

I can have no wish at this day to obtain an explanation of the orders 
under which I acted whilst charged with the campaign against the semi- 
nole Indians in Florida. I viewed them, when recd. as plain and explicit ; 
and called for by the situation of the country. I executed them faith- 
fully, and was happy in reply to my reports to the Department of War 
to receive your approbation for it. If doubts as to their import had 
occurred, I should have asked for explanation before I undertook their 
execution, but none did occur, nor did I suppose that any could be enter- 
tained by others, until I recd. the letter of the 19th July 1818 from Mr 
Monroe,’ to which you have referred, and upon which I shall make a few 
remarks as Mr Monroe has also referred to it in his communication to 
the Majr. 

To this letter I replied in August * detailing at some length the views 
which I entertained of your orders, and referring to my communications 
from Florida where it is said that the measures I had adopted were in 

1 Copy. Handwriting of A. J. Donelson. 


2 See vol. II., p. 382. 
3 Thid., p. 380. 


May, 1828 405 


pursuance of your instructions, under a full conviction that they alone 
were calculated to give peace and security to our frontier. Mr Monroes 
answer * contains this remark “ that the best course to be pursued seems 
to me to be, for you (meaning me) to write a letter to the Dept of War 
in which I would state, that having reason to think that a difference of 
opinion existed between you and the executive relative to the extent of 
your powers, you thought it due to yourself to state your views of them 
and on which you acted. This will be answered so as to explain ours 
in a very friendly manner by Mr Calhoun etc. etc.” This letter was recd. 
on the 13th November, and in my answer to it of the 15th ° I referred him 
to my dispatches from Ft Gadsden and particularly requested his atten- 
tion to the closing paragraph where I expressly state that all my mea- 
sures were in conformity to your instructions, and that of course if the 
ground be then taken that I had transcended my powers, that document 
would shew that I believed I had not. The fact is I never had the least 
ground to believe that any difference of opinion between the goverment 
and myself existed on the subject of my powers: so far from this, to the 
communications which I made shewing the construction which I placed 
upon them, there was not merely no difference of opinion indicated in the 
replies of the executive, but (as far as I received replies) an entire ap- 
proval of the measures which I adopted. There can be no question that 
those measures are sustained by the principles of international law by 
which of course they were governed the moment I entered the foreign 
territory, and that the orders entrusting to my discretion “ the speedy 
termination of the War, with exemplary punishment for crimes so un- 
provoked, and security to our bleeding frontier”, anticipated this step, 
I had a right to believe, not only from an obvious construction of them, 
but from your approbation of my conduct. As Mr Monroe, however, 
seemed anxious to have on record some views of his own on the subject, 
my letter of the 15th Novbr. was concluded with the observation that 
“if the Secy. of War should address me a letter upon this subject I would 
answer it fully and promptly”. This letter never was received; and I 
have of course rested satisfied with the belief that I had executed my 
orders to the letter and spirit, and had obtained the approbation of my 
country. 

After the free and confidential correspondence with Mr Monroe, as in 
part stated, I must confess that the knowledge of the letter of the oth 
Septr. 1818 supposed to have been written to you, taken in connection 
with Mr Southards wine drinking speech and other rumors of the day, 
truly astonished me. I am not yet free from surprise, and upon some other 
occasion may ask you for an explanation, But I certainly can wish none 
in relation to orders which I think every military man will say were 
faithfully executed. 

Agreeable to your request I enclose the letter alluded to of Mr Monroe 
which I suppose to have been directed to you. I send it precisely as I recd. 
it: Tho’ I had before recd. a copy from a high and responsible source who 
could have had no agency in obtaining it, with the promise that the origi- 


4 Tbid., p. 308. 
5 Ibid., p. 398, note. 


406 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


nal should be sent to me, J thought it a forgery: but in the mean time the 
original came as enclosed, and was handed me by a Gentleman who as 
far as I know or have been informed never was employed in the War 
Dept, and if he is honest could have had no unfriendly views to you. 
When the copy was first sent, it was intimated that it was with your 
privity as from the signs of the times it might be necessary for self de- 
fence. It may be possible that the Gentleman who informed you of its 
having been sent me, can explain how it came into my hands. 

I have before stated that Majr Lee has shewn me yours and Mr Mon- 
roe’s letters to him, and appears to have a desire to enter into a correspon- 
dence with you both on the subject of those orders. Should it meet your 
wishes I can have no objection: or if Mr Monroe requests it every private 
and confidential letter that ever passed between us shall be cheerfully laid 
before the nation. As Mr Monroe has referred the Majr to this cor- 
respondence if convenient, I will thank you to communicate to him my 
feelings on the subject; but without his request I shall not expose this 
correspondence to Majr. Lee, or any one else 

I tender you my best salutation and am with great respect etc., yr friend 


Major-GENERAL THOMAS PINCKNEY TO JACKSON. 


Cuarteston, May 26, 1828. 

Dear Sir, I am very sorry that it is not in my power to comply with 
the request contained in your favor of the 22d of last month by forward- 
ing to you a copy of your dispatch to me of the 28th of March 1814. At 
the close of the last war an order was issued by the Secretary of War, 
directing that all the military correspondence and documents relating 
thereto, should be transferd to the department at the seat of Govern- 
ment: in conformity whereto all your official letters to me must have 
been sent to Washington, together with all the contents of the Adjutant 
Generals and inspectors Offices of the District in which I commanded. 
But, although much debilitated by sickness and old age, I hasten to 
answer your letter which (though with the Nashville post mark of the 
ist May) has but recently reached me, in order to assure you of my con- 
viction that your letter, as published in Niles’ Register, must be an ac- 
curate copy of what you wrote on the battle ground? the morning after 
the Action: although it must appear presumptuous for a man in his 
seventy eighth year to prefer the result of his recollection to that of one 
12 or I5 years younger. But I will explain to you the grounds of this 
preference, from whence you can draw your own inference. Your doubts 
appear to be founded in part on the circumstance of the 16 Indians killed 
on the morning on which you wrote; of which you have no recollection: 
but I not only perfectly recollect the fact having been made known to me 
either by your dispatch or by the relation of Officers who supported you 
in that decisive victory, but I well remember that it was the subject of 
much conversation as a conspicuous instance of the savage principle of 
neither receiving nor giving quarter. From the verbal accounts these 16 


1 See vol. I., p. 488. For the more formal report mentioned above, the editor has instead 
printed, ibid., p. 489, Jackson’s report to Governor Blount. 


June, 1828 407 


Indians were reported to have posted themselves in a thicket within the 
inclosure, from whence they early in the morning fired upon our people; 
and although repeatedly urged in their own language, to surrender, with 
a promise of quarter and good treatment, they persisted in their resistance, 
until it became necessary to destroy them; as they could not be left, or 
permitted to escape to continue their depredations on our frontier. And 
you will observe that the above is alluded to in my letter to Governor 
Early as the cause of the extensive slaughter of that tremendous day. 
Another reason is that I perfectly remember the sentiments contained in 
my letter to the Governor of Georgia and although I have not my letter 
book at hand, I believe that letter as reported in the Register to be correct. 
I have also a perfect recollection of the “hasty sketch of the situation 
in which the enemy were incamped and of the manner in which you ap- 
proached them” as stated in that dispatch. It may be observed also that 
as the letters were published in the Register on the 23d of April of the 
same year no motive could at that time have existed for altering the origi- 
nal document. To which I may add that my Secretary was remarkable 
for the fidelity and accuracy of his transactions: and that one of my aids, 
I had with me in the Creek nation, but now in this City, perfectly remem- 
bers the transaction of the Indians killed on the 28th of March, as re- 
lated by the Officers of your Army whom we joined at Fort Jackson. 

But I presume another ground exists for your doubts on this subject 
which your delicacy may have prevented you from objecting to me: 
otherwise you might very well have enquired how I could have been so 
inattentive to all military usage and etiquette as to forward a copy of 
your dispatch to the Governor of Georgia, which ought not to have been 
communicated but through the department of war. This is accounted for 
as follows: When in conformity to the orders of the President I as- 
sumed the general direction of the Creek war, I found the only troops at 
my disposal, for this purpose, consisted of the Militia of the adjacent 
States. An intense interest in the events of the war was naturally excited 
in those States, particularly among the relatives and friends of those 
actively engaged in the contest; and thinking that, in our circumstances, 
the public service would not suffer by deviating, in favor of these feel- 
ings, from the usuall routine, I solicited and obtained from the War 
department permission to publish at once on the spot, the official communi- 
cations I might receive of the events occurring in the different detach- 
ments of the Army under my direction... . . 


To Major Wit11AM B. LeEwis.* 


HERMITAGE, June, 1828. 
D’r Major, I kindly thank you for your solicitude about my health. 
My throat is better, and my general health good. When a convenient op- 
portunity offers, and your health will permit, come up, and Mrs. J. and 
myself, will endeavour to aid in the restoration of your own health. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Transcript. Original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library. 


408 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I send enclosed a letter of Col. Anderson as a specimen [of] the 
friendly feelings he always held, and expressed for me, up to the time of 
his [com]ing forth with Dr. Mays supposed letters, [or] Andersons 
forging of them. you will use it [if] you think proper. 

Should it become necessary to expose A. McCurrys statement of Wood- 
wards acknowledgement of the statement read to him, W., being sub- 
stantially correct; and the statements of Col. Hamilton, Lauderdale, 
Wyman, and Kingsley, will be the best mode of bringing it before the 
public. I have conversed with McCurry and he will draw off the state- 
ment read to Mr. Woodward, and freely give the statement. Mr. Earl 
will hand you an extract from Genl. Coles letter on the Shelby business. 
I think it would be well to give Earls statement in reply to Thos. Shelby 
about the portrait, a place in the Republican at Nashville, or send it on 
with the other statements. 

Genl. Gains promised me a statement of the uniform declarations of 
Anderson respecting me.” I wish you to name it to him, and get it from 
him. 

In haste yr. friend 


To GENERAL W. R. Swirt.* 


HERMITAGE, June 2, 1828. 

Dear Sir, I had the honor some time since to receive your letter of the 
8th April last advising me of your having shipped on board the De Witt 
Clinton a barrel of Scuppernong wine as a present from Genl Lewis D 
Wilson of Tarborough, [N. C.] to me. This barrel has arrived safely, 
and was yesterday broached at the Hermitage. It was pronounced by 
several of my friends, with whom I concurred, to be excellent wine. It 
is certainly a favorable specimen of the adaptation of the Tarborough 
land to the growth of the vine, and worthy the attention of the country. 
I pray you to assure the Genl that I accept it with double pleasure as a 
token of his respect, and the production of his own soil. 

I feel thankful for the information which you have afforded me on the 
subject of the politics of your great state, They are interesting to us all, 
and no doubt will not disappoint the advocates of republican principles. 
The excitement which has grown out of the Morgan affair had its origin 
no doubt in some misapprehension of fact, and will yield to a fair and 
temperate examination. I am sorry that there is the least ground for the 
suspicion that the friends of the administration have sought to make it 
a party test. Should it be true, it must be an eternal stain on their memory 
whatever may be its immediate effect on their reelection. 

As relates, my dear Sir, to my own elevation it is unnecessary for me 
now to speak. Should the republicans of your state and the majority of 
my fellow citizens, call me to administer the Govt. I shall do my utmost 
to discharge the arduous duties of the office, and should hope by the favor 


oF Providence to be instrumental in the correction of many of the present 
abies: erate 


2 Printed in Heiskell, Jackson, II. 457. 
1 Copy. Handwriting of A. J. Donelson. General Swift wrote from New York. 


June, 1828 409 


To JAmMes H. Witrnerspoon AND OTHERS.’ 


HERMITAGE, June 2, 1828. 

Gentlemen, I have had the pleasure to receive your kind letter of the 
12th ult. inviting me to celebrate with the citizens of my native district 
the approaching anniversary of our national independence. 

For this pleasing testimonial of the esteem of the citizens of Lancas- 
ter, I pray you Gentlemen, to offer to them the assurance of my heartfelt 
thanks. If it were in my power nothing could be more grateful to my 
feelings than to comply with their wish; but the distance to be travelled, 
and the various requisitions upon my time at home, compel me to say 
that this pleasure must be posponed to some other period. 

Be pleased, Gentlemen, to accept for yourselves individually, and con- 
vay to those you represent my gratitude for your tender recollection of 
me as citizen of Lancaster. This obligation is hightened by the conscious- 
ness on my part, that absence and time have not weakened the ardour 
of that sentiment which consecrates the memory of the place which gave 
me birth 

I have the honor to be Gentlemen 
your very obdt. servt 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, June 20, 1828. 

D’r Genl, When I last wrote you, I expected to have been with you 
ere this, but the administration is making their last, dying desperate strug- 
gle and you will see from the newspapers that all their corrupt tools are, 
and have been at work—you will see in the reporter,’ the long rumored 
letter of Doctor May procured by Wm P. Anderson and Col. Williams. 
if wrote by May, it displays a depravity more than common in the basest 
of the human race, and displays another viper I have cherished in my 
bosom. It will be promptly noticed, and the memory of May handed 
down to everlasting dishonor; and I trust I will be able fully to expose 
Williams, and Anderson in this thing. 

I am told by my son that James Jackson has shewn a disposition to 
be friendly with you. If so, should an opportunity offer, to introduce a 
conversation with him on this subject, he was then friendly with me, 
and intimate with May, and heard him often extole my conduct on that 
occasion, as honorable and fair in the highest degree. If, on conversing 
with him, he speaks freely on the subject and recollects the Doctors decla- 
rations, you can say to him, that justice and magnanimity would say to 
him to give a statement in writing of the Doctors uniform expressions on 
this subject. If he does, send it to me, but do not ask him for it. 

How hard it is to keep the cowhide from some of these villians. I have 
made many sacrifices for the good of my country—but the present, being 


1The committee of Lancaster District, S. C., consisted of James H. Witherspoon, 
chairman, John Nisbet, John Stewart, Nathaniel Barker, Jackey Perry, Sam. R. Gibson, 
Bartlett Jones, and H. Massey, sr. 

1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

2 The Kentucky Reporter, published at Lexington, a dp F. May was one of Jack- 
son’s neighbors. William P. Anderson and Col. John Williams were also Tennesseans, 


410 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


placed in a situation that I cannot act, and punish those slanderers, not 
only of me, but Mrs. J. is a sacrifice too great to be well endured—yet a 
littie I must bear with it. to be told through the prints by such a villain 
as Andrew Erwin that I told him in 1811 that I was in the negro trade is 
really too much, he knows my hands are bound, he does this to vex me, 
and being detected in a lie, shifts his ground, and gives his own operations 
for a proof. If my directions are complied with, he will get a reply which 
he deserves. I fear our editors want a little more energy—still I hope 
this fellow Erwin will be fully met. The other case I am sure will be. 

I have Judge Overtons statement of the uniform statement of Doctor 
May, his situation is a delicate one, and I will not use it if I can help it— 
Therefore have brought to your view James Jackson—he being unfriendly 
with me, would have a good effect, and at once stop Patrick H. Darby and 
such other corrupt tools in Kentucky. But from experience I know the 
corruption of the times, and act with great caution with James Jackson 
on this subject. 

I will be to see you as soon as I can, in the mean time please close up 
the accounts with little Hutchings estate as you find justice to him re- 
quires. I have not had time to read the acts of congress, I think there 
is a law passed, with regard to relinquished land—I know you attend to 
these laws, say to me in answer, if there is, and in what time the entry is 
to be made, that I may look round and be prepared with the funds to meet 
it—For, from the pressure upon my friend McLemore I would not now 
ask him for what he owes—and Doctor Hogg, is in the same situation. 

I have a promising crop of cotton and corn, a good rain is wanted now, 
if it should be seasonable, I will raise as much as year before last—with 
our love to Polly and the children and kind wishes for yourself, 

Iam your friend 


GENERAL THOMAS CADWALADER TO JACKSON.* 


PHILADELPHIA, June 21, 1828. 

Dear General, 1 was yesterday favored with your letter of the 2d Inst. 

In my talks with Mr: Nichol, and my other friends in your quarter, 
I spoke highly in praise of the Country about that neighbourhood, as the 
place where I would wish to select a residence, if I were to leave Phila- 
delphia. I like your soil climate and people; and the spot which you are 
so good as to recommend to me would have a peculiar advantage in my 
eyes, in adjoining the Hermitage. After living, however, man and boy, 
more than forty years in this flat city of ours, my boys several of them 
in business about me, with a large body of relations, and some friends, 
I have no idea of changing my domicil, strong as is the attraction you 


_ 1Gen. Thomas Cadwalader was an agent of the Bank of the U. S. and served it in 
important matters. He visited Nashville early in 1827. It was at that time that the 
Nashville branch was established. There is little doubt that his function was to conciliate 
Jackson, whose election by this time was pretty well assured. He was a man of fine 
personal qualities and high social position and he won an influence over Jackson, who was 
susceptible to the approaches of such a man. But it is not likely that the influence 
persisted after Jackson became President. In fact, Cadwalader soon drops out of the 
correspondence, for what reason does not appear. On Jackson’s attitude toward the bank 


Petes ins inauguration, see R. C. H. Catterall, The Second Bank of the United States 
pp. 182-185. ; 


June, 1828 411 


offer me—in fact, tho’ country retirement has long been one of my 
favorite day-dreams, I should not be sure of sleeping soundly, apart from 
the rattle of carts and carriages, the cries of watchmen, and the other 
lulling noises of a crowded population. 

Before entering into your honorable trammels of the 4th of March, 
I hope we shall have the pleasure of seeing you with Mrs. Jackson in 
Philadelphia. Mrs. Cadwalader desires me to say that no endeavours will 
be spared to supply to Mrs. J. the places of those warm friends whom 
she will leave behind her, and,. with my kindest remembrances to that 
excellent Lady, 

I remain always most respectfully and truly 


To Major WILtiAM B. LeEwis.* 


HERMITAGE, June 28, 1828. 

D’r Major, I am unadvised whether Mr. E. H. Foster has furnished 
you with the statement promised. If he has, please send me a copy of 
the one stating the conduct of the President and Cashier of the Nashville 
Bank, Dr. McNairy and Tannyhill, exposing my Bank Book to Andrew 
Erwin and Co. This I want. I wish you to send me about a dozzen of 
the Nashville Republicans.’ 

Will it be in your power to accompany me to Carthage.* I leave home 
on the evening of the first of July, and will tarry that night at Col. 
Campbells. 

If you have time write me, and give me the current news of Nashville. 

I am respectfully Yr. friend. 


To Major JAMES HAMILTON, JR. 


HERMITAGE, June 29, 1828. 

My dear sir, I have had the pleasure to receive your kind letter of the 
25th ult. with its inclosures, for which I thank you. I have read your 
speech with much attention, and permit me to assure you, if we differ in 
some matters of doctrine as to political economy, I am sure it is an honest 
difference of opinion, and I will always do Justice to your sincerity. 

I regretted to see the subject of a Tariff discussed under the strong 
feelings of political excitement that prevaded the whole nation, and con- 
gress. To regulate a Judicious tariff is a subject of great dificulty at all 
times, and ought to be discussed, with great calmness and due delibera- 
tion, with an eye to the prosperity of the whole Union, and not of any par- 
ticular part viewing the whole as one great family, and extending impar- 
tial Justice to every branch with feelings of mutual concession, extending 
to all equal benefits, and each bearing a Just portion of the burdens the 
Tariff may impose. Whether the late act will operate equally upon every 
section of the union, can only be tested by experience. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Transcript. Original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library. 
2 The Republican was the Jackson organ in Nashville. His opponents ‘published their 


attacks in the Banner and Whig. : is > By 
3 At this point Lewis has interpolated the following sentence: To a public dinner to 


be given on the 4th July to which he had been invited.” 


412 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


There is nothing that I shudder at more than the idea of a seperation 
of the Union. Should such an event ever happen, which I fervently pray 
god to avert, from that date, I view our liberty gone. It is the durability 
of the confederation upon which the general goverment is built, that must 
prolong our liberty, the moment it seperates, it is gone. The State gover- 
ments hold in check the federal, and must ever hold it in check, and the 
virtue of the people supported by the sovereign States, must prevent con- 
solidation, and will put down that corruption engendered by executive 
patronage, wielded, as it has been lately, by executive organs, to per- 
petuate their own power; The result of the present struggle between the 
virtue of the people and executive patronage will test the stability of our 
goverment, and I for one do not despair of the republic; I have great con- 
fidence in the virtue of a great majority of the people, and I cannot fear 
the result. The republic is safe, its main pillars virtue, religion and 
morality will be fostered by a majority of the people, the designing dema- 
gogues who have attempted to retain power by the most corrupt means 
will be driven by the indignant frowns of the people into obscurity, and 
if ever thereafter remembered, will be, as a Silla or caribdis. 

I sincerely regret the determination you have taken to withdraw from 
public life; * you cannot be spared from the councils of the nation; your 
services are still necessary to aid in bringing back the administration to 
the virtuous precepts of a Washington and Jefferson, in renewing the 
land marks of the constitution, between the states and general goverment, 
and to aid in the necessary amendments of the constitution. 

I sincerely thank you for the slip cut out of the Telegraph—your 
father*in his reply has displayed the true Roman, he loves his friend, but 
he loves truth more. I was truly gratified in receiving it, and was much 
astonished that Col Willett should have been the author of such a pro- 
duction—present me affectionately to your father, say to him his reply 
has added to his fame, it is approved by all, whilst all honest patriots must 
disapprove Col Willetts conduct, his publication must forever tarnish his 
fame. I hope you have recd the reply made to Col Willetts publication 
in the Nashville republican; it nails his falshood to the counter, it was sent 
you by Major H. Lee. 

My health is good. Mrs. J. makes to you a tender of her affectionate 
regard, and desires me to say to you that she will comply with your in- 
structions as far as she has the power, and unites with me in kind salu- 
tations to you and your amiable family 


Sincerely yr friend 


To Major WitiAm B. Lewis. 


HERMITAGE, July 10, 1828. 
D’r Major, 1 never before late last evening saw A. Erwins piece in 

the Banner of the 8th, however despicable I viewed him to be, I did not 

believe he was so regardless of truth, as I see from his statement there, 


1 Hamilton retired from Congress Mar. 3, 1829. 


2 James Hamilton, sr., was a Revolutionary soldier, an aide-de-cam 
Washington. He was an influential man in South Carolina, Byte tee 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 


July, 1828 413 


he must be. That he would deny the statement, tears, and supplication 
of Mrs. Erwin, on the subject of the suit, and her declarations, that she 
had been informed of the propositions of compromise, but being unable 
to meet it, they and all their Tenants would be ruined, he being present 
the whole time, convinces me, that he is the basest of the base. It was 
Mrs. Erwins tears that drew from me the reply “that I never could 
sleep sound upon my pillow, and reflect that for ten thousand dollars so 
many were in distress, therefore as my first object was to secure my 
tenants that Mr. Erwin had been trying to harrass and dispossess, that so 
far as I was interested I would relinquish, being one half the twenty 
thousand dollars, which was seized on by Mr. Erwin, and requested I 
would thus write upon the memorandom of compromise, which was to 
remain in the hands of Judge McNairy but had been put into the hands 
of Erwin, as he said, to shew his tenants. Judge McNairy has the paper 
in his possession, and I have no doubt recollects, my stating the case to 
him, and I have no doubt, that Erwin also has made a similar statement 
to him. Please ask him, if Erwin did not so state to him, as I had, the 
manner and cause of the compromise. I have no doubt but the Judge 
recollects it. The Judge has the paper containing the terms of compromise, 
and my note on margin made at the stone fort, that I would relinquish 
my interest $10,000, if he would settle ballance with James Jackson. I 
wish you to see Judge McNairy, and converse with him on this subject 
before the paper of tomorrow comes out.” 

I send inclosed a statement of Major A. J. Donelson, that can be used 
as you may think best. The publication ought to conclude with severity 
by observing, having shewn that Erwin is a base liar, and unworthy of 
the least credit, no more shall the columns of the Republican be poluted 
by noticing any thing he may say, he stands charged on the records of 
the nation by the Atto. Genl., U. States with corrupt perjury, and the 
documents here appended shews, he lies with the same fearless boldness, 
as an honest man speaks the truth, having exposed his baseness no farther 
notice will be taken of him in our colums by us, leaving him and his 
coadjutor Dr. Armstrong to the contempt of an honest public who has 
consigned them to infamy. 

In haste your friend. 


VickE-PRESIDENT CALHOUN TO JACKSON.” 


PENDLETON, July 10, 1828. 

Dear Sir, I have received your letter of the 25th May inclosing the 
letter of Mr Monroe to me of the 9th Sept. 1818. The delay incident to 
the passage of a letter from Nashville to Washington and thence to this 
place will explain the long interval between the date of your letter and this 
my acknowledgement of it. 

The more I reflect on the subject, the more am I convinced, that the 
letter of the 9th Sept. was intended by those, who took it out of my pos- 


2 This statement seems to refer to — pepent es the heirs ot David Allison (see 
ackson to James Jackson, Aug. 25, 1819, vol. II., p. 427). ; 
: 1 See bed Calhoun to Monroe, in Correspondence of J.C. Calhoun (Am. Hist. Assoc., 
Ann. Rept., 1899, vol. II.), p. 206. 


414 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


session, as the instrument of a dark and dangerous intrigue, alike hostile 
to you and myself. The first object certainly was to bring you and Mr 
Monroeinto conflict; but I feel not less confident, that its ultimate was 
to bring you and myself into the same state, and that for the special bene- 
fit of those at the bottom of the scheme. I cannot doubt, but a part of the 
plan was to follow it up with secret and slanderous representation of my 
conduct. Knowing that my whole course had been open and strongly 
marked, the contrivers of this wicked scheme clearly saw the necessity of 
keeping my name at first out of view, and to attempt in the first instance 
to direct your suspicion against Mr Monroe. With this object, the letter 
was doubtless mutilated by tearing off the cover, so as to leave it uncer- 
tain, to whom it was addressed; and to the same motive must be traced 
the unfounded intimation, that the letter was communicated to you with 
my connivance, and with the intention of guarding you against treachery 
imputed to Mr Monroe; a course of conduct, which if true, would prove 
me to be equally cowardly and base. There need no other proof of the 
dark design, at the bottom of this affair, than the fact, that while these 
insidious intimations were made to you, the whole affair was studiously 
concealed from me. I was even ignorant, that the letter was out of my 
possession; and by mere accident, I obtained the clue, which has given 
me the little that I know about it. I was thus kept in the dark, while the 
plot rested on a supposition highly injurious to my character. It presup- 
poses, that while Mr Monroe, under the garb of friendship, had formed 
an artful plan to entrap you into a correspondence, with the view of 
shifting the responsibility from himself by sacrificing you, that, I was 
to be the instrument in so base a transaction. Lost indeed would I have 
been to every sentiment of honor and virtue could such a proposition be 
made to me, without instant denunciation of its author. The mail that 
brought the letter would have returned with my resignation, and an 
eternal barrier would have been placed between us. 

Far otherwise was my construction of the object of the letter. I never 
doubted, that it originated in motives at once friendly and patriotick; 
and that its object was to place your conduct, as well as that of the Gover- 
ment on the high grounds, on which it ought to stand, by each side pre- 
senting fully and distinctly on the records of the goverment its views in 
regard to the orders, under which you acted. Aney discussion of them 
now, I agree with you, would be unnecessary. They are matters of his- 
tory, and must be left to the historian, as they stand. In fact, I never did 
suppose, that the justification of yourself or the goverment depended on 
a critical construction of them. It is sufficient for both, that they were 
honestly issued and honestly executed, without involving the question, 
whether they were executed strictly in accordance with the intention that 
they were issued. Honest and patriotick motives are all, that can be re- 
quired, and I never doubted but that they existed on both sides. I will 
write to Mr Monroe on the subject to which you refer, and should I 
receive an answer will forward it immediately. 

You will see by the papers, that the Tariff of the last session excites 
much feeling in this, and the other Southern atlantick States. The im- 
pression, as far as I have observed, is nearly universal, that the system 


July, 1828 415 


acts with great severity against the staple states, and that it is the real 
cause of their impoverishment. Under such impressions, it is not sur- 
prizing, that there should be some excess of feeling, but it would be wrong 
to infer, that it indicates a want of attachment to the Union: The long 
cherished attachment to our institutions is not so easily weakened, but 
as strong as it is, an impression of long continued wrongs would not fail 
to shake it. The beleif that those now in power will be displaced shortly; 
and that under an administration formed under your auspices, a better 
order of things will commence, in which, an equal distribution of the 
burden and benefit of goverment, economy, the payment of the publick 
debt, and finally the removal of oppressive duties, will be primary objects 
of policy is what mainly consoles this quarter of the Union under existing 
embarrassment. That your administration may be the means of restor- 
ing harmony to this distracted country and of averting the alarming crisis 
before us is my sincere prayer. 
With sincere regard your friend 


RavpH E. W. Ear To JACKSON.* 


NASHVILLE, July 17, 1828. 

D’r Sir, No doubt you have seen this man of war’s bold epistle ad- 
dressed to you in the Whig and Banner of Tuesday last.? How brave how 
pitiful, that this pretended fighting character should attack one who is 
tied hand and foot poor contemptable retch, who does he think is a going 
to wedge war against, a Poltroon and Coward. No! had he not have 
known the situation in which you was placed before the Public, and the 
impolitic measure it would be for your friends to make a fuss at this 
critical moment, he would as soon thought of runing himself into the 
fire of a furnace, as to have come out on you in the manner he has done. 
Thank God the day of retribution is close at hand when such scoundrels 
as Boyd Mc.Nairy will meet with their proper doom. I beg you will take 
the cowardly production from whence it came and treat it accordingly, 
with contempt. Hall will manage him. 

May God prelong your life and that of Mrs. Jackson’s for many years 
to come is the sincere prayers of not only myself, but millions of the 
American People. 


Mrs. RacHEL Jackson To Mrs. ExizaBeTH WATSON.” 


HERMITAGE, July 18, [1828]. 
My dear friend: It is a Long time since you wrote me a Line But hav- 
ing so favourable an oppertunity by Major Smith I cold not Deny my self 


1In the Jackson MSS. is a letter from Earl’s sister, Mary A. Higbie, of Troy, N. Y., 
dated Jan. 23, 1828, telling Earl of the recent death of his mother. 

2 Hostile letter by Dr. Boyd McNairy, president of the Nashville Bank. 

1 Collection of Mr. Henry F. De Puy, Easton, Md. The date is written “182”, but 
the context shows that it was written during the campaign of 1828. The editor is 
impelled to call attention to the fact that this letter contradicts a story in his Life of 
Jackson (II. 406) which indicates that Mrs. Jackson did not know of the use of her name 
in the campaign until after the election. This letter proves that statement, made on what 
seemed good authority, to have been erroneous. 


20 


416 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


that pleasure: for rest asured my Dear friend you are as Dear to me 
as a Sister. I am denyd maney pleasures and comforts in this Life and 
that is one and Sister Hays and her famoly your Famaly with Hers 
would have been my joy in this world but alas you ar all far from me, 
well the apostle says I C[an do all] things in Christ who strengtheneth 
me.? I can say my soule can bear testimony to the truth of that Gospel 
for who has been so cruelly tryed as I have my mind by trials hav been 
severe. the enemys of the Genls have dipt their arrows in wormwood 
and gall and sped them at me Almighty God was there ever aney thing 
to equal it My old acquentances wer as much hurt as if it was them- 
selves or Daughters. to think that thirty years had passed in happy social 
friendship with society, knowing or thinking no ill to no one—as my judg 
will know—how maney prayers have I oferd up for their repentance— 
but wo unto them of offences Come theay have Disquieted one that 
theay had no rite to do theay have offended God and man—in as much 
as you offend one of the Least of my little ones you offend me Now I 
leave them to them selves I feare them not I fear Him that can kill the 
Body and Cast the soule into Hellfire. o Eturnity awful is the name. 

this has been a subject my dear friend that I fear has pained your 
Sympathizing friendly disposition toward your friends. let not your 
Heart be troubled. I am on the rock of ages—in the world I have tribu- 
lation. jesus says in me you shall have peace, my peace I gave unto you 
not as the world gives etc. etc... .. 


To Major WILxi1AM B. LeEwis.? 


HERMITAGE, July 28, 1828. 

D’r Major, 1 have been reflecting on the subject you name, relative to 
the Burr business, and have come to the following conclusion. That a 
plain statement of the facts in reply to Judge Williams under the Editorial 
head might be proper adding thereto, Judge Stewarts, Judge O. and 
Major Dyers statement to them what kind of a man he is; that he is prone 
to lieing, and evil in his ways; this being done, it may then be proper for 
me, to take a general view, of all the slanders that have been propagated 
against me. I do think it would be improper for any notice to be taken 
of this Burr slander by the Committee, as such; it would be giving too 
much importance to this slander. I have thought it might be well to notice 
Col. Martin. I have the documents to nail him to the counter with his two 
coadjutors Erwin and McNairy, as a base calumniator. Before it goes 
to the press you shall see it. 


In haste yr. friend 
Please send my papers pr. boy 


AFFIDAVIT OF THOMAS STEPHENSON IN RE JACKSON’s MorHer. 


July 30, 1828. 
I Thomas Stephenson now residing in the county of Maury and State 


of Tennessee do hereby certify that I was born and raised in what is now 


2 Philippians, iv. 13. 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. Transcript. Original in the J. Pierpont Morgan Library. 


August, 1828 417 


called Lancaster District in the State of South Carolina, that I was ac- 
quainted with General Andrew Jackson when he was a very small boy, 
and was very well acquainted with his mother Mrs. Elizabeth Jackson, 
and without any hesitation can say that the mother of the General, sus- 
tained as fair a character for virtue and piety, as any lady that I ever 
knew. I believe she was a member of the Presbyterian church, and I have 
frequently heard the old people speak in terms of high commendation 
of her piety and worth. she was a widow when I first knew her, of not 
much property, and it was several years before the revolutionary war 
that I knew her first. she had three sisters one of whom married George 
Mcamy, and two of them Brothers of the name of Leslie, John and 
Samuel, whose characters were all good, especially the women. they all 
lived to be old before they died. I think Mrs. Jackson has been dead 
upwards of forty years. I cannot believe that any person from South 
Carolina would state any thing the least disrespectful to the family and 
mother of Genral Jackson, unless they were totally abandoned in char- 
acter and principle. Given under my hand this 30th day of July 1828. 


CERTIFICATE OF SAMUEL MAYES. 


CoLumBIA, July 31, 1828. 

Being informed that a report prejudicial to the character of Mrs. Jack- 
son, the mother of General Andrew Jackson, is secretly circulated in 
some parts of the United States to injure his election to the presidency ; 
and being requested by a friend of General Jackson to state any circum- 
stances within my knowledge which would tend to throw light on the 
subject of that report, I state as follows; That in 1785-6, as well as I 
recollect, General Jackson and myself were school fellows in York County, 
South Carolina, which was about twenty five miles from the residence of 
Mrs. Jackson. At the same time there were at school several young men 
from her immediate neighbourhood, who were intimately acquainted with 
young Jackson, being boys bread up in the society of each other. Neither 
at that time, before, or since have I ever heard, until I heard of the pres- 
ent rumour, any thing whatever in any-wise prejudicial to the fair char- 
acter and good standing of that lady. General Jacksons standing whilst 
at school was unexceptionable. My opinion is, that if the character of 
Mrs. Jackson had not been fair and good that I would have heard some 
thing about it; especially if it had been of the character stated in the 
report, of which, I have lately heard for the first time. Given under my 
hand, 


STATEMENT OF NATHANIEL STEPHENSON. 


WitutaMson Co. [TENN.], August 1, 1828. 
The Undersigned being requested to state what he knows of the char- 
acter of the parentage of Genl Jackson, particularly that of his mother, 
states that he was born and raised in the neighbourhood in which the 
mother of Genl Jackson lived for many years and died, that when Mrs. 
Jackson died he was a boy, and can recollect that she was a woman 1n 


418 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


moderate circumstances as to property, and of a standing in point of 
char[a]cter as good as any other person in that neighbourhood. He 
would further state that he lived in the same neighbourhood untill he 
was upwards of thirty years old, that he heard the character of Genl. 
Jackson’s father and mother frequently spoken of by the older persons 
in the neighbourhood, and always heard them spoken of in terms of 
approbation; He expressly says that while ever he lived in that neigh- 
bourhood he heard nothing prejudicial to the character of either Genl. 
Jackson’s father or mother. He further states that he was acquainted 
with the sisters of Mrs. Jackson, and that they all married respectable, 
clever men, the grand children of some of whom are now living in this 
county, and are all of respectable characters. 
Given Under my hand in Williamson county this 1st Aug. 1828. 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, August 4, 1828. 

My D’r Geni I have but a moment to inform you that on Saturday the 
negro boy, Nelson, from A. J. Hutchings place Alabama, came to my 
house, and is now here. He says the overseer took his gun to shoot him, 
and he come away—From the great fatality amongst my horses, I am at 
present so situated, that I have neither horses nor any person who I can 
intrust the boy with to send him out, you will please to give this infor- 
mation to the overseer, and he must come after him—I intend going out 
as soon as I can, but until all the ramifications of the base combination 
of detractors, and hired panders of H. Clay and the coalition unmask 
themselves, I cannot leave home. .. . . 


To Major WiLxitAm B. Lewis." 


HERMITAGE, August 5, 1828. 

D’r Major, Yours of yesterday was recd., read, and disposed of as 
requested. The case of the negro boy is as follows. Rawlings and Brad- 
ford had purchased a large quantity of goods from Jackson and Hutch- 
ings in 1823 and 1824.’ They has failed in their payments and in the year 
1826, in closing the account, and being unable, as Dr. Rawlings said, to 
do it in cash, he proposed to give in part a negro boy. The negro boy was 
recd. and the account with Rawlings and Bradford closed.® 

This negro boy was kept at the Clover Bottom at our store. Col. An- 
derson, as I was informed by him, Coffee, and Hutchings, for I was not 
present, had made a race with Capt. Ross for a considerable amount, 
when they were about to put up the stakes [ ? mutilated] which was to be 
in cash or negroes as I understood, Anderson was deficient in his stake. 
Capt. John Caffery having sent his negro boy to the store for some articles, 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

1 Ibid, 

2 So written. The years should be, no doubt, 1803 and 1804, and the next one 1806 
_ * An article in the Nashville Banner and Whig of Aug. 1, 1828, had brought up this 
incident in support of the charge that Jackson was a negro trader. That he took slaves 
in settlement of accounts and sold them for money is undoubtedly true. But he was never 
a negro trader in the ordinary meaning of the term. 


August, 1828 419 


Anderson took and staked up the boy on the race. Anderson lost it. 
Cafferys boy not returning home as expected, the Capt. went after him, 
found his boy and ordered him home. Capt. Ross urged Anderson to pay 
up the value of the boy or produce another, and Anderson applied for the 
boy bought of Dr. Rawlings and he was loaned to him, he was to return 
the boy or pay a stipulated price for him. Some time afterward, the sore 
on the boys leg broke out and Capt. Ross returned the boy to Anderson 
and he sold him, as I understood, to Deadrick and Pettyway, and Mr. 
Pettyway took him down the river, and perhaps sold him, but his leg 
growing worse Pettyway was obliged to take him back, brought him up 
and delivered him to Anderson, who took him to Doctor Ward instead 
of tendering him to Dr. Rawlings, where the boy died. You have a knowl- 
edge of the ballance, Anderson was largely indebted to me individually, 
and the night before I descended the river with my Volunteers in Janry. 
1813, we came to a settlement, when Anderson insisted that Jackson and 
Hutchings should permit him to bring suit in their name against Rawlings 
on the warranty of this boy, which I agreed he might do, if he would give 
in writing that he would exonerate Jackson and Hutchings from all costs. 
Anderson did so in your presence. The suit being alone for his benefit 
I cannot lay my hand on this paper, but you must recollect perfectly the 
circumstances. Anderson brought suit, and as I was advised, was lost on 
the ground that he ought to have tendered the boy to Rawlings and not 
delivered him to Ward, who swore that his death was not caused by the 
sore leg, but from desease engen[der]ed in the lower country. Anderson 
from his written obligations was to pay all costs and I had some diff- 
culty with him about the costs and had wrote a bill in chancery praying 
an injunction. he pleaded poverty but acknowledged the debt when de- 
manded [mutilated, several words missing] same money the amount not 
recollected, to pay me [word mutilated] Jake Pettyway statement in 
WIENS rs 


To CoLoNEL RoBerRT WEAKLY.* 


HERMITAGE, August 5, 1828. 

Sir, Retired as I have been upon my farm, attending to my domestic 
concerns, interfering with none, and mixing not in the politics of the day, 
or the affairs of others I was astonished to see in the Banner and Whigg 
of the Ist instant your name embodied with a vile and wicked association 
of detracters long since formed to endeavour to injure my character 
abroad, the shafts of these base calumniators falling harmless at my 
feet, it is not my intention to inquire whether in thus lending the weight 
of your name to this unholy work, you intended an injury to me. I leave 
you to explain as your name has been used by Erwin to injure me 
abroad, I wish you to be more explicit in your statements. I wish you 
to state how long you have lived near me, and whether since your first 
acquaintance you ever knew me to buy a negro with a view of selling 
him again for profit, or ever knew me engaged in any speculations in 
negroes to the lower country or to any other place. 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 


420 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


In your note appended to Erwins publication you say, “in the year 
1811 or 12 you understood that Mr. Horrace Green took a number of 
negroes to Natchez for sale, that those negroes were the property of the 
late Joseph Coleman of Nashville, Genl. Jackson and the said Horrace 
Green.” Now, I call upon you to state from whom, and at what time you 
recd. this information, as in your note you positively say you have no 
knowledge of this fact yourself. That the statement that I had any prop- 
erty in said negroes, or stood in relation to those contracts, for the cotton 
tobacco and negroes but that of security for Capt. Joseph Coleman, I do 
assert is untrue, or that I had any property in them to the 20th of Novbr., 
1811, is also untrue. on that day I had to pay the first instalment of the 
debt I stood bound for Capt. Coleman as security, and finding I would 
have to pay the whole debt, took from him a transfer of the property and 
undertook the responsibility of the whole debt for cotton tobacco and 
negroes, and forwith proceeded to the lower country, at a most danger- 
ous period, Tecumsa being then with the southern tribes, to receive the 
property out of the possession of Green, who, it was said, was squander- 
ing it, by card playing. on the 12 of Decbr. 1811 reached Natchez when 
for the first time I saw the negroes, and on the 13th recd. from Green 
the whole negroes unsold and immediately set out with them on my return 
to Nashville where I arrived in Janry. 1812. Such were the facts, as 
always related by me, and makes it necessary that you should state from 
whom, and when, you recd. the information that I had any interest in 
those negroes before the 20th of Novr. 1811. 

You further state in your note appended to Erwins publication that I 
informed you that I had gone to the lower country without a passport, 
and the [mutilated] had to pass the agency, (I suppose you mean upon 
my return, I had no negroes with me as I went down but my boy) I armed 
my negroes etc. etc. Why you did not give the reasons I assigned for so 
arming the negroes, I cannot conjecture, and I have to ask you in reply, 
to state explicitly whether my reasons were as follows. Did I not inform 
you that the sub agent Smith (Densmore not being there) had collected 
about 400 armed Indians with about sixty white men, to stop or destroy 
me, if I attempted to pass the agency without exhibitting a passport, did 
I not tell you that being a peaceable citizen travelling a road obtained from 
the Indians by treaty, for the free and unmolested use of every honest 
citizen, that the agent had, or could have no authority, to require of any 
citizen a passport for travelling that road, that the demand was an act of 
usurpation, and I could not yield my legal rights to the demands of any 
self created despot, be him, in the character of an Indian agent, or any 
other. That the free and unmolested right to travel that road was a 
vested right in every citizen, and the President of the United States could 
not divest them of this right, or no other branch of our Government, the 
treaty being the supreme law of our land, and I was determined to exer- 
cise this right, and resist and put down, at the risque of my life, this petty 
usurper, and particularly, as at this perilous period, he had armed the 
Indians to support him in these acts of tyranny upon our peaceable citi- 
zens. These were the reasons I gave you, for arming my negroes; and I 
ask you to state, did not my conduct in this meet with your, and the ap- 


August, 1828 421 


probation of all our good citizens, and did you not join in denouncing 
these acts of tyranny committed by the agent, to the great oppression of 
our citizens travelling that road, and applaud me in resisting his lawless 
acts and having him removed. I wish you to be explicit in your answer 
to this part of my inquiry. I wish you to add whether the Choctaw agent 
was not the only Indian agent that assumed the power of calling on the 
citizen for a passport, and if he had none, to-stop his servant untill he sent 
and obtained one, and was it not the general belief that the agent by this 
means had a large house built, and a plantation opened for which he 
charged the Government a large sum of mony and that many families 
were detained in the wilderness by the agent, and by such detention suf- 
fered many privations, vexations and great expence. 

You have been pleased to bring into the view of your letter a negro 
sold by you to Genl. Brahan and by him to Capt. Coleman. I call upon 
you to state whether I ever had any right or interest in said negro in my 
life, and whether you do not know of your own knowledge that this negro 
was brought up by Major Hutchings with his and mine from his farm in 
the lower country, and delivered either to you, or Capt. Coleman on our 
arrival at Nashville and that I never had any interest in said negro, John 
Onip[ ?], as you call him. I wish you to be explicit on this head, as Erwin 
has used this, to shew that this was one of the negroes I had traded in. 
Set forth what became of this negro. As your note appears to have been 
written at the request of some one, will you have the goodness to name 
who, as it has been intimated to me, that it was not at the request of 
Erwin, but another. 

I am sir, yr. mo. ob. Servt. 


To Major Wi111AM B. LeEwis.* 


HerMirTaGE, August 13, 1828. 

D’r Major, 1 find Dr. McNairy has come out at full length on the Burr 
business, and has published two letters of mine, one with, and one with- 
out date. The one in September 1806 was the time Burr came to this 
country and a dinner was given to him, the other if wrote by me, must 
have been written shortly after Col. Burr sent to me the mony for the pur- 
pose of procuring some Boats and provision. Capt. Donelson has writ- 
ten you, or Major Graham to see these letters, and inform me of the date 
of the one, and to whom these letters were written, and inform me by 
return of the boy. 

I have seen Colo. Anderson letter to the Reporter, in which he states 
that there are but three men now living who were present on the ground 
when Dicki[n]son and myself met. The Col. has stated a wilful lie in 
this, “he say Elisha Green was on the ground”, this he has been in- 
formed by Genl. Overton and myself many times that Green came upon 
the ground and was run off by Genl. Overton. The proper answer to An- 
dersons statement will be the publication of Corbon Lees statement to 
whom he has referred, or as much of it as shews the depravity of Ander- 
son, and his coadjutor, with a few comments on the sentiments contained 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 


422 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


in them compared with the first statement of May, and his statement, that 
a snap was to be a fire, adding a few comments on the high character of 
Col. Williams, and how his name has been drawn into this business. It 
is strange indeed if Col. Anderson furnished Col. Williams with copies 
of these letters. How did it happen that Col. Williams got his nephew 
Anthony May to copy and certify that they were true copies from the 
originals, in his fathers hand writing. 

The Col. has confessed his depravity. He has acknowledged that he 
has been detailing these secret slanders over Kentucky for years. It is 
well known he is a Master Mason, and a Mason who would violate his 
solemn obligation by thus secretly slandering a brother, would be guilty 
of perjury, or any other crime.’ 


2 Col. William P. Anderson was a member of Jackson’s staff before the War of 1812, 
and the two men were intimate. The cause of the break between them does not appear 
in any document that has come under the editor’s observation, except that it may be 
supposed from Jackson’s words that it was in connection with the settlement of an estate. 
In view of Jackson’s violent criticism of the colonel, it is but fair to put before the reader 
the following extract from a letter by Colonel Anderson, addressed to Jackson and pub- 
lished in the Nashville Banner and Whig Oct. 3, 1828 (quoted by Heiskell, II. 455) : 

“Tn the Nashville Republican you have attacked my character. This is your usual mode 
of warfare, when charges are preferred against you by those who do not think that you 
ought to be President of the United States. They must be laid prostrate. In this way 
you divert public attention to their case, that they may lose sight of your own. My only 
crime is, that I have been instrumental in the publication of Dr. May’s letters. So far as 
they relate to the duel between yourself and Dickinson, showing that you killed Dickin- 
son unfairly, is to me source of deep regret, I believe it to be true, that you did kill 
Dickinson unfairly, and that you yourself are conscious of it. The charge has not 
been met and refuted to my satisfaction. I was well acquainted with all the parties con- 
cerned in this duel, and do know that Dr. May was incapable of falsehood or pre- 
varication. You impliedly admit this fact when you resist the proof of your guilt by 
alleging these letters to be forgeries, though I do not believe that you have the remotest 
idea they are so. The letters are deposited in Nashville, open for the inspection of 
everybody. 

“Tt will ever be a source of bitter regret to me that these letters were published, on 
account of others. I mean the family of the late Col. Robert Hays. It was not my wish to 
have disturbed the ashes of Col. Hays. He was, in my opinion, a kind, good hearted man, 
brave, open, and generous to a fault. His widow and children are among the most 
respectable families in the State. No man ever heard me charge Col. Hays with perjury 
or say anything else derogatory to his character. Some of the charges, General, which you 
have published in the Republican of the 3d ult., and previously, as being preferred against 
me by the late Capt. James H. Campbell, are altogether untrue, some are partly true, 
but none of them, when properly understood, will detract from my character. Lieutenant 
Littleton Johnston, now resides in Tuscumbia, Alabama. He is a respectable merchant 
and can give every information necessary upon this subject. I have not even addressed 
him as yet, but his statement can doubtless be relied on, 

“At a time more propitious than the present for dispassionate and impartial reflection, 
I will publish a refutation of these charges and all others brought against me in the 
Republican of the 3d inst. 

“Ist. Your besetting sins are, ambition, and the love of money. To acquire the latter 
you will act miserly and oppress your best friends; and when in pursuit of either, you 
are not what you profess to be. 

“ad. You are naturally and constitutionally irritable, overbearing and tyrannical. 

“3d. You are incapable of expending any charity toward those who happen to differ 
with you in opinion. 

_. “4th. You cannot investigate dispassionately any interesting or important subject, and 
if you could, your knowledge and abilities are not equal to the task. 

“sth. When you become the enemy of any man, you will put him down if you can, no 
matter by what means, fair or foul, honorable or dishonorable; and if it be consistent 
with your views of popularity and interest, you will turn about and support the very 
man you have before attempted to destroy and pull down. These examples will suffice for 
the present; the Hon. Wm. H. Crawford, Gen. John Adair, and Col. Thos. H. Benton. 


“6th. You are miserably deficient in principle, and have seldom or never had power 
without abusing it.” 


August, 1828 423 


I enclose you a paper containing a statement on oath of Genl. John 
Coffee and myself when garnisheed, at the suit of Blenrhasset in the 
Natchez for the information of the Committee, please shew it to them. 

I am anxiously awaiting the communication of the Jackson Comit- 
tee, for the Lord sake if they are coming let it be spedily, as I cannot 
mo[ve?] until they decline acting, and if they do not, I must come out 
over my own signature. Let me hear from you by return of the boy. 

Yr. friend. 


(When you read burn this.) 


To FreLrx Grunpy.* 


Hermitace, August 15, 1828. 

D’r Sir: Yours from Franklin of the 14th instant has been recd. The 
letter without date which you have seen published by Dr McNairy is one 
of Date, when seen, of Novbr. 1803, unless altered by the Doctor. None 
ever was written by me, such as the one published that in truth can be 
attached to Burr or his Boats. But on the 12th of Novbr. 1803, I recd. 
an order from the War Department of date 31rst of Octbr. requesting 
me to have in readiness 22 Boats by 20th of Decbr. 1500 militia provi- 
sions etc. etc. for the defence of Louisiana. on that occassion, I wrote 
such letters and sent expresses in every direction over west Tennessee ; 
This is one of the letters with its date suppressed villanously to attach this 
transaction with Burr. 

Application was made by Cc’ W. Williams, the day after the publica- 
tion was made, to see these letters, but the Doctor refused, saying that 
they could not be seen unless their authenticity was denied. Capt. A. J. 
Donelson went to Nashville yesterday to ask a sight of them, and to 
positively declare that the one without date was a possitive forgery when 
applied to Burr but a genuine letter if it had reference to the Public Boats 
ordered to be built in the fall of 1803. “ Truth is mighty and will pre- 
vail,” against wickedness, forgery and fraud. I think the thief is caught 
at last. 

Providence has been kind to me, I had once like to have lost all my old 
papers, and at another time, Call ?] and Mrs. J. had prepared to burn 
them, as I fortunately got home, and preserved them. 

You have seen Col Anderson publication in the Lexington Reporter— 
‘he says “ apply to Corban Lee obtain his deposition, he is an honest man, 
that there is but three of the parties living who were upon the ground, 
Green, Lee and myself”. Now the Col knows Green was not on the 
ground, the full statement by Corban Lee reached me through a friend 
the other day, his statement mentions who were upon the ground, and 
contradicts Mays statement positively, says everything was conducted on 
my part fairly honorably, and refers to his former statement to Capt 
Redly, in due time the Col will be laid along side of his coworkers, branded 
with infamy and disgrace. Before the little Doctor gets out of the scrape, 
he will wish he had let the Tennessee farmer alone on his farm and not 
have disturbed him. 

I neither attempt to dot my i’s nor x my t’s, in haste yours, 


1 Collection of Judge J. M. Dickinson, Chicago. 


424 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To Major Wru1aM B. Lewts.* 


HermitTaGE, August 15, 1828. 

My D’r Sir, I have just returned from Capt. Donelsons, he is not at 
home, and I send George down with a letter to you, with two inclosed 
that I found on a search yesterday in my old papers and think they will 
be serviceable to explain Burrs expressed views, and his authority under 
the Govrt. : 

Upon mature reflection it strikes me that the letters published by 
McNairy, if written by me, must have been to James Jackson,” and the 
one without date must have been written at the time Burr forwarded the 
mony with his letter to have Boats built and a supply of pork and meal 
laid in. At that time James Jackson was hard pressed and had like to 
have broke, being friendly with him, and yielding him all the pecuniary 
aid I could at all times, it is just such a hasty scrall as I would write toa 
friend who I thought could be benefitted by such a contract by bartering 
his goods for those articles, and thereby relieve himself from his embar- 
rassment. This at the time was believed to be a fair mercantile transac- 
tion, no secret in the business and from the letter I inclose you from Burr 
believed to be in furtherence of the views of Government and as such 
ought to be viewed by the committee * in their comments upon the transac- 
tion and which will be supported by Genl. Coffees affidavit in the Blana- 
hasset sent you the other day. These Boats were built and the letter writ- 
ten when there were not the least suspicion around Burr and when from 
his letter he was supposed to be in the confidence of the Government. 
But the moment that suspicion arose that his views were hostile to the 
Government, and he had been acting deceptiously with his friends, what 
was my conduct, and that of all his friends here Genl. Robertson, Overton 
etc. etc. etc. Our countenance was withdrawn, and when I recd. the first 
intelligence from Mr. Hopkins of his intention against our Government, 
I wrote to Claibourne, Jefferson, Campbell and Smith. Here is ample 
means to meet this secret attempt to assasinate my character, and from a 
man that owes every thing to me. This letter from Burr was shewn to 
every person that desired it. If I am right in my conjectures of it being 
written to J. Jackson, what a villain he is, but I am at his defence, he 
knows the moment I recd. the information that Burr was engaged in a 
plan not sanctioned by the Government I at once would have nothing to 
do with him. If the letters are not to James Jackson I have no idea to 
whom else, unless Mr. John Shute who was in that day a Boat builder. 

If my friend Eaton is with you I will ride down tomorrow to see him, 
advise me. 

Yr. friend 


P. 5S. I had been employed by the Govnt. in 1804 Boats for them, and 
when I recd. Col. Burrs letter and mony I did believe, from his letter I 


a ae. a fee at MSS. 
When called on to tell to whom these letters of Jackson were addressed i i 
replied that the letters could be inspected but that Ae covers or the names nraetiies renee 
addressed would not be revealed unless the genuineness of the handwriting was ques- 
tioned; see A, J. Donelson to Dr. Boyd McNairy, Aug. 16, 1828, and Dr. Boyd McNairy 
to A. J. Donelson, Aug. 19, 1828, in the Donelson Papers, Library of Congress 

3 The Jackson committee in Nashville. ‘Saee 


August, 1828 425 


inclose you, that the Government had instructed him to apply to me to 
have them built. I inclose you a roster of the Boats built for the United 
States and sold by their directions in Febry. 1804 and to whom sold. I 
have just laid my hand on this paper and open this letter to inclose it. 


To Major Wi.tiaM B. Lewis." 


HERMITAGE, August 16, 1828. 

D’r Major, The inclosed copy of a letter of Mr. Francis Woodward 
formerly of the United States army will give a true character of Col. 
Anderson and shew what credit is due to his statement of Dr. Mays letters 
being genuine; it will not do to take his evidence in the case, he is too 
deeply interested, and he who, would have a man to commit forgery to 
exonerate himself from a Just debt would commit forgery for vengeance 
sake. My opinion is therefore strengthened that Anderson has forged 
these letters. Can it be that May would be so base as to endeavour to de- 
stroy unjustly the character of Col. Hays and his family with it, with 
whom he had always been on friendly terms and the inost intimate habits 
of friendship with the Col. Hays and family during his life and appar- 
ently with myself. These letters appear to be written for the use of Genl. 
Adair in his dispute with me, but was never used, nor did I ever hear of 
them until I recd. a letter from Knoxville, said to be written by the sug- 
gestion of Judge White in 1827. If I had heard of them before brought 
before the nation as President, Anderson would not have been in this 
world or I would have been in my grave. 

I wish you to shew Woodwards letter to Judge Overton, if he wants a 
copy, let him have one. The letter is addressed to Col. Harmon Hays and 
in the possession of Mr. Saml. Hays. 

Will the Committee take this subject into view? Or will it be managed 
by Hall? Inform me. 

The statement of all present including May have certified to the fair- 
ness of the whole of this business on my part, Lee shews Green was not 
on the ground as Anderson has stated. Anderson knew when he was mak- 
ing the statement it was false, for I have heard Genl. Overton and May 
both tell Anderson how Genl. Overton run Green off the ground. Green 
and several other Bullies came up with Dicki[{n]son, and at once they 
were dismissed. It was this same Green that Brought the intelligence to 
Nashville, that Dicki[n]sons pistol had went off by accident, and the ball 
struck the earth half way between him and me, and thus it was believed, 
and so would Green have sworn, altho not present, had it not have been 
for the wound on my breast; when Green reached Nashville the Federal 
court was sitting, Green stepped upon the bench gave the intelligence to 
the Judge and altho in the middle of a cause instantly adjourned, and 
Dr. Boyd and him were the first signers of the application to put the 
paper in mourning. 

The Col. has in his address introduced the letter of May to prove that 
I secretted Hays property and that Hays committed perjury by taking 
the oath of insolvency. a baser lie than this never was told and I have 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 


426 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


the documents to prove it. I bought in the property with my own mony 
subject to a mortgage and the debt due Cafferry| Fy} *for, the land bot. of 
him, and the negroes I bought with my own mony which I have never 
received one cent, part of which I borrowed from the store say $750. 

Let me hear from you. I hope Eaton has arrived in good health, I 
would be glad to see him. ; 

I forgot yesterday to propose a bottle that Berry was elected.’ I pro- 
pose it now, will you take me. 

Yours sincerely 


P. S. I hope the documents sent you yesterday was satisfactory. I ex- 
pect McNairy may have altered the date, if it bears any other date but 
Novr. 1803 it is a forgery. Why does the rascal withold it from view; 
he must have altered the date and the chemical operation has not been well 
performed, he fears detection, or it bears its proper date Novr. 1803. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL RICHARD K. CAtt.? 


HERMITAGE, August 16, 1828. 

My dear Call, On last evening I recd. yours by Major Clements, and 
am happy to hear that your Mary and the sweet little ones are in good 
health. I am happy the address of the central committee at the city of 
Washington has reached you; taking this into view with Kendals fifth 
letter to Clay, and it is conclusive of the Bargain. 

The whole object of the coalition is to calumniate me, cart loads of 
coffin hand-bills, forgeries, and pamphlets of the most base calumnies are 
circulated by the franking privelege of Members of Congress, and Mr. 
Clay, even, Mrs. J. is not spared, and my pious Mother, nearly fifty years 
in the tomb, and who, from her cradle to her death, had not a speck upon 
her character, has been dragged forth by Hammond and held to public 
scorn as a prostitute who intermarried with a Negro, and my eldest 
brother sold as a slave in Carolina. This Hammond does not publish in 
his vile press, but keeps the statement purporting to be sworn to, a forgery, 
and spreads it secretly. I am branded with every crime, and Doctor 
Mc.Nary, Col. Erwin, Anderson and Williams are associated for this 
purpose. I have for some days known that they were the issuers of old 
slanders that appeared abroad, but it is only lately that they have been 
unearthed, and was not my hands tied, and my mouth closed, I would 
soon put an end to their slanders. This they know, but suppose when the 
elections over all things will die away—Not So, I look forward to the 
first of Decb. next with much anxiety. The day of retribution must come. 
I am charged with Burr’s Conspiracy and every other crime. Was An- 
derson and Mc.Nary as clear of purjury as Master Masons, as I was of 
the Burr Conspiracy, it would be a pleasant thing for their conscience. 

I believe you were at the chicasaw treaty.” If so, I wish your attention 
to a publication of Thomas Shelby son of the Governor Shelby and 


2 William T. Barry, a Jackson man, was a candidate for election as go 
: vern £ 
tucky, but was defeated. See p. 156, ante. ee 


1'Va. Hist. Soc., Manuscripts and Autographs, pkg. rsr. 
2 Of Oct. 19, 1818; see vol. II., pp. 387, Hed re to, 


August, 1828 427 


Mr. Todd * soninlaw to this Gov. These men detail a conversation of 
their father, and Thomas Shelby speaks of things to which he was a 
witness. Surely when you see it you will be of opinion that Gov. Shelby 
could never have stated such things, if he did, he has stated a positive and 
wilful falshood. These statements were made on the eve of the Kentucky 
elections at the instance of Clay who is there, and for political effect. 
every virtuous and patriotic act of my life is charged upon me as a crime, 
and if the whole weight of Executive patronage, with the contingent 
funds wielded in the most corrupt manner by so many pandors does not 
prostrate me, then | have right to exclaim “truth is mighty and has 
prevailed ”’. 

I have enclosed a newspaper to Col. Butler with some strictures on 
Thomas Shelby[’s] falshoods supported by the facts subscribed to as true, 
by Governor Shelby, on the Senate Journals; and you will have seen 
Major Lewis letter published in the Nashville Republican on this subject. 
I wish you and Butler to look at it, and send me such a statement as the 
truth will warrant. My philosophy is almost worn out, but all my enemies 
expect is, to urge me to some rash action, this the[y] cannot do until the 
election is over, if my hands are not tied by the event there will be a 
final settlement... . . 


To Major WIL.1AM B. LEwis.* 


HERMITAGE, August I9, 1828. 

D’r Major, Some notice ought to be taken of McNairys publication in 
this days Republican, to convey to the public that it will meet with a full 
reply. The coalition have “ bearded the lion in his den”, and the public 
will expect him to act promptly. 

I have said to you, and now reiterate, that the letter published and 
without date by Dr. McNairy must refer to the public Boats built in fall 
1803, and when applied to Burrs Boats is a forgery. My letter speaks of 
a draft on N. Orleans or bank bills. Arrangements were made with Dead- 
erik to furnish the mony here, and take the draft on Govt. as cash was 
needed here, Boat yards to be established workmen to be hired, and pro- 
visions to be furnished for them, therefore agreed to advance $3000. 
Now it is impossible that it could have related to Burrs Boats, or why 
say “ drafts upon New Orleans ”, when Burr had sent the Ky. bank bills 
and they were lodged with Coffee and Hutchings in the store who was to 
conduct the business as a mercantile transaction for profit. I never wrote 
or spoke to any one on the subject of engaging them to build Boats for 
Burr in my life, again, it appears by the published letter that I was con- 
fined to the sum of $3000, therefore it could not relate to Burrs Boats and 
provisions because, Burr had deposited a larger sum than that, and a 
sufficient sum to cover the Boats and provisions ordered to be furnished, 
therefore drafts on Orleans were or could not have been necessary, which 
makes me positive that it could not relate to Burrs Boats if I was not well 
convinced from other reasons that I took no agency in the building of 
Burrs Boats whatever. 


3 Charles S. Todd of Kentucky. 
1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 


428 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


The great misfortune has been that the calumnies has always had two 
or three weeks the start of their refutation, and if the Committee are not 
ready to come out (if they do intend) the greater necessity that some 
notice should be taken of it in to days Republican. If the Committee have 
declined, then some notice should be taken of it until I can come out 
myself, which I will be compelled to do, altho from the stand I have 
taken, there will be great delicacy, and it is a very doubtful question, 
whether I ought until after the election is over. Should then the Com- 
mittee have declined, let the order of the Sec. of War be published and let 
it be accompanied, with the refusal of McNairy to shew the letter only 
in a mutilated state, or to permit it to be known to whom written, and 
then pronounce it a forgery when it is made to relate to any other subject 
than the Boats built in the fall of 1803. This will give time for me to 
make an address to the public, but the Committee under all circumstances 
ought to say something on the subject first. 

There is only now a few weeks before the election will be over, and 
this is why the Burr business is seized on, every other thing having failed. 
I would like to hear from you shortly. I would have come down but you 
said you would send for me if you wanted me. 

Your friend 


Joun H. Eaton To JACKSON. 


FAIRFIELD, TENN., August 21, 1828. 

. .. . Tam aware, that no man in this Country, living or dead has 
been abused to the extent you have; but I rejoice, that your firmness has 
borne you up, to leave all things in the hands of your frends, apart from 
any exercised feeling of your own. As for those allegations so repeatedly 
made, which are to be classed under the head of private slanders, they 
but fall still born from the press, and are unworthy to produce to you the 
slightest feeling: indeed I think it would be well, to adopt Jno Randolph 
plan, who says he never will accomodate his enemies so far, as to honor 
them with any perusal of their abuse of him. As to general matters, which 
affect your public history, such as the Burr affair, those are different, 
because to read such as them, is to enable your frends the better to under- 
stand and to meet them. All the other private whispers and slanders, 
should like Othello’s physic be thrown to the dogs 

Respecting the Burr affair, altho it is doing, and will do no harm, yet 
the Nashville Committee, should take it up, and meet it. Maj. Lewis 
speaks of your doing it. For my own part, just now, I should prefer the 
Committee to do it, with just the facts and documents presented, and no 
more of argument than may be necessary to their explanation. If any 
thing shall proceed from your pen, it might be better to follow after the 
report of the Committee; it might thus serve a better purpose, and some- 
thing of delicacy as it regards your own feelings, be thereby the better 
preserved. It would seem well before the nation for you, to stand forth, 
with accompanied affidavits and certificates to prove yourself guiltless 
of the charge. This if you take it up, would of necessity have to be the 
case; but by the Committee going ahead, and submitting all the proofs 


August, 1828 429 


and facts, directly after, if thought advisable, your remarks might then be 
made general, and merely in reference to the published facts, without 
particularising, as in the first place would be necessary. 

As it regards effect, believe me, nothing now to be said of you, (you 
and your frends keeping cool and aloof) can be productive of the least 
in jury. Public opinion is too well confirmed. The Press has overturned 
its own power, through, repeated falshood and slander. The people at 
large, read the news papers now, scarcely any, and each party with no 
confidence, in what the other asserts. There will be no changes, at least 
amongst your frends; abuse of you, tends but the stronger to confirm 
them; and besides all practice and experience shows, that men do not 
change from a stronger to a weaker side. The people, your frends should, 
make this plain common sense answer, to the abuses of you, “if these 
things be true why is it, that Jackson stands so well at home. Those 
slanders do no injury to you I assure you. My kind regard to mrs Jack- 
son. yrs truly 


STATEMENT BY BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


: NASHVILLE, August 28, 1828. 

By request of the Nashville Committee, I do hereby state, that Col. 
Burr, when in Tennessee in 1805 and 6, represented his views to be the 
settlement of lands to the south, on the Washita river. He spoke of the 
probability of a rupture between the United States and Spain, in which 
event, the impression was, that he (Col. Burr) would have command of 
an expedition against Mexico, under and by the authority of the United 
States. Sometime after he had been in Tennessee in 1805, and left this 
impression, letters were received from him, as my impressions now are, 
by Generals Jackson and Robertson, requesting them to make out and 
forward to him a list of such enterprising young men, as it was believed 
would serve the country well in the impending anticipated contest with 
Spain. Generals Robertson and Jackson, with sundry others of the old 
respectable citizens, did, for that purpose meet in Nashville, and made 
out such list and as I supposed sent it to him. 

Col. Burr’s then standing in the western country (having lately filled 
the second office in the government) forbade the idea that his contem- 
plated measures were apart from the knowledge anc approbation of the 
government. On his arrival here, and for some time ‘ter, marked atten- 
tions were by all extended to him; and no suspicic 3 were entertained, 
that his plans and views were at all different, from what they were repre- 
sented by himself. 

With a view to the building of some boats, and procuring some provi- 
sions, there had been remitted to General Jackson the sum of three thou- 
sand and five dollars, which was placed in my hands, with a desire ex- 
pressed that I would attend to the request made by Col. Burr. This 
agency I accepted and performed, and made arrangements for purchas- 
ing some provisions, and the building by different persons of five flat 
boats, and the purchace of one keel boat. Subsequently, a further sum of 
five hundred dollars, was put into my hands. 


1U. S. Telegraph, Extra, Oct, 11, 1828. 


430 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Part of the funds, to wit, seven hundred dollars, as appears by refer- 
ence to the memorandums of expenditure, was paid over to Col. Wil- 
liam P; Anderson; wherefore, and for what account, this advance to 
Col. Anderson was made, I have not now a sufficient recollection to speak 
with certainty. Suspicions having subsequently arisen, relative to the 
real objects and views of Col. Burr, my agency in his affairs ceased, 
except to discharge the contracts that had previously been entered into. 
The balance of the remaining funds in my hands was paid over to Col. 
Burr on his arrival in Tennessee on the last visit he made here, in the 
month of December 1806. I was at that time engaged in mercantile busi- 
ness, and these services were performed by me for Col. Burr, as they 
would have been rendered to any respectable man, for I, nor any one 
else that came to my knowledge, believed that he had objects to serve, 
other than were represented by himself. 

The particulars here detailed, are founded on papers now in my pos- 
session, written at the time, and in my own handwriting. In the month 
of December, 1806, Col. Burr returned to Tennessee, where he was met 
cooly by those who before had acted differently towards him. He per- 
ceived it, and remarked it to me; my reply to him in substance was, that 
suspicions rested against him, and until they were removed, nothing dif- 
ferent was to be expected. 

At Clover Bottom, nine miles from Nashville, where I then did busi- 
ness, and which was the nearest point on the river to where his boats were, 
there was a tavern, and to this place Col. Burr came and remained about 
a week, until he had gotten everything in readiness for his departure 
down the river. On his first arrival in Tennessee, on his last visit in 
December, General Jackson was absent from home; having returned 
within a few days afterwards, the General came in company with General 
Overton, to the Clover Bottom, where Col. Burr resided. An interview 
took place between them and Col. Burr, at which they informed him of 
the suspicions and distrust, that were entertained against him. Burr re- 
pelled them, and expressed deep regret that there should be any such, and 
remarked that he could, and would be able to satisfy every dispassionate 
mind, that his views and objects were friendly to the Government, and 
such as he had represented them to be. In a few days after, he left the 
country. 

A son of Col. Hays, about seventeen years of age, as has been repre- 
sented, nephew to Mrs Jackson, went along. His father had become re- 
duced in circumstances ; had been personally known to Col. Burr, during 
the Revolution, and his son a young man of promise. it had been pro- 
posed to the old gentleman, that he should take him and aid him in his 
education, which was consented to by his father. General Jackson gave 
him letters to Governor Claiborne, and instructed young Mr Hays, as I 
understood at the time, that should he discover Col. Burr’s views to be 
at all inimical to the United States, or adverse to the designs of Govern- 
ment, to leave him and place himself under the protection of Governor 
Claiborne. 

Between General Jackson and myself, there has always existed confi- 
dence and friendship; and there was nothing ever perceived in him by 


September, 1828 431 


me, that could induce the belief that there was any man in the country 
who would go further, or make greater sacrifices, to defend and main- 
tain the integrity of the Union; on all occasions his conduct and decla- 
rations have stamped upon my mind this conviction. 


To RicHarp M. JoHNnson.* 


HERMITAGE, September, 1828. 

My Dear sir, I have received your kind letter of the 22d ult. and 
hasten to reply to it. 

The result of your elections has been as favourable to the cause of the 
people as could have been expected, when the active and conspicuous part 
Mr Barry had taken in your relief and new Court system is taken into 
view. Breathets election * was a surer test of the wish of the people on the 
great national question which was agitated, and the number in your legis- 
lature opposed to the administration, shews that the majority of the 
people are dicidedly against it. 

Had you my Dr. sir reflected that I am not a candidate for the Presi- 
dency by my own volition, but by the selection of the people, you would 
not for a moment entertain the idea, that it would be proper for me now 
to adopt the electioneering course pursued by our travelling cabinet. I 
have long since announced my principles to the nation and in pursuance 
of them have been silent amidst the violent torrents of the vilest calumny 
ever heaped upon man, leaving to the virtue of the people my Justifica- 
tion. Being thus brought out by the people, it is for them without any 
agency of mine to sustain me, for I will not abandon principle to secure 
to myself the highest Boon. 

When we see a travelling cabinet ranging over the continent, wielding 
its patronage for the purpose of corrupting the elective franchise and 
thereby inflicting a wound on our national character not easily to be 
washed out, it behoves me at least, to shew by my acts that the profes- 
sions I have made were based upon principle, and that I will not depart 
from them My enemies would delight to see me now entering upon an 
electioneering tour, it would realise the saying ascribed to Mr Adams, 
“ that he would turn democrat and urge them into such extravagance that 
the whole people would become disgusted with our goverment, and cry 
out for a change”. The people having taken me up must determine the 
canvass themselves, without any agency of mine. If they succeed, then 
it can with truth be said, that virtue has triumphed over the corrupting 
influence of executive patronage and designing Demagogues. The people 
must themselves Triumph—a great principle is at stake, and if they do, 
then it can be said all power flows from them, and when their agents 

violate their declared will, they will be hurld from their confidence. Then 

will our Republican form of goverment endure forever, but if the dic- 
tation of designing demagogues be acknowledged, freedom and inde- 
pendence are gone. I do not despair of the republic. 

I salute thee affectionately, and tender to you my best wishes, yrs 


1A letter from Jackson to Col. William L. Newton, Sept. 8, 1828, is very similar to 
this letter in thought and form of expression. Perhaps this letter was written about the 


same time. 
2 John Breathitt, elected lieutenant governor of Kentucky, though Barry was defeated. 


30 


432 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


STATEMENT BY EDWARD WARD.* 


NASHVILLE, September 2, 1828. 

At the request of the Chairman of the Nashville Committee, I make 
the following statement. That General Thomas Overton, deceased, in- 
formed within a few days after the occurence, that so soon as the rumor 
reached this country, that Col. Aaron Burr had treasonable designs 
against our goverment, he, General Overton, and General A. Jackson 
waited on Col. Burr, who was then I think at Clover Bottom, and in- 
formed him of the rumor, and required of him to state to them what 
were his views and designs. This answer was made, as he said, on the 
honor of a gentleman; “ That he had no views inimical to the Govern- 
ment, none but what were known to the Government and viewed with 
complaisance”’. And as well as my memory serves me, shewed them a 
commission in blank, with Mr Jefferson’s signature to it. 


Rosert Y. HAYNE TO JACKSON. 
Confidential 
CHARLESTON, S. C., September 3, 1828. 

My Dear Sir. Knowing the numerous demands made on your time and 
attention, I have avoided writing to you of late for fear that I might give 
you the additional trouble of answering my letters. I beg however that 
you will not put yourself to the inconvenience of doing so now, as my 
only object in writing at this time is to keep you well advised of the 
actual state of things in this quarter of the union. Though you must 
have seen too much of the misrepresentations and falsehoods of the ad- 
ministration presses to put any reliance on their statements, concerning 
the alledged “ treasonable designs of the Southern States ’’, yet it may be 
proper to put you in possession of the real state of public feeling here on 
the great questions which now agitate the public mind. You know full 
well that prior to the year 1824, the Southern States were unanimous in 
opposition to a Tariff framed with a view to the advancement of manu- 
factures; you must yourself recollect the Memorials and Protests which 
were submitted to Congress during that year against the further prose- 
cution of a system which we believed to be fraught with great injustice 
if not with ruin to the Cotton growing States; and I am sure you cannot 
have forgotten the strenuous exertions made by myself and others to stem 
the torrent which we believed, was hurrying the Country to inevitable de- 
struction. Though it was my misfortune on that occasion to find myself 
opposed to the course, which you felt it to be, your duty to pursue, yet I 
assure you that this difference of opinion has not shaken in the smallest 
degree the confidence and attachment I have always cherished towards 
you; and that in these sentiments the people of South Carolina cordially 
unite. We have believed that while you are favorable to the protection 
of all the great interests of the Country, you are not disposed to advance 
any one of them at the expence of the rest, and, that though you are 
desirous of securing the manufacture in the country of all the articles 
deemed essential to national defence, yet you would not be willing to 


1U. S. Telegraph, Extra, Oct. 11, 1828. On Edward Ward, see p. II7, note. 


September, 1828 433 


adopt the prohibitory policy, nor to push the system of protection beyond 
the point of creating a fair competition between foreign and domestic 
goods; but above all we feel assured that you would never consent to 
make this a mere party question, by connecting it with the Presidential 
election, thus introducing into the Country a system of mercenary politics, 
and buying up the people with their own money; as the present adminis- 
tration have done and are still doing. Although therefore the people of 
South Carolina have most deeply regretted that your views, do not accord 
with their own on the constitutionality and expediency of the protecting 
policy yet they have all times felt the most unshaken confidence in your 
patriotism, justice, and moderation, and have yielded, and will continue 
to yield you, the most cordial support for the first office in the gift of the 
people. As it was the policy of the Admn. to buy up the whole class of the 
manufactures by agreeing to make their claims (without any regard to 
their justice) an administration question, it became no less the interest 
than the duty of the Southern States, to oppose to the uttermost so nefari- 
ous a scheme, by which votes were to be bought up for Mr. Adams by 
money to be drawn indirectly from the pockets of the Southern people. 
The real question was not, what protection, did the manufactures actually 
need, but how much was necessary to secure their votes for Mr. Adams, 
and this, was, if possible, to be effected without imposing any burthens 
on New England. Against a scheme so iniquitous the whole South was 
found to be opposed almost as one man, and I am happy to add that most 
of your friends in the other States (though favorable to the Tariff sys- 
tem,) united with the South in the attempt to resist the consummation 
of this plot of Mr. Clay’s. I am sorry to be compelled to add however 
that some of your friends by acting with less firmness than the crisis de- 
manded, enabled the administration to gain a triumph, when the victory 
was entirely in our own hands. A persevering refusal to make any of the 
modifications to the Bill which were designed for the exclusive benefit 
of the East, at the expence of the West and the South (and without effect- 
ing which it is certain the New England Members would have generally 
voted against the Bill,) deprived us of the advantage of exposing to the 
world the hollow pretensions of those who under the pretext of support- 
ing American Industry, were merely driving a bargain for their own per- 
sonal advantage. The Bill in the shape in which it became a Law must 
operate most injuriously on the Southern States, and has certainly ex- 
cited a deep and pervading feeling of dissatisfaction in this quarter of 
the union. I doubt not that 19/2oths of the people of this State, and of 
Georgia and a large majority of the people of all the Southern States, 
entertain a settled conviction that a perseverence in this system, on the 
principles acted on for the last five years, constantly encreasing the duties 
on every article up to prohibition, involves the eventual destruction of 
this quarter of the Country, and must sooner or later destroy the union 
itself. That South Carolina, cannot manufacture for market, is certain; 
that a home market for one third part of our Cotton cannot be created for 
half a century to come is equally clear; and that it must be the inevitable 
effect of a system of constantly increasing duties to destroy the foreign 
market seems to admit of no doubt. Entertaining this opinion, and hav- 


434 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


ing urged them, with great zeal and earnestness, though without effect, 
during the last session of Congress, it was certainly not to have been ex- 
pected that the people of the South would sit down quietly under the 
operation of a law universally believed by them, to be unconstitutional 
in its spirit and intent, and known to have had its origin, in the same 
spirit of “management and intrigue”, by which Messrs. Adams and 
Clay came into power. Indeed Mr Clay in his Pittsburgh speech acknowl- 
edged that there was actually a bargain between Mr. Adams and himself 
on this subject. The public meetings which have taken place, in South 
Carolina, have been the spontaneous expression of the popular indigna- 
tion against a system of which they believe they have been made the vic- 
tims. It is not true that there is any desire on the part of any portion of 
our citizens to dissolve the union; nor has the Tariff excitement any thing 
to do with the Presidential election. There does indeed exist a very gen- 
eral impression that the present Administration have endeavoured to use 
the Tariff as a Hobby on which to ride into power; that Mr. Adams 
(who is known to have been opposed to the system in 1824) has changed 
his views from personal considerations, and that the south can have 
no hope of ever obtaining justice from those who act on such principles. 
The partizans of the Administration amongst us, (who are numerous 
enough in our Cities and Towns to make a great noise, though they hardly 
exist out of them)—taking their tone from the Washington Journal and 
Intelligencer, are endeavouring to advance the election of Mr. Adams, by 
representing the Tariff excitement here, “as a political movement of the 
Jackson party, having for its object a seperation of the States”. The 
Editors of the Intelligencer with their characteristic cunning and want 
of principle, have got up a story which they know to be false of consul- 
tations among the Jackson members of Congress during the last session 
concerning a dissolution of the Union, and to give color to the fabrica- 
tion have been circulating pretended conversations and declarations of 
several distinguished leaders of our party. How far success may attend 
these infamous efforts of the vile panders of the men in power, I cannot 
say; but I can positively declare, that as far as I know or believe there 
does not exist a shadow of foundation for any one of the stories indus- 
triously circulated on the subject. There is no party here who desire a 
dissolution of the union. The people are generally greatly excited on the 
subject of the Tariff, but this has nothing whatever to do with the Presi- 
dential election. You are supported by the great body of the people not 
on account of your opinions on the Tariff, (which are known to be op- 
posed to their own,) but because they have entire confidence in your 
wisdom, and integrity ; and it is believed that the men now in power have 
obtained, and are endeavouring to retain their places by “ bargain man- 
agement and intrigue”, and in direct violation of the will of the people. 
Should Mr Adams be re-elected and should his administration continue 
to act on the policy of wholly disregarding the feelings and interests of 
the Southern States; should they push the manufacturing system, to the 
point of annihilating our foreign commerce, and above all, should they 
meddle with our Slave institutions, I would not be answerable for the 
consequences. I think our Legislature will probably take strong ground 


September, 1828 435 


on these subjects, but I have no apprehension of their going, at this time 
beyond a formal manifesto setting forth the injuries of the South, and 
giving a solemn warning against the consequences of a continued disre- 
gard of our rights and interests. Should you be elected, as there is every 
reason to believe, we shall look to you as a Paciricator. The difficul- 
ties which the present administration have created, will be met by you on 
coming into office, and yours will be the glory worthy of a civic wreath, 
(and sufficient of itself to carry down your name with blessings to pos- 
terity) of peaceably removing them. Possessing as you do the confidence 
and attachment of the Southern people, and feeling as we know you will, 
a sincere desire, to do justice to all parties, we fondly indulge the hope 
that the various portions of the union will once more be bound together 
in the bonds of friendship and affection. If it shall be in my power to con- 
tribute in any way to this desirable result I shall consider it, the happiest 
incident of my life. I will confess that though I feel as strongly as any 
man the injustice of which the South has been made the victim, and 
have no doubt of the unconstitutional character of the late Tariff Bill, 
yet I have regretted some of the proceedings which have taken place in 
our State; not so much on account of their tone (for though greater mod- 
eration would certainly have been desirable, yet we know that men acting 
under an honest excitement never weigh their words;) but chiefly, be- 
cause, I could have desired that nothing had been done, that could be 
used against us in the great Presidential contest. Could J have regulated 
these matters, not a single meeting should have been held until October 
But it was in vain to attempt to repress the excitement which pervades 
the State on the subject of the Tariff; an excitement, “ not got up by our 
leading men”, (as has been falsely charged,) but by which they them- 
selves have been hurried away. 

Such my dear Sir, is the true state of things in this part of the coun- 
try. Tennessee is not safer in the Presidential contest than South Caro- 
lina, and I have no doubt that Georgia, Virginia, Alabama, and Missis- 
sippi are equally immoveable. Let not our good friends in Tennessee, 
lend a ready ear, or give any countenance to the Administrations slanders 
which are daily poured out upon our devoted heads. In this respect we 
are only sharing your own fate; the fate indeed of all, who have dared 
to stand up for the rights and liberties of the people and the Constitution 
in its purity. I shall trouble you no further at this time, I particularly de- 
sire that you will not suppose that it is my object to draw an answer from 
you on any of the topics, on which I have touched. On the contrary I beg 
that this Letter may remain among your private papers, unanswered, as 
my only object in writing it, has been to give you information which I 
suppose may be acceptable, and perhaps useful. ; 

I have to request that Mrs. H. and myself may be particularly remem- 
bered to Mrs. J. My little boys (who still retain a lively recollection of 
your kindness) join with their mother in sending their kind regards to 
you. My Brother and his family are well, though in consequence of the 
prevalence of the yellow fever, he has been compelled, (for the safety of 
his daughter who is a stranger )* to take refuge on Sullivan’s Island. 


1In regions where yellow fever prevailed, the notion was long current that natives 
were immune. 


436 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


Believe me to be, with the highest respect and esteem yours very 
sincerely. 


CoLonEL ARTHUR P. HAYNE TO JACKSON. 


Fort Mouttri£, SULLIVAN’S ISLAND, September 20, 1828. 

_. .. There is unfortunately a good deal of excitement in our State, 
and at the South generally, on the subject of the late Tariff. It is my 
most earnest wish, that for the present, you would neither write or express 
any positive opinion upon this subject, for any opinion or expression, 
much less letter of yours would be seized upon to produce a schism among 
your friends. So soon as the proper period arrives, so soon as the true 
sentiments of Carolina are known, on this subject, I will place in your 
possession, all the Data, necessary to enable you, to understand every 
thing; and then, ere long, I trust, you will in your Official Capacity, be 
called upon to place your opinions and views, before the people of our 
beloved and common Country. In the mean time, I can only say you 
stand, and maintain yourself among us like the “ Rock of Ages”. South- 
Carolina, one and all is for Jackson and the Union. So anxious do I feel 
on the subject of the Tariff, that if my family were in Charleston, (where 
the Strangers Fever at present is. and on account of our Daughter, who 
is perfect Stranger, we have been induced to repair to this place, were it 
not for this circumstance,) I should be tempted to ride to see you at the 
Hermitage, for a few days; giving myself time enough to be present at 
Columbia our seat of Government, during the meeting of our Legisla- 
ture, which will take place about the 20th of Novr. The great Question, 
with us, Is, What is to be done? and I would fairly, directly, and Confi- 
dentially put that Question to you. Sound judgment, and great delicacy 
would be required, in the management of such an Affair. The object, of 
such a scheme, wd. be public good. I would present myself at Columbia 
early in the Session—it would be known, that I was just from under the 
Roof of Genl. Jackson, and without even mentioning his name, your 
opimons and wews through me, wd. be known, and would necessarily 
produce a powerful effect. Genl. Pinckney, who is my next Door neigh- 
bour thinks it wd. have a good effect, could this plan be executed. The 
Genl. takes a deep interest in your election 


i ee ee 


Hucu L. Waite To Jackson. 


“At Home”, October 4, 1828. 

My Dear Sir, On monday last I reached home, after a four weeks ab- 
sence to the Harrodsburg Springs, in company with my son, who I thought 
too weak to be alone. He, it is feared, has but a slender chance to rees- 
tablish his health. 

I have abstained writing you often since my return from Washing- 
ton* for many reasons, but chiefly, because I confidently expected until 
lately to see, and spend some time with, you during the summer or fall. 
That expectation is now abandoned. The approaching Courts in Knox- 


1 White was senator, until 1833. 


October, 1828 437 


ville will occupy the interval between this and setting out for the City. 
My news from all quarters teaches me to look with much confidence to a 
successful result in the pending election. Yet the enemy are so untiring 
in their efforts, so full of invention and so destitute of every thing like 
moral restraint that if your friends relax there is no telling what changes 
may take place. 

In Kentucky I saw many friends, they say they fought the battle of the 
23rd Dec. in August, and will do their duty on the 8th of January, which 
is to be in Nov. They count with much certainty on a decided Victory. 
Tis said Judge McNairy has taken the water and passed off in the Gulph 
Stream. I hope it is not so: but if it should be we must do without him. 
‘Tis a pity he had not taken his appropriate place at first. His impor- 
tance has been increased by putting him on Our Committee. Every thing 
is kept pretty snug here. In this county we have at least five to one and 
in the District I think ten to one at least. 

Pardon the suggestions which follow, they are intended as mere hints 
for your own mind to operate upon. Ought you not at your leisure mo- 
ments to be reducing to writing your thoughts upon the Cardinal points 
of your Administration supposing you elected? Fix in your mind those 
who would form your Cabinet. If elected immediately make known to 
them what would be your policy and know whether they could give it 
their cordial support. I am of opinion you could expect no benefit from 
any man whose judgt. would-not approve your policy. Some plan of this 
sort digested in due time, by yourself, and kept to yourself, would enable 
you to select a suitable cabinet of proper materials, and would put it in 
your power in due season to spread your political views before the nation, 
in such manner as to have the best effect, and without having put you in 
haste on any subject. 

Should you be elected I feel deep solicitude that the government should 
in all respects be administered upon principles which the present and 
future ages will approve, and upon such principles as will secure the 
blessings of Civil liberty to the Sovreign people themselves. This solici- 
tude is felt on account of the public, and on account of you individually. 
As to myself, individually it is of but little importance to me what is to 
happen. Out of twelve children I have now but Six left, and the eldest 
of them, at this time, seriously threatened. I can therefore say safely 
“all is vanity and vexation of spirit”. Still I am not soured with the 
world nor am I disposed to play the part of a monk, we were put here for 
activity and usefulness and while here I am not disposed to avoid the 
discharge of duty in any respect. 

In the Senate, if I approve your policy I would give it my humble 
support. If otherwise I would yield the berth to some other. To be your 
political opponent, in a public station, I would not, and to support that 
which I did not approve, you know, I could not. If elected when will 
you be in Washington? Ought you not to be there pretty early? 

Present me in such terms as will be most acceptable to Mrs. Jackson, 
and believe that I am with great sincerity Your friend 


438 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


To Major Wi111AM B. LeEwis.* 


HeErmitacE, October 15, 1828. 

D’r Major, Inclosed I send you the statement of a conversation had 
between Major Thos. McCorry and Col Anderson on the Burr business. 
This you will find is full and compleat, and may be well to give it to 
the public with a few comments, to shew that it was impossible for the 
Col. or Dr. McNairy to believe that the undated letter published, in con- 
nection with the note notifying the Col. that Burr was at my house, 
could have had any relation to the Boats for Burr, the conversation with 
Anderson by Mr. McCorry having taken place in 1816 or 1817 could 
not have been forgotten by Col. A. In this publication, the morals of 
Mr. Hunt might be commented on, as exposed in his last paper, wherein 
he says, it is not material whether the undated letter referred to the Boats 
built in 1803 for the United States, or in 1806 for Burr, Now 1 would 
suppose the difference is. great, as the difference between truth and fals- 
hood; when applied to the date of 1803 it is truth, when applied to 1806 
it is falshood and forgery. Now [if] forgery is no crime, or if falshood 
and slander is no crime then Mr. Hunts morals are right, but [if] to give 
false witness against ones neighbour is wrong, then the exhibition of this 
undated letter to prove me a conspirator with Burr when it related to a 
legal order certainly is criminal and Dr. McNairy having this knowledge, 
which is fully evidenced by his concealing to whom it was addressed, 
manifests a depravity of heart, and a baseness that ought to disqualify 
him from all social intercourse with the virtuous and moral part of 
Society and surely all honorable men will shun a man capable of wilfully 
bearing false evidence against his fellow men... .. 


GENERAL THOMAS CADWALADER TO JACKSON. 


PHILADELPHIA, October 15, 1828. 

Dear General, Our Election has closed most triumphantly—the right 
tickets have succeeded throughout—for Congress, Assembly, and City 
Councils. Sergeant is beaten by 557 votes—the City and County together 
give majorities of between five and six thousand. The vote for Electors 
on the 31st will be even more decisive, from the dispiriting effect of this 
overwhelming victory. 

We have no accounts yet from Jersey, this being the 2d and last day 
of their election. That ground is debateable, and we can well spare its 
votes—if we get them, it will be, to me, an agreeable surprize. Having 
had a particular agency in selecting the first list of Directors of the Office 
of the B. U. S.* in your quarter, I feel very anxious to know how far pub- 
lic opinion approves of the Administration. 

Complaints have been made to me that “the men are unpopular ”’— 
that “ the Prest.? is selfish, without the least influence, except that which 
his Official station gives him ’”’—that “he has a numerous train of Rela- 
tives engaged in Commercial pursuits, and the Bank is made an instru- 


1N. Y. Pub. Lib., Ford MSS. 
1 Bank of the United States. 
2 The president of the Nashville branch, Josiah Nichol. 


October, 1828 439 


ment for the promotion of their private interests, without regard to the 
effects upon the Community, or the Bank itself ”’—etc: and that, “ with 
the exception of Geo. W. Campbell, there is not an individual in the 
Direction who has the least influence beyond his own shop upon the public 
square—they consist for the most part of men who would not dare to ex- 
press an independant opinion, if they were capable of entertaining one ”’. 
“Our friend Major L. is removed, in order to make way for a man re- 
cently accused and convicted (in public opinion) of fraud for a series 
of years, by the use [of] false weights at his Cotton Gin”, etc: etc:— 
“ this change however is made by the suggestion of the Prest: and Cashr. 
for the purpose of procuring business men! this excuse for getting rid 
a an independant man is too flimsy to gain credit any where but in 

ila.” 

Should you favor me with any communications on a subject in which 
I feel interested personally, as well as in my character of Director of the 
Parent Bank, I need hardly say that I should receive them as strictly con- 
fidential, and they would be considered as additional obligations to those 
under which your former kindnesses have laid me. 

Mrs. Cadwalader unites in Compts. to Mrs. Jackson. I remain dear 
General with the most sincere respect and regard 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL RIcHARD K. CALL. 


HERMITAGE, October 18, 1828. 

. . . . Col Combs has lately visited Nashville as the pimp of Clay, and 
the Shelbys. This is an honorable station for a Col and member of the 
Legislature of Kentucky to fill. The Col may be a good pimp, but I do 
not believe he would make a good diplomatist—before he is done with his 
mission, I expect he will find himself in the same disgrace, with his col- 
leagues Col Andrew Erwin, Dr McNairy, Wm. P. Anderson and Tany- 
hill, who are only thought of here to be despised. 

I regret Col Butler had not sent on his statement direct to me, that it 
might have been embodied with yours, Eatons, Winchesters, Smiths, and 
others, which when seen, hands down Thos Shelby and Todd with in- 
famy and disgrace to posterity—and if they establish the sayings on the 
old Govr. which they have ascribed to him, his memory is damb forever. 


To James ELWELL.* 


HERMITAGE, October 19, 1828. 

D’r Sir, Yesterday, at church, I received your letter of the 18th in- 
stant. Whilst I regret the unpleasant situation in which you are placed, 
candor compels me to say to you, that it is intirely out of my power to 
relieve it by complying with your request. I am now, and have been for 
some time, without money—having no income but that arising from the 
labour employed on my farm. the shortness of the last years crop, and the 
low price of cotton left me indebted: and the ravages of the worm upon 
my present crop, I fear, will render me unable to close my necessary ac- 


counts at the end of this year. 


1 Copy. Handwriting of A. J. Donelson. 


440 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I never desired wealth on any other account than that of relieving the 
distresses of worthy men; and I assure you that the want of it for this 
purpose was never more sensibly felt than now. But I cannot alter the 
course of things, and must submit to the mortification of informing you 
that it is out of my power to comply with your request. 

With great respect 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.” 


HERMITAGE, October 29, 1828. 

D’r Genl: From a perusal of Col Combs pamphlet who has lately be- 
come the pimp for Genl Shelby and Co, and the coalition newspapers, you 
will see it held forth that James Jackson has knowledge of facts relating 
to the Colberis reserve that would fix upon me the charge of corruption 
of the deepest dye, for selfish agrandizement, and he only wants my per- 
mission to disclose it. I had told Col Combs that I gave him full permis- 
sion to call upon Mr. James Jackson, and every other person else, to 
divulge the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth upon this or 
any other subject; that I had no secrets. Still the coalition hold out the 
Idea that Mr. James Jackson will not disclose his knowledge of the 
corruption, about the reserve until I unseal his lips. To put an end to 
these unjust imputations, I wish you to call upon Mr. James Jackson and 
ask him to state in writing whether in this transaction, or any other, of a 
public nature in my life, he knew me guilty of any dishonorable or dis- 
honest act, or whether upon all and every occasion in my public character, 
I have not forgotten self to promote the public weal; and whether he ever 
knew me attempt to promote my own private interest at the public ex- 
pence—and be good enough to ask him to state whether he did not sup- 
port the resolutions in the Legislature of Alabama in 1823 or 1824, 
sepOM ENGI me as a fit and proper character to fill the Presidential 
chair. 

I wish you to read and shew this letter to Mr. James Jackson. I did 
hope that he would have voluntarily come forth and vindicated himself 
from being a participator in this corrupt transaction as charged by Erwin, 
Benton, Combs and Co., having not done so, I claim from him a reply in 
writing as above requested, and a copy of the letters alluded to. 

I am in great haste yr friend 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 
( Private) 


HERMITAGE, October 29, 1828. 
Dear Genl: From a certificate appended to Col Coombs pamphlet, 
lately published, detaching parts that he obtained whilst acting in the 
honorable station of pimp to Genl Shelby, it appears that Mr. James 
Jackson, has held out the idea that he could not unseal his lips without 
a written application to him for this purpose. It has been stated by 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. The letter following this is the draft from which this letter was 
written. It is of interest to compare the two. 
1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. 


November, 1828 441 


A. Erwin and Benton that you were concerned. This you know is not the 
fact. Make James speak on this. This was insidious and unmasks the 
rascality of James, as he intended to hold out the Idea, that he knew more 
than he would divulge, and that injurious to me. for this purpose I wish 
you to call upon James with the enclosed, shew it, or read it to him; 

You may rest assured I will never write James, on this subject. But 
I request you to apply to him, and if he refuses on reading the letter to 
him to comply with my request, send me a written statement of the inter- 
view having someone present on whose respectability the world will rely, 
who will Join in the statement with you. James has said to Mr. Ephraim 
A. Foster, that altho he would travel to Boston or to South America to 
prevent my election, that he has never knew of me a dishonest or dis- 
honorable act. I want his statement in a tangable shape, on paper. I have 
in his letters in the war office, a sure defence against falsehood, if it 
should be attempted. I pray you to attend to this as early as possible, and 
write me upon the receipt of this. With best wishes adieu 


P. S. Please send me a copy of the Alabama resolutions proposing me 
a candidate for the President. James Jackson was if not the mover, the 
warm supporter of these resolutions, hence could not have thought me 
corrupt. If necessary, in your conversation, you can hint this to James. 
I do not want to entrap, but his statement to Combs is of such a rascally 
character, that I will expose him, if it becomes necessary. A. J. 


To BriGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HeErmitacE, November 11, 1828. 
D’r Genl, I have this moment recd yours of the 2d instant, under cover 
to Major Eaton. I find it was written before Capt A. J. Donelson reached 
you. you will please to observe that I had no information of any appli- 
cation being made to James Jackson by the Shelbys but that through 
Laslie Combs, until Shelbys book come out with those letters appended to 
it, with the statement of Combs lackies, Tannyhill and Douglass also 
appended to it.2 The innuendoes contained in this, are of such a nature, 
that require an explanation from James, and if he has authorized it, im- 
mediate punishment. you will please to remark that the call upon James, 
is not for political effect, or to be used at present in that way, but to bring 
forth from him, whilst I am living, the truth, the whole truth, and noth- 
ing but the truth, and if he attempts to lie, that I may use all the means 
I have, in correcting him, and to obtain from him copies of all letters 
that he has of mine, on the subject of the chickasaw treaty and Colberts 
reservation etc. etc. It appears to be the opinion of Eaton that my letter 
in reply to the Editors of the Nashville Republican which you will have 
seen, is a sufficient call on James Jackson to come forth. I inclose his note 
to me and untill Capt A. J. Donelson returns, and you hear from me, you 
can pospone the call. 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc. ; L 

2 Kentucky Reporter Extra. Chickasaw Treaty. An Attempt to obtain the Testimony 
of James Jackson Esq. to prove the Connexion of Gen. Andrew Jackson with a Company 
of Land Speculators, while acting as United States Commissioner. . . . by James Shelby 
(pph., October, 1828). 


449 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


I must at a proper time, have James answer to the questions propounded 
in my note to Andrew J. Donelson and you. my own feelings and char- 
acter, is dearer to me than any other earthly thing, and if James has used 
innuendoes set forth by T and D he is one of the most base cowardly 
assasins of character, that ever lived. From our once friendship, if he 
had possessed the least magnanimity and honor, he would like all others 
have, come out voluntarily and given the truth, which at once would have 
put to rest all the slang of the combination of Erwin, McNairy, Anderson, 
Benton, Tannyhill and Co; but he has on the close of the election by an 
innuendo, endeavoured to give me a thrust under the 5th rib, supposing 
he would be safe, as all things would be forgotten at the close of the 
election—but more of this hereafter. 

I regret to hear of your suffering, but by extracting the tooth, is the 
only permanent remedy. Major Lee has reached Nashville last night and 
brings the intelligence that Jacksons majority in Ohio in 24 counties 
heard from in cincinnati on the 5th inst was 9724, being 5800 over 
Campbell in the same counties in the election for Governor. In Kentucky 
in Wyckliffs, Moors, Lecompts, and Mr Hattons Districts Jacksons ma- 
jetty 5750. It appears Ky and Ohio are safe notwithstanding all the vile 
slander. 

With our best respects to you, your lady and family, Your friend, 


CoLoNEL ARTHUR P. HAYNE TO JACKSON. 


CHARLESTON, November 15, 1828. 

. . . . Our venerable and distinguished Townsman Majr. Genl. Thos. 
Pinckney is no more. He breathed his last on Sunday the 2nd instt. His 
last moments, were those of a Christian and Philosoper, calm and self 
collected. For the last 40 years Genl. Pinckney had past his Summers at 
Moultrie-Ville, Sullivan’s Island, the most pleasant Summer climate in 
the World. The Genl. being an Uncle of Mrs. Hayne, and during the 
Summer, our next Door neighbour, I saw him every day during his last 
illness. I assisted in taking him on a Litter, from his House on the Island, 
to the Boat which was to convey him to Charleston. He was so reduced, 
that he had not the strength of an infant remaining—he could only turn 
in his Bed, but could not sit up. The distance from his House to the Boat 
which was to receive and convey him to Charleston was near half a mile. 

Before and after we left his house, the following peculiarly interesting 
Conversation, took place between the Genl. and myself. Let me here re- 
mark, in order to be clearly understood, that for the past year, Genl. 
Pinckney’s health had been gradually declining—but now it was entirely 
wasted and gone—yet by the blessing of God, his mind remained in every 
respect unimpaired—he could articulate distinctly—indeed it was only a 
few hours before his Death, that his voice failed him. When I entered 
his room on the morning, he was to be conveyed to Charleston, he was 
lying on his Litter. I bid him good morning, and inquired after his health. 
I then intentionally drew back a few paces from him, for you know his 
G onstitutional politeness, and I was fearful he would commence conver- 
sation, and I thought it might exhaust him, at a moment, when he was 
about to encounter so much fatigue. However, I was but a little while in 


November, 1828 443 


the room, when the Genl. called me to him. He lay covered with his Mili- 
tary Cloak, the one he had worn during the late war. “ Coll. said he, I 
believe you knew Capt. Armistead, who died at Fort Moultrie during the 
late War. These buttons, pointing to the Cloak, remind me of poor 
Armistead—he presented them to me, at the commencement of the late 
War, and begged as a token of his esteem for me, that I would wear them. 
Armistead, said he, was a good fellow.” I replied to the Genl. that I had 
known him very well, that in my first tour of duty, after having joined 
the Army in 1808, Armistead and myself served together in the harbour 
of Charleston—that he was a much older man than myself—we were 
Captains at the same time—and that he had all the warmth of feeling and 
character of a true hearted Virginian. The Genl. then took hold of my 
hand, as we were about to lift up the Litter; and which circumstance 
helped very much to steady his Nerves, and he continued to hold my hand 
till we reached the Boat. 
“ Coll. Hayne, said Genl. Pinckney to me, I go to Charleston, because 
I know, I can hold out, but a little longer, and it is my wish to give as 
little trouble to my friends after my death as possible—for said he, I 
know Sir, when an old Soldier dies, one who fought in the war of the 
Revolution, the rising generation feel it to be their duty to pay some re- 
spect to his memory—they will have it so—it may be all right—and we 
must yield—and you know in Charleston I shall be near at hand. This 
makes me desirous of proceeding to the City.”’ I assured the Genl. (as 
one of the rising generation, and that I would take upon myself, to speak 
for all of them) he ought not for a moment to suppose that any thing we 
could perform for the “ fathers’ of our Revolution”, would be looked 
upon by us, in the light of trouble—but on the contrary we felt the debt 
of gratitude, so justly their due, to be so great, that we knew we never 
could do enough for them. Now, finding that Genl. Pinckney, could con- 
verse, notwithstanding his body was, as it were dead, with all that good 
sense and wisdom, for which he was so eminently distinguished during 
his whole life, I now felt it my duty to say something that might cheer 
his spirits—and thus for [the] moment assuage his sufferings. Before I 
proceed to state the Conversation which follows, let me first inform you 
that between Genl. Thos. Pinckney and the ex-President Monroe, their 
had existed a personal intimacy and long friendship which commenced 
during the Revolution, and was renewed in Paris during the french Revo- 
lution, and was continued to the day of the Genl’s death. Now, the fact 
which I am about to relate, I never became possessed of, till three weeks 
ago, and I am persuaded the circumstance is new to yourself—it is this: 
Towards the close of your brilliant Campaigns in the Creek Nation, 
-Genl. Pinckney in the strongest terms, (availing himself of his intimacy 
with Mr. Monroe) recommended to the Government, that you should 
forthwith be brought into the Regular Army. He told the Government, 
that in justice to your distinguished talents, and great usefulness, in jus- 
tice to his own feelings—and above all in justice to the Government and 
Nation, you ought at once to be brought into the Regular Service. I em- 
braced, the then solemn occasion, to say to Genl. P.—that it must afford 
him peculiar pleasure, after so eventful a life as you had exhibited to the 


444 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


World, to know that he had recommended your Name so warmly and 
disinterestedly to the Govt. for the very appointment, which shortly after 
was given you. I at once perceived, that I had touched upon a Cord, to 
which his every feeling responded. He became at once animated, and I 
believe for the last time during his life. He thus addressed me: “ Coll. 
Hayne, said the Genl. I had never intended during my life, to lisp the 
fact you have just uttered; to my brother Charles, now dead, I alone 
mentioned the circumstance; and he some how let it drop—but now Sir, 
you have introduced the matter, I can only say it is true, my letters on 
the subject are in my letter book, and known to my military Staff. In 
doing, what I did, I only acted from a sense of duty—it was due to Genl. 
Jackson, and the Country. And Sir, said he, when Genl. Lafayette was 
in Charleston, some of my friends had heard the fact, and having been 
selected to welcome the, “ Nation’s Guest”, they were desirous and had 
introduced into their Addresses, the Circumstance, but so soon as I had 
understood what they were about to do I told them I could not consent to 
it, and requested they would alter that part of their Address ”. 

Genl. Pinckney again said “ he had recommended Genl. Jackson, and 
that it now afforded him pleasure—for besides the great services he had 
already rendered the Country, I still look up to Genl. Jackson, as a man, 
who, in the hands, of a kind and superintending providence, will be the 
happy instrument of still doing much more good. Coll. said he, J shall 
never again see Genl. Jackson in this World, but you will I hope, and when 
you do recollect to remember me kindly and respectfully to him. Say to 
him I always respected his talents, and great usefulness, and from the 
commencement of the present struggle for President, I have looked upon 
his success, as being completely identified, with the honor and prosperity 
of the Country”. 

Genl. P—then went on and said, “ Coll. Hayne ours is a great and 
blessed Country—who can tell what will be its future Destiny, and happy 
am I to say, and I say it with peculiar pleasure and delight—that our 
Children—that the present and rising generation are in every respect wor- 
thy of the blessings growing out of our Revolution”. Genl. P—then 
spoke in a beautiful manner of the future prospects [of] our beloved 
Country—that the Soldiers of the War of the Revolution, had lived for 
some purpose, and had been abundantly rewarded for all the toils and 
hardships, which they had encountered—and he thus continued to dis- 
course with the greatest intelligence on subjects connected, with his Coun- 
trie’s glory and prosperity, until he reached the boat, which for the last 
tume was to convey him to Charleston. On the present occasion he was 
in physical strength a mere infant—but in mind to the glory of human 
nature, clear headed and powerful. Genl. P—was 78 years of age and 
11 days, and till the last year of his life enjoyed a large share of good 
health. I assure you my dear Genl. that the Conversation which J have 
so feebly and hastily narated, was every thing that, Christianity and 
philosophy could have exhibited. Indeed so perfect a Union of philoso- 
phy and Christianity, I never before witnessed 


November, 1828 445 


To GENERAL THOMAS CADWALADER.! 


HERMITAGE, November 16, 1828. 

My D’r sir, Your friendly letter of the 15th ultimo has been received, 
and I should have done myself the pleasure of acknowledging its receipt 
before this, but for the desire of getting some information upon the sub- 
ject of the Bank about which you express some solicitude 

I assure you my D’r sir, that I feel myself under many obligations for 
the disinterested and liberal support of my friends in every section of 
the union, and to none am I under higher and more lasting obligations 
than to my Pennsylvania friends. That state is as firm in the cause of 
Republicanism and liberal principles as are her native mountains—she 
has shewn herself, by her virtue and love of liberty, worthy of the pre- 
dominating influence she possesses, and from her local situation always 
must possess in the Union. 

With regard to the Bank located in Nashville,” I can say but little, altho 
I have made some enquiry concerning it, since the receipt of your letter. 
Never having been, in any manner, connected with Banks, and having 
very little to do with the one here, I feel myself unable to give you any 
satisfaction about it. The Directors so far as I know, are reputed hon- 
est; but some of them, it is true, are but little known out of Nashville. 
Whether the President has an undue influence over the Board or not, I 
am unable to say; but as some of the members are young men and partly 
raised by him, it is quite probable that they have much confidence in his 
Judgment and may be influenced by his opinions. I am told the greatest 
objection to the present Board is, that a large proportion of the members 
are Europeans, and some of them residents of this place but a very few 
years. If it is any part of the policy of the mother Bank to conciliate the 
states and make their Branches acceptable to the people, then I think a 
portion of their board at least, should have been composed of men better 
known, and possessing more extensive influence than the most of those 
in the directory of the Bank at Nashville do. I do not wish to speak as to 
the competency of the present Board in Judiciously and safely managing 
the concerns of the Bank—for of this I am not sufficiently informed to 
allow myself to speak: nor am I able to say whether its management has 
given General satisfaction; but I have understood complaints have been 
made—whether well or ill founded I know not. 

Mrs Jackson requests that her kind salutations may be presented to 
Mrs Cadwalader to whom you will be pleased to add mine. 

With sincere respect and regard I am dear sir Your most obt servant 


FreLrx GRUNDY TO JACKSON. 


NASHVILLE, November 20, 1828. 
Dear Sir, Beleiving as I do, that it is the duty of your friends to com- 
municate to you all facts and circumstances which will enable you to 


1 This copy begins in the handwriting of Jackson but is completed in that of another 


erson. 
s 2 The Nashville branch of the United States Bank. Cadwalader was a director of the 


parent bank. 


446 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


udge of the state of parties correctly I proceed to inform you that, on 
ee I received a ease (not confidential) from Mr Wm H Crawford 
in which he says, “ The state of Georgia cannot consistently with its 
feelings or character vote for Mr Calhoon or Mr Rush as Vicepresident 
etc.” a determination to run Nathaniel Macon is then express,d and 
many things are said in his favor and a wish expressed, that his claims 
should be laid before our electoral college etc.* 

This is a strange step, which will fail in its object. I shall answer Mr 
Crawford, stating that I consider our Electors pledged to vote for Calhoon 
by their declarations previous to the election. This movement shews, that 
dissention and discord will exist among those who have supported you 
and that at an early day, the present dominant party will be greatly 
divided among themselves, and in such manner, I fear as to give you much 
disquietude ; Should a serious disagreement rise up, nothing will be easier 
than for the now defeated party to assume such an attitude as will enable 
them to govern the affairs of the Country upon your retiring from 
office—not that one of them can be elected, but your successor can be made 
indebted to them for their support, and of course, they will possess a great 
degree of influence and control over him. 

What would most effectually prevent strife and contention and keep 
down a rising storm? It would be, in my opinion, a willingness on your 
part to continue in office a second term, or at least no avowal to the con- 
trary. I had a strong wish to converse with you on the subject last named, 
but my continued absence from home will probably deprive me of seeing 
you before you leave this State for Washington. I wish you health and 
prosperity 

yrs respectfully 


1Oct. 21, 1828, William H. Crawford wrote to Van Buren (Library of Congress, 
Van Buren MSS.) as follows: 

“My dear Sir The State of Georgia cannot consistently with its feelings and character 
Vote for either Mr Calhoun or Mr Rush for vice President. I therefore have thought it 
right to bring forward a name which I hope is unobjectionable in every point of view. 
The Name of Nathaniel Macon is I presume above all exception. The nation by a kind 
of local consent has studiously avoided the discussion of the claims of individuals for 
the Vice President. I have approved of this course because I thought it improper to 
divert the attention of the public from the election of the President to a secondary object. 
The electors of the State of New York are I believe uncommitted by the State as to 
Vice President at least except as between Calhoun and Rush. If it were otherwise, I 
should think there would [be] no difficulty when the name of Mr Macon should be 
presented to them. I presume it will only be necessary to bring the name and claims of 
Mr Macon under the consideration of the electors to secure the suffrage for Mr Macon. 
You will I therefore hope my dear sir bring his claims and name distinctly into view or 
cause it to be done in the most impressive manner. Letters have been addressed to 
distinguished individuals in the states of the Union except New Hampshire Massachusetts 
Rhode Island Connecticut and Vermont, To obtain the co-operation of those States, And 
I confidently hope that success will crown the effort. I think no apprehension need be 
entertained that Genl Jackson will bring Calhoun into the cabinet if he should not be 
re-elected Vice President, the very fact that he is rejected by the people will be sufficient 
to keep him out of the Cabinet. I will myself cause representations to be made to Genl 
Jackson that will prevent his being taken into the cabinet of Genl Jackson. I will thank 


you to inform me as early as possible the probable result of the electoral election in New 
York. I am dear sir your friend and most obt servt” 


December, 1828 447 


To BRIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE." 


HERMITAGE, November 24, 1828. 

. . . . L intended writing you a long letter by Mr Camper, but I have 
been so crowded with company and pressed with business that I have had 
no time. you will have received my letter acquiescing in the advice of my 
friends to leave James Jackson to the fearful reflections of his own con- 
science and am satisfied with the course that you and Capt A. J. Donelson 
has pursued. you may be assured that my feelings have been coroded by 
the villainous course of those base, corrupt and unprincipled men who 
I have once hugged to my bosom, and extended every act of friendship 
and liberality in my power—As a save to my feelings the virtuous por- 
tion of the people have well sustained me, the majority in ohio from the 
official returns just recd is 4100, and that in Ky still greater altho I 
have not yet recd the official returns. Virginia and Pennsylvania has 
gone overwhelming majorities, New York as far as heard from gives 
evidence of 24 votes and perhaps 30. The official return from Cumber ? 
in Main I have recd, which gives me that vote, and I may get another. 
Louisiana and Mississippi have both given me the electoral vote, these 
results is gratifying to me, and under the weight of executive patronage 
wielded as it was to corrupt the people, and by propagating its slanders 
by its panders and corrupt minions, expected to destroy me. in this it has 
failed, and the suffrages of a virtuous people have pronounced a verdict 
of condemnation against them and their slanders whilst it has justified 
my character and course. I am filled with gratitude, still my mind is de- 
pressed. I will write you more fully shortly, untill then accept my best 
wishes for you and your family, 

yr friend 


James K. Pork To JACKSON. 


WASHINGTON, December 1, 1828. 

Dear Sir, On my way here and since my arrival, many inquiries have 
been made, and I have heard many conjectures as to the time you would 
probably set out for Washington, and the route you would travel. In one 
thing ail your friends with whom I have conversed concur, and that is, 
that you should be here several weeks before the inauguration. Some of 
your friends have in conversation, suggested the propriety of changing 
the period of counting the votes, by a modification of the existing law, so 
as to enable a Committee of Congress to visit your residence and inform 
you officially of your election in time for you to reach Washington by 
the 4th of March. The suggestion merely, but no formal proposition has 
been made. That such a course would be respectful all agree, but many 
of your discreet and intelligent friends (and I think I may safely say a 
majority of those whith [sic] whom I have conversed on the subject) 
hhink that your election being a matter of notoriety known to yourself 
and conceded by your political adversaries, it would be inexpedient to do 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 
2 Probably intended for Cumberland County. 


31 


448 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


so. They think that your election having taken place under peculiar cir- 
cumstances and the triumph being complete, there should be as little of 
ceremony and parade as can properly be dispensed with; that you should 
come on to Washington in anticipation of the result, and that immedi- 
ately on the counting of the votes be ready to receive the official communi- 
cation through a committee of Congress. If there was no other objection, 
it is apprehended that any attempt now to change the existing law might 
and probably would in the present excited state of parties elicit a discus- 
sion (perhaps a protracted one) which might result in no good to the 
cause which we have so long laboured to sustain. I do not think it prob- 
able therefore, that any change will be made in the existing law. The 
votes will be counted on the second Wednesday in February, and by that 
time your friends will expect you here, or at all events in convenient dis- 
tance to receive the official notice of your election. If however contrary 
to my present impressions a different course should be resolved on, it 
will be within a very few days, and you shall be immediately advised of it. 

I have given you according to my promise when last at the Hermitage, 
the views of your friends here, as far as I have ascertained them. I will 
write you again at furthest in a week and can then speak with positive 
certainty. When you have come to a determination, your friends here 
would be gratified to know when you will leave home and the route you 
will travel. .... 


James K. PoLk To JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, December 5, 1828. 

Dear Sir, When I wrote you a few days since, I ventured to express 
to you the opinion, that your friends here would not deem it expedient, 
at this time and under existing circumstances, to atteanpt any modifica- 
tion or change of the existing law, fixing the period for counting the votes 
for President and Vice President, and that it would be desirable with 
them, as I then thought, for you to be here some time before you would 
have to enter on the duties of the high station, to which you have been 
called by the voice of your country. Upon further consultation that opin- 
ion is confirmed, and I can now speak with certainty. To relieve you from 
any possible difficulty or doubt, you might have on the subject, a letter 
has been prepared, which has been already signed by many of your friends 
in Congress, and will be by others, announcing to you (though unoffi- 
cially) the entire certainty of your election, and suggesting to you, the 
importance of being here, earlier than you could be, if you remain at your 
residence to receive the official communication. That letter will be mailed 
as soon as the signatures are completed, probably on tomorrow or the 
next day, and you may expect to receive it by the mail immediately suc- 
ceeding that which will take you this. 

It is already rumoured that you will probably visit Philadelphia before 
the 4th of March. Letters have been received here inquiring if there be 
any foundation for the rumour. They have been promptly answered, 
that there is not, as far as any of your friends here know. I know you will 
attribute it to the proper motive, when I suggest to you to be cautious 


December, 1828 449 


how you expose your person on your journey, for such has been the ex- 
citement, and such is the deep mortification of some of your political ene- 
mies who have so vindictively and bitterly assailed you, that many have 
become reckless, and almost desperate in their feelings, and I often hear 
among your friends some concern expressed for your personal safety. 


RosBert DEsHA?* TO JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, December 5, 1828. 

. . . . Your friends here have asked me frequently what time you will 
come on to the City, and at the same time state that you ought to be here 
by the middle of Feby at furthest. You cant be officially notified of your 
election soon enough to be here in time; and I think you ought to start 
immediately, and make a stop at some one point in Kentucky, Ohio and 
Pensylvania, to gratify your friends in those states, for they have certainly 
fought every inch of the ground for you and have not only had to con- 
tend against the aristocracy, of the country but against the patronage 
of the Govr. as well, as the U. States Banks, which last power has been 
wielded by the influence of Clay to prostrate you. Mr. Adams and Clay 
have mistook the people, for they are not as corrupt and cant be pur- 
chased as easily as they have supposed. Your friends have had some 
talk upon the subject of changing the law upon the subject of counting 
the votes, and making it sooner, but there will be some objections to that 
course, and J apprehend some of Mr. Adams friends might oppose it, and 
by that means get the house into a lengthy discussion Upon the whole 
I think it best to start from home early, and stop within striking distance 
of the Capitol, say Harrisburgh Pensylvania, or Pittsburgh, and there 
await for the Committe that will be appointed, and sent after you..... 


Joun H. Eaton To Mrs. JACKSON. 


WasHINGTON, December 7, 1828. 

Mrs. Rachiel Jackson 

My dear fr{ilend, for so I feel I may style you, the frends you have 
here, firm and numerous both male and female, have constantly enquired 
of me since my arrival to know if you would arrive with the genl. They 
regret that it can be even considered doubtful what your determination 
may be. There reasons are very satisfactory, and therefore have I under- 
taken to speak to you about it. rape 

The past I need not repeat, for you know it well. To prejudice your 
husband, you well know what envenomed slander has been aimed at both 
- of you. Not you alone, but others too, have felt its keen edge; and altho 
this is slender atonement to your own aggrieved feelings, it affords this 
consolation, that the assaults made proceeded exclusively from motives. 
The storm has now abated—the angry tempest has ceased to howl. A 
verdict by the American people has been pronounced of that high and 
grateful character, that for the honor of your husband, you cannot but 
look back on the past as an idle fading vision carrying in it nothing sub- 
stantial—nothing that should produce to you one moments feeling, or a 


1M. C. from Tennessee 1827-1831. 


450 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


moments pain. No man has ever met such a triumph before: The voice 
of his Country has placed him at a sightless distance above his little tribe 
of little assailants; and in this high and gratifying consideration, should 
both of you repose, pleased and rejoiced. These remarks might have been 
omitted, only that they are designed merely as a prelude to what I in ac- 
cord with all your freinds here desire in your behalf 

The attentions intended to be meeted out to the general, and to you, 
are such as will evince to both of you a continuance of the same high and 
glowing feeling which has produced his unequalled and triumphant vote 
from the People. The Ladies from distance—from remote parts of the 
Union will be here—brought essentially and altogether on your account, 
and to manifest to you their feelings and high regard: they will be present 
to welcome and to congratulate you. If you shall be absent how great 
will be the dissapointment. Your persecutors then may chuckle, and say 
that they have driven you from the field of your husbands honors. By all 
means then come on; and as you have had to bear with him the reproaches 
of foes, participate with him in the greetings of his frends 

I had thought heretofore, it would be better for you to remain and 
come on in May. That opinion is changed, since that I have arrived here, 
and heard the reasonings of your frends. I am especially invited to write 
to you on this subject, and in the name of those who are your warm 
and sincere frends to desire that you will be here at all events by the 
Ist of March, ready and rested for the 4th. Such is my confidence that 
you will be along with the general, under the suggestions I have made, 
that I shall no longer speak of it as at all doubtful; but say that you intend 
to proceed with the genl, and will be certainly here. A failure on your 
part will create disappointment and prove to your frends exceedingly 
trying 

with sincere regard 


Joun H. Eaton To Jackson." 


WASHINGTON, December 8, 1828. 

D’r Gen, I have written to Mrs Jackson, [and refer] you to her letter 
for information on [the matters] of which it treats 

Mr. Polk and Judge White have written to you I expect. As regards 
sending a Committee to Nashville our frends were of different opinions 
and hence no move could be made. They feared some exception might 
be taken by your enemies if any attempt were made to change the law so 
as to count the votes in January instead of February. But for that a Com- 
mittee would have been dispatched 

Your best route will be by the Ohio River most pleasant and easy. 
Most likely you will be compelled to go to Pittsburg; and will also have 
to delay a day at Louisville and Cincinati. I suggest if it will not be 
better for you to decline all dinners; an opp[o]rtunity for the people to 


see and be introduced to you will be enough, and much as you should 
consent to. All dinners had better be declined. 


1 Erroneously filed in Jackson MSS., vol. 57, 
mutilated. It illustrates the extent to which Fat 
for Jackson’s actions. 


for the year 1820. The letter is badly 
on at this time assumed to make plans 


December, 1828 451 


On reaching Pittsburg, your better plan will be to proceed down the 
turnpike direct to Baltimore [and thence] here, From the 15 to the 20 
Feby should [be necessary to travel] to this place; and this necessity can 
be [employed] by you on the way as ground of [being unable] to accept 
the civilities of your frends [or turning] out from your direct march. 
Write me from Wheeling, and state your probable progress and I will 
endeavour to unite with you some where on your march. 

The Pensylvania Legislature may urge you to pass to Harrisburg their 
seat of Govt, where they are now in Session. I have wrote there to try 
and prevent any invitation from being given, by stating your feelings 
entertained for the citizens of that state and the pain a refusal to comply 
would afford. I hope my suggestions will prove effectual, and that they 
may forbear to subject you to the necessity of refusing. 

Your frends in Phila, say you are also expected there; and if you visit 
Harrisburg, you will be constrained to do so. They say to me, that while 
all desire to see you, very many of your most ardent frends think it would 
be impolitic and hence prefer that you should not. I give you these hints 
that you may the better judge. N York too wants you there, and Virga 
and No Ca, are looking for you in their directions. Thus your [future] 
course of travel is full of perplexity [and your] best judgment must 
direct you what [to do.] I have replyed to those who have [written to] 
me about it in this way—Genl Jackson [though] loth to disoblige frends, 
desires it, as right to come as direct as he can, to the City of Washington. 
After he is inaugerated, he will be at liberty, and then may gratify his 
frends [by] a visit thro the States to the North [where] for some years 
past he has been desireous to go, but from feelings of delicacy in refer- 
ence to the election, has declined 

Yrs truly, 


PS. Since concluding my letter I have seen a resolution of the Legis- 
lature inviting you to Harrisburg on the 8. You will not be on so early, 
and therefore may escape; but if on your arrival at Pittsburg you shall 
be met with a second invitation by the State Legislative authority I can 
not tell how you can avoid accepting if you have time. I am in hopes my 
letters to that place may save you the necessity of any action on this mat- 
ter hereafter. 


MEMORANDUM IN JACKSON’S HANDWRITING. 
[December 9, 1828. ] 


Mr. R—e—R—va* 


Irst. a strong constitutional att-genl 
and. a genuine old fashioned Cabinet to act together and form a coun- 


sel consultative 
3rd. no Edditors to be appointed 


1 These letters seem to mean, Mr. Ritchie, Richmond, Va., and the memorandum 
evidently refers to some communication, perhaps only of the views of Thomas Ritchie, 
the influential editor of the Richmond Enquirer. The date is uncertain but that given 
here is approximately correct. 


452 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


4th. no Members of Congress, except heads of Departments or For- 

eign ministers to be appointed 
th. no Foreign mission to be originated without the Senate etc. etc. 

6th. The Public debt paid off, the Tariff modified and no power usurped 
over internal improvements 

7th. a high minded enlightened principle in the administration of the 
Govt. as to appointments and removals. These things will give a brilliant 
carreer to the administration 


[Indorsement:] Memorandom of Points to be considered in the ad- 
ministration of the government: to be filed. 


To BrIGADIER-GENERAL JOHN COFFEE.* 


HERMITAGE, December 11, 1828. 

My Dear Genl, I have this moment recd your letter of the 8th instant 
and have no apology to offer for not writing you as I had promised, but 
a press of business which has crowded on me by addresses of congratu- 
lations from committees from various parts, accompanied with invita- 
tions to visit them etc. etc. which I am obliged to answer. I receive at 
least one hundred letters a week, none of which unless from committees, 
do I answer, indeed it would take ten clerks, and was it not for the aid 
of Capt A. J. Donelson I could not reply to half of what are necessary to 
be answered. 

My thanks are due to the great ruler of the universe for his kind and 
protecting care, particularly for his preserving Mrs J. and myself, unhurt,” 
from the wicked slanders of the combined and corrupt minions of a profli- 
gate administration, wielding all its patronage to destroy us, and causing 
those slanders to recoil upon their own heads and fall harmless before 
us. Indeed we may emphatically say, that providence has snatched us 
from the snares of the fowler, for we have been shielded from the most 
bitter and wicked persecution, recorded in history, providence has pro- 
cured for us a verdict of the people which has condemned these wicked 
proceedings, and has pronounced to an admiring world that the people 
are virtuous, and capable of self government, and that the liberty of our 
beloved country will be perpetual. This is a victory indeed of the virtue 
of the people over corruption. 

I cannot yet say when I will set out, altho it would seem certain 
that I am elected by a large majority, my vote being 178, to 83 for Mr 
Adams. still until I hear from the members in congress I cannot deter- 
mine on my route, or set a day when I shall set out. Major Eaton thinks 


1 Tenn. Hist. Soc., Dyas Coll., Coffee MSS. 

2 Mrs. Jackson died Dec, 22, eleven days after this letter was written. The Nashville 
newspapers said she took a long walk a week before and was much exhausted. After 
returning home she was seized with alarming spasms in the chest, which, after remitting 
and recurring for a few days, became transferred to the heart and, in a moment of 
apparent convalescence, terminated, without a groan or struggle, her well-spent life. 
Another story is preserved in Parton’s Jackson (III. 154-158). A local tradition has it 
that she was seized after her arm had become chilled by stirring a vat filled with pickle 
in strong brine. On a letter from Francis Preston to Jackson, dated Dec. 5, 1828, the 


following endorsement appears in Jackson’s handwriting: “Answered in haste 18th D 
1828. Whilst writing Mrs. Jackson taken violently ill.” ee 


December, 1828 453 


congress will send a committee for me, and has enjoined it on me, to 
accept of no invitation, and not to stir untill I hear from him after he 
reaches the city. his letter I expect to receive between the 2 5th and 30th 
instant. If left to myself and the Ohio keeps open I shall take a steam 
Boat. indeed the citizens of Pittsburgh has tendered the steam boat Penn- 
sylvania ; offered to send her to Nashville, receive me there as the Guest 
of her citizens, and a committee to wait upon and accompany me thither. 
I feel such a debt of gratitude to that friendly and patriotic state, that it 
would have been most gratifying to me, to have accepted the offer. 

I intend setting out in sufficient time to reach the city on or before the 
middle of February, to do this certainly, I must leave home between the 
first and 15th of January. when I think of leaving home, the responsi- 
bility and labour, I would it was otherwise, but providence thanks to the 
people has willed it, and I obey; trusting in all things to his guidance and 
protection. 

I have much to say to you, and was fearfull I would not have had the 
pleasure of seeing you, but as you have promised me this pleasure, I shall 
avail myself of a personal communication, hoping you, your Lady, and 
daughter, may have it in your power to be with us on the 23d at the 
dinner in Nashville, to which you are invited. 

That portion of the 16th section that adjoins Hutchings tract are valu- 
able to his estate and ought to be bought. I have no hesitation in saying 
it ought to be bought in at ten dollars pr acre, and indeed I would go as 
far as ten dollars and a half, but get it as low as you can. I observe the 
sale is on the twentieth of this month, you can give instructions to Capt 
Donelson or Mr Easton, or any confidential agent, to buy it in, leaving 
authority in writing. I here authorise you or any agent you may appoint, 
to sign my name to any instrument, as guardian of A. J. Hutchings, neces- 
sary to secure the payment, for the purchase of those two quarters adjoin- 
ing Hutchings west boundary, authorising the bidder to go as far as ten 
dollars and a half pr acre and my dr Genl, appoint an agent, and be with 
us on the 23d—at Nashville. 

Mrs J and myself will expect to see you, Polly your daughter, and 
sweet little ones before we go from home, to all whom present us affec- 
tionately and believe me sincerely yr friend, 


Rogpert Y. HAyNE TO JACKSON, 


WASHINGTON, December 18, 1828. 

My Dear Sir. I trust that my delay to congratulate you, on your late 
great, and glorious victory, has not been imputed to any indifference on 
_ my part, in relation to that event. I hope that my feelings towards you, 
are too well known, to make it necessary for me to say, that no man in 
America can rejoice more sincerely in your happy triumph; a triumph of 
principle over intrigue, of truth over falsehood ; in one word, of the people 
over corruption. But being sensible, that the calls on your time and at- 
tention must now have become oppressive, I had determined to refrain 
from offering my congratulations ’till I should have the pleasure of meet- 
ing you in Washington. It has occurred to Mrs. Hayne however, that her 


454 Correspondence of Andrew Jackson 


services might possibly be of use to Mrs. Jackson, before her arrival here. 
I enclose a note on that subject. Should Mrs. J. or yourself have any com- 
mands, it will give us pleasure to attend to them—if not, I beg that you 
will not put yourselves to the trouble to answer our letters. I have lately 
heard from my Brother, who is in high spirits, at having had the grati- 
fication of giving his vote as an Elector. to his old friend and commander. 

Believe me to be, with the highest respect and esteem very truly yours, 


MEMORANDUM.” 
[December 23, 1828.] 

Sensible that I owe what public consideration I possess to the confi- 
dence reposed in me by my fellow citizens of these United States—feeling 
a concious inability to discharge this debt of gratitude, I have made it an 
undeviating rule of my conduct not to decline any situation that it was 
the pleasure of the people to call me to fill. I had retired from the bustle 
of public life to my farm, there to repair an enfeebled constitution, worn 
out in the service of my country. The people of their own mere will 
brought my name before the nation for the office of President of these 
U. States. They have sustained me against all the torrents of slander 
that corruption and wickedness could invent, circulated thro subsidised 
presses and every other way supported by the patronage of the govern- 
ment; and by a large majority of the virtuous yeomanry of the U. States 
have elected me to fill the presidential chair. Such call, under such cir- 
cumstances, I cannot hesitate to obey, I accept the office given me by the 
free and unbiased suffrage, of a virtuous people, with feelings of the 
highest gratitude. 

Allow me to assure you I feel the responsibility of the duties I am called 
on to perform and I appreciate as I ought the honor the people have con- 
ferred on me, and that I will enter upon the duties of the office to which 
I am called, with that zeal the confidence in me has inspired, supplicating 
the throne of grace, to guide me in the duties of my office, that my ad- 
ministration may redound to the harmony, prosperity, and happiness of 
these United States. 

Permit me to assure you of the sensibility I feel of the kind manner 
you have been pleased to make known to me the result of the peoples will 
in the election of their chief Magistrate. 


1 This paper is in a collection of Jackson papers in the possession of Miss Pauline 
Wilcox, of Washington, D. C., a granddaughter of Maj. A. J Poneto Jackson’s private 
secretary. It seems to have been intended for use in addressing any committee of Con- 
gress that might come to Nashville to notify Jackson of his election. For this reason the 
date has been assumed to be Dec. 23, 1828. 


APPENDIX. 
THE Corrin HanpsItt.! 


October 18, 1828. 

We lay this far-famed handbill before our readers to-day. We have 
two reasons for doing so. Many of them have never yet seen it—this is 
one reason. The other is, that the Jacksonites call it an infamous bill, and 
pronounce all its statements false. It is neither infamous nor false. If 
there be any infamy connected with it, that infamy should attach to 
General Jackson—for, however black—however appalling this bill may 
appear, it presents but an inadequate representation of the still blacker 
and still more appalling acts of this violent and vindictive man. He caused 
a dead body to be furnished for every coffin therein represented—He 
caused them to be thus furnished, as we religiously believe, in violation 
of the laws of the country and the usages of civilized society. If, there- 
fore, we repeat it, there be any infamy in the matter, it rests upon the 
head of the man, the faithful narrative of whose deeds blacken the page 
upon which they are impressed. 

We defy the most fiery—the most enthusiastic—the most devoted fol- 
lower and friend of the blood stained Hero—we defy the whole host of 
his friends, to disprove one single solitary material charge in this bill. 
They cannot—it is impossible. They might as well attempt to move the 
Allegany from its base or to direct and control the violence of the storm 
and the tempest—they might as well attempt to convert black into white, 
and wrong into right. No man will dare to say that the six militia men 
were not shot to death by order of General Jackson. That they were thus 
shot has been established by official papers drawn from the war office and 
published by order of Congress.—The act was as cruel as uncalled for, 
and appeals to every man’s best affections, and sympathies, for the met- 
ing out of retributive justice at the ensuing election, against the man who 
had no pity for his fellow man—against the proud conquerer who con- 
signed his countrymen to death, whilst his countrymen were deifying him. 

Not less cruel—not less true—and not less uncalled for, was the shoot- 
ing of the regular soldiers, near Nashville, by order of General Jackson. 
A bloody transaction, the only mistake in the detail of which has been 


1The Coffin Handbill played such a part in the election campaign of 1828 that the 
_text is printed here, without the heavy block coffins that ornamented it. This attack on 
Jackson originated with John Binns, editor of the Democratic Press, Philadelphia, who, 
early in this campaign, published the handbill as a supplement to his regular “daily, tri- 
weekly and weekly” issues. By this means it was widely circulated and brought Binns 
an undesirable notoriety (John Binns, Recollections, p. 245). The Coffin Handbill was 
reprinted by other anti-Jackson editors and with the addition of matter not related to 
the execution of the six militiamen, which was Binns’s original subject. John Taliaferro, 
of Virginia, issued a “Supplement to the Coffin Handbill”, containing additional matter. 
The copy from which the following text is taken is the form in which it was issued 
by Our Country (Hagerstown, Md.), Oct. 18, 1828. 


455 


456 Appendix 


in underrating the number of the victims—Here is the account of it, 
given at the time, by the papers of the day, under the immediate eye of 
the General, and in the neighborhood of the Hermitage :— 


From the Democratic Clarion, of Nashville, Tennessee. 


“‘ NASHVILLE, Tenn., Feb. 21, 1815. 

“ On Friday last, EIGHT soldiers were shot near this town for DESER- 
TION. We are among those who have thought it a crime that deserved 
severe punishment—but to shoot eight men in the bosom of civil society, 
where there was scarcely as many soldiers besides, as there were prisoners 
to be executed, and where the effect to be produced is calculated to injure 
the recruiting more than it benefits the service, was in our opinion a waste 
of human blood.” 


That John Woods—a youth of 18—the main stay and best hope of an 
aged and widowed mother—was shot to death by order of General Jack- 
son, under circumstances more aggravated, if possible, than those de- 
tailed in the handbill, has been shown—fully and clearly shown—by 
Gen. Jackson’s own friends ;—and will not, therefore, certainly be denied 
by them. 

We have the authority of Gen. Jackson’s own official documents, upon 
which to take our stand in relation to the cold-blooded massacre of the 
sixteen Indians, and the sanguinary execution of the Prophet Francis and 
his companions. We have the evidence of these bloody tragedies in Gen. 
Jackson’s own language—in language, the tone and temper and brevity of 
which are calculated to freeze the blood and chill the soul not steeled 
against another’s woe. 

Felix Grundy, the bosom friend of Gen. Jackson, and others among 
his prominent advocates, have admitted that the General did run a cane 
sword through Samuel Jackson—that he was arranged at the bar of his 
country for the offence—but pleaded justification of the act. There can 
therefore be no doubt as to the correctness of this item in the bill. 

The worse than savage assault made by Jackson and his bullies upon 
Col. Benton and his brother, has never been denied to our knowledge, but 
by Gen. Duff Green and M. M. Noah. It is a historical fact, the correct- 
ness of which can be established by hundreds of living witnesses in the 
neigabomiogs of Nashville. Surely then this item of the bill cannot be 

alse. 

No man living would be more rejoiced than we would, to be satisfied 
that the charges contained in this bill against Gen. Jackson were not well 
founded. At least one ground of our objection to him would then be 
removed. As an inducement for his friends to attempt their removal, we 
hereby offer 


$20 for such evidence as will satisfy the public that the six militia men 
were not shot by Gen. Jackson’s order, after their time had expired, 
and contrary to law. . 
$20 for any evidence by which we can convince the public that the eight 


regulars were not unnecessarily shot, by order of Gen. Jackson, near 
Nashville. 


The Coffin Handbill 457 


$20 for any fact calculated to convince the humane and the merciful that 
the gallant but unfortunate youth, John Woods, was not cruelly and 
unnecessarily put to death by order of General Jackson. 

$20 for the pointing out of any mistake in Gen. Jackson’s own account of 
the massacre of the sixteen Indians, and the murder of the Prophet 
and his countrymen. 

$20 for any evidence that may enable us to convince the public that Gen. 
Jackson did not run his cane sword through Samuel Jackson. 

$20 for any testimony showing that General Jackson and his bullies did 
not make the attack on Col. Benton and his Brother, an account of 
which the Colonel gives in his letter. And 

$20 for such facts as will satisfy the public that the Jackson party have 
not been misrepresenting those bills with a view of deceiving the 
people as to the real character and temper of their Farmer Hero. 


If our offer be not taken, the correctness of the charges must be con- 
sidered as admitted by the Heroe’s friends. And if all these charges be 
true—if all these black and horrid deeds have been done or sanctioned 
by Gen. Jackson, where the impropriety?—where the infamy ?—where 
the falsehood of the bill? There is neither impropriety—infamy—nor 
falsehood, in the business. But, on the contrary, there is a virtue in pro- 
claiming the deep-dark-cold-chilling-damning facts, that this bill sets 
forth against this aspirant for a situation, for which every consideration 
of prudence, of justice and of patriotism, proclaims him unfit and unde- 
serving. And, “if it should be the last act of our life’, and subject us to 
the penalties of the “second section”’, if possessed of the means, we 
would spread this black bill—this true picture of wrong—oppression— 
and tyranny—through every district—city—town—village and neighbor- 
hood, that no living soul in the land, entitled to the right of suffrage, 
should be ignorant of its contents, when he deposits his vote in the ballot 
box at the next election. 


Jf SomME ACCOUNT OF SOME OF THE BLoopy DEEDS 
OF 


GENERAL JACKSON. 
A brief account of the Execution of the Six Militia Men. 


As we may soon expect to have the official documents in relation to the 
Srx Muurt1a Men, arrested, tried, and put to death, under the orders 
of General Andrew Jackson, this may not be an improper time to give 
to the public some of the particulars of their execution, as we have them 
from “ An Eve Witness”, who appeals to Col Russell, for the truth of 
every word he relates. 

Harris was a Baptist preacher, with a large family. He had hired as 
a substitute for three months. This was the case with most of them. 
They were ignorant men, but obstinate in what they believed right, and 
what they had been told by their officers was right—They were all sure 
they could not be kept beyond three months, and they gave up their 


458 Appendix 


musquets, and had provisions dealt out to them, from the public stores, 
before they left the camp.—This confirmed their convictions that they 
were right and doing what was lawful. at 

Col. Russel commanded at the execution. The Militia men were brought 
to the place in a large wagon. The military dispositions being made, Col. 
Russell rode up to the wagon and ordered the men to descend. Harris 
was the only one who betrayed feminine weakness. The awfulness of the 
occasion; his wife and nine children; the parting with his son; and the 
fear of a quickly approaching ignominious death! quite overcame him, 
and he sunk in unmanly grief. No feeling of military pride could brace 
him up. 

Col. Russel, doubtless, felt as a man, but he felt also for the pride of 
the army, and desired to animate the men with fortitude. 

“You are about to die, said he, by the sentence of a Court Martial— 
die like men; like soldiers. You have been brave in the field—you have 
fought well—do no discredit to your country, or dishonour to the army, 
or yourselves, by any unmanly fears. Meet your fate with courage.” 

Harris attempted to make some apology for his conduct, but while he 
spoke, he wept bitterly. The fear of death, the idea that he should never 
again behold his wife and little ones, and his son weeping near him, had 
talsen such entire possession of his mind that it was impossible he should 
rally. 

Lewis, the gallant Lewis, said in a clear and manly tone, “ Colonel, 
I have served my country well. I love it dearly, and would, if I could, 
serve it longer and better. I have fought bravely—you know I have, and 
HERE IJ have a right to say so MYSELF. I would not wish to die in this 
way ”—here his voice faltered, and he passed the back of his right hand 
over his eyes—“ I did not expect it: But, I am now as firm as I have been 
in battle, and you shall see that I will die as becomes a soldier, you know 
I ama brave men”. “ Yes, Lewis, said the Colonel, you have always be- 
haved like a brave man”. Other sentences were uttered, other declara- 
tions were made, and words of comfort spoken, but they were lost on me: 
my attention, says an Eye Witness, being chiefly directed to Lewis. 

Six coffins were ranged as directed, and on each of them knelt one of 
our condemned American Militia Men—Such a sight was never seen be- 
fore! I trust to God it never will be seen again! Six soldiers were de- 
tailed and drawn up to fire at each man. What an awful duty! Their 
white caps were drawn over the faces of the unhappy men.—Harris evi- 
dently trembled, and I could almost persuade myself that the heart of 
Lewis was enlarged, and that his bosom rose with manly courage to meet 
death. The fatal word was given and they all fell. 

As we approached the scene of blood and carnage, Lewis gave signs 
of life; the rest were all dead—he crawled upon his coffin. After the 
lapse of a few minutes he said—I give his very words: “ Colonel ”—the 
Colonel was close to him—“ Colonel, I am not killed, but I am sadly cut 
and mangled’. His body was now examined and it was found that but 
four balls had wounded him. “ Colonel”, said he, “ did I behave well ”. 

Yes, Lewis ”’—said the Colonel in the kindest tone of voice—‘ like a 
man”. “ Well sir”, said he, “ have I not atoned for this offence? Shall 


The Coffin Handbill 459 


I not live?” The Colonel was much agitated, and gave orders that the 
Surgeon should, if possible, preserve his life. They did all that skill and 
humanity could do—it was all of no avail. Poor Lewis expressed a great 
desire to live—“ not ”’, said he at one time, “ that I fear death, but I would 
repent me of some sins, and I desire to live yet a little longer in the 
world”. He suffered inconceivable agony, from his wounds, and died on 
the fourth day. 

Many a soldier has wept over his grave. He was a brave man and much 
beloved. He suffered twenty deaths.—I have seen the big drops chase 
each other down his forehead with pain and anguish. There was much 
sensibility and sympathy throughout the camp.—I would not have, un- 
justly and unnecessarily, signed this death warrant for all the wealth of 
all the Indies. The soldiers detailed to shoot Lewis had, from strong feel- 
ings of sympathy, or mistaken humanity failed to shoot him—but four 
balls had entered his body. 

“An Eye Witness” appeals to Col. Russell, who he thinks now lives 
in Alabama, for the perfect truth of this sketch. He does not fear but the 
Colonel will keenly recollect and faithfully depict the horrors of the day 
on which six Americans were shot to death under his command—but not 
by his orders. 

The order bears date the very day after General Jackson returned in 
triumph to New Orleans, and the day before he joyfully went, under 
triumphal arches, to the Temple of the living God; where, says the his- 
torian, “ they crowned their adored General with laurels”. The order for 
the execution of these six unhappy men bears date January 22, 1815. 
His crown of laurels had not yet withered, when blood, the life’s blood 
of his countrymen, of his fellow soldiers, flowed plentifully by his order. 
May that order and its consequences, sink deep into the hearts of the 
American people and steel them against him who had no flesh in his 
obdurate heart; who did not feel for Man; in the midst of Joy and 
Revelry, almost in the more immediate presence of his Creator, who 
issued the fatal order to put his fellow creatures to death, and to make 
their wives and children, widows and orphans. 


MOURNFUL TRAGEDY ; 


Or, the death of Jacob Webb, David Morrow, John Harris, Henry Lewis, David Hunt, 
and Edward Lindsey—six militia men, who were condemned to die, the sentence 
approved by Major General Jackson, and by his order the whole six shot. 

O! pip you hear that plaintive cry 
Borne on the southern breeze? 
Saw you John Harris earnest pray 

For mercy, on his knees? 


Low to the earth he bent, and pray’d 
For pardon from his chief ; 

But to his earnest prayer for life 
Jackson, alas! was deaf. 


“ Spare me ”—he said—“ I mean no wrong, 
“My heart was always true: 

“ First for my county’s cause it beat, 
“ And next, great Chief, for you. 


460 


Appendix 


“ We thought our time of service out— 
“ Thought it our right to go: 

“ We meant to violate no law, 
“ Nor wish’d to shun the foe. 


“ Our officers declared that we 
“Had but three months to stay; 

“We served those three months faithfully, 
“Up to the latest day. 


“ No one suspects intended wrong ; 
“ The judgment only erred: 

“Tn such a case, O noble Chief, 
“Let mercy’s voice be heard. 

“ At home an aged mother waits 

“To clasp her only son; 

“ A wife, and little children—this arm 
“Alone depend upon. 

“ Cut me not off from those dear ties; 

“So soon from life’s young bloom; 

O ’tis a dreadful thing to die, 

“ And moulder in the tomb! 


ce 


iz3 


Sure mercy is a noble gem 

“ On every Chieftain’s brow ; 
More sparkling than a diadem— 
“O exercise it now.—” 


“cc 


*Twas all in vain, John Harris’ pray’r, 
*Tis past the soul’s belief ! 

Hard as the flint was Jackson’s heart; 
He would not grant relief. 


He order’d Harris out to die, 
And five poor fellows more! 
Young, gallant men, in prime of life, 
To welter in their gore!! 


Methinks I hear the muffled drum, 
And see the column move; 

—Lo here they come—how sad their looks: 
Farewell to life and love! 


See six black coffins rang’d along— 
Six graves before them made; 

Webb, Lindsey, Harris, Lewis, Hunt, 
And Morrow kneeled and prayed. 


They kneel’d and pray’d, and tho’t of HoME, 
And all its dear delights, 

The deadly tubes are levell’d now— 
The scene my soul affrights! 


The Coffin Handbill 461 


Sure he will spare! Sure Jackson yet 
Will all reprive but one— 

O hark! those shrieks! that cry of death! 
The deadly deed is done! 


All six militia men were shot; 
And O! it seems to me 

A dreadful deed—a bloody act 
Of needless cruelty. 


II. A short time before the execution of the militia-men, seven regular 
soldiers were shot near Nashville, by a band of regulars scarcely suffi- 
cient to guard the prisoners.—They were confined in a house, and taken 
out and executed one at a time, there being scarcely enough men for the 
purpose of executing and guarding at the sare moment. An eighth sol- 
dier was to have been executed at the same time. He was a young man, 
who had deserted one month before his time had expired. General Jack- 
son doomed him to die with the others. He was saved by a writ of habeas 
corpus from Judge M’Nairy, who fell under Jackson’s displeasure for 
snatching this one victim from his blood-stained hands. If Jackson’s 
army had been at hand, no doubt M’Nairy would have shared the fate of 
Judge Hall and Judge Fromentin. Capital punishments in an army, are 
designed for example as well as for penalty ; but in this case it was a trans- 
action of horror to peaceful citizens: no army was there to witness the 
bloody tragedy. He has ever been a man of “ blood and carnage ”. 

III. Poor Joun Woops; he was a generous hearted, noble fellow as 
ever lived, who had volunteered in the service of his country. He was on 
guard one day at Fort Strother—the officer of the guard had permitted 
him to go to his tent, and snatch a hasty breakfast ; whilst disposing of his 
scanty meal, seated on the ground beside his skillet, an upstart little officer, 
who was not Woods’ equal at home, ordered him to pick up and carry off 
some bones that lay scattered about the place—Woods refused, and the 
little officer attempted to compel him. At this instant, Gen. Jackson, hav- 
ing heard the dispute, came out of his tent, and without knowing any 
thing of the merits of the case, repeatedly vociferated—“ Shoot the 
damn’d rascal!—Shoot the damn’d rascal”. For this offence, the unfor- 
tunate, the gallant Woods, was tried, condemned and shot. Before his 
trial, Gen. Jackson used this language to the court-martial. “ By the im- 
mortal God! if you find him guilty I will not pardon him!” And he kept 
his promise; though he did offer a pardon provided he would enlist in the 
regular service—Thus perished as noble a fellow as ever lived, for as 
trifling an offence as ever took the life of man I! 

IV. On the 27th day of March, 1814, General Jackson had found at an 
Indian village, at the bend of the Tallapousie, about 1000 Indians, with 
their squaws and children, “ running about among their huts ”, ‘The fol- 
lowing is an account of the sanguinary massacre which took place ;—it is 
Gen. Jackson’s own, and therefore must be received as sufficient evidence 
against himself. He says:—‘‘ DETERMINING TO EXTERMINATE them, I 
detached Gen. Coffee with the mounted men, and nearly the whole of the 
Indian force, early on the morning of yesterday, to cross the river about 


462 Appendix 


two miles below the encampment, and to surround the bend in such a 
manner as that none of them should escape by attempting to cross the 
river.” The result he then details:—“ Five hundred and fifty seven were 
left dead on the Peninsula, and a great number of them were killed by the 
horsemen in attempting to cross the river;* it is believed that no more 
than ten escaped.* We * continued * to DESTROY many of them who had 
concealed themselves under the banks of the river, until we were pre- 
vented by the night. THIS MORNING WE KILLED 16 WHICH HAD BEEN 
CONCEALED.” 

We ask you to pause and reflect that the above tragic narration of cold- 
blooded and merciless cruelty, is taken from an official communication 
made by General Andrew Jackson. 

The General, after sleeping (with what composure, we cannot say) 
thro’ the night ensuing the tragedy we speak of, awoke in the morning 
surrounded by the corpses of “ five hundred and seventy” fellow crea- 
tures, to cause, by way of worthy afterpiece, sixteex: others to be dragged 
from their concealments, and put to death in cold blood. We cannot boast 
of more than common sensibility, but we must think that to witness such 
an act, would make ours a little cold also. What are the general’s 
words ?—these: “ this morning we killed sixteen which had been con- 
cealed ”—and the man who acts and speaks thus; who has half as much 
blood upon his conscience, as he has upon his hands,—he, forsooth, is to 
be called the peer and like of Washington, the happy warrior,— 


ins h 
e 
Whom every man at arms could wish to be.”’ 


But it is time to have done with the unpleasant subject. We will ob- 
serve in addition to the details already given, that the village was burnt, 
and several women and children killed. In conclusion, we ask our fellow 
citizens, whether Genl Jackson though he has contributed largely to the 
military reputation of our country, has not done enough to disqualify him, 


in the eyes of the people as virtuous as they are free, for the office he 
seeks at their hands. 


FRANKLIN, TENN., September 10, 1818. 

V. A difference which had been for some months brewing between 
Gen. Jackson and myself, produced on Saturday, the 4th inst. in the town 
of Nashville, the most outrageous affray ever witnessed in a civilized 
country. In communicating the affair to my friends and fellow-citizens, 
I limit myself to the statement of a few leading facts, the truth of which 
I am ready to establish by judicial proofs. 

1. That myself and my brother, Jesse Benton, arriving in Nashville 
on the morning of the affray, and knowing of General Jackson’s threats, 
went and took lodgings in a different house from the one in which he 
staid, on purpose to avoid him. 

2. That the General and some of his friends came [to] the house where 
we had put up, and commenced the attack by levelling a pistol at me, when 


I had no weapon drawn, and advancing upon me at a quick pace, without 
giving me time to draw one. 


The Coffin Handbill 463 


3. That seeing this, my brother fired upon General Jackson, when he 
had got within eight or ten feet of me. 

4. That four other pistols were fired in quick succession; one by Gen- 
eral Jackson at me; two by me at the General; and one by Col. Coffee at 
me. In the course of this firing, General Jackson was brought to the 
ground; but received no hurt. 

5. That daggers were then drawn. Col. Coffee and Mr. Alexander 
Donelson made at me, and gave me five slight wounds. Captain Ham- 
mond and Mr. Stokeley Hays engaged my brother, who being still weak 
from the effect of a severe wound he had lately received in a duel, was not 
able to resist two men. They got him down; and while Capt. Hammond 
beat him on the head to make him lie still, Mr. Hays attempted to stab 
him, and wounded him in both arms, as he lay on his back parrying the 
thrusts with his naked hands. From this situation a generous hearted 
citizen of Nashville, Mr Summer, relieved him. Before he came to the 
ground, my brother clapped a pistol to the breast of Mr. Hays, to blow 
him through, but it missed fire. 

6. My own and my brother’s pistols carried two balls each; for it was 
our intention, if driven to arms, to have no child’s play. The pistols 
fired at me were so near that the blaze of the muzzle of one of them 
burnt the sleeve of my coat, and the other aimed at my head at a little 
more than arms length from it. 

7. Capt. Carroll was to have taken part in the affray, but was absent 
by the permission of General Jackson, as he has proved by the General’s 
certificate, a certificate which reflects I know not whether less honor upon 
the General or upon the Captain. 

8. That this attack was made upon me in the house where the Judge 
of the District, Mr Searcy, had his lodgings! Nor has the civil authority 
yet taken cognizance of this horrible outrage. 

These facts are sufficient to fix the public opinion. For my own part, 
I think it scandalous that such things should take place at any time; but 
particularly so at the present moment, when the public service requires 
the aid of all its citizens—As for the name of courage, God forbid that 
I should ever attempt to gain it by becoming a bully.—Those who know 
me, know full well that I would give a thousand times more for the repu- 
tation of Croghan in defending his post, than I would for the reputation 
of all the duellists and gladiators that ever appeared upon the face of the 
earth. 

Tuomas Hart Benton, Lieut. Col. 39th Infantry. 
And now a member of the Senate of the United States. 


VI. Do not be startled, gentle reader at the picture before you. It is 
all true and every body ought to know it. Gen. Jackson having made an 
assault upon Samuel Jackson, in the streets of Nashville, and the latter 
not being disposed to stand still and be beaten, stooped down for a stone 
to defend himself. While in the act of doing so, Gen. Jackson drew the 
sword from his cane and run it through Samuel Jackson’s body, the sword 
entering his back and coming out of his breast.—For this offence an in- 
dictment was found against Gen. Jackson by a grand jury, upon which he 


464 Appendix 


was subsequently arraigned and tried. But finding means to persuade the 
petit jury that he committed the act in self- defence, he was acquitted. 
Gentle reader, it is for you to say, whether this man, who carries a 
sword cane, and is willing to run it through the body of any one who may 
presume to stand in his way, is a fit person to be our President. 

VII. Gen. Jackson, detailing his progress among the Indians, in the 
course of which, men, WOMEN and CHILDREN, were indiscriminately “ ex- 
terminated ”’, their towns burnt and their country laid waste, with the 
utmost complacency and sang froid, says, in his letter dated, “ Camp 
before St. Marks, April 9, 1818 ”’—“‘ Capt. M’Ever having hoisted En- 
glish colours on board of his boats, Francis the Prophet, Hocomochemut- 
cho and two others, were decoyed on board. These have been hung to- 
day!’’ Reader, mark the perfect indifference with which Gen. Jackson 
shoots, hangs or stabs his fellow beings, with or without trial, and the 
more than callous, aye, even exulting composure, with which he details 
his horrid and bloody deeds! If the Indians, according to the customs 
of their nation, put to death a prisoner, all the feelings of our nature rise 
into indignation against them. With what feelings then should we con- 
template the decoying and the cold-blooded murder of prisoners by a 
civilized man in the face of the laws and customs of his country! 


\s » 


DATE DUE 


(i) 


TM 


6 


ST. MARY'S UN 


NNN 


ae 0) 


gare 


E 
(382. Jackson 
| J115 Correspondence of Andre 


Jackson 


_ 8ST, MARY'S UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 


CART ARKRTTCNATTCRX TOV AQ’ 


bag 
B+ BBS ct te Hee 


a ey 
/ 2 
iy 
ey 


Demet 
et a eit 


hae 


ea *, 
4 oe 
on a0, 


* we 


Sfey 
he. 


0 a ee eS 


pat tat 
SA. oe ie 
mi on 


enenees : Coie tes a « e cial 
+ Poe > : 

Ra 

yout i rahe 


