LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 


D0DDS117flDA 


0    «    •    » 


.V 


'     .-N 


0" 


> 


V^' 


^s.^^^ 
S^^-. 


,0^ 


J5 


*^     "V.     '^^il,*/     .■«''    v^ 


'T'^ 


4  q. 


,0 


ot 


■V 


<^.. 


4  o 


■'  V 


J: 


^^ 


A 


.<>■ 


\ 


^, 


'^. 


c3  ^r. 


^' 


^^0^ 


.^ 


.-^q. 


V 


v\^ 


v.>-. 


f5>^      *  e  .<  0 


"oV 


-n-o^ 


»    »   "  «VJ 


<>.      *  «  i  o  '         <S^ 


^'/•-  ^V^ 


■Xjj2 


.^' 


.  '     "to. 

7\  ^  f^vfi.  (5^ 


> 


v^o^     ^^-: 

O  > 

A  o^       \.^- ,  ,. 

.0  -- 

>  "c- •T'^iC-' 

.0^' 

"<^  *  • '  - ' 

►^ 

s  '  '  o,         o^ 

■m  \v^ 

:^«         ,^V'=^, 

N°-*., 


TXriTXX 


EDWARD  POLLOCK'S  COMPLIMENTS 


PREFACE. 


fX  presenting  tJiisi  voliiuic  to  the  public,  the  Publishers  are  fully  con- 
scious of  its  many  short-comings.     It  possesses,  hozoe^'er,  one  deeideil 
tnerit,  nauu'ly  :   its  fidelity  to  fact. 

The  object  of  the  loork  is  to  present  to  the  outside  loorld  a  fray^mentary 

•Hirrative  of  such  events  as,  from  time  to  time,    hare  concurred  i)i  framing 

■'■•hbitro's  social,  political  and  commercial  history  ;  setn'ng  fjrth  those 

"''■■r  adi'antages  wh-eh  s/ie  no:o  offers  to  those  leho  have  either  capital 
^  ■•..»/■.'."  ;.•■  invest,  ami  eorroboratiny  its  statements  ivit/i  statistics  taken 
jr-::   .'■.  :>:::  .     '  records. 

.;  •  .  /.  ."  ,■  ;■,  l-ite  rears,  has  becomr  the  custom  op  "  booming"  certain 
localiin.  .  .'./'  /  '  ■.'  re  al'eged  local  historians — loith  a  single  eye  to  tlie  salt 
of  their  litt,  .-'-y  \  p:\a)  colons  by  means  (f  gmtifyiiig  the  vairty  of  tlieir 
subseribeis  at  ',  ..i/v.-.vc  :■''  their  oion  leiacit] — that  the  Publishers  of 
this  Sketch  Book  h.r\- d.e'-ud i:  -iser,  and  better  calculated  to  promote  the 
public  good,  to  suppri^:-  ■ ',  '  jivn  "  cacoethes  scribendi,"  and  to  rely, 
rather,  upon  the  disi'iteresh  '  opinions  of  recogni::ed  aiit/iorities,  ivho  have 
had  occasion,  in  their  official  capacities  or  othenoise,  to  treat  heretofore  of 
the  same  subjects. 

The  following  pages  will  tliereforc  be  found  to  contain  many  quotations 
and  extracts,  which  the  Publishers  have  been  at  much  pains  to  collect  and 
compile,  and  which  they  believe  zvill  prove  alike  interesting  to  the  reader 
and  7'aluable  to  t/ie  community. 

To  all  those  wJio  have  kindly  rendered  their  assistance — zvhether  in  the 
form  of  counsel,  encouragement  or  material  support — the  Publishers  beg  to 
tender  their  sincere  thanks. 

Lynxhburg,  Va..  May  1st,  lSb7. 


iji  '»;■>    ^  .  ',61  • '  -  "f,  |V|  •  '1 


^  v*  -'i 


^X^^Mi 


iMtiltiilJa&kji 


Sketch  Book 


.ie 


-OF 


LYNCHBURG,  VA 


ITS- 


PEOPLE  AND  ITS  TRADE. 


ILLUSTRATED. 


PUBLISHED    BY 


KDWARD  l^OLLOCK  and  S.   C.  JUDSON. 


EDWARD  POLLOCK,  Compiler  and  Editor. 


LYNCHBURG,  VA.  : 
Pkintkd  hy  The  Virginian  Job  Printino  House, 

18«7. 


C 


Entered  according  to  Act  of  Congress,  in  tho  ■  ■  ir  1*-  -7. 

By  EDWARD  POLLOCK,  PoRTsyrnTH.  »  >  . 

In  the  olTice  of  the  Librarian  of  Congros.         vVi.s„  =  !  ^i.  ;i.  D.  C. 


,  <?  p  7 


LYNCHBURG 

-Ma  8  B  7ji^ 

DESCRIPTIVE. 


INTRODUCTORY. 

^^  YNCHBURG,  the  principal  inland  City  of  \'irL,nnia,  lies  on  tlie 
■J  '-•>  northern  boundarj'  of  Campbell  County,  being  situated  on  the 
Tr^-  south  bank  of  the  James  River,  about  one  hundred  and  twenty 
miles  above  the  head  of  tide-water  navigation  at  Richmond,  and  two 
hundred  and  fifty  miles  above  the  point  at  which  this  noble  and  ma- 
jestic stream  empties  its  waters  into  Hampton  Roads,  at  the  mouth  of 
Cliesapeake  Bay.  The  Cit\'  is  exactly  midway  between  the  magnifi- 
cent harbor  of  Norfolk  and  Portsmouth — unequalled  on  the  Atlantic 
seaboard — and  the  Tennessee  boundary  line  at  ]^ristol,  from  each  of 
which  points  it  is  distant  two  hundred  and  four  miles  b\'  the  Norfolk 
S:  Western  Railroad. 

Like  the  Eternal  City.  Lynchburg  stands  upon  se\en  liills,  which 
give  it  a  highly  picturesque  appearance,  besides  affording  it  abundant 
facilities  for  perfect  drainage.  From  the  bold  and  irregular  character 
of  its  foundations  it  derives  its  sobriquet,  "  The  Hill  City."  It  is  also 
known  as  "The  Tobacco  Cit}',"  from  the  fact  of  its  central  position  in 
the  district  chiefly  devoted  to  the  production  of  the  best  grades  of  this 
"  bewitching  vegetable,"  which  forms  its  principal  article  of  conmiercc 
and  manufacture.  It  is  copiously  supplied  with  water  by  large  reser- 
voirs, as  well  as  b}'  numerous  bold  springs.  Pure  soft  w  ater  is  also  easily 
procurable  by  wells  of  moderate  depth.      The  City  is  lighted  through- 


O  SKElCIl     [!(30K    OF    LVNCII  I!LR( ..    VA.  ; 

out  by  cicctricit)-,  dnd  the  ''  Gamewcll  "  I-"ire  Alarm  and  Southern  Hell 
lelephone  systL-nis  are  in  use.  The  ])rincij)al  streets  aie  well  pa\ed 
with  i^ianite  blocks,  and  a  line  of  street  cars  almost  encircles  the  busi- 
ness portion  of  the  Cit\-,  and  extends  a  mile  beyond  its  southwestern 
limits,  to  the  I'air  Groumls.  This  line  is  now  loeing  len,<;tiiened,  and, 
w  hen  fim'shed,  will  form  a  complete  circuit,  passing  within  easy  reach 
ot  all  the  principal  thoroughfares  in  the  City  and  suburbs. 

The  numerous  handsome  factories  and  stores,  mills  and  warehouses, 
ciiurches  and  public  buildings,  give  to  tiie  City  a  business-like  and 
substantial  aspect,  while  the  many  graceful  residences  which  crown 
the  hills  and  adorn  the  numberless  eligible  sites  in  the  City  and  its 
suburbs,  bespeak  alike  the  wealth  and  refined  taste  of  the  population 
generally. 

SCKXF.RY. 
The  surroundings  of  Lynchburg  are  peculiarly  romantic  and  beau- 
tiful. To  the  South  and  l^^ast,  far  as  the  eye  can  reacli,  the  landscape 
may  be  described  as  irregularly  undulating,  \aried  liere  and  there  bv 
gently  sloping  hills  and  fertile  \a!es,  and  relie\'ed  by  an  occasional 
remnant  of  pruiieval  forest.  On  the  Northeast,  the  view  is  bounded 
b)'  the  bluff-,  or  "  Heights"  of  the  neighboring  County  of  Amherst, 
past  whose  feet  the  broad  and  rapid  James,  s[)anned  at  and  near  this 
point  by  se\eral  dams  and  bridges,  hastens  with  its  message  of  greet- 
ing from  the  mountain .  to  the  sea.  To  the  northward,  at  a  distance 
of  about  twent}'  miles  to  their  base,  the  I^lue  Ridge  !\h)untains  rise  in 
gentle  grandeur  and  in  varying  height,  visible,  in  clear  weather,  for 
se\-enty-five  miles  along  the  range,  and  culminating,  at  their  south- 
western extremity,  in  the  far  famed  Peaks  of  Otter,  towering  skyward 
in  their  matchless  stateliness  and  symmetr}'. 

I X  L)  U  ST  R I A  L  A  D  V  A  NT  A  G  KS . 

The  geographical  [position  of  the  City  is  such  as  to  give  it  extra- 
ordinary manufacturing  an<i  commercial  advantages.  Three  great 
railroad  lines,  ha\iiig  connections  which  afford  easy  and  direct  access 
to  e\ery  section  of  the  United  .States,  intersect  here;  while  other 
roads,  of  a  moie  local  character,  \/ill  short!\-  malce  this  their  terminus. 

W  ith  a  water  power  capable  of  meeting  an\'  jiossible  requirement, 
the  City  offers  special  inducements  to  the  investment  of  brains  and 
capital  in  various  kinds  of  industrial  enterprise. 


IT,--    PEOPLE    AND    PIS    TRADE.  7 

The  development  of  the  vast  mineral  wealth  of  the  neighboring  ter- 
ritory is  as  }'ct  in  its  infancy,  but  it  is  already  known  to  be  practicall)' 
inexhaustible.  Coal  of  the  best  qualit)-  is  also  abundant  and  cheap, 
while  the  products  of  the  farm  and  forest  are  rich,  plentiful  and  varied. 

CLIMATE. 

The  topograph}'  of  the  Cit\'  and  surrounding  cou.itry,  its  elevation 
above  the  sea — over  500  feet  on  the  river  bank- — and  the  purity  of 
its  atmosphere,  make  this  climate  singularly  health)',  and  especially 
beneficial  to  invalids.  There  are  no  marshes  or  stagnant  pools,  and 
the  neighborhood  is  entire]}'  free  from  malarial  disorders.  The  win- 
ters are  short  and  mild,  seldom  of  more  than  three  months'  duration, 
and  arc  generally  dry  and  pleasant.  Snow  seldom  lies  here  longer 
than  a  few  days,  and  there  is  but  little  interruption  to  agricultural 
pursuits  during  the  entire  winter.  The  heat  of  summer,  which  is 
nexer  extreme,  is  tempered  by  the  delicious  southwest  breezes  and 
the  cool  sweet  air  from  the  neighboring  mountains.  The  nights  are 
alwa^'s  balmx'  and  refreshing,  and  the  days  rarelv  oppressive. 

During  the  summer  months,  near  the  eastern  base  of  the  Blue 
Ridge  Mountains,  there  are  more  frequent  showers  than  in  any  other 
part  of  Virginia.  The  explanation  of  this  is  to  be  found  in  the  fact 
that  the  pre\-ailing  wind  at  that  season  comes  direct  from  the  sea, 
and  its  moisture,  when  driven  against  the  mountain  barrier,  meets  with 
a  colder  stratum  of  air  and  becomes  condensed,  thus  producing  the 
welcome  showers  which  refresh  and  invigorate  the  growing  crops, 
while  in  less  fa\ored  sections  the  ground  remains  parched  and  dry. 

The  mean  temperature  of  Piedmont  \"irginia,  which,  as  its  name 
implies,  lies  at  the  foot  of  the  Blue  Ridge  Mountains,  and  near  the 
centre  of  which  the  Cit}'  of  L}'nchburg  is  situated,  is  stated  by  Col. 
Randolph  Harrison,  Commissioner  of  Agriculture,  in  his  Hand  Book  of 
Virginia,  published  last  \-ear  (1886),  to  be  as  follows :  annual,  53/; 
winter;  44;  summer,  78;  while  the  rainfall  is  placed  at  "32  to  44 
inches."  In  reference  to  this  Di\ision  of  the  State,  Col.  Harrison 
writes  :  "For  beauty  of  landscape,  \ariety  of  scener\-.  native  ferti!it\-  of 
soil,  water  courses  contributing  to  practical  benefit  as  well  as  to  beauty 
of  scenery,  this  section  is  surpassed  by  few,  if  any,  other  sections  in 
the  United  States." 

And   Dr.  Ellzey,    of  Washington,  D.  C. ,  in    an   Address  before  the 


8  sKK.rcn    [!()i)K  OF  lvn(:hi?[."kg,  v.\.  ; 

SoutJicrn  Associatioi,  says:  "In  its  plu'sica!  features,  picturesque  and 
lovely  to  an  unusual  degree;  in  climate,  temperate  and  healthful,  in 
the  abundance  and  \ariety  of  its  productions,  unsurpassed;  in  all 
that  makes  life  desirable  and  home  what  it  should  be,  there  is  no 
place  in  this  world  which  surpasses  Piedinont  Virginia — there  are 
very  few  which  come  near  it." 

AGRICULTURE. 

The  greater  part  of  Campbell  County,  however,  belongs,  from  a 
geological  standpoint,  to  that  one  of  the  "  Grand  Di\isions  '"  of  the 
State  known  as  "  Middle  X'irginia;  "  and  of  this  Col.  Harrison  writes, 
as  follows  : 

"  Here  is  the  great  tobacco  region  of  Virginia — the  lands  of  the 
upper  and  lower  Jurassic  period  or  new  red  sandstone  being  especially 
adapted  to  the  finer  qualities.  The  formation  is  identical  with  that  of 
Lancaster  County,  Pa.  and  the  lower  Connecticut  V^alley.  where  the 
cultivation  of  seed  leaf  tobacco  has  enriched  the  community  to  an  al- 
most incredible  degree. 

"Middle  Virginia  is  an  undulating  country — hills,  table-lands  and 
intervales — living  springs  and  never-failing  water  courses  evervwhere. 
The  soils  vary  greatly — the  bottom-lands  generally  very  fertile,  and 
the  up-lands  are  often  very  productive,  especially  when  the  rocks  con- 
tain epidote  and  s  )me  varieties  of  horn  blende. 

"  The  productions  of  this  region  are  varied.  Tobacco  has  been 
mentioned  as  the  staple  of  a  large  part  of  this  Division  of  the  State,  but 
its  rultivation  is  by  no  means  universal — in  many  counties  it  is  not 
grown  at  all.  Everywhere  the  cereals  and  fruits  of  temperate  climates, 
notably  the  apple  and  grape,  grow  in  perfection  ;  and  while  we  have 
not  yet  reached  the  grazing  sections  proper,  we  find  clover,  timothy, 
orchard  and  other  gra.sses  growing  here  and  there  in  great  lu.xuriance  ; 
and  they  show  a  natural  adaptation  to  grass,  which,  however,  so  far 
from  having  been  encouraged,  has  persistently  been  thwarted — fought 
against — from  the  first  settlement  of  the  country  until  recently. 
'  killing  grass  '  has  been  the  object  kept  steadily  in  view  in  growing 
tobacco  and  Indian  corn,  and,  with  the  large  force  of  slaves  inhabiting 
this  region,  was  so  effectually  done,  that  it  came  to  be  believed  by 
many  that  the  valuable  forage  and  pasture  grasses  would  not  grow 
here,  despite  the  fact  that  '  blue  grass  ' — poa  com[)ressa(the  true  '  blue 
grass  '  ) — the  identical  grass  which  is  so  highly  valued  in  Fauquier  and 
Loudoun  f  )r  making  fat  pastures — is  the  grass  which  has  given  the 
planters  most  trouble  to  keep  under ;  which  has  made  such  a  struggle 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  9 

for  existence  that  it  has  never  been  extirpated  in  this  region  ;  but, 
where  it  has  half  an  opportunity,  will  assert  its  rights  and  will  take 
possession  of  the  land,  crowding  out  wheat,  or  whatever  may,  at  the 
time,  be  in  occupancy. 

"Clover  has  long  been  successfully  grown  here;  and  the  idea  that 
timothy,  orchard,  etc.,  would  not  succeed,  has  been  disproved  by  the 
logic  of  facts.  There  is  scarcely  a  county  in  this  region  in  which  there 
are  not  meadows  that  would  compare  favorably  with  the  best  any- 
where; few  though  they  be,  they  demonstrate  the  possibility.      The 


V-A^         -<•    *■ 


-^^:.^w. 


■■"-Mfea*,**,^^^ 


---=Ui'&^-.^ 


SIXTH  STllEET  BRIDGE  AND  UNION  DEPOT. 
(from  black  water  creek.) 

renovation  of  this  healthful  and  most  improvable  region  will  be 
brought  about  by  clothing  a  large  portion  of  the  country  with^meadow 
and  pasture  grasses. " 


FOREST  GROWTH. 

"The  'Sylva'  gradually  changes  as  we  ascend  from  the  Tidewater 
Division  to  Piedmont.  The  cypress  disappears,  the  long-leaf  pine 
ceases  to  grow  after  the  first  tier  of  counties  is  passed,  and  the  cedar 


]0  S'KETCIJ    nOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

and  holly,  the  gum  and  willow  oak,  become  more  and  more  infrequent. 
The  short-leaf,  or  hard  yellow  pine,  fm-nishes  its  valuable  timber  in 
every  y^art  of  Middle  Virginia,  but  does  not  take  exclusive  possession 
of  large  tracts  of  land  as  in  Tidewater,  except  where  it  is  found  as 
'second  growth'  on  lands  which  have  been  cultivated  and  then  turned 
out  to  grow  up  again.  There  it  takes  the  place  of  the  genuine  *  lob- 
lolly,' or  old  field  pine  of  Tidewater — the  long-leaf  variety — the  '  pinus 
taeda'  of  botanists.  In  the  forests  of  Middle  Virginia  the  pine  (short- 
leaf,  )-ellow  and  two  other  varieties  too  rare  to  deserve  a  description) 
grows  along  with  the  various  oaks,  the  tulip  tree,  hickory,  walnut, 
locust,  maple,  ash  and  other  timber  of  minor  importance  ;  and,  on  the 
streams,  sycamore,  beech,  birch,  willow  and  maple.  At  some  distance 
from  the  mountains  we  again  find  chestnut  in  large  quantities.  In 
fine,  the  forest  growth  of  this  section  is  of  singular  variety,  beauty  and 
value." 

MINERALS. 

"The  mineral  resources  of  this  region  are  very  great.  Besides  the 
coal  of  the  mesozoic  areas  of  Richmond  and  Farmville,  this  country 
yields  go'd,  silver,  copper  and  iron  ores  in  great  variety  and  abund- 
ance, and,  for  architectural  purposes,  fine  gray  granite,  gneiss,  and 
brown  stone,  Potomac  or  brecciatcd  marble,  and  the  finest  slate  for 
roofing  purposes;  also  mica,  kaolin  and  asbestos  and  limestone. 


"The  veins  of  iron  ore  are  numerous,  some  of  the  magnetic  ores 
having  a  thickness  of  four  feet ;  the  beds  of  hematite  ore,  particularly 
those  upon  either  border  of  the  belt,  as  along  James  river,  where  it 
runs  oarallel  with  it,  and  in  the  'Wilderness,'  near  the  Rappahannock, 
are  very  thick  and  extensive.  The  first  succes.sful  furnaces  in 
America,  those  of  the  colonial  Governor  Spotswood,  were  supplied 
from  the  latter  beds. 

"There  are  also  large  beds  of  this  ore  where  the  Chesapeake  and 
Ohio  railway  crosses  the  belt.  In  this  vicinity  the  valuable  sulphurets 
of  iron  and'  copper  are  found,  and  there  will  soon  be  large  sulphuric 
acid  works  and  a  manufactory  of  fertilizers  here,  turning  out  copper 
and  iron  as  by-products. 

"The  slates  of  the  middle  country  are  excellent  for  all  purposes, 
notably  those  of  l^uckingham  and  Amher.st  counties.  In  Buckingham 
they  have  been  long  and  extensively  quarried  for  roofing,  flagging, 
mantles,  &c.  The  sandstone  of  the  imposed  '  middle  secondary  ' 
are  valuable  for  building  purposes,  as  are  also  the  '  brownstones  '  of 
the  red  sandstone,  which  are  extensively  quarried  at  Manassas.  The 
infusorial  earth,  so  abundant  in  Richmond,  is  valuable  as  a  poHshing 
material." 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE.  li 

RAILROADS, 

''This  country  is  favored  in  respect  of  means  of  transportation, 
railroads  penetrating  it  in  every  direction  The  great  '  Coast  Line," 
which  passes  through  the  State  from  Washington  to  Weldon  close  to 
the  divide  between  Middle  Virginia  and  Tidewater,  almost  on  the  line 
between  the  archsean  and  the  tertiary  formations — sometimes  in  one 
and  sometimes  in  the  other — belongs  equally  to  both.  From  Wash- 
ington and  Alexandria  ray  out  the  Washington,  Ohio  &  Western,  and 
the  Virginia  Midland,  with  its  various  branches  ;  from  Fredericksburg, 
the  narrow  gauge  to  Orange  C.  H.;  from  Richmond,  the  Chesapeake 
&  Ohio  stretches  out  throngh  Henrico,  Hanover  and  Louisa  into  Pied- 
mont, and  thence  to  the  Ohio  and  beyond ;  and  the  Alleghany,  along 
the  beautiful  valley  of  James  River  through  Middle  Virginia  into  Pied- 
mont and  Appalachia.  The  Richmond  &  Danville  road  penetrates 
this  part  of  Virginia  for  a  hundred  and  fifty  miles  before  passing  into 
North  Carolina,  and  sends  out  a  branch  at  Keysville  and  another  at 
Sutherlin.  The  Brighthope  road  from  Bermuda  Hundred  taps  the 
coal  region  at  Clover  Hill,  twenty-odd  miles  away.  At  Petersburg, 
the  Norfolk  &  Western  road  passes  from  Tidewater  into  Middle 
Virginia,  and,  after  a  course  of  more  than  a  hundred  and  tv/enty  miles 
in  this  Division, strikes  out  Southwest  through  Piedmont  and  the  Valley 
to  the  Tennessee  line  at  Bristol.  The  Atlantic  &  Danville  is  in  course 
of  construction  from  the  point  to  which  it  is  now  completed.  Hicks- 
ford,  in  Green.sville  County,  to  Danville  and  beyond  ;  and  the  Southern 
link  of  the  Virginia  Midland  extends  from  Lynchburg  to  Danville,  with 
a  branch  from  Elba  Station  into  Franklin  county.  All  these  roads 
intersect  this  Division  of  Virginia,  and  there  are  others  projected,  and 
probably  soon  to  be  built." 

HYGIENE. 

"  Except  in  limited  localities,  in  and  near  certain  water  courses, 
where  malarial  diseases  prevail  to  some  extent,  this  is  an  exceptionally 
healthy  region,  perhaps  as  favorable  to  longevity  as  any  part  of 
America — we  might  almost  say,  of  the  ivorld.'' 

To  this  official  statement  may  be  added  the  singular  and  important 
fact  that  on  no  single  occasion  has  infectious  or  contagious  disease  of 
any  kind  ever  gained  a  foothold  or  assumed  an  epidemic  form  in  the 
City  of  Lynchburg.  Sporadic  cases  have  of  course  appeared,  from 
time  to  time,  but  they  have  never  been  known  to  spread  here.  Indeed 
it  would  seem  that  the  climate  of  this  favored  region  is  fatal  to  nothing 
save  only  disease  and  pestilence,  while  to  all  else  its  effects  are  emi- 
nently stimulating  and  wholesome. 


12  SKETCH    BO;>K    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA.  ; 

THE  BLUE  RIUGE  REGION. 

As  Lynchburg  lies  within  twenty  miles  of  the  base  of  the  Blue 
Ridge  Mountains  proper,  and  upon  the  plateau  known  cs  the  "sub 
range"  at  an  average  elevation  of  700  feet,  or  thereabouts,  above  the 
tidewater  level,  the  following  information  with  regard  to  the  sanatory 
properties  of  this  climate  will  doubtless  prove  of  interest  to  the  reader 

Major  Jed.  Hotchkiss,  in   The  Virginias,  ]\\\\q^  1884,  says: 

"We  would  call  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  Blue  Ridge  region  in 
Virginia  is,  as  can  be  proven  by  the  testimony  of  consumptives  fully 
restored  to  health,  the  best  Sanitarium  in  the  United  States  east  of  the 
Mississippi.  The  sheltered  eastern  slopes  of  the  long  stretch  of  that 
mountain  range  in  Virginia,  above  the  line  of  1,000  feet  of  elevation 
above  the  ocean  level  and  under  that  of  2,500.  cffers  hundreds  of 
localities  for  health  resorts  for  people  afflicted  with  pulmonary  dis- 
eases, that  surpass  any  other  that  we  know  of  or  have  read  of.  Dur- 
ing the  past  thirty-six  years  the  writer  has  frequently  recommended 
this  region  to  persons  having  such  diseases,  and  in  every  case  where 
the  advice  was  followed,  a  restoration  to  health  has  resulted.  If  any- 
one is  sceptical  about  the  efficacy  of  the  Blue  Ridge  air,  water  and 
exercises,  as  remedial  agents  for  lung  troubles,  let  him  spend  a  few 
months  at  some  point  in  this  belt,  and  we  will  make  him  the  referee 
lo  sustain  the  opinion  here  advanced.  A  ycung  man  from  Vermont, 
a  victim  of  this  especially  fearful  New  England  disease,  took  his  advice 
and  spent  the  winter  of  1882-83  there,  and  went  away  with  restored 
health  that  still  continues.      We  could  name  other  cases. 

"  About  the  best  such  people  could  do  would  be  to  buy  a  few  acres 
of  the  Sunward  dry  air  slope  of  the  Blue  Ridge  in  Virginia,  and  busy 
themselves  raising  grapes  and  other  fruits  while  inhaling  health  and 
strength.  There  are  at  least  200,000  acres  of  such  .sanitary  country 
for  occupation,  room  for  20,000  people  with  ten  acres  for  each,  and 
none  of  it  remote  from  railways  or  markets;  and  here,  too,  is  the 
region  for  building  up  extensive  establishments  for  health  and  pleasure 
that  willhave  a  large  all-the-year-round  patronage." 

General  McDonald,  editor  of  the  Industrial  South,  referring  to  the 
above,  says : 

"  \\q  may  say  that  we  have  some  personal  knowledge  of  the 
particular  locality  mentioned,  and  from  our  own  observation  are  quite 
inclined  to  acquiesce  in  the  opinion  of  Major  Hotchkiss.  Among 
others  whom  we  met  at  Afton  (in  this  belt)  was  a  very  intelligent  and 
pleasant  gentleman  in  the  government  service  at  Washington,  from 
whom  we  learned  that,  being  subject  to  rhuematism,  he  thought  it 
well,  before  determining  where  he  would  spend  his  summer  vacation, 
to  consult  the  Signal  Bureau — the  desideratum  being  a  dry  atmos- 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  13 

phcre.  The  officers  examined  their  records,  and  reported  to  him 
that  the  dryest  mountain  atmosphere  of  which  they  had  knowledge 
was  at  a  place  on  the  Blue  Ridge  called  Afton — of  which  he  had 
never  before  heard — and  his  experience  had  attested  the  correctness 
•of  the  advice  that  sent  him  there.  So  dry  is  the  atmosphere  that  a 
newspaper  spread  on  the  grass  at  night  shows  no  sign  of  moisture 
next  morning,  although  the  night  is  much  cooler  than  the  day/" 

PUBLIC  IMPROVEMENTS. 
The  reports  of  the  Standing  Committees  of  the  City   Council   for 


FIREMEN'S  MEMORIAL  FOUNTAIN. 

(ON   CnURCH    STREET,    AT    FOOT   OF   COURT   HOUSE    DILL.) 


the  fiscal  years  ending  P^ebruary  ist,  1884,  1885,  1886  and  1887,  re- 
spectively, furnish  some  very  interesting  matter  relative  to  the  various 
departments  of  the  Municipal  Government.  It  will  be  seen  at  a  glance 
that  the  City  Fathers  are  fully  alive  to  the  wisdom,  if  not  the  necessity, 
of  a  liberal  and  progressive  policy  as  regards  public  improvements  of 
all  kinds,  while  a  closer  examination  will  disclose  the  fact  that  the 
bonded  debt  of  the  City — always  within  the  limits  permitted  by  the 


14  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

charter — has  increased  but  Httle,  comparatively  speaking,  despite  the 
large  outlay  necessitated  by  the  grand  results. 

The  following  is  from  the  Report  of  the  Finance  Committee  for 
the  year  ending  February  ist,  1<S84: 

"  The  Water  Works,  with  its  ponderous  nmchinery,  lifting  water 
^50  feet,  has  supplied  the  whole  City  with  water.  The  truss,  convey- 
ing water  across  Blackwater  Creek,  was  erected  at  great  cost,  and  your 
Reservoir  on  Clay  Street  stands  as  sponsor  for  $50,000  well  spent. 

"  Then,  too,  you  no  longer  wait  for  the  application  of  human  muscle 
to  the  Court  House  bell  to  give  the  alarm  of  that  dreaded  element, 
fire.  Electricity  holds  the  hammer  in  check,  ever  ready  to  respond  to 
a  simple  touch  given  to  a  wire  in  any  quarter  of  the  City.  You  have, 
in  a  word,  organized  (through  the  zeal  and  public  spirit  of  the  able 
gentlemen  composing  the  Board  of  Fire  Commissioners)  a  Department 
second  to  that  of  no  city  in  America.  You  have  improved  your  pub- 
lic buildings,  adding  to  some  here  and  erecting  new  ones  there — nota- 
bly your  fire  stations  and  improvement  to  the  Court  House,  Jail  and 
Alms  House.  The  avenues  of  approach  to  the  City  have  not  been 
neglected,  as  can  be  seen  by  a  passing  glance  at  Grace  Street  and  its 
continuation  ;  Cabell  Street,  too,  and  then  others  still  in  contemplation. 
The  sewers  of  the  City,  too,  have  not  been  overlooked  ;  much  money 
not  appropriated  in  the  annual  ordinance  was  expended  for  sewerage, 
in  order  to  preserve  the  health  of  your  constituents.  So  far,  then, 
have  you  gone  in  the  way  of  public  improvements,  and  there  is,  so  far 
as  your  Committee  is  advised,  but  one  verdict ;  certainly  there  is  no 
complaint  because  it  has  been  done.  It  is  true  some  adverse  criticism 
attended  the  organization  of  the  Fire  Department  and  the  construction 
of  the  fire  alarm  telegraph.  Subsequent  events  have  hushed  this,  and 
the  wisdom  of  your  action  can  no  longer  be  questioned. 

*  :):  *  =i'  *  *  * 

"Your  Charter  permits  you  to  issue  bonds  to  an  amount  equal  to 
eighteen  per  cent,  of  the  real  and  personal  property — taxable  values — 
of  the  City.  In  comparing  \'our  debt  with  that  of  other  Virginia 
cities  of  last  year,  we  find — 

The  debt  of  Alexandria  was  23  per  cent,  of  its  taxable  values. 

Danville         "19  "  "  "  " 

Norfolk  "     17 

'*  "        Petersburg    "     12)^     "  " 

"  "        Richmond      "12  "  " 

"  "        L\'nchburg    "11  "  " 

*  *  *  ^  *  :{;  * 

"  It  is  proper  to  state  that  the  City  has  not  a  dollar  of  floating  debt." 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


15 


F'rom  the  Report  of  the  City  Engineer: 

"Within  a  few  past  years  a  wonderful  chans^e  has  been  wrought 
in  the  character  and  efficiency  of  the  water  works;  a  new  pump 
house  has  been  erected,  three  powerful  water  engines  are  in  position, 
a  new  reservoir  nearly  completed,  and  the  distributive  pipe  system  ex- 
tended in  different  directions — probably  a  little  beyond  the  limit  of  a 
prudential  consideration.  An  appreciative  public  has  not  failed  to 
commend  such  successful  efforts,  and  will  continue  to  do  so  as  long 
as  we  can  revel  in  the  enjoyment  of  an  abundant  water  supply  for  do- 
mestic purposes,  for  gushing  fountains,  and  other  privileges,  even  the 
use  of  water  for  motive  power. 


RUINS  OF  THE  OLD  QUAKER  MEETING  HOUSE. 

(on    SALEM   TURNPIKE.) 

"  The  Street  Department  has  exhibited  remarkable  activity  during 
the  past  year,  and  more  permanent  works  have  been  executed  than 
during  any  preceding  year  since  the  incorporation  of  the  City." 

From  the  Report  of  the  Committee  on  Water: 

"The  Committee  has  the  most  gratifying  announcement  to  make 
to  the  City  Council  that  the  water  has  not  been  turned  off  the  city 
for  a  single  hour  during  the  past  year.  Occasional  repairs  in  different 
sections  of  the  corporation  have  caused  a  suspension,  for  a  few  hours, 
of  the  supply,  but  the  quantity  in  storage  has  been  ample  for  all  the 
needs  of  the  consumers  for  nearly  two  years,  or  since  March  3, 
1882." 


l6  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA. ; 

JOSEPH  COHN, 


LYNCHBURG'S  LEADING  AND  ONLY 


One-Price  Clothier,  Tailor,  Furnisto  aod  Hatter. 


IMPRESS  THESE  FACTS  ON  YOUR  iVilND  : 

[offer  you  the  Largest  Stocl'  in  tlie  State  to  select  from. 

I  name  the  Lowest  Prices,  and  have  hut  One-Price  for 
Mveryhocly. 

Specialist  in  Fine  Clothiny  for  Men,  Youths,  Boys  and 
Children. 

Sole  agent  for  this  city  of  Juiox'  World- Eenowned  Derby 
and  Silk  Hats. 

824,  826  and  828  Main  Street, 

LYNCHBURG,      -      VIRGINIA. 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE. 


17 


From  the  Report  of  the  Committee  on  Fire: 

''An  entire  reorganization  of  the  Fire  Department  has  taken  place 
during  the  last  twelve  months,  and  instead  of  a  volunteer,  a  paid  or- 
ganization has  been  established,  and  the  cost  of  maintaining  the  latter 
has  increased  immensely  ;  but  the  greater  efficiency  is  thought  to  be 
commensurate  with  the  expense.  March  the  16,  1883,  an  ordinance 
was  passed,  appointing  three  Fire  Commissioners,  one  from  each 
ward,    whose  duty  it   was  to  organize  a  paid   department ;    and   the 


MR.  JOSEPH  COHN'S  CLOTHING  ESTABLISHMENT. 
(corner  of  main  and  ninth  streets.) 


manner  and  means  adopted  by  that  Commission,  and  the  abundant  suc- 
cess which  has  crowned  its  efforts,  has  been  attested  by  all  who  passed 
through  the  trying  ordeal  of  last  Fall,  when  there  seemed  to  be  a  sys- 
tematic attempt  to  burn  the  City.  Every  night,  and  frequently  twice 
in  one  night,  fires  were  kindled  by  the  hands  of  an  incendiary.  All 
praise  is  due  the  new  Department  for  preventing  immense  loss  of  prop- 
erty and  probable  loss  of  life  in  that  awful  emergency." 


16  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

I^^'om  the  Chief  I'ngineer  of  the  Fire  Department: 

"Since  the  organization  of  this  force,  the  Gamevvell  Fire  Alarm 
System  has  been  introduced.  *  *  '■'  * 

"To  say  that  this  system  of  alarm  has  proven  very  satisfactory,  and. 
so  far  as  its  jurisdiction  extends,  is  a  complete  success,  I  pay  but  a 
small  tribute  to  its  inestimable  worth  and  pre-eminence  over  all  other 
methods,  indicating,  as  it  does  instantly,  the  location,  or  thereabouts, 
of  a  fire,  thereby  enabling  the  Department  to  repair  to  it  immediately. 
It  has  been  the  means  of  saving  much  property." 

From  the  Report  of  the  Committee  on  Schools: 

"  It  is  gratifying  to  your  Committee  to  be  able  to  report  that  the 
Public  Schools  of  the  city  are  in  a  prosperous  and  improved  condition. 

"  The  increase  in  the  number  of  pupils  attending  during  the  last 
scholastic  year  was  great — much  greater  than  the  increase  in  the  school 
population  of  the  city.  The  attendance  was  more  regular  and  prompt, 
and  the  standard  of  scholarship  higher  than  in  any  previous  year." 

From  the  Report  of  the  Committee  on  Police: 

"  Your  Committee  takes  pleasure  in  again  testifying  to  the  admira- 
ble management  of  the  Board  of  Police  Commissioners.  The  City  was 
never  better  served  than  it  has  been  during  the  period  under  review, 
and  consequently  your  Committee  has  no  recommendations  to  offer 
for  the  coming  year." 

In  the  Reports  for  the  year  ending  February  ist,  1885,  appear  the 
following: 

P^'om  the  Committee  on  Sewers: 

"  The  first  annual  report  of  your  Committee  on  Sewers  is  presented 
under  circumstances,  as  we  conceive,  of  considerable  encouragement. 
Only  one  year  has  elapsed  since  the  organization  of  this  Department, 
during  which  time  the  results  of  its  operations  will  compare  favorably 
with  similar  work  executed  during  any  preceding  year,  when  this 
branch  of  the  publicwork  was  combined  with  the  Street  Department. 

"Over  2,200  yards,  or  \  }(  miles,  of  terra  cotta  pipes  have  been 
laid  in  various  places.  The  Eighth  Street  culvert  has  been  extended 
140  feet,  and  the  old  sewers  have  been  repaired  wherever  necessary." 

From  the  Chief  Engineer  of  the  Fire  Department : 
"In  submitting  this,  my  second  Annual  Report  of  the  operations 
and  progress  of  this  Department  for  the  past  year,  it  is  with  much 
pleasure,  not  unmingled  with  pride,  that  I  point  to  our  Fire  Record, 
showing,  as  it  docs,  the  very  small  loss  within  its  fire  limits  of  $5,- 
156,30. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


19 


"  Our  city  may  well  feel  proud  of  its  superb  water  supply.  Even 
during  the  past  summer,  when  cities  over  the  entire  Union  were 
clamoring  for  water,  our  reservoirs  never  failed,  an  abundance  was  to 


be  had  during  the  whole  time,  and  effective  streams  were  obtainable 
from  all  plugs  without  the  use  of  engine,  e.xcept  those  on  level  with  the 
highest  reservoir." 

From  the  Committee  on  Schools  : 

"  We  are  pleased  to  be  able  to  report  that  your  Public  Schools  have 
never  been  in  a  more  prosperous  condition. 


There  has  been  a  wreat 


20  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

F.  C.  BRO\A^N, 


■Tt-.'EiV.O-Tt^'n'^H    IT-lT^  i^  ^1'    i~i'    J-M'-T  rpu.iT'g-a-f  aTi^^neT-i!.-:^^in;  Ti<   TT  ^j;TT>^-'^7^Fftr^F^4pl-r^iM>^°T>-<*r..riLirB.T>.ir^^ 


OILS. 


oo 


1314,  1316, 1318, 1320  Jefferson  St., 
LYNCHBURG,  -  VIRGINIA. 


(ESTABLISHED  IN  1815.) 
THE  OLDEST  BUSINESS  HOUSE  IN  THE  CITY. 


n 


,  SON  I  ieeh: 


(Successor  to  E.  J.  Folkes  and  Polkes  &  Winston.) 

620  and  622  Main  Street, 

LYNCHBURG,  -  VIRGINIA, 

ftCANUPACTUKERS  OP  AND  DEALERS  IN 

PUBIIITUe[JllTTR[SS[UNOClRSOFALL^INOS. 

WE  ALWAYS  KEEP  ON  HAND  A  LINE  OP 

FINE  PARLOR  AM)  CHAMBER  SUITS,  SIDEBOARDS  AND  EXTENSION 

TABLES,  AND  FINE  FANCY  TABLES  AND  PEDESTALS,  LADIES' 

DESK  AND  PARLOR   CABINETS,   IN    WALNUT, 

MAHOGANY  AND  ANTIi^UE  OAK. 

jgiS^Oiir  prices  cannot  be  beaten,  and  it  will  pay  yon  to  call  and  examiue  our  stock  be- 
fore  purchasing  elsewhere. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  21 

increase  in  attendance  within  the  last  year;  a  steady  improvement  in 
the  system  of  instruction  and  the  average  standard  of  scholarship  at- 
tained by  the  pupils.  At  a  Convention  of  all  the  City  and  County 
School  Superintendents  of  the  State,  just  held  in  Richmond,  our 
schools  have  taken  nearly  all  the  first  medals  and  certificates  of  dis- 
tinction awarded  for  excellence. " 

From  the  Committee  on  Police  : 

"  Since  our  last  annual  report  there  have  been  no  changes  whatever 
in  the  administration  of  the  Police  Department.  The  service  has  been 
thoroughly  efficient  and  satisfactory,  and  no  recommendations  are  con- 
sidered necessary." 

From  the  Mayor's  Message  to  the  City  Council : 

"The  energy,  ability  and  courage  shown  by  the  gentlemen  compos- 
ing the  Board  of  Fire  Commissioners  in  dealing  with  the  tremendous 
problem  thrust  upon  the  community  by  the  total  collapse  of  the  volun- 
teer Fire  Department,  should  ever  be  gratefully  remembered  by  our 
people.  The  efficiency  of  the  department  organized  by  them  is  shown 
by  the  statement  of  the  chief  that  the  loss  from  fires  to  which  the  De- 
partment responded  during  the  last  year,  both  within  and  without  the 
fire  limits,  was  only  <;27,382. 50,  whilst  the  property  saved  was  valued 
at  $72,628.70. 

"The  determination  of  the  gentlemen  composing  this  board,  as  well 
as  the  Board  of  Police  Commissioners,  to  allow  none  but  first-rate  men 
to  remain  on  the  force  under  their  control,  has  been  ably  seconded  by 
the  chiefs  of  these  departments  and  has  resulted  in  giving  us  a  body 
of  policemen  and  firemen  who  will  compare  favorably  with  those  of 
any  city.  I  have  found  the  members  of  the  police  force  sober,  faith- 
ful, active  and  vigilant;  the  officers  and  many  of  the  men  well  ac- 
tjuainted  with  the  ordinances  of  the  city,  whilst  the  chief  has  been  in- 
defatigable in  his  efforts  to  promote  the  discipline  and  efficiency  of  his 
force,  and  to  preserve  the  peace  and  good  order  of  the  community. 
The  Board  of  Police  Commissioners  have  never  hesitated  to  remove 
any  man  who  impaired  the  efficiency  of  the  force;  have  administred 
the  trust  committed  to  their  charge  with  the  strictest  econom^^  and,  in 
all  matters,  have  been  actuated  by  an  earnest  desire  for  the  public  wel- 
fare. 

"  Our  public  schools  are  now,  as  they  have  been  ever  since  their 
organization,  among  the  best  in  the  State.  The  names  composing  the 
list  of  teachers  are  a  sufficient  guaranty  that  they  enjoy,  as  they  richly 
deserve  to,  the  confidence  of  the  community. 

"  In  conclusion,  I  think  the  condition  of  our  community  is  highly 
gratifying;  the  depression  in  business  has  been  less  severely  felt  here 
than  in  most  places,  and  is  now  passing  away;  your  furnaces,  work- 


22  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYXCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

DRUGS  AND  MEDICINES 

AT 

WHOLESALE  AND  RETAIL. 


We  are  occupyins  onr  MAGNf FK'ENT  NEW  HOUSE,  on  the  Corner  of  Main  and 
Tenth  streets, "and  have  tlie  larjiest  ai.d  hamlsoiuest  Drug  Establishment  In  Virsinia. 
Thf»re  are  few  larger,  and  our  Retail  Room  (25x132  feet)  is  unquestionably  the  handsomest 
in  the  Southern  States.      (See  cut  on  opposite  page.) 

We  are  adding  daily  to  our  already  large  stock,  and  OUR  FACILITIES  ARE  EQUAL 
TO  AXY,  for  satisfying  our  friends  and  customers. 

OUR  WHOLESALE  AND  RETAIL  DEPARTMENTS 

comprise  everything  usually  found  In  a  First-Class  City  Drug  Estabi.ishment.    We 
make  a  specialty  of  selling  to  Country  Stores,  and  guarantee  satisfaction  in  every 

OUR  PROPRIETARY  MEDICINES 

some  of  which  are  sold  all  over  the  United  *^tates,  are  EQUAL  TO  ANY  MADE,  and  pay 
better  profits  than  other  similar  goods.    Orders  are  filled  with  promptness  always. 

tm^A  trial  order  is  respectfully  solicited,  by  mail  or  otherwise,  and  we  will  be  glad 
to  have  our  friends  call  to  see  us,  whether  they  buj-  or  not. 

FAULKNER  &  CRAIGHILL, 

"Wholesale  Druggists,  Manufacturers  and  Proprietors  of  Camm's  Emulsion, 
looo  MAIN  STREET,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


JOHN  J.  MALLAN  8z:  BRO., 

DEALERS  IN 

Family  Groceries,  Dry  Goods,  Notions,  Wines,  Liquors,  &c. 


MALLAN  •?  BROTHERS. 

DEALERS  IN 

Coal,  Wood,  Baled  Forage,  Mill  Feed,  Corn,  Hay,  Oats, 
Bran,  Lime,  &c., 

714  FIFTH  AVENUE,         -         LYNCHBURG,  VIRGINIA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


23 


shops  and  factories  are  qeneral!y  at  work;  the  indomitable  energy  of 
your  business  men  is  pushin<j  your  trade  into  new  sections  of  country  ; 
the  City  Government  is  faithfully  and  economically  administered  and 
our  City  is  securely  la}'ing  deep  and  broad  the  foundations  of  her 
wealth  and  greatness." 

The  following  extracts  are  from   the   Reports  for   the  year  ending 
h'ebruary  1st,  1886. 

From  the  Board  of  Fire  Commissioners: 

"We  conclude  by  stating  that  the   Fire   Department  is  in  a  high 


MESSRS.  FAULKNER  &  CRAIGHILL'S  DRUG  STORE. 

(CORNER  OF  MAIN  AND  TENTH  STREETS.) 

state  of  efficiency,  and  that  our  aim  is  yet  higher  and  higher,  until  it 
is  tJie  best,  and  to  this  end  we  trust  we  will  be,  as  in  the  past, 
strengthened  and  supported  by  your  hearty  cooperation." 

From  the  Chief  of  the  Fire  Department: 

"The  number  of  fires  and  alarms  for  the  past  }'ear  have  exceeded 
by  something  over  double  the  number  for  the  year  previous,  there 
being  in  all  some  seventy-six  calls.  Fires  only  in  two  instances  ha\e 
attained  any  proportions,  viz :  at  the  drug  store  of  Messrs.  W.  A. 
Strother  &  Son,  October  26,  and  in  which  nine-tenths  of  the  damage 
sustained  was  inflicted  by  smoke — an  element  against  which  we  have 
no  means  of  combatting;  the  other  at  Messrs.  Ford,  Moorman  &  Co.'s 


24  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Among  the  Largest  Buyers  and.  Handlers  of  Leaf  Tobacco  are 

HOLT,  SCHAEFEU  2,  CO., 

who  do  a  large  Domestic  and  Foreign  Export  Business,  buying  also 
in  other  markets  of  the  State  and  North  Carohna,  either  for  direct 
shipment,  or  to  re-handle  such  purchases  in  their  Lynchburg  factory, 
the  floor  space  of  which  is  as  large,  and  probably  larger  than  of  any 
factory  in  the  City.  Their  factory  on  Lynch  Street  runs  back  iqo  feet. 
Adjoining  the  .same  in  the  rear  is  a  large  four-story  storage  house,  and 
connected  with  this  their  Jefferson  Street  factory,  where  they 

Manufacture  Tobacco  Extract  for  Export  to  Europe, 

the  whole  giving  one  continuous  place  of  business  (fronting  on  Lynch 
Street,  and  in  the  rear,  on  Jefferson  Street),  264  feet  in  depth. 

With  six  drying  rooms,  they  have  ample  facilities  to  handle  large 
quantities  of  Tobacco  at  any  season  of  the  year,  or  in  the  old-fashioned 
manner  by  air-drying.  The  objectionable  features  of  steam-drying 
are  now,  however,  entirely  overcome  by  employing  only  rapid  circula- 
tion of  air,  which  process  has  secured  such  universal  favor  for  their 
tobaccos,  as  it  is  a  copy  of  Nature's  process,  and  preserves  not  only 
the  toughness  and  texture  of  the  leaf,  but  likewise  its  natural  gum  and 
flavor. 

As  their  connection  with  the  Tobacco  Business  extends  for  a  period 
of  about  twenty  years  (partly  in  other  markets,  but  for  the  last  ten 
years  identified  w^ith  the  Lynchburg  market  especially),  they  com- 
mand, of  course,  the  confidence  of  the  trade,  and  their  continued  suc- 
cess is  conclusive  proof  of  that  fact. 

They  do  an  order  business  for  domestic  and  foreign  markets,  both 
for  manufacturers  and  dealers,  in  bright  as  well  as  dark  grades,  with 
both  of  which  the  Lynchburg  market  is  so  well  supplied. 


.j-4?.5^ALL  KIMIS  OF  FINE  ENC4RAVING  DONE  AT  SHOKT  NOTICE.«^!5*?^ 


JOHN  D.  SUTER&CO., 
BOOKSELLERS    &   STATIONERS, 

No.   1017  :\IAIN  STREET,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 

-e^Hpecial  agents  for  Mrs.  TyreeVs  (;OOK  BOOK, ''Housekeeping  in  Old    \'irginia/"=S59^ 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE,  2; 

factory.  January  5th,  at  which  the  loss  amounted  to  some  ^21,000.  about 
half  the  property  being  destroyed,  the  machinery,  as  also  the  two  lower 
stories  of  the  building,  valued  at  ^[9,500,  being  rescued  from  the 
flames.  The  damage  resulting  from  the  remaining  calls,  seventy-four 
in  number,  footed  up  only  about  $[0,ooo/' 

From  the  Mayor's  Message: 

"Our  School  system  continues  to  show  splendid  results  and  a  unt- 


RESIDENCE  OF  MR.  EDMUND  SCUAEFER. 
(court  street,  near  seventh.) 


form  improvement  from  year  to  year.  The  enthusiastic  and  efficient 
Superintendent  has  bent  all  his  energies  to  the  discovery  and  putting 
into  operation  the  most  improved  method  of  instruction.  In  this 
effort  he  has  been  ably  seconded  by  a  most  efficient  corps  of  teachers, 
both  white  and  colored,  and  the  result  is  highly  gratifying.  Durin^^ 
the  past  session  there  was  an  enrollment  of  2,717  pupils  out  of  a  school 


26 


«.KErCH    BOOK    or   LVNXHBLTRC,   VA.  ,' 


LYNCHBURG  VIRGINIAN, 


One  of  the  Oldest  and  B*?st  Kiiowu  Journal.H  in  Tirginia, 

Is  now  owned  and  published  by  a  company  of  capitalists  and  business 
men  of  Lynchburg,  who  are  determined  to  make  it 

A  i  LEADING- PAPER, 

Inferior  to  None  in  the  Commonwealth. 


THE  VIRGINIAN, 

Under  the  new  management,  will  be  dkvoteo  especiallv  to  the  Com- 
mercial, Manufacturing,  Farming  and  other  interest  of  the 
City  and  State,  and  will  be.  in  all  respects 

A  4  LIVE  I  PAPER, 

In  which  the  news  feathered  in  all  sections  of  the  world  will  be  daily  dissem- 
inated throHffh  its  telegraphic  columns. 


TiEZ^livdCB. 


DAILY, 

WEEKLY, 


;$5  GO  PER  ANNUM. 

I    GO       " 


J.  R.  CLARK,  PresH  and  Oen'l  Manager. 

BENJ.  BLACKFORD,  Vice-President. 

ALEX.  McDOXALD,  Editor-in-Chief  and  Secretary. 

W,  W.  WYSOR,  Associate. 

BOARD  OF  D I  RECTORS.— Dr.  E.  A.  Ceaighill,  Major  P.  J.  Otey,  Max 

GUGUENHEIMER,    Ed.  SiCHAEFER,  JnO.  W.  CaRROLL,  J.  P.  PETTYJOHN,  C.  M.  BlACKFORD. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


poptilation  of  6,290.  The  average  daily  attendance  has  been  2,010; 
the  numbers  of  teachers  is  47,  *  *  '  *  I  think  the  City  is  to  be 
congratulated  on  having  schools  equal  to  any  in  the  country. 


"  In  conclusion,  the  prosperity  of  your  City  continues.  Many  com- 
modious and  handsome  buildings  are  in  the  course  of  erection;  trade 
as  good;  the  kindly  relations  hitherto  existing  between  employer  and 
employee  have  been  undisturbed,  and  your  municipal  affairs  have  been 
fjaithfully  and  honestly  administered," 


BUILDING  OF  THE  "LYNCHBURG  VIRGINIAN." 
(corner  of  main  and  tenth  streets.) 

The  subjoined  are  taken  from  the  Reports  for  the  year  ending  Feb- 
ruary 1st,   1887 — very  recently  published  : 
From  the  Finance  Committee: 

"It  must  not  be  overlooked  that  from  18S1  up  to  1885,  both  in^ 
elusive,  ^i,ODO,ooo  was  expended  in  the  various  departments,  principal 
among  which  were  the  permanent  improvements  on  the  streets  (over 
$280,000),  and  water  (over  $390,000),  fire  (over  $70,000),  .sewers  (over 
$15,000)."  '  ^ 


2S'  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCH  BURC,  VA.  ; 

THE  SOUTHERN  JEWELRY  HOUSE, 

F.  D.  Johnson  &  Son 

S02  ItJvdlaianL  Street,  Uy  anLciLlo--.rgr, '^T'irg-inia.. 


This  well'known  house,  which  has  done  more  than  its  share  towards 
spreading  and  establishing  the  fame  of  Lynchburg  in  distant  parts  of 
the  country  as  an  enterprising  commercial  centre,  was  founded  by  Mr. 
F.  D.  Johnson,  in  1854,  in  the  town  of  Culpeper,  Virginia.  After 
twenty  years  of  patient,  but  unremitting  labor,  Mr.  Johnson  had  ac- 
quired that  experience  which  comes  sooner  or  later  to  all  honest  and 
persevering  business  men,  and  had  become  an  adept  at  his  trade.  He 
had  moreover  reduced  the  mercantile  department  to  a  scientific  method, 
which,  combined  with  his  unvarying  custom  of  dealing  in  only  such 
goods  as  he  could  safely  guarantee,  and  charging  his  customers  an 
even  and  low  percentage  of  profit  upon  net  cost  prices,  soon  had  the 
effect  of  increasing  his  business  to  such  a  gratifying  extent  that  Cul- 
peper was  not  large  enough  to  hold  it.  Accordingly,  in  1881,  Mr. 
Johnson  moved  his  establisment  to  Lynchburg,  and  in  the  following 
year  admitted  his  son,  Mr.  J.  R.  Johnson,  to  partnership.  Since  that 
time  the  operations  of  the  firm — in  its  wholesale,  retail  and  manufactur- 
ing departments — have  multiplied  with  astonishing  rapidity,  and  its 
order  book,  representing  sales  in  all  the  Southern  .States,  as  well  as  in 
New  York,  Massachusetts,  Connecticut,  Rhode  Island,  and  even  as 
far  away  as  Colorado  and  New  Mexico,  shows  an  average  of  4,000 
orders  a  year.  The  firm,  moreover,  does  as  good  a  trade  in  almost 
every  other^j^tate  in  the  South  as  it  does  in  Virginia.  The  Repairing 
Department  receives  an  average  of  1,500  crippled  watches  from  outside 
points  during  the  year,  and  the  house  dispatches  over  2,000  registered 
packages  per  annum  through  the  post-office.  These  figures  give  but 
a  faint  ideaof  the  volume  oi  business  transacted  by  Messrs.  Johnson  & 
Son,  which  foots  up  annually  to  the  handsome  total  of  about  $65,000. 
They  supply  all  the  principal  colleges  of  the  South  with  medals,  badges, 
&c.,  and  make  a  specialty  of  engraving,  designing,  and  such  work  as 
monograms  and  other  designs,  illustrated  catalogues  of  which  will  be  sent 
free  to  any  address  on  application.  The  other  specialties  of  the  firm 
are  Diamonds,  Watches,  Clocks,  Jewelry,  Solid  Silver  and  Quadruple- 
Plated  Ware,  Spectacles  and  Eye  Glasses,  Gold  and  Silver  Headed 
Canes  and  Umbrellas.  All  their  Diamond  W^ork,  Medals,  &c.,  are 
designed  and  manufactured  on  the  premises,  and  hundreds  of  testi- 
monials in  their  i)ossession  bear  abundant  evidence  to  the  universal 
approval  with  which  their  work  and  their  goods  have  met  throughout 
the  vast  field  covered  by  their  trade.  The  "  F.  D.  Johnson  Watch" 
is  justly  celebrated  as  one  of  the  very  best  time-keepers  manufactured 
in  this  country. 


ITS    PEOPL'A    y\NU    ITS    TRADE.  2g 

From  the  City  Eny^ineer : 

"From  the  record  kept  at  t]ie  pump  house,  it  is  ascertained  tliat 
two  of  the  pumps  were  operated  at  an  average  of  twenty  hours  per 
day,  and  the  steam  puinp  about  five  hours.  The  ca  cu'aied  quantil)- 
of  water  pumped  tlie  who'eyear  is  about  740,000,000  j^allons  or  ovtr 
2,000,000  gallons  per  day.  (The  pumping  capacity  is  4,oco,ooo  gal- 
lons per  day).  *  *  *  The  pumps,  reservtti'S  and  superst:  ucl  ures 
iiave  been  inspected  and  found  to  be  in  a  lair  and  scr\iCLabIe  con- 
dition." 


MES.SRS.   F.  1).  .TonxS()\  &  SON'S  JEWELllY  STORE. 

(802    MAIX     STKEKT.) 

From  the  Chief  of  the  Fire  Department: 

"  We  have  been  called  upon  only  forty-six  times,  or  thirty  less  than 
the  year  previous.  In  but  one  instance  have  the  flames  assumed  an}^ 
magnitude — this  at  the  factory  of  Messrs.  Wright  &  Craighil! — and 
which  had  attained  such  head\\'ay  when  the  alarm  was  given  as  to  be 
beyond  the  power  of  mortals  to  suppress.  The  loss  in  this  instance 
amounted  to  some  $24,000.  In  the  remaining  forty-five  cases,  only 
some  $5,000  was  lost,  a  total  of  only  about  $29,030  for  the  year  ;  a 
very  moderate  sum  as  compared  with  the  immense  losses  heralded 
almost  daily  from  every  section  of  the  country." 


30  SKETCH    B  )0K.    OF    LYNCH IJURG,   VA.  ; 

(ESTABLISHED  IN   1865.) 

The  First  National  Bank 

OF  LYNCHBUEG,  VIFwGINIA. 


Capital  S«:  $150,000.  Sumliis  M  DaMed  Profits:  $62,000. 


JOHN  F.  SLAUGHTER,  President.  JAMES  M.   BOOKER,  Vice-President 

ALLEN  W.  T ALLEY,  Cashier. 

DIRECTORS: 

CHARLES  W.  STATHAM,  TAYLOR  BERRY',  J.  R.  CLARK, 

N.  R.  BOWMAN,  JOHN  H.  LEWIS,  J.  SINGLETON  DIGGS, 

JAMES  BOYD,  JAMES  W.  WATTS,  E.  A.  CRAIGHILL. 


This  Bank  is  one  of  the  oldest  monetary  institutions  in  Lynchburg, 
having  been  founded  immediately  after  the  close  of  the  civil  war.  It 
has  been  uniformly  conducted  upon  conservative  business  principles, 
and  has  never  shown  the  least  symptons  of  weakness  or  embarrass- 
ment, even  during  the  dark  days  of  1873,  when  so  many  banks  suc- 
cumbed to  the  fury  of  the  financial  storm.  The  First  National  has 
mad^,-  handsome  profits  for  its  shareholders,  and  has  also  accumulated 
large  security  for  its  depositors.  Its  stock  is  therefore  very  rarely 
found  on  the  market,  although  always  in  strong  demand  at  a  high 
premium.  Its  dividends  have  averaged  over  10  per  cent,  per  annum 
during  the  whole  term  of  its  existence.  It  is  to  such  sound  and 
substantial  corporations  as  the  First  National  Bank  that  Lynchburg 
owes,  in  a  large  measure,  her  commercial  stability  and  well  established 
reputation. 


ITS    PEC  PL  E    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


31" 


FINANCIAL. 
The  bonded  debt  of  the  City,  as  shown  by  the  Auditor'.s  Report, 
was  on  February  1st,  i<S8-i,  $  1  ,o?o,  1 32.  10;  on  February  ist,  1885, 
it  was  $l,o'9  532.  10;  on  February  1st,  1886,  it  was  S  1 ,  106,  5  32.  10  ; 
and  on  Februrry  1st,  1887,  it  was  :^i.  154.992  76.  The  debt  has 
therefore  increased  $1:54,8  3o  within  the  last  four  years;  but  when  it 
is  remembered  that  during  that  period  many  \ast  and  valuable  im- 
provements   have    been   accomplished — such   as  the  building   of  the 


ct)lle(;k  hill  kl.sekvoir. 

(BUILT  IN   1877.) 

magnificent  new  Reservoirs  on  Clay  Street,  at  a  cost  of  $100,003;  the 
acquisition  of  the  Gamewell  Fire  Alarm  System  and  the  Flectric 
Light  for  the  streets;  the  organization  of  a  thoroughly  effective  paid 
Fire  Department,  and  a  perfect  system  of  Sewerage — it  will  at  once  be 
evident  that,  in  the  words  of  the  P'inancj  Committee,  in  their  Report 
to  the  City  Council,  "the  means  for  paying  your  debt  is  therefore 
provided  for  in  your  charter,  and  is  self-adjusting.  "  While  the  public 
debt  has  increased,  taxation  has  remained  undisturbed,  consequent 
upon  the  largely  enhanced  value  of  property. 


32  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

F.  A.  KINCKLE 


916   MAIN   STREET, 

LYNCHBURG,  VIRGINIA, 

CARRIES  THE  LARGEST  AND  MOST  COMPLETE  LINE  OF 

FINE  SHOES 

IN   THE  CITY, 

SolEAgeDtfo[OUNLilP&CO;SC[LEBBAIED[IATS, 


HKADQIIAKIKKS    LOR  THE  SOUTH, 

No.  108  Eighth  Street,  Lynchburg,  Va. 

ic^iF'Gi  nd,  iMirrcyctic  At^cnis  Wanud  in  Every  Cc^unty.  Liberal 
Terms  to  brth  Agents  and  l^'ariners  Correspondence  solicited.  Cir- 
culars Mailed  Free  on  Application. 

General  Agrent. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


EDUCATION. 


The  City  of  Lyncliburg  possesses  forty-four  Free  Schools,  of  which 
twenty-si.x  are  devoted  to  the  education  of  white,  and  eighteen  to 
that  of  colored  children.  In  addition  to  these  there  are  seventy-nine 
Free  Schools  in  Campbell  County — forty-nine  for  white,  and  thirty 
for  colored  children. 

There  are  also  a  number  of  excellent  private  schools  for  both  sexes 
in  and  near  the  City;  while  the  University  of  Virginia,  Washington 
and  Lee  University,  the  Virginia  Military  Institute,  Hampden  Syd- 
ney College,  and  other  eminent  seats  of  learning  are  within  a  radius 
of  sixty  miles. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  FAIR. 

The  Lynchburg.  Ai^ricultural  and  Mechanical  Society,  organized  in 
1869,  has  extensive  grounds  and  buildings,  in  the  southwestern  suburbs 
of  the  City,  where  Fairs  are  held  annually  in  the  month  of  October. 
These  Fairs  attract  large  numbers  of  farmers  and  others  from  every 
quarter  of  the  State,  who  bring  their  finest  horses,  cattle,  sheep,  hogs, 
fruit  and  other  farm  poducts  for  exhibition.  Large  sums  are  dis- 
tributed by  the  Society  in  the  form  of  premiums,  and  it  is  safe  to  say 
that  in  no  part  of  Virginia  are  the  annual  fairs  better  attended,  and 
that  nowhere  else  are  finer  specimens  of  live  stock  and  agricultural 
produce  exhibited.  All  praise  is  due  to  the  enterprise  and  public 
spirit  of  the  gentlemen  forming  this  Association,  a  fuller  account  of 
which  will  be  found  in  the  later  pages  of  this  volume 

HOTELS  AND  BOARDING  HOUSES. 

The  City  is  well  provided  with  excellent  Hotels  and  Boarding 
Houses,  at  which  the  cost  of  living  varies  from  $50  to  320  a  month, 
according  to  the  accommodation  required.  Special  rates  are  given  to 
families.      By  the  day  the  charges  range  from  ^[.50  to  S3. 

WATER  POWER. 

The  James  River  i:^  a  rapid  stream,  averaging  at  Lynchburg  about 
six  hundred  feet  in  width  and  four  feet  in  depth.  A  series  of  dams, 
at  and  above  the  City,  afford  a  fall  of  about  twenty  feet.  This  mag- 
nificent water  power,  which  is  available  at  both  sides  of  the  river,  is 
only  partially  utilized  for  manufacturing  purposes,  although  the  entire 


34  SKETCH    r500K    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA.  ; 

volume  of  the  river  can  easily  be  made  available.      This  water  is  owned 
by  the  City,  and  will  be  furnished  as  required  at  a  nominal  charge. 

At  many  points  in  the  vicinity,  both  abo\e  and  below  the  City, 
there  are  splendid  sites  for  mills,  furnaces,  and  factories  of  various 
kinds. 

COMMERCIAL  GROWTH. 

The  wide  extent  of  rich  back  country  and  the  excellent  facilities 
for  transportation  always  enjoyed  by  Lynchburg,  gave  her,  from  the 
beginning,  a  heavy  commission  and  retail  business,  under  the  influence 
of  which  she  was  steadily  advancing  in  population  and  wealth  up  to 
the  period  of  the  civil  war.  Situated  in  the  midst  of  the  finest  tobacco- 
growing  region  in  the  world,  her  people  early  gave  their  attention  to 
the  manufacture  of  this  article,  in  which  they  attained  great  celebrity, 
and  it  was  to  this  special  branch  of  industry  that  the  City  chiefly  owed 
her  commercial  importance. 

During  the  last  twenty  years  of  restored  peace,  Lynchburg  has  re- 
sumed her  onward  march  with  renewed  energy  and  with  such  phe- 
n(_)menal  success  that  she  is  to-day,  in  proportion  to  her  population,  the 
wealthiest  cit\',  exci  pt  one,  in  the  United  States. 

But  her  prominence  is  no  loiv^er  attributable  exclusively  to  the 
popularity  of  her  brands  of  manufactured  tobacco,  nor  e\en  to  the  im- 
mense quantity  and  supurb  quality  of  the  leaf  handled  on  her  ware- 
house floors — although  in  the  latter  respect  she  stands  at  the  head  of 
the  list  of  great  tobacco  markets. 

Of  late  )'ears  she  has  given  much  attention  to  and  invested  much 
capital  in  miscellaneous  industries,  also — such  as  iron  works,  furnaces, 
nail  works,  fertilizer  factories,  refrigerators,  bark  mills,  barytes  factories 
and  other  similar  establishments,  which  give  employment  to  large 
numbers  of  men,  women  and  boys,  who  would  otherwise  find  it  diffi- 
cult to  earn  a  livelihood — to  say  nothing  of  the  cigarette  factories 
which  give  honest  and  lucrative  employment  to  hundreds  of  white 
girls. 

Nor  is  this  all.  The  New  Lynchburg  is  the  home  of  enormous 
business  houses  which  conduct  only  a  wholesale  trade,  besides  others 
which  are  wholesale  as  well  as  retail  dealers.  Prior  to  1865,  com- 
mercial travellers — or  "drummers" — hailing  from  the  "Tobacco  City," 
were  almost  unknown  quantities,  whereas  now  they  are  familiar  and 
welcome  visitors  throughout  the  South  and  Southwest,  representing 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  35 

such  departments  of  trade  as  Dry  Goods,  Drugs  and  Medicines,  Boots 
and  Shoes,  Groceries,  Fertilizers,  and  the  like.  Millions  of  dollars 
pour  into  the  City  annually  through  these  channels,  and  the  pro- 
nounced success  with  which  they  have  met  is  sufficient  proof  that  they 
can  compete  triumphantly  with  any  of  the  vaunted  Northern  and 
Western  markets. 


BIGGEIi'S  PUBLIC  SCEiOOL  BUILDING. 

(COKXER  OF  FIFTH    AND  CLAY  STKEET,S.) 

LOCAL  INDUSTRIES. 

Resides  the  handling  and  manufacture  of  the  "  seductive  weed,"  and 
the  several  other  important  industries  carried  on  in  and  around  the 
City,  namely:  iron  works,  foundries,  flour  mills,  barytes  mills,  door 
and  sash  factories,  sumac  mills,  fertilizer  factories,  ice  factories,  and 
others,  already  in  successful  operation,  some  nt:\y  enterprises,  of 
which  mention  will  be  made  hereafter,  are  about  to  be  undertaken  by 
local  capitalists.  There  is  here  a  wide  field  for  skill  ;ind  capital,  with 
every  rea.sonable  prospect  for  its  remunerative  investment  in  the  de- 


T,6  SKETCH     BOOK    OF    LVXCHHUKG,    VA.  ; 

NORYELL-ARLIHGTOH  HOUSE. 


LEADING  HOTEL. 


Recently  Enlarged  and  Renovated, 


CENTRALLY  SITUATED  ON  CHURCH  and  EKriUI !!  STREETS, 

Near  the  Post-Office,  Court  House,  Banks,  Churches,  and  other 

Places  of  Interest,  Usually  Sought  by  Visitors.      One 

Square  from  Main  St.  and  Street  Car  Line. 


TABLE  AND  ACCOMMODATIONS  FIRST-CLASS. 


LARGE    SAMPLE  ROOMS  ON   GROUND    FLOOR. 

Uooiiis  With  Baths.    Steam  Heat  and  Electric  Bells. 

OMNIBUS  AND  BAGGAGE  WAGONS  AT  ALL  TRAINS. 

K.  S.  TERKY,  Proprietor, 

lL3rrLCl:i"biJLrg:,      -     -      TT'lrg^inia., 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


\7 


velopment  of  the  numerous  sources  of  industrial  wealth  not  hereto- 
fore attempted  in  this  favored  locality.  An  examination  of  the  map 
will  show  that,  as  a  point  for  the  collection  of  raw  material  and  the 
distribution  of  manufactured  articles,  no  better  place  than  Lynchburg 
can  be  chosen. 

GOLDEN  0PP0RTUNIT1P:S. 

With  capital  sufficient  to  purchase  the  requisite  plant,  and  the  skill 
and   experience   necessary  to   direct   its   judicious  application — with 


THE  NOIiVELL-ARLTNGTON  BOUSE. 

(CORXER  CHURCH  A^•D  EIGHTH  STS.) 


cheap  and  plentiful  labor,  combined  with  unsurpassed  facilities  for 
transportation — there  is  no  reason  why  Lynchburg  should  not  attain  as 
high  a  reputation  for  her  manufactured  productions  of  iron,  cotton, 
wool,  paper,  glass,  wood,  cotton- seed  oil,  boots,  shoes,  &c.,  as  she 
has  reached  in  the  manufacture  of  tobacco.  A  cordial  welcome  awaits 
all  who  may  be  attracted  to  this  inviting  field  of  enterprise,  together 
with  the  material  aid  and  support  of  the  municipal  authorities  and  the 
community  at  large. 


38 


SKETCH    H()()K    OF    LVN'CHBURG,   va.  ; 


LOUIS  p.  SHANER, 


CATTLE  BROKER, 


FRONT  STALLS,  Nos.  2  &  4, 

BUSINESS  COLLEGE. 

Kirst-class  Instruction  in  Hook-kct^pini:,  Pliiin  and  Ornamental  I'enuKinship,  Business 
Arillimi'tic— rai]id  calculations— in  llie  I'ollei^e. 

"^.  2^£.  c  .^^.  BTJiHiiDninsro-,  Zj'!riTo:Ea:BTj:ELC3-, 

By  D.  R.  McIVER, 

A  teaclior  of  over  six  .■^■fars' experience  (has  three  dii^lonias  on  Hook-keepino;  and  Pen- 
manship), and  Head  Teacher  of  Writinsi  in  City  Graded  Schools,  and  Teacher  of  Y.  M.  C. 
A.  KiUicational  Classes.  Good  references.  Terms  low.  Pen- work  by  mail.  Visiting  cards 
written,  2i)c.  per  dozen.    Call  on,  or  address, 

D.  R.  McIVER, 

703  Clx-d-rctL  Street,  -  ■  -  Xj37-ii.ciLTc'j.rg-.  X'^irg-iriia.. 

n.A.:M:ix.TOjsr  bros.. 

Carpenters  and  Builders. 

Cop.  T\A^elfth  and  Grace  SLs.,  Lynchburg,  Va., 

We   execute  all  kinds  of  Builders' Work,  such  as  Wood,  Stone,  Brick,  Plastering,  Tin- 
ning, Painting,  Ac.    Estimates  cheerfully  furnished,  and  correspondence  solicited. 


ARMISTEAD  &  STEPTOE, 

Real  [state ftgeots  and  General  Intelligence  Office 

No.  206  Tenth  Street, 

ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 

914  R'?ain  Street,  -  ■  Lynchburg,  Virginia, 

COMMEPxCIAL  LAW  A  SPECIALTY. 

Uefekenck.s. -Lynchburg  Nuf.onal  Bank,  and  all  tlie  leading  business  men  of  the  city. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


39 


SUMMER  RESORTS. 

The  country  immediately  to  the  west  of  Lynchburg  abounds  with 
mineral  springs  of  various  kinds,  and  all  possessing  special  sanitary 
value.  They  are  sources  alike  of  health,  pleasure  and  profit,  and  are 
justly  entitled  to  at  least  brief  mention  in  Lynchburg's  "  Sketch  Book." 
Scores  of  these  delightful  summer  resorts  in  the  Piedmont  District, 
Blue  Ridge  and  Alleghany  Mountains  are  accessible  in  a  few  hours  by 
rail  from  this  City.  Many  of  them  are  exceedingly  beautiful  and  hand- 
somely equipped  for  the  accommodation  of  from  five  hundred  to  a 
thousand  or  more  visitors.  Some  of  the  most  attractive  of  these 
charming  sanatoriums  are  the  Blue  Ridge  Springs,  Yellow  Sulphur, 
White  Sulphur,  Salt  Sulphur,  Red  Sulphur,  Alleghany,  Sweet,  Rock- 
bridge Alum,  Coyners,  the  Hot.  Warm  and  Healing  Springs,  &c. 
These  watering  places  afford  good  markets  for  the  surrounding  country 
during  the  summer  season,  and  Lynchburg  participates  largely  in  the 
trade  derived  from  these  sources. 

To  the  tourist,  this  section  of  Virginia  offers  many  and  various  at- 
tractions. Amongst  the  most  noted  curiosities  of  nature  within  easy 
reach  of  Lynchburg  are  the  Natural  Bridge,  the  Peaks  of  Otter,  the 
Caverns  of  Luray,  the  Natural  Tunnel  and  the  P^alls  of  James  River, 
where  it  breaks  through  the  Blue  Ridge  Mountains. 
GAME  AND  HUNTING. 

The  forests,  fields  and  streams  of  this  pleasant  region  all  supply  an 
abundance  of  game  for  the  sportsman.  As  a  rule,  the  woods  are  toler- 
ably free  from  undergrowth,  and  are,  therefore,  easily  traversed  on  foot 
or  on  horseback.  The  squirrtl,  wild  turkey  and  pheasant  are  very 
plentiful  in  the  neighboring  forests.  Partridges  (quail)  are  very  numer- 
ous, as  also  woodcocks.  Wild  ducks  of  several  varieties  are  found  in 
large  numbers  on  all  the  rivers  and  streams. 

Good  deer  hunting  can  be  had  in  the  Blue  Ridge  and  Alleghany 
Mountains.  Trout  abound  in  most  of  the  mountain  streams,  and  in 
the  large  rivers  there  is  excellent  bait  fishing  for  chub,  perch,  pike, 
&c.  Foxes,  both  red  and  gray,  are  found  all  over  Virginia,  and  fur- 
nish capital  sport  to  those  fond  of  "  riding  to  hounds."  But  they  are 
not  in  such  numbers  as  to  be  troublesome  or  destructive. 

CEREALS. 

The  soil  of  the  "Hill  Country"  of  Virginia,  which  embraces  that 
region  most  directly  tributary  to  Lynchburg,  varies  from  light  sandv 


40  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LVXCHBURC,  VA.  ; 

loam  to  stiff  heavy  clay.  The  more  closely  it  approaches  the  latter 
the  more  highly  it  is  esteemed,  particularly  for  mixed  farming  and 
grazing.  The  principal  crops  raised  in  this  district  are  tobacco,  wheat, 
corn,  oats  and  ha)' ;  but  all  the  grasses,  grains,  fruits  and  vegetables 
common  to  the  temperate  zone  flourish  here  with  ordinary  care.  The 
flour  made  from  wheat  grown  in  this  section  is  considered  the  best  in 
America,  and  brings  the  highest  price  in  the  markets  where  it  is 
known.  For  many  years  it  was  considered  the  only  flour  that  could 
be  shipped  through  tropical  latitudes  without  deterioration,  and  it  still 
maintains  its  undoubted  superiority  in  the  markets  of  the  West  Indies 
and  South  America.  On  suitable  land,  with  proper  tillage,  from  twenty 
to  thirty  bushels  of  wheat  per  acre  may  reasonably  be  expected. 

In  the  James  River  Valley  the  "bottom"  lands  will  yield,  without 
manuring,  from  sixty  to  a  hundred  bushels  of  Indian  corn  per  acre. 
On  uplands  of  good  quality,  forty  to  fifty  bushels  would  be  considered 
a  good  yield.  The  oat  crop  usuall}^  succeeds  corn,  requires  but  slight 
preparation  of  the  land,  grows  lu.xuriantly  and  yields — especially  on 
bottom  or  moist  lands — a  good  return  to  the  farmer. 

Tobacco  requires  soil  of  the  best  natural  quality,  or  the  land  must 
be  highly  manured,  to  aff)rd  a  paying  crop;  but,  when  skillfully  man- 
aged, and  under  favorable  circumstances,  it  returns  a  very  large  profit 
to  the  planter.  Hay  also  yields  an  abundant  crop,  and  finds  a  ready 
sale  in  this  and  other  markets. 

FRUIT  CULTURi:. 

The  fruits  of  this  division  of  Virginic-f  are  unsurpassed  in  quality  and 
variety.  The  apple  ripens  from  June  to  Novembjr,  and  the  later 
varieties  can  easily  be  kept  until  the  succeeding  crop  can  be  gathered. 
This  is  the  home  of  the  famous  "  .Albemarle  Pippin  "  and  the  beautiful 
"Lady  Apple,"  so  highly  and  universally  esteemed  at  home  and 
abroad.  Resides  these,  there  are  many  other  kinds  of  apples  of  ex- 
cellent quality  and  prolific  fruition.  Apples,  pears,  peaches,  plums, 
cherries,  grapes,  strawberries,  (Sec.  grow  freely  and  require  no  protec- 
tion during  the  winter  months. 

The  grape  flourishes  with  a  luxuriance  not  surpassed  by  the  choicest 
vineyards  in  other  sections  of  this  country,  or  those  of  France  and 
Germany.  The  eastern  slopes  of  the  l)lue  Ridge  Mountains  furnish 
many  thousands  of  acres  suited  to  the  cultivation  of  fruits,  including 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


4^ 


those  of  the  choicest  and  most  dehcate  varieties,  which  here  attain  the 
highest  perfection.  Experiments  have  proved  that  a  better  wine  can 
be  produced  on  these  mountain  slopes  than  ha.s  yet  been  made  else- 
where in  the  United  States. 

The  Superintendent  of  "  Garden  and  Grounds,"  connected  with  tlie 


UNITED  STATES  COURT  HOUSE  AND  rOST  OFFICE. 
(on  church  street,  near  ninth.) 

Department  of  Agriculture,  in  his  Annual  Report  to  Congress  for 
1869,  speaking  of  "the  most  healthy  grape  of  the  Northern  States," 
says  : 

"  Of  course  its  quality  is  greatly  improved  by  the  length  and  geni- 
ality of  the  season  of  growth;  for  example,  those  who  are  familiar  with 


42  SKETCH    fiOOK    OF   LYNCHtURG,    VA.  ; 

(ESTABLISHED  IN   i8Si.) 

J.  D.  WATTS, 

DEALER  IN 

WATCHES,   CLOCKS,   JEWELRY, 

SILVER  AND  PLATED  WARE, 

FROM  THE  LEADING  FACTORIES  OF  THIS  COUNTRY. 


OPTICAL  GOODS, 


'siomertiiiG 


SEAVING  MACHINES, 


AND 


SEWING  -  MACHINE  +  SUPPLIES. 


Gold  Pens,  Pencils,  and  Fancy  Articles,  in  Great  Variety. 

SPECIAL  ATTENTION  GIVEN  TO  ALL  KINDS  OF 

SU}i  MAIN  STREET, 

Lynchburg,        -         -         Virginia. 


ITS  pf:ople  and  its  trade. 


43 


the  fruit  only  as  a  production  of  Massachusetts  would  not  recognize 
its  flavor  and  vinous  character  as  ripened  in  Virginia.  *  *  *  The 
mountain  slopes  and  plateaus  in  Virginia  and  other  Southern  States 
must  be  looked  upon  as  the  great  producing  regions  of  this  Continent 
for  a  certain  class  of  fine  wines,  not  excepting  California  and  other 
favored  sections  of  the  Pacific  Coast.  We  must  depend  upon  this 
•  section  for  the  'coming  wine-grape.''" 

GRAZING  LANDS. 

The  "  Hill  Lands"  are  not  excelled  by  any  other  part  of  Virginia, 
Kentucky  or  the  West  as  a  grazing  country.      Here  are  "blue  grass  " 


COURT  STREET  METHODIST  EPISCOPAL  CHURCH. 

(corner  of  SEVKXTH   8TREET.  ) 

tracts,  watered  by  plentiful  springs  and  streams  of  cool  soft  water, 
where  cattle  can  feed  the  whole  year  round,  and  where  neither  hostile 
Indians  nor  wild  beasts  exist  to  disturb  or  destroy  them. 

Mr.  J.  R.  Dodge,  of  the  United  States  Department  of  Agriculture, 
after  enumerating  the  most  favored  regions  in  the  Eastern  and  North- 
ern States,  the  Mississippi  Valley  and  the  eastern  and  western  slopes 
of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  makes  the  following  comparison :  "  But  there 
is  one  other  section,  easy  of  access  and  superior  in  the  quality  of  its 
gra.sses  to  any  heretofore  mentioned,  with  a  climate  mild  and  equable, 
in  which  the  very  finest  and  best  samples  of  wool  in  the  United  States 


44  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    I.VNCIIBUKG,   VA.  \ 

W.  A.  STROTHER  &  SON, 

WHOLESALE,  RETAIL  &  MANUFACTURING  DRU&GISTS 
The  senior  member  of  this  firm  established  the  business  in  the  year 
t855,  and  has  remained  continuously  in  the  occupation  of  the  same 
premises — No.  904  Main  Street — ever  since  that  date.  "Strother's 
Drug  Store"  may  therefore  be  fairly  regarded  as  among  the  "ancient 
landmarks"  which  commemorate  the  birth,  growth  and  development 
of  Lynchburg's  commercial  and  industrial  history.  Mr.  Strother  had 
already  built  up  a  flourishing  trade  when  the  civil  war  broke  out,  in 
ib6i.  In  common  with  his  patriotic  fellow-countrymen,  Mr.  Strother 
volunteered  his  services  to  the  Confederate  cause.  For  a  time  his 
business  operations  were,  to  some  extent,  suspended,  but  on  the  res- 
toration of  peace,  in  1865.  they  were  resumed  with  renewed  energy, 
and  within  the  last  twenty  years  the  volume  of  his  trade  has  more  than 
quadrupled. 

In  1 88 1,  Mr.  Strother  admitted  to  partnership  his  son,  Mr.  \V.  M. 
.Strother,  and  the  firm  assumed  its  present  name.  Besides  dealing  in 
the  commodities  common  to  all  first-class  wholesale  and  retail  drug 
houses,  the  Messrs.  Strother  are  extensive  manufacturers  of  a  number 
of  their  own  recipes,  including  general  family  medicines,  a  full  line 
of  flavoring  extracts,  pills,  liniments,  hor.se  powders,  &c.:  while 
among  their  more  famous  specialties,  "Silver  Medal  Cologne"  and 
"Strother's  Dentaline  "  find  a  ready  market  in  all  parts  of  the  Union 
— over  six  himdred  gross  of  the  former  having  been  sold  and  shipped  to 
distant  points  during  the  past  year.  Messrs.  W.  A.  Strother  &  Son 
are  also  the  patentees  of  a  lubricant  which  has  established  itself  in  the 
favor  of  plug  tobacco  manufacturers  throughout  the  country.  It  is  to 
such  houses  as  that  under  review  that  Lynchburg  owes  its  high 
mercantile  reputation,  and  the  community,  being  "wise  in  its  genera- 
tion," extends  to  it  substantial  evidence  of  its  confidence  and  approval. 
This  is  the  oldest  house  in  the  City  engaged  in  the  drug  business,  and 
the  only  one  that  ante-dates  the  civil  war. 

THE  PALACE  BOOT,  SHOE,  HAT  AND  TRUNK  HOUSE. 

DE  AUEF=?S    I  N 

BOOTS,  SHOES,  HATS,  CAPS,  TRUNKS,  VALISES,  UMBRELLAS,  ETC., 

1024  MAIN  STREET,  LYNCIIHURG,  VA. 

BOX  t  MAHUFACTURING  t  COMPANY, 

Toliacco  Boxes  aiiil  Cases,  Totacco  Sliapes  and  Factory  Fixtures, 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


45 


have  been  grown."  He  then  directs  attention  to  this  locaHty,  and 
says  it  is  "  the  chosen  hiibitat  of  the  bkie  grass  and  white  clover,  whose 
valleys  and  slopes  and  summits  arealike  fresh  with  verdure.  Scarcely 
better  known  to  the  country  at  large  than  the  fastnesses  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  the  lands  but  little  higher  in  price,  this  region  should  pro- 
duce large  quantities  of  the  finest  and  best  merino  wool  in  the  United 
States,  and  the  production  of  mutton,  in  view  of  proximity  to  markets 
and  abundance  and  quality  of  subsistence  supplies,  could  scarcely  be 
undertaken  elsewhere  with  equal  advantage." 


MR.  JOHN  W.  CARROLL'S  RESIDENCE. 

(on   HARRISON    STREET,  CORNER   ELEVENTH.) 


THE  JAMES  RIVER  VALLEY. 

From  the  discovery  of  the  country  to  the  present  day,  this  beauti- 
ful Valley  has  been  universally  regarded  as  the  best  portion  of  Virginia. 
The  James  River  traverses  the  State  from  the  Alleghany  Mountains 
to  the  Atlantic  Ocean,  intersecting  the  Mountain,  Valley,  Piedmont 
and  Tide-water  Districts,  thus  embracing  within  its  influence  every 
advantage  of  climate,  soil  and  production  to  be  found  in  the  State. 
The  scenery  along  the  river,  particularly  in  the  hill  district,  is  unsur- 
passed in  variety  and  beauty.      The  cool,  bracing  atmosphere  in  the 


46 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 


have  moved  for  the  third  tune  into  larger  quarters,  to  accommodate 
their  constantly  increasing  business,  and  are  now  located  on  Clay 
Street  near  Twelfth,  where  they  are  prepared  for  a  larger  business  than 
ever  before.  They  have  already,  with  one  exception  only,  the  largest 
cigarette  trade  in  the  State,  and  if  their  former  ratio  of  increase  con- 
tinues, will  soon  take  their  place  among  the  few  large  cigarette  factories 
of  the  United  States. 

*  As  their  name  implies,  the  "  Lone  Jack  "  is  their  leading  cigarette. 
Others  are  also  becoming  favorites,  the  "  Ruby"  especially.  AH  their 
brands  are  free  from  drugs,  or  any  adulteration,  but  made  of  the 
sweetest  bright  North  Carolina  and  Virginia  tobacco  obtainable. 
Especial  mention  must  be  made  of  an  entirely  new  departure — a  long, 
pure  Havana  cigarette  in  brown  tobacco  paper,  the  "La  Hidalguia"  Cig- 
arette, made  of  Havana  tobacco  exclusively,  of  their  own  importation 
and  selected  by  Sanderson  &  Co.,  Havana,  the  owners  and  original 
manufacturers  of  this  brand.  While  these  cigarettes  may  be  too  sub- 
stantial for  the  general  cigarette  smoker,  they  satisfy  another  class — 
the  cigar  smoker — giving  him  a  better,  a  genuine  Havana,  and  at  the 
same  time  a  cheaper,  smoke  than  most  low-priced  cigars.  The  adver- 
tising matter  used  by  the  Company  has  been  unique,  because 
combining  taste  and  elegance  with  usefulness  ;  we  refer  especially  to 
the  elegant  brass  plaque  clocks,  known  all  over  the  South  and  West, 
given  free  with  the  Lone  Jack  Cigarettes. 

Among  the  advantages  of  this  business  to  the  City  we  wish  to  men- 
tion especially  the  fact  that  it  gives  employment  to  a  large  number  of 
girls,  who  in  former  years  had  no  field  of  labor,  or  at  best,  a  very 
limited  one  in  this  city.  The  Company  employ  a  number  of  these, 
not  only  for  packing  and  handling  the  cigarettes,  box-making,  &c.. 
but  for  making  millions  of  cigarette  holders,  with  paraffined  tips, 
which  ha\e  added  so  much  to  the  popularity  of  the  celebrated 
Lone  Jack  Cigarettes. 

The  principal  stockholders  are  Mr.  John  W.  Carroll,  the  owner  of 
the  world-renowned  "  Lone  Jack  "  smoking  tobacco  brand  ;   Edmund' 
Schaefer,  of  Holt.  Schaefer  &  Co.;  the  President  of  theCompany ;  and 
R.    H.    Wright,  former  partner  of  W.    Duke,  Sons   &  Co.,  Durham, 
Manager. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


47 


vicinity  of  the  mountains  is  a  complete  protection  against  every  form  of 
malarial  disease,  and  is  invigorating  to  the  most  delicate  and  sensitive 
constitutions.  It  is  this  portion  of  the  James  River  Valley  that  un- 
doubtedly possesses  the  greatest  charms  to  new  settlers  of  all  classes. 
Here  the  sturdy  farmer  in  search  of  a  healthy,  rich  and  attractive  "  plan- 
tation ;  "  the  lover  of  nature  and  field  sports;  the  man  of  ample  means 
and  cultivated  taste;  the  experienced  and  enterprising  manufacturer  in 


GARLAND'S  HILL  AND  BLACKWATER  CREEK. 
(from  northwest  end  of  church  street.) 


pursuit  of  gain — all  may  alike  find  the  highest  enjoyment  and  pros- 
perity. Nature  has  been  so  lavish  in  her  gifts  to  this  happy  valley, 
and  its  inhabitants  have  at  all  times  found  it  so  easy  to  obtain  the 
•comforts  and  luxuries  of  life,  that  its  rich  stores  of  timber  and  minerals 
have  hitherto  been  comparatively  neglected — or  at  least  they  have 
remained  practically  undeveloped.  During  the  past  few  years,  how- 
ever, these  dormant  sources   of  wealth  have   attracted  considerable 


48 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA. ; 


^THE  LYNCHBURG  NEWS 

Daily,  Tri- Weekly  and  Weekly. 


THE  LEADING  HEWSPAPER 

In  Piedmont  and  Southwestern  Virginia. 


Daily, f5  per  anniiin. 

Tri- Weekly, ^3     ''         " 

Weekly, $1     " 


LOCATED  AT    THE    GATEWAY    OF   THE    RICH    SOUTH- 
WESTERN COUNTRY,  WHERE  IT  HAS  A 

LARGE  Ai  INCREASING  CIRCULATION. 


A  Wide-Awake  and  Progressive 

Democratic  Newspaper 


Presentinir  all  the  News  in  the  most  attractive  form. 


Iron  Front  Building, 

No.  215  Ninth  Street,      -     .     -     -      Lynchburg,  Va. 

A.  ^A/ADDILL,  Publisher. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


49 


attention,  and  it  is  but  reasonable  to  expect  that  Lynchburg,  with  its 
immense  natural  advantages,  will  before  long  become  one  of  the 
greatest  industrial  centres  of  the  New  South. 

VARIOUS. 

The  population  of  Lynchburg  is  now  estimated  at  about  25,000 
souls.  By  including  the  immediate  suburbs  this  number  would  be 
largely  increased.      In  1880  the  census  fixed  the  population  at  15,959; 


LYNCHBURG'S  FIRST  TOBACCO  FACTORY. 

(on  elm  avenue  near  horse  ford  road.) 

while  in  1870,  when,  five  years  after  the  close  of  the  war,  the  City  may 
be  said  to  have  entered  upon  its  second  lease  of  existence,  it  contained, 
according  to  the  official  census,  only  6,825  inhabitants. 

Not  only  has  the  City  kept  pace  with  its  rapidly  growing  popula- 
tion as  regards  the  number  of  its  stores,  factories  and  dwellings,  but 
it  has  also  made  ambitious  strides  in  the  character  of  its  buildings,  and 
in  all  other  matters  tending  towards  public  improvements,  having 
regard  to  ornamentation   as  well   as  to  mere  utility.     No  city  in  the 


;0  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA.  ; 

United  States  of  Lynchburg's  size  can  show  handsomer  churches, 
factories,  hotels,  business  blocks,  private  residences  and  public  build- 
ings. In  every  direction  are  to  be  seen  evidences  of  thrift  and  enter- 
prise. Wherever  the  eye  may  turn,  it  is  greeted  by  magnificent  new- 
structures  bearing  testimony  alike  to  the  wealth  and  the  artistic  taste 
of  the  community.  On  the  main  thoroughfares,  as  well  as  in  those 
portions  of  the  City  and  suburbs  devoted  to  private  habitations,  busy 
hands  are  constantly  at  work  filling  up  vacancies  with  sightly  stores 
and  factories  and  dwelling  houses.  Stately  churches  raise  their  taper- 
ing spires  to  the  sky,  while  other  sacred  buildings,  less  pretensious, 
perhaps,  bear  testimony  to  the  competence,  liberality  and  piety  of  all 
classes  of  citizens. 

The  City  of  Lynchburg  is  indeed  fair  to  look  upon,  presenting,  as 
she  does,  an  air  of  health,  comfort  and  prosperity  which  is  well  sus- 
tained by  statistical  facts.  The  scenery  within  and  without  her 
boundaries  presents  a  charming  and  endless  variety  of  hill  and  valley, 
field  and  forest,  natural  beauty  and  artistic  embellishment,  such  as  are 
rarely  to  be  met  with  in  any  one  locality. 

With  a  rich  and  productive  back  country,  cheap  land,  abundant 
labor,  a  central  position  in  the  most  favored  region  of  the  Southern 
Land,  an  equable  and  healthy  climate,  unsurpassed  water-power  and 
excellent  railroad  facilities,  and  removed  by  only  an  inconsiderable 
distance  from  the  very  sources  whence  the  great  manufacturing  in- 
terests of  the  North  draw  their  principal  supplies,  Lynchburg  offers 
prospects  and  inducements  to  the  capitalist  such  as  few  localities  in 
the  United  States  can  justly  present,  as  a  careful  perusal  of  this  volume 
to  its  end — based,  as  its  statements  are,  upon  official  facts  and  figures 
exclusively — will  fully  demonstrate. 


tTS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE.  5  I 


HISTORICAL. 


EARLY  DAYS. 

Wa  ike  that  of  every  other  American  City,  the  History  of  Lynchburg 
jlfif  is  inseparable  in  its  early  pages  from  that  of  the  whole  Conti- 
"^^  nent.  It  will  not  be  necessary,  therefore,  for  the  purposes  of 
this  SKETCH  BOOK  to  inflict  upon  the  intelligent  reader  the  familiar 
story  of  the  great  navigators,  Cabot,  Columbus,  Amadas,  and  the  rest 
— not  to  mention  the  still  more  remote,  and  therefore  still  less  authen- 
tic, Madoc — nor  need  we  recount  the  virtues  of  the  aboriginal  tribes, 
to-\\it  ;  the  Susquehanocks,  Pamaunkees  and  Chickahominies,  with 
their  renowned  chieftains,  Winginia  and  Granganameo,  Powhatan  and 
Opechankanough — distinguished  alike  for  the  euphony  of  their  names 
and  the  simple  amiability  of  their  dispositions ;  still  less  desirable 
would  be  the  vain  attempt  to  clothe  the  touching  narrative  of  Poca- 
hontas with  some  new-found  element  of  romance,  or  to  enlarge  upon 
the  thrilling  adventures  and  "  hair-breadth  'scapes  "  of  the  great  original 
Anglo-American  John  Smith!  Suffice  it  to  say  that  these  worthy 
people — or  others  like  them — certainly  lived  and  flourished,  some- 
where in  Virginia,  and  at  a  period  not  many  centuries  prior  to  the 
birth  of  Lynchburg's  "oldest  inhabitant  " — that  is,  if  history  and  tradi- 
tion be  as  trustworthy  as  some  people  seem  to  think. 

That  the  Colony  was  regarded  as  a  most  desirable  place  of  residence, 
even  in  the  remote  days  of  its  first  organized  settlement,  may  be 
gathered  from  the  often-quoted  expression  of  the  Captain  John  Smith 
above  referred  to — "  Heaven  and  Earth  never  agreed  better  to  frame 
a  place  for  Man's  habitation." 

At  that  time  the  whole  of  the  North  American  Continent,  as  far  as 
discovered,  went  under  the  general  name  of  Virginia,  but  as  the  vast 
extent  of  the  territory  began  to  be  appreciated,  it  was  found  expedient 
to  divide  it  into  two  sections — North  Virginia  and  South  Virginia — the 
former  embracing  all  the  country  lying  to  the  northward  of  the  en- 
trance to  Chesapeake  Bay,  and  the  latter  extending  southerly  from 
the  same  point  as  far  as  the  Cape  of  Florida. 

On  March  25th,  1584,  letters  patent  were  issued  by  "  Bonnie  Queen 


5- 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA.  ; 


Bess,"  granting  the  whole  American  Colony  to  "  that  great  ornament 
of  the  British  Nation/'  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  who  immediately  formed 
a  sort  of  joint-stock  company  for  the  purpose  of  fitting  out  an  expedi- 
tion to  settle  his  new  possessions. 

After  a  long  and  stormy  voyage,  this  expedition  landed,  as  every 
schoolboy  knows,  on  Roanoke  Island,  now  a  part  of  North  Carolina,, 
and  at  once  opened  commercial  negotiations  with  the  neighboring 
Indians,  with  most  profitable  results. 

Referring  to  this  distant  period  of  Virginia's  history,  Colonel  Wm. 
Byrd,  in  his  lVestoz>a'  Manuscripts,  quaintly  remarks  : 

"Amongst  other  Indian  Commodities,  they  brought  over  Some  of 
of  that  bewitching  Vegetable,  Tobacco.  And  this  being  the  first  that 
ever  came  to  England,  Sir  Walter  thought  that  he  could  do  no  less 
than  make  a  present  of  Some  of  the  brightest  of  it  to  His  Roial  Mis- 
tress, for  her  own  Smoaking.  The  Queen  graciously  accepted  of  it, 
but  finding  her  Stomach  sicken  after  two  or  three  Whiffs,  it  was  pres- 
ently whispered  by  the  earl  of  Leicester's  Faction  that  Sir  Walter  had 
certainly  Poisoned  Her.  But  Her  Majesty  soon  recovering  her  dis- 
order, obliged  the  Countess  of  Nottinghan  and  all  her  Maids  to 
Smoak  a  whole  Pipe  out  amongst  them." 

So  this  was  the  microscopic  starting  point  from  which  such  vast  re- 
sults were  to  follow,  as  the  tide  of  time  rolled  on.  The  agricultural 
importance  of  a  large  area  of  Virginia,  North  Carolina  and  other 
States,  the  wealth  of  their  citizens,  and  the  establishment  of  many  a 
flourishing  town  and  city  within  their  borders — all  these  things,  and 
more,  are  traceable  to  the  discovery,  two  centuries  ago,  of  a  nauseating 
weed  !  What  power  is  there  even  in  a  wreath  of  smoke,  provided 
only  that  it  issue  from  royal  lips ! 

But  tobacco  was  not  the  only  valuable  product  of  spontaneous 
•j-rowth  found  by  the  pioneer  adventurers  in  this  new  Paradise,  and 
reported  by  them  to  their  friends  across  the  main.  Indeed,  the 
accounts  given  of  the  Colony  by  those  returning  from  its  shores  were 
so  uniformly  captivating,  that  it  shortly  became  the  "  modish  frenzy  " 
to  emigrate  and  share  the  delights  thus  lavished  by  prodigal  Nature. 

Unfortunately,  however,  the  new  settlers  were,  as  a  rule,  both  idle 
and  extravagant,  and  had  been  tempted  hither  chiefly  by  the  prospect 
of  absolute  exemption  from  the  necessity  for  labor,  and  abundant 
opportunity  for  the  free  indulgence  of  vice. 

Reckless  waste  and  persistent  improvidence  led,  as  might  have  been 
expected,  to  numerous  disappointments  and  misadventures,  as  well  as 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


53 


to  some  very  rough  treatment  at  the  hands  of  the  savage  red-skins. 
As  a  consequence,  the  rage  for  trans-Atlantic  emigration  cooled  down 
completely,  and  was  not  revived  till  about  the  year  1606,  when  the 
colonization  project  received  fresh  impetus  by  the  admission  of  the 
Earl  of  Southampton  and  other  wealthy  speculators  into  the  Company. 
A  hundred  picked  men  were  then  sent  out  by  the  new  management 
and  landed  at  Point  Comfort,  on  the  waters  of  the  "  Chesapik,"  where 


NINTH  (BRIDGE)  STREET  AND  AMHERST  HEIGHTS. 

(from  court  house  hill.  ) 

they  built  a  fort  and  managed  to  stand  their  ground  from  that  time 
forward,  in  spite  of — possibly  helped  by — the  blunders  of  their  pre- 
decessors. 

Many  and  various  were  the  calamities  that  subsequently  befel  the 
infant  Colony,  but  still  it  continued  to  grow  in  strength  and  wisdom, 
and  to  exert  its  influence  and  authority  over  the  tribes  of  untamed 
Indians,  whose  active  hostility  was  a  perpetual  menace  to  its  existence. 


54  SKErCM    BOOK    OF    LYNCH  BURC;,   VA.  ; 

TAZEWKLL   M.  Mel 'OlvKLK.  H.  A.  SOTTTHALL. 

McCORKLE,  SOUTHALL  &  Co.. 

■  1!      ^./l*^■^  •-  '<^r\:^  _        _        _  '""'^^h nTrrr    vt'^'itiI 


We  encbavor  to  keep  the  best  of  all  articles  in  our  line. 

We  guarantee  purity. 

We  will  not  handle  adulterated  food  products  knowingly. 

If  any  goods  purchased  of  us  are  not  as  represented,  we  want  them 
returned. 

O.'ders  sent  u^  shall  have  thj  same  care  and  attjntion  as  if  patrons 
Avere  present. 

We  will  always  give  }'ou  good  weiglits,  good  goods  and  good  will. 

In  STAPLE  GOODS  we  select  in  each  d„^partment  acccording  to 
QUALITY. 

In  TABLE  LUXURIES  and  in  all  delicacies  for  the  sick,  we  excel. 

We  toast  our  own  Coffees  fresh  every  week. 

In  FOREIGN  FRUITS  and  CONFECTIONERY,  we  select  from 
the  freshest  offerings  on  the  market 

When  you  want  a  fragrant  Havana  Cigar  or  a  genuine  Key  West, 
we  can  supply  you.       Our 

FINE  FLOUR  OF  THE  ENTIRE  WHEAT 

is  superior  to  any  wheat  meal  or  "Graham  "  flour,  because  it  does  not 
contain  any  coarse,  irritating  bran  particles,  or  indigestible  husk  of  the 
wheat,  which  are  unavoidably  present  and  a  part  of  all  wheat  meals 
and   "Graham"  Hours.      Will  sell  you  any  quantity. 

We  offer  inducements  in  FINE  ENGLISH  BREAKFAST,  MO- 
YUNE  GUNPOWDER  and  fragrant  OOLONG  TEAS.  W^e  will  not 
handle  any  but  good  chop. 

Our  HOUSEHOLD  AMMONIA  will  please  you,  for  the  toilet, 
laundry,  and  for  the  bath,  as  well  as  for  cleansing  and  the  sick  chamber. 
Pint  bottles,  25  cents. 

WE  SELL  SUGARS  AT  COST. 

HE-NO  TPLA — the  kind  used  by  the  Chinese — at  20c.,  40c.,  80c. 

FRESH  BUTTER  A  SPECIALTY. 

I'^arly  fruits  and  vegetables  supplied  in  season. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TKADF. 


55 


The  gradual  division  of  the  country  into  separate  colonies,  which 
have  since  become  Sovereign  States,  belongs  to  general  American 
Histor}-,  and  need  not  be  enlarged  upon  here. 


"^ 


yi 


DIVISION  OF  VIRGINIy\  INTO  SHIRES. 

The  first  historical  event  in  which  the  L}'nchburg  people  of  to-day 
may  reasonably  be  supposed  to  feel  any  special  interest,  occurred  in 
1634,  when  the  Colony  of  Virginia  was  divided  into  eight  "Shires," 


56 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA.  ; 

LEE  &  COMPANY 

I       I 


iUay^i 


i^^iQH  Immi 


AND  DEALERS  IN 


BALED  FORAGE  OF  ALL  KINIKS,  CORN  AND  CORX  MEAL, 
OATS,  SHIP  STUFF,  ETC. 


MILLERS'  AGENTS  FOR  FLOUR  OF  ALL  GRADES. 


"We  solicit  consii^-iimeiits  of  Coun'try  Produce  of  all  kinds.  ;iiid  ijuarantee  to  do 
as  well  for  you  as  any  house  in  the  State.  We  make  a  specialty  of  Fi.our  of  all  grades. 
Our  Leadin<;  Rrands  of  Fine  Patents  are  White  Rosi'  and  Virjiiiiia  Rose  Family, 
Catawba  and  Valley  Mills  Extra,  &c.,  &c.    Special  prices  to  parties  biiyiuij  car  loads. 

927  Main,  and  I200  and  I202  Jefferson  Street, 

LYNCHBURG.    VIRGINLV. 


DoHERTY  &  Fortune, 


-DK  VLEUS  IX- 


STOVES  AND  TIN-WARE^ 

No.  218  &  220  TWKLFTH  STREET,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


Tin  and  Slate  Roofing',  Gutterinir  and  Repiirin-x.  in  city  or  country,  done  Promptly 
and  on  Reasonable  Terms. 


LYNCHBURG  BOX  CO., 

:\rAN[;FACTUKERS  OF 

Tobacco  BoKes,  Cip  aod  Smokiog  Cases,  k, 

CORNER  CLAY  AND  TWELFTH  STS,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


jg!^^  Button  wood  Boxes  a  .specialty.      Shooks  in  car  lots  at  lowest 
figures. 


JTS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


\1 


which  were  to  be  governed  Hke  their  EngHsh  prototypes ;  lieutenants 
were  to  be  appointed,  whose  special  duty  it  should  be  to  keep  a  wary 
eye  and  a  heavy  hand  upon  the  hostile  Indians;  sheriffs,  sergeants, 
bailiffs  and  other  officials  were  to  be  elected  for  the  purposes  of  en- 
forcing the  law  and  administering  the  local  government. 

One  of  these  Shires — the  only  one  with  which  we  are  at  present 
concerned — was  named  Warrosquyoake  (or  Warrosquoyacke,  or  War 
rosquijoake),  but  this  barbarous  and  unpronounceable  appellation  was 
abandoned  in  1639,  o"  the  occasion  of  the  subdivision  of  Warros- 
quyoakeshire  into  the  counties  of  Isle  of  Wight,  Norfolk  and  Nanse- 
mond. 


MR.  JAMES  I.  LEE'S  RESIDENCE. 

(on  CABELL  STREET,  DANIEL'S  HILL.) 

In  1652,  Surry  County,  adjoining  Isle  of  Wight,  was  formed,  and, 
from  portions  of  these  two,  the  County  of  Brunswick  was  set  apart  in 
1720.  Lunenburg  County  was  formed  from  Brunswick  in  1746,  and, 
seven  years  later,  Bedford  County  was  carved  out  of  Lunenburg. 

CAMPBELL  COUNTY  SET  APART. 

Campbell  County,  in  which  Lynchburg  is  situated,  was  formed 
from  Bedford  County  in  1784,  and  named  in  honor  of  General  William 
Campbell,  a  distinguished  officer  of  the  American  Revolution.  In 
form  Campbell  County  is  nearly  square,  each  side  being  about  twenty- 
five  miles  long.  Its  area  is  about  335,000  acres,  or  525  square  miles. 
Its  surface  is  undulating  and  broken,  and  its  soil  very  productive.      It 


5S  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

is  bounded  on  the  northwest  by  th.e  James  River  and  Amherst 
County  ;  on  the  northeast  by  Appoinattox  County  ;  on  the  southeast 
by  Charlotte  County ;  on  the  south  by  the  Staunton  River  and  Hah- 
fax  and  Pittsylvania  Counties ;    and  on  the  west  by  Bedford  County. 

The  James  and  Staunton  Rivers  are  navigable  far  above  the  county 
limits  for  boats,  thus  opening  direct  water  communication  with  Chesa- 
peake Bay  and  Albemarle  Sound.  In  1840  the  population  af  Camp- 
bell County  was  21,030,  of  whom  10,213  were  white,  10,045  slaves, 
and  772  free  colored. 

Besides  the  City  of  Lynchburg,  there  are  several  important  towns 
and  villages  within  the  boundaries  of  Campbell  County  ;  among  v^hich 
are  Rustburg,  formerly  Campbell  Court  House,  the  county  seat,  about 
twelve  miles  to  the  southward  of  Lynchburg,  Brookneal,  Leesville 
and  New  London. 

Mr.  Howe,  in  his  "Historical  Collections  of  Virginia."  published 
in  1S56,  thus  mentions  our  flourishing  City: 

"Lynchburg,  the  fifth  town  in  population  in  Virginia,  is  situated  on 
a  steep  declivity  on  the  south  bank  of  James  River,  in  the  midst  of 
bold  and  beautiful  scenery,  within  view  of  the  l^Iue  Ridge  and  the 
Peaks  of  Otter,  and  1 16  miles  westerly  from  Richmond.  This  town 
was  established  in  October,  1 786,  when  it  was  enacted  '  that  45  acres 
of  land,  the  property  of  John  Lynch,  and  lying  contiguous  to  Lynch's 
Ferry,  are  hereby  vested  in  John  Clarke,  Adam  Clement,  Charles 
Lynch,  }ohn  Callaway,  Achilles  Douglass.  William  Martin,  Jesse  Bur- 
ton, Joseph  Stratton,  Micajah  Moorman  and  Charles  Brooks,  gentle- 
men, trustees,  to  be  by  them,  or  any  six  of  them,  laid  off  in  lots  of 
half  an  acre  each,  with  convenient  streets,  and  established  a  town  by 
the  name  of  Lynchburg. '  The  father  of  the  above  named  John  Lynch 
was  an  Irish  emigrant,  and  took  up  land  here  previous  to  the  Revolu- 
tion. His  place,  then  called  Che.stnut  Hill,  afterwards  the  seat  of  Judge 
Edmund  Winston,  was  two  miles  below  here.  At  his  death,  the 
present  site  of  Lynchburg  fell  to  his  son  John,  by  whose  exertions 
the  town  was  established.  The  original  founder  of  Lynchburg  was  a 
member  of  the  demonination  of  Friends,  and  a  plain  man,  of  strict 
integrity  and  great  benevolence  of  character.  He  died  about  twenty 
years  since,  at  a  very  advanced  age.  At  the  time  of  the  formation 
of  the  Town,  there  was  but  a  single  house,  the  ferry  house,  which  stood 
where  the  toll-house  to  the  bridge  now  is.  A  tobacco  warehouse  and 
two  or  three  stores  were  thereupon  built  under  the  hill,  and  it  was 
sometime  before  any  buildings  were  erected  upon  the  main  street. 
The  growth  of  the  place  has  been  gradual.  In  1804,  a  Methodist 
P^piscopal  Church  was  erected  upon  the  site  of  the  present  one,  and 


TTS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


?9 


■shortly  after  a  market  was  established.  The  first  Sabbath  School  in 
.the  State  was  formed  in  the  church  above  mentioned,  in  the  spring  of 
1817,  by  George  Walker,  James  McGehee  and  John  Thurman.  The 
next  churches  built  were  the  First  Presbyterian,  the  Baptist,  the 
Protestant  P^piscopal,  the  Protestant  Methodist,  the  Second  Presby- 
terian and  a  Friends'  meeting  house  in  the  outskirts  of  the  town.  The 
Catholic  and  Universalist  Churches  were  erected  in  1-843," 

FORTY-FIVE  YEARS  AGO. 
in  1843  the  LyncJiburg  Republican  published  the  annexed  communi- 


THE  OLD  MARKET  HOUSE  ON  NINTH  STREET. 

(built  18l:J.      REMOVED  1873.) 

cation,  which    is    reproduced    here    for    the    sake    of  the  interesting 
statistical  information  it  contains: 

"  The  census  of  1840  showed  a  population  af  upwards  of  five  thou- 
sand. Since  that  time  there  has  been  a  considerable  accession  to  the 
number  of  buildings,  from  which  we  may  safely  assume  that  our  present 
population  reaches,  if  it  does  not  exceed,  6,000.  The  extent  of  the 
Tobacco  Trade  of  Lynchburg  may  be  judged  of  from  the  fact  that 
upwards  of  fifteen  thousand  hogsheads  have  already  been  inspected 
here  the  present  year — a  number  which  far  exceeds  all  previous  cal- 
culation.    We  have  about  thirty  tobacco  factories  and  stemmeries, 


6o  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

JOHN    H.  LEWIS. 

813   MAIN  STREET, 

(P.O.  BOX  2»)  LYNCHBURG,  VA 


1021.  Is/£a.ir3.  Street,  -  I_i3;^::n.c3:i."b-CLrg-,  T7"ir=:-iiij.a.. 


JOHN  W.  ROBINSON,      U.  B.  TATE.       W.  H.  WREN.      W.  H.  MCLAUGHLIN. 

ROBINSON,  TATE  &  Co., 
WHOLESALE   GROCERS 

AND 

COMMISSION  MERCHANTS, 

317  Main  Street,    Lynchburg,  Virginia, 


)rclcr.s  by  mail  or  t:'L\L';r.'i[)h  receive  i)r!>nipt  attention.      Consign- 
ments solicited. 


FAMILY  GROCERIES,.  CONFECTMERIErFRUITS,  CI9ARS,  TOBACCOS,  &c. 

No.  712  Main  SI  net,  Lj  tielil>iiry,  Va. 


I003   MABN   STREET, 

I.VXCIIBT^iG,  VIRGINIA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


6l 


f^ivinq-  emplo}-inent  to  about  1,000  hands;  three  flouring  mills, 
manufacturing,  I  am  told,  about  20,000  barrels  of  flour  annually ; 
one  cotton  factory,  operating  1,400  spindles;  iron  foundries,  which 
consume,  probably,  lOO  tons  pig  iron  annually.  More  than  100,- 
000  bushels  of  wheat  are  sold  here  yearly,  300  tons  bar  iron,  200 
tons  pig  metal  sold  to  the  country;  i,oco  tons  plaster  of  Paris. 
About  50  dry  goods  and  grocery  stores — selling  in  the  aggre- 
gate, more  than  one    million    dollars'  worth    of   goods         Some    of 


COURT  STREET,  LOOKING  NORTH  WEST  FR0:M  COURT  ROUSE. 

our  stores  are  so  extensive  and  elegant  as  not  to  suffer  by  a 
coinparison  with  those  of  Philadelphia  and  New  York — 4  apothecaries 
and  druggists;  several  cabinet  manufactories;  4  saddle  and  harness 
manufactories;  10  blacksmith  shops;  several  excellent  hotels;  5 
jewelers'  establishments;   2  printing  offices. 

"There  are  here  branches  of  the  Bank  of  Virginia  and  the  Farmers' 
Bank  of  Virginia,  and  also  three  Savings  Banks.  Seven  flourishing 
Sabbath  .Schools,  with  from  700  to  i,oco  scholars.  One  debating 
society,   with    a  library   of  several    thousand  volumes,  &c.,   &c.,  &c. 


62  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA. ; 

_• r-p-pq — p^-i ._ 

NATIONAL  EXCHANGE  BANK, 

OF  Lynchburg. 

This  popular  and  successful  financial  institution  was  established 
in  1 88 1  under  most  favorable  auspices,  and  its  almofet  phenomenal 
prosperity  has  more  than  justified  the  sanguine  expectations  of  its  pro- 
jectors and  friends.  Its  office,  on  the  corner  of  Main  and  Eighth 
Streets,  was  formerly  occupied  by  the  private  banking  house  of  Miller 
&  Franklin,  who  began  business  immediately  after  the  war,  and  built 
up  a  large  and  wealthy  connection.  On  the  death  of  the  senior  part- 
ner, Mr.  John  M.  Miller,  the  firm  was  dissolved,  and  the  National 
Exchange  Bank  not  only  succeeded  it  as  tenants  of  the  building,  but 
also  inherited  a  large  proportion  of  its  business.  ■ 

Under  the  judicious  and  watchful  management  of  its  officers,  com- 
bined with  its  uniformly  courteous  and  accommodating  policy  towards 
its  customers  and  the  public  generally,  it  has  accumulated  deposits 
equal  in  amount  to  any  in  the  City,  while  the  latest  published  quota- 
tions, based  upon  actual  .sales,  place  the  stock  of  the  National  Ex- 
change at  the  head  of  the  list  of  Lynchburg  Banks.  Its  capital  is 
$100,000;  its  surplus,  $25,000,  and  its  undivided  profits,  $12,61  T.OI. 
The  following  is  a  list  of  its  present  Officers :  President,  George  M. 
Jones;  Vice-Presidoit,  I.  H.  Adams;  Cas/ncr,  Camillus  Christian; 
Directors,  George  M.  Jones,  I.  H.  Adams,  S.  B.  Ferguson,  Thomas 
E.  Murrell,  N.  C.  Manson,  Jr.,  T.  D.  Jennings,  G.  H.  Nowlin,  W. 
A.  Strother,  George  P.  Watkins,  S.  W.  Nowlin,  Charles  Scott,  Jr.; 
Teller,  D.  T.  M\^z\\^\\;  Bookkeepers,  J.  B.  Nowlin,  E.  P.  Miller  and  VV. 
G.  Christian. 

The  National  Exchange  Bank  conducts  a  regular  banking  business 
in  all  its  branches,  at  home  and  abroad,  and  is,  in  all  respects,  a  per- 
fectly safe  and  trustworthy  institution. 

R  W.  THURMAN, 

STENCIL  CUTTER,  RUBBER  STAMP  MftNUFIlCTURER, 

AND  GENERAL  REPAIRER. 

HOTELS,   PRIVATE  RESIDENCES    AND    BUILDINGS   OP    ALL    KINDS,  FITTED    UP 
WITH  ELECTRIC  BELLS,  GONGH,  ANNUNCIATORS,  &C.,  &C. 

623    MAIN  STREET,  -  -  -  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


63 


From  the  hasty'  view  I  have  presented,  and  which  by  no  means  does 
justice  to  the  industry  and  enterprise  of  our  citizens,  it  will  be  seen 
that  we  have  already  the  elements  of  a  flourishing  City.  But  I  have 
said  nothing  of  the  magnificent  line  of  canal,  now  in  the  '  full  tide  of 
successful  experiment,'  between  this  place  and  Richmond,  from  which 
we  are  distant  147  miles  by  water.  This  splendid  work,  the  pride  and 
boast  of  Virginia,  opens  to  Lynchburg  the  brightest  era  which  has 
ever  yet  dawned  upon  her  fortunes,  securing  to  us  a  safe,  speedy  and 
cheap  navigation  for  the  immense  produce  shipped  annually  to  Rich- 
mond and  the  North — and  destined,  as  the  writer  believes,  to  furnish 


WATER  WORKS  DAM  AND  "  LOVER'S  LEAP." 

a  great  thoroughfare  for  the  countless  thousands  of  produce  and 
merchandise  for  the  western  and  southwestern  part  of  our  .State,  as 
well  as  Tennessee,  Alabama,  &c." 


"LYNCH  LAW." 

With  regard  to  the  origin  of  this  judicial  eccentricity,  or  rather  of 
the  name  by  which  it  is  now  universally  recognized,  several  theories 
have  been  advanced.  Local  tradition  has  ascribed  it  to  the  justifiable, 
if  lawless,  methods  of  enforcing  the  social  virtues,  practiced  by  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Lynch  family  of  this  neighborhood,  one  of  whom  founded 
the  City  ;  and  this  opinion  seems  to  have  been  unhesitatingly  adopted 
by  Mr.  Howe,  who   thus  expresses  it  in  his  Historical  Collections : 


64  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

"  Col.  Charles  Lynch,  a  brother  of  the  founder  of  Lynchburg",  was 
an  officer  of  the  American  Revolution.  His  residence  was  on  the 
Staunton,  in  the  southwest  part  of  this  County,  now  the  seat  of  his 
grandson,  Charles  Henry  Lynch,  Esq.  At  that  time  this  country  was 
very  thinly  settled,  and  infested  by  a  lawless  band  of  tories  and  des- 
peradoes. The  necessity  of  the  case  involved  desperate  measures,  and 
Col.  Lynch,  then  a  leading  Whig,  apprehended  and  had  them  punished, 
without  any  superfluous  legal  ceremony.  Hence  the  origin  of  the  term 
Lynch  Lazv.  This  practice  of  lynching  continued  years  after  the  war, 
and  was  applied  to  many  cases  of  mere  suspicion  of  guilt,  which  could 
not  be  regularly  proven.  '  In  1792,'  says  Wirt's  Life  of  Henry,  '  there 
were  many  suits  on  the  south  side  of  James  River  for  inflicting  Lynch's 
law. '  At  the  battle  of  Guildford  Court  House,  a  regiment  of  riflemen, 
raised  in  this  part  of  the  State,  under  the  command  of  Col.  Lynch, 
behaved  with  much  gallantry.  The  Colonel  died  soon  after  the  close 
of  the  war.     Charles  Lynch,  a  Governor  of  Louisiana,  was  his  son." 

But  alas  for  the  infallibility  of  local  tradition  and  the  unanimity  of 
local  opinion  !  Referring  to  the  above,  a  correspondent  of  the  Lynch- 
burg Virginian  writes  to  that  paper,  on  November  20th,  1886,  over  the 
initial  "  W,"  as  follows: 

*  :]:  *  *  *  *  * 

"This  Colonel  Charles  Lynch  was  a  brother  to  John  Lynch,  after 
whom  our  city  was  named.  They  were  the  sons  of  John  Lynch,  who 
came  from  Ireland  and  took  up  lands  in  this  vicinity.  He  is  said  to 
have  come  from  Limerick. 

"  Now  the  reading  of  this  article  recalled  to  my  mind  a  different  and 
more  remote  origin  of  the  term  '  Lynch  Law,'  which  I  remember  to 
have  seen  many  years  ago. 

"The  story  was  to  this  effect:  Many  years  ago,  the  Mayor  of 
Limerick,  named  Lynch,  was  a  merchant  of  high  character,  stern  integ- 
rity, and  an  abiding  sense  of  justice,  a  man  of  great  popularity  and  of 
unblemished  credit. 

"  He  was  accustomed  to  buy  largely  from  Spani.sh  merchants,  and 
upon  one  occasion  sent  his  own  son  to  Spain  to  lay  in  a  cargo  of 
goods;  but  the  young  man,  finding  the  fascinations  and  pleasures 
around  him  too  strong  for  his  self-control,  v/asted  the  money  entrusted 
to  him,  and  was  forced,  in  shame,  to  go  to  the  merchants  with  whom 
he  had  left  orders,  and  countermand  them,  saying  he  could  not  make 
payment.  Their  reply  was :  '  The  credit  of  your  house  is  too  good  and 
well-established  for  us  to  refuse  to  send  the  goods,  and  we  will  ship  . 
them  and  send  our  agents  along  with  you,  and  your  house  can  make 
])ayment  to  them  upon  their  arrival,  or  at  such  time  as  it  may  prefer.' 
To  this  the  young  man  agreed,  and  so  they  set  out  upon  their  voyage. 
But,  in  mid-ocean,  he  concluded  to  throw  the  agents  overboard,  and 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


65 


SO  escape  payment  and  the  indignation  of  his  father.  But,  upon  his 
arrival  in  port,  his  father  heard  the  story  from  some  of  the  crew,  and 
immediately  had  his  son  arrested  and  confined  in  his  own  castle,  a 
stronghold. 

"The  citizens,  upon  hearing  this  fact,  assembled  around  the  castle  and 
demanded  the  release  of  the  son.  The  stern  but  just  old  father  said 
to  them  that,  in  his  official  capacity,  he  knew  no  man's  son,  and  that 


RESIDENCES  ON  COURT  STREET. 

DR.  E.  A.  CRAIGHILL.  MR.  R.  T.  CRAIGHILL. 


it  should  not  be  said  of  him  that  he,  who  always  endeavored  to  sup- 
port the  majesty  of  the  law,  would  be  less  exacting  in  his  measure  of 
justice  because  it  was  his  own  son  who  was  the  offender.  He  was 
told  in  return  that  his  son  should  not  be  brought  to  trial  for  the 
murder  of  the  Spaniards,  and  that,  unless  he  opened  the  castle  doors 
they  would  be  broken  down.  The  father,  thus  seeing  that  the  law 
would  be  wrenched  out  of  his  hands,  placed  a  halter  round  the  neck 
of  his  son  and  had  him  suspended  from  the  window  above  the  heads 
of  the  infuriated  citizens.  This  summary  execution,  without  the  form 
of  trial,  was  then  and  there  called  '  Lynch  Law.' 


66 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ," 

R.  R.  GOODMAN, 


MANUFACTURER  UF 


obacco  iogshcads,  f  icrcGs,  Gases 


And  all  Kikds  of  Packikg  Boxes. 


/^ 

m 

< 

TtI 

X 

> 

rTu 

< 

c 

l-M 

m 

) — t 

'X 

o 

o 

\ — < 

X 

X 

5^ 

o 

Sw- 

PLANING  ILL  AND  WOOD  WOlIl  iiCHlNElil 


Flooring,  Ceiling  and  Lumber  Dressed  at  Short  Notice. 


BRACKETS.         WINDOW  kM  DOOR  FRAMES.       MLL  SAWING. 
MOULDINGS.  STORE  FRONTS,  k. 


IIIMII^'*  •  •««—  #  "^lltlll 


MILL,  YARDS   AND   OFFICE  : 


1300  to  1310  JEFFERSON  STREET, 


LY^'CHBUEG,  VA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


67 


"  Your  correspondent  chanced  to  mention  the  above  account  to  a 
gentleman  of  much  intelligence,  born  in  Ireland,  who  replied  that  he 
was  familiar  with  the  story,  having  heard  it  many  years  ago. 

"It  now  occurs  to  me,  that  as  the  above-named  Charles  Lynch,  of 
Revolutionary  memory,  the  originator  of  this  form  of  justice  here,  was 
of  Irish  parentage,  he  had  learned  this  story  of  his  own  namesake — 
and,  maybe,  progenitor — of  Limerick,  and  so  determined  to  introduce 
into  America  this  Irish  form  of  iustice." 


THE  BIRTH  PLACE  OF  THE  CELEBRATED  -LONE  JACK." 

(in  rear  of  new  factory — TWELFTH  STREET.) 

And  alas,  again,  for  the  stability  of  the  claim  thus  set  up  for  Lim- 
erick, as  having  given  to  the  world  a  new  code  of  judicial  procedure  and 
to  the  dictionary  a  new  word!  As  regards  the  latter,  however,  it 
cannot  be  denied  that  the  Emerald  Isle  is  quite  equal  to  the  achieve- 
ment, as  witness  the  frequent  and  general  adaptation  of  the  modern 
"  boycott." 

On  the  subject  under  discussion,  the  Encyclopedia  Bntamca,  (vol. 
XV,  p.  105)  pronounces  as  follows — and  in  so  doing  furnishes  evidence 
of  careful  research  and  impartial  judgment: 


6S 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA. 

TKCE 


\ 


>1 


1  1 


H 


IS  FUBLISHEI] 

DAILI,  SEMI-WEEKLY  AND  WEEKLY, 


AND  HAS  THE 


Largest  nnulation    (Sworn   to)  of  any  Newspaper    in  Yirginia- 

WEST  OP  RICHMOND,  AND  IS  THE 

IIG IDIUM  IN  THE  STSIL 


«<THE  •  ADVANCE)* 

Is  the  only  paper  in  the  City  which  takes  the  New  York  Associated. 

Press  Dispatches,  thereby  giving  ALL  THE  LATEST  HOME 

AND  FOREIGN  NEWS,  and  reachcs  its  patrons  in  Sonth- 

west  Virginia  from  twelve  to  fifteen  hours 

AHEAD  OF  THE  MORNING  PAPERS. 

DAILY,  one  year..... $4  00 

SEMI-WEEKLY,  one  year 2  00 

WEEKLY,  one  year 75 

SAMPLE  COPIES  FREE.    ADDRESS: 

ADVANCE  PRINTING  AND  PUBLISHING  CO,, 
LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE, 


69 


"  Lynch  Law.  a  term  used  in  the  United  States  to  characterize  the 
action  of  private  individuals,  organized  bodies  of  men,  or  disorderly 
mobs,  who,  without  legal  authority,  proceed  to  punish,  by  hanging-  or 
otherwise,  real  or  suspected  criminals,  without  a  trial  according  to^the 
ordinary  forms  of  law.  The  origin  of  the  term  is  doubtful.  Ameri- 
can lexicographers  generally  refer  it  to  the  practice  of  a  Virginia 
farmer  of  the  17th  century,  named  Lynch,  who,  when  he  caught  a 
wrong-doer,  was  wont  to  tie  him  to  a  tree  and  flog  him,  without  waiting 
to  summon  the  officers  of  the  law.      He  is  also  said  to  have  acted,  by 


CITY  HALL  AND  COURT  HOUSE. 


request  of  his  neighbors,  though  without  any  legal  authority,  as  a  judge  in 
the  summary  trial  of  persons  accused  of  crime.  Others  trace  the  origin 
of  the  name  to  the  act  of  James  Fitzstephen  Lynch,  mayor  and  warden 
of  Gal  way,  Ireland,  in  1493,  ^'^'^o  '•'^  said  to  have  '  hanged  his  own  son 
out  of  the  window  for  defrauding  and  killing  strangers,  without  martial 
or  common  law,  to  show  a  good  example  to  posterity.'  Others  trace 
it  still  further  to  the  old  Anglo-Saxon  verb  linch,  meaning  to  beat 
v/ith  a  club,  to  chastise,  &c.,  which  they  assert  has  survived  in  this 
cognate  meaning  in  America,  as  have  many  other  words  and  expres- 
sions long  obsolete  in  Great  Britain." 

But,  however  thickly  veiled  in  mystery  the  true  origin  of  "  Lynch 
Law"  may  be,  or  may  be  destined  to  remain,  and  whether  it  was  really 
indigenous  to  this  fair  region  of  the  Old  Dominion  or  not,  it  must  be 
comforting  to  the  patriotic  Lynchburger  to  feel  that  the  fame  of  his 
City  need  not  rely  entirely  upon  the  final  unravelling  of  this  knotty 


70 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCH  r.UKG,   VA.  ; 


(SUCCf:SS(>RS  TO  NOWLIN  HKOS.  &  CO.) 

AVHOLESALE    GROCERS 


-AND- 


Commissio 


HIGH  GRADES  FAMILY  FLOUR  A  SPECIALTY 

AGENTS  FOR 


The  Hazard  Po\A^der  Co. 
Hercules  Dynamite  Co. 
Bradley  Plows  and   Castings. 


Manufactured  Tobacco. 
Bethesda  Springs. 
Montague's  Linii-iient. 


No.  70I   MAI^J  STREET, 


LYNCHBURG  NATIONAL  BANK, 


TJ.  S.  IDEI=>OSIT^ft!i-R"2'. 


CAPITAL:  $250,000.  SURPLUS:  SSo.ooo. 

JAMES  CLARK,  Presidetit.         C.  DeWITT,   Vicc-Prciident.         PETER  J.  OTEY,  Cashier. 

G.  W.  MOORE,  .111.,  Teller.  .1.  .M.  MILLER,  Jr.,  Discount  Clerk. 

JOS.  S.  GORDON,  GeiiH  Book- Keeper.  IL  S.  STABLER,  A ss't  Book- Keeper. 

GEORGE  WARD,  Janitor. 

DIRECTORS  "—James  Clark,  <-.  DeWitt,  Jno.  W.  Carroll,  Geo.  W.  Pjilmer,  J.  P.  Bell, 

Max  GusSPiilu'iiner,  Jr.,  S.  M.  McCorkle,  W.  A.  Carpenter,  J.  W  .Chiltls,  W.  V.  Wilson,  Jr., 

S.  L.  Moorman. 

dkaIjEu  in 

Bee,   Coal,   Wood    and    Baled    Forage. 

12U0  to  1230  .JEFFERSON  STREET,  LYNCH BURCi,  VA. 
>ri>'' Particular  Attention  given  to  the  shipping  of  COAL  and  ICE. 


M.  H.  HAYTHE,       -^ 

iCriminal  Law  and  Collecliunf!.) 


C.  J.  SEHORN. 

(Lands  and  Titles.) 


HAYTHE  &  SEHORN, 

Ninth  Si.,  over  P.  A.  Krise's  Bank. 
Notary  IN  THE  Office.  LynChbUTg,    VQ. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  y\ 

question.  There  can  at  least  be  no  doubt  as  to  the  fact  that  Lynch- 
burg has  given  birth  to  other  equally  famous  and  much  more  credit- 
able progeny,  about  whose  paternity  there  is  no  room  for  argument. 
Among  these  may  be  mentioned  "  Lone  lack,"  whose  excellence  is 
familiar  to  e\'ery  consumer  of  the  "Celestial  weed  "  in  every  quarter 
of  the  globe — alike  within  the  frozen  belt  of  the  Polar  Zone  and 
beneath  the  scorching  rays  of  the  tropical  sun — in  the  mining  camp 
of  the  Far  West  and  on  the  sheep  run  of  the  Antipodes.  There  are 
other  articles  of  commerce,  also  distinctively  the  offspring  of  Lynch- 


ST.  PAUL'S  (PROTESTANT  EPISCOPAL)  CHURCIL 
(church  strekt,  corner  of  seventh.) 

burg,  which  have  rendered  her  name  sweetly  familiar  in  every  State  and 
Territory  of  the  Union,  such  as  "Silver  Medal  Cologne,"  the  fragrant 
product  of  one  Main  Street  Drug  Establishment,  and  "  Camm's  Emul- 
sion," manufactured  at  another ;  there  is  "  Phertiston,"  the  magical 
fertilizer  and  insecticide ;  and  there  are  many  more  names  which 
might  be  placed  upon  the  roll  of  honor.  Ikit  wherefore  ?  This 
is  not  the  record  of  a  mushroom — born  in  the  night,  matured  by  the 
morning  dew  and  doomed  to  perish  before  noon-day — but  of  a  giant 
oak,  still  in  its  lusty  youth — having  only  attained,  as  yet,  the  years  of 
a  single  century,  but  already  firmly  rooted  as  the  hills  upon  which  it 
.stands. 


72 


SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

E.  E.  ROSS, 


L 


L 


IMxVNUPACTURER  OF 


Minds  of  Builders'  latGrial. 

SASH.  BLINDS.         DOOES.  MOULDINGS. 

Scroll  Work  of  all  Descriptions. 

DCOR  AND  WJNDOW  FRAMES,  &c. 


03 

CO 


c^o 


► * 

CO 

CD 
►^ 
CO 


]':stiin.itfs  made  on  iill   kinds  of  Buildin^^^  and   Remodelling,  at  short 
notice,  in  the  City  or  Countr}',  and 

ALL  WORK  GUARANTEED 

'Jo  be  h'irst  Class.      Rest  references  given.    Correspondence  Solicited. 
OFFICE  AND  SHOP, 

13  10  Jefferson  Street,  Lynchburg,  Ya. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  73 

SLAVERY  AND  TOBACCO. 

The  following  extract,  relating  to  the  inception  and  growth  of  the 
slave  trade  and  the  early  cultivation  of  tobacco,  with  their  influence 
on  the  character,  manners  and  general  condition  of  the  inhabitants  of 
Colonial  Virginia,  will  afford  interesting  and  instructive  reading  to 
those  who  are  not  already  familiar  with  the  subject.  It  is  drawn  from 
the  "  Life  of  Jefferson,"  by  Prof.  George  Tucker,  of  the  University  of 
Virginia, — a  work  of  high  merit,  having  been  written  with  great  per- 
spicuity and  ingenuous  fidelity,  elucidating,  as  it  does,  incidentally, 
many  important  points  in  the  civil,  political  and  commercial  history 
of  the  State. 

"  In  1744,  at  the  period  of  the  birth  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  the  settlement 
had  extended  about  200  miles  from  the  sea-coast,  and,  in  the  northern 
part  of  the  Colony,  had  passed  the  Blue  Ridge.  The  population  was 
then  about  200,000,  of  whom  from  a  quarter  to  a  third  were  slaves. 

"The  cultivation  of  tobacco  and  the  introduction  of  slaves,  soon 
after  Virginia  was  settled,  have  had  a  marked  influence  upon  the  habits, 
character  and  fortunes  of  the  country.  The  introduction  of  tobacco 
in  England,  about  twenty  years  before  the  settlement  of  Jamestown, 
led  to  a  rapid  extension  of  its  use.  A  demand  being  thus  created, 
and  a  heavy  price  paid,  encouraged  the  first  settlers  of  Virginia  to 
cultivate  it  for  market,  to  the  neglect  of  other  crops.  It  long  con- 
tinued the  sole  article  of  export,  and,  from  the  inadequate  supply  of 
the  precious  metals,  it  became  the  general  measure  of  value,  the  prin- 
cipal currency  of  the  Colony.  In  1758,  the  quantity  exported  had 
increased  to  about  seventy  millions  of  pounds,  since  which  time  the 
product  has  somewhat  diminished. 

"As  this  plant  requires  land  of  the  greatest  fertility,  and  its  finer 
sorts  are  produced  only  in  virgin  soil,  which  it  soon  exhausts,  its  cul- 
ture has  been  steadily  advancing  westwardly,  where  fresh  land  is  more 
abundant,  leaving  the  eastern  region  it  has  impoverished  to  the  pro- 
duction of  Indian  corn,  wheat  and  other  grain.  Its  cultivation  has  thus 
generally  ceased  in  the  country  below  the  falls  of  the  great  rivers,  and, 
in  its  progress  to  the  west,  the  centre  of  the  tobacco  region  is  now 
two  hundred  miles  from  the  coast. 

"The  business  of  cultivating  tobacco  and  preparing  it  for  market 
requires  such  continual  attention,  and  so  much  and  so  many  sorts  of 
handling,  as  to  allow  to  the  planter  little  time  for  any  of  the  other 
useful  processes  of  husbandry ;  and  thus  the  management  of  his  dairy 
and  orchard,  and  the  useful  operations  of  manuring,  irrigation  and  cul- 
tivating artificial  grasses,  are  either  conducted  in  a  slovenly  way  or 
neglected  altogether.  The  tobacco  district  nowhere  exhibits  the  same 
external  face  of  verdure,  or  marks  of  rural  comfort  and  taste,  as  are  to 


24  SKETCH  ROOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


te  Conpaof 


>:.  SCHAEFER,  President.  T.  C.  JONES,  General  Manager. 

CHAS.  M.  BLACKFORD,  Vice  President.  J.  P.  WILLIAMS,  See'y.  and  Treas. 

Though  the  works  are  not  in  the  City  itself,  this  is  nevertheless  a 
Lynchburg  enterprise,  and,  outside  its  tobacco  factories,  the  most  im- 
portant manufacturing  establishment  connected  with  the  City  and  its 
trade. 

The  works  are  located  about  four  miles  above  the  City;  the  "  big 
dam  "  which  spans  the  wide  James  just  above  their  works,  gives  them 
the  water  power  of  the  whole  river,  sufficient  for  several  works  as  large 
as  theirs,  but  as  the  Company  own  the  whole  tract  of  land  along  the 
river  from  the  dam  to  the  next  lock,  these  advantages  will  remain 
secured  to  them  forever.  With  excellent  railroad  facilities  at  their 
door,  located  in  the  midst  of  the  ore  lands  of  the  James  River  Valley, 
within  easy  reach  of  the  New  River,  Clinch  Valley  and  Craig's  Creek 
ore  and  coal  fields,  and  with  this  immense  water  power  secured  to 
them  forever,  the  advantage  and  value  of  their  property  cannot 
be  overestimated.  In  order  to  fully  develop  the  value  of  their 
property,  the  Company  have  now  determined  to  add  a  blast  furnace  to 
their  works,  which  will  be  completed  by  the  end  of  the  year.  Making 
their  own  iron,  they  expect  to  double  their  profits,  at  the  same  time 
to  enlarge  the  capacity  of  their  works  and  to  extend  their  trade  into 
new  territory.  The  new  stock  offered  for  carrying  out  these  projects 
was  taken  up  in  three  days;  this  fact  is  proof  enough  that  the  Com- 
pany's advantages  and  brilliant  prospects  are  fully  recognized.  The 
capital  stock  of  the  Company  is  now  about  $200,000.  After  their 
present  plans  are  carried  out  and  the  prospective  profits  realized, 
further  additions  to  the  works  are  contemplated. 

Their  present  capacity  is  something  over  400  kegs  of  nails  per  day, 
besides  several  tons  of  bar-iron,  spikes,  &c.  The  demand  for  the 
products  of  the  mill  is  gi'eater  than  it  can  supply,  though  working  to 
its  full  capacity;  their  nails  and  iron  being  of  superior  quality,  are  sell- 
ing not  only  in  Virginia  and  neighboring  States,  but  as  far  south  as 
Georgia  and  Alabama  and  in  liirmingham,  even  in  competition  with 
its  own  products — in  fact  in  many  Southern  cities. 

By  increasing  the  capacity  of  their  works  and  cheapening  the  cost 
of  their  product,  the  Company  expect  in  another  year  to  reach  the  Mis- 
sissippi and  the  Gulf  States  with  their  goods. 

Altogether  their  prospects  are  most  promising  and  we  know  that 
the  liberal  and  energetic  management  of  the  works  will  see  to  it  that 
they  are  realized  as  far  as  in  their  power. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


75 


be  seen  in  those  countries  in  which  its  culture  has  been  abandoned. 

"But  the  most  serious  consequence  of  the  tobacco  cultivation  is  to 
be  found  in  the  increase  of  slaves;  for,  though  it  did  not  occasion  their 
first  introduction,  it  greatly  encouraged  their  importation  afterwards. 
It  is  to  the  spirit  of  commerce,  which,  in  its  undistinguished  pursuit 
of  gain,  ministers  to  our  vices  no  less  than  to  our  necessary  wants, 
that  Virginia  owes  this  portentous  accession  to  her  population.  A 
Dutch  ship  from  the  coast  of  Guinea,  entered  James  River  in  1620, 
thirteen  years  after  the  first  settlement  of  Jamestown,  and  sold  twenty 
of  her  slaves  to  the  Colonists. 

"The  large  profits  which  could  be  made  from  the  labor  of  slaves, 
while  tobacco  sold  at  three  shillings  sterling  a  pound,  equal  to  about 
ten  times  its  ordinary  price  now,  greatly  encouraged  their  further'im- 
portation,  by  gi\'ing  to  the  planters  the  means  of  purchasing,  as  well  as 


PROPERTY  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  NAIL  AND  IRON  WORKS  COMPANY, 


the  inclination  ;  and  the  effect  would  have  been  much  greater  if  they 
had  not  been  continually  supplied  with  labor  from  the  paupers,  and 
sometimes  the  convicts,  who  were  brought  from  luigland  and  sold  to 
the  planters  for  a  term  of  years  to  defray  the  expenses  of  their  trans- 
portation. 

"  This  supply  of  English  servants,  together  with  the  gradual  fall  in 
the  price  of  tolDacco,  had  so  checked  the  importation  of  slaves  that,  in 
the  year  1671,  according  to  an  official  communication  from  the  Gov- 
ernor, Sir  William  Berkeley,  while  the  whole  population  was  but 
40,000  the  number  of  indented  servants  was  6,000,  and  that  of  the  slaves 
was  but  2,oco.  The  importation  of  the  latter,  he  says,  did  not  exceed 
two  or  three  cargoes  in  seven  years,  but  that  of  servants,  of  whom,  he 
says,  'most  were  English,  few  Scotch  and  fewer  Irish.'  he  estimates 
at  1,500  annually. 


^6  SKETCH    1500K    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA.  \ 

.IA<;OB  H.  KUANKLIN.  ('HAS.  M.  FRANKLIN.  EDGAR  FRANKLIN. 

Jacob  H.  Franklin  &  Sons. 

WHOLESALE 

Gfocefs^^CofiimissiofiMefcliants, 

Keep  always  in  store  one  of  the  larjijest  and  most  varied 
stocks  of 

McaYij,  Staplo  and  Fancij  Groceries, 

to  be  fonml  in  tlie  Slate,  consistinir  in  part  of  Coffees,  Teas,  Sutrars,  Syrups,  Molasses, 

Bacon.  Bulk  Meats,  Lard,  Rice,  Hominy,  Cheese,  Fish,  Soaps,  Candles,  Soda, 

Bread    Powders.    Oils.  Canned    Fruits  Vegetables  Fish  and  Meats; 

Brooms.  Buckets.  Blackintr,  Blueine:;  Cakes.  Crackers,  Candies; 

Spices,  pround  and  whole;  Concentrated  Lye,  Potash, 

Matches,  Paper,  Paper  Bags,  Twines,  Alum,  Coj)- 

pen>s,  Epsom  Salts.  Sulphur,   &c.,  &c. 

Which  they  will  sell  strictly  ivliohsale,  as  cheajj  as  they  can  be  bought  in  this  or  any 

other  market. 


THE 

lynchtarg  Ice  u  Refrigerator  Co., 

E.  SCHAEFER,  President.  .JOHN  W.  CARROLL,  \' ice  President. 

P.. I.  OTEY,  Treasurer. 

Is  a  recent  addition  to  the  manufacturing  establishments  of  the  City. 
This  Company,  as  the  name  indicates,  make  artificial  ice,  using  dis- 
tilled water,  viz.,  condensed  steam,  therefore  an  absolutely  pure 
article  i.s  obtained,  free  from  any  vegetable  or  animal  germs,  which 
even  the  best  transparent  natural  ice  so  often  contains.  Their  capa- 
city i.s  20,000  pounds  per  day,  more  than  this  in  cool  weather,  some- 
thing less  during  the  hot  weather,  when  they  have  to  keep  the 
temperature  of  their  ice  and  cold  storage  houses  down  to  the  freezing 
point. 

Ice  in  Lynchburg  is  now  selling  at  yi  cent  per  pound,  in  larger 
quantities  at  $5  per  ton,  while  in  former  years  the  price  was  about 
twice  as  high.  The  advantage  this  establishment  has  been  to  the  City 
is  therefore  apparent  at  a  glance.  What  in  most  other  inland  cities 
of  the  South  is  still  more  or  less  a  luxury,  is  here  selling  so  low  as  to 
bring  this — a  necessity,  almost,  in  a  hot  climate — within  the  reach 
of  all 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


71 


"  But  in  process  of  time  slave  labor  was  found  preferable  to  that  of 
indented  white  servants,  partly  because  the  negro  slaves  were  more 
cheaply  fed  and  clothed  than  the  laborers  who  were  of  the  same  race 
as  the  masters,  but  principally  because  they  were  less  able  to  escape 
from  bondage,  and  were  more  easily  retaken.  The  colonial  statute 
book  affords  abundant  evidence  of  the  frequency  and  facility  with  which 
the  indented  servants  ran  away  from  their  masters  ;  and  the  extent  of 
the  mischief  may  be  inferred  from  the  severity  of  its  punishment.  In 
1642,  runaway  servants  were  liable,  for  a  second  offence,  to  be  branded 
on  the  cheek;  though  fifteen  years  afterwards  the  law  was  so  far  miti- 
gated as  to  transfer  this  mark  of  ignominy  to  the  shoulder.  In  1663, 
their  term  of  service,  which  did  not  often  exceed  four  or  five  years, 


RESIDENCE  OP  MR.  P.  A.  KRISE. 
(cor.  church  and  sixth  streets.) 


might,  for  the  offence  of  running  away,  be  prolonged,  at  the  discretion 
of  a  magistrate,  and  the  master  might  superadd  'moderate  corporeal 
punishment.'  In  the  following  year,  this  class  of  persons,  prompted 
by  the  convicts  who  had  been  sent  over  after  the  restoration  of  Charles 
the  Second,  formed  a  conspiracy  of  insurrection  and  murder,  which 
was  discovered  just  in  time  to  be  defeated.  Seven  years  afterwards, 
in  1670,  the  Governor  and  Council  took  upon  themselves  to  prohibit 
the  further  importation  of  convicts,  whom  they  call  'jail  birds,'  and 
they  assign  this  conspiracy  as  one  of  their  motives  for  the  order.  The 
privilege,  too,  enjoyed  by  the  servant,  of  complaining  to  the  magistrate 
for  the  harsh  treatment  of  his  master,   either  as  to  food,  clothing  or 


/S  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

WINFREE,  ADAMS  &  LOYD, 

MANUFACTrRERS  OF  AND  WHOLESALE  DEALERS  IN 

Plug,   Twist,  and  Smoking  Tobacco. 

fn.HE  business  enterprise,  prosperity  and  solidity  of  n,  City  are  in  a  Uir;L,^e  measure 
I  indicated  by  the  extent  and  character  of  her  commercial  houses.  In  the  com- 
^  merce  of  the  South,  the  City  of  Lynchburg  occupies  a  prominent  and  important 
position.  Her  situation,  as  the  natural  depot  for  the  reception,  manuf  icture  and  ship- 
ment of  tobacco,  gives  her  special  prominence  in  connection  with  this  great  staple, 
which  may  be  considered  the  main  source  of  the  pros[)erity,  wealth  and  commercial 
standing  of  the  City. 

The  old,  wealthy  and  successful  establishments  en  imaged  in  handlinij  and  manu- 
facturing tobacco  have  become  familiar  by  trade  and  reputation  in  all  sections  of  the 
land. 

One  of  these  is  the  firm  now  under  review.  In  18G7,  Mr.  C.  V.  Winfree  and  Mr. 
William  H.  Loyd  associated  themselves  together  under  the  firm  name  of  Winfree  & 
Loyd.  Tiie  house  soon  took  rank  as  one  of  the  leading  tobacco  manufae-tories  in  this 
part  of  the  country— a  position  to  which  it  was  justly  entitled  from  the  variety 
and  magnitude  of  its  stock,  its  extensive  transactions,  and  the-well-known  charac- 
teristics of  the  gentlemen  compr)sing  the  firm. 

About  four  years  ago  Mr.  (Jharles  L.  Adams,  who"  had  previously  served  the  firm 
with  faithfidness  and  ability  for  many  years,  was  admitted  as  a  partner,  and  the  present 
name  of  the  tirm  (Winfree,  Adams  &  Loyd)  was  adopted. 

i\ll  the  members  are  practical  men,  having  acquired  by  long  training  and  experi- 
ence a  thorough  knowledge  of  their  work  and  their  business  is  managed  carefully, 
scientifically,  and  ivith  the  consummate  judgment  wliieh  disdains  the  use  of  inferior 
materials  or  the  offering  of  anything  short  of  excellence  in  manufactured  articles.  The 
financial  part  of  tlie  concern  is  managed  by  the  senior  [)artner,  while  Mr.  Loyd  attends 
to  buying  the  raw  material  at  the  wareliouse  sales,  and,  being  a  fine  judire  of  qualities, 
selects  the  leaf  with  the  utmost  care.  Tlie  tilliug  of  orders  and  active  office  business 
is  under  the  immediate  su{)ervision  of  Mr.  Adams. 

The  factory  of  tiie  firm  is  situated  at  the  coi-ner  of  Tenth  and  Lynch  Streets,  and 
conijjrises  two  large  four-story  brick  buildings,  forming  together  one  commodious  and 
complete  establishment,  thoroughly  equipi)ed  with  the  nsachinery  and  appliances  neces- 
sary for  their  extensive  operations. 

The  manufacturing  business  is  organized  into  different  departments,  managed  by 
com])etent  men,  all  under  theconstiint  direction  of  the  proprietors.  Mr.  George  W. 
Stanley,  who  lias  charge  of  the  manufacturing  department,  is  considered  one  of  the 
best  factory  managers  and  manufacturers  in  V^irginia. 

Their  trade  in  manufactured  tobacco  is  extensive  throughout  all  the  Southern 
States,  New  Orleans  especially  being  one  of  the  principal  centres  from  which  their 
brands  are  widely  distributed.  The  house  deals  exclusively  and  entirely  in  medium  and 
fine  grades  of  tiie  weed,  and  the  brands  they  manufacture  have  become  justly  popular 
with  consumers. 

Their  niost  celebrated  ))rands  aie  "  Ai'kansas  Traveller,"  a  9-inch  rich  Mahogany 
j)lug  ;  '-Nectar  Leaf,"  an  11  and  12-inch  plug  for  general  ui-e  ;  "Mississippi  Sawyer," 
a  great  favorite  in  certain  markets;  "Cloth  of  Gold,"  fine  12-inch  plug;  "Yum 
Yum,"  "  Tom  and  Jerry,"  "  Nip  and  Tuck."  "  -lack  and  Gill,"  and  "Yazoo  Belle." 
The  "  Eclipse  "  twi.st  is  made  from  Hurley  filler  and  affords  an  excellent  chew.  "Fanny 
Leslie  "  and  "  Little  Helen  "  are  fine  gratles  of  tobacco,  also  put  up  in  twist  form. 

In  granulated  srankmg  tobacco  the  firm  puts  u])  "  Virginia  Bride,"  "  Old  Vir- 
ginia," "Southern  Puff,"  and  other  brands  in  pounds,  quarters,  eighths  and  other 
quantities,  as  demanded. 

The  trade  of  the  house  is  entirely  wholesale,  and  the  firm  having  the  best  facilities 
for  tlie  prompt  fulfillment  of  orders,"is  in  a  position  to  offer  inducements  to  the  trade 
second  to  none  of  its  contenqioraries,  while  liberality  and  fair  dealing  will  be  found  to 
characterize  all  its  transactions. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  79 

punishment,  formed,  no  doubt,  a  further  ground  of  preference  for  slaves, 
who  had  no  such  inconvenient  rights. 

"  Under  the  united  influence  of  these  circumstances,  the  number  of 
negro  slaves  so  increased  that,  in  1732,  the  Legislature  thought  proper 
to  discourage  their  further  importation,  by  a  tax  on  each  slave  im- 
ported; and,  not  to  alarm  the  commercial  jealousy  of  England,  the 
law,  conforming  to  the  notions  of  the  age,  formally  provided  for  what 
no  mode  of  levying  the  tax  could  have  prevented,  that  the  duty 
should  be  paid  by  the  purchaser.  This  duty  was  at  first  five  per  cent, 
on  the  value  of  the  slave,  but  in  a  few  years  afterwards,  (1740)  it  was 
increased  to  ten  per  cent,  from  which  it  was  never  reduced.  It  did 
not,  however,  prevent  large  importations,  for  we  find  the  number  to 
have  increased  in  119  years  in  the  ratio  of  i  to  146;  that  is,  from 
2,000  in  the  year  1 67 1,  to  293,427  in  1790;  while  in  the  same  period 
the  whites  had  increased  only  as  i  to  12,  or  from  38,000  to  454,881, 
In  the  forty  years  which  have  elapsed,  from  the  first  to  the  last  census, 
it  is  gratifying  to  perceive  that  the  increase  of  the  free  population  in 
Virginia  has  been  somewhat  greater  than  that  of  the  slaves,  in  the 
proportion  of  63  per  cent,  to  60,  and  that  this  comparative  gain 
seems  to  be  gradually  increasing. 

"As  Eastern  Virginia  is  everywhere  intersected  by  navigable  rivers, 
which  are  skirted  on  either  side  by  rich  alluvial  lands,  the  early  settlers, 
whose  plantations  were  principally  ^ong  the  margins  of  the  rivers, 
were  able  to  carry  on  a  direct  intercourse  with  foreign  countries,  from 
their  separate  dwellings.  Thus  commerce,  by  the  very  diffusion  of 
its  most  important  natural  facilities,  did  not  here  concentrate  in  a  few 
favorable  spots  and  foster  the  growth  of  towns,  as  in  most  of  the  other 
Colonies  ;  and,  at  the  beginning  of  the  Revolution,  Williamsburg,  the 
seat  of  Government,  and  the  largest  town  in  Virginia,  itself  the  most 
populous  of  the  Colonies,  did  not  contain  2,000  inhabitants.  But  as 
the  bees  which  form  no  hive  collect  no  honey,  the  commerce,  which 
was  thus  dispersed,  accumulated  no  wealth.  The  disadvantages  of  this 
dispersion  were  eventually  perceived  by  the  Colonists,  and  man)-  efforts 
were  made  by  the  Legi.slature  to  remedy  the  mischief  by  authorizing 
the  establishment  of  towns  on  selected  sites,  and  giving  special  privi- 
leges and  immunities  to  those  who  built  or  those  who  resided  on  them. 
Their  purpose  was  also  favored,  and  even  stimulated,  by  the  Govern- 
ment, from  fiscal  considerations.  Rut  most  of  these  legislative  efibrts 
failed,  and  none  were  very  successful.  Thus,  in  1680,  as  many  as 
twenty  towns  were  authorized  by  Act  of  Assembly,  being  one  for 
each  County;  yet  at  not  more  than  three  or  four  of  the  designated 
spots  is  there  even  a  village  remaining  to  attest  the  propriety  of  the 
selection. 

"There  were,  indeed,  wanting  in  the  Colony  all  the  ordinary  con- 
stituents of  a  large  town.  Here  were  no  manufactories  to  bring 
together  and  employ  the  ingenious  and  industrious.     The  Colonists, 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNXHBURG,    VA.  ; 

LYNCH   HOUSE. 

LEADING  HOTEL. 


CD 


CD 


. 4 

i 

CD 


6¥ 


CD 

CD 
CD 

CD 
CD 
c— »- 


FIVE  piNflTEg  W/ILK  FI^OP  DEPOT. 

$2,00  Per  Day,   Meals  and  Lodgings,  50  Cents  Each. 

TABLE  UNEXCELLED. 

Best  SarT:iple  Rooms  in  the  City. 

hot  and  cold  baths. 

Baggage  Wagons  and  Porters  Meet  all  Trains.    Omnibus  Free. 

PETTYJOHN  &  MARSHALL, 


FK,OI»I*IETOI?,S, 


T^-y  ncliLlo-cLxg', 


"^irg^irLia., 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE.  8 1 

devoting  themselves  exclusively  to  agriculture,  owned  no  shipping 
which  might  have  induced  them  to  congregate  for  the  sake  of  carrying  on 
their  foreign  commerce  to  more  advantage;  here  was  no  Court,  which, 
by  its  splendor  and  amusements,  might  attract  the  gay,  the  volup- 
tuous and  the  rich;  there  was  not  even  a  class  of  opulent  landlords, 
to  whom  it  is  as  easy  to  live  on  their  rents  in  town  as  in  the  country, 
and  far  more  agreeable.  But  the  very  richest  planters  all  cultivated 
their  own  lands  with  their  own  slaves;  and,  while  those  lands  fur- 
nished most  of  the  materials  of  a  generous  and  even  profuse  hospitality, 
they  could  be  consumed  only  where  they  were  produced,  and  could 
neither  be  transported  to  a  distance  nor  converted  into  money.  The 
tobacco,  which  constituted  the  only  article  of  export,  served  to  pay 
for  the  foreign  luxuries  which  the  planter  required  ;  yet,  with  his 
social  habits,  it  was  barely  sufficient  for  that  purpose,  and  not  a  few 
of  the  largest  estates  were  deeply  in  debt  to  the  Scotch  or  English 
merchants  who  carried  on  the  whole  commerce  of  the  country.  Nor 
was  this  system  of  credit  more  eagerly  sought  by  the  improvident 
planter  than  it  was  given  by  the  thrifty  and  sagacious  trader,  for  it 
afforded  to  him  a  sure  pledge  for  the  consignment  of  the  debtor's 
crop,  on  the  sales  of  which  his  fair  perquisites  amounted  to  a  liberal 
profit;  and  if  he  was  disposed  to  abuse  his  trust,  his  gains  were  enor- 
mous. The  merchants  were  therefore  ready  to  ship  goods  and  accept 
bills  of  exchange  on  the  credit  of  future  crops,  while  their  factors  in 
the  Colony  took  care,  in  season,  to  make  the  debt  safe  by  a  mortgage 
on  the  lands  and  slaves  of  the  planter.  Some  idea  of  the  pecuniary 
thraldom  to  which  the  Virginia  planter  was  formerly  subjected  may 
be  formed  from  the  fact  that  twice  a  year,  at  a  general  meeting  of  the 
merchants  and  factors  in  Williamsburg,  they  settled  the  price  of  to- 
bacco, the  advance  on  the  sterling  cost  of  goods,  and  the  rate  of  ex- 
change with  England.  It  can  scarcely  be  doubted  that  the  regulations 
were  framed  as  much  to  the  advantage  of  the  merchants  as  they  be- 
lieved it  practicable  to  execute.  Yet  it  affords  evidence  of  the 
sagacious  moderation  with  which  this  delicate  duty  was  exercised,  that 
it  was  not  so* abused  as  to  destroy  itself 

"  This  state  of  things  exerted  a  decided  influence  on  the  manners 
and  character  of  the  Colonists,  untrained  to  habits  of  business  and 
possessed  of  the  means  of  hospitality.  They  were  open-handed  and 
open-hearted;  fond  of  society,  indulging  in  all  its  pleasures  and  prac- 
ticing all  its  courtesies.  But  these  social  virtues  also  occasionally 
ran  into  the  kindred  vices  of  love  of  show,  haughtiness,  sensuality — 
and  many  of  the  wealthier  class  were  to  be  seen  seeking  relief  from 
the  vacuity  of  idleness,  not  merely  in  the  allowable  pleasures  of  the 
chase  and  the  turf,  but  in  the  debasing  ones  of  cock-fighting,  gaming 
and  drinking.  Literature  was  neglected,  or  cultivated  by  the  small 
number  who  had  been  educated  in  England,  rather  as  an  accomplish- 


S2  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

GEORGE  D.  WITT.  GEORGE  P.  WATKINS. 

WITT  &  WATKINS, 

WHOLESALE  DEALERS  IN 

Boots  &  Shoes. 


These  gentlemen  commenced  business  in  July,  1S7S,  and  are  the 
Pioneers  in  the  Exclusively  Wholesale  BOOT  and  SHOE  Trade 
in  Lynchburg.  Their  business  has  increased  regularly  with  each 
season,  necessitating  a  move  from  one  Warehouse  to  another,  to 
obtain  more  commodious  quarters,  until  February  of  1883,  when  they 
mo\  ed  into  the  spacious  building  which  they  now  occupy,  No.  808 
Main  Street,  (see  engraving  on  page  loi),  the  dimensions  of  which 
are  25  feet  front  by  132  feet  deep,  five  .stories  high,  with  all  of  the 
modern  improvements  for  the  conduct  and  dispatch  of  business. 
They  have  found  it  profitable  to  employ  six  traveling  salesmen,  and 
their  house  is  represented  all  through  the  Southern  States  generally. 
Their  motto  from  the  commencement  of  their  business  has  been 
"  quick  sales  and  small  profits,"  and  to-day  they  claim  to  be  the  lead- 
ing JOBBING  BOOT  AND  SHOE  HOUSE  of  the  Old  Dominion. 
Their  Kip  Hand-Made  Western- I m pro ved  Boot  and  Shoe,  sold  un- 
der their  guarantee,  enjoy  a  reputation  for  general  utility  and  dura- 
bility unequalled  by  any  similar  styles  of  goods  on  the  market. 

Among  the  advantages  which  this  House  has  are  the  quick  delivery 
of  goods  to  their  customers,  being  nearer  to  the  trade  for  which  they 
cater,  and  the  .saving  of  freight  to  their  patrons,  which  in  many  in- 
stances is  less  by  2}^  to  3  per  cent,  on  an  entire  bill,  than  from 
Northern  markets.  Recognizing  and  even  realizing  the  oft-ques- 
tioned, but  nevertheless  indisputable  and  irrefutable  argument,  that 
Southern  Jobuinc,  Houses,  as  compared  with  those  in  the  North 
and  East,  hold,  in  a  steadily  increasing  degree,  the  vantage  ground, 
based  on  the  fundamental  principles  of  reason  and  economy,  to  fur- 
nish and  supply  the  South  with  her  merchandise,  WITT  &  WAT- 
KINS press  forward  from  season  to  season  with  renewed  energy  and 
strengthened  determination  to  force  their  advantages  of  situation  into 
notice,  and  their  success,  as  the  result  of  their  efforts,  continues  to 
grow  to  a  very  gratifying  extent,  as  the  years  come  and  go. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


83 


ment  and  a  mark  of  distinction    than  for  the  substantial  benefit  it 
confers. 

"Let  us  not,  however,  overrate  the  extent  of  these  consequences 
of  slavery.  If  the  habitual  e.xercise  of  authority,  united  to  a  want  of 
steady  occupation,  deteriorated   the  character  of  some,  it  seemed  to 


give  a  greater  elevation  of  virtue  to  others 


Domestic  slavery,  in  fact, 
places  the  master  in  a  state  of  moral  discipline,  and,  according  to  the 
use  he  makes  of  it,  is  he  made  better  or  worse.  If  he  exercises  his 
unrestricted  power  over  the  slave,  in  giving  ready  indulgence  to  his 


84  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Attorney- at-Law, 

LYNCHBURG,        -        -       VIRGINIA. 

TiMBERLAKE,  JaCKSON  &  CO.. 

MANUFACTURERS  OF  TOBACCO, 


CBCIE^sAT" 


\  coojyr,    Xiy^^^y, 


Sxji^a-Eonsr  IDe]N"tist, 

908  3IAIN ST.,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


W.  M.  SEAY, 

814  Church  Street,  Lyiiehbitrg,  Va. 
CALL  FOR   ESTIMATES.        SATISFACTION   GUARANTEED. 


W.  O.  JOHNSON, 

DEALER   IN 

STAPLE  anfl  FHCY  GROCERIES,  CONFECTIONERIES.  TOBACCO,  CIGARS,  k 

S14  Main  Street,  Lynchburg,  Yirginia. 

Dunsmore's  Business  College,  Staunton,  Virginia. 

This  Institution  lias  ))een  iiicorpi)rateil  by  tlie  Lojiislature  of  tlie  State  of  Virginia  and 
endorsed  by  some  of  ber  best  citizens.  It  not  only  teaches  younsc  and  middle-aged  men 
thetheory  of  Business  and  Accounting,  but  each  and  every  one  is  required  to  do  actual 
business  transactions,  as  they  would  have  to  do  in  every-day  life.  They  are  thoroughly 
ti'alned  in  everything  pertaining  to  business  life. 

Staunton,  Va.,  July  30, 1884. 
We  take  pleasure  in  recommending  to  the  public  "Dunsmore's  Business  College,"  of 
this  city.  We  have  attended  and  taken  i)art  in  several  examinations  of  Mr.  Dunsmore's 
pupils,  and  can  testify  to  his  thoroughness  as  a  teacher,  and  to  the  uniform  proficiency 
Of  his  scholars.  His  pupils  are  now  filling  a  number  of  important  positions,  and  his  college 
is  destined  to  take;  rank  among  the  leading  Business  Colleges  of  the  country. 

THO.  A.  BLEDSOE,  Cdshier  Nat.  Val.  Bank. 
W.  P.  TAMS,  CuHhiir  Aiujusta  Nat.  Bank. 
Staunton,  Va.,  May  20,  1886. 
*    *    *    You  are  doing  an  admirable  work  and  doing  it  admirably.    I  do  not  hesitate  to 
commend  you  and  your  institiation  very  heartily.  HEUBERT  H.  HAWES, 

Pastor  Second  Presbyterian  Church. 

Staunton,  Va.,  May  26, 1886. 
It  gives  me  pleasure  to  bear  witness  to  the  surpassing  merits  of  Prof.  Dunsmore's  Busi- 
ness College.    He  is  a  born  teacher,  and  his  College  has  no  superior.  ,.  ,  ^, 

JAAlES  NELSON,  D.  D.,  Pastor  First  Baptist  Church. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


85 


liumors  or  caprice — if  he  habitually  yields  to  impulses  of  anger, 
and  punishes  whenever  he  is  disobeyed,  or  obeyed  imperfectly — 
he  is  certainly  the  worse  for  the  institution  which  has  thus  af- 
forded aliment  to  his  evdl  propensities.  But  if,  on  the  other 
hand,  he  has  been  taught  to  curb  these  sallies  of  passion  or  freaks  of 
caprice,  or  has  subjected  himself  to  a  course  of  salutary  restraint,  he  is 
continually  strengthening  himself  in  the  virtues  of  self-denial,  forbear- 
ance and  moderation,  and  he  is  all  the  better  for  the  institution  which 
has  afforded  so  much  occasion  for  the  practice  of  these  virtues.  (The 
character  of  the  Presidents  which  Virginia  has  furnished  may  be  ap- 
pealed to  for  a  confirmation  of  this  view  ;  and  many  living  illustrations 
will  readily  present  themselves  to  all  who  have  a  personal  knowledge 


FIRST  PRESBYTERIAN  CHURCH. 
(on  main  street,  between  twelfth  and  thirteenth.) 
of  the  Southern  States.)  If,  therefore,  in  a  slave-holding  country,  we 
see  some  of  the  masters  made  irascible,  cruel  and  tyrannical,  we  see 
many  others  as  remarkable  for  their  mildness,  moderation  and  self- 
command  ;  because,  in  truth,  both  the  virtues  of  the  one  and  the  vices 
of  the  other  are  carried  to  the  greater  extreme  by  the  self-same  pro- 
cess of  habitual  exercise." 

MUNICIPAL. 
In  the  year  1880,  the  City  Ordinances  of  Lynchburg  were  revised 
and  arranged  by  the  then  City  Attorney,  Capt.  Charles  M.  Blackford, 


86 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 


O.  J^.  GOLEHVII^JN"  &o  OO. 


-DEALEISS    IN- 


BOOT8,  SHOES,  HATS,  TRUNKS,   &c.,  &c. 

j8®=-PRIUES  T(»  suit  THE  TUMES. 


Advoup  contPiiiplatins  building  will  ttnd  it  to  tlieir  advantage  to  correspond  with  K. 
(J  .  HUKKHuLLiEK  iV  KOX  before  beginningto build.  Time,  money  and  trouble  saved,  by 
having  your  plans  tlioroughly  prepared,  and   the  erection  superintended  by  competent 

R.  C.  BURKHOLDER  &  SON,  Architects, 

LYNCHBURG,  VIRGINIA. 


JOHN  M.  PAYNE, 

Attorney-at-Law  and  Commissioner  in  Chancery, 

OF  THE  CIRCUIT  UOUHT. 

Lynchburg,  Virginia. 

•*■  Practices  in  tlie  Courts  of  Lynclibuig  and  neigliljoring  Counties. 


J.  W.  EDWARDS, 

804  Main  Street,  Lynchburg,  Va. 

J^^^A  coniniodunis  and  thoroiij,dily  equii>iMMl  studio.     Pictures  taken  by  the  new 
"Instantaneous  Pioeess." 

J".  IF^HIIXj.  shzj^^dntek., 

(I.ATK   .iF   SII.VNER    liKOS.) 


o 

to 

°« 

ll; 

Q 

en 

Kf 

t-> 

m 

o 

0 

'-r' 

7, 

(fi 

H 

W 

crt 

Ui 

fO 

Pd 

< 

TJ 

rD 

D- 

•Tl 

V 

> 

^-^ 

S 

'/. 

rj' 

r 

o 

M 

m 

^ 

o 

LYNCHBURG,  VA. 

MOTTO: — OuicK  Sales,  Fair  Dealincis  and  Small  Profits. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


87 


and  published  in  a  neat  volume,  containing  also  a  good  deal  of  valua- 
ble extraneous  information.  The  following  extracts  from  the  intro- 
duction to  this  work  will  be  found  interesting,  as  bearing  directly  upon 
the  municipal  history  of  the  City  : 

"  The  Legislature  of  Virginia,  in  October,  1786,  vested  in  certain 
trustees  forty-five  acres  of  the  land  of  John  Lynch,  '  lying  contiguous 
to  Lynch's  Ferry,'  in  the  county  of  Campbell.  The  village  thus  laid 
out  was  named  Lynchburg,  after  the  owner  of  the  soil.  The  trus- 
tees sold  this  land  in  half-acre  lots,  at  public  auction  at  first,  and  sub- 
sequently at  private  sale,  for  the  benefit  of  John  Lynch.  The  lots 
brought  an  average  of  ^^53,  in  the  Virginian  currency  of  that  day. 


RESIDENCE  OP  Mli.  JOHN    W.  FAULKNER. 

(ON    Fn-"rU  AVENUE.) 

"  The  first  meeting  of  this  Board  of  Trustees  was  held  on  the  <Sth 
of  May,  1787,  at  which  John  Clarke,  Jesse  Burton,  Joseph  Stratton, 
William  Martin,  Micajah  Moorman  and  Achilles  Douglas  were  pres- 
ent. Richard  Stith  was  appointed  to  survey  and  lay  off  the  town. 
According  to  his  map,  the  eastern  boundary  of  the  town  was  Lynch 
Street  ;  the  western.  Court  Street  ;  the  northern,  a  line  running  be- 
tween Sixth  and  Seventh  Streets,  at  right  angles  to  Lynch  and  Court 
Streets  ;  and  the  southern,  a  line  running  between  Eleventh  and 
Twelfth  Streets,  parallel  to  the  northern  boundary. 

"  The  trustees  had  no  control  of  the  town,  except  over  the  legal 
titles  of  the  unsold  lots  ;  the  money  they  received  for  the  lots  was 
paid  over  to  John  Lynch.  They  met  from  time  to  time  from  1786 
to  1817. 

*******  ^: 

"  The  Town  of  Lynchburg  was  first  incorporated  by  an  Act  of  the 


88  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

HILLSMAN  &  MYERS, 

The  *  Reliable  *  Clothiers, 

Merchant  Tailors  and  Gent's  Furnishers, 

Enjoy  an  enviable    reputation  among  the   Clothing  Trade  of  Central 

Virginia.     Both  members  are  native-born  young  men,  of  untiring 

energy,  who  by  polite  attention  and  fair  dealing  have  gained  for 

themselves  a  high  position  as  successful  merchants.      They 

show  one  of  the  largest  and  best-selected  stocks  of 

Clothing  I  Gent's  Furnishing  Goods 

TO  BE  FOUND  IX  THE  SOUTH. 

Artistic  t  Tailoring  $  a  J  Specialty. 

903  Main  Street,  Lynchburg,  Va. 

WM.  H.  FORd7 

MUNOFiiciyfitfi  OF  moNS  m  bogcies,  eniLfioiio  m  m^  cuiiis, 

Wleelliarrows.  Plows,  Harrows,  Straw  Cutters,  &c„ 

LYNCH  STREET, BETWEEN  llTH  AND  12TH.  LYNCHBURG,  VA, 

Contractor  for  all  kinds  of  Stone  and  Brick  Work.  Also,  constantly  on  hand  in 
larg:e  quantities  ALL  KINDS  OP  TEKRA  LOTTA  PIPING,  for  Sewers" and  Drums. 
CHIMNEY  CAPS,  &c. 


JOHN    W.   JONES, 

(Successor  to  Elliott  &  Jones.) 

LIVERY  .R  ^ SWmCHSJRBI, 


^=-9tli  and  lOtli, 


Saddle  Sorse;,  Hicks  aid  Suggics  for  Eiit.  Hoises  and  Ms  fot  Sals. 

Carriages,  Buggies,  PlKi'tons  and  Spring  Waguiis  for  Hire.      ms'TKrEPHOJX'H   68. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   IRAUE. 


89 


General  Assembly  passed  on  the  loth  of  January,  1805.  As  the 
Record  Book  of  the  Common  Council,  from  its  first  meeting-,  in  1805, 
to  the  year  181  i,  has  been  lost,  there  is  nothing  known  of  the  first 
organization  of  that  body.  The  first  Corporation  Court  met  on  the 
6th  of  May,  1805,  in  the  Masonic  Hall,  situated  on  the  corner  of 
Ninth  and  Church  Streets,  which  was,  for  the  time,  made  the  Court 
House  for  the  place.*  The  Court  was  held  by  William  Warwick, 
Mayor  ;  Thomas  Wiatt.  Recorder ;  and  George  D.  Winston,  Samuel 
J.  Harrison,  Roderic  Taliaferro  and  Meredith  Lambert,  Aldermen. 
William  Norvell  was  appointed  Clerk  ;  Josiah  Leake,  Commonwealth's 
Attorney  ;  and  John  Davis,  Sergeant. 

"  The  First  Extension  of  the  Coiporate  Limits. — Without  additional 
legislation;  John  Lynch  added  several  squares  to  both  ends  of  the 
Town  as  laid  out  in  1786.      On  the    10th  of  January,  1805,  the  Legi.s- 


MESSRS.  HILLSMxiN  &  MYERS'  CLOTHING  ESTABLISHMENT, 

(no.  903   MAIN   STREET.) 

lature  passed  the  '  Act  for  incorporating  the  Town  of  Lynchburg 
and  for  enlarging  the  same.'  All  half-acre  lots  of  land,  as  the  same 
were  laid  off  by  John  Lynch,  adjoining  the  Town  of  Lynchburg, 
were  declared  to  be  a  part  of  the  town  as  soon  as  a  plat  thereof  was 
put  on  record  by  John  Lynch  at  Campbell  Court  House.  This  was 
done,  and  this  map,  which  is  still  in  existence,  is  the  first  plat  of  the 
town  which  can  be  found. 


*NoTE.— This  Hall,  which  was  a  frame  building,  was  removed,  on  rollers,  in  1846,  to  Fifth 
Street,  between  Main  and  Church  Streets,  and  is  now  occupied  as  a  residence  by  Uol.  Aug. 
Forsburg,  the  City  Engineer.  The  present  Masonic  Hall,  was  erected  in  1846-7,  on  the 
site  of  the  old  one.— Ed. 


go  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Surgeon  Dentist, 

COR.  CHURCH  and  EIGHTH  STREETS,  L  YNCHBURG,    VA. 

(Opposite  Norvell-Arlington  House) 

G,  A.  DIUWID  &  sot 


CO 


CTD 

3sro.  eie  i^j^xht  stir,eet, 

LYNCHBURa    -    -    Virginia. 

All  Calls,  Day  or  Night,  AttenfleJ  to  Willi  Promptness. 

For  the  past   70  years  this   business  has   JDeen  conducted  at   the 
same  stand. 


A.  H.  BURROUGHS, 

ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 

th^TwTlliams^ 

Lynchburg,  Va. 

~"^AMU EL  gTw  I N G FIELDr 
Attorney  at  IjAW, 

1011  Main  Street,       -       .       -     -      Lynchburg,  Va. 


ITS    PEOPLE    A'ND    ITS    TRADE. 


91 


''Second  Extension. — On  the  9th  of  February,  181 3.  the  Legisla- 
ture added  to  the  corporate  limits  '  that  lot  of  ground  conveyed  by 
John  Lynch,  Sr.,  to  the  Corporation  of  the  Town  of  Lynchburg  for 
a  public  square,  and  on    which  said  Corporation  hath  erected  a  Court 

House  and  Jail.' 

******** 

''Fifth  Extension. — On  the  30th  of  January,  1826,  the  Legislature 
further  extended  the  limits  so  as  to  include  the  land  lying  in  the  fol- 
lowing boundaries,  to  wit : 

'  Beirinnins  at  the  east  line  at  the  junction  of  Fifth  Street  (now  Clay)  ami  Sixth 
Alley  (now  Twelfth  Street)  ;  thence  along  the  branch  of  the  south  margin  of  the 
river  to  the  horse-foixl  ;  thence  along  the  banks  of  the  river  to  Blackwater  Creek,  and 
along  the  creek  to  the  limits  of  the  said  town  on  the  north.' 


RESIDE^X;E  OP  MRS.  S.  B.  McCORKLE. 
(corner  of  main  and  pine  streets.) 

"  This  Act  required  that  the  Hustings  Court  .should  appoint  three 
Commissioners,  whose  duty  it  should  be  to  lay  off  the  added  territory 
into  '  convenient  lots,  streets  and  alleys,'  and  to  make  a  correct  plan 
of  the  same  for  recordation.  This  was  done  by  Thomas  Dillard,  D. 
G.  Murrell  and  Ralph  Smith,  Jr.,  and  their  report  and  plan  were  duly 
recorded  on  the  5th  of  June,  1827.  This  is  the  first  extension  the 
limits  of  which  reached  the  river,  and  even  then  the  river  front  was 
narrow,  extending  only  from  the  mouth  of  Blackv/ater.  at  the  toll- 
bridge,  to  the  mouth  of  the  Horse-ford  at  Hurt's  Mill. 

"  Seventh  Extension. — This  was  the  last  and  most  comprehensive. 
On  the  9th  day  of  December,  1 870,  the  Legislature  declared  that  the 
boundaries  of  the  City  of  Lynchburg  should  be  extended  and  defined 


92 


SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 


Virginian  Job  Printing  House 


U4 


C=> 


a-4 


C~^ 


CD 

pa 


1001   MAIN  STREET, 

CHAS.  F.  &  JOS.  BUTTON,  Proprietors, 


Every  Kind  of  Printing  Executed  in  First-Class  Style  and 
at  Reasonable  Prices. 


ESTIMATES    PROMPTLV    FURNISHED    UPON    APPLICATION.  "®8 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  93 

as  follows  ;  *  *  *  This  act  required  that  a  plat  of  these  territo- 
ries and  boundaries  '  with  the  notes  and  remarks  thereon  explaining 
thereof,  made  by  Col.  Aug.  Forsberg,'  the  City  Engineer,  should  be 
certified  by  the  President  and  Clerk  of  the  Council  to  the  Clerk  of 
the  Corporation  Court  for  recordation.  It  was  so  certified  and  has 
been  duly  recorded. 

"  The  limits  as  laid  down  in  this  Act  are  those  of  the  present  time. 
All  of  these  extensions  were  made  without  taking  the  vote  of  the 
people  thus  incorporated. 

-t.  *  'J(i  :i:  *  +-  t-  * 

"  Several  large  districts  within  the  present  limits,  but  outside  of 
the  corporate  lines  of  1827,  were  laid  off  into  squares  and  streets  by 
the  owners,  and  the  streets  so  laid  off  dedicated  to  the  use  of  the 
public  by  placing  the  plats  on  record  and  by  other  distinct  acts  de- 
claring such  intent. 

;■;  %-:  ■:^i  i^  ■^  ^  ^  -^ 

"  The  first  movement  towards  supplying  the  town  with  water  was 
in  1799,  when  '  The  Lynchburg  Fire  Company  '  obtained  leave  from 
the  trustees  to  sink  wells  and  erect  pumps  on  Main  Street  for  the 
convenience  and  .safety  of  the  citizens.  They  availed  themselves  of 
the  privilege  to  a  very  limited  extent,  although  several  pumps  were 
placed  on  the  side  walks  and  were  used  by  the  public  for  many  years. 

"In  181 1,  the  Council  granted  to  John  Lynch  the  privilege  of  con- 
veying water  in  wooden  pipes  through  the  streets  from  the  springs  on 
his  farm  at  the  head  of  Horseford  Branch.  These  springs  still  exist 
on  the  squares  lying  between  Madison,  Federal,  Sixth  and  Seventh  ; 
then  they  were  in  a  secluded  forest  of  original  growth  For  the  use 
of  this  water  Lynch  was  authorized  to  charge  the  citizens,  the  town 
reserving  the  right  to  use  so  much  of  it  as  was  necessary  to  extin- 
guish fires.  The  better  to  avail  themselves  of  this  ])rivi!ege,  in  181 3 
the  town  authorities  built  a  small  reservoir  on  Ninth  Street,  between 
Main  and  Court,  close  to  the  line  of  Court.  This  structure  was 
twelve  feet  square  and  ten  feet  deep,  and  was  kept  full  of  water  to 
meet  the  emergencies  of  a  fire.  It  seems  to  have  leaked  badly,  and 
there  was  much  complaint  that  the  street  in  its  neighborhood  was 
made  almost  impassable  thereby.  Four  fire  plugs  were  erected  at 
the  same  time,  from  which  the  little  fire  engine  the  town  then  boasted 
could  be  supplied.  John  Lynch  sold  out  his  interest  in  these  primi- 
tive water  works  in  18 17  to  James  Wade,  and  to  them  alone  did  our 
people  look  for  water  until  1827,  when,  after  much  violent  agitation, 
it  was  determined  by  a  vote  of  the  people  to  build  a  pump  house, 
dam,  and  the  reservoir  on  Clay  .Street,  at  a  cost  of  ^50,000.  To 
meet  this  expense  the  first  debt  of  the  town  was  created.  The  reser- 
voir was  constructed  under  the  supervision  of  Albert  Stein,  Esq.,  a 
Civil  Engineer  of  distinction,  and  was  finished   in  1830,  when  it  was 


94  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA.  ; 

JAME.S  T.  WILLIAMS.        JEHU  K.  WILLLVMS.        A.  8.  WHITE.        L.  G.   EFFINGEK 

JAMES  T,  WILLIAMS,  SON  Si  CO,, 

WHOLESALE  ?  GROCERS, 

JOBBERS  OF  MANUFACTURED  TOBACCO, 

And  Commission  Merchants. 

Quotations  Gladly  Furnished,         Correspondence  Solicited. 
608-6i0  main  street, 


W.  N.  BROWN, 


-WHOLESALE  DEALER  IN- 


Confectioneries  •:•  and  ■■•■  Fancy  •:•  Groceries, 

Lynchburg,       -       -       Virginia. 


NO  GOODS  AT  RETAIL. 


\^".W^ 


BUTLER  BROS., 

House,  Sign  and  Carriage 

—-'■-'  103  rEle-^eantli  street, 

Lynchburg,  -        -        Virginia. 


=  ^--aNC^  j---^?^  House,  Sign  and  Carriage 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE. 


95 


inauguarated  amidst  great  enthusiasm  by  a  very  elaborate  civic  and 
military  procession. 

"  The  reservoir  of  1830  seems  at  the  time  to  have  been  regarded 
by  our  forefathers  as  large  enough  to  meet  the  demands  of  an  indefi- 
nite future  ;  but  the  growth  of  the  town,  very  soon  after  its  comple- 
tion, developed  the  need  of  a  further  supply. 

"  Samuel  Miller,  Esq.,  who  amassed  a  large  fortune  in  the  City  of 
Lynchburg,  died  on  the  2nd  of  March,  1869.  The  22nd  clause  of 
his  will  gave  $20,000  to  the  City  '  to  be  appropriated  toward  the  pay- 
ment of  the  debt  which  may  be  contracted  '  in  furnishing  a  future 
supply  of  water,  provided  such  supply  was  furnished  within  ten  years 
from  the  day  of  his  death,  otherwise  the  legacy  was  to  lapse.  The 
Council  determined  to  secure  the  sum  to  the  City,  although  it  was 
entirely  inadequate  to  the  purpose  designated  in  the  will ;  and  in  May, 


RESIDENCE  OP  MR.  JAMES  T.  WILLIAMS. 

(corner  of  fedkral  and  ninth  streets.) 

1877,  the  construction  of  the  new  reservoir  on  College  Hill  was  com- 
menced and  rapidly  pushed  through,  under  the  control  of  a  commit- 
tee of  citizens,  consisting  of  Wilson  P.  Bryant,  Chairman  ;  C.  V. 
Winfree,  Robert  Early,  John  M.  Miller  and  Charles  M.  Blackford. 
The  plans  and  specifications  were  prepared  by  Col.  Aug.  Forsberg, 
the  City  Engineer,  who  supervised  the  work.  The  contractor  was 
Wm.  H.  Ford.  The  work  was  completed  in  eighteen  months  after 
it  was  commenced.  The  present  Council  is  causing  a  new  pump 
house  to  be  built,  in  which  will  be  placed  new  and  improved  ma- 
chinery, and  it  is  supposed  that  these  wise  outlays  will  secure  to  the 
City  a  bountiful  supply  of  water  for  some  years  to  come. 

"In    1813  a   small   structure   was  erected  as  a    Market    House   in 
Ninth  or  Bridge  Street,  between  Main  and  Church  Streets.      Its  orig-- 


96 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LVNCHBURC;,    VA.  ; 


THE  PEOPLES  NATIONAL  BANK 

OF 

Lynchburg,    -    -    Virginia. 

Capital,  $205,300.       Surplus  Fund,  $70,000, 


C.  M.  BLACKFORD.  President. 


K.  VV.  ORENSIIAVV,  Vice-President. 


J.  W.  IVEY,  Cashier. 

DIRECTORS. 

C.  M.  BLACKFORD.  W.  W.  TYF.ER.  JACOB  IL  FRANKLIN, 

JOHN  D.  LANGIIORNE,  \l.  W .  CRENSHAW,  T.  N.  DAVLS, 

C.  V.  WINFREE,  JAMES  A.  FORD.  JAMES  R.  GILLL\M. 

JOHN   H.  FLOOD,  JAMES  T.  WILIjL\MS, 

A  Gexkkal  Bankix,;   Business  Transvcted. 

PARTICULAR    ATTENTION   GIVEN  TO    COLLECTIONS. 


WEBSTER. 

With  or  without  Fateiit  Imlex. 


PRICE  50  CENTS, 


IT  IS  THE  STANDARD 

in  tlic  Gov't  rriiiUii^'  Oliice,  :uid  .Vuthority  with 
tlic  U.  y.  Supreiiit!  Court,  and  is  recommended 
t)y  the  titute  Sup'ts  of  Schools  in  36  States. 

A  Dictionary 

118,0(10  Words,  .".ooii  Engravings, 

A  Gazetteer  of  the  World 

of  L>.-|,( ■IKIrs,  (rcrcntlyaddrd)  and 

A  Biographical  Dictionary 

of  n.-;uiy  lo,(io(i  Noted  Persons, 

All  in  One  Book. 

The  latest  edition,  in  the  quantity  of  matter  it  ' 
contains,  Is  belicvcil  to  be  the  largest  volume   | 
pultlished.     It  has  IJOOO  more  Words  in  its  vo-  | 
cabuhn-y  tlian  are  found  in  any  other  Am.  Dlot'y, 
and  nearly  :5  times  the  number  of  Engravings. 

Ft  is  an  invalnnlile  aid  to  intelligence  in  every 
yehodl  and  Family. 

G.  &  C.  MERRIAM  &  CO.,  Pub'rs, Springfield,  Mass. 


Hl.'^TOKICAL      AND     INDUSTRIAL 

(iuiDE  TO  Petersburg,  Va." 

Sketch  Book  of  Danville, 
Va.;  Its  Manufactures  and 
Commerce." 

.Sketch  Book  of  Portsmouth, 
Va.;  Its  People  and  its 
Trade." 


PRICE  30  CENTS. 


"Sketch  lk)OK  of  Suffolk,  Va.; 
Its  People  and  its  Trade." 

edwardTollock, 

Author  and  Publisher, 
BOX  1 19,       -       PORTSMOUTH,  VA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


97 


inal  cost  was  $400.  This  primitive  building  had  additions  made  to  it 
on  several  occasions,  and  when,  in  i<S73,  it  was  finally  removed,  its 
proportions,  which  arc  still  fresh  in  the  memory  even  of  younger  citi- 
zens, were  far  from  attractive.      (See  engraving  on  page  59.) 

"  The  present  Market  House,  on  Main  Street,  was  built  during  the 
year  1873. 

*  *  *  t-  t-  t-  *  * 

"  The  first  Court  House  was  built  in  181 2,  upon  a  lot  given  to  the 
Corporation  by  John  Lynch,  Sr.  It  was  taken  down  and  the  present 
structure  erected  on  the  same  site  in  1852. 


THE  PEOPLES  NATIONAL  BANK. 

(811    MAIN    STREET.) 

"  A  census  was  taken  by  order  of  the  Council  in  18 16  by  Richard- 
son Taylor,  which  proved  the  population  of  the  town  to  be  3,087,  of 
whom  1,765  were  white  and  1,322  colored.  The  census  for  1880 
shows  its  population  to  be  16,012  ;*  but  how  many  are  white  and  how 
many  are  colored  the  books  of  the  new  census  are  not  sufficiently 
closed  to  ascertain. 

"  The  7>cc'u  of  Lynchburg  became  the  CITY  of  Lynchburg  by  an 
Act  of  the  Legislature,  on  the  20th  of  May,  1852. 

"The  first  public  burying  ground  was  situated  at  the  southwest 
corner  of  Court  and  Tenth  Streets.      In   18 16  it  was  abandoned,  and 

*N0TE.— The  revised  census  of  18S0  shows  the  population  of  the  City  to  have  been  15,959 
in  that  year;  of  these  7.485  were  white  and  8.47J  colored.— Ed. 


98  SKETCFl    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Furniture  S'  Mattresses, 

A  New  Feature. 

^-t^^^ 

I  have  recently  made  arrangements  with  some  of  the  largest  fac- 
tories in  the  United  States  for  the  handling  of  their  goods,  upon  such 
terms  as  will  enable  me  to  sell  their  goods  at  factory  prices.  When 
it  is  remembered  that  no  factory  of  any  importance,  or  any  house  in 
the  State,  is  offering  anything  like  this,  I  think  it  well  to  try  me. 

In  addition  to  the  Jobbing  Trade,  I  propose  to  continue  my  Retail 
Business  in  all  of  its  branches,  and  will  be  glad  to  serve  my  old  friends, 
and  add  as  many  new  ones  to  my  list  as  possible. 

I  am  now  getting  out  a  Catalogue,  which  I  hope  to  have  ready  by 
i5t  July.     Write  for  a  copy. 

THE    FURNITURE    MAN, 

210-212  NINTH  STREET,  LYNCHBURG, VA. 


Jacob  Shaner, 


Late  of  Shaner  Brothers. 


BUTCHER, 

'  Residence,  1922  Grace  Street, 

i^-FAMILTES  AND  HOTELS  SUPPLIED  AT  SHORT  NOTICE  "^ 

A.   H.   PLECP^R, 

IP  h:  o  T  o  Q-K.  J^  :f  n  E  K., 

902  MAIN  STREET,  LYNCHBURG,  V/\. 

All  work  promptly  and  artistically  finished.     Particular   attention  given  to  coi>ying 
and  enlarging  old  pictures.     Also  headquarters  for  Photographic  Frames. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


99 

became   the 


the   cemetery   known   as  the  '  Methodist   Grave   Yard 
pubhc  cemetery. 

"  On  the  28th  of  December,  1849,  the  City  contributed  ^500,000 
to  the  capital  stock  of  the  Virginia  &  Tennessee  Railroad  Company, 
partly  by  direct  subscription  and  partly  by  a  guaranty  of  six  per 
cent,  dividends  of  the  stock  to  be  taken  by  others, 

"On  the  1 8th  of  February,  1 871,  it  subscribed  ^200,000  to  the 
capital  stock  of  the  Lynchburg  &  Danville  Railroad  Company. 


MR.  J.  L.  THOMPSON'S  FURNITURE  ESTABLISHMENT. 

(210    AND   212   NINTH    STREET.) 

"  Without  these  liberal  subscriptions,  neither  of  these  great  works 
of  internal  improvement  could  at  the  time  have  been  built. 

"  On  the  breaking  out  of  the  war,  in  1861,  Lynchburg  furnished 
very  nearly  a  thousand  men  as  its  quota  to  the  Confederate  Army, 
most  of  whom  were  equipped  at  its  expense.  The  number  of  killed 
and    wounded    amongst    its    citizens    was   therefore    proportionately 


fOO  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

heavy.  No  battle  took  place  during  the  war  that  the  City  was  not 
called  upon  to  mourn  the  loss  of  its  gallant  sons. 

"  Tlie  City,  though  threatened  in  June,  1864,  by  Hunter's  Army, 
never  was  in  the  hands  of  the  Federal  forces  until  after  the  surrender 
at  Appomattox  Court  House,  and  when  it  was  occupied  it  was  sub- 
ject to  no  pillage. 

"Since  the  war,  Lynchburg,  by  reason  of  the  energy,  thrift  and 
frugality  of  its  citizens,  has  overcome  many  of  the  obstacles  which 
retarded  the  prosperity  of  other  Southern  towns,  and  has  steadily 
advanced  in  population  and  wealth  ;  and  it  is  now  claimed  that  in  the 
future  its  progress  will  be  both  rapid  and  sure." 

THE  FIRST  RRSERVOn^  AND  WATER  WORKS. 

The  subjoined  is  quoted  b)'  Mr.  Howe,  but  the  authorship  is  not 
stated  : 

"The  Lynchburg  Water  Works,  for  furnishing  the  town  with  an 
unfailing  supply  of  pure  and  wholesome  water,  were  constructed  in 
1828—29,  under  the  direction  of  Albert  Stein,  Esq.,  Engineer,  at  an 
expense  of  ;^5o,oco.  The  height — unprecedeiited  in  this  country — to 
which  it  was  necessary  to  raise  the  water,  renders  this  one  of  the 
most  interesting  undertakings  of  the  kind  in  the  United  States. 

*'  An  arm  of  the  James,  formed  by  an  island  about  two  miles  in 
length,  is  crossed,  a  short  distance  above  the  limits  of  the  Corpora- 
tion, by  a  dam  10  feet  high.  A  canal  of  half  a  mile  in  length  con- 
veys the  water  to  the  pump-house  on  the  river  bank,  at  the  foot  of 
Third  Alley.  A  double  forcing-pump,  on  the  plan  of  De  la  Hire, 
worked  by  a  large  breast  wheel,  impels  the  water  through  the  ascend- 
ing pipe,  which  is  2,000  feet  long,  to  a  reservoir  containing  400,000 
gallons,  situated  between  Fourth  and  Fifth  Streets,  and  at  the  eleva- 
tion of  253  feet  above  the  level  of  the  river.  Fire-plugs  are  connected 
with  the  distributing  pipes  at  every  intersection  of  the  alleys  with 
Second  and  Third  Streets,  and  afford  an  admirable  security  against 
the  danger  of  fire.  The  height  of  the  reservoir,  above  these  streets, 
gives  a  jet  of  water,  by  means  of  hose  pipes,  of  from  60  to  80  feet 
elevation,  and  throws  it,  in  bold  and  continuous  streams,  over  the 
roofs  of  the  highest  houses. 

"The  water  power  created  by  the  dam  for  the  Water  Works  is 
amply  suffici-ent  for  working  a  large  additional  amount  of  machinery, 
and  waits  only  for  a  clearer  perception  by  capitalists  of  the  manufac- 
turing advantages  of  this  town,  to  be  brought  into  extensive  use. 
The  cheapness  of  labor,  the  abundance  of  provisions,  and  the  extent 
and  wealth  of  the  country  looking  this  way  for  supplies  of  domestic, 
as  well  as  of  foreign  goods,  unite  with  the  vast  water-power,  actually 
prepared  and  ready  for  any  application,  in  inviting  the  attention  of 
men  of  capita!  and  enterprise  to  this  important  subject." 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE.  TO  I 

The  following  account  of  the  ceremony  of  laying  the  corner  stone 
of  the  Water  Works  is  from  a  local  newspaper  of  that  date  : 

"Interesting  Event. — On  Saturday  last,  (August  23rd,  1828,) 
an  event  deeply  interesting  to  Lynchburg  took  place  ;  one  in  which 
the  convenience,  health  and  safety  of  us  all  are  involved.  The  cor- 
ner stone  of  the  Lynchburg  Water  Works  was  laid — works,  the  mag- 


MESSRS.  WITT  &  WATKINS'  BOOT  AND  SHOE  WAREHOUSE. 
(main  street,  between  eighth  and  ninth.) 

nitude  of  which  exceeds  any  ever  attempted  in  Virginia.  .  .  .  The 
stone  was  laid  with  civic,  masonic  and  military  ceremonies.  About 
9  A.  M.  the  procession  was  formed  at  the  Presbyterian  Church,  at  the 
lower  end  of  Main  Street,  in  the  following  order  :    The  Military  ;  the 


I02  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

reverend  Clergy  ;  the  Engineer  ;  the  members  of  the  Common  Coun- 
cil, preceded  by  the  Water  Committee  ;  the  Judge  of  the  General 
Court  for  the  Circuit  and  Mayor  of  the  Corporation  ;  the  Recorder 
and  Aldermen  ;  the  Masonic  Fraternity  ;   Citizens. 

"  When  the  procession,  under  the  directions  of  the  Marshals  of  the 
day, — Major  James  B.  Risque,  Col,  Maurice  H.  Langhorne,  and  Cap- 
tains R.  R.  Phelps,  Samuel  I.  Wiat,  and  A.  M.  Gilliam — reached  the 
ground,  the  Artillery  and  Rifle  Companies  formed  a  hollow  square, 
within  which  were  the  Masons,  the  adjacent  banks  being  thronged 
with  spectators. 

"The  impressive  ceremonies  commenced  with  a  prayer,  appro- 
priate to  the  occasion,  by  the  Rev.  W.  S.  Reid,  followed  by  solemn 
music.  The  Rev.  F.  G.  Smith  then  implored  of  the  Supreme  Archi- 
tect of  the  Universe  a  blessing  on  the  undertaking.  The  Masonic 
Fraternity  proceeded  to  lay  the  corner  stone  ;  the  plate  bears  the  fol- 
lowing inscription  : 

This  stone,  the  foundation  of  a  work  executed  by  order  of 
the  Common   Council  of  Lynchburg,  for  supplying  the   town 
with  water,  was  laid  under  the  direction  of  John  Victor,  John 
Thurman,  John   Early,  David  G.  Murrell,  and  Samuel  Claytor,> 
by  the  Rt.  W.  Howson  S.  White,  D.  D.,  G.  Master,  and  the 
Worshipful   Maurice   H.  Garland,  M.  of  Marshall  Lodge,  No. 
39,  of  Free  and  Accepted  Masons,  on  the  23d  August,  A.  M. 
5828,  A.  D.  1828,  in  presence  of  the  Mayor,  Recorder,  Alder- 
men and  Common   Councilmen   of  said  Town  ;  the  members 
of  said  Lodge  ;  the  Artillery  and  Rifle  Companies,  commanded 
by  Captains  J.  E.  Norvell  and  James  W.  Pegram,  and  numerous 
Citizens,  Albon  McDaniel,  Esq.,  Mayor,  John  Thurman,  Esq.> 
President  of  the  Council,  Albert  Stein,  Esq.,  Engineer. 
"  Mr.    John  Victor,  Chairman  of  the  Water  Committee,  delivered 
an   address,  after  which  the   military  fired  a  salute,  and  the  gratified 
beholders  returned  to  their  homes,  all,  we  hope,  determined  to  use 
their  efforts  to  carry  on  the  work  to  a  succes.sful  termination.      We 
cordially  unite  with  Mr.  Victor  in  saying  :     '  Let  us  join  hands,  noth- 
ing doubting  that  we,  too,  can  accomplish  what  others   have  so  often 
done.'  " 

THE  JAMES  RIVER  AND  KANAWHA  CANAL. 

This  great  highway,  which  was  projected  about  the  year  1842,  was 
for  many  years  the  chief,  if  not  the  only  means  of  transportation  enjoyed 
by  Lynchburg,  and  formed  its  principal  avenue  of  communication 
with  the  outside  world.  It  extended  from  Richmond,  along  the 
margin  of  the  James  River,  two  hundred  miles,  through  the  centre  of 
the  State,  to  a  point  near  the  base  of  the  Alleghany  Mountains.     This 


ITS  PEOPLE  AND  ITS  TRADE.  IO3 

Canal  afforded  a  convenient  route  between  the  Western  States  and 
the  Atlantic  Ocean,  and  was  expected  by  its  projectors  to  become  the 
great  thoroughfare  of  the  Continent.  A  survey  of  its  proposed  ex- 
tensions was  made  by  officers  of  the  United  States  Engineer  De- 
partment, and  a  full  and  favorable  report  submitted  to  Congress.  It 
was  hoped  that  the  National  Gcvernment  would  undertake  the  com- 
pletion and  enlargement  of  the  Canal,  which  would  then  have  af- 
forded uninterrupted  water  communication  between  the  Mississippi 
and  Missouri  Rivers  and  their  tributaries,  and  the  Atlantic  Ocean  at 
Hampton  Roads.  But,  alas  for  such  primitive  enterprises  in  this  age 
of  steam  and  electricity  !  The  James  River  and  Kanawha  Canal, 
which  gave  long  and  faithful  service  to  the  State  during  its  lifetime, 
and  from  which  so  much  was  expected  during  the  after  years  which 
never  came,  is  now  a  mere  memory  of  departed  utility — its  bed  dry 
and  in  many  places  overgrown  with  grass  and  weeds,  and  its  tow-path, 
once  the  familiar  treadmill  of  the  patient  horse  and  mule,  now  con- 
verted into   the  road-bed  of  the    Richmond  and  Alleghany    Railroad. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  FEMALE  ORPHAN  ASYLUM. 

This  beneficent  institution,  for  the  edu- 
cation and  support  of  white  female  or- 
phans, owes  its  existence  to  the  philan- 
thropy of  the  late  Samuel  Miller,  a  native 
of  Albemarle  County,  Virginia,  who  was 
born  in  the  year  1792.  It  is  one  of  the 
noblest  monuments  to  personal  benevo- 
lence and  generosity  to  be  found  in  this  or 
any  other  of  the  Southern  States.  The 
parentage  of  the  founder  was  obscure,  and  his  early  years  were 
passed  in  poverty.  Having  neither  social  nor  scholastic  advatages, 
he  succeeded,  by  sheer  hard  work  and  steady  application,  in  ac- 
quiring, without  a  teacher  other  than  his  own  practical  intelligence, 
a  fair  education,  which  proved  of  infinite  value  throui^hout  his  lono- 
and  prosperous  life.  In  early  manhood  he  settled  in  Lynchburg,  en- 
gaged in  mercantile  pursuits,  and  eventually  amassed  an  enormous 
fortune,  estimated  at  several  millions  of  dollars.  For  many  years 
before  his  death,  which  occurred  in  1869,  he  retired,  owing  to 
impaired  heatlh,  to  his  estate  in  the  country,    about    six    miles  from 


THE  l^ORTER'S  LODGE. 


I04  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Lynchburg,  where  he  was  still  a  hard  worker,  being  interested  in 
extensive  speculations  in  railroad  and  other  securities,  in  every  section 
of  the  country. 

Although  a  bachelor,  Mr.  Miller  had,  for  a  long  period,  cherished 
a  scheme  for  the  establishment,  at  or  near  Lynchburg,  of  an  Asylum 
for  the  maintenance  and  training  of  the  female  orphans  of  the  City 
and  its  vicinity.  As  early  as  1849,  he  procured  the  passage,  by  the 
General  Assembly,  of  an  Act  of  Incorporation,  embodying  the  ideas 
he  then  entertained  on  that  subject  ;  but  it  was  not  until  1868 — the 
year  preceding  his  death — that  he  engaged  actively  in  formulating 
and  maturing  his  plans,  with  a  view  to  the  early  establishment  of  the 
institution. 

In  June,  1868,  Mr.  Miller  appointed  as  incorporators  Ambrose  B. 
Rucker,  John  G.  Meem,  George  D.  Davis,  John  H.  Flood,  Lorenzo 
Norvell,  Charles  W.  Button,  Don  P.  Halsey,  J.  J.  Terrill,  David  E. 
Spence,  William  A.  Miller,  John  F.  Slaughter,  Thomas  E.  Murrell 
and  James  O.  Williams,  to  take  charge  of  the  real  estate — a  beautiful 
grove  covering  about  forty  acres,  near  the  southwestern  boundary  of 
the  City — that  he  had  reserved  for  this  purpose,  and  to  assume  cus- 
tody of  the  bonds  that  he  had  appropriated  to  the  endowment  of  the 
Asylum,  with  authority  to  erect  the  necessary  buildings  and  to  assume 
the  management  of  the  institution.  The  first  meeting  of  these  gen- 
tlemen— to  formally  accept  the  trust — was  held  on  the  loth  of  June, 
1868,  and  on  the  following  day  a  new  charter  was  granted  by  the  Cir- 
cuit Court  of  Lynchburg,  Mr.  Ambrose  B.  Rucker  having  been 
elected  the  first  President  of  the  Asylum. 

In  November,  1869,  a  committee,  consisting  of  John  G.  Meem, 
Charles  W.  Button  and  George  D.  Davis,  was  appointed  to  select 
plans  for  the  building,  and,  in  pursuance  of  that  object,  visited  vari- 
ous similar  establishments  in  northern  cities  to  ascertain  the  most  ap- 
proved methods  of  heating,  ventilation,  &c.  They  finally  adopted, 
in  the  main,  the  plan  of  the  hospital  presided  over  by  the  late  Dr. 
Muhlenburg,  in  New  York. 

On  the  1 2th  of  July,  1870,  the  site  was  chosen  by  the  Directors, 
and  in  due  time  the  Lynchburg  Female  Orphan  Asylum,  as  it  now 
exists,  became  an  accomplished  fact,  at  a  cost  of  about  1^90,000.  The 
addition  of  the  beautiful  porter's  lodge  was  made  in  1 881,  at  a  further 
cost  of  $5,750. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


lo; 


CO 

Q 

'^ 


fo6  SKETCH  boos:  of  lynch bukg,  va.  ; 

NfflPORT  NEWS  &  MISSISSIPPI  WLUy  CO. 

Chesapeake  and  Ohio  Route. 

Sliortesl,  Ooicte&t,  aM  ia  Evcff  Respect  llie  Best  Line  Mw e&n 

Portsmouth^ 

Morfolk, 

And  Richmond, 

QUICKEST  ROUTE  TO 

Washington  and  Baltimore. 

GRAND  TRUNK  LINE  UNITING  PORTSMOUTH,  NORFOLK  AND  NEWPORT 
NEWS,  ON  THE  SEABOARD,  WITH 

Cincinnati,  Louisville, 

Chicago,  St.  Louis, 

Indianapolis,  Memphis, 

Little  Rock,  New  Orleans, 

AND  THE  WEST  AND  SOUTHWEST. 

PULLMAN    SERVICE    UNEQUALLED.     EQUIPMENT  OP    TRAINS    UNSUR- 
PASSED.    STEEL    RAILS    AND   STONE    BALLAST.     CONNECTIONS 
.   MADE  AT  ALL  POINTS  WITFIOUT  LAY-OVER.     THE  ONLY 
PULLMAN  SLEEPING-CAR  ROUTE  TO  THE  WEST. 

Ducal  Line  of  Iron  Steamships 

Sail  Forliiigtitly  Between  Newport  News  aiii  Liverpool, 

IN  CONNECTION  W ITII  THE  CHESAPEAKE  &  OHIO  ROUTE.     LOWEST  CUR- 
RENT RATES  ON  EXPORT  AND  IMPORT  BUSINESS.     FINE  ACCOM- 
MODATIONS FOR  CABIN  PASSENGERS.  STEERAGE  PASSEN- 
GERS BOOKED  TO  AND  PROM  ALL  EUROPEAN  PORTS. 

For  tickets  and  fall  information  as  to  rates  and  connections,  West  and  Southwest, 
apply  to  the  Ticket  Office  of  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany  Railroad,  Lynchburg,  Va., 
or  address 

H.    W.    FULLER.  Gen.  Pass.  Agent, 

Richmond,  Va. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  IO7 

Contiguous  lands  have  been  purchased  from  time  to  time,  and  the 
enclosure  now  contains  about  seventy-five  acres.  These  grounds  the 
Directors  have  reclaimed  and  improved  year  by  year,  and  they  are 
now  among  the  most  picturesque  and  park-Hke  in  the  State. 

Th?  remains  of  the  benevolent  founder,  who  died  on  March  27th, 
1869,  have  been  entombed  within  the  grounds,  beneath  a  graceful 
granite  shaft — said  to  be  the  largest  single  shaft  ever  quarried  in  the 
United  States — which  was  erected  to  his  memory  at  a  cost  of  $5,250, 
The  endowment  that  came  from  Mr.  Miller  during  his  lifetime,  and 
from  his  estate  after  his  decease — apart  from  the  land  he  presented— 
amounts  to  about  ^325,000. 

Sixty-two  orphan  girls  are  now  supported  wholly  at  this  As}^lum, 
while  at  the  same  time  they  are  being  carefully  educated,  as  well  as 
instructed  and  exercised  in  the  practical  affairs  of  domestic  life. 
During  all  the  years  that  the  Asylum  has  been  in  occupation,  only 
one  death — that  of  a  little  child — has  occurred  there. 

In  the  chapel  hangs  a  life-size  portrait  of  Mr  Miller,  painted  by  F. 
J.  Fisher,  the  now  famous  artist,  of  Washington.  As  a  work  of  art 
it  is  unsurpassed  in  its  fine  execution  and  its  fidelity  to  life  ;  while  it 
may  also  be  regarded  as  a  veritable  art  curiosity,  inasmuch  as  it  was 
painted  entirely  from  memory,  after  a  lapse  of  ten  years  since  the 
artist  and  his  subject  had  met.  Those  who  were  most  intimate  with 
Mr.  Miller  during  his  later  years  have  pronounced  the  picture  a  per- 
fect portrait.      It  was  finished  in  iS(Si,  and  purchased  for  $2,000. 

The  Corporation,  at  the  date  of  this  publication — 1887 — is  consti- 
tuted as  follows  :  President,  John  H.  Flood,  who  has  served  continu- 
ously since  April  2nd,  1872  ;  Vice-President,  William  A.  Miller;  Di- 
feetors,  John  H.  Flood,  William  A.  Miller,  John  F.  Slaughter,  Charles 
W.  Button,  William  A.  Strother,  David  E.  Spence,  Thomas  E.  Mur- 
rell,  J.  J.  Terrill,  John  W.  Carroll,  James  M.  Booker,  Charles  W. 
Statham,  Thomas  D.  Davis  and  Robert  T.  Craighill  ;  Secretary  and 
Treasurer,  A.  \\'.  Talley  ;  Matron,  Mrs.  E.  J.  Britton  ;  Teachers,  Miss 
R.  Cary  Williams  and  Mi.ss  Mildred  A.  Harris. 

THE  WAR  BETWEEN  THE  .STATES. 

With  the  events  of  this  cruel  and  unnatural  conflict,  which,  after 
four  terrible  years  of  unequalled  heroism  and  voluntary  self-sacrifice 
on  the  part  of  her  noble  sons  and  daughters,  resulted  in  the  over- 
throw and  humiliation  of  the  Southern  Confederacy,  this  narrative 


io8 


SKETCH    HOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA. 


THE  LYNCHBURG  IRON  COMPANY'S  BLAST  FURNACE. 


E.  BURD  GRUBB,  President. 

A.  VAN  RENSSELAER,  Vice-President. 


El>.  S.  HUTTER,  Manager. 

A.  FULLARTON,  Sec' ty  and  Treasr. 


The  LynchV>nrj?  Blast  Furnace  is  owned  by  The  Lynchburg  Iron  Company,  and 
was  built  in  1881,  Viy  General  E.  Bun!  Grubb,  who  owns  most  of  the  stock.       *> 

The  Furnace  is  located  between  the  James  River  and  the  main  line  of  the  Rich- 
mond &  Alleghany  Railroad,  within  the  City  limits.  Its  Stack  House  and  Iron  Yard 
are  reached  liy  the  Va.  Jlidland  and  Norfolk  &  Western  Railroads,  as  well  as  by  the 
Richmond  &  Alleghany. 

The  Company's  land  fronts  about  2,000  ft.  on  the  R.  &  A.  with  a  width  of  about 
300  feet  to  the  River,  and  a  water  power  right  of  about  200  horse-power. 

The  capacity  of  the  .Stack  t>=i  45  tons  pig  iron  per  day,  or  14,000  tons  per  year. 

Two-thirds  of  the  ore  used  is  mined  at  Blue  Ridge  Mines,  (brown  hemitite)  of 
Mne  quality,  and  the  other  one  third,  the  neutral  magnetic  ores,  from  Lower  James 
River  and  from  Pittsylvania  County. 

The  Iron  made  is  mainly  a  fine  quality  of  Foundry  Iron,  soft  and  fluid,  and  is 
sold  at  fidl  prices  as  last  as  made. 

The  Furnace,  and  the  mines  which  supply  the  material,  give  employment  to  about 
200  men.     The  annual  freights  paid  amount  to  about  $100,000. 

General  Grubb.  the  President  of  the  Company,  is  a  gentlemen  of  large  fortune, 
liberal  and  progressive  in  his  views,  and  was  one  of  the  first  capitalists  from  the  North 
to  invest  larsjely  in  Virginia  Iron  Works.  He  is  the  owner  of  the  Blue  Ridge  Iron 
Mines.  41  miles'  west  of  Lynchburg,  on  the  N.  &  W..  R.  R.,  and  connected  with  the 
latter  by  a  branch  road  two  miles  long.  These  mines  probably  contain  the  largest  de- 
posit of  hemitite  ores  yet  opened  or  worked  in  Virginia. 

The  Blast  Furnace,  the  variou"  mines  and  all  the  affairs  of  the  Company  in  Virginia 
are  under  the  management  of  Maj.  Ed.  S.  Hutter,  a  Virginian  and  a  native  of  this  City. 

w^Tjones'&co7 

Mauiifacturers  aiifl  Dealers  in  all  Kinils  of  Mnsical  luslrimeiits. 


< 
O 

GO 


o 


*®-Asents  for  the  MUSKnAL,  CASKET,  ret;iiliiic;  for  SIO,  including  20  ft.  of  music. 

Asent-s  for  the  poiuilnr  AUTOHARP,  (shown  in  atiove  cut). 

Always  caio'  a  full  stocli  of  Kiissiiin  and  Italian  BANJO  and  VIOLIN  STRINGS. 

REFAIRi:,G  OF  MUSICAL  INSTRUMENTS  A  SPECIALTY. 

We  ropresont  the  best  line  of  Musical  Goods  that  can  be  produced  in  this  or  other  coun- 
tries.   All  kinds  of  repairiuii  done  in  a  neat  and  substantia)  manner. 

SOS  3^<£a.irL  Stree*:,  I_.37-2r_cl1T0-a.rgr,  "Va.. 


uu 

^. 

> 

t-^ 

s: 

c^ 

0 

:s 

U) 

en 

^ 

m 

^ 

> 

(-J 

CO 

H 

GO 

ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


I(?9 


has  very  little  concern  ;  for  Lynchburg,  more  blest  than  many  of  her 
sister  cities  of  Virginia,  was  providentially  spared  the  horrors  of  a 
siege,  or  even  of  a  single  battle,  although  for  many  months  she  was 
fortified,  and  presented  all  the  characteristics  of  a  military  camp. 
Especially  was  this  the  case  in  the  latter  part  of  i^6t,,  when  Sheri- 
dan's cavalry  were  expected  to  visit  the  city,  and  the  latter  prepared 
herself  to  give  them  a  warm  reception.  From  time  to  time,  too, 
captured  Federal  soldiers  found  temporary  quarters  here,  en  foiite  to' 
the  regular  prisons. 

Besides  the  Home  Guard,  the  only  military  organization  of  that  day 
still  surviving,   which  was  mustered  into  the  State  service  on  April 


THE  LYNCHBURG  IRON  COMPANY'S  BLAST  FURNACE. 

24th,  1 86 1,  and  did  gallant  service  throughout  the  continuance  of 
hostilities,  Lynchburg  furnished  nearly  a  thousand  good  and  true 
soldiers  as  her  quota  to  the  Confederate  armies,  and  her  loss  was 
therefore  proportionately  heavy.  Scarce  a  battle  was  fought  which 
did  not  bring  bereavement  to  at  least  one  household  in  the  City — be- 
reavement which  was  to  some  extent  softened  by  the  knowledge  that 
the  mourned  one  had  died  gallantly  in  the  discharge  of  his  duty  and' 
in  the  defense  of  his  honor  and  his  home. 

The  principal  event  of  the  war,  so  far  as  Lynchburg  was  immedi- 
ately concerned,  occurred  in  the  summer  of  1864,  when  the  Fed- 
eral  troops  under  General  Hunter  advanced  upon  the  City  in  force, 


I  lO  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

RUCKER  &  BARNETT, 

Leaf  Tobacco  Commission  Merchants. 

The  firm  above  named  is  a  representative  one  in  this  important 
branch  of  the  tobacco  business.  The  senior  partner,  Mr.  S.  B. 
Rucker,  has  been  connected  with  the  trade  in  Lynchburg  since  1869, 
and  Mr.  J.  T.  Barnett  has  had  twelve  years'  experience  in  his  present 
field  of  labor.  Their  copartnership  was  formed  three  years  ago  and 
their  entire  attention  is  given  to  the  sale  of  leaf  tobacco.  Messrs. 
Rucker  &  Barxett  are  widely  known  and  enjoy  the  confidence  of 
planters  throughout  a  large  section  of  Virginia.  In  1886  they  sold 
on  commission  6,000,000  lbs.  of  tobacco  at  the  several  public  ware- 
houses of  Lynchburg.  They  are  always  well  informed  regarding  the 
condition  of  the  Tobacco  Market  and  the  prices  which  can  be  real- 
ized, and  give  their  earnest,  individual  efforts  to  secure  and  promote 
by  every  honorable  and  legitimate  means  the  best  interests  of  their 
principals.  They  have  no  dealings  of  a  private  nature  which  might 
conflict  with  those  of  their  customers,  and  do  not  engage  in  transac- 
tions of  a  .speculative  character.  By  activity,  prudence  and  enter- 
prise, their  reputation  has  become  thoroughly  established  as  sy.stem- 
atic  and  prompt  business  men.  All  planters  and  persons  who  ship 
tobacco  to  them  may  feel  confident  that  sales  will  be  made  at  the 
highest  obtainable  prices,  and  prompt  returns  rendered. 


EZCILSIOR  Lll! 


ONTO-    916    Xj'^JSrOPI    STI^EET, 

IS  THE  PLACE  TO  GO  FOR  THE  MOST  STYLISH 

Riding  and  Driving  Horses, 

FOR  THE  NEWEST  AND  MOST  ELEGANT 

LANDAUS,  t  PHOTONS,  X  SURRIES,  t  &c, 

Our  Livery  is  unsurpassed   by  any  in  the  State.     Our  Stable  has  been  pronounced  by 

tiie  leading  Physician  of  our  phice  to  be  the  BEST  VENTILATED 

AND  HEALTHIEST  IN  THE  CITY. 

STRICTEST    ATTENTION     GIVEN    STOCK     C0M3IITTED    TO    OUR    CARE. 

SPECIAL  ATTENTION  GIVEN  TO  THE  PURCHASE  AND 

SALE  OF  HORSES  AND  MULES. 

ELLIOTT  &  DOSS.  Proprietors, 

Telephone  Call  No.  16.  916  LYNCH  STREET,  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


1 1  r 


with  instructions  to  capture  and  occupy  it.  The  circumstances  under 
which  his  plans  were  frustrated  are  thus  related  in  "  A  Memoir  of  the 
Last  Year  of  the  War  of  Independence  in  the  Confederate  States  of 
America,"  by  Lieut.  Gen.  Jubal  A.  Early,  published  in  1867 — the 
foot-notes  as  well  as  the  text  being  his  own  : 

"march    TO    LYNCHBURG,    AND    PURSUIT    OF    HUNTER. 

"  On  the  1 2th  of  June,  1864,  while  the  2nd  Corps  (Ewell's)  of  the 
Army  of  Northern  Virginia  was  lying  near  Gaines'  Mill,  in  rear  of 


"CITY  VIEW,"  ON  AMHERST  HEIGHTS;  OVERLOOKING  THE  CITY. 
RESIDENCE  OP  MR.  SAMUEL  B.  RUCKER. 

Hill's  line  at  Cold  Harbour,  I  received  verbal  orders  from  General 
Lee  to  hold  the  corps,  with  two  of  the  battalions  of  artillery  attached 
to  it,  in  readiness  to  move  to  the  Shenandoah  Valley.  Nelson's  and 
Braxton's  battalions  were  selected,  and  Brigadier-General  Long  was 
ordered  to  accompany  me  as  Chief  of  Artillery.  After  dark,  on  the 
same  day,  written  instructions  were  given  me  by  General  Lee,  by 
which  I  was  directed  to  move,  with  the  force  designated,  at  3  o'clock 
next   morning,  for  the   Valley,  by  way  of  Louisa   C.  H.  and   Char: 


112  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

lottesville,  and  through  Brown's  or  Swift  Run  Gap  in  the  Blue  Ridge, 
as  I  might  find  most  advisable;  to  strike  Hunter's  force  in  the  rear, 
and,  if  possible,  destroy  it ;  then  to  move  down  the  Valley,  cross  the 
Potomac  near  Leesburg  in  Loudoun  County,  or  at  or  above  Harper's 
Ferry,  as  I  might  find  most  practicable,  and  threaten  Washington 
City.  I  was  further  directed  to  communicate  with  General  Brecken- 
ridge,  who  would  co-operate  with  me  in  the  attack  on  Hunter,  and 
the  expedition  into  Maryland. 

'•  At  this  time  the  railroad  and  telegraph  lines  between  Charlottes- 
ville and  Lynchburg  had  been  cut  by  a  cavalry  force  from  Hunter's 
army ;  and  those  between  Richmond  and  Charlottesville  had  been 
cut  by  Sheridan's  cavalry,  from  Grant's  army  ;  so  that  there  was  no 
communication  with  Breckenridge.  Hunter  was  supposed  to  be  at 
Staunton  with  his  whole  force,  and  Breckenridge  was  supposed  to  be 
at  Waynesboro,  or  Rockfish  Gap.  If  such  had  been  the  case,  the 
route  designated  by  General  Lee  would  have  carried  me  into  the 
Valley  in  Hunter's  rear. 

"The  2nd  Corps  now  numbered  a  little  over  8,ooo  muskets  for 
duty.  It  had  been  on  active  and  arduous  service  in  the  field  for  forty 
day's,  and  had  been  engaged  in  all  the  great  battles  from  the  Wilder- 
ness to  Cold  Harbour,  sustaining  very  heavy  losses  at  Spots)4vania 
C.  H.  where  it  lost  nearly  an  entire  division,  including  its  commander, 
Major-General  Johnson,  who  was  made  prisoner.  Of  the  Brigadier- 
Generals  with  it  at  the  commencement  of  the  campaign,  only  one 
remained  in  command  of  his  brigade.  Two  (Gordon  and  Ramseur) 
had  been  made  Major-Generals  ;  one  (G.  H.  Steuart)  had  been  cap- 
tured ;  four  (Pegram,  Hays,  J.  A.  Walker,  and  R.  D.  Johnston)  had 
been  severely  wounded  ;  and  four  (Stafford,  J.  M.  Jones,  Daniel,  and 
Doles)  had  been  killed  in  action.  Constant  exposure  to  the  weather, 
a  limited  supply  of  provisions,  and  two  weeks'  service  in  the  swamps 
north  of  the  Chickahominy  had  told  on  the  health  of  the  men.  Di- 
visions were  not  .stronger  than  brigades  ought  to  have  been,  nor  bri- 
gades than  regiments. 

"  On  the  morning  of  the  13th,  at  2  o'clock,  we  commenced  the 
march  ;  and,  on  the  i6th,  arrived  at  the  Rivanna  River,  near  Char- 
lottesville, having  marched  over  eighty  miles  in  four  days.* 

"  From  Louisa  C.  H.  I  had  sent  a  dispatch  to  Gordonsville,  to  be 
forwarded,    by   telegraph,    to    Brecken ridg;ej_and^j)n^ jTiy_amyal_at 

*On  the  loth,  we  passed  over  the  ground,  near  TievUlian's  depot,  on  which  Hampton 
and  Shei'ldan  had  fouKht,  on  the  llth  and  12th  Hampton  had  defeated  .Sheridan,  and 
was  then  in  pursuit  of  him.  Grant  claims,  in  his  report,  that,  on  the  llth,  Sheridan 
drove  our  oavalrv"from  the  held,  in  complete  rout;"  and  says,  wlien  he  advanced 
towards  (iordousv'ille.  on  the  12th,  "  he  found  tlie  enemy  reinforced  by  infantry,  behind 
well-constructed  rifle-pits,  about  five   miles  from  the  latter  place,  and  too  strong  to  suc- 

^"^^riiisis'asThoroiighly  afancv  sketch  as  can  well  be  manufactured.  There  was  not  an 
infautrv  soldier  in  arms  nearer  the  scene  of  action  than  with  General  Lee  s  army,  near 
Cold  Harbour;  and  the  "well-constructed  rifle-pits  "  were  nothing  more  than  rails  put 
UP  in  tlie  manner  in  which  cavalry  were  accustomed  to  arrange  them  to  prevent  a 
charge.  Sheridan  mistook  some  of  Hampton's  cavalry,  dismounted  and  fighting  on 
foot,  for  infantry ;  and  the  statement  was  made  to  cover  his  defeat. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


1  I 


Charlottesville,  on  the  i6th,  to  which  place  I  rode  in  advance  of  the 
troops,  I  received  a  tele<;ram  from  him,  dated  at  Lynchburg,  inform- 
ing me  that  Hunter  was  then  in  Bedford  county,  about  twenty  miles 
from  that  place,  and  moving  on  it. 

"The  railroad  and  telegraph  between  Charlottesville  and  Lynch- 
burg had  been,  fortunately,  but  slightly  injured  by  the  enemy's  cav- 
alry, and  had  been  repaired.  The  distance  between  the  two  places 
was  sixty  miles,  and  there  were  no  trains  at  Charlottesville,  except 
one  which  belonged  to  the  Central  road,  and  was  about  starting  for 
Waynesboro.  I  ordered  this  to  be  detained,  and  immediately  di- 
rected, by  telegram,  all  the  trains  of  the  two  roads  to  be  sent  to  me 
with  all  dispatch,  for  the  purpose  of  transporting  my  troops  to  Lynch- 
burg.     The  trains  were  not  in  readiness  to  take   the  troops  on  board 


RESIDENCE  OF  MR.  W.  H.  WREN. 
(court  strket,  between  tenth  and  eleventh.) 

until  sunrise  on  the  morning  of  the  17th.  and  then  only  enough  were 
furnished  to  transport  about  half  my  infantry.  Ramseur's  division, 
one  brigade  of  Gordon's  division,  and  part  of  another  were  put  on 
the  trains,  as  soon  as  they  were  ready,  and  started  for  Lynchburg. 
Rodes'  division  and  the  re.sidue  of  Gordon's  were  ordered  to  move 
along  the  railroad,  to  meet  the  trains  on  their  return.  The  artillery 
and  wagon  trains  had  been  started  on  the  ordinary  roads  at  daylight. 
"  I  accompanied  Ramseur's  division,  going  on  the  front  train,  but 
the  road  and  rolling  stock  were  in  such  bad  condition  that  I  did  not 
reach  Lynchburg  until  about  I  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  and  the 
other  trains  were  much  later.  I  found  General  Breckenridge  in  bed, 
suffering  from  an  injury  received  by  the  fall  of  a  horse  killed  under 
him   in  action   near  Cold  Harbour.      He  had  moved   from   Rockfish 


114  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    f.VNCHBURG,    VA.  ; 

LYNCHBUKG  FERTILIZER  COMPANY. 


Messrs.  Wright  &  Craighill,  Manufacturers  and  Proprietors 
of  THE  LYNCHBURG  FERTILIZER  AND  INSECTICIDE,  have, 
within  the  past  two  years,  originated  an  enterprise  which  has  already 
attracted  wide-spread  attention,  and  is  destined  to  become  in  the  near 
future  one  of  the  gigantic  and  overshadowing  interests  in  the  commer- 
cial and  agricultural  history  and  material  progress  of  Virginia  and  the 
United  States.  It  bids  fair  to  be  one  of  those  astonishing  out- 
growths of  American  industry  and  inventive  genius,  which  are  con- 
stantly springing  up  and  e.xciting  the  admiration  of  mankind. 

The  lands  of  the  older  States  of  the  Atlantic  Seaboard  have  be- 
come impoverished  by  unskilled  cultivation  and  the  excessive  use  af 
stimulating  guanos  ;  and  the  planters  of  the  South  have  been  so  re- 
morselessly victimized  by  the  fraudulent  fertilizers  which  flood  the 
market,  that  the  agricultural  depression  of  that  once  teeming  region 
is  melancholy  to  witness.  Moreover,  the  insects,  (bred  and  nour- 
ished by  the  filthy  manures  manufactured  of  decayed  vegetable  and 
animal  matter),  have  become  nearly  as  destructive  to  growing  vegeta- 
tion as  the  locusts  of  Egypt  All  over  the  country,  indeed,  whilst 
the  staple  crops  of  all  kinds  have  received  and  are  receiving  incalcu- 
lable damage,  the  cultivation  of  many  of  the  most  useful  vegetables, 
luscious  fruits  and  beautiful  flowers  has  become  nearly  extinct,  by 
reason  of  the  animal  parasites  which  feed  upon  the  tender  plants  and 
prevent  their  perfection  and  fruitage  ;  and  it  has  really  come  to  pass 
that  no  vegetation  whatever,  from  the  forest  oak  or  standard  fruit  tree 
to  the  products  of  the  farm,  the  garden  and  the  hot  house,  is  exempt 
from  the  blighting  cur.se. 

In  this'deplorable  condition  of  affliirs  th^-  enterprizing  firm  of 
Wright  &  Craighill  have  put  upon  the  market  thjir  Lynchburg  Fer- 
tilizer and  Insecticide — an  article  of  merchandize  whose  formula  and 
preparation  have  taxed  the  highest  chemical  talent  of  this  Country 
and  Europe,  resulting  in  the  happy  combination  of  a  perfect  fertilizcj' 
and  a  perfect  insecticide,  adapted  to  all  crops,  soils  and  climates.  This 
valuable  preparation  does  not  stiuuilate  hnljeecis  the  soil,  whilst  gently 
stimulating  the  growing  crops  and  preventing  the  hurtful  interference 
of  insects  with  its  healthy  growth. 

It  is  not  the  province  of  the  historian  to  deal  too  much  in  de- 
tails, but  rather  to  contemplate  the  wider  field  of  human  demand  and 
supply  in  the  complex  and  ever-varying  interests  of  communities  in 
Towns  and  Cities,  States  and  Nations  ;  and  in  this  connection  it  may 
be  averred  as  a  rational  belief  that  no  device  or  invention  has  ever 
originated  in  this  or  any  country  more  promising  than  The  Lynch- 
burg Fertilizer  and  Insecticide  for  the  producer  and  consumer  of 
vegetable  food,  or  better  calculated  to  clothe  the  earth  with  charming 
verdure  and  fill  it  with  the  beauty  and  fragrance  of  blooming  flowers. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  I  1  5 

Gap  to  Lynchburg  by  a  forced  march,  as  soon  as  Hunter's  movement 
towards  that  place  was  discovered.  When  I  showed  him  my  instruc- 
tions, he  very  readily  and  cordially  offered  to  co-operate  with  me,  and 
serve  under  my  command. 

"  Hunter's  advance  from  Staunton  had  been  impeded  by  a  brig:ade 
of  cavalry,  under  Brigadier-General  McCausland,  which  had  been 
managed  with  great  skill,  and  kept  in  his  front  all  the  way,  and  he 
was  reported  to  be  then  advancing  on  the  old  stone  turnpike  from 
Liberty,  in  Bedford  County,  by  New  London,  and  watched  by  Imbo- 
den  with  a  small  force  of  cavalry. 

"As  General  Breckenridge  was  unable  to  go  out,  at  his  request, 
General  D.  H.  Hill,  who  happened  to  be  in  town,  had  made  arrange- 
ments for  the  defense  of  the  city,  with  such  troops  as  were  at  hand. 
Brigadier-General  Hays,  who  was  an  invalid  from  a  wound  received 
at  Spotsylvania  Court  House,  had  tendered  his  services  and  also  aided 
in  making  arrangements  for  the  defense.  I  rode  out  with  General 
Hill  to  examine  the  line  selected  by  him,  and  make  a  reconnoisance 
of  the  country  in  front.  Slight  works  had  been  hastily  thrown  up  on 
College  Hill,  covering  the  turnpike  and  Forest  roads  from  Liberty, 
which  were  manned  by  Breckenridge's  infantry  and  the  dismounted 
cavalry  of  the  command  which  had  been  with  Jones  at  Piedmont. 
The  reserves,  invalids  from  the  hospitals,  and  the  cadets  from  the 
Military  Institute  at  Lexington,  occupied  other  parts  of  the  line.  An 
inspection  satisfied  me  that,  while  this  arrangement  was  the  best 
which  could  be  made  under  the  circumstances  in  which  General  Hill 
found  himself,  yet  it  would  leave  the  town  exposed  to  the  fire  of  the 
enemy's  artillery,  should  he  advance  to  the  attack,  and  I  therefore 
determined  to  meet  the  enemy  with  my  troops  in  front. 

"  We  found  Imboden  about  four  miles  out  on  the  turnpike,  near 
an  old  Quaker  church,  to  which  position  he  had  been  gradually  forced 
back  by  the  enemy's  infantry.  My  troops,  as  they  arrived,  had  been 
ordered  in  front  of  the  works  to  bivouac,  and  I  immediately  sent  or- 
ders for  them  to  move  out  on  this  road,  and  two  brigades  of  Ram- 
seur's  division  arrived  just  in  time  to  be  thrown  across  the  road,  at  a 
redoubt  about  two  miles  from  the  city,  as  Imboden's  command  was 
driven  back  by  vastly  superior  numbers.  These  brigades,  with  two 
pieces  of  artillery  in  the  redoubt,  arrested  the  progress  of  the  enemy, 
and  Ramseur's  other  brigade,  and  the  part  of  Gordon's  divison  which 
had  arrived,  took  position  on  the  same  line.  The  enemy  opened  a 
heavy  fire  of  artillery  on  us,  but,  as  night  soon  came  on,  he  went  into 
camp  in  our  front. 

"  On  my  arrival  at  Lynchburg,  orders  had  been  given  for  the  im- 
mediate return  of  the  trains  for  the  rest  of  my  infantry,  and  I  ex- 
pected it  to  arrive  by  the  morning  of  the  i8th,  but  it  did  not  get  to 
Lynchburg  until  late  in  the  afternoon  of  that  day.  ^Hunter's  force 
was  considerably  larger  than  mine  would  have  been,  had  it  all  been 


ii6 


SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,   VA.  ; 


THE  LYNCHBUEG  FUENITUEE  CO., 

WHOLESALE    AND    RETAIL     FURNITURE     DEALERS. 

This  house  commenced  business  in  May.  1885,  and  from  the  start 
success  has  attended  its  operations. 

The  members  of  the  firm  are  W.  P.  Dillon,  C.  W.  Liggan,  and 
Gilliam  &  Co.  The  two  first,  who  are  enterprising  and  energetic 
young  business  men,  give  their  constant  and  persevering  attention  to 
the  management  of  the  Company's  business,  (Gilliam  &  Co.  having  a 
pecuniary  interest  alone.) 

Stock  purchases  are  made  direct  from  the  manufacturers  on  the 
most  advantageous  terms,  and,  being  content  to  sell  goods  on  a 
reasonable  margin  of  profit,  the  Company  has,  through  close  and 
polite  attention  to  the  wants  of  their  customers,  established  in  a  com- 
paratively short  space  of  time  an  entensive  and  ever-increasing  trade. 

Their  warerooms  ccntain  a  large  and  varied  assortment  of  all  kinds 
of  Furniture,  suited  to  every  taste  and  every  purse.  They  also  carry 
a  large  and  diversified  line  of  Mattresses. 

Their  present  business  premises  are  at  917  Main  Street,  but 
about  July  ist  they  will  remove  to  the  commodious  four-story  brick, 
iron-front  building  now  being  erected  for  them  at  1023  Main  Street, 
a  cut  of  which  appears  in  the  opposite  page.  The  new  building  is 
125  feet  in  length,  and  will  be  one  of  the  largest,  most  ornate  and 
complete  business  blocks  in  the  City  of  Lynchburg. 


U 


OHN  T,  EDWARDS 

AGENT 


Broker  and  Commission  Merchant. 

Consignments  of  all  kinds  of  Leaf  Tobacco  solicited.     Special    attention  given  to  the 

sale  of  Prized  Leaf  Tobacco.     Dealers  will  find  it  to  their  interest  to  send  me  their 

Tobacco  or  gnaranteed  samples  for  sale.      I   keep  a   fnll    line   of  all 

classes  of  Virginia  and  North  Carolina  Tobacco. 

Burley  Tobacco  a  Specialty, 

The  attention  of  buyers  is  invited  to  my  stock.  Correspondence  Solicited. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


117 


up,  and  as  it  was  of  the  utmost  consequence  to  the  army  at  Rich- 
mond that  he  should  not  get  into  Lynchburg,  I  did  not  feel  justified 
in  attacking  him  until  I  could  do  so  with  a  fair  prospect  of  success.* 
I  contented  myself,  therefore,  with  acting  on  the  defensive  on  the 
1 8th,  throwing  Breckenridge's  infantry  and  a  part  of  his  artillery  on 
the  front  line,  while  that  adopted  by  General  Hill  was  occupied  by 
the  dismounted  cavalry  and  the  irregular  troops.  During  the  day, 
there  was  artillery  firing  and  skirmishing  along  the  line,  and,  in  the 
afternoon,  an  attack  was  made  on   our  line,  to  the  right  of  the  turn- 


XEW  BUILDING  OF  THE  LYNCHBURG  FURNITURE  COMPANY. 

(main  street,  between  tenth  and  eleventh.) 

pike,  which  was  handsomely  repulsed  with  considerable  loss  to  the 
enemy.  A  demonstration  of  the  enemy's  cavalry  on  the  Forest  road, 
was  checked  by  part  of  Breckenridge's  infantry  under  Wharton,  and 
McCausland's  cavalry. 

"On  the  arrival  of  the  cars  from  Richmond  this  day,  Major-Gen- 
erals Elzey  and  Ransom  reported  for  duty,  the  former  to  command 


*Froni  the  best  information  I  have  received,  I  am  satisfied  Hunter's  force  exceeded 
30,000  men. 


Il8  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

ESTABLISHED  OVER  FIFTY  YEARS  AGO. 


H,  SILVERTHORN, 

9rl2  MAIN  STREET. 

lewGler,  iilversmith  and  latchmakcr, 

Carries  the  Most  Complete  and  Varied  Stock  of 

Diamonds,  *  Watches, 
jewelry,  simwaee,  clocks  i  optical  goods 


11^   THIS   s:ectioi>t. 

Being  a  practical  man,   and  knowing  the  advantages  of  selling  First 

Class  Goods,  his  effort  is  to  select  from  the  leading  manufacturers 

of  the    country,  and  can    say    without    hesitation    that 

No  House  in  the  South  Caiiies  a  Finei  Class  of  Goods. 

1  am   also   prepared  with  necessary   tools  and  machinery,  and   fine, 

skilled    workmen,   to   do   all   kinds  of   difficult    Repairing    and 

Matching  Jewelry,    Watches   and   Silverware.       Diamonds 

Re-set,  Medals,  Badges  and  Rings  made  to  special  order, 

and  Artistic   Engraving  and   Monogram   work. 

Address 

H.  SILVERTHORN, 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


119 


the  infantry  and  dismounted  cavalry  of  Breckenridge's  command,  and 
the  latter  to  command  the  cavalry.  The  mounted  cavalry  consisted 
of  the  remnants  of  several  brigades  divided  into  two  commands,  one 
under  Imboden,  and  the  other  under  McCausland.  It  was  badly 
mounted  and  armed,  and  its  efficiency  much  impaired  by  the  defeat 
at  Piedmont,  and  the  arduous  service  it  had  recently  gone  through. 
As  soon  as  the  remainder  of  my  infantry  arrived  by  the  railroad, 
though  none  of  my  artillery  had  gotten  up,  arrangements  were  made 
for  attacking  Hunter  at  daylight  on  the  19th,  but,  sometime  after 
midnight,  it  was  discovered  that  he  was  moving,  though  it  was  not 


MR.  H.  SILVERTHORN'S  JEWELRY  STORE. 

(912  MAIN   STREET.) 

known  whether  he  was  retreating,  or  moving  so  as  to  attack  Lynch- 
burg on  the  south  where  it  was  vulnerable,  or  to  attempt  to  join 
Grant  on  the  south  side  of  James  River.  Pursuit  could  not,  there- 
fore, be  made  at  once,  as  a  mistake,  if  either  of  the  last  two  objects 
had  been  contemplated,  would  have  been  fatal.  At  light,  however, 
the  pursuit  commenced,  the  2nd  Corps  moving  along  the  turnpike, 
over  which  it  was  discovered  Hunter  was  retreating,  and  Elzey's  com- 
mand on  the  right,  along  the  Forest  road,  while  Ransom  was  ordered 


I20  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

to  move  on  the  right  of  Elzey,  with  McCausland's  cavalry,  and  en- 
deavor to  strike  the  enemy  at  Liberty  or  the  Peaks  of  Otter.  Imbo- 
den,  who  was  on  the  road  from  Lynchburg  to  Campbell  Court  House, 
to  watch  a  body  of  the  enemy's  cavalry,  which  had  moved  in  that 
direction  the  day  before,  was  to  have  moved  on  the  left  towards  Lib- 
erty, but  orders  did  not  reach  him  in  time.  The  enemy's  rear  was 
overtaken  at  Liberty,  twenty-five  miles  from  Lynchburg,  just  before 
night,  and  driven  through  that  place,  after  a  brisk  skirmish,  by  Ram- 
seur's  division.  The  day's  march  on  the  old  turnpike,  which  was  very 
rough,  had  been  terrible.  McCausland  had  taken  the  wrong  road 
and  did  not  reach  Liberty  until  after  the  enemy  had  been  drixen 
through  the  town. 

"  It  was  here  ascertained  that  Hunter  had  not  retreated  on  the 
route  by  the  Peaks  of  Otter,  over  which  he  had  advanced,  but  had 
taken  the  road  to  Bu ford's  depot,  at  the  foot  of  the  Blue  Ridge, 
which  would  enable  him  to  go  either  by  Salem,  Fincastle,  or  Buch- 
anan. Ransom  was,  therefore,  ordered  to  take  the  route,  next  day, 
by  the  Peaks  of  Otter,  and  endeavor  to  intercept  the  enemy  should 
he  move  by  Buchanan  or  Fincastle.  The. pursuit  was  resumed  early 
on  the  morning  of  the  20th,  and  on  our  arrival  in  sight  of  Buford's, 
the  enemy's  rear  guard  was  seen  going  into  the  mountain  on  the  road 
towards  Salem.  As  this  left  the  road  to  Buchanan  open,  my  aide, 
Lieutenant  Pitzer,  was  sent  across  the  mountain  to  that  place,  with 
orders  to  Ransom  to  move  for  Salem.  Lieutenant  Pitzer  was  also 
instructed  to  ride  all  night  and  send  directions,  by  courier  from  Fin- 
castle, and  telegraph  from  Salem,  to  have  the  road  through  the  moun- 
tains to  Lewisburg  and  South-Western  Virginia  blockaded.  The 
enemy  was  pursued  into  the  mountains  at  Buford's  Gap,  but  he  had 
taken  possession  of  the  crest  of  the  Blue  Ridge,  and  put  batteries  in 
position  commanding  a  gorge,  through  which  the  road  passes,  where 
it  was  impossible  for  a  regiment  to  move  in  line.  I  had  endeavored 
to  ascertain  if  there  was  not  another  way  across  the  mountain  by 
which  I  could  get  around  the  enemy,  but  all  the  men,  except  the  old 
ones,  had  gotten  out  of  the  way,  and  the  latter,  as  well  as  the  women 
and  children,  were  in  such  a  state  of  distress  and  alarm,  that  no  reli- 
able information  could  be  obtained  from  them.  We  tried  to  throw 
forces  up  the  sides  of  the  mountains  to  get  at  the  enemy,  but  they 
were  so  rugged  that  night  came  on  before  anything  could  be  accom- 
plished, and  we  had  to  desist,  though  not  until  a  very  late  hour  in  the 
night. 

"By  a  mistake  of  the  messenger,  who  was  sent  with  orders  to 
General  Rodes,  who  was  to  be  in  the  lead  next  morning,  there  was 
some  delay  in  his  movement  on  the  21st,  but  the  pursuit  was  resumed 
very  shortly  after  sun-rise.  At  the  Big  Lick,  it  was  ascertained  that 
the  enemy  had  turned  off  from  Salem  towards  Lewisburg  on  a  road 
which   passes  through   the  mountains  at  a   narrow  pass  called   the 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE, 


121 


'  Hanging  Rock,'  and  my  column  was  immediately  turned  towards 
that  point,  but  on  arriving  there  it  was  ascertained  that  the  enemy's 
rear  guard  had  passed  through  the  gorge.  McCausland  had  struck 
his  column  at  this  point  and  captured  ten  pieces  of  artillery,  some 
wagons,  and  a  number  of  prisoners  ;  but,  the  enemy  having  brought 
up  a  heavy  force,  McCausland  was  compelled  to  fall  back,  carrying 
off,  however,  the  prisoners,  and  a  part  of  the  artillery,  and  disabling 
the  rest  so  that  it  could  not  be  removed.  As  the  enemy  had  got  into 
the  mountains,  where  nothing  useful  could  be  accomplished  by  pur- 
suit, I  did  not  deem  it  proper  to  continue  it  farther.  A  great  part  of 
my  command  had  had  nothing  to  eat  for  the  last  two  days,  except  a 
little  bacon  which  was  obtained  at  Liberty.  The  cooking  utensils 
were  in  the  trains,  and  the  effort  to  have  bread  ba'ced  at  Lynchburg 


CITY  RESERVOIRS  AND  CHURCH  (R.  C.)  OF  THE  HOLY  CROSS. 
(corner  of  clay  and  seventh  streets.) 

had  failed.  Neither  the  wagon  trains,  nor  the  artillery  of  the  2nd 
Corps,  were  up,  and  I  knew  that  the  country  through  which  Hun- 
ter's route  led  for  forty  or  fifty  miles,  was,  for  the  most  part,  a  deso- 
late mountain  region  ;  and  that  his  troops  were  taking  everything  in 
the  way  of  provisions  and  forage  which  they  could  lay  their  hands 
on.  My  field  officers,  except  those  of  Breckenridge's  command, 
were  on  foot,  as  their  horses  could  not  be  transported  on  the  trains 
from  Charlottesville.  I  had  seen  our  soldiers  endure  a  great  deal, 
but  there  was  a  limit  to  the  endurance  even  of  Confederate  soldiers. 
A  stern  chase  of  infantry  is  a  very  difficult  one,  and  Hunter's  men 
were  marching  for  their  hves,  his  disabled  being  carried  in  his  pro- 
vision  train    which   was  now   empty.      My   cavalry   was   not   strong 


122 


SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHRURG,  VA. 


LYNCHBURG  MAeBLE  UNO  GRANITE  WORKS 

821-82?  CMircli  Street,  Corner  of  Sintli  Street, 
J.   I.  VAN  NESS,  Proprietor. 


This  establishment,  which  has  in  a  marked  manner  for  many  years  enjoyed  the 
favor  of  the  public,  keeps  up  with  the  times  in  quality,  variety  and  prices  of  its  pro- 
ductions. . 

The  fact  of  its  having  so  successfully  overcome  competition  is  suflScient  endorse- 
ment of  its  past   methods  of  conducting   business,  and   should  be  a   guarantee  for  the 

We  undertake  country  work  of  every  kind  and  size,  including  Marble  and  Granite 
Monuments  and  Headstones,  Iron  Railings,  Vaidts,  Marble,  Limestone  and  Granite 
Curbing,  Building  Marble.  &c. 

A  visit  to  our  shops  will  convince  the  customer  that  he  can  obtain  more  for  his 
money,  in  quality  of  material  and  beauty  of  workmanship  than  most  cities  oifer,  and 
with  a' large  assortment  of  designs  from  which  to  select,  his  taste  can  be  gratified  in 
every  particular. 

We  obtain  low  rates  of  freight  which  are  guaranteed  the  customer. 

Thankful  for  past  patronage  we  solicit  a  continuance  of  the  same,  promising  sat- 
isfaction in  every  respect. 


1 


=fri 


z 

< 
z 


CO 

Q 

m 

PC 

o 
o 

Q 

CO 


'    ' 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


12; 


enougli  to  accomplish  anything  of  importance,  and  a  further  pursuit 
could  only  have  resulted  in  disaster  to  my  command  from  want  of 
provisions  and  forage. 

"  I  was  glad  to  see  Hunter  take  the  route  to  Lewisburg,  as  I  knew 
he  could  not  stop  short  of  the  Kanawha  River,  and  he  was,  there- 
fore, disposed  of  for  some  time.      Had  he  moved  to  South-Western 


LYNCHBURG  MARBLE  AND  GRANITE  WORKS— J.  I.  VAN  NESS,  PROP'R. 

(church  street — FOOT  OF  COURT  HOUSE  HILL.) 

Virginia  he  would  have  done  us  incalculable  mischief,  as  there  were 
no  troops  of  any  consequence  in  that  quarter,  but  plenty  of  supplies 
at  that  time.  I  should,  therefore,  have  been  compelled  to  follow 
him.* 


*Grant,  in  his  report  says:  "General  Hunter,  owing  to  a  want  of  ammunition  to  give 
battle,  retired  from  before  the  place,"  (Lynchburg).  This  is  a  little  remarkable,  as  it  ap- 
pears that  this  expedition  had  been  long  contemplated  and  was  one  of  the  prominent 
features  of  the  campaign  of  1864.  Sheridan,  with  his  cavalry,  was  to  have  united  with 
Hunter  at  Lynchburg,  and  the  two  together  were  to  have  destroyed  General  Le^'s  com- 
munications and  depots  of  supplies,  and  then  lave  .joined  Grant.  Can  it  be  believed 
that  Hunter  set  out  on  so  important  an  expedition  with  an  insutlicient  supply  of  amrnu- 


124  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

'*  My  command  had  marched  sixty  miles,  in  the  three  days  pur- 
suit, over  very  rough  roads,  and  that  part  of  it  from  the  Army  of 
Northern  Virginia  had  had  no  rest  since  leaving  Gaines'  Mill.  I  de- 
termined, therefore,  to  rest  on  the  22nd,  so  as  to  enable  the  wagons 
and  artillery  to  get  up,  and  prepare  the  men  for  the  long  march  be- 
fore them.  Imboden  had  come  up,  following  on  the  road  through 
Salem  after  the  enemy,  and  the  cavalry  was  sent  through  Fincastle, 
to  watch  the  enemy  and  annoy  him  as  he  passed  through  the  moun- 
tains towards  Lewisburg,  and  also  ascertain  whether  he  would  en- 
deavor to  get  into  the  Valley  towards  Lexington  or  Staunton." 

RESTORED  PEACE. 

During  the  twenty  years  which  have  elapsed  since  the  clo.se  of  the 
war  and  the  unsettled  state  of  affairs — national  and  municipal — which 
neces.sarily  supervened,  no  startling  events  have  occurred  whereby 
the  even  cour.se  of  Lynchburg's  development  has  been  disturbed. 
Indeed  her  subsequent  history  may  be  written  in  a  very  few  compre- 
hensive words — Peace  and  Plenty,  Prosperity  and  Progress.  In  all 
matters  affecting  her  commercial  interests  she  has  been  vigilant,  en- 
terprising and  aggressive,  until  her  wealth,  in  proportion  to  her  popu- 
lation, is  exceeded  by  that  of  only  one  other  city  in  the  United 
States.  Valuable  and  permanent  public  improvements  have  been 
the  mile-stones  which  have  recorded  the  flight  of  the  passing  j'ears, 
while  private  enterprise  has  been  actively  and  successfully  employed 
in  e.stablishing  the  beautiful  *'  Hill  City  "  as  one  of  the  leading  Busi- 
ness Centres  of  the  South.  Her  great  natural  advantages  have  been 
enhanced  and  utilized  in  various  ways,  but  there  is  still  room  for  the 
profitable  investment  of  much  capital  in  any  of  the  numerous  manu- 
facturing and  mercantile  pursuits  for  which  this  locality  is  so  emi- 
nently adapted.  That  the  community  is  fully  alive  to  the  value  of 
its  own  possessions  in  this  respect  is  evidenced  by  the  fact  that  .sev- 
eral new  and  important  industries  have  been  inaugurated  here,  within 
the  past  few  years,  by  resident  capitalists,  .and  others,  of  greater 
magnitude,  may  be  looked  for  almost  immediately. 


nition  ?  He  had  fought  only  the  battle  of  Piedmont,  with  a  pnrt  of  his  force,  and  it  was 
not  a  very  severe  one,  as  .Jones'  force  was  a  small  one  and  composed  mostly  of  cavalry. 
CrooU's  column  not  being  there  was  not  engajjed.  Had  Sheridan  defeated  Hampton  at 
Trevillian's,  he  would  have  reached  Lynchburg  after  destroying  the  railroad  on  the  way. 
and  1  could  not  have  reached  there  in  time  to  do  any  good.  Hut  IIaiiii)tnn  defeatid  shcr- 
i(hui,  and  the  latter  saw  "infantry"  "too  strong  to  successfully  assault.  "  Had  Hunter 
moved  on  Lynchburg,  with  energy,  that  place  would  have  fallen  l)efore  it  was  possible 
for  me  to  get  there.  l:5ut  he  tarried  on  the  way  for  purposes  which  will  hereafter  appear, 
and  when  he  reached  there,  his  heart  failed  liim  and  he  was  afraid  to  figlit  an  inferior 
force,  and  then  there  was  discovered  "  a  want  of  ammunition  to  give  battle." 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


125 


£6 


99 


JOHN  W,  CARROLL, 

MANUFACTURER  OF 

AND  OTHER  BRANDS  OP 

Smoking  Tobacco. 


No  other  brand  of  smoking  tobacco  is  so  celebrated,  or  has  so 
extended  a  sale  as  "  Lone  Jack."  In  the  United  States  its  use  is  co- 
extensive with  the  country.  Through  wholesale  agents  located  in 
the  principal  cities  of  fourteen  different  States,  it  is  distributed  to  the 
trade  and  placed  within  the  reach  of  consumers.  It  is  exported  to 
Europe,  Asia,  Africa  and  South  America,  and  it  is  said  that  a  package 
of  "  Lone  Jack  "  can  be  bought  in  any  town  of  importance  in  every 
part   of  the   world.     The   founder  and    manufacturer  of  this  superior 

smoking  tobacco,  is  John  W.  Carroll,  one 
of  Lynchburg's  most  respected  and  public 
spirited  citizens.  He  started  life  on  the 
lowest  rung  of  the  ladder,  and  it  was  only 
by  dint  of  constant  and  unceasing  plodding 
and  perseverance,  backed  by  skill  and  prin- 
ciple, that  he  reached  the  top,  where  he 
now  stands  at  the  head  of  an  immense  busi- 
ness. Mr.  Carroll  was  born  in  Staunton, 
Augusta  County,  Virginia,  in  1832.  Very 
early  in  life  he  suffered  the  loss  of  both 
parents  and  was  obliged  to  make  his  own  way  in  the  world. 

At  the  age  of  14  he  came  to  Lynchburg  and  entered  as  an  ap- 
prentice in  the  shop  of  a  cabinet  maker  ;  after  a  few  years  he  aban- 
doned this  work  and  engaged  in  business  with  William  Crumpton,  a 
successful  tobacconist  of  that  day,  whose  daughter  he  afterwards 
married.  For  many  years  he  labored  faithfully  and  acquired  a 
thorough  knowledge  of  the  tobacco  business  and  laid  the  foundation 
for  his  subsequent  remarkable  success. 

The  name  "  Lone  Jack  "  is  a  very  peculiar  one,  and  the  way  in 
which  it  came  to  be  adopted  reveals  a  strange  and  romantic  incident 
which  happened  to  Mr.  Carroll,  and  which  we  here  relate.  About 
two  years  after  Mr.  Carroll  had  first  established  himself  in  the  to- 
bacco business  (about  the  year  1850)  when  his  fortunes  were  at  a 
rather  low  ebb,  and  success   in  his  chosen   occupation  seemed  to  him 


126 


SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA. 


»*\UK  -ft^VV 


extremely  doubtful,  it  chanced  that,  on  a  certain  evening  he  sat  down 
with  a  friend  to  play  a  game  of  "  seven  up."  Each  staked  a  dollar 
on  every  game,  and  through  a  long  series  of  games  Carroll  was  a 
constant  loser  ;  fortune  seemed  to  have  entirely  deserted  him.  It 
was  at  a  late  hour,  and  with  a  feeling  of  extreme  chagrin  and  disap- 
pointment, that  he  pulled  out  his  last  dollar  and  put  it  on  the  table. 
The  critical  moment  arrived  when  his  ad- 
versary stood  six  to  his  three  and  had  the 
deal.  Diamonds  were  trumps — and  Car- 
roll held  one — a  lone  Jack  :  he  looked  at 
it  almost  with  desperation.  What  chance 
had  he  to  win  the  game  ?  If  his  opponent 
held  a  single  trump  he  was  beaten.  He 
hesitated,  he  quivered,  but  finally  he  gal- 
tantly  stood  his  hand.  As  fortune  would 
have  it,  the  venture  was  successful  ;  on  that  "  Lone  Jack  "  he  scored 
high,  low,  Jack  and  the  game,  and  won  the  stakes. 

This  lucky  event  mide  such  an  impression  on  his  mind  that  he 
determined  there  and  then  to  christen  his  leading  brand  of  tobacco 
by  the  name,  "  Lone  Jack."  From  such  an  accidental  circumstance 
as  the  "  turn  of  a  card,"  did  this  notable  brand  of  tobacco  originate, 
which  has  since  become  known  and  celebrated  in  every  clime,  and 
brought  both  fame  and  fortune  to  its  owner.  When  the  civil  war 
broke  out  Mr.  Carroll  promptly  offered  his  services  to  his  State,  and 
during  the  long  struggle  and  until  its  close,  faithfully  performed  his 
duty  as  a  soldier. 

Aft^r  peace  was  established  he  turned  again  to  his  business  with 
redoubled  energy,  and  it  is  since  the  war  that  his  greatest  triumphs 
have  been  gained.     The  quality  and  grade  of  smoking  tobacco  known 

as  "  Lone  Jack  "  have  always  been  the 
highest.  The  name  is  a  synonyme  of 
purity  and  excellence.  The  brand  has 
never  deteriorated,  and  as  long  as  Mr.  Car- 
roll lives,  it  never  will.  "  Lone  Jack  "  is 
a  tobacco  entirely  free  from  any  mixture, 
adulteration,  or  flavoring  whatever — the 
pure  granulated  leaf  of  the  best  and  .sweet- 
est tobacco  grown,  free  from  stems,  and 
uniform  throughout  in  color,  fineness,  strength  and  flavor — affording 
to  all  true  lovers  of  the  weed  a  delicious,  satisfying  and  enjoyable 
smoke.  His  buyers  are  stationed  in  all  markets  where  the  kind  of 
leaf  he  requires  is  sold;  when  a  really  choice  lot  comes  in,  it  is 
quickly  snapped  up  and  sent  to  the  "  Lone  Jack  "  Factory.  All  the 
leaf  used  in  the  manufacture  of  "  Lone  Jack  "  is  kept  in  stock  two 
years  before  it  is  manufactured  for  consumption,  a  supply  approxi- 
mating a  quarter  of  a  million  pounds  being  constantly  on  hand.      It 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


127 


is  most  carefully  sorted,  cured  and  manipulated,  every  process  being 
subjected  to  the  experienced  and  rigid  inspection  of  the   proprietor. 

To  maintain  the  high  standard  of  excellence  which  his  leading 
brand  has  always  enjoyed,  is  Mr.  Carroll's  pride  and  joy.  Although 
his  financial  success  is  almost  unparalleled,  he  still  sticks  to  his  busi- 
ness with  close  application,  and  by  reason  of  his  unaffected  manners 
and  genial  humor  is  exceedingly  popular  with  everybody. 

The  old  frame  building  first  used  by  Mr.  Carroll  as  a  factory — "  The 
Birthplace  of  Lone  Jack" — as  it  is  known,  is  still  preserved  by  its 
owner  as  a  memento  of  his  less  prosperous  days,  and  in  another  part 
of  this  work  a  picture  of  it  will  be  found.      (See  page  67.) 


The  present  handsome  and  spacious  factory  is  a  large  brick  struc- 
ture, located  at  509  Grace  Street,  wherein  all  the  operations  of  his 
extensive  manufacturing  business  are  carried  on.  The  other  kinds 
and  qualities  of  smoking  tobacco  put  up  and  sold  by  Mr.  Carroll  are 
"Brown  Dick,"  "Game  Cock"  and  "Grand  Mogul."  Although 
these  brands  are  of  a  lower  grade  and  sell  at  a  much  less  price  than 
"  Lone  Jack,"  still  their  reputation  is  well  established,  and  their  real 
merit  is  well  understood. 

An  exceptional  and  super-excellent  brand  of  smoking  tobacco, 
known  as  "  Fah-Kee,"  is  put  up  by  Mr.  Carroll  to  supply  a  limited 
demand.  As  it  sells  for  more  than  double  the  price  of  "  Lone  Jack," 
comparatively  few  people  know  anything  about  it.      This  quality  was 


]2J 


SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 


first  ordered  several  years  ago  by  a  gentleman  who  supplied  the  for- 
eign residents  on  the  China  Coast,  and  the 
brand  was  exclusively  sold  in  that  trade, 
but  of  late  years,  owing  to  the  death  of  the 
gentleman  who  originated  the  brand,  the 
restriction  governing  its  sale  has  been  with- 
drawn, and  it  is  now  sold  to  some  extent  in 
all  parts  of  the  country — mostly  to  people 
of  wealth  and  connoisseurs  of  the  weed. 

Mr.  Carroll's  brands  are  all  protected  by 
patent,  and  he  feels  justified  in  warranting 
that  tobaccos  of  his  manufacture  will  remain  sound,  pure  and  aro- 
matic in  all  latitudes  and  climates. 

Mr.  Carroll  has  occupied  many  posi- 
tions of  honor  and  trust  in  the  community 
where  he  resides.  He  is  now  and  for 
twenty-six  years  has  been  a  member  of  the 
City  Council  (the  last  sixteen  years  its 
President)  and  for  several  years  filled  the- 
office  of  President  of  the  Lynchburg  Na- 
tional Bank. 

He  is  a  gentleman  of  strict  integrity  and  marked  business  ability  ; 
an  energetic,  unostentatious  and  painstaking  man  in  both  public  and 
private  affairs,  who  possesses  the  confidence  and  esteem  of  all  classes 
of  people. 

SAMUEL  A,  BOYDi 
Confectionery  I  Ice  Cream  Saloon, 

*^ SODA  WATER, ^^ 


CANDIES,  FRUITS,  NUTS,  TOYS,  &c., 

No.  827  Main  Street,  Opposite  Lynch  House, 


^^"sTvT'ed.d.iang-     iE'arties    in    Oit3r     a,rLd.    Cc-a.rLtr37-    a, 
Specia,lt37 . 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE.  I2g 


COMMERCIAL  AND  GENERAL. 


THE     CHAMBER     OF     COMMERCE     OF     THE     CITY    OF 

LYNCHBURG. 

The   organization   of  this   important   and    influential  body  resulted 

from  a  long   felt  necessity  for  "  that  concert  of  action   and   unity  of 

purpose  amongst  the  business  men  of  the  City  "  which  was  regarded 

as   "essential    to   the   full   development  of  its   material    welfare  and 

commercial  prosperity."     A  meeting  was   called  at  the  Lynch  House 

on  November  2nd,  1882,  at  which  the  general  advantages  of  such  an 

organization  were  unanimously  conceded,  and  a  committee  appointed 

to   report   a    Constitution    and    Rules  of  Order   for   the   Association. 

Accordingly,  at  an  adjourned  meeting,  held  on  the  2nd  of  December 

following,  the  Chamber  of  Commerce  of  the  City  of  Lynchburg  was 

formally   organized,  its   general  objects   being  proclaimed  as  follows  : 

"The  promotion  of  every  scheme  for  the  advancement  of 

the  commercial,  manufacturing  and  monetary  interests  of  this 

community,  and  the  abatement  of  every  grievance  injuriously 

affecting  such  interests. 

"  The  establishment  and  application  of  uniform  and  equita- 
ble rules  and  usages  of  trade. 

"  The  collection  and  preservation  of  statistical  information 
concerning  the  commerce,  capital,  production  and  growth  of 
this  city. 

"The  speedy  and  economical  settlement  of  differences 
amongst  its  members,  without  resort  to  litigation. 

"And  the  discussion  of  all  questions  affecting  the  interest 
of  the  capital,  trade  or  manufactures  of  the  city,  and  the  pe- 
cuniary welfare  of  its  citizens." 
Since  the  date  of  its  formation,  the   Chamber  has  been  in  active 
and   useful   operation,  and   has  been   the  means  of  achieving  much 
good  to   the  industrial  and   mercantile   interests  of  the  City.     The 
membership  of  the  Chamber  is  numerous,  and  comprises  the  leading 
business  men  and  firms  among  the  Manufacturers,  Bankers,  Brokers, 
Merchants   and  Wholesale    Dealers   of  Lynchburg.      The  first   Presi- 
dent of  the  Chamber  was  Mr.  George  M.  Jones  ;  the  next  was  Capt. 


I30  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Charles  M.  Blackford,  who  was  succeeded  by  the  present  presiding 
officer. 

The  following  gentlemen  now  compose  the  governing  body  of  the 
Chamber,  and  their  names  cannot  fail  to  inspire  the  utmost  confidence 
among  those  who  maintain  commercial  relations  with  the  City  :  Pres- 
ident, Jacob  H.  Franklin  ;  First  Vice-President,  William  H.  Wren  ; 
Second  Vice- Pre sideiit,  William  Kinnier ;  Secretary,  Carter  Glass ; 
Treasiwer,  P.  A.  Krise  ;  Executive  Covwiittee,  C.  H.  Almond,  C.  M. 
Blackford,  J.  P.  Bell,  F.  C.  Brown,  Joseph  Cohn,  J.  R.  Gilliam,  Max 
Guggenheimer,  Jr.,  Wm.  A.  Heffernan,  Wm.  Hurt,  James  W.  Watts, 
Wm.  A.  Miller,  Wm.  A.  Strother,  C.  W.  Scott,  George  P.  Watkins, 
J.  Gordon   Payne. 

The  annual  meeting  of  the  Chamber  is  held  on  the  Second  Tues- 
day in  January.  Quarterly  meetings  are  also  held  on  the  Second 
Tuesdays  in  April,  July  and  October,  in  each  year,  and  regular  meet- 
ings of  the  Executive  Committee  are  held  on  the  first  Saturday  of 
every  month.  Special  meetings  may  be  called  at  any  time  by  the 
President,  or  acting  President,  or  by  any  three  members  of  the  Exec- 
utive Committee,  due  notice  having  been  given  to  all  the  members. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  TOBACCO  ASSOCIATION. 
Until  within  the  past  few  years,  during  which  industrial  interests  of 
various  kinds  have  been  successfully  undertaken  in  Lynchburg  and 
its  immediate  vicinity,  the  commercial  life  of  the  City  may  be  said  to 
have  been  almost  wholly  dependent  upon  the  Tobacco  trade,  in  its 
numerous  and  always  multiplying  branches.  Indeed  this  particular 
industry  still  holds  by  far  the  most  important  and  conspicuous  place 
among  the  varied  pursuits  which  give  employment  to  the  capital, 
brains  and  muscle  of  the  "  Tobacco  City's  "  inhabitants,  and  it  is 
therefore  very  necessary  that  it  should  be  fostered  and  encouraged 
with  the  utmost  solicitude,  and  carefully  fortified  against  all  adverse 
possibilities  from  within  or  without.  With  these  objects  in  view,  and 
for  the  purpose  of  regulating  the  warehouse  sales  and  exercising  such 
supervisory  authority  over  all  transactions  in  Tobacco  as  would  secure 
perfectly  fair  play  between  buyer  and  seller,  broker  and  commission 
merchant,  planter  and  manufacturer,  this  useful  Association  was  or- 
ganized in  1867.  It  is  well-nigh  impossible  now  to  over-estimate  the 
advantages  which  have  accrued  to  the  commercial  interests  of  Lynch- 
burg through  the  labors  of  this  influential  organization,  whose  list  of 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


I^.I 


membership  bears  the  names  of  every  tobacco  manufacturer,  ware- 
houseman, broker  and  dealer  in  the  City.  Thfe  following  gentlemen 
are  the  present  Officers  and  Committeemen  :  President,  John  T.  Ed- 
wards ;  Vice-President,  R.  H.  T.  Adams ;  Seeretary  and  Treasurer, 
James  Franklin,  Jr.;  Supervisor  of  Weights,  S.  W.  Younger;  Executive 
Committee,  N.  R.  Bowman,  (Chairman),  R.  L.  Miller,  C.  L.  Wright. 
S.  W,  Younger,  James  M.  Booker,  Jr.,  E.  M.  Heard,  Wm.  King,  Jr., 
E.  A.  Allen,  David  Walker ;  Arbitration  Committee,  T.  E.  Murrell, 
(Chairman),  J.  H.  Smith,  H.  H.  Withers,  John  H.  Flood,  W.  J. 
Collins. 

The  annual  meeting  of  the  Association  is  held  on  the  first  Monday 


RESIDENCE  OP  MR.  JOHN  D.  HOLT. 

(corner   of    WASHINGTON    AND     HARRISON    STREETS.) 

in  October,  and  the  regular  monthly  meetings  on  the  first  Monday  of 
each  month.  Special  meetings  are  called  from  time  to  time  by  the 
presiding  officer  or  members  of  the  Executive  Committee  as  matters 
of  urgency  arise. 

The  Lynchburg  Tobacco  Association  is  perhaps  the  best  organized 
and  most  systematic  commercial  body  in  Virginia,  if  not  in  the  whole 
South  ;  and  it  is  but  just  to  state  that  this  state  of  efficiency  has  been 
attained,  to  a  great  extent,  through  the  untiring  energy  and  inces.sant 
vigilance  of  its  President,  Mr.  John  T.  Edwards,  who  was  elected  to 
this  position  in  October,  1885,  and  re-elected  in  1886,  after  having 
previously  served  the  Association  as   Vice-President.      His  member- 


132  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

ship  dates  back  to  1873,  since  which  time  he  has  attended  every 
meeting  of  the  Association,  except  two  ;  and  on  one  of  these  occa- 
sions he  was  absent  from  the  City.  It  is  easy  to  beHeve  that,  with 
such  an  excellent  example  from  the  Chair,  punctuality  and  other 
business-like  properties  are  regarded  as  cardinal  virtues  by  the  mem- 
bers generally. 

TRANSPORTATION. 

Lynchburg  lies  at  the  intersection  of  three  railroads  which  branch 
out  in  six  different  directions,  namely  :  the  Virginia  Midland,  north- 
ward to  Washington  and  southward  to  North  Carolina  ;  the  Norfolk 
&  Western,  southeastward  to  Norfolk  and  soutwestward  to  Tennessee, 
Georgia,  &c.;  and  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany,  northeastward  to 
Richmond  and  westward  to  the  great  coal  fields  of  West  Virginia. 

THE  VIRGINIA  MIDLAND  RAILWAY. 

This  line  extends  from  the  City  of  Wa.shington,  D.  C,  to  Danville, 
on  the  border  of  North  Carolina,  passing  through  the  productive 
Piedmont  section  of  the  State  and  entering  the  heart  of  the  tobacco- 
growing  region.  It  has  branches  from  Manassas  to  Strasburg,  in  the 
Valley  of  Virginia,  where  it  unites  with  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio  sys- 
tem ;  to  Warrenton,  in  Fauquier  County,  to  tap  the  rich  grazing  farms 
of  that  beautiful  district  ;  and  to  Rocky  Mount,  in  Franklin  County, 
to  secure  the  tobacco  and  other  valuable  trade  of  the  counties  lying 
under  the  Blue  Ridge  in  South  Virginia. 

At  Washington  and  Alexandria  the  road  makes  close  passenger 
and  freight  connection  with  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio  and  the  Pennsyl- 
vania Central  systems  ;  at  Orange  with  a  narrow  gauge  road  to  Fred- 
ericksburg. At  Charlottesville  it  crosses  and  connects  with  the 
Chesapeake  &  Ohio  Railroad,  leading  eastward  to  Richmond  and  deep 
water  at  Newport  News,  and  westward  to  the  coal  and  iron  fields  of 
West  Virginia  and  to  the  Ohio  River.  At  Lynchburg  it  intersects 
the  Norfolk  &  Western  and  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany  Railroads. 
At  Danville  it  unites  with  the  Richmond  &  Danville  Road,  and,  un- 
der the  same  general  management,  consolidates  with  v/hat  is  known 
as  the  "Richmond  &  Danville  System,"  which  owns  and  controls 
nearly  three  thousand  miles  of  railway,  extending  like  a  net-work 
through  the  Cotton  States  of  the  South. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  1 33 

THE  NORFOLK  &  WESTERN  RAILROAD. 

With  its  eastern  terminus  at  the  magnificent  port  of  Norfolk  and 
Portsmouth,  this  road  extends  to  Bristol,  on  the  boundary  line  be- 
tween Virginia  and  Tennessee,  a  distance  of  four  hundred  and  eight 
miles,  Lynchburg  being  exactly  midway  between  these  terminal 
points.  Branches  extend  to  City  Point,  at  the  confluence  of  the  Appo- 
mattox and  James  Rivers  ;  to  the  coal  fields  and  iron  mines  of  Poca- 
hontas, in  Tazewell  County  ;  to  the  great  salt  and  plaster  deposits  at 
Saltville  ;  and  to  the  enormous  coal  and  iron  beds  on  Cripple  Creek, 
in  Wythe  County. 

This  road  connects  at  Petersburg  with  the  lines  running  northward 
through  Richmond  and  southward  through  Weldon,  North  Carolina  ; 
at  Burkeville,  with  the  Richmond  &  Danville  system  ;  at  Lynchburg, 
with  the  Virginia  Midland  and  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany  Roads  ; 
at  Roanoke,  with  the  Shenandoah  Valley  Railroad,  forming  another 
route  southward  ;  at  Salem,  with  a  branch  of  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio  ; 
and  at  Bristol,  with  the  East  Tennessee,  Virginia  &  Georgia  Road 
and  the  great  system  which,  through  the  medium  of  the  Memphis 
and  Charleston  route,  branches  over  the  cotton  region. 

THE  RICHMOND  &  ALLEGHANY  RAILROAD. 

This  runs,  as  a  completed  road,  along  the  bank  of  the  James  River 
from  Richmond  to  Williamson's,  a  point  on  the  Chesapeake  &  Ohio 
Railroad  in  Alleghany  County,  with  a  branch  up  the  North  River  to 
Lexington,  Virginia.  It  enters  the  heart  of  Richmond,  and  has  ac- 
cess  to  the  harbor  and  to  all  the  other  Railroads  centring  in  that  im- 
portant city.  It  passes  up  the  James  River,  through  its  fertile  bot- 
tom lands,  with  switches  to  take  granite  at  the  quarries  of  Henrico 
and  Fluvanna  Counties,  slate  in  Buckingham  and  Amherst,  iron  from 
several  furnaces  and  ore  from  many  mines. 

At  Lynchburg  it  unites  with  the  Norfolk  &  Western  and  the  Vir- 
ginia Midland  Railways.  At  Buchanan,  it  connects  with  the  Shenan- 
doah Valley  Road  ;  at  Lexington,  with  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio  system, 
forming  another  route  to  the  North  and  West ;  and  at  Williamson's 
it  connects  with  the  Chesapeake  &  Ohio,  and  thus  reaches  the  Ohio 
River  and  the  coal  and  iron  of  West  Virginia. 

It  will  thus  be  seen  that  LYNCHBURG  is,  perhaps,  the  best  dis- 
tributing point  in  the  whole  South.      Not  only  has  it  six  distinct  lines 


134  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LVN'CHBURG,    VA.  ; 

of  rail\va\',  radiating,  as  above  shown,  to  all  quarters,  but  there  are 
competing  routes  in  every  direction. 

Northward  there  are  four:  (i)  By  the  Virginia  Midland,  all  rail, 
through  Washington  and  Baltimore.  (2)  By  the  Norfolk  &  Western, 
and  steamers  from  Norfolk  to  W^ashington,  Baltimore,  Philadelphia, 
New  York,  Providence  and  Boston.  (3)  By  the  Richmond  &  Alle- 
ghany to  Richmond  and  by  steamers  to  northern  ports.  (4)  By  the 
Richmond  &  Alleghany  and  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio,  via  Lexington. 

Eastward  there  are  three  :  (i)  To  Norfolk  by  the  Norfolk  &  West- 
ern, and  to  Richmond  by  the  same  route,  connecting  at  Burkeville 
with  the  Richmond  &  Danville  Road.  (2)  To  Richmond  by  the 
Richmond  &  Alleghany  direct.  (3)  To  Richmond  by  the  Virginia 
Midland  and  the  Chesapeake  &  Ohio  at  Charlottesville. 

Southward  there  are  two:  (i)  By  the  Virginia  Midland  and  the 
Richmond  .&  Danville  system.  (2)  By  the  Norfolk  &  Western,  the 
East  Tennessee,  Virginia  &  Georgia  and  the  Memphis  &  Charleston 
lines. 

Westward  there  are  three:  (i)  By  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany 
and  the  Chesapeake  &  Ohio,  and  by  the  Richmond  &  Alleghany  and 
the  Baltimore  &  Ohio  at  Lexington.  (2)  By  the  Norfolk  &  West- 
ern. (3)  By  the  Virginia  Midland  and  the  Chesapeake  &  Ohio,  and 
by  the  Virginia  Midland  and  the  Baltimore  &  Ohio,  at  Strasburg. 

These  various  lines  are  all  strong  and  vigorous,  and  are  all  very  ac- 
tively competing  for  freight  and  passengers,  thus  securing  Lynchburg, 
to  a  large  extent,  from  the  disastrous  effects  of  transportation  mo- 
nopolies. 

Other  railroads  are  projected  and  chartered,  which  will,  when  com- 
pleted, add  considerably  to  the  bulk  of  trade  seeking  this  market. 
Chief  among  these  is  the 

LYNCHBURG,  HALIFAX  &  NORTH  CAROLINA  RAILROAD, 
to  the  capital  stock  of  which  the  City  last  year  voted  an  appropria- 
tion of  $250,000,  and  which  may  be  regarded  as  a  strictly  local  en- 
terprise. The  principal  offices  and  the  terminus  of  the  Road  will  be 
in  this  City,  and  there  is  every  reason  to  believe  that  the  work  of 
building  the  line  will  be  commenced  at  once  and  prosecuted  vigor- 
ously until  completed  to  Durham,  N.  C.  where  it  will  connect  with 
the  Durham  &  Roxborough  Railroad,  thus  bringing  within  our  reach 
the   fertile  bottom   lands  of  the    Roanoke  River,  as  well  as  the  fine 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


US 


THE  FIRST  BAPTIST  CHURCH. 

(corner  of  court  and  eleventh  streets. 


136  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

tobacco  plantations  of  Halifax  County.  The  recently  elected  officers 
of  the  Road  are :  President,  Peter  J.  Otey  ;  Vice-President,  Wood 
Bouldin,  Jr.;  ^rr/r/rt/j,  Alexander  McDonald;  Directors,  ^lo'ihy  H. 
Payne,  Jacob  H.  Franklin,  J.  R.  Clark,  Adani  W.  Nowlin,  J.  R. 
Lawson,  John  W.  Clay,  Robert  W.  Withers,  H.  A.  Edmondson, 
Joseph  Stebbins  and  Robert  W.  Watkins. 

New  lines  of  railway,  and  extensions  of  existing  ones,  are  multi- 
plying on  all  sides  with  astonishing  rapidity,  and  especially  is  this  the 
case  with  the  roads  which  intersect  at  this  point,  and  their  immediate 
connections.  The  vast  mineral  wealth  lying  to  the  westward  of  us, 
and  which  has  of  late  years  attracted  so  much  attention,  is,  of  course, 
responsible,  to  a  great  extent,  for  this  activity  in  railroad  construc- 
tion, which  will  probably  continue  until  all  the  rich  deposits  of  the 
neighboring  sections  have  been  brought  within  reach  of  their  legiti- 
mate markets. 

TOBACCO. 

Situated  centrally  with  relation  to  the  great  tobacco-growing  region 
of  Virginia,  and  enjoying  exceptionally  favorable  transportation  facili- 
ties, which  bring  all  the  great  markets  and  seaports  of  the  United 
States  within  easy  and  direct  access,  Lynchburg  has  always  taken  the 
lead  not  only  as  a  mart  and  distributing  point  for  the  raw  material, 
but  also  as  a  producer  of  the  manufactured  article,  of  all  kinds  and 
qualities,  and  has  well  earned  the  sobriquet  by  which  she  is  widely 
known — "  The  Tobacco  City."  Ever  since  her  foundation,  the  Town 
has  been  the  depot  for  the  tobacco  grown  within  the  district  naturally 
tributary  to  her — from  the  days  when  the  hogsheads  were  rolled  along 
the  public  highways  to  market,  down  to  the  time  when  the  introduc- 
tion of  railroads  offered  the  planters  a  less  expensive  and  far  more 
expeditious  method  of  transmitting  their  produce — and,  as  the  "  Dev- 
il's Weed,"  so  named  by  the  royal  lunatic  **  Guid  King  Jamie,"  has 
always  been  the  principal  and  most  valuable  crop  cultivated  in  the 
surrounding  counties,  it  has  naturally  exercised  a  ruling  influence 
upon  the  commercial  history  of  Lynchburg. 

The  average  crop  grown  annually  in  this  tributary  section  is  about 
75,000,000  pounds,  and  of  this  enormous  aggregate  at  least  two-thirds 
is  handled  by  the  warehousemen,  dealers  and  manufacturers  of  this 
market.      The  handling  of  this  immense  quantity  of  leaf,  and  its  man- 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  I37 

ufacture  into  plug,  twist  and  smoking  tobacco,  under  almost  innu- 
merable brands,  gives  occupation,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  the 
greater  portion  of  Lynchburg's  inhabitants.  As  the  population  in- 
creases and  industries  become  more  diversified,  the  influence  of  the 
Tobacco  trade  upon  the  aggregate  business  of  the  City  will  naturally 
diminish  in  proportion,  but  it  is  clear  that  for  many  years  to  come  it 
will  continue  to  hold  the  leading  place  among  local  industries,  and 
that  all  others  will  remain  to  some  extent  dependent  for  their  success 
upon  its  prosperity. 

A  great  portion  of  the  tobacco  brought  to  this  market  still  comes 
by  wagons,  direct  from  the  neighboring  plantations,  but  that  grown 
in  more  remote  districts  also  comes  in  considerable  quantities  over 
the  lines  of  the  .several  railroads  centring  here,  and  this  latter  class  is 
increasing  very  rapidly.  One  reason  for  this  increase  is,  that  in  many 
of  the  smaller  towns  and  villages  along  the  railroads  that  penetrate 
the  tobacco-producing  counties,  warehouses  and  re-prizing  "facto- 
ries "  have  been  established,  and  much  of  the  crop  so  collected  is 
forwarded  in  hogsheads  to  Lynchburg — which  holds  a  sort  of  metro- 
politan relationship  to  the  whole  section — to  be  re-sold. 

Six  commodious  warehouses  supply  the  necessary  accommodation 
for  this  large  trade — one  of  which  has  been  recently  erected,  in  order 
to  keep  pace  with  the  ever-growing  bulk  of  arrivals.  At  all  of  these 
warehouses  the  leaf  is  sold  "  loose."  In  other  markets  it  is  sold  in 
the  hogshead,  by  sample,  but  it  has  been  found  more  satisfactory 
here  to  offer  it  open  on  the  warehouse  floor,  so  that  buyers  may  in- 
spect every  leaf,  if  they  so  desire,  before  making  their  purchases,  and 
thus  avoid  all  risks  of  dispute  and  controversy.  A  "  Storage  Ware- 
house "  has  also  been  opened  lately,  principally  for  the  Western  hogs- 
head trade,  which  promises  to  become  a  great  success. 

The  following  table,  taken  from  the  official  records  of  the  Lynch- 
burg Tobacco  Association,  show  the  actual  sales  of  Leaf  Tobacco  on 
the  warehouse  floors  for  the  last  sixteen  years — each  year  ending  on 
October  ist — and  it  must  be  admitted  that  the  figures  bear  testimony 
to  a  most  gratifying  increase  : 

1S71.    17,425,539  lbs.  1876.    25,091,621  lbs. 

1872.  14,323,708     "  1877.    19,699,775      " 

1873.  20,214,748     "  i«78.    28,318.183     " 

1874.  18,206,321     "  1879.    21,143,217     " 

1875.  14,127,430     "  1880.    25,062,881     " 


138  SKETCH    BOOK    OF    LYNCHBURG,    VA.  ; 

1881.  20,090,822  lbs.  1884.    21.190,644  lbs. 

1882.  20,127,208    "  1885.  29,495,758    " 

1883.  24,620,811    "  1886.  37,462,979    " 

In  order  that  Lynchburg's  position  as  a  tobacco  market  may  be 
clearly  understood  by  the  reader,  the  following  extracts  from  the  an- 
nual report  presented  to  the  Lynchburg  Tobacco  Association  by 
its  President,  Mr.  John  T.  Edwards,  at  the  last  annual  meeting,  are 
given  : 

"  The  figures  I  shall  give  you  to-day  again  place  you  at  the  head 
of  the  loose  tobacco  markets  of  the  world,  and  there  is  no  reason 
why  you  may  not  very  soon  be  the  peer  of  any  market  in  the  State 
for'  the  sale  of  prized  tobacco.  One  of  Virginia's  most  gifted  sons 
said  :  '  I  know  of  no  way  of  judging  of  the  future  but  by  the  past  ;' 
and,  judging  by  the  past,  I  ask  you  to  contemplate  what  the  near  fu- 
ture' of  the  tobacco  trade  of  this  beautiful  and  progressive  City  is  to 
be.  I  do  not  propose  to  deal  in  imagination,  or  fancy  pictures,  but 
in  stern  reality,  and  figures  that  do  not  deceive. 

"  Look,  if  you  please,  at  the  following  comparative  statements  and 
figures,  and  tell  me  if  any  market  can  truly  show  such  increase  in 

trade  and  substantial,  growth. 

Pounds. 
"•  The  average  annual  sales  for  fifteen  years,  per  warehouses,  from 

1870  to  1884,  inclusive,  amounted  to 20,657.162 

Amount  of  tobacco  sold  in  1885  through  warehouses 29,495,758 

Increase  percentage  for  1885  over  average  sales  for  fifteen  years  pre- 
ceding, 47  per  cent. 

Total  sales  for  1885 38,306,939 

Increase  percentage,  90  per  cent. 

Sales  per  warehouses  for  1S86 37,462,979 

Sales  per  warehouses  for  1885 29,495,758 

Increase  percentage  in  1886  over  sales  of   1885.  27^  per  cent. 

Sales  not  reported  in  1886,  per  warehouses 8,708,799 

Like  sales  in  1885 6,444,100 

Increase  percentage  in  1886.  35  per  cent. 

Resales  in  1886,  not  included  in  above  sales. .    3,160,272 

Resales  in  1885  as  above 2.367,072 

Increase  percentage  in  1886,  less  than  5  per  cent. 

TOTAL  SALES  FOR  THE  YEAR  1886 49.332,050 

Total  sales  for  the  year  1885 38,306,939 

Increase  percentage  in  1886  over  1885,  29  per  cent. 

INCREASE  IN  1886  OVER    AVERAGE  SALES  FOR  FIFTEEN 
YEARS,  PROM  1870  TO  1884,  INCLUSIVE,  145  PER  CENT. 

Amount  of  tobacco  exported  in  I886 21,710,723 

Amount  of  tobacco  exported  in  1885 9,604,246 

INCREASE  PERCENTAGE  EXPORTED  IN  1886, 133  PER  CENT. 

"  The  remainder  of  the  purchases  for  1886,  amounting  to  27,621,- 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND  ITS    TRADE. 


139 


327  pounds,  have  been  manufactured  in  Lynchburg,  bought  on  do- 
mestic accounts  and  shipped  to  home  markets.  I  am  unable,  as  you 
are  aware,  from  our  system  of  selUng  tobacco,  to  ascertain  the  aver- 
age price  paid  for  tobacco  sold  here,  but  I  assert  it  without  fear  of 
successful  contradiction,  that  if  it  were  possible  to  divide  the  dark  and 
bright  classes,  the  average  on  the  former  would  far  exceed  that  of 
any  loose  market  of  the  State,  and  the  largest  proportion  of  the 
bright,  being  of  the  finest  quality  of  cutters  and  wrappers,  would  far 
exceed  any  average  on  the  bright  markets  of  North  Carolina  and 
this  State. 

"  In  my  last  address  I  called  your  attention  to  the  importance  of 


CONFEDERATE  SOLDIERS'  MONUMENT. 

(in    the   METHODIST     CEMETERY.) 

constructing  the  Lynchburg,  Halifax  and  Durham  Railroad.  You 
have  acted  wisely,  and  now  this  Railroad  is  about  to  be  constructed 
through  the  finest  tobacco  counties  of  Virginia  and  North  Carolina. 
With  the  completion  of  this  Railroad,  I  predict  an  increase  in  your 
trade  annually  of  5,000,000  to  10,000,000  pounds  tobacco,  to  say 
nothing  of  other  benefits  to  be  derived  from  it,  both  by  the  farmers 
along  the  line  and  the  citizens  of  Lynchburg.  South  Boston,  that  flour- 
ishing and  enterprising  town  of  Halifax,  is  soon  to  be  closely  allied 
with  you.  Geographically,  you  occupy  a  position  superior  to  any  in 
the  State,  as  a  distributing  market.  You  have  railroads  stretching 
out  in  every  direction,  and  connection  with  every  tobacco  market  of 


140  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

the  world.  Your  loose  tobacco  market  is  now  favorably  known  to 
every  nation  and  every  city  of  the  world.  Your  export  trade  is 
rapidly  increasing.  Your  export  buyers  are  strong  competitors  on 
all  classes  of  tobacco.  You  have  orders  for  all  the  finest  wrappers, 
finest  canary  cutters,  finest  smokers,  finest  dark  shipping,  for  which 
your  market  is  celebrated,  as  well  as  all  the  lower  classes. 

"  Nothwithstanding  the  large  increase  in  your  receipts  this  year 
through  the  warehouses,  it  will  be  seen  at  a  glance  that  the  demands 
of  the  trade  have  not  been  satisfied.  Let  the  producers  look  to  this 
and  send  their  tobacco  direct  to  the  market  that  shows  a  demand 
for  it." 

As  a  Leaf  Tobacco  market   Lynchburg,  therefore,  heads  the   list. 

As  a  Tobacco  manufacturing  point  she  stands  fifth.  In  addition  to 
the  railroads  now  centring  here,  the  Lynchburg,  Halifax  &  Durham 
road,  penetrating  some  of  the  richest  tobacco-growing  counties  in 
Virginia  and  North  Carolina,  will  shortly  be  opened,  thus  forming 
another  important  feeder  to  the  trade  of  the  City. 

With  all  these  advantages,  it  must  be  evident  that  Lynchburg's 
future,  as  a  great  central  depot  for  the  staple  product  of  this  region — 
to  .say  nothing  of  her  other  industries  and  general  commerce — is  fully 
assured. 

There  are  in  the  City  to-day  twenty-five  houses  engaged  in  the 
manufacture  of  Chewing  Tobacco — plug  and  twist — and  nine  in  the 
manufacture  of  Smoking  Tobacco — including  the  celebrated  and  in- 
comparable "Lone  Jack";  three  Cigarette  Factories  ;  Six  Tobacco 
Warehouses  ;  one  Tobacco  Storage  Warehouse  ;  thirty-three  Tobacco 
Leaf  Dealers,  who  buy  immense  quantities  of  tobacco,  as  agents  and 
on  orders,  for  domestic  and  foreign  markets  ;  nine  Tobacco  Commis- 
sion Merchants  ;  one  manufacturer  of  snuff;  one  of  Tobacco  Extract 
and  one  Fertilizer  Factory — the  only  one  in  the  world — the  base  of 
whose  excellent  product  is  Tobacco.  Incidentally  to  the  trade  there 
are  manufacturers  of  Tobacco  Boxes,  Hogsheads,  Specific  Machinery, 
&c.,  while  the  number  of  citizens,  of  all  clas.scs,  immediately  de- 
pendent on  this  branch  of  trade  for  their  livelihood,  would  aggregate 
several  thousands. 

STATISTICAL  REVIEW— 1868  to   1883. 

The  latest  "Annual  Report"  of  the  Lynchburg  Chamber  of 
Commerce,  which  contains  statistical  information  of  any  special  value. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  I4I 

was  issued  in  1884,  and  the  subjoined  extracts  are  selected  from  the 
address  of  its  then  President,  Capt.  Charles  M.  Blackford,  delivered 
on  the  8th  of  January  in  that  year  : 

"  When  the  war  closed,  Lynchburg,  like  all  other  Southern  cities, 
was  completely  prostrate.  Its  enormous  slave  property  was  value- 
less ;  all  its  banks  and  monetary  institutions  were  hopelessly  insolvent; 
its  currency  by  one  blow  reduced  to  worthless  paper  ;  personal  prop- 
erty was  all  gone,  and  real  estate  reduced  to  a  minimum  in  value  ; 
every  industr}'  destroyed  ;  labor  disorganized  ;  government  unstable, 
and  the  future  so  uncertain  that  men's  hearts  failed  them  for  fear. 
Yet  amidst  darkness  and  gloom,  with  patient  toil  and  frugal  life,  our 
people  went  to  work,  and  to  work  with  a  vim,  and  in  three  years  had 
accomplished  wonders,  and  had  gotten  themselves  into  line  and  the 
machinery  of  business  fairly  going. 

"Now,  giving  our  people  these  three  years  to  get  into  position, 
let  us  see  what  has  been  done  since. 

"Full  statistics  of  trade  and  progress  have  not  been  preserved. 
Still,  there  are  some  facts  undisputed,  by  a  comparison  of  which  you 
can  measure  the  result  of  your  labors. 

"  For  example  :  while  the  exact  figures  cannot  be  given,  it  is  con- 
siderably understating  them  to  say  that  from  1868  to  1883  the  popu- 
lation has  more  than  doubled. 

"  In  1868  the  total  real  and  personal  property  of  Lynchburg  as- 
sessed for  taxation,  amounted  to  ;^3,264, 705  ;  in  1883  to  1^9,797, 921, 
or  three  times  as  much,  and  this  does  not  include  the  capital  in  busi- 
ness, which  comes  under  the  head  of  license  tax. 

"  From  the  data  which  have  been  gathered  by  our  agent,  I  am  safe 
in  making  the  following,  as  an  approximate  estimate  of  the  values 
owned  in  Lynchburg  in  1883  : 

Amount  of  real  estate $^,,^06,641 

Personal  property,  as  taxed 3,891,271 

Engaged  in  trade,  as  capital  and  otherwise 2,897,962 

U.    S.    Bonds   and   other  personal   property,   not    listed, 

estimated 500,000 

Total  property  of  the  city ;^i 2,695, 874 

"  This  shows  that,  while  the  population  was  doubled  in  this  period, 
the  wealth  is  four  times  as  great. 

"This  estimate  of  population  and  property  is  made  with  due  re- 
gard to  the  extension  of  the  City  limits,  which  was  made  between 
the  two  dates  compared.  In  ascertaining  the  population  in  1868,  I 
take  the  figures  of  a  local  census  which  included  all  the  territory  sub- 
sequently incorporated  into  the  City,  and  the  values  are  taken  from 
the  values  assessed  for  taxation  under  the  railroad  tax,  which  ex- 
tended for  half  a  mile  around  the  former  limits,  and  included  all  the 
territory  taken  in  by  the  extension  of  the  limits. 


142  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

"Another  interestin^j  comparison  is  found  in  the  statements  of 
the  bankincr  institutions  of  the  City. 

"  The  true  banking  capital  of  a  place  is  not  the  mere  par  of  the 
aggregate  capital  stock  of  the  different  banks.  It  is  the  money 
which,  through  the  instrumentality  of  the  banks,  is  centralized  in  a 
place,  and  is  available  to  the  merchant  or  manufacturer  who  desires 
to  borrow.  This,  of  course,  includes  under  the  head  of  '  Banking- 
Capital,'  the  aggregate  capital,  surplus  and  deposits  of  all  the  banks  ; 
for  this  aggregate,  after  deducting  what  is  invested  in  real  estate, 
office  furniture  and  other  like  property,  and  what  cash  is  necessarily 
kept  on  hand,  is  what  the  banks  have  to  lend  out  and  thus  put  into 
the  channels  of  trade. 

"  In  the  beginning  of  1868,  the  aggregate  capital,  surplus  and  de- 
posits of  all  the  banks  of  Lynchburg  amounted  only  to  ;f^5  37,81 1.82, 
of  which,  so  high  was  the  rate  of  discount,  [then  twelve  per  centum] 
that  only  $276,^,^^.4.^  was  lent  out  and  represented  by  bills  receivable. 

"  In  1883,  the  aggregate  capital,  surplus  and  deposits,  amounts  to 
;S3,428,078.  17 — over  six  times  as  much — and  the  loans,  instead  of 
being  $276,359.45,  as  in  1868.  aggregate  an  average  of  two  and  one- 
half  millions — nearly  ten  times  as  much,  but  are  at  a  rate  of  discount 
of  only  six  per  centum. 

"  Nor  is  this  great  increase  the  only  remarkable  disclosure  made 
by  this  inspection  of  the  bank  statements.  The  bills  receivable  of 
the  banks  and  bankers  of  the  city  averaged  for  1883,  an  aggregate 
of  about  $2,500,000.  The  average  duration  of  the  negotiable  paper 
discounted  by  banks  is  ninety  days,  and  hence  the  whole  $2,500,000 
was  renewed,  some  of  it  in  the  same,  but  the  most  of  it  in  different 
hands,  four  times  during  the  year  ;  and  therefore  the  total  discounts 
of  the  banks  of  Lynchburg  for  the  year  1883  aggregated  ten  millions 
of  dollars,  and  I  speak  advisedly,  as  the  President  of  a  bank  in  full 
accord  with  the  other  banks,  and  by  their  authority,  when  I  announce 
that  out  of  this  large  sum  so  lent  out  in  this  community  during  the 
past  yQdir,  not  one  cent  was  lost  or  suspended.  The  same  thing,  I  be- 
lieve, can  not  be  said  by  any  other  place  of  the  same  size  and  doing 
the  same  amount  of  business  in  the  United  States. 

"  The  statistics  from  the  railroads  have  not  all  been  furnished  yet  ; 
but  enough  is  before  me  to  justify  a  statement  that  the  tonnage  to 
and  from  Lynchburg  during  the  past  year  was  about  nine  time  as 
much  as  it  was  ten  years  ago. 

*  *  *  *  *  :!:  ^:  :i: 

"  During  the  past  ten  years,  the  trade  and  manufacture  of  tobacco 
lias  increased,  but  not  in  proportion  with  the  advance  of  other  indus- 
tries, a  fact  which  is  significant,  and  for  which  many  reasons  are  given. 

"  In  1873,  18,206,321  pounds  of  leaf  tobacco  were  sold  in  Lynch- 
burg ;  in  1883,  24,620,811  pounds.  In  1873,4,503,337  pounds  of 
tobacco  were  manufactured  here;  in  1883,  6,061,568  pounds. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


•43 


"Why  this  trade  alone  has  lagged  in  the  race,  is  a  very  difficult 

question  to  answer. 

*  *  *  *  ^  *  *  * 

"  For  one  I  have  no  great  apprehension  that  the  tobacco  trade  of 
this  City  will  decline.  There  is  too  much  energy  and  capital  in  it  for 
that,  but  the  fact  is  the  place  has  outgrown  this  particular  traffic. 
Thirty  years  ago,  aye,  twenty  years  ago,  when  Lynchburg  won  and 
deserved  the  title  of  '  The  Tobacco   City,'  when  capital    and  industry 


EESIDENCES  ON  CHURCH  STREET. 

MR.    CHARLES   W.    BUTTON.  DR.    D.    A.    LANGHORNE. 

sought  no  other  channel,  when  a  citizen  was  a  tobacconist  or  nothing, 

and  when  a  stranger,  to  use  the   language  of  the  sable  poet,  was  only 

'  'Gwiiie  down  to  Lynchburg  town, 
To  carry  his  tobacco  down  dar,' 

this  place  was  dependent  on  that  trade  exclusively.  This  is  not  now 
the  case,  not  because  of  any  decline  in  the  tobacco  trade,  but  because 
other  enterprises  have  to  so  much  larger  extent  occupied  the  indus- 
tries of  our  people,  and  have  made  such  rapid  growth  that  tobacco, 
while  it  is  still  indisputably  king,  and  will  be  so  for  many  years  to 
come,  finds  a  rival  not  to  be  despised,  and  all  good  citizens  must  re- 
ioice  that  such  is  the  case. 


144  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

■'  Long  since  the  war  the  commercial  vigor  of  Lynchburg  was  con- 
fined to  the  retail  trade.  Now  the  retail  trade  has  greatly  increased 
in  bulk  and  in  profit,  and  in  addition,  house  after  house  is  being 
started,  devoted  exclusively  to  the  wholesale  business  in  distinct 
articles. 

"The  merchant  can  here  be  supplied  now  with  groceries,  dry 
goods,  hard-ware,  boots  and  shoes,  hats  and  caps,  drugs  and  medicines, 
all  from  different  houses,  and  at  prices  so  low  that  those  who  buy 
once  are  sure  to  come  again.  Nor  do  these  merchants  sit  quietly  in 
their  counting  rooms  and  wait  for  trade  to  come  to  them,  as  in  the 
Arcadian  days  of  John  Hollins,  John  G.  Meem  and  Henry  Davis. 

"  Every  train  that  leaves,  carries  a  commercial  traveller  on  his 
missionary  tour  in  behalf  of  his  employer  in  particular,  and  Lynch- 
burg in  general,  and  I  am  told  that  whenever  two  or  three  are  gath- 
ered together  within  a  radius  of  hundreds  of  miles,  there  will  be 
found  a  Lynchburg  drummer  in  the  midst,  plying  his  vocation  with 
such  zeal  that  the  more  fastidious. representatives  of  the  larger  cities 
retire  in  disgust  from  the  ground,  knowing  that  if  it  is  thus  in  the 
green  tree,  competition  will  be  a  farce  in  the  dry. 

"  If  one  will  start  from  the  abutment  of  the  beautiful  dam  which 
has  just  been  finished  across  the  river,  and  which  will  greatly  increase 
our  water  power,  and  pass  down  to  the  end  of  tliis  level  on  the  canal, 
the  evidence  of  recent  growth  and  development  is  very  apparent  " — 
(Here  are  enumerated  Flour  Mills,  Foundries  and  Machine  Shops, 
Gas  Works,  Lumber  Yards,  the  new  City  Pump  House,  Planing 
Mills,  Sash,  Blind  and  Door  Factories,  Furnaces,  Furniture  Factory, 
Sumac  Mill,  Bark  and  Dye  Works,  Barytes  Mill  and  "  the  long  line 
of  freight  trains,  bulked  from  three  roads,  and  with  cars  whose  labels 
trace  their  homes  South  as  far  as  Te.xas,  West  to  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains and  North  to  the  Grand  Trunk  ") — "  all  tell  of  new  enterprise, 
of  diverted  capital,  and  of  successful  endeavors,  and  tell  a  tale  to 
which  others  are  listening  with  anxious  ear. 

*  *  *  -i:  t-  ^  ^  ii: 

"  I  have  thus  grouped  some  of  these  new  enterprises  that  we  may 
.see  the  City  is  making  its  departure  into  other  channels  than  tobacco. 
But  much,  much  more  can  and  must  be  done.  How  much  room 
have  we  for  cotton  and  woolen  factories,  for  manufactories  of  agricul- 
tural implements,  of  carriages  and  wagons,  of  paper,  wooden  ware, 
spokes,  staves,  fertilizers,  leather,  boots  and  shoes,  hats  and  caps, 
drugs  and  medicines,  stoves  and  castings  of  like  nature,  furniture, 
pottery,  glass  and  all  the  infinite  variety  of  iron  ware  ;  indeed  all  the 
numberless  articles  which  man's  lu.xuries  or  necessities  demand. 

"  We  have  room  in  abundance,  and  there  is  still  vast  unused  water 
power  on  this  and  the  level  above  the  City,  or,  if  steam  is  preferred  as 
a  motive  power,  coal  is  now  reduced  to  a  figure  which  makes  it  avail- 
able, and  by  circling  the  town  with  a  railway,  switching  off  from  the 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


145 


Midland  track,  near  Karn  &  Hickson's  brick  yard,  and  running 
toward  the  Dirt  Bridge  or  Fair  Grounds,  and  possibly  connecting  with 
the  Norfolk  &  Western  road,  very  ample  accommodations  can  be 
provided  for  any  new  enterprise  at  very  moderate  cost. 

"  Situated  as  this  City  is,  in  the  midst  of  a  cheap  and  healthy 
country,  where  labor  and  money  are  cheap  ;  where  power,  either  by 
water  or  steam  can  be  economically  applied  ;  where  the  raw  material 
is  daily  passing  by  us  to  seek  distant  factories  ;  where  the  climate  is 
so  moderate  that  cyclones  and  tornadoes  are  unknown,  and  where 
the  zero  point  is  almost  unnoted  on  the  thermometer,  and  men  can 
do  out-door  work  eleven   and  a  half  out  of  the  twelve  months  of  the 


-v<U<^/?^^ 


PROPERTY   OF    THE  LYNCHBURG   AGRICULTURAL    AND    MECHANICAL 

SOCIETY. 
(the  main  building  and  grand  stands  from  the  race  track.) 

year,  and  where  six  railways  ray  out  in  six  different  directions,  and 
connect  with  the  whole  network  of  the  land,  North,  South,  East  and 
West — there  is  no  place  which  so  commends  itself  to  the  manufac- 
turer as  a  distributing  point  for  his  wares,  or  where  he  can  sit  so  close 
to  the  gateways  of  the  great  marts  and  enjoy  their  benefits  and  yet 
escape  their  burden  of  expense." 

THE  LYNCHBURG  AGRICULTURAL  AND  MECHANICAL 

SOCIETY 

was  organized  in  May,  1 869,  and  in  October  of  the  .same  year  held 
its  first  annual  Fair  in  the  beautiful  and  extensive  grounds  belonging 


146  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

to  the  Society,  near  the  southwestern  boundary  of  the  City.  Col. 
George  P.  Tayloe,  of  Roanoke,  was  chosen  as  the  first  President,  and 
the  late  Mr.  T.  C.  S.  Ferguson,  of  Lynchburg,  Chairman  of  the  Ex- 
ecutive Committee,  with  Mr.  Alexander  McDonald  Secretary  and 
Treasurer.  Under  the  able  management  of  these  excellent  officers, 
assisted  by  an  Executive  Committee  comprising  some  of  the  most 
substantial  citizens  of  Lynchburg  and  the  neighboring  counties,  the 
success  of  the  organization  was  assured  from  its  inception.  Under 
the  immediate  supervision  of  Mr.  Ferguson,  with  the  benefit  of  his 
experience  and  jndgment,  the  Society  expended  about  $20,000  dur- 
ing the  first  summer  and  autumn  of  its  existence,  in  beautifying  the 
grounds,  erecting  buildings — pavilions,  stalls.  &c. — and  in  laying  out 
and  grading  the  race  track. 

The  Society  has  had  some  reverses  and  many  difficulties  to  contend 
with,  on  account  of  unseasonable  weather,  floods,  financial  stringency 
and  other  causes,  but  it  has  always  managed  to  hold  its  own,  and 
more,  not  having  failed  once,  since  its  organization,  to  give  to  this 
community  and  section  of  country  the  benefit  of  its  Annual  Exhibi- 
tion ;  and  during  that  period  it  has  distributed  to  its  friends  and  pat- 
rons, in  the  way  of  premiums  and  current  expenses,  about  $150,000, 
besides  having  been  the  means  of  attracting  hundreds  of  thousands  of 
dollars  in  trade  to  the  City,  that  might  otherwise  have  gone  else- 
where. The  advantages  that  the  Society  has  conferred  upon  Lynch- 
burg are  beyond  any  computation. 

Col.  Tayloe  was  succeeded  as  President  by  Mr.  Joseph  Cloyd,  of 
I'ulaski,  and  he,  in  turn,  by  Mr.  George  W.  Palmer,  of  Smyth 
Countv.  Major  D.  P.  Graham,  of  Wythe,  was  the  next  President, 
succeeded  by  Mr.  Charles  M.  Blackford,  of  this  City.  At  the  annual 
meeting  held  on  May  2nd  of  this  year.  Senator  John  VV.  Daniel  was 
unanimously  elected  the  President  of  the  Society  for  the  current 
year,  Mr.  l^lackford  having  declined  re-election.  Mr.  Blackford 
was  also  the  .second  chairman  of  the  ICxecutive  Committee  ;  Mr.  B. 
IL  Nowlin.  third  ;  and  Mr.  John  W.  Carroll,  fourth.  Mr.  E.  J. 
j^'olkes  succeeded  Mr.  Carroll,  and  is.  and  has  been  for  five  years,  a 
most  efficient  incumbent  of  this  most  responsible  position.  It  is  due 
to  Mr.  Folkes  to  say  that  the  signal  success  of  the  Centennial  Celebra- 
tion, held  last  year  (1886)  was  owing  more  to  him  than  to  an}'  other 
individual,  because  of  his  indefatigable  personal  supervision  and  direc- 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS   TRADE. 


H7 


tion  of  the  preparations,  together  with  the  great  abihty  and  excellent 
judgment  he  exercised  in  consummating  the  desired  object. 

Many  eminent  statesmen  and  orators  have,  from  time  to  time,  hon- 
ored the  Society  with  their  presence,  and  addressed  the  gathered 
multitudes,  on  the  occasion  of  the  Annual  Exhibitions  at  the  Fair 
Grounds.  The  list  would  be  too  extended  if  all  were  enumerated, 
but  it  may  not  be  amiss  to  mention  Hon.  A.  G.  Thurman,  a  native 
Lynchburger,  Senator  Vance,  Hon.  B.  Johnson  Barbour,  Governor 
Gilbert   C.  Walker,   Hon.    Thomas  S.  Bocock,   Hon.  A.    R.  Boteler, 


PROPERTY  OP  THE  LYNCHBURG  AGRICULTURAL  AND  MECHANICAL 

SOCIETY. 
(view  of  the  fair  grounds  from  the  main  building.) 

Hon.  J.  L.  M,  Curry,  Judge  Fullerton,  of  New  York,  General  Fitz- 
hugh  Lee,  the  present  Governor  of  Virginia,  Rev.  Dr.  Fitzgerald, 
another  native  Lynchburger,  Capt.  James  Barron  Hope,  of  Norfolk, 
and  Lynchburg's  distinguished  son  and  fa\'orite  orator,  Senator  John 
W.  Daniel. 

At  the  annual  meeting  of  the  Life  Members  of  the  Agricultural 
Society  in  1884,  a  preamble  and  resolution  were  introduced  by  Mr. 
Alexander  McDonald,  and  unanimously  adopted,  setting  forth  the 
fact  that  the  year  1886  would  be  the  Centennial  of  L}'nchburg's  ex- 
istence, and  suggesting,  thus  early,  the  propriety  of  ]ia\ing  the  Exec- 
utive  Committee   take   the   initiative   in  celebrating   it  appropriately. 


148  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Actin^[T  upon  this  suggestion,  co-operative  committees  from  other  or- 
ganizations in  the  City  were  appointed,  and,  by  the  faithful,  united 
and  harmonious  work  of  all,  the  great  and  memorable  Celebration  of 
last  year  was  the  result.  To  Mr.  McDonald  is  due  the  credit  of  orig- 
inating the  idea  of  the  Centennial  and  in  arranging  and  carrying  out 
the  programme,  and  it  is  also  his  due  to  add  that  no  one  worked 
more  laboriously  to  make  it  a  success  in  every  particular.  The 
Trades  Parade  would  have  reflected  credit  upon  a  city  of  much  greater 
pretensions  than  Lynchburg.  It  was  the  surprise  and  delight  of  all 
who  saw  it.  Various  were  the  attractions  during  the  festival,  and 
immense  crowds  thronged  the  streets,  to  the  number  of  many  thou- 
sands in  excess. of  any  previous  concourse  here.  It  was,  in  fact,  a 
glorious  reunion,  and  will  be  long  remembered  by  all  who  took  part 
in  it.  One  of  the  many  prominent  features  of  the  celebration  was 
the  planting  of  a  "  Centennial  Oak  "  in  the  Fair  Grounds,  with  im- 
pressive and  interesting  ceremonies. 

The  Lynchburg  Agricultural  and  Mechanical  Society  is  now  in  the 
full  tide  of  prosperity,  being  entirely  free  from  debt  and  having  a  sur- 
plus in  its  treasury.  The  Managers  of  its  affairs  point  with  just  pride 
to  its  prosperous  condition — the  most  prosperous  by  far  of  all  similar 
organizations  in  the  State.  Whilst  there  are  many  who  have  contributed 
liberally  of  their  time  and  money  to  bring  about  this  state  of  affairs, 
all  will  agree  that  to  the  accomplished  editor  of  the  Vtrginian,  Mr. 
Alexander  McDonald,  the  community  is  indebted  more  than  to  any 
one  else,  because  of  his  ever  watchful  and  faithful  care  in  the  man- 
agement of  the  Society's  interests,  in  his  dual  capacity  of  Secretary 
and  Treasurer.  Those  who  have  the  best  opportunity  of  knowing 
will  bear  willing  te.stimony  to  the  correctness  of  this  statement ;  and 
further,  that,  except  for  Mr.  McDonald's  efforts,  the  Society  would 
long  since  have  languished  and  died.  The  fact  of  his  having  been 
re-elected  unanimously  every  year  to  this  respon.sible  office,  is  ample 
evidence  of  the  confidence  and  appreciation  in  which  he  is  held  by 
the  members  and  managers  of  the  Society. 

The  next  l^^iir  will  be  held  in  October  of  this  year,  and  the  Execu- 
tive Committee  are  already  making  preparations,  by  improving  the 
race  track,  grading,  beautifying,  building,  planting,  &c.,  and  it  is  be- 
lieved that  this  will  be  the  most  extensive  and  attractive  exhibition 
ever  given  under  the  auspices  of  the  Society. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  1 49 

The  following  are  the  present  officers  :  President,  John  W.  Daniel ; 
Chairjiian  of  Executive  Coininiitee,  E.  J.  Folkes  ;  Secretary  and  Treas- 
urer, Alexander  McDonald  ;  Execntive  Committee,  E.  J.  Folkes,  F.  D, 
Johnson,  E.  A.  Craighill,  Ridgway  Holt,  R.  L.  Miller,  George  D. 
Witt,  James  R.  Kyle,  L.  P.  Shaner,  \V.  D.  Adams,  Samuel  Tyree, 
E.  C.  Hamner,  S.  W.'  Nowlin,  G.  W.  Smith,  W.  O.  Johnson  and 
Joseph  Cohn. 

BANKS  AND  BANKERS. 

It  is  beyond  question  that  in  the  matter  of  sound  and  liberal  finan- 
cial institutions  Lynchburg  is  extremely  fortunate.  These  form  the 
bulwarks  of  trade  in  all  mercantile  and  industrial  communities,  and 
frequently  offer  the  safest  and  most  satisfactory  investment  for  float- 
ing capital.  There  are  five  incorporated  Bahks  in  the  City — four 
National  and  one  State — besides  two  private  Bankers.  These  repre- 
sent resources  which  in  the  aggregate  amount  to  several  millions  of 
dollars — a  sum  fully  adequate  to  all  the  demands  which  the  large 
trade  of  the  City  is  likely  to  make  upon  it.  No  difficulty  is  expe- 
rienced by  the  manufacturers,  brokers  and  other  business  men  in  ob- 
taining as  much  money  as  they  require,  at  all  times  and  at  reasonable 
rates,  on  good  commercial  paper.  In  fact,  the  Banks  are  competitors 
for  mercantile  discounts,  and  are  always  ready  and  willing  to  aid  the 
reputable  merchant  and  manufacturer  in  the  prosecution  of  his  legiti- 
mate business.  The  Lynchburg  Banks  are  well  and  prudently  man- 
aged, and  are  all  paying  handsome  dividends.  In  evidence  of  this 
it  may  be  stated  that  they  have  been  entirely  unaffected  by  the 
"runs"  and  "panics"  which  have  proved  so  disastrous  to  the  *^ — 
banking  establishments  of  other  Virginia  cities  during  the  last  few 
years. 

HOTELS. 

On  arriving  at  Lynchburg  for  the  first  time,  the  stranger  cannot 
fail  to  be  impressed  most  favorably  with  the  superiority  of  our  Hotel 
accommodations  ;  and  this  is  admitted  to  be  one  of  the  best  crite- 
rions  by  which  to  gauge  the  general  commercial  prosperity — or  other- 
^vise — of  every  city.  It  must  be  confessed  that  in  this  respect  many 
of  our  Southern  provincial  towns  are  sadly  deficient,  and  the  traveller 
is  certain  to  be  agreeably  surprised  at  the  comfort  and  elegance  with 
which  he  finds  himself  surrounded  when   he  first  accepts  the  hospi- 


150  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

tality  of  the  "  Hill  City."  Situated  at  the  intersection  of  several 
busy  railroads,  Lynchburg  receives  and  entertains  many  thousands 
of  transient  visitors  during  the  year,  and  first-class  hotels  have  been, 
for  many  years  past,  not  only  an  absolute  necessity  to  the  public  but 
also  a  source  of  handsome  revenue  to  their  proprietors,  who  vie  with 
each  other  in  supplying  the  wants  and  increasing  the  comforts  of  their 
guests. 

Our  Hotels  are  all  that  the  most  fastidious  could  desire — lofty, 
commodious,  well  lighted  and  well  ventilated,  within  easy  reach  of 
railroad  depots,  churches,  places  of  amusement,  street  railways,  banks, 
stores.  &c. ;  well  furnished  and  provided  with  parlors  and  reception 
rooms  ;  cleanly,  comfortable,  well  managed  and  devoid  of  those  tri- 
fling but  numerous  discomforts  which  usually  render  hotel  life  so  un- 
attractive. Their  tables  abound  in  all  seasonable  luxuries,  and  the 
large  patronage  which  they  enjoy  is  the  best  possible  testimonial  to 
their  excellence. 

IRON  WORKS,  FOUNDRIES,  &c. 
The  proximity  of  Lynchburg  to  the  great  coal  and  iron  fields  of 
Western  Virginia  has  naturally  led  to  the  establishment  at  this  point 
of  Furnaces  and  Iron  Works,  of  which  there  are  now  three  in  exten- 
sive operation.  All  of  these  have  recently  enlarged  their  capital 
with  a  view  to  expanding  their  capacity  and  increasing  their  products. 
They  are  all  busy  and  prosperous,  with  every  prospect  of  continued 
success.  Pig  Iron  of  the  finest  quality  is  manufactured  from  the  ores 
of  this  district,  while  the  Nails,  Bars,  Spikes,  &c.,  made  here  in  large 
quantities  are  unsurpassed,  and  command  a  ready  market  as  rapidly 
as  they  can  be  turned  out.  Castings  for  Agricultural  Implements 
and  Machinery  of  all  kinds  are  also  among  the  products  of  our  local 
foundries.  In  addition  to  these  there  are  established  agencies  of 
Harvesting  Machines  of  various  popular  makes,  and  of  those  numer- 
ous other  inventions  which  have  become  indispensable  to  the  modern 
agriculturist  and  manufacturer.  The  means  of  supplying,  renewing 
and  repairing  is  thus  brought  within  the  reach  of  all  who  employ  en- 
gines and  other  mechanical  contrivances,  either  in  tobacco  factories, 
grist  or  saw  mills,  or  in  the  simpler  but  not  less  essential  operations 
of  the  farm. 

DRUGS  AND  CHEMICALS. 
The   bulk   of  business   done   in   these   important   commodities,   in 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE.  I5I 

Lynchburg,  is  much  more  considerable  than  would  be  supposed  by 
the  uninitiated,  and  is  conducted  by  two  wholesale  and  about  a  dozen 
retail  houses,  whose  united  sales  reach  the  handsome  sum  of  half  a 
million  dollars,  or  thereabouts,  annually.  The  stocks  kept  by  these 
establishments  are  large  and  varied,  and  several  of  our  druggists  have 
earned  a  wide  and  honorable  reputation  through  the  excellence  of 
the  goods  they  supply,  as  well  as  through  the  agency  of  certain 
"  specialties  "  which   they  put  up. 

The  wholesale  and  manufacturing  representatives  of  this  branch  of 
trade  have  done  valuable  service  to  the  City,  for  their  enterprise  has 
been  the  means  of  retaining  and  disbursing  among  our  own  people, 
in  the  form  of  v/ages,  and  otherwise,  thousands  of  dollars  which  for- 
merly went  to  Richmond,  Baltimore,  Philadelphia,  and  other  markets, 
in  payment  for  the  same  goods  which  can  now  be  supplied  at  home, 
on  equally  favorable  terms. 

Besides  Drugs  and  Chemicals,  all  our  wholesale  and  some  of  our 
retail  houses  carry  full  lines  of  Paints  and  Oils.  Perfumery,  Spices, 
Seeds,  Patent  Medicines,  Fancy  and  Toilet  Articles,  and  numerous 
other  commodities  not  strictly  akin  to  pharmacy,  such  as  Tobacco, 
Cigars,  Cigarettes,  &c.  Our  principal  wholesale  drug  trade  is  carried 
on  with  Southwest  Virginia,  Tennessee,  the  two  Carolinas  and  Georgia, 
while  all  the  Southern  and  Middle  States  have  been  made  more  or 
less  familiar  with  Lynchburg's  enterprise  in  this  line.  Nor  is  this  all. 
From  New  York,  Boston,  Philadelphia,  Chicago,  Denver,  San  Fran- 
cisco, Austin,  and  all  the  principal  cities  of  the  Union,  orders  have 
been  received  for  preparations  compounded  here,  'and  it  is  a  matter 
of  record,  most  gratifying  to  the  manufacturers,  that  these  prepara- 
tions have  been  enquired  for  and  purchased  in  London  and  Paris,  as 
well  as  in  other  European  capitals.  Even  distant  Australia  has  fur- 
nished an  applicant  for  the  agency  of  one  of  Lynchburg's  proprietary 
medicines,  and  it  is  therefore  quite  reasonable  to  expect  that  the 
name  and  fame  of  our  City  will  yet  overspread  the  civilized  world  as 
the  birth  place  and  home  of  more  than  one  commercial  celebrity. 

BOOKS,  STATIONERY,  &c. 

The  quality  and  quantity  of  reading  matter  in  circulation  among 
the  people  of  any  community  will  be  found  to  be  a  very  accurate  test 
of  their  intellectual  capacity  and  refinement.      Where  there  are  well 


152  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

patronized  book  stores,  carrying  large  and  well-selected  assortments 
of  standard  literature,  there  will  also  most  certainly  be  found  a  large 
proportion  of  cultivated  and  well-informed  readers.  And  this  may 
justly  be  claimed  for  Lynchburg,  where  the  book  business  is  con- 
ducted by  men  whose  own  high  education  and  mental  culture  emi- 
nently qualify  them  to  cater  to  the  intellectual  requirements  of  their 
neighbors.  We  have  several  handsome  and  well-stocked  Book  and 
Stationery  Stores,  where  all  commodities  usually  kept  by  first-class 
establishments  of  the  kind  are  to  be  found  in  great  abundance  and 
endless  variety,  including  choice  paintings,  engravings,  photographs, 
and  a  host  of  other  articles  which  may  be  grouped  under  the  generic 
term  "  Fancy."  In  some  cases  the  Book  and  Stationery  business  is 
combined  with  that  of  Pianos,  Organs  and  Music,  and  our  dealers 
represent  the  most  famous  factories  in' the  country,  and  always  keep 
on  hand  a  large  selection  of  first-class  instruments. 

GROCERS  AND  COMMISSION  MERCHANTS. 

These  two  important  branches  of  Lynchburg's  trade  are  here  con- 
solidated, for  the  reason  that  they  are  too  closely  allied  to  each  other 
to  admit  of  separate  treatment.  United,  they  cover  a  vast  field  and 
embrace  many  interests.  Indeed,  there  is  no  department  of  com- 
mercial enterprise  represented  in  the  City  which  employs  so  much 
capital,  engages  so  many  of  our  leading  business  men,  or  exercises  so 
wide-spread  an  influence  over  the  whole  territory  which  recognizes 
Lynchburg  as  its  principal  or  central  market.  It  is  customary  among 
our  wholesale  grocers  to  act  also  as  commission  merchants,  and  vice 
versa.  Vast  quantities  of  tobacco,  grain,  bacon,  poultry  and  other 
kinds  of  produce,  are  received  here  for  sale  on  commission,  and  the 
consignments  are  often  accompanied  by  orders  for  provisions  or  cash. 
An  open  account  is  often  kept  by  the  planter  with  his  Commission 
Merchant,  who  advances  what  goods,  fertilizers  and  money  may  be 
required  by  his  country  customer,  from  harvest  to  harvest,  and  it 
occasionally  happens  that  the  latter  is  unable,  through  misfortune  or 
some  other  cause,  to  make  a  settlement  even  at  harvest  time,  in  which 
event  his  Commission  Merchant  must  "  carry  "  him  till  the  following 
year,  taking  a  mortgage  lien  upon  land  or  future  crops,  as  security. 
It  will  be  seen  that  considerable  capital  is  required  to  carry  on  a  busi- 
ness of  this  kind  ;  and  it  may  be  here  stated,  without  fear  of  contra- 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE. 


diction,  that  in  no  town  in  the  United  States  can  be  found  a  more 
sound,  solvent  and  successful  body  of  business  men  than  the  Grocers 
and  Commission  Merchants  of  Lynchburg,  in  proportion  to  the  pop- 
ulation and  the  amount  of  capital  involved. 


RESIDENCE  OF  MR.  JOSEPH  COHN. 

(CHURCH    STRKET,    NEAR   SIXTH.) 

FURNITURE. 

This  trade  has  assumed  much  importance  in  Lynchburg  of  late 
years,  and  now  employs  a  large  cash  capital.  Ordinary  houseliold 
necessaries  could  always  be  obtained  here  as  well  as  elsewhere,  but 
the  handsomer  and  more  expensive  articles  were  generally  sought  at 
Richmond,  or  even  still  further  away,  until  those  now  engaged  in  the 
business  wisely   took  advantage   of  the  opportunity  thus  offered  to 


154  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

local  enterprise.  Our  Furniture  Warerooms  now  contain  large  and 
varied  assortments  of  stock,  and  every  taste  and  every  pocket  can 
be  suited,  at  factory  prices,  whether  the  articles  be  required  for  par- 
lor, dining  room,  chamber,  office  or  school.  There  are  several  firms 
engaged  here  in  this  business,  and  they  can  afford  to  sell  their  goods 
at  reasonable  figures,  as  they  make  their  purchases  at  the  manufac- 
tories and  obtain  the  most  favorable  terms.  The  out-lying  districts 
of  this  and  adjoining  States  find  this  a  most  advantageous  market  at 
which  to  make  their  purchases,  and  each  year  brings  increased  busi- 
ness to  our  dealers.  Here,  as  in  other  places,  there  are  those  to  be 
met  with  who  refuse  to  acknowledge  genuine  excellence  unless  they 
import  it  direct  from  some  distant  market ;  but  experience  has 
taught  the  great  majority  of  consumers  that  it  is  more  economical, 
as  well  as  infinitely  more  satisfactory,  to  deal  with  merchants  whom 
they  know  personally  and  meet  every  day,  reliable  and  responsible 
business  men,  who  are  always  accessible  when,  through  some  acci- 
dent or  unexpected  flaw,  a  guarantee  may  have  to  be  made  good. 

WEARING  APPAREL. 

The  above  words  are  intended  only  to  apply,  in  this  instance,  to 
Boots  and  Shoes,  Hats  and  Caps,  Clothiers'  and  Tailors'  Goods,  and 
Men's  Furnishing  Goods  generally,  and  not  to  those  unfathomable 
mysteries  of  feminine  attire  which  are  di.stracting  even  to  think  upon, 
and  cannot  possibly  be  either  enumerated  or  described.  These  com- 
bined interests  require  considerable  capital,  and  it  is  estimated  that  in 
Lynchburg  not  less  than  a  quarter  of  a  million  of  dollars  is  invested 
in  them.  The  Boot  and  Shoe  business,  in  which  there  is  one  large 
house  doing  an  exclusively  wholesale  trade,  is  very  far  reaching,  and 
goods  supplied  by  Lynchburg  houses  may  be  found  in  every  portion 
of  Central  and  Western  Virginia,  in  the  two  CaroHnas,  Georgia,  Ala- 
bama, Tennessee  and  other  Southern  States.  Hats  and  Caps,  which 
also  have  an  exclusively  wholesale  representative  here,  form  another 
link  in  the  chain  which  binds  us  commercially  to  the  people  of  ad- 
joining States,  and  sales  in  this  line  are  heavy,  especially  in  Virginia, 
North  Carolina  and  Tennessee,  where  the  bulk  of  the  business  is 
done.  The  .same  may  be  truly  said  of  Clothiers'  and  Tailors'  Goods 
and  Men's  Furnishing  Goods,  the  trade  in  which  is  extending  grad- 
ually, and  will  doubtless  some  day  overspread  a  much  more  extended 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  1 55 

territorj^  All  these  different  branches  of  Lynchburg's  business  are 
in  the  hands  of  sterling,  practical  men,  who  are  intimately  acquainted 
with  the  wants  of  their  respective  trades  and  thoroughly  understand 
them  in  their  most  minute  details.  Having  sufficient  working  capi- 
tal, they  are  enabled  to  take  advantage  of  every  fluctuation  of  the 
market,  and  to  buy  up  at  low  figures  whatever  may  be  suitable  to 
their  business.  By  these  means  they  can  often  sell  to  the  retail  trade 
and  individual  consumers  at  better  prices  than  the  manufacturer 
would  be  willing  to  accept  during  his  busy  season. 

DRY  GOODS,   NOTIONS,   &c. 

No  attempt  will  be  made  here  to  depict  the  wonders  or  solve  the 
mysteries  of  that  "  Woman's  Paradise,"  a  first-class  Dry  Goods  Store, 
a  mere  catalogue  of  whose  ordinary  stock  would  fill  many  a  close- 
writ  page.  Suffice  it  to  say  that  Lynchburg  can  show  as  handsome 
and  as  well-stocked  establishments  devoted  to  this  particular  class  of 
merchandise  as  any  city  in  Virginia,  or  elsewhere  in  the  Southern 
L^d.  She  can  also  boast  of  at  least  one  mammoth  concern,  whose 
trade  is  exclusively  wholesale,  and  whose  annual  business  it  would 
require  seven  figures  to  compute.  Until  within  the  past  few  years 
the  wholesale  trade  of  Lynchburg,  in  this  as  in  all  other  departments, 
was  comparatively  unimportant,  but  only  for  the  reason  that  no  per- 
sistent experiment  in  that  direction  had  been  made.  The  uniform 
success  which  has  crowned  those  enterprising  houses  which  have  led 
the  van  in  establishing  the  City  as  a  great  wholesale  depot  has  alread}' 
encouraged  several  others  to  follow  their  good  example,  and  it  is  not 
overstating  the  case  to  assert  that  to-day  the  "  Hill  City  "  has  few 
equals  in  the  whole  South  as  a  trade  centre.  Our  principal  Dry 
Goods  and  Notions  Stores  are  on  Main  Street  and  many  of  them  carry 
heavy  stocks  of  all  those  articles  belonging  to  their  trade,  including 
full  lines  of  carpets,  of  all  descriptions  and  the  product  of  all  lands, 
as  well  as  mats,  rugs,  druggets,  and  other  similar  wares.  All  their 
goods  are  guaranteed  not  to  exceed  Northern  prices,  and  their  assort- 
ments are  as  complete  as  are  to  be  met  with  in  any  other  city. 

MISCELLANEOUS  TRADES. 

In  the  preceding  pages,  special  attention  has  been  directed,  under 
distinctive  headings,  to  several  of  the  principal  branches  of  trade  and 


156  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

industry  which  engage  the  manufacturing  and  mercantile  classes  of 
Lynchburg,  and  it  must  be  conceded  that  not  only  does  the  present 
condition  of  her  affairs  make  a  most  creditable  showing,  but  also 
that  her  existing  advantages  are  in  a  fair  way  to  be  considerably  aug- 
mented, and  that  her  future  is  rich  in  promises  of  continually  in- 
creasing prosperity — promises  which  will  certainly  be  redeemed, 
provided  her  people  remain  faithful  to  themselves  and  to  their  tra- 
ditions. 

In  addition  to  the  more  prominent  subjects  already  reviewed,  there 
are  others,  too  numerous  for  separate  classification,  and  yet  too  pro- 
ductive of  good,  in  their  combined  influence  upon  the  community,  to 
justify  their  being  passed  by  without  mention.  Among  the  indus- 
tries which  may  be  regarded  as  incidental  to  the  enormous  tobacco 
interests  of  the  City,  the  manufacture  of  Hogsheads  and  Tobacco 
Boxes  occupies  a  prominent  position  and  gives  employment  to  a 
large  number  of  mechanics.  The  demand  for  these  products  by 
local  tobacco  shippers  and  manufacturers  is  naturally  very  consider- 
able ;  but  it  is  not  confined  to  the  City,  orders  being  constantly.re- 
ceived  from  neighboring  towns  along  the  several  lines  of  railroad. 
A  Broom  and  Brush  factory  has  recently  been  established  here,  and 
its  capacity  is  already  taxed  to  fill  orders  for  the  local  trade.  This 
will  prove  of  great  advantage  not  only  to  those  actually  engaged  in 
the  business,  but  also  as  suggesting  to  the  farmers  of  this  district  a 
new  and  profitable  crop.  The  phenomenal  success  of  our  Fertilizer 
and  Insecticide  factory — the  only  one  in  the  world  the  basis  of  whose 
product  is  tobacco — has  been  most  gratifying  to  the  whole  commu- 
nity, as  well  as  to  its  projectors  and  proprietors,  the  value  of  whose 
ingenious  formula  has  been  proved  beyond  controversy  under  the 
severest  tests.  The  Printing  and  I^inding  establishments  of  the  City 
defy  successful  competition  as  regards  both  the  quality  and  the  price 
of  the  work  they  turn  out.  Every  visitor  to  the  City  is  struck  at 
once  with  the  style  and  excellence  of  the  carriages  and  horses — the 
property  of  our  enterprising  Livery  Stable  proprietors — which  are 
always  to  be  seen  on  our  streets.  There  is  perhaps  no  town  in  the 
South  where  better  conveyances  and  saddle  horses  can  be  hired  than 
in  Lynchburg.  This  is  due  in  great  measure  to  the  almost  precipi- 
tous character  of  many  of  our  thoroughfares,  on  which  inferior  horse- 
flesh and  defective  vehicles  would  be  worse  than  useless.  In  this 
connection    it  may   be  stated    that  there  are  several  carriage,  buggy, 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  1 57 

cart  and  wagon  builders  in  the  City  who  turn  out  first-class  work  and 
are  highly  esteemed  throughout  the  neighboring  districts.  The  City 
Cemeteries  and  rural  Graveyards  for  many  miles  around  are  supplied 
with  beautiful  marble  and  granite  shafts  and  tomb-stones  which  bear 
the  "  imprint  "  of  a  well  known  Lynchburg  sculptor,  as  do  also  many 
of  the  ornaments  which  adorn  our  handsome  churches  and  residences. 
The  windows  and  show  cases  of  our  Jewelry  Stores  sparkle  with  rich 
gems  and  present  a  most  attractive  assortment  of  watches,  clocks, 
gold  and  silver  ware,  and  such  other  articles  as  pertain  to  this  depart- 
ment of  trade,  which  here  embraces  spectacles,  eye-glasses  and  opti- 
cians' goods  generally.  Fine  engraving  on  stone  and  metal,  design- 
ing and  repairing  of  all  kinds,  can  be  executed  here  in  true  artistic 
style,  while  orders  for  Lynchburg  watches  are  received  from  even  the 
most  distant  points  in  the  United  States  with  increasing  frequency. 
In  the  matter  of  Hardware,  Stoves,  Tinware,  Cutlery,  and  other  kin- 
dred commodities,  the  business  done  here  is  simply  enormous,  and 
there  is  no  need  to  pass  Lynchburg  in  search  of  any  article  in  this 
line,  as  the  whole  catalogue  can  be  found  in  stock  at  any  of  our  lead- 
ing houses,  of  first-class  quality,  and  at  reasonable  prices.  The  man- 
ufacture of  Ice  from  distilled  water  is  among  the  recent  industrial 
experiments  of  the  City,  and,  so  far,  the  enterprise  has  been  re- 
warded with  complete  success.  This  now  indispensable  article  of 
daily  consumption  is  furnished  here  at  half-a-cent  per  pound,  or,  in 
larger  quantities,  at  five  dollars  per  ton.  The  Ice  is  absolutely  pure, 
and,  at  the  prices  above  quoted,  is  now  within  the  reach  of  all  classes 
of  consumers.  Other  important  industries  are  in  full  and  successful 
operation  in  and  around  the  City,  to  wit :  Grist,  Saw  and  Planing 
Mills,  Door,  Sash  and  Blind  Factories,  Bark  Mills,  Dye  Works,  Barytes 
Mills,  Stone  Quarries,  and  a  score  more,  which,  however,  have  not 
yet  attained  special  prominence.  A  tour  of  the  City  will  reveal  to 
the  observant  visitor  such  an  array  of  magnificent  new  structures — 
Churches,  Public  Buildings,  Private  Residences,  Factories,  Stores  and 
Warehouses, — that  any  further  eulogy  of  our  Architects,  Contractors 
and  dealers  in  Builders'  Materials  would  be  regarded  by  him  as  en- 
tirely superfluous.  This  is  a  great  mart  for  Horses  and  Mules,  which 
are  extensively  dealt  in  by  our  Livery  Stable  proprietors.  The  best 
stock  for  any  and  all  purposes  can  be  obtained  here  at  all  times  and 
at  such  prices  as  to  suit  all  purchasers.     The  Lynchburg  Agricul- 


158  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

tural  and  Mechanical  Society  has  done  much  towards  establishing^ 
this  City  as  a  great  cattle  and  live  stock  market  also,  and  our  leading 
Butchers  deal  largely  in  live  as  well  as  dead  meat  of  the  finest  quality. 
Such  goods  as  China  and  Glass  Ware  are  to  be  found  here  in  as  great 
variety  and  at  as  low  prices  as  in  the  large  Northern  Cities.  Our 
Painters,  Plumbers,  Tinners,  Boot  and  Shoe  Makers,  Blacksmiths  and 
mechanics  of  all  kinds  furnish  excellent  work,  each  in  his  own  line  ; 
while  our  Photographic  Artists  turn  out  first-class  work  in  all  .styles, 
and  faithfully  reproduce,  in  most  becoming  manner,  the  very  superior 
efforts  of  those  other  artists,  the  Milliners  and  Tailors.  Stencil  cutting 
and  stamp  designing  have  also  their  efficient  representatives  here,  as 
have  also  all  classes  of  mechanical  and  arti.stic  contrivances,  sewing 
machines,  electrical  machinery,  &c.  Musical  Instruments  of  every 
description  can  be  purcha.sed,  renewed  and  repaired.  Our  Confec- 
tionery establishments  are  unrivalled  in  the  variety,  and  excellence  of 
their  delicious  wares.  In  short,  for  a  city  of  its  size  and  population, 
there  cannot  be  found  one  anywhere  in  which  the  necessaries,  com- 
forts and  luxuries  of  life,  in  all  conceivable  forms,  are  more  abundant 
or  inore  easily  obtainable  than  they  are  in  Lynchburg,  and  if  those 
who  have  been  accustomed  to  send  to  distant  points  for  their  supplies 
will  only  give  our  merchants,  manufacturers  and  mechanics  a  fair 
trial,  they  will  certainly  have  no  cause  to  regret  the  experiment, 
which  will  no  doubt  result  in  securing  their  permanent  patrona;^e  for 
our   "  home  trade." 

THE  LOCAL  TRESS. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  VIRG1NL\N. 

This  venerable  and  widely  known  journal,,  which  has  only  one 
senior  in  the  State,  was  established  in  1808,  when  Lynchburg  was  a 
comparatively  small  and  unimportant  town.  It  was  launched  as 
"  The  Lynchburg  Press,"  but  when,  in  1820,  it  came  into  the  hands 
of  the  late  John  Hampden  Pleasants— one  of  the  most  distinguished 
journalists  the  State  of  Virginia  has  ever  produced — its  name  was 
changed  to  "The  Lynchburg  Virginian''  and  has  so  remained  ever 
since. 

When  Mr.  Pleasants  left  the  Virginian  to  take  up  his  residence  at 
the  Capital,  where  he  became  the  founder  of  the  Richmond  Whig, 
Richard  H.  Toler  succeeded  to  the  editorship  of  this  paper,  and, 
upon  his  transfer  some  years  afterwards  to  the  Richmond  Whig, 
William   M.  Blackford  became  his  successor  here.      Upon  the  retire- 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE.  I  59 

merit  of  Mr.  Blackford,  A.  W.  C.  Terry  assumed  the  duties  of  editor 
of  the  Virginian,  and  continued  in  their  discharge  until  his  death, 
which  occurred  in  185  I.  James  McDonald  was  then  installed  in  the 
editorial  chair  which  he  occupied  till  the  beginning  of  1857,  when 
the  paper  was  purchased  by  Charles  W.  Button,  who  became  editor 
and  continued  in  that  position  until  July,  1885,  when  he  was  ap- 
pointed Postmaster  of  Lynchburg  by  President  Cleveland,  and  re- 
tired from  the  paper  in  order  to  assume  his  new  duties.  His  succes- 
sor was  L.  S.  Marye,  who  served  the  Virginian  as  editor  until  Feb- 
ruary, 1887,  when  Mr.  Button,  having  resigned  as  Postmaster,  re- 
sumed the  editorial  position  for  one  month,  and  finally  severed  his 
connection  in  the  succeeding  March,  when  the  paper  was  purchased 
by  a  syndicate  of  Lynchburg  gentlemen,  and  Alexander  McDonald 
was  chosen  for  the  position  of  editor-in-chief,  with  W.  W.  Wysor  as 
his  assistant 

During  its  eighty  years  of  vigorous  life,  the  Virginian  has  wielded 
an  appreciable  power  in  State  and  local  politics,  and  has  always  been 
a  warm  advocate  of  Lynchburg's  truest  interests,  in  whatever  form 
they  happened  to  be  presented. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  NEWS 

was  established  on  the  15th  of  January,  1866,  by  Edward  D.  Chris- 
tian, a  prominent  lawyer  of  the  City,  and  A.  Waddill,  a  practical  and 
experienced  printer.  Mr.  Waddill  subsequently  became,  and  still 
remains,  its  sole  owner.  The  first  editor  of  the  Neivs  was  Robert  E. 
Withers,  afterwards  United  States  Senator  from  Virginia,  and  now 
Consul  to  Hong  Kong,  China.  John  G.  Perry  was  the  first  City 
Editor.  Congressman  Thomas  Whitehead  was  afterwards  editor-in- 
chief  of  the  paper,  and  was  succeeded,  in  April,  1880,  by  Alexander 
McDonald,  Carter  Glass  at  the  same  time  taking  the  place  of  A.  J. 
De  Witt  as  City  Editor.  In  March,  1887,  Carter  Glass  succeeded 
Mr,  McDonald  as  editor-in-chief  Mr.  A.  W.  Strange  has  been  the 
Business  Manager  of  the  Ncivs.  for  twenty  years,  and  to  his  excellent 
business  capacity  the  success  of  the  paper  is  largely  due.  The  News 
is  now  one  of  the  firmly  established  institutions  of  Lynchburg,  and 
one  of  the  best  paying  newspaper  establishments  in  Virginia.  It  has 
a  large  and  constantly  increasing  circulation  of  all  its  editions  ;  espe- 
cially in  the  rich  Southwest,  where  its  bright,  new.sy  pages  are  fa- 
miliar to  nearly  every  home  circle.  It  also  circulates  largely  through 
Pittsylvania,  Franklin,  Henry  and  Patrick  Counties,  and  in  the  coun- 
ties immediately  contiguous  to  Lynchburg.  Its  news  facilities  are 
unsurpassed  by  any  paper  outside  of  Richmond,  and  are  being  im- 
proved every  week. 

THE    LYNCHBURG  ADVANCE. 
This  newspaper  was  established  on   the   5th    of   May,    1880,   by 


l6o  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

Whiteheads,  Murrell  &  Co.,  who  printed  daily,  semi-weekly  and 
weekly  editions,  Capt.  Thomas  C.  Whitehead  being  its  Editor.  In 
May,  1882,  was  formed  a  joint  stock  company  which  conducted  the 
paper  for  fifteen  months  under  the  business  management  of  Mr.  W. 
C.  Carrington.  In  1883  the  company  was  reorganized,  and  Mr.  T. 
Davis  Evans  succeeded  Mr.  Carrington  as  Business  Manager. 

There  was  a  second  reorganization  in  August,  1885,  when  Major 
R.  H.  Glass  succeeded  Capt.  Whitehead  as  editor-in-chief  and  Mr. 
A.  J.  De  Witt  became  City  Editor,  Mr.  Evans  remaining  in  charge 
of  the  Counting  Room  and  Mr.  H.  W.  Baker  assuming  the  responsi- 
ble position  of  Foreman  and  Assistant  Editor.  The  staff  of  the  paper 
has  remained  unchanged  since  the  last  mentioned  date. 

Under  its  present  management  the  Advance  has  made  long  and 
rapid  strides  in  public  favor,  and  is  now  recognized  as  among  the 
leading  journals  of  the  State.  Its  subscription  list  was  soon  doubled 
and  is  still  steadily  increasing.  In  politics  it  is  "  Democratic  at  all 
times  and  under  all  circumstances,"  independent  in  every  sense  of 
external  influence,  and  devoted  to  the  dual  purpose  of  publishing  all 
the  news  of  the  day,  and  of  influencing  public  opinion  for  the  public 
good. 

As  a  pure,  interesting  and  enterprising  sheet,  the  Advance  has  won 
its  way  into  the  hearts  and  homes  of  the  people,  and  there  are  but 
few  Post  Offices  in  Virginia  at  which  it  is  a  stranger,  in  one  or  other 
of  its  editions.  Its  circulation  in  the  adjacent  States  is  also  becom- 
ing important,  and  its  value  as  an  advertising  medium  is  becoming 
proportionately  enhanced. 

Being  the  only  afternoon  paper  in  the  City,  and  having  secured 
perfect  telegraphic  arrangements,  it  has  become  a  veritable  necessity 
to  this  enlightened  and  i)rogressive  community. 

THE  WEEKLY  LABOR  RECORD. 

This  Journal,  which  is  "The  official  organ  of  District  Assembly 
No.  193,  Knights  of  Labor,"  was  established  in  June,  1886,  by  its 
present  Editor  and  Proprietor,  Mr.  J.  C.  Boston.  It  is  devoted  to 
the  interests  of  Labor,  in  all  its  numerous  ramifications.  It  is  pub- 
lished every  Saturday,  and  has  secured  a  large  circulation  and  a  lib- 
eral advertising  patronage. 

MARSHALL   LODGE    HOME  AND    RETREAT,    FOR    THE 
SICK  AND  WOUNDED. 

This  institution,  as  its  name  implies,  is  a  monument  to  local  Ma- 
sonic benevolence  and  public  spirit.  It  was  opened  on  April  ist, 
1886,  by  Marshall  Lodge  No.  39,  A.  F.  and  A.  M.,  and  is  governed 
by  a  Board  of  Managers  elected  by  that  Lodge.     The  Home   is  sit- 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS   TRADE.  l6l 

uated  on  the  corner  of  Washington  and  Church  Streets,  Diamond 
Hill,  within  two  squares  of  the  line  of  street  cars,  and  its  site  is  one 
of  the  healthiest  and  most  picturesque  in  the  City.  It  affords  accom- 
modation for  twenty  patients,  and  during  the  first  year  of  its  exist- 
ence (ending  April  ist,  1887),  over  sixty  sufferers  were  taken  care  of 
within  its  walls. 

The  institution  contains  four  private  rooms  and  four  ward  rooms. 
Of  the  latter,  two  are  in  a  separate  building  and  are  reserved  for  col- 
ored patients.  Cots  have  been  endowed  by  the  Ladies'  Relief  So- 
ciety, the  Ladies'  Cot  Society,  (of  St.  Pauls  Episcopal  Church,)  and 
the  Little  Sisters  of  Mercy,  for  the  use  of  indigent  sufferers.  Mod- 
erate charges  are  made  to  those  patients  who  are  able  to  pay,  and  in 
this  manner  the  running  expenses  of  the  institution  are  partially  de- 
frayed. The  deficit,  whatever  that  may  be,  is  borne  by  Marshall 
Lodge.  It  is  a  noble  charity,  and  one  that  has  already  conferred  in- 
estimable blessing  upon  the  sick  and  suffering  of  the  community. 
All  the  physicians  of  the  City  give  their  services  free  in  all  cases  re- 
ceived at  the  Home  in  which  the  patients  are  unable  to  pay,  thus 
securing  even  to  the  poorest  the  advantage  of  .skilled  medical  treat- 
ment. Many  lives  have  doubtless  been  saved,  and  many  hearts 
made  glad  by  the  care  and  attention  afforded  by  the  Home,  which 
would  otherwise  have  been  beyond  their  reach. 

The  present  officers  and  Board  of  Managers  of  the  Marshall  Lodge 
Home  and  Retreat  are  as  follows*  President,  J.  P.  Bell;  Vice-Presi- 
dent, T.  D.  Davis  ;  Treasurer,  T.  D.  Jennings  ;  Secretary,  Dr.  C.  E. 
Busey ;  Managers,  J.  P.  Bell,  T.  D.  Davis,  T.  D.  Jennings,  R.  T, 
Aunspaugh,  R.  T.  Craighili,  T.  M.  McCorkle,  Dr.  A.  I.  Clark,  S.  D. 
Preston  and  E.  N.  Eubank.  The  domestic  arrangements  of  the 
Home  are  under  the  charge  of  the  efficient  Matron,  Mrs.  B.  B.  Cole, 
assisted  by  trained  nurses. 

THE  YOUNG  MEN'S  CHRISTIAN  ASSOCIATION  OF 
LYNCHBURG,  VA. 
This  Association  was  organized  on  November  26th,  1882,  with 
twenty-three  members.  Its  life  at  first  was  very  feeble,  but  when,  in 
April,  1883,  the  State  Convention  met  in  this  City,  a  deep  interest  in 
the  organization  was  awakened,  and  steps  were  forthwith  taken  to  in- 
sure its  increased  and  permanent  usefulness.  To  this  end,  the  City 
was  thoroughly  canvassed  for  the  necessary  funds  by  Messrs.  W.  H. 
Wren,  of  Lynchburg  ;  C.  A.  Licklider,  then  Secretary  of  the  Asso- 
ciation at  Petersburg  ;  and Mcllhaney,  of  Staunton.  The  As- 
sociation then  occupied  the  rooms  over  the  office  of  Messrs.  R.  Pol- 
lard &  Co.,  on  Eighth  Street,  but  the  growing  membership  soon  made 
it  necessary  to  secure  more  extensive  quarters,  and  on  January  ist, 
1885,  these  were  found  and  rented  on  the  corner  of  Main  and  Eighth 
Streets, 


|62  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA, 

In  April,  1886,  the  City  was  again  canvassed  for  the  purpose  of 
raising  money  sufficient  to  build  a  permanent  Home  worthy  of  the 
Association.  The  handsome  and  commodious  structure  on  Church 
Street,  between  Eighth  and  Ninth  Streets,  an  engraving  of  which 
is  shown  on  the  opposite  page,  was  the  result  of  this  canvass,  and 
the  citizens  may  well  feel  proud  of  this  fine  building,  which  was 
erected  at  a  cost  of  about  $17,000. 

Mr.  C-  A.  Licklider  was  the  first  Secretary  of  this  Association. 
He  held  the  office  for  six  months  and  was  succeeded  by  Mr.  Charles 
Hammersley.  In  April,  1884,  the  last  named  gentleman  retired  and 
the  duties  of  the  Secretaryship  were  discharged  by  Mr.  William  Gum- 
ming until  September  ist,  1885,  when  he  resigned  to  enter  the  min- 
istry. Mr.  Licklider  was  then  recalled,  and  is  now  the  efficient  and 
enthusiastic  Secretary  of  the  Association,  which  owes  much  of  its 
prosperity  to  his  capacity  and  zeal. 

At  the  organization  of  the  A.ssociation  Mr.  W.  H,  Wren  was 
elected  President.  He  served  for  two  years,  and  was  succeeded  by 
Mr.  VV.  A.  Hefifernan.  Major  Thomas  J.  Kirkpatrick  was  the  next 
presiding  officer,  and  was  followed  by  Mr.  J.  P.  Pettyjohn,  who  still 
fills  the  chair. 

The  present  ofiicers  of  the  Association  are  :  President,  J.  P.  Petty- 
john ;  1st  Vice-President,  J.  G.  Payne;  2nd  Vice-President,  J.  L. 
Thompson  ;  3rd  Vice-President,  William  Kinnier  ;  Treasurer,  J.  B. 
Johnson;  Recording  Secretary,  Christopher  Winfree;  General  Secre- 
tary, C.  A.  Licklider  ;  Assistant  Secretary,  Walter  M.  Williams  ;  Su- 
perintendent of  Gymnasium,  Prof  Wyndham  Robertson  ;  Directors: 
R.  T.  Aunspaugh,  N.  C.  Manson,  Jr.,  M.  H.  Payne,  F.  T.  Lee,  J.  T. 
Yates  and  Charles  W.  Button. 

The  Reading  Room  is  well  supplied  with  a  fine  class  of  daily  and 
weekly  newspapers,  magazines  and  other  periodicals.  It  is  open  to 
all,  whether  members  of  the  Association  or  not,  and  a  hearty  wel- 
come is  extended  to  all  visitors — especially  to  strangers  in  the  City. 
To  members  alone,  and  their  invited  guests,  V^elong  the  privilege  of 
the  parlor,  chess  room  and  smoking  room,  educational  classes,  gym- 
nasium with  instruction,  and  admission  to  the  monthly  entertainments. 

The  membership  has  now  grown  to  five  hundred  and  forty-five, 
and  is  univer.sally  admitted  to  be  of  immense  benefit  not  only  to  the 
individual  members  but  also  to  the  morale  of  the  City  generally. 

On  November  4th,  1886,  the  building  was  formally  opened,  and 
the  occasion  was  marked  by  an  eloquent  and  impressive  address  by 
the  Mayor  of  the  City,  Mr.  N.  C.  Mansion,  Jr.,  before  a  large  and  en- 
thusiastic audience,  and  by  Capt.  L.  L.  Marks,  of  Petersburg. 


NEW  BUILDING  OF  THE  YOUNG  MEN'S  CHKISTIxiN  ASSOCIATION. 


164  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

MILITAKY  ORGANIZATIONS. 

THE  LYNCHBURG  HOME  GUARD. 

This  Company  was  organized  on  November  8th,  1859,  ^"*^  '^  the 
cnly  one  still  surviving  in  Lynchburg  whose  history  antedates  the 
war.  Its  original  officers  were:  Captai?i,  Samuel  Garland,  Jr. ;  First 
Lieutenant,  K.  Otey ;  Second  Lieiiteiiant,  M.  N.  Moorman  ;  Third 
Lieutenant,  John  G.  Meem,  Jr. ;  Fourth  Lieutenant,  Samuel  M.  Simp- 
son. 

On  the  23rd  of  April,  1861,  the  Home  Guard — loi  .strong — left 
Lynchburg,  by  order  of  the  Governor  of  Virginia,  and  were  mus- 
tered into  the  service  of  the  State  on  the  following  day  at  Richmond. 

The  War  Record  of  the  Company  shows  that  it  was  engaged  in 
the  following  battles,  affairs  and  skirmishes,  namely  :  Bull  Run,  Va. , 
July  18,  1861  ;  Manassas,  Va.,  July  21,  1861  ;  Drainesville,  Va., 
December  19,  1861  ;  Warrenton  Junction,  Va. ,  March  12,  1862  ; 
Yorktown,  Va.,  April  1862;  Williamsburg,  Va.,  May  5,  1862; 
Seven  Pines,  Va. ,  May  31,  1862  ;  Frazier's  Farm,  Va.,  June  30,  1862; 
Second  Battle  of  Manas.sas,  Va.,  August  31,  1862  ;  Boonsboro',  Md., 
September  14,  1862  ;  Sharpsburg,  Md.,  September  17,  1862  ,  Suffolk 
or  White  Marsh,  Va.,  April  30,  1863  ;  Gettysburg,  Pa.,  July  3,  1863  ; 
Fredericksburg,  Va.,  December  13,  1863;  Plymouth,  N.  C,  April 
18,  1864;  Drury's  Bluff,  Va.,  May  16,  1864;  Cold  Harbour,  Va., 
June  I  to  15,   1864;  Clay  House,  Va.,  June  16  and    17,   1864;   Deep 

Bottom  or  Nine  Mile  Road,  Va.,   ,   Chesterfield   Line,  Va., 

Winter  of  1864-5  ;  Ford's  Depot,  Va. ,  March  30,  1865  ;  Dinwiddie 
Court  House,  Va. ,  March  31,  1865  ;  Five  Forks,  Va.,  April  i,  1865; 
.Sailors  Creek,  Va.,  April  6,  1865. 

It  will  be  seen  by  the  above  that  the  Home  Guard  was  a  figJiting 
Company  from  first  to  last,  and  this  is  still  further  evidenced  by  the 
fact  that,  including  members  who  joined  and  recruits  who  followed 
after  the  Company  was  mustered  into  service,  forty-four  of  its  num- 
ber were  killed  or  died  from  wounds,  six  died  in  the  service  of  dis- 
ease, twenty-seven  were  severely  wounded  and  thirty-three  wounded 
but  not  seriously. 

The  Company  furnished  to  the  Confederate  States  Army  during 
the  war  thirty-four  officers,  as  follows  :  One  Brigadier  General,  two 
Colonels,  four  Majors,  thirteen  Captains  and  fourteen  Lieutenants. 

The  present  officers  of  the  Lynchburg  Home  Guard  are  : 
K.  Otey,  Captain,  John  D.  Oglesby,  4th  Sergeant, 

E.  A.  Biggers,  ist  Lieutenant,        W.  N.  Turner,  5th  (or  color)  " 
John  H.  Moore,  2nd  "  W.  C.    Caldwell,   i.st  Corporal  and 

F" rank  C.  Scruggs,  Junior  2d  Lieut.  Acting  Q.  M.  S. 

P.  T.  Withers,  Jr.,  ist  Sergeant,     William  J.  Seabury,  2nd  Corporal, 
J,  L.  McKinney,  2nd  "  McC.  Wade,  3rd  Corporal, 

Thomas  Clay  tor,  3rd  "  John  C.  Shearer,  4th  Corporal. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS    TRADE.  l6$ 

THE  LYNCHBURG  LIGHT  ARTILLERY  BLUES. 

This  battery  was  organized  on  May  5th,  1877.      Its  original  officers 
were  :    Captain,    Frank   T.    Lee  ;   First  Lieutenant,  William   N.   Well- 
ford  ;   Second  Lientetiant,    Mosby   H.    Payne  ;    Third  Lientenant,  Wm 
H.  Dudley. 

In  1882  the  battery  went  to  Baltimore  to  take  part  in  the  great 
"  Oriole  "  festival.  During  the  grand  procession  they  acted  as  escort 
to  "Lord  Baltimore"  and  received  two  beautiful  markers' flags,  as 
first  prize  lor  best  appearance  on  parade,  presented  by  the  Oriole 
Committee  and  a  Committee  from  the  ist  Maryland  Regiment. 

Its  present  officers  are  : 
Robert  D.  Yancey,  Captain,  F.  P.  Johnson,  4th  Serg't  (Guidon) 

Samuel  H.  Dillon,  ist  Lieutenant   John  A.    Davis,  O.  M.  " 
Alfred  A.  MuUan,  2nd  "  James  B.  Gregory,   ist  Corporal 

Thomas  E.  Craddock,  3rd  "  H.  A.  Southall,  2nd 

James  S.  Dudley,  ist  Sergeant        R.  L.  Poindexter,  3rd  " 

J.  F.  Spencer,  2nd  "  H.  A.  Hawkins,  4th  " 

W.  A.  Taylor,  3rd 

THE  LIGHT  ARTILLERY  BLUES.  JUNIOR, 

(formerly  the  LYNCHBURG  ZOUAVES), 

were  organized  on  August  25th,  1884,  with  J.  D.  Clark  as  Captain. 
In  the  fall  of  1886  they  reorganized  and  became  affiliated  with  the 
Lynchburg  Light  Artillery  Blues,  as  a  junior  battery,  which  now 
musters  thirty-seven  youths  between  the  ages  of  fifteen  and  eighteen 
years.  They  are  thoroughly  drilled,  and  present  a  handsome  and 
military  appearance  on  parade.  The  juvenile  battery  is  officered  as 
follows  : 

Captain — J.  D.  Clark. 

First  Lieutenant — M.  C.  Jameson,  Jr. 

Second  Lieutenant — J.  L.  Well  ford. 
Junior  Second  Licjitenant — C.  Owen. 

Sergeants — ist,  Emerson  ;   2d,  Craighill  ;   3d,  Gilbert  ;  4th,  ; 

5th,  Blackford  ;  6th,  Lee. 

Corporals — (st,  McGehee  ;   2d,  Warwick  ;   3rd,  Jameson. 

Dnimmers — Jameson,  Wellford,  Blackford,  Krise. 

THE  FITZ  LEE  TROOP 

was  organized  in  April,  1885,  as  the  "Wise  Troop,"  and  was  vir- 
tually a  reorganization  of  the  original  troop  of  that  name  which  mu.s- 
tered  into  the  service  of  the  State  at  the  beginning  of  the  Civil  War, 
and  was  disbanded  at  its  close.  The  name  of  the  troop  was  changed 
last  year,  as  above,  in  honor  of  the  present  Governor  of  Virginia,  the 
dashing  and  gallant  Cavalry  General,  Fitzhugh  Lee,  and  by  his  per- 


1 66  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

mission.  The  original  officers  of  the  troop  were:  Captain,  V>.  W. 
Bocock  ;  First  Lieutenant,  A.  S.  Payne  ;  Seeond  Lieutenant,  Joseph  B. 
Page  ;  Thirel  LJeutenant,  Jacob  Shaner.  Capt.  Bocock  resigned  after 
servdng  a  year  and  was  succeeded  by  Captain  Payne  who,  in  turn,  re- 
signed on  April   3rd,  1887. 

The  present  officers  of  the  Fitz  Lee  Troop  are  : 
Joseph  B.  Page,  Captain,  C.  R.  Vest,  5th  Sergeant 

B.  W.  Bocock,   1st  Lieutenant         A.  Hauser,  color 
Thomas  Smith,  2nd         *"  H.W.  Baker,  Q.  M.  " 

W.  B.  Foster,  ist  Sergeant  B.  O.  Mays,   ist  Corporal 

H.  A.  Fisher,  2nd  "  R.  A.  Treavey,  2nd   " 

J.  J.  Beavers,  3rd  "  L.  D.  Creasy,  3rd       " 

J.  P.  Ackerly,  4th  "  T.  C.  Blackburn.  4th  " 

CONCLUSION. 

The  story  of  Lynchburg's  rise  and  progress  might  be  extended  in- 
definitely, and  even  then  the  half  of  its  advantages  and  attractions 
remain  untold.  But  it  is  hoped  that  those  already  enumerated  will 
prove  sufficient  to  excite  the  interest  and  curiosity  of  the  reader  who 
has  had  no  opportunity  as  yet  of  visiting  the  beautiful  "  Hill  City  " 
or  of  coming  into  personal  contact  with  its  happy,  industrious  and 
thriving  inhabitants. 

The  foregoing  sketch  is  but  an  outline-drawing  at  the  best ;  but  its 
object  has  been  to  produce  a  faithful  portrait,  rather  than  a  flattering 
pietiire,  and  it  is  now  left  to  the  intelligent  and  impartial  public  to 
decide  whether  the  work  shall  be  awarded  the  credit  of  having  hon- 
estly achieved  its  purpose,  or  be  consigned  as  a  failure  to  the  pitiful 
doom  of  perpetual  obscurity.  It  is  frankly  admitted  that  the  narra- 
tive is  sadly  deficient  in  literary  merit ;  but  as  no  claim  has  been 
made  for  it  on  that  score,  the  fear  of  adverse  criticism  has  not  alloyed 
the  gratefulness  of  the  compiler's  task. 

The  outside  world  is  here  informed,  on  the  indisputable  authority 
of  facts  and  figures,  of  the  great  natural  and  acquired  superiority  of 
our  busy  City  as  a  Commercial  and  Industrial  Centre,  where  capital 
can  alwa}'s  find  safe  and  profitable  investment,  and  where  honest  la- 
bor can  at  all  times  command  steady  and  lucrative  employment. 
The  citizens  of  Lynchburg  may  well  feel  proud  of  the  continued  and 
marked  improvement  which  their  trade  has  shown  in  all  its  branches; 
and  in  their  name  a  warm  invitation  is  extended  to  all  who  feel 
prompted  to  investigate  the  accuracy  of  the  foregoing  statements  in 
person,  with  the  promise  of  a  cordial,  old-fashioned  Virginia  welcome. 


ITS    PEOPLE   AND    ITS    TRADE.  167 

CITY  GOVERNMENT,  1887. 

OFFICERS. 

Mayor — N.  C.  Manson,  Jr. 

Treasurer — John  W.  Bransford. 

Auditor — Kirk  Otey. 

Collector  of  City  Taxes — R.  T.  Lacy. 

Covimissioner  of  the  Revenue — Charles  W.  Price. 

CommomveaWi  s  Attorney — A.  H.  Burroughs. 

City  Attorney — R.  G.  H.  Kean. 

Clerk  of  the  Courts — Samuel  D.  Preston. 

City  Sergeant — Matt.  J.  Day. 

Chief  of  Police—].  M.  Irwin. 

City  Engineer — Aug.  Forsberg. 

Superintendent  of  Water   Works — James  Allen. 

Register  of  Water  Works — Thomas  W.  Green. 

Ctty  Surveyor — L.  P.  Rodes. 

High  Constable— U  C.  Talbot ;  Deputy— "ti.  W.  F'aris. 

Coroner — Dr.  Carter  Wade. 

Clerk  of  the  Market— T.  M.  Harwood. 

Chief  Enc[i7ieer  Fire  Department — Alexander  Thurman. 

Keeper  of  Almshouse — J.  B.  McGehee. 

Physician  to  Almshouse — ^Dr.  H.  G.  Latham. 

Physician  to  the  Outside  Poor — Dr.  W.  H.  Dulaney. 

Police  Commissioners — D.  C.  Guy,  S.  M.  McCorkle  and  W.  L. 
Moorman. 

Board  of  Health— Tfrs.  T.  L.  Walker,  G.  W.  Thornhill  and  A.  I. 
Clark. 

Overseers  of  the  Poor — Dr.  W.  H.  Dulaney  (President),  Clinton  De 
Witt,  Richard  Matthews,  S.  W.  Younger  and  N.  B.  Floyd. 

Boa?'d  of  Fire  Commissioners — G.  W.  Smith  (President),  W.  H. 
Snead  and  E.  C.  Hamner. 

Superintendent  of  Public  Schools — Edward  C.  Glass. 

Board  of  School  Trustees—^.  L.  Miller  (President),  J.  T.  Taylor, 
Thomas  H.  Early,  W.  A.  Miller,  Camillus  Christian,  Jacob  H.  Frank- 
lin, J.  B.  Winfree,  J.  L.  Thompson  and  W.  B.  Snead. 


1 68  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

COMMON  COUNCIL. 

President — John  W.  Carroll. 

Clei'k — Carter  Glass. 

First  Ward  Coiincilnien — George  M.  Jones,  James  I.  Lee,  W.  F. 
Mathews,  P.  A.  Krise  and  John  P.  Pettyjohn. 

Second  Ward  CouJicilvien — John  W.  Carroll,  Peter  J.  Otey,  James 
W.  Dickerson,  Louis  P.  Shaner  and  J.  D.  Sullivan. 

Third  Ward  Councilmen — John  D.  Holt,  Richard  L.  Miller,  Dr. 
W.  T.  Walker,  Henry  Edwards  and  Jefferson  Anderson. 

JUSTICES  OF  THE  PEACE. 

First  Ward — S.  R.  Wortham,  J.  B.  Crenshaw,  W.  B.  P'reeman  and 
E.  W.  Jones. 

Second  Wafd — F.  D.  Johnson   and  John  Kelly.     (Two  vacancies.) 
Tki7-d   Ward — J.  W.  Breathed  and  W.  B.  Snead.      (Two  vacancies.) 

CITY  COURTS. 

Corporation  Court — Judge,  Charles  P.  Latham  ;  Clerk,  Samuel  D. 
Preston. 

Circuit  Court — Judge,  J.  D.  Horseley  ;  Clerk,  Samuel    D.  Preston. 
Police  Court— Mdiy or,  N.  C.  Manson,  Jr.;  Clerk,  P.  V.  Ford. 

UMTED  STATES   OFFICERS. 

COURTS. 

(meet    in    march    and    SEPTEMBER.) 

District  Court— ]\xdgG,  John  Paul ;  Clerk,  W.  M.  Elliott ;  Deputy 
Clerk,  VV.  B.  Tinsley. 

Circuit  Court— ]\xdge,  Hugh  L.  Bond  ;  Clerk,  W.  M.  p:iliott  ; 
Deputy  Clerk,  W.  B.  Tinsley. 

UNITED  STATES  POST  OFFICE. 

Postjuaster — T.  D.  Jennings. 

Assista?it  Postmaster — T.  D.  Davis. 

Stamp  Clerk — Robert  Strother. 

Register  Clerk — J.  A.  Bass. 

Money   Order  Clerk — T.  D.  Davis. 

Delivery  Clerk — J.  C.  Kinnier. 

Distributing    Clerk—].  D.  Murrell,  Jr. 

Mailing  Clerk — J.  S.  Nicholas. 

Superintendent  of  City  Delivery — W.   J.  Seabury. 

UNITED  STATES  SIGNAL  OFFICE. 
Sergeant  in  Charge — T.  F.  Schley. 


ITS    PEOPLE    AND    ITS   TRADE. 


169 


UNITED  STATES  INTERNAL  REVENUE  OFFICE. 

Deputy  Collecttv'-in-Char^c — J.  Risque  Hutter. 
Dep2ity  Collectors — L.  P.  Rodes  and  Charles  F.  Byrne. 
Clerk — N.  F.  Featherston. 
District  Deputy — John  Whitehead. 
Ganger — James  McDaniel. 

LIST  OF  PRESIDENTS  OF  THE  COMMON  COUNCIL. 


[Note. — Owing  to  the  loss  of  the  earliest  Record  Book  of  the 
Council,  the  names  of  its  presiding  officers  from  1805,  when  the  Town 
of  Lynchburg  was  first  incorporated,  to  181 1,  are  not  known.] 


Prom  1811  to  1817— William  Davis. 

"  1817  to  18IS— Robert,  Morris. 

"  1818  to  1830— William  Norvell. 

'•  1820  to  1822— William  Davis,  Jr. 

"  1822  to  1832— John  Thurmati. 

"  1832  to  1841— Smitlison  H.  Davis. 

"  1841  to  1850— John  M.  Otey. 

"  1800  to  1865— John  M.  Speed. 


From  1865  to  I866— Lorenzo  Norvell. 
"     1866  to  1868— A.  B.  Rucker. 
"     1868  to  1870— John   Boisseau,    (mili- 
tary appointee. ) 
"     1870  to  1871— W.  M.  «lack. 
'^     1871  to  1872— John  Robin  McDaniel. 
'*     1872  to  1887— John  W,  Can-oil. 


THE  MAYORS  OF  LYNCHBURG. 


As  a  matter  of  interest  to  the  reader,  the  following  list  of  the  Chief 
Magistrates  of  the  City,  in  the  order  of  their  succession,  is  given: 


1806  John  Wiatt, 

1807  Roderick  Taliaferro, 

1808  Samnel  J.  Harrison, 

1809  John  Lynch,  Jr., 

1810  M.  Lambert, 

1811  John  Schoolfield. 

1812  James  Stewart, 

1813  Robert  Morris, 

1814  Samuel  J.  Harrison, 

1815  James  Stewart, 

1816  John  M.  Gordon, 

1817  Samuel  J.  Harrison, 

1818  William  Morgan, 

1819  James  Stewart, 

1820  John  Thurman, 

1821  Mieajah  Davis, 

1822  John  Hancock, 

1823  Thomas  A.  Holcombe, 

1824  Albon  McDaniel, 

1825  John  Victor, 

1826  Albon  McDaniel, 

1827  Christopher  Winfree, 

1828  Albon  McDaniel, 

1829  Ammon  Hancock, 

1830  Elijah  Fletcher, 

1831  John  R.  D.  Payne, 
1833  Elijah  Fletcher, 
1833  John  M.  Warwick, 


1834  Henry  M.  Didlake, 

1835  Samuel  J.  Wiatt, 

1836  Pleasant  Labby, 

1837  Ammon  Hancock, 

1838  Martin  W.  Davenport, 

1839  John  R.  D.  Payne, 

1840  Samuel  Nowlin, 

1841  Ammon  Hancock, 
J  842  Henrv  M.  Didlake, 

1843  Edwin  Mathews, 

1844  David  W.  Burton, 

1845  M.   Hart, 

1646  Henry  M.  Didlake. 

1847  Daniel  J.  Warwick, 

1848  Henry  0.  Schoolfield, 

1849  Edwin  Mathews, 

1850  Henry  M.  Didlake, 

1851  William  D.  Branch, 

18G9  Albon  McDaniel,  [military  appointee, 
served  previously  as  Mayor  in  1824, 
1826  and  1828.] 

1870  James  M.  Cobbs, 

1872  George  H.  Burch, 

1876  Samuel  A.  Bailey, 

1880  Samuel  G.  Wingtield, 

1882  A.  H.  Pettigrew, 

1884  N.  C.  Manson,  Jr.,  the  present  incum- 
bent. 


1  JO  SKETCH  BOOK  OF  LYNCHBURG,  VA.  ; 

GUIDE  TO  THE  CHURCHES. 

PROTESTANT  EPISCOPAL. 

St.  PanV s — Rev.  T.  M.  Carson,  Rector.  Corner  of  Church  and 
Seventh  Streets. 

Grace  Memorial — Rev.  J.  H.  Wilh'ams,  Rector.  Corner  of  Grace 
and  Sixteenth  Streets,  Diamond  Hill. 

Christ— ^ft\.  J.  H.  Williams,  Rector.      Cabell  Street,  Daniel's  Hill. 

Epiphany — No  Rector.  Occasional  services.  Salem  Turnpike, 
near  Fair  Grounds. 

CATHOLIC. 

Churcli  of  the  Holy  Cross — Rev.  J.  J.  McGuirk,  Priest  in  charge. 
Corner  of  Clay  and  Seventh  Streets. 

PRESBYTERIAN. 

first— K^v.  W.  T  Hall,  D.  D.,  Pastor.  Main  Street,  between 
Twelfth  and  Thirteenth. 

Second — Rev.  J.  M.  Rawlings,  Pastor.  Corner  of  Church  and 
Ninth  Streets. 

TJiird — Rev.  James  R.  Crews,  Pastor.      Cabell  Street,  Daniel's  Hill. 

West  End  Chapel — Rev.  J.  M.  Rawlings,  Pastor.  Park  Avenue, 
near  P'air  Grounds. 

mp:thodist  episcopal. 

Court  Street — Rev.  P.  A.  Peterson,  Pastor.  Corner  of  Court  and 
Seventh  Streets. 

Centenary — Rev.  H.  C.  Cheatham,  Pastor.  Church  Street  near 
Eleventh. 

Memorial — Rev.  John  Hannon,  D.  D.,  Pastor.  Corner  of  Floyd 
and  Ninth  Streets. 

DanieVs  Hill — Rev.  W.  A.  Langhorne,  Pastor.  Cabell  Street, 
Daniel's  Hill. 

Trinity  Chapel — Rev.  H.  C.  Cheatham,  Pastor.  Grace  Street,  near 
Presbyterian  Cemetery. 

METHODIST  PROTESTANT. 

First — Rev.  T.  E.  Coulbourn,  Pastor.      Church  Street,  near  Eighth, 

City   Alms  House — Rev.  S.  J.  Liggan,   Pastor.      Corner  of  Federal 

and  Hollins  Streets.     Services  on  the  second  Sunday  of  each  month. 

BAPTIST. 

first — Rev.  W.  R.  L.  Smith,  D.  D.,  Pastor.  Corner  of  Court  and 
Eleventh  Streets. 

Second — Rev.  R.  R.  Acree,  Pastor.  Corner  of  Floyd  and  Eleventh 
Streets. 


CONTENTS. 


Page. 


Part  I.— DESCRIPTIVE 5 

Part  II.— HISTORICAL 51 

Part  III.— COMMERCIAL  AND  GENERAL 129 


GENERAL  SUBJECTS. 


Page 

"  Advance,'' The  Lynchburjr 159 

Agriculture 8 

Blue  Ridfie  Region,  The 12 

Banks  and  Bankers 149 

Books,  Stationery,  &c , ..   151 

Campbell  County  set  apart 57 

Cereals 39 

Chamber  of  Commerce,  The  129 

Churches.  Guide  to  The 170 

City  Government 167 

Climate 7 

Commercial  Growth 34 

Commercial  and  General 129 

Conclusion KiO 

Descriptive 5 

Division  of  Virginia   into  Shires 55 

Drugs  and  Chemicals 150 

Dry  Goods,  Notions,   &c 155 

Early  Days 51 

Education 33 

Financial 31 

First   Reservoir  and  Water  Works. .   100 

Fitz  Lee  Troop,  The 105 

Forest  Growth 9 

Forty-five  Years  Ago 59 

Fruit    Culture 40 

Furniture 153 

Game  and   Hunting 39 

Golden    Opportunities 37 

Grazing   Lands 43 

Grocers  and  Commission  Merchants. .   152 

Guide  to  the  Churches 170 

Historical 51 

Hotels  and  Boarding  Houses 33  149 

Hygiene 11 

Industrial  7\.d  vantages 6 


Page 

Introductory 5 

Iron  Works,  Foundries,  &c 150 

James  River  and  Kanawha  Canal. . . .  102 

James  River  Valley,  The 45 

"  Labor  Record,"  The  Weekly 160 

Local    Industries 35 

Local  Press,  The 158 

Lynchburg  Agricultural  and  Mechani- 
cal  Society,    The 145 

Lynchburg  Fair,  The 33 

Lynchburg  Female  Orphan  Asylum..  103 
Lynchburg,  Halifax  and  North  Caro- 
lina Railroad 134 

Lynchburg  Home  Guard,  The  164 

Lynchburg  Light  Artillery  Blues.  The  165 
Lynchburg    Light    Artillery    Blues, 

Junior,  The 165 

Lynchburg  ToV)acco  Association,  The.  130 

"Lynch    Law" 63 

March   to   Lynchburg  and  pursuit  of 

Hunter Ill 

Marshall  Lodge  Home  and  Retreat. .  160 

Mayors  of  Lynchburg 169 

Military  Organizations 164 

Minerals 10 

Miscellaneous    Trades 155 

Municipal 85 

'•  News"  The  Lynchburir 159 

Norfolk  &  Western  Railroad 133- 

Presidents  of  Common  Council 169 

Public  Improvements 13 

Railroads 11 

Restored  Peace 134 

Richmond  &  Alleghany  Rail  Road. .  133 

Scenery 6 

Slavery  and  Tobacco 73 


1/2 


CONTENTS. 


ras;e 

Statistical  Review— 1868  to  1888. .. .  140 

Summer  Resort? 39 

Tobacco 136 

Transportation 132 

United  States  Officers 108 

Various 49 


Page 

Virginia  Midland  Railway 132 

'•  Viririnian,"  The  Lynchburg  158 

War  "Between  the  States,  The 107 

Water    Power 33 

W  earing  Apparel 154 

YM  C  A 161 


ILLUSTRATIONS. 


Baptist  Church,   (First) 135 

Biggers  Public  School   Building 35 

Bridge,  Sixth  St  and  Union  Depot...  .  9 

Button,  Charles  W,  Residence  of 143 

Carroll,  John  W's  Tobacco  Factory   .  127 

Carroll,  John  W's  residence 45 

Church  Street,  Residences  on 143 

Church  of  the  Holy  Cross  (R.  C.) 121 

City  Hall  and  Court  House 69 

City  Re.«ervcirs .  121 

"  City  View,"  Residence  of  Samuel  B 

Rucker Ill 

Cohn,   Joseph's   Clothing    Establish- 
ment   17 

Cohn,  Joseph,  Residence  of 153 

College  Hill  Reservoir 31 

Confederate  Soldiers'  Monument 139 

Court  Street,  looking  Nortliwest 01 

Couit  Street  Methodist  Church 43 

Court  Street,  Residences  on 05 

Craighill,  DrE  A,  Residence  of 05 

Craigliill,  R  T,  Residence  of 05 

Faulkner  &  Craighill's  Drug  Store...  23 

Faulkner,  John    W,  Residence  of 87 

Firemen's  Memorial  Fountain 13 

First  Baptist  Church 135 

First  Presbyterian  Church 85 

Garland's  Hill  and  Blaekwater  Creek.  47 
General  view  of  Lynchburg.   Frontispiece 

Hillsnian  &  IMyers'  Clothing  Store....  89 

.Holt,  John  D,  Residence  of 131 

Johnson.  F  D  &  Son's  Jewelry  Store.  29 

Krise,  P  A,  Residence  of 

Langhorne,  Dr  D  A,  Residence  of... 

Lee,  James  I's  residence 

"  Lone  Jack"  Birthplace   of 

•■•Lone  Jack"  Tobacco  Works 137 

Lynchburg  Agricultural  and  Mechani- 
cal Society  (grounds  of) 145-117 

Lynchburg,  Bird's-eye  view  of 19 

Lynchburg  Female  Orphan  Asylum.  .  105 


77 
143 


o-; 


Page 
Lynchburg  Furniture  Company,  New 

Building  of 117 

Lynchburg  Iron  Co's  Blast  Furnace.  109 
Lynchburg  Marble  and  Granite  Wk's, 

'(J  I  Van  Ness,  Proprietor) l23 

Lynchburg's  First  Tobacco  Factory. .  49 

"  Lynchburg  Virginian"  Building  of.  27 

McCorkle.  MrsS  B.  Residence  of 91 

Main  Street,  from  Eleventh  (N  W)...  55 

Main  Street.  View  on 83 

Methodist   Episcopal   Church,  (Court 

Street)' 43 

Ninth  Street  and  Amherst  Heights...  53 

Norvell-Arlington   House,  The 37 

Old  Market  House,  The 59 

Old  Quaker  Meeting  House,  Ruins  of.  15 

Peoples  National  Bank 97 

Porter's  Lodge  (of  Lynchburg  Female 

Orphan  Asylum).  ! 103 

Presbyterian  Cliurch  (First) 85 

Rucker,  S  R,  Residence  of Ill 

Schaefer,  Edmund,  Residence  of 25 

Silverthorn.  H's  Jewelry  Store 119 

Sixth  St  Bridge  and  Union  Depot 9 

St.  Paul's  (Prot.  Epis.)  Church 71 

Thompson,  J  L's  Furniture  Store....  99 

Tobacco  (bagging) 128 

Tobacco  (granulating) 120 

Tobacco  (kiln-drying) 126 

Tobacco  (seasoning)  128 

Tobacco  (sorting) 125 

U  S  Court  House  and  Post  Office 41 

Van   Ness,  J  l's  Marble  and  Granite 

Works 123 

Va  Nail  &  Iron  Wk's  Co,  Property  of.  75 
Water     Works   Dam    and    "  Lover's 

Leap" 63 

Williams,  James  T,  Residence  of 95 

Witt  &  Wat  kins'  Hoot  &  Shoe  House.  101 

Wren,  \\'    H,  Residence  of 113 

YMC  A.  Building  of 103 


ANHOUNCEMENTS. 


Page 

Adams,  1  H,  Vice-President 02 

Advance  Printing  and  Publishing  Co.     08 

Almond,  C  H 00 

Armistead  &  Steptoe 38 


Page 

Baehe,  W  K,  General  Agent 32 

Blackford,  Chas  M,  President 96 

Boyd,  Samuel  A 128 

Brown,  F  C 20 


CONTENTS. 


173 


Pa^e 

Brown,  W  N 94 

Burkholder,  R  C  &  Son 86 

Barrouglis,  AH..  90 

Business  College ...  38 

Butler  Bros 94 

Button.  Chas  P  &  Joseph,  Propr's....  93 

Carroll,  John  W 135 

Chesapeake  &  Ohio  Railroad 100 

Christian,  Camillus,  Cashier 63 

Clark,  James,  President 70 

Clark,  J  R  Pres't.  and  Gen.  Manager.  36 

Cohn,  Joseph 16 

Coleman,  G  A  &  Co 86 

Craddock,  Thomas  E 90 

Dawson   &  Adams  Box  Manf'g  Co... .  44 

Doherty  &  Fortune 56 

Diuguid,  G  A  &  Son 90 

Dunsmore's  Business  College 84 

Edwards,  John  T,  Agent 116 

Edwards,  J  W 86 

Elliott  &  Doss 110 

Excelsior  Livery   and  Sale  Stables... .  110 

Faulkner  &  Crak^hill 33 

First  National   Bank 30 

Ford,  Wm  H 88 

Franklin,  Jacob  H  &  Sons 76 

FuUarton,  A.  Secretary  ^^nd  Treas'r.  108 

Fuller,  H   W.  Gen'l  Pass'r  Agent... .  106 

Gills  &  Anderson 44 

Goodman,  R  R 66 

Grubb,  E  Burd,  President 108 

Hamilton  Bros 38 

Haythe  &  Sehorn 70 

Hefiernan,  Wm   A 133 

Hill,  J  R 60 

Hillsman  &  Myers 88 

Holt,  Schaefer  &  Co 34 

Hutter,  Ed  S,  Manager 108 

Ivey,  J  W,  Cashier 96 

Johnson,  P  D  &  Son 38 

Johnson.  W   0 84 

Jones,  Geo  M,  President 63 

Jones,  John  W 88 

Jones,  T  C,  General  Manager 74 

Jones,  W  B&Co 108 

Kinckle,  F  A 33 

Khinier,  John  H 70 

Lavinder.  NH 60 

Lee&Co 56 

Lee,  P  A 84 

Lewis,  John  H 60 

'"Lone  Jack" 135 

"Lone  Jack''  Cigarette  Co,  The 46 

Lynch   House 80 

•'Lynchburg  Advance,"  The 68 

Lynchburg  Box  Co 56 

Lynchburg  Fertilizer  Co 114 

Lynchburg  Furniture  Co 116 

Lynchburg  Ice  and  Refrigerator  Co .  76 


Page 

Lynchburg  Iron  Co's  Blast  Furnace  108 

Lynchburg  Marble  and  Granite  Wk's.  133 

Lynchburg  National  Bank  70 

"Lynchburg  News,"  The 48 

"Lynchburg  Virginian,"  The   2Q 

McCormick  Harvesting  Machine  Co...  83 

McCorkle.  Southall  &  Co .. .  54 

McDonald.  Alex.,  Editor  and  Sec'y..  26 

Mclver,  DR 38 

Mallan  Bros 23 

Mallan,  John  J  &  Bro 33 

Merriam,  G  and  C  &  Co,  Publishers...  96 

National  Exchange  Bank 63 

Newport  News  &  Mississipi)i  Val'y  Co.  106 

Norvell-Arlington   House,  The 36 

Nowlin,  S   W&  Co 70 

Otey,  Peter  J,  Cashier 70 

Otey,  Peter  J,  Treasurer 76 

Payne,  John  M 86 

Peoples   National  Bank 96 

Pettyjohn    &  Marshall,  Proprietors...  80 

Plecker,  A    H 98 

Pollock,  Edward,  Publisher 96 

Robinson,  Tate  &  Co 60 

Ross.  BE 73 

Rucker&  Barnett 110 

Schaefer,  E,  President 46.74     76 

Seay,  W  M 84 

Shaner,  Jacob 98 

Shaner,  J  Phil 86 

Shaner,  Louis  P 38 

Silverthorn,   H 118 

Slaughter,  John  F,  President 30 

Southern  Jewelry  House 38 

Strother,  W  A  &  Son 44 

Suter,  John  D  &  Co 34 

Talley,  Allen  W,  Cashier  30 

Terry,  R  is.  Proprietor 36 

Thompson,  J  L. 98 

Thurman,  R  W 63 

Timberlake.  Jackson  &  Co 84 

"  Virginian"  Job  Printing  House 93 

Va  Nail  and    Iron  Works  Company...  74 

Van  Ness,  J  1 133 

Waddill,  A,  Publisher 48 

Watts,  JD 43 

Webster's  Unabridged  Dictionary...  96 

Williams,  James  T,  Son  &  Co 94 

Williams,  J  P,  Sec'y  and  Treasurer. .  74 

Williams,  Th.  N 90 

Wilson,  W  V,  Jr 38 

Winfree,  Adams  &  Loyd 78 

Wingfield,  Samuel  G 90 

Winston,  J  H  C,  Son  &  McGehee 20 

Witt&  Watkins 83 

Wrieht  &  Craighill 114 

Wright,  R  H,  Manager 46 

Wysor,  W  W,  Associate  Editor 36 

Yancey,  Robert  D 84 


174 


CONTENTS. 


ANNCUNCEMENTS-CLASSIFIED. 


Page 
Agricultural  Implements,  &c. 

Ford,  Win  H 88 

McCormick  Harvesting  Machine  Co..  32 

Architects. 

Burkholder,  R  C  &  Son 86 

Attorneys-at-Law. 

Burroughs,  A  H 90 

Haythe   &  Sehorn 70 

Lewis,  John  H 60 

Payne,  John  M 86 

Wingfield,  Samuel  G 90 

Williams,  Th.  N 90 

Wilson,  W  V,  Jr 38 

Yancey,  Robert  D 84 

Axle  Grease. 

Brown,  F  C 30 

Bacon  and  Btilh  Meats. 

Franklin,  Jacob  H  &  Sons 70 

Baled  Forage. 

Kinnier,  John  11 70 

Lee  &  Co 56 

MallanBros 22 

Banjo  and    Violin  Strings. 

Jones,  W  B  &  Co 108 

Banlis, 

First  National   Bank 3o 

Lynciiburg  National  Hank 7o 

National  Exchange  Bank 63 

Peoples  National  Bank 90 

Blast  -Furnace. 

Ijynchburg  Iron  Co,  The 108 

Booksellers  and  Stationers. 

Suter,  John  D  &  Co 24 

Boots  and  Shoes — Wholesale. 

Witt  &  Watkins 82 

Boots,  Shoes,  &c. 

Coleman,  G  A  &  Co 86 

Gills  &  Anderson 44 

Kinckle,   FA 32 

Brokers — Leaf  Tohacco. 

Edwards,  John  T,  Agent 116 

Builders"  Materials. 

Ro.ss,  E  E 72 

Business  Colleges. 

Dunsmore's  Business  College 84 

Melver,  DR 38 


Butchers. 


Page 

.  98 
.  86 
.     38 


Shaner,  Jacob 

Shaner,  J  Phil 

Shaner,  Louis  P 

Canned    Goods 

Franklin,  Jacob  H  &  Sons 76 

Carpenters,  Builders,  &c. 

Hamilton  Bros 38 

Ross.  E  E 73 

Seay,  W  M 84 

Cattle  Brokers. 

Shaner.  Jacob 98 

Shaner,  J   Pliil  86 

Shaner,  Louis  P 38 

Cement,  1/ime,  Plaster,  die. 

Mallan  Bros 23 

Cigarette  Manufacturers. 

"  Lone   Jack"  Cigarette  Co,  The 46 

Cigars,  Tobacco,  &c. 

Johnson.  W  0...; 84 

Lavinder,  N  H  60 

McCorkle,   Southall  &  Co 54 

Clothing. 

Cohn,  Joseph 16 

Hillsman  &  Myers 88 

Coal  and  Wood. 

Kinnier,  John  H 70 

Mallan  Bros 33 

Coffees,  Teas,  Sugars,  &c. 

Franklin,  Jacob  H  &  Sons 76 

Johnson,   WO 84 

McCorkle,  Southall  &  Co 54 

Commission  Merchants —  General 

Franklin,  Jacob  H  &  Sons 76 

Lee  &Co 56 

Nowlin,  S  W  &  Co 70 

Robinson,  Tate  &  Co 60 

Williams.  James  T,  Sons  &  Co 94 

Commission  Merchants — Leaf  Tobacco. 

Rucker  &  Barnett,. 110 

Confectioneries    and   Fancy    Groceries — 
Wholesale. 

Brown.  W  N 94 

Confectioneries  and  Fruits. 

Boyd,  Samuel  A 138 

Johnson,  W  0 84 

Lavinder,  N  H 60 

McCorkle, Southall  &Co 54 


CONTENTS. 


Confrnrfors  ami  Buihhra. 

Ilainilton   Bros '^S 

Ford.  Win   11 88 

Uoss,  E  I-: 72 

Stay,  W  M 84 

Cntltrtj. 

Watts,JD 42 

Den  lists. 

Cniddock.  Thomas  E 90 

Hill,  J  R <iO 

Lee,  P  A...... 84 

Designing  and  Engraving. 

Johnson,  F  D  &  Son 28 

Silverthoni.  II 118 

Suter,  John  D  &  Co 84 

Watts,  J  D 42 

Dictionary. 

Webster's  Unubridtred 9<> 

Drngs,  Metlicines,  t£-c. 

Faulkner  &  Crai-hill 22 

Strother.  W  A  &  Son 44 

Dry  (roods  and  Notions. 

Mallan.  John  J  &  Bro 22 

Electric   Bdls  and  Macliinery. 

Thunmui.  K  W 02 

Fancy  Art  teles. 

Johnson,  F  D  &  Son 28 

Silverthorn.   II 118 

Watts,  J  D 42 

Fertilizer  di  Insecticide,  Manufrs  of 

Lynehluirir  Fertilizer  Co 114 

W'right  &  Craighill 114 

Flour,  d-c. 

Lee&fo m 

MeCorkle,  Southall  &  Co .■i4 

Nowlin,  S  W  &  Co..    70 

Fruits  and  Confectionery. 

Bo vd.  Samuel  A 128 

Johnson,  WO 84 

Lavinder,  N  H    (30 

MeCorkle,  Soutliall  &  Co 54 

Furn  ish  ing  (roods — Gentlemen  s. 

Cohn.   Joseph 16 

Hillsman  &  Myers 88 

Furniture.  &c. 

Lynchburg  Furniture  Co,  The 110 

Thompson.  J  L 98 

Winston,  J  II  C,  Son  &  McGehee 20 

Groceries —  Wholesale. 

Franklin.  Jacob  U  &  Sons 76 

Lee  &  Co 56 

Nowlin.  S  W  &  Co 70 

Robinson,  Tate  &  Co .  60 

Williams.  James  T,  Son  &  Co 94 

Groceries,  d-c. 

Johnson.  WO 84 

Lavinder,  N  H 60 

MeCorkle.  Southall  &  Co 54 

MaJlan,  John  J  &  Bro 2.8 


1/5 


Paoe 


/fats  and  Gaps —  Wholesale. 

Almond,  C  11 00 

Hats,   Caps.  d-c. 

Cohn,  Joseph 16 

Coleman,  (r  A  &  Co «y(j 

Gills  &  Anderson  44 

Kinckle,  FA 32 

/fay.  Mill  Feed,  d-c. 

Kinnier,  John  il 70 

Lee  &  Co 50 

Mallan  Bros 22 

Jforses  and  Mules — Dealers  in 

Elliott  &  Doss.,..  110 

Jones,  John  W 88 

Hotels. 

Lynch  House SO 

Norvell-.Vrlington  House ;50 

Ice.  d-c. 

Kinnier,    John    H 70 

Lynchburg  Ice  &  RetrigeratorCo,  The     76 
Ice  Cream  Saloon. 

Boyd,  Samuel  A 128 

Intelligence  Office. 

Armistead  &  Step'toe .t 38 

//•(;/( .  Manufacturers  of  Pig 

Lynchburg  Iron   Co,  The  108 

Iron    Works. 

Va  Nail  and  Iron  Works  Co,  The 74 

Lynchburglron  Co,  The 108 

Jewelry.   Watches,    (Jlocks,  &c. 

Johnson.  KD  &  Son 28 

Silverthorn,  H 118 

Watts.  J  I) 42 

Leaf  Tobacco  Commission  Merchants. 

Rucker  &   Barnett 110 

Liniment,  dc. 

Faulkner  &  Craighill 23 

Nowlin.  S  W  &  Co 70 

Strother,  W  A  &  Son 44 

Liven/  and  Sale  Stables. 

Elliott  &  Uoss 110 

Jones,  John  W. 88 

"Lone  Jack,''  Manufacturer  of 

Carroll,  John  W 125 

Marble  and  Granite  Works. 
Lvnchburg  Marble  &  Granite  Works.   123 

Van  Ness,  J   1 123 

Mattresses,  &c. 

Lynchburg  Furniture  Co,  The I16 

Thomi)son,  J  L 98 

Winston,  J  II  C,  Son  &  ^McGehee 30 

3Iills —  Planing. 

Goodman,  R  R ()Q 

Mineral  Spri7ig  Water. 

Nowlin,  S  W  &  Co 70 

Monuments  and  Ilea/lstones. 
Lynchburg  Marble  &  Granite  Works.  133 
Van  Ness,  J   1 12i» 


'76 


CONTENTS. 


Tape 
Mt(sic(tl  Iiisfrt/t/ietifs. 
.lones,  AV  15  i^  ('<• lOK 

Va   Nail  and  Iniii   Works  Co,  The....      74 

"  Lynchltur^  Advance"'  Tlie 08 

"  Lynehhury    New>"  Tlie 48 

"Lynclil)!!!-!:  Virginian"  The '20 

Oi/s,  Turpentine,  d-c. 

Brown.  FC 20 

Franklin,  Jacob  II  &  Sons 7(i 

Optical  Goods. 

Johnson,  F  D  i>:  Son 28 

Silverthoni,  H 118 

Watts.  J  1) 42 

Pit i lifers.  House,  Sig)i  and  Carriage. 

Butler  Broi? 94 

P/iufograp/ier.s. 

Edwards.  J   \V 8C, 

Flecker,  A  H 98 

I'/oirs    and  Ca.'<tin(js. 

Ford.    Wm    11 8S 

Nowlin,  S  W  ^  Co 70 

Foinhr  and  Dynamite. 

Nowlin.  S  W  ^  Co 70 

I'rintiin/.  Book  and  Job. 

Virf,'inian  Jol>  I'rintinji  House 92 

Button,  Chas    F  c\;  Joseph 92 

Pro} I r ie lary  Med icines. 

Faulkner  &  Crai,u:hill 22 

Strother.  W  A  <k  Son 44 

Pnblisliers. 

llerriam.  G  &.  V  ic  Co 90 

Pollock,  Edward 90 

P((  i/road  Conipa n  its . 
Newport  News  and  Mississippi  Valley 

Co .....".    lUO 

Chesapeake  ^  Ohio  100 

Virginia  Midland ...    132 

Norfolk  &;  Western 18:; 

Richmond  &  Alle<,'hany jy:J 

Peal  Estate  Agents. 

Arniistead  ^:  Steptoe 3S 

Peajiers,  J/ower.v,  dec. 

McCormick   Harvestini;  Machine  Co..     32 

lioojing — Tin  and  Slate. 

Doherty  &  Fortune 50 

Rubber  Stamp  Ilunufucturer. 

Thunnan.  K  \V (;2 

Sa.sli,  Doors.  Blinds,  d-c. 

Goodman,  UK... (\(\ 

Hefrernan,  Wm  A l'^-^ 

Ross.  EE.. .';     70 

Scroll-sauing.   Turning,  d-c. 

Goodman,  R  R 

Ross,  E  E .'. 

Sexcing  Machines  and  StipiAies. 
Watts  J  D 42 


00 


Page 

Silver  and  Plated  W  art. 

Johnson,  F  D  k  .Son 28 

Silverthorn.  H  118 

Watts,  J  1) 42] 

Affair  ways  and  JVeivel  Posts. 

Heffernan,  Wm  A 122 

Ros.s,  EE 72 

Stencil  Cutter. 

Thurman.  RW 62 

Stores  and   Tinware. 

Doherty  &   Fortune 56 

Steamship  Dine. 

Ducal  Line J06 

7\i  ilors —  Merck  ant. 

Cohn,  Josei^h 16 

Hillsman   &  Myer< 88 

Terra  Cotta  Piping. 

Ford.  W^m  II 88] 

Tobacco  Brokers — Leaf. 

Edwards.  John  T,  Atrent 116 

Tobacco  Ho.res.  Cigar  Cases,  di-c. 
Diwson  &  Adams    Box  Mannfj:  Co...     44 

Gixxlman    RR 62 

LynchliuriT  Box  Co 5G 

Tobacco  Dealers — Deaf. 

Holt.  Schaelcr  &  Co ." 24  J 

Tobacco  Extract. 

Holt.  Schaefer  k  Co 24 

Tobacco  ILigslinids.  Tierces,  dire. 

Goodman.  R  R... 66 

Tobacco.  Manufactnred,  Jobbers  of 

Nov.lin.  S  W'   &  Co'. '    60 

WilJiaujs.  James  T.  S<m  &  Co 94 

Tobacco  Mannfartirrers — Plug  and  Twist. 

Timlierlake.  Jack-^on  ^:  Co 84 

Winlree.  Adams  .S:  Lo.vd 78 

Tobacra  Man  nfacturers — Smoking. 

Carroll,  John  W 125 

Winfree.  Adams &Loyd 78 

Totincco  Shapes  and  Factory  Fixtures. 
Daw.^on  ^  Adams  Box  Manufjj  Co...     44 

Lynchburg-  Box  Co 56 

Trunks.  Valises,  dr. 

Coleman.  G  A  &  Co 86 

Gills  &  Anderson 44 

Undertakers. 

DiuL-nid.  GA&   .Son ...     90  | 

Waqons  and  Bngqies — Munnfr   of 

Ford.  Wm  H \ " 88 

M'atches.  Clocks.  Jewelry,  di'C. 

Johnson.  F  I)  &  Son 28  i 

Silverthorn.  H 1^8 

Watts,   J  D 42 

Wines,    Diquors.    dec. 

Mallan,  John  J  &  Bro 22 

Wood  and  Coal.  ^ 

Kinnier.  John  H "^^  ! 

Mallan  Bros 23 


.^    .= 


vP 


^O 


V  „  .  .  '^_ 


-J*. 


o  "  •  , 


'^^ 
-^ 


'o  ^ 


,7i  « 


>P^H>. 


'^O^ 


y^^' 


''^^ 


> 


A' 


-'Z' 


v> 


•i . 


V.^^ 


^- 


^: 


*?>>   -i 

-^0* 


o  :• 


*°-*. 


■'//^ 


V 

^■^^    '  • » »     \  > 


»0' 


.5  o^      ' 

^      ..    V 

■  c 


-I 


^a 


'^'  .0> 


.0 


*Sj. 


<. 


^^ 


'-Q 


A  o. 


x'^r^ 


'^- 


'bo-. 


"l^,  • 


\^  -^  -^^^^^^  J'  %''%. 


^0^ 


^•>^  V-3<v  \'»-'/  V^^'-o'^^ 


.^^ 


\  -  ■ 


<^. 


^0' 


.*•*  "■<■ 


A  c 


V^^ 


iv 


/\i^-'y%  -^m^' J\ '-^m^ j""-^  '-'■ 


v'/-^'v.i_2si?>i 


'^^^^^    -n^-o^    :^^'    -hi^ 


.5^ 


c 


A 


vOnr 


,    I    '    »  <?.  A''  6  *    "    *    ' 


^_ 


'^-^^      A^       *; 


'V 


0  ♦jrfSWw.k'^  V? 


