11 


THREE  YEARS  AMONG  THE 
INDIANS  AND   MEXICANS 


•^c     "^ 


Redrawn  by  Miss  Martha  H.  Hoke  from  portrair 
in  Ste\ens'  Blacl:  Hank  War. 


/ 


THREE  YEARS  AMONG 
THE  INDIANS  AND 

MEXICANS 

By  GENERAL  THOMAS  JAMES 

OF  MONROE  COUNTY,   ILLINOIS 

Edited,  with  notes  and  biographical  sketches,  by 
WALTER  B.  DOUGLAS 


SAINT  LOUIS 
MISSOURI  HISTORICAL  SOCIETY 
MCMXVI 


,  •    •       • 


Of  this  book,  three  hundred  and  sixty-five  copies 

have  been  printed  from  type,  of 

which  this  copy  is 


No,  ?6/ 


Mc 


IZ^Ovim 


Copyright  1916 
By  Missouri  Historical  Society 


PRESS  OF 

NIXON- JONES  PRINTING  COMPANY 
215  Pine  Street,  Saint  Louis 


UNIV.  OF  M?-SSACHUSETrS 


CONTENTS 


CHAPTER  I. 


Introduction— Missouri  Fur  Company— Terms  of  Engagement 
with  them— Departure  for  the  Trapping  Grounds— Inci- 
dents on  the  Route— The  Pork  Meeting— Scenery— Cheek. 
A  Western  Pioneer — His  affair  with  the  Irishman — A  Hunt- 
ing Excursion — The  Rickarees — The  Mandans — The  Gros 
Ventres — The  Company's  Fort— Cheek  and  Ried — Friends 
between  the  French  and  Americans — Violation  of  Contract- 
by  Company — Departure  for  Upper  Missouri — Wintering — 
Trip  across  the  Country — Famine  and  Cold — Scenery  on  the 
Yellow  Stone— Manuel's  Fort— Col.  Menard  and  Manuel 
Liza — Indian  Murders — A  Snow  Storm  in  the  Mountains — 
Blindness— Arrival  at  the  Forks  of  the  Missouri— Prepara- 
tions   for    business ^3 

CHAPTER   II. 

Colter's  Race  and  escapes— Separation  for  trapping— Descent  of 
the  Missouri — A  fine  Landscape — Bad  luck — Alarm  from  In- 
dians— Retreat  to  the  fort — Death  of  Cheek — Pursuit  of  the 
Indians — Return — The  White  Bears — Incidents  of  hunting 
— Return  to  the  Twenty  Five  Yard  river — A  party  of  Gros- 
Ventres — Suspected  Robbery — Interview  with  the  Crows — 
Rapid  crossing  of  the  Yellow  Stone — Descent  to  the  Fort  and 
the  "Cache" — Robbery  made  certain — Passage  to  the  Mis- 
souri— Indian  character  and  customs — A  Spree,  ending  al- 
most tragically — Generosity  of  the  Company — Settlement 
with    them — A    sage    reflection 57 

CHAPTER  III. 

Employment  from  1810  to  1821 — The  First  Santa  Fe  Traders — 
Members  of  the  Fourth  Santa  Fe  expedition — Ascent  of  the 
Arkansas — Vaugean — Removal  of  the  Town  of  Little  Rock 
—  Fort  Smith  and  Major  Bradford  —  Trading  with  the 
Osages — Capt.  Prior — Salt  River — Salt  Plains  and  Shining 
Mountains — Robbery  by  the  Indians — Sufferings  from  thirst 
— Attack  by  the  Indians — Further  Robberies — The  One  Eyed 
Chief  and  Big  Star — Indian  Council — Critical  Situation — 
Rescue  by  Spanish  officers — Cordaro — Journey  continued — 
— San  Miguel — Peccas  and  its  Indian  inhabitants — Santa 
Fe   —   Farming 94 


CHAPTER   IV. 

Interview  with  Governor  Malgaris — Commencement  of  busi- 
ness— Departure  of  McKnight — Arrival  of  Cordaro — His 
Speech — His  visit  to  Nacotoche — His  death  and  character — 
— Hugh  Glenn — Celebration  of  Mexican  Independence — 
Gambling  and  dissipation  —  Mexican  Indians  —  Domestic 
manufactures— Visit  of  the  Utahs — Their  Horses— Speech 
of  the  Chief  Lechat — War  with  the  Navahoes — Cowardly- 
murder  of  their  Chiefs  by  the  Spaniards — Militia  of  Santa 
Fe — Attempt  to  go  to  Sonera — Stopped  by  the  Governor — 
Interview  with  the  Adjutant  —  Selling  out  —  Hugh  Glenn 
again — How  the  Governor  paid  me  a  Debt — Spanish  Jus- 
tice— Departure    for    home 136 


CHAPTER  V. 

Col.  Glenn's  conversion — His  profits  thereby — Avenues  to  New 
Mexico — An  instance  of  Spanish  treachery  and  cruelty — 
Glenn's  cowardice — Meeting  with  the  Pawnees — Mexican 
Indians — Battle  between  the  Pawnees  and  Osages — Disap- 
pearance of  Glenn — Chouteau  and  the  Osages — Indian  re- 
venge—Passage of  the  Neosho — Singular  Ferrying — En- 
trance into  Missouri — Robbery  by  the  Osages — Interview 
with  Missionaries — Arrival  at  St.  Louis — More  of  Glenn — 
Home — Still  greater  troubles  with  creditors  than  with  the 
Indians    igj 


CHAPTER   VI. 

Endeavors  to  get  out  of  debt — Proposition  of  John  McKnight — 
Preparations  for  another  expedition — Journey  to  the  Arkan- 
sas— Ascent  of  the  Canadian  and  North  Fork — Hunting 
Bears,  Elks,  &c. — Fort  commenced — Conversation  with  Mc- 
Knight and  his  departure  in  search  of  Camanches — Con- 
tinued ascent  of  the  Canadian  North  Fork — A  new  Fort — 
Return  of  Potter  and  Ivy — Robert  McKnight  goes  out  in 
search  of  his  brother — He  returns  with  Indians — Charges 
them  with  the  murder  of  his  brother — I  go  out  to  the  Ca- 
manche  village  —  Incidents  there  —  A  council — The  One 
Eyed  Chief — The  whole  band  start  for  the  Fort — A  guard 
placed  over  me — Encampment — The  One  Eyed  adopts  me 
as  his  brother — He  changes  my  relations  with  his  tribe — 
Catching  wild  horses — Arrival  at  the  Fort — Fright  of  some 
"brave"  men — Trade — A  robbery — The  One  Eyed  pun- 
ishes the  thieves  —  Fate  of  John  McKnight  —  Mourning 
stopped — Indian  customs — A  dance — A  case  of  arbitration 
by  the  One  Eyed — Indian  horsemanship — Parting  with  the 
Chiefs — Conversation  with  Alsarea — The  horse  Checoba — 
A    Bucephalus    190 


CHAPTER  VII. 

We  start  for  home — A  stampedo — Loss  of  a  hundred  horses — 
Interview  with  a  Chief  and  his  tribe — Pursued  by  Indians 
— Passage  through  the  Cross  Timbers — Death  of  horses  by 
flies — Night  travelling — Arrival  at  the  Arkansas — Death  of 
horses  by  the  Farcy — Loss  of  skins  and  robes  by  embez- 
zlement— Start  for  home — Breakfast  with  a  Cherokee  Chief 
—James  Rogers — An  old  Cherokee — Interview  with  Mis- 
sionaries— Arrival  at  home — Troubles  from  debt — An  emer- 
gence   at    last — Conclusion 228 


APPENDIX 

Biographical  Sketch  of  the  Mandan  Chief,  Shehaka 248 

Biographical   Sketch  of  Nathaniel  Pryor 249 

Articles  of  Agreement  of  St.  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Company 250 

Biographical  Sketches  of  the  Partners  in  the  Fur  Company — 

Benjamin    Wilkinson    256 

Pierre  Chouteau  256 

Manuel  Lisa  257 

Auguste  P.  Chouteau 258 

Reuben    Lewis    260 

William  Clark  260 

Sylvestre   Labbadie   261 

Pierre  Menard  263 

William  Morrison  ^.  263 

Andrew  Henry  265 

Contract  to  Convey  the  Mandan  Chief  to  His  Home 266 

Contract  between  the  Fur  Company  and  Thomas  James 271 

List  of   Deserters 272 

Biographical  Sketch  of  Ramsay  Crooks 273 

Letters  of  Pierre   Chouteau   to   William  Eustis,    Secretary  of 

War,  22  November  and  14  December,  1809 278 

Biographical  Sketch  of  John  Colter 278 

Biographical  Sketch  of  John  Dougherty 279 

Letter  of  Andrew  Henry  to  Francois  Valle,  5  June,  1810 282 

Biographical  Sketch  of  William  Weir 283 

Interview  with  Pierre  Menard,  July,  1810 283 

Biographical    Sketch   of   George   Drouillard 285 

Notices  of  the  Expedition  of  Smith,  McLanahan  and  Others  to 

Santa  Fe  in  1809,  with  a  Letter  of  McLanahan's..-. 286 

Biographical  Sketch  of  James  Baird 292 

Biographical   Sketch  of  Jacques  Glamorgan "  293 

Biographical   Sketch  of  Jules  de  Mun ^9^ 

Obituary  Notice  of  Matthew  Lyon 295 

Bibliography  .". ^^^^^^*  297 

Index    ^-,- 

j"5 


ILLUSTRATIONS 

Chouteau,   Auguste   Pierre Page  176 

Chouteau,    Pierre    Page     39 

Clark,  William  Page     16 

Crooks,   Ramsay   Page     24 

Dougherty,  John  Page     69 

James,  Thomas  Frontispiece 

Labbadie,   Syl vestre   Page     3  8 

Lisa,  Manuel  Page    47 

Menard,  Pierre  Page     91 

O'Fallon,   Benjamin  Page  218 

Shehaka   (opposite  fac-simile  title  page) Page     11 

Valle,   Francois  Page    70 

Map  of  Mandan   Country Page     33 


PREFACE. 

Amongst  records  of  personal  adventure  this  book 
of  General  James'  will  hold  an  assured  place.  The 
strange  and  romantic  events  which  it  relates,  and  the 
showing  it  makes  of  how  the  Missourians  led  the 
way  into  savage  territory,  which  has  become  the 
home  of  peaceful  and  prosperous  commonwealths, 
combine  to  give  to  it  great  and  abiding  interest.  The 
incidents  here  told,  though  as  far  removed  from 
the  possibilities  of  the  present  day  as  those  of  Jason 
and  the  Argonauts  on  their  journey  for  the  golden 
fleece,  were  of  a  kind  which  were  not  uncommon  in 
the  lives  of  our  grandfathers.  If  the  Missourians 
who  went  out  from  home  in  those  days  (and  there 
were  but  few  who  did  not  go)  to  the  West,  the 
Northwest  and  the  Southwest,  had  been  skilled  in 
recording  their  experiences  and  their  observations, 
they  could  have  made  up  a  body  of  literature  which 
would  have  rivalled  in  interest  the  collection  of  Hak- 
luyt.  Unfortunately,  few  of  the  early  Missourians 
were  writers.  They  mostly  combined  the  qualities 
of  woodsmen  and  hunters,  farmers  and  fighters, 
trappers  and  traders;  they  were  brave  and  resource- 
ful, living  their  lives  in  the  manner  which  they  found 
most  inviting  without  much  thought  beyond  the  pres- 
ent. Their  training  was  in  the  hard  school  of  ex- 
perience and  their  limitations,  as  a  rule,  were  nar- 


row.  There  are  many  sources  from  which  glimpses 
of  their  hves  and  adventures  may  be  obtained,  but 
connected  narratives  like  the  one  here  printed  are 
few  in  number. 

For  most  of  the  details  of  the  expeditions  of  which 
he  writes,  General  James  is  the  sole  authority,  but 
some  side  lights  upon  them  have  been  found,  which 
are  referred  to  in  the  notes  or  printed  in  the  appen- 
dix. 

The  book  from  which  this  reprint  is  made  has 
been  in  the  library  of  the  Missouri  Historical  So- 
ciety for  six  or  seven  years.  During  that  time  care- 
ful search  has  been  made  for  other  copies  without 
success.  But  one  was  heard  of,  and  that  one  was 
sold  in  Philadelphia  in  19 12;  who  is  its  present  pos- 
sessor has  not  been  learned.  The  reason  for  the 
extreme  rarity  of  the  book  will  be  suggested  later. 

The  author,  Thomas  James,  of  Welsh  descent, 
was  born  in  Maryland  in  1782.  His  father,  Joseph 
Austin  James,  and  his  mother,  Elizabeth  Hosten, 
with  their  family  left  Maryland  in  1803  to  look  for 
a  new  home  in  the  West.  They  stopped  for  a  time 
in  Kentucky  and  again  in  lUinois,  reaching  Missouri 
In  1807,  where  they  established  themselves  near 
Florissant.  At  the  time  when  he  enlisted  for  the 
voyage  up  the  Missouri,  Thomas  James  was  about 
twenty-seven  years  old.  In  Chapter  III  of  his  book 
James  tells  of  his  employments  after  his  return  from 
the  upper  Missouri. 

After  his  expedition  to  the  Southwest,  he  engaged 
in  milling,  having  bought  and  rebuilt  what  was  known 


as  Kinney's  Mill  on  a  spring  branch  a  short  distance 
southwest  of  the  village  of  New  Design  in  Monroe 
County,  Illinois.  The  place  was  for  a  time  known 
as  James'  Mills  and  later  as  Monroe  City.  In  1825 
he  was  elected  a  general  in  the  Illinois  militia,  and 
about  the  same  time  to  membership  in  the  Illinois 
legislature,  in  which  he  served  during  the  years 
1 826-1 828.  In  1827  he  was  appointed  postmaster 
at  James'  Mills,  which  position  he  held  for  many 
years.  In  the  Black  Hawk  war  he  served  as  a 
Major,  having  under  his  command  a  "spy  battal- 
ion," composed  of  three  companies,  led  respectively 
by  Captains  Daniel  Price  and  Peter  Warren  of 
Shelby  County  and  Thomas  Harrison  of  Monroe. 
In  orders  signed  by  Albert  Sidney  Johnston  he  is 
designated  as  Colonel  James,  from  which  it  may  be 
Inferred  that  he  held  an  independent  command.  At 
the  close  of  the  war  he  returned  to  his  former  em- 
ployments, and  died  at  Monroe  City  in  December, 

1847. 

The  literary  quality  of  James'  book  is  of  a  higher 
grade  than  would  be  expected  in  the  production  of  a 
man  whose  opportunities  for  school  training  were  as 
scanty  as  his.  The  recognition  of  this  fact  prompted 
a  letter  of  inquiry  to  Dr.  John  Francis  Snyder,  whose 
active  brain  Is  a  storehouse  of  information  as  to  the 
history  of  southern  Illinois,  and  of  southern  Mis- 
souri as  well,  and  from  his  reply  the  following  Is 
quoted:  "Though  I  saw  General  Thomas  James 
on  several  occasions,  and  remember  him  well,  I  know 
nothing  of  his  history  or  personahty.     He  was  quite 


8 


an  ordinary  looking  man,  six  feet  tall,  muscular,  and 
of  the  pioneer  or  coon  hunter  type.  But  I  do  know 
something  of  his  book.  It  was  written  In  Belleville 
from  his  dictation  by  Judge,  or  Colonel,  Nathaniel 
Nlles.  NUes  was  a  New  Yorker  who  came  to  Belle- 
ville In  1839  ^^  1840,  a  young  penniless  lawyer.  For 
a  while  he  taught  school.  I  was  one  of  his  pupils 
about  the  time  that  he  acted  as  amanuensis  for  Gen- 
eral James.  NUes  In  time  married  and  raised  a  fam- 
ily; he  was  a  captain  In  Blssell's  regiment  at  Buena 
Vista  in  1847,  ^^^  was  elected  to  the  legislature,  then 
County  Judge,  and  was  colonel  of  the  Fiftieth  (I 
think)  regiment  of  Illinois  volunteers  in  the  Civil 
war.  He  died  at  Belleville  about  six  years  ago.  The 
book  had  barely  been  issued  from  the  press  when  it 
was  severely  attacked  by  several  newspapers — and 
I  think  the  old  Missouri  Republican  was  one  of  them. 
Niles  immediately  suppressed  it,  gathered  all  the 
copies  he  could  secure  and  destroyed  them.  For  a 
long  time  It  was  a  delicate  subject  to  mention  to  him, 
but  in  later  years  when  it  was  mentioned,  he  did  not 
swear  so  much  but  regarded  it  as  a  good  joke." 

The  reason  for  the  suppression  of  the  book  is  not 
far  to  seek.  General  James  was  evidently  a  man  of 
bitter  prejudices  and  an  unbridled  tongue.  His 
statements  regarding  the  gentlemen  connected  with 
the  Fur  Company  and  regarding  Colonel  Glenn,  even 
had  they  been  true,  were,  to  say  the  least,  ill  advised. 
But  the  Chouteaus,  Lisa,  Labbadie  and  the  others 
composing  the  Fur  Company  were  men  of  high  char- 
acter, ranking  among  the  best  citizens  of  St.  Louis, 


concerning  whom  James'  accusations  were  entitled 
to  and  could  obtain  no  credence  whatsoever.  Colonel 
Glenn  is  not  so  well  known,  but  the  mention  made  of 
him  by  others  is  always  in  terms  of  respect;  the 
charges  here  made  against  him  should  be  considered 
as  introduced  for  dramatic  effect  only.  And  the  Mis- 
sionaries, whom  James  pictures  as  such  undesirable 
citizens,  are,  in  default  of  other  evidence,  entitled 
at  the  least  to  a  suspension  of  judgment.  Colonel 
Glenn  was  dead  when  the  book  was  published,  but 
in  St.  Louis  there  were  many  persons  who  would 
have  been  quick  to  resent  such  statements  as  James 
there  made  about  their  kinsmen,  and  it  is  not  sur- 
prising that  the  book  was  promptly  withdrawn  from 
circulation. 

Whether  or  not  these  statements  should  preclude 
the  reprinting  of  the  book,  even  at  this  late  date,  has 
been  much  debated,  but  it  has  been  decided  that  the 
lapse  of  years  has  deprived  James'  ill-natured  ac- 
cusations of  all  power  to  offend;  and  that  the  merits 
of  the  book  are  such  as  ensure  its  vitality. 

James'  attitude  towards  the  Indians,  from  whom 
he  suffered  so  much,  is  in  surprising  contrast  to  that 
which  he  takes  towards  the  whites.  Of  the  latter, 
John  McKnight  is  the  only  one  of  whom  he  speaks 
in  terms  of  affection. 

For  the  Indians,  whether  he  looks  upon  them  as 
"Chiefs  with  the  dignity  of  Real  Princes,  and  the 
eloquence  of  real  orators,  and  Braves  with  the  valor 
of  the  ancient  Spartans,"  or  as  "simple  children  of 
the  mountains  and  prairies,"  he  shows  kindness,  lik- 


lO 

ing  and  admiration.  While  their  faults  are  not  over- 
looked, they  are  mostly  attributed  to  the  evil  influ- 
ences of  the  whites. 

The  Waterloo  "War  Eagle,"  at  the  office  of 
which  James'  book  was  printed,  was  a  weekly  news- 
paper, edited,  published  and  most  likely  printed  by 
Elam  Rust  at  Waterloo,  Illinois.  Rust  issued  his 
first  newspaper  at  Waterloo  in  the  spring  of  1843 
under  the  name  of  "The  Independent  Democrat." 
In  1845,  he  changed  its  name  to  the  "War  Eagle," 
but  the  Eagle  was  not  long  lived,  and  the  publica- 
tion of  the  paper  ceased  about  the  year  1847. 

Grateful  acknowledgment  and  thanks  are  due  to 
many  friends  for  valuable  and  kindly  suggestions 
and  assistance,  and  especially  to  Miss  Stella  M. 
Drumm,  Librarian  of  the  Missouri  Historical  So- 
ciety, whose  store  of  accurate  knowledge  has  been  an 
unfailing  resource.  To  Miss  Drumm  belongs,  also, 
the  credit  for  the  index,  which  is  entirely  her  work. 

W.  B.  D. 
Spot. 

Florissant,  23  September,  19 16. 


SHE-HA-KA. 


From  McKenney  and  Hall's 
Indian  Tribes  of  North  America. 


THREE  YEARS  AMONG 


THE 


INDIANS  AND  MEXICANS. 


BY  GEN.  THOI^AS  JAMES, 

OP  MONROE  COUNTY)  ILUNOIS« 


T*'ATERLOO,ILL. 

PEIKTHD  AT  THi  OFFICE  OF  THE  ««WAR  EAGLBJ« 


MMIVMVMt* 

184G. 


CHAPTER  ONE 

Introduction — Missouri  Fur  Company — Terms  of  Engagement  With 
Them — Departure  for  the  Trapping  Grounds — Incidents  on  the 
Route — The  Pork  Meeting — Scenery — Cheek,  a  Western  Pioneer 
— His  Affair  With  the  Irishman — A  Hunting  Excursion — The 
Rickarees — The  Mandans — The  Gros-Ventres — The  Company's 
Fort — Cheek  and  Ried — Friends  Between  the  French  and  Amer- 
icans— Violation  of  Contract  by  Company — Departure  for  Up- 
per Missouri — Wintering — Trip  Across  the  Country — Famine 
and  Cold — Scenery  on  the  Yellow  Stone — Manuel's  Fort — Col. 
Menard  and  Manuel  Liza — Indian  Murders — A  Snow  Storm  In 
the  Mountains — Blindness — Arrival  at  the  Forks  of  the  Mis- 
souri— Preparations  for  Business. 

I  HAVE  often  amused  myself  and  friends,  by  re- 
lating stories  of  my  adventures  in  the  West,  and 
am  led  to  believe,  by  the,  perhaps,  too  partial  repre- 
sentations of  those  friends,  that  my  life  in  the 
Prairies  and  Mountains  for  three  years,  is  worthy  of 
a  record  more  enduring  than  their  memories.  I 
have  passed  a  year  and  a  half  on  the  head  vv^aters  of 
the  Missouri  and  among  the  gorges  of  tl  e  Rocky 
Mountains  as  a  hunter  and  a  trapper,  and  two  years 
among  the  Spaniards  and  Camanches.  I  have  suf- 
fered much  from  the  inclemency  of  nature  and  of 
man,  had  many  "hair  breadth  'scapes"  and  acquired 
considerable  information  illustrative  of  Indian  and 
Mexican  character  and  customs.  By  a  plain,  unvar- 
nished tale  of  Western  life,  of  perils  and  of  hard- 
ships, I  hope  to  amuse  the  reader  who  delights  in  ac- 
counts of  wild  adventure,  though  found  out  of  the 

13 


pages  of  a  novel  and  possessing  no  attraction  but 
their  unadorned  truthfulness.  I  am  now  on  the 
shady  side  of  sixty,  with  mind  and  memory  unim- 
paired. If  my  reminiscences,  as  recorded  in  the  fol- 
lowing pages,  serve  to  awaken  my  countrymen  of  the 
West  and  South-west,  now  thank  God,  including 
Texas,  to  the  importance  of  peaceful  and  friendly 
relations  with  the  most  powerful  tribe  of  Indians  on 
the  continent,  the  Camanches,  I  shall  not  regard  the 
labor  of  preparing  these  sheets  as  bestowed  in  vain. 
In  the  year  1803,  when  twenty-two  years  of  age, 
I  emigrated  with  my  father  from  Kentucky  to  Illi- 
nois. In  the  spring  of  1807  we  removed  from  Illi- 
nois to  Missouri,  which  were  then,  both  Territories, 
and  settled  in  the  town  of  St.  Ferdinand,^  near  St. 
Louis.     In  the  fall  of  this  year,^  Lewis  and  Clark 

^  St.  Ferdinand  (San  Fernando)  is  a  village  about  seventeen  miles 
northwestwardly  from  St.  Louis.  While  its  legal  name  is  St.  Ferd- 
inand it  is  known  colloquially  as  Florissant  and  the  post  office  bears 
that  name.  A  grant  of  land  at  this  place  was  made  in  1782  to 
Francois  Dunnegant  dit  Beaurosier  of  St.  Louis.  Col.  Auguste  Chou- 
teau testified  in  1808,  ''that  about  the  year  1786  Dunnegant  was  ap- 
pointed commandant  of  St.  Ferdinand,  and  continued  so  from  that 
time  until  the  American  Government  took  place;  that  from  1782  un- 
til Dunnegant  was  appointed  commandant  the  Indians  were  trouble- 
some and  there  were  orders  for  the  inhabitants  of  this  country  not  to 
settle  out  of  the  towns." 

The  settlement  of  the  village  seems  to  have  begun,  however,  in 
1785,  and  the  census  of  1787  shows  a  population  of  forty-one  per- 
sons; in  1910  there  were  seven  hundred  and  sixty-five.  There  were 
few  of  the  Florissant  Creole  families  of  early  days  who  did  not  send 
representatives  to  the  far  west,  where  they  acquired  more  or  less 
distinction  as  "mountain-men,"  and  their  names  yet  survive  as  place 
names  in  the  mountain  states. 

2  Lewis  and  Clark  on  their  return  arrived  at  St.  Louis,  23  Septem- 
ber, 1806.  James  is  consistent  in  adhering  to  the  date  here  given  in 
the  text,  but  in  other  places  the  liberty  has  been  taken  of  substituting 
the  correct  date. 


15 

returned  from  Oregon  and  the  Pacific  Ocean,  whither 
they  had  been  sent  by  the  administration  of  Jefferson 
in  the  first  exploring  expedition  west  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  and  their  accounts  of  that  wild  region, 
with  those  of  their  companions,  first  excited  a  spirit 
of  trafficking  adventure  among  the  young  men  of  the 
West.  They  had  brought  with  them  from  the  Up- 
per Missouri,  a  Chief  named  Shehaka,^  of  the  Man- 
dan  tribe  of  Indians.  This  Chief,  in  company  with 
Lewis  and  Clark  visited  the  "Great  Father"  at  Wash- 
ington City,  and  returned  to  St.  Louis  in  the  follow- 
ing Spring  (1807)  with  Lewis,  who,  in  the  mean 
time  had  been  appointed  Governor  of  Missouri  Ter- 
ritory. He  sent  the  Chief  Shehaka  up  the  Missouri 
with  an  escort  of  about  forty  United  States  troops, 
under  Capt.  Prior.*  On  their  arrival  In  the  country 
of  the  Rlckarees,^  a  warlike  tribe,  next  East  or  this 
side  of  the  Mandans,  they  were  attacked  by  the  for- 
mer tribe,  and  eight  or  ten  soldiers  killed.  This 
event  so  disheartened  the  rest,  that  they  returned 
with  Shehaka  to  St.  Louis.  The  Missouri  Fur  Com- 
pany had  just  been  formed,  and  they  projected  an 
expedition  up  the  Missouri  and  to  the  Rocky  Moun- 

3  For  sketch  of  Shehaka,  see  Appendix. 

*  For  sketch  of  Nathaniel  Pryor,  see  Appendix. 

^  The  Rickaree  or  Ankara  village  was  situated  on  the  right  (or 
north)  shore  of  the  Missouri,  in  a  bend  where  the  stream  runs 
nearly  westwardly,  about  six  miles  above  the  mouth  of  the  Grand 
(or  We-tar-hoo)  river,  in  what  appears  on  late  maps  as  Corson 
County,  South  Dakota.  A  good  account  of  the  Arikaras  may  be 
found  in  Dr.  Hodge's  Handbook  of  American  Indians.  When  they 
were  first  visited  by  white  people  they  were  friendly,  but  the  con- 
duct of  the  whites  engendered  in  them  a  bitter  and  persistent  hostil- 
ity. See  Journal  of  Jean  Baptiste  Trudeau  among  the  Arikara  In- 
dians in  1795,  4  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections,  9. 


i6 

tains,  which  was  to  start  In  the  spring  of  the  follow- 
ing year,  1809.  The  company  consisted  of  ten  part- 
ners, among  whom  was  M.  Gratiot,  Pierre  Menard, 
Sam'l.  Morrison,  Pierre  Chouteau,  Manuel  Liza, 
Major  Henry,  M.  L'Abbadeau  and  Reuben  Lewis. 
Gov.  Lewis  was  also  said  to  have  had  an  interest  in 
the  concern.^  The  company  contracted  with  him  to 
convey  the  Mandan  Chief  to  his  tribe,  for  the  sum, 
as  I  was  informed  of  $10,000.^  I  enlisted  in  this 
expedition,  which  was  raised  for  trading  with  the 
Indians  and  trapping  for  beaver  on  the  head  waters 
of  the  Missouri  and  Columbia  rivers.  The  whole 
party,  at  starting,  consisted  of  350  men,^  of  whom 
about  one  half  were  Americans  and  the  remainder 
Canadian  Frenchmen  and  Creoles  of  Kaskaskia,  St. 
Louis  and  other  places.  The  French  were  all  vet- 
eran voyageurs,  thoroughly  Inured  to  boating  and 
trapping.  Manuel  Liza,  called  by  the  men  "Esaw'' 
had  enlisted  many  of  them  in  Detroit  for  this  expe- 
dition, and  hired  them  by  the  year.     We  Americans 

6  The  partners  in  the  Fur  Company  were  Benjamin  Wilkinson, 
Pierre  Chouteau,  Manuel  Lisa,  Auguste  P.  Chouteau,  Reuben  Lewis, 
William  Clark,  Sylvestre  Labbadie,  Pierre  Menard,  William  Mor- 
rison and  Andrew  Henry,  biographical  sketches  of  whom  will  be 
found  in  the  Appendix.  The  name  of  Dennis  Fitzhugh  of  Louisville, 
the  third  husband  of  Clark's  youngest  sister,  Fanny,  is  inserted  in 
the  articles  of  association,  but  he  never  became  a  partner.  A  copy 
of  the  articles  is  given  in  the  Appendix. 

■^  A  copy  of  the  contract  for  the  return  of  Shehaka  is  given  in  the 
Appendix. 

8  The  following  letter  from  Lisa  gives  the  number  of  men  and 
boats:  "Osage  River,  24  June,  1809. 

Gen.  Clark,  St.  Louis.  This  is  my  last  moment  to  write  to  you 
and  inform  you  of  the  situation  we  found  ourselves  in  at  the  mo- 
ment. We  are  starting  with  172  men,  nine  barges  and  a  canoe.  Col- 
lins and  Cochran  have  just  deserted.  My  respects  to  Governor 
Lewis.  Your  humble  servant,  Manuel  Lisa." 


From  copy,  by  Albert  Rosenthal,  of  portrait  in  Independence  Hall, 
presented  to  Missouri  Historical  Society  by  G.   A.    Pfeiffer.  Esq. 


I? 

were  all  private  adventurers,  each  on  his  own  hook, 
and  were  led  into  the  enterprise  by  the  promises  of 
the  company,  who  agreed  to  subsist  us  to  the  trap- 
ping grounds,  we  helping  to  navigate  the  boats,  and 
on  our  arrival  there  they  were  to  furnish  us  each 
with  a  rifle  and  suflicient  ammunition,  six  good 
beaver  traps  and  also  four  men  of  their  hired  French, 
to  be  under  our  individual  commands  for  a  period  of 
three  years.  By  the  terms  of  the  contract^  each  of 
us  was  to  divide  one-fourth  of  the  profits  of  our 
joint  labor  with  the  four  men  thus  to  be  appointed  to 
us.  How  we  were  deceived  and  taken  in,  will  be 
seen  in  the  sequel.  The  "company"  made  us  the 
fairest  promises  in  St.  Louis,  only  to  break  them  in 
the  Indian  country.  Liza,  or  Esaw,  or  Manuel  as 
he  was  variously  called,  had  the  principal  command. 
He  was  a  Spaniard  or  Mexican  by  birth,  and  bore  a 
very  bad  reputation  in  the  country  and  among  the 
Americans.  He  had  been  on  the  head  waters  of  the 
Missouri,  the  year  before  with  a  company  of  about 
fifty  men  and  had  met  with  great  success  in  catching 
beaver  and  trading  with  the  Indians.  He  had  built 
a  Fort,  called  "Manuel's  Fort"  at  the  junction  or 
fork  of  the  Big  Horn  and  Yellow  Stone  rivers,  and 
left  a  garrison  of  hunters  in  it  when  he  returned  in 
the  Spring  of  this  year,  and  went  into  the  Missouri 
Fur  Company.  He  was  suspected  of  having  invited 
the  Rickarees  to  attack  the  Government  troops  under 
Capt.  Prior,  with  Shehaka  the  year  before,  for  the 

3  For  copy  of  James'  contract  with  the  company  see  Appendix. 


i8  [1809] 

purpose  of  preventing  the  traders  and  trappers  who 
were  with  the  troops  from  getting  into  the  upper 
country.  Mr.  Chouteau  and  Col.  Menard  acted 
jointly  with  Liza  in  conducting  the  expedition.  I 
went  as  steersman^°  or  "captain"  of  one  of  the 
barges,  with  about  twenty-four  men,  all  Americans, 
under  my  command.  There  were  thirteen  barges 
and  keel  boats  in  all.  On  my  barge  I  had  Doct. 
Thomas,^^  the  surgeon  of  the  company,  and  Reuben 
Lewis,  brother  of  Merryweather  Lewis,  the  Gov- 
ernor. 

We  started  from  St.  Louis  In  the  month  of  June, 
A.  D.  1809,  and  ascended  the  Missouri  by  rowing, 
pushing  with  poles,  cordeling,  or  pulling  with  ropes, 
warping,  and  sailing.  My  crew  were  light  hearted, 
jovial  men,  with  no  care  or  anxiety  for  the  future, 
and  little  fear  of  any  danger.  In  the  morning  we 
regularly  started  by  day  break  and  stopped  gener- 
ally, late  at  night.  The  partners  or  bourgoises,  as 
the  French  called  them,  were  In  the  forward  barge, 
with  a  strong  crew  of  hardy  and  skillful  voyageiirs, 
and  there  Liza  and  some  of  his  colleagues  lorded  it 

10  " — the  steersman  or  patron  is  commander  of  the  boat's  crew ;  he 
is  generally  the  strongest  man  of  the  party  of  which  he  constitutes 
himself  officer,  volunteering  to  fight  any  one  who  offers  to  supercede 
him."     (1847-8)  John  Palliser,  The  Solitary  Hunter,  London,  1856. 

"Reuben  Lewis  commands  the  boat  in  which  the  Americans  are 
together;  two  men  for  one  oar  and  they  still  complain.  I  am  fear- 
ful that  more  will  desert  and  that  we  will  be  obliged  to  leave  an- 
other boat."     Lisa  to  Clark,  2  July,  1809. 

The  presence  of  an  owner  in  a  boat  did  not  exclude  the  authority 
of  the  steersman  or  patroon. 

1^  Of  Dr.  Thomas  nothing  further  is  learned  except,  from  the  men- 
tion in  the  Louisiana  Gazette  that  he  returned  to  St.  Louis  with 
Pierre  Chouteau,  reaching  there  20  November,  1809. 


[i809]  19 

over  the  poor  fellows  most  arrogantly,  and  made 
them  work  as  If  their  lives  depended  on  their  getting 
forward,  with  the  greatest  possible  speed.  They 
peremptorily  required  all  the  boats  to  stop  in  com- 
pany for  the  night,  and  our  barge  being  large  and 
heavily  loaded,  the  crew  frequently  had  great  diffi- 
culty in  overtaking  them  in  the  evening.  We  oc- 
casionally had  races  with  some  of  the  forward 
barges,  in  which  my  crew  of  Americans  proved  them- 
selves equal  in  a  short  race  to  their  mare  experienced 
French  competitors.  We  thus  continued,  with  noth- 
ing of  Interest  occurring  till  we  passed  the  Platte. 
Six  weeks  of  hard  labor  on  our  part,  had  been  spent, 
when  our  allotted  provisions  gave  out  and  we  were 
compelled  to  live  on  boiled  corn  without  salt.  At 
the  same  time  all  the  other  boats  were  well  supplied 
and  the  gentlemen  proprietors  In  the  leading  barge 
were  faring  In  the  most  sumptuous  and  luxurious 
manner.  The  French  hands  were  much  better 
treated  on  all  occasions  than  the  Americans.  The 
former  were  employed  for  a  long  period  at  stated 
wages  and  were  accustomed  to  such  service  and  such 
men  as  those  In  command  of  them,  while  we  were 
private  adventurers  for  our  own  benefit,  as  well  as 
that  of  the  company,  who  regarded  us  with  suspicion 
and  distrust.  Many  Americans  on  the  passage  up 
the  river,  disgusted  with  the  treatment  they  received, 
fell  off  In  small  companies  and  went  back.^^    At  Cote 

^2  A  list  of  the  deserters  appears  in  the  Appendix. 


20  [1809] 

Sans  Desans,^^  opposite  the  mouth  of  the  Osage, 
most  of  them  returned.  On  reaching  the  Mandan 
country  we  numbered  about  ten  Americans,  having 
started  from  St.  Louis  with  about  one  hundred  and 
seventy-five  and  an  equal  number  of  French.  After 
passing  the  Platte  rlver^*  my  crew  were  worn  down 
with  hard  labor  and  bad  fare.  Their  boiled  corn 
without  salt  or  meat,  did  not  sustain  them  under  the 
fatigue  of  navigating  the  barge  and  the  contrast  be- 
tween their  treatment  and  that  of  the  French  en- 
raged them.  A  meeting  was  the  result.  The  Com- 
pany had,  on  our  barge,  thirty  barrels  of  pork,  and 
one  morning  my  crew  came  to  me  In  a  body  demand- 
ing some  of  these  provisions.     I  commanded  them 

13  "The  Cote  sans  Dessein,  is  a  beautiful  place  situated  on  the  n.  e. 
side  of  the  river  and  in  sight  of  the  Osage.  It  will,  in  time,  become 
a  considerable  village.  The  beauty  and  fertility  of  the  surrounding 
country,  cannot  be  surpassed.  It  is  here  that  we  met  with  the  first 
appearance  of  prairie,  on  the  Missouri,  but  it  is  handsomely  mixed 
with  wood  land.  The  wooded  country,  on  the  n.  e.  extends  at  least, 
thirty  miles,  as  far  up  as  this  place,  and  not  less  than  fifteen  on  the 
other  side.  The  name  is  given  to  this  place,  from  the  circumstances 
of  a  single  detached  hill,  filled  with  lime  stone,  standing  on  the 
bank  of  the  river,  about  six  hundred  yards  long  and  very  narrow. 
The  village  has  been  established  about  three  years;  there  are  thir- 
teen French  families  and  two  or  three  of  Indians.  They  have  hand- 
some fields  in  the  prairie,  but  the  greater  part  of  their  time  is  spent 
in  hunting.  From  their  eager  inquiries  after  marchandise,  I  per- 
ceived we  were  already  remote  from  the  settlements."  H.  M.  Brack- 
en ridge.  Journal  of  a  Voyage  up  the  Missouri  River,  in  1811,  Pitts- 
burgh, 1816,  p.  209. 

Cote  Sans  Dessein  is  in  Callaway  County.  It  has  but  few  more 
inhabitants  at  present  than  it  had  in  181 1.  There  is  a  larger  vil- 
lage a  short  distance  to  the  eastward,  which  bears  the  euphonious 
name  of  Tebbetts. 

i*A  Missouri  voyageur  who  had  never  passed  the  Platte  was 
called  a  hlanc-hec;  and  upon  his  first  passing  he  was  subjected  to  an 
initiation,  such  as  used  to  be  given  to  sailors  when  they  first  crossed 
the   equator. 


[1809]  21 

not  to  break  Into  the  pork  without  permission,  and 
promised,  If  they  would  work  and  keep  up  till  noon, 
to  procure  some  for  dinner.  At  noon  when  we 
stopped,  the  men  rolled  up  a  barrel  of  pork  on  to 
the  deck  and  one  of  them,  named  Cheek^^  bestrided 
it  with  a  tomahawk,  crying  out  "give  the  word  Cap- 
tain." I  forbade  them,  as  before,  and  went  ashore 
to  find  Lewis,  who  had  left  the  boat  at  the  beginning 
of  trouble.  He  said  the  pork  was  the  Company's 
and  told  me  not  to  touch  it.  I  said  the  men  would 
and  should  have  some  of  it,  and  went  back  to  the 
boat  to  give  the  "word"  to  Cheek.  Lewis  hastened 
to  the  *'bourgeoise''  In  their  barge  close  by,  to  give 
the  alarm.  I  could  see  them  In  their  cabin,  from 
the  shore  where  I  stood,  playing  cards  and  drinking. 
Lewis  entered  with  the  news  that  "James'  crew  were 
taking  the  provisions."  Manuel  Liza  seized  his  pis- 
tols and  ran  out  followed  by  the  other  partners. 
"What  the  devil,  said  he  to  me.  Is  the  matter  with 
you  and  your  men?"  We  are  starving,  said  I,  and 
we  must  have  something  better  than  boiled  corn.  At 
the  same  time  Cheek  was  brandishing  his  tomahawk 
over  the  pork  barrel  and  clamoring  for  the  "word." 
"Shall  I  break  It  open  Captain,  speak  the  word,"  he 
cried,  while  the  rest  of  my  crew  were  drawn  up  in 
line  on  the  boat,  with  rifles,  ready  .for  action.  The 
gentlemen  bourgeoises  yielded  before  this  determined 

15  James  Cheek  has  left  no  discoverable  record  of  his  existence 
outside  of  this  book  and  Col.  Menard's  letter  (printed  in  Chitten- 
den's American  Fur  Trade)  and  interview  (printed  in  the  Appen- 
dix) ;  though  the  family  name  is  found  in  St.  Louis  and  other  parts 
of  the  State  at  about  this  time. 


22  [1809] 

array,  and  gave  us  a  large  supply  of  pork;  that  is,  as 
much  as  we  pleased  to  take.  A  few  days  after  this 
we  stopped  to  clean  out  the  barges  and  the  pork  in 
ours  was  removed  to  another  and  its  place  supplied 
with  lead.  The  Cheek  who  figured  as  ring-leader  on 
this  occasion  was  a  Tennesseean,  about  six  feet  high 
and  well  proportioned.  His  courage  was  equal  to 
any  enterprise,  and  his  rashness  and  head-strong  ob- 
stinacy at  last,  in  the  Indian  country,  cost  him  his  life. 
I  had  on  my  barge  a  large,  lazy,  and  very  imperti- 
nent Irishman,^^  who  was  frequently  very  sulky  and 
remiss  in  his  duties.  I  was  compelled  one  day,  to  call 
him  by  name  for  not  working  at  the  oars,  saying  to 
him  he  was  not  rowing  the  weight  of  his  head.  The 
heighth  of  disgrace  among  boatmen  is  to  be  publicly 
named  by  the  Captain.  The  Irishman  took  my 
treatment  in  very  ill  humor  and  swore  he  would  have 
satisfaction  for  the  insult.  When  the  boat  stopped 
for  breakfast,  the  men  dispersed  as  usual,  to  get 
wood,  and  with  them  went  Cheek  and  my  friend,  the 
Irishman.  Cheek  returned  without  him  and  in- 
formed me,  he  had  whipped  him  "for  saucing  the 
captain."  I  said,  "Cheek  I  can  attend  to  my  own 
fighting  without  your  assistance,  or  any  other  man's." 
"No  by  G — d,"  said  he,  "my  Captain  shan't  fight 
while  I  am  about."  The  Irishman  returned,  at 
length,  to  the  boat,  but  was  so  badly  hurt  as  to  be 
unable  to  work  for  several  days. 

The  scenery  of  the  Upper  Missouri  is  so  familiar 
to  the  world  as  to  render  any  particular  description 

1^  See  mention  of  the  Irishman  in  note  24  to  this  chapter. 


[1809]  23 

unnecessary.  As  you  ascend  the  river,  the  woods 
diminish  in  number  and  extent.  Beyond  Council 
Bluffs,  about  700  miles  above  the  mouth  they  entirely 
disappear,  except  on  the  river  bottoms,  which  are 
heavily  timbered.  The  Prairies  were  covered  with 
a  short  thick  grass,  about  three  or  four  inches  high. 
At  this  time  the  game  was  very  abundant.  We  saw 
Elk  and  Buffalo  in  vast  numbers,  and  killed  many  of 
them.  Prairie  dogs  and  wolves  were  also  very 
numerous.  The  Indians  have  thinned  off  the  game 
since  that  time,  so  much  that  their  own  subsistence  is 
frequently  very  scanty,  and  they  are  often  in  danger 
of  starvation.  Their  range  of  hunting  now  extends 
far  down  into  the  Camanche  country  and  Texas,  and 
the  buffalo,  their  only  game  of  importance,  are  fast 
disappearing.  When  these  valuable  animals  are  all 
gone,  when  they  are  extinct  on  the  West  as  they  are 
on  the  East  side  of  the  Mississippi,  then  will  the  In- 
dian race,  the  aboriginals  of  that  vast  region,  be  near 
their  own  extinction  and  oblivion.  They  cannot  sur- 
vive the  game  and  with  it  will  disappear. 

The  Western  declivity  of  the  Mississippi  valley 
from  the  mountains  to  the  "Father  of  Waters"  is 
nearly  all  one  great  plain,  with  occasional  rocky  ele- 
vations. We  saw  hills  at  the  foot  of  which  were 
large  heaps  of  pumice  stone,  which  had  the  appear- 
ance of  having  been  crumbled  off  from  above  by  the 
action  of  fire. 

The  scenery  of  Illinois  or  Missouri^^  is  a  fair  ex- 

17  Speaking  of  Missouri  in  1819,  Schoolcraft  says:     "A  great  por- 
tion of  the  lands  in  this  Territory  are  of  the  richest  kind,  producing 


24  [1809] 

ample  of  that  of  the  whole  country  West  to  the 
mountains.  The  Prairies  here,  however,  are  vaster 
and  more  desolate.  One  extensive  plain  is  usually 
presented  to  the  eye  of  the  traveller,  and  stretches 
to  the  horizon,  without  a  hill,  mound,  tree  or  shrub 
to  arrest  the  sight. 

We  continued  our  ascent  of  the  river  without  any 
occurrence  of  importance.  Below  Council  Bluffs  we 
met  Capt.  Crooks, ^^  agent  for  John  J.  Astor,  and 
who  was  trading  with  the  Mohaws.  Here  all  the 
few  Americans  remaining,  with  myself,  were  on  the 
point  of  returning.  By  the  solicitations  and  prom- 
ises of  the  Company  we  were  induced  to  continue 
with  them. 

The  first  Indians  we  saw  were  a  party  of  Mohaws 
hunting;  with  them  were  two  Sioux  Chiefs.  They 
sent  forward  a  runner  to  their  village  above,  and 

corn,  wheat,  rye,  oats,  flax,  hemp  and  tobacco,  in  great  abundance 
and  in  great  perfection.  ...  As  you  recede  from  the  banks  of 
the  river  the  land  rises,  passing,  sometimes  by  almost  imperceptable 
gradations,  and  sometimes  very  abruptly,  into  elevated  barren,  flinty 
ridges  and  rocky  cliffs.  A  portion  of  the  Territory  is,  therefore,  un- 
fit for  cultivation,  but  still  serves  as  the  matrix  of  numerous  ores, 
which  are  distributed  abundantly  in  the  hills  and  mountains  of  the 
interior.  There  is  very  little  land  of  an  intermediate  quality.  It  is 
either  very  rich  or  very  poor;  it  is  either  bottom  land  of  cliff,  prairie 
or  barren;  it  is  a  deep  black  marl  or  a  high  bluff  rock;  and  the  trans- 
ition is  often  so  sudden  as  to  produce  scenes  of  the  most  pictur- 
esque beauty.  Hence  the  traveller  in  the  interior  is  often  surprisd  to 
behold  at  one  view,  cliffs  and  prairies,  bottoms  and  barrens,  naked 
hills,  heavy  forests,  rocks,  streams,  and  plains  all  succeeding  each 
other  with  rapidity,  and  mingled  with  the  most  pleasing  harmony. 
I  have  contemplated  such  scenes,  while  standing  on  some  lofty  bluff 
in  the  wilderness  of  Missouri,  with  unmixed  delight;  while  the  deer, 
the  elk  and  the  buffalo,  were  grazing  quietly  on  the  plains  below." 
Scenes  and  Ad'ventures  in  the  Semi  Alpine  Region  of  the  Ozark 
Mountains  of  Missouri  and  Arkansas,  p.  223. 
18  For  sketch  of  Ramsay  Crooks,  see  Appendix. 


>  »  a    •»    * 


1  ^■ 


Courtesy  of  Clarence  M.  Burton,  Esq. 


«    c     •  •  •    • 


[i8o9]  25 

themselves  came  on  board  our  boats.  We  found  the 
village  at  the  mouth  of  the  Jacques  river/^  perhaps 
twelve  hundred  miles,  by  its  course,  from  the  mouth 
of  the  Missouri.  They  were  of  the  Teton  tribe, 
which  is  kindred  with  the  Sioux.  As  we  approached 
the  bank,  which  was  lined  with  hundreds ;  they  fired 
into  the  water  before  the  forward  barge,  and  as  we 
landed,  they  retreated  with  great  rapidity,  making  a 
startling  noise  with  whistles  and  rattles.  After  landing 
and  making  fast  the  boats,  about  fifty  savages  took 
charge  of  them,  as  a  guard.  They  wore  raven  feath- 
ers on  the  head.  Their  bodies  were  naked,  save 
about  the  middle,  and  painted  entirely  black.  They 
presented  on  the  whole  a  most  martial  and  warlike 
appearance  in  their  savage  mode,  and  performed 
their  office  of  guarding  the  boats  so  well  that  not 
even  a  Chief  was  allowed  to  go  onto  them.  Other 
Indians  came  with  buffalo  skins  to  be  used  as  pulan- 
qulns  or  litters  for  carrying  the  partners  to  their 
council  house;  each  was  taken  up  and  carried  off  In 
state.  I  was  compelled  by  some  Indians  to  go  in 
the  same  style  to  the  place  of  council.  Here  was  a 
large  company  of  old  men  awaiting  us,  and  for  din- 
ner we  had  served  up  a  great  feast  of  dog's  meat — 
a  great  delicacy  with  the  Indians.  The  rich  repast 
was  served  In  forty-one  wooden  bowls,  as  I  counted 

^9  Jacques  river,  now  called  James  (and  colloquially  the  Jim) 
river,  rises  in  the  central  part  of  North  Dakota,  and  follows  in  the 
main  a  direction  east  of  south,  and  enters  the  Missouri  in  Yankton 
County,  South  Dakota,  about  ten  miles  below  the  city  of  Yankton, 
Its  mouth,  according  to  Lewis  and  Clark,  is  nine  hundred  and  fifty 
miles  above  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri.  It  was  named  after  an  early 
<voyageur  or  trader  from  St  Louis. 


26  [1809] 

them,  and  from  each  bowl  a  dog's  foot  was  hanging 
out,  evidently  to  prove  that  this  rarity  was  not  a 
sham  but  a  reality.  Not  feeling  very  desirous  of 
eating  of  this  particular  dainty,  I  stole  out  and  was 
pulled  by  a  young  Indian  and  invited  to  his  wigwam. 
I  went  and  partook  with  him  of  buffalo  meat.  We 
stayed  with  these  hospitable  savages  two  days.  On 
arriving,  we  found  the  British  flag  flying,  but  easily 
persuaded  them  to  haul  it  down.  The  Hudson's  Bay 
Company  had  had  their  emissaries  among  them  and 
were  then  deahng  with  them  precisely  as  they  are 
now  dealing  with  the  savages  in  our  territory  of 
Oregon — namely :  buying  them  up  with  presents  and 
promises,  and  persuading  them  to  act  as  aUies  of 
Britain,  in  any  future  war  with  the  United  States.  On 
the  third  day  we  left  the  friendly  Tetons  and  pro- 
ceeded up  the  river  as  before. 

Capt.  Chouteau  had  conceived  a  prejudice  against 
Cheek,  and  on  one  occasion,  ordered  him  to  leave 
the  boats.  Lewis  conveyed  the  order  to  me.  I  re- 
monstrated against  the  cruelty  of  sending  a  man 
adrift  in  a  wilderness,  1400  miles  from  home.  He 
insisted,  and  Cheek  took  his  gun  as  if  he  was  going 
to  obey.  Lewis  ordered  him  to  leave  the  gun  be- 
hind, which  he  refused  to  do.  Lewis  then  com- 
manded me  to  take  it  from  him.  I  replied,  that  he 
or  Chouteau  might  do  that  themselves.  The  men  of 
my  boat  flew  to  their  arms,  and  avowed  their  deter- 
mination of  defending  Cheek  and  sharing  his  fate. 
The  order  was  not  pursued  any  further.  Such  ren- 
contres and  difl^culties  between  the  Americans  and 


[1809]  27 

the  partners,  embittered  their  hands  against  us,  and 
ultimately  did  us  no  good.  Much  of  the  111  treat- 
ment we  afterwards  received  from  them,  was  prob- 
ably owing  to  the  reckless  assertion  of  our  Inde- 
pendence on  every  occasion  and  at  every  difficulty 
that  occurred.  After  leaving  the  Teton  village,  our 
boat  again  failed  of  provisions,  and  by  request  of 
Lewis  I  went  ashore  on  the  North  bank  with  one  of 
our  best  hunters,  named  Brown,^^  to  kill  some  game. 
We  went  up  the  river,  and  in  the  evening,  killed  an 
elk,  brought  It  to  the  river  bank,  and  waited  there  for 
the  boats  till  morning.  They  came  up  on  the  oppo- 
site shore  and  sent  over  a  canoe  to  take  us  and  our 
game  across.  The  wind  rose  in  the  mean  time,  and 
blew  so  strong  as  to  raise  the  waves  very  high,  and 
render  it  dangerous  for  us  all  to  cross  together  in 
the  same  canoe.  We  sent  over  the  game  and  Brown 
and  myself  continued  our  course,  afoot,  expecting  to 
get  aboard  when  the  boats  crossed  at  some  one  of 
the  river  bends.  By  the  middle  of  the  day  the  wind 
had  risen  so  high  that  the  boats,  with  sails  hoisted, 
quickly  went  out  of  sight.  We  travelled  on  till  eve- 
ning, and  struck  a  large  bayou,  which  we  could  not 

20  There  was  a  William  Brown  living  with  John  Sullens  at  Bon- 
homme  settlement  St.  Louis  District  in  1805,  and  about  the  same  time 
a  William  Brown  from  St.  Philips,  South  Carolina,  sold  two  negroes 
in  St.  Louis.  The  name  appears  in  the  list  of  Lisa's  engagees  in 
1812-1813.  In  the  St.  Louis  Directory  of  1821,  William  Brown  is 
listed  as  a  pump-maker  on  South  H.  Street  above  Third.  "Boatswain 
Brown"  was  killed  on  the  Colorado  river  by  the  "Amuchabas"  in 
August  1827,  under  the  leadership  of  Jedediah  S.  Smith.  The  prob- 
ability is  that  the  Brown  living  with  Sullens,  Lisa's  engage  and 
James'  companion  were  the  same  person.  That  he  came  from  South 
Carolina,  was  a  pump-maker,  and  a  member  of  Smith's  party  is  a 
possibility  only. 


28  [1809] 

cross,  and  took  the  backward  course  till  we  encamped 
within  a  mile  of  the  spot  where  we  had  stayed  the 
night  before.  The  next  morning  we  struck  off  from 
the  river  into  the  prairie  and  took  the  best  course  we 
could,  to  reach  the  boats.  Seven  days  elapsed,  how- 
ever, before  we  overtook  them.  The  wind  blew  a 
strong  breeze,  and  drove  the  boats  along  very  rap- 
idly. We  killed  another  elk  and  some  small  game, 
which  subsisted  us  till  the  fifth  day,  when  our  ammu- 
nition gave  out.  Our  moccasins  being  worn  out,  fell 
off  and  our  feet  were  perfectly  cut  up  by  the  prickly 
pear,  which  abounds  on  these  prairies.  At  last, 
nearly  famished  and  worn  down,  sore,  lame  and  ex- 
hausted, we  found  the  boats.  My  crew  had,  in  vain, 
requested  leave  to  wait  for  us,  and  we  might  have 
perished  before  the  hourgeoise  would  have  slackened 
their  speed  in  the  least,  on  our  account.  We  had  a 
narrow  escape  from  starvation  in  this  excursion,  and 
I  was  ever  afterwards  careful  to  have  plenty  of  am- 
munition with  me  when  I  went  out — as  I  frequently 
did — on  similar  expeditions. 

In  two  days  after  this  event,  we  arrived  at  the 
country  of  the  Rickarees.  On  approaching  their  vil- 
lage, we  took  precautions  against  an  attack.  A  guard 
marched  along  the  shore,  opposite  to  the  boats,  well 
armed.  My  crew  composed  a  part  of  this  force. 
When  within  half  a  mile  of  the  village  we  drew  up 
the  cannon  and  prepared  to  encamp.  The  whole  vil- 
lage came  out  in  a  body,  as  it  seemed,  to  meet  us. 
They  had  not  come  far  toward  us  when  an  old  chief 
rode  out  at  full  speed  and  with  violent  gestures  and 


[1809]  29 

exclamations,  warned  and  motioned  back  his  coun- 
trymen from  before  our  cannon.  The  event  of  the 
year  before  was  fresh  in  his  recollection.  He  sup- 
posed we  were  about  to  inflict  a  proper  and  deserved 
punishment  for  the  attack  on  Capt.  Prior's  troops 
and  the  murder  of  eight  or  ten  of  them,  the  year  be- 
fore. This  old  chief  drove  back  all  who  were  com- 
ing out  to  meet  us.  Capt.  Chouteau  then  sent  for 
the  chief  to  come  down  to  his  camp  and  hold  a  coun- 
cil. They  refused  to  comply  with  this  request  and 
appeared  very  suspicious  of  our  designs.  After  fur- 
ther negotiation,  they  agreed  to  come  to  us  and  hold 
a  council  if  the  company's  force  would  lay  aside 
their  arms  and  turn  the  cannon  in  the  opposite  direc- 
tion. This  was  agreed  to  by  the  Company,  with  the 
provision  that  a  guard  should  be  on  the  ground, 
armed,  during  the  conference.  The  council  was 
held,  and  Chouteau  harangued  them  on  the  crime 
committed  against  the  government  the  year  before. 
They  promised  better  conduct  for  the  future,  but 
made  no  reparation  or  apology  even,  for  the  past. 

In  a  few  days  we  started  forward  through  a  coun- 
try marked  by  the  same  general  features  as  that  de- 
scribed before.  Thousands  of  buffalo  covered  the 
prairies  on  both  sides  of  the  river,  making  them 
black  as  far  as  the  eye  could  reach.  In  ten  or  twelve 
days  the  boats  reached  the  Mandan"^  village,  where 

21  "These  Indians  live  in  settled  villages  fortified  with  palisades, 
which  they  seldom  ever  abandon ;  and  they  are  the  best  hunsband- 
men  in  the  whole  north  west.  They  raise  Indian  corn  or  maize, 
beans,  pumpkins  and  squashes  in  considerable  quantity,  not  only  suf- 
ficient to  supply  their  own  wants,  with  the  help  of  the  buflFalo,  but 


30  [i809] 

I  was  awaiting  them.  I  had  sallied  out  five  days  be- 
fore in  a  hunting  excursion,  and  arrived  at  the  vil- 
lage of  the  Mandans  in  advance  of  the  boats.  These 
are  a  poor,  thieving,  spiritless  tribe,  tributary  to  the 
Gros- Ventres,  who  inhabit  the  country  above  them  on 
the  river.  The  village  is  on  the  north  side  of  the 
river.  The  boats  came  up  on  the  opposite  shore. 
The  wind,  as  they  arrived,  blew  a  hurricane  and 
lashed  the  waves  to  a  prodigious  height.  The  In- 
dians saw  their  chief,  Shehaka,  on  our  boats,  and 
were  almost  frantic  with  joy  and  eagerness  to  speak 
with  him.  They  have  a  round  canoe  made  of  hoops 
fastened  together  and  a  buffalo's  skin  stretched  over 
them,  very  light  and  portable.  With  these  they 
rowed  themselves  across  the  turbulent  river,  one 
moment  lost  from  view  between  the  waves,  and  the 
next,  riding  over  them  like  corks.  In  these  tubs  of 
canoes  they  crossed  the  stream  to  our  boats.  The 
natives  made  a  jubilee  and  celebration  for  the  return 
of  Shehaka   and  neglected  every  thing  and  every 

also  to  sell  and  give  away  to  all  strangers  that  enter  their  villages. 
They  are  the  mildest  and  most  honest  Indians  upon  the  whole  con- 
tinent, and,  withal,  very  fond  of  the  white  people."  John  McDon- 
nell, Some  Account  of  the  Red  River,  in  i  Masson,  Les  Bourgeois  de 
la  Compagnie  du  Nord-Ouest,  p.  272.  In  Maximilian's  Travels  in 
the  Interior  of  North  America  there  is  an  interesting  chapter  on  the 
Mandans.  It  was  at  one  time  believed  by  some  that  they  were  de- 
scended from  Welsh  people  who  came  to  America  in  pre  Columbian 
time.  In  1837,  almost  the  whole  nation  died  of  small  pox  (see  ac- 
count in  Audubon's  Missouri  River  Journals)^  and  it  is  said  that  in 
1905  it  numbered  only  249  persons. 

A  letter  of  Pierre  Chouteau  to  William  Eustis,  Secretary  of  War, 
dated  St.  Louis  22  November  1809,  says  that  the  writer  returned  to 
St.  Louis  two  days  before;  that  he  delivered  Shehaka  and  his  wife 
and  children  and  the  interpreter  and  his  family  to  their  people  on 
the  24th  day  of  September  last. 


[i8o9]  31 

body  else.  They  hardly  saw  or  took  the  least  notice 
of  their  white  visitors.  The  partners  distributed  the 
presents  sent  by  the  government  and  we  then  made 
haste  to  leave  this  boorish,  inhospitable  tribe.  We 
ascended  the  Missouri  to  the  village  of  the  Gros- 
Ventres,"  on  the  south  side  of  the  river,  fifteen  miles 
above  that  of  the  Mandans.  Here  we  found  a  far 
different  race  from  the  last;  a  manly,  warlike  and 
independent  tribe,  who  might  well  be  called  for  their 
daring  and  enterprising  qualities,  the  Gros-coeurs  or 
big  hearts  instead  of  big-beUies.  Here  was  our  place 
of  stopping  for  a  short  time  and  of  preparation  for 
the  business  which  had  brought  us  hither.  On  our  ar- 
rival at  their  village,  four  or  five  agents  of  the  Hud- 
son's Bay  Company  were  among  them,  but  imme- 
diately crossed  the  river  with  their  goods,  and  bore 
off  to  the  northeast.  We  suspected  them  of  inciting 
the  Black  Feet  against  us  and  many  of  our  company 

22  "The  Minitarees  are  a  noble  and  interesting  people.  They  are 
most  absurdly  termed  Gros'ventres  by  the  French  traders,  there  being 
not  the  slightest  foundation  for  branding  them  with  that  epithet." 
John  Palliser,  The  Solitary  Hunter,  London,  1856.  Palliser  was  on 
the  upper  Missouri  in  1848. 

"We  were  not  so  well  received  at  this  village  [the  Minitaree  great 
village  on  the  Knife  River]  as  at  the  Mandanes;  no  attention  was 
shown  us  after  conducting  us  to  the  hut  where  the  white  people 
lodged.  They  do  not  appear  to  be  of  such  sociable  and  affable  dis- 
position as  their  neighbors;  they  are  proud  and  haughty,  and  think 
that  there  is  no  race  upon  earth  equal  to  themselves;  they  despise 
other  nations.  Were  it  not  that  they  must  have  traders  to  bring 
them  the  arms  and  ammunition  of  which  they  stand  in  such  great 
need,  being  surrounded  by  enemies,  a  white  man  would  stand  a  poor 
chance  for  his  life  and  property  among  this  set  of  savages,  whose 
sole  glory  is  in  bloodshed  and  devastation,  .  .  .  upon  the  whole 
they  appeared  to  me  to  be  a  fierce  and  savage  set  of  scoundrels,  still 
more  loose  and  licentious  than  the  Mandanes."  Alexander  Henry 
the  Younger,  1806.  Journals  of  Henry  and  Thompson  (Coues'  edi- 
tion), New  York,  1897. 


32  [i809] 

attributed  our  subsequent  misfortunes  to  their  hos- 
tility. We  afterwards  heard  that  a  large  army  of 
these  Indians  were  encamped  at  the  falls  above. 
They  traded  regularly  with  the  British  traders  and 
procured  of  them  their  arms  and  ammunition.  We 
built  a  fort-^  near  the  Gros- Ventres  village,  and  un- 
loaded all  the  larger  boats  for  the  purpose  of  send- 
ing them  back  to  the  settlements.  Having  now  ar- 
rived at  our  destination  and  being  near  the  beaver 
region,  we,  the  Americans,  ten  in  number,  requested 
the  partners  to  furnish  our  traps,  ammunition,  guns 
and  men,  according  to  contract.  But  this,  they  seemed 
to  have  forgotten  entirely,  or  Intended  never  to  ful- 
fil. We  found  ourselves  taken  In,  cheated,  chlzzled, 
gulled  and  swindled  in  a  style  that  has  not,  perhaps, 
been  excelled  by  Yankees  or  French,  or  men  of  any 
other  nation,  at  any  time  in  the  thirty-six  years  that 
have  passed  over  my  head  since  this  feat  was  per- 

23  "The  fort  consisted  of  a  square  block  house,  the  lower  part  of 
which  was  a  room  for  furs;  the  upper  part  was  inhabited  by  Mr. 
Lewis  and  some  of  the  hunters  belonging  to  the  establishment.  There 
"were  some  small  outhouses,  and  the  whole  was  surrounded  by  a  pal- 
lisado,  or  picquet,  about  fifteen  feet  high.  I  found  attached  to  it  a 
very  pretty  garden,  in  which  were  peas,  beans,  sallad,  radishes  and 
other  vegetables,  under  the  care  of  a  gardener,  an  Irishman,  who 
•shewed  it  to  me  with  much  self-importance.  I  praised  his  manage- 
ment, but  expressed  my  regret  that  he  had  no  potatoes,  *0h!'  said 
he,  'that  does  not  signify;  we  can  soon  have  them;  there  is  pleanty 
just  over  the  way.'  I  did  not  think  the  man  was  serious;  but  on 
mentioning  the  circumstances  to  Mr.  Lewis,  he  told  me  that  there 
really  were  potatoes  at  an  English  Fort  in  the  river  St.  Peters,  only 
from  two  to  300  miles  distant."  Bradbury,  Travels  in  the  Interior 
of  America,  Liverpool,  1817,  p.  143.  Bradbury  was  at  the  fort  in 
181 1.  The  Mr.  Lewis  spoken  of  was  Reuben  Lewis.  Bradbury,  who 
rode  from  the  Arikara  post  to  the  fort  in  18 11  says  that  it  was  seven 
miles  from  the  third  Minitaree  village;  Chittenden  says  that  it  was 
twelve  miles.     According  to  the  map  the  latter  seems  to  be  correct. 


[i8o9] 


33 


3 

n 

o 

c 
s 


o 


formed.  A  stock  of  old  and  worthless  traps  had 
been  brought  up  the  river,  apparently  to  be  put  off 
on  the  Americans.     They  offered  us  these  traps, 


34  [i809] 

which  we  refused  to  take.  They  then  endeavored  to 
deprive  us  of  the  arms  and  ammunition  belonging  to 
them,  in  our  possession,  and  they  succeeded  in  getting 
from  most  of  us  all  the  guns  and  powder  of  theirs 
that  we  had.  Mine  were  taken  from  me  with  the 
others,  by  order  of  the  partners.  I  do  not  know  that 
all  of  them  consented  to  this  nefarious  proceeding;  I 
hope  and  should  have  expected  that  several  of  them 
would  not  sanction  such  conduct.  But  I  heard  of  no 
protest  or  opposition  to  the  acts  of  the  majority, 
who  behaved  toward  us  with  a  want  of  principle  and 
of  honor  that  would  shame  most  gentleman  robbers 
of  the  highway.  They  seemed  determined  to  turn 
us  out  on  the  prairie  and  among  the  Indians,  with- 
out arms,  provisions  or  ammunition.  Our  situation 
in  that  event,  would  have  nearly  realized  the  one  im- 
plied in  the  popular  expression  "a  cat  in  hell  with- 
out claws."  We  were  kept  waiting  two  or  three 
weeks  without  employment  or  any  provisions,  except 
what  we  purchased  at  most  exorbitant  prices.  We 
bought  goods,  knives,  &c.  of  the  company,  on  credit, 
and  sold  them  to  the  Indians  for  provisions  and  in 
this  way  were  rapidly  running  in  debt,  which  the  com- 
pany expected  us  to  discharge  to  them  in  beaver  fur. 
Their  object  was  to  make  the  most  out  of  us  with- 
out regard  to  their  previous  professions  and  prom- 
ises. Finding  myself,  like  most  of  my  comrades,  des- 
titute of  all  means  of  support  and  sustenance,  of  de- 
fence and  offence,  I  looked  around  for  something  by 
which  I  could  live  in  that  wild  region.  On  arriving 
at  the  Gros- Ventre  village  we  had  found  a  hunter 


[i8o9]  35 

and  trapper  named  Colter,'*  who  had  been  one  of 
Lewis  &  Clark's  men,  and  had  returned  thus  far  with 
them  in  1806.     Of  him  I  purchased  a  set  of  beaver 
traps  for  $120,  a  pound  and  a  half  of  powder  for  $6, 
and  a  gun  for  $40.     Seeing  me  thus  equipped,  Liza, 
the  most  active,  the  meanest  and  most  rascally  of 
the  whole,  offered  me  new  and  good  traps,  a  gun 
and  ammunition.     I  told  him  he  appeared  willing 
enough  to  help  when  help  was  not  needed,  and  after 
I  was  provided  at  my  own  expense.     I  then  selected 
two  companions.  Miller  and  McDaniel,'^  who  had 
been  imposed  on  by  the  bourgeoise  in  the  same  man- 
ner with  myself,  and  in  their  company  I  prepared  to 
begin  business.     These  two  had,  by  good  fortune, 
brought  with  them  six  traps,  two  guns  and  ammuni- 
tion of  their  own.     We  cut  down  a  tree  and  of  the 
trunk  made  a  canoe  in  which  we  prepared  to  ascend 
to  the  "Forks"  and  head  waters  of  the  Missouri  and 
the  mountains.     We  were  young,  and  sanguine  of 
success.     No  fears  of  the  future  clouded  our  pros- 
pects and  the  adventures  that  lay  before  us  excited 
our  hopes  and  fancies  to  the  highest  pitch.    "No  dan- 
gers daunted  and  no  labors  tired  us."     Before  leav- 
ing the  Fort  and  my  old  companions,  I  will  relate  a 
characteristic  anecdote  of  Cheek,  who  so  soon  after 

24  For  sketch  of  John  Colter  see  Appendix. 

25  There  was  a  William  Miller  who  lived  at  Marais  des  Liards, 
and  a  James  McDaniel  who  lived  between  Florissant  and  Fort  Belle- 
fontaine,  at  about  this  time,  but  nothing  has  been  found  to  identify 
them  with  the  men  here  mentioned.  The  note  given  by  James  to 
Colter,  October  7,  1809,  was  signed  by  W.  R.  Miller  as  witness,  but 
the  name  with  those  initials  does  not  appear  in  any  of  the  St.  Louis 
records. 


36  [i8o9] 

this,  expiated  his  follies  by  a  violent  death.  In  an 
early  part  of  the  voyage,  when  coming  up  the  river, 
about  two  months  before,  I  had  sent  Cheek  to  draw 
our  share  of  provisions  from  the  provision  boat. 
Francois  Ried,^^  who  dealt  them  out  for  the  Com- 
pany, offered  Cheek  a  bear's  head,  saying  it  was  good 
enough  for  "you  fellows,"  by  this  meaning  the 
Americans.  Cheek  returned  to  his  boat  in  great  rage 
at  the  insult,  as  he  deemed  it,  and  threatened  to  whip 
him  (Ried)  for  the  said  contumely  on  himself  and 
fellow  companions,  as  soon  as  he  was  out  of  Gov- 
ernment employ — that  is,  as  soon  as  we  had  deliv- 
ered up  Shehaka  to  the  Mandans.  The  matter 
passed  on  and  I  supposed  was  forgotten  by  Cheek 
himself,  until  the  Fort  was  built,  and  the  Americans 
were  about  separating  with  many  grievances  unre- 
dressed and  wrongs  unavenged.  Cheek  meeting  Ried 
one  morning  on  the  bank  of  the  river,  told  him  that 
he  had  promised  to  whip  him  and  that  he  could  not 
break  his  word  on  any  account.  He  thereupon  struck 
at  the  audacious  Frenchman,  who  had  presumed  to 

26  Frangois  Ride  was  the  youngest  son  of  Louis  Ride  and  Vero- 
nique  Marcheteau  dit  Desnoyer.  Louis  Ride  was  one  of  the  thirty 
men  who  came  with  Auguste  Chouteau  from  Fort  Chartres  in  1764, 
to  begin  the  building  of  St.  Louis.  Frangois  was  born  12  April, 
1771,  in  St.  Louis,  at  the  northeast  corner  of  what  are  now  Main 
and  Elm  Streets.  His  mother  died  when  he  was  quite  young,  and 
his  father  married,  for  his  second  wife,  the  Widow  Hunaut — Char- 
lotte Chassin — ,  by  whom  Frangois  was  brought  up.  She  was  a 
daughter  of  M.  de  Chassin  of  Fort  Chartres  and  his  mixed  blood 
wife  Agnes  Michel.  Gayarre  quotes  an  amusing  letter  of  Chassin's 
to  one  of  the  Kings  ministers,  asking  to  have  a  wife  sent  from  France, 
for  whom,  however,  he  did  not  wait.  (History  of  Louisiana,  French 
Domination,  p.  286.)  Frangois  Ride  died  at  St.  Louis  12  October, 
1828.  His  elder  brother,  Laurent  Ride,  was  also  on  this  expedition, 
and  was  patroon  of  one  of  the  boats. 


[i8o9]  37 

call  Americans  "fellows,"  and  offer  them  a  bear's 
head.  RIed  saved  himself  by  running  aboard  one  of 
the  boats,  where  he  obtained  a  reinforcement.  Cheek 
beat  a  retreat,  and  a  truce  was  observed  by  both 
parties  till  night  fall.  I  had  encamped  with  Cheek 
and  two  others,  a  few  hundred  yards  above  the  Fort. 
We  were  all,  except  Cheek,  in  the  tent,  about  nine 
o'clock  in  the  evening,  when  Ried  with  a  company, 
all  armed  with  pistols  and  dirks  came  up  and  de- 
manded to  see  Cheek,  saying  that  he  had  attacked 
him  within  the  hnes  of  the  Fort,  where  he  knew  he 
could  not  fight  without  violating  orders.  I  told  him 
that  Cheek  was  not  in  the  tent.  "He  is  hid,  the 
cowardly  rascal,"  cried  Ried,  and  went  to  searching 
the  bushes.  After  he  and  his  company  were  gone,  I 
found  Cheek  at  Major  Henry's  tent,  amusing  him- 
self with  cards  and  wine.  I  took  him  with  me  to 
our  own  tent,  fearing  that  Ried's  company  might  kill 
him  if  they  found  him  that  night.  He  was  silent 
while  hearing  my  account  and  for  some  minutes  after 
entering  our  tent.  He  then  spoke  as  If  on  maturest 
reflection,  and  said  that  he  had  intended  to  have  let 
Ried  go,  with  what  he  had  got,  "but  now  I  will  whip 
him  in  the  morning  If  I  lose  my  life  by  It."  In  the 
morning  he  started  unarmed  and  wrapped  In  his 
blanket  for  the  Fort.  I  with  a  few  others  followed 
to  see  fair  play  which  Is  ever  a  jewel  with  Ameri- 
cans. Cheek  soon  found  Ried  and  accosted  him  In 
front  of  the  Fort,  by  Informing  him  that  he  had 
come  down  to  accommodate  him  with  the  interview 
which  he  had  understood  had  been  sought  for,  so 


38  [1809] 

anxiously,  the  night  before.  Ried  said  he  was  in 
liquor  the  night  before — wanted  to  have  nothing  to 
do  with  him  and  began  to  make  for  the  Fort.  "You 
must  catch  a  Httle  any  how"  said  Cheek,  and  spring- 
ing towards  RIed  like  a  wild  cat,  with  one  blow  he 
felled  him  to  the  earth.  Capt.  Chouteau  who  had 
seen,. the  whole  proceeding  from  the  Fort,  imme- 
diately rushed  out  with  about  thirty  of  his  men  all 
armed.  "Bring  out  the  irons,  seize  him,  seize  him," 
cried  Chouteau,  frantic  with  passion,  and  raging  like 
a  mad  bull.  Cheek  prudently  retired  to  our  company 
on  the  bank  of  the  river,  a  short  distance,  and  said 
he  would  die  rather  than  be  ironed.  We  were  ready 
to  stand  by  him  to  the  last.  Chouteau  now  ordered 
his  men  to  fire  on  us  and  the  next  moment  would 
have  seen  bloodshed  and  the  death  of  some  of  us, 
had  not  L'Abbadieu,  Valle,''  Menard,  Morrison, 
Henry  and  one  of  Chouteau's  sons^^  thrown  them- 

27  This  was  Francois  Valle,  son  of  Don  Francois  Valle,  command- 
ant of  the  post  of  S'te.  Genevieve,  and  Marie  Carpentier.  He  was 
born  at  Ste.  Genevieve,  8  December  1779.  When  he  was  thirteen 
years  old  he  was  taken  to  New  Orleans  in  the  care  of  Daniel  Clark, 
Jr.,  who  sent  him  to  New  York  under  the  guardianship  of  Gouver- 
neur  Morris  who  placed  him  in  school  at  Newark,  New  Jersey, 
where  he  remained  several  years.  He  returned  home  by  way  of  the 
Ohio  River.  In  1802  or  1803  he  went  up  the  Missouri  on  a  trading 
voyage  and  remained  there  for  seven  or  eight  years.  Lewis  and 
Clark  met  him  2  October  1804.  near  the  Cheyenne  River.  He 
served  in  the  U.  S.  Army  as  an  officer  in  the  War  of  18 12,  resigning 
in  18 1 5,  and  thereafter  devoted  himself  to  mining.  He  married  in 
1828,  and  was  the  father  of  the  late  Captain  Frangois  Valle,  C.  S.  A., 
of  St.  Louis.  See  a  letter  to  Valle  from  Major  Henry,  in  the  Ap- 
pendix. And  see  Notes  on  the  Genealogy  of  the  Valle  Family,  by 
Mary  Louise  Dalton,  in  2  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections, 
Part  7,  page  54. 

28  Pierre  Chouteau's  three  elder  sons  were  Auguste  Pierre,  Pierre, 
cadet  (or  junior),  and  Paul  Liguest.  They  were,  in  1809,  aged  re- 
spectively twenty-three,  twenty,  and  seventeen  years.    The  next  son, 


/ti^^, 


From  portrait  presented  to  Missouri  Historical  Society 
by  Mrs.  Virginia  Sarpy  Peugnet. 


•  -•»         T      t        t      '   I   *  t     T     4   >    I     t     "'      • 


1758-1849 

From  portrait  painted  for  Missouri  Historical  Society 

by  M.  Hernandez  Arevalo. 


[1809]  39 

selves  between  us  and  the  opposite  party  and  thus 
preventing  the  execution  of  Chouteau's  order.  Him 
they  forced  back,  struggling  like  a  mad  child  in  its 
mother's  arms  into  the  Fort.  On  the  next  day  after 
this  fracas,  Miller,  McDaniel  and  myself  parted 
from  our  companions,  after  agreeing  to  meet  them 
again  on  the  Forks  or  head-waters  of  the  Missouri 
and  started  in  our  canoe  up  the  river.  The  river  is 
very  crooked  in  this  part  and  much  narrower  than 
we  had  found  it  below.  We  came  to  a  Mandan  vil- 
lage on  the  south  side  of  the  stream  on  the  day  of 
our  departure  from  the  Fort.  On  arriving  here,  we 
were  on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  and  on  account 
of  the  violence  of  the  wind,  did  not  cross  to  the  vil- 
lage. Late  in  the  evening  a  woman  in  attempting  to 
cross  in  a  skin  canoe,  was  overset  in  the  middle  of 
the  river.  She  was  seen  from  the  village,  and  imme- 
diately, a  multitude  of  men  rushed  into  the  water 
and  seemed  to  run  rather  than  swim  to  the  woman 
whom  they  rescued  from  the  water  with  wonderful 
rapidity.  Their  dexterity  in  swimming  was  truly 
astonishing  to  us.  We  pushed  or  rather  paddled  on 
in  a  shower  of  rain,  till  late  that  night  and  en- 
camped. In  the  morning  we  went  on  in  a  snow- 
storm and  in  four  days  the  ice  floating  in  the  river, 

who  was  born  of  Chouteau's  second  marriage,  was  at  that  time  only 
twelve  years  old.  Pierre  cadet^  who  showed  even  at  that  time  the 
remarkable  capacity  for  business  for  which  he  was  afterwards  so 
distinguished,  took  charge  during  his  father's  absence  of  his  duties 
as  Indian  agent,  as  appears  from  letters  written  by  him  from  St. 
Louis  before  any  of  the  party  had  returned.  The  two  sons  here 
spoken  of  by  James  were  Auguste  Pierre  and  Paul  Liguest.  Auguste 
Aristide  Chouteau  son  of  Colonel  Auguste  Chouteau,  who  was  the 
same  age  as  Paul  Liguest,  was  also  of  the  party. 


40  [1809-1810] 

prevented  further  navigation  of  the  stream  with  the 
canoe.     We  stopped  on  the  south  side  of  the  river, 
built  a  small  cabin,  banked  it  round  with  earth  and 
soon  made  ourselves  quite  comfortable.     This  was 
in  the  month  of  November.     We  had  caught  a  few 
beaver  skins  in  our  route  from  the  Gros  Ventre  vil- 
lage,  and  we  employed  ourselves  in  making  moc- 
casins and  leggings  and  in  killing  game  which  was 
very  plenty  all  around  us.     Here  we  determined  to 
pass  the  winter  and  in  the  Spring  continue  our  as- 
cent of  the  Missouri  to  the  Forks.     On  Christmas 
day  I  froze  my  feet  and  became  so  disabled  as  to  be 
confined  to  the  house  unable  to  walk.     Miller  and 
McDaniel  soon  after  started  back  for  the  Fort,  with 
our  stock  of  beaver  skins  to  exchange  them  for  am- 
munition.   They  were  gone  twice  the  length  of  time 
agreed  on  for  their  stay.     I  began  to  consume  the 
last  of  my  rations  and  should  have  suffered  for  food, 
had  not  a  company  of  friendly  Indians  called  at  the 
cabin  and  bartered  provisions  for  trinkets  and  to- 
bacco.    My  next  visitors  were  two  Canadians  and 
an  American  named  Ayers,  from    the    Fort,    who 
were  going  on  with  despatches  for  the  main  com- 
pany, that  was  supposed  to  be  at  Manuel's  Fort  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Big  Horn,  a  branch  of  the  Yellow 
Stone.     These  men  informed  me  that  Miller  and 
McDaniel  had  changed  their  mind;  that  they  did 
not   intend  to   continue   further  up   the   river   and 
seemed  to  be  in  no  haste  to  return  to  me.     They 
urged  me  to  accompany  them,  and  promised  me  the 
use  of  one  of  their  horses  till  my  feet  should  become 


[i8io] 


41 


well  enough  for  me  to  walk.  I  consented  to  go 
with  them  and  prepared  to  leave  my  cabin.  Before 
doing  so,  I  buried  the  traps  and  other  accoutre- 
ments of  my  two  former  companions  in  a  corner  of 
the  lodge,  and  peeling  off  the  bark  from  a  log  above 
them,  I  wrote  on  It,  "In  this  corner  your  things 
lie."  I  learned  on  my  return  In  the  Spring  that  both 
of  them  had  been  killed  as  was  supposed  by  the 
Rickarees.  Their  guns,  traps,  &c.,  were  seen  in  the 
hands  of  some  of  that  tribe;  but  they  were  never 
heard  of  afterwards. 

On  the  third  of  February  18 10,  eight  months  after 
my  departure  from  St.  Louis,  I  started  from  my  win- 
ter lodge ;  but  I  soon  repented  my  undertaking.  The 
horses  were  all  too  weak  to  carry  more  than  the 
load  appropriated  to  them,  and  I  was  thus  com- 
pelled to  walk.  My  feet  became  very  sore  and  gave 
me  great  pain,  while  the  crust  on  the  snow  made  the 
travelling  of  all  of  us,  both  slow  and  difficult.  I 
suffered  severely  at  starting  but  gradually  Improved 
in  strength  and  was  able  in  a  few  days  to  keep  up 
with  less  torture  to  myself  than  at  first.  We  as- 
cended the  south  bank  of  the  river  till  we  struck 
the  Little  Missouri,  a  branch  from  the  south.  Here 
we  found  some  Indians  who  advised  us  to  keep  up  the 
banks  of  this  river  for  two  days,  and  then  turning 
northwardly,  a  half-day's  travel  would  bring  us  to 
the  Gunpowder  river  near  Its  head :''  this  Is  a  branch 

29  The  advice  of  the  Indians  was  either  misunderstood  or  was 
grossly  misleading.  The  Little  Missouri  heads  in  northeast  Wyom- 
ing and  runs  nearly  north  until  it  gets  within  about  fifty  miles  of 


42  [i8io] 

of  the  Yellow  Stone.  We  travelled  two  days  as  di- 
rected and  left  the  Little  Missouri  in  search  of  the 
river.  We  missed  it  entirely,  on  account  of  our 
traveling  so  much  slower  than  the  Indians  are  ac- 
customed to  do.  Our  two  day's  travel  was  not 
greater  than  one  of  theirs.  For  five  days  we  kept 
our  course  to  the  north  in  an  open  plain,  and  in  the 
heart  of  winter.  The  cold  was  intense  and  the  wind 
from  the  mountains  most  piercing.  The  snow  blew 
directly  in  our  faces  and  ice  was  formed  on  our  lips 
and  eyebrows.  In  this  high  latitude  and  in  the  open 
prairies  in  the  vicinity  of  the  mountains  where  we 
then  were,  the  winters  are  very  cold.  On  the  first 
night  we  were  covered  where  we  lay  to  the  depth 
of  three  feet  by  the  snow.  No  game  was  to  be  seen 
and  we  were  destitute  of  provisions.     For  five  days 

the  Missouri  where  it  turns  eastward  and  for  about  seventy  miles 
its  course  is  nearly  due  east.  It  enters  the  Missouri  in  Dunn  County, 
North  Dakota,  in  latitude  about  47°  50'  north. 

The  Powder,  or  Gunpowder,  River  heads  in  central  Wyoming, 
and  follows  a  northwardly  course,  entering  the  Yellowstone  in  the 
northern  part  of  Custer  County,  Montana.  From  the  point  of  the 
bend  of  the  Little  Missouri,  where  it  turns  to  the  eastward,  to  the 
mouth  of  the  Powder  River  is  about  ninety-five  miles  in  a  south- 
westwardly  direction.  From  the  mouth  of  the  Powder  River  to  Fort 
Manuel  at  the  mouth  of  the  Bighorn  is  about  one  hundred  and  five 
miles.  The  high  mound  mentioned  by  James  was  probably  either 
the  Burning  Butte  or  Bryant's  Buttes,  which  are  on  the  way  from 
the  Little  Missouri  to  the  mouth  of  the  Powder  River.  The  party 
could  not  have  gone  north  for  any  great  distance  and  have  reached 
the  Powder  in  the  time  given. 

"The  country  of  the  Crows, 

Through  which  the  Big  Horn  and  the  Rosebud  run, 

Sees  over  mountain  peaks  the  setting  sun ; 

And  southward  from  the  Yellowstone  flung  wide, 

It  broadens  ever  to  the  morning  side 

And  has  the  Powder  on  its  vague  frontier." 

Neihardt,  Song  of  Hugh  Glass,  p.  109. 


[i8io]  43 

we  tasted  not  a  morsel  of  food,  and  had  not  even  the 
means  of  making  a  fire.     We  saw  not  a  mound  or 
hill,  tree  or  shrub,  not  a  beast  nor  a  bird  until  the 
fifth  day  when  we  descried  afar  off  a  high  mound. 
We  were  destitute,  alone  In  that  vast,  desolate  and 
to  us  limitless  expanse  of  drifting  snow,  which  the 
winds  drove  Into  our  faces  and  heaped  around  our 
steps.    Snow  was  our  only  food  and  drink,  and  snow 
made  our  covering  at  night.    We  suffered  dreadfully 
from  hunger.     On  the  first  and  second  days  after 
leaving  the  Little  Missouri  for  the  desert  we  were 
now  traversing,  our  appetites  were  sharper  and  the 
pangs  of  hunger  more  Intense  than  afterwards.     A 
languor  and  falntness  succeeded  which  made  travel- 
ling most  laborious  and  painful.     On  the  fifth  day 
we  had  lost  so  much  of  strength  and  felt  such  weak- 
ness for  want  of  food,  that  the  most  terrible  of 
deaths,   a  death  of  famine,  stared  us  in  the  face. 
The  pangs  and  miseries  we  endured  are  vividly  de- 
scribed by  Mr.  Kendall,'^  from  actual  experience  in 
his  ''Santa  Fe  Expedition."     My  feet,  in  addition  to 
all  other  sufferings,  now  became  sore  and  more  pain- 
ful than  ever.     The  men  had  made  for  me  a  moc- 
casin of  skin  taken  from  the  legs  of  a  buffalo,  and 
which  I  wore  with  the  hair  next  my  feet  and  legs.     I 
felt  the  blood  gurgling  and  bubbling  in  this  casing 
at  every  step.    We  were  about  to  ward  off  starvation 
by  killing  a  horse,  and  eating  the  raw  flesh  and  blood, 
when   on  the   fifth   day   of  our  wandering  in  this 

30  For  quotation  from  Kendall,  see  James'  note  at  the  end  of  chap- 
ter. ^ 


44 


[i8io] 


wilderness  a  mound  was  seen,  as  above  mentioned, 
in  the  distance.    We  reached  and  ascended  it  in  the 
evening,  whence  we  saw  woods  and  buffaloes  before 
us.     We  hastened  to  kill  several  of  these  noblest  of 
all  animals  of  game,  and  encamped  in  the  woods, 
where  we  quickly  made  a  fire  and  cut  up  the  meat. 
We  were  all  so  voracious  in  our  appetites,  as  not  to 
wait  for  the  cooking,  but  ate  great  quantities  nearly 
raw.     The  first  taste,  stimulated    our    hunger    and 
appetites  to  an  ungovernable  pitch.    We  ate  and  ate 
and  ate,  as  if  there  were  no  limit  to  our  capacity, 
and  no  quantity  could  satisfy  us.     At  length  when 
gorged  to  the  full  and  utterly  unable  to  hold  any 
more,  we  gave  out  and  sought  repose  about  mid- 
night under  our  tents.     But  sleep  fled  from  our  eyes 
and  in  the  morning  we  arose,  without  having  rested, 
feverish  and  more  fatigued  than  when  we  supped 
and  retired  the  night  before.  Our  feet,  limbs  and  bod- 
ies were  swollen  and  bloated,  and  we  all  found  our- 
selves laid  up  on  the  sick  list,  by  our  debauch  on 
buffalo  meat.     We  had  no  desire  to  eat  again  on 
that  day,  and  remained  in  camp  utterly  unable  to 
travel,  till  the  next  morning,  when  we  started  for- 
ward, travelling  slowly.     We  soon  struck  the  river 
which  we  had  suffered  so  much  in  seeking,  and  bent 
our  course  up  the  stream,  crossing  its  bends  on  the 
ice.     On  one  occasion  when  saving  distance  by  cut- 
ting off  a  bend  of  the  river,  the  horse  carrying  my 
pack  and  worldly  goods,  fell  into  an  air  hole  and 
would  have  instantly  disappeared  had  I  not  caught 
him  by  the  tail  and  dragged  him  out  to  some  dis- 


[i8io]  45 

tance,  with  a  risk  to  myself  of  plunging  under  the 
ice  Into  a  rapid  current,  that  made  me  shudder  the 
moment  I  coolly  looked  at  the  danger.  Hair  breadth 
escapes  from  death  are  so  frequent  In  the  life  of  a 
hunter  In  this  wild  region  as  to  lose  all  novelty  and 
may  seem  unworthy  of  mention.  I  shall  relate  a  few 
as  I  proceed,  for  the  purpose  of  showing  the  slight 
tenure  the  pioneer  holds  of  life.  And  yet  Boone,  the 
prince  of  the  prairies,  "hved  hunting  up  to  ninety."^^ 
Perhaps  pure  air  and  continual  exercise  are  more 
than  a  counterbalance  toward  a  long  life,  against  all 
the  dangers  of  a  hunters  and  trappers  existence, 
even  among  hostile  savages,  such  as  we  were  now 
rapidly  approaching. 

We  continued  our  course  up  the  Yellow  Stone, 
gradually  recovering  from  the  effects  of  our  unnat- 
ural surfeit  and  gross  gormandizing  of  buffalo  meat. 
The  country  here  Is  one  immense,  level  plain,  and 
abounded,  at  this  time,  with  large  herds  of  buffalo, 
which  subsisted  on  the  buds  of  trees  and  the  grass 
which  the  powerful  winds  laid  bare  of  snow  In  many 
places.  The  river  was  skirted  on  either  side  by 
woods.  At  last,  after  fifteen  days  of  painful  travel 
and  much  suffering,  we  reached  "Manuel's  Fort," 
at  the  mouth  of  the  Big  Horn,  where  I  found  the 
most  of  my  crew,  and  a  small  detachment  of  the 
company's  men  from  whom  I  had  parted  the  pre- 
vious fall.     This  Fort,   as  before  mentioned,  was 

31  Byron's  Don  Juan.  Canto  VIII.  Stanza  LXII.  See  H.  M. 
Brackenridge's  Recollections  of  Persons  and  Places  in  the  West,  2nd 
Ed.,  p.  253. 


46  [i8io] 

built  by  Liza  in  the  spring  of  1808,  and  a  small 
garrison  left  in  it,  who  had  remained  there  ever 
since.     Here  I  found  Cheek,  Brown,  Dougherty^^ 
and  the  rest  of  my  crew  rejoicing  to  see  me.     I  was 
not  a  little  surprised  to  find  Col.  Pierre  Menard  in 
command,  who  was  to  have  returned  to  St.  Louis 
from  the  Fort  at  the  Gros  Ventre  village,  and  Liza 
intended  to  take  command  of  the  party  on  the  head 
waters  of  the  Missouri.     Such  was  the  arrangement 
at  the  commencement  of  the  voyage.    I  soon  learned 
from  the  men  what  they  supposed  to  be  the  cause 
of  the  change.     The  next  day  after  I  had  left  the 
Fort  on  the  Missouri,  in  the  fall,  Cheek  and  several 
Americans  were  in  the  office  or  marquee  of  the  com- 
pany, endeavoring  to  get  their  equipments  according 
to  contract.     Liza  was  present.     Chouteau's  name 
was  mentioned  in  the  course  of  the  conversation, 
when  Cheek  coolly  remarked  that  if  he  caught  Chou- 
teau a  hundred  yards  from  camp  he  would  shoot 
him.    "Cheek  1  Cheek ! !"  exclaimed  Liza,  mind  what 
you  say."     "I  do  that,"  said  Cheek,  "and  Liza,  I 
have  heard  some  of  our  boys  say  that  if  they  ever 
caught  you   two   hundred  yards   from   camp   they 
would  shoot  you,  and  if  they  don't  I  will.    You  ought 
not  to  expect  any  thing  better  from  the  Americans 
after  having  treated  them  with  so  much  meanness, 
treachery  and  cruelty  as  you  have.     "Now  Liza," 
continued  he,  "you  are  going  to  the  forks  of  the 
Missouri,  mark  my  words,  you  will  never  come  back 
alive."      Liza's  cheeks  blanched  at  this  bold   and 

32  For  sketch  of  John  Dougherty,  see  Appendix. 


From  portrait  presented  to  Missouri  Historical  Society 
bv  Mrs.  Nathan  Corwitli. 


[i8io]  47 

reckless  speech  from  a  man  who  always  performed 
his  promises,  whether  good  or  evil.  He  returned  to 
St.  Louis  and  sent  up  Col.  Menard  in  his  place.  Col- 
M.  was  an  honorable  high  minded  gentleman  and 
enjoyed  our  esteem  in  a  higher  degree  than  any 
other  of  the  company.  Liza  we  thoroughly  detested 
and  despised,  both  for  his  acts  and  his  reputation. 
There  were  many  tales  afloat  concerning  villainies 
said  to  have  been  perpetrated  by  him  on  the  fron- 
tiers. These  may  have  been  wholly  false  or  greatly 
exaggerated,  but  in  his  looks  there  was  no  decep- 
tion. Rascality  sat  on  every  feature  of  his  dark 
complexioned,  Mexican  face — gleamed  from  his 
black,  Spanish,  eyes,  and  seemed  enthroned  in  a  fore- 
head "villainous  low."  We  were  glad  to  be  re- 
lieved of  his  presence.  After  remaining  at  this  Fort 
or  camp  a  few  days  we  started  westward  for  the 
"Forks"  and  mountains  in  a  company  of  thirty-two 
men,  French  and  Americans.  On  first  arriving  at 
the  Fort  I  had  learned  that  two  of  the  men  with 
an  Indian  chief  of  the  Snake  tribe  and  his  two  wives 
and  a  son  had  gone  forward,  with  the  intention  of 
killing  game  for  our  company  and  awaiting  our  ap- 
proach on  the  route.  Our  second  day's  journey 
brought  us  to  an  Indian  lodge;  stripped,  and  near 
by,  we  saw  a  woman  and  boy  lying  on  the  ground, 
with  their  heads  split  open,  evidently  by  a  toma- 
hawk. These  were  the  Snake's  elder  wife  and  son, 
he  having  saved  himself  and  his  younger  wife  by 
flight  on  horseback.  Our  two  men  who  had  started 
out  in  company  with  him,  were  not  molested.     They 


48  [i8io] 

told  us  that  a  party  of  Gros  Ventres  had  come  upon 
them,  committed  these  murders,  and  passed  on  as 
if  engaged  in  a  lawful  and  praise-worthy  business. 
These  last  were  the  most  powerful  and  warlike  In- 
dians of  that  region.  The  poor  Snake  tribe,  on  the 
contrary,  were  the  weakest,  and  consequently  became 
the  prey  and  victims  of  the  others.  They  inhabit 
the  caves  and  chasms  of  the  mountains  and  live  a 
miserable  and  precarious  life  in  eluding  the  pursuit 
of  enemies.  All  the  neighboring  tribes  were  at  war 
with  these  poor  devils.  Every  party  we  met  pre- 
tended to  be  out  on  an  expedition  against  the  Snakes, 
whom  they  frequently  reduce  to  slavery.  Thus  the 
strong  prey  upon  the  weak  in  savage  as  well  as 
civilized  life. 

Our  course  now  lay  to  the  north-west  for  the 

Forks  of  the  Missouri,  which  meet  in  latitude 

among  the  mountains,  whence  the  last  named  river 

runs  directly  north  as  high  as  latitude  miles, 

where  it  turns  to  the  south  and  south-east,  which 
last  course  it  generally  holds  to  its  junction  with  the 
Mississippi.  On  the  evening  of  the  day  when  we 
left  Manuel's  Fort,  my  friend  Brown  became  blind 
from  the  reflection  of  the  sun  on  the  snow;^^  his  eyes 
pained  him  so  much  that  he  implored  us  to  put  an 
end  to  his  torment  by  shooting  him.  I  watched  him 
during  that  night  for  fear  he  would  commit  the  act 

33  <'This  blindness  seems  principally  confined  to  high  latitudes, 
but  I  have  heard  of  occasional  cases  as  far  south  as  the  plains  of 
western  Kansas.  It  is  mainly  brought  on  by  the  exposure  of  the 
eyes  to  the  glare  of  the  sun  upon  the  snow,  but  it  is  accelerated  and 
aggravated  by  the  high  wind  and  flying  snow;  and  it  is  most  likely 


[i8io]  49 

himself.  He  complained  that  his  eye  balls  had  burst- 
ed,  and  moaned  and  groaned  most  piteously.  In  the 
morning,  I  opened  the  swollen  lids,  and  Informed 
him  to  his  great  joy  that  the  balls  were  whole  and 
sound.  He  could  now  distinguish  a  faint  glimmer- 
ing of  light.  I  led  him  all  that  day  and  the  next,  on 
the  third  he  had  so  far  recovered  that  he  could  see, 
though  but  Indistinctly.  Our  guide  on  this  route  was 
Colter,  who  thoroughly  knew  the  road,  having  twice 
escaped  over  It  from  capture  and  death  at  the  hands 
of  the  Indians.  In  ten  or  twelve  days  after  leaving 
the  Fort  we  re-entered  an  opening  or  gap  In  the 
mountains,  where  It  commenced  snowing  most  vio- 
lently and  so  continued  all  night.  The  morning 
showed  us  the  heads  and  backs  of  our  horses  just 
visible  above  the  snow  which  had  crushed  down  all 
our  tents.  We  proceeded  on  with  the  greatest  diffi- 
culty.    As  we  entered  the  ravine  or  opening  of  the 

to  occur  late  in  the  winter  season  and  early  in  the  spring  when  the 
sun's  rays  fall  with  a  more  vertical  slant.  Indeed  in  early  and  mid- 
winter, cases  of  snow  blindness  are  extremely  rare.  The  Indians 
and  even  wild  animals  are  subject  to  it,  and  to  the  frequenter  of  our 
western  plains  a  snow  blind  rabbit  or  even  sage  or  prairie  chicken 
is  no  uncommon  sight.  A  method  of  treatment  practiced  by  some 
of  the  northwestern  Indians  is  to  drop  into  the  corner  of  the  eye  a 
little  skunk  oil,  which  they  extracted  and  preserved  for  this  purpose. 
I  have  been  assured  by  old  hunters  who  have  tried  it  that  it  is  a 
sovereign  remedy.  But  prevention  is  infinitely  preferable  to  cure, 
and  may  be  effected  by  blackening  the  face  to  the  distance  of  an  inch 
or  more  around  the  eyes,  close  up  to  the  lids.  This  has  never  failed 
me,  and  I  have  yet  to  hear  of  an  instance  where  it  did  not  secure 
immunity  from  this  trerible  malady.  A  bit  of  wet  powder  or  lamp 
black,  the  soot  off  the  bottom  of  a  kettle,  a  charred  stick  or  powdered 
charcoal  will  accomplish  this.  It  is  the  approved  method  of  ward- 
ing it  off  practiced  by  frontier  men."  Bradley's  Journal,  2  Montana 
Historical  Society  Contributions,  p.  144.  In  the  original  journals  of 
Lewis  and  Clark  it  is  said  that  snow  blindness  is  cured  by  "jentilley 
swetting  the  part  affected  by  throwing  snow  on  a  hot  stone." 


50  [i8io] 

mountain  the  snow  greatly  increased  in  depth  being 
in  places  from  fifty  to  sixty  feet  on  the  ground,  a 
third  of  which  had  fallen  and  drifted  in  that  night. 
The  wind  had  heaped  it  up  in  many  places  to  a 
prodigious  height.     The  strongest  horses  took  the 
front  to  make  a  road  for  us,  but  soon  gave  out  and 
the  ablest  bodied  men  took  their  places  as  pioneers. 
A  horse  occasionally  stepped  out  of  the  beaten  track 
and  sunk  entirely  out  of  sight  in  the  snow.    By  night 
we  had  made  about  four  miles  for  that  day's  travel. 
By  that  night  we  passed  the  ravine  and  reached  the 
Gallatin  river,  being  the  eastern  fork  of  the  Mis- 
souri.   The  river  sweeps  rapidly  by  the  pass  at  its 
western  extremity,  on  each  side  of  which  the  moun- 
tains rise  perpendicularly  from  the    bank    of    the 
river,  and  apparently  stopped  our  progress  up  and 
down  the  east  side  of  the  stream.     I  forded  it  and 
was  followed  by  Dougherty,  Ware^*  and  another, 
when   Colter   discovered   an   opening  through   the 
mountain  on  the  right  or  north  side,  and  through  it 
led  the  rest  of  the   company.     We   however  pro- 
ceeded down  the  left  bank  of  the  river  till  night, 
when  we  encamped  and  supped   (four  of  us)   on  a 
piece   of  buffalo   meat  about  the   size   of  the  two 
hands.     During  this  and  the  preceding  day  we  suf- 
fered from  indistinct  vision,  similar  to  Brown's  afflic- 
tion on  leaving  the  Big  Horn.     We  all  now  became 
blind  as  he  had  been,   from  the   reflection  of  the 
sun's  rays  on  the  snow.    The  hot  tears  trickled  from 
the  swollen  eyes  nearly  blistering  the  cheeks,  and  the 

34  For  sketch  of  William  Weir,  see  Appendix. 


[i8io] 


51 


eye-balls  seemed  bursting  from  our  heads.     At  first, 
the  sight  was  obscured  as  by  a  silk  veil  or  handker- 
chief, and  we  were  unable  to  hunt.     Now  we  could 
not  even  see  our  way  before  us,  and  in  this  dreadful 
situation  we  remained  two  days  and  nights.     Hun- 
ger was  again  Inflicting  its  sEarp  pangs  upon  us,  and 
we  were  upon  the  point  of  killing  one  of  the  pack- 
horses,  when  on  the  fourth  day  after  crossing  the 
Gallatin,  one  of  the  men  killed  a  goose,  of  which, 
being  now  somewhat  recovered  from  our  blindness, 
we  made  a  soup  and  stayed  the  gnawlngs  of  hunger. 
The  next  day  our  eyes  were  much  better,  and  we  for- 
tunately killed  an  elk,  of  which  we  ate  without  ex- 
cess, being  taught  by  experience,  the  dangers  of  glut- 
tony after  a  fast.     We  continued  on  down  the  river 
and  soon  came  in  sight  of  our  comrades  in  the  main 
body  on  the  right  bank.     They,  like  ourselves,  had 
all  been  blind,  and  had  suffered  more  severely  than 
we  from  the  same  causes.     They  had  killed  three 
dogs,  one  a  present  to  me  from  an  Indian,  and  two 
horses  to  appease  the  demands  of  hunger,  before 
they  had  sufficiently  recovered  to  take  sight  on  their 
guns.     While  in  this  distressed  situation  enveloped 
by  thick  darkness  at  midday,  thirty  Snake  Indians 
came  among  them,  and  left  without  committing  any 
depredation.    Brown  and  another,  who  suffered  less 
than  the  others,  saw  and  counted  these  Indians,  who 
might  have  killed  them  all  and  escaped  with  their 
effects  with  perfect  impunity.     Their  preservation 
was  wonderful.    When  we  overtook  them  they  were 
slowly  recovering  from  blindness,   and  we   all  en- 


52  [i8io] 

camped  together,  with  thanklFul  and  joyous  hearts 
for  our  late  and  narrow  escape  from  painful  and 
lingering  death.  We  proceeded  on  in  better  spirits. 
On  the  next  day  we  passed  a  battle  field  of  the  In- 
dians, where  the  skulls  and  bones  were  lying  around 
on  the  ground  in  vast  numbers.  The  battle^^  which 
had  caused  this  terrible  slaughter,  took  place  in 
1808,  the  year  but  one  before,  between  the  Black- 
Feet  to  the  number  of  fifteen  hundred  on  the  one 
side,  and  the  Flat-Heads  and  Crows,  numbering  to- 
gether about  eight  hundred  on  the  other.  Colter 
was  in  the  battle  on  the  side  of  the  latter,  and  was 

35  "It  is  an  act  of  justice  due  to  the  memory  of  the  late  Captain 
Lewis,  to  state  that  the  Blackfeet  Indians  (in  whose  vicinity  Lisa 
now  lives)  were  so  convinced  of  the  propriety  of  his  conduct  in  the 
rencounter  between  him  and  a  party  of  their  people,  in  which  two 
of  them  were  killed,  that  they  did  not  consider  it  a  cause  of  war  or 
hostility  on  their  part;  this  is  proved,  in  as  much  as  the  first  party 
of  Lisa's  men  that  were  met  by  the  Blackfeet  were  treated  civilly. 
This  circumstance  induced  Lisa  to  despatch  one  of  his  men  (Coulter) 
to  the  forks  of  the  Missouri  to  endeavor  to  find  the  Blackfeet  na- 
tion, and  bring  them  to  his  establishment  to  trade.  The  messenger 
unfortunately  fell  in  with  a  party  of  the  Crow  nation,  with  whom 
he  stayed  several  days.  While  with  them  they  were  attacked  by 
their  enemies  the  Blackfeet.  Coulter,  in  self  defence,  took  part  with 
the  Crows.  He  distinguished  himself  very  much  in  the  combat;  and 
the  Blackfeet  were  defeated,  having  plainly  observed  a  white  man 
fighting  in  the  ranks  of  their  enemy.  Coulter  returned  to  the  trad- 
ing house.  In  traversing  the  same  country  a  short  time  after,  in 
company  with  another  man  a  party  of  the  Blackfeet  attempted  to 
stop  them,  without,  however,  evidencing  any  hostile  intentions;  a 
rencounter  ensued,  in  which  the  companion  of  Coulter  and  two  In- 
dians were  killed,  and  Coulter  made  his  escape.  The  next  time 
whites  were  met  by  the  Blackfeet  the  latter  attacked  without  any 
parley."  Letter  of  Major  Thomas  Biddle  to  Col.  Henry  Atkinson, 
written  from  Camp  Missouri,  29  October  1819,  American  State  Pa- 
pers, Indian  Affairs,  Vol.  II,  p.  201.  Thereafter  the  Blackfeet  killed 
the  whites  like  the  white  man  kills  snakes;  the  inoffensive  are  made 
to  suffer  because  some  are  poisonous.  The  naturally  kindly  disposi- 
tion of  the  Blackfeet  is  shown  in  Schultz's  My  Life  as  an  Indian,  and 
McClintock's  The  Old  North  Trail;  two  delightful  books. 


[i8io]  1^2 

wounded  In  the  leg,  and  thus  disabled  from  stand- 
ing. He  crawled  to  a  small  thicket  and  there  loaded 
and  iired  while  sitting  on  the  ground.  The  battle 
was  desperately  fought  on  both  sides,  but  victory  re- 
mained with  the  weaker  party.  The  Black-Feet  en- 
gaged at  first  about  five  hundred  Flat-Heads,  whom 
they  attacked  in  great  fury.  The  noise,  shouts  and 
firing  brought  a  reinforcement  of  Crows  to  the  Flat- 
Heads,  who  were  fighting  with  great  spirit  and  de- 
fending the  ground  manfully.  The  Black-Feet,  who 
are  the  Arabs  of  this  region,  were  at  length  repulsed, 
but  retired  in  perfect  order  and  could  hardly  be  said 
to  have  been  defeated.  The  Flat-Heads  are  a  noble 
race  of  men,  brave,  generous  and  hospitable.  They 
might  be  called  the  Spartans  of  Oregon.  Lewis  & 
Clark  had  received  much  kindness  from  them  in  their 
expedition  to  the  Columbia,  which  waters  their  coun- 
try; and  at  the  time  of  this  well  fought  battle.  Colter 
was  leading  them  to  Manuel's  Fort  to  trade  with 
the  Americans,  when  the  Black  Feet  fell  upon  them 
in  such  numbers  as  seemingly  to  make  their  destruc- 
tion certain.  Their  desperate  courage  saved  them 
from  a  general  massacre. 

The  following  day  we  reached  the  long  sought 
"Forks  of  the  Missouri,"  or  the  place  of  confluence 
of  the  Gallatin,  Madison  and  Jefferson  rivers.  Here 
at  last,  after  ten  months  of  travel,  we  encamped, 
commenced  a  Fort'''  in  the  point  made  by  the  Madi- 
as The  fort  built  by  this  company  at  the  three  forks  of  the  Mis- 
souri is  the  establishment  whose  traces  still  remain  near  Gallatin 
City  and  which  is  popularly  ascribed  to  Lewis  and  Clark.  In  1870, 
the  outlines  of  the  fort  were  still  intact,  from  which  it  appears  it 


54  [i8io] 

son  and  Jefferson  forks,  and  prepared  to  begin  busi- 
ness. This  point  was  the  scene  of  Colter's  escape  in 
the  fall  of  the  year  but  one  before,  from  the  Indians 
and  a  death  by  torture;  an  event  so  extraordinary 
and  thrilling,  as  he  related  it  to  me,  that  it  deserves 
a  brief  narration. 

Note. — The  following  is  the  description  given 
by  G.  W.  Kendall^  of  the  sufferings  from  starva- 
tion, referred  to  on  the  forty-second  page. 

"For  the  first  two  days  through  which  a  strong 
and  hearty  man  is  doomed  to  exist  upon  nothing,  his 
sufferings  are,  perhaps,  more  acute  than  in  the  re- 
maining stages.  He  feels  an  inordinate,  unappeas- 
able, craving  at  the  stomach,  night  and  day.  The 
mind  runs  upon  beef,  bread  and  other  substantial; 
but  still  in  a  great  measure,  the  body  retains  its 
strength.  On  the  third  and  fourth  days,  but  espe- 
cially on  the  fourth,  this  incessant  craving  gives  place 
to  a  sinking  and  weakness  of  the  stomach,  accom- 

was  a  double  stockade  of  logs  set  three  feet  deep,  enclosing  an  area 
of  about  300  feet  square,  situated  upon  the  tongue  of  land  (at  that 
point  half  a  mile  wide)  between  the  Jefferson  and  Madison  Rivers, 
about  two  miles  above  their  confluence,  upon  the  south  bank  of  a 
channel  of  the  former  stream  now  called  the  Jefferson  slough.  Since 
then  the  stream  has  made  such  inroads  upon  the  land  that  only  a 
small  portion  of  the  fort — the  southwest  angle — remains.  It  is  prob- 
able that  every  vestige  of  this  old  relic  will  soon  disappear,  except 
the  few  stumps  of  stockade  logs  that  have  been  removed  by  two  or 
three  gentlemen  of  antiquarian  tastes.  When  Henry  abandoned  the 
fort  a  blacksmith's  anvil  was  left  behind,  which  remained  there  for 
thirty  or  forty  years  undisturbed,  gazed  upon  only  by  the  Indains 
who  regarded  it  with  superstition  and  awe.  At  last  it  disappeared 
and  it  is  said  to  have  been  found  and  removed  by  a  party  of  white 
men."  Bradley's  Journal,  2  Montana  Hist.  Soc.  Contributions,  p. 
148.  Mr.  Peter  Koch,  writing  in  1884,  says:  "Twenty  years  ago 
I  saw  the  remains  of  his  [Lisa's]  stockade  on  the  banks  of  the  Mad- 
ison, but  I  believe  they  have  now  been  washed  away  by  the  en- 
croachments of  the  river,"     lb.,  p.  131. 


55 

panied  by  nausea.  The  unfortunate  sufferer  still 
desires  food,  but  with  loss  of  strength  he  loses  that 
eager  craving  which  is  felt  in  the  earlier  stages. 
Should  he  chance  to  obtain  a  morsel  or  two  of  food, 
as  was  occasionally  the  case  with  us,  he  swallows  it 
with  a  wolfish  avidity;  but  five  minutes  afterwards 
his  sufferings  are  more  intense  than  ever.  He  feels 
as  if  he  had  swallowed  a  living  lobster,  which  is 
clawing  and  feeding  upon  the  very  foundations  of 
his  existence.  On  the  fifth  day  his  cheeks  suddenly 
appear  hollow  and  sunken,  his  body  attenuated,  his 
color  an  ashy  pale,  and  his  eye  wild,  glassy,  cannibal- 
ish.  The  different  parts  of  the  system  now  wage 
war  with  each  other.  The  stomach  calls  upon  the 
legs  to  go  with  it,  in  quest  of  food;  the  legs  from 
very  weakness  refuse.  The  sixth  day  brings  with  it 
incessant  suffering,  although  the  pangs  of  hunger  are 
lost  in  an  overpowering  langor  and  sickness.  The 
head  becomes  giddy — the  ghosts  of  well  remembered 
dinners  pass  in  hideous  procession  through  the  mind. 
The  seventh  day  comes  bringing  in  train  lassitude 
and  further  prostration  of  the  system.  The  arms 
hang  listlessly,  the  legs  drag  heavily.  The  desire 
for  food  is  still  left,  to  a  degree,  but  it  must  be 
brought,  not  sought.  The  miserable  remnant  of  life 
which  still  hangs  to  the  sufferer  is  a  burden  almost 
too  grievous  to  be  borne ;  yet  his  inherent  love  of  ex- 
istence induces  a  desire  still  to  preserve  it,  if  it  can 
be  saved  without  a  tax  upon  bodily  exertion.  The 
mind  wanders.  At  one  moment  he  thinks  his  weary 
limbs  cannot  sustain  him  a  mile — the  next  he  is  en- 
dowed with  unnatural  strength,  and  if  there  be  a 
certainty  of  relief  before  him,  dashes  bravely  and 
strongly  onward,  wondering  where  proceeds  this  new 
and  sudden  impulse.  Farther  than  this  my  experi- 
ence runneth  not." — Vol.  i  p.  226.     The  whole  of 


S6 

the  company — ninety  eight  men — subsisted  for  thir- 
teen days  on  what  was  "really  not  provisions  enough 
for  three,  and  then  came  upon  a  herd  of  17,000 
sheep,  about  eighty  miles  south  east  of  Santa  Fe. 
Here  a  scene  of  feasting  ensued  which  beggars  de- 
scription. .  .  .  Our  men  abandoned  themselves  at 
once  to  eating — perhaps  I  should  rather  call  it  gor- 
mandizing or  stuffing.  .  .  .  Had  the  food  been  any- 
thing but  mutton,  and  had  we  not  procured  an  ample 
supply  of  salt  from  the  Mexicans  to  season  it,  our 
men  might  have  died  of  the  surfeit." — p.  265. 

This  lively  writer,  Geo.  W.  Kendall,  has  told  a 
tale  in  the  book  just  quoted,  of  prairie  life  and  ad- 
venture as  well  as  of  Mexican  barbarity  and  treach- 
ery, and  has  embellished  his  story  with  all  the  graces 
of  style  and  description  calculated  to  render  it  a 
work  of  enduring  interest.      (Author's  note.) 

"Kendall,  George  Wilkins,  Narrative  of  the 
Texas  Santa  Fe  Expedition,  comprising  a  description 
of  a  Tour  Through  Texas  and  Across  the  Great 
Southwestern  Prairies,  the  Comanche  and  Cayuga 
Hunting  Grounds ;  with  an  account  of  the  sufferings 
from  want  of  food,  losses  from  hostile  Indians,  and 
final  capture  of  the  Texans,  and  their  march,  as  pris- 
oners, to  the  City  of  Mexico.  2  vols.  8  vo.  Pp. 
405,  406.  Map  and  Illustrations.  N.  Y.  1844." 
The  foregoing  is  taken  from  Raines'  Texas  Bib- 
liography. The  book  is  not  mentioned  in  the  A.  L. 
A.  Guide  to  the  Literature  of  American  History. 
The  copy  in  the  library  of  the  Missouri  Historical 
Society  is  of  the  seventh  edition,  and  bears  date  1856. 


CHAPTER  TWO. 

Colter's  Race  and  Escapes — Separation  for  Trapping — Descent  of 
the  Missouri — A  Fine  Landscape — Bad  Luck — Alarm  From  In- 
dians— Retreat  to  the  Fort — Death  of  Cheek — Pursuit  of  the 
Indians — Return — The  White  Bears — Incidents  of  Hunting — 
Return  to  the  Twenty  Five  Yard  River — A  Party  of  Gros- Ven- 
tres— Suspected  Robbery — Interview  With  the  Crows — Rapid 
Crossing  of  the  Yellow  Stone — Descent  to  the  Fort  and  the 
"Cache" — Robbery  Made  Certain — Passage  to  the  Missouri — 
Indian  Character  and  Customs — A  Spree,  Ending  Almost  Trag- 
ically— Generosity  of  the  Company — Settlement  With  Them — 
A  Sage  Reflection. 

WHEN  Colter  was  returning  In  1806,  with 
Lewis  and  Clark,  from  Oregon,  he  met  a  com- 
pany of  hunters  ascending  the  Missouri,  by  whom  he 
was  persuaded  to  return  to  the  trapping  region,  to 
hunt  and  trap  with  them.  Here  he  was  found  by 
Liza  in  the  following  year,  whom  he  assisted  in  build- 
ing the  Fort  at  the  Big  Horn.  In  one  of  his  many 
excursions  from  this  post  to  the  Forks  of  the  Mis- 
souri, for  beaver,  he  made  the  wonderful  escape^  ad- 
verted to  in  the  last  chapter  and  which  I  give  pre- 
cisely as  he  related  it  to  me.  His  veracity  was  never 
questioned  among  us  and  his  character  was  that  of  a 

1  John  Bradbury  says  that  he  saw  Colter  at  St.  Louis  on  his  ar- 
rival from  the  upper  Missouri  and  received  from  him  an  account  of 
his  adventures  after  he  had  separated  from  Lewis  and  Clark's  party. 
One  of  these,  the  story  of  the  race,  "from  its  singularity,"  Bradbury 
printed  in  his  interesting  and  valuable  Travels  in  the  Interior  of 
America  (Liverpool,  1817),  at  page  17.  Washington  Irving  copied 
the  story,  from  Bradbury,  into  his  Astoria. 

57 


58  [i8o8] 

true  American  back-woodsman.  He  was  about  thirty- 
five  years  of  age,  five  feet  ten  inches  in  height  and 
wore  an  open,  ingenious,  and  pleasing  countenance  of 
the  Daniel  Boone  stamp.  Nature  had  formed  him, 
like  Boone,  for  hardy  indurance  of  fatigue,  priva- 
tions and  perils.  He  had  gone  with  a  companion 
named  Potts^  to  the  Jefferson  river,  which  is  the  most 
western  of  the  three  Forks,  and  runs  near  the  base  of 
the  mountains.  They  were  both  proceeding  up  the 
river  in  search  of  beaver,  each  in  his  own  canoe, 
when  a  war  party  of  about  eight  hundred  Black-Feet 
Indians  suddenly  appeared  on  the  east  bank  of  the 
river.  The  Chiefs  ordered  them  to  come  ashore, 
and  apprehending  robbery  only,  and  knowing  the 
utter  hopelessness  of  flight,  and  having  dropped  his 
traps  over  the  side  of  the  canoe  from  the  Indians, 
into  the  water,  which  was  here  quite  shallow,  he 
hastened  to  obey  their  mandate.  On  reaching  the 
shore,  he  was  seized,  disarmed  and  stripped  entirely 
naked.  Potts  was  still  in  his  canoe  in  the  middle  of 
the  stream,  where  he  remained  stationary,  watching 
the  result.     Colter  requested  him  to  come  ashore, 

emerges  from  obscurity  on 
'  two   occasions;    first   as   a 

member  of  Lewis  and 
^^  Clark's  party,  and  second 

by  the  circumstances  of  his  death.  After  his  return  from  the  Pacific 
he  entered  Lisa's  employ  and  went  up  the  river  with  the  expedition 
of  1807.  His  estate  was  administered  upon  in  St.  Louis  by  Rufus 
Easton,  but  the  files  in  the  estate  are  missing  and  nothing  has  been 
learned  of  his  antecedents.  The  land  warrant  issued  to  him  under 
the  Act  of  Congress  "making  compensation  to  Messrs.  Lewis  and 
Clark  and  their  companions,"  was  sold  at  public  sale  by  the  admin- 
istrator, II  November,  18 10. 


[i8o8]  59 

which  he  refused  to  do,  saying  he  might  as  well  lose 
his  life  at  once,  as  be  stripped  and  robbed  in  the 
manner  Colter  had  been.  An  Indian  immediately 
fired  and  shot  him  about  the  hip;  he  dropped  down 
in  the  canoe,  but  instantly  rose  with  his  rifle  in  his 
hands.  "Are  you  hurt,"  said  Colter.  "Yes,  said  he, 
too  much  hurt  to  escape ;  if  you  can  get  away  do  so, 
I  will  kill  at  least  one  of  them."  He  leveled  his  rifle 
and  shot  an  Indian  dead.  In  an  instant,  at  least  a 
hundred  bullets  pierced  his  body  and  as  many  sav- 
ages rushed  into  the  stream  and  pulled  the  canoe, 
containing  his  riddled  corpse,  ashore.  They  dragged 
the  body  up  onto  the  bank,  and  with  their  hatchets 
and  knives  cut  and  hacked  it  all  to  pieces,  and  limb 
from  limb.  The  entrails,  heart,  lungs  &c.,  they 
threw  into  Colter's  face.  The  relations  of  the  killed 
Indian  were  furious  with  rage  and  struggled,  with 
tomahawk  in  hand,  to  reach  Colter,  while  others 
held  them  back.  He  was  every  moment  expecting 
the  death  blow  or  the  fatal  shot  that  should  lay  him 
beside  his  companion.  A  council  was  hastily  held 
over  him  and  his  fate  quickly  determined  upon.  He 
expected  to  die  by  tomahawk,  slow,  lingering  and 
horrible.  But  they  had  magnanimously  determined 
to  give  him  a  chance,  though  a  slight  one,  for  his 
life.  After  the  council,  a  Chief  pointed  to  the 
prairie  and  motioned  him  away  with  his  hand,  say- 
ing in  the  Crow  language,  "go — go  away."  He  sup- 
posed they  intended  to  shoot  him  as  soon  as  he  was 
out  of  the  crowd  and  presented  a  fair  mark  to  their 
guns.    He  started  in  a  walk,  and  an  old  Indian  with 


6o  [1808] 

Impatient  signs  and  exclamations,  told  him  to  go 
faster,  and  as  he  still  kept  a  walk,  the  same  Indian 
manifested  his  wishes  by  still  more  violent  gestures 
and  adjurations.     When  he  had  gone  a  distance  of 
eighty  or  a  hundred  yards  from  the  army  of  his 
enemies,  he  saw  the  younger  Indians  throwing  off 
their  blankets,  leggings,  and  other  Incumbrances,  as 
If  for  a  race.     Now  he  knew  their  object.     He  was 
to  run  a  race,  of  which  the  prize  was  to  be  his  own 
Hfe  and  scalp.     Off  he  started  with  the  speed  of  the 
wind.     The  war-whoop  and  yell  Immediately  arose 
behind  him;  and  looking  back,  he  saw  a  large  com- 
pany of  young  warriors,  with  spears.  In  rapid  pur- 
suit.    He  ran  with  all  the  strength  that  nature,  ex- 
cited to  the  utmost,  could  give ;  fear  and  hope  lent 
a  supernatural  vigor  to  his  limbs  and  the  rapidity 
of  his  flight  astonished  himself.    The  Madison  Fork 
lay  directly  before  him,  five  miles  from  his  starting 
place.  He  had  run  half  the  distance  when  his  strength 
began  to  fall  and  the  blood  to  gush  from  his  nostrils. 
At  every  leap  the  red  stream  spurted  before  him,  and 
his  Hmbs  were  growing  rapidly  weaker  and  weaker. 
He  stopped  and  looked  back;  he  had  far  outstripped 
all  his  pursuers  and  could  get  off  If  strength  would 
only  hold  out.     One  soHtary  Indian,  far  ahead  of 
the  others,  was  rapidly  approaching,  with  a  spear 
In  his  right  hand,  and  a  blanket  streaming  behind 
from  his  left  hand  and  shoulder.     Despairing  of  es- 
cape. Colter  awaited  his  pursuer  and  called  to  him 
In  the  Crow  language,  to  save  his  life.     The  savage 
did  not  seem  to  hear  him,  but  letting  go  his  blanket, 


[i8o8]  6i 

and  seizing  his  spear  with  both  hands,  he  rushed  at 
Colter,  naked  and  defenceless  as  he  stood  before  him 
and  made  a  desperate  lunge  to  transfix  him.  Colter 
seized  the  spear,  near  the  head,  with  his  right  hand, 
and  exerting  his  whole  strength,  aided  by  the  weight 
of  the  falling  Indian,  who  had  lost  his  balance  in  the 
fury  of  the  onset,  he  broke  off  the  iron  head  or  blade 
which  remained  in  his  hand,  while  the  savage  fell  to 
the  ground  and  lay  prostrate  and  disarmed  before 
him.  Now  was  his  turn  to  beg  for  his  life,  which 
he  did  in  the  Crow  language,  and  held  up  his  hands 
imploringly,  but  Colter  was  not  in  a  mood  to  remem- 
ber the  golden  rule,  and  pinned  his  adversary 
through  the  body  to  the  earth  by  one  stab  with  the 
spear  head.  He  quickly  drew  the  weapon  from  the 
body  of  the  now  dying  Indian,  and  seizing  his  blan- 
ket as  lawful  spoil,  he  again  set  out  with  renewed 
strength,  feeling,  he  said  to  me,  as  if  he  had  not  run 
a  mile.  A  shout  and  yell  arose  from  the  pursuing 
army  in  his  rear  as  from  a  legion  of  devils,  and  he 
saw  the  prairie  behind  him  covered  with  Indians  in 
full  and  rapid  chase.  Before  him,  if  anywhere,  was 
life  and  safety;  behind  him  certain  death;  and  run- 
ning as  never  man  before  sped  the  foot,  except,  per- 
haps, at  the  Olympic  Games,  he  reached  his  goal, 
the  Madison  river  and  the  end  of  his  five  mile  heat. 
Dashing  through  the  willows  on  the  bank  he  plunged 
into  the  stream  and  saw  close  beside  him  a  beaver 
house,  standing  like  a  coal-pit  about  ten  feet  above 
the  surface  of  the  water,  which  was  here  of  about 
the  same  depth.     This  presented  to  him  a  refuge 


62  [i8o8] 

from  his  ferocious  enemies  of  which  he  immediately 
availed  himself.  Diving  under  the  water  he  arose 
into  the  beaver  house,  where  he  found  a  dry  and 
comfortable  resting  place  on  the  upper  floor  or 
story  of  this  singular  structure.  The  Indians  soon 
came  up,  and  in  their  search  for  him  they  stood  upon 
the  roof  of  his  house  of  refuge,  which  he  expected 
every  moment  to  hear  them  breaking  open.  He  also 
feared  that  they  would  set  it  on  fire.  After  a  dili- 
gent search  on  that  side  of  the  river,  they  crossed 
over,  and  in  about  two  hours  returned  again  to  his 
temporary  habitation  in  which  he  was  enjoying  bod- 
ily rest,  though  with  much  anxious  foreboding.  The 
beaver  houses  are  divided  into  two  stories  and  will 
generally  accommodate  several  men  in  a  dry  and 
comfortable  lodging.  In  this  asylum  Colter  kept 
fast  till  night.  The  cries  of  his  terrible  enemies  had 
gradually  died  away,  and  all  was  still  around  him, 
when  he  ventured  out  of  his  hiding  place,  by  the 
same  opening  under  the  water  by  which  he  entered 
and  which  admits  the  beavers  to  their  building.  He 
swam  the  river  and  hastened  towards  the  mountain 
gap  or  ravine,  about  thirty  miles  above  on  the  river, 
through  which  our  company  passed  in  the  snow  with 
so  much  difficulty.  Fearing  that  the  Indians  might 
have  guarded  this  pass,  which  was  the  only  outlet 
from  the  valley,  and  to  avoid  the  danger  of  a  sur- 
prise. Colter  ascended  the  almost  perpendicular 
mountain  before  him,  the  tops  and  sides  of  which  a 
great  way  down,  were  covered  with  perpetual  snow. 
He  clambered  up  this  fearful  ascent  about  four  miles 


[i8o8]  63 

below  the  gap,  holding  on  by  the  rocks,  shrubs  and 
branches  of  trees,  and  by  morning  had  reached  the 
top.  He  lay  there  concealed  all  that  day,  and  at 
night  proceeded  on  in  the  descent  of  the  mountain, 
which  he  accomplished  by  dawn.  He  now  hastened 
on  in  the  open  plain  towards  Manuel's  Fort  on  the 
Big  Horn,  about  three  hundred  miles  ahead  in  the 
north-east.  He  travelled  day  and  night,  stopping 
only  for  necessary  repose,  and  eating  roots  and  the 
bark  of  trees,  for  eleven  days.  He  reached  the  Fort, 
nearly  exhausted  by  hunger,  fatigue  and  excitement. 
His  only  clothing  was  the  Indian's  blanket,  whom  he 
had  killed  in  the  race,  and  his  only  weapon,  the  same 
Indian's  spear  which  he  brought  to  the  Fort  as  a 
trophy.  His  beard  was  long,  his  face  and  whole 
body  were  thin  and  emaciated  by  hunger,  and  his 
limbs  and  feet  swollen  and  sore.  The  company  at 
the  Fort  did  not  recognize  him  in  this  dismal  plight 
until  he  made  himself  known.  Colter  now  with  me 
passed  over  the  scene  of  his  capture  and  wonderful 
escape,  and  described  his  emotions  during  the  whole 
adventure  with  great  minuteness.  Not  the  least  of 
his  exploits  was  the  scaling  of  the  mountain,  which 
seemed  to  me  impassible  even  by  the  mountain  goat. 
As  I  looked  at  its  rugged  and  perpendicular  sides  I 
wondered  how  he  ever  reached  the  top — a  feat  prob- 
ably never  performed  before  by  mortal  man.  The 
whole  affair  is  a  fine  example  of  the  quick  and  ready 
thoughtfulness  and  presence  of  mind  in  a  desperate 
situation,  and  the  power  of  endurance,  which  char- 
acterise the  western  pioneer.    As  we  passed  over  the 


64  [1808-1809] 

ground  where  Colter  ran  his  race,  and  listened  to  his 
story  an  undefinable  fear  crept  over  all.  We  felt 
awe-struck  by  the  nameless  and  numerous  dangers 
that  evidently  beset  us  on  every  side.  Even  Cheek's 
courage  sunk  and  his  hitherto  buoyant  and  cheerful 
spirit  was  depressed  at  hearing  of  the  perils  of  the 
place.  He  spoke  despondingly  and  his  mind  was 
uneasy,  restless  and  fearful.  "I  am  afraid,"  said 
he,  "and  I  acknowledge  it.  I  never  felt  fear  before 
but  now  I  feel  it."  A  melancholy  that  seemed  like  a 
presentiment  of  his  own  fate,  possessed  him,  and  to 
us  he  was  serious  almost  to  sadness,  until  he  met  his 
death  a  few  days  afterwards  from  the  same  Black- 
feet  from  whom  Colter  escaped.  Colter  told  us  the 
particulars  of  a  second  adventure  which  I  will  give 
to  the  reader.  In  the  winter  when  he  had  recovered 
from  the  fatigues  of  his  long  race  and  journey,  he 
wished  to  recover  the  traps  which  he  had  dropped 
into  the  Jefferson  Fork  on  the  first  appearance  of  the 
Indians  who  captured  him.  He  supposed  the  In- 
dians were  all  quiet  in  winter  quarters,  and  retraced 
his  steps  to  the  Gallatin  Fork.  He  had  just  passed 
the  mountain  gap,  and  encamped  on  the  bank  of  the 
river  for  the  night  and  kindled  a  fire  to  cook  his  sup- 
per of  buffalo  meat  when  he  heard  the  crackling  of 
leaves  and  branches  behind  him  in  the  direction  of 
the  river.  He  could  see  nothing,  it  being  quite  dark, 
but  quickly  heard  the  cocking  of  guns  and  instantly 
leaped  over  the  fire.  Several  shots  followed  and 
bullets  whistled  around  him,  knocking  the  coals  off 
his  fire  over  the  ground.    Again  he  fled  for  life,  and 


[i8o9-i8io]  5^ 

the  second  time,  ascended  the  perpendicular  moun- 
tain which  he  had  gone  up  in  his  former  flight  fear- 
ing now  as  then,  that  the  pass  might  be  guarded  by 
Indians.     He  reached  the  top  before  morning  and 
resting  for  the  day  descended  the  next  night,  and 
then  made  his  way  with  all  possible  speed,  to  the 
Fort.     He  said  that  at  the  time,  he  promised  God 
Almighty  that  he  would  never  return  to  this  region 
again  if  he  were  only  permitted  to  escape  once  more 
with  his  life.     He  did  escape  once  more,  and  was 
now  again  in  the  same  country,  courting  the  same 
dangers,  which  he  had  so  often  braved,   and  that 
seemed  to  have  for  him  a  kind  of  fascination.    Such 
men,  and  there  are  thousands  of  such,  can  only  hve 
in  a  state  of  excitement  and  constant  action.     Perils 
and  danger  are  their  natural  element  and  their  fa- 
miharity  with  them  and  indifference  to  their  fate, 
are  well  illustrated  in  these  adventures  of  Colter. 

A  few  days  afterward,-when  Cheek  was  killed  and 
Colter  had  another  narrow  escape,  he  came  into  the 
Fort,  and  said  he  had  promised  his  Maker  to  leave 
the  country,  and  ''now"  said  he,  throwing  down  his 
hat  on  the  ground,  "if  God  will  only  forgive  me  this 
time  and  let  me  off  I  will  leave  the  country  day  after 
to-morrow—  and  be  d— d  if  I  ever  come  into  it 
agam."  He  left  accordingly,  in  company  with  young 
Bryant  of  Philadelphia,  whose  father  was  a  mer- 

3  William  Bryan  (not  Bryant)  was  a  kinsman  of  the  Morrisons 
He  was  the  bearer  of  Col.  Menard's  letter  to  Pierre  Chouteau,  print- 
ed in  Chittenden's  History  of  the  American  Fur  Trade  (Vol%  n 
893),  and  from  that  his  first  name  is  obtained.  Nothing  further  has 
been  learned  about  him. 


66  [i8io] 

chant  of  that  city,  and  one  other  whose  name  I  for- 
get. They  were  attacked  by  the  Blackfeet  just  be- 
yond the  mountains,  but  escaped  by  hiding  in  a 
thicket,  where  the  Indians  were  afraid  to  follow 
them,  and  at  night  they  proceeded  towards  the  Big 
Horn,  lying  concealed  in  the  day-time.  They  reached 
St.  Louis^  safely,  and  a  few  years  after  I  heard  of 
Colter's  death  by  jaundice. 

We  arrived  at  the  Forks  of  the  Missouri  on  the 

third  day  of  April,  1810,  ten  months  after  leaving 

St.  Louis  and  two  months  and  one  day  after  quitting 

my  cabin  above  the  Gros  Ventre  village.     We  had 

now   reached  our  place   of  business,   trapping   for 

beaver,  and  prepared  to  set  to  work.     Dougherty, 

Brown,  Ware  and  myself  agreed  to  trap  in  company 

on  the  Missouri  between  the  Forks  and  the  Falls, 

which  lie  several  hundred  miles  down  the  river  to 

the  north,  from  the  Forks.     We  made  two  canoes 

by  hollowing  out  the  trunks  of  two  trees  and  on  the 

third  or  fourth  day  after  our  arrival  at  the  Forks 

we  were  ready  to  start  on  an  expedition  down  the 

river.    The  rest  of  the  Americans  with  a  few  French, 

in  all  eighteen  in  number,  determined  to  go  up  the 

Jefferson  river   for  trapping,   and  the  rest  of  the 

company  under  Col  Menard  remained  to  complete 

the  Fort  and  trading  house  at  the  Forks  between  the 

Jefferson  and  Madison  rivers.      On  parting  from 

Cheek,  he  said  in  a  melancholy  tone,  "J^^nes  you  are 

4  Bradbury  says,  ''This  man  came  to  St.  Louis  in  May  1810,  in  a 
small  canoe,  from  the  head  waters  of  the  Missouri,  a  distance  of 
three  thousand  miles,  which  he  traversed  in  thirty  days." 


[i8io]  6^ 

going   down   the    Missouri,    and   it   is   the   general 
opinion  that  you  will  be  killed.     The  Blackfeet  are 
at  the  falls,  encamped  I  hear,  and  we  fear  you  will 
never  come  back.    But  I  am  afraid  for  myself  as  well 
as  you.     I  know  not  the  cause,  but  I  have  felt  fear 
ever  since  I  came  to  the  Forks,  and  I  never  was 
afraid  of  anything  before.    You  may  come  out  safe, 
and  I  may  be  killed.     Then  you  will  say,  there  was 
Cheek  afraid  to  go  with  us  down  the  river  for  fear 
of  death,  and  now  he  has  found  his  grave  by  going 
up  the  river.    I  may  be  dead  when  you  return."    His 
words  made  little  impression  on  me  at  the  time,  but 
his  tragical  end  a  few  days  afterwards  recalled  them 
to  my  mind  and  stamped  them  on  my  memory  for- 
ever.    I  endeavored  to  persuade  him  to  join  our 
party,  while  he  was  equally  urgent  for  me  to  join 
his,  saying  that  if  we  went  in  one  company  our  force 
would  afford  more  protection  from  Indians,  than  In 
small  parties,  while  I  contended  that  the  fewer  our 
numbers  the  better  would  be  our  chance  of  conceal- 
ment and  escape  from  any  war  parties  that  might 
be  traversing  the  country.    We  parted  never  to  meet 
again,  taking  opposite  directions  and  both  of  us  go- 
ing into  the  midst  of  dangers.     My  company  of  four 
started  down  the  river  and  caught  some  beaver  on 
the  first  day.     On  the  second  we  passed  a  very  high 
spur  of  the  mountain  on  our  right.     The  mountains 
in  sight  on  our  left,  were  not  so  high  as  those  to  the 
east  of  us.     On  the  third  day  we  issued  from  very 
high  and  desolate  mountains  on  both  sides  of  us, 
whose  tops  are  covered  with  snow  throughout  the 


68  [i8io] 

year,  and  came  upon  a  scene  of  beauty  and  magnifi- 
cence combined,  unequalled  by  any  other  view  of  na- 
ture that  I  ever  beheld.  It  really  realized  all  my  con- 
ceptions of  the  Garden  of  Eden.  In  the  west  the 
peaks  and  pinnacles  of  the  Rocky  Mountains  shone 
resplendent  in  the  sun.  The  snow  on  their  tops  sent 
back  a  beautiful  reflection  of  the  rays  of  the  morn- 
ing sun.  From  the  sides  of  the  dividing  ridge  be- 
tween the  waters  of  the  Missouri  and  Columbia, 
there  sloped  gradually  down  to  the  bank  of  the 
river  we  were  on,  a  plain,  then  covered  with  every 
variety  of  wild  animals  peculiar  to  this  region,  while 
on  the  east  another  plain  arose  by  a  very  gradual  as- 
cent, and  extended  as  far  as  the  eye  could  reach. 
These  and  the  mountain  sides  were  dark  with  Buf- 
falo, Elk,  Deer,  Moose,  Wild  Goats  and  Wild 
Sheep;  some  grazing,  some  lying  down  under  the 
trees  and  all  enjoying  a  perfect  millenium  of  peace 
and  quiet.  On  the  margin  the  swan,  geese  and  peH- 
cans,  cropped  the  grass  or  floated  on  the  surface  of 
the  water.  The  cotton  wood  trees  seemed  to  have 
been  planted  by  the  hand  of  man  on  the  bank  of  the 
river  to  shade  our  way,  and  the  pines  and  cedars 
waved  their  tall,  majestic  heads  along  the  base  and 
on  the  sides  of  the  mountains.  The  whole  landscape 
was  that  of  the  most  splendid  English  Park.  The 
stillness,  beauty  and  loveliness  of  this  scene,  struck 
us  all  with  indescribable  emotions.  We  rested  on 
the  oars  and  enjoyed  the  whole  view  in  silent  aston- 
ishment and  admiration.  Nature  seemed  to  have 
rested  here,  after  creating  the  wild  mountains  and 


•'': 


[i8io]  69 

chasms  among  which  we  had  voyaged  for  two  days. 
Dougherty,  as  if  inspired  by  the  scene  with  the 
spirit  of  poetry  and  song,  broke  forth  in  one  of 
Burns'  noblest  lyrics,  which  found  a  deep  echo  in  our 
hearts.  We  floated  on  till  evening  through  this  most 
delightful  country,  when  we  stopped  and  prepared 
supper  on  the  bank  of  the  river.  We  set  our  traps 
and  before  going  to  rest  for  the  night  we  examined 
them  and  found  a  beaver  in  every  one,  being  twenty- 
three  in  all.  In  the  morning  we  were  nearly  as  suc- 
cessful as  before  and  were  cheered  with  thoughts  of 
making  a  speedy  fortune.  We  determined  to  re- 
main in  this  second  paradise  as  long  as  our  pursuits 
would  permit.  We  skinned  our  beaver,  ate  break- 
fast and  started  to  go  further  down  the  river  in 
search  of  a  good  camp  ground.  Brown  and  Dough- 
erty started  in  a  canoe,  before  Ware  and  I  were 
ready,  and  after  going  about  two  hundred  yards, 
they  struck  a  rock  concealed  under  the  water,  over- 
turned the  canoe,  and  lost  all  our  skins  and  ammuni- 
tion except  the  little  powder  in  our  horns  and  few 
skins  left  behind.  They  also  lost  their  guns,  but 
saved  themselves  and  the  canoe.  Ware  and  I  soon 
followed  them,  and  we  all  encamped  at  the  mouth 
of  a  small  creek  on  the  left  side  of  the  river.  Here 
Ware  and  I  remained  while  the  two  others  went 
back  to  the  Fort  to  procure  other  guns  and  ammuni- 
tion, taking  with  them  one  of  our  guns.  They 
reached  the  Fort  the  first  night,  having  saved  a  great 
distance  by  crossing  the  country  and  cutting  off  the 
bend  of  the  river  which  here  makes  a  large  sweep 


70  [i8io] 

to  the  east.  They  went  up  on  the  west  side  or  that 
next  to  the  mountains  waded  Jefferson's  Fork  and 
entered  the  Fort  late  at  night.  Early  the  next  morn- 
ing the  whole  garrison  was  aroused  by  an  alarm 
made  by  Valle  and  several  Frenchmen  who  came  in, 
as  if  pursued  by  enemies,  and  informed  them  that 
the  whole  party  who  had  gone  up  the  Jefferson,  at 
the  time  of  our  departure  down  the  Missouri,  had 
been  killed  by  the  Indians,  and  that  they  expected  an 
immediate  attack  on  the  Fort.  The  whole  garrison 
prepared  for  resistance.  The  next  morning  after 
Valle's  arrival.  Colter  came  in  unhurt,  with  a  few 
others,  and  said  there  were  no  Indians  near  the 
Fort.  Col.  Menard  despatched  Dougherty  and 
Brown,  on  the  same  day,  to  us  with  the  request  that 
we  should  hasten  to  the  Fort  to  assist  in  its  defence. 
Being  well  mounted,  they  came  up  to  our  camp  as  wq 
were  preparing  dinner.  Their  faces  were  pale  with 
fright,  and  in  great  trepidation  they  told  us  they  had 
seen  Indian  "signs"  on  the  route  from  the  Fort — 
that  a  horse  with  a  rope  about  his  neck  had  run  up 
and  snuffed  around  them  as  if  in  search  of  his  mas- 
ter, and  then  disappeared — that  an  Indian  dog  had 
performed  the  same  action.  Every  thing  indicated 
that  Indians  were  near,  and  we  hastened  to  depart 
for  the  Fort.  We  proceeded  up  the  creek  near  whose 
mouth  we  had  encamped,  and  were  screened  from 
view  on  the  north  by  the  willows  on  our  right.  We 
had  gone  very  cautiously  four  miles,  when  we  left 
the  river,  and  I  perceived  a  small  herd  of  buffalo  In 
the  creek  bottom  far  to  our  right,  start  bounding  off 


'I       1 '  J  1   1 1 


From  miniature  presented  to  Missouri  Historical  Society 
by  Mrs.  Minnie  V'alle  Fairfield. 


[i8io]  71 

as  If  from  pursuers  In  the  rear,  and  Immediately 
after,  I  descried  through  an  opening  In  the  willows, 
eight  Indians,  walking  rapidly  across  the  plain  In  the 
direction  of  our  late  camp.  I  Informed  the  others 
of  my  observation,  and  Ware  horror  stricken  pro- 
posed Immediate  flight.  I  protested  against  this 
course  and  no  one  seconded  him,  but  we  were  all 
alarmed  and  the  chins  and  lips  of  some  quivered  as 
they  spoke.  I  said  that  we  could  not  all  escape,  hav- 
ing but  two  horses  among  us,  that  we  had,  perhaps, 
seen  the  whole  force  of  the  Indians,  and  that  they 
might  not  have  seen  us  at  all;  that  we  could  fight 
eight  with  success.  I  proposed  that  if  attacked  we 
should  make  a  breast-work  of  our  horses  and  two 
of  us  should  fire  upon  them  at  a  hundred  yards,  that 
the  other  two  should  fire  at  fifty  yards,  that  the  re- 
loaded guns  should  despatch  the  third  couple,  and 
our  knives  and  pistols  finish  the  seventh  and  eighth. 
This  Bobadll  proposition  revived  their  spirits  won- 
derfully, and  they  Instantly  dismissed  all  thoughts  of 
flight.  Ware  and  I  ascended  a  small  height  to  watch 
the  Indians,  while  the  rest  went  on  with  the  horses, 
which  travelled  slowly  with  packs.  Here  we  saw 
the  Indians  go  up  to  our  deserted  camp,  the  smoke 
from  which  had  attracted  them  thither.  The  smoke 
in  this  clear  atmosphere  Is  visible  to  a  great  distance. 
The  hunters  said  they  had  seen  the  smoke  from  an 
ordinary  fire  in  the  prairies  for  three  hundred  miles. 
We  proceeded  without  pursuit,  and  at  two  o'clock 
the  next  morning  we  reached  the  Jefferson  Fork, 
opposite  the  Fort.     UnwIUIng  to  risk  the  danger  of 


72  [i8io] 

an  attack  by  delay  we  forded  the  river  with  great 
difficulty,  and  went  towards  the  Fort,  whence  some 
dogs  rushed  upon  us  barking  furiously.     I  spoke  to 
the  dogs,  and  a  voice  hailed  us  from  the  Fort  with 
"who's  there?"  I  answered  promptly,  and  thus  saved 
ourselves  from  a  volley,  for  when  we  entered  the 
Fort,  the  whole  garrison  was  drawn  up  with  fingers 
upon  triggers.    They  were  expecting  an  attack  every 
moment,  and  did  not  look  for  us  so  soon.     They 
were  all  in  the  greatest  consternation.     Lieutenant 
EmmeP  with  those  before  mentioned  of  the  trap- 
ping party  up  the  river,  had  come  in  and  they  sup- 
posed that  all  the  rest  had  been  killed.  They  had  had 
a  very  narrow  escape  themselves,  as  all  but  Colter 
probably  considered  it;  he  with  his  large  experience, 
naturally  looked  upon  the  whole  as  an  ordinary  oc- 
currence.    During  the  day  others  came  in  and  we 


^  Michael  E.  Im- 
MELL  was  one  of 
the  subordinates 

in  the  Fur  Company,  but  he  possessed  many  of  the  qualities  of  a 
great  leader.  He  was  loyal,  brave,  resourceful  and  persistent.  He 
went  up  the  river  with  the  Fur  Company  in  1809,  and  was  killed 
in  battle  with  the  Blackfeet  31  May,  1823.  There  is  no  record  of 
his  having  returned  to  St.  Louis  after  his  departure  in  1809,  though, 
in  1 8 12,  he  came  as  far  down  as  St.  Charles,  where,  meeting  the 
upward  bound  party,  he  turned  back.  For  many  years  he  was 
Lisa's  trusted  lieutenant.  He  was  born,  probably,  in  Pennsylvania, 
but  the  year  of  his  birth  is  not  known.  He  came  to  St.  Louis  in 
the  early  part  of  1804,  and  later  became  a  member  of  the  ist  In- 
fantry (Colonel  Thomas  Hunt's  regiment),  in  which  he  was  ap- 
pointed ensign  10  June,  1807,  and  second  lieutenant  14  October, 
1808.  He  resigned  from  the  army  30  October,  1808.  During  the 
period  of  his  army  service  he  was  stationed  at  Fort  Bellefontaine, 
though  for  a  short  time,  in  1808,  he  commanded  the  small  garri- 
son at  St.  Louis. 


[i8io]  ^3 

learned  from  them  the  extent  of  our  losses.     The 
company  consisting  of  eighteen,  had  proceeded  up 
the  bank  of  the  Jefferson,  trapping,  and  on  the  third 
day  had  pitched  their  tents  for  the  night,  near  the 
river,  and  about  forty  miles  from  the  Fort.     Cheek, 
HulP  and  Ayers^  were  employed  In  preparing  the 
camp,  while  the  rest  had  dispersed  In  various  direc- 
tions to  kill  game,  when  some  thirty  or  forty  Indians 
appeared  on  the  prairie  south  of  them,  running  afoot 
and  on  horses,  toward  the  camp.    Valle  and  two  men 
whose  names  I  forget,  came  running  up  to  Cheek  and 
others  and  told  them  to  catch  their  horses  and  es- 
cape.    This  Cheek  refused  to  do,  but  seizing  his 
rifle  and  pistols,  said  he  would  stay  and  abide  his 
fate.     ^'My  time  has  come,  but  I  will  kill  at  least 
two  of  them,  and  then  I  don't  care."     His  gloomy 
forebodings  were  about  to  be  fulfilled  through  his 
own  recklessness   and  obstinacy.     Ayers  ran  fran- 
tically about,  paralysed  by  fear  and  crying,  "O  God, 
O  God,  what  can  I  do."     Though  a  horse  with 
within  reach  he  was  disabled  by  terror  from  mount- 

6  In  the  lists  of  the  Fur  Company's  employees  for  1812-13  is  the 
name  Francois  Oul  and  Francois  Oulle.  In  the  journal  of  these 
years  this  person  is  called  "Woahl."  To  American  ears  the  sound 
of  Ou  would  suggest  Hull.  The  writer  of  the  journal  who  calls  it 
Woah  ,  seems  to  have  been  a  German.  There  was  a  Francois  Oule, 
and  also  a  family  named  Hull,  in  St.  Clair  County,  Illinois,  about 
this  time.  Whether  the  man  mentoined  by  James  as  Hull  and  the 
Uul  who  was  with  the  expedition  of  1812  are  identical,  is  a  mat- 
ter of  conjecture  only,  with  the  probabilities  in  favor  of  the  affirma- 
tive.    The  St.  Louis  records  afford  no  help. 

JAyers  has  not  been  identified.     There  was  an  Ebenezer  Ayers 
who  settled  with  his  family  in  St.  Charles  County  in  Spanish  times, 


74  [i8io] 

ing  and  saving  his  life.  Courage  and  cowardice  met 
the  same  fate,  though  in  very  different  manners.  Hull 
stood  coolly  examining  his  rifle  as  if  for  battle.  The 
enemy  were  coming  swiftly  toward  them,  and  Valle 
and  his  two  companions  started  off  pursued  by 
mounted  Indians.  The  sharp  reports  of  Cheek's 
rifle  and  pistols  were  soon  heard,  doing  the  work  of 
death  upon  the  savages,  and  then  a  volley  of  mus- 
ketry sent  the  poor  fellow  to  his  long  home. 

Lieutenant  Emmel  and  another  came  in  from  hunt- 
ing, about  dusk,  ignorant  of  the  fate  of  their  fellows, 
and  seeing  the  tent  gone  they  supposed  the  place  of 
the  camp  had  been  changed.    Hearing  a  noise  at  the 
river,  Emmel  went  down  to  the  bank,  whence  he  saw 
through  the  willows,  on  the  opposite  side,  a  camp  of 
thirty  Indian  lodges,  a  woman  coming  down  to  the 
river  with  a  brass  kettle  which  he  would  have  sworn 
was  his  own,  and  also  a  white  man  bound  by  both 
arms  to  a  tree.    He  could  not  recognize  the  prisoner, 
but  supposed  he  was  an  American.     On  returning  to 
the  place  where  Cheek  had  pitched  his  tent,  he  saw 
his  dead  body  without  the  scalp,  lying  where  he  had 
bravely  met  his  end.     He  then  hastened  to  the  Fort 
where  his  arrival  has  been  noticed  before.  A  greater 
part  of  the  garrison,  with  myself,  started  out  on  the 
morning  of  my  coming  in  to  go  in  pursuit  of  the  In- 
dians, up  the  river,  and  to  bury  our  dead.  We  found 
and  buried  the  corpses  of  our  murdered  comrades, 
Cheek  and  Ayers ;  the  latter  being  found  in  the  river 
near  the  bank.     Hull  was  never  heard  of,  and  two 


[i8io]  75 

others,  Rucker^  and  Fleehart  were  also  missing;  be- 
ing killed  or  taken  prisoners  by  the  Indians.  An  In- 
dian was  found  dead,  with  two  bullets  in  his  body, 
supposed  to  be  from  Cheek's  pistol.  The  body  was 
carefully  concealed  under  leaves  and  earth,  and  sur- 
rounded by  logs.  We  followed  the  trail  of  the  sav- 
ages for  two  days  when  we  missed  it  and  gave  up 
the  chase.  Many  of  the  men  wished  to  pursue  them 
into  the  mountains,  but  Col.  Menard  judged  it  im- 
prudent to  go  farther  in  search  of  them,  as  we  should, 
probably,  come  upon  an  army  of  which  this  party 
was  but  a  detachment.  He  thought  the  main  body 
was  very  large,  and  not  distant  from  us  or  the  Fort, 
and  therefore  determined  to  return  and  await  them 
there.  We  accordingly  retraced  our  steps  to  the 
Fort,  and  remained  in  it,  with  our  whole  force,  for 
several  days,  expecting  an  attack.  No  attack  was 
made,  however,  nor  did  an  enemy  make  his  appear- 
ance afterwards,  except  In  the  shape  of  white,  grey, 
brown  and  grizzly  bears.  Seeing  nothing  of  our  ene- 
mies, the  Blackfeet,  we  soon  became  emboldened  and 
ventured  out  of  the  Fort  to  hunt  and  trap,  to  the  dis- 
tance of  about  six  miles.  In  these  short  expeditions 
the  men  had  frequent  encountres  with  bears,  which 
In  this  region  are  of  enormous  size,  sometimes  weigh- 
ing 800  pounds  each,  and  when  w^ounded,  are  the 
most  terribly  ferocious  and  dangerous  to  the  hunter 
of  all  other  animals.  The  African  Lion  and  Bengal 
Tiger  are  the  only  beasts  of  prey,  that  In  ferocity 

s  Rucker  is  an  old  name  in  Missouri.     Fleehart  was  probably  a 
Pennsylvanian.     Neither  have  been  identified. 


76  [i8io] 

and  power,  can  be  compared  with  the  Grey  or  Griz- 
zly Bear  of  the  Rocky  Mountains.  These  were  the 
terrors  of  our  men  as  much  as  were  the  Indians,  and 
they  usually  spoke  of  them  both  as  equally  terrible 
and  equally  to  be  avoided.  The  great  strength  of 
the  Bear,  his  swiftness  and  utter  insensibility  to 
danger  when  wounded,  render  him  as  dangerous  to 
the  hunter  as  the  Tiger  or  the  Lion.  The  first  shot 
is  seldom  fatal  upon  him,  on  account  of  the  thickness 
of  his  skin  and  skull,  and  the  great  quantity  of  fat 
and  flesh  that  envelope  his  heart,  and  make  an  almost 
impenetrable  shield  in  front.  I  will  relate  a  few  ad- 
ventures with  this  North  American  king  of  beasts, 
and  then  proceed  with  my  narrative. 

Ware,  an  American,  was  hunting  on  an  island  in 
the  Madison  river,  a  short  distance  from  the  Fort 
and  came  suddenly,  in  a  buffalo  path,  upon  a  white 
or  grey  Bear.  He  fired  at  the  monster,  wounded 
him  in  the  breast,  and  then  ran  for  his  life,  with  the 
Bear  at  his  heels,  and  saved  himself  by  plunging  into 
the  river.  His  pursuer  laid  himself  down  on  the 
bank  and  in  the  last  struggle  of  death,  fell  into  the 
water,  where  he  died.  Ware  drew  him  out,  took  off 
the  skin  and  was  cutting  and  hanging  up  the  meat, 
when  he  heard  the  noise  of  another  Bear  in  the 
thicket  near  by.  He  hastened  to  the  Fort  for  assist- 
ance and  a  party,  with  me,  went  over  to  the  island. 
When  there,  we  separated  in  our  search,  and  in 
beating  about  the  bushes,  I,  with  my  dog,  entered  a 
narrow  path,  and  had  gone  some  distance,  when  I 
saw  the  dog  ahead,  suddenly  bristle  up,  bark  and 


[i8io]  77 

walk  lightly  as  if  scenting  danger.  I  called  to  the 
men  to  come  up,  and  watched  the  dog.  He  soon 
found  the  bear  guarding  a  dead  elk,  which  he  and 
his  dead  companion  had  killed  and  covered  with 
leaves.  As  soon  as  he  saw  the  dog  he  plunged  at 
him,  and  came  furiously  toward  me,  driving  the  dog 
before  him  and  snorting  and  raging  hke  a  mad  bull. 
I  leveled  my  gun  and  snapped,  and  then  ran  with  the 
bear  at  my  heels,  and  his  hot  breath  upon  me.  I 
reached  the  river  bank,  and  turned  short  up  a  path, 
in  which  I  met  my  companions  coming  to  my  call. 
They,  however,  seeing  me  running,  were  panic 
stricken  and  took  to  their  heels  also,  thus  were  we  all 
in  full  retreat  from  bruin,  who  crossed  the  river  and 
fled  through  the  willows  on  the  other  side.  We 
heard  him  crashing  his  way  for  many  hundred  yards. 
On  another  occasion,  a  party  had  wounded  a  bear 
which  instantly  gave  chase  and  overtook  a  Shawnee 
Indian  in  the  company  named  Luthecaw,  who  had 
stumbled  over  some  brush,  and  fallen.  He  grasped 
the  Indian  by  the  double  capeau  and  coat  collar  and 
stood  over  him,  while  we  fired  six  shots  into  the  bear, 
which  fell  dead  upon  the  Indian,  who  cried  out  that 
the  bear  was  crushing  him  to  death,  but  arose  unhurt, 
as  soon  as  we  removed  the  tremendous  weight  of  the 
dead  monster  from  his  body.  His  jaws  were  firmly 
closed  upon  the  Shawnee's  "capeau"  and  coat  collar, 
who  arose  at  last  with  '^sacre  moste,  Fest  crazy 
monte'^ — "damn  the  bear,  he,  almost  mashed  me." 
We  kept  the  flag  flying  a  month,  frequently  seeing 
Indians  without  getting  an  interview  with  them ;  they 


78  [i8io] 

always  fleeing  at  our  approach.  We  then  pulled 
down  the  flag  and  hoisted  the  scalp  of  the  Indian 
whom  Cheek  had  killed.  By  this  time  the  Fort  was 
completed  and  put  in  a  good  state  of  defence.  We 
subsisted  ourselves  in  the  meantime,  by  hunting  in 
small  parties,  which  started  out  of  Fort  before  day 
and  went  some  twenty  or  thirty  miles,  and  after  hav- 
ing killed  a  buffalo  or  elk,  come  back  with  the  meat 
loaded  on  the  horses. 

The  Grizzly  Bears  frequently  made  their  ap- 
pearance and  we  killed  great  numbers  of  them.  A 
Yankee,  named  Pelton,^  was  remarkable  for  his  con- 
tracted, narrow  eyes,  which  resembled  those  of  a 
bear.  He  was  a  jovial,  popular  fellow,  and  had 
greatly  amused  the  company  in  coming  up  the  river, 
by  his  songs  and  sermons.  At  every  stopping  place 
he  held  a  meeting  for  the  mock  trial  of  offenders 
and  exhorted  us  in  the  New  England  style  to  mend 
our  courses  and  eschew  sin.  He  had  an  adventure 
with  a  bear,  about  this  time,  which  is  worth  relating. 
While  trapping  near  the  Fort  with  a  small  party,  In- 

9  Archibald  Pelton  was  born  at  Groton,  Connecticut,  probably  be- 
tween 1790  and  1796.  His  parents  were  David  Pelton  and  Hannah 
Millikin.  David  Pelton  was  a  Revolutionary  soldier.  When  a  sec- 
tion of  the  Astoria  party  were  making  their  way  along  the  Snake 
river  in  December  181 1,  they  encountered  "a  young  American  who 
was  deranged,  but  who  sometimes  recovered  his  reason.  This  young 
man  told  them,  in  one  of  his  lucid  intervals,  that  he  was  from 
Connecticut  and  was  named  Archibald  Pelton ;  that  he  had  come  up 
the  Missouri  with  Mr.  Henry;  that  all  of  the  people, at  the  post 
established  by  that  trader  were  massacred  by  the  Blackfeet;  that  he 
alone  had  escaped  and  had  been  wandering  for  three  years  since 
with  the  Snake  Indians.  Our  people  took  this  young  man  with 
them."  Franchere's  Narrative  (Huntington's  tr.),  148.  See  also 
Ross  Cox,  Adventures  on  the  Columbia,  Vol.  i,  p.  91. 


[i8io]  79 

eluding  myself,  he  was  watching  his  traps  alone,  a 
short  distance  from  us,  when  he  heard  a  rustling  in 
the  bushes  at  his  right,  and  before  turning  around 
he  was  attacked  by  a  large  bear,  which  grasped  him 
by  the  breast,  bore  him  to  the  earth  and  stood  over 
him  with  his  head  back  and  eyes  fixed  on  his  face  as 
if  observing  his  features;  Pelton  screamed  and  yelled 
in  a  most  unearthly  manner,  and  his  new  acquaint- 
ance, as  if  frightened  by  his  appearance  and  voice, 
leaped  from  over  his  body,  stood  and  looked  at  him 
a  moment  over  his  shoulder,  growled  and  then 
walked  off.  We  ran  in  the  directions  of  the  cries 
and  soon  met  Pelton  coming  towards  us  in  a  walk, 
grumbling  and  cursing,  with  his  head  down,  as  if  he 
had  been  disturbed  in  a  comfortable  sleep,  and  alto- 
gether wearing  an  air  of  great  dissatisfaction.  He 
told  us  the  story,  and  thought  he  owed  his  escape  to, 
his  bearish  eyes  which  disconcerted  his  friendly  rela- 
tion In  the  act  of  making  a  dinner  of  him. 

The  Indians,  we  thought,  kept  the  game  away 
from  the  vicinity  of  the  Fort.  Thus  we  passed  the 
time  till  the  month  of  May,  when  a  party  of  twenty- 
one,  of  whom  I  was  one,  determined  to  go  up  the 
Jefferson  river  to  trap.  By  keeping  together  we 
hoped  to  repel  any  attack  of  the  savages.  We  soon 
found  the  trapping  In  such  numbers  not  very  profit- 
able, and  changed  our  plan  by  separating  In  compa- 
nies of  four,  of  whom,  two  men  would  trap  while 
two  watched  the  camp.  In  this  manner  we  were  en- 
gaged until  the  fear  of  the  Indians  began  to  wear 


8o  [1810] 

off  and  we  all  became  more  venturous.  One  of  our 
company,  a  Shawnee  half-breed  named  Druyer,^°  the 
principal  hunter  of  Lewis  &  Clark's  party,  went 
up  the  river  one  day  and  set  his  traps  about  a  mile 
from  the  camp.  In  the  morning  he  returned  alone 
and  brought  back  six  beavers.  I  warned  him  of  his 
danger.  "I  am  too  much  of  an  Indian  to  be  caught 
by  Indians,"  said  he.  On  the  next  day  he  repeated 
the  adventure  and  returned  with  the  product  of  his 
traps,  saying,  "this  is  the  way  to  catch  beaver."  On 
the  third  morning  he  started  again  up  the  river  to 
examined  his  traps,  when  we  advised  him  to  wait  for 
the  whole  party,  which  was  about  moving  further 
up  the  stream,  and  at  the  same  time  two  other  Shaw- 
nees  left  us  against  our  advice,  to  kill  deer.  We 
started  forward  in  company,  and  soon  found  the 
dead  bodies  of  the  last  mentioned  hunters,  pierced 
with  lances,  arrows  and  bullets  and  lying  near  each 
other.  Further  on,  about  one  hundred  and  fifty 
yards,  Druyer  and  his  horse  lay  dead,  the  former 
mangled  In  a  horrible  manner;  his  head  was  cut  off, 
his  entrails  torn  out  and  his  body  hacked  to  pieces. 
We  saw  from  the  marks  on  the  ground  that  he  must 
have  fought  in  a  circle  on  horseback,  and  probably 
killed  some  of  his  enemies,  being  a  brave  man,  and 
well  armed  with  a  rifle,  pistol,  knife  and  tomahawk. 
We  pursued  the  trail  of  the  Indians  till  night,  with- 
out overtaking  them,  and  then  returned,  having 
burled  our  dead,  with  saddened  hearts  to  Fort. 

^^  For  sketch  of  George  Drouillard,  see  Appendix. 


[i8io]  3i 

Soon  after  this  time,  Marie'^  and  St.  John,  my 
two  Canadian  companions  on  the  route  from  my  win- 
ter quarters  on  the  Missouri  to  the  Big  Horn,  came 
to  the  Fort  at  the  Forks.  Marie's  right  eye  was  out 
and  he  carried  the  yet  fresh  marks  of  a  horrible 
wound  on  his  head  and  under  his  jaw.  After  I  had 
left  them  at  the  Big  Horn  to  come  to  the  Forks,  they 
came  on  to  the  Twenty-five  Yard  river,''  the  most 
western  branch  of  the  Yellow  Stone,  for  the  purpose 
of  trapping.  One  morning  after  setting  his  traps, 
Marie  strolled  out  Into  the  prairie  for  game,  and 
soon  percevled  a  large  White  Bear  roUIng  on  the 
ground  In  the  shade  of  a  tree.  Marie  fired  at  and 
missed  him.  The  bear  snuffed  around  him  without 
rising,  and  did  not  see  the  hunter  until  he  had  re- 
loaded, fired  again  and  wounded  him.     His  majesty 

11  There  were  families  by  the  name  of  Marie  in  St.  Louis  and  St. 
Charles  about  this  time.  In  St.  Louis  was  the  family  of  Laperche 
dtt  St.  Jean.  But  the  individuals  here  named  have  not  been  iden- 
tified. 

^  i2asj^jgjj,g  j^j^g^  received  its  name  from  Captain  Clark,  in  1806 
in  honor  of  one  of  his  men  [John  Shields].  The  trappers  of  early 
times  called  It  Twenty  five  Yard  creek,  and  it  was  a  famous  resort 
tor  them,  abounding  as  it  did  with  innumerable  beaver.  Two  rea- 
sons are  assigned  for  the  name :  its  width,  which  isn't  twenty  five 
yards,  but  much  less;  and  the  asserted  fact  that  it  rises  only  twenty 
hve  yards  from  the  source  of  another  stream,  which  I  can  neither 
athrm  nor  deny.  Many  sharp  conflicts  occurred  here  in  olden  times 
between  the  resolute  trapper  bands  that  were  wont  to  frequent  the 
ocality  and  the  vengeful  Blackfeet  who  then  lorded  over  it."  Brad- 
leys  Journal,  2  Montana  Historical  Society  Contributions,  p.  1C3. 
leather  de  Smet  visited  the  locality  in  1842,  and  savs  of  if  "At  the 
mouth  of  the  Twenty  five  Yard  River,  a  branch  of  the  Yellow  Stone 
we  found  250  huts,  belonging  to  the  several  nations  all  friendlv  to 
us— the  Flat  Heads,  Kalispels,  Pierced  Noses,  Kayuses  and  Snakes. 
1  spent  three  days  amongst  them  to  exhort  them  to  perseverance  and 
to  make  some  preparations  for  my  long  journey"  [to  St.  Louisl.  Let- 
ters and  Sketches,  1843,  P-  234.  Its  junction  with  the  Yellow  Stone 
IS  in  Gallatin  County,  Montana. 


82  [i8io] 

Instantly,  with  ears  set  back,  flew  towards  his  enemy 
like  an  arrow,  who  ran  for  his  life,  reached  a  beaver 
dam  across  the  river,  and  seeing  no  escape  by  land, 
plunged  Into  the  water  above  the  dam.  The  Bear 
followed  and  soon  proved  himself  as  much  superior 
to  his  adversary  in  swimming  as  in  running.  Marie 
dove  and  swam  under  the  water  as  long  as  he  could, 
when  he  rose  to  the  surface  near  the  Bear.  He  saved 
himself  by  diving  and  swimming  in  this  manner  sev- 
eral times,  but  his  enemy  followed  close  upon  him 
and  watched  his  motions  with  the  sagacity  which  dis- 
tinguishes these  animals.  At  last  he  came  up  from 
under  the  water,  directly  beneath  the  jaws  of  the 
monster,  which  seized  him  by  the  head,  the  tushes 
piercing  the  scalp  and  neck  under  the  right  jaw  and 
crushing  the  ball  of  his  right  eye.  In  this  situation 
with  his  head  in  the  Bear's  mouth  and  he  swimming 
with  him  ashore,  St.  John  having  heard  his  two 
shots  in  quick  succession,  came  running  to  his  rescue. 
St.  John  levelled  his  rifle  and  shot  the  Bear  in  the 
head,  and  then  dragged  out  Marie  from  the  water 
more  dead  than  alive.  I  saw  him  six  days  after- 
wards, with  a  swelling  on  his  head  an  Inch  thick,  and 
his  food  and  drink  gushed  through  the  opening  un- 
der his  jaw,  made  by  the  teeth  of  his  terrible  enemy. 
We  made  frequent  hunting  excursions  in  small 
parties,  in  which  nothing  of  consequence  occurred. 
Many  of  us  had  narrow  escapes  from  Indians  and 
still  narrower  from  the  Grizzly  and  White  Bears. 
Game  became  very  scarce  and  our  enemies  seemed 
bent  upon  starving  us  out.    We  all  became  tired  of 


[i8io]  83 

this  kind  of  life,  cooped  up  in  a  small  enclosure  and 
in  perpetual  danger  of  assassination  when  outside 
the  pickets.  The  Blackfeet  manifested  so  determined 
a  hatred  and  jealousy  of  our  presence,  that  we  could 
entertain  no  hope  of  successfully  prosecuting  our 
business,  even  if  we  could  save  our  lives,  in  their 
country.  Discouraged  by  the  prospect  before  us 
most  of  the  Americans  prepared  to  go  back  to  the 
settlements,  while  Col.  Henry  and  the  greater  part 
of  the  company,^'  with  a  few  Americans  were  get- 
ting ready  to  cross  the  mountains  and  go  onto  the 
Columbia  beyond  the  vicinity  of  our  enemies.  A 
party  which  had  been  left  at  Manuel's  Fort,  for  the 
purpose,  had  brought  up  one  of  the  boats  and  part 
of  the  goods  from  the  ''cache''  on  the  Yellow  Stone 
below  the  Fort,  as  far  as  Clark's  river,'^  where,  on 
account  of  the  rapidity  of  the  current,  they  had  been 
compelled  to  leave  them.  Thither  Menard  went 
with  men  and  horses  to  get  the  goods  for  the  trip  to 

13  Henry's  party.  "They  proceeded  in  a  southwardly  direction, 
crossed  the  mountains  near  the  source  of  the  Yellow  Stone  river, 
and  wintered  in  18 10- 11  on  the  waters  of  the  Columbia.  At  this 
position  they  suffered  much  for  provisions,  and  were  compelled  to 
live  for  some  months  entirely  upon  their  horses.  The  party  by  this 
time  had  become  dispirited,  and  began  to  separate;  some  returned 
into  the  United  States  by  way  of  the  Missouri,  others  made  their 
way  south  into  the  Spanish  settlement,  by  way  of  the  Rio  del  Norte." 
Letter  of  Major  Thomas  Biddle,  American  State  Papers,  Indian  Af- 
fairs, Vol.  2,  p.  201.  The  names  of  the  party,  so  far  as  recovered, 
were  Andrew  Henry,  Michael  E.  Immel,  John  Dougherty,  William 
Weir,  Nicholas  Glineau,  Archibald  Pelton,  Edward  Robinson,  John 
Hoback  and  Jacob  Reasoner. 

1*  Clark's  river,  or  fork,  heads  in  the  northern  part  of  Yellow- 
stone Park  and  runs  for  about  thirty  miles  in  a  southeastern  direc- 
tion then  with  a  wide  bend  turns  northeastwardlv  for  about  sixty 
five  miles,  entering  the  Missouri  near  the  northeast  corner  of  Car- 
bon County,  Montana. 


84  [i8io] 

the  Columbia,  and  I  accompanied  him  with  most  of 
the  Americans  on  our  way  back  to  civilized  life  and 
the  enjoyments  of  home.  When  we  reached  the 
Twenty-five  Yard  river  we  met  one  hundred  and 
fifty  Indians  of  the  Gros  Ventre  tribe.  One  of  the 
men  observing  a  new  calico  shirt  belonging  to  him, 
around  the  neck  of  an  Indian,  Informed  Menard  of 
his  suspicions  that  this  party  had  robbed  the  ^^ cache'' 
(from  the  French,  cacher  to  hide)  of  the  goods  which 
they  had  hid  In  the  earth  near  the  bank  of  the  Yel- 
low Stone,  In  the  fall  before.  Menard  questioned 
them,  but  they  denied  the  theft,  saying  they  got  the 
calico  at  the  trading  house.  In  the  evening  they  en- 
trenched themselves  behind  breastworks  of  logs  and 
brush,  as  If  fearing  an  attack  from  us,  and  In  the 
morning,  departed  on  an  expedition  against  the 
Snakes,  of  which  miserable  nation,  we  heard  after- 
wards, they  killed  and  took  for  slaves  a  large  num- 
ber. Thus  the  whales  of  this  wilderness  destroy  the 
minnows.  Here  we  made  three  canoes  of  buffalo 
bull's  skins,  by  sewing  together  two  skins,  for  each 
canoe,  and  then  stretching  them  over  a  frame  sim- 
ilar In  shape  to  a  Mackinaw  boat.  Our  canoe  con- 
tained three  men,  about  sixty  steel  traps,  five  hun- 
dred beaver  skins,  our  guns  and  amunitlon,  besides 
other  commodities.  Nine  of  us  started  down  the 
river  In  these  canoes  and  In  two  days  reached  Clark's 
river  where  the  boats  with  the  goods  was  awaiting 
us.  The  rest  with  the  horses  by  land.  Clark's  river 
enters  the  Yellow  Stone  from  the  south;  near  Its 
mouth  we  found  an  army  of  the  Crow  nation  en- 


[i8io]  85 

camped.  This  is  a  wandering  tribe  like  most  of  the 
Indians  In  this  region,  without  any  fixed  habitation. 
These  were  then  at  war  with  the  Blackfeet,  whom 
they  were  seeking  to  give  battle.  Having  remained 
with  us  a  few  days,  they  went  off  towards  the  south. 
One  of  our  hunters  came  into  camp,  on  the  evening 
of  the  day  when  they  had  departed,  and  informed 
us  of  a  large  force  of  Indians  about  four  miles  to 
the  north,  stationed  behind  a  breast-work  of  rock 
and  earth  near  a  cliff.  These  were  supposed  to  be 
Blackfeet,  and  early  In  the  morning,  the  land  party 
with  the  horses,  having  arrived,  we  mustered  our 
whole  force  and  went  out  to  attack  them  in  their  en- 
trenchment. We  were  all  eager  for  the  fight,  and 
advancing  upon  them  In  Indian  style,  we  discovered 
instead  of  Blackfeet,  about  a  hundred  warriors  of 
the  Crow  nation,  who  had  been  out  In  an  expedition 
against  the  Blackfeet  and  had  just  returned.  They 
were  a  detachment  from  the  army  which  had  left  us 
the  day  before.  They  marched  Into  our  camp  on 
horse,  two  abreast,  and  there  learning  from  us  the 
news  of  their  comrades,  they  immediately  crossed 
the  river  in  pursuit  of  them.  Their  manner  of  cross- 
ing the  river  was  singular,  and  reminded  me  of  the 
roving  Tartars.  They  stripped  themselves  entirely 
naked,  and  every  ten  piled  their  accountrements  to- 
gether, blankets,  saddles,  weapons,  &c.,  on  a  tent 
skin  made  of  buffalo  robes,  and  tying  it  up  in  a  large 
round  bundle,  threw  it  into  the  river  and  plunged 
after,  some  swimming  with  these  hugh  heaps,  float- 
ing like  corks,  and  others  riding  the  horses  or  hold- 


86  [i8io] 

ing  by  the  tails  till  they  had  all  crossed  the  river.  Ar- 
rived on  the  opposite  bank,  which  they  reached  in 
little  less  time  than  I  have  taken  to  describe  their 
passage,  they  dressed,  mounted  their  horses,  and 
marched  off  two  and  two,  as  before,  and  were 
quickly  out  of  our  sight. 

Here  we  parted  from  our  companions,  who  were 
going  to  the  Columbia,  and  who  returned  hence  to 
the  Forks  with  the  goods  and  ammunition  for  thier 
trip,  while  we,  the  homeward  bound,  continued  our 
course  down  the  river  in  the  canoes  and  the  boats 
they  had  left,  to  the  Fort  on  the  Big  Horn.  We  re- 
mained here  several  days,  repairing  a  keel  boat  left 
by  Manuel  two  years  before,  which  we  loaded  with 
the  goods  from  the  canoes,  and  then  recommenced 
our  descent  of  the  Yellow  Stone  with  the  canoes  and 
two  boats.  Col.  Menard  accompanied  us  in  one  of 
the  boats,  and  I  with  two  companions  kept  to  our 
canoe  in  advance  of  the  others  for  the  purpose  of 
killing  game.  On  reaching  the  place  cacheing  the 
goods  and  leaving  the  boats,  on  account  of  the  ice 
the  year  before,  Menard  verified  his  suspicions  of 
the  Gros  Ventres  whom  he  met  on  the  Twenty-five 
Yard  river.  The  pit  containing  the  goods  and  effects 
of  the  men  had  been  opened  and  forty  trunks  robbed 
of  their  contents.  Another  pit  containing  the  com- 
pany's goods  had  also  been  opened,  and  the  most 
valuable  of  its  store  left  by  Menard,  was  taken  off 
by  the  Gros  Ventres.  They  had  also  cut  up  and 
nearly  destroyed  the  boats.  We  repaired  one  with 
the  fragments  of  the  other,  and  then  passed  down 


[i8io]  87 

the  river  with  three  boats.  I  kept  ahead  as  before 
in  my  skin  canoe.  This  river  is  very  rapid  through- 
out its  whole  course,  and  very  shallow.  We  were 
now  near  the  Falls  which  are  difficult  and  dangerous 
of  navigation.  In  the  morning  I  killed  two  buffalo 
with  my  pistol  and  rifle,  and  my  two  companions 
killed  two  more,  which  we  cut  up  and  stowed  away. 
We  approached  the  Falls  sooner  than  we  expected, 
and  were  directing  our  course  to  the  left  side  among 
the  sunken  rocks  and  breakers,  where  we  would  cer- 
tainly have  been  lost,  when  we  heard  a  gun  behind 
and  saw  the  men  on  the  boats  waving  us  with  hand- 
kerchiefs to  the  right.  We  were  barely  able  to  gain 
the  channel,  when  the  canoe  shot  down  the  descent 
with  wonderful  rapidity.  We  flew  along  the  water 
like  a  sledge  down  an  icy  hill.  My  two  companions 
lay  in  the  bottom  of  the  canoe,  which  frequently  re- 
bounded from  the  waves  made  by  the  rocks  under 
the  water  and  stood  nearly  upright.  The  waves 
washed  over  us  and  nearly  filled  the  canoe  with  wa- 
ter. The  boats  behind  commenced  the  descent  soon 
after  we  had  ended  it  in  safety.  They  several  times 
struck  and  one  of  them  hung  fast  on  a  concealed 
rock.  We  hauled  our  canoe  ashore,  carried  it  above, 
and  coming  down  to  the  foundered  boat  and  light- 
ing it  of  part  of  its  load,  we  got  it  off  the  rocks.  We 
now  passed  rapidly  down  to  the  Missouri  river, 
where  I  left  my  friendly  canoe  and  went  aboard  one 
one  the  boats.  Here  my  spirits  were  cheered  with 
the  near  prospect  of  home.  I  longed  to  see  the  fa- 
miliar faces  of  kindred  and  friends  with  a  yearning 


88  [i8ioj 

of  the  heart,  which  few  can  realize  who  have  not 
wandered  as  I  had  done,  among  savages  and  wild 
beasts  and  made  the  earth  my  bed  and  the  sky  my 
canopy  for  more  than  a  year.  My  way  homeward 
was  clear  and  comparatively  safe;  the  tribes  along 
the  river  being  friendly,  or  if  hostile,  unable  to  an- 
noy us  as  the  Blackfeet  had  done  so  long  in  the 
prairies. 

In  my  wanderings  in  this  expedition  I  saw  much 
of  the  Indians  and  their  manner  of  living.    Those  in 
this  region  were  then  more  savage,  less  degraded, 
and  more  virtuous  than  they  are  at  the  present  time. 
The  white  man  and  his  "fire  water"  have  sadly  de- 
moralized them,  thinned  their  numbers,    and    will 
soon  sink  them  into  oblivion.     They  are  no  longer 
the  proud,  haughty,  simple  minded    warriors    and 
orators  that  I  found  so  many  of  them  to  be  in  1809- 
'10.     Sunk  in  poverty  and  intemperance,  they  are 
fast  dwindling  away.     I  have  seen  some  of  the  finest 
specimens  of  men  among  our  North  American  In- 
dians.    I  have  seen  Chiefs  with  the  dignity  of  real 
Princes    and    the    eloquence    of    real    orators,    and 
Braves  with  the  valor  of  the  ancient  Spartans.  Their 
manner  of  speaking  is  extremely  dignified  and  ener- 
getic.   They  gesticulate  with  infinite  grace,  freedom 
and  animation.     Their  words  flow  deliberately,  con- 
veying their  ideas  with  great  force  and  vividness  of 
expression,  deep  into  the  hearts    of   their    hearers. 
Among  their  speakers  I  recognized  all  the  essentials 
in  manner  of  consumate  orators.     I  shall  have  oc- 
casion, in  the  following  chapters  to  bring  out  some 


[i8io]  89 

of  their  nobler  qualities  In  bolder  relief  than  was 
possible  In  the  preceding,  on  account  of  the  more 
intimate  relations  I  afterwards  formed  with  these 
children  of  nature  and  the  prairies. 

In  five  days  after  entering  the  Missouri,  we  de- 
scended to  the  Gros  Ventres  village  and  our  Fort, 
and  were  there  joyfully  received  by  our  old  compan- 
ions. Whiskey  flowed  like  milk  and  honey  in  the 
land  of  Canaan,  being  sold  to  the  men  by  the  disin- 
terested and  benevolent  gentlemen  of  the  Missouri 
Fur  Company,  for  the  moderate  sum  of  twelve  dol- 
lars per  gallon,'^  they  taking  in  payment  beaver 
skins  at  one  dollar  and  a  half  each,  which  were 
worth  in  St.  Louis,  six.  Their  prices  for  every  thing 
else  were  in  about  the  same  proportion.  Even  at 
this  price  some  of  the  men  bought  whiskey  by  the 
bucket  full,  and  drank 

"  'Till  they  forgot  their  loves  and  debts 
And  cared  for  grief  na  main" 

During  the  carousal  an  incident  occurred  that 
nearly  brought  ruin  upon  us  all.  Three  Shawnese 
Indians  in  the  company  from  Kaskaskia,  had  started 
from  the  Upper  Yellow  Stone  In  a  skin  canoe,  in  ad- 
vance, and  had  arrived  a  day  or  two  before  us.  In 
their  way  down,  one  of  them  named  Placota  had 
wantonly  killed  a  Crow  Indian  on  the  Yellow  Stone, 
and  a  Gros  Ventre  on  the  Missouri,  about  sixty  miles 
above  the  village,  and  taken  their  scalps.  In  his 
drunken  fit  Placota  brought  out  one  of  these  scalps 

15  "Mountain  prices,"  of  which  those  here  mentioned  are  not  un- 
usual, prevailed  in  the  Upper  Missouri  Country  for  many  years. 
See  Schultz's  My  Life  as  an  Indian,  Chapter  i ;  Wislizenus,  A  Jour- 
ney to  the  Rocky  Mountains  in  1839,  p.  87,  and  Townsend's  Narra- 
ti<ve  (Thwaites'  Early  Western  Travels),  p.  193. 


90  [i8io] 

in  full  view  of  the  friendly  Gros  Ventres.  Menard 
caught  it  out  of  his  hand  and  hid  it  from  view.  The 
Indians  became  greatly  excited,  crowded  around  us 
and  demanded  to  know  whose  scalp  it  was.  Menard 
then  produced  to  them  the  scalp  of  the  Indian  whom 
Cheek  had  killed  and  which  they  had  seen  before. 
They  said  this  was  a  "dry"  and  the  other  a  "green" 
scalp.  We  at  last,  and  with  great  difficulty,  pacified 
them  and  quieted  their  suspicions.  Placota,  who  was 
raging  mad,  by  Menard's  orders  was  tied  behind 
the  trading  house  till  he  became  sober,  when  I  re- 
leased him  on  his  promise  of  good  behavior. 

This  tribe  was  then  very  powerful,  having  in  all 
five  villages,  and  mustering,  in  case  of  emergency,  as 
many  as  three  thousand  warriors.  I  have  already 
noticed  their  character  and  warlike  qualities.  A 
singular  custom  prevails  among  them  in  cutting  off 
a  finger  or  inflicting  a  severe  wound  in  remembrance 
of  any  severe  misfortune.  Few  of  the  men  thirty 
years  of  age,  were  without  the  marks  of  these 
wounds,  made  on  the  death  of  some  near  relation, 
or  on  occasion  of  a  defeat  of  the  nation  in  war.  Some 
I  saw  with  three  and  one  with  four  fingers  cut  off. 
I  saw  a  young  man  bewailing  the  death  of  his  fa- 
ther in  a  battle  with  the  Blackfeet.  He  had  com- 
pelled his  friends  to  draw  leather  cords  through  the 
flesh  under  his  arms  and  on  his  back,  and  attaching 
three  Buffalo  skulls,  weighing  at  least  twenty-five 
pounds,  to  the  ends  of  the  cords  he  dragged  them 
over  the  ground  after  him  through  the  village,  moan- 
ing and  lamenting  in  great  distress.  At  their  meals, 
the  Indians  on  the  Missouri,  throw  the  first  piece  of 


\ 


Oi^i^be^  yM-^^^i^^d^) 


[i8io]  91 

meat  in  the  direction  of  an  absent  friend.  In  smok- 
ing they  send  the  first  whiff  upwards  in  honor  of  the 
Great  Spirit,  the  second  downward  as  a  tribute  to 
their  great  mother,  the  third  to  the  right  and  the 
fourth  to  the  left,  in  thanks  to  the  Great  Spirit  for 
the  game  He  sends  them  so  abundantly  on  the  bosom 
of  the  earth.  Their  name  for  Chief  is  Inca^  the 
same  as  that  of  the  South  American  and  Mexican 
Indians.^*'  For  knife  they  say  messa;  for  horses,  co- 
walla.  A  comparison  of  their  languages  will  show 
an  identity  in  their  origin  and  race.  They  secure 
their  dead  by  setting  four  poles,  forked  at  the  top, 
and  about  twenty-five  feet  in  height,  in  the  ground. 
On  these  they  put  a  scaffold  of  buffalo  skin,  fas- 
tened to  the  poles,  and  on  this  the  corpse  is  placed, 
covered  by  a  buffalo  skin  bound  around  it  very 
tightly.  In  this  way  the  corpse  is  protected  from 
from  the  birds  and  beasts,  and  this  it  remains  till  the 
scaffold  falls  by  decay.  The  bones  are  then  gath- 
ered by  the  relatives  and  put  into  a  common  heap. 
I  saw  in  the  rear  of  the  Gros  Ventre  village  an  im- 
mense extent  of  ground  covered  by  these  tombs  in 
the  air,  and  near  by  was  a  heap  of  skulls  and  bones 
which  had  fallen  to  the  earth  from  these  air  graves. 
After  a  few  day's  stay  at  the  Fort  and  village,  we 
again  started  down  the  river  with  Col.  Menard  and 
two  boats.    We  arrived  at  St.  Louis  in  the  month  of 

1^  James'  recollection  of  the  Minltaree  (or  Hidatsa)  language  was 
evidently  influenced  by  his  southwestern  experiences.  Dr.  Matthews 
says  that  the  Minitaree  word  for  chief  is  matseetsi;  for  knife  is 
maetsi,  and  for  horse  is  ita-sua-suka.  Maximilian  gives  the  same 
words  in  this  way:  chief,  uassa-issis;  knife,  mahtsi;  horse,  eisoh- 
'waschakak.  It  seems  like  each  is  trying  to  express  in  European 
characters  the  same  sounds. 


92  [i8io] 

August,  A.  D.  1 8 10,  without  any  occurrence  of  In- 
terest on  the  voyage.    We  never  got  our  dues  or  any 
thing  of  the  least  sImlHtude  to  justice  from  the  com- 
pany.    They  brought  me  in  their  debt  two  hundred 
dollars,  and  some  of  the  other  Americans,  for  still 
larger  sums.    The  reader  may  ask  how  this  could  be. 
He  can  easily  imagine  the  process  when  he  is  told 
that  the  company  charged  us  six  dollars  per  pound 
for  powder,  three  dollars  for  lead,  six  dollars  for 
coarse  calico  shirts,  one  dollar  and  a  half  per  yard 
for  coarse  tow  linen  for  tents,  the  same  for  a  com- 
mon butcher  knife,  and  so  on,  and  allowed  us  only 
what  I  have  mentioned  for  our  beaver    skins,    our 
only  means  of  payment.     Capt.  Lewis  told  me  not  to 
lay  In  any  suppHes  in  St.  Louis,  as  the  Company  had 
plenty  and  would  sell  them  to  me  as  cheaply  as  I 
could  get  them  in  St.  Louis,  or  nearly  so,  allowing 
only  for  a  reasonable  profit.     Lewis  did  not  intend 
to  deceive  us  and  was  chagrined  at  the  villanous  con- 
duct of  the  Company  afterwards.     This,  with  the 
fraudulent  violation  of  their  contracts  and  promises 
in  the  Indian  country,  by  this  concern,  makes  up  a 
piece  of  extortion,  fraud  and  swindling,  that  ought 
to  consign  the  parties  engaged  in  It  to  eternal  infamy. 
The  heaviest  blame  must  rest  on  the  unprincipled 
Liza;  but  the  rest  of  the  company  must  suffer  the 
stigma  of  having  connived  at  and  profited  by  the 
villany.  If  they  did  not  actually  originate  and  urge  it 
onward.     I  sued  them  on  my  contract,"  and  was  the 

17  After  James'  return  to  St.  Louis,  William  Clark,  as  agent  for 
the  Fur  Company,  sued  him  on  a  note  for  $249.81.  This  suit  was 
brought  in  September  18 10.     The  next  month  James  sued  the  part- 


[i8io]  93 

only  one  who  did  so.  After  many  delays  and  con- 
tinuances from  term  to  term,  I  was  glad  to  get  rid 
of  the  suits  and  them,  by  giving  my  note  for  one 
hundred  dollars  to  the  Company.  This,  with  my 
debt  to  Colter,^^  made  me  a  loser  to  the  amount  of 
three  hundred  dollars  by  one  years  trapping  on  the 
head  water  of  the  Missouri.  Some  of  the  Ameri- 
cans, however,  fared  much  worse,  and  were  deterred 
from  returning  to  the  settlement  at  all,  by  their  debts 
to  the  Company,  which  they  were  hopeless  of  dis- 
charging by  any  ordinary  business  in  which  they 
could  engage.  Such  is  one  instance  of  the  kind  and 
considerate  justice  of  wealth  to  defenceless  poverty, 
beautifully  illustrating  the  truth  of  the  sentiment  ut- 
tered by  somebody,  "take  care  of  the  rich  and  the 
rich  will  take  care  of  the  poor." 

ners  in  the  company  for  breach  of  contract,  laying  his  damages  at 
the  sum  of  $750.  The  cases  were  set  for  trial  several  times,  but  the 
witnesses  subpoenaed  by  both  parties  were,  excepting  one  on  each 
side,  not  to  be  found,  and  both  cases  were  finally  dismissed.  The  wit- 
nesses subpoenaed  by  James  were  John  Colter,  Daniel  Larrison,  Sol- 
omon Thorn  and  John  A.  Graham.  Graham  was  a  lawyer  and  the 
attesting  witness  to  the  contract  between  the  parties.  Larrison  was 
one  of  Lisa's  men,  and  it  is  to  be  inferred  that  Thorn  was  also.  Col- 
ter was  the  only  one  found.  The  company  subpoenaed  Paul  Liguest 
Chouteau  and  Duverge  de  Villemont.  They  could  have  known 
nothing  about  the  matter  unless  they  were  up  the  river,  but  the  sub- 
poena is  the  only  evidence  of  the  fact  that  de  Villemont  was  there. 
In  October  18 14,  the  company  again  brought  suit  on  James  note, 
and  this  is  probably  the  case  which  he  settled,  as  the  records  show 
no  judgment.  Thorn,  mentioned  above,  was  a  gunsmith.  He  came 
to  Louisiana  in  1798  or  1799,  and  made  his  home  at  Cape  Girar- 
deau, where  he  died  about  1821.  De  Villemont  was  the  son  of  a 
Spanish  commandant  of  Arkansas. 

IS  In  October  18 14,  Colter's  administrator  brought  suit  in  the  St. 
Louis  Court  of  Common  Pleas  aganist  James  on  a  note  given  by 
James  to  Colter,  dated  7  October,  1809,  for  one  hundred  and  forty 
dollars.    The  case  was  settled  without  a  trial. 


CHAPTER  THREE 

Employment  From  1810  to  1821 — The  First  Santa  Fe  Traders  — 
Members  of  the  Fourth  Santa  Fe  Expedition — Ascent  of  the 
Arkansas — Vaugean — Removal  of  the  Town  of  Little  Rock — 
Fort  Smith  and  Major  Bradford — Trading  With  the  Osages — 
Capt.  Prior — Salt  River — Salt  Plains  and  Shining  Mountains — 
Robbery  by  the  Indians — Sufferings  From  Thirst — Attack  by  the 
Indians — Further  Robberies — The  One  Eyed  Chief  and  Big 
Star — Indian  Council — Critical  Situation — Rescue  by  Spanish 
Officers — Cordaro — Journey  Continued — San  Migual — Peccas  and 
Its  Indian  Inhabitants — Santa  Fe — Farming. 

AFTER  my  return  from  the  Upper  Missouri,  I 
went  in  the  fall  of  1 8  lo  to  Pennsylvania,  where 
I  remained  two  years  and  married.  I  returned  to 
St.  Louis,  in  the  fall  of  1813,  procured  a  keel-boat 
and  with  it,  navigated  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi,  be- 
tween Pittsburgh  and  St.  Louis,  carrying  goods  for 
large  profits.  I  continued  in  this  business  till  the 
fall  of  1 8 15,  when  I  took  a  stock  of  goods  from  Mc- 
Knight  &  Brady^  of  St.  Louis,  and  opened  a  store  in 


1  John  McKnight  was 
born  in  Augusta 
County,  Virginia. 
He  came  to  St. 
Louis  on  I  April,  1809,  in  company  with  Thomas  Brady,  with 
whom  he  had  formed  a  mercantile  partnership.  They  brought  with 
them  a  Keel  boat  load  of  merchandise,  and  from  that  small  begin- 
ning they  built  up  the  largest  mercantile  business  in  St.  Louis.  They 
acquired  a  large  amount  of  land  in  Missouri  and  in  Illinois,  and 
the  towns  of  East  St.  Louis  and  Harrisonville  in  Illinois  were  built 

94 


[1815-1820]  95 

Harrlsonviller  Illinois,  dividing  profits  equally 
among  us.  In  the  fall  of  18 18,  I  went  to  Baltimore 
with  letters  of  recommendation  and  bought  goods 
for  cash  and  on  credit  to  the  amount  of  seventeen 
thousand  dollars,  and  brought  them  in  waggons  to 
Pittsburgh  where  I  left  them  to  await  a  rise  of  the 
river,  which  was  too  low  for  navigation,  and  came 
to  St.  Louis.  My  goods  were  not  sent  on  till  the 
following  spring,  when  they  had  greatly  fallen  in 
price  and  the  market  was  filled  with  a  large  supply. 
I  was  unable  to  dispose  of  my  stock  even  at  cost.  I 
struggled  on  through  the  years  i8i9-'20,  with  the 
certain  prospect  of  bankruptcy  before  my  face,  amid 
the  clamors  of  creditors,  and  without  the  hope  of 
extricating  myself  from  the  impending  ruin.  About 
this  time  Baum,  Beard,  and  Chambers,^  with  some 
others,  came  to  St.  Louis  from  Santa  Fe,  where  they 
had  been  imprisoned  by  the  Government  ever  since 
the  year  18 10.  They,  with  Robert,  brother  of  John 
Mcknight  of  the  firm  of  McKnight  and  Brady,  and 

on  land  which  had  belonged  to  them.  McKnIght's  parents,  Tinri- 
othy  McKnight  and  Eleanor  Griffin,  with  five  other  sons  and  six 
daughters,  also  came  to  Missouri  at  about  the  same  time  with  him- 
self, and  made  their  homes  in  St.  Louis  County  where  some  of  their 
descendants  still  live.     John  McKnight  never  married. 

Thomas  Brady  died  near  St.  Louis  ii  October,  1821,  leaving  a 
widow  and  five  children.  His  widow,  who  was  a  daughter  of  Judge 
John  Rice  Jones,  later  married  Hon.  John  Scott. 

2  Harrisonville,  is  situated  on  the  Mississippi  River  in  the  Amer- 
ican Bottom,  in  Monroe  County,  Illinois,  thirty  miles  south  of  St. 
Louis.  In  1823  it  contained  thirty  or  forty  houses,  was  a  shipping 
point  for  the  interior  country  and  was  a  place  of  considerable  busi- 
ness importance.  It  was  subject  to  inundation,  and  that,  with  the 
building  of  railroads,  caused  it  to  decline.  It  now  has  a  popula- 
tion of  about  one  hundred  and  fifty  persons. 

3  See  sketch  of  James  Baird,  in  Appendix. 


96  [i82i] 

eight  others,  were  the  first  American  Santa  Fe  trad- 
ers* that  carried  goods  from  St.  Louis  to  New  Mex- 
ico.    Immediately  on  reaching  Santa  Fe  their  goods 
were  confiscated  by  the  Governor,    sold    at    public 
auction,    and    themselves  taken  to  Chihuahua  and 
there  thrown  into  prison,  where  they  were  kept  in 
more  or  less  strict  confinement  for  the  space  of  ten 
years,  being  supported  during  that  time  by  the  pro- 
ceeds of  McKnight's  goods,  the  Government  allow- 
ing 1 8  ^  cents  per  day  to  each  man.    This,  I  beheve, 
was  the  second  company  of  Americans  that  ever  en- 
tered Santa  Fe.     Clem  Morgan,^  a  Portuguese  and 
very  wealthy,  made  his  way  thither  at  a  very  early 
day,  while  Louisiana  belonged  to  Spain,    and    re- 
turned in  safety,  making  a  good  venture.    Gen.  Zeb- 
ulon   Pike   was   the   first   American   visitor   to   that 
country.     He  went  in  the  year  1807,  and  on  his  ar- 
rival was  marched  through  Mexico  as  a  prisoner  of 
war,  but  was  soon  after  released  on  demand  of  our 
Government.    One  of  his  men  was  detained  thirteen 
years  by  the  Spaniards,  and  returned  with  Chambers 
to  St.  Louis.     Pike  in  the  beginning  of  our  last  war 
with  England,  met  a  soldier's  death  at  Queenston 

4  The  Santa  Fe  Trade.  The  history  of  the  trade  from  Missouri 
to  Santa  Fe  is  so  well  presented  in  Chittenden's  American  Fur  Trade 
of  the  Far  West  (Volume  2),  that  there  is  no  occasion  to  restate  it 
here.  Extracts  from  the  Louisiana  Gazette  (of  St.  Louis)  relating 
to  the  expedition  of  Messrs.  Smith,  McLanahan  and  Patterson  are 
given  in  the  Appendix.  Further  information  relating  to  the  trade 
can  be  found  in  Gregg's  Commerce  of  the  Prairies,  Becknell's  Jour- 
nal in  2  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections,  No.  6,  p.  55,  and 
Col.  Marmaduke's  Journal  in  6  Missouri  Historical  Revieiv  i.  In- 
man's  The  Santa  Fe  Trail  is  a  readable,  popular  account  of  the  sub- 
ject, but  not  at  all  to  be  depended  upon  for  facts. 

5  For  sketch  of  Jacques  Glamorgan,  see  Appendix. 


[i82i]  97 

Heights.     The  second  company  from    the    United 
States  was  McKnlght's  and  their  treatment  has  been 
noticed.     The  third  was  under    the    command    of 
Augustus  Chouteau  and  Demun^  of  St.  Louis,  and 
was  composed  entirely  of  French.     They  made  a 
very  unsuccessful  venture,  being  deprived  of  their 
goods  worth  $40,000,  without  the  least  remunera- 
tion, and  themselves  imprisoned  for  a  short  time.     I 
commanded  the  fourth  expedition  to  Santa  Fe  from 
the  United  States,  and  the  first  that  was  made  after 
the  Mexican  Revolution  and  the  declaration  of  their 
independence  of  Spain,  and  I  was  the  first  American 
that  ever  visited  the  country  and  escaped  a  prison 
while  there.    John  McKnight  desired  to  go  to  Mex- 
ico to  see  his  brother,  procure  his  release  if  he  were 
still  in  prison,  and  return  with  him  to  the  States.  The 
first  information  he  had  received,  concerning  Rob- 
ert,  in  ten  years,   came   by  his   companions   above 
named,  who  had  left  him  in  the  interior  of  Mexico. 
He  proposed  that  I  should  take  my  goods  and  ac- 
company him,  and  supposed  that  under  Spanish  pro- 
tection we  could  go  unmolested  by  the  Government. 
The  news  of  the  Revolution  had  not  yet  reached  this 
country.     This  appeared  to  be  the  best  course  to  re- 
trieve my  affairs,  and  I  prepared  for  the  journey  by 
procuring  a  passport  from  Don  Onis,  the  Spanish 
Minister,   countersigned  by  John  Q.   Adams,   then 
Secretary  of  State  under  Monroe.     I  loaded  a  keel 
boat  with  goods  to  the  value  of  $10,000,  and  laid  in 

6  Sketches  of  Auguste  Pierre  Chouteau  and  Jules  de  Mun  will  be 
found  in  the  Appendix. 


98  [i82i] 

a  large  quantity  of  biscuit,  whiskey,  flour,  lead  and 
powder,  for  trading  with  the  Indians  on  the  route.  I 
started  from  St.  Louis  on  the  loth  day  of  May, 
A.  D.  1 82 1,  and  descended  the  Mississippi  to  the 
mouth  of  the  Arkansas.  The  company  consisted, 
besides  myself,  of  McKnlght,  my  brother,  John  G. 
James,^  David  Klrker,^  Wm.  Shearer,^  Alexander 
Howard,  Benjamin  Potter,^°  John  Ivy,  and  Francois 
Maesaw,  a  Spaniard.  Two  joined  us  after  starting, 
Frederick  Hector  at  the  mouth  of  the  Ohio,  and 
James  Wilson  in  the  Cherokee  country,  making 
eleven  in  all,  young  and  daring  men,  eager  for  ex- 
citement and  adventure.  Ascending  the  Arkansas, 
the  first  settlement  we  reached  was  "Eau  Post,"^^ 

''John  G.  James  married,  4  February,  1812,  Julie  Creely,  of 
Florissant,  and  lived  on  the  Charbonniere  Road  near  that  village. 
He  died  in  February  1834,  leaving  his  widow,  five  sons  and  four 
daughters  surviving.  One  of  his  sons  was  Samuel  James,  a  sketch 
of  whose  life  appears  in  Scharf's  History  of  St.  Louis. 

8  David  Kirker,  of  St.  Louis,  was  an  Irishman  from  Belfast,  and 
was  a  kinsman  of  James  Kirker,  also  of  St.  Louis,  who  became 
famous  or  notorious  in  the  Southwest.  David  Kirker  was  a  farmer, 
and  lived  in  the  McKnight  neighborhood  in  St.  Louis  County;  he 
married  2  March,  1826,  Mariah  Robinson;  a  daughter,  Anne  Jane, 
was  born  to  them  28  November,  1828.  Kirker  died  within  a  few 
years  after  his  marriage  and  his  widow  married  John  Z.  Mackay, 
3  February  183 1. 

^  The  estate  of  William  Shearer  was  administered  upon  in  the  St. 
Louis  Probate  Court,  but  the  files  are  missing  excepting  the  admin- 
istration bond  which  bears  date  26  February,  1825.  Hamilton  Car- 
ruthers  was  the  administrator,  and  James  Kirker  and  James  Lans- 
dell  were  his  sureties. 

''-^  Fowler  says,  under  date  7  May,  1822,  "Potter  Came  to  Camp 
with  Conl.  glann's  Horse,"  Journal,  p.  137.  No  other  mention  of 
Potter  has  been  found.  Neither  Howard,  Ivy,  or  Maesaw  have  been 
identified. 

11  Au  Poste,  or  the  Poste  aux  Arkansas,  now  called  Arkansas  Post, 
is  a  small  village  on  the  north  side  of  the  Arkansas  River  about 
forty  five  miles  from  the  Mississippi.  It  is  supposed  to  be  the  old- 
est white  settlement  in  the  Mississippi  Valle)';  its  first  European  in- 


[i82i]  99 

Inhabited  principally  by  French.  A  few  days  after- 
wards we  arrived  In  the  country  of  the  Quawpaws, 
where  we  met  with  a  Frenchman  named  Veaugean," 
an  old  man  of  considerable  wealth,  who  treated  us 
with  hospitality.  His  son  had  just  returned  from 
hunting  with  a  party  of  Quawpav/s  and  had  been  at- 
tacked by  the  Pawnees,  who  killed  several  of  his  In- 
dian companions.  Pawnee  was  then  the  name  of  all 
the  tribes  that  are  now  known  as  Camanches.  I  had 
never  known  or  heard  of  any  Indians  of  that  name 
before  I  visited  their  country  on  my  way  to  Santa  Fe. 
The  Americans  previously  knew  them  only  as  Pawn- 
ees. The  account  brought  by  Veaugean's  son  sur- 
prised me,  as  we  had  heard  that  all  the  Indians  on 
our  route  were  friendly.  Leaving  Veaugean's,  we 
proceeded  up  the  river  through  a  very  fertile  coun- 

habitants  were  some  of  Tonti's  men  who  established  themselves  there 
in  1686.  The  number  of  its  inhabitants  in  recent  years  has  been 
about  one  hundred  persons.  -r.        i.    a:  -a 

12  The  first  of  the  Vaugines  in  Louisiana  was  a  French  othcer,  said 
to  have  borne  the  title  of  Marquis  and  to  have  been  a  chevalier  of 
the  Royal  and  Military  Order  of  St.  Louis,  who  remamed  in  the 
country  and  held  command  of  a  body  of  troops  under  the  Kmg  of 
Spain.  His  wife  was  Antoinette  Pelagic  d'Eliverliers.  The  Vau- 
gine  (Veaugean),  mentioned  here  by  James,  was  their  son,  Frangois 
Nuisment  Vaugine. 

He  went  with  Don  Joseph  Bernard  Valliere  to  Arkansas  in  1787, 
Valliere  being  then  the  commandant  of  the  country,  and  under  hira 
Vaugine  held  the  rank  of  Adjutant  Major.  He  married  Marie  Fe- 
licite,  daughter  of  Valliere  and  Marie  Felicite  Moran,  by  whom  he 
had  six  children,  of  whom  the  eldest,  Etienne,  was  probably  the  one 
who  had  been  out  with  the  hunting  party. 

Nuttall  (Travels  in  Arkansas  Territory,  p.  138,  Thwaites'  ed.) 
met  the  elder  Vaugine  at  his  home,  four  miles  below  Pine  Bluff,  and 
speaks  of  him  as  Major  Lewismore  Vaugine,  Nuisment  evidently 
having  the  sound  of  Lewismore  to  his  English  ears.  Vaugine  died 
in  the  early  part  of  183 1.  Descendants  of  the  name  are  still  living 
in  Arkansas. 


loo  [1821] 

try.  Dense  and  heavy  woods  of  valuable  timber 
lined  both  sides  of  the  river,  both  below  "Eau  Post" 
and  above  as  far  as  we  went,  and  the  river  bottoms, 
which  are  large,  were  covered  by  extensive  cane- 
brakes,  which  appeared  impenetrable  even  by  the 
rattlesnake.  Small  fields  of  corn,  squash  and  pump- 
kins, cultivated  by  Indians,  appeared  in  view  on  the 
low  banks  of  the  river.  Since  entering  the  Arkansas 
we  had  found  the  country  quite  level;  after  saihng 
and  pushing  about  three  hundred  miles  from  the 
mouth,  we  now  reached  the  first  high  land,  near 
Little  Rock,'^  the  capital  of  the  Territory  as  estab- 
lished that  spring.  The  archives  had  not  yet  been 
removed  from  Eau  Post,  the  former  capital.  As  we 
approached  Little  Rock  we  beheld  a  scene  of  true 
Western  life  and  character,  that  no  other  country 
could  present.  First  we  saw  a  large  wood  and  stone 
building  in  flames,  and  then  about  one  hundred  men, 
painted,  masked  and  disguised  in  almost  every  con- 
ceivable manner,  engaging  in  removing  the  town. 
These  men,  with  ropes  and  chains,  would  march  off 
a  frame  house  on  wheels  and  logs,  place  it  about 

13  Little  Rock  owed  its  beginning  mainly  to  Missourians.  The 
first  town  was  laid  out  in  1820  by  William  O'Hara  of  St.  Louis  and 
James  Bryan  of  Washington  County,  Missouri.  Stephen  F.  Austin, 
Bryan's  brother  in  law,  was  also  interested.  To  this  new  town  they 
gave  the  name  of  Arkopolis.  The  title  to  the  ground  was  claimed 
by  William  Russell,  whose  claim  was  sustained  by  the  Court.  Rus- 
sell and  his  associates  laid  out  a  town  on  the  site  of  Arkopolis  in 
1 82 1  and  named  it  Little  Rock.  There  was  no  stone  house  there 
when  James  visited  the  place  in  1821,  and  what  he  remembered  as 
such  was  a  log  structure,  too  heavy  too  move,  which  was  destroyed 
by  the  explosion  of  gunpowder  which  set  fire  to  the  ruins.  The 
main  town  grew  up  on  Russell's  land,  and  he  gave  the  ground  on 
which  the  capitol  was  built.     See  Hempstead's  History  of  Arkansas. 


[1821]  \    :^\:,,;J    .,»,N^x^V   ' 

three  or  four  hundred  yards  from  its  former  site  and 
then  return  and  move  off  another  in  the  same  man- 
ner. They  all  seemed  tolerably  drunk,  and  among 
them  I  recognized  almost  every  European  language 
spoken.  They  were  a  jolly  set  indeed.  Thus  they 
worked  amid  songs  and  shouts,  until  by  nightfall 
they  had  completely  changed  the  site  of  their  town. 
Such  buildings  as  they  could  not  move  they  burned 
down,  without  a  dissentient  voice.  The  occasion  of 
this  strange  proceeding  was  as  follows :  The  Terri- 
torial Court  was  then  in  session  at  Diamond  Hill, 
about  thirty  miles  distant  on  the  river  above,  and 
the  news  had  reached  Little  Rock  on  the  morning 
of  our  arrival,  that  a  suit  pending  in  this  court  and 
involving  the  title  to  the  town,  wherein  one  Rus- 
selP*  of  St.  Louis  was  the  claimant,  had  gone  against 

14  W^illiam  Russell  was  born  in  Frederick  County,  Virginia,  3  June 
1777,  and  died  at  St.  Louis,  14  July  1857.  In  his  youth  he  adopted 
the  calling  of  surveyor.  He  left  Virginia  in  1803  to  seek  a  new 
home  in  the  Southwest.  He  travelled  on  horseback,  visiting  and  ex- 
amining the  towns  on  the  way,  and  reached  Kaskaskia  in  Novem- 
ber. After  a  short  stay  at  that  place  he  started  for  St.  Louis,  but 
when  he  reached  Cahokia  he  found  the  Mississippi  impassible  be- 
cause of  the  running  ice.  He  spent  sometime  at  Prairie  du  Rocher 
and  at  Kaskaskia  and  finally  succeeded  in  crossing  the  river  early 
in  February,  reaching  St.  Louis  on  the  eighth  of  that  month,  while 
the  country  was  still  under  Spanish  rule.  Here  he  found  a  situa- 
tion answerable  to  his  desires,  and  here  he  made  his  home.  His  ser- 
vices as  land  surveyor  were  soon  in  demand,  and  he  presently  be- 
gan to  purchase  land  on  his  own  account. 

On  3  July  181 1,  he  was  licensed  by  Judge  Lucas  to  practice  law, 
but  he  never  actively  identified  himself  with  the  bar.  He  followed 
his  original  bent,  and  became  the  owner  of  a  great  amount  of  land 
in  both  Missouri  and  Arkansas.  In  1829,  he  bought  a  farm  in  the 
Petite  Prairie,  in  what  is  now  South  St.  Louis,  and  there  established 
his  home.  His  house,  now  in  ruins,  still  stands  at  Russell  Avenue 
and  Ninth  Streets.  Mr.  Russell  was  a  man  of  education,  and  the 
possessor  of  a  good  library,  a  portion  of  which  is  now  owned  by 
the  Missouri  Historical  Society.     He  had  but  one  child,  a  daughter, 


mi  "■  [  1 8  2 1  ] 

the  citizens  of  Little  Rock  and  in  favor  of  Russell. 
The  whole  community  instantly  turned  out  en  masse 
and  in  one  day  and  night  Mr.  Russell's  land  was  dis- 
encumbered of  the  Town  of  Little  Rock.  They  coolly 
and  quietly,  though  not  without  much  unnecessary 
noise,  took  the  town  up  and  set  it  down  on  a  neigh- 
boring claim  of  the  Quawpaw  tribe,  and  fire  re- 
moved what  was  irremovable  In  a  more  convenient 
way.  The  free  and  enlightened  citizens  of  Little 
Rock  made  a  change  of  landlords  more  rapidly  than 
Bonaparte  took  Moscow. 

Here  I  saw  Matthew  Lyon,^'^  then  quite  an  old 
man,  canvassing  for  Congress.  He  was  a  man  of 
some  note  in  John  Adam's  administration,  by  whom 
he  was  imprisoned  under  the  Alien  and  Sedition 
Law.  He  came  into  Little  Rock,  with  the  judge  and 
lawyers,  from  Diamond  Hill,  the  day  after  the  grand 
moving  of  the  town.  He  rode  a  mule,  which  had 
thrown  him  into  a  bayou,  and  his  appearance  as  he 
came  in,  covered  with  mud  from  head  to  foot,  was 
a  subject  of  much  laughter  for  his  companions  and 
the  town  of  Little  Rock,  which  had  now  begun  to 
assume  a  look  of  some  age,  being  just  twenty-four 
hours  old.  Lyon  was  not  returned  to  Congress  and 
he  died  a  few  years  afterwards.  In  1824  I  saw  his 
grave  at  Spadre,  in  the  Cherokee  country,  where  he 
had  kept  a  trading  establishment. 

Before   I  left  Little   Rock  I  procured  a  license 

Ann,  who  on  12  July  1842,  became  the  wife  of  Thomas  Allen.    A 
number  of  their  descendants  are  now  living  in  St.  Louis. 
1^  A  sketch  of  Lyon  will  be  found  in  the  Appendix. 


[i82i]  103 

to  trade  with  all  the  Indian  tribes  on  the  Arkan- 
sas and  its  tributaries,  from  Secretary  Charles  Crit- 
tenden,^^ Governor  Miller  being  out  of  the  Terri- 
tory. I  gave  bond  in  the  sum  of  $3,000,  with  Judge 
Scott^^  as  security,  to  observe  the  laws  of  the  United 
States,  and  it  always  appeared  to  me  that  I  was 
entitled  to  indemnity  from  my  country  for  the  rob- 
beries which  I  suffered  from  the  Indians.  My  losses 
in  this  way  were  tremendous  and  have  weighed  me 
down  to  the  earth  from  that  day  to  this,  the  best 
portion  of  my  life;  but  not  one  cent  have  I  ever  been 
able  to  obtain  from  the  justice  of  Congress,  whose 
laws  I  was  bound  to  obey,  whose  license  from  the 
hands  of  a  government  officer  I  carried  with  me, 
and  who  by  every  rule  of  justice  was  bound  to  pro- 
tect me  in  a  business  which  it  authorized  by  license 
and  regulated  by  heavy  penalties. 

16  Robert  Crittenden  (not  Charles)  was  born  in  Kentucky  in  1797 
and  died  at  Vicksburg  18  December,  1834.  He  was  a  brother  of 
John  J.  Crittenden,  the  famous  Kentucky  Senator.  He  served  in  the 
army  in  the  war  of  1812.  He  was  appointed  secretary  of  Arkansas 
Territory  3  March,  1819,  and  continued  in  that  office  until  1829. 
During  a  considerable  portion  of  his  term  he  was  the  acting  gov- 
ernor.    He  was  a  brilliant  lawyer  and  a  popular  man. 

1^  Andrew  Scott  was  born  in  Hanover  County,  Virginia,  in  1788. 
He  came  to  Missouri  about  1805  and  made  his  home  at  Potosi  in 
Washington  County,  where  he  entered  upon  the  practice  of  law. 
In  1 8 12  he  was  elected  clerk  of  the  Territorial  Legislature,  and  was 
re-elected  from  time  to  time  until  he  vacated  the  office  by  leaving 
the  Territory.  In  1808  he  was  appointed,  by  President  Monroe,  Judge 
of  the  Superior  Court  of  the  Territory  of  Arkansas  and  removed 
from  Potosi  to  Arkansas  Post.  He  was  a  man  of  much  legal  and 
judicial  ability,  and  of  the  highest  character,  and  throughout  a  long 
life  was  a  universally  respected  citizen.  He  died  in  Pope  County, 
Arkansas,  at  his  farm,  to  which  he  gave  the  name  Scotia,  13  March 
1 85 1.  He  married  at  Potosi,  Eliza,  the  eldest  daughter  of  John  Rice 
Jones.  Several  children  survived  him.  His  portrait  is  given  in  3 
Houck's  History  of  Missouri,  p.  5. 


104  [i82i] 

Continuing  our  course  up  the  river,  we  passed 
through  a  more  rocky  and  uneven  country  than  that 
below  Little  Rock.  The  Maumel  mountain,^^  some 
fifty  or  sixty  miles  above  this  town,  and  a  mile  from 
the  south  bank  of  the  river,  is  a  great  curiosity.  It 
rises  six  hundred  feet  above  the  level  of  the  river, 
and  in  shape  resembles  a  coal  pit.  A  large  spring 
of  fresh  water  gushes  from  the  top  and  runs  down  its 
side  to  the  river.  We  now  passed  through  the  coun- 
try of  the  Cherokees,^^  whose  farms  and  log  houses 
made  a  fine  appearance  on  the  banks  of  the  river, 
and  would  compare  favorably  with  those  of  any 
western  State.  They  were  at  this  time  highly  civ- 
ilized and  have  since  made  great  advances  in  the  arts. 
These  were  that  part  of  the  nation  called  the  Rogers 
party,  who  just  emigrated  from  the  east  to  the  west 
side  of  the  Mississippi,  and  ultimately,  about  the 
year  1833,  with  the  powerful  agency  of  the  General 
Government,  caused  the  removal  of  the  whole  na- 
tion to  this  country,  where  they  are  making  rapid 

1^  The  Mamelle  or  Maumelle  Mountain  is  in  Pulaski  County, 
Arkansas,  at  the  junction  of  Maumelle  Creek  with  the  Arkansas 
River.  Nuttall  describes  it  as  a  lofty,  conic  and  broken  hill,  prob- 
ably more  than  one  thousand  feet  in  height,  presenting  the  appear- 
ance of  a  vast  pyramid  hiding  its  summit  in  the  clouds. 

^9  The  Cherokees  first  came  into  Arkansas  as  early  as  1785.  Dis- 
satisfied with  the  treaty  of  Hopewell,  S.  C,  a  few  of  this  nation  en- 
tered the  Spanish  country  and  formed  a  settlement  on  the  St.  Fran- 
cois River.  This  was  shortly  afterwards  abandoned  and  a  new 
settlement  made  on  White  River.  Jefferson  encouraged  other  Cher- 
okees to  follow  their  kinsmen  to  the  West,  until,  in  18 17,  they  num- 
bered nearly  three  thousand.  In  1817  a  treaty  was  made  by  which 
a  large  tract  of  the  Cherokees'  land  east  of  the  Mississippi  was  ceded 
to  the  United  States  in  exchange  for  a  tract  in  Arkansas,  and  a  large 
immigration  took  place.  For  some  account  of  the  life  of  the  Cher- 
okees in  Arkansas  in  early  times,  see  Abney's  Life  and  Adventures 
of  L.  D.  Lafferty, 


[i82i]  105 

progress  in  national  prosperity.  Their  Delegate  will 
take  his  seat  in  our  next  Congress  as  Representative 
of  the  first  Indian  Territory  ever  organized.  If  this 
nation  shall  form  a  nucleus  for  the  preservation  of 
the  race  from  annihilation,  the  cheerless  predictions 
of  the  Physiologists  will  be  most  fortunately  falsi- 
fied, and  the  Philanthropist  will  rejoice  in  the  per- 
petuation of  the  true  Indian  race  and  character. 

Fort  Smith'^  lies  about  six  hundred  miles  from 
the  mouth  of  the  Arkansas  and  on  the  western  con- 
fines of  the  Cherokee  country,  and  near  that  of  the 
Osages,  which  tribes  were  now  at  war  with  each 
other.  We  stopped  a  few  days  at  this  post,  where 
we  were  well  received  by  Lieutenant  Scott^^  and 
the  commandant.  Major  Bradford,''  who  examined 

20  Fort  Smith,  at  the  junction  of  the  Poteau  with  the  Arkansas 
river,  about  one  hundred  and  thirty  miles  west-northwest  from  Lit- 
tle Rock,  was  built  in  18 17.  The  site,  then  called  Belle  Pointe,  was 
chosen  by  Major  Stephen  H.  Long,  and  the  fort  erected  under  the 
direction  of  Major  William  Bradford.  A  town  was  laid  out  in 
1838,  on  land  adjoining  the  United  States  reservation,  which  has 
grown  into  a  beautfiul  and  prosperous  city  of  about  thirty  thousand 
inhabitants. 

21  Martin  Scott  of  Vermont  entered  upon  his  military  career  as 
second-lieutenant  of  the  4th  U.  S.  Infantry  21  April,  1814.  Promo- 
tion came  to  him  slowly,  and  he  did  not  become  a  captain  until 
1828.  In  the  Mexican  War,  however,  he  received  three  promotions 
in  one  year  for  gallant  conduct,  and  became  lieutenant-colonel  23 
September,  1846.  He  was  killed  in  action  at  Molino  del  Rey,  8  Sep- 
tember, 1847.  Colonel  Marcy  devotes  the  whole  of  an  interesting 
chapter  in  his  book.  Thirty  Years  of  Army  Life  on  the  Border,  to 
Scott's  adventures  and  peculiarities. 

22  William  Bradford  was  born  in  Virginia.  He  removed  to  Ken- 
tucky and  was  appointed,  12  March,  18 12,  captain  in  the  17th  U.  S. 
Infantry.     He  saw  much  service  and  was  promoted  to  the  rank  of 


io6  [1821] 

and  approved  our  license.  The  Major  was  a  small, 
stern-looking  man,  an  excellent  disciplinarian  and  a 
gallant  officer.  He  invited  McKnight  and  me  to 
make  his  house  our  home  until  we  had  rested  our 
company  and  put  our  guns  in  good  order  prepara- 
tory to  entering  the  Indian  country.  He  and  his  wife 
treated  us  with  the  utmost  kindness  and  hospitality, 
and  on  leaving,  presented  us  a  large  supply  of  gar- 
den vegetables,  with  a  barrel  of  onions,  which  we 
were  not  to  broach  until  we  had  killed  our  first  buf- 
falo, when  we  were  enjoined  to  have  "a  general 
feast  in  honor  of  old  Billy  Bradford."  His  kindness 
made  a  deep  impression  on  us.  We  here  tried  to 
mark  out  our  course  for  the  future,  which  we  de- 
termined should  be  the  Arkansas  to  within  sixty 
miles  from  Taos  in  New  Mexico,  Baum  having  told 
me  that  this  river  was  navigable  thus  far,  and  the 
Canadian  being  too  shallow  for  our  boat.  Parting 
from  the  hospitable  old  Major,  we  ascended  the 
river  to  the  Salt  Fork,-^  which  enters  from  the  south, 

major,  10  November,  1818.  He  was  a  candidate  for  Congress  in 
1823,  but  was  defeated  by  Henry  W.  Conway,  by  a  majority  of 
three  hundred  votes.  He  resigned  from  the  army  i  May,  1824,  and 
died  20  October,  1826.  Travellers  who  visited  Fort  Smith  while  he 
was  in  command  there  all  commend  his  generous  hospitality. 

23  There  is  much  confusion  in  the  old  maps  as  to  the  names  of  the 
rivers  in  this  part  of  the  country.  Long's  map,  which  was  drawn 
abput  1820,  calls  the  river  here  referred  to  as  the  Salt  Fork,  the  A'^^- 
suketonga  or  Grand  Saline.  Tixier  gives  it  Niskureh-tonga,  from 
the  Osage  words  nhi,  water,  shureh,  salt,  and  tonga,  big.  Gregg,  on 
a  map  published  1844,  calls  it  the  Red  Fork,  of  the  Arkansas.  V^hat 
is  now  called  the  Salt  Fork  (or  Negraka),  Gregg  calls  in  its  lower 
reaches  the  Salt  Fork,  and  in  its  upper,  the  Cimarron.  For  a  de- 
tailed account  of  the  vagaries  of  map  makers  regarding  these  rivers, 
see  2  Pike's  Expeditions  (Coues'  Ed.),  p.  552,  note  10.  The  details 
hereinafter  given  by  James  demonstrate  that  what  he  here  calls  the 
Salt  Fork  is  what  is  now  the  Cimarron.    This  river  rises  among  the 


[i82i]  107 

passing  in  our  way  the  Grand  Rlver,^*  then  called 
the  Six  Bulls,  and  the  Verdigrisr'  at  whose  mouth 
Fort  Gibson-'^  has  since  been  built.  The  waters  of 
the  Salt  Fork  are  very  much  saturated  with  salt, 
tasting  like  strong  brine  where  they  enter  the  Arkan- 
sas. After  this  we  proceeded  with  great  difficulty, 
and  about  thirty  miles  above  the  South  [Salt?] 
Fork  our  further  progress  was  entirely  stopped  by 
the  lowness  of  the  water.  There  being  no  prospect 
of  a  speedy  rise  in  the  river  at  this  time,  which  was 
the  month  of  August,  we  returned  four  miles  to  an 
Osage  road,  which  we  had  observed  in  going  up, 

Raton  Mountains  near  the  boundary  line  between  Colorado  and  New 
Mexico;  its  general  course  is  southeastwardly  entering  Kansas  near 
its  southwest  corner,  then  passing  into  what  used  to  be  called  "No- 
mans-land,"  then  back  into  Kansas,  then  through  the  present^  Okla- 
homa to  its  confluence  with  the  Arkansas  River  at  about  36°  10'  north 
latitude.     Its  length  is  estimated  at  six  hundred  and  fifty  miles. 

-4  Neosho  River  rises  in  Morris  County,  Kansas,  a  few  miles  from 
Council  Grove  (famous  in  the  annals  of  the  Santa  Fe  Trail).  Its 
course  is  generally  south-eastward,  and  it  unites  with  the  Arkansas 
River  near  Fort  Gibson;  the  Arkansas,  the  Neosho  and  the  Verdi- 
gris forming  what  James  calls  the  Three  Forks.  The  name,  Neosho, 
is  from  the  Osage  nhi,  water,  and  ska,  white.  The  French  called  it 
Grande,  or  big;  and  for  a  time  it  also  bore  the  name  Six  Bulls,  the 
outcome,  no  doubt,  of  a  buffalo  hunt. 

25  The  Verdigris  River  heads  in  Chase  County,  Kansas,  about 
eighteen  miles  southwest  of  Emporia,  and  flows  generally  southward, 
entering  the  Arkansas  River  about  one  mile  above  the  mouth  of  the 
Neosho,  and  three  miles  from  Fort  Gibson.  It  is  about  two  hun- 
dred and  eighty  miles  in  length. 

26  Fort  Gibson  was  established  by  Col.  Mathew  Arbuckle  of  the 
7th  U.  S.  Infantry  in  April,  1824.  It  is  situated  on  the  Neosho 
River  about  two  miles  above  its  mouth.  James  Hildreth,  who  was 
in  camp  near  the  Fort  in  1833,  describes  the  situation  and  the  life 
at  the  post  in  his  Dragoon  Campaigns  to  the  Rocky  Mountains.  N. 
Y.  1836.  Jefferson  Davis  was  at  one  time  stationed  here,  and  the 
house  occupied  by  him  and  his  wife  (who  was  a  daughter  of  Pres- 
ident Taylor)  was  for  many  years  an  object  of  great  interest,  but  it 
was  finally  carried  away,  even  the  foundation  stones,  by  relic  hunt- 
ers. 


io8  [1821] 

and  here  I  sent  three  men  to  the  Osage  village, ^^ 
which  I  knew  could  not  be  far  distant,  for  the  pur- 
pose of  opening  a  trade  with  this  tribe.  In  five  or 
six  days  these  men  returned  to  me  with  forty  Osages 
and  a  Capt.  Prior,  formerly  of  the  United  States 
Army.  I  mentioned  him  in  the  first  chapter  as  the 
commander  of  the  escort  of  the  Mandan  Chief,  She- 
haka.  He  was  a  Sergeant  in  Lewis  &  Clark's  expe- 
dition, and  a  Captain  at  the  Battle  of  New  Orleans. 
On  the  reduction  of  the  army  after  the  war, 
he  was  discharged  to  make  way  for  some  parlor 
soldier  and  sunshine  patriot,  and  turned  out  in  his 
old  age  upon  the  ''world's  wide  common."  I  found 
him  here  among  the  Osages,  with  whom  he  had 
taken  refuge  from  his  country's  ingratitude,  and  was 
living  as  one  of  their  tribe,  where  he  may  yet  be, 
unless  death  has  discharged  the  debt  his  country 
owed  him. 

I  took  out  some  goods,  and  with  McKnight,  my 
brother  and  the  Spaniard  Maesaw,  accompanied 
Capt.  Prior  and  the  Indians  to  their  village,  to  the 
southeast,  which  we  reached  in  two  days.  Here  we 
found  our  old  friend,  Maj.  Bradford,  Hugh  Glenn^^ 

27  The  Osage  village  was  on  the  west  side  of  the  Verdigris  River 
about  sixty  miles  from  its  mouth,  in  what  is  now  Mayes  County, 
Oklahoma,  and  was  said  to  contain  (in  1819)  seven  or  eight  hun- 
dred men  and  their  families.      (Nuttall.) 

28  Hugh  Glenn.  Nuttall  was  at  Cincinnati  in  November,  1818, 
and  says:  "Here  I  had  the  good  fortune  through  Dr.  Drake,  to  be 
introduced  to  Mr.  H.  Glenn,  lately  sutler  to  the  garrison  of  Arkan- 
sas." Long's  party,  who  met  Glenn  at  Cincinnati  in  May  1819, 
speak  of  being  indebted  to  him  for  many  friendly  attentions.  In 
September  1820  Captain  Bell  and  others  of  Long's  Company  visited 
Glenn's  trading  house  near  the  Verdigris  River  about  a  mile  above 
its  confluence  with  the  Arkansas,   and   a  few  days  later  they  met 


[i82i]  109 

from  Cincinnati,  with  goods  and  about  twenty  men, 
on  his  way  to  the  Spanish  country,  and  also  Capt. 
Barbour,''  an  Indian  trader  from  the  mouth  of  the 

Glenn  at  Fort  Smith.  The  story  of  Glenn's  expedition  to  Santa  ¥€ 
is  told  in  T/ie  Journal  of  Jacob  Foivler,  edited  by  Dr.  Elliott  Coues. 
The  St.  Louis  records  show  the  marriage  of  Hugh  Glenn  to  Eliza- 
beth McDonald  on  26  January  1813,  and  a  number  of  transfers  of 
land  made  by  him  both  before  and  after  his  marriage.  On  19  Feb- 
ruary 1835  letters  of  administration  upon  his  estate  were  granted  in 
Callaway  Countv,  Missouri;  and  the  last  entry  in  the  St.  Louis  rec- 
ords is  of  a  conveyance  of  land  by  his  administrator  to  Jacob  Fow- 
ler. At  the  time  of  Glenn's  death  he  owned  thousands  of  acres  of 
land  in  Missouri,  in  Lincoln,  Warren,  Montgomery,  Gasconade, 
Osage,  Cole,  Moniteau,  Saline,  Boone,  Callaway,  and  St.  Louis 
Counties.  No  list  of  his  heirs  has  been  found.  There  is  good  rea- 
son for  believing  that  James'  charges  against  him  are  inspired  by 
personal  dislike  and  are  not  to  be  accepted  as  veracious. 

Since  the  foregoing  was  written,  the  Ohio  Historical  and  Philo- 
sophical Society  has  reprinted  Gorham  A.  Worth's  Recollections  of 
Cincinnati,    from    a    Residence    of    Five    Years,     1817     to     1821, 
in    which    Mr.    Glenn    is    characterized    as    follows:  _    Mr.    Glenn, 
possessed   in    an   eminent   degree,    the   qualities   that   in   those    days 
characterized    a    great    majority    of    the    landholders    and     gentle- 
men   traders    of    the    west,   qualities  that  might  be  stereotyped,   as 
applicable  to  nearly  all,  and  as  forming  a  part  of  the  character  of 
each.    These  qualities,  if  I  may  venture  to  name  them,  were,  a  con- 
fidence in  the  increasing  value  of  their  lands,  growing  out  of  the 
tide  of  emigration  which  was  then  setting  strongly  in ;  a  self-appre- 
ciation,   arising   from   the  consciousness   of  the   fact  that  they  had 
made  themselves  what  they  were;  a  frankness  and  an  unceremoni- 
ous cordiality  of  manner,  the  natural  offspring  of  ease  and  indepen- 
dence;  a  hospitality,  unequalled  in  any  other  part  of  the  Union; 
springing  in  the  first  place  from  the  necessity,  and  continued  from 
a  sense  of  its  liberality  and  dignity,  until  it  became  in  time  the  law 
of  the  land;  a  spirit  of  enterprize,  or  disposition  to  go  ahead  and 
make  a  fortune;  a  readiness  to  embark  in  large  and  hazardous  op- 
erations, with  borrowed  means,  or  even  with  no  means  at  all.     To 
these  may  be  added  a  disregard  for  trifles,— by  which  they  meant 
anything  short  of  positive  ruin;  and  a  sovereign  contempt  for  pru- 
dence and  small  change!     By  the  latter  was  understood  any  sum 
less  than  five  thousand  dollars!     It  is  hardly  necessary  to  add  to 
these,  the  then  invariable  characteristic  of  a  western  gentleman,  a 
high  sense  of  honor,  which  was  in  many  cases,  better  than  his  bond. 
Mr.  Glenn  was  a  gentleman  both  in  his  appearance  and  manner." 
29  "On  the  fourth  of  January  1820,  after  waiting  about  a  month 
for  an  opportunity  of  descending,  I  now  embraced  the  favorable  ad- 
vantage of  proceeding  in   the  boat  of  Mr.  Barber,   a  merchant  of 


no  [1821] 

Verdigris,  and  formerly  of  Pittsburgh.  I  proposed 
to  Glenn,  whom  I  shall  have  to  mention  unfavorably 
hereafter,  to  travel  in  company  to  the  Spanish  coun- 
try; but  he  appearing  averse  to  the  arrangement,  I 
did  not  urge  it  upon  him.  I  bought  twenty-three 
horses  of  the  Osages  at  high  prices,  for  packing  my 
goods,  and  agreed  with  Barbour  to  cache  (hide  in 
the  earth)  my  heaviest  and  least  portable  goods 
near  the  Arkansas,  for  him  to  take  in  the  following 
spring  down  to  his  store  at  the  mouth  of  the  Verdi- 
gris, sell  them  and  account  to  me  for  the  proceeds 
on  my  return.  I  returned  with  my  companions  to 
the  river  and  carefully  concealed  my  flour,  whiskey, 
lead,  hardware  and  other  heavy  goods.  I  showed 
Capt.  Prior,  who  came  up  the  next  day  with  a  party 
of  Osages  going  out  on  their  fall  hunt,  the  place 
where  I  had  hid  these  goods,  and  packing  the  rest 
on  my  horses,  we  left  the  Arkansas  to  our  right,  or 
the  north,  and  travelled  with  Prior  and  the  Indians 
for  two  days  toward  the  southwest.  We  then  left 
them  and  bore  directly  to  the  west  in  the  direction 
as  pointed  out  to  us  by  the  Indians,  of  the  Salt  Plains 
and  Shining  Mountains. ^°     In  eleven  days  we  struck 

New  Orleans,  to  whose  friendship  and  civility  I  am  indebted  for 
many  favors."     Nuttall. 

30  After  leaving  the  Arkansas  River,  James  started  on  his  over- 
land journey  from  some  place  in  the  present  Pawnee  County,  Okla- 
homa, north  of  the  Cimarron  River,  and  first  struck  that  river  in 
sight  of  the  "Shining  Mountains."  He  says  that  he  followed  the 
right  bank  for  two  days  and  then  crossed  the  river  and  followed  a 
branch  which  led  towards  the  north.  This  is  irreconcilable  unless 
he  crossed  the  river  to  the  south  side  without  mentioning  having  done 
so.  The  "Shining  Mountains"  are  in  Major  County,  south  of  the 
Cimarron,  not  far  from  where  the  Rock  Island  rail  road  now  crosses 
that  river.     George  C.  Sibley  visited  the  "mountains"  in  18 11,  and 


[l82l] 


III 


the  Salt  Fork,  mentioned  before,  and  which  Is  set 
down  on  the  latest  maps  as  the  Cimarron  River.  In 
the  distance  before  us  we  discerned  the  bright  moun- 
tains before  mentioned,  which  the  Indians  had  di- 
rected us  to  pass  In  our  route. 

We  held  on  our  course  for  two  days  along  the 
right  bank  of  the  Salt  Fork,  over  mounds  and  be- 
tween hills  of  sand  which  the  wind  had  blown  up 
In  some  places  to  the  height  of  one  hundred  feet. 
Our  progress  was  very  slow,  the  horses  sometimes 
sinking  to  their  breasts  In  the  sand.  The  bed  of  the 
river  In  many  places  was  quite  dry,  the  water  being 
lost  In  the  sand,  and  as  we  advanced.  It  appeared 
covered  over  with  salt,  Hke  snow.  The  water,  man- 
tled over  with  salt,  stood  in  frequent  pools,  from 
the  bottom  of  which  we  could  scoop  up  that  mineral 
in  bushels.  The  channel  of  the  Salt  River  became 
narrower  and  more  shallow  as  we  proceeded.  The 
sand  so  obstructed  our  progress  that  we  crossed  the 
river  where  travelling  was  less  difficult,  and  soon 
struck  a  branch  of  the  Salt  Fork,^'  equally  impreg- 

describes  them  as  follows: — "One  might  imagine  himself  surrounded 
by  the  ruins  of  some  ancient  city,  and  that  the  plains  had  sunk  by 
some  convulsion  of  nature,  more  than  lOO  feet  below  its  former  level ; 
for  some  of  the  huge  columns  of  red  clay  rise  to  the  height  of  two 
hundred  feet  perpendicular,  capped  with  rocks  of  gypsum,  which  the 
hand  of  time  is  ever  crumbling  off,  and  strewing  in  beautiful  trans- 
parent flakes  along  the  declivities  of  the  hill,  glittering  like  so  many 
mirrors  in  the  sun."  H.  M.  Brackenridge,  Vieivs  of  Louisiana  To- 
gether nvith  a  Journal  of  a  Voyage  up  the  Missouri  River  in  1811,  p. 
294. 

^1  The  branch  here  referred  to  seems  to  have  been  what  is  now 
Eagle  Chief  Creek.  The  course  is  untraceable  unless  what  James 
here  calls  the  "Salt  Branch,"  is  w^hat  he  also  designates  as  the  Salt 
Fork,  or  the  Cimarron.  If  this  is  so,  then  the  meeting  with  the  In- 
dians was  in  w'hat  is  now  Major  County,  some  twenty  five  miles 


112  [l82l] 

nated  with  salt  as  the  main  stream.  Large  crusts  of 
salt  lay  at  the  water's  edge.  Proceeding  on,  we  came 
to  the  Shining  Mountains,  and  a  high  hill  evidently- 
based  upon  salt.  It  stands  near  the  salt  branch,  the 
banks  of  which  were  composed  of  salt  rocks,  from 
which  the  men  broke  off  large  pieces  with  their  tom- 
ahawks. Here,  and  In  the  Salt  River  was  enough 
of  this  valuable  mineral  to  supply  the  world  for  an 
Indefinite  period.  The  Shining  Mountains  lay  south 
of  us  about  four  miles  and  had  been  visible  for  sev- 
eral days.  We  visited  them  and  found  one  of  the 
greatest  curiosities  In  our  country.  I  have  never  seen 
them  nor  the  salt  plains  In  which  they  stand  put  down 
on  any  map  or  described  by  any  white  man.  All  of 
our  travellers  In  this  region  appear  to  have  passed 
to  the  north  or  south  of  them,  as  I  have  never  seen 
or  heard  of  a  description  of  them,  except  by  the  In- 
dians, who  come  here  regularly  and  in  great  force, 
for  salt.  The  mountains  stand  separate  from  each 
other,  are  about  three  hundred  feet  In  height,  and 
are  quite  flat  on  the  summit.  They  are  composed,  in 
part,  of  a  shining,  semi-transparent  rock,  which  re- 
flects the  rays  of  the  sun  to  a  great  distance.  It  is 
soft,  being  easily  cut  with  a  knife,  and  the  hand  Is 
visible  through  thin  pieces  of  It  when  held  in  the  sun- 
light. They  extend  about  thirty  miles  on  the  left 
of  Salt  River  In  a  northwest  and  southeast  direction, 
are  all  of  an  equal  height,  containing  an  area  on  the 

west  of  the  "mountains."  If  by  Salt  Branch  he  means  Eagle  Chief 
Creek,  then  the  meeting  was  some  where  in  Woods  County,  north  of 
the  Cimarron. 


[i82i]  113 

top  of  from  ten  rods  to  a  hundred  acres,  and  are 
entirely  destitute  of  timber.  The  tops  of  most  of 
them  were  inaccessible.  With  great  difficulty  we  as- 
cended one  of  about  ten  acres  in  extent,  from  which 
we  saw  along  the  tops  of  the  others,  they  all  being 
on  the  same  plane.  We  found  the  short,  thin  grass 
of  the  prairie  below,  but  no  shrub  except  the  prickly 
pear.  The  ground  was  covered  with  immense  quan- 
tities of  buffalo  manure,  when  left  there,  it  would  be 
vain  to  conjecture.  The  substance  from  the  ground 
was  clay  for  upwards  of  two  hundred  feet,  then  came 
the  rock  from  ten  to  twenty  feet  thick,  projecting 
over  the  earth,  and  the  soil  above  was  about  ten 
feet  in  depth.  The  rock  is  fast  crumbling  away  by 
the  action  of  water,  which  seems  to  dissolve  it,  as 
we  found  very  few  fragments  at  the  foot  of  the 
mountains  and  none  of  any  considerable  size.  The 
whole  country  was  evidently  at  one  time  on  a  level 
with  these  singular  elevations. 

We  continued  our  course  up  the  bank  of  the  same 
branch  of  Salt  River  by  which  we  had  come.  Its 
water  was  now,  after  leaving  the  salt  plains,  fresh 
and  wholesome,  and  we  travelled  along  its  bank  two 
days,  when  finding  it  took  us  too  much  to  the  north, 
we  left  it  and  bore  to  the  southwest.  This  was  the 
sixth  day  after  reaching  the  Salt  Fork,  and  seventeen 
after  parting  with  Capt.  Prior  and  the  Osages.  We 
killed  seven  buffalo  after  leaving  the  Shining  Moun- 
tains, and  dried  the  meat.  The  carcasses  of  the 
buffaloes  attracting  the  buzzards,  with  some  old 
shoes  and  other  small  articles  left  on  the  ground 


114  [i82i] 

by  the  men,  served  to  discover  us  to  a  war  party  of 
Camanches,^^  who  were  now  on  our  trail.  After 
leaving  the  Salt  Branch,  we  travelled  till  near  night 
without  finding  wood  or  water,  and  then  bore  again 
to  the  northwest  till  we  struck  the  branch.  We 
cooked  our  meat  with  fuel  of  buffalo  manure,  which 
we  gathered  for  the  purpose.  Towards  the  morning 
we  were  all  alarmed  by  the  barking  of  our  dogs, 
followed  by  a  clapping  noise  and  the  sound  of  foot- 
steps. We  slept  no  more  on  that  night,  and  in  the 
morning  saw  upwards  of  a  hundred  Indians  at  a 
short  distance  coming  with  the  design  of  intercepting 
our  horses,  which  were  some  distance  from  camp. 
One  horse  was  pierced  by  a  lance.     I  exhibited  the 

22  "About  1700  the  Comanche,  an  off-shoot  of  the  Shoshoni  of  Wy- 
oming, reached  New  Mexico  and  the  Panhandle  country.  Next 
they  attacked  the  Apache  and  crowded  them  southward,  destroying 
the  extensive  Apache  settlements  of  southwestern  Kansas,  and  occu- 
pying the  northern  Apache  lands  themselves."  "The  Comanche  are 
scattered  from  the  great  Missuris  River  to  the  neighborhood  of  the 
frontier  presidios  of  New  Spain.  They  are  a  people  so  numerous 
and  so  haughty  that  when  asked  their  number,  they  make  no  difficulty 
of  comparing  it  to  that  of  the  stars.  They  are  so  skillful  in  horse- 
manship that  they  have  no  equal ;  so  daring  that  they  never  ask 
for  or  grant  truces ;  and  in  the  possession  of  such  territory  that,  find- 
ing in  it  an  abundance  of  pasturage  for  their  horses  and  an  incred- 
ible number  of  cattle  which  furnish  them  raiment,  food,  and  shelter, 
they  only  just  fall  short  of  possessing  all  of  the  conveniences  of  the 
earth,  and  have  no  need  to  covet  the  trade  pursued  by  the  rest  of 
the  Indians  whom  they  call,  on  this  account,  slaves  of  the  Europeans, 
and  whom  they  despise."  {Athanase  de  Mezieres  and  the  Louisiana- 
Texas  Frontier  1768-1780.  Edited  by  Herbert  Eugene  Bolton.  Vol. 
I,  pp.  24.,  25,  218,  219.)  ^ 

In  1835  they  made  their  first  treaty  with  the  United  States,  and  in 
1868  agreed  to  go  on  a  reservation,  but  it  was  not  until  about  1875 
that  they  finally  settled  upon  it. 

They  were  probably  never  a  large  tribe,  although  supposed  to  be 
populous  on  account  of  their  wide  range.  V^ithin  the  last  50  years 
they  have  been  terribly  wasted  by  war  and  disease.  They  numbered 
1400  in  1904,  attached  to  the  Kiowa  agency,  Oklahoma. 


[i82i]  115 

flag,  which  diverted  their  course,  and  they  came 
among  us  in  a  very  hostile  manner,  seizing  whatever 
they  could  lay  their  hands  on.  The  interpreter  told 
us  they  were  a  war  party  and  advised  me  to  make 
peace  with  them  by  giving  them  presents.  I  did  so, 
distributing  about  three  thousand  dollars'  worth  of 
goods  among  them.  There  were  two  chiefs  in  this 
party,  one  of  whom  was  friendly  and  the  other, 
called  the  one-eyed  chief,  seemed  determined  to  take 
our  lives.  His  party,  however,  was  in  a  minority 
and  soon  after  went  off.  The  friendly  chief  then 
came  up  to  me  and  on  account  of  his  interference 
in  our  behalf  demanded  more  presents,  which  I  made 
to  him.  He  told  me  that  if  I  came  to  the  village 
I  should  be  well  treated  and  implored  me  not  to  go 
up  the  Arkansas.  I  afterwards  learned  that  the  one- 
eyed  chief  had  left  me  with  the  purpose  of  waylay- 
ing us  on  that  river  and  taking  our  lives,  which  was 
the  reason  of  the  friendly  chief's  advice.  Those 
who  were  hostile,  and  they  were  the  whole  of  the 
one-eyed  chief's  party,  seemed  perfectly  infuriated 
against  us.  They  scrutinized  our  equipments,  said 
we  had  Osage  horses  and  were  spies  of  that  nation, 
with  whom  they  were  then  at  war.  At  last  we  were 
rid  of  the  presence  of  these  unpleasant  visitors,  with 
many  dismal  apprehensions  for  the  future.  The 
friendly  chief  left  a  Mexican  Indian,  an  interpreter, 
with  us  as  a  guide.  With  him  we  struck  from  the 
south  branch^"  of  Salt  River,  for  the  north  Fork  of 

33  There  is  no  stream  in  this  neighborhood  of  suflBcient  importance 
to  be  called  the  south  branch.  Ewers'  Creek  is  probably  what  is 
meant.    By  Salt  river,  James  here,  undoubtedly,  means  the  Cimarron. 


ii6  [1821] 

the  Canadian,^*  which  the  Indians  told  us  we  should 
reach  in  one  day's  travel.  Going  in  a  direction  west 
of  south,  we  struck  the  river  on  the  second  day, 
having  suffered  dreadfully  for  want  of  water. 

McKnight  and  I  went  forward  to  find  water  and 
killed  a  buffalo.  We  drank  large  draughts  of  the 
blood  of  this  animal,  which  I  recollect  tasted  like 
milk.  We  found  several  ponds  of  water,  so  tainted 
with  buffalo  manure  as  to  cause  us  to  vomit  on  drink- 
ing of  it.  We  missed  the  party  on  that  night  and 
found  them  on  the  next  day,  all  sick  from  the  water 
they  had  drunk,  and  exhausted  by  previous  fatigue 
and  thirst.  The  horses  were  nearly  worn  out  by  the 
same  causes. 

We  travelled  along  the  North  Fork  of  the  Cana- 
dian for  seven  or  eight  days,  until  we  reached  its 
head^^  in  a  large  morass,  or  swamp,  about  two  miles 
wide,  and  five  or  six  long,  situate  in  a  valley  which 
gradually  narrows  and  disappears  at  last  in  the  vast 
plain  to  the  west.     We  went  up  this  valley,  which 

34  The  Canadian  River  (South  Fork)  rises  in  the  northeastern 
part  of  New  Mexico  and  runs  eastwardly  through  the  panhandle  of 
Texas  (the  former  Llano  Estacado)  and  through  Oklahoma,  enter- 
ing the  Arkansas  River  about  forty  five  miles  above  Fort  Smith. 
Its  length  is  about  nine  hundred  miles.  The  North  Fork  of  the  Ca- 
nadian heads  in  the  same  district  as  the  South  Fork  and  takes  a 
more  northerly  and  extremely  tortuous  course  between  the  Cimarron 
and  the  South  Fork  and  unites  with  the  latter,  in  Mcintosh  County, 
Oklahoma,  about  fifty  miles  above  its  mouth.  The  North  Fork  is  a 
much  smaller  stream  than  the  South,  but,  owing  to  its  bends,_it  is 
longer.  The  name  comes  from  the  peninsular  Spanish  yv  or  A  Canada, 
meaning  a  valley  between  mountains;  a  word  which  has  been  sup- 
planted in  this  countrv  by  canon. 

*^  The  head  of  the  North  Fork  is  many  miles  beyond  the  point  here 
reached  by  James.  He  was  probably  deceived  by  finding  the  bed 
beyond  the  morass  without  water  at  this  time.  The  upper  part  of 
the  stream  is  laid  down  on  some  maps  as  Beaver  Creek. 


[i82i]  117 

was  now  dry,  but  in  the  spring  is  filled  with  a  rapid 
stream.  We  saw  thousands  of  buffalo  along  its 
course,  and  found  a  large  pond  about  an  acre  in 
extent,  but  the  water  was  so  spoiled  by  manure  as 
to  sicken  us  all.  After  passing  through  this  valley 
we  bore  for  the  Canadian  River  towards  the  south, 
and  on  the  second  day,  after  intense  suffering  from 
thirst,  we  struck  a  fine  spring  of  fresh  water.  This 
was  a  rich  source  of  real  refreshment  and  enjoy- 
ment. Following  the  stream  made  by  this  spring, 
we  reached  the  Canadian,  and  travelled  up  its  course 
for  several  days.  We  had  encamped  for  the  night 
on  the  twenty-first  day  after  meeting  the  Camanches 
who  had  robbed  us  on  the  branch  of  Salt  River, 
when  we  saw  a  great  number  of  mounted  Indians 
coming  over  a  rising  ground  in  our  front,^®  and  at 
their  head  the  friendly  chief,  who  advanced  with 
outstretched  hand  crying  towaue,  towaue — "good, 
good."  Coming  up,  he  embraced  me  in  Indian 
custom,  and  requested  me  to  go  with  him  to  his 
village.  Here  an  Indian  seized  a  brass  kettle  and 
rode  off  with  it.  This  act  alarmed  me,  and  I  asked 
the  chief  if  he  could  protect  my  property  if  I  went 
with  him.  He  said  he  could  not,  and  I  declined  his 
invitation  for  that  night,  and  requested  him  to  leave 
a  body  of  trusty  Indians,  to  defend  me  till  morning. 
He  did  so,  and  we  were  not  molested  that  night. 

In  the  morning  we  marched  with  our  guard  from 
the  left  bank  of  the  river,  where  we  had  encamped, 

36  The  place  of  their  second  meeting  with  the  Indians  was  in  the 
Texas  panhandle  near  the  New  Mexican  border. 


ii8  [1821] 

to  the  right  bank,  and  in  two  miles  above  we  found 
the  whole  village  of  the  Indians,  numbering  a  thou- 
sand lodges,  situated  in  the  bottom  near  the  base  of 
a  large  mound.  We  were  met  by  one  of  the  prin- 
cipal chiefs,  whose  looks  were  to  me  ominous  of  evil. 
He  was  a  little,  vicious-looking  old  man  and  eyed  me 
most  maliciously.  We  were  taken  close  to  the  foot 
of  the  mound  near  this  chiefs  lodge,  and  there  we 
encamped,  having  piled  up  my  goods  and  covered 
them  with  skins.  The  Indians  then  demanded  pres- 
ents and  about  a  thousand  chiefs  and  warriors  sur- 
rounded us.  I  laid  out  for  them  tobacco,  powder, 
lead,  Vermillion,  calico  and  other  articles,  amounting 
to  about  $1,000  in  value.  This  did  not  satisfy  them, 
and  they  began  to  break  open  my  bales  of  cloth  and 
divide  my  finest  woolens  designed  for  the  Spanish 
market,  among  them.  After  losing  about  $1,000 
more  in  this  way,  I  induced  them  to  desist  from  fur- 
ther robbery.  The  principal  chief,  named  Big  Star, 
now  appeared  and  said  they  had  enough.  They  di- 
vided the  spoil  among  two  or  three  thousand,  of 
whom  all  got  some.  They  tore  up  the  cloth  into 
garments  for  the  middle  and  blankets.  They  tied 
the  silk  handkerchiefs  to  their  hair  as  ornaments, 
which  streamed  in  the  wind. 

This  robbery  over,  I  smoked  with  them  and  pre- 
pared to  go  on  my  journey.  This  they  forbade  and 
we  were  compelled  to  stay  over  that  day.  We  kept 
a  strong  guard  through  the  night  on  our  goods  and 
horses.  On  the  next  morning  they  pretended  that 
another  party  had  arrived  who  required  presents. 


[i82i]  119 

This  information  was  brought  by  a  one-eyed  Span- 
iard, who  acted  as  interpreter  and  had  got  from  me 
as  a  present  a  whole  suit  of  cloth  and  a  large  supply 
of  ammunition.  He  was  the  instigator  of  this  new 
demand.  The  Indians  began  to  gather  around  us, 
and  break  open  and  drag  about  the  goods.  The 
chiefs  stood  off,  taking  no  part.  I  then  made  them 
another  set  of  presents,  worth,  probably,  a  thousand 
dollars  more.  We  now  hoped  to  be  allowed  to  pass 
on,  and  requested  leave  to  go,  but  they  refused  it; 
and  the  friendly  chief  advised  us  to  stay.  I  had  seen 
many  savages,  but  none  so  suspicious  and  little  as 
these.  They  seemed  to  regard  us  as  spies  in  their 
country.  We  stayed  with  them  the  second  day  and 
night  without  any  further  robbery  than  that  I  have 
mentioned.  On  the  third  day  of  my  stay,  the  one- 
eyed  chief  came  into  the  village  from  the  Arkansas, 
where  he  had  been  with  a  hundred  men,  awaiting  us 
with  murderous  designs.  On  his  coming  in,  the  in- 
terpreter, Maesaw,  ran  to  me,  saying  we  should  cer- 
taily  be  killed,  and  the  women  and  children  ran  from 
their  lodges  like  chickens  before  a  hawk.  I  had  made 
the  Big  Star  chief  my  friend  my  presenting  him  with 
a  splendid  sword.  He  now  came  up  and  took  me 
into  the  little  old  chief's  lodge,  saying  I  would  be 
shot  if  I  remained  out.  Our  time  seemed  nearly 
come.  In  the  distance  we  saw  the  one-eyed  with  his 
troop  approaching,  all  painted  black  and  armed  with 
guns,  bows  and  arrows  and  lances.  We  were  eleven 
against  a  hundred  at  least,  perhaps  thousands.  The 
Big  Star  sent  a  messenger  to  my  enemy  and  asked 


120  [l82l] 

him  what  would  satisfy  him  In  lieu  of  our  lives.  He 
replied  that  he  must  have  for  each  of  his  men  as 
much  cloth  as  his  outstretched  arms  would  once 
measure;  an  equal  quantity  of  calico;  powder,  lead, 
Vermillion,  knives,  beads,  looking  glasses,  etc.,  and 
for  himself  the  sword  which  he  had  seen  on  the  south 
branch  of  Salt  River.  I  sent  him  word  that  I  had 
not  the  Vermillion,  knives,  beads  and  looking  glasses, 
nor  the  sword,  which  I  had  presented  to  the  Big 
Star.  He  said  the  story  about  the  sword  was  a  lie, 
that  I  had  given  it  to  Big  Star  to  prevent  him  from 
getting  It,  and  that  he  would  have  It  or  my  scalp, 
and  as  to  the  other  articles,  he  would  take  cloth  In- 
stead of  them.  The  Big  Star  here  sent  to  his  lodge 
for  the  sword,  and  taking  It  in  his  hand,  he  pressed 
Its  side  to  his  heart  and  then  handed  It  to  me,  saying, 
"Take  It  and  send  It  to  the  one-eyed  chief.  You 
have  no  other  way  of  saving  your  life  and  the  lives 
of  your  people."  I  did  as  he  advised,  and  measured 
off  about  five  hundred  yards  of  cloth  and  calico,  of 
which  the  former  cost  me  seven  dollars  per  yard  in 
Baltimore,  and  sent  them  to  my  deadly  enemy. 

This  appeared  to  pacify  him  and  again  I  proposed 
to  go  on  my  way.  To  this  they  again  objected,  saying 
that  the  whole  village  would  go  down  the  river  In  the 
morning,  and  we  should  then  be  permitted  to  part 
from  them  and  continue  our  course  up  the  river  as 
before  meeting  with  them.  We  had  the  horses 
brought  up  and  prepared,  that  evening,  for  an  early 
start  In  the  morning.  One-half  kept  guard  while  the 
rest  of  our  party  endeavored  to  sleep.     But  there 


[l82l]  121 

was  no  rest  for  any  of  us  on  that  most  dismal  night. 
This  was  the  third  sleepless  night  which  we  had 
passed  with  these  ferocious  savages,  and  we  were 
nearly  worn  down  by  fatigue,  anxiety  and  watching. 
Before  daylight  a  party  of  boys  ascended  the  mound 
in  our  rear,  and  from  the  top  stoned  our  company 
until  they  were  dislodged  and  driven  down  by  the 
exertions  of  the  friendly  chief.  Uncertain  of  our 
fate  and  nearly  exhausted,  we  awaited  in  sullen  pa- 
tience, the  issue  of  events.  The  sun  as  he  rose 
seemed  to  wear  an  aspect  of  gloom,  and  everything 
portended  evil  to  our  little  band.  Six  of  my  horses 
had  been  taken  in  the  night,  and  I  ordered  my  men 
out  to  find  and  bring  them  back.  The  friendly  chief 
now  came  to  me  with  great  concern  and  dejection 
In  his  countenance,  and  begged  of  me  not  to  leave 
my  station  or  allow  the  men  to  go  out. 

''Keep  together,"  said  he,  "or  you  will  be  killed. 
The  men  that  go  out  will  be  murdered.  Don't  try 
to  get  back  to  your  horses."  I  saw  that  the  whole 
army  were  preparing  to  decamp,  and  pulling  down 
their  lodges.  Some  time  after  sunrise,  I  perceived 
about  fifty  of  the  chiefs  and  older  Indians  going  up 
unto  the  mound  above  us,  in  our  rear,  followed  by 
a  multitude  of  young  warriors  and  boys.  An  old 
man  turned  and  drove  them  back;  the  two  friendly 
chiefs  did  not  go  up.  Arrived  at  the  top,  this  com- 
pany formed  the  circle,  sat  down  and  smoked.  Then 
one  of  their  number  commenced  what  seemed  to  us, 
from  his  gestures,  to  be  a  violent  harangue,  de- 
signed to  inflame  their  passions.    I  told  my  company 


122  [l82l] 

that  this  council  would  decide  our  fate.  They  asked 
me  how  I  knew  this.  If  they  come  down,  said  I, 
friendly,  we  shall  have  nothing  to  fear ;  but  if  sulky, 
and  out  of  humor,  we  have  nothing  to  hope.  Put 
your  guns  in  good  order,  and  be  prepared  for  the 
worst.  We  must  sell  our  lives  as  dearly  as  possible. 
In  this  sentiment  they  all  agreed  with  me,  and  we 
prepared  to  meet  our  fate,  whatever  it  should  be, 
like  men.  During  this  time,  the  lodges,  with  the 
women  and  children,  were  fast  disappearing,  and 
the  men  assembling  before  us  on  horseback  and 
afoot,  armed  with  guns,  bows  and  lances.  The  coun- 
cil on  the  hill,  after  an  hour's  consultation,  descended, 
and  we  soon  learned  that  our  deaths  were  deter- 
mined upon.  Those  Indians  who  before  were  so- 
ciable were  now  distant  and  sulky.  When  spoken  to 
by  any  of  us  they  made  no  answer. 

The  friendly  chief  and  Big  Star,  who  had  taken 
no  part  in  the  council,  now  came  and  shook  hands, 
and  bade  us  farewell.  I  besought  them  to  stay  with 
us;  shaking  their  heads  sorrowfully,  they  went  away. 
The  press  in  front  now  greatly  increased.  Nearly 
two  thousand  warriors  stood  before  and  around 
us,  with  the  evident  intention  of  making  an  attack, 
and  appeared  to  be  waiting  the  signal  for  the  on- 
slaught. We  stood  in  a  circle  with  our  back  to  the 
goods  and  saddles  heaped  up  above  all  our  heads; 
and  with  out  rifles  raised  to  our  breasts  and  our  fin- 
gers on  the  triggers.  We  were  also  armed  with 
knives  and  tomahawks.  Old  Jemmy  Wilson  seized 
an  axe,  having  no  gun,  and  swore  he  would  hew  his 


[i82i]  123 

way  as  far  as  he  could.  Thus  we  stood,  eleven 
against  two  thousand,  with  death  staring  us  in  the 
face.  All  seemed  unwilling  to  commence  the  bloody 
work.  The  suspense  was  awful.  I  stood  between 
John  McKnight  and  my  brother,  and  noticed  their 
countenances.  McKnight's  face  was  white,  and  his 
chin  and  lips  were  quivering.  My  brother,  as  brave 
a  man  as  ever  lived,  looked  desperate  and  deter- 
mined. Not  a  man  but  seemed  bent  to  die  in  arms 
and  fighting,  and  none  were  overcome  by  fear. 

Thus  we  stood  near  half  an  hour  in  deadly  si- 
lence; at  length  the  White  Bear  warrior,  a  chief 
dressed  in  a  whole  bear  skin,  with  the  claws  hanging 
over  his  hands,  rode  swiftly  toward  us,  through  the 
crowd,  with  his  lance  in  his  hand,  as  if  to  annihilate 
us  at  once ;  but  seeing  the  dangerous  position  he  was 
in,  he  stopped  short  about  five  paces  from  us,  and 
glared  upon  me  with  the  most  deadly  malignity.  Find- 
ing he  could  not  reach  me  with  his  lance,  he  took  out 
his  pistol,  examined  the  priming,  tossed  out  the 
powder  from  the  pan,  reprimed,  and  again  fixed  his 
devilish  eyes  full  upon  me.  But  he  saw  that  I  could 
fire  first  and  he  kept  his  pistol  down.  Here  McKnight 
first  broke  the  dreadful  silence,  saying,  "Let  us  com- 
mence, James,  you  will  be  the  first  one  killed — this 
suspense  is  worse  than  death;  the  black  chief  is  my 
mark."  I  said  no,  McKnight,  let  us  forbear  as  long 
as  they  do;  for  us  to  begin  Is  folly  in  the  extreme; 
but  as  soon  as  a  gun  is  fired  we  must  fire,  rush  in  and 
sell  our  lives  as  dearly  as  possible.  Here  Kirker 
walked  out  with  his  gun  over  his  head,  gave  it  up, 


124  [l82l] 

and  passed  Into  the  crown  unmolested.  In  a  minute 
afterwards  we  heard  a  cry  from  a  distance,  approach- 
ing nearer  and  nearer,  of  Tabbaho,  Tabbaho.^^''  This 
I  supposed  was  on  account  of  Kirker's  surrender. 
The  cry  increased  and  spread  throughout  the  crowd. 
Looking  towards  the  southwest,  whence  the  cry 
arose,  while  the  White  Bear's  attention  was  with- 
drawn, I  saw  six  horsemen  riding  at  full  speed,  and 
as  they  came  nearer,  we  heard  the  words  in  Spanish, 
save  them !  save  them !  In  a  moment  a  Spanish  of- 
ficer rushed  into  our  arms,  exclaiming,  "Thank  God 
we  are  in  time;  you  are  all  safe  and  unhurt."  He 
said  that  he  had  heard  of  our  danger  by  accident, 
that  morning,  and  ridden  twenty  miles  to  save  us. 
All  the  circumstances  of  our  rescue  we  learned  the 
next  day.  With  joyous  and  thankful  hearts  for  our 
escape  from  a  death  that  five  minutes  before  seemed 
inevitable,  we  prepared  to  depart  with  our  pre- 
servers. I  had  bidden  farewell,  as  I  thought,  for- 
ever, to  my  wife,  child,  home  and  all  its  endearments, 
and  the  thoughts  of  them  were  now  overpowering 
to  me.  The  Spaniards  asked  the  Indians  why  they 
were  going  to  kill  us.  They  answered  that  the  Span- 
ish governor  at  Santa  Fe  had  commanded  them  not 

*  White  men. 

37  In  Lewis  and  Clark  it  is  said  that  Tabba-bone  in  the  Shoshonee 
language  means  white  man.  In  Long's  Expedition  the  word  Tabba- 
boos  or  Tabby-boos  is  said  to  have  been  the  designation  of  Anglo- 
Americans  as  distinguished  from  French  or  Spanish.  In  the  Sho- 
shone vocabulary  in  4  Long's  Expedition,  the  word  Tab-ba-bo  is 
defined  as  white  people,  people  of  the  sun.  This  last  definition, 
"people  of  the  sun,"  is  probably  a  fanciful  idea  of  the  Whites.  The 
Indian  conceded  no  superiority  to  the  Whites  in  those  days.  The 
Crows  and  Cheyennes,  neighbors  of  the  Shoshonees,  called  the 
Whites  "yellow  eyes." 


[i82i]  125 

to  let  any  Americans  pass,  but  that  we  were  deter- 
mined to  go  in  spite  of  them,  so  that  to  stop  us  and 
keep  their  promise  to  the  Spanish  governor,  they 
thought  they  were  compelled  to  take  our  lives.  The 
Spaniards  told  them  that  this  was  under  the  govern- 
ment of  Spain,  but  that  they  were  now  independent 
and  free,  and  brothers  to  the  Americans.  This  was 
the  first  news  I  had  heard  of  the  Mexican  revolution. 
The  two  friendly  chiefs  now  returned,  and  I 
showed  the  Spaniards  our  passport.  The  Indians 
brought  in  and  delivered  up  four  of  my  horses.  The 
whole  village,  soon  after  the  arrival  of  the  Span- 
iards, went  down  the  river;  and  our  party,  except 
Maesaw  and  myself,  with  two  of  the  Spanish  offi- 
cers, started  forward  towards  the  Spanish  camp, 
about  twenty  miles  distant.  We  four  remained  be- 
hind to  recover  the  two  missing  horses,  and  then  fol- 
lowed our  companions.  We  were  lost,  at  dark, 
among  the  chffs  bordering  the  river,  where  we  made 
fire  for  cooking  our  suppers,  and  encamped  for  the 
night.  Early  the  next  morning  we  reached  the  Span- 
ish encampment,  where  our  party  was  awaiting  us. 
As  we  approached  the  camp,  there  came  out  to  meet 
us,  a  tall  Indian  of  about  seventy  years  of  age, 
dressed  in  the  complete  regimentals  of  an  American 
Colonel,  with  blue  coat,  red  sash,  white  pantaloons, 
epaulets  and  sword.  He  advanced  with  an  erect 
military  air  and  saluted  us  with  great  dignity  and 
address.  His  eyes  were  still  bright  and  piercing, 
undimmed  in  the  least  by  age,  and  he  had  a  high, 
noble  forehead  and  Roman  nose.     His  whole  port 


126  [l82l] 

and  air  struck  me  forcibly  as  those  of  a  real  com- 
mander and  a  hero.  After  saluting  us  he  handed 
me  a  paper  which  I  read  as  follows,  as  nearly  as 
I  now  remember: 

^^This  is  to  certify  that  Cordaro,  a  Chief  of  the 
^'Camanches,  has  visited  the  Fort  at  Nacotoche  with 
'^fifteen  of  his  tribe;  that  he  remained  here  two 
'^weeks,  and  during  the  whole  time  behaved  very 
^'well.  It  is  my  request  that  all  Americans  who  meet 
''him  or  any  of  his  tribe,  should  treat  him  and  them 
''with  great  respect  and  kindness,  as  they  are  true 
"friends  of  the  United  States. 

"JOHN  JAMESON,'' 

"U.  S.  Indian  Agent  at  Nacotoche  on  Red  River  J* 

This  chief,  Cordaro,  was  the  cause  of  our  being 
then  In  existence.  He  told  us  he  had  promised  his 
"great  friend  at  Nacotoche"  that  he  would  protect 
all  Americans  that  came  through  his  country,  and 
he  very  earnestly  requested  us  to  Inform  his  "great 
friend"  that  he  had  been  as  good  as  his  word.  On 
entering  the  encampment,  we  found  about  fifty  Span- 
lards  and  three  hundred  Camanche  warriors,  who 
had  just  returned  from  an  expedition  against  the 
Navahoes,  a  tribe  Inhabiting  the  country  west  of 
Santa  Fe  and  the  mountains,  and  who  were  then  at 
war  with  the  Spaniards.  On  their  return  from  this 
campaign  this  party  had  come  from  Santa  Fe  with 

^^  A  John  Jamison  of  Virginia  was  appointed  ensign  in  the  5th 
U.  S.  Infantry,  i  July,  1808.  He  was  promoted  from  time  to  time 
until  he  became  a  major  in  18 14.  He  was  honorably  discharged  15 
June,  18 15.  He  died  in  October  18 19.  No  mention  of  a  John  Jami- 
son in  the  Indian  service  has  been  found  outside  of  the  present  work. 


[i82i]  127 

their  Camanche  allies  into  their  country  to  hunt  for 
buffalo  and  had  encamped  the  night  before  our  res- 
cue from  the  Camanches,  on  the  spot  where  we  now 
found  them.  On  the  next  morning  a  party  of  In- 
dians belonging  to  this  band  were  hunting  their 
horses  in  the  prairie  and  met  another  party  from  the 
army  below,  who  had  us  in  custody,  engaged  in  the 
same  manner,  who  informed  them  that  their  coun- 
trymen had  taken  a  company  of  American  prisoners, 
and  were  going  to  kill  them  all  that  morning,  and 
divide  their  goods  among  the  army;  that  the  whole 
village  was  breaking  up  and  preparing  to  go  down 
the  Canadian,  and  that  the  puUing  down  of  the  last 
lodge  was  to  be  the  signal  for  our  massacre.  On 
hearing  this,  the  first  party  hastened  back  to  their 
camp  with  the  news  which  brought  out  most  of  the 
young  warriors  to  come  down  for  a  share  of  the 
plunder  of  my  goods.  The  chief,  Cordaro,  went 
instantly,  on  hearing  this  account,  to  the  Spanish 
officers,  told  them  that  a  company  of  Americans 
were  to  be  murdered  that  morning  by  his  country- 
men, mentioned  the  signal  for  the  attack,  said  he 
was  too  old  to  ride  fast,  or  he  would  go  himself 
to  the  rescue,  and  adjured  them  to  mount  and  ride 
without  sparing  the  horses,  as  not  a  moment  was  to 
be  lost.  Six  of  them  mounted  and  rode  as  Cordaro 
had  told  them  to  do,  and  we  saw  their  foaming 
steeds  and  heard  the  cry  of  Tahhaho  (white  men) 
just  in  time  to  save  us  from  extermination.  A  min- 
ute after  would  probably  have  been  too  late.  Our 
determined  attitude  averted  the  blow  and  prolonged 


128  [l82l] 

our  time  to  the  last  moment,  when  our  deliverers 
appeared;  but  without  them,  the  next  instant  would 
have  seen  a  volley  of  shot  and  arrows  lay  most  of 
us  low  and  the  lance  and  tomahawk  would  have  soon 
completed  the  work  on  us  all. 

Cordaro,  the  noble  and  true-hearted  savage,  ap- 
peared to  rejoice  at  our  escape  as  much  as  we.  He 
desired  particularly  that  his  "great  friend"  at  Naco- 
toche  should  hear  of  his  agency  in  saving  us,  and  I 
had  to  promise  him  repeatedly  that  I  would  surely 
inform  Col.  Jameson  when  I  saw  him,  of  the  man- 
ner in  which  his  friend,  Cordaro,  had  performed  his 
promise  to  him.  If  John  Jameson  be  still  alive  and 
this  page  meet  his  eye,  I  shall  have  cause  to  felicitate 
myself  in  having  at  last  kept  my  word  to  my  Caman- 
che  preserver. 

We  spent  that  day  with  Cordaro  and  the  Span- 
iards, and  held  a  council  or  "talk"  with  them.  Cor- 
daro made  a  speech  dissuading  me  from  going  to 
Santa  Fe  on  account  of  the  treatment  which  the 
Americans  had  always  received  from  the  govern- 
ment there.  "They  will  imprison  you,"  said  he  to 
me,  "as  they  have  imprisoned  all  Americans  that 
ever  went  to  Santa  Fe.  You  will  meet  the  fate  of 
all  your  countrymen  before  you."  The  Spanish 
officers,  who  were  all  present  at  this  harangue,  smiled 
and  said  there  was  no  danger  of  any  ill-treatment  to 
us,  now  that  they  had  an  independent  government. 
Cordaro  shook  his  head  incredulously  and  told  them 
that  we  were  under  his  protection;  that  he  would 
himself  go  to  Santa  Fe  after  we  had  arrived  there, 


[i82i]  129 

and  if  he  found  us  Imprisoned,  he  would  immediately 
go  to  war  with  them.  "The  Americans  are  my 
friends,"  said  he,  "and  I  will  not  permit  them  to 
be  hurt.  I  have  promised  my  great  friend  of  Naco- 
toche  to  protect  all  Americans  that  come  through 
my  country."  The  Spaniards  promised  to  treat  us 
well,  but  our  protector  seemed  to  be  very  suspicious 
of  them  and  evidently  gave  little  faith  to  their  prom- 
ises. We  found  at  this  camp  an  excellent  Spanish 
interpreter,  who  spoke  the  Camanche  language  as 
well  as  his  own.  By  him  I  was  informed  that  the 
Indians  took  me  for  the  Frenchman,  Vaugean,  whom 
we  had  seen  in  the  country  of  the  Quawpaws,  a  tribe 
of  kin  to  the  Osages,  and  who,  while  hunting  on  the 
Canadian  in  the  spring  before  with  a  party  of  thirty 
French  and  Indians  of  the  former  tribe,  had  been 
attacked  by  the  Camanches,  who  were  defeated  and 
driven  back  with  considerable  loss.  Vaugean,  like 
myself,  was  a  tall  man,  and  the  Indians  here  and 
those  we  had  met  before,  considered  me  the  com- 
mander in  this  battle.  The  one-eyed  interpreter  had 
concealed  this  fact  from  me,  and  we  now  had  some 
difficulty  in  satisfying  the  Indians  that  we  were  not 
the  same  party  who  with  Vaugean  were  In  alliance 
with  their  enemies,  the  Osages.  The  charge  was 
frequently  renewed,  but  we  at  last  succeeded  in  re- 
pelling It  and  quieting  their  suspicions.  On  the  next 
day,  the  third  day  after  meeting  with  the  Spanish 
officers,  we  parted  with  Cordaro,  who  followed  his 
countrymen  down  the  Canadian,  with  the  Spanish 
force  in  his  company.     Two  of  the  Spanish  officers 


I30  [i82i] 

remained  to  accompany  us  to  Santa  Fe.  They  were 
all  very  gentlemanly  and  liberal-minded  men.  One 
Spanish  citizen  of  Santa  Fe  had  hired  to  return  with 
me  as  a  guide.  We  once  more  took  up  our  march 
along  the  Canadian  and  over  the  immense  plains  by 
the  trail  of  the  Spaniards  we  had  just  parted  with. 
The  whole  country  here  is  one  immense  prairie.  I 
observed  many  huge  granite  rocks  standing  like 
stone  buildings,  some  of  them  one  hundred  feet  high. 
The  earth  seemed  to  have  been  washed  from  around 
them  and  the  prairie  below  to  have  been  formed  by 
deposits  of  earth  and  crumbled  rocks  from  these  and 
similar  elevations.  Some  were  covered  with  earth 
and  cedar  trees,  but  most  of  them  were  entirely  bare. 
In  three  days  after  leaving  Cordaro  we  came  in  sight 
of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  whose  three  principal 
peaks,  covered  with  perpetual  snow,  were  glittering 
in  the  sun.  The  most  northern  and  highest  of  these 
peaks  is  set  down  on  the  latest  map  I  have  seen  as 
^'James'  Peak  or  Pike's. "^^  Gen.  Pike  endeavored 
to  reach  its  top,  but  without  success.     After  my  re- 

39  Dr.  Edwin  James  of  Long's  Expedition  from  Pittsburgh  to  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  was  the  first  American  to  make  the  ascent  of 
Pike's  Peak,  which  he  did  on  13-14  July  1820.  In  honor  of  this 
achievement  Major  Long  thought  proper  to  call  the  peak  by  his 
name  and  on  the  early  maps  it  appears  as  James'  Peak.  This  name 
was  not  accepted,  however,  by  the  "mountain  men,"  the  traders  and 
trappers  who  resorted  to  the  country;  they  called  it  Pike's  Peak  after 
Gen.  Z.  M.  Pike  who  visited  it  in  November  1806.  On  the  map  in 
I  Gregg's  Commerce  of  the  Prairies  (1844)  the  name  given  is  Pike's 
Peak  (or  James')."  Captain  Ruxton  who  camped  where  Manitou 
now  is  in  1846,  speaks  of  the  mountain  first  as  James'  or  Pike's  Peak, 
and  later  only  by  the  latter  name.  Adventures  in  Mexico  and  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  London,  1849,  pp.  215,  218,  259.  It  is  likely  that 
the  peak  which  was  seen  by  Thomas  James  was  not  Pike's  Peak,  but 
one  further  to  the  South. 


[i82i]  131 

turn  I  made  a  rough  map  with  a  pen,  of  this  coun- 
try, for  the  use  of  Senator  Kane  of  lUinois,  and  in 
the  next  map  published  by  government,  I  saw  my 
name  affixed  to  this  peak,  as  I  supposed  by  the 
agency  of  Mr.  Kane.  The  peak  bore  no  name  known 
to  our  company  when  we  saw  it  and  I  gave  it  none 
then  or  afterwards.  In  two  days  more  we  came 
to  an  old  Spanish  fort,  dismantled  and  deserted, 
which  had  been  built  many  years  before  in  expecta- 
tion of  an  invasion  from  the  United  States.  This 
was  about  one  hundred  miles  from  Santa  Fe.  We 
soon  encountered  large  herds  of  sheep,  attended  by 
shepherds,  and  on  the  second  day  after  passing  the 
fort,  came  to  a  small  town*°  in  a  narrow  ravine  on 
the  Peccas  River  and  at  the  foot  of  a  high  cliff.  Here 
I  became  acquainted  with  an  old  Spaniard,  named 
Ortiso,  who  in  his  youth  had  been  captured  by  the 
Pawnees  and  sold  to  Chouteau  of  St.  Louis,  where 
he  had  learned  French  and  whence  he  returned  home 
by  the  way  of  New  Orleans,  St.  Antoine  in  Texas 
and  the  interior  of  Mexico.  He  informed  me  more 
particularly  than  I  had  yet  heard  of  the  Mexican 
Revolution,  and  foretold  that  Iturbide  would  be 
elected  president  at  the  ensuing  election.  We  pro- 
ceeded up  the  bank  of  the  Peccas  by  a  narrow  road, 
impassable  for  waggons.  One  of  the  horses  with  all 
my  powder  and  some  of  the  most  valuable  goods, 
here  fell  down  a  precipice  into  a  beaver  dam  in  the 
river.    The  horse  was  uninjured  but  the  goods  were 

^^  This  is  Cuesta.  For  a  description  of  it,  see  i  Mollhausen's 
Diary  of  a  Journey  from  the  Mississippi  to  the  Coasts  of  the  Pacific, 
P-  317. 


132  [l82l] 

nearly  all  spoiled.  The  next  town  on  our  route  was 
San  Miguel,  fifteen  miles  from  the  last,  an  old  Span- 
ish town  of  about  a  hundred  houses,  a  large  church 
and  two  miserably  constructed  flour  mills.  Here 
was  the  best  water  power  for  mills,  and  the  country 
in  the  vicinity  abounded  in  the  finest  pine  timber  I 
had  ever  seen.  But  no  attempt  Is  made  to  improve 
the  immense  advantages  which  nature  offers.  Every- 
thing that  the  Inhabitants  were  connected  with  seemed 
going  to  decay.  We  left  San  Miguel*^  on  the  follow- 
ing morning  with  the  Alcalde  and  a  company  of 
Spaniards  bound  for  Santa  Fe.  We  stopped  at  night 
at  the  ancient  Indian  village  of  Peccas*"  about  fif- 
teen miles  from  San  Miguel.  I  slept  in  the  fort, 
which  encloses  two  or  three  acres  In  an  oblong,  the 
sides  of  which  are  bounded  by  brick  houses  three 
stories  high,  and  without  any  entrances  in  front.  The 
window  frames  were  five  feet  long  and  three-fourths 
of  a  foot  In  width,  being  made  thus  narrow  to  pre- 
vent all  ingress  through  them.  The  lights  were  made 
of  izlng-glass  and  each  story  was  supplied  with  slm- 

41  '*San  Miguel  consists  of  irregular  clustres  of  mud-wall  huts,  and 
is  situated  in  the  fertile  valley  of  Rio  Pecos,  a  silvery  little  river 
"which  ripples  from  the  snowy  mountains  of  Santa  Fe — from  which 
city  this  frontier  village  is  nearly  fifty  miles  to  the  south  east.  The 
road  makes  this  great  southern  bend  to  find  a  pass-way  through  the 
mountains."  San  Miguel  was  the  scene  of  the  first  imprisonment 
and  shameful  mistreatment  of  the  men  composing  the  Texas  Santa 
Fe  expedition  in  1841.  There  is  a  picture  of  the  village  in  Emory's 
Notes  of  a  Military  Reconnoissance  &c. 

*2  Pecos  was  an  ancient  Indian  pueblo  around  which  grew  up  a 
New  Mexican  village.  It  was  in  ruins  when  visited  by  Colonel 
Emory  in  1846.  It  is  about  twenty  five  miles  by  road  from  Santa 
Fe.  A  picture  of  the  place  is  given  in  Emery's  Notes.  And  see 
Handbook  of  American  Indians.   Vol.  2,  p.  220. 


[i82i]  133 

ilar  windows.  A  balcony  surmounted  the  first  and 
second  stories  and  movable  ladders  were  used  in 
ascending  to  them  on  the  front.  We  entered  the 
fort  by  a  gate  which  led  into  a  large  square.  On 
the  roofs,  which,  like  those  of  all  the  houses  in  Mex- 
ico, are  flat,  were  large  heaps  of  stones  for  annoying 
an  enemy.  I  noticed  that  the  timbers  which  extended 
out  from  the  walls  about  six  feet  and  supported  the 
balconies,  were  all  hewn  with  stone  hatchets.  The 
floors  were  of  brick,  laid  on  poles,  bark  and  mortar. 
The  brick  was  burned  in  the  sun  and  made  much 
larger  than  ours,  being  about  two  feet  by  one.  The 
walls  were  covered  with  plaster  made  of  lime  and 
izing-glass.  I  was  informed  by  the  Spaniards  and 
Indians  that  this  town  and  fort  are  of  unknown  anti- 
quity, and  stood  there  in  considerable  splendor  in  the 
time  of  the  Conquerors.  The  climate  being  dry  and 
equable  and  the  wood  in  the  buildings  the  best  of  pine 
and  cedar,  the  towns  here  suffer  but  little  by  natural 
decay.  The  Indians  have  lost  all  tradition  of  the 
settlement  of  the  town  of  Peccas.  It  stood  a  re- 
markable proof  of  the  advance  made  by  them  in  the 
arts  of  civilization  before  the  Spaniards  came  among 
them.  All  the  houses  are  well  built  and  showed 
marks  of  comfort  and  refinement.  The  inhabitants, 
who  were  all  Indians,  treated  us  with  great  kind- 
ness and  hospitality.  In  the  evening  I  employed  an 
Indian  to  take  my  horses  to  pasture,  and  in  the 
morning  when  he  brought  them  up  I  asked  him  what 
I  should  pay  him.  He  asked  for  powder  and  I  was 
about  to  give  him  some,  when  the  Spanish  officer 


134  [i82i] 

forbade  me,  saying  it  was  against  the  law  to  supply 
the  Indians  with  ammunition.     Arms  are  kept  out 
of  their  hands  by  their  masters,  who  prohibit  all 
trade  in  those  articles  with  any  of  the  tribes  around 
them.     On  the  next  day  in  the  evening,  we  came  in 
sight  of  Santa  Fe,  which  presented  a  fine  appearance 
in  the  distance.     It  is  beautifully  situated  on  a  plain 
of  dry  and  rolling  ground,  at  the  foot  of  a  high 
mountain  and  a  small  stream  which  rises  in  the  moun- 
tains to  the  west  runs  directly  through  the  city.     It 
contained  a  population  at  this  time  of  six  thousand. 
The  houses  were  all  whitewashed  outside  and  in,  and 
presented  a  very  neat  and  pleasing  sight  to  the  eye 
of  the  traveller.*^  They  were  all  flat  on  the  roof  and 
most  of  them  one  story  in  height.     There  are  live 
very  splendid  churches,  all  Roman  Catholic,  which 
are  embellished  with  pictures,  and  ornaments  of  gold 
and  silver  in  the  most  costly  style.  The  chalices  were 
of  pure  gold  and  candlesticks  of  silver.     The  prin- 
cipal buildings,  including  the  fort,  are  built  around 
the  pubHc  square  in  the  middle  of  the  city.  The  fort, 
which  occupies  the  whole  side  of  this  square,   en- 
closes about  ten  acres,  and  is  built  on  the  plan  of 
the  Peccas  Fort,  above  described.    There  is  an  outer 
wall  about  eight  feet  in  height,  enclosing  the  build- 

*3  "The  first  sight  of  Santa  Fe  is  by  no  means  prepossessing. 
Viewed  from  the  adjacent  hills  as  you  descend  into  the  valley, 
whence  it  falls  for  the  first  time  under  your  glance,  it  has  more 
the  appearance  of  a  colony  of  brick  kilns  than  a  collection  of  hu- 
man habitations.  You  see  stretching  before  you,  on  both  side  of  the 
little  river  of  the  same  name,  a  cluster  of  flat  roofed  mud  houses, 
which  in  the  distance  you  can  hardly  distinguish  from  the  earth 
itself."    El  Gringo,  by  W.  W.  H.  Davis,  N.  Y.  1857,  p.  234. 


[i82i]  135 

ings,  which,  like  those  at  Peccas,  bound  the  inner 
square.  The  whole  was  falling  to  decay  and  but  few 
soldiers  were  stationed  in  it.  The  farms  are  with- 
out fences  or  walls,  and  the  cattle,  hogs,  etc.,  have 
to  be  confined  during  the  raising  and  harvesting  of 
crops.  They  raise  onions,  peas,  beans,  corn,  wheat 
and  red  pepper — the  last  a  principal  ingredient  in 
Spanish  food.  Potatoes  and  turnips  were  unknown. 
I  saw  peach  trees,  but  none  of  apples,  cherries  or 
pears.    The  gardens  were  enclosed. 

The  country  is  entirely  destitute  of  rains  except 
in  the  month  of  June  and  July,  when  the  rivers  are 
raised  to  a  great  height.  A  continual  drought  pre- 
vails throughout  all  the  rest  of  the  year,  not  even 
relieved  by  dews.  Consequently,  the  ground  has  to 
be  irrigated  by  means  of  many  streams  which  rise  in 
the  mountains  and  flow  into  the  Rio  Grande;  and 
for  this  purpose  canals  are  cut  through  every  farm. 
Land  that  can  be  watered  is  of  immense  value,  while 
that  which  is  not  near  the  streams  is  worthless.  While 
in  Santa  Fe  a  Spaniard  took  me  sixteen  miles  south, 
to  show  me  his  farm  of  15  acres,  for  which  he  had 
just  paid  $100  per  acre,  and  which  lay  conveniently 
to  water.  Hogs  and  poultry  are  scarce,  while  sheep, 
goats  and  cattle  are  very  abundant. 


CHAPTER  FOUR 

Interview  With  Governor  Malgaris — Commencement  of  Business — 
Departure  of  McKnight — Arrival  of  Cordaro — His  Speech — 
His  Visit  to  Nacotoche — His  Death  and  Character — Hugh  Glenn 
— Celebration  of  Mexican  Independence — Gambling  and  Dissi- 
pation—Mexican Indians — Domestic  Manufactures— Visit  of  the 
Utahs— Their  Horses— Speech  of  the  Chief  Lechat— War  With 
the  Navahoes— Cowardly  Murder  of  Their  Chiefs  by  the  Span- 
iards— Militia  of  Santa  Fe — Attempt  to  go  to  Sonora— Stopped 
by  the  Governor — Interview  With  the  Adjutant — Selling  Out — 
Hugh  Glenn  Again — How  the  Governor  Paid  Me  a  Debt — 
Spanish  Justice — Departure  for  Home. 

I  ENTERED  Santa  Fe  on  the  first  day  of  Decem- 
ber, A.  D.  1 82 1,  and  immediately  went  with 
Ortise  as  interpreter,  to  the  Governor's  palacio  or 
house,  to  whom  I  made  known  my  object  in  visiting 
his  country,  and  showed  my  passport.  He  remarked 
on  reading  it  that  they  were  entirely  independent  of 
Spain,  that  the  new  government  had  not  laid  any 
duties  on  imports  and  gave  me  permission  to  vend 
my  goods.  I  rented  a  house,  and  on  the  next  day 
commenced  business.  In  about  two  weeks  I  took  in 
$200,  which  I  advanced  to  John  McKnight  for  the 
expenses  of  his  journey  to  Durango,  about  sixteen 
hundred  miles  south,  where  his  brother  Robert  was 
living  after  his  enlargement  from  prison.  They  both 
returned  In  the  month  of  April  following.  Soon 
after  McKnIght's  departure,  I  heard  of  Hugh 
Glenn's  arrival  at  Taos,  sixty  miles  north  of  Santa 

136 


[l822]  137 

Fe  and  was  soon  after  favored  with  a  visit  from 
him/  He  came  down  to  Santa  Fe,  borrowed  $60 
from  me,  and  at  the  end  of  a  week  returned  to  Taos. 
About  six  weeks  after  I  reached  Santa  Fe  my  true 
friend  and  protector,  Cordaro,  came  in  according 
to  promise,  with  thirty  of  his  tribe,  to  ascertain  if 
we  were  at  hberty.  He  was  dressed  in  his  full  regi- 
mentals and  commanded  the  respect  of  the  Spanish 
officials,  who  behaved  towards  him  with  great  def- 
erence. By  his  request  a  council  was  held,  which 
convened  in  the  Spanish  Council  House  on  the  pub- 
lic square,  and  was  attended  by  the  Spanish  officers, 
magistrates  and  principal  citizens  of  Santa  Fe.  Cor- 
daro made  the  speech  for  which  he  had  caused  the 
council  to  be  held.  He  expressed  his  pleasure  at 
finding  that  we  and  the  Spaniards  were  friends; 
that  he  would  be  pleased  to  see  us  always  living  to- 
gether like  brothers  and  hoped  that  the  American 
trade  would  come  to  his  country  as  well  as  to  the 
Spaniards.  He  complained  that  we  traded  with  their 
enemies,  the  Osages,  and  furnished  them  with  pow- 
der, lead  and  guns,  but  had  no  intercourse  with  the 
Camanches.  He  hoped  the  Government  of  the 
United  States  would  interfere  and  stop  the  depre- 
dations of  the  Osages  upon  his  nation.  "They  steal 
our  horses  and  murder  our  people,"  said  he,  "and 
the  Americans  sell  them  the  arms  and  ammunition 
which  they  use  in  war  upon  us.    We  want  your  trade, 

1  Fowler  says  that  when  he  went  into  San  Fernandez  de  Taos  on 
I  May,  he  found  that  Colonel  Glenn  had  gone  to  Sta.  Fe,  and  on  7 
Mav  he  mentions  his  return.  The  Journal  of  Jacob  Foivler  (Coues' 
ed.)',  N.  Y.  1878. 


138  [i822] 

and  if  you  will  come  among  us  we  will  not  cheat 
nor  rob  you.     I  have  had  a  talk  with  my  nation  and 
told  them  they  had  done  a  great  wrong  in  treating 
you  as  they  did,  and  they  promised  never  to  do  so 
again.     They  say  they  will  pay  you  in  horses  and 
mules  for  the  goods  they  took  from  you  on  the  Cana- 
dian, if  you  will  only  come  once  more  into  our  coun- 
try.    Come  with  your  goods  among  us;  you  shall  be 
well  treated.     I  pledge  you  my  word,  the  word  of 
Cordaro,  that  you  shall  not  be  hurt  nor  your  goods 
taken  from  you  without  full  payment.     Each  of  my 
nation  promises  to  give  you  a  horse  if  you  will  come 
and  trade  with  us  once  more,  and  though  poor,  and 
though  I  got  none  of  your  goods,  yet  I  will  give 
you  two  of  the  best  horses  in  the  nation.     Come  to 
our  country  once  more  and  you  shall  find  friends 
among  the  Camanches.    Come  and  you  shall  be  safe. 
Cordaro  says  it."     The  old  warrior  spoke  like  an 
orator  and  looked  like  a  statesman.     He  appeared 
conscious  of  the  vast  superiority  of  the  whites,  or 
rather  of  the  Americans,  to  his  own  race  and  de- 
sired the  elevation  of  his  countrymen  by  adopting 
some  of  our  improvements  and  customs.     For  the 
Spaniards  he  entertained  a  strong  aversion  and  dis- 
like; not  at  all  mingled  with  fear,  however,  for  he 
spoke  to  them  always  as  an  equal  or  superior.    They 
refused  to  trade  with  his  nation  in  arms  and  had 
nothing  besides  which  his  people  wanted.      Their 
remarkable  disposition  to  treachery  appeared  to  be 
perfectly  known  to  the  old  chieftain. 


[l822]  139 

After  the  council,  Cordaro  desired  me  to  write 
a  letter  for  him  to  his  great  friend,  Colonel  Jameson 
of  Nacatoche,  and  make  known  to  him  the  manner 
in  which  he  had  remembered  his  promise  to  protect 
the  Americans  in  his  country,  by  saving  me  and  my 
company  from  death  at  the  hands  of  his  country- 
men. I  wrote  the  letter  and  delivered  it  to  him.  On 
the  next  day  we  parted,  and  I  never  saw  him  again. 
On  my  trip  to  the  Camanche  country  in  1822  I  was 
informed  by  the  Indians  that  he  went  to  Nacatoche 
with  my  letter  to  Col.  Jameson,  who  gave  him  three 
horses,  loaded  with  presents.  By  this  means  he  re- 
turned to  his  country  a  rich  man,  and  soon  after  be- 
came sick  and  died.  He  was  a  sagacious,  right- 
hearted  patriot  and  a  brave  warrior,  who  in  differ- 
ent circumstances  might  have  accomplished  the  des- 
tiny of  a  hero  and  savior  of  his  country. 

I  continued  my  trading,  though  without  much  suc- 
cess on  account  of  the  scarcity  of  money.  I  had 
seen  enough  of  Mexican  society  to  be  thoroughly 
disgusted  with  it.  I  had  not  supposed  it  possible 
for  any  society  to  be  as  profligate  and  vicious  as  I 
found  all  ranks  of  that  in  Santa  Fe.  The  Indians 
are  much  superior  to  their  Spanish  masters  in  all 
qualities  of  a  useful  and  meritorious  population. 

On  the  fifth  of  February  a  celebration  took  place 
of  Mexican  Independence.^    A  few  days  before  this 

2  "The  6th  of  January  1822,  was  set  apart  for  a  formal  celebra- 
tion. At  dawn  the  salute  of  artillery  and  the  marching  of  proces- 
sions began;  and  with  dawn  of  the  next  day  ended  the  grand  baile 
at  the  palacio.  Never  did  Santa  Fe  behold  such  a  splendid  display. 
.     .     .     All  through  the  day  and  night  the  villa  was  painted  red 


140  [l822] 

appointed  time,  a  meeting  of  the  Spanish  officers 
and  principal  citizens  was  held  at  the  house  of  the 
Alcalde  to  make  arrangements  for  the  celebration. 
They  sent  for  me,  asked  what  was  the  custom  in  my 
country  on  such  occasions,  and  requested  my  advice 
in  the  matter.  I  advised  them  to  raise  a  liberty  pole, 
hoist  a  flag  and  fire  a  salute  for  each  Province.  They 
counted  up  the  Provinces  or  States,  and  discovered 
that  Mexico  contained  twenty-one,  including  Texas. 
They  said  they  knew  nothing  of  the  rule  of  proceed- 
ing in  such  cases  and  desired  me  to  superintend  the 
work.  I  sent  out  men  to  the  neighboring  mountains 
for  the  tallest  pine  that  could  be  found.  They  re- 
turned with  one  thirty  feet  long.  I  sent  them  out 
again,  and  they  brought  in  another  much  longer  than 
the  first.  I  spliced  these  together,  prepared  a  flag 
rope  and  raised  the  whole,  as  a  liberty  pole,  about 
seventy  feet  high.  There  was  now  great  perplexity 
for  a  national  emblem  and  motto  for  the  flag,  none 
having  yet  been  devised,  and  those  of  Spain  being 
out  of  the  question.  I  recommended  the  eagle,  but 
they  at  last  agreed  upon  two  clasped  hands  in  sign  of 
brotherhood  and  amity  with  all  nations.  By  day- 
light on  the  morning  of  the  fifth  I  was  aroused  to 
direct  the  raising  of  the  flag.  I  arose  and  went  to 
the  square,  where  I  found  about  a  dozen  men  with 

■with  independence  or  death,  and  Governor  Melgares  wrote  a  flaming 
account  of  the  whole  affair  for  the  Gaceta  Imperial.  Doubtless,  Don 
Facundo,  realizing  on  which  side  his  bread  was  buttered,  saw  to  it 
that  nothing  was  lost  in  telling  the  story;  and  presumably  the  fall 
of  Iturbide,  a  little  later,  was  celebrated  with  equal  enthusiasm. 
There  was  nothing  mean  or  one-sided  in  New  Mexican  patriotism." 
Bancroft,  History  of  Arizona  and  Neiv  Mexico,  309. 


[l822]  141 

the  Governor,  Don  Facundo  Malgarls,^  all  In  a 
quandary,  not  knowing  what  to  do.  I  informed  the 
Governor  that  all  was  ready  for  raising  the  flag, 
which  honor  belonged  to  him.  "Oh,  do  it  yourself," 
said  he,  "you  understand  such  things."  So  I  raised 
the  first  flag  in  the  free  and  independent  State  of 
New  Mexico.  As  the  flag  went  up,  the  cannon  fired 
and  men  and  women  from  all  quarters  of  the  city 
came  running,  some  half  dressed,  to  the  public 
square,  which  was  soon  filled  with  the  population 
of  this  city.  The  people  of  the  surrounding  country 
also  came  in,  and  for  five  days  the  square  was  cov- 
ered with  Spaniards  and  Indians  from  every  part 
of  the  province.  During  this  whole  time  the  city  ex- 
hibited a  scene  of  universal  carousing  and  revelry. 
All  classes  abandoned  themselves  to  the  most  reck- 
less dissipation  and  profligacy.  No  Italian  carnival 
ever  exceeded  this  celebration  in  thoughtlessness,  vice 
and  licentiousness  of  every  description.  Men,  women 
and  children  crow^ded  every  part  of  the  city,  and  the 

3  "Don  Facundo  Malgares  was  a  European  (his  uncle  was  one 
of  the  royal  judges  in  the  kingdom  of  New  Spain),  and  had  dis- 
tinguished himself  in  several  long  expeditions  against  the  Apaches 
and  other  Indian  nations  with  whom  the  Spaniards  were  at  war; 
added  to  these  circumstances  he  was  a  man  of  immense  fortune,  and 
generous  in  its  disposal,  almost  to  profusion ;  possessed  of  a  liberal 
education,  high  sense  of  honor,  and  a  disposition  formed  for  military 
enterprise;  a  gentleman,  a  soldier  and  one  of  the  most  gallant  men 
you  ever  knew."  2  Pike's  Expeditions,  Coues'  Ed.  413.  Malgares 
commanded  an  expedition  from  Santa  Fe  to  the  Pawnee  village  in 
Kansas,  which  he  left  a  few  weeks  before  Pike  reached  it.  After 
Pike  and  his  men  were  taken  by  the  Spaniards,  Malgares  com- 
manded the  party  which  conducted  them  from  Santa  Fe  to  Chihua- 
hua. His  treatment  of  Pike  was  courteous  and  Pike  parted  with 
him  with  "the  greatest  friendship."  Malgares  was  the  last  civil 
and  military  governor  of  New  Mexico  under  the  Spanish  crown, 
the  period  of  his  governorship  covering  the  years  181 8-1822. 


142 


[l822] 


carousal  was  kept  up  equally  by  night  and  day.  There 
seemed  to  be  no  time  for  sleep.  Tables  for  gam- 
bling surrounded  the  square  and  continually  occupied 
the  attention  of  crowds.  Dice  and  faro  banks  were 
all  the  time  in  constant  play.  I  never  saw  any  people 
so  infatuated  with  the  passion  for  gaming.  Women 
of  rank  were  seen  betting  at  the  faro  banks  and  dice 
tables.  They  frequently  lost  all  their  money;  then 
followed  the  jewelry  from  their  fingers,  arms  and 
ears :  then  the  ribose  or  sash  edged  with  gold,  which 
they  wear  over  the  shoulders,  was  staked  and  lost, 
when  the  fair  gamesters  would  go  to  their  homes 
for  money  to  redeem  the  last  pledge  and  if  possible, 
continue  the  play.  Men  and  women  on  all  sides  of 
me  were  thus  engaged,  and  were  all  equally  absorbed 
in  the  fluctuating  fortunes  of  these  games.  The 
demon  of  chance  and  of  avarice  seemed  to  possess 
them  all,  to  the  loss  of  what  little  reason  nature  had 
originally  made  theirs.  One  universal  jubilee,  like 
bedlam  broke  loose,  reigned  in  Santa  Fe  for  five  days 
and  nights.  Freedom  without  restraint  or  license 
was  the  order  of  the  day;  and  thus  did  these  rejoic- 
ing republicans  continue  the  celebration  of  their  In- 
dependence till  nature  was  too  much  exhausted  to 
support  the  dissipation  any  longer.  The  crowds 
then  dispersed  to  their  homes  with  all  the  punish- 
ments of  excess  with  which  pleasure  visits  her  vota- 
ries. I  saw  enough  during  this  five  days'  revelry  to 
convince  me  that  the  republicans  of  New  Mexico 
were  unfit  to  govern  themselves  or  anybody  else. 


[l822]  143 

The  Indians  acted  with  more  moderation  and  reason 
in  their  rejoicing  than  the  Spaniards. 

On  the  second  day  of  the  celebration  a  large  com- 
pany of  men  and  women  from  San  Felipe,*  an  Indian 
town  forty  miles  south  of  Santa  Fe,  marched  into 
the  city,  displaying  the  best-formed  persons  I  had 
yet  seen  in  the  country.  The  men  were  a  head  taller 
than  the  Spaniards  around  them,  and  their  women 
were  extremely  beautiful,  with  fine  figure  and  a  grace- 
ful, elegant  carriage.  They  were  all  tastefully 
dressed  in  cotton  cloth  of  their  own  weaving  and  dec- 
orated with  coral  beads  of  a  brilliant  red  color.  Many 
wore  rich  pearl  necklaces  and  jewelry  of  great  value. 
I  was  told  by  Ortise  that  the  ornaments  of  stone, 
silver  and  gold  which  some  of  these  Indian  ladies 
wore  were  worth  five  hundred  dollars.  The  red  coral 
was  worth  one  hundred  dollars  per  pound.  Many 
of  the  Indians,  as  the  reader  may  suppose  from  this 
description  of  their  women,  are  very  wealthy.  The 
men  were  also  elegantly  dressed  in  fine  cloth,  man- 
ufactured by  their  own  wives  and  daughters.  The 
Americans  with  their  tariff  and  "protection  of  home 
industry,"  might  learn  a  lesson  from  these  wise  and 
industrious  Indians.  I  heard  nothing  among  them 
of  a  tariff  to  protect  their  "domestic  manufactures." 
They  worked  and  produced  and  protection  came  of 
itself  without  the  curse  of  government  interference. 

This  Indian  company  danced  very  gracefully  upon 
the  public  square  to  the  sound  of  a  drum  and  the 

*  San  Felipe  was  a  village  on  the  west  side  of  the  Rio  Grande, 
about  thirty  five  miles  from  Santa  Fe.  It  was  visited  and  described 
by  Pike  (2  Pike's  Expedition  (Coues'  Ed.)  616).  Emory  gives  a 
picture  of  the  village  in  his  Notes. 


144  [i822] 

singing  of  the  older  members  of  their  band.  In  this 
exercise  they  displayed  great  skill  and  dexterity. 
When  intermingled  in  apparently  hopeless  confusion 
in  a  very  complicated  figure,  so  that  the  dance  seemed 
on  the  point  of  breaking  up,  suddenly  at  the  tap  of 
the  drum,  each  found  his  partner  and  each  couple 
their  place,  without  the  least  disorder  and  in  admir- 
able harmony.  About  the  same  time  the  Peccas 
Indians  came  into  the  city,  dressed  in  skins  of  bulls 
and  bears.  At  a  distance  their  disguise  was  quite 
successful  and  they  looked  like  the  animals  which 
they  counterfeited  so  well  that  the  people  fled  fright- 
ened at  their  appearance,  in  great  confusion  from 
the  square. 

I  have  spoken  before,  in  favorable  terms  of  the 
Mexican  Indians.  They  are  a  nobler  race  of  people 
than  their  masters,  the  descendants  of  the  conquer- 
ors; more  courageous  and  more  generous;  more 
faithful  to  their  word  and  more  ingenious  and  in- 
tellectual than  the  Spaniards.  The  men  are  gen- 
erally six  feet  in  stature,  well  formed  and  of  an  open, 
frank  and  manly  deportment.  Their  women  are  very 
fascinating,  and  far  superior  in  virtue,  as  in  beauty, 
to  the  greater  number  of  the  Spanish  females.  I 
was  informed  that  all  the  tribes,  the  Utahs,  the  Nav- 
ahoes,  and  others  inhabiting  the  county  west  of  the 
mountains  to  the  Gulf  of  California,  like  those  in 
Mexico,  lived  in  comfortable  houses,  raised  wheat 
and  corn,  and  had  good  mills  for  grinding  their 
grain.  I  saw  many  specimens  of  their  skill  in  the 
useful  arts,  and  brought  home  with  me  some  blank- 


[l822]  145 

ets  and  counterpanes,  of  Indian  manufacture  of  ex- 
quisite workmanship,  which  I  have  used  in  my  fam- 
ily for  twenty-five  years.  They  are  generally  far 
in  advance  of  the  Spaniards  around  them,  in  all  the 
arts  of  civilized  life  as  well  as  in  the  virtues  that  give 
value  to  national  character. 

In  the  latter  part  of  February  I  received  a  deputa- 
tion of  fifty  Indians  from  the  Utah^  tribe  on  the  west 
side  of  the  mountains.  They  came  riding  into  the 
city  and  paraded  on  the  public  square,  all  well 
mounted  on  the  most  elegant  horses  I  had  ever  seen. 
The  animals  were  of  a  very  superior  breed,  with 
their  slender,  tapering  legs  and  short,  fine  hair,  like 
our  best  blooded  racers.  They  were  of  almost  every 
color,  some  spotted  and  striped  as  if  painted  for 
ornament.  The  Indians  alighted  at  the  Council 
House  and  sent  a  request  for  me  to  visit  them.  On 
arriving  I  found  them  all  awaiting  me  in  the  Coun- 
cil House,  with  a  company  of  Spanish  officers  and 
gentlemen  led  hither  by  curiosity.  On  entering  I 
was  greeted  by  the  chief  and  his  companions,  who 
shook  hands  with  me.  The  chief,  whose  name  was 
Lechat,  was  a  young  man  of  about  thirty  and  of  a 
right  princely  port  and  bearing.  He  told  me  in  the 
Spanish  language,  which  he  spoke  fluently,  that  he 
had  come  expressly  to  see  me  and  have  a  talk  with 
me.  "You  are  Americans,  we  are  told,  and  you 
have  come  from  your  country  afar  off  to  trade  with 

5  Beckwourth  had  no  such  exalted  opinion  of  the  Utes.  He  says, 
"I  had  no  manner  of  fear  of  them,  for  I  knew  them  to  be  great  cow- 
ards; with  one  hundred  and  fifty  good  Crow  warriors  I  would  have 
chased  a  thousand  of  them."    Life  and  Adventures,  p.  457. 


146  [l822] 

the  Spaniards.  We  want  your  trade.  Come  to  our 
country  with  your  goods.  Come  and  trade  with  the 
Utahs.  We  have  horses,  mules  and  sheep,  more 
than  we  want.  We  heard  that  you  wanted  beaver 
skins.  The  beavers  in  our  country  are  eating  up 
our  corn.  All  our  rivers  are  full  of  them.  Their 
dams  back  up  the  water  in  the  rivers  all  along  their 
course  from  the  mountains  to  the  Big  Water.  Come 
over  among  us  and  you  shall  have  as  many  beaver 
skins  as  you  want."  Turning  round  and  pointing  to 
the  Spaniards,  in  most  contemptuous  manner  and 
with  a  scornful  look,  he  said,  "What  can  you  get 
from  these?  They  have  nothing  to  trade  with 
you.  They  have  nothing  but  a  few  poor  horses 
and  mules,  a  little  puncha,  and  a  little  tola  (to- 
bacco and  corn  meal  porridge)  not  fit  for  anybody 
to  use.  They  are  poor — too  poor  for  you  to  trade 
with.  Come  among  the  Utahs  if  you  wish  to  trade 
with  profit.  Look  at  our  horses  here.  Have  the 
Spaniards  any  such  horses?  No,  they  are  too  poor. 
Such  as  these  we  have  in  our  country  by  the  thou- 
sand, and  also  cattle,  sheep  and  mules.  These  Span- 
iards," said  he,  turning  and  pointing  his  finger  at 
them  in  a  style  of  contempt  which  John  Randolph 
would  have  envied,  "what  are  they?  What  have 
they?  They  won't  even  give  us  two  loads  of  powder 
and  lead  for  a  beaver  skin,  and  for  a  good  reason, 
they  have  not  as  much  as  they  want  themselves. 
They  have  nothing  that  you  want.  We  have  every- 
thing that  they  have,  and  many  things  that  they  have 
not."     Here  a  Spaniard  cried  out,   "You  have  no 


[l822]  147 

money."  Like  a  true  stump  orator  the  Utah  replied, 
*'And  you  have  very  little.  You  are  depiccaJ'  In 
other  words,  you  are  poor,  miserable  devils  and  we 
are  the  true  capitalists  of  the  country.  With  this 
and  much  more  of  the  same  purport,  he  concluded 
his  harangue,  which  was  delivered  in  the  most  inde- 
pendent and  lordly  manner  possible.  He  looked  like 
a  king  upbraiding  his  subjects  for  being  poor,  when 
they  might  be  rich,  and  his  whole  conduct  seemed  to 
me  like  bearding  a  wild  beast  in  his  den.  The  "talk" 
being  had,  Lechat  produced  the  calama  or  pipe,  and 
we  smoked  together  in  the  manner  of  the  Indians.  I 
sent  to  my  store  and  procured  six  plugs  of  tobacco 
and  some  handkerchiefs,  which  I  presented  to  him 
and  his  company,  telling  them  when  they  smoked  the 
tobacco  with  their  chiefs  to  remember  the  Americans, 
and  treat  all  who  visited  their  country  from  mine  as 
they  would  their  own  brothers.  The  council  now 
broke  up  and  the  chief,  reiterating  his  invitations  to 
me  to  visit  his  country,  mounted  his  noble  steed,  and 
with  his  company  rode  out  of  the  city,  singing  and 
displaying  the  handkerchiefs  I  had  presented  them 
from  the  ends  of  their  lances  as  standards.  They 
departed  without  the  least  show  of  respect  for  the 
Spaniards,  but  rather  with  a  strong  demonstration 
on  the  part  of  Lechat  of  contempt  for  them.  I  no- 
ticed them  at  the  council  inquiring  of  this  chief  with 
considerable  interest  what  the  Navahoes  were  doing, 
and  whether  they  were  preparing  to  attack  the  Span- 
ish settlements.  They  had  been  at  war  with  this 
tribe  for  several  years,  and  seemed  to  fear  that  the 


148  [l822] 

Utahs  might  take  part  In  it  as  allies  of  the  Nava- 
hoes,  for  which  reason  they  conducted  themselves 
with  the  utmost  respect  and  forbearance  towards 
Lechat  and  his  band.  What  was  the  immediate 
cause  of  this  war,  I  did  not  learn,  but  I  saw  and 
heard  enough  of  it  to  enlist  my  sympathies  with 
the  Navahoes.  A  few  days  after  the  visit  of  the 
Utahs,  I  saw  a  solitary  Indian  of  that  tribe  crossing 
the  public  square  in  the  direction  of  the  Governor's 
house,  and  driving  before  him  a  fat  heifer.  He  went 
up  to  the  Governor's  door,  to  whom  he  sent  word 
that  he  had  a  present  for  him,  and  was  admitted. 
What  followed,  I  learned  from  Ortise,  an  old  Al- 
calde, with  whom  I  boarded  during  the  time  of  my 
stay  in  Santa  Fe.  As  he  entered  the  room  of  the 
Governor  the  Navaho  prostrated  himself  on  his  face. 
The  Governor  stepped  towards  him  and  with  a 
spurning  motion  of  the  foot  which  touched  the  In- 
dian's head,  asked  him  who  he  was  and  what  he 
wanted.  The  poor  Indian  arose  on  his  knees  and 
said  he  was  a  Navaho,  and  had  come  to  implore 
peace  for  his  nation.  "We  are  tired  of  war  and  we 
want  peace,"  said  he;  "our  crops  are  destroyed,  our 
women  and  children  are  starving.  Oh !  give  us 
peace !"  The  Governor  asked  the  interpreter  what 
he  said,  and  being  told,  the  christian  replied,  "Tell 
him  I  do  not  want  peace,  I  want  war."  With  this 
answer  the  Indian  was  dismissed,  the  Governor  keep- 
ing his  heifer.  The  poor  fellow  came  to  my  store, 
announced  his  name  and  nation,  and  requested  me  to 
go  among  his  tribe  and  trade.     He  said  the  rivers 


[1822]  149 

were  full  of  beaver  and  beaver  dams — that  they 
had  horses  and  mules  which  they  would  exchange 
for  powder,  lead  and  tobacco.  The  Indians  are  des- 
titute of  ammunition  and  guns,  and  Spanish  laws 
prohibit  all  trade  with  them  in  these  articles.  I 
gave  him  several  plugs  of  tobacco,  a  knife  and  other 
small  articles,  and  told  him  when  he  went  back 
to  his  country  to  smoke  my  tobacco  with  his  chiefs 
and  tell  them  if  any  Americans  came  to  their  coun- 
try to  treat  them  like  brothers.  He  went  off  with  a 
guard  as  far  as  the  outposts  on  the  route  to  his  coun- 
try. But  I  have  no  doubt  he  was  murdered  by  the 
Spaniards  long  before  reaching  his  home.  About  a 
week  after  this,  sixteen  Navaho  chiefs  came  into  the 
town  of  St.  James,  sixty  miles  below  Santa  Fe  on 
the  Del  Norte,  and  requested  the  commander  of  the 
fort  to  allow  them  to  pass  on  to  the  Governor  at 
Santa  Fe,  saying  that  they  had  come  to  make  peace. 
The  commander  invited  them  into  the  fort,  smoked 
with  them  and  made  a  show  of  friendship.  He  had 
placed  a  Spaniard  on  each  side  of  every  Indian  as 
they  sat  and  smoked  in  a  circle,  and  at  a  signal  each 
Indian  was  seized  by  his  two  Spanish  companions 
and  held  fast  while  others  despatched  them  by  stab- 
bing each  one  to  the  heart.  A  Spaniard  who  figured 
in  this  butchery  showed  me  his  knife,  which  he  said 
had  killed  eight  of  them.  Their  dead  bodies  were 
thrown  over  the  wall  of  the  fort  and  covered  with  a 
little  earth  in  a  gully.  A  few  days  afterwards  five 
more  of  the  same  nation  appeared  on  the  bank  of  the 
river  opposite  the  tov/n  and  inquired  for  their  coun- 


ISO  [1822] 

trymen.  The  Spaniards  told  them  they  had  gone 
on  to  Santa  Fe,  Invited  them  to  come  over  the  river, 
and  said  they  should  be  well  treated.  They  crossed 
and  were  murdered  in  the  same  manner  as  the  others. 
There  again  appeared  three  Indians  on  the  opposite 
bank,  inquiring  for  their  chiefs.  They  were  decoyed 
across,  taken  into  the  town  under  the  mask  of  friend- 
ship, and  also  murdered  in  cold  blood.  In  a  few  days 
two  more  appeared,  but  could  not  be  induced  to 
cross;  when  some  Spanish  horseman  went  down  the 
river  to  intercept  them.  Perceiving  this  movement, 
they  fled  and  no  more  embassies  came  in.  The  next 
news  that  came  told  of  a  descent  made  by  the  Nav- 
ahoes  in  great  force  on  the  settlements  in  the  south, 
in  which  they  killed  all  of  every  age  and  condition, 
burned  and  destroyed  all  they  could  not  take  away 
with  them,  and  drove  away  the  sheep,  cattle  and 
horses.  They  came  from  the  south  directly  towards 
Santa  Fe,  sweeping  everything  before  them  and  leav- 
ing the  land  desolate  behind  them.  They  recrossed 
the  Del  Norte  below  Santa  Fe  and  passed  to  the 
north,  laid  bare  the  country  around  the  town  of 
Taos,  and  then  disappeared  with  all  their  booty. 
While  this  was  going  on,  Malgaris  was  getting  out 
the  militia  and  putting  nearly  all  the  inhabitants 
under  arms,  preparatory  to  an  expedition.  I  was 
requested  to  go,  but  I  preferred  to  be  a  spectator 
in  such  a  war.  The  mihtia  of  Santa  Fe  when  on 
parade  beggared  all  description.  Falstaff's  company 
was  well  equipped  and  well  furnished,  compared  with 
these  troops  of  Gov.  Malgaris.     Such  a  gang  of  tat- 


[l822]  151 

terdemallons,  I  never  saw,  before  or  since.  They 
were  of  all  colors,  with  all  kinds  of  dresses  and 
every  species  of  arms.  Some  were  bareheaded, 
others  were  barebacked — some  had  hats  without 
rims  or  crowns,  and  some  wore  coats  without  skirts ; 
others  again  wore  coats  without  sleeves.  Most  of 
them  were  armed  with  bows  and  arrows.  A  few 
had  guns  that  looked  as  if  they  had  been  imported 
by  Cortez,  while  others  had  iron  hoops  fastened  to 
the  ends  of  poles,  which  passed  for  lances.  The 
doughty  Governor,  Facundo  Malgaris,  on  foot,  in 
his  cloak  and  chapeau  de  bras,  was  reviewing  this 
noble  army.  He  was  five  feet  high,  nearly  as  thick 
as  he  was  long,  and  as  he  waddled  from  one  end 
of  the  line  to  the  other,  I  thought  of  Alexander  and 
Hannibal  and  Caesar,  and  how  their  glories  would 
soon  be  eclipsed  by  this  hero  of  Santa  Fe.  After 
him  followed  the  Adjutant  in  his  jacket  with  red  cuffs 
and  collar,  and  with  his  frog-sticker,  called  a  sword, 
at  his  side.  He  examined  the  bows  and  arrows, 
lances  and  other  arms  of  these  invincibles.  He  with 
the  little  Governor  seemed  big  with  the  fate  of  New 
Mexico.  At  last  when  all  was  ready,  the  Governor 
sent  them  forth  to  the  war  and  himself  went  to  his 
dinner.  In  the  meantime  where  was  the  enemy — 
the  bloodthirsty  Navahoes?  They  had  returned  in 
safety  to  their  own  country  with  all  their  plunder, 
and  were  even  then  far  beyond  the  reach  of  Gov. 
Malgaris'  troop  of  scarecrows. 

In  the  beginning  of  March,  finding  that  trade  was 
dull  and  money  very  scarce  in  Santa  Fe,  I  inquired 


152  '  [l822] 

for  a  better  place  of  business  and  was  advised  by  Or- 
tise  to  go  to  Sonora  on  the  Gulf  of  California,  where 
gold  and  silver  was  more  abundant  than  in  New 
Mexico.  I  requested  him  to  go  with  me;  he  declined 
going  himself,  but  procured  his  brother,  whom  I 
hired,  to  go  as  guide  for  $12,  for  each  mule  load. 
I  packed  up  my  goods,  and  had  got  ready  for  the 
journey  when  Ortise  came  in  with  a  gloomy  coun- 
tenance and  asked  if  I  had  asked  permission  of  the 
Governor  to  go  to  Sonora.  I  said  I  had  not,  and 
he  advised  me  to  see  him.  I  went  to  his  house,  ap- 
prehensive of  hostility,  and  found  the  dignitary  walk- 
ing with  a  lordly  air  up  and  down  his  piazza.  As  I 
approached  he  strutted  away  from  me  to  the  oppo- 
site end  of  the  gallery  without  deigning  to  notice  me. 
I  stood  and  waited  his  return,  and  as  he  came  up  I 
accosted  him  politely,  and  said  I  could  not  sell  my 
goods  in  Santa  Fe  and  had  called  to  obtain  his  per- 
mission to  go  with  them  to  Sonora,  where  I  had  un- 
derstood money  was  more  plenty  than  in  Santa  Fe. 
"You  can't  go,  sir,"  growled  his  Excellency,  and  con- 
tinued his  promenade.  I  followed  and  asked  him 
why  I  could  not  go.  He  said  he  had  no  orders  to 
let  me  go.  I  asked  him  if  he  had  any  orders  to  pre- 
vent me.  He  said  no.  I  then  said,  you  know  that  I 
have  a  passport  from  my  government,  approved  by 
the  Spanish  minister.  "Oh,  we  have  nothing  to  do 
with  the  Spanish  Government."  But  you  have  some- 
thing to  do  with  my  government.  I  shall  start  for 
Sonoro,  and  if  you  arrest  or  imprison  me  on  my  way, 
my  government  shall  hear  from  me.    This  appeared 


[l822]  153 

to  agitate  the  little  grandee  and  set  him  to  thinking 
for  a  moment.  He  paced  to  and  fro  a  while,  stopped 
short,  and  asked  how  I  was  going.  With  Don 
Francisco  Ortlse  as  guide.  At  this  he  burst  into 
a  loud  laugh.  "Ho,  ho !  Don  Francisco  will  go  with 
you,  will  he?  Well,  Don  Thomas,  you  can  go,  but 
I  win  send  a  party  of  soldiers  with  you  to  the  out- 
posts, and  If  any  Spaniard  attempt  to  go  further 
with  you  I  will  have  him  brought  back  in  irons  and 
thrown  Into  prison.  You  will  have  to  pass  through 
the  country  of  the  Apaches,  and  you  will  be  robbed, 
perhaps  murdered,  if  you  have  no  Spaniard  with 
you.  Now  go,  Don  Thomas,  now  go — ha,  ha,  ha!" 
I  now  turned  and  left  him.  Ortlse,  whom  I  consid- 
ered my  friend,  advised  me  by  no  means  to  make 
the  attempt  to  reach  Sonora  without  a  Spanish  guide 
and  I  gave  up  the  project.  I  regarded  this  the  re- 
sult of  a  plot  to  detain  me  In  Santa  Fe  till  spring, 
when  they  knew  I  was  to  return,  and  would  have  to 
sell  my  goods  at  any  price.  I  went,  on  the  evening 
of  my  interview  with  the  Governor,  to  the  house  of 
a  sick  Lieutenant,  where  I  found  the  Adjutant  and 
several  other  officers.  They  asked,  with  a  sly  glance 
at  each  other,  when  I  was  going  to  Sonora.  I  am 
not  going.  "Why,  so  we  heard,  you  were  all  ready 
to  start.  You  have  a  passport,  have  you  not?"  Yes, 
said  I,  but  the  Governor  threatens  to  imprison  any 
Spaniard  that  attempts  to  go  with  me.  He  has  im- 
prisoned all  my  countrymen  that  came  here  before 
me,  and  I  suppose,  if  he  dared,  he  would  Imprison 
me.     Here  the  sick  Lieutenant  shook  my  knee  by 


154  t^^^^] 

way  of  caution,  and  the  Adjutant  leaped  up  exclaim- 
ing, "If  he  dared!    What  do  you  mean  sir?  be  care- 
ful how  you  talk;"  and  put  his  hand  on  the  butcher 
knife  at  his  side,  called  a  sword.    I  had  a  dirk  at  my 
breast,  as  good  a  weapon  as  his,  and  facing  him,  I 
repeated,  "Yes,  if  he  dared;  but  he  dares  not,  nor 
dare  any  of  you  imprison  me  while  I  observe  your 
laws.    You  have  robbed  and  imprisoned  all  my  coun- 
trymen heretofore,  but  my  government  will  now  stop 
this  baseness  and  cruelty  to  the  Americans.     If  you 
violate  my  rights  while  I  have  an  American  pass- 
port my  government  will  avenge  my  wrongs  on  your 
heads."     This  appeared  to  cool  the  Adjutant,  who 
said  we  were  friends  and  that  he  would  not  tell  the 
Governor.     "Tell  him  or  not,  as  you  please,"  said  I. 
I  wish,  for  the  honor  of  my  country,  or  rather,  of 
my  government,  that  the  name  of  American  citizen 
were  a  better  protection  in  a  foreign  country  than  it 
is.     Ancient  Rome  and  modern  England  are  exam- 
ples to  us  in  this  respect.     A  subject  of  the  English 
monarchy  in  a  foreign  country  is  sure  that  any  fla- 
grant violation  of  his  natural  rights  will  be  avenged, 
if  necessary,  by  the  whole  military  and  naval  power 
of  his    country.     An   Englishman,    like    an    ancient 
Roman  citizen,  knows  that  his  government  will  look 
after  him  and  is  sure  of  protection.     An  American 
is  sure  of  nothing.     His  government  may,  amid  the 
turmoil  of  electioneering,  demand  him  from  his  jail- 
ors, but  it  is  more  likely  to  overlook  him  entirely 
as  beneath  its  regard.  The  case  of  Robert  McKnight, 
who  returned  in  April  with  John,  his  brother,  from 


[l822]  I^^ 

Durango,  after  an  Imprisonment  of  ten  years,  was 
a  remarkable  Instance  of  the  delinquency  of  our  gov- 
ernment In  this  particular.  His  goods  had  been  con- 
fiscated and  himself  and  his  companions  thrown  Into 
prison,  where  they  remained  ten  years,  and  during 
the  whole  time  their  own  government  was  sleeping 
on  their  wrongs.  No  notice  whatever  was  taken  of 
them;  and  when  McKnIght  returned  to  his  country 
he  was  equally  unsuccessful  In  seeking  redress.  "I 
will  go  back  to  Mexico,"  said  he,  "swear  allegiance 
to  their  government  and  become  a  citizen.  I  have 
resided  the  prescribed  term  of  years,  and  there  is  a 
better  chance  for  obtaining  justice  from  the  Mexi- 
cans, scoundrels  as  they  are,  than  from  my  own  gov- 
ernment. I  will  go  and  recover  as  a  citizen  of  Mex- 
ico what  I  lost  as  a  citizen  of  the  United  States.  My 
own  government  refuses  to  do  me  justice,  and  I  will 
renounce  It  forever.  I  would  not  raise  a  straw  in 
its  defense."  He  accordingly  returned  to  Mexico, 
where  he  probably  received  remuneration  for  his 
losses,  and  where  he  now  lives  a  citizen  of  the  coun- 
try.^ 

While  In  Santa  Fe  I  was  a  frequent  visitor  at  the 
house  of  the  parish  priest,  a  very  gentlemanly,  in- 
telligent man,  where  I  often  found  an  interesting 


6  Robert  McKnight  returned 
to  Chihuahua  in  1824  and 
engaged  in  mining  and  trad- 
ing, in  which  he  made  a  fortune.  He  was  after  a  time  compelled  to 
abandon  his  mines  in  consequence  of  the  Apache  Indians  cutting  oflf 
his  supplies.  Both  Kit  Carson  and  James  Kirker  were  in  his  employ. 
Letters  of  administration  upon  his  estate  were  granted  in  St.  Louis, 
31  August,  1846. 


156  [lS22] 

company  assembled.     I  supped  at  his  house  on  one 
occasion  with  sixteen  Spanish  gentlemen  of  educa- 
tion, and  some  of  distinction.  The  conversation  hap- 
pened to  turn  on  the  power  and  condition  of  the 
United  States,  and  particularly  on  the  country  west 
of  the  Mississippi.     They  said  the  country  west  of 
this  river  once  belonged  to  them,  and  agreed  that  it 
would  some  day  return  to  their  possession.     They 
said  that  Spain  had  ceded  it  to  Bonaparte  without 
their  consent,  and  that  it,  of  right,  belonged  to  Mex- 
ico.    They  also  expressed  great  dissatisfaction  with 
the  line  of  the  Sabine,  alleging  that  it  ought  to  have 
been  and  would  yet  be  the  Mississippi  instead  of  the 
former  river.     I  told  them  that  my  countrymen  were 
also  dissatisfied  with  the  Sabine  as  the  boundary. 
"Ah,"  exclaimed  one,  "then  we  shall  have  little  dif- 
ficulty in  changing  it;  both  sides  will  be  agreed." 
"Not  so  fast,"  said  I;  "we  think  the  boundary  ought 
to  have  been  the  Rio  Del  Norte."     "What!"  said 
they,  "the  Del  Norte;  that  would  take  in  Santa  Fe." 
"Yes,  Seignors,"  said  I,  "we  claim  to  the  Del  Norte." 
"Never,  never — you  will  never  get  it,  and  if  it  ever 
comes  to  a  trial  of  power  between  Mexico  and  the 
States,  we  will  have  to  the  Mississippi.    You  will  be 
compelled  to  give  it  to  us."     I  told  them  to  mark  my 
words  and  said,  "If  ever  the  boundary  is  changed 
you  will  see  it  go  westward  and  not  to  the  east." 

The  spring  was  nearly  gone  and  most  of  my  goods 
remained  unsold.  Money  was  very  scarce,  and  I 
had  httle  prospect  of  selling  them  at  any  price.  I 
offered  them  at  cost,  and  at  last  found  a  purchaser 
of  most  of  them  in  a  Spaniard  named  Pino,  who  paid 


[l822]  157 

me  one  thousand  dollars  in  cash  and  an  equal  sum 
in  horses  and  mules.  He  borrowed  the  money  of 
Francisco  Chavis,  the  father  of  Antonio,  who  was 
murdered  in  the  United  States  by  Mason,  Brown  and 
McDaniel.  The  last  two  were  convicted  of  the  mur- 
der on  the  testimony  of  Mason  and  executed  in  St. 
Louis  in  1844/  After  this  trade  with  Pino  I  had 
still  on  my  hands  a  large  quantity  of  brown  and  grey 
cloths,  which  were  unsalable  in  the  Spanish  market; 
blue  and  other  colors  being  preferred.  These  cloths 
I  sold  to  Hugh  Glenn,  who  again  honored  me  with  a 
visit  in  the  latter  part  of  May,  stayed  with  me  two 
weeks,  borrowed  forty  dollars,  in  addition  to  the 
sixty  I  had  already  loaned  him,  and  gave  me  his  note 
for  the  money  and  goods,  which  (the  note)  I  have 
held  to  this  day.  He  wanted  the  goods  to  sell  to  his 
company,  who  were  trapping  near  Taos,  and  prom- 
ised to  pay  me  the  money  as  soon  as  he  reached  St. 
Louis  and  disposed  of  his  beaver  fur.  Taking  him 
for  a  man  of  honor,  I  treated  him  as  such,  to  my 
own  loss. 

I  was  now  ready  to  depart  for  home,  having  dis- 
posed or  got  rid,  rather,  of  my  goods  and  collected 
all  my  debts  except  one  from  the  Governor.    During 

"^  Chavez  was  murdered  in  the  spring  of  1843,  near  where  the 
Santa  Fe  trail  crossed  Cow  Creek,  in  what  is  now  Reno  County, 
Kansas.  The  murderers,  about  ten  in  number,  were  apprehended 
in  western  Missouri,  and  brought  to  St.  Louis  for  trial.  William 
Mason  confessed  and  became  state's  evidence.  John  McDaniel  and 
William  Brown  were  tried  for  murder  and  convicted.  Some  of  the 
others  confessed  to  robbery,  and  some  were  convicted  of  that  crime, 
and  were  sent  to  prison.  McDaniel  and  Brown  were  hanged  in  St. 
Louis,  Friday  afternoon,  18  August,  1844,  on  a  scaffold  erected  a 
few  hundred  yards  west  of  the  Arsenal.  As  was  the  custom  in 
those  days  a  large  number  of  men,  women  and  children  were  spec- 
tators at  the  execution,  and  each  of  the  criminals  made  a  speech. 


158  [i822] 

the  winter  his  Excellency  had  sent  his  Excellency's 
secretary  to  my  store  for  some  samples  of  cloth.  The 
secretary  after  taking  these  with  some  shawls  for 
the  examination  of  his  master,  returned  and  pur- 
chased goods  for  his  Excellency  to  the  sum  of  eighty- 
three  dollars  and  told  me  to  charge  them  to  his  Excel- 
lency. I  did  so,  and  on  the  day  before  my  departure 
I  called  at  his  Excellency's  house  and  found  his  Ex- 
cellency looking  every  inch  a  Governor,  and  very 
pompously  pacing  the  piazza  as  was  the  custom  of  his 
Excellency.  I  remarked  that  I  was  going  home. 
"Very  well,"  said  his  Excellency,  "you  can  go;"  and 
walked  on.  I  awaited  his  Excellency's  return,  and 
again  remarked  that  I  was  going  home;  that  I  did 
not  expect  to  return,  and  would  be  thankful  for  the 
amount  of  his  Excellency's  account  with  me.  "I 
have  not  a  dollar.  The  government  has  not  paid  me 
in  ten  years,  and  how  can  I  pay  my  creditors."  I 
offered  to  take  two  mules.  "I  have  no  more  mules 
than  I  want  myself,"  said  his  Excellency.  With  this 
I  parted  forever  with  Gov.  Malgaris  of  New  Mex- 
ico. Ortise  told  me  I  could  not  sue  him,  as  he  was 
"the  head  of  the  law." 

Some  time  before  this  I  saw  a  Spaniard  who  had 
been  imprisoned  for  more  than  a  year,  and  was  then 
set  at  liberty.  He  had  just  come  from  the  Command- 
ant, whom  he  asked  for  the  cause  of  his  imprison- 
ment. "You  are  at  liberty  now,  are  you  not?"  "Yes, 
but  I  wish  to  know  why  I  have  been  so  long  deprived 
of  liberty."  "You  are  at  liberty  now,  and  that  is 
enough  for  you  to  know,"  said  the  Commandant: 
And  this  was  all  the  satisfaction  the  poor  Spaniard 


[l822]  159 

could  get.  The  following  will  illustrate  the  sum- 
mary method  of  administering  justice  in  Santa  Fe. 
There  were  many  Americans  deserters  in  the  city 
from  the  fort  at  Nacatoche,  some  of  whom  had  lived 
here  sixteen  years,  and  were  generally  of  bad  char- 
acter. Robert  McKnight  had  entrusted  one  of  these, 
named  Finch,  with  a  valuable  sword  to  sell  for  him. 
Finch  pawned  the  sword  for  twelve  dollars,  and  see- 
ing him  with  money,  I  told  McKnight  he  would 
never  get  anything  for  his  sword  as  Finch  was  spend- 
ing the  money  he  had  raised  on  it.  'There  is  no 
danger,"  said  he;  "Finch  would  not  trifle  with  me." 
On  the  next  day  he  demanded  his  sword  or  the  money 
from  Finch,  who  refused  to  give  him  any  satisfac- 
tion; whereupon  McKnight  seized  and  dashed  him 
about  twelve  feet,  head  foremost  against  a  door  of 
the  fort.  I  interfered  and  saved  Finch  from  any 
further  injury  than  a  severe  cut  on  his  head.  He 
then  confessed  the  fact  of  his  having  pawned  the 
sword  and  named  the  place  where  it  could  be  found. 
McKnight  now  went  before  the  Alcalde,  a  stern  old 
Spaniard,  who  called  his  officer  and  handed  him  his 
gold-headed  cane  as  a  warrant  for  bringing  up  Finch, 
the  sword  and  the  pawnee.^    They  all  arrived,  Finch 

8  "The  practice  before  the  Alcalde  in  these  days  [1854]  was  ex- 
ceedingly primitive,  and  whenever  justice  was  obtained  it  was 
quickly  meted  out.  A  man,  with  his  cause  of  complaint,  went  in 
person  before  that  officer,  and  made  a  plain  statement  of  the  action, 
when  the  Alcalde  directed  the  complainant  to  bring  the  defendant 
before  him.  When  the  parties  appeared,  the  Alcalde  allowed  each 
to  give  his  own  version  of  the  case,  and  occasionally  examined  wit- 
nesses sworn  upon  a  cross  made  by  crossing  the  finger  and  thumb. 
Sometimes  the  matter  in  dispute  was  left  to  the  decision  of  third  per- 
sons, but  a  trial  by  jury  was  unknown.  The  decision  of  the  Alcalde 
was  seldom  made  up  according  to  the  merits  of  the  case,  and  much 
too  frequently  the  judgment  was  purchased  with  money.    When  the 


i6o  [1822] 

with  his  head  tied  up  in  a  handkerchief,  when  the 
Alcalde  took  the  sword  from  the  Spaniard  who  had 
taken  it  in  pledge,  and  asked  him  if  he  knew  for 
what  purpose  Finch  had  received  it.  He  admitted 
that  Finch  told  him  at  the  time  of  pawning  it,  that 
he  had  received  it  to  sell.  "Then,"  said  the  Alcalde, 
"if  you  had  bought  it,  though  only  for  five  dollars, 
you  could  now  keep  it,  but  you  had  no  right  to  take  it 
in  pawn;"  and  thereupon  handed  the  sword  to  Mc- 
Knight  as  the  true  owner.  "But  who  will  pay  me 
my  twelve  dollars?"  said  the  bailee.  "That  lies  be- 
tween you  and  Finch."  "And  what  am  I  to  get  for 
my  broken  head?"  said  Finch.  "I  know  nothing 
about  that.  Finch,"  said  the  magistrate;  "but  if  you 
do  not  behave  yourself  better  than  you  have  done  of 
late,  I  will  drive  you  out  of  the  province."  So,  Mc- 
Knight  got  his  sword  and  a  little  revenge  without 
having  a  bill  of  costs  or  lawyer's  fee  to  pay. 

Most  of  my  company  had  been  engaged  in  trap- 
ping during  my  stay  in  Santa  Fe,  and  some  had  gone 
far  into  the  interior  of  Mexico.  Collecting  such  as 
remained,  and  in  company  with  the  McKnights,  I 
now,  on  the  first  of  June,  1822,  bade  adieu  forever 
to  the  capital  of  New  Mexico,  and  was  perfectly 
content  never  to  repeat  my  visit  to  it  or  any  other 
part  of  the  country. 

defendant  failed  to  appear  at  the  verbal  summons  of  the  plaintiff,  the 
Alcalde  dispatched  after  him  the  regular  process  of  the  Court.  This 
was  a  large  cane  dignified  with  the  name  of  baston  de  justicia,  or 
staff  of  justice,  which  was  held  in  much  more  dread  than  a  modern 
warrant.  If  he  did  not  respond  to  the  mandate  of  the  cane,  he  was 
considered  in  contempt  of  court,  and  was  sure  to  be  punished  ac- 
cordingly." El  Gringo;  or  Neiv  Mexico  and  Her  People,  by  W.  W. 
H.  Davis.  The  Alcalde  in  McKnight's  case  seems  to  have  known 
something  of  law,  for  his  decision  was  strictly  accordingly  to  rule. 


CHAPTER  FIVE 

Col.  Glenn's  Conversion — His  Profits  Thereby — Avenues  to  New 
Mexico  —  An  Instance  of  Spanish  Treachery  and  Cruelty  — 
Glenn's  Cowardice — Meeting  With  the  Pawnees — Mexican  In- 
dians— Battle  Between  the  Pawnees  and  Osages — Disappear- 
ance of  Glenn — Chouteau  and  the  Osages — Indian  Revenge — 
Passage  of  the  Neosho — Singular  Ferrying — Entrance  Into 
Missouri — Robbery  by  the  Osages — Interview  With  Mission- 
aries —  Arrival  at  St.  Louis  —  More  of  Glenn  —  Home  —  Still 
Greater  Troubles  With  Creditors  Than  With  the  Indians. 

I  STARTED  from  Santa  Fe  with  Hugh  Glenn 
on  his  return  to  Taos,  whence  he  was  to  go  with 
me  to  St.  Louis. ^  On  arriving  at  the  Spanish  village 
of  San  Domingo,  about  thirty  miles  north  of  Santa 
Fe  and  five  from  the  Indian  village  of  St.  John,  we 
stopped  by  invitation  at  the  house  of  the  parish 
priest,  where  the  principal  citizens  visited  us  during 
the  evening.  Here  I  was  somewhat  astonished  to 
hear  Glenn,  late  at  night,  tell  the  priest  that  he  wished 
to  be  baptized  and  join  the  church.  He  said  in  an- 
sv/er  to  the  priest's  questions  that  he  had  entertained 
this  intention  for  a  long  time  before  coming  to  this 
country;  that  he  had  endeavored  to  instruct  him- 
self in  relation  to  the  tenets  of  the  church,  and  pro- 
duced a  Catholic  book,  called  the  "Pious  Guide." 
The  priest  told  him  to   reflect  on  the  subject  and 

1  Fowler  says  under  date  "Satterday  ist  June  1822,"  that  "We  Set 
out  Early  to  Join  the  party  at  the  vilege  [Taos]  Wheare  We  found 
all  Ready  to  Start — all  So  James  and  mcnights  party  from  Stafee 
Had  Joined  ours  and  all  moved  on  together."    Journal,  p.  142. 

161 


i62  [1822] 

pray  to  the  Almighty  for  light.  In  the  morning 
Glenn  appeared  with  a  very  sanctimonious  face,  and 
repeated  his  request.  The  priest  questioned  him  on 
the  Catholic  faith  and  the  novice  answered  very  in- 
telligently. It  being  Sunday,  they  went  to  the  church 
to  have  the  ceremony  of  baptism  performed  on  the 
new  convert.  Leroy,^  one  of  his  company,  acted  as 
godfather,  and  the  priest  procured  a  very  respect- 
able old  lady  of  the  place  to  act  as  godmother.  The 
saintly  Colonel  Glenn  looked  the  very  picture  of 
sanctity  during  the  performance  of  the  rite;  and 
he  afterwards  made  a  good  penny  by  the  operation. 
The  people  were  very  fond  of  their  new  convert,  and 
showered  honors  and  presents  on  Colonel  Glenn.  He 
was  talking  of  coming  back  from  the  States  with 
goods  for  this  market,  and  many  of  the  inhabitants 
entrusted  him  with  mules  and  money  to  make  pur- 
chases for  them,  of  which  they  never  heard  again. 
Among  his  religious  rewards  was  a  lot  of  the  finest 
Indian  blankets.  The  Colonel  was  a  great  and  good 
man  among  the  people  from  this  time  and  bore  the 
cross  of  his  religion  with  edifying  humility. 

On  the  next  day  we  reached  Taos,^  a  small  set- 
tlement near  the  mountains,  in  a  beautiful  and  fer- 

2  The  man  called  Leroy  by  James,  was  Jean  Baptiste  Antoine  Roy, 
born  at  St.  Louis  13  August,  1794,  son  of  Antoine  Roy  and  Felicite 
Vasquez. 

3  Taos.  "The  name  Taos  originally  given  to  the  region  of  coun- 
try embracing  the  headwaters  of  a  river  of  the  same  name,  has  long 
since  by  universal  custom  been  applied  to  the  particular  settlement  of 
San  Fernandez.  The  town  is  situated  at  the  junction  of  the  two 
principal  forks  of  the  'Rio  de  Taos,'  and  four  or  five  miles  from  the 
western  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountain  range.  Like  most  of  the  New 
Mexican  towns  it  consists  of  a  collection  of  mud  houses,  built  around 


[l822]  163 

tile  valley  through  which  the  Rio  Grande  flows  and 
offers  most  valuable  inducements  to  the  manufacturer 
by  its  water  power;  but  none  are  here  found  with 
sufficient  enterprise  to  seize  the  offer.  The  country 
in  the  hands  of  the  Americans  would  bloom  like  a 
garden,  while  now  it  languishes  in  a  state  of  half 
wilderness — half  cultivation. 

Leaving  Taos  with  eighty-three  horses  and  mules, 
with  Glenn  and  his  company  who  had  about  sixty, 
we  travelled  in  one  day  half  way  over  the  moun- 
tains, stopping  at  night  in  the  middle  of  the  pass. 
Here  we  were  overtaken  by  some  Spaniards  with  a 
mule  load  of  bread,  biscuit,  sugar,  chocolate  and 
other  delicacies,  all  sent  as  a  present  to  the  godly 
Glenn  by  his  godmother.  He  took  them,  I  suppose, 
with  pious  thankfulness,  much  as  a  hog  takes  the 
acorns  that  fall  to  him  from  an  oak  tree — without 
ever  looking  up.  On  my  return  to  St.  Louis  I  heard 
of  Glenn's  sneers  and  ridicule  of  the  clergy  of  New 
Mexico.  The  truth  concerning  them  was  bad  enough, 
but  I  was  astonished  to  hear  them  villified  and  abused 
by  the  so-lately  converted  Colonel  Glenn.  He 
changed  his  religion  more  rapidly  than  his  clothes, 
and  made  each  change  a  profitable  speculation  to 
himself.  Such  pliability  of  conscicence  may  serve  a 
temporary  purpose  to  its  fortunate  possessor,  but  I 
have  found  very  few  of  my  countrymen,  thank  God, 

a  miserable  square  or  plaza.  It  contains  a  mixed  population  of 
seven  or  eight  hundred  souls."     Peck,  in  Emory's  Notes,  p.  456. 

Taos  was  later  the  home  of  Kit  Carson,  and  there  is  much  of  in- 
terest told  about  the  place  in  Sabin's  Kit  Carson  Days,  and  see,  also 
Miss  Laut's  Through  Our  Unknown  South  West. 


i64  [1822] 

so  base  as  to  practice  hypocrisy  to  the  alarming  ex- 
tent to  which  this  sordid  miscreant  carried  its  exer- 
cise. 

On  the  next  day  we  marched  to  the  foot  of  the 
mountain  over  which  we  had  travelled  for  about 
fifty  miles  with  the  utmost  ease  through  a  regular 
and  even  pass  with  a  very  gradual  ascent  half  the 
distance  and  thence  with  an  equally  gradual  descent. 
There  are  three  principal  routes  over  the  mountains 
to  New  Mexico.     One  below  San  Miguel,  by  which 
I  went  to  Santa  Fe,  and  which  Is  easily  passable  for 
a  large  army  without  danger  of  surprise.     The  sec- 
ond,  through  which   I   was   now   returning  to   the 
States,  and  the  third,  a  few  miles  to  the  north  of  this 
last  and  of  Taos,  are  both  excellent  passes  for  trav- 
ellers and  emigrants,  but  would  not  admit  of  an  army 
in  the  face  of  an  enemy.     They  are  quite  narrow 
and  closed  in  by  mountains  of  a  great  height  and 
by  numerous  defiles,  which  In  possession  of  an  enemy 
would  present  great  obstacles  to  an  invading  army. 
McKnight,   who  came  through  the  northern  pass, 
Informed  me  that  it  was  much  better  than  this,  near 
Taos.     These  three  passes  are  all  of  slight  eleva- 
tion, and  present  a  gradual  ascent  and  descent  for 
about  fifty  miles,  of  no  difficulty  to  the  passenger  and 
his  teams.     The  most  northern  pass  will  probably 
become  the  great  outlet  of  American  emigration  to 
California. 

At  the  end  of  our  two  days'  journey  from  Taos 
we  encamped  at  the  foot  of  the  mountain  near  large 
piles  of  stones  placed  on  each  side  of  a  ravine  or 


[l822]  165 

gully.  These  were  in  shape  like  Immense  walls,  from 
ten  to  sixty  feet  in  length,  about  ten  wide,  and  from 
four  to  six  feet  in  height.  They  were  the  tombs  of 
Camanche  Indians,  who  had  been  massacred  at  this 
place  many  years  before  by  the  Spaniards.  An  old 
man  in  Santa  Fe  whom  I  employed  about  my  store, 
informed  me  of  the  circumstances  of  ths  cold-blooded 
butchery,  in  which  he  as  a  Spanish  soldier  took  part. 
It  happened  when  my  informant  was  about  twenty 
years  of  age,  which  was  a  few  years  previous  to  our 
Revolutionary  war.  According  to  his  account,  the 
Spaniards  and  Camanches  had  been  at  war  with  each 
other  for  many  years  with  various  fortune  on  both 
sides,  when  the  Spanish  authorities  determined  to 
offer  peace  to  their  enemies.  For  this  purpose  they 
marched  with  a  large  army  to  this  place  of  tombs, 
and  encamped,  whence  they  sent  out  heralds  to  the 
Camanches  with  an  invitation  to  the  whole  nation  to 
come  in  and  smoke  the  pipe  of  peace  and  bury  the 
hatchet  of  war  forever.  The  unsuspecting  Indians 
came  in,  pursuant  to  the  invitation,  and  brought  their 
women  and  children  to  the  number  of  several  thou- 
sands. The  council  was  held  and  a  solemn  treaty 
formed  which  one  side  hoped  and  expected  would 
be  inviolate  forever.  They  smoked  the  pipe  of  peace 
and  of  brotherhood.  Everything  betokened  lasting 
harmony,  and  for  three  days  an  apparently  friendly 
and  cordial  intercourse  took  place  between  the  two 
powers.  During  this  time  the  Spaniards  insidously 
bought  up  all  the  bows  and  arrows,  and  other  arms 
of  the  Indians,  at  very  high  prices,  and  the  third 


i66  [1822] 

day  found  these  simple  children  of  nature  stripped 
of  their  arms  and  entirely  defenseless,  in  the  midst 
of  their  treacherous  enemies.  Then  ensued  a  scene 
of  murder  exceeding  in  atrocity  even  the  celebrated 
slaughter  of  Glencoe,  which  occurred  in  Scotland  a 
few  years  before  this  and  under  very  similar  circum- 
stances. The  Spaniards  having  surrounded  the  In- 
dians, fell  suddenly,  at  a  concerted  signal,  upon  them 
and  killed  all  without  regard  to  age  or  sex.  The 
women  and  children  clung  to  their  protectors,  who 
would  not  leave  them  and  could  not  fight,  and  thus 
they  were  all  slaughtered  together.  The  bloody 
work  continued  most  of  the  day  and  the  dead  were 
left  in  large  heaps  over  the  ground.  The  drain  or 
gully,  between  the  stone  walls  ran  with  blood  on  this 
terrible  day,  as  the  old  Spaniard  told  me,  like  a 
spring  freshet.  Not  a  man,  woman  or  child  was 
spared;  and  my  informant  supposed  that  the  exam- 
ple had  deterred  all  the  tribes  of  Camanches  from 
making  war  on  the  people  of  Santa  Fe  from  that  day 
to  this.  The  citizens  of  this  town  may  have  been 
exempt  from  attack,  but  we  have  always  heard  of 
the  incursions  of  these  tribes  on  the  Spanish  settle- 
ments, and  conduct  like  this  of  the  Spaniards  near 
Taos  would  and  did  sow  deep  the  seeds  of  incurable 
hate  which  have  frequently  germinated  since  in 
bloody  retributions.  The  countrymen  of  the  slaugh- 
tered Indians  afterwards  erected  the  stone  walls 
near  to  which  we  were  now  encamped,  and  which 
covered  a  large  extent  of  ground,  as  tombs  and 
monuments  for  the  dead.     Their  power  was  greatly 


[l822]  167 

broken  by  the  loss  of  so  many  warriors  and  the  na- 
tion was  a  long  time  in  recovering  its  former 
strength. 

On  the  next  morning  after  crossing  the  mountain 
we  entered  the  prairies,  which  were  frequently 
quite  broken  and  uneven.  The  spurs  of  the  moun- 
tains were  covered  with  pine  and  cedar.  Directing 
our  course  to  the  north-east,  in  four  days  we  struck 
the  Arkansas  a  considerable  distance  from  its  head. 
On  the  next  day,  and  the  seventh  since  leaving  Taos, 
Col.  Glenn,  who  marched  in  advance  of  me,  sent 
back  a  man  with  the  news  that  the  "Camanches  were 
ahead."*  I  hastened  forward  with  the  McKnights, 
and  found  Glenn  stretched  out  on  his  blanket  in  a 
cold  sweat  and  shaking  with  fear  as  if  he  had  the 
ague.  I  asked,  where  are  the  Indians?  "Oh  there 
they  are,  hid  behind  that  willow  bar."  I  searched 
and  found  nothing,  when  Glenn  again  cried  out,  "Oh 
there  they  are,"  pointing  to  two  men  riding  towards 
us  on  the  opposite  or  north  side  of  river,  and  also  to 
a  company  of  about  two  lodges,  or  twelve  Indians 
going  from  us  to  the  north-west.  I  soon  perceived 
that  the  two  men  first  seen  were  white,  and  one 
crossed  the  river  to  our  company.     They  were  a 

*  Fowler's  mention  of  these  Indians  is  under  date  "Wensday,  iz 
June,  1822;"  he  says,  **a  party  of  Indeans  apeered  on  Hors  back  on 
the  opeset  Side  of  the  River — We  Hailed  them  the  answered  but 
Would  not  Come  a  Cross — We  then  Camped  for  the  night — the  In- 
deans moved  off  and  Soon  after  a  party  of  White  men  appeared  on 
the  Same  Side  one  of  them  Came  over  to  our  Camp  this  was  Conl 
Cooppers  party  from  Boons  lick  on  their  Way  to  the  Spanish  Settle- 
ment With  Some  goods  and  Some  traps  to  take  Bever."  Journal,  p. 
154. 


i68  [1822] 

company   of   about   twelve    from   Boon's   Lick,    of 
whom  one  was  named  Cooper,  on  their  way  to  Santa 
Fe.^    Glenn,  as  much  frightened  as  before,  now  in- 
sisted that  the  Indians  whom  we  had  seen  had  gone 
off  to  bring  up  their  companions  to  attack  us  in  the 
night.     He  had  his  horses  and  mules  tied  together 
and  ordered  his  company  to  prepare  for  action.     I 
determined  to  allow  my  horses  to  separate  for  graz- 
ing, and  in  looking  for  a  good    place    for    herding 
them,  I  espied  and  shot  a  buffalo  under  the  cHff.  This 
brought  up  all  my  company  and  a  part  of  Glenn's  to 
ascertain  the  cause   of  the  shot,  while  Glenn  was 
crying  out  to  them,  "Come  back,  you'll  all  be  killed 
by  the  Indians."  When  I  returned  to  the  camp  I  told 
him  to  send  some  of  his  men  for  a  part  of  the  buf- 
falo, if  he  wanted  any  meat.     "No,  I  want  no  meat 
and  I  will  not  travel  with  men  so  rash  as  to  fire  their 
guns    while    so  near  the  Indians."     In  the  morning 
we  took  up  our  march,  with  one  of  Cooper's  party 
on  his  return  to  St.  Louis,  and  with  Glenn  in  ad- 
vance, who,  intent  on  getting  out  of  danger,  soon 
out-travelled  us.    About  two  o'clock  one  of  his  men 
returned  at  full  speed,  calling    us    to    hurry    on — 
here  are  two  thousand  Pawnees."^     On  overtaking 

5  Colonel  Benjamin  Cooper  of  Boon's  Lick  accompanied  by  his 
nephews,  Braxton  and  Stephen  Cooper,  and  some  of  his  neighbors, 
fifteen  persons  in  all,  started  for  New  Mexico  in  May,  1822.  Glenn 
on  his  return  to  Missouri  reported  that  he  had  met  them  on  the  Big 
Bend  of  the  Arkansas.  Later,  rumors  reached  their  homes  that  they 
had  been  robbed  by  the  Indians  and  left  in  a  starving  condition,  but 
these  rumors  were  unfounded,  and  the  party  reached  Taos  without 
any  serious  mishap. 

6  Fowler  {Journal,  p.  157)  under  date  18  June,  gives  an  account 
of  this  meeting  with  the  Pawnees,  in  this  way: — 


[l822]  169 

Glenn  I  found  two  Indians,  who  said  the  main  army 
would  soon  be  with  them.  I  had  brought  with  me 
from  Taos  two  Mexican  Indians  who  wished  to  go 
to  the  United  States.  Glenn  knowing  that  the  Paw- 
nees were  at  war  with  the  Spaniards,  said  these  Mex- 
icans would  be  killed  on  the  coming  up  of  the  Pawnee 
army,  and  implored  us  to  let  them  be  killed  "peace- 

"We  then  moved  on  about  Eight  miles  and  meet  With  Some  Pawne 
Indeans — With  Home  [whom]  We  Camped — there  Was  With  them 
one  of  the  letan  Cheefs  Who  Stated  that  He  Was  lately  from  Was- 
ington  Cetey — In  the  Corse  of  the  Evening  the  Indeans  Collected  to 
the  nomber  of  from  four  to  five  Hundred — it  is  Hear  proper  to  men- 
tion that  Captain  James  Had  two  Spanierds  With  Him  and  that  ConI 
glann  Head  two  all  So — but  the  last  two  Ware  dressed  like  our 
Selves — but  James  Spanierds  Wore  their  own  Clothing  and  Ware 
Challenged  by  the  Indeans  as  their  Enemeys — a  Councel  Was  Held 
Which  lasted  about  two  Hours  the  Inquirey  Was  Whether  these 
men  Ware  Spanierds  if  so  the  must  be  killed  as  letan  Cheef  Insisted 
the  Ware  Spanierds  and  must  be  killed  but  the  Pawne  Cheef  Re- 
fused to  Have  them  killed  till  He  new  the  Ware  Spanierds  the  two 
men  Ware  Sot  In  the  midle  of  the  Councel  and  there  Interageted  but 
maid  no  answer  leting  on  that  the  did  not  no  What  Was  Said  to 
them — to  Which  the  had  ben  advised  before  they  Ware  takeing  In 
to  the  Councel  most  of  those  Indeans  understand  the  Spanish  lan- 
guage but  Cold  not  git  one  Word  from  the  men  the  then  asked  Mr 
Roy  the  Inturpurter  If  those  men  Ware  not  Spanierds  He  told  the 
Indeans  He  did  not  kno  who  the  Ware  that  He  Cold  not  Speeke 
their  langage  to  Which  the  letan  Cheef  Replyed  you  do  not  kno  thira 
you  kno  How  to  gave  them  Horses  and  Can  tell  them  How  to  Ride 
and  yet  you  Can  not  Spapke  to  them  Which  ia  a  little  Strange  How 
do  you  git  them  to  Eat  or  Whare  did  you  git  them  We  See  them 
Ride  on  your  Horses — to  which  mr  Roy  answers  as  followes — for  it 
is  Hear  now  be  Com  nesceerv  to  fib  a  little — that  about  two  days 
back  We  met  a  party  of  White  men  going  up  the  River  and  that 
those  men  Ware  With  them  that  the  Ware  from  St  lewis  and  Wanted 
to  go  back  and  Had  Come  this  far  With  us  that  We  Head  Some 
Spare  Horses  and  that  the  Had  got  on  and  Road — the  Pawne  Cheef 
then  Said  that  Some  four  or  five  years  back  He  Had  Sene  Some  Eng- 
lish men  and  french  men  together  and  the  Cold  not  talk  to  Each 
other  that  maybe  those  Ware  English  men — to  Which  Mr.  Roy  an- 
swered that  He  Cold  not  talk  English  and  did  not  kno  these  men 

and  So  the  Councel  Ended  the  two  Spanierds  Pased  for  English  men 
tho  the  Ware  nearly  as  Black  as  pall  [i.  e.  Paul,  a  negro  of  Fowler's] 
—but  at  all  Events  the  Ware  Blacker  than  the  Indeans  them  Selves." 


lyo  [1822] 

ably"  and  not  endanger  the  whole    party   by    any 
unnecessary  resistance.     I  replied  that  these  Indians 
were  under  my  protection  and  should  not  be  hurt. 
In  a  short  time  we  saw  the  whole  army  pouring  over 
the  bend  or  knoll  before  us,  which  for  half  a  mile 
was  red  with  them,  all  afoot,  except  three,  and  every 
man  carrying  a  rope  lasso  or  cahras    in    his    hand. 
Again  did  Glenn  shake  as  with  the  ague,  and  the 
cold  sweat  stood  on  his  face  in  drops.     "Oh  they  are 
coming,  they  are  coming,"  said  he.  One  of  their  three 
horsemen  rode  past  our  band,    then    returned    and 
halted    at    some  distance  as  for  a  parley.     I  told 
Glenn  to  get  up  from  the  ground  where  he  was  ly- 
ing and  go  out  to  speak  with  this  Indian.     No,  no, 
said  he,  we  shall  be  shot  down  if  we  go  out  there. 
The  creature's  courage  and  senses  seemed  to  have 
left  him  together.    I  went  out  with  McKnight,  shook 
hands  with  the  Chiefs  and  brought  them  in  among 
our  men  who  spread  buffalo  skins  on  the  ground  for 
their  reception,  while  I  prepared  the  pipe  which  we 
smoked  together.     The  leader  of  this  army  was  a 
brother  of  the  head  Chief  of  the  Pawnee  nation,  and 
one  of  the  finest  formed  and  best  looking  men  I  have 
ever  seen.    He  was  six  feet  in  height,  with  large  and 
powerful  limbs,  a  large  head,  with  a  well  developed 
front,  and  keen  dark  hazel  eyes.     His  manner  was 
dignified  and  commanding,  and  he    evidently    pos- 
sessed the  confidence  of  his  tribe.     There  was  some- 
thing in  him  that  at  once  drew  out  my  heart  towards 
him  and  secured  my  esteem  and  respect.     He    was 
now  going,  he  told  me,  down  to  the  country   of   the 


[l822]  I^I 

Camanches,  Arrlpahoes  and  other  tribes,  near  the 
Salt  Plains,  to  conclude  treaties  of  peace.    They  had 
been  out  ten  days  from  their  country  and  would  have 
passed  this  place  five  days  before  had  not  this  Chief 
been  taken  sick.    He  now  looked  feverish  and  weak. 
After  smoking,  the  whole  party  of  Indians,  to  the 
number  of  one  thousand,  gathered  around    us    and 
four  of  them  marched  my  Mexican  friends  into  the 
circle  and  placed  them  before  the  Chief  above  men- 
tioned, who  was  sitting  on  the  ground.     All  the  In- 
dians except  this  Chief  declared  that  these  two  were 
Mexicans  and  therefore  their  enemies,    and    many 
called  for  their  scalps.  A  Kioway  Chief  made  a  vio- 
lent speech  against  them.  He  understanding  the  Span- 
ish language,  desired  them  to  speak  with  each  other. 
They  remaining  silent,  he  then  requested  me  to  make 
them  speak.     I  appeared  not    to    understand,    but 
said  they  were  my  men  and  under  my  protection. 
The  Kioway  then  walked  close  to  the  Mexicans  and 
in  a  friendly  manner  and  confidential  tone  he  said : 
"You  are  Spanish  Indians,  are  you  not?     You  can 
tell  me ;  I  am  your  friend.     You  know  I  am  a  Kio- 
way; we  are  not  at  war  with  you.     We  are  friends. 
You  are  a  Spanish  Indian  are  you  not?    The  Mexi- 
cans looked  like   condemned  criminals   during  this 
shower  of  questions,  and  one  of  them  looking  up 
and  meeting  the  eye  of  the  Kioway,  slightly  nodded 
an  aflirmative  to  the  last  question.     Instantly  that 
Chief  clapped  his  hands  and  exclaimed:     "Do  you 
hear  that,   they   acknowledged   it — they   are   Span- 
lards,  these  are  the  men  who  have  been  murdering 


172  [l822] 

your  women  and  children,  kill  them — kill  them."  I 
placed  myself  before  the  Mexicans  to  defend  them, 
and  told  the  Pawnee  Chiefs  they  should  not  be 
killed,  and  the  older  Chiefs  cried  out,  "come,  come, 
go  and  get  some  wood  and  make  fires.  Kill  some 
buffaloes  and  get  something  to  eat."  This  entirely 
changed  the  current.  Losing  sight  of  their  Mexican 
enemies,  they  ran  off  with  a  shout  in  obedience  to 
their  Chief  and  scattered  over  the  prairies  on  my 
horses  which  I  loaned  them.  Away  they  went  in  all 
directions  and  soon  returned  with  an  abundance  of 
buffalo  meat.  When  they  had  disappeared,  the 
Chief  who  had  so  soon  dispersed  them  looked  at  me 
with  a  smile  and  said,  pointing  to  the  two  Mexicans, 
"they  are  Spanish  Indians  I  know;  but  they  are  with 
you  and  shall  not  be  hurt.  Last  winter  my  brother 
went  to  Washington  and  saw  our  Great  Father 
there.  He  said  a  great  many  things  to  my  brother 
and  made  him  a  great  many  presents.  And  what  he 
said  went  into  his  ear,  and  my  brother  told  it  again 
to  me  and  it  went  into  my  ear  and  down  to  my  heart. 
Our  Great  Father  told  my  brother  to  treat  all 
Americans  well  who  visited  his  country,  and  my 
brother  promised  the  Great  Father,  in  the  name  of 
the  whole  nation,  that  we  would  do  as  he  wished  us 
to  do  towards  the  Americans.  You  and  your  friends 
are  safe.  You  shall  not  be  hurt."  This  Chief  told 
me  of  some  of  his  exploits  as  a  warrior,  one  of 
which,  then  the  latest,  I  will  relate.  His  nation  were 
at  war  with  the  Osages  and  in  the  fall  before  he  had^ 
approached  near  to  one  of  their  largest  villages  with 


[l822]  173 

a  war  party,  too  small,  however,  to  risk  an  attack. 
He  concealed  himself  and  his  men  behind  a  large 
mound  in  the  prairie  at  some  distance  from  the  vil- 
lage, and  sent  forward  eight  well  mounted  Pawnees 
to  reconnoitre.  A  large  party  of  Osages  gave  chase 
to  these  eight,  who  retreated  before  them  to  the 
mound  and  then  separated,  four  going  to  the  right 
and  four  to  the  left  around  the  mound,  and  were 
followed  by  their  enemies  who  rushed  blindly  into 
the  ambuscade.  Our  hero,  the  Pawnee,  now  gave 
the  war  whoop,  and  fell  upon  the  Osages,  whose 
jaded  horses  were  unable  to  carry  them  out  of  dan- 
ger. A  hundred  of  the  Osages  were  killed  in  the 
fight  or  rather  flight,  and  our  hero,  the  Pawnee 
Chief,  felt  all  the  pride  and  pleasure  of  a  Spartan 
in  relating  the  triumph  of  his  craft  and  valor. 

We  encamped  at  night  in  the  company  with  the 
Indians,  the  Chief  lying  near  me,  and  in  the  morn- 
ing nothing  had  been  disturbed.  I  made  presents 
of  tobacco  to  the  Indians  and  selecting  one  of  my 
best  horses  and  a  Spanish  saddle,  bridle  and  rope, 
and  leading  him  up  to  the  Chief,  who  had  no  horse 
of  his  own,  I  presented  him  with  this  one  and  the 
trappings.  The  Chief  appeared  ashamed  at  not 
having  any  thing  to  give  in  return,  and  said,  "if  you 
ever  come  again  to  my  country,  I  will  have  two 
horses  ready  for  you."  I  told  him  to  treat  all 
Americans  well  when  visiting  his  country,  and  to 
protect  them  from  their  enemies.  He  appeared 
greatly  affected  and  at  parting,  embraced  me  with 
both  arms. 


174  [i822] 

After  proceeding  about  a  mile  on  our  way  we  saw 
about  thirty  Indians  running  towards  us^  and  Glenn 
took  another  fright,  said  that  these  were  coming  to 
kill  the  two  Mexicans,  and  again  prayed  me  to  give 
them  up  "peaceably."  I  said  no,  and  the  McKnights 
swore  they  would  die  themselves,  rather  than  desert 
any  of  their  comrades.  They,  with  the  rest  of  my 
company  formed  a  circle  around  the  Mexicans,  while 
Glenn  and  his  men  hurried  forward,  and  I  stopped 
to  speak  with  the  advancing  Indians.  These  were  a 
hunting  party  belonging  to  the  Pawnee  army,  who 
had  not  seen  us  before,  having  just  returned  from 
hunting,  and  now  came  to  shake  hands  with  us. 
They  overtook  Glenn  for  the  same  friendly  purpose 
and  then  returned  in  high  spirits  to  their  country- 
men. Glenn  now  pushed  on  in  a  trot  and  soon  went 
out  of  my  sight  where  he  has  remained  from  that 
day  to  this.^  He  sold  his  fur  in  St.  Louis,  went 
to  Cincinnati,  and  cheated  me  out  of  his  debt  to  me, 
as  I  ought  to  have  expected  him  to  do  after  his 
previous  cowardice  and  hypocricy. 

'^  "Wensday  19  June.  We  Set  out  Early  the  Indeans  apeer  frendly 
— We  moved  on  about  five  miles  and  looking  behind  We  See  the  In- 
deans Runing  after  us — and  all  tho  We  drove  the  Horses  In  a  trot 
the  Will  overtake  us  In  a  few  minets — We  Conclude  it  best  to  Stop 
and  let  them  Come  up  Which  Was  done — We  Stood  prepared  for 
Battle  But  Will  Receve  them  frendly  if  We  Can — now  the  Intur- 
preter  prepaired  a  pipe  and  offered  them  a  Smoke  as  the  Came  up 
Which  the  all  axcepted  of  and  looking  amongst  [us]  asked  Wheare 
the  two  men  Ware  Which  the  Soposed  to  be  Spanierds  and  Ware 
Shone  them — the  then  Went  and  Shook  Hands  With  us  all  pointed 
us  the  Road  Which  We  took  and  the  Indeans  Went  Back  the  Ware 
fourteen  In  nomber" — Fowler's  Journal,  p.  159. 

8  "Friday  21st  June  1822. — "We  Seen  James  and  partey  this  day 
a  great  distance  to  our  Right  makeing  down  the  Arkansas  River." 


[l822]  175 

We  now  kept  our  course  down  the  Arkansas,  and 
on  the  next  day  crossed  to  the  north  bank  of  the 
river.  One  of  my  trunks  fell  into  the  river  in  cross- 
ing, and  some  rhubarb  dissolving,  became  mixed 
with  my  shirts,  journal,  invoice  and  other  papers  in 
the  trunk,  and  entirely  destroyed  them.  The  writ- 
ing was  obliterated  from  the  papers,  and  my  jour- 
nal which  I  had  kept  since  leaving  home  was  ren- 
dered useless.  My  memory,  which  was  always  very 
retentive  of  events  and  incidents,  enables  me  to  sup- 
ply this  loss  with  sufficient  accuracy. 

On  the  third  day  after  parting  with  the  Pawnees 
we  found  the  prairie  strewed  with  buffalo  skeletons, 
and  saw  at  a  distance  in  a  bend  of  the  river,  a  com- 
pany of  men  wearing  hats.  I  learned  afterwards 
that  this  was  a  company  of  traders  bound  for  Santa 
Fe,  who  had  been  robbed  by  the  Osages.®  Supposing 
it    to    be    Glenn's    Company,  I  passed  on  without 

Fowler's  Journal,  p.  161.    The  separation  took  place  in  what  is  now 
Barton  County,  Kansas. 

^  This  was  a  party  under  the  leadership  of  Captain  William  Beck- 
nell,  also  from  the  Boon's  Lick  neighborhood,  which  had  started 
on  22  May.  The  company  consisted  of  twenty  one  men  with  three 
wagons.  Two  of  the  men  were  taken  by  the  Osages,  and  were 
stripped,  barbarously  whipped  and  robbed  of  their  horses,  guns  and 
clothes.  Colonel  A.  P.  Chouteau  came  to  the  rescue  and  pre- 
vented further  attacks  upon  the  party.  The  party,  anxious  to  avoid 
the  circuitous  route  of  the  upper  Arkansas,  crossed  that  river  at  the 
place  known  as  the  Caches  and  took  a  south  west  course  towards  the 
Cimarron.  Gregg  says  that  being  without  water  they  were  com- 
pelled to  suck  the  blood  of  their  dogs  and  mules,  and  that  many  of 
them  had  laid  down  to  die,  when  some  of  the  strongest  of  them  hav- 
ing obtained  water  from  the  paunch  of  a  slaughtered  buffalo,  suc- 
ceeded in  reaching  the  river  and  bringing  back  a  supply  to  their 
perishing  comrades.  Becknell  does  not  mention  the  "water  scrape" 
in  his  Journal  (2  Missouri  Historical  Collections),  but  says  that  they 
reached  St.  Michael  (San  Miguel)  in  twenty  two  days  from  the 
Arkansas. 


176  [i822] 

hailing  them,  and  encamped  at  night  In  a  small  grove 
in  the  edge  of  the  prairie.  We  secured  the  horses 
and  prepared  our  camp  with  care  against  an  attack 
from  Indians,  who  were  evidently  in  our  vicinity. 
One-half  of  our  band  slept  while  the  rest  stood  as 
sentinels.  In  the  morning  about  an  hour  before  day 
a  sound  of  violent  crying  and  lamentation  was  heard, 
such  as  is  customary  with  the  Indians  when  bewail- 
ing the  loss  of  a  near  relation.  This  is  usually  con- 
tinued from  early  dawn  till  sun-rise,  when  they  end 
in  a  sobbing  hiccough  Hke  that  of  children  after 
long  crying.  A  mounted  Indian  soon  after  dayhght, 
circled  around  the  camp  and  stopped  at  a  distance 
of  a  quarter  of  a  mile.  I  cried  out  Mawhatonga, 
(long  knife).  The  Indian  repeated  the  word  inter- 
rogatively, Mawhatonga?  The  Indians  call  the 
whites  Long-knives,  from  their  swords.  On  my  an- 
swering howai  (yes),  this  Indian  came  into  our 
camp  and  informed  me  that  an  Osage  village 
was  near  by,  and  that  Chouteau,^^  Tonish,^^  and 
Pelche,^^  French  traders,  were  with  them.    I  started 

10  For  biographical  sketch  of  Auguste  Pierre  Chouteau,  see  Appen- 
dix. 

11  Tonish  is  Antoine  de  Hatre  of  Florissant.  He  was  with  Wash- 
ington Irving  on  his  "Tour  of  the  Prairies,"  and  his  grand-daughter, 
now  living  in  Florissant,  says  that  Mr.  Irving  did  him  "a  great 
wrong"  in  writing  about  him  as  he  did.  Latrobe,  who  was  Irving's 
companion  on  the  "Tour,"  says  of  Tonish, — "Light,  alive,  in  the 
prime  of  life,  no  horse  could  take  him  by  surprise;  no  inclined  plane 
could  throw  him  oif  his  balance.  He  was  a  man  of  no  mean  quali- 
fications, full  of  makeshifts,  and  unspeakably  useful  in  the  woods; 
they  were  his  home."  The  Rambler  in  North  America.  His  grand- 
father, Louis  de  Hetre,  came  to  St.  Louis  from  Cahokia  in  1764. 

12  Pelche  must  be  the  same  person  whom  Lieut.  Abert  calls  "Pilka, 
an  old  voyageur."  He  says  of  him:  "He  was  one  of  those  hardy 
men  who  had  become  inured  to  all  kinds  of  difficulty  in  the  service 


Courtesy  of  John  F.  McDermott.  Esq. 


[l822]  177 

with  the  Indian  for  the  village  and  came  In  view  of  it 
on  ascending  a  hill  a  short  way  from  the  camp,  where 
my  companion  went  off  at  full  speed,  shouting  at  the 
top  of  his  voice,  and  soon  brought  out  the  whole  vil- 
lage with  Chouteau  and  other  French  traders  to 
meet  me.  A  large  company  of  Indians  passed  me 
to  meet  the  company  w^th  the  horses  behind,  and  by 
their  shouts  and  tumultuous  riding  gave  my  drove  a 
stampede  which  made  the  earth  shake  beneath  them. 
Chouteau  invited  me  to  breakfast  with  him,  assur- 
ing me  that  my  horses,  w^hich  were  now  out  of  sight, 
would  be  recovered.  I  partook  with  him  of  a  dish 
of  coffee,  the  first  I  had  tasted  in  twelve  months,  and 
of  bread  and  other  luxuries  of  civilization,  which 
brought  before  my  mind  all  the  comforts  of  home 
to  which  I  had  been  so  long  a  stranger.  After  re- 
turning from  Chouteau's  marquee,  about  noon,  we 
discovered  that  four  horses  and  several  articles  be- 
longing to  me  and  McKnight  and  a  keg  of  Chou- 
teau's powder  had  been  stolen  by  the  Indians.  Chou- 
teau raged  and  stormed  like  a  mad  man  and  threat- 
ened to  abandon  the  nation  forever  and  stop  all  the 
American  trade  with  them,  unless  they  produced  the 

of  the  American  Fur  Company,  and,  having  been  often  placed  by 
necessity  in  emergencies  which  called  forth  all  the  resources  of  his 
ingenuity,  had  acquired  a  facility  of  doing  well  every  thing  that  he 
undertook.  Such  men  know  the  necessity  of  discipline;  and  are  ever 
ready  in  time  of  danger,  and  never  allow  their  courage  to  be  dam- 
pened, or  their  cheerfulness  to  be  clouded  by  the  difficulties  with 
which  they  may  be  surrounded."  Emory's  Notes  of  a  Military  Re- 
connoissance  from  Fort  Leaven^worth,  in  Missouri,  to  San  Diego,  in 
California,  p.  420.  Though  the  identification  is  by  no  means  cer- 
tain, this  seems  to  have  been  Henry  Pelky  (or  Peltier)  of  Florissant, 
"who  died  there  in  September,  1847. 


178  [l822] 

Stolen  articles  and  abstained  from  molesting  the 
property  of  his  friends.  At  last  two  of  the  horses 
were  brought  up.  Chouteau  commanded  them  to 
return  the  rest  of  the  missing  goods,  which  however, 
could  not  be  found.  The  Conjuror  now  appeared 
with  his  wand  hned  with  bells,  which  he  carried 
jingling  through  the  village.  When  he  started,  Chou- 
teau remarked  that  the  lost  goods  would  certainly 
be  found  by  him;  as  the  Indians  had  no  hope  of 
concealing  any  thing  from  their  medicine  man.  The 
wand  carried  him  directly  towards  the  place  of  con- 
cealment, and  the  thieves  to  avoid  detection  soon 
brought  up  the  goods  which  they  had  fortunately 
found.  Two  of  my  horses  were  lost  beyond  recov- 
ery. I  remained  with  Chouteau  that  day  till  even- 
ing, and  was  treated  by  him  and  his  French  com- 
panions, hke  a  brother.  I  saw  a  singular  instance 
of  Indian  revenge,  while  here,  which  will  illustrate 
their  stern  and  inflexible  sense  of  wrong.  An  old 
Osage  was  sitting  on  the  ground  when  a  younger 
Indian  with  a  rope  in  hand  stopped  before  him  and 
said:  "You  struck  me  one  blow,  when  I  was  a  boy, 
I  will  now  return  it."  The  sitting  Indian  without  a 
murmur  bent  his  head  and  body  forward  to  receive 
the  justice  which  awaited  him,  while  the  avenger  of 
youthful  wrongs  drew  two  large  knots  in  his  rope, 
and  after  swinging  it  around  his  head  several  times, 
brought  it  down  with  all  his  weight  upon  the  back 
of  his  old  enemy.  The  knots  seemed  to  sink  into 
his  back  their  whole  depth.  Leaping  up  in  a  furious 
rage,  the  culprit  rushed  at  the  executioner,  seized 


[l822]  179 

the  rope  and  endeavored  to  wrest  it  from  him,  claim- 
ing one  blow  in  return.  As  the  pain  subsided  they 
became  friends  and  thought  no  more  of  the  old 
feud.  "An  eye  for  an  eye  and  a  tooth  for  a  tooth," 
is  strictly  their  motto.  The  blow  which  he  had  re- 
ceived when  a  boy,  had  rankled  in  this  Indian's 
heart  for  ten  or  twenty  years,  and  now  having  paid 
it  back  with  interest,  he  was  satisfied  and  happy. 
Their  method  of  curing  diseases  is  very  similar  to 
the  operations  of  our  animal  magnetizers.  The 
Conjuror  or  Medicine  man  has  an  old  cloth,  which 
they  supposed  possessed  the  charm  and  power  to 
restore  health.  With  this  magic  cloth  assisted  by 
other  Indians  in  the  same  exercise,  he  rubs  the  pa- 
tient from  head  to  foot,  in  a  manner  similar  to  the 
passes  of  the  magnetizers,  on  their  subjects.  This 
is  continued  until  the  patient  acknowledges  himself 
reheved,  or  rehef  is  proved  to  be  hopeless. 

My  company  started  forward  before  me,  and  I 
remained  behind  till  evening  with  Cunigam,  for  the 
purpose  of  finding  the  two  missing  horses,  which 
were  among  the  best.  Failing  in  this,  I  with  my 
companion,  followed  in  the  track  of  the  company. 
Before  we  had  gone  far  a  black  cloud  gathered  over 
our  heads,  with  thunder  and  lightning  in  terrific 
grandeur.  We  hastened  forward  till  night,  when 
the  storm  broke  upon  us  in  torrents  of  rain  which 
deluged  the  earth.  We  lay  in  the  rain  all  night,  and 
in  the  morning  the  river  had  risen  above  the  banks, 
and  nearly  reached  our  place  of  sleeping.  The  marks 
of  the  muddy  water  and  leaves  was  visible   in   a 


i8o  [1822] 

straight  line  on  my  companion  as  he  lay  asleep  in  a 
gully  which  the  flood  had  washed  without  waking 
him.  We  saw,  a  little  distance  off,  our  company, 
encamped  on  the  spot  occupied  by  the  Osages  the 
night  but  one  before.  Pursuing  our  course  down 
the  river,  we  came  to  the  Little  Arkansas,^^  which 
enters  the  main  river  from  the  north,  and  crossing 
it,  we  encamped  on  Its  bank  which  Is  here  very  high. 
The  river  rose  twenty  feet  during  the  night  from 
the  heavy  rains  which  had  just  fallen.  Here  we 
left  the  Arkansas,  which  goes  to  the  south,  after 
making  what  Is  called  the  great  northern  bend.  We 
travelled  to  the  north-east,  the  rain  falling  abund- 
antly, and  came  to  a  creek  we  were  unable  to  cross. 
We  encamped  on  its  bank  for  that  night,  and  the 
next  morning  before  starting,  some  thirty  Osages 
came  up  with  some  goods  which  they  had  stolen 
from  a  party  of  Santa  Fe  traders  on  the  Arkansas 
above,  and  offered  to  us  for  sale.  Our  refusal  to 
buy  incensed  them  greatly,  and  they  blustered  and 
bullied  around  us  until  we  showed  them  plainly  how 
little  we  were  affected  by  their  bravado.  One  seized 
a  belt  of  McKnIght's,  who  wrenched  it  out  of  his 
hands  and  struck  him  with  it  a  tremendous  blow  over 
the  shoulder.  After  these  Indians  left  us,  we  pur- 
sued our  course  on  the  trail  of  the  Osages.  The 
streams  were  all  full  and  difficult  In  crossing,  and  the 
game   exceedingly   scarce.      In  ten   or  twelve   days 

13  The  Little  Arkansas  heads  in  Ellsworth  County,  Kansas,  and 
flows  into  the  Arkansas  River  where  the  city  of  Wichita  now  stands. 
It  is  about  seventy  five  miles  in  length. 


[l822]  i8i 

after  severe  suffering  for  want  of  food,  we  reached 
the  Neosho  or  Grand  River,  where  we  found  corn 
growing :  this  was  just  in  the  silk  without  any  grain 
on  the  ear.  We  boiled  and  ate  the  cob  with  a 
hearty  relish.  Soon  after  this  we  were  hailed  by  In- 
dians, who  came  from  the  north,  and  finding  we  were 
whites,  approached  us  in  a  friendly  manner  and  in- 
vited us  to  their  village,  two  miles  distant.  They 
laughed  at  our  last  meal  and  promised  us  something 
better  than  corn  cobs.  We  fared  well,  with  them, 
on  hominy,  meat  and  bread,  which  last  was  made  of 
flour  furnished  to  them  by  Mr.  Sibley,"  the  factor  at 
Fiery-Prairie  Fort.^^  After  smoking  with  these 
friendly  Osages,  we  proceeded  on  our  way,  and  with 

1*  George  Champlain  Sibley,  explorer,  b.  in  Great  Barrington, 
Mass.,  in  April,  1782;  d.  in  Elma,  St.  Charles  co..  Mo.,  31  Jan.,  1863. 
He  was  the  son  of  John  Sibley,  a  surgeon  in  the  Revolutionary 
army,  and  of  a  daughter  of  Samuel  Hopkins,  of  Newport,  and  was 
brought  up  in  North  Carolina.  He  went  to  St.  Louis,  Mo.,  during 
Jefferson's  administration  as  an  employe  of  the  Indian  bureau,  and 
was  subsequently  sent  among  the  Indians  as  an  agent  of  the  gov- 
ernment. Escorted  by  a  band  of  Osage  warriors,  he  explored  the 
Grand  Saline  and  Salt  mountain,  publishing  an  account  of  the  ex- 
pedition. After  retiring  from  the  Indian  department,  he  was  ap- 
pointed a  commissioner  to  survey  a  road  from  Missouri  to  New 
Mexico,  and  made  several  treaties  with  Indian  tribes.  He  and  his 
wife,  Mary  Easton,  were  the  founders  of  Lindenwood  college,  St. 
Charles,  Mo.,  giving  the  land  on  which  it  is  built.  He  was  inter- 
ested in  the  scheme  of  African  colonization  and  other  philanthropic 
objects.  (From  Appletons'  Cyclopaedia  of  American  Biography,  Vol. 
5,  p.  520.)  The  Missouri  Historical  Society  has  a  large  collection  of 
Sibley's  letters  and  papers. 

15  "Fiery  Prairie  Fort,"  was  Fort  Osage  which  was  situated  on  the 
south  side  of  the  Missouri  River  in  what  is  now  Jackson  County, 
Missouri,  on  the  site  of  the  present  village  of  Sibley.  Fort  Osage 
was  established  by  the  U.  S.  Government  in  1808,  and  was  often 
called  Fort  Clark.  For  an  account  of  it,  see  3  Houck's  History  of 
Missouri,  147-9.  Fi'*e  Prairie  was  near  by,  and  took  its  name  from 
the  circumstance  of  some  Indians  having  there  lost  their  lives  from 
the  sudden  conflagration  of  the  dry  prairie  grass. 


i82  [1822] 

great  difficulty  crossed  the  Neosho,  which  flowed 
with  the  rapidity  of  a  mill  race.  I  hired  some  In- 
dians to  swim  our  horses  and  goods  tied  up  in  buf- 
falo skins,  across,  while  we  followed,  some  swim- 
ming and  others  in  skin  boats  towed  by  men  and 
women  in  the  water.  I  was  ferried  over  by  two 
women  and  a  man,  the  former  swimming  with  cords 
between  their  teeth  attached  to  the  boat,  and  the  lat- 
ter pushing  behind,  by  which  means  I  was  safely 
landed  on  the  shore.  Here  I  found  a  new  party  of 
Indians,  who  while  our  party  was  crossing  the  river 
had  stolen  three  of  my  horses.  Continuing  our 
course  we  crossed  a  creek  on  a  raft  near  the  White- 
haired  village, ^^  which  was  deserted,  and  in  the  eve- 
ning of  the  third  day  after  passing  the  Neosho,  we 
crossed  the  Missouri  line.  Here  my  brother  ex- 
claimed,— "Thank  God  we  are  once  more  in  the 
United  States."  We  encamped  for  the  night,  and 
lay  down  in  fancied  security,  without  setting  a  guard, 

16  V^'^hite  Hair's  village  was  on  the  Neosho  River  near  the  north- 
east corner  of  Labette  County,  Kansas.  "Naniompa  (the  village  of 
the  pipe),  so  named  because  of  a  black  stone  in  the  neighborhood 
out  of  which  calumets  are  made,  consists  of  forty  five  to  fifty 
lodges.  Its  chief  is  the  old  White  Hair,  uncle  of  the  present  grand 
chief"  (Tixier).  Flint  {Ten  Years  in  the  Valley  of  the  Mississippi) 
tells  an  interesting  story  of  White  Hair's  presence  at  a  dinner  in  St. 
Louis,  and  how  he  acquired  the  name  of  Pawhuska,  or  White  Hair. 
*'He  was  supposed  to  have  derived  his  appelation  of  White  Hair 
from  a  grey  wig  or  scratch,  which  he  had  taken  from  the  head  of 
an  American  at  the  disastrous  defeat  of  General  St.  Clair.  He  had 
grasped  at  the  wig's  tail  in  the  melee  of  the  battle,  supposing  it  the 
man's  hair,  and  that  he  should  have  him  by  that  hold.  The  owner 
fled,  and  the  scratch  to  his  astonishment  remained  in  his  hand.  It 
instantly  became  in  his  mind  a  charmed  thing,  a  grand  medicine. 
Supposing  that  in  a  like  case  it  would  always  effect  a  like  deliver- 
ance, he  afterwards  wore  it,  as  a  charmed  thing  rudely  fastened  to 
his  scalp."     White  Hair  died  in  Vernon  County,  Missouri,  in  the 


[l822]  183 

and  In  the  morning  discovered  that  a  large  number 
of  the  horses  and  mules  had  been  stolen.  We  had 
not  seen  any  Indians  for  three  days,  but  had  been 
followed  by  the  prowling  Osages,  who  had  now  ef- 
fected their  designs  upon  us.  Thirty-eight  of  my 
best  horses  and  mules  were  missing.  We  followed 
the  thieves  to  the  White-haired  village,  and  found 
that  they  had  crossed  the  creek  on  our  rafts  and 
were  now  beyond  all  pursuit.  We  returned  and  pro- 
ceeded on  with  the  remains  of  my  drove.  Our  next 
stopping  place  was  Chouteau's  trading  house^^  on 
the  north  side  of  the  Osage  river,  about  six  miles 
from  our  last,  where  we  found  a  hospitable  reception 
from  the  French  traders.  McKnIght  and  I  went  to 
the  factory  or  Government  store  a  few  miles  above 
on  the  river,  where  we  saw  a  few  Indians,  the  factor, 
and  an  Interpreter,  who  advised  me  to  go,  or  send 
some  persons  back  to  Grand  River  for  my  horses 
where  they  would  probably  be  found.  I  hired  him 
and  an  Indian,  for  forty  dollars,  to  return  with  one 
of  my  men  to  recover  the  stolen  property.  In  a  few 
days  they  came  back  with  the  news  that  the  thieves 
had  hastened  on  towards  Clermont's  village^®  on  the 

latter  part  of  1825,  and  was  buried  on  the  Blue  Mound.  The  white 
human  wolves  in  the  neighborhood  broke  into  his  tomb  and  carried 
off  his  bones,  thinking,  perhaps,  that  the  association  might  make 
men  of  them. 

1^  This  was  Pierre  Chouteau's  trading  house,  the  business  of  which 
was  for  many  years  under  the  management  of  Pierre  Mellicourt 
Papin,  for  whom  Papinsville,  in  Bates  County,  Missouri,  was  named. 
The  trading  post  was  situated  near  that  place. 

1^  The  rivalry  of  Lisa  and  the  Chouteaus  for  the  trade  of  the 
Osages  caused  a  separation  in  the  nation  about  1802,  and  a  party 
headed  by  Clermont  {Manka-Chonkeh  or  le  Chien  Noir)  went  south- 


i84  [1822] 

Arkansas,  where  they  had  probably  concealed  my 
chattels.  Giving  them  up  for  lost,  I  returned  to 
Chouteau's  establishment  and  endeavored  to  obtain 
a  skiff  for  descending  the  river.  Most  of  my  remain- 
ing horses  were  sore  on  the  back  or  jaded  so  much 
as  to  be  unable  to  carry  any  burdens.  We  learned 
from  a  blacksmith  that  there  was  a  missionary  sta- 
tion on  the  river  a  few  miles  above,  where  a  good 
skiff  which  he  had  made,  could  be  procured.  The 
two  McKnights,  the  blacksmith,  and  myself,  went  up 
to  the  station,  where  we  found  a  small  village  of 
about  fifty  inhabitants,  old  and  young,  and  a  dozen 
houses.^^     A  fine  water  mill  was  going  up  on  the 

ward  and  established  two  villages,  one  known  as  la  Cheniere  (the 
Oaks)  and  the  other  as  Grosse-Cote  (Big  hill).  Clermont  was 
probably  a  chief  of  Chouteau's  making,  though  he  claimed  that  he 
was  so  by  hereditary  right  and  that  White  Hair  was  a  usurper. 
Clermont  was  said  to  possess  four  wives  and  thirty  seven  children. 
See  Nuttall,  p.  237.  Governor  Clark  writes  to  Secretary  Calhoun, 
Oct.,  18 18,  that  the  Osages  have  determined  to  unite  themselves  in 
one  village. 

19  "Great  Osage  Mission ;  situated  on  the  north  bank  of  the  Marais 
de  Cygne,  about  6  miles  above  its  entrance  into  the  Osage  River, 
and  about  80  miles  southwest  of  Fort  Osage.  Rev.  Nathaniel  B. 
Dodge,  Rev.  Benton  Pixley,  and  Rev.  Wm.  B.  Montgomery,  Mis- 
sionaries; V^^m.  N.  Belcher,  Physician  and  Surgeon;  and  Messrs. 
Daniel  H.  Austin,  Samuel  Newton,  Samuel  B.  Bright,  Otis  Sprague, 
and  Amasa  Jones,  Assistant  Missionaries.  At  this  station  there  is 
a  School  of  fifteen  Indian  children,  living  in  the  family."^  {Missouri 
Intelligencer,  27  March,  1824,  from  the  Amercian  Missionary  Reg- 
ister, January,  1824).  This  mission  was  usually  called  Harmony 
Mission,  and  was  situated  in  Bates  County,  Missouri.  For  a  de- 
scription of  it,  see  i  Houck's  History  of  Missouri,  pp.  i97-9- 

Harmony  Mission  was  visited  by  Irving  and  Latrobe  in  the  au- 
tumn of  1832,  and  the  latter  in  his  book.  The  Rambler  in  North 
America,  says, — "As  to  the  Missionaries  on  this  frontier,  my  general 
impression  was,  that  they  were  worthy  men;  rather  upright  than 
sound  in  their  views  for  the  civilization  and  moral  improvement  of 
the  tribes  among  whom  they  were  sent  to  labor;  and,  like  many  of 
their  brethren  all  over  the  world,  far  too  weak  handed  and  deficient 


[l822]  185 

opposite  or  south  side  of  the  river.     We  found  the 
owners  of  the  skiff,  related  to  them  our  wants  and 
misfortunes,  and  requested  the  privilege  of  buying 
their  skiff.     They  doubted  if  they  could  spare  the 
skiff.    We  went  down  to  the  river  and  examined  the 
subject  of  our  negotiation,  which  was  a  rough  made 
article,  of  the  value  in  St.  Louis  of  about  three  dol- 
lars.     "We  have   no   stuff  to  make   another  with, 
should  we  let  this  go,"  said  one  of  the  missionaries. 
"I  have  some  plank,"  said  the  blacksmith,  "the  same 
as  this  was  made  of,  that  you  may  have  to  make  an- 
other If  you  wish  it.      These  men,"    continued    he, 
"have  been  very  unfortunate,  and  by  letting  them 
have  the  skiff  you  will  do  an  act  of  charity.     They 
can't  travel  without  it,"  and  I  told  them  I  would 
give  any  reasonable  price  for  the  accommodation. 
"Well,  said  the  missionary,  what  would  you  be  will- 
ing   to    give?"      "Ten    dollars."      "Ho,    ho!— I 
couldn't  take  that  for  the  skiff,  even  if  I  could  spare 
it.     But  we  can't  let  it  go,  we  want  it  for  crossing 
the  river  to  the  mill.     I  v(e)ow  and  declare  I  can't 
spare  It."     "I  will  give  you  fifteen  dollars,"  said  I. 
"Oh  no,"  whined  the  philanthropist,   "we  couldn't 
take  that  little,  and  besides  I  have  no  nails  to  make 
another  with."     "I  will  make  nails  for  you  said  the 
blacksmith;   that  need  not  be   In  your  way,"    and 
again  the  benevolent  trader  was  headed.      "But  I 

in  worldly  wisdom  to  cope  effectually  with  the  difficulties  thrown  in 
their  way  by  the  straggling  but  powerful  community  of  traders, 
agents  and  adventurers  of  every  kind,  with  whom  they  must  be  as- 
sociated in  their  intercourse  with  the  Indians." 


i86  [1822] 

v(e)ow  I  don't  know  how  to  spare  It,"  said  he.     I 
then  offered  twenty  dollars  in  specie.     "Oh  no,"  said 
the  missionary,  "the  skiff  is  worth  more  than  that, 
but  I  don't  think  we  can  spare  it;"  and  here  the 
negotiation  ended,  my  companions  protesting  that  I 
had  offered  too  much  already.     We  went  up  to  the 
village  where  they  had  three  half-breed  children  un- 
der instruction,  and  these  were  all  their  pupils  or 
converts  whom  they  were  paid  by  the  Government 
to  instruct — truly  a  disinterested  company  of  men. 
Learning  that  we  had  arrived  from  Mexico,  a  num- 
ber of  them  gathered  around  us  with  many  questions 
concerning  that  country,  and  one  asked  If  they  were 
not  in  need   of  missionaries   In  that   country,    and 
whether  much  good  could  not  be  done  and  many 
converts  made   there.      Robert   McKnight   replied, 
"they  would  convert  you  Into  the  calaboose  d — nd 
quick.  If  you  were  to  go  among  them — you  had  bet- 
ter stay  here."     We  left  then,  shaking  the  dust  of 
the  town  from  our  feet  and  glad  to  get  rid  of  the 
canting  sharpers.     We  returned  to  the  trading  post, 
made  a  few  bark  canoes,  and  proceeded  down  the 
river;  part  of  our  company  being  in  the  canoes  and 
the  rest  afoot  with  the  horses  and  goods.     At  the 
mouth  of  the  Osage,  Rogers,  the  ferryman,  Informed 
us  that  at  the  village  of  Cote  Sans  Desans,  on  the 
opposite  side  of  the  Missouri,  I  could  procure  some 
perogues  of  the  French  inhabitants  there.     I  crossed 
over  to  the  village  and  purchased  a  canoe  and  pe- 
rogue  for  sixteen  dollars — loaded  them  with  goods, 
and  with  the  McKnights  I  hastened  forward  to  St. 
Louis.     The  rest  of  my  company  with  the  horses, 


[l822]  187 

joined  me  soon  afterwards.  I  here  heard  that  Glenn 
had  sold  out  his  fur  and  gone  to  Cincinnati.  As  I 
remarked  before,  he  has  been  among  the  missing  to 
me  ever  since.  His  note  I  will  sell  for  one  per  cent, 
on  the  principal. 

I  learned  on  the  morning  of  my  arrival  at  St. 
Louis,  that  Col.  Graham,'^  the  Indian  Agent,  had 
just  started  for  the  Osage  country,  to  pay  out  an- 
nuities to  the  Osages.  The  two  McKnights  pur- 
sued and  overtook  him — gave  him  a  written  state- 
ment of  my  losses  by  that  tribe,  and  claimed  compen- 
sation, which  he  undertook  to  get  for  me.  The 
Osages  delivered  up  twenty-seven  of  my  horses  and 
mules,  and  said  that  these  were  all  they  had  taken. 
The  agent  took  their  words  for  the  fact  against  the 
written  and  sworn  statements  of  the  McKnights, 
which  could  have  been  corroborated  by  the  oaths  of 
my  whole  company,  and  neglected  to  retain  the 
amount  of  what  they  had  cost  me  in  Santa  Fe,  which 

20  Richard  Graham  was  the  son  of  Richard  Graham,  a  Scotchman, 
who  settled  in  Virginia  in  1775,  and  there  married,  in  1776,  Jane 
Brent.  Richard  Graham,  the  son,  was  born  at  Dumfries,  Prince 
William  County,  16  March,  1780.  He  was  educated  at  the  Catholic 
College  at  Georgetown.  After  leaving  college  he  went  to  Kentucky, 
where  he  married  Miss  Fox.  Of  this  marriage  there  were  two  sons, 
one  of  whom  died  early,  the  other  entered  the  navy  and  died  in  the 
service.  This  son— John  Graham— married  Miss  Sarah  Selden  of 
Virginia,  daughter  of  Col.  Selden  U.  S.  A.,  and  their  daughter 
Fanny  married  the  late  Judge  John  V^ickham  of  St.  Louis. 
^  Richard  Graham  entered  the  U.  S.  Army  as  Captain  of  the  19th 
infantry,  and  was  promoted  to  be  Major  and  was  aide  de  camp  to 
Gen.  Harrison.  After  the  war  of  1813  he  resigned,  and  received  the 
appointment  of  Indian  Agent  with  headquarters  at  St.  Louis.  His 
first  wife  having  died  he  married,  in  1825,  Miss  Catherine  Mullan- 
phy  daughter  of  John  Mullanphy  of  St.  Louis.  By  this  marriage 
he  had  four  children— George,  Thomas  Biddle,  Jane  Brent,  and  Lily. 
Ihe  latter  married  Daniel  M.  Frost.  Major  Graham  bought  the 
property  near  Florissant  known  as  Hazelwood,  and  died  there  27 
July,  1857. 


i88  [1822] 

was  forty  dollars  each,  out  of  the  annuities  of  the 
Osages,  which  were  then  paid  in  money.  He  brought 
on  the  twenty-seven,  which  he  recovered,  as  far  as 
the  Osage  River  in  Missouri,  where  he  left  them,  at 
the  house  of  a  man  named  Rogers,  who  wrote  to  in- 
form me  in  the  winter  following  that  they  were  dying 
with  hunger.  Col.  Graham  turned  them  out  to  go 
at  large,  and  when  two  men  whom  I  sent  for  them, 
arrived,  only  sixteen  could  be  found.  Four  mules 
which  were  unable  to  travel  were  left,  and  only 
twelve  horses  and  mules  were  brought  back;  to  re- 
cover which  I  expended  much  more  than  their  value. 
The  agent,  Col.  Graham,  was  greatly  culpable  in 
not  retaining  the  whole  value  of  the  horses  stolen, 
out  of  the  annuities  of  the  Osages.  The  claim  was 
proved  and  might  and  ought  to  have  been  secured 
by  him. 

In  the  latter  part  of  July,  1822,  I  arrived  at  my 
home  in  Monroe  County,  Illinois,  after  an  absence 
of  fifteen  months.  I  was  supposed  to  be  dead  by 
many,  and  my  family  were  entertaining  the  most 
alarming  apprehensions  for  me.  The  husband  and 
the  father  only,  can  appreciate  the  joy  and  rejoicing 
which  my  coming  occasioned,  and  the  cordial  wel- 
come I  received.  After  the  hardships,  exposures 
and  wearing  anxieties  which  I  had  endured  for  more 
than  a  year,  I  needed  repose  and  relaxation,  and  I 
hoped  to  enjoy  them  for  a  short  time.  But  in  this 
hope  I  was  disappointed.  My  creditors  swarmed 
around  me  like  bees,  and  were  as  clamorous  as  a 
drove  of  hungry  wolves.  I  had  brought  from  Santa 
Fe  about  $2500,  the  sole  proceeds  of  my  stock  of 


[l822]  189 

$12,000,  with  which  I  had  left  St.  Louis  the  year 
before.  This  sum  I  immediately  paid  on  my  debts, 
and  offered  all  my  remaining  property  to  my  cred- 
itors; but  they  wanted  money.  The  Sheriff,  the  Mar- 
shal and  the  Constables  immediately  beset  me  on 
every  side,  and  seized  and  sold  almost  everything 
of  mine  that  was  levyable.  I  worked  and  struggled 
bravely  to  emerge  from  this  thick  cloud  of  difficul- 
ties. I  drove  a  mill  and  distillery,  and  fattened  a 
drove  of  hogs  for  which  I  could  find  no  sale.  The 
way  was  dark  before  me  and  I  found  more  real 
trouble  and  corroding  care  in  getting  out  of  debt 
than  I  had  experienced  among  the  savages.  Man  in 
civilized  society  frequently  requires  more  firmness  of 
mind,  constancy,  fortitude,  and  real  strength  of  char- 
acter than  in  the  most  critical  and  dangerous  crisis 
of  a  savage  state.  The  poor  man,  struggling  bravely 
against  an  accumulation  of  debt  and  difficulty,  I  have 
always  thought,  is  entitled  to  more  respect  than  the 
military  chieftain,  whose  courage  is  only  inflamed 
by  the  excitements  of  war  and  ambition.  Peace  has 
its  victories  as  well  as  war,  and  a  high  state  of 
civilization  as  it  has  stronger  temptations  to  evil  and 
higher  though  less  pressing  incitements  to  exertion, 
so  it  requires  more  energy  and  determined  resolution 
of  mind  than  any  other  condition  of  human  exist- 
ence. Many  a  brave  and  true  man  in  the  peaceful 
shades  of  private  life  will  receive  a  meed  of  honor 
equal  to  that  of 

"Great  men  battling  with  the  storms  of  fate 
And  greatly  falling  with  a  falling  State." 


CHAPTER  SIX 

Endeavors  to  Get  Out  of  Debt — Proposition  of  John  McKnight — 
Preparations  for  Another  Expedition — Journey  to  the  Arkansas 
— Ascent  of  the  Canadian  and  North  Fork — Hunting  Bears, 
Elks,  Etc. — Fort  Commenced — Conversation  With  McKnight, 
and  His  Departure  in  Search  of  Camanches — Continued  As- 
cent of  the  Canadian  North  Fork — A  New  Fort — Return  of 
Potter  and  Ivy — Robert  McKnight  Goes  Out  In  Search  of  His 
Brother — He  Returns  With  Indians — Charges  Them  With  the 
Murder  of  His  Brother — I  go  out  to  the  Camanche  Village — In- 
cidents There — A  Council — The  One-Eyed  Chief — ^The  Whole 
Band  Starts  for  the  Fort — A  Guard  Placed  Over  Me — Encamp- 
ment— The  One  Eyed  Adopts  Me  as  His  Brother — He  Changes 
My  Relations  With  His  Tribes — Catching  Wild  Horses — Ar- 
rival at  the  Fort — Fright  of  Some  "Brave"  Men — Trade — A 
Robbery — The  One  Eyed  Punishes  the  Thieves — Fate  of  John 
McKnight — Mourning  Stopped — Indian  Customs — A  Dance — A 
Case  of  Arbitration  by  the  One  Eyed — Indian  Horsemanship — 
Parting  With  the  Chiefs — Conversation  With  Alsarea — The 
Horse  Checoba — A  Bucephalus. 

SEEING  no  way  of  extricating  myself  from 
debt  by  any  regular  employment  at  home,  I 
cast  about  for  some  other  means  of  self  preserva- 
tion. John  McKnight,  who  was  to  me  a  true  and 
faithful  friend,  went  to  the  mlnes^  to  obtain  for  me 
a  lucrative  situation,  but  without  success.  He  then 
proposed  to  make  another  venture  among  the  Ca- 
manches, and  endeavor  to  obtain  from  them  the  ful- 
filment of  Cordaro's  promise  to  remunerate  my 
losses  among  his  countrymen.     McKnight  was  san- 

1  The  mines  here  referred  to  are  in  Washington  County,  Missouri, 
and  are  described  by  Schoolcraft  in  his  Fieivs  of  the  Lead  Mines  of 
Missouri,  1819. 

190 


[1822-1823]  191 

gulne  of  success,  and  I  fell  in  with  his  proposal.  We 
procured  goods  in  St.  Louis,  on  credit,  to  the  value 
of  $5500,  shipped  them  on  a  keel  boat,  and  the  two 
McKnights,  John  and  Robert,  with  eight  men, 
started  with  them  in  the  fall  of  1822  for  the  mouth 
of  the  Canadian,  where  I  was  to  meet  them  in  the 
winter  following.  I  went  by  land  to  the  place  of 
rendezvous,  with  a  company  of  twelve  men,  through 
the  towns  of  Batesville^  (now  Fredericktown),  St. 
Francisville,^  and  the  Cherokee  country,  and  joined 
McKnight  in  the  latter  part  of  February.  We  had 
five  horses  with  packs  and  travelled  the  whole  route 
afoot.  McKnight  had  awaited  us  about  six  weeks. 
We  found  him  with  the  boat  frozen  up,  about  four 
miles  above  the  Canadian,  on  the  north  side  of  the 
Arkansas  and  about  thirty  miles  below  Barbour's 
trading  house.  On  going  up  to  Barbour's  Mc- 
Knight and  I  found  that  he  had  secured  the  goods 
which  we  had  cached  on  the  island  above  in  my  for- 
mer trip;  but  that  the  flour  was  damaged  when  he 
took  it  down  to  his  house.  He  was  just  starting, 
when  we  arrived,  for  New  Orleans,  with  furs  and 
peltry  on  my  keel-boat,  which  I  had  left  with  him 

2  Batesville  was  named  for  Frederick  Bates,  Territorial  Secretary 
and,  frequently,  acting  governor  of  the  Louisiana  and  Missouri  Ter- 
ritory, and  governor  of  the  State  of  Missouri.  A  town  in  what  is 
now  Arkansas  being  given  the  same  name  at  about  the  same  time 
(in  honor  of  James  Woodson  Bates),  the  name  of  this  place  was 
changed  to  Fredericktown.  Its  site  adjoined  the  old  French  settle- 
ment of  St.  Michel's,  which  it  later  absorbed. 

3  There  is  no  record  of  any  town  in  this  part  of  the  State 
named  St.  Francisville.  The  place  referred  to  by  James  was  the 
settlement  in  the  neighborhood  of  St.  Francois  church,  which  was 
near  the  site  of  the  present  town  of  Greenville  in  Wayne  County. 


192  [1823] 

the  year  before,  and  he  promised  to  pay  me,  on  his 
return,  for  the  boat  and  goods.  I  never  saw  him 
again.  He  died  on  this  trip  in  New  Orleans.  The 
ice  being  now  gone,  and  our  boat  released,  we  pre- 
pared for  ascending  the  Canadian.  Robert  Mc- 
Knight  with  most  of  the  men,  descended  the  Arkan- 
sas with  the  boat,  to  enter  the  Canadian  four  miles 
below,  while  John,  who  was  seldom  separated  from 
me,  with  the  horses  and  a  few  men  crossed  the  point 
and  awaited  them.  After  joining  them  we  travelled 
in  sight  of  the  boat  till  we  passed  the  falls  about 
twenty-five  miles  from  the  mouth,  when  we  struck 
into  the  best  farming  country  I  had  ever  seen:  a 
beautiful  land  of  prairies  and  woods  in  fine  propor- 
tion. Below  the  falls  we  passed  a  very  salt  spring. 
Elk,  buffalo,  deer,  wild  turkeys  and  black  bears  were 
very  abundant,  and  we  fared  on  the  fat  of  the  land. 
The  soil  is  extremely  fertile,  judging  from  the  heavy 
grass  of  the  prairies  and  the  large  and  valuable  tim- 
ber of  the  woods,  which  were  composed  of  walnut, 
ash,  hackberry,  spice,  pawpaw,  and  oaks  of  a  very 
heavy  growth  and  of  every  species.  The  Canadian 
is  very  crooked  and  bounded  by  extensive  bottoms. 
After  travelling  five  days  through  this  fine  region, 
we  struck  the  North  Fork  of  the  Canadian  at  its 
mouth.  This  river,  like  the  other,  is  exceedingly 
crooked,  and  numerous  rapids  greatly  obstruct  its 
navigation.  Our  ascent  was  slow  and  difl^cult,  and 
the  boat  twice  stopped  at  night  within  a  hundred 
yards  of  our  encampment  of  the  night  before,  owing 
to  the  irregular  course  of  the  stream.     Our  progress 


[i823] 


193 


in  the  boat  was  at  length  stopped  entirely  by  a  rapid 
which  we  could  not  ascend.     We  made  fast  the  boat 
to  trees  with  strong  ropes,  put  our  bear  and  deer 
skins  Into  it,  and  buried  the  heaviest  hardware  in  the 
ground,  where  it  remains  probably  to  this  day,  as  I 
never  returned  to  its  place  of  concealment.  We  made 
three  perogues,   into  which  we  put  our  remaining 
goods  except  such  as  could  be  packed  on  the  horses, 
and  with  them,  we  continued  our  ascent  of  the  Ca- 
nadian North  Fork.     Game  of  every  kind  known  to 
the  country  was  extremely  plenty.    We  killed  on  this 
and  the  main  river  about  twenty  black  bears,  all  of 
which  we  found  in  the  hollow  of  trees  where  they 
had  remained  in  a  torpid  state  all  winter.     In  one 
tree  four  were  found,  a  she  and  three  yearling  cubs, 
which  the  men  killed  with  axes,   after  felling  the 
tree  and  stopping  up  the  top  to  prevent  their  escape. 
After  proceeding  with  our  perogues  about  ten  days 
the  game  became  scarce  and  the  company  began  to 
suffer  from  want  of  food.     We  stopped  and  all  sal- 
lied out  to  hunt:  the  first  day    furnished    but    one 
wild  turkey.     The  second  and  third  days  produced 
nothing  more,  the  turkey  subsisting  us  all  for  three 
days.  ^  John  McKnight  and  I  then  went  about  ten 
miles  in  search  of  game,  and  found  a  bear's  track, 
but  our  pursuit  of  the  bear  was  unsuccessful.     Re- 
turning by  a  different  route  from  that  by  which  we 
came,  we  described  a  herd  of  elk,  lying  down  In  the 
prairie.     We  crept  on  our  hands  and  knees  In  the 
short  grass  to  within  two  hundred  yards  of  them, 
when    one  discovered  us,    leaped  up,  snorted    and 


194 


[i823] 


brought  the  rest  to  their  feet.  I  instantly  fired  and 
wounded  one,  which  we  found  and  killed,  and  re- 
turned with  a  part  of  the  meat  to  our  companions, 
who  were  feasting  on  a  wild  horse.  In  the  morn- 
ing after  bringing  in  the  remainder  of  my  elk,  we 
pursued  our  journey  and  in  a  few  days  the  game,  be- 
came plentiful.  We  had  hitherto  travelled  through 
a  very  fertile  and  beautiful  country,  which  will  in  a 
few  years  teem  with  a  dense  population.  The  prairies 
are  interspersed  with  valuable  woodland,  and  will 
make  as  fine  a  farming  country  as  any  in  the  Union. 
We  now  reached  the  vast  and  sterile  prairie  west  of 
the  Cross-Timbers,*  through  the  northern  end  of 
which  we  had  passed,  and  we  commenced  our  jour- 
ney over  the  boundless  plains  beyond  them.  This 
is  the  region  designated  on  the  maps  as  the  Great 
American  Desert,  though  it  is  very  different  from 

4  The  Cross  Timbers.  "The  immense  western  prairies  are  bor- 
dered for  hundreds  of  miles  on  their  eastern  side  by  a  narrow  belt 
of  forest  land  well  known  to  hunters  and  trappers  under  the  above 
name.  The  course  of  this  range  is  nearly  north  and  south,  with  a 
width  ranging  from  thirty  to  fifty  miles.  The  growth  of  the  timber 
is  principally  small,  gnarled  post  oaks  and  black  jacks;  and  in  many 
places  the  traveller  will  find  an  almost  impenetrable  undergrowth 
of  brier  and  other  thorny  bushes.  Here  and  there  he  will  also  find 
a  small  valley  where  the  timber  is  large  and  the  land  rich  and  fer- 
tile, and  occasionally  a  small  prairie  intervenes;  but  the  general 
face  of  the  country  is  broken  and  hilly,  and  the  soil  thin.  On  the 
eastern  side  of  the  cross  timbers  the  country  is  varied  by  small 
prairies  and  clumps  of  woodland,  while  on  the  western  all  is  a  per- 
fect ocean  of  prairie.  The  belt,  therefore,  for  whatever  purpose  it 
may  have  been  fashioned  by  the  Great  Creator  of  all  things,  ap- 
pears to  be  an  immense  natural  hedge  dividing  the  woodlands  of  the 
settled  portions  of  the  United  States  from  the  open  prairies  which 
have  ever  been  the  home  and  hunting  ground  of  the  red  man." 
Kendall,  Narrative  of  the  Texan  Santa  Fe  Expedition,  Vol.  i,  p.  no. 
The  cross  timbers  extended  from  about  latitude  36°  30'  to  33°  30. 
See  map  in  Gregg's  Commerce  of  the  Prairies,  Vol.  i. 


[1823]  19^ 

those  plains  of  sand  in  the  Old  World  which  bear 
that  name.  A  short  grass  grows  here,  but  no  tim- 
ber except  the  cotton-wood  and  willows  in  the  bends 
of  the  rivers.  Our  path  had  before  lain  through 
fine  groves  of  oak,  walnut,  and  ash  as  we  issued 
from  one  prairie  and  entered  another,  but  now  one 
vast  plain  extending  on  all  sides  to  the  horizon,  pre- 
sented no  object  to  relieve  the  vision. 

We  soon  discovered  trails  of  Indians  and  came 
upon  a  deserted  camp  of  what  seemed  a  Camanche 
war  party  about  five  hundred  strong.     As  we  pro- 
ceeded,   the    Indian    ''sign"    increased.      We    next 
struck  an  Osage  camp,  also  deserted,  which  seemed 
to  have  been  made  a  few  weeks  before  by  a  war 
party  or  a  horse  stealing  party  of  Osages  on  their 
route    northward    from    a    plundering    expedition 
agamst  the  Camanches.     The  country,  as  we  pro- 
ceeded,  became  more  and  more  sterile,   the  grass 
shorter  and  the  timber  on  the  river  banks  smaller 
and    more    scarce    than    before.    Travelhng    on, 
through  a  country  nearly  destitute  of  vegetation,  in 
about  ten  days  after  passing  the  Osage  camp,  we 
arrived  at  the  place  of  encampment  of  an  immense 
Indian  force  in  the  summer  previous,  as  we  judged 
from  the  signs  on  the  ground.     The  river  had  now 
become  too   shallow  to  be  navigated   any   further 
without  great  difficulty,  even  by  perogues.    Here  we 
stopped  and  commenced  the  building  of  a  Fort.  One 
of  the  men,  now  a  near  neighbor  of  mine,  Justus 
Varnum,*^  had  taken  a  cold,  so  severe  that  it  affected 

4a  In   August,    1825,   Justus   Varnum   was    indicted    in     Monroe 
County,  Illinois,  for  challenging  Isaac  Clark  to  fight  a  duel.    Bad 


196  [1823] 

his  hip  and  back  and  prevented  him  from  walking. 
He  was  conveyed  up  the  river  in  a  perogue  for  sev- 
eral weeks  previous  to  our  stopping,  and  he  had  to 
be  carried  every  night  in  a  blanket  from  the  boat 
to  the  fires  of  the  camp,  and  back  again  to  the  boats 
in  the  morning.  One  of  the  men,  when  we  had 
stopped  to  build  a  Fort,  killed  a  large  rattlesnake 
with  the  entire  bodies  of  two  prairie  dogs,  larger 
than  squirrels,  contained  within  the  stomach  of  his 
snakeship.  I  advised  Varnum  to  try  out  the  oil  of 
the  snake  and  rub  it  on  his  joints  as  a  remedy.  He 
applied  the  oil  as  I  recommended,  and  in  conse- 
quence became  so  limber  and  supple  as  to  render 
walking  painful  to  him,  when  I  told  him  to  stop  the 
appHcations.  I  have  frequently  tried  the  same  rem- 
edy for  stiffness  of  the  joints  and  think  it  might  be 
of  service  in  rheumatism. 

The  Fort  being  nearly  completed,  I  proposed  to 
go  out  with  two  men  and  find  the  Camanches,  in 
whose  country  we  then  were,  and  who,  we  supposed 
from  the  "signs"  around  us,  could  not  be  very  dis- 
tant. John  McKnight  objected  to  my  going  out, 
saying  that  he  or  I  must  remain  with  the  men  and 
superintend  the  building  of  the  Fort,  as  his  brother 
Robert  could  not  govern  the  company.  "You, 
James,"  said  he,  "have  a  family.  I  have  none,  and 
therefore  I  can  better  afford  to  lose  my  Hfe  than 

blood,  caused  by  a  law  suit  about  the  right  to  some  property  was 
the  cause.  After  some  time  the  case  against  Varnum  was  dismissed 
without  a  trial.  There  were  several  persons  of  the  name  of  Varnum 
in  the  county. 


[1823]  197 

you.  As  we  cannot,  both  of  us  go,  you  must  re- 
main." At  his  urgent  soHcitation,  I  acquiesced, 
though  unwilHngly,  in  this  arrangement,  and  agreed 
with  him  in  the  event  of  the  river's  rising  before  we 
finished  the  Fort,^  to  put  the  goods  in  the  perogues, 
and  ascend  the  stream  a  hundred  miles,  after  leaving 
a  letter  for  him  in  a  certain  part  of  the  Fort.  I 
wished  to  get  into  the  heart  of  the  Camanche  country 
with  my  goods,  where  I  would  sooner  be  able  to 
open  a  trade  with  the  nation.  McKnight  departed 
according  to  our  arrangement  towards  the  South,  in 
company  with  Potter,  Ivy  and  Clark,  the  last  of 
whom  was  an  obstinate,  disaffected  man,  and  went 
against  the  desire  of  McKnight.  He,  poor  fellow, 
never  returned.  He  found  a  soldier's  death  and  a 
brave  man's  grave  from  the  hands  of  the  Camanche 
warriors.  He  was  my  friend — faithful  and  true  to 
me — and  I  mourned  his  loss  as  that  of  one  whose 
place  could  never  be  supplied  to  me  or  to  society. 
I  learned  soon  after  this,  the  probable  circumstances 
attending  his  death.  A  few  days  after  McKnight 
left  us,  a  heavy  rain  fell,  causing  the  river  to  rise, 
and  we  thereupon  abandoned  the  Fort  about  half 
completed,  and  with  our  perogues  and  goods  as- 
cended about  the  distance  agreed  upon,  where  the 
low  water  stopped  our  further  progress.  We  en- 
camped and  commenced  a  Fort  in  an  excellent  posi- 
tion where  the  timber  was  abundant.    We  proceeded 

5  James'  Fort  was  in  what  is  now  Blaine  County,  Oklahoma.  For 
mention  of  it  by  Gregg,  see  2  Commerce  of  the  Prairies,  p.  24.  Gregg 
gave  the  place  the  name  Spring  Valley. 


198  [1823] 

in  building  the  Fort  as  expeditiously  as  possible,  and 
with  great  labor  soon  completed  it  and  a  trading 
house,  surrounded  by  stockades  and  defended  by  our 
swivel,  which  we  mounted  on  wheels  in  an  angle  of 
the  Fort.  Before  this,  however,  Potter  and  Ivy  re- 
turned with  the  news  that  on  the  ninth  day  after 
their  departure  they  fell  in  with  Camanches  and 
were  conducted  to  one  of  their  principal  villages, 
(the  bands  in  camp  are  called  by  that  name),  and 
that  McKnight  called  a  counsel  with  their  Chiefs, 
but  could  not,  for  want  of  an  interpreter,  make  him- 
self well  understood:  Potter  knowing  less  of  the  lan- 
guage than  was  supposed.  McKnight  then  gave 
them  to  understand  that  he  had  a  good  interpreter 
in  Spanish,  referring  to  his  brother  Robert,  and  re- 
quested leave  to  return  to  us  for  him,  in  company 
with  one  man.  The  Indians  permitted  him  to  start 
alone  and  kept  the  remaining  three  as  hostages.  They 
gave  him  five  days  for  his  journey  to  our  camp  and 
back  to  them,  and  he  left  them  with  the  promise  to 
return  on  the  fifth  day.  After  his  departure,  Clark 
made  known  to  them  by  signs  that  McKnight's  com- 
pany had  many  guns  and  a  cannon.  This  excited 
their  fears  and  they  gave  evident  symptoms  of 
alarm.  On  the  same  day  a  party  of  Indians  came 
in,  as  from  a  hunt,  and  the  Americans  were  told  that 
two  Camanches  of  their  village  had  just  been  killed 
by  Osages.  The  whole  army  then  decamped  and  re- 
moved fifteen  miles  further  south.  The  three  pris- 
oners heard  moaning  and  lamentation  for  the  de- 
ceased in  two  lodges,  during  the  whole  night.     For 


[1823]  199 

seven  days  they  were  kept  awaiting  McKnight,  when 
the  Indians  upbraided  them  with  his  failure  and  pre- 
tended treachery,  but  permitted  Potter  and  Ivy  to 
go  out  for  the  Spanish  Interpreter.  They  came  in 
much  surprised  that  McKnight  had  not  appeared. 
I  Instantly  conjectured  his  fate.  A  man  sent  by  me 
down  to  the  unfinished  Fort,  returned  with  the  in- 
formation that  the  letter  I  had  left,  was  still  there. 
Robert  McKnight  returned  with  Potter  and  Ivy  to 
the  Camanche  village,  and  here  he  charged  the  In- 
dians with  the  murder  of  his  brother.  His  conduct 
among  them  was  like  a  mad  man's,  storming  and 
raging  with  no  regard  to  consequences.  At  length 
they  were  persuaded,  on  the  assurance  that  I  was  at 
the  Fort,  to  send  out  forty  mounted  warriors,  with 
McKnight,  while  the  rest  remained  as  hostages.  On 
the  third  day  after  Robert  McKnight  went  out,  I 
saw  an  Indian  on  a  mound,  surveying  our  encamp- 
ment. I  hoisted  the  flag  and  fired  the  swivel,  when 
he  was  soon  joined  by  others,  all  splendidly  mounted 
on  the  best  of  horses,  and  I  noticed  Robert  Mc- 
Knight on  a  mule  In  their  midst,  and  guarded.  They 
stopped  on  the  hill  as  If  waiting  for  a  parley  with 
us,  and  I  took  my  pistols,  placed  a  plume  in  my  hat, 
and  went  out  to  them.  McKnight  pointed  me  to 
their  Chief,  who  was  a  Towash,®  and  whom  I  in- 

^Towash  (Ta-we-hash),  a  principal  tribe  of  the  Wichita  Confed- 
eracy were  of  Caddoan  stock,  and  of  the  same  blood  as  the  Paw- 
nees. The  French  called  them  Pani  Picque  (tatooed  Pawnees),  and 
Black  Pawnees.  The  Towashes,  at  the  time  of  James'  expedition, 
lived  in  northern  Texas  and  southern  Oklahoma,  in  the  neighbor- 
hftod  of  the  junction  of  the  Red  and  Wichita  rivers.  They  were  a 
sedentary  and  agricultural  people,  but  at  times  yielded  to  the  temp- 


200  [1823] 

vlted  Into  the  Fort.  He  advanced  with  his  band 
very  cautiously  and  when  within  two  hundred  yards 
of  the  Fort  alighted  and  walked  around  to  the  river 
bank,  looking  for  some  traces  of  the  Osages.  Find- 
ing none,  but  still  suspicious,  he  entered  the  Fort 
and  examined  every  nook  and  corner  of  it,  and  then 
looked  at  my  goods.  He  appeared  satisfied  and 
called  to  his  company,  who  rode  up ;  but  before  they 
would  enter  the  Fort  they  searched  up  and  down  the 
river  bank  for  vestiges  of  their  enemies.  I  enter- 
tained them  with  boiled  buffalo  meat,  and  while  they 
were  eating  I  enquired  of  McKnight  if  Big  Star  was 
at  the  village.  He  said  no,  and  that  these  were  an- 
other tribe  whom  I  had  not  seen  before.  I  re- 
marked to  him  that  I  recognized  one  Indian  among 
them,  whom  I  had  certainly  seen  before,  and  had 
endeavored  to  hire  as  an  interpreter,  at  the  village 
where  we  were  robbed  in  my  former  trip.  His  name 
said  I  is  Whon  (from  the  Spanish  John  [Juan] ) .  As 
I  mentioned  his  name  the  Indian  raised  his  head, 
looked  at  me  and  instantly  cast  his  eyes  on  the 
ground.  The  Chief  asked  the  interpreter  what  I 
said,  and  on  hearing  it,  asked  me  where  I  had  seen 
Whon,  When  I  had  told  him  of  our  former  ac- 
quaintance, he  and  Whon  conversed  together  a  mo- 
ment, when  Whon  arose  and  threw  his  arms  around 

tation  to  follow  the  buffalo.  The  only  member  of  the  tribe  recorded 
in  St.  Louis  was  a  woman  by  the  name  of  Careche-Caranche  whom 
Jean  Marie  Cardinal  (for  whom  Cardinal  Avenue  is  named)  brought 
home  with  him,  and  to  whom  he  was  married  at  the  old  Cathedral 
30  May,  1776;  their  eight  children  were  baptised  on  the  same  day. 
Descendants  of  this  couple  are  still  living  in  Missouri. 


[1823]  201 

my  neck  and  asked  In  Spanish  how  I  had  been.  Mc- 
Knight  asked  why  he  had  not  spoken  to  him  in 
Spanish  as  he  spoke  it  so  well.  He  said  he  had 
come  to  see  if  I  was  really  the  man  spoken  of  by 
John  McKnight  and  that  he  had  been  commanded 
not  to  speak  Spanish  or  let  us  know  who  he  was. 
John  McKnight  had  told  them  as  plainly  as  he  could 
by  Potter,  that  I  had  visited  their  country  the  year 
before,  and  had  now  returned  because  I  had  prom- 
ised Cordaro  that  I  would  do  so,  for  the  purpose  of 
trading  with  them.  The  Chief  now  told  me  that 
the  nation  would  not  come  to  the  Fort  to  trade,  on 
account  of  the  Osages,  and  I  agreed  to  go  with  them 
in  the  morning  with  goods  to  their  village.  Mc- 
Knight proposed  in  the  night  to  put  all  the  goods 
into  the  boats  and  escape  down  the  river,  as  they  had 
undoubtedly  killed  his  brother  and  might  do  the  same 
deed  upon  us  all.  He  was  an  impulsive,  passionate 
man,  with  but  little  cool  reflection.  His  courage  in 
the  midst  of  danger  was  of  the  highest  order  and 
perfectly  unyielding,  but  he  was  unfit  for  a  leader  or 
guide  in  critical  situations,  requiring  coolness  and 
presence  of  mind.  I  refused  to  attempt  an  escape 
as  utterly  impracticable,  and  the  height  of  Injustice 
to  the  men  who  were  in  custody  with  the  Camanches. 
In  the  morning  I  started  alone  with  four  mules 
loaded  with  goods  and  escorted  by  the  Indians  under 
Alsarea,  for  the  village,  where  we  arrived  in  the 
evening  and  were  met  by  the  head  Chief  about  two 
miles  from  the  town.  He  appeared  friendly  and 
took  the  goods  and  deposited  them  in  his  lodge.  Pot- 


202 


[i823] 


ter  and  the  other  hostages  were  all  In  safety  and 
had  been  well  treated.  They  Informed  me  that  my 
old  and  formidable  enemy  the  One-Eyed  Chief  was 
in  the  village.  On  the  next  morning,  I  prepared  for 
trading  by  making  presents  according  to  custom,  of 
knives,  tobacco,  cloths  for  breech  garments,  &c., 
which,  though  a  large  heap  when  together,  made  a 
small  appearance  when  divided  among  all  this  band. 
The  trade  then  began.  They  claimed  twelve  articles 
for  a  horse.  I  made  four  yards  of  British  strouding 
at  $5.50  per  yard  and  two  yards  of  calico  at  62j4 
cents  to  count  three,  and  a  knife,  flint,  tobacco,  look- 
ing-glass, and  other  small  articles  made  up  the  com- 
plement. They  brought  to  me  some  horses  for 
which  I  refused  the  stipulated  price.  They  then 
produced  others,  which  were  really  fine  animals, 
worth  at  least  $100  each  In  St.  Louis.  I  bought 
seventeen  of  these,  but  would  not  take  any  more  at 
the  same  price,  the  rest  being  inferior.  The  refusal 
enraged  the  Chief,  who  said  I  must  buy  them,  and 
on  my  persisting  In  my  course,  drove  away  the  In- 
dians from  around  me,  and  left  me  alone.  After  a 
short  time  he  returned  with  a  request  that  1  should 
buy  some  buffalo  and  beaver  skins,  to  which  I  ac- 
ceded. He  went  away  and  the  woman  soon  returned 
with  the  fur  and  skins,  of  which  I  bought  a  much 
larger  quantity  than  I  wished  then  to  have  on  my 
hands.  The  Chief  again  came  up  and  drove  away 
all  my  women  customers,  and  I  was  again  left  alone 
with  the  three  who  had  come  with  McKnight.  No 
Indian  came  near  me  for  the  rest  of  the  day,  and  I 


[1823]  203 

sauntered  around  the  village  and  amused  myself  as 
well  as  I  could  till  night-fall.     During  this  time  and 
most  of  the  night  before,  I  had  heard  moaning,  la- 
mentations and  weeping  from  two  lodges  in  the  out- 
skirts of  the  village,  on  account  of  the  two  Indians, 
killed,  their  countrymen  said,  by  Osages,  but  who 
undoubtedly  met  their  death  from    the    hands    of 
John  McKnight,  fighting  desperately  in  his  own  de- 
fence.    In  the  evening  the  old  Chief  in  whose  lodge 
I  staid,  entered  my  tent  with  five  old  Indians,  and 
all  with  a  grave  and  solemn  air  sat  themselves  down 
in  silence.     The  Chief,  who  was  a  little,    low    flat 
headed  and  simple  looking  old  man,  soon  arose,  took 
a  pipe  which  he  filled  with  tobacco  and  presented  it 
to  each  of  his  companions  in  succession.    He  passed 
me  by  unnoticed  and  all  regarded  me  with  lowering 
brows.     This  I  knew  portended  evil,  and  I  feared 
the  worst.     After  they  had  all  smoked,  the  Chief 
made  them  a  speech  in  Camanche,  which  I  knew 
nothing  of,  and  then  turned  to  me    and    spoke    in 
Spanish  fluently.      I  understood    perfectly,      every 
word  he  uttered  and  heard  him  with  intense  interest. 
He  asked  when  I  was  going  away.     I  replied  that  I 
was  an  American  and  had  come  from  my  own  coun- 
try, a  great  distance,  to  trade  with  his  people,  be- 
cause I  had  promised  the  Chief  Cordaro  the  year 
before  that  I  would  come;  that  I  had  done  accord- 
ing to  my  promise  and  brought  them  guns,  powder, 
knives,  tomahawks,  and  other  things  which  I  knew 
his  people  wanted.     The  Chief  rephed  that  they  did 
not  want  to  trade,  but  wished  me  to  go  immediately 


204  [i8233 

out  of  their  country.     "We  are  going  to  the  Nacha- 
toshauwa  (Red  River),  and  you  must  leave  us."     I 
offered  to  accompany  them.     "No,  no,  said  he,  our 
meat  is  scarce,  the  game  is  scarce ;  you  must  not  go ; 
away!  away!  (waving  his  hand)  go  out  of  our  coun- 
try."   I  felt  that  my  fate  and  that  of  my  men  rested 
with  this  council,  and  that  as  they  arose  friendly  or 
hostile,  should  we  live  or  die  the  death  of  John  Mc- 
Knight.     This  old  Chief  evidently    wished    me    to 
start  on  my  way  back  to  the  Fort,  and  intended  then 
to  pursue  me  with  his  warriors  and  make  my  scalp 
and  goods  the  prizes  of  the  race  or  the  spoil  of  the 
battle.     I  concealed  all  alarm  in  my  demeanor,  and 
reaching  back  as  I  sat  to  a  tobacco  keg,  I  broke  off 
twelve  plugs,  and  took  out  of  a  box  six  wampums, 
which  are  strings  of  long  beads,  variously  colored, 
and  greatly  prized  by  the  Indians.     I  then  took  out 
my  calama  or  Indian  pipe,  and  slowly  filled  it  with 
tobacco,  saying  in  an  under  tone  and  a  musing  man- 
ner, as  if  speaking  to  myself  as  much  as  to  them,  I 
shall  have  to  go  back  to  my  own  country  after  com- 
ing all  this  distance  to  trade  with  my  red  brethren, 
and  when  I  tell  the  people  of  my  nation  how  our  red 
brothers  have  treated  me,  they  will  never  come  into 
this  country.  I  have  brought  every  thing  that  my  red 
brothers  want  for  war  or  for  peace,  guns  and  pow- 
der and  ball,  and  clothes  for  their  women,  and  now 
they  are  driving  me  out  of  their  country  like  a  spy 
or  a  thief,  instead  of  a  friend  and  brother  as  I  am. 
When  I  had  lighted  the  pipe,  I  presented  it  with  one 
hand  and  the  two  plugs  of  tobacco  and  a  wampum 


[1823]  205 

with  the  other,  to  the  Chief,  saying  to  him,  this  is 
better  than  you  can  get  from  the  Spaniards.  I  well 
knew  the  sacredness  of  this  offer,  and  that  the  In- 
dian dare  not  offend  the  Great  Spirit  by  refusing  a 
present  of  tobacco  and  wampum,  even  from  his  bit- 
terest enemy.  The  Chief  hesitated  long,  but  at  last 
slowly  raised  his  hand,  took  my  presents  and  smoked 
the  pipe.  Giving  one  puff  to  the  skies,  one  to  the 
earth,  two  to  the  winds  and  waters  on  the  right  and 
left,  and  then  a  few  whiffs  on  his  own  and  our  ac- 
counts, he  returned  the  pipe  to  me.  In  the  same 
manner  I  presented  it  to  an  old  Indian  who  sat  be- 
side him,  and  who  kept  his  head  down  and  his  eyes 
shut.  I  held  the  presents  close  to  his  face  for  some 
time,  when  the  Chief  spoke  to  him,  and  he  slowly 
raised  his  hand  without  looking  up,  took  the  pres- 
ents, smelled  of  the  tobacco,  pressed  it  to  his  heart 
and  raised  his  head  with  a  smile.  The  white  man 
had  gained  the  ascendant.  The  scene  changed  and 
all  was  friendly  welcome  where  before  was  nothing 
but  menacing  and  frowning  coldness.  All  the  others 
now  received  my  presents  and  we  smoked  out  the  pipe 
in  the  friendship  and  confidence  of  brothers.  The 
Chief  then  very  earnestly  asked  me  if  I  had  seen  the 
Osages.  I  said,  I  have  not,  but  you  know  that  this 
is  their  hunting  ground  and  they  may  be  in  the  coun- 
try. They  said  they  knew  this,  and  some  further 
conversation  established  our  intimacy  on  a  firm  foot- 
ing. The  Chief  then  went  out  into  the  village  and 
proclaimed  in  a  loud  voice  that  all  should  prepare  to 
go  next  morning,  over  to  the  Canadian,  to  trade  with 


2o6  [1823] 

the  Tabbahoes,  their  white  friends.  Before  this  we 
were  called  Americanos,  which  was  a  less  familiar 
and  friendly  appellation  than  the  former.  The  proc- 
lamation was  continued  by  the  herald  on  horseback 
till  late  at  night,  each  sentence  ending  with  Tabba- 
hoes. "Get  up  your  horses  and  make  ready  to  go 
over  to  the  white  man's  and  trade  with  the  Tabba- 
hoes. They  have  come  a  great  way  and  brought  us 
many  good  things — the  Tabbahoes  are  good."  This 
was  loudly  sounded  before  my  lodge,  and  through- 
out the  village  all  was  preparation,  joy  and  glad- 
ness. 

About  sundown  Potter  entered  our  lodge  with  the 
greatest  alarm  depicted  in  his  countenance,  and  gave 
me  a  gun  barrel  which  the  One  Eyed  Chief  had  just 
thrown  down  before  him,  and  told  him  to  carry  to 
me.  This  was  the  last  man  on  earth  that  I  desired 
to  see,  for  I  regarded  him  my  most  deadly  and  most 
dangerous  enemy,  who  had  probably  killed  John  Mc- 
Knight  and  was  now  seeking  my  blood.  I  asked 
Potter  what  else  he  said,  and  as  he  answered,  "noth- 
ing more,"  he  looked  out  and  exclaimed,  "there  he  is 
now,  sitting  on  his  horse.  What  shall  I  say  to  him?" 
I  walked  out  to  my  old  enemy  and  offered  my  hand. 
He  took  it  with  a  steady  and  piercing  look  into  my 
very  soul;  I  returned  his  glance  with  an  air  of  calm 
consideration  and  requested  him  to  alight  and  enter 
my  lodge.  He  did  so,  after  dehvering  his  horse  to 
a  bystander.  In  the  lodge  I  motioned  to  him  to  be 
seated  on  a  heap  of  skins.  He  sat  down  in  silence 
and  deep  gravity.    I  lighted  and  smoked  out  the  pipe 


[1823]  .  207 

with  him  in  utter  silence,  and  then  took  a  silver  gor- 
get or  breast-plate,  and  with  a  ribbon  attached  I  hung 
it  around  his  neck  and  placed  two  silver  arm  bands 
just  above  the  elbows,  and  two  upon  his  wrists.   The 
warrior  submitted  to  all  this    in    passive    and    ab- 
stracted silence,  as  if  unconscious  of  what  I  was  do- 
ing.    I  then  put  two  plugs  of  tobacco,  a  knife  and 
wampum,  in  his  lap,  while  he  preserved  the  rigid  and 
inflexible  appearance  of  a  statue.   I  again  hghted  the 
pipe  and  smoked  with  him,  when  he  arose,  without 
a  word,  went  out,  and  rode  off  with  great  rapidity. 
In  the  morning,  all  was  confusion  and  busy  activ- 
ity in  the  village,  and  one  half  of  the  band  started 
for  the  Fort  before  me.     I  followed  with  the  three 
men,  and  without  a  guard.     In    crossing    a    creek 
near  the  village,  a  horse  became  entangled  and  I  told 
the  men  to  hasten  on  and  take  care  of  the  goods, 
while  I  loosened  the  horse,  which  I  did,  and  on  cross- 
ing the  creek  found  sixty  men  drawn  up  in  two  lines 
on  either  side  and  who  closed  around  me  as  I  ap- 
proached them.     I  asked  the  Chief — who  was  Ala- 
sarea,  the  Towash — what  he  meant  by  this  conduct. 
^^Kesh,  Kesh,  kinsable/^  said  he,  "stop,    stop;    who 
knows  but  you  are  taking  us  over  to  your    Fort   to 
have  us  all  killed  by  the  Osages?"    I  asked  him  if  he 
ever  knew  me  to  lie.     He  said  he  had  not,  but  he 
knew  that  the  Spaniards  were  great  liars.    That  may 
be  said  I,  but  the  Americans  never  lie.    "I  do  not 
know  the  Americans,"  said  he,  "but  I  know  that  the 
Spaniards  are  great  liars."     I    then    reiterated    my 
bold  assertion  of  American  veracity  and  said,  "when 


2o8  [1823] 

your  tribe  robbed  me  on  the  South  Fork  and  I  prom- 
ised to  visit  your  village  on  the  Canadian  and  trade 
with  you,  did  I  not  go  as  I  promised?"  "Yes,"  said 
the  Chief.  "And  when  Cordaro  came  to  see  me  in 
Santa  Fe,  I  promised  him  to  go  home  and  return 
with  goods  this  year  to  your  country.  You  know 
this,  and  have  I  not  performed  my  promise?"  "Yes 
you  have,"  he  said,  and  asked  if  I  had  not  seen 
Osages.  I  told  him  I  had  not.  With  my  words  he 
appeared  but  partially  satisfied  and  reluctantly  pro- 
ceeded with  me  under  a  strong  guard,  but  promised 
that  my  mules,  horses,  and  goods,  should  be  secured. 
In  this  manner  I  travelled  all  day,  during  which  time 
the  One  Eyed  spoke  not  a  word  to  me.  Late  in  the 
evening  we  crossed  the  Canadian  and  encamped  on 
the  bank.  I  was  marched  to  the  head  Chiefs  lodge, 
where  I  found  the  men  at  liberty  and  my  horses,  &c., 
in  good  order.  I  went  into  the  lodge  to  prepare  for 
passing  the  night  as  comfortably  as  possible,  and 
was  engaged  in  looking  at  my  goods,  when  my  en- 
emy the  One  Eyed  rode  up  and  to  my  surprise  ad- 
dressed me  fluently  in  the  Spanish  language.  This 
was  the  first  time  he  had  ever  spoken  to  me.  The 
man  who  had  done  me  more  injury  than  any  other 
human  being,  from  whose  hands  I  had  twice,  nar- 
rowly escaped  a  bloody  death,  such,  as  I  had  every 
reason  to  suppose,  McKnight  had  suffered  from 
him — this  man  spoke  to  me  kindly  and  invited  me  to 
go  with  him  to  his  lodge.  Suspecting  treachery,  I 
was  loath  to  accept  the  invitation,  and  while  I  was 
hesitating,  the  old  Chief  came  up  and  called  me  to 


[1823]  209 

him.  On  hearing  what  the  One  Eyed  wanted  he 
told  me  not  to  go,  because  "he  is  a  bad  man."  Again 
the  One  Eyed  came  to  me  and  repeated  his  re- 
quest, which  I  refused  peremptorily,  and  he  walked 
a  few  steps  away  with  an  impatient,  angry  air;  then 
suddenly  turning  around,  he  fixed  his  piercing  black 
eye  intently  upon  me,  walked  up  to  me  and  implored, 
with  a  beseeching  look  and  tones,  that  I  should  go 
with  him  to  his  lodge.  I  saw  that  he  was  unarmed, 
while  I  had  two  pistols,  a  tomahawk,  and  knife  in 
my  belt,  and  could  anticipate  the  first  hostile  motion 
from  him;  also,  that  we  were  four  men,  in  the  midst 
of  three  thousand,  and  entirely  at  their  mercy  should 
they  design  to  do  us  injury.  I  offered  to  visit  the 
One  Eyed  on  the  following  morning.  "No,  no,"  said 
he,  "come  now — oh!  do  come — come  with  me,"  in 
a  tone  of  supplication.  I,  at  length,  yielded  and 
walked  on  towards  his  lodge,  till  the  village  dogs  at- 
tacked me  so  furiously  that  he  was  obliged  to  dis- 
mount from  his  horse  to  my  defence.  He  then  of- 
fered me  a  seat  on  his  horse,  in  front  of  him.  I 
mounted  behind  him  as  the  safest  position,  when  he 
applied  the  whip  and  flew  with  me  to  his  lodge, 
which  we  entered  and  were  received  by  one  of  his 
wives  with  smiles  and  glad  welcoming.  A  wife  of 
the  One  Eyed  took  his  horse  as  he  alighted.  In  the 
lodge  I  took  a  seat  opposite  that  of  the  Chief,  and, 
facing  his  arms  which  hung  over  his  bed  or  cot  of 
buffalo  robe.  I  could  thus  watch  his  motions  and 
foil  any  murderous  design  that  he  might  manifest, 
by  shooting  him  on  the  spot  and  making  my  escape 


2IO  [1823] 

on  his  horse.  He  lighted  a  pipe,  however,  and  we 
smoked  till  his  wife  brought  in  some  buffalo  meat, 
of  which  we  ate,  while  she  apologised  to  me  very- 
kindly  and  politely  for  its  poorness.  "We  have  no 
marrow  to  cook  with  the  meat  and  the  buffalo  are 
poor.  It  is  the  best  we  have,  and  you  are  welcome," 
said  this  charming  squaw.  The  One  Eyed  only 
urged  me  to  eat  heartily,  and  when  the  repast  was 
over,  we  again  smoked  the  pipe  in  silence.  Shaking 
the  ashes  into  his  hand,  he  slowly  raised  his  head, 
looked  into  my  face  and  asked  if  I  knew  him.  I  re- 
plied, yes.  "Where  did  you  first  see  me?"  On  the 
Salt  Fork  of  the  Canadian.  "Where,  the  second 
time?"  At  the  village  on  the  Canadian  Fork.  "Did 
you  know  then  that  I  wanted  to  kill  you?"  "Yes,  I 
knew  it."  "True,  I  sought  your  life,  and  but  for 
Big  Star,  the  head  Chief  of  the  Ampireka  band,  I 
should  have  killed  you  and  your  men.  I  knew  that 
you  were  traders  with  the  Osages;  you  had  their 
horses,  their  ropes,  their  skins,  their  saddles.  The 
Osages  had  come  and  taken  about  two  hundred  of 
our  horses,  and  I  went  out  with  a  war  party  to  re- 
cover them  and  punish  the  robbers.  We  found 
them,  and  fought  a  battle  with  them,  in  which  my 
brother  was  killed.  My  brother  was  a  great  war- 
rior, a  good  hunter  and  a  good  man.  I  loved  my 
brother."  He  then  talked  in  a  strain  of  mournful 
eulogy  on  his  brother,  while  the  tears  coursed  down 
his  face,  and  he  ended  in  violent  weeping.  Recover- 
ing himself,  he  said  that  he  had  gone  on  a  second 
expedition  to  revenge  his  brother's  death,  when  he 


[l823]  211 

overtook  me  on  the  Salt  Fork  of  the  Canadian,  and 
there  Intended  to  murder  our  company.  He  then  put 
the  ashes  which  he  held  in  his  hand,  on  the  ground, 
and  taking  a  handful  of  earth  from  the  fire  place, 
covered  the  ashes  with  it,  patting  it  three  times  with 
his  hand.  Another  handful  he  used  in  the  same 
manner,  and  then  a  third,  during  which  time  he 
moaned  and  wept  violently;  so  much  so  that  I  was 
uneasy  for  my  own  safety  in  this  outbreak  of  grief. 
He  then  looked  up  with  an  altered  countenance,  and 
exclaimed,  "there,  I  have  now  buried  my  brother; 
but  I  have  found  another.  I  will  take  you  for  my 
brother;"  and  in  a  transport  of  feeling  he  embraced 
me  with  the  words,  "my  brother,  my  brother."  He 
then  placed  a  charm  around  my  neck,  which  he  said 
would  protect  me  from  all  enemies.  It  had  been  his 
brother's  but  when  going  into  his  last  battle  with 
the  Osages,  the  owner  left  it  behind  with  his  blanket, 
and  therefore,  wd.s  killed.  He  then  asked  if  the  old 
Chief  had  tried  to  dissuade  me  from  coming  to  his 
lodge,  and  on  hearing  that  he  had,  he  said:  "He  is 
an  old  fool:  he  does  not  know  whether  he  will  kill 
you  or  not,  and  he  wants  me  to  be  your  enemy,  so 
that  he  may  have  my  assistance  should  he  determine 
to  destroy  you.  If  he  dreams  a  good  dream  he  is 
pleasant  and  friendly  to  you;  if  a  bad  one,  he  is 
grum  and  gloomy  and  wishes  me  to  join  him  in  kill- 
ing you.  He  is  an  old  fool.  He  and  his  men  expect 
to  get  back  all  the  horses  that  you  bought  of  them 
at  the  village,  and  that  was  the  reason  of  their  sell- 
ing so  many  of  the  best  to  you ;  but  you  are  now  safe, 


212  [1823] 

you  and  your  property.  They  shall  not  harm  you  or 
take  back  any  of  the  horses.  Though  my  men  are 
few,  yet  every  Indian  in  the  nation  fears  me.  They 
shall  treat  you  well.  I  will  describe  you  to  all  the 
nation,  so  that  when  ever  you  come  among  us  you 
shall  be  safe  from  all  danger.  I  will  tell  them  you 
are  my  brother."  We  then  conversed  on  various 
subjects,  the  battles  he  had  fought,  his  ideas  of  re- 
ligion, &c.  He  bore  proofs  of  his  courage  on  his 
person,  in  five  wounds ;  some  of  them  large  and  dan- 
gerous. An  arrow  had  pierced  his  left  eye  and  a 
lance  his  side;  but  owing  to  the  charm,  or  "medi- 
cine," which  he  wore,  his  enemies  had  been  unable 
to  kill  him.  He  had  been  christened  in  the  Spanish 
country,  and  said,  "I  believe  as  you  do  in  the  Great 
Spirit.  If  I  do  well  I  shall  go  to  a  good  place  and 
be  happy.  If  I  do  badly  I  shall  go  to  the  bad  place 
and  be  miserable. 

On  taking  .leave,  I  requested  him  to  accompany 
me  to  keep  off  the  dogs.  Take  my  horse  said  he. 
But  how  shall  I  return  him?  "You  will  not  return 
him,  you  will  keep  him  my  brother — keep  him  in  re- 
membrance of  me."  I  left  with  a  lighter  heart  than 
I  had  brought  to  the  lodge  of  the  One  Eyed  Chief. 
I  counted  much  on  the  benefit  of  his  friendship,  and 
subsequent  events  proved  that  I  did  not  overrate  its 
advantages.  I  met  the  old  Chief  on  my  return,  who 
asked  me  if  I  had  bought  the  horse  of  the  One  Eyed. 
His  countenance  fell  on  hearing  the  manner  of  my 
acquiring  the  animal,  and  he  requested  me  to  ex- 
change for  a  fine  spotted  war  horse  of  his  own,  and 


[1823]  213 

then  offered  to  give  two  for  that  of  "my  brother's." 
I  refused  the  insidious  proposal,  which  was  intended 
only  to  sow  dissension  between  me  and  my  new 
friend,  and  the  Chief  appeared  very  angry  at  his 
failure. 

Early  the  following  morning,  I  saw  the  One  Eyed 
Chief  coming  with  two  ribs  of  buffalo  meat,  and 
calling  to  me  ''moneta,  moneta/'  (my  brother) 
"your  sister  has  sent  some  buffalo  meat  for  your 
breakfast."  The  Chiefs  of  the  army,  who  were  all 
present  and  heard  this  unexpected  salutation,  looked 
at  each  other  in  astonishment  at  this  extraordinary 
treatment  of  me  by  their  greatest  brave,  who  so 
lately  appeared  so  implacable  in  his  hostility  to  me. 
Their  conduct  towards  me  and  the  men  immedi- 
ately changed.  No  guard  was,  after  this,  kept  over 
us,  and  we  were  treated  with  respect  and  kindness. 
My  powerful  "brother,"  put  a  new  face  on  our  af- 
fairs and  very  probably  saved  us  from  the  fate  of 
McKnight.  We  now  proceeded  towards  the  Fort, 
the  One  Eyed  riding  by  my  side  and  talking  very 
good  humoredly  and  with  great  animation  on  a  va- 
riety of  topics.  About  the  middle  of  the  day  I  no- 
ticed preparations  making  by  the  warriors  as  for 
battle.  I  asked  the  One  Eyed  what  this  signified,  and 
before  he  could  reply,  Alasarea  rode  up  and  ex- 
claimed, "Osages,  Osages,  a  heap,"  and  asked  me 
whether  I  would  stay  or  go  over  to  them.  I  will 
stay  said  I.  "Will  you  fight  for  us?"  "I  will,"  said 
I,  and  the  One  Eyed  laughed  and  said  they  were  only 
wild  horses  that  had  caused  the  alarm.     I  ascended 


214  [1823] 

a  mound  with  him,  whence  I  could  observe  the  man- 
ner of  catching  these  animals.  In  an  incredible  short 
time  one  hundred  were  captured  and  tamed  so  as  to 
be  nearly  as  subject  to  their  masters  as  domestic 
horses  reared  on  a  farm.  A  small  party  of  less 
than  a  hundred  well  mounted  Indians  were  in  am- 
bush, while  a  multitude  scattered  themselves  over 
the  prairie  in  all  directions  and  drove  the  wild 
horses  to  the  place  where  the  others  were  concealed, 
which  was  a  deep  ravine.  As  soon  as  the  wild  drove 
were  sufficiently  near,  these  last  rushed  among  them 
and  every  Indian  secured  his  horse  with  his  lasso  or 
noosed  rope,  which  he  threw  around  the  neck  of  the 
animal,  and  by  a  sudden  turn  brought  him  to  the 
ground  and  there  tied  his  heels  together.  This  was 
the  work  of  a  few  minutes,  during  which  both  horses 
and  men  were  intermingled  together  in  apparently 
inextricable  confusion.  The  whole  drove  was  taken 
at  the  first  onset,  except  a  fine  black  stud  which  flew 
like  the  wind,  pursued  by  a  hundred  Indians,  and  in 
about  two  hours  was  brought  back  tamed  and  gen- 
tle. He  walked  close  by  the  Indian  who  had  cap- 
tured him,  and  who  led  him  by  a  rope  and  wished  to 
sell  him  to  me.  I  feared  his  wild  look  and  dilated 
eye,  but  his  Indian  master  and  protector  said  he  was 
gentle  and  gave  me  the  end  of  the  rope  with  which 
he  led  him,  when  the  noble  animal  immediately  came 
near  to  me  as  to  a  new  friend  and  master.  He 
seemed  by  his  manner  to  have  ratified  the  transfer 
and  chosen  me  In  preference  to  the  Indian.  In 
twenty-four  hours  after  their  capture  these  horses 


[1823]  215 

became  tamed  and  ready  for  use,  and  keep  near  to 
their  owners  as  their  only  friends.  I  could  perceive 
little  difference  between  them  and  our  farm  horses. 
The  Indians  use  their  fleetest  horses  for  catching  the 
wild  ones,  and  throw  the  lasso  with  great  dexterity 
over  their  necks,  when  by  turning  quickly  round  and 
sometimes  entanghng  their  feet  in  the  rope,  they 
throw  them  on  the  ground,  and  then  tie  their  legs 
together  two  and  two,  after  which  they  release  the 
neck  from  the  tightened  noose  which  in  a  short  time 
would  produce  death  by  strangling.  The  sport  is 
attended  with  the  wildest  excitement,  and  exceeds  in 
interest  and  enjoyment  all  other  sports  of  the  chase 
that  I  ever  saw. 

A  thunder  shower  now  blew  up,  and  the  army 
stretched  their  lodges  and  encamped.  After  the 
shower,  a  war  party  of  about  seven  hundred  men, 
under  the  command  of  Alasarea,  started  with  me 
for  the  Fort,  where  we  arrived  about  sundown.  Each 
Indian  was  armed  with  a  short  gun,  a  bow  and  ar- 
rows, and  a  lance;  some  had  pistols,  and  each  had 
two  horses,  one  of  which  he  rode  for  marching,  and 
one,  his  war  horse,  which  he  led,  for  the  battle. 
Their  appearance  was  formidable  indeed  as  they  ap- 
proached the  Fort,  and  somewhat  alarmed  the  gar- 
rison. They  encamped  for  that  night  outside  of  the 
Fort,  and  in  the  morning  I  made  them  presents  with 
which  they  were  greatly  pleased.  At  about  ten 
o'clock  the  whole  Camanche  army  came  in  sight, 
when  some  of  my  company  were  still  more  alarmed 
than  they  had  been  the  day  before.     Several  who  be- 


2i6  [1823] 

fore  starting,  talked  boastlngly  of  making  a  razor 
strap  of  an  Indian's  skin,  now  lay  in  their  tents  quak- 
ing with  fear  and  sweating  cold  drops.  This  was 
the  first  Indian  army  they  had  ever  seen,  and  their 
courage  fast  melted  away  before  the  spectacle. 
"Come  out,"  said  I  to  them,  "now  is  your  time  to 
get  a  razor  strap."  The  Camanches  encamped  in 
front  of  the  Fort,  on  a  space  a  mile  and  a  half  in 
length  and  about  half  a  mile  wide,  and  exhibited  a 
friendly  disposition.  I  traded  with  them  for  horses, 
mules,  beaver  fur,  and  buffalo  robes.  The  former  I 
sent  as  fast  as  I  bought  them,  to  a  drove  about  a 
mile  from  the  village,  under  charge  of  three  men. 
On  the  morning  of  the  third  day  four  Indians,  armed, 
went  to  the  drove  and  took  four  of  the  best  horses, 
in  spite  of  the  resistance  of  the  guard,  who  were  in- 
timidated by  their  violence.  I  immediately  went  to 
my  "brother,"  the  One  Eyed,  and  informed  him  of 
the  robbery.  He  mounted  his  horse,  with  whip  In 
hand,  and  in  about  two  hours  returned  with  two  of 
the  stolen  horses.  In  the  afternoon  he  brought  back 
a  third,  and  at  night,  came  up  with  the  fourth.  His 
whip  was  bloody,  and  his  face  distorted  with  rage. 
He  was  in  a  mood  to  make  men  tremble  before  him, 
when  none  but  the  boldest  spirits  would  dare  to  cross 
his  path  or  oppose  his  will.  After  he  had  left  the 
last  horse  with  me,  I  heard  his  voice  in  every  part 
of  the  camp,  proclaiming  what,  the  interpreter  told 
me  was  a  warning  for  the  protection  of  my  property. 
"Your  horses  are  yours,"  said  he,  "to  sell  or  keep  as 
you  please ;  but  when  you  once  sell  them  you  cannot 


[1823-1824]  217 

take  them  back.   My  brother  has  come  from  afar  to 
trade  with  you  and  brought  things  that  are  good  for 
you;  and  when  you  have  sold  him  your  horses  and 
got  your  pay,  you  must  not  take  them  back."    After 
this  I  was  not  molested  again  in  a  similar  manner. 
The  One  Eyed  Chief  spent  much  of  his  time  in  my 
trading  house,  and  assisted  me  by  his  advice  and  in- 
fluence over  the  Indians.     He  allowed  me  to  judge 
of  the  horses  for  myself,  but  selected    the     buffalo 
robes    for    me    and  settled  their  prices.     I  bought 
many  more  of  the  latter  than  I  brought  back  with 
me  and  might  have  purchased  thousands.     One  plug 
of  tobacco,  a  knife  and  a  few  strings  of  beads,  in  all 
worth  but  little  more  than  a  dime,  bought    one    of 
these  valuable  skins  or  robes,  worth  at  least  five  dol- 
lars in  any  of  the  States. 

The  Indians  had  with  them  a  great  many  young 
Spaniards  as  prisoners,  one  of  whom,  an  excellent 
interpreter,  wished  me  to  purchase  him.  I  offered 
the  price  of  ten  horses  for  him,  but  without  success. 
I  gave  him  many  presents,  which,  he  said,  his  mas- 
ters took  from  him  as  soon  as  they  saw  them,  and  he 
requested  me  to  give  him  no  more,  as  said  he,  "it  is 
of  no  use."     He  was  an  inteUigent  and  interesting 

boy. 

The  Indians  spent  much  time  in  drilling  and  fight- 
ing mock  battles.  Their  skill  and  discipline  would 
have  made  our  militia  dragoons  blush  for  their  in- 
feriority. They  marched  and  counter-marched, 
charged  and  retreated,  rapidly  and  in  admirable  or- 
der.    Their  skill  in  horsemanship  is  truly  wonder- 


2i8  [1823-1824] 

ful,  and  I  think,  Is  not  surpassed  by  that  of  the  Cos- 
sacks or  Mamelukes.  I  frequently  put  a  plug  of  to- 
bacco on  the  ground  for  them  to  pick  up  when  rid- 
ing at  full  speed.  A  dozen  horsemen  would  start  in 
a  line  for  the  prize,  and  if  the  leader  missed  it,  the 
second  or  third  was  always  successful  in  seizing  it, 
when  he  took  the  rear  to  give  the  others  fair  chance 
in  the  next  race. 

There  were  six  Pawnees  from  the  river  Platte, 
among  these  Camanches ;  one  of  whom  came  to  me 
and  said  he  knew  me.  "Where  did  you  ever  see 
me?"  "At  the  Osage  village,"  said  he,  "when  you 
were  buying  horses."  I  then  recollected  that  this 
Pawnee  with  several  others  had  come  into  the  vil- 
lage to  make  a  treaty.  He  knew  O'Fallon,^  of 
Council  Bluffs,  very  well,  and  gave  me  some  news  of 
the  Upper  Missouri,  and  the  traders  there.  He 
went  off  and  soon  returned  with  several  Camanches, 
and  again  talked  about  the  Osages  and  my  trading 
with  them.     Perceiving  his  treacherous  purpose,  I 

7  Benjamin  O'Fallon,  son  of  Dr.  James  O'Fallon  and  Frances 
Eleanor  Clark  (youngest  sister  of  Gov.  William  Clark)  was  born  20 
September  1793,  and  died  at  his  residence  in  Jefferson  County,  Mo., 
near  St.  Louis,  17  December,  1842.  He  served  for  many  years  as 
Indian  agent  on  the  Missouri  River  under  Governor  Clark.  He 
was  an  honest,  courageous  and  careful  officer,  who  possessed  great 
influence  over  the  various  tribes  with  whom  he  came  in  contact,  and 
was  very  efficient  in  the  discharge  of  his  duties,  though  he  occasion- 
ally lost  control  of  his  temper  inopportunely.  He  married  at  St. 
Charles,  November  1823,  Sophia,  daughter  of  Patrick  Lee  and  Con- 
stance Conde,  and  had  six  children,  only  one  of  whom  is  now  liv- 
ing. He  is  frequently  mentioned  in  Long's  Expedition  to  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  in  Beckworth's  Life  and  Adventures  and  in  Larpenteur's 
Journal.  His  memory  is  perpetuated  in  the  west  by  O'Fallon's  BluflF 
on  the  Platte  River  in  Nebraska,  and  O'Fallon's  Creek  in  Montana, 
near  Glendive. 


1  ''       '  *»        J^>lt'^-ytt 


/^       O".  ^^^^Qu^^c^ 


From  portrait  presented  to  Missouri  Historical  Society 
by  Miss  Emily  O' Fallon. 


[1823-1824]  219 

made  no  reply  to  his  remarks  which  were  as  follows : 
"I  saw  you  with  the  Osages;  you  bought  horses  of 
the  Osages.  Do  you  know  where  Osage  village  is? 
Is  it  not  here?"  marking  on  the  ground  the  courses 
of  the  Arkansas,  the  Grand  and  the  Verdigris  riv- 
ers, and  pointing  to  the  place  of  their  enemies'  vil- 
lage. At  last  I  told  him  I  knew  nothing  about  the 
Osages  or  their  villages,  which  seemed  to  enrage 
him  greatly,  and  he  reiterated  his  assertions  about 
having  met  me  among  the  hereditary  enemeis  of  the 
Pawnees  and  Camanches.  Seeing  the  evil  suspi- 
cions produced  by  his  talk  among  the  Indians,  and 
the  necessity  of  putting  down  the  bad  report  without 
delay,  I  went  to  my  "brother"  and  told  him  the 
Pawnee  was  setting  his  countrymen  against  me.  He 
immediately  went  with  me  to  the  head  Chief's  lodge 
and  had  my  Pawnee  enemy  brought  before  him. 
Fixing  his  dark  eye  upon  him,  the  One  Eyed  Chief 
regarded  him  a  moment  in  silence,  and  then  said, 
"we  have  treated  you  well  ever  since  you  came 
among  us.  You  lied  to  us  when  you  said  that  you 
had  seen  the  'white  haired  man'  (meaning  John  Mc- 
Knight)  at  the  village  of  the  Osages.  And  now  you 
say  you  have  seen  my  brother,  too,  among  the 
Osages.  This  is  all  a  lie.  You  are  trying  to  make 
mischief  between  our  people  and  my  brother,  and  if 
you  say  any  thing  more  against  him  I  will  drive  you 
out  of  the  nation.  You  shall  not  stay  with  us."  The 
Pawnee  trembled  under  this  rebuke  and  walked  off 
in  silence,  with  the  manner  of  a  whipped  spaniel.  I 
heard  no  more  from  him. 


220  [1823-1824] 

On  one  occasion  my  "brother"  asked  permission 
to  bring,  in  the  evening,  a  party  of  his  friends  into 
the  Fort  to  dance,  and  I  consenting  to  the  proposal, 
a  party  of  forty,  headed  by  the  One  Eyed,  entered 
the  Fort  and  danced  for  several  hours,  to  their  own 
singing  and  the  sound  of  bells  on  a  wand,  carried  by 
their  leader.  They  were  gorgeously  attired  in  the 
height  of  Indian  fashion  and  bon  ton.  They  wore 
eagle  and  owl  feathers,  and  were  gaudily  painted  in 
every  conceivable  manner.  The  One  Eyed  wore  a 
showy  head  dress  of  feather  work,  from  under 
which  the  false  hair  fell  to  the  ground;  they  all 
danced  with  wonderful  agility  and  grace,  and  kept 
time  better  than  most  of  dancers  in  more  civilized 
and  fashionable  life.  At  the  close  they  danced  back- 
ward out  of  the  gate,  the  Chief  in  front  driving  them 
with  his  wand,  and  they,  in  compliment  to  their  host, 
feigning  reluctance  to  go.  With  a  loud  shout  of 
pleasure  they  at  last  went  out  together  with  regu- 
larity and  order. 

At  night  we  were  aroused  by  shouting  and  sing- 
ing on  all  sides  of  the  Fort,  and  we  took  our  arms 
to  repel  an  attack.  I  saw  hundreds  of  Indians,  most 
of  them  young  men,  clambering  up  the  sides  of  the 
Fort  and  trying  the  doors  to  get  in.  The  noise  sud- 
denly ceased  and  in  the  morning  the  One  Eyed  told 
me  that  the  young  men  had  taken  the  opportunity 
when  the  old  men  were  asleep  to  improve  their  ac- 
quaintance with  me  and  to  get  some  presents  of  to- 
bacco as  the  dancing  party  had  done  in  the  evening 
before,  and  that  he  had  quelled  the  disturbance  and 


[1823-1824]  221 

driven  them  off.  I  heard  among  this  party  both 
here  and  at  the  village  where  I  first  met  them,  the 
sound  of  moaning  and  loud  wailing  in  two  lodges, 
from  a  short  time  before  sun  set  till  dark.  I  had 
made  a  present  of  a  gorget  and  arm  bands  to  the 
Chief  who  befriended  me  so  much  on  the  Salt  Fork 
of  the  Arkansas  in  my  former  expedition,  and  who 
was  now  in  the  village.  A  young  Indian  came  to 
me,  one  evening,  with  the  gorget  and  arm  bands  as 
a  token,  and  requested  me  to  go  and  see  this  Chief 
in  his  tent.  I  went  with  the  young  man  towards  the 
tent  whence  the  sound  of  weeping  was  heard,  and 
when  within  thirty  steps,  the  messenger  stopped  and 
looked  at  my  feet.  I  noticed  that  he  was  bare- 
footed; he  took  off  my  shoes,  and  with  me  ap- 
proached the  Chief,  who  was  sitting  in  front  of  his 
lodge  with  bare  feet,  like  the  spectators  who  were 
standing  deferentially  around;  and  on  the  ground  I 
saw  two  women  and  two  girls,  also  bare-footed  and 
smeared  over  the  heads  and  faces,  with  mud  and 
ashes.  These  were  the  same,  whose  voices  I  had 
heard  on  first  entering  the  Camanche  village.  They 
were  now  rolling  on  the  ground  from  side  to  side 
and  weeping  violently.  Occasionally  they  scattered 
ashes  over  their  heads  and  after  short  intervals  of 
quiet,  arising  from  exhaustion,  they  would  burst  out 
afresh  in  irrepressible  fits  of  weeping  and  sobbing. 
The  Chief  arose,  took  be  aside,  and  said  that  I  could 
make  these  women  stop  crying.  On  my  enquiring 
how  I  could  do  this,  he  replied,  'by  covering  them 
with  cloth,"  meaning  calico.    I  went  to  the  store  and 


222  [1823-1824] 

got  four  pieces  of  calico,  with  which  I  returned,  and 
covered  each  with  a  piece.  The  Chief  now  spoke  to 
them  In  his  language,  and  appeared  to  console  them, 
and  remonstrated  against  any  further  exhibition  of 
grief.  Their  crying  gradually  subsided  Into  deep, 
long  drawn  sobs  and  hiccoughs,  like  those  of  chil- 
dren after  violent  weeping.  From  this  night  forth 
I  heard  their  lamentations  no  more,  and  a  few  In- 
dians who  had  heretofore  been  cold  and  distant, 
now  became  friendly  to  me.  I  concluded  that  Mc- 
Knlght,  In  fighting  for  his  life,  had  killed  the  hus- 
bands of  the  women  and  fathers  of  the  two  girls 
who  were  thus  lamenting,  and  that  they  required  a 
token  of  friendship  from  me  as  an  atonement  and 
sign  of  reconciliation.  The  Indians  had  now  dis- 
covered their  mistake ;  that  In  killing  McKnIght  they 
had  destroyed  a  friend  Instead  of  an  enemy,  and  all 
regarded  me  more  kindly  on  account  of  their  own  In- 
justice to  my  friend.  The  One  Eyed  Chief,  who 
was  probably  foremost  In  the  murder,  had  taken  me 
to  his  heart  as  his  only  brother,  and  was  now  ready 
to  die  for  me,  to  atone  for  depriving  me  of  my 
bosom  friend,  McKnIght — "the  white  haired  Tab- 
baho."  The  Pawnee's  tale  of  having  seen  McKnIght 
at  the  Osage  village,  was,  I  suppose,  the  reason  for 
dispatching  him;  and  in  doing  this,  they  had  met 
with  a  desperate  resistance  from  their  victim,  who 
was  well  armed  and  a  most  excellent  marksman.  The 
One  Eyed  did  all  in  his  power  to  recompense  me  for 
his  loss.  He  was  my  fast  friend,  and  exerted  him- 
self to  the  utmost  to  advance  all  my  Interests  and 


[1823-1824]  223 

wishes.  His  wife  daily  sent  to  her  "brother"  some 
delicacy,  such  as  buffalo  tongue,  carefully  cooked  by 
herself.  I  began  to  be  reconciled  to  a  savage  life 
and  enamored  with  the  simplicity  of  nature.  Here 
were  no  debts,  no  Sheriffs  or  Marshals;  no  hypocri- 
cies  or  false  friendships.  With  these  simple  chil- 
dren of  the  mountains  and  prairies,  love  and  hate 
are  honestly  felt  and  exerted  in  their  full  intensity. 
No  half-way  passions,  no  interested  feelings  govern 
their  attachments  to  their  friends.  When  once  en- 
listed for  or  against  you,  little  short  of  Omnipo- 
tence can  reverse  the  Indian's  position.  He  loves 
and  hates  with  steady  persistence  and  consistency, 
and  generally  carries  his  first  feelings  regarding  you, 
to  his  grave.  His  revenge  is  sure,  his  love  is  true 
and  disinterested.  You  can  count  upon  either  with 
certainty,  and  need  entertain  no  fear  of  being  de- 
ceived as  to  their  operations. 

A  scouting  war  party  on  one  occasion  brought  in 
seven  American  horses,  shod  and  branded,  a  tent,  a 
kettle,  an  axe,  and  some  other  articles,  which  I  knew 
must  have  belonged  to  a  trading  party.  They 
brought  up  the  horses  to  the  Fort  to  have  the  shoes 
taken  off  by  our  blacksmith,  when  I  charged  them 
with  the  robbery  of  my  countrymen.  They  denied 
the  charge,  and  said  that  they  had  taken  this  spoil 
from  a  party  of  Osages  with  whom  they  had  had  a 
battle,  and  exhibited,  in  proof  of  their  operations, 
two  scalps  as  those  of  their  deadly  enemies,  the 
Osages.  I  learned,  at  Barbour's,  on  my  return  that 
they  told  me  the  truth.     The  Osages  had  robbed  a 


224  [1823-1824] 

Santa  Fe  company  and  were  themselves  attacked  in 
the  night,  by  a  party  they  knew  not  of  what  tribe, 
who  had  killed  two  men  and  robbed  them  of  the 
booty  I  have  mentioned.     It  was  a  fair  instance  of 
the  biters  being  bitten,  the  game  played  by  Prince 
Hal  upon  Falstaff,  who,  after  robbing  four  travellers 
was  attacked  by  the  Prince  and  plundered    of    his 
spoil.     From  the  warriors  of  this  scouting  party  we 
learned  that  the  whole  nation  of  Osages  was  very 
near  to  us;  being  encamped  on  the  Salt  Fork  at  the 
distance  of  about  a  day's  journey,  and  they  advised 
us  to  leave  our  present  position  for    one    of    more 
safety.     The  Camanche  Chiefs  held    a    council    of 
war,  or  grand  talk,  and  determined  to  go  out  and 
give  battle  to  their  enemies.     On  the  next  day  they 
sent  all  their  women  and  children  up  the  river  and 
went  themselves,  with  their  warriors,  towards  the 
Salt  Fork  in  quest  of  the  Osages.    When  the  last  of 
the  nation  were  about  going,  an  Indian  came  to  me 
and  claimed  his  horse,  which  another    Indian     had 
sold  to  me  without  his  authority.     I  was  about  to 
give  him  the  horse,  when  the  One  Eyed  came  up  and 
enquired  into  the  case,  which  he  decided  at  once  in 
my  favor,  and  told  the  claimant  he  must  look  to  the 
Indian  who  sold  him,  for  his  indemnity.     Not  liking 
the  law  of  this  decision,  I  paid  the  Indian    for    his 
horse,  and  he  went  away  satisfied  and  highly  pleased. 
Before  starting,  the  Chiefs,  in  a  body,  came  and  ex- 
pressed great  friendship  for  me  and  regret  at  leav- 
ing me  as  they  were  compelled  to  do.     They  said 
they  wanted  the  American  trade,  and  united  in  re- 


[1823-1824]  225 

questing  me  to  encourage  my  countrymen  to  visit 
them  with  goods  and  trade  with  them.  Trade  with 
the  Spaniards  they  said,  was  unprofitable;  they  had 
nothing  to  give  them  for  their  horses  except  amuni- 
tion,  and  this  they  refused  to  sell  to  the  Indians. 
They  wished  the  Americans  to  be  friendly  and  inti- 
mate with  them,  and  complained  bitterly  that  we 
supplied  their  enemies,  the  Osages,  with  arms  and 
amunition  with  which  they  made  war  upon  the  Ca- 
manches.  "The  Osages"  said  they,  "get  their  pow- 
der, balls  and  guns  from  the  Americans,  but  we  can 
get  none,  or  very  few  from  them ;  this  is  wrong,  very 
wrong."  The  One  Eyed,  and  several  other  Chiefs 
wished  to  visit  their  "Great  Father,"  the  President, 
and  have  a  talk  with  him.  They  would  have  of- 
fered to  accompany  me  to  my  "village"  to  see  the 
Great  Father,  but  said  they,  "you  cannot  defend  us 
from  the  Osages,  the  Cherokees,  and  the  Choctaws; 
these  nations  are  all  at  war  with  us,  and  we  should 
have  to  go  through  their  country.  But  tell  our 
Great  Father  when  you  go  back  to  your  village,  that 
we  want  him  to  stop  these  nations  from  stealing  our 
horses  and  killing  our  people,  as  they  have  been  do- 
ing for  many  years !  Tell  him  to  protect  us  and 
send  his  people  out  to  trade  with  us.  We  will  not 
hurt  his  people,  but  will  defend  them  when  they 
come  among  us.  We  will  be  brothers  with  the  Amer- 
icans." The  Chief  of  the  Towashes  told  me  that 
his  tribe  lived  on  the  head  waters  of  the  Red  River, 
and  owned  sixteen  thousand  horses,  which  were  bet- 
ter than  any  I  had  bought  of  them.     Judging  from 


226  [1824] 

those  which  his  warriors  rode,  I  could  believe  what 
he  said  respecting  the  quality  of  their  horses.  He 
wished  me  to  visit  his  tribe  and  trade  with  them. 
Many  things  did  these  wild  Chiefs  tell  me  to  say 
for  them  to  the  "Great  Father"  when  I  reached  my 
"village,"  and  all  insisted  very  earnestly  that  I  should 
return  to  them  in  the  Fall  with  goods,  and  bring 
the  answer  of  their  Great  Father  and  all  he  said 
about  them.  "Then,"  said  they,  "we  will  go  back 
with  you  and  talk  with  him  face  to  face."  My 
"brother"  told  me  to  ascend  the  Red  River  in  the 
Fall,  and  I  should  find  the  nation  not  far  from  the 
three  big  mounds  near  the  head  of  that  river,  by 
which  I  suppose  he  meant  some  spurs  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  "And  when  you  reach  these  mounds," 
said  he,  "you  will  see  the  smoke  from  the  grass  that 
we  will  burn  every  day  so  that  you  may  find  us.  You 
can  come  with  but  two  men  and  you  shall  be  safe. 
I  will  speak  of  you  to  all  the  Camanches,  and  tell 
them  you  are  my  brother;  and  none  will  hurt  you. 
You  can  travel  without  fear  through  all  our  coun- 
try; no  one  will  dare  to  injure  you  or  take  your 
property."  At  parting  with  the  Chiefs,  they  all  em- 
braced me  most  affectionately.  My  "brother,"  es- 
pecially, showed  all  the  feeling  of  a  real  brother;  he 
threw  his  arms  around  my  neck  and  burst  into  tears. 
Alasarea,  the  Towash,  came  to  me  last,  and  sat  down 
with  a  grave  and  serious  countenance.  He  several 
times  struck  his  breast  and  said  his  heart  was  trou- 
bled. On  my  asking  him  the  cause  of  his  trouble, 
he  said,  "When  you  came  here,  you  had  twenty-three 


[1824]  227 

men  and  now  you  have  but  twenty-two ;  one  Is  dead. 
You  say  he  was  a  good  man."  "Yes,"  said  I,  "he 
was  a  very  good  man."  "You  do  not  know  how  he 
was  killed."  "No,  I  do  not,  but  perhaps  I  shall 
know  one  day."  "Many  Camanches,"  said  he,  "are 
bad;  many  Quawpas  are  bad;  many  of  the  Arripa- 
hoes  are  bad;  many  Towashes  are  bad,  and  so  are 
many  Pawnees.  Some  of  all  these  are  bad  and  they 
all  hunt  in  this  country.  They  might  have  killed  the 
white-haired  man.  He  might  have  wounded  a  buf- 
falo and  been  killed  by  him.  A  rattlesnake  might 
have  bit  him.  He  is  dead  and  you  know  not  how. 
Here  is  my  war  horse,  Checoba.  I  give  him  to  you; 
no  horse  among  the  Camanches  will  catch  him.  He 
will  carry  you  away  from  every  enemy  and  out  of 
any  danger."  With  this  he  led  up  a  splendid  black 
horse,  worthy  and  fit  to  have  borne  a  Richard  Coeur 
De  Leon,  or  a  Saladin,  into  their  greatest  battles. 
No  Arab  could  ever  boast  a  finer  animal  than  this; 
the  finest  limbed,  the  best  proportioned,  the  swift- 
est and  the  most  beautiful  I  ever  saw.  I  brought 
him  home,  but  before  leaving  the  wilderness,  his 
speed  was  greatly  impaired  by  the  bite  of  a  rattle- 
snake. 


CHAPTER  SEVEN 

We  Start  for  Home — A  Stampedo — Loss  of  a  Hundred  Horses — 
Interview  With  a  Chief  and  His  Tribe — Pursued  by  Indians — 
Passage  Through  the  Cross  Timbers — Death  of  Horses  by  Flies 
— Night  Travelling — Arrival  at  the  Arkansas — Death  of  Horses 
by  the  Farcy — Loss  of  Skins  and  Robes  by  Embezzlement — Start 
for  Home — Breakfast  With  a  Cherokee  Chief — James  Rogers — 
An  Old  Cherokee — Interview  With  Missionaries — Arrival  at 
Home — Troubles  From  Debt — An  Emergence  at  Last — Conclu- 
sion. 

AFTER  parting  with  these  simple  children  of 
nature,  we  prepared  for  our  departure  home- 
ward. On  the  next  day  after  packing  up  the  goods, 
we  abandoned  the  Fort  and  began  to  descend  the 
river  in  perogues,  and  by  land  with  the  horses.  Those 
in  the  boats  who  started  before  the  others  with  the 
horses  were  to  stop  at  the  unfinished  Fort  one  hun- 
dred miles  below,  and  there  await  them.  I  trav- 
elled by  land  with  the  horses  and  met  with  no  occur- 
rence worth  mentioning  till  the  second  day.  Then 
commenced  a  series  of  misfortunes  and  unavoidable 
accidents,  which  continued  till  I  reached  the  settle- 
ments, and  which  destroyed  all  hope  of  profit  from 
the  adventure,  and  the  consequences  of  which  have 
weighed  upon  me  to  this  day  with  a  crushing  weight. 
As  w^e  travelled  along  the  north  bank  of  the  river, 
a  small  herd  of  buffalo  suddenly  rushed  out  from 
the  river  bank  on  our  left  before  the  horses,  and 
frightened  many  of  them  into  a  stampedo  as  the 
228 


[1824]  229 

Spanish  call  the  thundering  sound  of  their  stamping, 
flying  hoofs  on  the  prairie.  A  few  of  the  men  rode 
after  them  and  succeeded  in  turning  them  back; 
but  their  shouts  and  use  of  the  whips  gave  them  an- 
other fright  and  they  returned  in  a  stampede  among 
the  drove  and  thus  spread  the  panic  among  them. 
About  one  hundred  ran  off  at  a  furious  rate,  on  the 
route  of  the  river  by  which  we  had  come.  Placing 
the  best  rider  in  my  company  on  Checoba,  I  ordered 
him  to  try  his  best  speed  and  bottom  in  the  pursuit. 
He  started  and  ran  sixteen  miles,  where  he  headed 
the  flying  horses  that  had  become  mingled  with  a 
wild  drove,  and  he  was  driving  them  all  before  him 
and  Checoba,  when  a  rattlesnake  bit  the  noble  ani- 
mal on  the  fore  foot.  Checoba  immediately  sickened 
and  was  brought  back  with  great  difficulty.  On 
the  following  morning  his  foot  and  leg  were  swelled, 
and  he  was  very  lame  and  weak.  I  placed  him  in 
mud  and  water,  where  he  stood  for  several  hours, 
when  the  swelling  subsided  and  he  was  much  re- 
lieved. By  this  accident  I  lost  all  the  horses  which 
ran  off  in  the  stampedo,  and  Checoba  was  materially 
injured  for  life.  I  remained  till  the  next  morning, 
when  Checoba  was  able  to  travel,  and  I  started  with 
him  in  advance  of  the  company.  Soon  after  cross- 
ing a  small  branch,  I  saw  an  Indian  about  two  hun- 
dred yards  ahead  in  the  prairie,  who,  riding  onto  a 
high  mound,  hailed  me  with  the  word  Tahhaho?  As 
I  replied,  yes,  I  perceived  several  Indians  approach- 
ing me  from  the  prairie  and  my  company  behind  also 


230  [1B24] 

observed  them.  McKnIght  and  Adams^  hastened  to 
reach  me  before  the  Indians,  who  came  up  friendly, 
and  spoke  to  us  In  the  Spanish  language.  As  we 
three  spoke  Spanish  they  took  us  for  Spaniards,  and 
said  that  they  were  of  the  Caddo  tribe,  who  were  in 
alliance  with  the  Camanches.  Some  of  the  latter 
tribe  and  a  number  of  Towashes  were  in  their  party, 
which  they  said  was  on  its  march  behind  them.  They 
had  just  come  out  of  a  battle  with  the  Osages,  by 
whom  they  had  been  defeated,  and  were  proceeding 
to  tell  us  of  the  battle  when  I  observed  a  party  of 
about  two  hundred  Indians  coming  towards  us  and 
also  noticed  a  small  grove  a  short  distance  before 
us.  I  ordered  my  party  to  hasten  forward  to  this 
grove  and  occupy  it  in  advance  of  the  Indians.  As 
they  drove  the  horses  forward,  the  rope  which  held 
the  pack  on  a  horse,  which  I  had  brought  from  home 
with  me,  got  loose  and  was  trod  on  by  the  horses 
behind,  which  pulled  the  pack  under  his  belly.  He 
started  forward,  kicking  and  pitching  until  he  had 
got  rid  of  his  load,  and  then  returned  at  full  speed 
among  the  drove,  which  broke  into  another  stam- 
pede.    Off  they  flew,  and  many  of  them  ran  entirely 

1  James  Adams,  son  of  Calvin  Adams  and  Sally  Michau,  was 
born  in  St.  Louis,  17  July,  1802.  Calvin  Adams,  one  of  the  few 
Americans  in  upper  Louisiana  during  Spanish  times,  came  to  St. 
Louis  from  Connecticut  about  the  beginning  of  the  nineteenth  cen- 
tury. Seemingly  only  two  of  their  children  lived  to  reach  maturity 
— James  and  his  elder  brother  David.  David  went  with  Long's 
expedition  as  Spanish  interpreter.  Both  James  and  David  were  with 
Bonneville,  and  after  Bonneville  left  the  mountains  David  Adams, 
in  partnership  with  Jean  Sibille  of  St.  Louis,  carried  on  the  fur  trade 
on  the  Platte  for  some  years.  James  Adams  owned  sufficient  real 
estate  in  St.  Louis  to  have  made  good  any  claim  which  General 
James  might  have  had  against  him. 


[1824]  ^31 

out  of  sight  on  the  level  prairie,  with  the  speed  of 
birds  on  the  wing.     I  lost  about  thirty  in  this  flight. 
We  reached  the  grove  at  the  same  time  with  the 
Indians,  who  then  discovered  us  to  be  Americans  and 
not  Spaniards,  which  greatly  displeased  some.     The 
Chief,  however,  was  friendly.     An  Indian  took  up 
and  examined  McKnight's  gun,  which  he  had  left 
leaning  against  a  tree,  and  riding  into  the  crowd, 
brandished  it  over  his  head,  exclaiming  that  we  had 
stolen  the  horses ;  that  they  ought  to  take  them  from 
us  and  kill  us.     The  old  Chief  ordered  him  to  be 
silent,  and  he  said  if  they  would  not  kill  us  he  would 
go  and  bring  men  who  would  do  so,  and  started  off 
in  a  gallop  towards  the  Canadian  with  McKnight's 
gun.     Many  of  the  Indians  charged  us  with  having 
stolen   Checoba   from  Alasarea,   the   Towash,    and 
seemed  to  beUeve  the  charge,   and  to  consider  us 
thieves  who  had  been  preying  upon  their  country- 
men.   One  who  appeared  to  be  the  most  bloodthirsty 
shot  an  arrow  into  the  side  of  one  of  their  own 
horses  near  the  lights.    The  horse  bounded  forward 
and  fell  dead.     This  act  excited  them  to  the  highest 
pitch,  and  the  old  Chief  had  great  difficulty  in  pro- 
tecting us  from  an  attack;  by  an  harangue  and  a 
decisive  course  he  at  length  assuaged  their  animos- 
ity and  excitement.    Their  late  defeat  by  the  Osages 
had  embittered  their  minds,  and  predisposed  them 
to  view  us  with  suspicion.     Seven  men  among  them 
carried  wounds  received  in  the  late  battle,  and  by 
request  of  the  Chief  I  dressed  these  wounds  with 
salve  and  sticking  plaster.     While  I  was  thus  en- 


232 


[i824] 


gaged,  I  sent  the  men  forward  a  short  distance,  when 
they  awaited  me  with  their  rifles  ready  to  return  the 
fire  of  the  Indians.     But  they  parted  with  us  peace- 
ably, and  the  Chief  with  great  cordiaHty  entreated 
me  to  return  to  his  country  and  trade  with  his  tribe. 
We  want,  said  he,  the  friendship  and  trade  of  the 
Americans.     I  always  observed  that  the  most  saga- 
cious and  far-seeing  of  the  Camanche  Chieftains  sin- 
cerely desired    the   friendship   and    alliance   of  the 
Americans.     A   proper    course    towards    them   will 
make  them  our  fast  friends  and  most  valuable  aUies. 
An  opposite  one  will  render  them  most  deadly  and 
dangerous  enemies,  and  especially  so  in  the  event  of 
a  war  with  England.     A  course  of  justice,  fairness 
and  liberality  is  the  only  judicious  one ;  and  in  deal- 
ing with  them,  the  greatest  tact  and  much  knowledge 
of  Indian  character  is  requisite  for  success  in  gain- 
ing their  confidence  and  securing  their  lasting  es- 
teem and  friendship.  The  Pawnees  and  all  the  tribes 
west  of  the  Osages,  called  by  the  national  name  of 
Camanches,  are  all  of  the  same  original  tribe,  though 
bearing  various  names,  and  all  speak  the  same  lan- 
guage.^   They  are  in  the  strictest  alliance  with  each 
other,  and  could  probably  muster  a  force  of  forty 
or  fifty  thousand  warriors  at  the  time  I  was  among 
them.     The  United  States  should  provide  against 
the  consequences  of  their  hostility. 

2  This  is  an  error.  The  Coraanches  are  of  the  same  stock  as  the 
Shoshonees  or  Snakes  of  the  northwest.  The  Pawnees  are  of  Cad- 
doan  stock.  The  language  of  the  Comanches  and  the  Pawnees  is  not 
the  same. 


[1824]  233 

After  parting  from  the  Caddo  Chief,  I  sent  the 
company  with  the  horses  forward,  and  remained  be- 
hind with  McKnight  to  watch  against  pursuit  by 
the  Indians.  Finding  that  we  were  not  followed,  we 
hastened  on  and  overtook  the  rest  of  the  company, 
and  all  reached  the  unfinished  Fort  in  the  afternoon, 
where  we  found  the  perogues  and  swivel  in  charge 
of  the  men  who  had  brought  them  down  the  river 
and  were  awaiting  us  according  to  the  arrangement. 
We  travelled  on  in  company  till  nightfall,  when  the 
land  party  crossed  the  river  at  a  bend  and  encamped 
with  the  others  in  a  grove.  We  carefully  secured 
our  horses.  On  the  following  morning,  as  we  issued 
from  the  timber  into  the  prairie,  a  dead  buffalo  cow 
was  seen  with  her  calf  standing  near  her.  We  soon 
saw  another  cow  lately  killed  by  a  party  evidently  in 
pursuit  of  us.  We  travelled  in  company  with  the 
perogues,  that  we  might  have  the  benefit  of  the  swivel 
in  case  of  an  attack.  In  the  Cross  Timbers,  which 
we  reached  in  four  or  five  days  after  leaving  the 
last-mentioned  Fort,  we  again  parted  company  with 
the  perogues  and  struck  out  into  the  prairie.  Here 
we  soon  afterwards  observed  a  herd  of  buffalo  run- 
ning rapidly  with  their  tongues  hanging  out  of  their 
mouths,  and  also  eight  Indians  mounted,  who  did 
not  perceive  us.  In  three  days  we  passed  the  Cross 
Timbers  and  reached  the  long-grass  prairies  on  the 
east  of  them.  Here  the  horse  flies  were  so  numerous 
and  ravenous  as  nearly  to  destroy  the  horses,  which 
were  frequently  covered  entirely  by  them.  Many  of 
the  horses  died  and  all  were  wasting  away  under  the 


234  [1824] 

inflictions  of  these  venomous  insects.  To  avoid  them, 
we  travelled  only  by  night  and  slept  by  day.     I  took 
the  direction  by  guess  and  in  eight  days,  or  rather, 
nights,  we  struck  the  Arkansas  just  five  miles  below 
the  three  forks,  where  Fort  Gibson  now  stands,  and 
the  point  which  I  was  aiming  to  reach.     I  went  up 
to  the  forks  where  Barbour's  trading  establishment 
was  then  situated  and  there  obtained  a  canoe.     Bar- 
bour, I  afterwards  learned,  had  died  in  New  Or- 
leans, whither  he  started  with  my  keel  boat  on  my 
outward  trip.     We  travelled  down  the  Arkansas  to 
the  mouth  of  the  Canadian,  and  found  the  rest  of 
my  company  with  the  perogues,  awaiting  us  at  the 
Salt  works.     Here  I  took  an  account  of  my  stock, 
and  found  that  out  of  three  hundred  and  twenty- 
three  horses  and  mules  which  I  had  purchased  of  the 
Indians  and  started  with  for  home,  I  had  lost  by 
flies  and  stampedos  just  two  hundred  and  fifty-three, 
leaving  but  seventy-one  now  in  my  possession.  These 
I  allowed  to  rest  one  day,  and  on  the  next  day  lost 
five  of  them  by  a  disease  called   the    Farcy,    which 
causes  a  swelling  of  the  breast  and  belly  and  gen- 
erally terminates  fatally.     On  the  day  and  night  fol- 
lowing, eight  or  ten  more  of  the  horses  died  and 
about  twenty  were  sick  with  the  disease.     I  was  too 
anxious  for  my  family  and  too  desirous  of  seeing 
them  to  delay  my  departure  any  longer.     Here,  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Illinois  River,^  a  branch  of  the 
Arkansas,  and  near  the  mouth  of  the  Canadian,  I 

3  The  Illinois  River    (so  named  most  likely  by  some  coureur  de 
bois  from  Kaskaskia)  is  a  very  crooked  little  stream  which  rises  in 


[1824]  235 

left  the  few  horses  and  mules  remaining,  and  the 
perogue  containing  the  skins  and  robes,  in  charge  of 
Adams  &  Denison.  I  never  saw  them  again  and 
lost  all — horses  and  mules,  beaver  skins  and  buffalo 
robes.  I  returned  home  with  five  horses,  just  the 
same  number  I  had  started  out  with.  Most  of  them 
died,  and  those  that  lived  were  never  accounted  for 
to  me.  The  skins  and  robes  were  sold  by  James  Ad- 
ams, at  Eau-Post,  in  Arkansas,  on  the  river  of  that 
name,  and  the  whole  proceeds,  amounting  to  a  large 
sum  of  my  money,  were  embezzled  by  him,  the  said 
Adams.  He  had  been  employed  by  McKnight  and 
was  unknown  to  me.  In  every  respect,  pecuniarily 
and  otherwise,  this  was  a  most  unfortunate  venture. 
I  lost  by  it  my  best  and  dearest  friend,  John  Mc- 
Knight, and  all  the  money  I  had  invested  in  it,  with 
the  vain  hope  of  being  thereby  set  free  from  debt 
and  made  an  independent  man.  The  object  was  a 
great  one,  and  the  risk  proportionately  great.  I 
lost  all  that  I  had  set  upon  the  stake  and  was  still 
more  deeply  involved  than  before.  A  dreary  future 
lay  ahead,  but  I  determined  to  meet  and  struggle 
with  it  like  a  man. 

Leaving  the  river,  in  company  with  twelve  men, 
some  afoot  and  some  with  horses,  we  directed  our 
course  for  the  Cherokee  country.  We  found  no 
game  and  for  several  days  all  suffered  severely  from 
hunger.  We  at  length  approached  the  Cherokee  set- 
Washington  County,  Arkansas,  flows  through  Adair,  Cherokee  and 
Sequoyah  Counties,  Oklahoma,  and  joins  the  Arkansas  River  about 
five  miles  above  the  mouth  of  the  Canadian. 


236  [1824] 

tlements;  and  I  went  forward  alone,  promising  the 
men  to  have  a  meal  prepared  for  them  at  the  house 
of  John  Rogers,*  a  half-breed  Cherokee  Chief.  When 
in  sight  of  his  place  I  met  Rogers  and  told  him  I 
wanted  breakfast  for  myself  and  twelve  men;  that 
I  had  been  among  the  Camanches  trading,  and  that 
my  company  was  coming  up  nearly  starved.  He 
replied  that  his  tribe  had  been  at  war  that  year, 
with  the  Osages  and  had  raised  but  a  small  crop, 
and  that  he  had  to  pay  one  dollar  per  bushel  for 
his  bread.  "But,"  said  he,  "I  will  get  you  some- 
thing to  eat,"  and  entering  his  house,  requested  his 
wife  to  prepare  breakfast  for  twelve  men,  and  with 
a  smile,  "twelve  hungry  men  at  that."  I  noticed  in 
his  house,  all  the  usual  furniture  of  our  best  farmers, 
and  he  was  evidently  living  well  and  comfortably. 
The  men  came  up,  and  by  their  rough  exteriors, 
long  beards  and  hair,  lantern  jaws  and  lank  bodies, 

*  John  Rogers,  chief  of  the  Western  Cherokees,  was  of  mixed 
blood,  Cherokee,  Scotch  and  English.  He  was  a  half  brother  on  his 
father's  side,  of  Talihina,  or  Tiana,  the  wife  of  General  Sara  Hous- 
ton. He  was  one  of  the  early  immigrants  to  Arkansas,  and  made 
his  home  near  where  Fort  Smith  was  later  built  upon  land  sold  by 
him  to  the  United  States. 

No  records  of  his  personal  history  have  been  found,  but  it  is  said 
of  him  that  "he  was  one  of  the  most  respectable  of  the  civilized 
Cherokees,  and  one  to  whom  that  nation  is  much  indebted  for  its 
development  and  growth." 

Hildreth,  writing  in  1834,  says,  "Near  our  encampment  is  the 
dwelling  of  an  old  Cherokee  named  Roger  [John  Rogers],  who  has 
grown  immensely  rich,  and  lives  in  the  greatest  affluence  known  to 
his  rude  taste;  he  owns  a  large  tract  of  land  in  the  neighborhood, 
and  so  many  head  of  cattle  that  he  cannot  count  them;  his  pigs  and 
poultry  are  so  numerous  that,  notwithstanding  the  frequent  poach- 
ing expeditions  that  are  directed  against  them,  they  never  seem  to 
be  diminished."  Dragoon  Campaigns  to  the  Rocky  Mountains,  p. 
196.    And  see  4  Long's  Expedition  (Thwaites'  Ed.),  p.  23. 


[1824]  237 

they  strongly  impressed  me  with  the  idea  of  a  gang 
of  famished  wolves.  They  glared  at  Mrs.  Rogers, 
while  she  was  getting  their  breakfast,  like  so  many 
cannibals,  and  had  she  not  been  very  quick  in  ap- 
peasing their  appetites,  I  cannot  swear  but  that  they 
would  have  eaten  her  up.  She,  the  good  woman, 
squaw  though  she  was,  exerted  herself  in  our  behalf 
like  an  angel  of  mercy,  and  in  a  miraculously  short 
time  she  set  before  us  a  noble  meal  of  bacon,  eggs, 
corn  bread,  milk  and  coffee;  there  was  enough  for 
us  all  and  we  arose  filled,  leaving  some  on  the  table, 
not  from  politeness  but  from  inability  to  eat  any 
more.  Well,  Mr.  Rogers,  said  I,  what  shall  I  pay 
you  for  our  breakfast?"  "What,"  said  he,  laughing, 
"would  be  the  use  of  charging  men  who  have  just 
come  out  of  the  woods  and  cannot  possibly  have 
any  money?"  No,  said  I,  I  am  not  begging  my  way; 
I  will  pay  you  with  goods  that  I  have.  I  then  drew 
out  my  stock  and  sold  him  twelve  dollars'  worth, 
after  paying  for  our  meal.  The  father  and  sister 
of  Rogers  now  came  in  and  talked  with  us  some  time. 
The  father,  who  was  a  white  man,  said  that  his  son 
John  killed  the  first  Indian  at  the  battle  of  the  Horse- 
shoe, where  both  served  on  the  side  of  the  Americans 
under  Jackson.  "The  Creeks,"  said  he,  "always 
fight  till  death.  It  takes  one  Cherokee  for  every 
Creek,  and  of  the  whites  a  little  more  than  one  for 
one."  Both  father  and  son  spoke  in  the  highest 
terms  of  Gen.  Jackson,  as  a  man,  a  soldier  and  a 
commander. 


238  [i824] 

I  requested  provisions  to  subsist  us  till  we  could 
get  a  supply,  and  obtained  from  him  sufficient  to 
carry  us  to  Matthew  Lyon's  trading  house  at  the 
Spadre/  Below  this  is  a  large  Missionary  station, 
which  we  were  informed  was  well  supplied  with  flour 
and  meat,  of  which  a  boat  load  for  their  use  had 
lately  arrived.  "If  you  find  the  missionaries  in  good 
humor,"  said  Mrs.  Rogers,  "and  do  not  go  on  the 
Lord's  Day,  you  will  be  able  to  get  some  provisions, 
but  not  without.  I  was  down  at  the  station  last 
week  on  Saturday  and  stayed  over  Sunday.  A  Cher- 
okee woman  came  in  on  Sunday  from  Piney,  twenty 
miles  above  on  the  river,  with  some  chickens  to  buy 
some  sugar  and  coffee  for  a  poor  woman  who  had 
been  lately  confined.  I  interpreted  for  the  woman, 
and  went  to  brother  Vail  and  told  him  what  the 
woman  wanted.     I  don't  deal  with  the  females,  said 

he ;  you  must  go  to  sister .     We  went  to  the 

sister  that  brother  Vail  had  named,  and  she  told 
me  that  they  neither  bought  nor  sold  on  the  Lord's 
Day.  Then  take  the  chickens  as  a  gift,  said  I,  and 
give  the  woman  what  she  wants.  We  neither  give 
nor  take  on  the  Lord's  Day,  said  she,  and  the  poor 
woman  had  to  go  back  with  her  chickens,  and  so  I 
advise  you  not  to  go  to  the  Missionaries  on  the 
Lord's  Day."  I  could  hardly  believe  that  bigotry  and 
fanaticism  could  go  so  far  as  this,  until  I  found  by 
experience,  when  I  reached  the  station,  that  their 

^  Spadra  is  a  town  on  the  north  side  of  the  Arkansas  River  at  the 
mouth  of  Spadra  Creek.  It  is  in  Johnson  County,  one  hundred  and 
five  miles  northwest  from  Little  Rock.  It  now  has  a  population  of 
about  one  thousand. 


[1824]  239 

meanness  was  fully  equal  to  all  I  had  heard.  We 
left  the  hospitable  house  of  the  Cherokee  Chief  with 
many  thanks  and  proceeded  on  our  way.  At  a  short 
distance  from  the  Spadre,  I  was  riding  alone  in  ad- 
vance of  the  company,  when  a  met  a  gentlemanly  and 
intelligent  half-breed  Cherokee,  of  whom  I  enquired 
if  I  could  procure  provisions  at  that  place.  He  said 
I  could  not,  but  invited  me  to  alight  and  take  break- 
fast with  him.  There  are  too  many  of  us,  said  I, 
twelve  beside  myself.  This  did  not  daunt  him  and 
he  immediately  extended  his  invitation  to  all,  and  the 
whole  company  accordingly  entered  his  house  and 
partook  of  an  excellent  breakfast,  such  as  that  which 
his  brother  had  furnished  us  two  days  before.  This 
man  was  James,  the  brother  of  John  Rogers,®  and 
lived  like  him  in  comfort  and  elegance.  His  wife 
was  a  handsome  half-breed,  whom  I  presented  with 
some  articles  of  dress,  against  the  wish  of  her  hus- 
band, who  refused  all  pay  for  our  breakfast.  He 
purchased  of  me  goods  to  the  amount  of  fifteen  dol- 
lars and  paid  me  the  money  for  them.     We  passed 

6  James  Rogers  was  a  full  brother  of  John  Rogers  (see  note  4 
ante),  and  probably  immigrated  with  him  to  Arkansas.  In  1817  he 
signed  a  treaty  with  the  United  States  as  one  of  the  Arkansas  Chiefs. 
In  1828  he  was  sent  to  Georgia  by  the  War  Department  to  explain 
to  the  Eastern  Cherokees  "the  kind  of  soil,  climate  and  prospects 
that  await  them  in  the  West,  and  to  use,  in  his  discretion,  the  best 
methods  to  induce  the  Indians  residing  within  the  chartered  limits 
of  Georgia  to  emigrate."  He  was  furnished  with  money  by  the 
United  States  to  such  a  liberal  extent  that  it  aroused  the  cupidity  of 
the  whites,  and  they  so  plied  Rogers  with  strong  drink  that  his  mis- 
sion was  wholly  defeated.  He  was  sent  again  to  Georgia,  in  1835, 
by  his  own  people  on  a  like  errand,  and  on  that  occasion  was  suc- 
cessful. He  was  known  among  the  whites  as  Captain  Rogers,  as 
Broke-arm  Jim,  and  as  California  Jim,  the  latter  name  originating 
in  the  fact  that  he  visited  the  gold  fields  of  California  in  1849.     In 


240  [1824] 

the  Spadre  that  morning,  where  I  saw  the  grave  of 
Matthew  Lyon,  a  man  who  made  a  considerable  fig- 
ure in  poHtics  in  the  Alien  and  Sedition  times  of  John 
Adams.  "After  life's  fitful  fever  he  sleeps  well.'' 
At  Piney  I  saw  a  number  of  Indians,  and  enquired 
of  them  for  provisions.  We  are  hungry,  said  I,  and 
have  nothing  to  eat.  A  negro  woman  said  they  were 
starving  themselves  and  could  not  help  us  to  any- 
thing. I  told  the  man  we  should  be  compelled  to 
fast  until  we  reached  Weber's^  or  the  Missionaries. 
An  old  Indian  who  stood  behind  me  during  this  col- 
loquy, caught  hold  of  my  arm  as  I  started  on,  and 
with  a  sharp  enquiring  look  into  my  eyes,  exclaimed, 
"Nothing!  nothing  to  eat?"  Nothing  at  all,  said  I. 
"Come  with  me,"  said  he.  I  followed  him  about 
one  hundred  yards  up  the  bank  of  a  creek  where 
he  turned  up  a  hollow  and  entered  a  cabin  under  the 
brow  of  a  hill;  going  to  the  chimney  he  took  from 
within  it  a  stick  holding  three  pieces  of  bacon  and 
gave  me  two  of  them.  I  offered  him  money.  "No,'^ 
said  he,  "I  take  no  money,  but  when  you  meet  a  hun- 
gry Cherokee  share  with  him  whatever  you  have,  as 
I  have   shared  with  you."      Such  conduct   as  this, 

liis  later  years  he  lived  on  the  Arkansas  River,  between  the  Neosho 
and  the  Verdigris,  about  two  and  a  half  miles  west  of  Fort  Gibson. 
There,  for  a  time,  his  brother-in-law.  General  Sam  Houston,  was  a 
near  neighbor.  Rogers  died  at  an  advanced  age  in  the  early  seven- 
ties of  the  nineteenth  century. 

"^  "Mr.  Walter  Webber,  a  metjf,  who  acts  as  an  Indian  trader,  is 
also  a  chief  of  the  nation,;  and  lives  in  ease  and  affluence,  possessing 
a  decently  furnished  and  well  provided  house,  several  negro  slaves, 
a  large  well  cleared,  and  well  fenced  farm;  and  both  himself  and 
his  nephew  read,  write  and  speak  English."  (Nuttall).  Webber 
lived  at  the  foot  of  the  Dardanelle  hills  (Shinn),  in  what  is  now 
Pope  County,  Arkansas, 


[1824]  241 

thought  I,  is  practical  Christianity,  call  it  by  what 
name  you  please.  Parting  with  this  warm-hearted 
Indian,  we  hastened  on  towards  the  Missionary  sta- 
tion,^ which  we  reached  the  next  day.  This  was  sit- 
uated on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  and  was  com- 
posed of  about  one  hundred  persons,  old  and  young, 
who  occupied  some  twenty  buildings  arranged  in  a 
square.  Here  we  hoped  to  obtain  a  full  supply  of 
provisions,  being  informed  that  one  hundred  barrels 
of  pork  and  one  hundred  and  fifty  barrels  of  flour 
had  lately  arrived  for  the  use  of  the  Missionaries  and 
their  families.  Entering  the  town,  I  enquired  for 
and  found  the  head  of  the  concern,  named  Vail,  laid 
before  him  our  destitute  condition  and  misfortunes  in 
the  Camanche  country,  and  asked  him  for  provisions 
enough  to  last  us  to  the  settlements  on  the  Little  Red, 

8  This  was  the  Dwight  mission,  situated,  in  what  is  now  Pope 
County,  Arkansas,  on  the  west  side  of  Illinois  Creek,  about  four 
miles  north  of  the  Arkansas  River,  and  about  two  hundred  miles 
above  Arkansas  Post.  Work  was  begun  upon  the  clearing  of  the 
ground  and  the  building  of  the  mission  houses,  25  August  1820,  and 
the  "mission  family"  arrived  at  the  place  10  May  1821.  The  estab- 
lishment was  conducted  under  the  auspices  of  the  American  Board 
of  Foreign  Missions  whose  headquarters  were  at  Boston.  The  chiefs 
of  the  mission  were  the  Rev.  Alfred  Finney  and  the  Rev.  Cephas 
Washburn ;  the  attaches  were  mostly  from  Randolph,  Vermont. 
Washburn  seems  to  have  been  much  esteemed  by  the  people  of 
Arkansas,  but  the  memory  of  the  others  has  not  been  preserved. 
Liberal  extracts  from  the  Journal  of  the  Mission  are  published  in 
the  Missionary  Herald  for  1822,  ending,  however,  with  5  June  of 
that  year.  Later  volumes  of  the  Herald  have  been  carefully  exam- 
ined, but  nothing  has  been  found  relating  to  the  time  of  James'  visit. 

There  was  a  Rev.  William  F.  Vaill  who  was  principal  of  the 
Union  mission  among  the  Osages  at  this  time,  and  a  man  named  Vail 
who  was,  in  1821,  connected  with  the  Brainerd  mission  to  the  Chero- 
kees  east  of  the  Mississippi.  Both  the  Union  and  Brainerd  missions 
were  conducted  under  the  same  auspices  as  that  at  Dwight.  The 
journal  speaks  of  the  presence  of  the  former  at  Dwight  in  June  1821, 
but  no  person  of  the  name  is  spoken  of  as  being  in  authority  there. 


242  [1824] 

seventy  miles  below.  '*Well,"  said  he,  *'I  will  speak 
to  brother  such  a  one  about  it,"  and  went  away  for 
that  purpose.  Another  man  soon  came  up  and  asked 
me  how  much  we  wanted.  I  replied  about  one  hun- 
dred pounds  of  flour  and  fifty  of  pork.  "Well  I  vow 
and  declare,  I  don't  know  how  we  shall  be  able  to 
spare  it;  how  much  would  you  be  willing  to  give?" 
Any  reasonable  price,  said  I ;  what  do  you  ask.  We 
are  suffering  from  hunger  and  must  have  provisions. 
He  left  me,  saying  he  would  see  brother  Vail  about 
it  and  I  waited  an  hour  without  seeing  either  of  them. 
I  then  searched  out  brother  Vail  and  repeated  my  re- 
quest for  provisions.  He  vowed  and  declared  that 
he  did  not  think  they  had  more  than  enough  "to  do 
them  the  year  round."  I  then  asked  for  one-half 
the  quantity  I  had  named  before.  "We  have  a  very 
large  family,  and  if  we  should  get  out  we  could  not 
get  any  more  from  the  settlements."  I  said  that 
what  little  we  wanted  would  not  make  more  than  one 
meal  for  his  family,  and  he  could  easily  procure  a 
new  supply  to  prevent  any  suffering.  "Well,"  said 
he,  "what  would  you  be  willing  to  give?"  "Set  your 
own  price  on  your  property,"  said  I,  "and  I  will  give 
it,  as  I  cannot  do  without  provisions."  He  then 
went  away,  saying  he  would  see  the  others,  naming 
them.  Robert  McKnight  now  came  from  the  black- 
smith's shop,  where  he  had  got  his  mule  shod  on  the 
fore  feet  and  had  been  charged  for  that  service  the 
sum  of  two  dollars.  We  concluded  that  they  knew 
the  price  of  horse  shoes,  if  not  of  flour  and  pork. 
Again  I   sought  out  the   "brethren,"   Vail  and  the 


[1824]  243 

other,  reiterated  to  them  our  wants,  and  requested 
relief  as  before;  the  eternal  question  was  again  put, 
what  would  you  be  willing  to  give?  Anything  that 
you  choose  to  ask,  said  I.  "We  do  not  think  we  can 
spare  any  provisions,"  said  one.  They  were  waiting 
for  a  bid,  and  I  determined  not  to  huckster  with  the 
canting  hypocrites,  nor  gratify  them  by  paying  an 
outrageously  exorbitant  price,  which  they  were  ex- 
pecting to  get  from  my  necessities.  Without  further 
parley  I  left  them  and  w^ent  up  to  the  bakery  of  the 
Station,  where  some  of  my  company  were  trying  to 
get  some  bread.  I  offered  to  pay  for  whatever  they 
could  sell.  "No,  we  can't  sell  anything  without 
brother  Vall's  permission."  I  offered  to  buy  two  or 
three  bushels  of  fragments  of  bread,  which  I  noticed 
on  the  table  In  a  corner.  "We  use  them  In  soups  and 
for  puddings  and  do  not  waste  anything."  My  men 
were  now  furious  and  ready  to  take  possession  of  the 
bakery  and  divide  It  out  among  them.  With  great 
difficulty  I  restrained  them  from  this  act.  I  told 
them  they  would  render  us  all  Infamous  In  the  settle- 
ments as  robbers  of  the  Missionaries,  those  holy  men 
of  God;  that  we  should  be  regarded  with  horror  by 
all,  wherever  we  went.  If  we  preyed  upon  these  lamb- 
like and  charitable  christians.  I  told  them  we  must 
go  on  and  trust  to  Providence.  "What!"  said  Mc- 
Knlght,  "travel  on  without  provisions  when  there  are 
plenty  of  them  here.  I  w411  have  some,  If  need  be, 
by  force."  I  at  length  prevailed  on  them  to  start 
without  committing  any  depredation.  When  leaving 
the  town,  I  saw  Vail  at  a  distance,  rode  up  to  him 


244  [1824] 

and  asked,  "What  are  you  doing  here?"  "We  are 
instructing  the  Indians  in  the  Christian  religion."  "I 
think,"  said  I,  "you  might  learn  some  of  the  princi- 
ples of  your  religion  from  the  Indians  themselves. 
An  old  Cherokee  yesterday  gave  me  two  out  of  three 
pieces  of  meat  which  he  had,  and  refused  pay  for 
them  in  money.  He  told  me  to  do  the  same  by  a 
Cherokee  should  I  meet  one  in  want.  Here  you  are 
afraid  to  put  a  price  on  your  flour  and  meat  for  fear 
of  not  charging  enough.  You  wish  me  to  name  an 
exorbitant  price.  You  wish  to  make  the  most  out 
of  me  and  you  shall  make  nothing."  He  was  saying 
that  charity  began  at  home,  he  must  provide  for  his 
own  household,  and  so  forth,  as  I  left  him  in  disgust 
with  his  meanness  and  hypocrisy.  We  now  left  the 
river  and  bore  eastwardly,  and  that  evening  killed  a 
turkey,  upon  which  we  lived  two  days  and  a  half, 
when  we  reached  Little  Red  River,''  where  we  pro- 
cured an  excellent  dinner,  and  a  supply  of  food  from 
a  settler  whose  name  I  forgot.  This  was  the  first  meal 
we  had  eaten,  sufficient  to  break  our  fasts,  since  we 
had  left  James  Rogers'  house,  five  days  before. 

From  this  place  I  hastened  home  without  any  oc- 
currence of  note.  My  family  was  sick  when  I  ar- 
rived, and  my  creditors  soon  became  more  clamorous 

9  Little  Red  River  rises  in  Van  Buren  County,  Arkansas,  and  tra- 
verses Cleburne  and  White  Counties  to  its  confluence  with  White 
River,  at  a  point  directly  vs^est  and  about  seventy  five  miles  distant 
from  Memphis.  James  struck  the  Little  Red  at  about  the  point  where 
it  is  crosesd  by  the  ancient  Indian  trail  which  led  from  St.  Louis  to 
Natchitoches,  the  general  course  of  which  is  now  followed  by  the 
Iron  Mountain  rail  road.  It  was  by  this  trail  that  James  made  his 
way  homewards. 


[1824]  245 

than  ever;  each  endeavored  to  anticipate  the  others, 
and  the  executive  officers  of  all  the  courts,  from  the 
United  States  District  Court  down  to  those  of  Jus- 
tices of  the  Peace,  swarmed  around  me  like  insects 
in  August.     I  gave  up  all  my  property,  even  the  beds 
upon  which  my  children  were  born,  and  after  all  was 
sold,  though  the  officers  supposed  there  was  enough 
to  satisfy  the  judgments  against  me,  there  yet  re- 
mained a  large  amount  still  due.     The  whole  Is  now 
paid.     In  the  twenty  years  which  have  intervened  I 
discharged   all  my  debts  on  account  of  these  two 
expeditions  of  which  the  narration  is  now  closed. 
I  lost  by  them  about  the  sum  of  twelve  thousand  dol- 
lars, and  after  all  the  hardships  I  had  endured,  found 
myself  poorer  than  ever.     The  reader  has  been  told 
how  I  incurred  these  losses,  most  of  which  were,  per- 
haps, under  the  circumstances,  to  have  been  expected. 
I  was  the  first  American  that  ever  went  among  the 
Camanches  for  the  purpose  of  trading.     Before  my 
first  trip  among  them  their  name  was  unknown  to 
our  people ;  the  Americans  called  them  Pawnees  and 
knew  them  only  by  that  name.  They  were  then  wilder 
and  more  ignorant  of  our  power  than  now,  when  they 
have  probably  learned  that  we  do  not  all  live  in  one 
village,  and  have  derived  from  their  kindred  tribe, 
the  Pawnees,  and  other  neighbors,  a  tolerably  cor- 
rect Idea  of  our  strength  and  numbers.     Traders 
would  now  run  very  little  risk  of  the  robberies  which 
I  suffered  from  them,  and  probably  none  at  all  of 
being  killed  in  time  of  peace.    The  trade  would  now 
be  profitable ;  equally  so  as  when  I  was  among  them, 


246  [1824] 

and  from  the  greater  cheapness  of  goods  a  greater 
profit  could  be  made,  while  the  dangers  would  be 
far  less.     Were  it  not  for  advancing  age,  I  should 
repeat  the  adventures,  notwithstanding  their  unfor- 
tunate issues  heretofore.    Age,  however,  forbids  any 
farther  attempts  to  retrieve  my  fortune  in  this  man- 
ner.    I  have  been  enabled  through  the  real  friend- 
ship of  a  brother  to  support  my  family  and  give  my 
children  the  rudiments  and  foundation  of  an  educa- 
tion; which,  though  not  such  as  I  would  have  given 
them  had  better  fortune  attended  me,  is  sufficient, 
if  properly  improved,  to  enable  them  to  go  through 
the  world  with  honor  and  usefulness.     I  have  uni- 
formly endeavored  to  instil  in  their  minds  principles 
of  integrity  and  republicanism;  and  for  myself,  to 
bequeath,   as  the  richest  inheritance   I   could  leave 
them,  a  good  example  and  an  unsuUied  name.    With 
strong  bodies  and  habits  of  labor,  with  honor  and 
intelligence,  they  will  succeed  in  a  country  of  liberty 
and  equal  rights  to  all.     I  have  always  been  true  to 
my  country,  and  uniformly  studied  to  advance  the 
interests  of  my  countrymen  in  all  my  transactions 
with  the  savages  and  Spaniards;  and  I  have  my  re- 
ward in  the  satisfaction  derived  from  a  conscientious 
and    patriotic    discharge    of    duty  on  all  occasions. 
At  the  age  of  sixty-three,  with  broken  health,  I  feel 
none  of  the  peevishness  of  age ;  I  look  forward  cheer- 
fully and  hopefully  on  the  coming  days,  without 

"Shuddering  to  feel  their  shadows  o'er  me  creep," 

and  rejoice,  in  my  decHne,  over  the  rise  and  glorious 
prospects  of  my  country.     I  have  the  consolation  of 


[1824]  247 

being  able  to  recall  to  my  mind  several  manifesta- 
tions of  the  confidence  and  esteem  of  my  fellow-cit- 
izens, exerted  towards  me  at  a  time  when  the  hand 
of  misfortune  bore  heaviest  upon  my  head.  They 
did  me  the  honor,  in  eighteen  hundred  and  twenty- 
five,  of  electing  me  General  of  the  Second  Brigade, 
First  Division  of  the  Militia  of  Illinois,  an  office 
which  I  now  hold.  I  was  also  elected,  in  the  same 
year,  to  represent  the  county  of  Monroe  in  the  Leg- 
islature of  Illinois,  of  which  I  was  a  member  for  two 
sessions.  I  was  appointed  Post  Master  in  the  same 
county  in  eighteen  hundred  and  twenty-seven,  and 
have  held  the  appointment  ever  since. 

I  would  mention  my  agency  in  the  Black  Hawk 
War  of  eighteen  hundred  and  thirty-two,  in  which  I 
served  as  Major,  were  it  not  a  war  in  which  no 
honor  was  gained  by  any  one;  and  the  history  of 
which,  for  the  credit  of  the  country,  ought  never  to 
be  written. 

These  proofs  of  the  esteem  of  my  countrymen  are 
gratifying  and  consoling  amidst  the  difficulties  which 
have  so  long  weighed  me  down,  and  are  evidence  that 
a  generous  people  will  appreciate  the  intrinsic  char- 
acter of  a  man,  Independent  of  adventitious  circum- 
stances, the  frowns  or  the  favors  of  fortune. 


APPENDIX 

BIOGRAPHICAL   SKETCH   OF    THE   M  AND  AN   CHIEF, 

SHEHAKA 

SHE-HA-KA  (Sha-ha-ka,  She-he-ke,  or  Big  White)  was  given 
a  medal  by  Lewis  and  Clark  in  October,  1804,  in  recognition  of 
his  rank  as  chief,  which  medal  is  still  preserved  by  his  descend- 
ants. In  August,  1806,  on  the  return  of  Lewis  and  Clark  from 
the  Pacific,  She-ha-ka  accepted  their  invitation  to  visit  "their  great 
father"  at  Washington,  and  together  with  his  wife  (Yellow  Corn) 
and  his  son  (White-Painted  House)  and  his  interpreter  Rene  Jus- 
seaume,  his  wife  and  two  children,  embarked  with  them  for  the 
journey.  He  and  his  followers  visited  President  JeflFerson  at  Wash- 
ington, returned  to  St.  Louis,  and  in  1807  undertook  to  ascend  the 
Missouri  to  his  home.  He  was  driven  back  by  the  Arickaras  and 
remained  in  St.  Louis  until  June,  1809.  For  an  account  of  the  un- 
successful journey  in  1807,  see  letter  of  Nathaniel  Prior,  Annals  of 
Iowa,  3d  series,  vol.  i,  p.  616,  and  Letter  of  Rene  Jusseaume,  4  Mo. 
Hist.  Soc.  Collections^  p.  234.  Brackenridge  met  him  in  181 1,  and 
says  of  him, — "He  is  a  fine  looking  Indian  and  very  intelligent — 
his  complexion  fair,  very  little  diflPerent  from  that  of  a  white  man 
much  exposed  to  the  sun.  His  wife  had  also  accompanied  him — 
had  a  good  complexion  and  agreeable  features.  They  had  returned 
home  loaded  with  presents,  but  have  since  fallen  into  disrepute 
from  the  extravagant  tales  which  they  related  as  to  what  they  had 
witnessed ;  for  the  Mandans  treated  with  ridicule  the  idea  of  there 
being  a  greater  or  more  numerous  people  than  themselves.  He  is 
a  man  of  mild  and  gentle  disposition — expressed  a  wish  to  come 
and  live  among  the  whites,  and  spoke  sensibly  of  the  insecurity,  the 
ferocity  of  manners,  and  the  ignorance  of  the  state  of  society  in 
which  he  was  placed.  He  is  rather  inclining  to  corpulency,  a  lit- 
tle talkative,  which  is  regarded  among  the  Indians  as  a  great  de- 
fect ;  add  to  this  his  not  being  celebrated  as  a  warrior ;  such  celeb- 
rity can  alone  confer  authority  and  importance  or  be  regarded 
meritorious  in  this  state  of  society."  Brackenridge's  Journal  of  a 
Voyage  up  the  Missouri  River  in  1811,  2d  Ed. 

An  unpublished  contemporary  manuscript  in  the  archives  of  the 
Missouri   Historical    Society  contains   these   entries   regarding  him: 
"Tuesday  27   [August  1812], — the  Big  White,  Mandan  Chief,   ar- 
248 


Appendix  240 

rived  with  several  of  his  braves  and  family  to  pay  a  visit;  he  had 
a  few  robes  which  he  traded,  and  took  some  articles  on  credit." 
"Saturday  the  3d  [October  1812] — at  sunset  2  Mandans  arrived 
with  the  sad  news  of  the  Big  White  and  Little  Crow  being  killed 
by  the  Big  bellies  and  3  Mandans  wounded:  the  Big  bellies  had 
II  men  killed  and  a  number  wounded."  The  family  tradition  is 
that  he  was  killed  by  the  Sioux,  which  is  evidently  erroneous.  He 
was  about  forty  six  years  old  at  the  time  of  his  death.  For  some 
particulars  about  the  family  see  Collections  of  the  North  Dakota 
Historical  Society,  Vol.  2,  p.  470. 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  NATHANIEL  PRYOR 

NATHANIEL  PRYOR  was  born  in  Virginia;  the  date  and  place 
of  his  birth  have  not  been  discovered,  but  the  place  was  prob- 
ably in  Amherst  County.  His  Pryor  ancestry  is  untraceable;  his 
mother  was  a  daughter  of  William  Floyd  and  Abadiah  Davis  who 
were  married  in  Amherst  County  in  1747.  Abadiah  was  daughter 
of  Nathaniel  Davis  whose  wife  was  the  daughter  of  Nicketti,  the 
daughter  of  the  Chief  Powhatan  and  the  sister  of  Pocahontas. 
Through  the  Davises,  Pryor  was  also  connected  with  the  Shelbys, 
the  Lewises,  the  Cabells  and  with  President  Jefferson  Davis.  Na- 
thaniel Pryor  probably  removed  to  Kentucky  with  the  family  of  his 
uncle  Charles  Floyd.  At  Louisville,  in  1803,  Pryor  and  his  cousin 
Charles  Floyd  joined  Lewis  and  Clark,  and  both  were  given  the 
rank  of  sergeant  in  the  party.  After  his  return  from  the  Pacific 
Pryor  entered  the  army,  receiving  an  appointment  as  ensign  in  the 
ist  U.  S.  Infantry,  27  February,  1807,  and  of  second  lieutenant, 
3  May,  1808.  On  i  April,  18 10,  he  resigned.  After  leaving  the 
army  he  seems  to  have  gone  to  the  Dubuque  lead  mines  and  traded 
in  lead  with  the  Indians  (Bradbury,  p.  225).  He  again  joined 
the  army,  30  August,  18 13,  being  appointed  first  lieutenant  in  the 
44th  Infantry,  and  on  i  October,  18 14,  he  became  captain.  He 
was  honorably  discharged  after  the  close  of  the  war,  on  15  June, 
1815.  He  then  engaged  in  trade  at  Arkansas  Post  under  the  name 
of  Pryor  and  Richards.  How  long  he  remained  there  is  not  known. 
James  found  him  among  the  Osages  in  1821,  living  as  one  of  the 
tribe  (see  Chapter  III).  And  he  went  that  year  to  New  Mexico 
with  Glenn's  party,  apparently  as  a  trapper  (Fowler's  Journal). 
Later  he  had  a  trading  house  on  the  Verdigris  River  among  the 


250  Appendix 

Osages,  where  he  was  supplied  with  goods  by  Abraham  Gallatin 
of  St.  Louis  (a  brother  of  Albert  Gallatin).  He  died  in  1831.  His 
only  estate  was  a  small  amount  of  money  held  for  him  by  Governor 
Clark,  much  less  than  his  debt  to  Gallatin.  Pryor  was  a  man  of 
character  and  ability,  but  yielding  to  the  fascination  of  the  free 
life  among  the  Indians  he  made  no  effective  use  of  his  talents.  A 
stream  in  Montana  and  a  creek  and  a  town  in  Oklahoma  bear  his 
name. 

ARTICLES    OF   AGREEMENT,    ST.    LOUIS   MISSOURI   FUR 

COMPANY 

Articles  of  Association  and  Copartnership  made  and  entered 
into  by  and  between  Benjamin  Wilkinson,  Pierre  Chouteau,  senior, 
Manuel  Lisa,  Augustin  Chouteau,  junior,  Reuben  Lewis,  William 
Clark  and  Sylvestre  Labbadie  all  of  the  town  of  St.  Louis  and 
Territory  of  Louisiana,  and  Pierre  Menard  and  William  Morrison 
of  the  town  of  Kaskaskia  in  the  Territory  of  Indiana,  and  also 
Andrew  Henry  of  Louisiana,  for  the  purposes  of  trading  and  hunt- 
ing up  the  river  Missouri  and  to  the  head  waters  thereof  or  at 
such  other  place  or  places  as  a  majority  of  the  subscribing  co-part- 
ners may  elect,  viz: 

Article  ist.  This  association  shall  be  called  and  known  by  the 
style  &  firm  of  the  St.  Louis  Missouri  fur  Company;  each  mem- 
ber of  which  shall  sign  and  subscribe  these  articles  of  association, 
and  shall  be  bound  to  furnish  for  the  joint  benefit  of  the  company 
to  compose  the  outfits  requisite  for  such  expedition,  and  generally 
to  pay  equal  proportions  of  all  and  every  expenses  whatsoever, 
which  may  be  deemed  expedient  by  the  aforesaid  majority  of  the 
company  in  order  to  carry  on  the  above  mentioned  objects  of  trad- 
ing  and   hunting. 

Article  2nd.  Each  member  of  the  association  shall  be  obliged  to 
accompany  the  expedition  in  person  or  to  send  some  person  or  per- 
sons, to  be  approved  of  by  a  majority  of  the  company;  and  each 
member  of  the  company  failing  to  do  so,  shall  pay  the  sum  of  five 
hundred  dollars  per  annum  for  the  benefit  of  and  to  be  divided 
amongst  such  of  the  co-partners  as  may  accompany  the  expedition. 

Article  3d.  Each  partner  binds  and  obliges  himself  to  do  every 
thing  which  may  be  in  his  power  for  the  joint  benefit  of  the  com- 
pany  during   the   period   of  time   fixed   upon   for  the   existence   of 


Appendix  25 1 

these  articles  of  association;  to  refrain  from  trading  directly  or 
indirectly  with  all  and  every  party  or  nations  of  Indians  or  the 
men  employed  by  the  company  contrary  to  the  true  spirit  and 
meaning  of  these  articles  of  co-partnership  or  contrary  to  the  joint 
interest  and  benefit  of  the  company.  And  it  is  expressly  agreed 
and  understood  that  if  any  member  of  the  company  shall  during 
the  existence  of  these  articles,  be  discovered  or  known  to  traffic  or 
trade  for  his  own  separate  or  individual  interest  or  contrary  to  the 
true  spirit  and  meaning  of  these  articles  of  association  he  shall  not 
only  forfeit  &  pay  for  the  joint  benefit  of  the  Company  all  his  por- 
tion of  the  stock  and  profits  but  also  to  be  forever  thereafter  ex- 
cluded from  the  Company.  Provided  however  that  a  majority  of 
all  the  members  agree  to  such  forfeiture  and  expulsion. 

Article  4th.  No  member  of  this  Company  shall  during  the  ex- 
istence of  these  articles  be  permitted  to  traffic  or  trade  with  any 
party  or  nation  of  Indians,  nor  with  any  other  nation  or  descrip- 
tion of  men  whatsoever  at  or  above  the  Mandane  nation  of  In- 
dians or  their  towns,  villages  or  usual  places  of  residence  for  his 
or  their  separate  and  individual  profit,  nor  contrary  to  the  true 
intent  and  meaning  of  these  articles,  and  that  a  breach  of  this 
article  shall  subject  the  party  offending  to  the  same  penalties  for 
the  same  uses,  and  also  to  expulsion  as  specified  in  the  last  preced- 
ing article. 

Article  5th.  And  whereas  the  above  named  Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre 
Menard  and  William  Morrison  were  lately  associated  in  a  trading 
expedition  up  the  said  River  Missouri  and  have  now  a  fort  estab- 
lished on  the  waters  of  the  Yellow  Stone  river,  a  branch  of  the 
Missoury,  at  which  said  fort  they  have  as  is  alleged  by  them  a 
quantity  of  Merchandise  and  also  a  number  of  horses. 

Now  therefore  it  is  agreed  that  this  Company  is  to  accept  from 
them  the  said  Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre  Menard  &  William  Morrison 
all  the  merchandise  they  may  have  on  hand  at  the  time  the  first 
expedition  to  be  sent  up  by  this  Company  shall  arrive  at  said  fort. 
Provided  however  that  the  same  is  not  then  dammaged,  and  if  the 
same  or  any  part  thereof  should  be  dammaged  then  the  company 
shall  only  be  bound  to  receive  such  parts  and  parcels  thereof  as 
may  be  fit  for  trading  or  such  parts  as  may  not  be  dammaged,  and 
for  the  whole  or  such  parts  thereof  as  may  be  received  by  a  ma- 
jority of  the  other  members  of  this  company  then  present  this  com- 


2r2  Appendix 

pany  is  to  allow  and  pay  them  the  said  Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre  Menard 
&  William  Morrison  one  hundred  per  centum  of  the  first  cost. 

Article  6th.  The  present  company  is  also  bound  to  receive  from 
said  Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre  Menard  &  William  Morrison  the  num- 
ber of  thirty  eight  horses  which  it  is  alleged  had  been  left  by  them 
at  said  fort  when  Manuel  Lisa  took  his  departure  from  there  or  so 
many  of  said  Horses  as  a  majority  of  the  other  members  of  this 
Company  then  present  may  approve  of,  and  to  allow  and  pay  them 
the  sum  of  thirty  dollars  for  each  Horse  so  approved  of  and  ac- 
cepted. This  Company  is  also  bound  to  receive  from  them  the  said 
Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre  Menard  &  William  Morrison  such  other 
Horses  the  number  and  quality  of  which  to  be  approved  of  in  like 
manner  as  may  have  been  purchased  by  their  agent  for  them  at 
said  fort,  at  the  time  the  aforesaid  expedition  shall  arrive  there 
and  which  may  then  be  delivered  for  which  this  Company  is  to 
allow  any  pay  them  the  first  cost  of  the  merchandise  paid  for  said 
Horses  and  also  one  hundred  per  centum  on  the  first  cost  thereof. 
Article  7th.  All  the  Horses  purchased  by  the  agent  of  said 
Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre  Menard  &  William  Morrison  since  the  depar- 
ture of  Manuel  Lisa  from  said  fort,  for  money  or  Peltry,  and  which 
shall  be  accepted  and  approved  of  as  aforesaid  are  to  be  received 
by  this  Company  at  first  cost  to  be  paid  said  Manuel  Lisa,  Pierre 
Menard  &  William  Morrison. 

Article  8.  Every  person  approved  of  &  accepted  as  above  men- 
tioned to  act  as  the  agents  of  any  absent  member  of  this  Company 
shall  always  be  subject  to  the  orders  of  a  majority  of  the  Com- 
pany then  present,  and  on  refusal  so  to  do  shall  thereupon  be  dis- 
charged and  the  Partner  for  whom  he  acted,  shall  be  bound  to  pay 
the  same  sum  of  money  annually  as  those  who  neither  attend  the 
expedition  in  person  nor  furnish  an  agent,  the  time  to  be  com- 
puted from  the  time  such  agent  shall  be  discharged.  Which  said 
annual  sum  shall  also  be  for  the  exclusive  benefit  of  such  mem- 
bers of  the  Company  as  may  be  with  the  expedition. 

Article  9th.  When  the  aforesaid  expedition  shall  arrive  at  or 
above  the  Mandan  nation  of  Indians,  each  partner  accompanying 
the  expedition  shall  be  bound  to  proceed  to  &  reside  at  such  post 
or  places  as  may  be  designated  for  him  by  a  majority  of  the  Com- 
pany then  present  and  also  when  there  to  do  and  perform  as  far 
as  may  be  possible  all  those  duties  required  of  him  by  such  ma- 
jority of  the  Company.     Each  member  failing  to  comply  with  this 


Appendix  253 

article  shall  be  bound  to  forfeit  and  pay  to  the  Company  one  thou- 
sand Dollars  per  annum  to  be  computed  from  the  time  of  the  first 
breach  of  this  article  in  each  year  untill  he  shall  comply  with  the 
aforesaid  duties  required  of  him  by  such  majority. 

Article  loth.  The  members  of  this  association  having  contracted 
with  his  Excellency  governor  Lewis  to  convey  the  chief  of  the  Man- 
dan  Indians  now  at  St.  Louis  to  his  nation:  It  is  hereby  agreed 
that  Pierre  Chouteau  senior  shall  have  the  command  and  complete 
control  of  this  present  expedition:  to  have  the  full  direction  of  the 
march ;  to  have  the  command  of  such  officers  as  may  be  appointed 
under  him;  to  point  out  their  duties  and  give  each  officer  his  com- 
mand agreeably  to  rank — so  far  as  the  company  is  bound  by  the 
aforesaid  contract  with  the  Executive  to  observe  Military  Disci- 
pline. 

Article  nth.  Manuel  Lisa  and  Benjamin  Wilkinson  are  hereby 
appointed  factors  to  trade  with  the  Indians  or  men  employed  by 
the  Company,  they  shall  keep  just  and  fair  accounts  of  all  their 
Company  transactions  subject  to  the  inspection  of  the  Company  or 
any  member  of  the  Company  at  all  times,  to  use  their  utmost  in- 
dustry, skill  and  knowledge  for  the  benefit  of  the  company,  to  make 
purchases  of  peltry  and  merchandise,  to  engage  men  and  draw 
bills  of  exchange  on  the  agent  of  the  Company  hereinafter  men- 
tioned residing  at  St.  Louis  for  such  purchases  &  engagements  to 
the  full  amount  of  the  funds  which  such  agent  may  have  in  his 
hands  belonging  to  the  Company  and  at  that  time  unappropriated 
by  the   Company. 

Article  12th.  No  f)urchases  of  Merchandise  are  to  be  made  with- 
out the  consent  and  approbation  of  a  majority  of  the  Company. 

Article  13th.  The  above  mentioned  factors  are  to  continue  as 
such  during  their  pleasure  or  that  of  a  Majority  of  the  company 
and  to  be  subject  to  no  responsability  except  for  personal  neglect 
or  willful  waste  of  the  goods  or  property  they  may  have  in  charge 
or  possession. 

Article  14th.  William  Clark  is  hereby  appointed  agent  of  this 
company  to  reside  at  the  Town  of  Saint  Louis.  He  is  to  receive  all 
Peltries,  furs,  monies  or  other  property  sent  or  delivered  to  him  by 
the  Company  or  any  member  thereof;  and  the  same  to  keep  &  pre- 
serve in  the  best  manner  he  can  for  the  interest  of  the  company, 
untill  the  same  shall  be  divided,  and  for  the  preservation  and  keep- 
ing of  said  Peltries,  furs  or  other  property  of  the  company  the  said 


254  Appendix 

agent  shall  be  paid  and  allowed  all  necessary  expenditures  made 
by  him. 

Article  15th.  Whenever  any  Peltries,  furs  or  other  property  be- 
longing to  the  company  shall  be  sent  down  and  delivered  to  said 
agent,  the  same  shall  be  (as  speedily  thereafter  as  may  be)  divided 
equally  between  all  the  partners,  and  their  respective  proportions 
paid  to  them  or  their  agents  on  demand. 

Article  i6th.  Should  the  company  or  a  Majority  thereof  deem 
it  expedient  to  purchase  a  greater  quantity  of  Merchandize,  or  en- 
gage a  greater  number  of  men  than  may  at  any  time  be  had  on 
hand  or  engaged,  the  aforesaid  agent  is  to  purchase  the  said  Mer- 
chandize and  engage  the  men  on  the  best  possible  terms,  for  the 
interest  of  the  Company,  always  having  regard  to  the  Inventories 
of  such  articles  as  may  from  time  to  time  be  forwarded  to  him  by 
the  aforesaid  factors,  for  all  of  which  said  purchases  of  merchan- 
dize or  engagement  of  men  each  member  of  the  Company  shall  be 
bound  to  pay  an  equal  part  of  the  expense. 

Article  17th.  It  is  agreed  that  Pierre  Chouteau  senior,  Manuel 
Lisa  and  Pierre  Menard  are  to  be  thefirst  of  the  co-partners  accom- 
panying the  expedition  who  will  be  permitted  to  return  to  St. 
Louis.  They  will  however  each  be  bound  under  the  penalty  men- 
tioned in  the  Second  article  either  personally  to  return  to  their 
respective  posts  or  join  the  expedition  up  the  river  during  the 
Spring  succeeding  their  arrival  at  Saint  Louis ;  or  to  send  an  Agent 
as  is  also  provided  in  the  Second  article;  to  act  in  their  place — 
and  in  ascertaining  the  amount  of  forfeitures  for  a  breach  of  this 
article  the  time  shall  be  computed  from  the  arrival  of  the  party  at 
the  Town  of  St.  Louis ;  which  said  forfeitures  shall  also  be  ap- 
plied &  appropriated  as  is  provided  in  the  aforesaid  Second  ar- 
ticle. 

Article  i8th.  Benjamin  Wilkinson  &  Augustus  Chouteau  Junior 
are  to  be  the  next  members  of  this  Company  accompanying  the 
expedition  who  will  be  permitted  to  return  to  Saint  Louis  subject 
to  the  same  provisions  as  are  Contained  in  the  preceding  article 
and  those  of  Article  Second. 

Article  19.  No  person  shall  hereafter  be  admitted  to  become  a 
member  of  this  company  unless  by  the  unanimous  consent  of  every 
partner. 

Article  20th.  The  foregoing  articles  of  association  and  Co  part- 
nership are  to  have  eflFect  and  continue  in  force  for  and  to  the  full 


Appendix  255 

end  and  expiration  of  the  term  of  three  years  from  and  after  the 
date  hereof,  subject  to  such  alterations  as  a  majority  of  the  Com- 
pany may  deem  necessary. 

In  testimony  of  which  we  &  each  of  us  have  hereunto  subscribed 
our  names  at  the  Town  of  St.  Louis  this  seventh  day  of  March 
eighteen  hundred  &  nine — interlined  in  tenth  line  from  beginning 
before  signed,  and  also  Dennis  fitzhugh  of  Louisville  Kentucky. 

Signed  in  presence  of  Pre  Chouteau 

Meriwether  Lewis  Manuel  Lisa 

Requier  Ben  Wilkinson 

Stre  Labbadie 
A.  P.  Chouteau 

Ben  Wilkinson  for  Reuben  Lewis 
Wm  Clark. 

Manuel  Lisa  pr  Pierre  Menard 
Manuel  Lisa  pr  William  Morrison 
Andrew  Henry 

Article  21.  Previous  to  the  division  of  the  Peltry  fur  and  other 
property  mentioned  in  article  15  all  expenditure  of  whatever  nature 
incurred  by  the  Company  previous  to  said  Division  shall  first  be 
deducted  from  the  gross  amount  of  Property  to  be  divided  as  speci- 
fied in  said  article. 

Article  22.  William  Clark  &  Pierre  Chouteau  or  either  of  them 
in  the  absence  of  the  others  are  hereby  appointed  and  fully  author- 
ized by  the  Company  to  sign  and  execute  all  notes,  bills,  obligations, 
receipts  discharges  &  acquittances  for  and  in  behalf  of  the  Company. 

Meriwether  Lewis  Pre  Chouteau 

Requier  Manuel  Lisa 

Ben  Wilkinson 
A  P  Chouteau 
Manuel  Lisa  Pr  Pre  Menard 
Manuel  Lisa  pr  William  Morrison 
Ben  Wilkinson  for  Reuben  Lewis 
Andrew  Henry  Stre  Labbadie 

two  interlineations  approved 


2/- 6  Appendix 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCHES  OF  THE  PARTNERS  IN  THE 

FUR  COMPANY 


.Benjamln  Wilkin- 
^  SON  was  a  son  of 
^^^  General  Joseph  Wil- 
kinson, of  Maryland,  and  a  nephew  of  General  James  Wilkinson. 
He  entered  the  army  at  an  early  age  and  was  commissioned  second 
lieutenant  of  the  Third  Infantry  i6  February  1801,  promoted  to 
first  lieutenant  15  January  1803,  and  resigned  30  November  1803. 
He  came  to  St.  Louis  in  1805,  and  entered  into  partnership  with 
Risdon  H.  Price,  who  was  also  from  Maryland,  under  the  name  of 
Wilkinson  and  Price. 

They  conducted  a  sutler's  store  at  Fort  Bellefontaine,  and  also  did 
business  in  St.  Louis,  where  they  advertised,  in  July  1808,  that  they 
would  pay  cash  for  bills  of  exchange  on  the  government. 

Wilkinson  was  in  August  1808  elected  captain  of  a  St.  Louis  com- 
pany of  Volunteers  for  defence  against  the  Indians.  He  was  active 
in  promoting  the  Fur  Company,  but  did  not  go  up  the  river.  He 
died  at  sea  in  December,  1809,  on  his  way  from  St.  Louis  to  Balti- 
more, 'via  New  Orleans.  His  estate  was  administered  upon  in  St. 
Louis  by  his  kinsman  Walter  Wilkinson. 

PIERRE  CHOUTEAU  was  born  at  New  Orleans  10  October  1758. 
He  came  to  St.  Louis  in  September  1764  and  died  there  10  July,  1849. 
He  was  a  half  brother  of  Colonel  Auguste  Chouteau.  Pierre  Chou- 
teau at  an  early  age  engaged  with  his  brother  in  trade  with  the 
Osages,  and  in  1795  was  appointed  lieutenant  of  militia  and  com- 
mandant of  Fort  Carondelet  which  was  situated  in  what  is  now 
Vernon  County,  Missouri  (Houck's  Spanish  Regime  in  Missouri, 
I.  p.  loi).  In  1804,  he  was  appointed  by  President  Jefferson, 
United  States  Agent  for  the  Osages,  which  position  he  held  for 
many  years.  Victor  Tixier,  who  met  him  in  1840,  on  a  voyage 
from  New  Orleans  to  St.  Louis,  says:  "Major  Chouteau,  to  whom 
I  was  particularly  recommended,  showed  me  much  care  and  at- 
tention. The  Major  is  one  of  those  men  whose  natural  goodness 
is  apparent  in  his  physiognomy.  He  lived  a  long  time  on  the 
prairies  the  life  of  the  Osages.  He  was  one  of  the  best  hunters  of 
that  nation,  with  which  he  was  engaged  in  the  fur  trade."     "To- 


Appendix  257 

day,"  said  he,  "since  age  is  coming  on,  I  rest  from  my  labors; 
formerly  I  lost  little  time  in  the  schools,  and  I  acquired  ray  educa- 
tion in  the  school  of  the  Osages  (a  I'academie  osage)."  Voyage 
aux  Prairies  Osages.  After  his  retirement  he  lived  at  St.  Louis  on 
his  plantation  near  the  present  Fairground  Park.  His  plantation 
home  was  a  place  to  which  all  celebrities  visiting  St.  Louis  were 
taken,  and  in  the  books  of  travel  of  that  day  frequent  mention  of 
visits  to  him  is  made.  Mr.  Peyton  who  was  his  guest  in  1848, 
when  he  was  over  ninety  years  old,  tells  of  his  quoting  Horace  in 
the  original,  which  shows  that  not  all  of  his  education  was  obtained 
among  the  Osages.  He  served  as  chairman  of  the  board  of  trus- 
tees of  the  village  of  St.  Louis,  and  he  was  lieutenant,  captain,  and 
major  in  the  Territorial  militia;  which  last  title  clung  to  him  for 
the  remainder  of  his  life.  He  was  twice  married,  first  to  Pelagic 
Kiersereau  and  second  to  Brigitte,  daughter  of  Francois  Saucier. 
He  had  nine  children — eight  sons  and  one  daughter. 

MANUEL  LISA  was  a  son  of  Cristobal  de  Lisa,  a  native  of 
Murcia  in  Spain,  and  Maria  Ignacia  Rodriguez,  who  was  born  at 
St.  Augustine,  Florida.  Manuel  was  born  in  Lower  Louisiana 
about  1776.  He  engaged  in  the  Indian  trade  at  an  early  age  and 
made  several  voyages  from  New  Orleans  to  the  Wabash.  He  came 
to  St.  Louis  in  1799,  and  engaged  at  first  in  the  Osage  trade  of 
which  he  obtained  a  monopoly  from  the  Spanish  government.  His 
first  voyage  up  the  Missouri  was  in  1807,  and  from  that  time  until 
his  untimely  death  in  1820,  he  was  the  recognized  leader  in  the 
Missouri  River  trade.  His  influence  with  and  control  over  the  In- 
dians was  very  great,  because,  as  he  says,  he  treated  them  as 
friends  and  not  as  objects  of  pillage.  He  had  many  bitter  enemies 
and  some  devoted  friends.  He  was  suspected  and  accused  of  wrong 
doing,  but  a  study  of  his  acts  shows  convincingly  that  these  accu- 
sations were  unfounded. 

He  died  in  St.  Louis  12  August,  1820.  He  was  twice  married 
among  the  whites,  but  his  only  living  descendants  are  the  children 
and  grand  children  of  his  daughter  Rosalie,  whose  mother  was  of 
the  Omaha  nation.  Further  particulars  about  him  may  be  found  in 
a  sketch  of  his  life  in  3  Mo.  Hist.  Soc.  Collections,  pp.  233,  367. 

"His  active  and  eventful  life,  his  palatial  residence  of  that  day, 
his  remarkable  Indian  acquaintance  and  his  popularity  [with  the 
Indians],    his    very    extensive    fur    trading    establishment,    and    his 


2rg  Appendix 

character  for  probity  and  honor  point  him  out  as  one  of  the  great 
builders  of  the  fame  of  St.  Louis."  (Shepard,  The  Early  History 
of  St.  Louis  and  Missouri^  56.) 

AUGUSTE  PIERRE   CHOUTEAU  was  the  eldest  son  of  Pierre 
Chouteau   and  his  first  wife  Pelagic  Kierserau.     He  was  born  at 
St.  Louis  9  May  1786,  and  died  at  his  trading  post  and  plantation 
at  the  Grand   Saline  on  the  Neosho  river  about  fifty  miles  above 
Fort  Gibson,   in  what  is  now  Oklahoma,   25   December   1838.     He 
was  graduated  from  the  United  States  Military  Academy  at  West 
Point  in  June  1806,  and  appointed  Ensign  in  the  Second  Infantry. 
He  served  on  the  south  west  frontier,  threatened  by  a  Spanish  in- 
vasion  from   Texas,    as   aide-de-camp  to   General   Wilkinson.     He 
resigned  from  the  army  13  January  1807.     He  commanded  a  trad- 
ing expedition  up  the  Missouri  River  in   1807,  which  was  accom- 
panied  by   a   military   detachment   under  the  command   of  Ensign 
Nathaniel   Pryor  which  was  sent  to  carry  the  Mandan  Chief  She- 
haka  to  his  home.     They  were  attacked  by  the  Arikaras,  two  of 
Chouteau's  men  were  killed,  and  both  parties  driven  back.    Chou- 
teau went  up  the  river  again  in   1809  with  the  party  the  story  of 
whose  adventures  is  here  told  by  James.     He  returned  to  St.  Louis 
in  May,    18 10.     In  the  War  of   18 12   he  served   as  captain  in  the 
Missouri  Territorial  Militia.     In  1813  he  was  appointed  Judge  of 
the   Court  of   Common  Pleas  by  acting  governor  Bates,    and  took 
his  seat  on  March  i  of  that  year,  but  does  not  appear  to  have  con- 
tinued in  service.     In  1815  he  and  Jules  de  Mun  of  St.  Louis  fitted 
out  an  expedition  to  go  to  the  head  waters  of  the  Arkansas  River 
to  trap  beaver  and  to  trade  with  the  Arapahoes  and  neighboring 
Indians.     They  were  successful  until  the  spring  of  18 17,  when  they 
and  their  men  were  captured  by  the  Spanish  and  taken  to  Santa 
Fe,  where  Chouteau  and  de  Mun  were  put  in  irons  and  their  prop- 
erty to  the  value  of  over  $30,000  was  confiscated.     They  were  kept 
"in    the   dungeons   of   Santa    Fe"    for   forty   eight   days   when   they 
were  released  and  allowed  to  return  home,  "each  with  one  of  the 
worst  horses  we  had."     A  claim  for  indemnity  was  made  against 
the  Spanish  government,  which  was  paid  long  after  the  death  of 
both   Chouteau   and   de   Mun. 

After  his  return  from  New  Mexico,  Chouteau  engaged  in  trade 
with  the  South-western  Indians,  maintaining  an  establishment  on 
the  Neosho  River,  one   at  Camp   Holmes  near  the  junction  of  the 


Appendix  259 

Little  River  with  the  Canadian,  another  on  the  Canadian  near 
where  is  the  present  town  of  Norman,  and  another  on  the  Cache 
River  near  the  present  town  of  Lawton.  Nearly  all  of  the  trav- 
ellers through  that  country  mentioned  Col.  Chouteau  with  great 
praise  for  his  hospitality  and  courtesy. 

Latrobe  says  of  him:  "The  Colonel  whom  we  considered  for  the 
time  being  the  head  of  the  party,  generally  led  the  van,  a  fine,  good 
humored,  shrewd  man,  of  French  descent,  with  claims  both  to  for- 
tune and  family  in  Missouri.  As  our  conductor,  we  were  all  be- 
holden to  his  courteous  manners,  and  extensive  information  on 
every  subject  connected  with  the  country  and  its  red  inhabitants, 
for  much  of  our  comfort  and  entertainment.  In  the  pursuit  of  his 
profession  of  Indian  trader,  he  had  often  dared  captivity  and  death. 
Among  the  Osages,  whose  principal  trader  and  organ  with  govern- 
ment he  had  long  been,  he  was  supposed,  and  I  believe  justly,  to 
possess  the  greatest  influence.  In  fact  he  had  been  brought  up 
from  his  early  bo\^hood,  more  or  less  in  their  camps,  had  hunted, 
feasted,  fought  with  and  for  them,  and  was  considered  by  them  as 
a  chief  and  a  brother.  From  him  we  were  glad  to  take  our  first 
lessons  in  hunting,  camping  and  backwoodsman's  craft,  and  en- 
joyed our  first  peep  at  that  kind  of  life,  which  judging  from  his 
fine  vigorous  person,  and  the  health  shining  on  his  sun-burned 
features,  was,  with  all  its  hardships,  congenial  to  health  and  good 
humor."  (1832.)  The  Rambler  in  North  America,  New  York, 
1835,  Vol.  I,  p.  116. 

William  Waldo  says:  "Of  all  the  great  house  of  Chouteau, 
Auguste  was  the  most  brilliant  and  gifted.  He  was  a  favorite 
with  General  Jackson  during  his  presidency,  and  w^as  consulted  by 
him  more  than  was  any  other  man  in  the  United  States  upon  all 
questions  connected  with  the  numerous  Indian  tribes.  Two  years 
before  General  Sam.  Houston  left  the  Cherokee  country  with  the 
secret  purpose  of  revolutionizing  Texas,  he,  under  the  injunction 
of  confidence,  laid  all  his  plans  before  his  friend  Colonel  Chouteau 
and  invited  him  to  join  in  the  enterprise.  Chouteau,  being  then 
advanced  in  life,  declined  the  proposition,  but  honorably  kept  the 
secret  until  after  the  independence  of  Texas  had  been  accomplished. 
(Manuscript  in   archives  of  Missouri   Historical   Society.) 

Colonel  Chouteau  was  serving  as  United  States  Indian  Commis- 
sioner at  the  time  of  his  death.  He  married  at  St.  Louis  13  August 
1 8 14,  according  to  the  Church  Register,  his  cousin  Sophie,  daughter 


26o  Appendix 

of  Sylvestre  Labbadie,  who,  with  one  son  and  five  daughters,  sur- 
vived him.  Col.  Chouteau  was  buried  in  the  garrison  burying 
ground  at  Fort  Gibson  with  full  military  honors. 


Reuben  Lewis 
was  born  in 
Albemarle 

County,  Virginia,  14  February,  1777,  and  died  there  in  1844.  He 
was  the  only  brother  of  Meriwether  Lewis  with  whom  he  came  to 
Missouri  in  1807,  when  the  latter  assumed  the  Governorship  of  the 
Louisiana  Territory.  Reuben  was  appointed  by  his  brother  as  sub- 
agent  of  Indian  affairs,  and  as  such  was  present  at  Fort  Osage,  10 
November,  1808,  when  a  treaty  was  made  with  the  Osages.  He 
became  a  partner  in  the  St.  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Company  and  went 
up  the  river  in  1809,  and  remained  there,  in  command  of  one  of 
the  forts,  until  1812.  He  was  again  appointed  to  the  Indian  De- 
partment, by  Governor  Clark,  and  served  as  agent  at  Arkansas 
for  the  Quapas  and  Cherokees.  He  left  the  service  in  1820  and  re- 
turned to  Virginia,  making  his  home  on  the  family  plantation  near 
Charlottesville.     He  married,  in  1822,  his  cousin  Mildred  Dabney. 

WILLIAM  CLARK,  son  of  John  Clark  and  Ann  Rogers,  was 
born  in  Caroline  County,  Virginia,  i  August  1770,  and  died  at  St. 
Louis,   I    September   1838. 

In  1784,  the  Clark  family  removed  to  Kentucky  and  settled  at 
Mulberry  Hill  near  Louisville.  By  the  time  he  was  seventeen  Wil- 
liam began  to  take  part  in  defensive  expeditions  against  the  In- 
dians, and  when  he  was  twenty  he  was  commissioned  as  ensign  in 
the  United  States  Army,  and  two  years  later  he  was  first  lieuten- 
ant. He  served  under  General  Wayne  and  was  leader  of  a  col- 
umn at  the  battle  of  Fallen  Timbers.  He  retired  from  the  Army 
in  1796,  because  of  ill  health.  In  1803  he  accepted  the  invitation 
of  his  friend  Meriwether  Lewis  to  join  him  in  command  of  the 
projected  exploring  expedition  to  the  Pacific  Ocean,  the  story  of 
the  successful  accomplishment  of  which  is  so  familiar.  On  12 
March  1807,  about  five  months  after  his  return,  Clark  was  ap- 
pointed by  Mr.  Jefferson,  superintendent  of  Indian  affairs  and  brig- 
adier general  of  the  militia  of  Louisiana  Territory.  His  friend 
Lewis  was  at  about  the  same  time  appointed  governor  of  the  Ter- 


Appendix  261 

ritory.  Clark  returned  to  St.  Louis  early  in  1807,  and  made  his 
home  there  for  the  remainder  of  his  life.  Through  him,  St.  Louis 
became  the  center  of  activity  in  the  dealings  of  the  Federal  gov- 
ernment with  the  Southern  and  Western  Indians,  and  because  of 
the  color  of  his  hair,  it  became  known  to  all  of  the  Indian  nations 
as  Red  Head's  town. 

In  1 8 13,  Clark  was  appointed  governor  of  the  Territory,  the 
name  of  which  had  been  changed  from  Louisiana  to  Missouri,  and 
he  continued  to  administer  that  office  with  great  ability  until  the 
admission  of  Missouri  as  one  of  the  United  States  in  1821.  He 
continued  as  superintendent  of  Indian  affairs  to  the  day  of  his 
death,  and  no  man  was  ever  more  successful  than  he  in  winning^ 
and  deserving  the  respect  and  trust  of  the  aboriginal  Americans. 
On  5  January  1808,  General  Clark  married  Julia,  daughter  of 
Colonel  George  Hancock  of  Fincastle,  Virginia,  in  honor  of  whom 
he  had,  on  his  western  expedition,  given  the  name  of  Judith  to  the 
river  now  called  the  Big  Horn.  She  died  27  June  1820,  leaving 
him  five  children.  He  married,  second,  28  November  1821,  Mrs. 
Harriet  Kennerly  Radford,  a  cousin  of  his  first  wife,  who  died  25 
December  183 1,  having  borne  him  two  children.  Clark  made  his 
home  in  St.  Louis  at  the  south  east  corner  of  Main  and  Vine 
Streets,  where  near  his  residence  he  erected  a  building  which  was 
used  as  an  Indian  council  house  and  museum,  and  is  frequently  re- 
ferred to  by  visitors  to  St.  Louis.  Sometime  before  his  death,  how- 
ever, he  lived  with  his  son,  Meriwether  Lewis  Clark,  whose  house 
stood  at  the  south  east  corner  of  Olive  Street  and  Broadway,  where, 
on  the  Bank  of  Commerce  building  occupying  the  site,  a  tablet  has 
been  placed  in  his  honor. 

Of  the  many  sketches  of  the  life  of  Governor  Clark,  the  most 
satisfactory,  perhaps,  is  that  by  the  late  Reuben  Gold  Thwaites 
which  appears  in  2  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections  at  page  i. 

SYLVESTRE  LABBADIE  (in  his  later  years  he  spelled  the  name 
Labadie),  son  of  Sylvestre  Labbadie  and  Pelagie  Chouteau,  was 
born  in  St.  Louis,  19  February,  1779.  His  father  died  when  he  was 
fifteen  years  old.  No  record  is  found  of  his  occupations  during  his 
youth,  but  he  no  doubt  engaged  in  the  Indian  trade,  with  his  kins- 
men, the  Chouteaus,  and  he  served  with  them  in  the  milicia  in 
which  he  attained  the  rank  of  Major. 


262  Appendix 

In  1800  he  petitioned  Governor  de  Lassus  for  a  grant  of  land 
in  what  is  now  Franklin  County,  "wishing  to  form  a  permanent 
establishment  free  from  the  misfortunes  to  which  one  is  exposed  on 
account  of  the  precarious  state  of  commerce  in  this  country."  The 
grant  was  made,  covering  nearly  fourteen  thousand  acres  of  land 
on  the  south  shore  of  the  Missouri  River,  and  the  title  was  after- 
wards confirmed  to  him,  by  the  United  States.  Unlike  most  of  the 
owners  of  Spanish  grants,  he  lived  long  enough  to  receive  the  con- 
firmation to  himself;  most  of  the  confirmations  were  made  to  the 
assignees  or  to  the  heirs  of  the  grantee.  The  tradition  is,  that  re- 
turning from  a  trading  expedition,  his  further  progress  was  pre- 
vented by  ice  forming  in  the  river,  and  that  he  camped  for  the 
winter  on  the  site  of  his  subsequent  grant.  The  present  town  of 
Labbadie  is  situated  upon  this  land,  as  is  also  Point  Labbadie  on 
the  river.  In  1806  or  1807  he  joined  with  Auguste  P.  Chouteau  in 
out  fitting  Ramsay  Crooks  and  Robert  McClellan  for  a  trading  voy- 
age up  the  river. 

In  1809,  Labbadie  went  with  the  expedition  chronicled  in  this 
book,  returning  to  St.  Louis  in  the  Summer  of  18 10.  Though  he 
retained  his  connection  with  the  company  for  several  years,  there 
is  no  record  of  his  having  taken  part  in  any  later  expedition.  He 
engaged  in  business  in  St.  Louis,  and  had  a  mercantile  establish- 
ment at  the  north  east  corner  of  Main  and  Chestnut  streets.  In 
1818,  he  built  the  first  saw  mill  in  St.  Louis.  It  was  situated  on  the 
Mississippi  near  the  present  foot  of  Ashley  street;  the  power  was 
■furnished  by  oxen  walking  upon  the  side  of  an  inclined  wheel. 
Subsequently  he  added  a  flour  mill  to  the  plant.  Being  possessed 
of  great  wealth,  he  retired  early  from  business. 

He  died  in  St.  Louis,  at  his  home  on  Olive  between  Fifth  and 
Sixth  streets,  25  July,  1849,  and  it  was  said  of  him,  after  his  death, 
"that  he  never  failed  in  his  duties  as  a  citizen,  a  husband  or 
friend." 

Mr.  Labbadie  married  16  August,  1806,  his  cousin  Victoire, 
daughter  of  Charles  Gratiot  and  Victoire  Chouteau,  they  had  three 
children,  two  of  whom  died  in  infancy.  A  daughter,  Virginie,  mar- 
ried Captain  Joseph  A.  Sire,  and  died  22  September  1828,  aged 
twenty  years. 

Mrs.  Labbadie  died   5  May   i860,   aged  seventy  five  years. 


Appendix 


263 


PIERRE  MENARD  was  born  7  October  1766,  at  Saint  Antoine 
upon  the  River  Richelieu  in  the  Province  of  Quebec,  and  died  13 
June  1844,  at  Kaskaskia.  His  father,  Jean  Baptiste  Menard  dit 
Brindamour,  was  a  native  of  Languedoc  in  France,  and  his 
mother,  Marie  Frangois  Ciree  dit  St.  Michel,  was  a  native  of  Can- 
ada,  her  grandparents  having  removed  there  from  Paris. 

Pierre  Menard  was  in  Vincennes  in  1787,  in  the  employ  of  Col. 
Vigo.  In  1789  he  accompanied  Vigo  to  Pennsylvania  where  they 
had  an  interview  with  Washington.  He  subsequently  removed 
from  Vincennes  to  Kaskaskia  where  he  was  married  13  June  1792 
to  Therese  Godin,  then  nineteen  years  of  age,  daughter  of  Michel 
Godin  dit  Touranjeau  and  Therese  St.  Gemme  Beauvais.  She  died 
in  1804,  leaving  four  children.  Menard  married,  second,  22  Sep- 
tember 1806,  Angelique  Saucier,  daughter  of  Frangois  Saucier  and 
Angelique  Roy  dit  Lapensee.  She  died  in  1839  leaving  six  chil- 
dren. He  held  many  military  and  civil  offices;  among  them  he  was 
lieutenant  colonel  of  the  Territorial  militia,  judge  of  the  Court  of 
Common  Pleas,  United  States  Indian  Agent,  Commissioner,  in  con- 
junction with  Lewis  Cass,  to  treat  with  the  Indians,  and  Lieuten- 
ant Governor  of  Illinois.  To  make  him  eligible  for  the  latter  office 
a  special  provision  was  inserted  in  the  State  Constitution  of  181 8. 
For  the  vojage  up  the  Missouri  in  1809,  Governor  Meriwether 
Lewis  commissioned   him  captain  of  infantry  on  special   service. 

In  his  early  days  Colonel  Menard,  as  he  was  usually  known, 
was  an  active  Indian  trader.  Later  he  acquired  great  land  hold- 
ings and  was  the  grand  seigneur  of  South-western  Illinois  and 
South-east  Missouri.  His  home  at  Kaskaskia  was  the  abiding  place 
of  all  distinguished  visitors  to  this  part  of  the  country  and  his  hos- 
pitality was  unbounded. 


^^^<^iy , 


William    Morrison    was   born   in   Bucks   County,   Pennsylvania, 
14  March  1763,  and  died  at  Kaskaskia,  Illinois,  19  April  1837.    He 


264  Appendix 

was  a  son  of  John  Morrison  and  Rebecca  Bryan.  John  Morrison, 
son  of  Sir  John  Morrison,  was  born  at  Middletown,  County  Cork, 
Ireland  in  1729;  he  came  to  America  in  his  early  manhood  settling 
in  Bucks  County,  where  he  married  Rebecca  Bryan,  5  August  1760. 
Just  when  William  Morrison  came  to  Illinois  is  not  known,  but 
he  was  there  before  i  August  1790,  and  he  became  soon  after  his 
arrival  one  of  the  most  influential  and  conspicuous  citizens  of  the 
country. 

Governor  Reynolds  says  of  him,  "Dignity  and  polish  of  man- 
ners seemed  to  be  natural  to  him.  Nothing  little  or  cramped  ex- 
isted in  his  character.  His  mind  and  impulses  were  fashioned  on 
a  large  scale.  He  was  not  only  kind  and  benevolent  in  all  his 
relations  with  society,  but  also  honest  and  upright.  By  his  great 
activity  and  sound  judgment,  he  was  the  head  and  front  of  almost 
all  the  commercial  operations  of  Illinois  and  upper  Louisiana  during 
a   long   series   of   years. 

He  was  associated  with  his  uncle,  Guy  Bryan  of  Philadelphia, 
in  merchandising,  and  the  firm  of  Bryan  and  Morrison  was  known 
throughout  the  west  as  one  of  great  wealth  and  honorable  standing. 
Bryan  himself  did  not  operate  in  the  West;  so  that  his  partner, 
Morrison  had  the  control  of  all  the  commercial  business  of  this  vast 
region  of  country.  The  business  of  this  house  extended  from  Kas- 
kaskia  around  to  Pittsburgh,  New  Orleans,  Prairie  du  Chien,  and 
the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  William  Morrison  was  the  master  spirit 
that  managed  and  conducted  all  these  vast  mercantile  transactions 
to  a  successful  termination."  He  was  the  first  citizen  of  the  United 
States  to  essay  the  opening  of  trade  with  New  Mexico;  the  story 
of  his  sending  Baptiste  Lalande  to  Santa  Fe  in  1804,  is  told  by 
Pike,  and  repeated  by  all  subsequent  writers  on  New  Mexican  his- 
tory. He  also  took  part  with  Lisa  and  Menard  in  the  expedition 
up  the  Missouri  in  1807.  Mr.  Morrison  was  married  three  times, 
first,  to  Catherine  Thaumur  dit  Lasource,  who  was  a  descendant 
of  a  well  known  Canadian  family,  one  of  whom  was  in  Illinois  in 
the  early  years  of  the  eighteenth  Century. 

Guillaume,  a  son  of  this  marriage,  was  baptized  at  Kaskaskia 
7  June  1795.  The  second  wife  was  Euphrosine  Huberdeau,  of  Ste. 
Genevieve,  whom  he  married  27  November  1798,  and  the  third, 
Elisa,  daughter  of  General  Daniel  Bissell  whom  he  married  at  St. 
Louis,  20  July  1 81 3.  There  were  children  by  each  marriage,  and 
one  of  his  daughters  died  recently  in  St.  Louis.  He  built  a  home 
in  Kaskaskia    (a  large  stone  building),  and  maintained  an  estab- 


Appendix  265 

lishment  which  rivalled  Colonel  Menard's  in  hospitality.  It  is  said 
that  the  Indians  gave  him  the  name  Wau-kom-ia,  because  he 
diluted  his  liquor  with  water  before  drinking  it,  a  practice  which 
was  not  to  their  taste. 

Morrison  was  followed  to  the  West  by  his  brothers,  Robert, 
James,  Jesse,  Samuel  and  Guy,  all  of  whom  were  vigorous,  effec- 
tive men  and  leading  citizens.  Many  descendants  of  the  Morri- 
son's  are  living  in   Missouri,  Illinois,   California   and   elsewhere. 

Samuel  Morrison  (mentioned  ante  on  page  i6)  came  to  Kaskaskia 
in  1807.  He  spent  some  years  in  the  Rocky  Mountains  as  a  clerk  of 
Manuel  Lisa's  Company;  he  returned  in  1811,  married  shortly  after- 
wards, and  settled  in  Covington,  Washington  County,  Illinois,  where 
he  died  in  1828.  It  is  said  that  an  unfortunate  love  affair  caused  him 
to  seek  forgetfulness  in  the  wilderness. 

>/^     j/j.  fy'jf'yi^        Andrew  Henry^  son  of  George 

^y^/^(y /O^^^ ^-' Henry     and    Margaret    Young, 

yT  w^as  born  in  York  County,  Penn- 

sylvania, about  1775.  He  first  came  to  Upper  Louisiana  in  April 
1800,  seemingly  by  way  of  Tennessee,  since  George  Breckenridge, 
in  his  note  book,  says  that  after  two  years  he  returned  to  Nashville. 
Henry  came  again  to  Ste.  Genevieve  in  1803,  and  after  some  time 
went  to  the  mining  district  in  what  is  now  Washington  County 
where  he  made  his  home.  He  married,  16  December,  1805,  Marie, 
daughter  of  Louis  Dubreuil  Villars  and  Marie  Louise  Valle.  Wil- 
liam H.  Ashley  was  one  of  the  witnesses  to  the  marriage.  Henry 
separated  from  his  wife  3  January,  1806,  and  divorced  her  15 
October,  1807.  He  went  up  the  river  with  the  Fur  Company's  ex- 
pedition of  1809,  and  commanded  the  party  which  crossed  the 
mountains  and  wintered  in  what  is  now  Idaho,  on  the  branch  of 
Snake  River  which  has  since  been  known  as  Henry's  Fork.  He 
returned  to  St.  Louis  in  the  Fall  of  181 1.  In  18 14  he  was  major  of 
the  Washington  County  regiment  of  which  William  H.  Ashley 
was  lieutenant  colonel  commanding.  In  1822  he  again  engaged  in 
the  fur  trade,  this  time  with  his  friend  Ashley.  He  ascended  the 
river  in  command  of  a  party  of  about  one  hundred  men,  leaving 
St.  Louis  in  April  1822.  He  established  a  post  at  the  mouth  of  the 
Yellowstone  where  he  spent  the  winter.  The  next  spring  he  made 
a  trip  to  the  westward  and  was  attacked  and  defeated  near  Great 
Falls  by  his  old  antagonists,  the  Blackfeet.  Upon  his  return  to  his 
post  he  was  summoned  to  reinforce  Ashley  who  had  been  defeated 


266  Appendix 

by  the  Arikaras.  Henry  joined  Ashley  in  July  and  remained 
with  him  until  after  the  fiasco  of  Colonel  Leavenworth's  punitive 
expedition  against  the  Arikaras  in  August.  After  Leavenworth's 
retirement  Henry  with  a  party  of  eighty  men  went  again  to  the 
westward  and  erected  a  post  at  the  mouth  of  the  Bighorn  River, 
and  discovered,  near  the  source  of  that  river,  the  South  Pass 
through  the  mountains.  On  this  expedition,  Hugh  Glass,  one  of 
Henry's  men,  had  the  adventure  with  a  grizzly  bear  made  famous 
by  Glass'  marvellous  escape  from  death  after  being  abandoned  by 
his  comrades.  In  the  summer  of  1824  Henry  came  down  to  St. 
Louis  with  the  furs  which  had  been  accumulated,  and  while  here 
he  enlisted  a  number  of  men  with  whom  he  went  back  up  the  river 
in  October.  The  next  we  hear  of  him  he  is  at  his  home  in  Wash- 
ington County;  his  place  in  Ashley's  company  being  taken  by  Jed- 
ediah  S.  Smith.  For  the  remainder  of  his  life  Henry  gave  his  at- 
tention to  mining.  At  one  time  he  was  a  large  land  owner,  but 
little  of  the  land  was  held  by  him  at  the  time  of  his  death.  He 
was  married  a  second  time  in  1819  to  Mary,  daughter  of  Patrick 
Fleming  of  Ste.  Genevieve.  They  had  five  children,  Jane,  Patrick, 
Mary,  George  and  Missouri,  all  of  whom  survived  their  father 
except  Missouri  who  died  in  infancy.  Henry  died  at  his  residence 
in  Harmony  Township,  Washington  County,  10  June,  1833.  "He 
was  a  man  much  respected  for  his  honesty,  intelligence  and  enter- 
prise," but  the  tradition  still  lingers  that  "he  was  his  own  worst 
enemy." 

CONTRACT  TO  CONVEY  THE  M AND  AN  CHIEF 
TO  HIS  HOME 

Articles  of  Agreement  Made  and  Indented  at  the  Town  of  Saint 
Louis  in  the  Territory  of  Louisiana  the  Twenty  fourth  day  of  Feb- 
ruary in  the  Year  of  our  Lord  one  thousand  eight  hundred  and 
Nine  by  and  between  His  Excellency  Meriwether  Lewis  Governor 
of  the  said  Territory  of  Louisiana,  and  Superintendent  of  Indian 
affairs  within  the  same,  for  and  on  behalf  of  the  United  States  of 
America,  on  the  one  part,  and  the  Undersigned  members  of  and 
belonging  to  the  Saint  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Company  of  the  other 
part. 

Witnesseth,  that  the  said  Company  for  and  in  consideration  of 
the  articles,  stipulations  and  conditions  hereinafter  contained  on 
the  part  of  the  said  Meriwether  Lewis,  have  covenanted  and 
agreed,   and   do  hereby  covenant   and   agree  to  and  with  the  said 


Appendix  267 

Lewis,  his  successor  in  office,  heirs,  Executors,  and  Assigns,  to  and 
for  the  sole  use  behoof  and  benefit  of  the  said  United  States,  as  fol- 
lows,   To-wit. 

First. — To  Engage  and  raise  one  Hundred  and  Twenty  five 
effective  men  (of  whom  Forty  shall  be  Americans  and  expert  Rifle 
men)  who  together  shall  form  a  body  of  Militia  of  this  Territory, 
and  act  in  a  Military  capacity,  on  an  expedition  from  the  said 
Town  of  Saint  Louis,  to  the  Mandan  Villages,  on  the  River  Mis- 
souri, for  the  safe  conveyance  and  delivery  of  the  Mandan  Chief 
his  Wife  and  Child,  to  the  Mandan  nation.  The  members  of 
which  body  thus  raised  for  the  purpose  aforesaid  shall  be  ap- 
proved by  the  Governor  of  this  Territory. 

Second. — The  said  Company  shall  furnish  the  said  detachment 
for  the  aforesaid  expedition,  with  good  and  suitable  Fire  arms,  of 
which  Fifty  at  least  shall  be  Rifles,  and  a  sufficient  quantity  of 
good  ammunition,  the  quantity  and  quality  of  all  which  shall  be 
approved  by  the  Governor  of  this  Territory. 

Third. — The  command  of  the  said  detachment  shall  be  given  to 
Peter  Choteau,  the  United  States  Agent  for  the  Osage  nation  of 
Indians  (who  will  be  specially  commissioned  and  instructed  by  the 
Governor  for  that  purpose)  until  the  said  expedition  shall  arrive 
at  the  Mandan  nation  or  Villages,  and  at  that  place  or  the  last  of 
them,  the  military  functions  of  the  said  Choteau,  and  the  officers 
appointed  under  him  for  this  service  shall  cease  and  expire. 

Fourth. — The  said  Company  shall  provide  comfortable,  and  suit- 
able accommodations  on  board  of  Covered  Barges,  for  the  said 
Mandan  Chief,  his  V^^ife  and  Child,  and  for  Jesson  (the  Inter- 
preter) his  Wife  and  child,  and  shall  furnish  them  and  each  of 
them  with  a  sufficiency  of  Good  and  Wholesome  Provisions  for 
their  and  each  of  their  consumption,  from  the  day  of  their  em- 
barkation, until  their  arrival  at  the  Mandan  nation — the  said  ac- 
commodations in  this  article  mentioned,  to  be  approved  by  the 
Governor  of  this  Territory. 

Fifth. — The  said  Company  shall  also  provide  and  furnish  ac- 
commodations in  some  of  their  Barges  or  Boats,  for  Two  other 
Interpreters,  and  transport  them  therein  as  far  as  the  said  Peter 
Choteau  Agent  as  aforesaid  shall  direct,  and  shall  also  furnish 
them  with  a  sufficiency  of  good  and  w^holesome  provisions  for 
their  consumption,  so  long  as  they  shall  continue  with  the  said 
Company.     The  said  accommodations  to  be  approved  of,  and  the 


268  Appendix 

Interpreters  to  be  such  as  shall  be  for  that  purpose  selected  by  the 
Governor  aforesaid. 

Sixth. — The  said  Company  shall  safely  deliver  the  said  Mandan 
Chief,  his  wife  and  Child,  Jesson  (the  Interpreter)  his  Wife  and 
Child,  at  the  said  Mandan  Village,  as  soon  as  practicable  after 
the  departure  of  the  said  intended  Expedition  from  Saint  Louis, 
and  shall  defend  them  from  all  War  like  and  other  attacks,  by 
force  of  arms,  and  every  other  means  to  the  extent  of  their  power, 
and  at  the  risque  of  the  lives  of  the  said  detachment,  and  shall 
moreover  use  and  employ  their  and  each  of  their  diligent  exertions 
for  the  health,  preservation  and  safety  of  the  said  Mandan  Chief, 
his  Wife  and  Child,  Jesson  (the  Interpreter)  his  Wife  and  Child, 
and  for  preventing  of  any  accidents  to  them,  each  and  all  of  them 
— and  if  unfortunately,  the  said  Mandan  Chief,  his  Wife  and 
Child,  Jesson  (the  Interpreter)  his  Wife  and  Child,  or  all  or 
either  of  them,   should  by  any  unavoidable  accident  or  the  death 

fail  to  be 
of  all  or  either  of  them  be  provontod  from  being  transported 
to  the  said  Mandan  Village,  not  by  reason  or  through  the  fault, 
neglect,  omission,  want  of  care,  or  want  of  defence  on  the  part  of 
the  said  Company  and  detachment,  the  same  being  sufficiently 
proven  to  the  Government  of  the  United  States,  or  to  the  partic- 
ular officer  or  person  charged  and  authorized  to  that  effect,  then 
the  said  sum  of  Seven  thousand  dollars  herein  after  mentioned, 
shall  be  fully  paid  as  is  herein  stipulated.  If,  on  the  contrary,  the 
said  Mandan  Chief,  his  Wife  and  Child,  Jesson  his  Wife  and 
Child,  should  not  be  by  the  said  Company  safely  delivered  at  the 
Mandan  Nation  or  Village  through  the  fault,  omission,  neglect  or 
want  of  defence  on  the  part  of  the  said  detachment,  then  the  said 
Company  shall  not  be  entitled  to  the  sum  of  Seven  thousand  dol- 
lars herein  after  covenanted  to  be  paid  nor  any  part  thereof;  and 
all  sum  or  sums  of  money  by  the  said  Lewis  advanced  to  the  said 
company  by  reason  of  this  agreement,  shall  in  the  latter  case,  be 
by  the  said  Company  refunded  and  paid  to  the  said  Lewis,  his  suc- 
cessor in  office,  heirs,  executors  or  assigns,  on  request — for  the  use 
and  benefit  of  the   United   States. 

Seventh. — The  said  Company  shall  cause  the  said  Expedition, 
and  detachment  to  Embark  and  Start  from  Saint  Louis  aforesaid, 
on  or  before  the  Twentieth  day  of  April  next,  and  to  proceed  with 
all   convenient   and   necessary   speed   to  the   place   of   destination — 


Appendix  269 

and  in  case  of  any  unforeseen  accident,  preventing  the  same  be- 
fore or  on  that  day  then  the  said  expedition,  shall  without  any  pre- 
tense of  delay  whatsoever  embark,  start  and  proceed  as  aforesaid, 
on  or  before  the  Tenth  day  of  May  then  next,  under  the  penalty  for 
default  thereof  of  paying  to  the  said  Lewis,  his  successor  in  of- 
fice, Heirs,  Executors  or  Assigns,  to  and  for  the  sole  use  behoof 
and  benefit  of  the  said  United  States,  the  sum  of  three  thousand 
dollars;   lawful  money  of  the  United   States. 

Eighth. — The  said  Company  shall  safely  convey  such  Goods, 
Wares  Merchandizes  Articles  and  Utensils  as  the  Governor  of  the 
Territory  shall  deem  necessary  to  send  as  Presents  to  the  Indians 
up  the  Missouri,  either  by  the  said  Agent  Peter  Chouteau,  or  by 
the   said   Mandan    Chief. 

Ninth. — The  said  Company  shall  immediately  after  the  safe  ar- 
rival at  the  Mandan  Village  of  the  said  Mandan  Chief  his  Wife 
and  Child,  the  said  Jesson,  his  Wife  and  Child  dispatch  a  Mes- 
senger to  the  Governor  of  this  Territory,  with  a  written  report 
giving  him  information  thereof. 

And  the  said  Meriwether  Lewis,  for  and  on  behalf  of  the  said 
United  States,  and  for  and  in  consideration  of  the  articles,  con- 
ditions, stipulations  and  covenants  herein  before  contained  on  the 
part  of  the  said  members  of  the  Saint  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Company, 
doth  hereby  promise  and  covenant  to  and  with  the  said  Company 
their  Heirs  &  Assigns   as  follows,   To-wit — 

First, — To  pay  to  the  said  Company,  their  assigns,  certain  attor- 
ney or  attorneys  or  to  their  authorized  agent  the  sum  of  Seven 
thousand  dollars  lawful  money  of  the  United  States,  the  one  moiety 
or  half  part  thereof  on  the  request  of  the  said  Company,  or  a  ma- 
jority of  the  members  thereof  after  the  said  detachment  is  fully 
formed,  completed,  armed,  furnished  and  equipped  to  the  approba- 
tion of  the  Governor  of  this  Territory,  and  the  remaining  moiety, 
or  half  part,  when  information  as  aforesaid  shall  have  been  received 
from  the  said  Company  by  the  said  Governor,  that  the  stipulations 
and  covenants  herein  before  contained  on  the  part  of  said  Company 
have  been  fully,  completely  and  bona  fide  performed  and  fulfilled. 

Second. — The   said   Lewis   shall   not  before   the    last    day    fixed 

authorize 
herein    for    the    departure    of    said    expedition,    LiGcnsG    or    permit 
any  other  person  or  persons  to  ascend  the  Missouri  any  higher  or 
further  up  said  River  than  the  mouth  of  the  River  La  Platte,  for 


270  Appendix 

the  purpose  of  Trading  with  the  Indians.  Nor  permit  any  party 
accompanying  the  said  detachment  or  any  other  party,  to  ascend 
the  River,  go  before  or  in  advance  of  the  said  detachment  com- 
manded by  said  Choteau  from  the  mouth  of  the  said  River  La 
Platte,    to    the   Mandan   Village. 

And  it  is  further  mutually  understood,  agreed  and  covenanted  by 
and  between  the  parties  aforesaid,  that  in  the  absence  of  the  Gov- 
ernor of  this  Territory,  the  direction  and  approbation  of  General 
William  Clarke  of  Saint  Louis  in  all  matters  and  things  in  which 
the  direction  and  approbation  of  the  said  Governor  is  required  in 
this  agreement,  shall  be  as  good,  effectual  and  binding  on  the  par- 
ties aforesaid,  as  if  the  same  were  given  by  the  said  Governor  of 
this   Territory   personally. 

For  the  true  and  faithful  performance  of  each  and  every  of  the 
Conditions,  Covenants,  and  Stipulations,  herein  before  contained 
the  said  parties  respectively,  do  hereby  jointly  and  severally  bind 
themselves,  their  Heirs,  Executors,  Administrators  and  Assigns  each 
to  the  other  in  the  penal  sum  of  Ten  thousand  dollars  lawful 
money  of  the  United  States. 

In  Witness  Whereof  the  parties  aforesaid  have  hereunto  inter- 
changeably set  their  hands  and  Seals,  the  day  and  Year  and  place 
first  before  written. 

Signed  sealed  and  delivered  in 
presence  of  -  -  -  - 
the  words  "be  prevented  from 
being"  in  the  sixth  article  on  the 
second  page  being  first  erased, 
and  the  words  "fail  to  be"  in- 
terlined at  the  same  place,  and 
the  word  "Permit"  in  the  second 
article  on  the  third  page  erased 
and  the  word  "authorized"  in- 
terlined before  signing. 

Wm.  Clark 

E.  Hempstead 

(Eight  wafer  and  paper  seals  attached  along  right  margin) 


Meriwether  Lewis 

(Seal) 

Pre  Chouteau 

(Seal) 

Manuel  Lisa 

(Seal) 

Wm  Morrison 

(Seal) 

Ben  Wilkinson 

(Seal) 

A.  P.  Chouteau 

(Seal) 

(Seal) 

(Seal) 

Appendix  271 

CONTRACT  BETWEEN  THE  FUR  COMPANY  AND 
THOMAS  JAMES 

Articles  of  Contract  and  agreement,  this  Day  entered  into  be- 
tween Benjn  Wilkinson  Agent  for  the  St.  Louis  Missouri  fur  Com- 
pany of  the  one  Part  and  Thomas  James  of  the  St.  Louis  District  of 
the  other  part,  Witnesseth,  That  the  said  Thomas  James  has  this 
day  engaged,  promised  and  bound  himself,  and  does  by  these  pres- 
ents engage,  promise  and  bind  himself  to  do  and  perform  all  and 
singular  the  services  that  may  be  required  of  him  by  the  said  Com- 
pany in  the  prosecution  of  a  voyage  from  St.  Louis  to  the  Head 
Waters  of  the  Missouri,  or  to  other  Places  on  the  Waters  of  said 
River  Missouri,  and  to  obey  do  and  perform  all  Duties  and  lawfull 
Commands  required  of  him  the  said  Thomas  James  by  such  Person 
or  Persons  as  have  the  management  or  command  of  the  embarkation 
or  expedition  up  the  said  River,  among  which  Duties  and  Lawful 
Commands  the  following  are  recited,  to  wit — that  the  said  Thomas 
James  is  to  present  himself  in  proper  Person  at  the  town  of  St.  Louis 
at  such  Periods  as  the  Company  may  deem  Proper  ready  and  pre- 
pared to  commence  said  Voyage — that  he  is  to  labor  and  assist  in 
the  transportation  of  baggage,  loading  and  unloading  of  Boats,  row- 
ing, towing  and  all  other  things  connected  with  or  relating  to  the 
safe  and  secure  passage  of  Men,  Baggage,  Merchandise  or  other 
things  from  the  town  of  St.  Louis  to  the  Head  Waters  of  the  said 
River,  that  on  his  Arrival  there  he  is  to  Labor  in  trapping,  hunting 
and  collecting  Furs,  meats,  Peltries,  and  to  the  best  of  his  abilities, 
skill  and  cunning,  and  is  to  remain  with  said  Company  or  to  be  re- 
moved by  the  said  Company  from  place  to  place  on  the  said  Wa- 
ters of  the  Missouri  as  may  be  deemed  most  to  their  advantage — al- 
ways in  case  of  a  removal  to  assist  in  transporting  baggage,  mer- 
chandise &c.,  and  finally  is  bound  to  do  and  perform  all  those  things 
which  men  engaged  under  similar  Circumstances  and  with  the 
same  Views,  are  bound  to  do  and  perform,  obeying  and  exe- 
cuting with  promptness  all  Lawful  and  reasonable  orders  which  may 
be  given  him  by  those  Persons  who  command  the  expedition,  and  the 
said  Benjn  Wilkinson  in  the  Name  and  on  behalf  of  the  St.  Louis 
Missouri  Fur  Company  does  covenant  with  the  said  Thomas  James 
as  follows  to  wit— that  the  said  Thomas  James  shall  be  furnished 
with  four  men  and  the  necessary  Equipment  for  himself  and  four 
men  for  hunting  and  trapping  and  to  allow  him  as  full  compensa- 


2^2  Appendix 

tion  one  equal  fifth  part  of  his  and  the  four  men's  hunt,  this  con- 
tract to  continue  for  the  term  of  three  years,  unless  sooner  dis- 
charged by  the  Company. 

All  which  the  contracting  Parties  aforesaid  promise  to  do  and  per- 
form under  the  penalty  of  Five  Hundred  Dollars,  if  either  party 
shall  break  this  Contract. 

St.  Louis  March  29th   1809. 

Thomas  James. 
Test  Benjamin  Wilkinson 

Jno  A.  Graham.  Agent  for  the  said  Company. 

LIST  OF  DESERTERS 

1  William  Ferguson,  17  Henry  Oldridge, 

2  Joseph  T.  Willey,  18  John  Blye, 

3  J.  Crump,  19  John  Davis, 

4  John  Sluman,  20  Joseph  Manseard, 

5  Richard  Windsor,  21  Charles  Bourguion, 

6  Warren  White,  22  Nicolas  Brazeau, 

7  John  Ferguson,  23  Joseph  Richard, 

8  Dennis  Cochran,  24  Joseph  Guibeau   (or  Gui- 

9  Moise  Lemire,  bault)   dit  Parisien, 

10  Frangois  Hebert,  25  Frangois  St.  Michel, 

11  Joseph  Casse,  26  Louis  Baril, 

12  Michel  Arnois,  27  Nathan  Fisher, 
13 

15  Peter  Fite,  3°     Christopher  Tool, 

16  Isaac  Mallot,  31     Richard  Ware, 


John  Collins,  28     James  Shields, 

John  Burk,  29     Nathan  Shields, 


Discharged  Because  of  Disability  or  Incompetency 

1  William  Montgomery,  6  Bte.  Janis, 

2  Daniel  Converse,  7  Joseph  Morris, 

3  John  Stubblefield,  8  Frangois  Tison, 

4  B.  La  Becasse,  9  John  Bellair, 

5  Zacharia  Malin, 

Most  of  these  men  had  obtained  advances  from  the  Company:  the 
total  amount  of  their  indebtedness  was  about  thirty  seven  hundred 
dollars.  Some  of  them  stole  the  canoe,  which  Lisa  says,  "was  for 
the  purpose  of  getting  provisions  for  our  men,  and  the  safeguard 


Appendix  273 

of  the  expedition."  Two  of  the  deserters,  Richard  Windsor  and 
John  Collins,  were  men  who  had  crossed  the  continent  with  Lewis 
and  Clark.  A  man  named  John  Collins  was  with  Ashley,  and  was 
killed  in  the  fight  with  the  Arikaras,  2  June  1823. 

BIOGRAPHICAL   SKETCH  OF  RAMSAY   CROOKS 

RAMSAY  CROOKS,  son  of  William  Crooks  and  Margaret  Ram- 
say, was  born  at  Greenock,  Scotland,  2  January,  1787,  and  died  in 
New  York,  6  June,  1859.  He  crossed  the  ocean  to  Canada  in  1803, 
and  came  to  St.  Louis  in  1805  or  1806.  He  and  Robert  McClellen 
undertook  a  trading  voyage  up  the  river,  having  been  outfitted  by 
Sylvestre  Labbadie  and  Auguste  P.  Chouteau.  Lisa  met  him  at 
Fort  Osage  and  wrote  to  General  Clark  10  July,  1807, — "Mr. 
Croucks  left  this  yesterday  to  join  Mr.  McClellan  he  said,  and 
promised  that  he  would  wait  for  us  there.  If  we  do  not  find  him 
there  I  will  be  compelled  to  take  an  assortment  and  go  after  him 
with  my  boat,  which  is  the  fastest  going  boat  we  have."  The  place 
where  Crooks  promised  to  wait  was,  evidently,  at  the  Omaha  vil- 
lage, where  he  was  found.  Crooks  and  McClellan  followed  the 
Fur  Company's  expedition  up  the  river  and  were  mistreated  by 
the  Sioux  and  had  to  retreat.  In  1810  Crooks  met  Wilson  Price 
Hunt  at  Mackinac  and  engaged  with  him  for  the  Astoria  expe- 
dition, the  story  of  which  is  told  in  Irving's  Astoria.  On  this  jour- 
ney he  suffered  almost  incredible  hardships.  On  his  return  he 
joined  Mr.  Astor  in  the  American  Fur  Company  of  which  he  be- 
came the  manager  in  the  west  and  later  the  president.  He  mar- 
ried at  St.  Louis,  10  March,  1825,  Emelie  Pratte  whose  mother 
was  a  niece  of  Pierre  Chouteau  and  a  sister  of  Sylvestre  Labbadie. 
They  had  several  children  most  of  whom  survived  their  parents. 
Mr.  Crooks  was  a  man  of  high  character  and  of  great  ability  and 
energy. 

LETTERS  OF  PIERRE  CHOUTEAU  TO   WILLIAM  EUSTIS, 
SECRETARY  OF  WAR 

To  the  Honble  Wm  Eustis  St.  Louis  November  22d — 1809 

Secretary  of   War 

I  have  the  honor  to  acquaint  you  that  I  returned  to  this  Place, 
two  days  ago,  From  my  Missoury  Excursion  After  having  accom- 


274  Appendix 

plished  the  Principal  objects  of  my  Command  as  detailed  in  the 
orders  and  Instructions  of  the  late  Governor  Lewis. 

The  mandane  chief  and  his  interpreter,  together  With  their 
Wives  and  children  Were  Restored  to  their  People  on  the  24th  day 
of  September  Last 

I  shall  have  the  honour  of  making  my  respects  to  You,  in  the 
City,  in  the  course  of  a  few  Weeks,  When  the  several  incidents  of 
this  Expedition  will  be  more  minutely  Reported  to  you. 

The  late  Transactions  in  the  indian  department  of  Louisiana 
have  been  of  so  Extraordinary  a  character,  that  I  am  impelled,  by 
the  strongest  motives  to  solicit  an  opportunity  of  Explaining  Per- 
sonaly  the  Share  Which  I  have  had  in  them. 

I  have  the  Honor  to  be  with  Great  respect, 
Sir,  Your  most  obedt  Servant 
The   Honble  Pierre   Chouteau. 

Wm  Eustis 
Secretary   of   War 
Washington  city 

St.  Louis,  Dber  14 — 1809 
The  Honble 
William    Eustis, 
Secretary  of  War, 
Sir, 

I  had  the  honor  of  addressing  you  on  the  22d  ultimo  announcing 
the  safe  arrival  of  the  mandan  chief,  his  wife  and  family  at  their 
nation  and  my  return  here. 

At  the  date  of  that  letter  I  had  Proposed  to  give  you  a  detail  of 
the  incidents  on  that  voyage  in  person,  but  am  now  informed  by 
the  superintendent  of  Indian  affairs  that  from  the  absence  of  some 
of  the  indian  agents  from  the  territory  my  actual  Presence  cannot 
without  endangering  the  public  service  be  dispensed  with — as  soon 
however  as  is  practicable  I  shall,  unless  otherwise  directed  from 
your  Department,  leave  this  for  Washington  City. 

In  the  mean  time,  in  order  to  complete  the  duties  required  of  me 
by  the  written  Instructions  of  the  late  superintendent  of  Indian  af- 
fairs dated  June  8th  1809  (a  copy  whereof  I  now  have  the  honor 
to  enclose)  as  well  as  to  show  that  those  instructions  have  been 
my  sole  and  only  Guide  in  conducting  this  expedition ;  those  inci- 
dents which  have  Occured  in  the  prosecution  of  it  are  now  submit- 


Appendix  275 

ted. — sensible  that  the  detail  will  be  lengthy,  and  Perhaps  uninter- 
esting, I  still  deem  it  my  duty  as  a  public  agent  to  lay  before  the 
Government  a  minute  &  faithful  account,  that  it  may  be  seen 
whether  my  conduct  merits  a  continuance  of  that  confidence  the 
Government  has  Placed  in  me  or  whether  I  have  forfeited  it. 

Conformably  to  the  orders  of  Governor  Lewis  before  alluded  to. 
I  took   the  command  of  the  expedition   for  the  conveyance  of  the 
Mandan  chief  his  wife  and  family  to  their  nation — one  expedition 
with  the  same  object  in  view  had  failed;   it  was  Impressed  upon 
me  that  where  the  honour  and  good  faith  of  the  Government  was 
Pledged  and  where  I  might  be  of  service,  that  I  ought  not  to  hes- 
itate,  and   the  command   though  full   of  danger  was   accepted  the 
more  cheerfully,   the  detachment  proceeded  to  fort  osage  where  it 
was  inspected  and  mustered  by  Capte  clemson — the  Panis,  otto  and 
Kanzas  tribes  of  indians  were  there  waiting    for    me    with    loud 
complaints   because   there   were   no   merchants    among    them,     and 
praying  that  some  might  be  sent — they  were  referred  to  Governor 
Lewis — the   expedition  left  fort  osage  and  proceeded  on,   and  saw 
no  other  indians  untille  it  Arrived  at  the  mahas,  there,  at  the  re- 
quest of  those  indians,  we  went  with  the  mandan  chief  to  the  ma- 
has village,  about  forty  leagues  from  this  fell  in  with  a  band  of 
three  hundred  &  fifty  of  the  Sioux,  who  had  daily  and  continual 
communications    with   the    indians    further   up   the   missoury — from 
them  I  learned  that  the  sioux  had  formed  them  selves  into  twelve 
or  fourteen  bands,   who  alledging  that  they  had  been  Promised  a 
plenty  of  Goods,   and  cheap,   and  deceived  for  Two  years,   would 
be  deceived  no  longer,  and  conceiving  that  the  Boats  of  the  expe- 
dition,   were   loaded   with   merchandize,   they   intended   each   Band 
to  seize  a  Boat — after  this  w^e  met  large  numbers  of  the  prairies 
sioux,  one  of  the  most  barbarous  tribes  of  indians,  who  are  said  to 
be  from  two  thousand  five  hundred,  to  three  thousand  strong — the 
chiefs  of  this  tribe  said  they  remembered  now,  that  I  had  treated 
them  with  Great  hospitality  at  saint  Louis,  and  on  that  account  the 
party  should  not  be  molested — and  I  am  convinced  that  to  Persua- 
tion   and   favor,   and   not  to  the  strength   of  the  detachment,   is  to 
be   attributed   our   having  Peaceably  Passed   that  nation— agreably 
To  my  Instruction   I   attempted  to   avail   my  self  of  an   auxiliary 
force   of   three   hundred    sioux,    to   cooperate   with   the    detachment 
against  the  ricaras  and  was  refused,  they  said  one  tribe  ought  not 
to  counteanance  an  attempt  to  destroy  another,  and  if  I  still  per- 


2 '7  6  Appendix 

sisted  in  that  resolution  my  self  and  Party  might  be  destroyed  be- 
fore  we   reached   the   ricaras.    for  the   more   perfect  safety   of  the 
mandan  chief  and  his  family,  as  well  as  to  secure  success  to  the 
enterprize,  I  then  determined  to  engage  some  of  the  chiefs  of  the 
sioux  to  accompany  us  to  the  ricaras,   and  succeeded  in  Procuring 
six  of  the  principal  chiefs — the  expedition  then  departed,   and  ar- 
rived and  encamped  on  the  Bank  of  the  river  near  the  ricaras — 
there   the   detachment   made   a   martial    appearance   and   conducted 
with  perfect   Good   order,   the   ricaras  expecting  their  village  was 
to  be   attacked,    sent   away  their  old   men,   women    and    children. 
Eighteen  or  twenty  of  the  chiefs  and  Principal  men  of  the  mandan 
nation   fearing  that   another   attack   might  be   made   on   the   Party 
who  were  Bringing  their  chief,   had  been  waiting  the  arrival   of 
the   detachment   for    several    days,    and    came   to    our   encampment, 
those  chiefs  with  the  chiefs  of  the  sioux  who  had  Accompanied  us, 
then  demanded  the  Pardon  of  the  Ricaras.— Without  Giving  them 
any  assurences,  I  expressed  a  desire  that  some  of  the  chiefs  of  the 
ricaras  might  come  to  my  camp,     four  of  their  chiefs  Soon   after 
came,  to  whom  I  expressed  my  astonishment  that  no  more  of  the 
chiefs  of  their  nation  had  come,     they  replied  that  the  alarm  in 
their  nation  was  Great,  and  the  others  dare  not  come. — the  day  be- 
ing Far  advanced  I  dismissed  them  under  a  promise  of  returning 
to  the  Council  the  next  morning  with  more  of  their  chiefs,  none  of 
them   however    appeared.      I    sent    an    interpreter    to    them    to    en- 
quire   the    reason,    Who    was    told    that    their     nation     was     more 
alarmed  and  unless  hostages  were  Given  to  them  they  would  not 
again  appear  at  the  council.     Anxious  to  hold  a  council  with  their 
nation,  four  of  the  Principal  Persons  of  the  detachment  were  Given 
as  hostages — Eight  of  their  Principal   chiefs   immediately  came  to 
the  council — I  told  them  that  their   Great  father  the  president  of 
the  united  states  had  sent  me  to  conduct  the  mandan  chief  to  his 
village  a  second  time,    the  first  time  you  Perm.itted  your  selves  to 
fire  upon  the  colors  of  your  Father,  and  to  attack  his  men —  I  have 
orders  to  destroy  your  nation,  but  the  chiefs  of  the  sioux  and  man- 
dan nations  have  united  together  and  interceded  for  your  Pardon, 
at  their  Particular   request,   I   shall    Ground   my  Arms,   until   new 
orders  can  be  received  from  your  Great  father  who  alone  can  par- 
don   or    destroy. — You    may    now    call    back   your   old    men,     your 
wives   and   children,   who   have   fled    and   secreted   themselves — the 
mandan  chief  who  had  hitherto  been  kept  in  the  Boat  was  sent  for 


Appendix  277 

I  presented  him  to  them  and  observed  to  them, — this  chief  and  his 
family  are  under  the  safe  conduct  and  protection  of  the  united 
states,  I  am  obliged  to  deliver  them  at  their  village,  and  if  any  of 
your  tribes  shall  dare  to  molest  them,  I  shall  put  fire  to  your  vil- 
lages, the  chiefs  of  the  ricaras  then  took  the  mandan  chief  by  the 
hand,  saying,  if  they  fired  upon  him  the  first  time,  it  was  because 
the  principal  chief  of  the  nation  was  then  absent;  that  the  death 
of  their  chief  in  the  united  States  had  been  the  cause  of  Great  dis- 
satisfaction in  their  nation,  but  that  he  might  with  Great  safety 
now  pass  in  their  villages  without  fearing  any  thing — it  may  be 
proper  to  observe  here,  that  five  or  six  hundred  of  the  Ricaras  be- 
lieving that  they  would  be  attacked  had  Provided  themselves  with 
Guns,  ammunition  and  horses,  the  hostages  were  returned  and  the 
detachment  then  embarked  for  the  mandan  Nation,  where  it  ar- 
rived without  further  obstruction.  I  then  caused  the  mandan  na- 
tion to  be  assembled,  as  also  the  minnetare  and  ahwapaway  na- 
tions of  indians,  in  council,  and  presented  to  them  the  mandan 
chief,  his  wife  and  family,  who  were  received  with  the  Greatest 
demonstration  of  joy,  I  explained  to  them  the  cause  of  his  deten- 
tion. 

I  then  demanded  of  him  the  presents  which  had  been  sent  by 
him  to  be  distributed  among  these  nations,  he  replied  that  the 
presents  he  had  brought  were  not  to  be  distributed,  they  were  all 
his  own.  this  seemed  to  occasion  Jealousies  and  difficulties  among 
all  the  tribes,  and  the  more  so  as  "One  Eye"  the  great  chief  of 
the  minetaries  had  in  a  quarrel  a  few  days  before  murdered  one 
of  the  Principal  men  of  the  mandans — I  then  Presented  to  "One 
Eye"  the  large  medal  and  flag  in  the  name  of  his  Great  father 
The  President  of  the  United  States,  and  as  a  token  of  the  amity  & 
friendship  of  the  United  states  twords  his  nation,  and  to  prevent 
any  further  misunderstandings  between  the  mandans  and  the  min- 
etaries and  to  appease  the  Jealousies  which  had  been  created  by 
the  refusal  of  the  mandan  chief  to  have  the  presents  distributed, 
I  distributed  among  them  sixty  Pounds  of  Powder,  and  one  hun- 
dred &  Twenty  Pounds  of  the  Ball  which  had  been  furnished  for 
the  contemplated  warfare  with  the  ricaras,  and  ten  pounds  of  Ver- 
million, and  one  hundred  and  fifty  Pounds  of  tobacco,  which 
seemed  to  restore  harmony  amongst  them. 

Two  days  before  my  arrival  at  the  mandan  village  information 
was   Given  me,   that  three  persons  belonging  to  the  British  north 


2*78  Appendix 

West  Company  were  at  the  village.  Immediately  sent  forward  an 
Express  desiring  them  to  await  my  arrival  but  they  feared  being 
detained  and  departed:  they  however  informed  a  white  man  who 
Resides  at  the  mandan  village,  that  the  north  w^est  company  had 
erected  a  fort  at  the  three  forks  of  the  missoury. — this  informa- 
tion is  believed  to  be  true  from  the  circumstances  of  about  thirty 
American  Hunters,  who  had  used  to  visit  the  mandan  village,  not 
being  seen  nor  heard  of  since  about  eighteen  months.  Had  my 
orders  not  required  my  Immediate  return  from  the  mandan's,  I 
should  have  ascertained  the  truth  or  falsehood  of  the  report. 

On  my  return  I  saw  at  the  river  Platte  Mrs.  McClelland, 
Crooks  &  miller  who  were  licensed  to  trade  &  Hunt  in  the  upper 
Parts  of  the  missoury.  In  passing  the  Prairie  sioux  they  with  a 
party  of  Forty  chosen  men  had  been  stopped  and  fortunately  saved 
themselves  by  stratagem,  taking  advantage  of  the  night  and  re- 
turned to  Pass  the  winter  where  I  saw  them,  those  indians  it  is 
feared  will  continue  to  be  troublesome,  and  commit  depredations 
upon  the  traders  until  they  are  regularly  supplied  with  merchan- 
dize 

I  have  thus  Given  you  a  faithful,  and  I  trust  satisfactory,  detail 
of  a  voyage  in  which  I  have  encountered  many  difficulties  and 
dangers,  and  which  was  by  m.e  undertaken  with  the  more  pure 
motives,  and  in  obedience  to  the  express  orders  which  I  conceive 
my  self  bound  most  rigidly  to  obey. 

If  the  confidence  of  the  Government  in  me  has  been  or  is  about 
to  be  diminished,  I  shall  not  fail  to  regret  it  as  one  of  the  most 
unfortunate  events  of  my  Life 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  JOHN  COLTER 


was  born  in  Virginia,  but  removed  to  Kentucky  and  lived  at  Mays- 
ville  where  he  joined  the  Lewis  and  Clark  expedition  in  the  fall  of 
1803.  He  rendered  efficient  service  on  the  journey,  and  upon  the 
return  of  the  expedition  when  the  Mandan  villages  were  reached, 
in  August  1806,  he  applied  to  the  Captains  for  permission  to  leave 
the  party  and  join  two  trappers  (Forest  Hancock  and  Joseph  Dick- 


Appendix  279 

son)  who  had  been  met  on  the  Yellowstone,  and  who  proposed  an 
expedition  up  the  river  in  which  they  were  to  find  traps  and  give 
him  a  share  of  the  profits.  Lewis  and  Clark  gave  him  the  desired 
permission  and  parted  with  him  with  regret.  As  Lisa's  party  as- 
cended the  river  in  1807  they  met  Colter  at  the  mouth  of  the  Platte 
on  his  way  down  and  Lisa  persuaded  him  to  return.  It  was  prob- 
ably during  the  Autumn  of  this  same  year  that  he  made  the  lonely 
journey  during  the  course  of  which  he  discovered  the  wonders  of 
the  district  now  known  as  Yellowstone  Park.  He  returned  to  St. 
Louis  in  the  spring  of  18 10.  While  in  St.  Louis  he  brought  suit 
against  the  estate  of  Meriwether  Lewis  in  which  he  obtained  judg- 
ment for  $377.60,  which  was  however  uncollectable  because  of  the 
insolvency  of  the  estate.  John  Bradbury  met  him  near  his  home 
in  Franklin  County  Mo.  (near  where  Dundee  station  on  the  Mis- 
souri Pacific  railroad  now  is)  in  March  181 1.  "He  seemed  to  have 
a  strong  inclination  to  accompany  the  expedition,"  says  Bradbury, 
"but  having  been  lately  married,  he  reluctantly  took  leave  of  us." 
He  died  at  his  home  in  November  181 3.  His  wife,  Sally,  within 
two  years  after  his  death  married  James  Brown.  From  the  inven- 
tory of  his  estate  it  appears  that  Colter  had  been  engaged  in  farm- 
ing. His  library  consisted  of  "three  histories."  He  seems  to  have 
been  a  typical  example  of  the  pioneer  Virginia — Kentucky — Missou- 
rian,  simple,  fearless  and  trustworthy.  He  has  his  peculiar  niche  in 
the  history  of  the  country,  and  few  characters  have  such  romantic 
interest. 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  JOHN  DOUGHERTY 

It  is  with  feelings  far  deeper  and  sadder  than  even  similar  be- 
reavements usually  call  forth,  that  we  record  the  death  of  one  of 
our  oldest,  most  useful  and  most  respected  citizens.  On  Friday,  the 
28th  ult.,  at  6  P.  M.,  Major  John  Dougherty,  breathed  his  last,  at 
his  residence  in  this  county— full  of  years  and  full  of  honors,  he  fell 
asleep  surrounded  by  his  sorrowing  wife  and  children  (whose  gen- 
tle and  assiduous  attentions,  for  long  weeks  had  soothed  the  intense 
suffering  of  the  stricken  husband  and  father).  Major  Dougherty 
was  born  near  Bardstown,  Nelson  County,  Ky.,  12  April  1791 — and 
hence,  was  nearly  approaching  his  three-score  and  ten  years. 

Impelled  by  an  energy  and  self-reliance  that  characterized  him  in 
all  his  subsequent  life,  at  the  early  age  of  seventeen  he  took  leave 


2  8o  Appendix 

of  his  family   and  the  familiar   friends   and  loved   scenes    of    his 
childhood,   came   to   the   wild   forests   of   Missouri    Territory,     and 
commenced  the  battle  of  life,  gallantly  and  unaided— marked  ever 
by  true  merit,  and  ultimately  crowned  with  eminent  success.     De- 
scended from  an  early  pioneer,  to  the  "dark  and  bloody  grounds" — 
the  tales  of  adventure  more  thrilling  than  romance — so  permeated 
a  bold  and  enterprising  nature,  that  it  is  not  astonishing  that  his 
first  essay  in  active  life  should  have  been  one  of  extreme  danger, 
peril  and  hardship.     In  the  year  1808,  soon  after  his  arrival  in  the 
French  Village  of  St.  Louis,  he  became  connected  with  a  company 
for  the  purpose  of  traversing  the  plains,  crossing  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains,   and    descending   the    Columbia   to   its   mouth.     This   trip    is 
now  destitute  of  romance;   it  has  become  common — it  is  the  work 
of  a  few  months — not  so  fifty-two  years  ago — then  it  was  a  terra 
incognita—  the  labor  of  years   and   full   of  danger— as    the    wily 
savage   watched   for  the   daring   adventurer   along  his  entire  voy- 
age.    He  spent  many  years  in  hard  and  dangerous  enterprises  in 
the  Indian  country,  in  which  he  became  more  perfectly  acquainted 
with   the   habits,    manners,   tastes,    and   peculiarities   of   the   North- 
western tribes,   than   any  man   ever  did   before,  or  since — and   no 
man  has  ever  acquired  such  an  influence  over  them — this  did  not 
result   so   much    from   his    peculiar   knowledge   of   them,    as   it   did 
from  the  man  himself — his  face,  his  form,  his  physique,  were  per- 
fect;   a   commanding   and   easy   dignity,    a   bright   and   intellectual 
eye;    an    unvarying   candor,    and    directness    in    all    his   intercourse 
with   them,    at   once   pleased,   charmed    and   overawed   them.      For 
these   reasons   added   to  his  intelligence,   business  habits,   and   high 
sense  of  honor,   he  was  selected   by  his   Government  as  the  prin- 
cipal Agent  for  all  tribes  from  the  border  of  Missouri  to  the  crest 
of  the  Mountains;   and  this  position  he  retained  for  nearly  twenty 
years;   and,  although  an  unwavering  Whig,  Gen.  Jackson  was  too 
good  a  patriot,  and  had  too  much  regard  for  manly  worth,  to  dis- 
pense  with   his   invaluable   services — it   was   left   to   his   wily   suc- 
cessor to  inaugurate  the  corrupting  policy  "that  to  the  victors  be- 
long the  spoils."     Major  D.  soon  after,  removed  to  this  county,  and 
was  elected  one  of  her  Representatives  in  the  hard  contest  of  1840; 
and  well  and  faithful  to  the  State  and  county    did    he    discharge 
every  duty.     His  strong  common  sense,  his  large  fund  of  acquired 
knowledge — much   from   books,   but  more   from   men    (that   volume 
of  rich  treasures  to  him  who  can  read  and  understand  it — and  few 


Appendix  281 

possessed  the  charmed  key  that  unlocks  and  reveals  human  na- 
ture in  its  inmost  recesses,  and  used  it  with  a  master's  hand,  more 
perfectly  than  the  deceased), — his  bland  manners,  his  high  social 
qualities,  his  rich  and  unfailing  fund  of  pure  and  original  anec- 
dote, gave  him  an  enviable  standing  in  the  House;  and  has  left 
garnered  up  in  the  memories  of  his  fellow-members,  the  most 
kindly  and  respected  feelings;  and  not  one  of  them  will  hear  of 
his  death  without  feelings  of  sadness  and  sorrow. 

In  all  the  relations  of  life,  Major  D.  was  a  most  excellent  citi- 
zen— his  hightoned  patriotism,  confined  to  no  party  and  no  section, 
embraced  all  that  the  Constitution  and  Union  of  his  country  em- 
braced— public  spirited  and  liberal  in  the  rearing  and  endowing 
schools,  colleges  and  churches;  building  railroads,  and  all  other 
public  works ;  he  was  of  the  first  to  start  them,  and  of  the  most 
liberal  to  sustain  them.  He  was  kind,  courteous  and  hospitable,  a 
good  neighbor,  a  warm  and  devoted  friend,  and  an  affectionate 
husband ;  and  he  has  given  the  best  evidence,  that  man  can  give 
of  the  manner  in  which  he  had  discharged  the  delicate  duties  of 
a  father,  in  the  social  and  moral  deportment,  usefulness  and  high 
standing  of  every  one  of  his  children.  This  is  his  best  eulogy, 
and  it  was  a  cheering  solace  to  him,  when  the  dark  shadows  of 
death  was  slowly,  but  surely,  falling  over  him.  The  last  years  of 
his  life,  like  the  first,  were  characterised  by  energy  and  usefulness, 
morality  and  virtue;  and  he  died  trusting  in  a  merciful  redeemer. 
The  public  and  his  many  warm  friends  will  deeply  feel  his  loss, 
but  none  can  feel  as  his  bereaved  wife  and  children,  who  received 
his  last  sign.  This  feeble  tribute  is  from  one  who  had  known  him 
long,  and  intimately,  and  known  him  with  increasing  admiration, 
respect,    and    friendship. 

[Alexander  W.]   D[oniphan]. 

(From  The  Liberty  Tribune,  Friday,  January  4,  1861.) 

Major  Dougherty  was  appointed  United  States  Indian  Agent  In 
1820.  His  headquarters  were  at  Fort  Leavenworth  for  the  first 
ten  years  of  his  incumbency;  at  St.  Louis  for  the  years  1830-1833; 
then  for  a  short  time  at  Council  Bluffs,  and  again  at  Fort  Leaven- 
worth where  he  remained  until  1837,  when  his  service  terminated 
and  he  removed  to  Clay  County,  Missouri.  He  married  at  St. 
Louis,  13  November  1823,  Mary,  daughter  of  Joseph  Hertzog  and 
Catherine  Wilt. 


282  Appendix 

They  had  five  children:  Lewis  Bissell,  born  at  Fort  Leavenworth, 
7  December  1828,  the  first  white  American  born  in  what  is  now 
the  State  of  Kansas.  He  served  in  the  Confederate  Army  as  Cap- 
tain in  the  Third  Missouri  Infantry,  and  is  now  living  at  Liberty, 
Missouri.  Anne  Elizabeth,  born  at  Council  Bluffs,  29  August 
1824;  she  married  General  Charles  F.  Ruff,  U.  S.  A.,  and  died 
at  Philadelphia,  11  July  1909.  O'Fallon,  born  at  St.  Louis  5  June 
1832.  He  was  active  as  a  banker  and  stock-raiser,  but  has  now 
retired  from  business  and  is  living  at  Liberty,  Mo.  John  Kerr, 
born  at  St.  Louis,  6  February  1835.  He  served  in  his  brother's  reg- 
iment in  the  Confederate  Army,  and  was  killed  in  the  battle  of 
Franklin,  Tennessee,  30  November  1864, — a  day  long  bemourned 
in  Missouri.  Mrs.  Dougherty  died  in  Philadelphia,  27  March 
i873»  aged  seventy-four  years.  A  large  collection  of  Major  Dough- 
erty's letters  and  papers  is  in  the  archives  of  the  Missouri  Historical 
Society. 

LETTER  OF  ANDREW  HENRY   TO  FRANCOIS  VALLE 

5  June   I 8 10 
Dr.    Francis. 

Since  you  left  the  fort  I  was  told  by  Charles  Davis  that  some 
days  past  you  expressd  some  regret  at  going  down.  If  that  is  the 
case  &  you  have  any  wish  to  stay.  You  shall  have  the  same  bar- 
gain which  Manuel  gave  you  last  fall  &  better  should  you  desire  it. 
But  on  the  other  hand  If  you  have  really  a  wish  to  decend  I  will 
by  no  means  advise  you  to  stay  but  would  rather  advice  you  to  go 
home  to  your  family  who  I  know  will  be  extreemely  glad  to  see 
you,  alltho  the  pleasure  of  your  company  for  a  year  in  this  wild 
country  would  be  to  me  inestimable. 

Should  you  continue  down  please  present  my  respects  to  Joph 
Pratt  &  family,  to  Terry  Weber,  the  Doctr  Thomas  Colo  &  Reuben 
Smith  &  all  my  friends,  Geo.  Bullit  Doctr  Elliot  &c. 

I  am  Dr  Francis 

Mr  Francis  Valle  very  respectfully 

(Address)  yr  friend 

Francis  Valle  Eqr.  A  Henry 

On  the  Madison 
Mr.   Davis) 


Appendix  28-^ 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  WILLIAM  JVEIR 

WILLIAM  WEIR  was  born  in  Kentucky,  probably  in  Muhlenberg 
County,  in  1787,  of  Scotch-Irish  parentage.     He  was  of  an  adven- 
turous spirit  and   left  home   at   an   early  age  to  seek  his   fortune. 
He  came  to  Missouri  and  enlisted  with  the  Fur  Company.     He  was 
one  of  the  party  who  went  with  Henry  across  the  mountains  in  the 
fall  of  1 8 10,  and  upon  their  return  to  the  Missouri  he  remained  at 
one   of   the   forts   and   continued   in   the   service   for   a   number   of 
years.      He   was   an    active,    efficient   man,   brave   and   skilful,    and 
took  rank  with  Dougherty  and  Colter.     In   181 8  he  was  appointed 
by   the   Territorial    legislature   one   of   the   commissioners   to   estab- 
lish the  county-seat  of  Cooper  County,  and  in  1820  he  was  charged 
with  a  similar  duty  for  Cole  County.     In  1819  and  1820,  and  per- 
haps  for   a   longer  time,    he   was   justice   of  the   peace   in   Moreau 
Township,    Cooper    County.      About    this    time     he     married,     and 
afterwards  went  to  Crawford  County  where  he  cleared  a  farm  and 
made   a   home   for  himself   and    family.     The   spirit  of   adventure 
was  too  strong  in  him  to  allow  him  to  bide  contentedly  at  home, 
and  he  joined  a  trading  party  on  a  trip  through  Texas  to  Mexico! 
He   died   at  his   home   in   Missouri   in    1845,   leaving  ten   children. 
One  of  them,  John  Weir,  went  to  Texas  in  the  30's,  and  there  did 
good  service  in  helping  to  achieve  the  independence  of  the  coun- 
try.    In   1853   he  crossed  the  plains  to  California,   and  in   1858  he 
went  to  the  Puget   Sound   country   where   he   spent  the   remaining 
years  of   his   life,    and   where   his   descendants   remain.     To  Allen 
Weir,  Esq.,  of  Olympia,  I  am  indebted  for  much  of  the  informa- 
tion  about  his  grandfather  given   above. 

INTERVIEW  WITH  PIERRE  MENARD,  JULY  1810 

A  few  days  ago  Mr.  Menard  with  some  of  the  gentlemen  at- 
tached to  the  Missouri  Fur  Company  arrived  here  from  their  Fort 
at  the  head  waters  of  the  Missouri,  by  whom  we  learn  that  they 
had  experienced  considerable  opposition  from  the  Blackfoot  In- 
dians; this  adverse  feeling  arose  from  the  jealousy  prevalent 
among  all  savage  (and  some  civilized)  nations  of  those  who  trade 
with  their  enemies.  The  Crows  and  Blackfeet  are  almost  contin- 
ually at  war.     The  Company  detached  a  party  to  trade  with  the 


284  Appendix 

latter,  This  gave  offence  to  the  Blackfeet  who  had  not  the  same 
opportunity  of  procuring  Arms,  &c.  The  Hudson  Bay  Factory* 
being  several  days  journey  from  their  hunting  grounds,  and  with 
whom  they  cannot  trade  with  equal  advantage. 

A  hunting  party  which  had  been  detached  from  the  Fort  to  the 
Forks  of  Jefferson  River  were  attacked  in  the  neighborhood  of 
their  encampment  on  the  12th  of  April  by  a  strong  party  of  the 
Blackfeet,  whom  they  kept  at  bay  for  sometime,  but  we  are  sorry 
to  say  unavailingly,  as  the  Indians  were  too  numerous;  the  party 
consisted  of  14  or  15  of  whom  five  were  killed,  say,  Hull,  Cheeks, 
Ayres,  Rucker  and  Freehearty;  Messrs  Valle,  Immel  and  compan- 
ions escaped  and  carried  the  unpleasant  tidings  to  the  Fort,  but 
with  the  loss  of  Tents,  Arms,  Traps,  &c. 

Early  in  May  George  Druilard  accompanied  by  some  Dela- 
wares,  who  were  in  the  employ  of  the  Company,  went  out  to  hunt, 
contrary  to  the  wishes  of  the  rest  of  the  party  who  were  confident 
the  Indians  were  in  motion  around  them,  and  that  from  a  hostile 
disposition  they  had  already  shewn  it  would  be  attended  with 
danger,  their  presages  were  too  true,  he  had  not  proceeded  more 
than  two  miles  from  the  camp  before  he  was  attacked  by  a  party 
in  ambush  by  which  himself  and  two  of  his  men  were  literally  cut 
to  pieces.  It  appears  from  circumstances  that  Druilard  made  a 
most  obstinate  resistance  as  he  made  a  kind  of  breastwork  of  his 
horse,  whom  he  made  to  turn  in  order  to  receive  the  enemy's  fire, 
his  bulwark,  of  course,  soon  failed  and  he  became  the  next  victim 
of  their  fury.  It  is  lamentable  that  although  this  happened  within 
a  short  distance  of  relief,  the  fire  was  not  heard  so  as  to  afford  it, 
in  consequence  of  a  high  wind  which  prevailed  at  the  time. 

Adding  all  those  untoward  circumstances  the  Fur  Company  have 
every  prospect  of  success,  although  the  majority  of  the  season  was 

*  The  Hudson  Bay  Company  have  Factory's  on  the  head  waters 
of  the  Red  River,  on  the  same  river  the  Mackinaw  Com.  have  two 
trading  houses ;  these  houses  are  established  for  the  purpose  of 
procuring  dried  Buffaloe  and  Venison  from  the  Missouri  Indians, 
the  north  country  being  destitute  of  that  kind  of  food.  Our  hunt- 
ers who  visited  the  british  factories  say  that  they  are  mostly  Scots- 
men having  European  wives,  and  living  in  well  built  log  houses, 
and  in  possession  of  as  much  comfort  as  any  person  can  enjoy  so 
near  the  Pole — they  were  informed  that  the  north  sea  was  about 
1800  miles  from  their  Forts  calculating  the  meanderings  of  the 
Red  river. 


Appendix  285 

occupied  in  distributing  the  hunting  parties  and  exploring  the  foot 
of  the  mountains:  although  they  have  had  upwards  of  $12,000 
worth  of  valuable  furs  consumed,  yet  they  have  been  able  to  send 
down  about  fifty  packs  of  Beaver,  besides  other  Furs  of  a  consid- 
erable amount  and  have  taken  measures  to  ensure  more  than 
double  that  quantity  in  the  spring.  {Louisiana  Gazette,  Thursday 
July  26th,   1810.) 

BIOGRAPHICAL   SKETCH   OF    GEORGE   DROUILLARD 

(/  /y  was  the  son  of  Pierre 

Drouillard  and  a  Shawnee  woman.  His  great  grandfather  Drouil- 
lard  immigrated  to  Canada  in  the  latter  part  of  the  seventeenth 
century,  married  at  Quebec  in  1698,  and  was  one  of  the  early  in- 
habitants of  Detroit,  in  which  neighborhood  his  descendants  still 
live.  Pierre  Drouillard  was  in  the  British  service  as  Indian  inter- 
preter and  agent,  and  was  the  means  of  saving  the  life  of  Simon 
Kenton,  whom  he  found  a  prisoner  at  Sandusky.  He  married  at 
Detroit  in  1776,  Angelique  Descamps,  of  which  marriage  there 
were  several  children.  A  letter  from  George  Drouillard  to  one  of 
his  half  sisters  is  printed  in  Wheeler's  On  the  Trail  of  Leivis  and 
Clark.  George  probably  came  with  his  mother's  people  to  Mis- 
souri in  his  early  youth,  as  he  describes  himself  as  of  the  District 
of  Cape  Girardeau.  We  know  little  of  him  prior  to  his  associa- 
tion with  Lewis  and  Clark,  though  mention  is  made  of  him  as 
being  at  Fort  Massac  and  at  Kaskaskia.  He  went  to  the  Pacific 
and  back  with  Lewis  and  Clark,  and  Lewis  wrote  of  him, — "I 
scarcely  know  how  we  should  subsist  were  it  not  for  the  exertions 
of  this  excellent  hunter;"  "a  man  of  much  merit;  he  has  been 
peculiarly  useful  from  his  knowledge  of  the  common  language  of 
gesticulation,  and  his  uncommon  skill  as  a  hunter  and  woodsman ; 
these  several  duties  he  performed  in  good  faith,  and  with  an  ardor 
which  deserves  the  highest  commendation.  It  was  his  fate  also  to 
have  encountered  on  various  occasions,  with  either  Captain  Clark 
or  myself,  all  the  most  dangerous  and  trying  scenes  of  the  voyage, 
in  which  he  uniformly  acquitted  himself  with  honor."  He  was  one 
of  Lisa's  chief  men  on  the  voyage  of  1807,  when  he  had  the  mis- 


2  86  Appendix 

fortune  to  shoot   and   kill   Antoine  Bissonette,    a  deserter,   and  for 
which  he  was  tried,  in  St.  Louis,  and  acquitted. 

NOTICES  OF  THE  EXPEDITION  OF  SMITH,  McLANAHAN 

AND    OTHERS    TO    SANTA    FE    IN   1809,    WITH 

A     LETTER     FROM     McLANAHAN     TO 

GOVERNOR  BENJAMIN  HOWARD 

We  are  informed  that  about  the  20th  ult.  Capt.  R.  Smith,  Mr. 
M'Lanehan  and  a  Mr.  Patterson  set  out  from  the  district  of  St. 
Genevieve  upon  a  journey  to  St.  a  Fee,  accompanied  by  Emanuel 
Blanco,  a  native  of  Mexico.  We  presume  their  objects  are  mer- 
cantile; the  enterprise  must  be  toilsome  and  perilous,  the  distance 
being  computed  at  5  to  600  miles,  altogether  through  a  wilderness 
heretofore  unexplored.  [Louisiana  Gazette,  Thursday,  28  Decem- 
ber, 1809.) 

Mr.  Editor 
Sir. 
I  learn  that  some  gentlemen  of  the  district  of  St.  Genevieve  have 
set  out  with  an  intention  of  visiting  Mexico,  as  far  as  St.  a  Fee, 
the  capital  of  that  Kingdom,  their  shortest  rout  will  be  through  the 
great  Osage  Nation  to  the  source  of  the  Arcansas  river,  where  they 
will  fall  in  with  the  Aytan  or  Padoca  nation,  who  will  conduct 
them  to  St.  a  Fee  where  they  will  meet  with  the  good  and  benevo- 
lent gentleman  in  the  person  of  the  Governor  of  that  province  who 
is  also  colonel  of  the  troops  stationed  there.  The  governor  general 
of  the  upper  provinces  has  given  his  positive  orders  to  send  in  all 
strangers  who  may  arrive  at  that  corner  of  the  Kingdom.  In  obe- 
dience to  orders,  they  will  be  conveyed  600  miles  south  to  his  res- 
idence where  they  will  be  tried  as  smugglers  or  spies,  as  these 
gentlemen  will  not  come  under  either  of  those  denominations  they 
will  be  imprisoned  a  few  months  and  then  sent  to  the  first  U.  S. 
post.  A.  Traveller. 

{Louisiana   Gazette,   Thursday,   January  4,    1810.) 

Last  November  we  announced  the  departure  for  St.  Fe,  of  three 
of  our  citizens  and  a  Spaniard  as  a  guide  (Manuel  Blanco)  to  open 
a  commercial  intercourse  with  the  upper  provinces  of  Mexico. 
Since  that  period  we  have  had  no  communication  from  that  quar- 


Appendix  ^^7 

ter;  we  then  ventured  to  express  some  fears  for  their  safety, 
grounded  on  that  narrow  policy  exhibited  in  Spanish  America: 
which  alas  were  too  well  founded.— From  one  of  our  late  eastern 
papers  we  extract  the  following  paragraphs: 

Philadelphia,   August,    14th 

It  appears  that  Bonaparte's  plans  against  the  Spanish  dominions 
in  America  have  not  had  that  happy  issue  which  he  contemplated, 
and  that  his  stratagems  have  not  produced  the  least  effect  on  the 
loyalty  of  the  Spanish  Americans,  which  is  not  inferior  to  that 
which  the  inhabitants  of  the  peninsula  have  manifested  for  their 
sovereign   Ferdinand  VII. 

Three  Americans,  and  a  Spaniard  called  Blanco,  spies  or  emis- 
saries of  Bonaparte,  have  been  arrested  at  Chihuagua  by  Don 
Nemesio  Salcedo,  in  consequence  of  the  seasonable  advices  which 
the  Vice  Roy  of  Mexico  communicated  to  the  commandant  general 
of  said  province,  that  these  persons  had  arrived  at  Upper  Louisi- 
ana from  Baltimore  and  were  going  to  the  town  of  St.  Fe.  These 
four  individuals  were  travelling  with  two  negro  slaves  amongst 
the  Indian  tribes  subject  to  this  province,  without  any  passports 
from  the  Spanish  authorities  of  Ferdinand  VII  from  the  place 
whence  they  proceeded,  which  is  indispensably  necessary  in  order 
to  enter  the  Spanish  dominions  without  being  considered  as  a  spy; 
there  were  found  in  their  possession  a  paper  written  in  English 
and  a  letter  from  the  curate  of  St.  Genevieve  in  France*  also  thir- 
teen fire  arms,  six  cutlasses,  three  axes  and  five  flasks  of  powder. 
In  their  first  declaration  they  stated  that  the  object  of  their  jour- 
ney from  Upper  Louisiana,  was  no  other  than  to  establish  them- 
selves in  the  dominions  of  his  majesty  Ferdinand  VII,  to  whom 
they  were  greatly  attached;  as  if  persons  going  from  this  country 
to  the  Spanish  possessions  were  ignorant  that  it  is  requisite  to  have 
permission  from  the  government  and  the  necessary  passports  from 
the  established  authorities  to  obtain  an  entrance  into  the  Spanish 
territories.  They  were  immediately  conducted  to  the  Castle  of  St. 
Elceario  for  trial,  it  will  not  be  long  before  they  will  suffer  the 
punishment  due  to  such  traitors  according  to  the  strict  orders  of 
the  council  of  regency  of  Spain  and  the  Indies,  that  in  case  of  this 

*  Mark  the  pretended  ignorance  of  these  bloodhounds,  they  knew 
these  gentlemen  were  from  St.  Genevieve  in  the  Territory  of 
Louisiana,  they  well  knew  the  character  of  the  worthy  pastor  (Rev. 
Mr.  Maxwell),  whose  letters  of  credence  they  bore. 


288  Appendix 

nature  justice  should  not  be  delayed  in  order  to  purge  the  Span- 
ish soil  of  such  vermin." 

Fermin/  what  a  prostitution  of  language!  Messrs.  Smith, 
M'Clanahan  and  Patterson  strangers  to  the  policy  of  Mexico  and 
the  monkish  barbarism  of  the  natives,  they  conceived  they  would 
visit  white  men  clothed  with  the  christian  name;  unhappy  credu- 
lity! They  would  have  found  more  generosity  in  the  breast  of  an 
Arab,  more  hospitality  in  the  den  of  a  Hiena. — The  assassins  of 
Mexico  ha've  ere  this  butchered  three  respectable  inhabitants  of 
Louisiana!!  Men  whose  virtues  were  admired  by  all  who  knew 
them.  Men  who  never  dreamt  of  coalesing  with  any  hostile 
party,  who  would  not  resign  the  name  of  American  Citizen  for  all 
the  honors  in  the  gift  of  a  Joseph  Bonaparte,  or  the  blood  stained 
gold  of  Mexican  Inquisitors.  Yet  a  little  while  and  a  day  of 
terrible  retribution  will  arrive.  {Louisiana  Gazette,  October  4,  1810.) 

We  understand  that  Mr.  Bates  sometime  since,  in  the  exercise 
of  the  government,  has  transmitted  to  Mr.  Crittenden  the  Attorney 
General  now  on  the  circuit  at  St.  Genevieve,  information  of  the 
arrest,  by  the  Osage  Indians  of  eight  men  who  were  found  in  their 
country  without  licenses;  That  Capt.  Walker,  late  of  the  United 
States  Army,  is  one  of  the  prisoners,  and  the  head  of  the  party. 

In  connection  with  the  foregoing,  a  report  also  circulates  which 
we  believe  to  be  authentic,  that  the  secretary's  dispatches  to  the 
Attorney  General,  contain  some  confessions  or  avowals  of  Capt. 
Walker,  and  of  Mr.  Scott,  one  of  his  associates,  of  an  enterprise 
contemplated  against  the  Mexican  provinces  —  Capt.  Walker's 
party  it  seems  was  in  advance  of  the  main  body,  for  the  purpose 
of  ascertaining  the  most  convenient  route.  Three  hundred  men, 
well  equipped,  from  Kentucky,  Tennessee  and  the  Illinois  Terri- 
tory, were  expected  to  rendezvous  at  the  mouth  of  the  Canadian 
forks  of  the  Arkansas  River  by  the  25th  of  this  month. —  The  ob- 
ject is  said  to  be  the  release  of  Messrs.  Smith,  M'Clanahan,  Pat- 
terson and  others;  and  to  bring  off  what  gold  they  could  conve- 
niently seize;  or  (if  such  a  course  offered  fairer  prospects  of  spec- 
ulation)  to  join  the  revolutionary  party. 

We  are  happy  to  know,  that  our  local  officers  are  properly  im- 
pressed with  respect  to  the  positive  wrong  and  the  mischevious 
tendencies  of  these  illicit  expeditions.  {Louisiana  Gazette,  March 
14,  1811.) 


Appendix  289 

St.  Louis,  June  18,  18 12. 
To  His  Excellency 

Governor   Howard : 
Sir, 

From  the  nature  of  the  government  under  which  the  undersigned 
are  proud  to  consider  themselves  citizens,  and  from  the  character 
of  those  who  now  administer  it,  they  are  persuaded  that  the  sub- 
joined statement  of  facts  and  annunciation  of  views  wull  excite  a 
becoming  interest  and  obtain  a  just  countenance  from  those  to 
whom  they  are  now  unreservedly  communicated.  From  a  govern- 
ment whose  object  and  whose  operation  are  the  protection  of  all  we 
presume  to  think  that  the  knowledge  of  the  sufferings  of  any  should 
not  be  withheld.  Having  suffered  in  what  we  conceive  a  laudable 
pursuit  from  the  tyranny  of  a  foreign  government,  we  feel  that 
we  have  a  right  to  make  it  known,  and  meditating  further  enter- 
prize  we  consider  it  a  duty  to  declare  to  you,  sir,  and  through  you 
to  the  paternal  government  of  the  union,  that  projected  as  it  has 
been  with  honorable  views,  it  shall  not  be  commenced  in  secrecy 
or  deception. 

Indulging  in  common  with  our  fellow  citizens  of  the  United 
States  a  portion  of  that  spirit  of  enterprize  which  has  with  unpar- 
alelled  rapidity  advanced  our  country  in  the  scale  of  prosperity  and 
happiness  the  undersigned  commenced  in  the  autumn  of  1809  a 
journey  into  the  interior  provinces  of  Spain  going  west  of  Louisi- 
ana, for  the  purpose  of  geographical  and  commercial  information. 
The  suspicious  jealousy  and  unaccountable  opposition  of  the  Span- 
ish government  to  the  diffusion  of  information  were  well  impressed 
on  our  minds.  But  it  is  known  to  your  excellency  that  a  new  era 
has  taken  place.  The  Spanish  monarchy  in  Europe  was  shaken  to 
its  centre.  The  Dynasty  was  completely  set  aside.  The  spirit  of 
change  and  of  consequent  amelioration  had  pervaded  many  of  the 
glooms  on  the  continent  of  America.  Successful  revolutions  had 
been  vouchsafed  to  some,  and  with  all,  an  intercourse  on  a  more 
friendly  and  familiar  footing  from  the  corresponding  sections  of 
the  United  States  was  established  or  meditated.  We  forbear  to  en- 
large on  those  considerations  of  a  reciprocal  interest  and  a  just 
policy  which  recommended  the  establishment  of  such  an  intercourse. 
In  the  spirit  of  these  considerations,  and  under  the  genius  of  our 
liberal  institutions  our  tour  was  commenced,  but  ere  it  was  per- 
mitted to  us  to  traverse  the  territory  claimed  by  the  United  States, 


200  Appendix 

its  progress  was  averted  and  its  objects  frustrated.  On  the  head 
waters  of  Red  River  we  became  the  prisoners  of  the  armed  agents 
of  the  Governor  of  Santa  Fe.  As  such  we  were  guarded  and  con- 
veyed to  the  capitol  of  the  Province.  From  thence  we  were  in  some 
time  transmitted,  in  irons,  to  Chigugua,  the  capitol  of  the  four 
interior  provinces.  At  this  place  we  were  separated  and  commit- 
ted to  distinct  places  of  confinement  for  nearly  a  year.  We  were 
afterwards  brought  back  to  Chigugua  where  we  remained  for 
nearly  another  year  under  circumstances  of  suffering  and  privation 
which  we  feel  unwilling  to  detail,  and  of  ignominy  from  which 
we  would  equally  banish  reflection.  To  this  situation  whether 
characterized  by  distress  or  insult  we  should  have  found  submis- 
sion more  tolerable  had  we  supposed  that  it  had  been  incurred  by 
any  conduct  of  our  nation  or  of  ourselves,  or  that  those  who  were 
the  authors  of  the  punishment  inflicted,  could  themselves  assign  a 
reason  for  their  cruelty.  But  the  despotism  which  ruled  us  was 
sullen  and  silent  as  it  was  unmerited  and  unmeaning — alike  inac- 
cessible to  remonstrance  on  our  part  and  to  explanation  on  that 
(of)  its  author.  Having  experienced  some  inconsiderable  and  oc- 
casional relaxation  of  our  confinement  during  its  latter  period,  and 
having  that  confinement  attributed  by  vague,  indefinite  and  remote 
insinuations  to  secret  information  relative  to  the  hostility  of  our 
views  we  were  enlarged  without  further  accusation,  without  a 
shadow  of  trial,  wuth  the  loss  of  health  and  of  property,  and  in 
poverty  and  rags  commanded  to  find  our  way  by  the  most  direct 
route  to  the  territory  of  the  United  States. 

We  feel  desirous  to  guard  your  excellency  from  inferring  from 
this  detail  that  the  treatment  we  received  in  the  Spanish  Provinces 
met  with  the  approbation  of  the  inhabitants  thereof  or  excited  no 
sympathy  for  our  fate.  As  far  as  information  could  be  collected 
in  our  situation,  embarrassed  too  as  we  were  by  the  difficulties  of 
an  unknown  tongue,  and  the  suspicions  of  a  tottering  government 
we  have  no  hesitation  in  avowing  that  the  conduct  exhibited  us  was 
condemned  by  all  but  the  immediate  dependants  of  government. 
That  a  free  and  reciprocal  intercourse  with  the  citizens  of  these 
states  was  ardently  desired  by  them,  and  that  our  return  under 
more  auspicious  circumstances  and  with  whatever  views  would  be 
hailed  by  them  with  joy  and  exultation.  The  causes  which  pro- 
duced the  treatment  of  which  we  have  complained  may  not  again 
operate,  the  same  concurrence  of  events  may  not  again  take  place, 


Appendix  291 

there  may  be  nothing  to  awaken  the  suspicion  of  a  feeble  govern- 
ment, or  if  awakened  facts  may  present  themselves  in  such  a  shape 
as  to  allay  or  render  it  harmless. 

These  impressions,  Sir,  are  indelibly  fixed  on  our  minds  and  we 
are  determined  to  obey  their  promptings.  We  consider  it  due  to 
the  nation  not  to  abandon  an  intercourse  which  is  not  denied  in 
others  of  the  Spanish  Provinces.  We  consider  it  due  to  ourselves 
to  avail  ourselves  of  the  advantages  of  our  local  situation — we  con- 
sider the  admonition  of  our  patriotick  President  equally  acceptable 
to  the  private  citizen  and  the  legislator,  to  watch  the  events  that 
are  developing  themselves  in  that  interesting  portion  of  our  con- 
tinent and  not  to  be  unprepared  for  whatever  may  take  place.  As 
we  quote  from  memory,  these  may  not  be  the  words  of  Mr.  Mad- 
ison.    They  however  convey  his  ideas  on  the  subject. 

The  reasons  Sir,  which  suggested  to  us  the  laudable  nature  of 
our  first  enterprize  operate  now  upon  us  with  double  force.  Al- 
though blindfolded  as  it  were  by  tyranny  we  have  yet  seen  enough 
to  awaken  enquiry  and  stimulate  exertion.  Instructed  by  hard  ex- 
perience we  can  form  some  idea  of  the  difficulties  we  may  have  to 
encounter.  We  think  we  can  calculate  the  amount  of  opposition, 
we  feel  that  we  can  justly  appreciate  the  glowing  reception  we 
shall  meet  from  the  unfortunate,  the  imbruted  American  Spaniards. 
Like  most  children  of  hope  we  realize  to  ourselves  some  compensa- 
tion for  shattered  constitution  for  injured  fortune  and  lost  time. 
We  flatter  ourselves  with  the  power  of  making  valuable  additions 
to  geographical  knowledge,  of  communicating  a  correct  view  of 
wants  to  be  supplied  and  productions  to  be  exchanged. 

In  a  former  part  of  this  letter  we  have  taken  the  liberty  of  sub- 
mitting to  your  excellency  a  brief  statement  of  our  situation  while 
we  remained  in  the  Spanish  Provinces,  but  we  are  aware  that  at 
present  it  cannot  be  made  the  subject  of  remonstrance  much  less 
of  redress.  We  think  it  however  not  unworthy  of  record,  as  far 
as  it  has  reference  to  us  as  citizens  of  the  United  States,  or  as  it 
may  have  influence  on  our  own  individual  conduct.  We  have  full 
confidence  that  in  future  negotiations  it  will  receive  that  attention 
which  its  merits  demand.  We  have  mentioned  only  because  we  be- 
lieved it  proper,  and  we  shall  think  of  it  only  as  far  as  it  may  be 
useful.  In  our  persons  we  have  considered  the  sovereignty  of  the 
American   people   insulted,   and   with  views   of   honest   industry  in 


292  Appendix 

again  visiting  these  provinces  we  have  no  disposition  to  forget 
what  is  due  to  personal  respect  or  to  patriotism. 

The  enterprize,  Sir,  which  we  contemplate  undertaking  may  as 
you  will  readily  perceive  be  attended  with  difficulty  and  danger, 
and  its  features  may  be  varied  by  unexpected  occurrences.  It  is 
therefore  impossible  to  give  you  as  distinct  a  view  of  it  as  we  could 
wish.  The  intentions  with  which  it  is  undertaken  and  the  means 
by  which  it  is  to  be  conducted  may  be  partially  collected  from  the 
communication  which  is  now  hastely  presented  to  you.  And  we 
cannot  permit  ourselves  to  apprehend  that  the  countenance  and 
approbation  of  our  venerated  government  will  be  withheld  from  an 
expedition,  whose  views  we  know  to  be  correct,  whose  means  we 
pledge  ourselves  shall  be  honorable,  which  may  make  large  con- 
tributions to  national  prosperity,  may  extend  the  bounds  of  knowl- 
edge and  multiply  the  means  of  happiness. 

Signed  in  behalf  of  Reuben  Smith,  James  Patterson  &  myself 

J.  McLanahan. 

(In  Dalton  Collection  of  Manuscripts  in  Archives  Missouri  His- 
torical   Society.) 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  JAMES  BAIRD 

JAMES  BAIRD  was  born  at  Carlisle,  Pennsylvania,  in  July  1787, 
where  he  learned  the  trade  of  blacksmith  and  bear-trap  maker. 
He  was  married  at  Path  Valley,  Pennsylvania,  in  September  1784, 
and  soon  after  established  himself  at  Fort  Duquesne.  In  May  1786, 
he  removed  to  Erie,  and  in  March  1809  to  Pittsburgh.  In  August 
1 8 10  he  came  to  St.  Louis  and  started  a  blacksmith  shop  on  Main 
Street  and  Clark  Avenue.  The  next  year  he  built  a  shop  on  Third 
Street  between  Spruce  and  Plum,  which  later  was  the  first  St.  Louis 
Theater.  In  18 12  Baird  together  with  Robert  McKnight,  William 
Chambers,  Benjamin  Shreeve,  Alfred  Allen,  Michael  MacDonough, 
William  Mines,  Peter  Baum,  Thomas  Cook  and  Francois  Maille 
started  on  an  expedition  to  Santa  Fe.  They  were  at  Fort  Osage, 
on  the  Missouri,  4  June,  1812,  and  as  Gregg  says  that  they  fol- 
lowed the  direction  of  Captain  Pike,  they  probably  went  to  the 
southwestward  instead  of  following  the  South  fork  of  the  Platte, 
which  was  previously  the  usual  course.  When  they  reached  Santa 
Fe  they  were  arrested  and  sent  to  Chihuahua,  where  they  were 
kept  in  prison  for  upwards  of  nine  years  for  entering  the  country 
without  passports.     In  the  St.  Louis  Enquirer  of  12  July,   1820,  it 


Appendix  293 

is  said  that  "the  progress  of  the  revolution  in  Spain  has  forced 
from  that  miserable  wretch  Ferdinand  VII,  an  order  for  setting  at 
liberty  all  such  Americans  of  the  United  States  as  have  been  made 
prisoners  within  his  dominions,"  and  that  the  individuals  named 
above,  except  Chambers,  who  is  not  mentioned,  will  be  entitled  to 
their  liberty  in  consequence  of  the  above  order.  "It  is  said  that 
two  of  the  party  contrived  early  in  1821,  to  return  to  the  United 
States  in  a  canoe  which  they  succeeded  in  forcing  down  the  Cana- 
dian fork  of  the  Arkansas"  (Gregg's  Commerce  of  the  Prairies,  p. 
20).  One  of  these  was  Baum  whom  James  saw  in  St.  Louis  before 
his  departure:  the  other,  James  says,  was  one  of  Pike's  men.  Baird 
is  said  to  have  made  the  trip  from  Santa  Fe  back  to  St.  Louis 
without  company.  He  and  his  old  partner.  Chambers,  organized 
a  second  expedition  which  left  St.  Louis  late  in  the  fall  of  1822. 
They  were  caught  in  a  blizzard  at  the  crossing  of  the  Arkansas; 
they  lost  all  of  their  animals  and  were  compelled  to  spend  the  win- 
ter at  that  place.  They  got  through  in  the  spring  and  went  to 
Chihuahua  where  they  sold  their  goods  at  such  prices  as  made 
the  venture  a  successful  one.  Baird  died  at  El  Paso  del  Norte,  in 
December  1826.  Much  of  the  information  about  Baird  is  derived 
from  a  manuscript,  by  Capt.  J.  W.  Baird  of  Louisville,  in  the 
archives  of  the  Historical  Society. 

In  an  article  in  the  Southwestern  Historical  Quarterly  for  Jan- 
uary 19 1 6,  p.  256,  is  a  letter  from  Baird  to  Ramirez,  the  chief  ofii- 
cer  of  the  El  Paso  district,  of  date  26  October,  1826,  stating  that  he 
had  entered  upon  the  enjoyment  of  the  rights  of  Mexican  citizen- 
ship, having  resided  in  the  provinces  for  fourteen  years,  and  com- 
plaining, as  a  citizen  of  the  great  Mexican  nation,  against  the  ex- 
traordinary conduct  of  some  foreigners,  Anglo-Americans,  who 
were  hunting  beaver  in  the  Mexican  territory  and  begging  that  the 
foreigners  be  confined  to  the  limits  which  the  laws  permit  them, 
"and  that  we  Mexicans  may  peaceably  profit  by  the  goods  with 
which  the  merciful  God  has  been  pleased  to  enrich  our  soil." 

BIOGRAPHICAL    SKETCH    OF    JACQUES    CLAMORGAN 

JACQUES  CLAMORGAN  came  to  St.  Louis  before  1784,  and  died 
there  about  the  nth  day  of  November,  1814,  aged  eighty  years.  It 
is  said  that  he  came  from  Guadelupe  and  was  of  Portuguese  birth 
or  descent.  There  is  less  to  be  learned  about  him  than  about  any 
other  man  of  equal  prominence  of  his  day.     This  may  be  because 


294  Appendix 

of  the  fact  that  he  was  of  alien  blood  from  the  French  and  Span- 
ish inhabitants,  and  without  family  connections  in  St.  Louis.  And 
it  may  be  because  his  manner  of  life  did  not  commend  itself  to  the 
people.  He  maintained  a  harem  of  negro  or  mulatto  slave  women 
whom  he  emancipated  when  they  bore  him  children.  Among  his 
grandchildren  was  a  son  of  Lord  Edward  Fitzgerald  who  visited 
St.  Louis  in  1789.  Glamorgan  was  active,  bold  and  enterprising  as 
a  trader,  and  obtained  from  the  Spanish  government  grants  of  im- 
mense tracts  of  land  in  what  is  now  Missouri  and  Arkansas  amount- 
ing in  all  to  about  one  million  arpents.  (For  information  as  to  one 
of  these  ''claims"  see  U.  S.  Reports  11  Otto  822.)  He  was  the 
leader  in  the  company  formed  at  St.  Louis  in  1794,  for  trading  on 
the  upper  Missouri.  He  also  traded  in  partnership  with  Regis  Loi- 
sel,  with  Isaac  and  Andrew  Todd  of  Montreal,  and  was  the  rep- 
resentative of  Daniel  Clark  of  New  Orleans.  In  1807  he  and 
Manuel  Lisa  sent  a  barge  load  of  goods  to  New  Mexico  with  a 
party  commanded  by  Louison  Baudoin.  Among  Flint's  boatmen, 
in  1 8 16,  was  a  man  who  "had  been  in  the  Spanish  country,  through 
which  he  had  penetrated  by  the  almost  interminable  courses  of  the 
Arkansas  and  Red  River;"  most  likely  one  of  Baudoin's  men. 
Glamorgan,  notwithstanding  his  great  business  activity,  left  but  a 
small  estate  at  his  death,  out  side  of  his  land  grants  which  were 
never  confirmed   by  the   United   States. 

BIOGRAPHICAL  SKETCH  OF  JULES  DE  MUN 


ents      at      Port      au 
Prince  in  the  Island 
of  San  Domingo,  25 
April  1782,  and  died  at  St.  Louis,  15  August  1843. 

His  family  was  of  the  ancient  nobility  of  the  old  Province  of 
Bigorre  in  the  south  of  France.  When  quite  young  he  was  sent 
with  his  brother  to  France  to  be  educated.  The  negro  outbreak 
in  San  Domingo  drove  his  parents  from  the  island,  and,  France 
being  then  in  the  throes  of  the  Revolution,  they  took  refuge  in 
England.  Jules  and  his  brother  were  sent  for,  and  escaped  from 
France  in  disguise  in  charge  of  a  faithful   family  servant.      The 


Appendix  295 

father,  Jacques  de  Mun,  died  in  England  about  the  beginning  of 
the  nineteenth  century.  His  widow  remained  in  England  until 
1808  when  she  brought  her  family  to  this  country  and  made  her 
home  at  Ste.  Genevieve. 

Jules  de  Mun  soon  after  established  himself  at  St.  Louis,  and 
here,  on  31  March  18 12,  he  married  Isabel,  daughter  of  Charles 
Gratiot  and  Victoire  Chouteau.  In  September  181 5,  de  Mun  went 
on  a  trading  and  trapping  expedition  to  the  head  waters  of  the 
Arkansas  River  in  partnership  with  August  P.  Chouteau,  and 
some  account  of  his  adventures  is  given  in  a  letter  written  by  him 
to  Governor  Clark,  which  is  printed  in  American  State  Papers 
Vol.  4,  Foreign  Relations,  p.  207.  Mr.  de  Mun  removed  with  his 
family  to  Cuba  in  1819,  and  remained  there,  engaged  in  coffee 
planting,  until  1830  when  he  returned  to  St.  Louis.  Shortly  after 
his  return  he  was  appointed  Secretary  and  Translator  to  the  United 
States  Board  of  Commissioners  which  was  charged  with  the  duty 
of  adjusting  the  titles  to  French  and  Spanish  land  grants  in  Mis- 
souri, the  duties  of  which  positions  he  discharged  with  marked  abil- 
ity. He  was  afterwards  appointed  Register  of  the  United  States  Land 
Office  at  St.  Louis,  and  later  elected  Recorder  of  Deeds  of  the 
County  of  St.  Louis,  which  latter  office  he  held  at  the  time  of  his 
death.  He  left  surviving  his  widow  and  five  daughters.  Madame 
de  Mun  died  in  St.  Louis  13  July  1878.  Four  of  the  daughters 
married  in  St.  Louis,  Isabella,  the  eldest,  to  Edward  Walsh,  Esq. ; 
Julia  to  Leon  Chenie;  Louisa  to  Robert  A.  Barnes,  and  Emelie  to 
Charles  Bland  Smith,  Clara,  the  joungest  daughter,  died  unmar- 
ried. Descendants  of  Mrs.  Walsh  and  Mrs.  Chenie  now  live  in 
St.  Louis. 

OBITUARY  NOTICE  OF  MATTHEW  LYON 

Died,  at  Spadre  Bluff,  Arkansas  Territory,  on  Thursday,  the  first 
of  August,  after  a  short  illness.  Colonel  Matthew  Lyon,  United  States' 
Factor  for  the  Cherokee  Nation  on  the  Arkansas,  aged  76  years. 

Colonel  Lyon  was  born  in  Ireland  but  emigrated  to  America  at 
a  very  early  period  of  his  life.  He  was  one  of  the  first  settlers  in 
Vermont,  and  married  a  daughter  of  one  of  the  early  governors  of 
that  State.  During  the  Revolutionary  war,  he  took  an  active  part 
in  support  of  the  liberties  and  independence  of  his  adopted  country. 
After  the  war  he  was  chosen  to  fill  several  important  civil  offices. 
He  was  a  member  of  the  Convention  that  formed  the  constitution 


296  Appendix 

of  Vermont,  and  was  several  times  elected  to  the  Legislature  of 
that  State.  About  1779  he  was  elected  a  Representative  to  Con- 
gress by  the  people  of  Vermont. 

Having  been  unsuccessful  in  an  extensive  manufacturing  estab- 
lishment in  which  he  was  engaged  in  Vermont,  and  having  a  young 
and  growing  family  to  provide  for.  Col.  L.  determined  to  emi- 
grate to  the  Western  Country.  Accordingly  about  the  year  of  i8oa 
he  removed  to  Eddyville,  Kentucky,  on  the  Cumberland  river, 
where  he  was  for  some  time  extensively  engaged  in  the  exporting 
and  ship  building  business. 

In  1803  he  was  elected  a  Representative  in  Congress  from  Ken- 
tucky, and  was  re-elected  during  the  succeeding  twelve  years.  He 
was   also  several   times   elected  to  the  Legislature    of    that   State. 

Vi^hile  in  Congress,  no  man  was  more  attentive  to  the  interests 
of  his  constituents  than  Col.  Lyon;  he  likewise  evinced  his  usual 
zeal  and  patriotism  on  all  important  national  questions.  During 
20  years  of  his  life  he  has  been  a  member  of  different  State  Leg- 
islatures, was  a  member  of  Congress  during  14  sessions,  and  has 
been  a  member  of  7  or  8  Conventions  raised  for  revolutionary  pur- 
poses or  for  forming  or  amending  State  Constitutions. 

Having  embarked  his  all  in  promoting  improvements  in  his  new 
settlement  on  the  Cumberland,  he,  like  many  other  enterprizing 
and  useful  men,  was  unfortunate,  and  in  the  decline  of  life,  had 
the  misfortune  to  find  himself  reduced  from  affluence  to  poverty. 
His  friends  having  made  his  misfortunes  known  to  the  Executive, 
he  was,  in  1820  appointed  to  the  situation,  which  he  filled  at  the 
time  of  his  death. 

About  6  or  7  months  after  his  arrival  in  this  Territory,  an  elec- 
tion took  place  for  Delegate  to  Congress.  He  announced  himself 
as  a  candidate,  and  notwithstanding  his  advanced  age,  the  short 
time  he  had  been  in  the  territory,  and  the  respectable  standing  of 
his  opponent,  he  nearly  succeeded  in  being  elected. 

In  private  as  well  as  public  life,  the  character  of  Col.  Lyon  stood 
fair;  his  manners  were  calculated  to  make  friends;  he  was  frank, 
generous  and  sincere.  {Missouri  Intelligencer,  Oct.  4,  1822 — From 
Arkansas  Gazette.) 

For  an  account  of  Lyon's  prosecution  and  imprisonment  under 
the  Sedition  Law,  of  which  he  was  the  first  victim,  see  2  McMas- 
ter's  History,  pp.  399-402.  Also  Pliny  H.  White's  Life  and  Ser- 
vices of  Maitheiv  Lyon,  Burlington,  1858. 


297 


BIBLIOGRAPHY 


LIST  OF  BOOKS  AND  MANUSCRIPTS  IN  THE  LIBRARY  OF 

THE  MISSOURI  HISTORICAL  SOCIETY,  CONSULTED 

IN  THE  PREPARATION  OF  THIS  VOLUME 

Abel,  Annie  Heloise.  The  History  of  Events  Resulting  in  Indian 
Consolidation  west  of  the  Mississippi.  In  i  Annual  Report  of 
the  American  Historical  Association,  1906.  8vo.  Washington, 
1908. 

Abney,  a.  H.  Life  and  Adventures  of  L.  D.  Lafferty.  i2mo.  Por- 
traits.   New  York,  n.  d.  [1875]. 

American  State  Papers,  Vol.  11.  Indian  Affairs.  Vol.  2.  Folio. 
Washington,  1834. 

American  State  Papers,  Vol.  IV.  Foreign  Relations.  Folio.  Wash- 
ington, 1834. 

Appleton's  Cyclopaedia  of  American  Biography,  Edited  by  James 
Grant  Wilson  and  John  Fiske.  6  vols.  Royal  8vo.  New  York, 
1888. 

Arkansas  Historical  Association,  Publication  of  the.  Vol.  3.  8vo. 
Fayetteville,  191 1. 

Audubon,  Maria  R.  and  Elliott  Coues.  Audubon  and  his  Jour- 
nals.   2  Vols.    8vo.    Ports.    London,  1878. 

Bancroft,  Hubert  H.  History  of  Arizona  and  New  Mexico,  1530- 
1888.     8vo.     San  Francisco,  1889. 

Beauregard,  Mrs.  Henry  Toutant.    See  Trudeau. 

Beck,  Lewis  C.  A  Gazeteer  of  the  State  of  Illinois  and  Missouri. 
8vo.    Illustrations  and  Maps.    Albany,  1823. 

Beckwourth,  James  P.  The  Life  and  Adventures  of,  Mountaineer, 
Scout  and  Pioneer,  and  Chief  of  the  Crow  Nation  of  Indians. 
With  Illustrations.  Written  from  his  own  Dictation  by  T.  D. 
Bonner.     i2mo.    New  York,  1856. 

Billon,  Frederic  L.  Annals  of  St.  Louis  in  its  Early  Days  Under 
the  French  and  Spanish  Dominations.  8vo.  Portrait  and  Illus- 
trations.    St.  Louis,  1886. 

Annals  of  St.  Louis  in  its  Territorial  Days  from  1804  to  1821. 
8vo.     Portrait  and  Illustrations.    St.  Louis,  1888. 

Boller,  Henry  A.  Among  the  Indians;  Eight  Years  in  the  Far 
West,  1 858-1866.    8vo.    Map.    Philadelphia,  1868. 

Bolton,  Herbert  E.    See  de  Mezieres. 

Brackenridge,  Henry  M.  Views  of  Louisiana  together  with  a  Jour- 
nal of  a  Voyage  up  the  Missouri  in  181 1.  8vo.  Pittsburgh,  1814. 
Same  (second  edition)  in  Early  Western  Travels.  Edited  by 
Reuben  G.  Thwaites. 

Recollections  of  Persons  and  Places  in  the  West.    2nd  Ed.  i2mo. 
Philadelphia,  1868. 


298  Bibliography 

Bradbury,  John.     Travels  in  the  Interior  of  America  in  the  year 
1809,  1 810  and  1811.    8vo.   Liverpool,  1817. 
Same  in  Early  Western  Travels. 

Bryan,  Wm.  S.  and  Robert  Rose.  A  history  of  the  Pioneer  Fami- 
lies of  Missouri,  with  numerous  Sketches,  Anecdotes,  Adven- 
tures, etc.,  relating  to  Early  Days  in  Missouri.  Also  the  Lives 
of  Daniel  Boone  and  the  celebrated  Indian  Chief  Black  Hawk, 
with  numerous  Biographies,  and  Histories  of  Primitive  Institu- 
tions.   8vo.    Illus.     St.  Louis,  1876. 

Chittenden,  Hiram  Martin.  The  American  Fur  Trade  of  the  Far 
West.  A  History  of  the  Pioneer  Trading  Posts  and  Early  Fur 
Companies  of  the  Missouri  Valley  and  the  Rocky  Mountains  and 
of  the  Overland  Commerce  with  Santa  Fe.  3  Vols.  8vo.  Map 
and  Illustrations.     New  York,  1903. 

Clark,  William  and  Nathaniel  Pryor,  Letters  of.  In  Annals  of 
Iowa.     3d  series.    Vol.  i.    Page  616. 

CoLLETT,  Oscar  W.     Index  to  Cahokia  Marriage  Register.    MSB. 

CoNNELLEY,  WiLLiAM  Elsey.     See  Hughes. 

CooKE,  p.  St.  G.    Scenes  and  Adventures  in  the  Army;  or,  Romance 
of  Military  Life.    i2mo.    Philadelphia,  1859. 
See  Emory,  Notes  of  a  Reconnoissance. 

CouES,  Elliott.  See  Audubon,  Fowler,  Henry-Thompson,  Larpen- 
teur,  Lewis  and  Clark,  Z.  M.  Pike. 

Cox,  Ross.  Adventures  on  the  Columbia  River,  including  a  Narra- 
tive of  six  years'  Residence  on  the  Western  side  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  together  with  a  Journey  over  the  American  Conti- 
nent.   8vo.    London,  183 1. 

CuLLUM,  George  W.  Biographical  Register  of  the  Officers  and 
Graduates  of  the  U.  S.  Military  Academy  at  West  Point,  N.  Y., 
1802-1867.    2  Vols.    8vo.    New  York,  1868. 

Dalton,  Mary  Louise.  Notes  on  the  Genealogy  of  the  Valle  Fam- 
ily, in  2  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections.    St.  Louis,  1906. 

Davis,  W.  W.  H.  El  Gringo ;  or  New  Mexico  and  her  People.  i2mo. 
Illus.    New  York,  1857. 

de  Mezieres,  Athanase,  and  the  Louisiana-Texas  Frontier,  1768- 
1780.  Edited  by  Herbert  Eugene  Bolton,  Ph.  D.  2  Vols.  8vo. 
Cleveland,  1914. 

DE  Smet,  p.  J.,  S.  J.     Letters  and  Sketches;  with  a  Narrative  of  a 
year's  Residence  among  the  Indian  Tribes  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains.    Illus.      i2mo.     Philadelphia,   1834. 
Same  in  Early  Western  Travels. 

Douglas,  Robert  Sidney.  History  of  Southeast  Missouri;  a  narra- 
tive account  of  its  historical  progress,  its  people  and  its  princi- 
pal interests.    2  Vols.    Royal  8vo.     Illus.     Chicago,  1888. 

Emory,  Lieut.  Col.  W.  H.  Notes  of  a  Military  Reconnoissance 
from  Fort  Leavenworth,  in  Missouri,  to  San  Diego,  in  Califor- 


Bibliography  299 

nia;  Including  part  of  the  Arkansas,  Del  Norte  and  Gila  Riv- 
ers. Also,  Report  of  Lieut.  J.  W.  Abert  of  his  examination  of 
New  Mexico  in  the  years  1846-47;  Report  of  Lieut.  Col.  P.  St. 
George  Cooke  of  his  March  from  Santa  Fe,  New  Mexico,  to 
San  Diego,  Upper  California,  and  Journal  of  Captain  A.  R. 
Johnston,  First  Dragoons.  8vo.  Illustrations  and  Maps.  Wash- 
ington, 1848. 

Flint,  Timothy.  Recollections  of  the  Last  Ten  Years  passed  in 
Occasional  Journeyings  in  the  Valley  of  the  Mississpipi  from 
Pittsburgh  and  the  Missouri  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  and  from 
Florida  to  the  Spanish  Frontier.    8vo.    Boston,  1826. 

Florissant,  Register  of  the  Church  at.     MSS. 

Fowler,  Jacob.  The  Journal  of.  Narrating  an  Adventure  from 
Arkansas  through  the  Indian  Territory,  Oklahoma,  Kansas,  Col- 
orado, and  New  Mexico  to  the  Sources  of  the  Rio  Grande  Del 
Norte.  Edited  with  notes  by  Elliott  Coues.  8vo.  New  York, 
1898. 

Franchere,   Gabriel.     Narrative  of  a  Voyage    to    the    Northwest 
Coast  of  America  in  the  years  1811,   18 12,  1813   and  18 14;  or 
the    First   American    Settlement  on  the  Pacific.     Translated  and 
edited  by  J.  V.  Huntington.    i2mo.    New  York,  1954. 
Same,  Early  Western  Travels. 

Garrard,  Lewis  H.  Wah-to-yah,  and  the  Taos  Trail;  or  Prairie 
Travel  and  Scalp  Dances,  with  a  Look  at  Los  Rancheros  from 
Muleback,  and  the  Rocky  Mountain  Camp  fire.  i2mo.  Cincin- 
nati, 1850. 

Gayarre,  Charles.  Histoire  de  La  Louisiane.  2  Vols.  8vo.  Nou- 
velle  Orleans,  1846. 

Louisiana;  its  Colonial  History  and  Romance.  8vo.  New  York, 
1851. 

Gregg,  Josiah.  Commerce  of  the  Prairies ;  or  the  Journal  of  a  Santa 
Fe  Trader  during  eight  expeditions  across  the  Great  Western 
Prairies  and  a  Residence  of  nearly  nine  years  in  Northern  Mex- 
ico, Illustrated  with  Maps  and  Engravings.  2  Vols.  i2rao. 
New  York,  1844. 

Same,  Second  Edition.     2  Vols.     8vo.    New  York,  1845. 
Same  in  Early  Western  Travels. 

Hempstead,  Fay.  A  Pictorial  History  of  Arkansas.  8vo.  Illustra- 
tions.    St.  Louis,  1890. 

Henry,  Alexander,  and  David  Thompson.  The  Manuscript  Jour- 
nals of.  Edited  by  Elliott  Coues.  3  Vols.  8vo.  New  York, 
1897. 

[Hildreth,  James].  Dragoon  Campaigns  to  the  Rocky  Mountains. 
i2rao.    New  York,  1836. 

History  of  Cass  and  Bates  Counties,  Missouri,  containing  a  his- 
tory of  these  counties,  their  cities,  towns,  etc.  8vo.  Illus.  St. 
Joseph,  1883. 


300  Bibliography 

History  of  Franklin,  Jefferson,  Washington,  Crawford  and 
Gasconade  Counties,  Missouri;  from  the  earliest  time  to  the 
present;  together  with  sundry  personal  business  and  professional 
sketches  and  numerous  family  records;  besides  a  valuable  fund 
of  notes,  original  observations,  etc.    8vo.    Illus.     Chicago,  1883. 

History  of  Howard  and  Cooper  Counties,  Missouri.   Royal  8vo. 

Illus.  St.  Louis,  1883.  ^ 
History  (Combined)  of  Randolph,  Monroe  and  Perry  Counties, 

Illinois;  with   Illustrations  descriptive  of  their  Scenery,    and 

Biographical    Sketches  of  their  Prominent  Men   and   Pioneers. 

4to.  Philadelphia  [1883]. 
History  of  St.  Charles,  Montgomery   and    Warren    Counties, 

MissouRL    8vo.   St.  Louis,  1885. 

History  of  Southeast  Missouri,  embracing  an  historical  account  of 
the  counties  of  Ste.  Genevieve,  St.  Francois,  Perry,  Cape  Girar- 
deau, Bollinger,  Madison,  New  Madrid,  Pemiscot,  Dunklin, 
Scott,  Mississippi,  Stoddard,  Butler,  Wayne  and  Iron.  8vo. 
Illus.    Chicago,  1888. 

History  of  Vernon  County,  Missouri,  written  and  compiled  from 
the  most  authentic  official  and  private  sources,  including  a  his- 
tory of  its  townships,  towns  and  villages.  8vo.  Illus.  St.  Louis, 
1887. 

Hobbs,  Captain  James,  of  California.  Life  in  the  Far  West:  Per- 
sonal Adventures  of  a  border  Mountain  Man.  8vo.  Illus.  Hart- 
ford, 1873. 

Hodge,  Frederick  Webb,  Editor,  Handbook  of  American  Indians 
North  of  Mexico.   2  Vols.    8vo.   Washington,  1907- 19 10. 

Holley,  Frances  Chamberlain.  Once  Their  Home,  or  Our  Legacy 
from  the  Dakotahs;  Historical,  Biographical  and  Incidental, 
from  Far-oflF  Days  down  to  the  Present.    8vo.    Chicago,  1890. 

HoucK,  Louis.  A  History  of  Missouri  from  the  Earliest  Explora- 
tions and  Settlements  until  the  Admission  of  the  State  into  the 
Union.    3  Vols.    8vo.     Illus.     Chicago,  1898. 

Hughes,  John  T.  Doniphan's  Expedition;  containing  an  account 
of  the  conquest  of  New  Mexico;  General  Kearney's  Overland 
Expedition  to  California;  Doniphan's  Campaign  against  the 
Navajos;  His  Unparalleled  March  upon  Chihuahua  and  Du- 
rango;  and  the  Operations  of  General  Price  at  Santa  Fe,  with 
a  Sketch  of  the  Life  of  Col.  Doniphan.  i2mo.  Illustrations  and 
Maps.     Cincinnati,  1850. 

Same,  Edited  by  William  Elsey  Connelley,  with  notes  and  much 
additional  matter.    8vo.    Illustrations  and  Maps.    Topeka,  1907. 

Inman,  Colonel  Henry.  The  Old  Santa  Fe  Trail.  8vo.  Illus.  New 
York,  1898. 

Irving,  Washington.  A  Tour  of  the  Prairies.  i2mo.  Philadelphia, 
1835. 


Bibliography  301 

Astoria,  or  Anecdotes  of  an  Enterprise  beyond  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains.   2  Vols.    8vo.    Philadelphia,  1836. 

James,  Edwin.  An  account  of  an  Expedition  from  Pittsburgh  to  the 
Rocky  Mountains  Performed  in  the  years  18 17  and  '20  by 
Order  of  Hon.  J.  C.  Calhoun,  Sec'y  of  War,  Under  the  Com- 
mand of  Major  Stephen  Long.  2  Vols.  8vo.  With  an  Atlas. 
Philadelphia,  1823. 

(in  the  library  of  the  Missouri  Historical  Society  there  is  a  copy  of  this  book  bearing  the 
autograph  of  Major  Thomas  Biddle,  the  first  historigrapher  of  the  Expedition.) 

Same,  in  Early  Western  Travels. 

Lang,  John  D.,  and  Samuel  Taylor,  Jr.  Report  of  a  Visit  to  some 
of  the  Tribes  of  Indians  located  west  of  the  Mississippi  River. 
8vo.    New  York,  1843. 

Larpenteur,  Charles.  Forty  Years  a  Fur  Trader  on  the  Upper 
Missouri;  The  Personal  Narrative  of.  Edited  by  Elliott  Coues. 
2  Vols.    8vo.   New  York,  1898. 

Latrobe,  Charles  Joseph.  The  Rambler  in  North  America, 
MDCCCXXXII-MDCCCXXXIII,  2  Vols.  8vo.  Portraits.  Lon- 
don, 1835. 

Laut,  Agnes  C.    Through  Our  Unknown  Southwest.     8vo.     Illus. 

New  York,  19 13. 

Leonard,  Zenas,  Adventures  of.  Fur  Trader  and  Trapper,  1831- 
1836.  Reprinted  from  the  rare  original  of  1839.  Edited  by  W. 
F.  Wagner,  M.  D.,  with  Maps  and  Illustrations.  8vo.  Cleve- 
land, 1904. 

Levens,  Henry  C,  and  Nathaniel  M.  Drake.  History  of  Cooper 
County,  Missouri,  from  the  first  visit  by  white  men  in  February, 
1804,  to  the  5th  day  of  July,  1876.    8vo.    St.  Louis,  1876. 

Lewis  and  Clark.  Original  Journals  of  the  Lewis  and  Clark  Expe- 
dition, 1804,  1806.  Edited  with  Introduction,  Notes  and  Index 
by  Reuben  Gold  Thwaites.  7  Vols,  (in  14  books).  4to.  Atlas. 
Portraits,  Maps  and  Illustrations.   New  York,  1904. 

(Gift  of  William  K.  Bixby,  Esq.) 

History  of  the  Expedition  under  the  Command  of  Lewis  and 
Clark  to  the  Source  of  the  Missouri  River,  thence  across  the 
Rocky  Mountains  and  down  the  Columbia  River  to  the  Pacific 
Ocean,  performed  during  the  years  1804-5-6,  by  order  of  the 
Government  of  the  United  States.  Edited  by  Elliott  Coues.  4 
Vols.    8vo.    Portraits  and  Maps.   New  York,  1893. 

Long,  Stephen  H.    See  James,  Edwin. 

Louisiana  Gazette  (newspaper),  St.  Louis. 

McClintock,  Walter.  The  Old  North  Trail ;  or  Life,  Legends  and 
Religion  of  the  Black-feet  Indians.    8vo.    Illus.    London,  1910. 

McClung,  John  A.  Sketches  of  Western  Adventure.  i2mo.  Illus. 
Louisville,   1879. 


302  Bibliography 

Marcy,  Colonel  R.  B.,  U.  S.  A.  Thirty  Years  of  Army  Life  on  the 
Border.    8vo.    Illus.    New  York,  1866. 

Marmaduke,  Meredith  M.  Journal  of.  [Expedition  to  Santa  F6 
in  1824.]  In  VI  Missouri  Historical  Review.  8vo.  Columbia, 
1911. 

Masson^  L.  R.  Les  Bourgeois  de  la  Corapagnie  du  Nord-Ouest; 
Recits  de  voyages,  Lettres  et  Rapports  Inedits  Relatifs  au  Nord- 
Ouest  Canadien.     2  Vols.     8vo.     Quebec,  1889-1890. 

Matthews,  Washington.  Ethnography  and  Philology  of  the  Hi- 
datsa  Indians.     8vo.    Washington,  1877. 

Maximilian,  Prince  of  Wied.  Travels  in  the  Interior  of  North 
America.  Reprint  in  Early  Western  Travels,  edited  with  notes 
by  Reuben  Gold  Thwaites.  4  Vols.  8vo.  Illus.  Cleveland, 
1906. 

(The  Historical  Society  has  a  copy  of  the  original  Atlas  of  engravings  and  map,  but  of  the 
text  the  reprint  only.) 

Meline,  James  F.  Two  thousand  Miles  on  Horseback;  A  Summer 
Tour  to  the  Plains,  the  Rocky  Mountains  and  New  Mexico. 
i2mo.    Map.    New  York,  n.  d.  [1872]. 

Missouri  Gazette  (newspaper).    St.  Louis. 
Missouri  Intelligencer  (newspaper).     Franklin,  Mo. 

Mollhausen,  Baldwin.  Wanderungen  durch  die  Prairen  und 
Wusten  des  Westlichen  Nord  Amerika  von  Mississippi  nach 
dem  Kusten  der  Sud  see.  Eingefuhrt  von  Alexander  von  Hum- 
boldt. Zweite  Auflage.  8vo.  Leipsig,  i860. 
Diary  of  a  Journey  from  the  Mississippi  to  the  Coasts  of  the 
Pacific  with  a  United  States  Government  Commission,  with  an 
Introduction  by  Alexander  von  Humboldt  and  Illustrations  in 
chromo  lithography.  Translated  by  Mrs.  Percy  Sinnet.  2  Vols. 
8vo.    Map.     London,   1858. 

Neihardt,  John  G.  The  Song  of  Hugh  Glass.  i2mo.  New  York, 
1915. 

Nuttall,  Thomas.     A  Journal  of  Travels  into  the  Arkansa  Terri- 
tory during  the  year  1819,  with  occasional  observations  on  the 
manners  of  the  Aborigines.     8vo.     Illustrations  and  maps.   Phil- 
adelphia, 1821. 
Same,  Early  Western  Travels. 

Old  Settlers'  History  of  Bates  County,  Missouri,  from  its  First 
Settlement  to  the  first  day  of  January,  1900.  8vo.  Amsterdam, 
Mo.  n.  d.  [1897]. 

Palliser,  John.  The  Solitary  Hunter;  or  Sporting  Adventures  in 
the  Prairies.     i6mo.     London,  1856. 

Paxton,  John  A.  The  St.  Louis  Directory  and  Register,  containing 
the  Names,  Professions  and  Residence  of  all  the  Heads  of  Fam- 
ilies and  Persons  in  Business,  together  with  Descriptive  Notes 


Bibliography  303 

on  St.  Louis ;  the  Constitution  of  the  U.  States  and  State  of  Mis- 
souri.    i6mo.     St.  Louis,  1821. 

(Gift  of  Edwin  Harrison,  Esq.) 

PiKE^  Albert.  Prose  Sketches  and  Poems  written  in  the  Western 
Country.     i6mo.     Boston,  1834. 

Pike,  Major  Z.  M.  An  Account  of  Expeditions  to  the  Sources  of 
the  Mississippi  and  through  the  Western  Parts  of  Louisiana  to 
the  Sources  of  the  Arkansaw,  Kans.,  La  Platte  and  Pierre  Jaune 
Rivers.  Performed  by  order  of  the  Government  of  the  United 
States  during  the  years  1805,  1806  and  1807,  and  a  Tour 
through  the  Interior  Parts  of  New  Spain  when  conducted 
through  these  Provinces  by  order  of  the  Captain  General  in  the 
year  1807.    Portrait,  maps  and  charts.    8vo.   Philadelphia,  iSio. 

(Gift  of  William  R,  Donaldson,  Esq.) 

Same,  Edited  by  Elliott  Coues.   3  Vols.    8vo.    Portrait,  map  and 
charts.     New  York,  1895. 

Pope,  Judge  William  F.  Early  Days  in  Arkansas.  i2mo.  Illus. 
Little  Rock,  1895. 

Raines,  C.  W.  A  Bibliography  of  Texas;  being  a  descriptive  list 
of  Books,  Pamphlets  and  Documents  relating  to  Texas  in  Print 
and  Manuscript  since  1536,  including  a  complete  collection  of 
the  Laws ;  with  an  Introductory  Essay  on  the  materials  of  Early 
Texas  History.    Royal  8vo.    Austin,  1896. 

Rose,  Robert.     See  Bryan. 

RuxTON,  George  F.  Adventures  in  Mexico  and  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains.    i2mo.     London,  1849. 

Sabin,  Edwin  L.  Kit  Carson  Days  (1809-1868).  8vo.  Illus.  Chi- 
cago, 1914. 

St.  Louis  Reveille  (newspaper).    St.  Louis. 

St.  Louis,  Register  of  the  Old  Cathedral  at.  MSS. 

Schoolcraft,  Henry  Rowe.  A  View  of  the  Lead  Mines  of  Mis- 
souri.    8vo.    Illus.    New  York,  1819. 

Journal  of  a  Tour  into  the  Interior  of  Missouri  and  Arkansaw. 
8vo.    Map.     London,  1821. 

Scenes  and  Adventures  in  the  Semi-Alpine  Region  of  the  Ozark 
Mountains  of  Missouri  and  Arkansas.    8vo.    Philadelphia,  1853. 

Shaffer,  Abraham.  To  the  Public  (A  Broadside  relating  to  the 
Capture  of  John  McDaniel).     Liberty,  Mo.,  May  i,  1843. 

(Gift  of  Col.  DeWitt  Clinton  Allen,  Liberty,  Mo.) 

Scharf,  J.  Thomas.  History  of  St.  Louis  City  and  County  from  the 
Earliest  Periods  to  the  Present  Day,  including  Biographical 
Sketches  of  the  Representative  Men.  2  Vols.  Royal  8vo.  Phil- 
adelphia, 1883. 

ScHULTZ,  J.  W.  My  life  as  an  Indian ;  The  Story  of  a  Red  Woman 
and  a  White  Man  in  the  Lodges  of  the  Blackfeet.  i2mo.  Illus. 
New  York,  1907. 


304  Bibliography 

Shepard^  Elihu  H.  The  Early  History  of  St.  Louis  and  Missouri. 
8vo.    St.  Louis,  1870. 

Shinn,  Josiah  H.    The  History  of  Arkansas ;  A  Text  Book  for  Pub- 
lic  Schools,   High   School   and    Academies.     Richmond,    n.    d. 
[1905]. 
Pioneers  and  Makers  of  Arkansas.     8vo.    n.  p.,  n.  d.  [1908]. 

StevenSj  Frank  E.  The  Black  Hawk  War  including  a  Review  of 
Black  Hawk's  Life.  Illustrated  with  upward  of  three  hundred 
rare  and  interesting  portraits  and  views.  Royal  8vo.  Chicago, 
1903. 

Taylor,  Samuel,  Jr.    See  Lang. 

Thwaites,  Reuben  G.  William  Clark;  Soldier,  Explorer,  States- 
man, 2  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections.  St.  Louis,  1906. 
See  also  Lewis  and  Clark,  and  Early  Western  Travels. 

TixiER,  Victor.  Voyage  aux  Prairies  Osages ;  Loulsiane  et  Missouri, 
1839-40.    8vo.    Illus.    Clermont-Ferrand,  1844. 

TowNSEND,  John  K.     Narrative  of  a  Journey    across    the     Rocky 
Mountains  to  the  Columbia  River,  and  a  Visit  to  the  Sandwich 
Islands,  Chili,  etc.,  with  a  Scientific  Appendix.    8vo.    Philadel- 
phia,  1839. 
Same  (in  part)   in  Early  Western  Travels. 

Trudeau,  Jean  Baptiste,  Journal  of,  Among  the  Ankara  Indians 
in  1795.  Translated  by  Mrs.  H.  T.  Beauregard.  Map.  4  Mis- 
souri Historical  Society  Collections.     St.  Louis,  1912. 

The  Premiere  Partie  of  Trudeau's  Journal  (7  June  1794-26  March  1795)  was  discov- 
ered in  Spain  and  was  published  in  19  American  Historical  Review  299-3??.  A  transla- 
tion of  that,  and  a  reprint  of  Mrs.  Beauregard's  translation  of  the  Seconde  Partie  (with- 
out credit  to  her  however)  was  printed  in  Vol.  VII  South  Dakota  Historical  Collections. 

Wagner,  W.  F.    See  Leonard. 

Dr.  Wagner's  introduction  to  Leonard's  Narrative  is  a  valuable  and  interesting  survey  of 
the  fur  trade  on  the  Missouri. 

Waldo,  William.  Recollections  of  a  Septuagenarian.  MSS.  (Printed, 
in  part,  in  i  Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections.) 

Wheeler,  Olin  D.  The  Trail  of  Lewis  and  Clark,  1 804-1904.  A 
Story  of  the  Great  Exploration  across  the  Continent  in  1804-06; 
with  a  description  of  the  old  trail  based  upon  actual  travel  over 
it,  and  of  the  changes  found  a  century  later.  2  Vols.  8vo.  Il- 
lustrations and  maps.    New  York,  1904. 

White,  Pliny  H.  The  Life  and  Services  of  Matthew  Lyon.  8vo. 
Illus.     Burlington,  1858. 

Wislizenus,  F.  a.,  M.  D.  A  Journey  to  the  Rocky  Mountains  in  the 
year  1839.  Translated  from  the  German  with  a  Sketch  of  the 
Author's  Life,  by  Frederick  A.  Wislizenus,  Esq.  8vo.  Portrait 
and  map.    St.  Louis,  1912. 


INDEX 


Adams,   Calvin,  230  n. 

Adams,  James,  mentioned,  230; 
sketch,  230  n. ;  charged  with 
embezzlement,  235 

American  Fur  Co.,  177  n.,  273 

American  State  Papers,  cited 
52  n.,  83  n. 

Arbuckle,    Col.   Mathew,    107   n. 

Arkopolis,  now  Little  Rock,  100  n. 

Ashley,  William  H.,  265 

Astor,  John  J.,  273 

Atkinson,  Henry,  letter  to,  52  n. 

Audubon,  John  J.,  cited,  30  n. 

Austin,  Daniel  H.,  184  n. 

Austin,  Stephen,   100  n. 

Ayers,  visits  James,  39  ff;  pri- 
vations of,  42;  reaches  Man- 
uel's Fort,  44;  killed,  73;  not 
identified,  73  n. ;  body  found, 

74 
Ayers,  Ebenezer,  73  n. 
Ayers,  George,  73  n. 
Au     Post,     James     reaches,     98; 

mentioned,  98  n.,  100 

Baird,  James,  returns  from  Santa 

Fe,  95 ;  sketch  of,  292  ff. 
Baird,  J.  W.,  293 
Bancroft,     Hubert     H.,     quoted, 

139  n. 
Barbour,    Capt.,    Indian    trader, 

109  ff. ;  died  in  New  Orleans, 

192 
Barbour's  Trading   House,   191 ; 

mentioned,  223,  234 
Bates,   Frederick,    191   n. 
Bates,  James  W.,  191  n. 
Batesville    (Mo.),   191,   191   n. 
Baum,  Peter,  returns  from  Santa 

Fe,  95,  106 
Beard.    See  Baird 
Beaurosier.     See  Dunnegant 
Beauvais,  Therese  St.  G.,  263 


Beaver  Creek,  116  n. 
Becknell,    Capt.    William,    jour- 
nal referred  to,  96  n. ;  adven- 
tures of  party,  175  n;  quoted, 
175  n. 

Beckwourth,    James    P.,    quoted, 
145  n. 

Belcher,  Dr.  William  N.,  184  n. 

Bellefontaine,  72  n.,  256 

Biddle,  Maj.  Thomas,  letter  of, 
52  n.,  83  n. 

Bissell,  Elisa,  264 

Bissell,  Gen.  William  H.,  8 

Bissonette,  Antoine,  286 

Blanc-bec,  meaning  of,  20  n. 

Bonhomme  Settlement,  St.  Louis 
District,  27  n. 

Boundary  between  U.  S.  and 
Mexico,   156 

Boone,  Daniel,  mentioned,  45,  58 

Brackenridge,  H.  M.,  quoted, 
23   n.,   31   n..   Ill   n.,  248 

Bradbury,  John,  quoted,  32  n., 
57  n.,  81  n.,  249  n.,  279 

Bradford,  Maj.  William,  com- 
mandant at  Ft.  Smith,  105  ff. ; 
sketch  of,  105  n. 

Bradley,  journal  quoted,  54  n. 

Brady,  Thomas,  94;  sketch  of, 
95  n. 

Bright,   Samuel,    184  n. 

Brown,   James,   279 

Brown,  William,  hunter,  27,  27 
n. ;  left  ashore,  28 ;  at  Fort, 
46 ;  snow-blind,  48 ;  saves  par- 
ty from  Snake  Indians,  50; 
traps  on  Missouri  River,  66 ; 
canoe  upsets,  69 ;  sent  for  help, 
70 

Brown,  William,  murderer  of 
Chavez,  executed,  157  n. 

Bryan,  James,  one  of  founders  of 
Little  Rock,   100  n. 

305 


306 


Index 


Bryan,  Rebecca,  264 

Bryan,  William,  of  Phila.,  ac- 
companies Colter,  43,  65  and 
note 

Calama,  Indian  pipe,  204 

Cardinal,  Jean  Marie,  200  n. 

Carpentier,  Marie,  mentioned, 
38  n. 

Carson,  Kit,  155  n. ;  home  in 
Taos,   163  n. 

Caruthers,  Hamilton,  98  n. 

Chambers,  William,  returns  from 
Santa  Fe,  95,  292  ff. 

Charbonniere  Road,  St.  Louis 
County,  98  n. 

Chassin,  Charlotte,  mentioned, 
36  n. 

Chavez,  Antoine,  murdered,  157, 
157  n. 

Chavez,  Francisco,  157,  157  n. 

Chavis.     See  Chavez. 

Checoba,  war  horse,  given  to 
James,  227;  bitten  by  rattle- 
snake, 229;  James  charged 
with  stealing,  231 

Cheek,  James,  mentioned,  21  and 
note;  sketch  of,  22;  ordered 
to  leave  boats,  16;  anecdote 
concerning,  36;  whips  Irish- 
man, 22;  whips  Ride,  36  ff . ; 
threatens  Chouteau  and  Lisa, 
46;  depressed,  63;  mentioned, 
65;  fears  of,  (^d  ff . ;  prepares 
camp,  73  ;  death  of,  74 

Chittenden,  Hiram  M.,  cited,  21 
n.,  32  n.,  96  n.,  65  n. 

Chouteau,  Col.  Auguste,  testi- 
mony of,  14  n. 

Chouteau,  Auguste  Aristide, 
mentioned,   39   n. 

Chouteau,  Paul  Liguest,  men- 
tioned, 38  n.,  39  n. ;  subpoe- 
naed as  witness,  93  n. 

Chouteau,  Auguste  P.,  member 
of  St.  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co., 
16;  mentioned,  38  n.,  39  n., 
256,  262;  commands  expedi- 
tion, 97;  rescues  Becknell  par- 
ty,  175  n. ;  meets  James,   177; 


threatens  Indians  for  stealing, 
178;  sketch  of,  258 

Chouteau,  Pelagie,  261 

Chouteau,  Pierre,  member  of  St. 
Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co.,  16; 
commands  expedition,  17;  or- 
ders Cheek  to  leave  boat,  26 ; 
sends  for  Arickaree  Chief,  29; 
sons  of,  38  n. ;  orders  men  to 
fire  on  Americans,  38;  Cheek 
threatens  life  of,  46;  men- 
tioned, 65  n.,  273 ;  trading 
house,  183,  183  n. ;  sketch  of, 
256;  letters  to  William  Eustis, 

273  ff- 

Chouteau,  Pierre,  cadet,  men- 
tioned, 38  n. 

Chouteau,  Victoire,  262 

Ciree,  Marie  Francois,  dit  St. 
Michel,  263 

Clamorgan,  Jacques,  mentioned, 
96 ;  sketch  of,  293 

Clark,  member  of  James'  party 
on  second  trip  to  Southwest, 
197;  an  obstinate  man,  197; 
went  with  John  McKnight  to 
Comanches,  197;  excited  fear 
of  Indians,  198 

Clark,  Daniel,  Jr.,  mentioned, 
38  n.,  294 

Clark,  Frances  E.,  218  n. 

Clark,  John,  260 

Clark,  Meriwether  Lewis,  261 

Clark,  William,  member  of  St. 
Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co.,  16  n. ; 
letters  to,  16  n.,  18  n. ;  sues 
James,  92  n. ;  letter  of,  184  n.; 
mentioned,  250  n. ;  biographi- 
cal sketch  of,  260 

Clermont's  Village,  183  183  n., 
184  n. 

Cochran,  Dennis,  16  n. 

Collins,  John,  16  n.,  272 

Colter,  John,  at  Gros  Ventre  vil- 
lage, 3.5 ;  guide,  49;  mentioned, 
50;  snow-blind,  51;  messenger 
to  Blackfeet,  51  n. ;  wounded 
in  battle,  53 ;  escape  men- 
tioned, 54;  meeting  with  Lisa 
in    1807    referred   to,    57;    dc- 


^ 


Index 


307 


scribed,  58;  attacked  by  Black- 
feet,  59 ;  race  for  life,  60  ff. ; 
second  adventure,  64;  decides 
to  leave  mountains,  65 ;  goes 
with  Bryan  to  St.  Louis,  65 ; 
arrival  in  St.  Louis,  (>(i\ 
James'  debt  to,  93 ;  adminis- 
trator sues  James,  93  n. ;  bio- 
graphical sketch  of,  ^5^8- 

Colter,  Sally,  wife  of  John,  279 

Cooper,  Braxton,  168  n. 

Cooper,  Benjamin,  168,  i68  n. 

Cooper,  Stephen,   168   168  n. 

Cote  Sans  Dessein,  20,  20  n.,  186 

Cox,  Ross,  cited,  78  h. 

Creely,  Julie,  98  n. 

Crittenden,  Robert,  Secretary, 
103  ;  sketch,  103  n. 

Creoles  of  Florissant,  14;  of 
Kaskaskia  and  St.  Louis,  16 

Crooks,  Capt.  Ramsay,  agent  for 
Astor,  24 ;  mentioned,  262 ;  bio- 
graphical sketch  of,   273 

Crooks,  William,  273 

Cross  Timbers,   194,   194  n.,  233 

Cunigam,  encounters  Osage  In- 
dians, 137;  looks  for  stolen 
horses   179 

Cuesta,   131   n. 

Custer  County,  Mont.,  42  n. 

Dabney,  Mildred,  wife  of  Reu- 
ben Lewis,  260 

Dalton,  Mary  Louise,  cited,  38  n. 

Davis,  Jefferson,   107  n. 

Davis,  William  W.  H.,  cited, 
134  n. ;  quoted,  160  n. 

Davis  Family,  249  n. 

de  Mezieres,  Athanase,  quoted, 
114  n. 

Demun,  Jacques,  295 

Demun,  Jules,  commands  expe- 
dition, 97,  258;  biographical 
sketch  of,  294 

Demun  Family,  295 

Denison,  left  in  charge  of  pe- 
roque,  235 


de  Smet,  Pierre,  J.,  S.  J.,  quoted, 
81  n. 

Dennis,  Fitzhugh,  mentioned,  16 

Descamps,  Angelique,  285 

Deserters,  mention  of,  19,  20; 
list  of,  272 

Desnoyer,  Veronique,  dit,  men- 
tioned, 36  n. 

Diamond  Hill,  Ark.,  loi 

Dickson,  Joseph,  278 

Dodge,  Rev.  Nathaniel  B.,  mis- 
sionary,  184  n. 

Doniphan,  Alexander,  W.,  281 

Dougherty,  John,  at  Fort  Man- 
uel, 46 ;  fords  Gallatin  River, 
50;  traps  on  Missouri  River, 
dd ;  quotes  poetry,  69 ;  sent  for 
relief,  70;  members  of  Henry't 
party,  83  n. ;  sketch  of,  279; 
family,  282 

Drouillard,  Geo.,  hunter,  killed, 
80 ;  mentioned,  283 ;  sketch  of, 
285 

Drumm,  Stella  M.,  acknowledg- 
ments to,  ID 

Druyer.     See  Drouillard,  George 

Dunnegant,  dit  Beaurosier,  Fran- 
cois, 14  n. 

Dwight  Mission,  James  refused 
food  at,  241  ff. ;  sketch  of,  241 

Eagle  Chief  Creek,  iii  n.,  112  n. 
Easton,   Mary,   wife  of   Geo.   C. 

Sibley,  181  n. 
Easton,  Rufus,  mentioned,  58  n. 
Eau  Post.     See  Au  Post 
Emmell.     See  Immell 
Emory,  William  H.,  cited,  132  n., 

143  n.,  177  n. 
Eustis,     William,     Secretary     of 

War,    letters   of    Chouteau   to, 

30  n.,  273 
Ewers'  Creek,  115  n. 

Finch,   159 

Finney,  Rev.  Alfred,  missionary, 

241  n. 
Fleehart,  missing,  75,  75  n. 
Flint,  Timothy,  quoted,  182  n. 


308 


Index 


Florissant  (Mo.),  sketch  of,  140.; 

mentioned,  98  n. 
Floyd,  Charles,  249  n. 
Floyd  Family,  249  n. 
Forts — 

Clark,  181  n. 

Fiery-Prairie,  notice  of,  181  n. 
Gibson,  107  n.,  240  n.,  256  ff. 
James,  begins  to  build  on  North 
Canadian,  195  abandons  un- 
completed fort,  197;  on  new 
site,  197  197  n. 
Manuel,     mentioned,     17,     39, 
44  ff.,  39,  44  ff.,  48,  63  ;  erect- 
ed   at   the   three    forks,    53 ; 
described,  53  n.  and  54  n. ; 
party  returns  to,  75 ;  defense 
of  completed,  78 
Osage,  181  n.,  260 
Fort  Smith,  Ark.,  mentioned,  105, 

105  n. 
Fowler,    Jacob,    quoted,    98    n. ; 
cited,    109   n.,    137  n.,    161    n., 
167  n.,  168  n.,  174  n.,  249  n. 
Franchere,   Gabriel,  cited,   78  n. 
Fredericktown    (Mo.),   191  n. 

Gallatin,  Abraham,  brother  of 
Albert,  250  n. 

Gayarre,  Charles,  cited,  36  n. 

Glass,  Hugh,  41,  266 

Glenn,  Hugh,  mentioned,  8,  9 ; 
at  Indian  village,  108  ff. ; 
sketch  of,  108  n. ;  visits  James 
at  Santa  Fe,  147 ;  buys  goods 
from  James,  157;  leaves  Santa 
Fe  with  James,  161;  conver- 
sion, 161;  insincerity,  163; 
fright  of,  167;  leaves  James' 
party,  175;  sells  furs  at  St. 
Louis  and  goes  to  Cincinnati, 
174,  187;  mentioned,  175,  249 
n. 

Glineau,  Nicholas,  crossed  moun- 
tains with  Henry,  83  n. 

Godin,  Therese,  daughter  of 
Michel,  263 

Graham  Family,  184  n. 

Graham,  John,  184  n. 


Graham,  John  A.,  subpoenaed  as 

witness,  93  n. 
Graham,    Col.    Richard,    Indian 

agent,  187,  187  n. 
Gratiot,   Charles,  mentioned,   16, 

262 
Gratiot,  Victoire,  262 
Great  Osage  Mission,  184  n. 
Gregg,  Josiah,  cited,  96  n.,   106 

n.,  130  n.,  175  n.,  194  n.,  197  n. 
Griffin,  Eleanor,  mentioned,  95  n. 

Hancock,   Forest,  278 

Hancock,  Julia,  daughter  Gen. 
George  Hancock,  261 

Harmony  Mission,  184  n. 

Harrison,  Capt.  Thomas,  men- 
tioned, 7 

Harrisonville,  Illinois,  location 
of,  95  95  n. 

Hatre,  Antoine  de,  trader,  176; 
sketch  of,   176  n. 

Hatre  (or  Hetre),  Louis  de, 
176  n. 

Hector,  Frederick,  accompanies 
James,  98 

Hempstead,  Fay,  cited,  100  n. 

Henry,  Major  Andrew,  member 
of  St.  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co., 
16;  tent  of,  37;  prevents  at- 
tack on  Americans,  38;  men- 
tioned, 54  n.,  78  n. ;  prepares 
to  cross  mountains,  83 ;  sketch 
of,  265 ;  letter  to  Valle,  282 

Henry,  George,  265 

Henry  Family,  266 

Hertzog,  Mary,  daughter  of  Jo- 
seph, 281 

Hildredth,  James,  cited,  107  n., 
236  n. 

Horseflies  kill  horses,  233 

Hosten,  Elizabeth,  mother  of 
James,  mentioned,  6 

Hoback,  John,  member  of  Hen- 
ry's party,   83   n. 

Hodge,  Frederick  W.,  cited,  15 
n.,  132  n. 

Hopkins,  Samuel,  181  n. 

Houck,  Louis,  cited,  103  n.,  181 
n.,   184  n.,  256 


Index 


309 


Houston,    Gen.    Samuel,    236   n., 

257 

Howard,  Alexander,  accompa- 
nies James,  98 

Huberdeau,    Euphrosine,   264 

Hudson's  Bay  Co.,  emissaries 
among  Tetons,  26 ;  agents  at 
Gros  Ventres  village,  31 

Hull,  prepares  camp,  73  and 
note;  missing,  74 

Hunt,  Col.  Thomas,  72  n. 

Immell,  Michael  E.,  at  Fort,  72; 

sketch  of,   72   n. ;    ignorant  of 

attack   on   camp,   74;    member 

of  Henry's  party,  83  n. 
Inman,  Col.  Henry,  cited,  96  n. 
Indian  Chiefs — 

Alasarea,  the  Towash,  199, 
201,  207,  213,  225;  gives 
James  his  war  horse,  227 

Big  Star,  118;  protects  James, 
119   ff . ;    gives   up   sword   to 

One-eyed  chief,  120  ff. ;  takes 
no  part  in  council,  122 

Cordaro,  Comanche  chief, 
meets  party,  125  ff. ;  warns 
Americans,  128  ff. ;  visits 
James  at  Santa  Fe,  137;  of- 
fers to  give  horses,  loi ; 
characteristics,  139;  James' 
promises  to,  203,  208 

Friendly  chief,  115;  invites 
James  to  his  village,  117; 
advises  party  to  stay,  119; 
takes  no  part  in  council,  122 

K  i  o  w  a  y  chief  interrogates 
Mexicans,  171 

Lechat,  chief  of  Utes,   145 

One-eyed  chief,  115;  unfriend- 
ly to  traders,  119;  demands 
of,  120  ff. ;  in  Comanche  vil- 
lage, 202;  comes  to  James' 
lodge,  206 ;  adopts  James, 
211;  restores  stolen  horses, 
216;  again  protects  James, 
219;  kindness  to  James,  222 

Pawnee,  tells  of  exploits 
against  Osages,  172 


Indian  Chiefs — 

Rogers,  James,  Cherokee,  kind- 
ness of,  239 ;  sketch  of,  239 
n. ;   mentioned,  244 

Rogers,  John,  Cherokee,  feeds 
James'  party,  236;  sketch  of, 
236  n. 

Shehaka,  Mandan  chief,  men- 
tioned, 15,  16,  17;  received 
by  his  tribe,  30;  biographi- 
cal sketch  of,  248 ;  contract 
to  convey  home,  266 

White  Bear,  leads  attacking 
Indians,  123  ff. 

White  Hair,  Osage  chief,  how 
acquired  name,   182  n. ;  vil- 
lage of,  182  n. 
Indian  Tribes — 

Ampireka,  band  of  Comanches, 
210 

Arikarees,  2,  3 ;  village  of,  28 ; 
council  with,  29 ;  mentioned, 
248 

Arripahoes,    171 

Blackfeet,  31;  battlefield,  52; 
called  "Arabs,"  53;  attack 
Colter  &  Potts,  59;  second 
attack  on  Colter,  64;  attack 
trapping  party  on  Jefferson 
River,  73 ;  prevent  hunting, 
83  ;  at  war  with  Crows,  84; 
mentioned,  88 

Caddoes,  199  n. ;  adventure 
with,  230 

Comanches,  mentioned,  23 ; 
called  Pawnees,  99 ;  rob 
James  party,  114  ff.,  114  n. ; 
demand  presents,  118  ff. ; 
decide  to  kill  party,  123  ff. ; 
wish  to  trade  with  Ameri- 
cans, 137;  tombs  of,  165; 
mentioned,  171 ;  Osage  ex- 
pedition against,  195;  lamen- 
tations of,  203 ;  sometimes 
called  Pawnees,  232,  232  n. ; 
called  Pawnees  by  Ameri- 
cans, 245 

Cherokee  country,  104,  104  n. ; 
hospitality  of,  236  ff. 

Creeks,  237 


310 


Index 


Indian  Tribes — 

Crows,  battlefield,  52 ;  camp  on 
Clark's  River,  84;  singular 
manner  in  crossing  river,  85 

Flat-heads,  battlefield,  53; 
''Spartans"  of  Oregon,  53 

Gros  Ventres  (Minnitaree  and 
Hidasta),  neighbors  of  Man- 
dans,  31,  31  n. ;  village  of, 
dd ;  kill  Snake  woman  and 
son,  46;  on  Twenty-five 
Yard  River,  84;  rob  cache, 
86;  village,  89;  singular 
customs  among,  90;  lan- 
guage of,  91 

Kioway  agency,  114  n. 

Mandans,  village  of,  29,  29  n., 

39 

Mohaws  (Omahas),  hunting 
with  Sioux  chiefs,  24 

Navahoes  at  war  with  Span- 
iards, 91;  skill  of,  106;  at 
war  with  Mexicans,  147; 
send  emissary  to  Governor's 
treatment  of,  149 ;  treacher- 
ously killed  by  Spaniards, 
149;  destroy  settlements,  150 

Osages  at  war,  106;  Osage 
road,  107;  mentioned,  113; 
trade  with  Americans,  137; 
robbed  Santa  Fe  companies, 
175,   175  n.,   i8o,_  223 

Pawnees  at  war  with,  172  ff. ; 
meet  James  party,  176;  re- 
vengeful, 178;  escort  Sibley, 
181  n. ;  camp  deserted,  195; 
mentioned,  218  ff. ;  encamp- 
ed on  Salt  Fork,  224;  treaty 
with,  260;  attack  Quapaws, 
99;  meets  James  party,  170; 
mentioned,  169  n.,  175;  wish 
to  scalp  Mexicans,  172;  de- 
nounce James  at  Comanche 
village,  218 

Peccas,  village,  132;  attend 
Mexican  celebration,   105 

Quapaw,   country  of,    99;    de- 
feat Comanches,  93 
Shawnee  s,    I-uthecaw,    77 ; 
Shawnees    killed,    80;    from 


Indian  Tribes — 

Kaskaskia,    89 ;    Placota    in 
trouble   with   Gros   Ventres, 
89 
Sioux,  25 

Snake,  weakest  of  western  In- 
dians, 47,  84;  visit  party  of 
hunters,  51. 
Tetons,    village,    12 ;    Towash, 

199,  199  n. 
Utahs  (Ute),  145  ff. 
Irishman  whipped  by  Cheek,  22 ; 

Gardner  at  Fort,  32 
Irving,  Washington,  cited,  57  n. 
Iturbide,   to  be  elected   Mexican 

president,  131 
Ivy,    John,    member    of    James* 
party,  98 ;  went  with  John  Mc- 
Knight    to    Comanches,     197; 
returned  with  news,  198;  went 
back    with   Robert   McKnight, 
199;   well  treated  by  Indians, 
202 
James,  Dr.  Edwin,  cited,   130  n. 
James,  John  G.,  accompanies  his 
brother,   98;   sketch  of,   98  n. ; 
goes    to    Osage    village,    108 ; 
prepares  for  fight,   123 
James,  Joseph  Austin,  mentioned, 

6 
James,  Samuel,  referred  to,  98  n. 
James,  Thomas,  biographical  de- 
tails, 6,  7,  14,  94,  188,  189, 
245-7;  enlists  w^ith  Fur  Com- 
pany, 16;  contract  with  com- 
pany, 17,  271 ;  starts  from  St. 
Louis,  18;  captain  of  barge, 
18;  hunting  adventure,  27;  at 
Mandan  village,  30;  trouble 
with  company,  32 ;  purchases 
gun,  etc.,  from  Colter,  35; 
starts  for  headwaters  of  Mis- 
souri, 39;  builds  cabin,  40;  de- 
serted by  companions,  40; 
starts  for  Fort  Manuel,  41 ; 
five  days  without  food,  42; 
reaches  the  fort,  45;  starts  for 
"the  forks,"  47;  snow-blind, 
50;  reaches  the  forks,  53; 
starts     down     the     river,     67; 


Index 


311 


alarm   at   Indians,   71 ;    return 
to  fort,  72 ;  goes  down  the  Yel- 
lowstone,    84;     reaches     Gros 
Ventre's  village,  89;  starts  for 
home  and  arrives  at  St.  Louis, 
91;    sues   company,    92;    starts 
for  New  Mexico,  98;  licensed 
to    trade    with    Indians,    102; 
stops  at  Fort  Smith,   105;  vis- 
its Osage  village,  108;  robbed 
by  Comanches,   115;   robbed  a 
second    time,    118;    threatened 
with    death,    122;    rescued    by 
Mexicans,    127;    reaches   Santa 
Fe,    131;    celebrates    Mexican 
Independence,    140;    starts   for 
home,     161;     separates     from 
Glenn,  175;  meets  Chouteau  at 
Osage  village,  177;  horses  sto- 
len, 183;  visits  Missionary  sta- 
tion,    184;    arrives    at    home, 
188;    undertakes   a  venture  to 
the  Comanches,    190;   journeys 
by  land,   191 ;  begins  to  build 
fort,     195;     abandons    uncom- 
pleted   fort    and    goes    up    the 
river,  197;  stop  and  build  fort, 
197;   visits  Comanche  village, 
201 ;    adopted    as    brother    by 
One-eyed  chief,  211 ;  returns  to 
fort,  215;  horse  Checoba  given 
him,  227  ;  starts  for  home,  228  ; 
loses  horses,  229,  231;  Checoba 
bitten     by     rattlesnoke,     229; 
meets     Caddo     Indians,     230; 
leaves  horses  and  peltry,  245; 
obtains   food   from  John   Rog- 
ers,  236;    from  James  Rogers, 
239;    from    an    old    Cherokee, 
240;  refused  food  by  mission- 
aries, 242;   reaches  home,   244 
James'  Peak,  130 
Jameson,     John,     Indian     agent, 
92,     126,     126     n.;     Cordaro's 
great  friend,   128;   gives  pres- 
ents to  Cordaro,  139 
Johnston,     Gen.    Albert    Sidney, 

mentioned,  7 
Jones,  Amasa,  184  n. 


Jones,  John  Rice,  mentioned,  95 
n. 

Kane,  Elias  K.,  senator  of  Illi- 
nois,  131 

Kaskaskia,  Indians  from,  63 

Kendall,  George  W.,  quoted,  43 ; 
describes  sufferings  from  star- 
vation, 54  ff.,  194  n. 

Kiersereau,  Pelagie,  257,  258 

Kirker,  Anne  Jane,  daughter  of 
David,  98  n. 

Kirker,  David,  accompanies 
James,  98 ;  sketch,  98  n. ;  gives 
up  gun,   124 

Kirker,  Jam.es,  98  n.,  155  n. 

Koch,  Peter,  quoted,  54  n. 

Labadie,  Sophie,  259 
Labadie,    Sylvestre,    member    of 
St.    Louis    Missouri    Fur    Co., 
16;  prevents  injury  to  Ameri- 
cans,     38;      mentioned,     260; 
sketch  of,  261;  mentioned,  273 
L'Abbadieu.     See  Labadie. 
Lalande,  Baptiste,  264 
Lansdell,   James,   98   n. 
Laperche,   dit,  St.  John,   81   n. 
Larrison,   Daniel,  subpoenaed   as 

witness,  93  n. 
Lasource,     Catherine     Thaumur, 

dit,  264 
Latrobe,   Charles  J.,  quoted,   176 

n.,  184  n.,  259 
Laut,  Agnes  C,  cited,  163  n. 
Lee,  Patrick,  218  n. 
Leroy.     See  Roy 

Lewis,  Meriwether,  governor,  15; 
said    to   have   interest   in   Fur 
Co.,  16;  mentioned,  52  n.,  260 
Lewis,  Reuben,  member  St.  Louis 
Missouri     Fur     Co.,     16;     on 
James'  barge,  18;  gives  alarm, 
21 ;  orders  Cheek  to  leave  gun, 
26;    advises    James,    92;    bio- 
graphical sketch  of,  260 
Lewis  and  Clark,  return  of,  14; 
meet  Valle,   38  n.;  mentioned, 
49,  49  n.;  Flat  Heads  kind  to, 
53;   a  hunter  of,   80;  Journal 


312 


Index 


cited,  117  n. ;  mentioned,  24.8 
ff. ;  permission  granted  Colter, 
279;   hunter  of,  285 

Lisa,  Manuel,  member  St.  Louis 
Missouri  Fur  Co.,  16;  letters 
to  Clark,  16  n.,  18  n. ;  sketch 
of,  17;  part  in  expedition,  18; 
altercation  with  Americans, 
21;  offers  James  traps,  35;  life 
threatened,  46 ;  returns  to  St. 
Louis,  47 ;  described,  47 ; 
Blackfeet  friendly  to,  52  n. ; 
stockade,  54  n. ;  boat  left  by, 
86;  blamed  by  James,  92; 
mentioned,  183  n. ;  biographi- 
cal sketch  of,  257;  mentioned, 
264,  278,  285,  293 

Little  Rock,  made  capital  of  Ark- 
ansas, 100,  100  n. 

Loisel,  Regis,  294 

Long,  Stephen,  105  n.,  107  n. 

Louisiana  Gazette,  cited,  i8  n., 
96  n.,  286 

Luthecaw,  a  Shawnee,  attacked 
by  bear,  77 

Lyon,  Matthew,  73 ;  met  by 
James  at  Little  Rock,  102; 
trading  house  at  the  Spadre, 
238;  grave  of,  240;  obituary 
notice  of,  295 

McClellan,  Robert,  262,  272 

McClintock,  Walter,  cited,  52  n. 

McDaniel,  James,  goes  with 
James,  35;  mentioned,  39; 
start  back  to  Fort,  40;  killed, 
41 

McDaniel,  John,  murderer  of 
Chavez,  executed,   157  n. 

McDonald,  John,  quoted,  29  n. 

Mackay,  John  Z.,  married  wid- 
ow Kirker,  98  n. 

McKnight,  John,  mentioned,  9; 
sketch  of,  94;  goes  to  join 
brother,  97;  entertained  by 
Maj.  Bradford,  106 ;  trades 
with  Osages,  109 ;  drinks  blood 
of  buffalo,  116;  impatient  to 
fire,     123 ;    goes    to    Durango, 


136;  leaves  Santa  Fe,  160; 
loses  horses,  177;  goes  to  Gov- 
ernment factory,  183;  to  mis- 
sionary station,  184;  tries  to 
secure  employment  for  James, 
190;  starts  on  second  expedi- 
tion, 191;  searches  for  Co- 
manches,  196;  fails  to  return, 
199;  called  "White-haired 
man,"  219;  mentioned,  204, 
222,  227 

McKnight,  Robert,  goes  to  Santa 
Fe,  95 ;  imprisoned  and  goods 
confiscated  at  Chihuahua,  96; 
at  Durango,  136;  case  of,  154; 
returned  to  Mexico,  155  n. ; 
trouble  with  Finch,  159;  leaves 
Santa  Fe,  160;  joins  his 
brother  on  another  expedition, 
191;  at  Comanche  village, 
199 ;  characteristics  of,  201 ; 
meets  Indians,  230;  at  mis- 
sionary station,  242 

McKnight,  Timothy,  mentioned, 
95  n. 

McKnight  and  Brady,  partners 
of  James  in  Illinois,  94 

McLanahan,  J.  letter  of,  289 

Malgaris,  Don  Facundo,  govern- 
or, 141  ff.,  141  n. ;  orders  out 
militia,  150,  152;  declines  to 
pay    James,    158 

Manuel's  Fort,  at  junction  of  Big 
Horn  and  Yellowstone,  17,  39, 
44  ff.,  48,  63 ;  erected  at  the 
three  forks,  53;  described,  53  n. 
and  54  n. ;  party  returns  to, 
75;   defense  of,  completed,   78 

Maesaw,  Francois,  accompanies 
James,  98,  98  n. ;  warns  James, 
119,  125 

Marcheteau,  dit  Desnoyer,  Ve- 
ronique,   mentioned,   36  n. 

Marcy,  Col.  R.  B.,  cited,   105  n. 

Marie,  Canadian,  wounded  by 
bear,  81  ff. ;  not  identified, 
8i  n. 

Marmaduke,  Col.  Meredith,  jour- 
nal cited,  96  n. 


Index 


313 


Mason,  William,  murderer  of 
Chavez,  became  State's  evi- 
dence, 157  n. 

Masson,   L.  R.,  cited,   30  n. 

Matthews,  Dr.  Washington, 
quoted,  91  n. 

Maumel  Mountain,  mentioned, 
104,  104  n. 

Mawhatonga,  meaning  of,  176 

Maximilian,  Prince  of  Wied, 
cited,  30  n.,  91  n. 

Menard,  Pierre,  of  St.  Louis 
Missouri  Fur  Co.,  16;  part 
in  expedition,  18;  with 
letter  from  and  interview, 
21  n. ;  prevents  attack  on 
Americans,  38;  in  command 
of  Fort  Manuel,  46 ;  esteemed 
by  men,  47 ;  mention  of,  65  n. ; 
sends  for  assistance,  70;  de- 
cides not  to  pursue  Indians, 
75;  goes  to  Clark's  River,  83; 
suspects  Gros  Ventres,  84;  in 
one  of  the  boats,  86 ;  pacifies 
Gros  Ventres,  90;  returns  to 
St.  Louis,  91 ;  biographical 
sketch  of,  263  ;  mentioned,  265  ; 
interview  with,  283 

Mexican  Indians,  characteriza- 
tion of,  144 

Mexican  Revolution,  mentioned, 
97;  first  news  of,  131;  inde- 
pendence celebrated,  139  flF., 
139  n. 

Michau,  Sally,  wife  of  Calvin 
Adams,  230  n. 

Michel,  Agnes,  mentioned,  36  n. 

Miller,  Gov.  James,  out  of  ter- 
ritory, 103 

Miller,  William,  accompanies 
James,  35,  35  n.,  39;  starts 
back  to  Fort,  40;  killed,  41 

Millikin,  Hannah,  78  n. 

Mines,  Washington  Co.,  Mo., 
190,  190  n. 

Missionary  Herald,  241  n. 

Missions:  Dwight,  241  n. ;  Great 
Osage,  184  n. ;  Harmony,  184 
n. ;  Union,  241  n. 


Missiouri  Historical  Review, 
cited,  96  n. 

Missouri  Historical  Society  Col- 
lections, cited,  15  n.,  38  n., 
96  n.,  175  n.,  248,  257,  261 

Missouri  Intelligencer,  cited,  184 
n. 

Molhausen,  Baldwin,  cited,  131  n. 

Montana  Historical  Society  con- 
tributions, 49  n.,  54  n.,  81  n. 

Montgomery,  Rev.  Wm.  B.,  mis- 
sionary', 184  n. 

Morgan,  Clem.  See  Clamorgan, 
Jacques 

Morris,  Gouverneur,  mentioned, 
38  n. 

Morrison,  John,  264 

Morrison,  William,  member  St. 
Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co.,  16; 
sketch   of,   263    ff. 

Morrison,  Samuel,  erroneously 
stated  to  be  member  of  Fur 
Company,    16;    sketch   of,   265 

Morrison  Family,  265 

Mullanphy,  Catherine,  wife  of 
Richard    Graham,    187   n. 

Neihardt,  John  G,  quoted,  42  n. 
Newton,  Samuel,   184  n. 
Niles,  Nathaniel,  sketch  of,  8 
North  Dakota  Historical  Society, 

collections  cited,  249 
Nuttall,    Thomas,    cited,    99    n., 

104  n.,   108  n. 

O'Fallon,  Benjamin,  mentioned, 
218;  sketch  of,  218  n. 

O'Fallon,  Dr.  James,  218  n. 

O'Fallon's  Bluffs,  218  n. 

O'Hara,  William,  one  of  found- 
ers of  Little  Rock,   100  n. 

Ortiso,  Don  Francisco,  engaged 
as  guide,   153,  158 

Ortiso,  Thomas,  Spaniard,  131; 
tells  of  Mexican  Revolution, 
131;  takes  James  to  Governor, 
136;   mentioned,    148,    152 

Oul  (Oulle),  Francois,  mention- 
ed, 73  n.     (See  Hull.) 


314 


Index 


Onis,  Don  Luis  de,  Spanish  min- 
ister, 70 
Osage  Road,  107  n. 

Palliser,  John,  quoted,  18  n. 

Papin,  Pierre  Mellicourt,   183  n. 

Pecos  (Peccas),  Pueblo,  132  flF., 
132  n. 

Pelche,  with  Chouteau,  176,  176 
n. 

Pelton,  Archibald,  a  Yankee,  78; 
sketch  of,  78  n. ;  adventure 
with  bear,  79;  crossed  moun- 
tains with  Henry,  83  n. 

Pelton,  David,  Revolutionary  sol- 
dier, 78  n. 

Peltier,  Henry,  177  n. 

Pike,  Gen.  Zebulon,  in  Mexico, 
96;  Peak,  106  n.,  130  n. ; 
quoted   141  n. 

Pino,  buys  James'  goods,  156 

Pixley,  Rev.  Benton,  missionary, 
184  n. 

Potter,  Benjamin,  accompanies 
James,  98,  98  n. ;  goes  with 
John  McKnight  to  Comanche 
camp,  197  flF. ;  safe,  202; 
alarmed  at  actions  of  One- 
eyed  chief,  206 

Potts,  John,  Colter's  companion, 
58 ;  member  of  Lewis  and 
Clark's  party,  58  n. ;  killed  by 
Blackfeet,    59 

Pratte,   Emelie,  273 

Price,  Capt.  Daniel,  7 

Pryor,  Capt.  Nathaniel,  escort 
for  Chief  Shehaka,  15,  17; 
mentioned,  29 ;  with  Osage  In- 
dians, 108;  mentioned,  113, 
248,  258 ;  biographical  sketch 
of,  249 

Radford,  Mrs.  Harriet  Kennedy, 
261 

Raines,  C.  W.  cited,  56 

Ramsay,  Margaret,  273 

Raton  Mountains,  107  n. 

Reasoner,  Jacob,  crosses  moun- 
tains with  Henry,  83  n. 

Richards,  partners  of  Pryor,  249 
n. 


Ride,     Francois,     quarrels     with 

Cheek,  36  ff.;  sketch  of,  36  n.; 

whipped  by  Cheek,  38 
Ride,  Laurent,  mentioned,   36  n. 
Ride,   Louis,   mentioned,   36  n. 
Rivers — 

Arkansas,  ascending,  98 ;  veg- 
etation along,  100;  mention- 
ed, 105  n.,  115,  ii6  n.,  168  n., 
175,   191  ff.,  240  n. 

Big  Horn,  17,  40,  66,  81,  86, 
formerly  called   Judith,   261 

Canadian,  north  fork  of  115 
n.  flF.,  130,  191,  196,  208,  228 

Cimmaron,  106,  iii,  115  n. 

Clark's,  83,  83  n. ;  party  reach, 
84 

Columbia,  83,  83  n.,  86 

Del  Norte,  mentioned,  83  n., 
150;   dividing  line,    156 

Gallatin,  50;  confluence  of,  53; 
mentioned,  61,  81  n. 

Grand  (Neosho),  called  "Six 
Bulls,"  107,  107  n.,  181 

Gunpowder,  branch  of  Yellow- 
stone, 41 ;  described,  42  n. 

Illinois,  234,  234  n. 

Jacques,  25,  25   n. 

Jefferson,  confluence  of,  53 ; 
mentioned,  64,  71,  73 ;  trap- 
ping on,  66,  79 

Little  Arkansas,   180,   180  n. 

Little  Missouri,  41 

Little  Red,  in  Arkansas,  244, 
244  n. 

Madison,  confluence  with  Mis- 
souri,  53  ;   mentioned,  76 

Mississippi,   97 

Missouri,  14;  head-waters  of, 
17;  cordelling  on,  18;  scen- 
ery along  Upper  Missouri, 
22;  forks  of,  39,  40,  56,  166; 
country  between  it  and  Co- 
lumbia, 68 ;  mentioned,  87 

Nachatoshauwa,  or  Red  River, 
204 

Neosho,  107  n.,  181,  181  n., 
240  n. 

Osage,  183,  184  n. 


Index 


315 


Rivers — 

Peccas    (Pecos),  town  on,   131 
Platte,  19,  20,  20  n. 
Poteau,  105  n. 
Powder.     See  Gunpowder 
Red  River,  204 

Salt    Fork,    106,    106    n. ;    de- 
scribed, III,  115;  village  on, 
210;  Osages  camp  on  224 
Salt  Branch,  112  n. 
Shields,  or  Twenty-five  Yard, 

81  n. 
Six   Bulls,    107,    107   n. ;    Spa- 

dre,  186 
Twenty-five   Yard    (Shield's), 

81  n.;  Gros  Ventres  on,  84 
Verdigris,   107,   107  n. 
Yellowstone,  mentioned,  17,  42, 
45,  58,  81,  8in.,  83,  83  n.,  84, 
86 
Robinson,  Edward,  crossed  moun- 
tains with  Henry,  83  n. 
Robinson,  Mariah,  wife  of  David 

Kirker,  98  n. 
Rogers,    ferryman    at    mouth    of 
Osage,    186;    horses  left  with, 
188 
Rogers,  Ann,  260 
Rogers,    James, .  Cherokee,    kind- 
ness of,  239;  sketch  of,  239  n. ; 
mentioned,  244 
Rogers,     John,     Cherokee,     feeds 
James'   party,   236;    sketch   of, 
236  n. 
Roy,  Antoine,  162  n. 
Roy,     John     Baptiste     Antoine, 
Glenn's  godfather,  162 

Rucker,  ,  missing,  75,  75  n. 

Russell,    William,    of    St.    Louis, 
owned  site  of  Little  Rock,  loi ; 
sketch  of,  loi  n. 
Rust,  Elam,  mentioned,  10 
Ruxton,  George  F.,  cited,  130  n. 

Sabin,  Edwin  L.  cited,  163  n. 
St.  Charles,  72  n. 
St.  Ferdinand,  Mo.     See  Floris- 
sant 
St.  Francisville,   191,   191  n. 


St.   John,    Canadian,    81,   81    n. ; 

saves  companion,  82 
St.  Louis  Directory,  quoted,  27  n. 
St.  Louis  Enquirer,  cited,  292 
St.  Louis  Missouri  Fur  Co.,  or- 
ganized, 14;  sells  whiskey,  89; 
articles  of  agreement,  250  ff. 
Salt  Plains,  no  ff. 
Salt  Works,  234 
San  Felipe,  village,  143,  143  n. 
San  Miguel,  Spanish  town,   132, 

132  n.,  164 
Santa  Fe,  James'  arrival,  134  flF., 

134  n. ;  entered,  136 
Santa  Fe  trade,  references,  96  n. 
Santa  Fe  traders  robbed,  223 
Saucier,  Brigitte,  wife  of  Pierre 

Chouteau,  257 
Saucier,  Francois,  257 
Scharf,  J.  Thomas,  cited,  98  n. 
Schoolcraft,  H.  R.,  quoted,  23  n. 
Schulz,   J.   W.,   cited,    52  n. 
Scott,   Andrew,   mentioned,    103 ; 

sketch  of,   103  n. 
Scott,  John,  95 
Scott,  Lt.,  Martin,  105 ;  sketch  of, 

105  n. 
Selden,  Sarah,  wife  of  John  Gra- 
ham, 184 
Shearer,     William,     accompanies 

James,  98 ;  mentioned,  98  n. 
Shepard,  Elihu,  quoted,  258 
Shields,  John,  mentioned,  8i  n. 
Shining     Mountains      described, 

no  ff.,  no  n. 
Sibley,     George     C,     factor     at 
Fiery-Prairie  Fort,  i8i;  sketch 
of,  181  n. 
Sibley,  John,  181  n. 
Smith,    Jedediah    S.,    one   of   his 
party  killed,  27  n, ;  takes  Hen- 
ry's place  in  company,  266 
Smith,    McLanahan    and   Patter- 
son  party,   referred  to,   96  n. ; 
notices  of,  286  ff. 
Snow-blindness,  described,  48  n., 

49 
Snyder,  Dr.  John  Francis,  quot- 
ed, 7 


316 


Index 


Spadra,  Arkansas  town,  238, 
238  n. 

Spaniard,  one-eyed  interpreter, 
129 

Spaniards  rescue  James'  party, 
124;  go  to  Spanish  camp,  90; 
meet  Cordaro,  90 

Sprague,  Otis,  184  n. 

Southwestern  Historical  Quarter- 
ly, quoted,  293 

Sullens,  John,  resident  at  Bon- 
homme  settlement,  27  n. 

Tabbaho,  meaning  of,  124,  124  n. 
Taos,    arrival    at,    162,    162    n. ; 

left,   163;   good  pass  to  States 

from,  164 
Thomas,    Doctor,    company    sur- 
geon,  18   18  n. 
Tonish      (Antoine     de     Hatre), 

trader,  176;  sketch,  176  n. 
Thorn,    Solomon,   subpoenaed   as 

witness,  93  n. 
Todd,  Andrew,  294 
Todd,  Isaac,  294 
Thwaites,    Reuben    Gold,    cited, 

261 
Tixier,  Victor,  cited,  106  n.,  182 

n. ;  quoted,  256 
Trudeau,  Jean  Baptiste,  journal 

cited,  15  n. 

Union  Mission,  241  n. 
U.  S.  and  Mexico  boundary  line, 
156 

Vail,  Brother,  mentioned,  238; 
at  Dwight  Mission,  241 

Vaill,  William  F.,  241  n. 

Valle,  Francois,  interferes  In  be- 
half of  Americans,  38;  sketch 
of,  38  n. ;  reports  attack  on 
Jefferson  River  party,  70; 
warns  Cheek  and  others,  73 ; 
letter  to,  281 

Valle,  Don  Francois,  mentioned, 
38  n. 

Valle,  Capt.  Frangois,  C.  S.  A., 
mentioned,   38  n. 


Valle  family,  38  n. 

Valliere,  Don  Joseph  Bernard, 
commandant  of  Arkansas,  99 
n. 

Varnum,  Justus,  mentioned,  195, 
195  n.,  doctored  with  rattle- 
snake oil,  196 

Vasquez,  Felicite,  wife  of  An- 
toine Roy,  162  n. 

Vaugine  (Veaugean),  99;  sketch 
of  Vaugine  family,  99  n. ; 
James  taken  for,   129 

Villars,  Marie,  daughter  of 
Louis  Dubreuil,  265 

Villemont,  Duverge  de,  93  n. 

Waldo,  William,  quoted,  259 

Ware.     See  Weir 

Warren,  Capt.  Peter,  mentioned, 

7 

Washburn,  Rev.  Cephas,  mis- 
sionary, 241  n. 

Waterloo  War  Eagle,  notice  of, 
10 

Webber,  Walter,  240,  240  n. 

Weir,  Allen,  283 

Weir,  William,  at  Gallatin  Riv- 
er, 50;  snow-blind,  51;  traps 
on  Mo.  River,  dd ;  mentioned, 
69;  suggests  flight,  71;  camps, 
73 ;  encounter  with  bear,  76 ; 
crossed  mountains  with  Henry, 
83  n. ;  sketch  of,  283 

White,  Pliny,  cited,  296 

Whon   (Juan),  Indian,  200 

Wickham,  Judge  John,   184  n. 

Wilson,  James,  accompanies 
James,  98 ;  prepares  to  defend 
himself,    123 

Wilt,   Catherine,  281 

Wilkinson,  Benjamin,  biographi- 
cal sketch  of,  256 

Wilkinson,  James,  256 

Wilkinson,  Joseph,  256 

Wilkinson,  Walter,  256 

Woahl,  Francois,  mentioned,  73  n. 
(See   Hull.) 

Worth,  Gorham  A.,  quoted, 
109  n. 


Publications  and  Books  of  Missouri  Historical  Society  For  Sale 

COLLECTIONS: 

Vol         I      No      1.     The    Campaign    of    Missouri    and    Battle    of    Wilson's 

Creek,  Col.  William  M.  Wherry,  1880   * 

Vol.        I.     No.     2.     Recollections  of  Septuagenarian,  Wm.  Waldo,  1880...        * 
Vol.        I.     No.     3.     Archaeological    Explorations    in    Cole    County,    Mo. — 
Dr.  N.  DeWyl ;  Prehistoric  Remains  in  Missouri — 

Prof.  G.  C.  Broadhead,  1880 * 

Vol.        I.     No.     4.     Amended  Charter  and  By-Laws,  1880   $0.25 

VoL        I.     No.     5.     Samuel  Gaty  of  St.  Louis— Darby  &  Todd,  1881 1.00 

Vol.        I.     No.     6.     Archaeology  of  Missouri — Hilder  1.00 

Vol.        L     No.     7.     President's  Annual  Address — Leighton,  1883 1.00 

Vol.  1.  No.  8.  Historical  Societies  in  their  Relation  to  Local  Histor- 
ical Interest — C.  F.  Robertson,  1883   * 

Vol.        L     No.     9.     American   Revolution    and   Acquisition   of   Mississippi 

Valley— C.  F.  Robertson,  1884 1.00 

Vol.        I.     No.  10.     Attempts    to    Separate    the    West   from    the   American 

Union — Robertson    * 

Vol.  I.  No.  11.  President's  Address — Const,  and  By-Laws  and  Mem- 
bers,   1894 1.00 

Vol.  L  No.  12.  Newspapers  and  Newspaper  People,  by  Wm.  Hyde; 
Territorial    Revenue    Sj'stem    of    Missouri  —  Prof. 

Fredk.  C.  Hicks,  1896 1.00 

Vol.  I.  No.  13.  Boundaries  of  Louisiana  Purchase — James  O.  Broad- 
head  1.00 

Vol.  I.  No.  14.  Catholic  Church  of  St.  Louis— The  Beginnings  of  Ec- 
clesiastical Jurisdiction  in  the  Archdiocese — Con- 
way, 1897 1.00 

Vol.        I.     No.  15.     Historical    Loan    Exhibit    Report — Const.,    By-Laws, 

1899    * 

Vol.      II.     No.     1.     Missouri    Historical     Society      Collections,      January, 

1900    * 

Vol.  II.  No.  1.  The  Mound  Building  Age  in  North  America — Peter- 
son,  1902  l.oO 

Vol.      II.     No.     2.     Missouri    Historical    Society   Collections,   April,    1903.  * 

Vol.       II.     No.     3.     Personal  Records  of  Gen.   Grant— Wm..  Taussig,  1903,  1.50 

Vol.       II.     No.     4.     A  History  of  Battery  A— Porter,  1904 1.50 

Vol.       II      No.     5.     The  Montezuma   Mounds — Gerard  Fowke,   1905 50 

Vol.       II.     No.     6.     Missouri  Historical  Collections,  July,  190G 1.50 

Vol.       II.     No.     7.     Missouri  Historical  Society  Collections,  Oct.,  1906....  1.50 
Vol.     III.                          Four  Numbers. 

Vol.     IV.  Three    Numbers.      No.    4    to    be    publislied     in     the 

spring,  1917. 

Vols.  Ill  and  IV,  $1.50  per  number  or  $5.00  for  volume. 

Bulletin  I.     Prehistoric  Objects  Classified  and  Described — Gerard  Fowke —  .23 

BOOKS: 

A  Journey  to  the  Rocky  Mountains  in  the  Year  1839,  by  F.  A.  Wislizenus,  M.  D. 
Translated  from  the  German,  with  a  sketch  of  the  author's  life,  by  Frederick 
A  Wislizenus,  Esq.  St.  Louis.  Missouri  Historical  Society,  1912.  162  pp. 
Frontispiece  portrait  and  map.    8vo.    $2.50  net ;  subject  to  advance. 

Otficial  Report  of  the  Universal  Congress  of  Lawyers  and  Jurists.  Held  at  St. 
Louis,  Missouri,  U.  S.  A.,  September  28,  29  and  30,  1904,  under  the  auspices 
of  the  Universal  Exposition  and  American  Bar  Association.  Edited  by  the 
Secretary  of  the  Congress.  St.  Louis.  Published  by  the  Executive  Commit- 
tee, 1905.     423  pp.    8vo.    16  copies  only.    $2.00  net. 

Universal  Exposition  of  1904,  by  David  R.  Francis.  2  vols.  St.  Louis.  Louisi- 
ana Purchase  Exposition  Company,  1913.  Roy.  8vo.  1133  pp.  with  several 
hundred  illustrations.     250  copies.     $5.00  net. 

*Out  of  print ;  of  some  of  the  others  very  few  copies  remain. 


UMASS/BOSTON  LIBRARIES 


1002269494 


P592  .J32  1  GC 
Three  years  among  the 


FS9P.J32 
COPY    1 

THREE    YEARS    AMONG     INDIANS    ^ 
MEXICANS 


01414017 


