Google 


This  is  a  digital  copy  of  a  book  that  was  preserved  for  generations  on  library  shelves  before  it  was  carefully  scanned  by  Google  as  part  of  a  project 

to  make  the  world's  books  discoverable  online. 

It  has  survived  long  enough  for  the  copyright  to  expire  and  the  book  to  enter  the  public  domain.  A  public  domain  book  is  one  that  was  never  subject 

to  copyright  or  whose  legal  copyright  term  has  expired.  Whether  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  may  vary  country  to  country.  Public  domain  books 

are  our  gateways  to  the  past,  representing  a  wealth  of  history,  culture  and  knowledge  that's  often  difficult  to  discover. 

Marks,  notations  and  other  maiginalia  present  in  the  original  volume  will  appear  in  this  file  -  a  reminder  of  this  book's  long  journey  from  the 

publisher  to  a  library  and  finally  to  you. 

Usage  guidelines 

Google  is  proud  to  partner  with  libraries  to  digitize  public  domain  materials  and  make  them  widely  accessible.  Public  domain  books  belong  to  the 
public  and  we  are  merely  their  custodians.  Nevertheless,  this  work  is  expensive,  so  in  order  to  keep  providing  tliis  resource,  we  liave  taken  steps  to 
prevent  abuse  by  commercial  parties,  including  placing  technical  restrictions  on  automated  querying. 
We  also  ask  that  you: 

+  Make  non-commercial  use  of  the  files  We  designed  Google  Book  Search  for  use  by  individuals,  and  we  request  that  you  use  these  files  for 
personal,  non-commercial  purposes. 

+  Refrain  fivm  automated  querying  Do  not  send  automated  queries  of  any  sort  to  Google's  system:  If  you  are  conducting  research  on  machine 
translation,  optical  character  recognition  or  other  areas  where  access  to  a  large  amount  of  text  is  helpful,  please  contact  us.  We  encourage  the 
use  of  public  domain  materials  for  these  purposes  and  may  be  able  to  help. 

+  Maintain  attributionTht  GoogXt  "watermark"  you  see  on  each  file  is  essential  for  in  forming  people  about  this  project  and  helping  them  find 
additional  materials  through  Google  Book  Search.  Please  do  not  remove  it. 

+  Keep  it  legal  Whatever  your  use,  remember  that  you  are  responsible  for  ensuring  that  what  you  are  doing  is  legal.  Do  not  assume  that  just 
because  we  believe  a  book  is  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  the  United  States,  that  the  work  is  also  in  the  public  domain  for  users  in  other 
countries.  Whether  a  book  is  still  in  copyright  varies  from  country  to  country,  and  we  can't  offer  guidance  on  whether  any  specific  use  of 
any  specific  book  is  allowed.  Please  do  not  assume  that  a  book's  appearance  in  Google  Book  Search  means  it  can  be  used  in  any  manner 
anywhere  in  the  world.  Copyright  infringement  liabili^  can  be  quite  severe. 

About  Google  Book  Search 

Google's  mission  is  to  organize  the  world's  information  and  to  make  it  universally  accessible  and  useful.   Google  Book  Search  helps  readers 
discover  the  world's  books  while  helping  authors  and  publishers  reach  new  audiences.  You  can  search  through  the  full  text  of  this  book  on  the  web 

at|http: //books  .google  .com/I 


v 


► 


The  Arthur  and  Elizabeth 

SCHLESINGER  LIBRARY 
on  the  History  of  Women 
in  America 

RADCLIFFE  INSTITUTE 


,1 


MANNERS 
&  SOCIAL 
USAGES 


By     Mrs.    JOHN 
SHERWOOD 

ILLUSTRATED 


REVISED     EDI- 
TION     OF       1900 


HARPER    &    BROTHERS 
NEW    YORK    AND    LONDON 


Copyright,  1884,  1887,  1897,  by  Harpbr  &  Brothers. 


All  rights  reserved. 


*•  Manners  are  the  shadows  of  great  virtues" 

—Whateley 

**  Solid  Fashion  is  funded  politeness" 

— Emerson 


CONTENTS. 


CHAPTSa  PAGB 

I.  Women  as  Leadebs ] 

II.  Optional  Civilities 17 

III.  Good  and  Bad  Society 24 

IV.  On  Introducing  People 32 

V.  Visiting 46 

VI.  Invitations,  Acceptances,  and  Regrets    .    .    54 
VII.  Cards  op  Compliment,  Courtesy,  Condolence, 

AND  Congratulation 62 

VIII.  The  Etiquette  of  Weddings 70 

IX.  ** Who  Pays  FOR  the  Cards?" 82 

X.  Weddings  after  Easter 90 

XI.  Summer  Weddings 98 

XII.  Autumn  Weddings 105 

XIII.  Before  the  Wedding  and  After 112 

XIV.  Gold,  Silver,  and  Tin  Weddings  .    .    .    .    .121 
XV.  The  Etiquette  of  Balls 129 

XVI.  Letters  and  Letter- Writing 135 

XVII.  Costly  thy  Habit 143 

XVIII.  Dressing  for  Driving 150 


VI  CONTENTS. 

CHAPTBB  PAOB 

XIX.  The  Etiquette  op  Golf 157 

XX.  Etiquette  op  Mourning 167 

XXI.  Mourning  and  Funeral  Usages    .    .    .    .179 
XXII.  Letters  op  Condolence 186 

XXIII.  Chaperons  and  Their  Duties 193 

XXIV.  Etiquette  por  Elderly  Girls 203 

XXV.  Matinees  and  Soirees 209 

XXVI.  Apternoon  Tea 217 

XXVII.  Caudle  and  Christening  Cups  and  Cere- 

MONIES 226 

XXVIII.  The  Modern  Dinner-Table 232 

XXIX.  Laying  the  Dinner-Table 240 

XXX.  Favors  and  Bonbonni&res 248 

XXXI.  Dinner-Table  Novelties  in  1900  ....  250 
XXXII.  Summer  Dinners 263 

XXXIII.  Luncheons,  Informal  and  Social     .    .    .  271 

XXXIV.  Supper  Parties 278 

XXXV.  Simple  Dinners 285 

XXXVI.  The  Small  Talk  op  Society 291 

XXXVII.  Garden  Parties 299 

XXXVin.  Silver   Weddings   and    other   Wedding 

Anniversaries 806 

XXXIX.  Spring  and  Summer  Entertainments  .    .  814 
XL.  Floral  Tributes  and  Decorations  .    .    .  323 

*  XLI.  The  Fork  and  the  Spoon. 830 

XLII.  Napkins  and  Table-Cloths 335 

XLIII.  Servants,  their  Dress  and  Duties  ...  342 

XLIV.  The  House  with  One  Servant 351 

XtiY.  The  House  with  Two  Servants    .    .    .    .857 
XL VI.  The  House  with  Many  Servants  .    .    .    .865 


CONTENTS.  Vii 

CHAPTER  PAOI 

XL  VII.  Manners  :  A  Study  for  the  Awkward  and 

THE  Shy 373 

XL VIII.  How  TO  Treat  a  Guest 379 

XLIX.  Lady  and  Gentleman 386 

L.  The  Manners  of  the  Past 395 

LI.  The  Manners  of  the  Optimist 405 

LII.  The  Manners  of  the  Sympathetic  ....  412 

.    LIII.  Certain  Questions  Answered 421 

LIV.  English  Table  Manners  and  Social  Usages.  429 
LV.  American    and    English    Etiquette    Con- 

•TRASTED 437 

LVI.  How  TO  Treat  English  People 445 

LVII.  A  Foreign  Table  d'H6te,  and  Oa^sino  Life 

,    Abroad 452 

LVIII.  House-Parties 460 


ILLUSTRATIONS. 


THB   DINNEB-TABLB Fromtis^c9 

COUin^BT  AND  SEA-BHOBB  YISITINa Facmg  /•      50 

THB  OUT-DOOR    WOMAN "          IfiO 

AH  AFTBRNOON    RBCBFTION  AND   "TBA"  .      .      .  "          222 

FOB  A  SPBCIAL    LUNCHBON "          274 

FOB  A   CHAFING-DISH   SUPPBB "          278 

WATTRBSS,  CHAMBERMAID,  LADY'S  MAID,  PABLOB 

MAID "          842 

WOBKING   AFBON,  COOK,  NUBSB,  LAUNDBB88.     .  *'         848 


PREFACE. 


Thbbb  is  no  coantry  where  there  are  so  mftny 
people  asking  what  is  "  proper  to  do,"  or,  indeed, 
where  there  are  so  many  genuinely  anxious  to  do 
the  proper  thing,  as  in  the  vast  conglomerate  which 
we  call  the  United  States  of  America.  The  new- 
ness of  our  country  is  perpetually  renewed  by  the 
sudden  making  of  fortunes,  and  by  the  absence  of 
a  hereditary,  reigning  set.  There  is  no  aristocracy 
here  which  has  the  right  and  title  to  set  the  fash- 
ions. 

But  a  ^'reigning  set,"  whether  it  depend  upon 
hereditary  right  or  adventitious  weialth,  if  it  be  pos- 
sessed of  a  desire  to  lead  and  a  disposition  to  hospi- 
tality, becomes  for  a  period  the  dictator  of  fashion 
to  a  large  number  of  lookers-on.  The  travelling 
world,  living  far  from  great  centres,  goes  to  New- 
port, Saratoga,  New  York,  Washington,  Philadelphia, 
Boston,  and  gazes  on  what  is  called  the  latest  Amer- 
ican fashion.  This,  though  exploited  by  what  we 
may  call  for  the  sake  of  distinction  the  "  newer  set," 
is  influenced  and  shaped  in  some  degree  by  people 
af  native  refinement  and  taste,  and  that  wide  ex- 


IV  PEEFACE. 

perience  which  is  gained  by  travel  and  association 
with  broad  and  cultivated  minds.  They  counteract 
the  tendency  to  vulgarity,  which  is  the  great  danger 
of  a  newly  launched  society,  so  that  our  social  con- 
dition improves,  rather  than  retrogrades,  with  every 
decade. 

There  may  be  many  social  purists  who  will  dis- 
agree with  us  in  this  statement.  Men  and  women 
educated  in  the  creeds  of  the  Old  World,  with  the 
good  blood  of  a  long  ancestry  of  quiet  ladies  and 
gentlemen,  find  modern  American  society,  particu- 
larly in  New  York  and  at  Newport,  fast,  furious, 
and  vulgar.  There  are,  of  course,  excesses  com 
mitted  everywhere  in  the  name  of  fashion ;  but  we 
cannot  see  that  they  are  peculiar  to  America.  We 
can  only  answer  that  the  creed  of  fashion  is  one  of 
perpetual  change.  There  is  a  Council  of  Trent,  we 
may  say,  every  five  years,  perhaps  even  every  two 
years,  in  our  new  and  changeful  country,  and  we 
learn  that,  follow,  as  we  may  either  the  grand  old 
etiquette  of  England  or  the  more  gay  and  shifting 
social  code  of  France,  we  still  must  make  an  original 
etiquette  of  our  own.  Our  political  system  alone, 
where  the  lowest  may  rise  to  the  highest  preferment, 
upsets  in  a  measure  all  that  the  Old  World  insists 
upon  in  matters  of  precedence  and  formality.  Cer- 
tain immutable  principles  remain  common  to  aU 
elegant  people  who  assume  to  gather  society  about 
them,  and  who  wish  to  enter  its  portals ;  the  absent- 
minded  scholar  from  his  library  should  not  ignore 


!  PBBFACB. 

i 


them,  the  fresh  young  farmer  from  the  conntrj- 
aide  feels  and  recognizes  their  importance.  If  we 
are  to  live  together  in  unity  we  must  make  society 
a  pleasant  thing,  we  must  obey  certain  formal  rules, 
and  these  rules  must  conform  to  the  fashion  of  the 
period. 

And  it  is  in  no  way  derogatory  to  a  new  country 
like  our  own  if  on  some  minor  points  of  etiquette 
we  presume  to  differ  from  the  older  world.  We 
must  fit  our  garments  to  the  climate,  our  manners 
to  our  fortunes  and  to  our  daily  lives.  There  are, 
however,  faults  and  inelegancies  of  which  foreigners 
accuse  us  which  we  may  do  well  to  consider.  One 
of  these  is  the  greater  freedom  allowed  in  the 
manners  of  our  young  women  —  a  freedom  which, 
as  our  New  World  fills  up  with  people  of  foreign 
birth,  cannot  but  lead  to  social  disturbances.  Other 
national  faults,  which  English  writers  and  critics 
kindly  point  out,  are  our  bumptiousness,  our  spread- 
eagleism,  and  our  too  great  familiarity  and  lack  of 
dignity,  etc. 

Instead  of  growing  angry  over  these  criticisms, 
perhaps  we  might  as  well  look  into  the  matter  dis- 
passionately, and  see  if  we  cannot  turn  the  advice  in 
some  degree  to  our  advantage.  We  can,  however, 
d.ecide  for  ourselves  on  certain  points  of  etiquette 
which  we  borrow  from  nobody ;  they  are  a  part  of 
our  great  nation,  of  our  republican  institutions,  and 
of  that  continental  hospitality  which  gives  a  home 
to  the  Buss,  the  German,  the  Frenchman,  the  Irish- 


yi  FBBFACE. 

man,  and  the  ^^  heathen  Chinee/'  A  somewhat  wide 
and  elastic  code,  as  boundless  as  the  prairies,  can 
alone  meet  the  needs  of  these  different  citizens. 
The  old  traditions  of  stately  manners,  so  common 
to  the  Washington  and  Jefferson  days,  have  almost 
died  out  here,  as  similar  manners  have  died  out  all 
over  the  world.  The  war  of  1861  swept  away  what 
little  was  left  of  that  once  important  American  fact 
— ^a  grandfather.  We  began  all  over  again ;  and 
now  there  comes  up  from  this  newer  world  a  flood 
of  questions :  How  shall  we  manage  all  this  ?  How 
shall  we  jise  a  fork '(  When  wear  a  dress-coat  ?  How 
and  when  and  on  whom  shall  we  leave  our  cards? 
How  long  and  for  whom  shall  we  wear  mourning  ? 
What  is  the  etiquette  of  a  wedding?  How  shall 
we  give  a  dinner-party !  The  young  house-keeper 
of  Kansas  writes  as  to  the  manners  she  shall  teach  to 
her  children  ;  the  miner's  wife,  having  become  rich, 
asks  how  she  shall  arrange  her  house,  call  on  her 
neighbors,  write  her  letters  ?  Many  an  anxious  girl 
writes  as  to  the  propriety  of  "  driving  out  with  a 
gentleman,"  etc.  In  fact,  there  is  one  great  univer- 
sal question,  What  is  the  etiquette  of  good  society  ? 
Not  a  few  people  have  tried  to  answer  these 
questions,  and  have  broken  down  in  the  attempt. 
Many  have  made  valuable  manuals,  as  far  as  thej 
went ;  but  writers  on  etiquette  commonly  fail,  foi 
one  or  two  different  reasons.  Many  attempt  ta 
write  who  know  nothing  of  good  society  by  ex- 
perience, and  their  books  are  full  of  ludicrous  errorn 


PBEFACX.  vii 

Otbers  bave  had  the  disadvantage  of  knowing  too 
much,  of  ignoring  the  beginning  of  things,  of  sup- 
posing that  the  person  who  reads  will  take  mach 
for  granted.  For  a  person  who  has  an  intuitive 
knowledge  of  etiquette,  who  has  been  brought  up 
from  his  mother's  knee  in  the  best  society,  has  al- 
ways known  what  to  do,  how  to  dress,  to  whom  to 
bow,  to  write  in  the  simplest  way  about  etiquette 
would  be  impossible;  he  would  never  know  how 
little  the  reader,  to  whose  edification  he  waa  ad- 
dressing himself,  knew  of  the  matter. 

If,  however,  an  anxious  inquirer  should  write  and 
ask  if  ^^  mashed  potato  must  be  eaten  with  a  knife 
or  a  fork,"  or  if  "  napkins  and  finger-bowls  can  be 
used  at  breakfast,"  those  questions  he  can  answer. 

It  is  with  an  effort  to  answer  thousands  of  these 
questions,  written  in  good  faith  to  Ha/tpefi^B  Bazar^ 
that  this  book  is  undertaken.  The  simplicity,  the 
directness,  and  the  evident  desire  ^Ho  improve," 
which  characterize  these  anonymous  letters,  are  all 
much  to  be  commended.  Many  people  have  found 
themselves  suddenly  conquerors  of  material  wealth, 
the  most  successful  colonists  in  the  world,  the  heirs 
of  a  great  inheritance,  the  builders  of  a  new  empire. 
There  is  a  true  refinement  manifested  in  their  ques- 
tions. Not  only  do  men  and  women  like  to  behave 
properly  themselves,  but  all  desire  to  know  what  is 
the  best  school  of  manners,  that  they  may  educate 
their  children  therein.  Such  minds  are  the  best 
conservators  of  law  and  order.     It  is  not  a  commiv 


yiii  PBSFACS. 

nistic  spirit  that  asks,  ^^  How  can  I  do  tbis  thing  in  a 
better  way  f '  it  is  that  wise  and  liberal  conservatism 
which  inclndes  reverence  for  law,  respect  for  age, 
belief  in  religion,  and  a  desire  for  a  refined  society. 
A  book  on  etiquette,  however  patiently  considered 
and  honestly  written,  mnst  have  many  shortcomings, 
and  contain  disputed  testimony.  All  we  can  do  is 
endeavor  to  mention  those  fashions  and  customs 
which  we  believe  to  be  the  best,  remembering  always, 
as  we  have  said,  that  the  great  law  of  change  goes  on 
forever — that  our  stately  grandfathers  had  fashions 
which  we  should  now  consider  gross  and  unbecom- 
ing, while  we  have  customs,  particularly  of  speech, 
which  would  have  shocked  them.  This  law  of 
change  is  not  only  one  which  time  modifies,  but 
with  us  the  South,  the  North,  the  East,  and  the  West 
differ  as  to  certain  points  of  etiquette.  All,  how- 
ever, agree  in  saying  that  there  is  a  good  society  in 
America  whose  mandates  are  supreme.  All  feel 
that  the  well-bred  man  or  woman  is  a  ^^ recognized 
institution."  Everybody  laughed  at  the  mistakes  of 
Daisy  Miller,  and  saw  wherein  she  and  her  mother 
were  wrong.  Independent  American  girls  may  still 
choose  to  travel  without  a  chaperon,  but  they  must 
be  prepared  to  fight  a  well-founded  prejudice  if  they 
do.  There  is  a  recognition  of  the  necessity  of  good 
manners,  and  a  profound  conviction,  let  us  hope, 
that  a  graceful  manner  is  the  outcropping  of  a  welt 
regulated  mind  and  of  a  good  heart. 


A  PREFACE  TO  THE  NEW  EDITION 

OF  1900 


Thebb  is  not  much  that  is  new  to  say  about 
etiquette. 

Etiquette  is  as  old  as  the  hills,  and  probably  the 
BcHorh  of  1800  was  a  more  courtly  and  formal  place 
than  that  of  1900  can  ever  be,  certainly  than  it  is 
to-day.  The  gentleman  then  stood,  with  chapeau 
hras  in  hand,  with  powdered  hair,  before  the  elegant 
dame  in  brocade,  satin,  and  powder ;  she  with  a  deli- 
cate 8(ywpgon  of  rouge,  and  he,  perhaps,  if  he  were  a 
dandy,  had  given  to  his  cheek  a  touch  of  the  hare's- 
foot. 

Manners  of  those  days  were  stately,  formal,  and 
quite  forced  and  unnatural.  The  speech  followed 
the  bow,  and  was  a  studied  performance.  How  little 
did  the  '^  sir  and  madame"  then  look  forward  to  the 
laissez-aUee  free-and-easy  manners  of  the  year  1900, 
when  the  common  salutation  of  "How  are  you?** 
has  followed  the  greetingwhich  General  Washington 
was  in  the  habit  of  giving  to  all  the  members  of  his 
family  every  day  I 


X  PBBFAGB. 

But  if,  as  has  been  well  said,  we 

"Preserve  the  name  of  Washington 
To  make  men  Uush  there  was  but  one" 

we  can  congratulate  oui*selves  that,  in  the  year 
1900,  we  all  live  with  greater  comfort  and  with 
an  every-daj  elegance  to  which  the  Father  of  his 
Country  could  not  aspire  in  material  things. 

Thanks  to  our  Edison,  who  has  put  out  even 
Aladdin's  Lamp,  we  do  not  have  to  go  to  bed  by 
the  feeble  twinkle  of  a  tallow  dip,  nor  do  we  light 
our  fires  by  the  spark  from  a  flint-lock. 

We  enjoy  in  a  million  humble  homes  the  dainty 
breakfast,  the  comfortable  luncheon,  the  stately 
dinner,  for  glass,  china,  and  silver  belongings  of  the 
table  are  cheap  and  tasteful;  the  basket  of  grow- 
ing ferns  is  inexpensive  and  delightful,  and  the 
young  matron  has  a  thousand  domestic  arts  by 
which  she  embellishes  her  home.  Every  day  may 
be  a  feast-day  to  the  tired  toiler — her  husband — ^if 
she  chooses  to  make  it  so,  and  Sarper*8  Bazar  will 
carry  the  latest  fashion  to  the  backwoods,  if  there 
is  any  longer  such  a  place.  Indeed,  Bret  Harte  said, 
twenty  years  ago,  that  the  fashions  travelled  by  tele- 
graph, so  that  if  one  wanted  an  old-time  coat  in 
which  to  play  the  "American  Traveller,"  he  must 
have  it  made — it  even  no  longer  hangs  in  the 
garret,  does  grandfather's  coat. 

Indeed,  we  must  invent  a  new  necromancer  and 
write  a  new  "  Arabian  Nights, V  for  the  old  similes  are 


PREFACE.  Xi 

BO  far  behind  the  reality  that  we  feel  very  "  rococo  " 
when  we  use  them.  How  long  is  it  since  the  steam 
was  all  gathered  np  and  put  back  in  the  casket  ? 

It  has  long  been  the  slave  of  the  "  Big  Four,"  and 
it  rolls  the  perpetual  procession  of  pilgrims  to  Cali- 
fornia seventeen  times  a  day. 

But  if  we  live  in  a  fast  and  a  prosperous  age,  what 
are  oar  temptations  ? 

An  overdose  of  luxury  is  quite  as  repellent  as  too 
little. 

Too  many  flojvers  on  the  dinner-table,  too  many 
courses,  too  much  dress,  and,  above  all,  dress  and 
jewels  in  the  wrong  place,  are  inexcusable ;  we  must 
learn  to  be  moderate. 


(( 


'Tis  but  the  •fool  who  loves  excess.*' 


The  handling  of  untold  gold  requires  a  great  deal 
of  common-sense.  By  which  we  mean  that  most 
uncommon  sense  that  comes  of  a  balance  of  all  the 
faculties,  that  which  General  Washington  had.  We 
must  return  to  one  immortal  figure,  who  stands 
complacently  for  us  to  admire  and  follow  after  at  a 
respectful  distance. 

And  the  first  tribute  which  inexperience  pays  to 
a  great  model  is  to  copy  him.  It  will  not  hurt  the 
average  American  to  mingle  a  little  reserve,  a  great 
deal  of  dignity,  and  considerable  elegance  with  his 
salutation. 

American  men  are  naturally  chivalrous  towards 


XII  PSSFACE. 

women.  The  mother  does  not  require  to  tell  her 
boy  to  take  ofi  his  hat  to  the  lady.  It  has  been 
oSj  from  the  ragged  cap  to  the  serenely  brushed 
beaver,  ever  since  he  was  five  years  old,  and  it  will 
stay  ofi  until  he  is  a  hundred  —  this  fine  creature, 
the  American  man,  always  has  his  hat  off  to  women. 
But  are  the  manners  of  the  American  woman  as 
good?  Is  not  she  rather  a  spoiled  darling,  who 
sometimes  tosses  her  head  ? 

It  is  to  her  that  we  appeal.  As  the  custodian  of 
the  great  American  future,  we  beg  o^  her  to  study  eti- 
quette and  to  teach  good  manners  to  her  children. 
Whenever  she  sees  anywhere  a  fad  of  bad  manners 
— and  fashion  is  full  of  them — let  her  set  herself 
against  it.  It  is  her  business  to  train  that  precious 
little  boy  now  playing  on  the  front  steps  to  become 
that  noblest  thing  on  earth,  an  American  gentleman. 

Above  all  things,  let  her  study  to  become  an 
agreeable  hostess. 

She  wields  the  only  rod  of  empire  to  which  an 
American  will  bow ;  she  is  the  founder  of  our  only 
aristocracy.  Let  her  be  careful  whom  she  invites  to 
her  house ;  but  when  her  guests  are  there,  let  her 
remember  that  she  is  bound  to  treat  them  well.  Let 
her  find  the  good,  true,  honorable,  generous,  and 
well-bred — ^rich  or  poor,  no  matter  in  what  state  of 
society  they  may  be — and  then  invite  together  those 
who  are  congenial. 

She  must  master  etiquette,  and  create  for  herself 
a  cordial  manner. 


PBEFACS.  xiii 


There  are  bom  hostesses  as  there  are  born  poets, 
but  the  former  have  the  advantage  of  the  poets,  for 
they  can  be  made,  and  to  the  very  wealthy  hostess 
we  give  the  advice  of  Horace,  that  Boman  who  knew 
how  to  live : 

"Si  tibi  deficiant  medici,  medici  tibi  fiant, 
Haec  tria  meus  hilaris,  requies,  moderata  diaeta.*' 

As  all  the  American  women  now  read  Latin  (for 
the  new  woman  has  arrived  on  this  brilliant  morn- 
ing of  the  nineteenth — or  is  it  the  twentieth  cen- 
tury?), we  do  not  iapologize  for  nsing  the  classic 
language. 

Do  not  overfeed  people,  nor  cumber  yourself  with 
much  serving. 

The  extremes  of  ostentation  and  pretentiousness 
ruin  a  good  dinner.  The  menu  is,  among  the  best- 
bred  people,  now  reduced  to  its  lowest  terms. 

A  chrf^  at  ten  thousand  a  year,  with  the  powers  of 
life  and  death — and  the  key  of  the  wine-cellar,  a  for- 
tress of  which  he  alone  knows  the  weakest  spot — has 
been  a  tyrant  greater  than  Nero  to  many  an  inex- 
perienced millionaire. 

And,  as  in  perfect  dress  and  in  perfect  beauty, 
simplicity  is  the  greatest  charm,  so,  in  entertaining, 
simplicity  is  the  very  consummate  achievement  of 
the  best.  The  little  dinner  is  like  Gray's  "Elegy" 
— ^it  can  only  be  composed  after  great  study  The 
hostess  must  learn  art  to  conceal  art.  Fortunately, 
women  have  a  gift  that  way. 


ZIY  PBKFAGE. 


Fortanate  the  woman  who  has  her  life  only  jast 
begun. 

She  finds  the  world  all  ready  at  her  hand.  1900 
stands  cap  in  hand,  saying,  "  Tour  servant,  madam !" 

He  does  not  even  say  to  her  as  he  does  to  the 
Madeira,  "What  is  thine  age?"  but  he  brings  her 
strawberries  and  peaches  in  January,  and  sweet  peas 
in  February.  But  he  will  tell  her  if  he  is  frank, 
this  adoring  lover,  "  that  all  things  by  their  season 
seasoned  are,"  and  that  she  had  better  wait  for  her 
next  dish  of  strawberries  until  June. 

And  that  one  word  "  servant "  I  Aye,  there's  the 
rub !  The  labor  strikes,  the  unending  conflict — ^that 
is  to  be  the  problem  for  this  otherwise  enviable 
woman.  She  has  got  to  study  and  to  learn  how  to 
combat  and  conquer  this  problem,  greatest  in  any 
century  since  Louis  XVI.  and  Marie  Antoinette 
went  down  under  it.  For  what  was  the  French 
Revolution  but  an  immense  strike  ? 

To  the  young  hostess  we  can  but  utter  the  old 
forn^ula — never  attempt  anything  which  cannot  be 
well  done.  A  cup  of  tea  is  always  possible,  and  it  is 
sometimes  the  very  quintessence  of  hospitality;  and 
good  toast  is  a  delicacy  which  even  France,  with  her 
five  hundred  years  of  gourmcmcUse^  cannot  bring 
about;  but  what  American  woman  but  can  make  it 
with  her  own  fair  hands  ? 

The  hostess  who  knows  how  to  mingle  her  guests 
is  a  power  in  the  state.  Our  great  American  con- 
glomerate repudiates  all  ideas  of  hereditary  distinc- 


PBEFACB.  XV 

tion.  We  most  trnst  to  luck  and  to  the  iDstinct  of 
the  American  woman  as  to  who  shall  take  who  into 
dinner. 

There  is  an  intimate  nerve  of  self-love,  an  ego- 
tism, a  false  idea  of  independence,  which  sometimes 
af&icts  unnecessarily  the  young  American  woman, 
which  causes  her  a  great  deal  of  unnecessary  misery. 

This  nerve  makes  her  susceptible  to  the  fear  that 
she  is  being  snubbed.  This  is  very  unnecessary,  be- 
cause what  if  she  is  ?  The  snubber  is  the  person  to 
be  pitied,  for  it  is  she,  and  she  alone,  who  has  been 
vulgar. 

There  is  a  very  great  need  of  composure  and  of 
repose  in  the  American  manner. 

Yet  how  can  people  be  quiet  who  are  breathing 
BO  much  oxygen  all  the  time  ?  Perhaps  the  reading 
of  ^  few  stupid  books  on  etiquette  may  in  this  way 
be  good  sedatives,  and  may  help-  to  bring  about  that 
repose  and  polished  equilibrium  of  good -breeding 
which  Lord  Chesterfield  recommended  and  which  a 
few  splendid  examples  of  the  true  gentleman  and 
lady  have  practised  in  every  age  of  the  world. 

M.  E.  W.  S. 


MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 


CHAPTER  I. 

WOMEN   AS   LEADERS. 


Nothing  strikes  the  foreigner  so  much  (since  the 
days  of  De  Tocqueville,  the  first  to  mention  it)  as  the 
prominent  position  of  woman  in  the  best  society  of 
America.  She  has  almost  no  position  in  the  political 
world.  She  is  not  a  leader,  an  intrigante  in  politics, 
as  she  is  in  France.  We  have  no  Madame  de  Stael, 
no  Princess  Belgioso,  here  to  make  and  unmake  our 
Presidents ;  but  women  do  all  the  social  work,  which 
in  Europe  is  done  not  only  by  women,  but  by  young 
bachelors  and  old  ones,  statesmen,  princes,  ambassa- 
dors, and  attach^.  Officials  are  connected  with  every 
Court  whose  business  it  is  to  visit,  write  and  answer 
invitations,  leave  cards,  call,  and  perform  all  the 
multifarious  duties  of  the  social  world. 

In  America,  the  lady  of  the  house  does  all  this. 
Her  men  are  all  in  business  or  in  pleasure,  her  sons 
are  at  work  or  off  yachting.  They  cannot  spend  time 
to  make  their  dinner  calls — ''Mamma,  please  leave 
my  cards  "  is  the  legend  written  on  their  banners. 

Thus  to  women,  as  the  conductors  of  social  poli- 


2  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

tics,  is  committed  the  card — ^that  pasteboard  protocol, 
whose  laws  are  well  defined  in  every  land  but  our 
own. 

Now,  in  ten  different  books  on  etiquette  which  we 
have  consulted  we  find  ten  different  opinions  upon  the 
subject  of  first  calls,  as  between  two  women.  We  can- 
not, therefore,  presume  to  decide  where  so  many  doc- 
tors disagree,  but  give  the  commonly  received  opin- 
ions as  expressed  by  fhe  customs  of  New  York  society. 

When  should  a  lady  call  first  upon  a  new  and  a 
desirable  acquaintance?  Not  hastily.  She  should 
have  met  the  new  and  desirable  acquaintance,  should 
have  been  properly  introduced,  should  feel  sure  that 
her  acquaintance  is  desired.  The  oldest  resident,  the 
one  most  prominent  in  fashion,  should  call  first ;  but, 
if  there  is  no  such  distinction,  two  women  need  not 
forever  stand  at  bay  each  waiting  for  the  other  to 
call.  A  very  admirable  and  polite  expedient  has 
been  substituted  for  a  first  call — in  tho  sending  out 
of  cards,  for  several  days  in  the  month,  by  a  lady 
who  wishes  to  begin  her  social  life,  we  will  say,  in 
a  new  city.  These  may  or  may  not  be  accompanied 
by  the  card  of  some  well-known  friend.  If  these 
cards  bring  the  desired  visits  or  the  cards  of  the 
desired  guests,  the  beginner  may  feel  that  she  has 
started  on  her  society  career  with  no  loss  of  self- 
respect.  Those  who  do  not  respond  are  generally 
in  a  minority.  Too  much  haste  in  making  new  ac- 
quaintances, however — "pushing,"  as  it  is  called — 
cannot  be  too  much  deprecated. 

First  calls  should  be  returned  within  a  week.  If  a 
lady  is  invited  to  any  entertainment  by  a  new  ac- 


FIRST  CALLS.  3 

quaintance,  whether  the  invitation  come  through  a 
friend  or  not,  she  should  immediately  leave  cards,  and 
send  either  a  regret  or  an  acceptance.  To  lose  time  in 
this  matter  is  a  great  rudeness.  Whether  she  attend 
the  entertainment  or  not,  she  should  call  after  it  within  a 
week.  Then,  having  done  all  that  is  polite,  and  having 
shown  herself  a  woman  of  good-breeding,  she  can  keep 
up  the  acquaintance  or  not  as  she  pleases.  Sometimes 
there  are  reasons  why  a  lady  does  not  wish  to  keep  up 
the  acquaintance,  but  she  must  not,  for  her  own  sake, 
be  oblivious  to  the  politeness  extended.  Some  very 
rude  people  in  New  York  have  sent  back  invitations, 
or  failed  to  recognize  the  first  attempt  at  civility, 
saying,  "  We  don't  know  the  people."  This  is  not 
the  way  to  discourage  unpleasant  familiarity.  In  New 
York,  Boston,  and  Philadelphia,  and  in  the  large  cities 
of  the  West,  and  generally  in  the  country  towns,  resr 
idents  call  first  upon  new-comers ;  but  in  Washington 
this  custom  is  reversed,  and  the  new-comer  calls  first 
upon  the  resident.  Every  one — ofiicials  of  the  high- 
est down  to  the  lowest  grade — returns  these  cards. 
The  visitor  generally  finds  himself  invited  to  the  re- 
ceptions of  the  President  and  his  Cabinet,  etc.  This 
arrangement  is  so  convenient  that  it  is  a  thousand 
pities  it  does  not  go  into  operation  all  over  the  coun- 
try, particularly  in  those  large  cities  where  the  resi- 
dent cannot  know  if  her  dearest  friend  be  in  town 
unless  informed  in  some  such  way  of  the  fact. 

This  does  not,  as  might  be  supposed,  expose  society 
to  the  intrusion  of  unwelcome  visitors.  Tact,  which 
is  the  only  guide  through  the  mazes  of  society,  will 
enable  a  woman  to  avoid  anything  like  an  unwelcome 


4  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

intimacy  or  a  doubtful  acquaintance,  even  if  such  a 
person  should  "call  first." 

Now  the  question  comes  up,  and  here  doctors  dis- 
agree :  When  may  a  lady  call  by  proxy,  or  when  may 
she  send  her  card,  or  when  must  she  call  in  person  ? 

After  a  dinner-party  a  guest  must  call  in  person  and 
inquire  if  the  hostess  is  at  home.  For  other  enter- 
tainments it  is  allowed,  in  New  York,  that  the  lady 
call  by  proxy,  or  that  she  simply  send  her  card.  In 
sending  to  inquire  for  a  person's  health,  cardfe  may  be 
sent  by  a  sei'vant,  with  a  kindly  message. 

No  first  visit  should,  however,  be  returned  by  card 
only;  this  would  be  considered  a  slight,  unless  fol- 
lowed by  an  invitation.  The  size  of  New  York,  the 
great  distances,  the  busy  life  of  a  woman  of  char- 
ities, large  family,  and  immense  circle  o{  acquaint- 
ances may  render  a  personal  visit  almost  impossible. 
She  may  be  considered  to  have  done  her  duty  if  she 
in  her  turn  asks  her  new  acquaintance  to  call  on  her 
on  a  specified  day,  if  she  is  not  herself  able  to  call. 

Bachelors  should  leave  cards  on  the  master  and 
mistress  of  the  house,  and,  in  America,  upon  the 
young  ladies.  A  gentleman  does  not  turn  down 
the  corners  of  his  card  —  indeed,  that  fashion  has 
become  almost  obsolete,  except,  perhaps,  where  a 
lady  wishes  it  distinctly  understood  that  she  has 
called  in  person.  The  plainer  the  card  the  better. 
A  small,  thin  card  for  a  gentleman,  not  glazed,  with 
his  name  in  small  script  and  his  address  well  engraved 
in  the  corner,  is  in  good  taste.  A  lady's  card  should 
be  larger,  but  not  glazed  or  ornamented  in  any  way. 
It  is  a  rule  with  sticklers  for  good-breeding  that,  after 


FOREIGN   ETIQUBTTB.  6 

any  entertainment  a  gentleman  should  leave  his  card 
in  person,  although,  as  we  have  said,  he  often  commits 
it  to  some  feminine  agency. 

No  gentleman  should  call  on  a  lady  unless  she  asks 
him  to  do  so,  or  unless  he  hriugs  a  letter  of  introduc- 
tion, or  unless  he  is  taken  by  a  lady  who  is  sufficiently 
intimate  to  invite  him  to  call.  A  lady  should  say  to 
a  gentleman,  if  she  wishes  him  to  call,  ^'I  hope  that 
we  shall  see  you,"  or,  "  I  am  at  home  on  Monday,"  or 
something  of  that  sort.  If  he  receives  an  invitation 
to  dinner  or  to  a  ball  from  a  stranger,  he  is  bound  to 
send  an  immediate  answer,  call  the  very  next  day,  leave 
his  card,  and  then  to  call  after  the  entertainment. 

This,  at  least,  is  foreign  etiquette,  and  we  cannot  do 
better  than  import  it.  This  rule  holds  good  for  the 
entertainments  of  bachelors,  who  should  leave  their 
cards  on  each  other  after  an  entertainment,  unless  the 
intimacy  is  so  great  that  no  card-leaving  is  expected. 

When  a  lady  returns  to  town,  after  an  absence  in 
Europe  or  in  the  country,  it  is  strict  etiquette  that  she 
should  leave  cards  on  all  her  acquaintances  and  friends 
if  she  expects  to  entertain  or  to  lead  a  gay,  social  win- 
ter ;  but  as  distances  in  our  great  cities  are  formidable, 
as  all  ladies  do  not  keep  a  carriage,  as  most  ladies 
have  a  great  deal  else  to  do  besides  making  visits,  this 
long  and  troublesome  process  is  sometimes  simplified 
by  giving  a  tea  or  a  series  of  teas,  which  enables  the 
lady,  by  staying  at  home  on  one  evening  of  a  week, 
or  two  or  three  afternoons  of  a  month,  to  send  out 
her  cards  to  that  effect,  and  to  thus  show  her  friends 
that  she  at  least  remembers  them.  As  society  and 
card-leaving  thus  become  rapidly  complicated,  a  lady 


6  MANNBBS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGBS. 

should  have  a  visiting -book,  into  which  her  list  is 
carefully  copied,  with  spaces  for  days  and  future 
engagements. 

A  servant  must  be  taught  to  receive  the  cards  at 
the  door,  remember  messages,  and  recollect  for  whom 
they  are  left,  as  it  is  not  proper  in  calling  upon  Mrs. 
Brown  at  a  private  house  to  write  her  name  on  your 
card.  At  a  crowded  hotel  this  may  be  allowed,  but 
it  is  not  etiquette  in  visiting  at  private  houses.  In 
returning  visits,  observe  the  exact  etiquette  of  the 
person  who  has  left  the  first  card.  A  call  must  not 
be  returned  with  a  card  only,  or  a  card  by  a  call.  K 
a  person  send  you  a  card  by  post,  return  a  card  by 
post ;  if  a  personal  visit  is  made,  return  it  by  a  per- 
sonal visit;  if  your  acquaintance  leave  cards  only, 
without  inquiring  if  you  are  at  home,  return  the 
same  courtesy.  If  she  has  left  the  cards  of  the 
gentlemen  of  her  family,  return  those  of  the  gen- 
tlemen of  your  family. 

A  young  lady's  card  should  almost  always  be  ac- 
companied by  that  of  her  mother  or  her  chaperon. 
It  is  well,  on  her  entrance  into  society,  that  the  name 
of  the  young  lady  be  engraved  on  her  mother's  card. 
After  she  has  been  out  a  year,  she  may  leave  her  own 
card  only.  Here  American  etiquette  begins  to  differ 
from  English  etiquette.  In  London,  on  the  other 
hand,  no  young  lady  leaves  her  card :  if  she  is  moth* 
erless,  her  name  is  engraved  beneath  the  name  of  her 
father,  and  the  card  of  her  chaperon  is  left  with  both 
until  she  becomes  a  maiden  lady  of  somewhat  mature 
if  uncertain  age. 

It  is  rare  now  to  see  the  names  of  both  husband 


VISITING-CARDS.  7 

and  wife  engraved  on  one  card,  as  "Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Brown."  The  lady  has  also  her  own  card,  "  Mrs.  Oo- 
tavias  Brown,''  or  with  the  addition,  "  The  Misses 
Brown."  Her  husband  has  his  separate  card;  each 
of  the  sons  has  his  own  card.  No  titles  are  used  on 
visiting-cards  in  America,  save  military,  navid,  of 
judicial  ones;  and,  indeed,  many  of  our  most  dis- 
tinguished judges  have  had  cards  printed  simply 
with  the  name,  without  prefix  or  affix.  "  Mr.  Web- 
ster," "Mr.  Winthrop,"  "Henry  Clay"  are  well- 
known  instances  of  simplicity.  But  a  woman  must 
always  use  the  prefix  "  Mrs."  or  "  Miss."  A  gentle- 
man may  or  may  not  use  the  prefix  "Mr.,"  as  he 
pleases,  but  women  must  treat  themselves  with  more 
respect.  No  card  is  less  proper  than  one  which  is 
boldly  engraved  "  Gertrude  F.  Brown  ;"  it  should  be 
"Miss  Gertrude  F.  Brown." 

A  married  lady  always  bears  her  husband's  name, 
during  his  life,  on  her  card.  Some  discussion  is  now 
going  on  as  to  whether  she  should  continue  to  call 
herself  "Mrs.  Octavius  Brown"  or  "Mrs.  Mary 
Brown"  after  his  death.  The  burden  of  opinion  is 
in  favor  of  the  latter  —  particularly  as  a  son  may 
bear  his  father's  name,  so  there  will  be  two  Mrs. 
Octavius  Browns.  No  lady  wishes  to  be  known  as 
"  old  Mrs.  Octavius  Brown,"  and  as  we  do  not  use  the 
convenient  title  of  Dowager,  we  may  as  well  tak^ 
the  alternative  of  the  Christian  name.  We  cannot 
say  "Mrs.  Octavius  Brown,  Jr.,  if  the  husband  has 
ceased  to  be  a  junior.  Many  married  ladies  hesitate 
to  discard  the  name  by  which  they  have  always 
been  known.     Perhaps  the  simple  "Mrs.  Brown"  is 


8  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  best,  after  all.  No  lady  should  leave  cards  upon 
an  unmarried  gentleman,  except  in  the  case  of  his 
having  given  entertainments  at  which  ladies  were 
present.  Then  the  lady  of  the  house  should  drive  to 
his  door  with  the  cards  of  herself  and  famUy,  allow- 
ing the  footman  to  leave  them. 

The  young  ladies'  names,  in  such  a  case  as  this, 
should  be  engraven  on  their  mother's  card. 

"We  have  no  leisure  class,"  as  Henry  James  says 
in  his  brilliant  "  International  Episode ;"  but  still 
young  men  should  try  to  make  time  to  call  on  those 
who  entertain  them,  showing  by  some  sort  of  person- 
al attention  their  gratitude  for  the  politeness  shown 
them.  American  young  men  are,  as  a  rule,  very  re- 
miss about  this  matter  of  calling  on  the  hostess  whose 
hospitality  they  accept. 

A  gentleman  should  not  call  on  a  young  lady  with- 
out asking  for  her  mother  or  her  chaperon.  Nor 
should 'he  leave  cards  for  her  alone,  but  always  leave 
one  for  her  mother. 

Ladies  can,  and  often  do,  write  informal  invitations 
on  the  visiting-card.  To  teas,  readings,  and  small 
parties,  may  be  added  the  day  of  reception.  It  is 
convenient  and  proper  to  send  these  cards  by  post. 
Everything  can  be  sent  by  post  now,  except  an  in- 
vitation to  dinner,  and  that  must  always  be  sent  by 
private  hand,  and  an  answer  must  be  immediately 
returned  in  the  same  formal  manner. 

After  balls,  amateur  concerts,  theatrical  parties, 
garden-parties,  or  "  at  homes,"  cards  should  be  left 
by  all  invited  guests  within  a  week  after  the  invi- 
tation, particuKirly  if  the   invited   guest  has  been 


"when  inyitbd  to  a  tea."  9 

obliged  to  decline.  These  cards  may  be  left  without 
inquinng  for  the  hostess,  if  time  presses;  but  it  is 
more  polite  to  inquire  for  the  hostess,  even  if  it  is 
not  her  day.  If  it  is  her  reception  day,  it  would  be 
rude  not  to  inquire,  enter,  and  pay  a  personal  visit. 
After  a  dinner,  one  must  inquire  for  the  hostess  and 
pay  a  personal  visit.  It  is  necessary  to  nlention  this 
fact,  because  so  many  ladies  have  got  into  the  habit 
(having  large  acquaintances)  of  leaving  or  sending 
cards  in  by  a  footman,  without  inquiring  for  the  host- 
ess (who  is  generally  not  at  home),  that  there  has 
grown  up  a  confusion,  which  leads  to  offence  being 
taken  where  none  is  meant. 

It  is  not  considered  necessary  to  leave  cards  after 
a  tea.  A  lady  leaves  her  cards  as  she  enters  the 
hall,  pays  her  visit,  and  the  etiquette  of  a  visiting 
acquaintance  is  thus  established  for  a  year.  She 
should,  however,  give  a  tea  herself,  asking  all  her 
entertainers,  or  she  should  call  herself. 

If  a  lady  has  been  invited  to  a  tea  or  other  enter- 
tainment through  a  friend  without  having  known 
her  hostess,  she  is  bound  to  call  soon ;  but  if  the  in- 
vitation is  not  followed  up  by  a  return  card  or  an- 
other invitation,  she  must  understand  that  the  ac- 
quaintance is  at  an  end.  She  may,  however,  invite 
her  new  friend,  within  a  reasonable  time,  to  some 
entertainment  at  her  own  house,  and  if  that  is  ac*^ 
cepted,  the  acquaintance  goes  on.  It  is  soon  ascer 
tained  by  a  young  woman  who  begins  life  in  a  new 
city  whether  her  new  friends  intend  to  be  friendly 
or  the  reverse.  A  resident  of  a  town  or  village  can 
call,  with  propriety,  on  any  new  -  comer.    The  new 


10  MAmrSBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

comer  must  return  this  call ;  but,  if  she  does  not 
desire  a  further  acquaintance,  this  can  be  the  end  of 
it.  The  time  of  calling  must  in  every  town  be  set- 
tled by  the  habits  of  the  place;  after  two  o'clock  and 
before  six  is,  however,  generally  safe. 

In  England  they  have  a  pleasant  fashion  of  calling 
to  inquire*  for  invalids  or  afflicted  friends,  and  of 
pencilling  the  words  "  kind  inquiries."  It  has  not  ob- 
tained that  popularity  in  America  which  it  deserves, 
and  it  would  be  well  to  introduce  it.  If  a  lady  call  on 
a  person  who  is  a  stranger  to  her,  and  if  she  has  diffi- 
culty in  impressing  her  name  on  the  servant,  she  sends 
up  her  card,  while  she  waits  to  see  if  the  lady  will  re- 
ceive her.  But  she  must  never  on  any  occasion  hand 
her  own  card  to  her  hostess.  If  she  enters  the  parlor 
and  finds  her  hostess  there,  she  must  introduce  her- 
self by  pronouncing  her  own  name  distinctly.  If  she 
is  acquainted  with  the  lady,  she  simply  gives  her  name 
to  the  servant,  and  does  not  send  up  her  card. 

Wedding-cards  have  great  prominence  in  America, 
but  we  ignore  those  elaborate  funeral  -  cards  and 
christening  -  cards,  and  printed  cards  with  announce- 
ments of  engagements,  and  niany  other  cards  fash- 
ionable abroad.  The  cards  to  the  wedding  are  sent 
to  a  few,  it  may  be,  or  to  all,  as  the  family  desire. 
After  the  marriage,  the  cards  of  the  married  pair, 
with  their  address,  are  sent  to  all  whose  acquaintance 
is  desired. 

Husbands  and  wives  rarely  call  together  in  America, 
although  there  is  no  law  against  their  doing  so.  It 
is  unusual,  because,  as  we  have  said,  we  have  no 
^'  leisure  class."     Gentlemen  are  privileged  to  call  on 


"not  at  home."  11 

Sunday,  after  church,  and  on  Sunday  evenings.  A 
mother  and  daughter  should  call  together,  or,  if  the 
mother  is  an  invalid,  the  daughter  can  call,  leaving 
her  mpther's  card. 

"  Not  at  home "  is  a  proper  formula,  if  ladies  are 
not  receiving;  nor  does  it  involve  a  falsehood.  It 
merely  means  that  the  lady  is  not  at  home  to  com- 
pany. The  servant  should  also  add,  "Mrs.  Brown 
receives  on  Tuesdays,"  if  the  lady  has  a  day.  Were 
not  ladies  able  to  deny  themselves  to  callers  there 
would  be  no  time  in  crowded  cities  for  any  sort  of 
work,  or  repose,  or  leisure  for  self -improvement.  For, 
with  the  many  idle  people  who  seek  to  rid  themselves 
of  the  pain  and  penalty  of  their  own  vapid  society 
by  calling  and  making  somebody  else  entertain  them, 
with  the  wandering  book-agents  and  beggai'S,  or  with 
even  the  overflow  of  society,  a  lady  would  find  her 
existence  muddled  away  by  the  poorest  and  most  ab- 
ject of  occupations — ^that  of  receiving  a  number  of  in- 
considerate, and  perhaps  impertinent,  wasters  of  time. 

It  is  well  for  all  house-keepers  to  devote  one  day  in 
the  week  to  the  reception  of  visitors  —  the  morning 
to  tradespeople  and  those  who  may  wish  to  see  her 
on  business,  and  the  afternoon  to  those  who  call  so- 
cially.    It  saves  her  time  and  simplifies  matters. 

Nothing  is  more  vulgar  than  that  a  caller  should 
ask  the  servant  where  his  mistress  is,  when  she  went 
out,  when  she  will  be  in,  how  soon  she  will  be  down, 
etc.  All  that  a  well-bred  servant  should  say  to  such 
questions  is,  "  I  do  not  know«  madam." 

A  mistress  should  inform  her  servant  after  break- 
fast wJiot  he  is  to  say  to  all  comers.     It  is  very  offen- 


12  MANNSBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

sive  to  a  visitor  to  be  let  in,  and  then  be  told  that  she 
cannot  see  the  lady  of  the  hoase.  She  feels  person- 
ally insulted,  and  as  if,  had  she  been  some  other  per- 
son, the  lady  of  the  house  would  perhaps  have  se^n  her. 

If  a  servant,  evidently  ignoratit  and  uncertain  of 
his  mistress  and  her  wishes,  says,  "  I  will  see  if  Mrs. 
Brown  will  see  you,"  and  ushers  you  into  the  par- 
lor, it  is  only  proper  to  go  in  and  wait.  But  it  is 
always  well  to  say,  "If  Mrs.  Brown  is  going  out, 
is  dressing,  or  is  otherwise  engaged,  ask  her  not  to 
trouble  herself  to  come  down."  Mrs.  Brown  will 
be  very  much  obliged  to  you.  In  calling  on  a  friend 
who  is  staying  with  people  with  whom  you  are  not 
acquainted,  always  leave  a  card  for  the  lady  of  the 
house.  The  lack  of  this  attention  is  severely  felt 
by  new  people  who  may  entertain  a  fashionable 
woman  as  their  guest — one  who  receives  many  calls 
from  those  who  do  not  know  her  hostess.  It  is  nev- 
er proper  to  call  on  a  guest  without  asking  for  the 
hostess. 

Again,  if  the  hostess  be  a  very  fashionable  woman, 
and  the  visitor  decidedly  not  so,  it  is  equally  vulgar 
to  make  one's  friend  who  may  be  a  guest  in  the  house 
a  sort  of  entering  wedge  for  an  acquaintance ;  a  card 
should  be  left,  but  unaccompanied  by  any  request  to 
see  the  lady  of  the  house.  This  every  lady  will  at 
once  understand.  A  lady  who  has  a  guest  staying 
with  her  who  receives  many  calls  should  always  try 
to  place  a  parlor  at  her  disposal  where  she  can  see 
her  friends  alone,  unless  she  be  a  very  young  per- 
son,  to  whom  the  chaperon  age  of  the  hostage  is  in- 
dispensable. 


EUBOPBAN  CUSTOMS.  13 

If  the  lady  of  the  house  is  in  the  drawing-room 
when  the  visitor  arrives  to  call  on  her  guest,  she  is, 
of  course,  introduced  and  says  a  few  words ;  and  if 
she  is  not  in  the  room,  the  guest  should  inquire  of  the 
visitor  if  the  lady  of  the  house  will  see  him  or  her, 
thus  giving  her  a  chance  to  accept  or  decline. 

In  calling  on  the  sons  or  the  daughters  of  the  house, 
every  visitor  should  leave  a  card  for  the  father  and 
mother.  If  ladies  are  at  home,  cards  should  be  left 
for  the  gentlemen  of  the  family. 

In  Europe  a  young  man  is  not  allowed  to  ask  for 
the  young  ladies  of  the  house  in  formal  parlance, 
nor  is  he  allowed  to  leave  a  card  on  them — socially 
in  Europe  the  ^^jeuneJUh  "  has  no  existence.  He  calls 
on  the  mother  or  chaperon ;  the  young  lady  may  be 
sent  for,  but  he  must  not  inquire  for  her  first.  Even 
if  she  is  a  young  lady  at  the  head  of  a  house,  he  is 
not  allowed  to  call  upon  her  without  some  prelimina- 
ries; some  amiable  female  friend  must  manage  to 
bring  them  together. 

In  America  the  other  extreme  has  led  to  a  very  vi- 
cious system  of  etiquette,  by  which  young  ladies  are 
recognized  as  altogether  leaders  of  society,  receiving 
the  guests  and  pushing  their  mothers  into  the  back- 
ground. It  would  amaze  a  large  number  of  ambi- 
tious young  ladies  to  be  told  that  it  was  not  proper 
that  young  men  should  call  on  them  and  be  received 
by  them  alone.  But  the  solution  would  seem  to  be 
that  the  mother  or  chaperon  should  advance  to  her 
proper  place  in  this  country,  and  while  taking  care  of 
her  daughter,  appearing  with  her  in  public,  and  re- 
ceiving visits  with  her,  still  permit  that  good-natured 


14  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

and  well-intended  social  intercourse  between  young 
men  and  women  which  is  so  seldom  abused,  and 
which  has  led  to  so  many  happy  marriages.  It  is  one 
of  the  points  yet  debatable  how  much  liberty  should 
be  allowed  young  ladies.  Certainly,  however,  we  do 
not  wish  to  hold  our  young  girls  up  to  the  scorn  and 
ridicule  of  the  novelist  or  the  foreign  critic  by  ig- 
noring what  has  been  a  recognized  tenet  of  good 
manners  since  society  was  formed.  The  fact  that  the 
chaperon  is  a  necessary  institution,  and  that  to  mar- 
ried ladies  and  to  elderly  ladies  should  be  paid  all  due 
respect,  is  a  subject  of  which  we  shall  treat  later.  No 
young  lady  who  is  visiting  in  a  strange  city  or  coun- 
try town  should  ever  receive  the  visits  of  gentlemen 
without  asking  her  hostess  and  her  daughters  to  come 
down  and  be  introduced  to  them ;  nor  should  she  ever 
invite  such  persons  to  call  without  asking  her  hostess 
if  it  would  be  agreeable.  To  receive  an  ordinary  ac- 
quaintance at  any  hour,  even  that  of  the  afternoon 
reception,  without  her  hostess  would  be  very  bad 
manners.  We  fear  the  practice  is  too  common,  how- 
ever. How  much  worse  to  receive  a  lover,  or  a  gen- 
tleman who  may  aspire  to  the  honor  of  becoming  one, 
at  unusual  hours,  without  saying  anything  to  the  lady 
of  the  house !  Too  many  young  American  girls  are 
in  the  habit  of  doing  so :  making  of  their  friend's 
house  a  convenience  by  which  an  acquaintance  with  a 
young  man  may  be  carried  on — a  young  man  too,  per- 
haps, who  has  been  forbidden  her  own  home. 

A  bride  receives  her  callers  after  she  has  settled 
down  in  her  married  home  just  as  any  lady  does. 
There  is  no  particular  etiquette  observed.     She  sends 


PLAIN  GABDS  XHB  BEST.  15 

out  cards  for  two  or  three  reception  days,  and  her 
friends  and  new  acquaintances  call  or  send  cards  on 
these  days.  She  must  not,  however,  call  on  her  friends 
until  they  have  called  upon  her. 

As  many  of  these  callers — friends,  perhaps,  of  the 
bridegroom — are  unknown  to  the  bride,  it  is  well  to 
have  a  servant  announce  the  names;  and  they  should 
also  leave  their  cards  in  the  hall  that  she  may  be  able 
to  know  where  to  return  the  visits. 

What  has  so  far  been  said  will  serve  to  give  a  gen- 
eral idea  of  the  card  and  its  uses,  and  of  the  duties 
which  it  imposes  upon  different  members  of  society. 
Farther  on  in  this  volume  we  will  take  up,  in  much 
more  particular  fashion,  the  matters  only  alluded  to 
in  this  opening  chapter. 

We  may  say  that  cards  have  changed  less  in  the 
history  of  etiquette  and  fashion  than  anything  else. 
They,  the  shifting  pasteboards,  are  in  style  about 
what  they  were  fifty — ^nay,  a  hundred — years  ago. 

The  plain,  unglazed  card  with  fine  engraved  script 
'  cannot  be  improved  upon.  The  passing  fashion  for 
engraved  autographs,  for  old  English,  for  German 
text,  all  these  fashions  have  had  but  a  brief  hour. 
Nothing  is  in  worse  taste  than  for  an  American  to 
put  a  coat-of-arms  on  his  card.  It  only  serves  to 
make  him  ridiculous. 

A  lady  should  send  up  her  card  by  a  servant,  but 
not  deliver  it  to  the  lady  of  the  house;  a  card  is  your- 
self, therefore  if  you  meet  a  lady,  she  does  not  want 
two  of  you.  If  you  wish  to  leave  your  address,  leave 
a  card  on  the  hall  table.  One  does  right  in  leaving  a 
card  on  the  hall  table  at  a  reception,  and  one  need  not 


16  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   US  AGES. 

call  again.  An  invitation  to  one's  house  cancels  all 
indebtedness.  If  a  card  is  left  on  a  lady's  reception, 
she  should  make  the  next  call,  although  many  busy 
society  women  now  never  make  calls,  except  when 
they  receive  invitations  to  afternoon  teas  or  recep- 
tions. 

When  a  gentleman  calls  on  ladies  who  are  at  home, 
if  he  knows  them  well  he  does  not  send  up  a  card; 
the  servant  announces  his  name.  If  he  does  not  know 
them  well,  he  does  send  up  a  card.  One  card  is  suffi- 
cient, but  he  can  inquire  for  them  all.  In  leaving 
cards  it  is  not  necessary  to  leave  seven  or  eight,  but 
it  is  customary  to  leave  two — one  for  the  lady  of  the 
house,  the  other  for  the  rest  of  the  family  or  the 
stranger  who  is  within  their  gates.  If  a  gentleman 
wishes  particularly  to  call  on  any  one  member,  he  says 
so  to  the  servant,  as  "  Take  my  card  up  to  Miss  Jones," 
and  he  adds, "  I  should  like  to  see  all  the  ladies  if  they 
are  at  home."  The  trouble  in  answering  this  ques- 
tion is  that  authorities  differ.  We  give  the  latest 
London  ajud  New  York  fashion,  so  far  as  we  know, 
and  also  what  we  believe  to  be  the  common-sense  view. 
It  seems  almost  unnecessary  to  say  that  young  men 
should  not  push,  nor  ask  one  social  leader  to  present 
them  to  another ;  nor  should  they  ask  for  invitations 
to  balls,  unless  the  lady  is  a  relative.  They  must 
wait  to  be  asked  by  some  friend,  if  they  would  like  to 
be  invited. 


CHAPTER  n. 

OPTIONAL   CIVILITIES. 

Thbbe  are  many  optional  civilities  in  life  which 
add  very  much  to  its  charm  if  observed,  but  which 
cannot  be  called  indispensable.  To  those  which  are 
harmless  and  graceful  we  shall  give  a  cursory  glance, 
and  to  those  which  are  doubtful  and  perhaps  harmful 
we  shall  also  briefly  allude,  leaving  it  to  the  common- 
sense  of  the  reader  as  to  whether  he  will  hereafter 
observe  in  his  own  manners  these  so-called  optional 
civilities. 

In  France,  when  a  gentleman  takes  off  his  hat  in  a 
windy  street  or  in  an  exposed  passage-way,  and  holds 
it  in  his  hand  while  talking  to  a  lady,  she  always  says, 
"  Couvrez  vou8^^  (I  beg  of  you  not  to  stand  uncovered). 
A  kind-hearted  woman  says  this  to  a  boatman,  a  coach- 
man, a  man  of  low  degree,  who  always  takes  off  his 
hat  when  a  lady  speaks  to  him.  Now  in  our  country, 
unfortunately,  the  cabmen  have  such  bad  manners 
that  a  lady  seldom  has  the  opportunity  of  this  optional 
civility,  for,  unlike  a  similar  class  in  Europe,  those  who 
serve  you  for  your  money  in  America  often  throw  in 
a  good  deal  of  incivility  with  the  service,  and  no  book 
of  etiquette  is  more  needed  than  one  which  should 
teach  shop-girls  and  shop-men  the  beauty  and  advan- 
tages of  a  respectful  manner.     If  men  who  drive  car* 


18  ICANNBBS  AKD   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

riages  and  street  cabs  would  learn  the  most  advan- 
tageous way  of  making  money,  they  would  learn  to 
touch  their  hats  to  a  lady  when  she  speaks  to  the^  or 
gives  an  order.  It  is  always  done  in  the  Old  World, 
and  this  respectful  air  adds  infinitely  to  the  pleasures 
of  foreign  travel. 

In  all  foreign  hotels  the  landlords  enforce  such  re- 
spect on  the  part  of  the  waiters  to  the  guests  of  the 
hotel  that  if  two  complaints  are  made  of  incivility,  the 
man  or  woman  complained  of  is  immediately  dismissed. 
In  a  livery-stable,  if  the  hired  coachman  is  complained 
of  for  an  uncivil  answer,  or  even  a  silence  which  is 
construed  as  incivility,  he  is  immediately  discharged. 
On  the  lake  of  Como,  if  a  lady  steps  down  to  a  wharf 
to  hire  a  boat,  every  boatman  takes  off  his  cap  until 
she  has  finished  speaking,  and  remains  uncovered  untU 
she  asks  him  to  put  on  his  hat. 

Now  optional  civilities,  such  as  saying  to  one's  in- 
ferior, "Do  not  stand  without  your  hat,"  to  one's 
equal,  "  Do  not  rise,  I  beg  of  you,"  "  Do  not  come  out 
in  the  rain  to  put  me  in  my  carriage,"  naturally  occur 
to  the  kind-hearted,  but  they  may  be  cultivated.  It 
used  to  be  enumerated  among  the  uses  of  foreign 
travel  that  a  man  went  away  a  bear  and  came  home 
a  gentleman.  It  is  not  natural  to  the  Anglo-Saxon 
race  to  be  overpolite.  They  have  no  petite  soins,  A 
husband  in  France  moves  out  an  easy-chair  for  his 
wife,  and  sets  a  footstool  for  every  lady.  He  hands 
her  the  morning  paper,  he  brings  a  shawl  if  there  is 
danger  of  a  draught,*  he  kisses  her  hand  when  he  comes 
in,  and  he  tries  to  make  himself  agreeable  to  her  in 
the  matter  of  these  little  optional  civilities.    It  has  the 


A  BIT  OF   SASCASM.  19 

tnost  charming  effect  upon  all  domestic  life,  and  we 
find  a  carious  allusion  to  the  politeness  observed  by 
French  sons  towards  their  mothers  and  fathers  in  one 
of  Moli^re's  comedies,  where  a  prodigal  son  observes 
to  his  father,  who  comes  to  denounce  him,  "  Pray,  sir, 
take  a  chair,"  says  Prodigal ;  "  you  could  scold  me  so 
much  more  at  your  ease  if  you  were  seated." 

If  this  was  a  piece  of  optional  civility  which  had  in 
it  a  bit  of  sarcasm,  we  can  readily  see  that  civility 
lends  great  strength  to  satire,  and  take  a  hint  from  it 
in  our  treatment  of  rude  people.  A  lady  once  entering 
a  crowded  shop,  where  the  women  behind  the  counter 
were  singularly  inattentive -and  rude  even  for  America, 
remarked  to  one  young  woman  who  was  lounging  on 
the  counter,  and  who  did  not  show  any  particular  de- 
sire to  serve  her, 

"  My  dear,  you  make  me  a  convert  to  the  Saturday- 
afternoon  early-closing  rule,  and  to  the  plaa  for  pro- 
viding seats  for  saleswomen,  for  I  see  that  fatigue  has 
impaired  your  usefulness  to  your  employer." 

The  lounger  started  to  her  feet  with  flashing  eyes. 
"  I  am  as  strong  as  you  are,"  said  she,  very  indignantly. 
•  "  Then  save  yourself  a  report  at  the  desk  by  show^ 
ing  me  some  lace,"  said  the  lady,  in  a  soft  voice,  with 
a  smile. 

She  was  served  after  this  with  alacrity.  In  America 
we  are  all  workers;  we  have  no  privileged  class;  we 
are  earning  money  in  various  servitudes,  called  vari- 
ously law,  medicine,  divinity,  literature,  art,  mercantile 
business,  or  as  clerks,  servants,  seamstresses,  and  nurses, 
and  we  owe  it  to  our  work  to  do  it  not  only  honestly 
but  pleasantly. 


20  MANNSBS  AND   SOCIAL   ITSAGBg. 

It  is  absolutely  necessary  to  success  in  the  last-men- 
tioned profession  that  a  woman  have  a  pleasant  man- 
ner, and  it  is  a  part  of  the  instruction  of  the  training- 
school  of  nurses,  that  of  civility.  It  is  not  every  one 
who  has  a  fascinating  manner.  What  a  great  gift  of 
fortune  it  is!  But  it  is  in  every  one's  power  to  try 
and  cultivate  a  civil  manner. 

In  the  matter  of  "  keeping  a  hotel " — a  slang  exprep 
sion  which  has  become  a  proverb— how  well  the  women 
in  Europe  understand  their  business,  and  how  poorly 
the  women  in  America  understand  theirs!  In  England 
and  all  over  the  Continent  the  newly  arrived  stranger 
is  received  by  a  woman  neatly  dressed,  with  pleasant, 
respectful  manners,  who  is  overflowing  with  optional 
civilities.  She  conducts  the  lady  to  her  room,  asks  if 
she  will  have  the  blinds  drawn  or  open,  if  she  will  have 
hot  water  or  cold,  if  she  would  like  a  cup  of  tea,  etc. ; 
sends  a  neat  chambermaid  to  her  to  take  her  orders, 
gets  her  pen  and  paper  for  her  notes — ^in  fact,  treats 
her  as  a  lady  should  treat  a  guest.  Even  in  very  rural 
districts  the  landlady  comes  out  to  her  own  door  to 
meet  the  istranger,  holds  her  neat  hand  to  assist  her 
to  alight,  and  performs  for  her  all  the  service  she  can 
while  she  is  under  her  roof. 

In  America  a  lady  may  alight  in  what  is  called  a 
tavern,  weary,  travel  -  stained,  and  with  a  headache. 
She  is  shown  into  a  waiting-room  where  sits,  perhaps, 
an  overdressed  female  in  a  rocking-chair  violently 
fanning  herself.  She  learns  that  this  is  the  landlady. 
She  asks  if  she  can  have  a  room,  some  hot  water,  etc. 
The  answer  may  be,  **I  don't  know;  I  don't  have  to 
work;  perhaps  Jim  will  tell  you."    And  it  is  to  the 


CBUBLTY    OP   SOCIETY   LEADEBS.  21 

man  of  the  house  that  the  traveller  must  apply.  It  is 
a  favorable  sign  that  American  men  are  never  ashamed 
to  labor,  although  they  may  not  overflow  with  civility. 
It  is  a  very  unfavorable  sign  for  the  women  of  America 
when  they  are  afraid  or  ashamed  of  work,  an(i  when 
they  hesitate  to  do  that  which  is  nearest  them  with 
civility  and  interest. 

Another  test  of  self-respect,  and  one  which  is  some- 
times lacking  in  those  whom  the  world  calls  fashiona- 
ble, those  who  have  the  possessions  which  the  majority 
of  us  desire,  fine  houses,  fine  clothes,  wealth,  good  posi- 
tion, etc.,  is  the  lack  or  the  presence  of  "  fine  courtesy," 
which  shall  treat  every  one  so  that  he  or  she  is  entirely 
at  ease. 

"  Society  is  the  intercourse  of  persons  on  a  footing 
of  apparent  equality,"  and  if  so,  any  one  in  it  who  treats 
other  people  so  as  to  make  them  uncomfortable  is  mani- 
festly unfit  for  society.  Now  an  optional  courtesy 
should  be  the  unfailing  custom  of  such  a  woman,  we 
will  say,  one  who  has  the  power  of  giving  pain  by  a 
slight,  who  can  wound  am<mr  propre  in  the  shy,  can 
make  a  debutante  stammer  and  blush,  can  annoy  a  shy 
youth  by  a  sneer.  How  many  a  girl  has  had  her  so- 
ciety life  ruined  by  the  cruelty  of  a  society  leader! 
how  many  a  young  man  has  had  his  blood  frozen  by  a 
contemptuous  smile  at  his  awkwardness!  How  much 
of  the  native  good-will  of  an  impulsive  person  has  been 
frozen  into  a  caustic  and  sardonic  temper  by  the  lack 
of  a  little  optional  civility?  The  servant  who  comes 
for  a  place,  and  seats  herself  while  the  lady  who  speaks 
to  her  is  standing,  is  wanting  in  optional  civility.  She 
sins  from  ignorance,  and  should  be  kindly  told  of  her 


22  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

offence,  and  taught  better  manners.  The  rich  woman 
who  treats  a  guest  impolitely,  the  landlady  who  sits  in 
her  rocking-chair  while  the  traveller  waits  for  those 
comforts  which  her  house  of  call  invites,  all  are  guilty 
of  the  same  offence.  It  hurts  the  landlady  and  the 
servant  more  nearly  than  it  does  the  rich  woman,  be- 
cause it  renders  their  self-imposed  task  of  getting  a 
living  the  more  difficult,  but  it  is  equally  reprehensible 
in  all  three. 

Good  manners  are  said  to  be  the  result  of  a  kind 
heart  and  careful  home  training;  bad  manners,  the  re- 
sult of  a  coarse  nature  and  unwise  training.  We  are 
prone  to  beli*eve  that  bad  manners  in  Americans  are 
almost  purely  from  want  of  thought.  There  is  no 
more  generous,  kindly,  or  better  people  in  the  world 
than  the  standard  American,  but  he  is  often  an  un- 
trained creature.  The  thousands  of  emigrants  who 
land  on  our  shores,  with  privileges  which  they  never 
thought  to  have  thrust  upon  them,  how  can  they  im- 
mediately learn  good  manners?  In  the  Old  World 
tradition  of  power  is  still  so  fresh  that  they  have  to 
learn  respect  for  their  employers  there.  Here  there 
are  no  such  traditions. 

The  first  duty,  then,  it  would  seem,  both  for  those 
to  whom  fortune  has  been  kind  and  for  those  who  are 
still  courting  her  favors,  would  be  to  study  optional 
civility;  not  only  the  decencies  of  life,  but  a  little 
more.  Not  only  be  virtuous,  but  have  the  shadows  of 
virtue.  Be  polite,  be  engaging;  give  a  cordial  bow,  a 
gracious  smile;  make  sunshine  in  a  shady  place.  Be- 
gin at  home  with  your  optional  civility.  Not  only 
avoid  those  serious  breaches  of  manners  which  should 


FAMILIARITY — BAD   STYLE.  23 

cause  a  man  to  kick  another  man  down-stairs,  but  go 
further  than  good  manners — have  better  manners.  Let 
men  raise  their  hats  to  women,  give  up  seats  in  cars, 
kiss  the  hand  of  an  elderly  lady  if  she  confers  the 
honor  of  her  acquaintance  upon  them,  protect  the  weak, 
assist  the  fallen,  and  cultivate  civility;  in  every  class 
of  life  this  would  oil  the  wheels;  and  especially  let 
American  women  seek  to  mend  their  manners. 

Optional  civility  does  not  in  any  way  include  famil- 
iarity. We  doubt  whether  it  is  not  the  best  of  all  ar- 
mor against  it.  Familiarity  is  "  bad  style."  It  is  not 
civility  which  causes  one  lady  to  say  to  another, "  Your 
bonnet  is  very  unbecoming;  let  me  beg  of  you  to  go 
to  another  milliner."  That  is  familiarity,  which,  how- 
ever much  it  may  be  supposed  to  be  excess  of  friend- 
ship, is  generally  either  caused  by  spite  or  by  a  defi- 
ciency of  respect.  The  latter  is  never  pardonable.  It 
is  in  doubtful  taste  to  warn  people  of  their  faults,  to 
comment  upon  their  lack  of  taste,  to  carry  them  disa- 
greeable tidings,  under  the  name  of  friendship.  On 
the  Continent,  where  diffidence  is  unknown,  where  a 
man,  whoever  he  may  be,  has  a  right  to  speak  to  his 
fellow-man  (if  he  does  it  civilly),  where  a  woman  finds 
other  women  much  more  polite  to  her  than  women  are 
to  each  other  in  this  country,  there  is  no  familiarity. 
It  is  almost  an  insult  to  touch  the  person;  for  instance, 
no  one  places  his  hand  on  the  arm  or  shoulder  of  an- 
other person  unless  there  is  the  closest  intimacy;  but  * 
everywhere  there  is  an  optional  civility  freely  given 
between  poor  and  poor,  rich  and  poor,  rich  and  rich, 
superiors  and  inferiors,  between  equals.  It  would  be 
pleasant  to  follow  this  out  in  detail,  the  results  are  so 
agreeable  and  so  honorable. 


CHAPTER  III. 

GOOD   AND   BAD   SOCIETY. 

Many  of  our  correspondents  ask  us  to  define  what 
is  meant  by  the  terms  "  good  society  "  and  "  bad  so- 
ciety." They  say  that  they  read  in  the  newspapers 
of  the  "  good  society  "  in  New  York  and  Washington 
and  Newport,  and  that  it  is  a  record  of  drunkenness, 
flirtation,  bad  manners  and  gossip,  backbiting,  di- 
vorce, and  slander.  They  read  that  the  fashionable 
people  at  popular  resorts  commit  all  sorts  of  vulgari- 
ties, such  as  talking  aloud  at  the  opera,  and  disturb- 
ing their  neighbors ;  that  young  men  go  to  a  dinner, 
get  drunk,  and  breaks  glasses;  and  one  ingenuous 
young  girl  remarks,  "We  do  not  call  that  good  so- 
ciety in  Chicago.'' 

Such  a  letter  might  have  been  written  to  that 
careful  chronicler  of  "  good  society  "  in  the  days  of 
Charles  II.,  old  Pepys  of  courtly  fame.  The  young 
maiden  of  Hertfordshire,  far  from  the  Court,  might 
well  have  thought  of  Rochester  and  such  "gay 
sparks,"  and  the  ladies  who  threw  glasses  of  wine  at 
them,  as  not  altogether  well-bred,  nor  entitled  to  ad- 
mission into  "  good  society."    We  cannot  blame  her. 

It  is  the  old  story.  Where,  too,  as  in  our  land, 
pleasure  and  luxury  rule  a  certain  set  who  enjoy  no. 
tradition  of  good  manners,  the  contradiction  in  terms 


ABBOGANCB    OF   FASHION.  25 

is  the  more  apparent.  Even  the  external  forms  of  re- 
spect to  good  manners  are  wanting.  No  such  overt 
vulgarity,  for  instance,  as  talking  aloud  at  the  opera 
will  ever  be  endured  in  London,  because  a  powerful 
class  of  really  well-born  and  well-bred  people  will  hiss 
it  down,  and  insist  on  the  quiet  which  music,  of  all 
other  things,  demands.  That  is  what  we  mean  by  a 
tradition  of  good  manners. 

In  humbler  society,  we  may  say  as  in  the  household 
of  a  Scotch  peasant,  such  as  was  the  father  of  Carlyle, 
the  breaches  of  manners  which  are  often  seen  in  fash- 
ionable society  would  never  occur.  They  would  ap- 
pear perfectly  impossible  to  a  person  who  had  a  really 
good  heart  and  a  gentle  nature.  The  manners  of  a 
young  man  of  fashion  who  keeps  his  hat  on  when 
speaking  to  a  lady,  who  would  smoke  in  her  face,  and 
would  appear  indifferent  to  her  comfort  at  a  supper- 
table,  who  would  be  contradictory  and  neglectful — 
such  manners  would  have  been  impossible  to  Thomas 
or  John  Carlyle,  reared  as  they  were  in  the  humblest 
poverty.  It  was  the  "London  swell"  who  dared  to 
be  rude  in  their  day  as  now. 

But  this  impertinence  and  arrogance  of  fashion 
should  not  prevent  the  son  of  a  Scotch  peasant  from 
acquiring,  or  attempting  to  acquire,  the  conventional 
habits  and  manners  of  a  gentleman.  If  he  have  al- 
ready the  grace  of  high  culture,  he  should  seek  to 
add  to  it  the  knowledge  of  social  laws,  which  will 
render  him  an  agreeable  person  to  be  met  in  society. 
He  must  learn  how  to  write  a  graceful  note,  and  to 
answer  his  invitations  promptly;  he  must  learn  the 
etiquette  of  dress  and  of  leaving  cards ;  he  must  learn 


26  MANNERS   AN/)   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

now  to  eat  bis  dinner  gracefully,  and,  even  if  he  sees 
in  good  society  men  of  external  polish  guilty  of  a 
rudeness  which  would  have  shocked  the  man  who  in 
the  Scotch  Highlands  fed  and  milked  the  cows,  he 
still  must  not  forget  that  society  demands  something 
W^hich  was  not  found  in  the  farm-yard.  Carlyle,  him- 
self the  greatest  radical  and  democrat  in  the  world, 
found  that  life  at  Craigenputtock  would  not  do  all 
for  him,  that  he  must  go  to  London  and  Edinburgh 
to  rub  off  his  solitary  neglect  of  manners,  and  strive 
to  be  like  other  people. 

The  Queen  of  England  has  always  been  polite  to 
men  of  letters,  and  to  the  clergy,  whether  they  were 
polished  in  manner  or  not.  On  the  contrary,  some 
of  her  greatest  favorites  have  been,  as  Carlyle 
was,  the  sons  of  peasants.  She  has  not  hesitated  to 
rebuke  and  fail  to  receive  some  high-bred  but  im- 
moral dukes ;  and  a  duke  in  England  is  a  very 
great  personage  :  next  to  Royalty  he  is  the  highest. 
In  this  respect,  for  a  good  intention,  the  world  has 
reason  to  thank  the  Queen ;  yet  such  is  the  reverence 
felt  for  rank  and  hereditary  name  in  England  that  a 
duke,  however  bad,  continues  in  the  circles  of  fashion, 
still  courted  for  his  title,  even  if  the  highest  lady  in 
the  land  has  rebuked  him ;  and  this  may  be  said  of  a 
bad  duchess. 

She  has  refused  to  receive  the  friends  of  the  Prince 
of  Wales,  particularly  some  of  his  American  favorites, 
this  good  Queen,  because  she  esteems  good  manners 
and  a  virtuous  life  as  a  part  of  good  society,  however 
somewhat  contradictory. 

Now,  those  who  are  not  "  in  society  "  are  apt  to  mis- 


UTOPIA    OF   SOCIETY.  27 

take  all  that  is  excessive,  all  that  is  dissolute,  all  that  is 
snobbish,  all  that  is  aggressive,  as  being  a  part  of  that 
society.  In  this  they  are  wrong.  No  one  estimates 
the  grandeur  of  the  ocean  by  the  rubbish  thrown  up 
on  the  shore.  Fashionable  society,  good  society,  the 
best  society,  is  composed  of  the  very  best  p€}ople,  the 
most  polished  and  accomplished,  religious,  moral,  and 
charitable. 

The  higher  the  civilization,  therefore,  the  better 
the  society,  it  being  always  borne  in  mind  that  there 
will  be  found,  here  and  there,  the  objectionable  out- 
growths of  a  false  luxury  and  of  an  insincere  culture. 
No  doubt,  among  the  circles  of  the  highest  nobility, 
while  the  king  and  queen  may  be  people  of  simple 
and  unpretending  manners,  there  may  be  some  arro- 
gant and  self-sufficient  master  of  ceremonies,  some 
Malvolio  whose  pomposity  is  in  strange  contrast  to 
the  good  -  breeding  of  Olivia.  It  is  the  lesser  star 
which  twinkles  most.  The  "  School  for  Scandal "  is 
a  lasting  picture  of  the  folly  and  frivolity  of  a  cer- 
tain phase  of  London  society  in  the  past,  and  it  re- 
peats itself  in  every  decade.  There  is  always  a 
Mrs.  Candour,  a  Sir  Benjamin  Backbite,  and  a  scan- 
dalous college  at  Newport,  in  New  York,  Milwau- 
kee, Philadelphia,  Boston,  Baltimore,  Chicago,  Sar- 
atoga, Long  Branch,  wherever  society  .congregates. 
It  is  the  necessary  imperfection,  the  seamy  side. 
Such  is  the  reverse  of  the  pattern.  Unfortunate- 
ly, the  right  side  is  not  so  easily  described.  The 
colors  of  a  beautiful  bit  of  brocade  are,  when  seen 
as  a  whole,  so  judiciously  blended  that  they  can 
hardly  be  pronounced  upon  individually:  one  only 


28  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

admires  the  toiU  ensembky  and  that  uncritically,  per- 
haps. 

That  society  is  bad  whose  members,  however  tena- 
cious they  be  of  forms  of  etiquette  and  elaborate  cer- 
emonials, have  one  code  of  manners  for  those  whom 
they  deem  their  equals,  and  another  for  those  whom 
they  esteem  to  be  of  less  importance  to  them  by  rea- 
son of  age,  pecuniary  condition,  or  relative  social  in- 
fluence. Bad  manners  are  apt  to  prove  the  concom- 
itant of  a  mind  and  disposition  that  are  none  too 
good,  and  the  fashionable  woman  who  slights  and 
wounds  people  because  they  cannot  minister  to  her 
ambition,  challenges  a  merciless  criticism  of  her  own 
moral  shortcomings.  A  young  girl  who  is  imperti- 
nent or  careless  in  her  demeanor  to  her  mother  or 
her  mother's  friends ;  who  goes  about  without  a  chap- 
eron and  talks  slang ;  who  is  careless  in  her  bearing 
towards  young  men,  permitting  them  to  treat  her  as 
if  she  were  one  of  themselves;  who  accepts  the  at- 
tention of  a  young  man  of  bad  character  or  dissipated 
habits  because  he  happens  to  be  rich ;  who  is  loud  in 
dress  and  rough  in  manner — such  a  young  girl  is 
"bad  society,"  be  she  the  daughter  of  an  earl  or  a 
butcher.  There  are  many  such  instances  of  audacity 
in  the  so-called  "  good  society  "  of  America,  but  such 
people  do  not  spoil  it ;  they  simply  isolate  them- 
selves. 

A  young  man  is  "bad  society"  who  is  indifferent 
to  those  older  than  himself,  who  neglects  to  acknowl- 
edge invitations,  who  sits  while  a  lady  stands,  who 
goes  to  a  ball  and  does  not  speak  to  his  host,  who 
is  selfish,  who  is  notoriously  immoral  and  careless  of 


"a  pabvenuk."  29 

his  good  name,  and  wlio  throws  discredit  on  his  father 
and  mother  by  showing  his  ill-breeding.  No  matter 
how  rich,  how  externally  agreeable  to  those  whom  he 
may  wish  to  court,  no  matter  how  much  varnish  of 
outward  manner  such  a  man  may  possess,  he  is  '^  bad 
society." 

A  parvenue  who  assumes  to  keep  other  people  out 
of  the  society  which  she  has  just  conquered,  whose 
thoughts  are  wholly  upon  social  success  (which  means, 
with  her,  knowing  somebody  who  has  heretofore 
refused  to  know  her),  who  is  climbing,  and  throw- 
ing backward  looks  of  disdain  Upon  those  who  also 
ciimb — such  a  woman,  unfortunately  too  common  in 
America,  is,  when  she  happens  to  have  achieved  a 
fashionable  position,  one  of  the  worst  instances  of 
bad  society.  She  may  be  very  prominent,  powerful, 
and  influential.  She  may  have  money  and  "enter- 
tain," and  people  desirous  of  being  amused  may  court 
her,  and  her  bad  manners  will  be  accepted  by  the 
careless  observer  as  one  of  the  concomitants  of  fash- 
ion. The  reverse  is  true.  She  is  an  interloper  in  the 
circles  of  good  society,  and  the  old  fable  of  the  ass 
in  the  lion's  skin  fits  her  precisely.  Many  a  duchess 
in  England  is  such  an  interloper;  her  supercilious 
airs  betray  the  falsity  of  her  politeness,  but  she  is 
obliged  by  the  rules  of  the  Court  at  which  she  has 
been  educated  to  "  behave  like  a  lady ;"  she  has  to 
counterfeit  good-breeding ;  she  cannot,  she  dare  not, 
behave  as  a  woman  who  has  suddenly  become  rich 
may  sometimes,  nay  does,  behave  in  American  society, 
and  who  will  still  be  received. 

It  will  thus  be  seen,  as  has  been  happily  expressed, 


30  MANNBKS   AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 

that  ''fashion  has  many  classes,  and  many  rules  of 
probation  and  admission."  A  young  person  ignorant 
of  its  laws  should  not  be  deluded,  however,  by  false 
appearances.  If  a  young  girl  comes  from  the  most 
secluded  circles  to  Saratoga,  and  sees  some  handsome, 
well-dressed,  conspicuous  woman  much  courted,  lion- 
ized, as  it  were,  and  observes  in  her  what  seems  to 
be  insolent  pretence,  unkindness,  frivolity,  and  super- 
ciliousness, let  her  inquire  and  wait  before  she  accepts 
this  bit  of  brass  for  pure  gold.  Emerson  defines 
"  sterling  fashion  as  funded  talent."  Its  objects  may 
be  frivolous  or  objectless;  but,  in  the  long-run,  its 
purposes  are  neither  frivolous  nor  accidental.  It  is 
an  effort  for  good  society;  it  is  the  bringing  together 
of  admirable  men  and  women  in  a  pleasant  way. 
Good  -  breeding,  personal  superiority,  beauty,  genius, 
culture,  are  all  very  good  things.  Every  one  delights 
in  a  person  of  charming  manners.  Some  people  will 
forgive  very  great  derelictions  in  a  person  who  has 
charming  manners,  but  the  truly  good  society  is  the 
society  of  those  who  have  virtue  and  good  manners 
both. 

Some  Englishman  asked  an  American,  "  What  sort 
of  a  country  is  America?"  "It  is  a  country  where 
everybody  can  tread  on  everybody's  toes,"  was  the 
answer,  which  is  not  true. 

It  is  very  bad  society  where  any  one  wishes  to 
tread  on  his  neighbor's  toes,  and  worse  yet  where 
there  is  a  disposition  to  feel  aggrieved,  or  to  show 
that  one  feels  aggrieved.  There  are  certain  people 
new  in  society  who  are  always  having  their  toes  trod- 
den upon.     They  say  :   "  Mrs.  Brown  snubbed  me ; 


IMITATIONS  OP  GOOD  SOCIETY.  31 

Mrs.  Smith  does  not  wish  to  know  me;  Mrs.  Thomp- 
son ought  to  have  invited  me.  I  am  as  good  as  any 
of  them."  This  is  very  bad  society.  No  woman 
with  self-respect  will  ever  say  such  things.  If  one 
meets  with  rudeness,  take  no  revenge,  cast  no  asper- 
sions. Wit  and  tact,  accomplishments  and  social  tal- 
ents, may  have  elevated  some  woman  to  a  higher  pop- 
ularity than  another,  but  no  woman  will  gain  that 
height  by  complaining.  Command  of  temper,  delicacy 
of  feeling,  and  elegance  of  manner^all  these  are  de- 
manded of  the  persons  who  become  leaders  of  soci- 
ety, and  would  remain  so.  They  alone  are  "  good  so- 
ciety." Their  imitators  may  masquerade  for  a  time, 
and  tread  on  toes,  and  fling  scorn  and  insult  about 
them  while  in  a  false  and  insecure  supremacy ;  but 
such  pretenders  to  the  throne  are  soon  unseated. 
There  is  a  dreadful  Sedan  and  Strasburg  awaiting 
them.  They  distrust  their  own  flatterers ;  their  "  ap- 
panage "  is  not  a  solid  one. 

People  who  are  looking  on  at  society  from  a  dis- 
tance must  remember  that  women  of  the  world  are 
not  always  worldly  women.  They  forget  that  brill- 
iancy in  society  may  be  accompanied  by  the  best 
heart  and  the  sternest  principle.  The  best  people  of 
the  world  are  those  who  know  the  world  best.  They 
recognize  the  fact  that  this  world  should  be  known 
and  served  and  treated  with  as  much  respect  and  sin- 
cerity as  that  other  world,  which  is  to  be  our  reward 
for  having  conquered  the  one  in  which  we  live  now. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

ON   INTRODUCING   PEOPLB. 

A  LADY  in  her  own  house  can  in  these  United  States 
do  pretty  much  as  she  pleases,  but  there  is  one  thing 
in  which  our  cultivated  and  exclusive  city  fashiona- 
ble society  seems  agreed,  and  that  is,  that  she  must 
not  introduce  two  ladies  who  reside  in  the  same  town. 
It  is  an  awkward  and  an  embarrassing  restriction,  par- 
ticularly as  the  other  rule,  which  renders  it  easy  enough 
— ^the English  rule — that  the  "roof  is  an  introduction," 
and  that  visitors  can  converse  without  further  notice, 
is  not  understood.  So  awkward,  however,  are  Amer- 
icans about  this,  that  even  in  very  good  houses  one 
lady  has  spoken  to  another,  perhaps  to  a  young  girl, 
and  has  received  no  answer,  "because  she  had  not 
been  introduced;"  but  this  state  of  ignorance  is,  fortu- 
nately, not  very  common.  It  should  be  met  by  the 
surprised  rejoinder  of  the  Hoosier  school-mistress : 
"  Don't  yer  know  enough  to  speak  when  yer  spoken 
to?"  Let  every  woman  remember,  whether  she  is 
from  the  backwoods,  or  from  the  most  fashionable 
city  house,  that  no  such  casual  conversation  can  hurt 
her.  It  does  not  involve  the  further  acquaintance 
of  these  two  persons.  They  may  cease  to  know  each 
other  when  they  go  down  the  front  steps;  and  it  would 
be  kinder  if  they  would  both  relieve  the  lady  of  the 


SNOBBISHNESS.  33 

house  of  their  joint  entertainment  by  joining  in  the 
conversation,  or  even  speaking  to  each  other. 

A  hostess  in  this  land  is  sometimes  young,  embar- 
rassed, and  not  fluent.  The  presence  of  two  ladies  with 
whom  she  is  not  very  well  acquainted  herself,  and 
both  of  whom  she  must  entertain,  presents  a  fearful 
dilemma.  It  is  a  kindness  to  her,  which  should  out- 
weigh the  dangers  of  making  an  acquaintance  in  "  an- 
other set,"  if  those  ladies  converse  a  little  with  each 
other. 

If  one  lady  desires  to  be  introduced  to  another,  the 
hostess  should  ask  if  she  may  do  so,  of  course  unob- 
trusively. Sometimes  this  places  one  lady  in  an  un- 
lucky position  towards  another.  She  does  not  know 
exactly  what  to  do.  Mrs.  So-and-so  may  have  the 
gift  of  exclusiveness,  and  may  desire  that  Mrs.  That- 
and-that  shall  not  have  the  privilege  of  bowing  to 
her.  Gurowski  says,  in  his  very  clever  book  on  Amer- 
ica, that  snobbishness  is  a  peculiarity  of  the  fashion- 
able set  in  America,  because  they  do  not  know  where 
they  stand.  It  is  the  peculiarity  of  vulgar  people 
everywhere,  whether  they  sit  on  thrones  or  keep 
liquor-shops;  snobs  are  born — not  made.  If,  how- 
ever, a  lady  has  this  gift  or  this  drawback  of  exclu- 
siveness, it  is  wrong  to  invade  her  privacy  by  intro* 
ducing  people  to  her. 

Introducing  should  not  be  indiscriminately  done 
either  at  home  or  in  society  by  any  lady,  however 
kind-hearted.  Her  own  position  must  be  maintained, 
and  that  may  demand  a  certain  loyalty  to  her  own  set. 
She  must  be  careful  how  she  lets  loose  on  society  an 
andesirable  or  aggressive  man,  for  instance,  or  a  great 


34  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

bore,  or  a  vulgar,  irritating  woman.  These  will  all 
be  social  obstacles  to  the  young  ladies  of  her  family, 
whom  she  must  first  consider.  She  must  not  add  to 
the  embarrassments  of  a  lady  who  has  already  too 
large  a  visiting  list.  Unsolicited  introductions  are 
bad  for  both  parties.  Some  large-hearted  women 
of  society  are  too  generous  by  half  in  this  way.  A 
lady  should  by  adroit  questions  find  out  how  a  new 
acquaintance  would  be  received,  whether  or  not  it 
is  the  desire  of  both  parties  to  know  each  other; 
for,  if  there  is  the  slightest  doubt  existing  on  this 
point,  she  will  be  blamed  by  both.  It  is  often  the 
good-natured  desire  of  a  sympathetic  person  that  the 
people  whom  she  knows  well  should  know  each  other. 
She  therefore  strives  to  bring  them  together  at  lunch 
or  dinner,  but  perhaps  finds  out  afterwards  that  one 
of  the  ladies  has  particular  objections  to  knowing 
the  other,  and  she  is  not  thanked.  The  disaffected 
lady  shows  her  displeasure  by  being  impolite  to  the 
pushing  lady,  as  she  may  consider  her.  Had  no  in- 
troduction taken  place,  she  argues,  she  might  have 
still  enjoyed  a  reputation  for  politeness.  Wary  wom- 
en of  the  world  are  therefore  very  shy  of  introducing 
two  women  to  each  other. 

This. is  the  awkward  side.  The  more  agreeable 
and,  we  may  say,  humane  side  has  its  thousands  and 
thousands  of  supporters,  who  believe  that  a  friendly 
introduction  hurts  no  one;  but  we  are  now  not  talk- 
ing of  kindness,  but  of^etiquette,  which  is  decidedly 
opposed  to  indiscriminate  introductions. 

Society  is  such  a  complicated  organization,  and  its 
laws  are  so  lamentably  unwritten,  yet  so  deeply  en- 


MODS   OF  UTTBODUCnOir.  35 

graved  on  certain  minds,  that  these  things  become  im« 
portant  to  those  who  are  always  winding  and  miwind- 
ing  the  chains  of  fashion. 

It  is  therefore  well  to  state  it  as  a  receiyt;d  rule 
that  no  gentleman  should  ever  be  introduced  to  a  lady 
unless  her  permission  has  been  asked,  and  she  be  given 
an  opportunity  to  refuse ;  and  that  no  woman  should 
be  introduced  formally  to  another  woman  unless  the 
introducer  has  consulted  the  wishes  of  both  women. 
No  delicate-minded  person  would  ever  intrude  herself 
upon  the  notice  of  a  person  to  whom  she  had  been 
casually  introduced  in  a  friend's  drawing-room ;  but 
all  the  world,  unfortunately,  is  not  made  up  of  del- 
icate-minded persons. 

In  making  an  introdnction,  the  gentleman  is  pre- 
sented to  the  lady  with  some  such  informal  speech  as 
this :  "  Mrs.  A,  allow  me  to  present  Mr.  B ;"  or, 
"  Mrs.  A,  Mr.  B  desires  the  honor  of  knowing  you." 
In  introducing  two  women,  present  the  younger  to  the 
older  woman,  the  question  of  rank  not  holding  good 
in  our  society  where  the  position  of  the  husband,  be 
he  judge,  general,  senator,  or  president  even,  does  not 
give  his  wife  fashionable  position.  She  may  be  of  far 
less  importance  in  the  great  world  of  society  than 
some  Mrs.  Smith,  who,  having  nothing  else,  is  set 
down  as  of  the  highest  rank  in  that  unpublished  but 
well-known  book  of  heraldry  which  is  so  thoroughly 
understood  in  America  as  a  tradition.  It  is  the  proper 
thing  for  a  gentleman  to  ask  a  mutual  friend  or  an 
acquaintance  to  introduce  him  to  a  lady,  and  there 
are  few  occasions  when  this  request  is  refused.  In 
our  crowded  ballrooms,  chaperons  often  ask  young 


36  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

men  if  they  will  be  introduced  to  their  charges.  It 
is  better  before  asking  the  young  men  of  this  pres- 
ent luxurious  age,  if  they  will  not  only  be  introduced, 
but  if  they  propose  to  dance,  with  the  young  lady^ 
else  that  young  person  may  be  mortified  by  a  snubc 
It  is  painful  to  record,  as  we  must,  that  the  age  of 
chivalry  is  past,  and  that  at  a  gay  ball  young  men  ap- 
pear as  supremely  selfish,  and  desire  generally  only 
introductions  to  the  reigning  belle,  or  to  an  heiress, 
not  deigning  to  look  at  the  humble  wall-flower,  who 
is  neither,  but  whose  womanhood  should  command 
respect.  Ballroom  introductions  are  supposed  to 
mean,  on  the  part  of  the  gentleman,  either  an  inten- 
tion to  dance  with  the  young  lady,  to  walk  with  her, 
or  to  talk  to  her  through  one  dance,  or  to  show  her 
some  attention. 

Men  scarcely  ever  ask  to  be  introduced  to  each 
other,  but  if  a  lady,  through  some  desire  of  her  own, 
wishes  to  present  them,  she  should  never  be  met  by 
indifference  on  their  part.  Men  have  a  right  to  be 
exclusive  as  to  their  acquaintances,  of  course  ;  but  at 
a  lady*s  table,  or  in  her  parlor,  they  should  never 
openly  show  distaste  for  each  other's  society  before 
her. 

In  America  it  is  the  fashion  to  shake  hands,  and 
most  women,  if  desirous  of  being  cordial,  extend  their 
hands  even  on  a  first  introduction ;  but  it  is,  perhaps, 
more  elegant  to  make  a  bow  only,  at  a  first  introduc- 
tion. 

In  her  own  house  a  hostess  should  always  extend 
her  hand  to  a  person  brought  to  her  by  a  mutual 
friend,  and  introduced  for  the  first  time. 


ANGLO-SAXON   ETIQUBTTB.  37 

At  a  dinner-party,  a  few  minutes  *bef ore  dinner,  the 
hostess  introduces  to  a  lady  the  gentleman  who  'is  to 
take  her  down  to  the  dining-room,  but  makes  no  fur- 
ther introductions,  except  in  the  case  of  a  distin- 
guished  stranger,  to  whom  all  the  company  are  intro- 
duced. Here  people,  as  we  have  said,  are  shy  of 
speaking,  but  they  should  not  be,  for  the  room  where 
they  meet  is  a  sufficient  guarantee  that  they  can  con- 
verse without  any  loss  of  dignity. 

At  large  gatherings  in  the  country  it  is  proper  for 
the  lady  to  introduce  her  guests  to  each  other,  and  it 
is  perfectly  proper  to  do  this  without  asking  permission 
of  either  party.  A  mother  always  introduces  her  son 
or  daughter,  a  husband  his  wife,  or  a  wife  her  hus- 
band, without  asking  permission. 

A  gentleman,  after  being  introduced  to  a  lady,  must 
wait  for  her  to  bow  first  before  he  ventures  to  claim 
her  as  an  acquaintance. 

This  is  Anglo-Saxon  etiquette.  On  the  Continent, 
however,  the  gentleman  bows  first.  There  the  matter 
of  the  raising  the  hat  is  also  important.  An  Ameri- 
can gentleman  takes  his  hat  quite  off  to  a  lady ;  a 
foreigner  raises  it  but  slightly,  and  bows  with  a  def- 
erential air.  Between  ladies  but  slightly  acquainted, 
and  just  introduced,  a  very  formal  bow  is  all  that  is 
proper ;  acquaintances  and  friends  bow  and  smile ; 
intimate  male  friends  simply  nod,  but  all  gentlemen 
with  ladies  raise  the  hat  and  bow  if  the  lady  recog- 
nizes a  friend. 

Introductions  which  take  place  out-of-doors,  as  on 
the  lawn-tennis  ground,  in  the  huntmg  field,  in  the 
street,  or  in  any  casual  way,  are  not  to  be  taken  as 


38  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

necessarily  formal,'  unless  the  lady  chooses  so  to  con« 
sidef  them.  The  same  may  be  said  of  introdactions 
at  a  watering-place,  where  a  group  of  ladies  walking 
together  may  meet  other  ladies  or  gentlemen,  and  join 
forces  for  a  walk  or  drive.  Introductions  are  needful, 
and  should  be  made  by  the  oldest  lady  of  the  party, 
but  are  not  to  be  considered  as  making  an  acquaint- 
ance necessary  between  the  parties  if  neither  should 
afterwards  wish  it.  It  is  universally  conceded  now 
that  this  sort  of  casual  introduction  does  not  involve 
either  lady  in  the  net-work  of  a  future  acquaintance  ; 
nor  need  » lady  recognize  a  gentleman,  if  she  does  not 
choose  to  do  so,  after  a  watering-place  introduction. 
It  is  always,  however,  more  polite  to  bow  ;  that  civil- 
ity hurts  no  one. 

There  are  in  our  new  country  many  women  who 
consider  themselves  fashionable  leaders — members  of 
an  exclusive  set — and  who  fear  if  they  should  know 
some  other  women  out  of  that  set  that  they  would  im- 
peril their  social  standing.  These  people  have  no  titles 
by  which  they  can  be  known,  so  they  preserve  their 
exclusiveness  by  disagreeable  manners,  as  one  would 
hedge  a  garden  by  a  border  of  prickly-pear.  The 
result  is  that  much  ill-feeling  is  engendered  in  society, 
and  people  whom  these  old  aristocrats  call  the  "  nou- 
veauxricheSy^  "parvenus,"  etc.,  are  always  having  their 
feelings  hurt.  The  fact  remains  that  the  best-bred 
ftnd  most  truly  aristocratic  people  do  not  find  it  nec- 
essary to  hurt  any  one's  feelings.  An  introduction 
never  harms  anybody,  and  a  woman  with  the  slight- 
est tact  can  keep  off  a  vulgar  and  a  pushing  person 
without  being  rude.     It  is  to  be  feared  that  there 


DUTIES   OF  A   HOSTESS.  39 

are  vulgar  natures  among  those  who  aspire  to  be  con- 
sidered exclusive,  and  that  they  are  gratified  if  they 
can  presumably  increase  their  own  importance  by 
seeming  exclusive ;  but  it  is  not  necessary  to  dwell 
on  such  people. 

The  place  given  here  to  the  ill-bred  is  only  con- 
ceded to  them  that  one  may  realize  the  great  demands 
made  upon  the  tact  and  the  good  feeling  of  a  hostess. 
She  must  have  a  quick  apprehension  ;  she  may  and 
will  remember,  however,  that  it  is  very  easDy  for- 
given,  this  kind-heartedness — that  it  is  better  to  sin 
against  etiquette  than  to  do  an  unkind  thing. 

Great  pains  should  be  taken  by  a  hostess  to  intro- 
duce shy  people.  Young  people  are  those  whose 
pleasure  must  depend  on  introductions. 

It  is  well  for  a  lady  in  presenting  two  strangers  to 
say  something  which  may  break  the  ice,  and  make 
the  conversation  easy  and  agreeable  ;  as,  for  instance, 
"  Mrs.  Smith,  allow  me  to  present  Mr.  Brown,  who 
has  just  arrived  from  New  Zealand ;"  or, "  Mrs.  Jones, 
allow  me  to  present  Mrs.  Walsingham,  of  Washington 
—or  San  Francisco,"  so  that  the  two  may  naturally 
have  a  question  and  answer  ready  with  which  to  step 
over  the  threshold  of  conversation  without  tripping. 

At  a  five-o'clock  tea  or  a  large  reception  there  are 
reasons  why  a  lady  cannot  introduce  any  one  but  the 
daughter  or  sister  whom  she  has  in  charge.  A  lady 
who  comes  and  knows  no  one  sometimes  goes  away 
feeling  that  her  hostess  has  been  inattentive,  because 
no  one  has  spoken  to  her.  She  remembers  Europe, 
where  the  roof -tree  has  been  an  introduction,  ahd 
where  people  spoke  kindly  to  her  and  did  not  pass 


40  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

her  by.  Dinner  -  parties  in  stiff  and  formal  London 
have  this  great  attraction :  a  gentleman  steps  up  and 
speaks  to  a  lady,  although  they  have  never  met  be- 
fore, and  often  takes  her  down  to  dinner  without  an 
introduction.  The  women  chat  after  dinner  like  old 
friends ;  every  one  knows  that  the  roof  is  a  sufficient 
guarantee.  This  is  as  it  should  be ;  but  great  awk- 
wardness results  in  the  United  States  if  one  lady 
speaks  to  another  and  receives  no  answer.  "Pray, 
can  you  tell  me  who  the  pianist  is  ?"  said  a  leader  of 
society  to  a  young  girl  near  her  at  a  private  concert. 
The  young  lady  looked  distressed  and  blushed,  and 
did  not  answer.  Having  seen  a  deaf-mute  in  the 
room  whom  she  knew,  the  speaker  concluded  that  this 
young  lady  belonged  to  that  class  of  persons,  and  was 
very  much  surprised  when  later  the  hostess  brought 
up  this  silent  personage  and  introduced  her. 

"I  could  not  speak  to  you  before  because  I  had 
not  been  introduced — but  the  pianist  is  Mr.  Mills,'* 
remarked  this  punctilious  person.  "  I,  however,  could 
speak  to  you,  although  we  had  not  been  formally 
presented.  The  roof  was  a  sufficient  guarantee  of 
your  respectability,  and  I  thought  from  your  not  an- 
swering that  you  were  deaf  and  dumb,"  said  the  lady. 

The  rebuke  was  deserved.  Common -sense  must 
interpret  etiquette ;  "  nice  customs  courtesy  to  great 
kings."  Society  depends  upon  its  social  soothsayers 
for*  all  that  is  good  in  it.  A  disagreeable  woman  can 
always  find  precedents  for  being  formal  and  chilling ; 
a  fine -tempered  woman  can  always  find  reasons 
enough  for  being  agreeable.  A  woman  would  rather 
be  a  benediction  than  a  curse,  one  would  think. 


CABB   IN   PBESENTING  FOBEIGNBBS.  41 

We  hold  it  proper,  all  things  considered,  that  at 
dinner-parties  and  receptions  a  hostess  may  introduce 
her  friends  to  each  other.  So  long  as  there  is  em- 
barrassment, or  the  mistake  made  by  the  young  lady 
above  mentioned  who  would  not  answer  a  civil  ques- 
tion ;  so  long  as  these  mistakes  and  others  are  made, 
and  the  result  be  stupidity  and  gloom,  and  a  party 
silent  and  thumb-twisting,  instead  of  gayly  conver- 
sing, as  it  should  be;  so  long  as  people  do  not  come  to- 
gether easily — it  is  manifestly  proper  that  the  hostess 
should  put  her  finger  on  the  social  pendulum,  and  give 
it  a  swing  to  start  the  conversational  clock.  All  well- 
bred  people  recognize  the  propriety  of  speaking  to 
even  an  enemy  at  a  dinner-party,  although  they  would 
suffer  no  recognition  an  hour  later.  The  same  princi* 
pie  holds  good,  of  course,  if,  in  the  true  exercise  of 
her  hospitality,  the  hostess  should  introduce  some 
person  whom  she  would  like  to  commend.  These  are 
the  exceptions  which  form  the  rule. 

Care  should  be  taken  in  presenting  foreigners  to 
young  ladies ;  sometimes  titles  are  dubious.  Here, 
a  hostess  is  to  be  forgiven  if  she  positively  declines. 
She  may  say,  politely,  "I  hardly  think  I  know  you 
well  enough  to  dare  to  present  you  to  that  young 
lady.  You  must  wait  until  her  parents  (or  guardians, 
or  chaperon)  will  present  you." 

But  the  numbers  of  agreeable  people  who  are  ready 
and  waiting  to  be  introduced  are  many.  The  woman 
.  of  literary  distinction  and  the  possessor  of  an  honored 
name  may  be  invincibly  shy  and  afraid  to  speak ; 
while  her  next  neighbor,  knowing  her  fame  perhaps, 
and  anxious  to  make  her  acquaintance,  misconstrues 


42  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGBS. 

shyness  for  pride — a  masquerade  which  bashfulness 
sometimes  plays  ;  so  two  people,  with  volumes  to  say 
to  each  other,  remain  silent  as  fishes,  until  the  kind- 
ly magician  comes  along,  and,  by  the  open  sesame  of 
an  introduction,  unlocks  the  treasure  which  has  been 
so  deftly  hidden.  A  woman  of  fashion  may  enter  an 
assembly  of  thinkers  and  find  herself  dreaded  and 
shunned,  until  some  kind  word  creates  the  entente 
cordiale.  In  the  social  entertainments  of  New  York, 
the  majority  prefer  those  where  the  hostess  introduces 
her  guests — under,  of  course,  these  wise  and  proper 
limitations. 

As  for  forms  of  introduction,  the  simplest  are  best. 
A  lady  should  introduce  her  husband  as  "  Mr.  Brown," 
"  General  Brown,"  "Judge  Brown."  If  he  has  a  title 
she  is  always  to  give  it  to  him.  Our  simple  forms 
of  titular  respect  have  been  condemned  abroad,  and 
we  are  accused  of  being  all  "  colonels  "  and  "  gener- 
als;" but  a  wife  should  still  give  her  husband  his 
title.  In  addressing  the  President  we  say  "Mr. 
President,"  but  his  wife  should  say,  "Allow  me  to  in- 
troduce  the  President  to  you."  The  modesty  of  Mrs. 
Grant,  however,  never  allowed  her  to  call  her  many- 
titled  husband  anything  but  "Mr.  Grant,"  which  had, 
in  her  case,  a  sweetness  above  all  etiquette. 

Introductions  in  the  homely  German  fatherland 
are  universal,  everybody  pronouncing  to  everybody 
else  the  name  of  the  lady  to  whom  he  is  talking; 
and  among  our  German  fellow-citizens  we  often  see 
SL  gentleman  convoying  a  lady  through  a  crowded 
assemblage,  introducing  her  to  everybody.  It  is  a 
simple,  cordial,  and  pleasant  thing  enough,  as  with 


"cold  shouldeb.  '  43 

them  the  acquaintance  stops  there;  and  a  bow  and 
smile  hurt  nobody. 

No  one  of  heart  or  mind  need  feel  afraid  to  talk 
and  be  agreeable,  whether  introduced  or  not,  at  a 
friend's  house ;  even  if  she  meets  with  the  rebuff  of 
a  deaf-and-dumb  neighbor,  she  need  not  feel  heart- 
broken: she  is  right,  and  her  stiff  acquaintance  is 
Wrong. 

If  a  gentleman  asks  to  be  presented  to  a  lady,  she 
should  signify  her  assent  in  a  pleasant  way,  and  pay 
her  hostess,  through  whom  the  request  comes,  the  com- 
pliment of  at  least  seeming  to  be  gratified  at  the  intro- 
duction. Our  American  ladies  are  sometimes  a  little 
lacking  in  cordiality  of  manner,  often  receiving  a  new 
acquaintance  with  that  part  of  their  conformation 
which  is  known  as  the  "cold  shoulder."  A  brusque 
discourtesy  is  bad,  a  very  effusive  courtesy  and  a  too 
low  bow  are  worse,  and  an  overwhelming  and  patron- 
izing manner  is  atrocious.  The  proper  salutation  lies 
just  between  the  two  extremes:  the  jtcste  milieu  is  the 
proper  thing  always.  In  seeking  introductions  for 
ourselves,  while  we  need  not  be  shy  of  making  a 
first  visit  or  asking  for  an  introduction,  we  must  still 
beware  of  "push."  There  are  instincts  in  the  hum- 
blest understanding  which  will  tell  us  where  to  draw 
the  line.  If  a  person  is  socially  more  prominent  than 
ourselves,  or  more  distinguished  in  any  way,  we  should 
not  be  violently  anxious  to  take  the  first  step;  we  should 
wait  until  some  happy  chance  brought  us  together, 
for  we  must  be  as  firm  in  our  self-respect  as  our  neigh- 
bor is  secure  in  her  exalted  position.  Wealth  has 
heretofore  had  very  little  power  to  give  a  person  an 


44  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

exclusively  fashionable  position.  Character,  breed- 
ing, culture,  good  connections — all  must  help.  An 
aristocrat  who  is  such  by  virtue  of  an  old  and  hon- 
ored name  which  has  never  been  tarnished  is  a  power 
in  the  newest  society  as  in  the  oldest;  but  it  is  a 
shadowy  power,  felt  rather  than  described.  Educa- 
tion is  always  a  power. 

To  be  sure,  there  is  a  tyranny  in  large  cities  of 
what  is  known  as  the  "  fashionable  set,"  formed  of 
people  willing  to  spend  money  ;  who  make  a  sort  of 
alliance,  offensive  and  defensive ;  who  can  give  balls 
and  parties  and  keep  certain  people  out;  who  have 
the  place  which  many  covet;  who  are  too  much  feared' 
and  dreaded.  If  those  who  desire  an  introduction  to 
this  set  strive  for  it  too  much,  they  will  be  sure  to 
be  snubbed ;  for  this  circle  lives  by  snubbing.  If 
such  an  aspirant  will  wait  patiently,  either  the  whole 
autocratic  set  of  ladies  will  disband — for  such  sets 
disentangle  easily — or  else  they  in  their  turn  will 
come  knocking  at  the  door  and  ask  to  be  received. 
Uart  de  tenir  salon  is  not  acquired  in  an  hour.  It 
takes  many  years  for  a  new  and  an  uninstructed  set 
to  surmount  all  the  little  awkwardnesses,  the  dubious 
points  of  etiquette,  that  come  up  in  every  new  shuffle 
of  the  social  cards;  but  a  modest  and  serene  courtesy, 
a  civility  which  is  not  servile,  will  be  a  good  intro- 
duction into  any  society. 

And  it  is  well  to  have  that  philosophical  spirit 
which  puts  the  best  possible  interpretation  upon  the 
conduct  of  others.  Be  not  in  haste  to  consider  your- 
self neglected.  Self-respect  does  not  easily  receive 
an  insult. 


OLD-WOBLD  FASHIONS.  45 

A  lady  who  is  fully  aware  of  her  own  respectable 
ity,  who  has  always  lived  in  the  best  society,  is  never 
afraid  to  bow  or  call  first,  or  to  introduce  the  people 
whom  she  may  desire  should  know  each  other.  She 
perhapli  presumes  on  her  position,  but  it  is  very  rare 
that  such  a  person  offends ;  for  tact  is  almost  always 
the  concomitant  of  social  success. 

There  has  been  a  movement  lately  towards  the  stately 
bows  and  courtesies  of  the  past  in  our  recent  importa- 
tion of  Old- World  fashions.  A  lady  silently  courte- 
sies when  introduced,  a  gentleman  makes  a  deep  bow 
without  speaking.  We  have  had  the  custom  of  hand- 
shaking— and  a  very  good  custom  it  is — ^but  perhaps 
the  latest  fashion  in  ceremonious  introduction  forbids 
it.  A  letter  of  introduction  should  receive  all  the  atten- 
tion possible.  In  England  it  always  means  an  invita- 
tion to  dinner.  In  America  it  does  not  always  receive 
the  attention  it  deserves.  The  master  and  mistress 
of  a  house  receiving  such  a  letter  should  immediately 
call  on  the  persons  who  present  it,  and  should,  if  pos- 
sible, invite  them  to  their  house. 

Gentlemen  carry  their  ordinary  hats  into  a  drawing- 
room,  if  they  choose.  If  a  gentleman  carries  his  crush 
hat,  and  a  lady  her  fan  and  a  bouquet,  hand-shaking 
may  not  be  perfectly  convenient.  However,  if  a  lady 
or  gentleman  extends  a  hand,  it  should  be  taken  cord- 
ially. Always  respond  to  the  greeting  in  the  key- 
note of  the  giver,  or  even  more  cordially. 


CHAPTER  V. 

VISITING. 

ITo  term  admits  of  a  wider  interpretation  than  this; 
no  subject  is  capable  of  a  greater  number  of  subdi- 
visions. The  matter  of  formal  visiting  has  led  to  the 
writing  of  innumerable  books.  The  decay  of  social 
visiting  is  a  cau^e  of  regret  to  all  the  old-fashioned 
people  who  remember  how  agreeable  it  was;  but  our 
cities  have  grown  too  large  for  it,  and  in  our  vil- 
lages the  population  changes  too  quickly.  The  con- 
stant effort  to  make  the  two  systems  shake  hands,  to 
add  cordiality  to  formality,  and  to  provide  for  all  the 
forced  conditions  of  a  rapidly  growing  and  constantly 
changing  society,  these  are  but  a  few  of  the  difficulties 
attending  this  subject. 

The  original  plan  of  an  acquaintance  in  a  formal 
city  circle  was  to  call  once  or  twice  a  year  on  all 
one's  friends  personally,  with  the  hope  and  the  remote 
expectation  of  finding  two  or  three  at  home.  When 
society  was  smaller  in  New  York,  this  was  possible, 
but  it  soon  grew  to  be  impossible,  as  in  all  large  cities. 
This  finally  led  to  the  establishment  of  a  reception 
day  which  held  good  all  winter.  That  became  im- 
possible and  tiresome,  and  was  narrowed  down  to  four 
Tuesdays,  perhaps,  in  one  month;  that  resolved  itself 
into  one  or  two  five-o'clock  teas ;  and  then  again,  if 


STBICT  BULBS   OF   BTIQUBTTB.  47 

a  lady  got  lame  or  lazy  or  luxurious,  even  the  last 
easy  method  of  receiving  her  friends  became  too 
onerous,  and  cards  were  left  or  sent  in  an  envelope. 

Now,  according  to  the  strict  rules  of  etiquette,  one 
card  a  year  left  at  the  door,  or  one  sent  in  an  envelope, 
continues  the  acquaintance.  We  can  never  know 
what  sudden  pressure  of  calamity,  what  stringent  need 
of  economy,  what  exigencies  of  work,  may  prompt  a 
lady  to  give  up  her  visiting  for  a  season.  Even  when 
there  is  no  apparent  cause,  society  must  ask  no  ques- 
tions, but  must  acquiesce  in  the  most  good-natured 
view  of  the  subject. 

Still,  there  must  be  uniformity.  We  are  not  pleased 
to  receive  Mrs.  Brown's  card  by  post,  and  then  to 
meet  her  making  a  personal  visit  to  our  next  neigh- 
bor. We  all  wish  to  receive  our  personal  visits,  and 
if  a  lady  cannot  call  on  all  her  formal  acquaintances 
once,  she  had  better  call  on  none. 

If  sAe  gives  one  reception  a  year  and  invites  all  her 
"list,"  she  is  then  at  liberty  to  refrain  from  either 
calling  or  sending  a  card,  unless  she  is  asked  to  a 
wedding  or  dinner,  a  ladies'  lunch  or  a  christening,  or 
receives  some  very  particular  invitation  which  she 
must  return  by  an  early  personal  call — the  very  for- 
mal and  the  punctilious  say  within  a  week,  but  that 
is  often  impossible. 

And  if  a  lady  have  a  day,  the  call  should  be  made 
on  that  day;  it  is  rude  to  ignore  the  intimation.  One 
should  try  to  call  on  a  reception  day.  But  here  in  a 
crowded  city  another  complication  comes  in.  If  a 
lady  have  four  Thursdays  in  January  and  several 
other  ladies  have  Thursdays,  it  may  be  impossible 


48  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

to  reach  all  those  ladies  on  their  reception  day. 
rhere  is  nothing  for  it,  then,  but  to  good-naturedly 
apologize,  and  to  regret  that  calling  hours  are  now 
reduced  to  between  four  and  six  in  large  cities. 

Some  people  have  too  many  acquaintances.  If  they 
hope  to  do  anything  in  the  world  but  drive  about  and 
leave  cards,  they  must  exonerate  themselves  from 
blame  by  giving  a  reception,  having  a  day  or  an  even- 
ing for  receiving,  and  then  trust  to  the  good-nature  of 
society,  or  its  forgetfulness,  which  is  about  the  same 
thing,  to  excuse  them. 

Happy  those  ladies  who  can  give  up  an  evening  a 
week  to  their  friends ;  that  rubs  out  the  score  on  the 
social  slate,  besides  giving  a  number  of  people  a  chance 
to  spend  a  very  agreeable  hour  in  that  society  which 
gathers  around  a  hospitable  lamp. 

The  danger  of  this  kind  of  hospitality  is  that  it  is 
abused  by  bores,  who  are  too  apt  to  congregate  in 
numbers,  and  to  wear  out  the  lady  of  the  hokse  by 
using  her  parlor  as  a  spot  where  they  are  safe  from 
the  rain  and  cold  and  free  to  bestow  their  tedious- 
ness  on  anybody,  herself  included.  Then  a  lady 
after  committing  herself  to  a  reception  evening  often 
wishes  to  go  out  herself.  It  requires  unselfishness 
to  give  up  an  evening  to  that  large  circle,  some  of 
whom  forget  it,  some  go  elsewhere,  some  come  too 
often,  and  sometimes,  alas !  no  one  calls.  These  are 
the  drawbacks  of  an  "  evening  at  home."  However, 
it  is  a  laudable  custom;  one  could  wish  it  were  more 
common. 

No  one  can  forget  the  eloquent  thanks  of  such  men 
as  Horace  Walpole,  and  other  persons  of  distinctiouj  to 


POSITION   OF  TOTTNO   MABBIED  WOMEN.  49 

the  Misses  Berry,  in  London,  who  kept  up  their  even- 
ing receptions  for  sixty  years.  But,  from  the  trials  of 
those  who  have  too  much  visiting,  we  turn  to  the  peo- 
ple who  have  all  the  means  and  appliances  of  visiting 
and  no  one  to  visit. 

The  young  married  woman  who  comes  to  New 
York,  or  any  other  large  city,  often  passes  years  of 
loneliness  before  she  has  made  her  acquaintances. 
She  is  properly  introduced,  we  will  say  by  her  moth- 
er-in-law or  some  other  friend,  and  then,  after  a 
round  of  visits  in  which  she  has  but,  perhaps,  im- 
perfectly  -apprehended  the  positions  and  names  of 
her  new  acquaintances,  she  has  a  long  illness,  or  she 
is  called  into  mourning,  or  the  cares  of  the  nursery 
surround  her,  and  she  is  shut  out  from  society  until 
it  has  forgotten  her;  and  when  she  is  ready  to  emerge, 
it  is  difficult  for  her  to  find  her  place  again  in  the 
visiting -book.  If  she  is  energetic  and  clever,  she 
surmounts  this  difficulty  by  &:ivin&:  a  series  of  recep- 
tions.  or  engaging  in  charitii,  or  working  on  some 
committee,  making  herself  of  use  to  society  in  some 
way ;  and  thus  picks  up  her  dropped  stitches.  But 
some  young  women  are  without  the  courage  and  tact 
to  do  this  thing ;  they  wait,  expecting  that  society 
will  find  them .  out,  and,  taking  them  up,  will  do  all 
the  work  and  leave  them  to  accept  or  refuse  civilities 
as  they  please.  Society  never  does  this ;  it  has  too 
much  on  its  hands;  a  few  conspicuously  beautiful  and 
gifted  people  may  occasionally  receive  such  an  ova- 
tion, but  it  is  not  for  the  rank 'and  file. 

Every  young  woman  should  try  to  make  at  least 
one  personal  visit  to  those  who  are  older  than  hei 


50  MAXNBBS   AND  SOCIAL  U8AOES. 

self,  and  she  should  show  charity  towards  those  who 
do  not  return  this  visit  immediately.  Of  course,  she 
has  a  right  to  be  piqued  if  her  visit  be  persistently 
ignored ;  and  she  should  not  press  herself  upon  a 
cold  or  indifferent  acquaintance,  but  she  should  be 
slow  to  wrath;  and  if  she  is  once  invited  to  the  older 
lady's  house,  it  is  worth  a  dozen  calls  so  far  as  the 
intention  of  civility  is  concerned. 

It  is  proper  to  call  in  person,  or  to  leave  a  card, 
after  an  acquaintance  has  lost  a  relative,  after  an  en- 
gagement is  announced,  after  a  marnage  has  taken 
place,  after  a  return  from  Europe,  and  of  course  after 
an  invitation  has  been  extended;  but,  as  society  grows 
larger  and  larger,  the  first  four  visits  may  be  omitted, 
and  cards  sent  if  it  is  impossible  to  pay  the  visits 
personally.  Most  ladies  in  large  cities  are  invisible  ex- 
cept on  their  days;  in  this  way  alone  can  they  hope  to 
have  any  time  for  their  own  individual  tastes,  be  these 
what  they  may — china  painting,  authorship,  embroid- 
ery, or  music.  So  the  formal  visiting  gets  to  be  a 
mere  matter  of  card-leaving;  and  the  witty  author  who 
suggested  that  there  should  be  a  "  clearing-house  for 
cards,"  and  who  hailed  the  Casino  at  Newport  as  a 
good  institution  for  the  same,  was  not  without  genius. 
One  hates  to  lose  time  in  this  world  while  greasing 
the  machinery,  and  the  formal,  perfunctory  card-leav- 
ing is  little  else. 

Could  we  all  have  abundant  leisure  and  be  sure  to 
find  our  friends  at  home,  what  more  agreeable  busi- 
ness than  visiting?  To  wander  from  one  pleasant  in- 
terior to  another,  to  talk  a  little  harmless  gossip,  to 
hear  the  last  mot,  the  best  piece  of  news,  to  see  one's 


A   "EABA   avis.*'  61 

friends,  their  children,  and  the  stranger  within  their 
gates — all  this  is  charming;  it  is  the  Utopia  of  so- 
ciety; it  would  be  the  apotheosis  of  visiting — if 
*>here  were  such  a  thing ! 

Unfortunately,  it  is  impossible.  There  may  be  here 
and  there  a  person  of  such  exalted  leisure  that  he 
can  keep  his  accounts  to  society  marked  in  one  of 
those  purple  satin  manuals  stamped  "Visites,"  and 
make  the  proper  marks  every  day  under  the  heads  of 
"  address,"  "  received,"  "  returned  visits,"  and  "  recep- 
tion days,"  but  he  is  a  vara  avis. 

Certain  rules  are,  however,  immutable.  A  first  call 
from  a  new  acquaintance  should  be  speedily  returned. 
These  are  formal  calls,  and  should  be  made  in  person 
between  the  hours  of  four  and  six  in  New  York  and 
other  large  cities.  Every  town  has  its  own  hours  for 
receiving,  however.  When  calling  for  the  first  time  on 
several  ladies  not  mother  and  daughters  in  one  family, 
a  card  should  be  left  on  each.  In  the  first  call  of  the 
season,  a  lady  leaves  her  own  card  and  those  of  her 
husband,  sons,  and  daughters. 

A  lady  has  a  right  to  leave  her  card  without  asking 
for  the  lady  of  the  house  if  it  is  not  her  day,  or  if 
there  is  any  reason — such  as  bad  weather,  pressure  of 
engagements,  or  the  like— which  renders  time  an  im- 
portant matter. 

If  ladies  are  receiving,  and  she  is  admitted,  the  vis- 
itor should  leave  her  husband's  cards  for  the  gentle- 
men of  the  family  on  the  hall  table.  Strangers  stay- 
ing in  town  who  wish  to  be  called  upon  should  send 
their  cards  by  post,  with  address  attached,  to  those 
whom  they  would  like  to  see. 


52  MANNBBS  AND   SOCIAL   U8AGBS. 

There  is  no  necessity  of  calling  after  a  tea  or  gen- 
eral reception  if  one  has  attended  the  festivity,  or 
has  left  or  sent  a  card  on  that  day. 

For  reception  days  a  lady  wears  a  plain,  dark,  rich 
dress,  taking  care,  however,  never  to  be  overdressed 
at  home.  She  rises  when  her  visitors  enter,  and  is 
careful  to  seat  her  friends  so  that  she  can  have  a  word 
with  each.  If  this  is  impossible,  she  keeps  her  eye  on 
the  recent  arrivals  to  be  sure  to  speak  to  every  one. 
She  is  to  be  forgiven  if  she  pays  more  attention  to  the 
aged,  to  some  distinguished  stranger,  or  to  some  one 
who  has  the  still  higher  claim  of  misfortune,  or  to  one 
of  a  modest  and  shrinking  temperament,  than  to  one 
young,  gay,  fashionable,  and  rich.  If  she  neglects 
these  fortunate  visitors  they  will  not  feel  it ;  if  she 
bows  low  to  them  and  neglects  the  others,  she  betrays 
that  she  is  a  snob.  If  a  lady  is  not  sure  that  she  is 
known  by  name  to  her  hostess,  she  should  not  fail  to 
pronounce  her  own  name.  Many  ladies  send  their 
cards  to  the  young  brides  who  have  come  into  a 
friend's  family,  and  yet  who  are  without  personal 
acquaintance.  Many,  alas !  forget  faces,  so  that  a 
name  quickly  pronounced  is  a  help.  In  the  event  of 
an  exchange  of  calls  between  two  ladies  who  have  nev- 
er met  (and  this  has  gone  on  for  years  in  New  York, 
sometimes  until  death  has  removed  one  forever),  they 
should  take  an  early  opportunity  of  speaking  to  each 
other  at  some  friend's  house  ;  the  younger  should  ap- 
proach the  elder  and  introduce  herself ;  it  is  always 
regarded  as  a  kindness ;  or  the  one  who  has  received 
the  first  attention  should  be  the  first  to  speak. 

It  is  well  always  to  leave  a  card  in  the  hall  even  if 


K  -n      •»      r^  " 


P.  P.  C."  CASDS.  63 

one  is  received,  as  it  assists  the  lady's  memory  in  her 
attempts  to  return  these  civilities.  Cards  of  condo- 
lence must  be  returned  by  a  mourning-card  sent  in  an 
envelope  at  such  reasonable  time  after  the  death  of  a 
relative  as  one  can  determine  again  to  take  up  the 
business  of  society.  When  the  separate  card  of  a 
lady  is  left,  with  her  reception  day  printed  in  one  cor- 
ner, two  cards  of  her  husband  should  be  left,  one  for 
the  lady,  the  other  for  the  master,  of  the  house ;  but 
after  the  first  call  of  the  season,  it  is  not  necessary  to 
leave .  the  husband's  card,  except  after  a  dinner  invi- 
tation. It  is  a  convenience,  although  not  a  universal 
custom,  to  have  the  joint  names  of  husband  and  wife, 
as  "  Dr.  and  Mrs.  J.  B.  Watson,"  printed  on  one  ca^rd. 
to  use  as  a  card  of  condolence  or  congratulation, 
but  not  as  a  visiting-card.  These,  cards  are  used  as 
"P.  P.  C."  cards,  and  can  be  sent  in  an  envelope  by 
post.  Society  is  rapidly  getting  over  its  prejudice 
against  sending  cards  by  post.  In  Europe  it  is  always 
done,  and  it  is  much  safer.  Etiquette  and  hospitality 
have  been  reduced  to  a  system  in  the  Old  World.  It 
would  be  much  more  convenient  could  we  do  that 
here.  Ceremonious  visiting  is  the  machinery  by  which 
an  acquaintance  is  kept  up  in  a  circle  too  large  for 
social  visiting ;  but  every  lady  should  try  to  make  one 
or  two  informal  calls  each  winter  on  intimate  friends. 
These  calls  can  be  made  in  the  morning  in  the  plain- 
est walking-dress,  and  are  certainly  the  most  agreeable 
and  flattering  of  all  visits.  There  should  be  a  cessa- 
tion of  the  habit  of  kissing,  between  two  ladies,  in 
the  ceremonious  calL 


CHAPTER  VL 

rNVITATIONS,  ACCEPTANCES,  AND   BEGBETS. 

The  engraving  of  invitation-cards  has  become  the 
important  function  of  more  than  one  enterprising 
firm  in  every  city,  sq  that  it  seems  unnecessary  to  say 
more  than  that  the  most  plain  and  simple  style  of 
engraving  the  necessary  words  is  all  that  is  requisite. 

The  English  ambassador  at  Rome  has  a  plain,  stiff, 
unglazed  card  of  a  large  size,  on  which  is  engraved, 

Sir  Augustus  and  Lady  Paget 

request  the  pleasure  of company 

on  Thursday  evening,  November  fifteenth,  at  ten  o'dock. 
The  favor  of  an  anstoer  is  requested. 

The  lady  of  the  house  writes  the  name  of  the  in- 
vited guest  in  the  blank  space  left  before  the  word 
"company."  Many  entertainers  in  America  keep 
these  blanks,  or  half -engraved  invitations,  always  on 
hand,  and  thus  save  themselves  the  trouble  of  writing 
the  whole  card. 

Sometimes,  however,  ladies  prefer  to  write  their 
own  dinner  invitations.     The  formula  should  always 

be^ 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Henry  Brown 

request  the  pleasure  of 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Joneses  company  at  dinn&r» 

November  fifteenth^  at  seven  o^clock, 

132  BlanJc  St.  West 


INVITATIONS   TO   DINNEE.  65 

These  invitations  should  be  immediately  answered, 
and  with  a  peremptory  acceptance  or  a  regret.  Never 
enter  into  any  discussion  or  prevision  with  a  dinner 
invitation.  Never  write,  saying  "you  will  come  if 
you  do  not  have  to  leave  town,"  or  that  you  will  "  try 
to  come,"  or,  if  you  are  a  married  pair,  that  you  will 
"one  of  you  come."  Your  hostess  wants  to  know 
exactly  who  is  coming  and  who  isn't,  that  she  may 
arrange  her  table  accordingly.     Simply  say, 

Mr,  and  Mrs.  James  Jones 

accept  toUh  pleasure  the  polite  invitation  of 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Henry  Brown  for  dinner 

on  November  fifteenth^ 

at  seven  o'clock. 

Or  if  it  is  written  in  the  first  person,  accept  in  the 
same  informal  manner,  but  quickly  and  decisively. 

After  having  accepted  a  dinner  invitation,  if  illness 
or  any  other  cause  interfere  with  your  going  to  the 
dinner,  send  an  immediate  note  to  your  hostess,  that 
she  may  fill  your  place.  Never  selfishly  keep  the 
place  open  for  yourself  if  there  is  a  doubt  about  your 
going.  It  has  often  made  or  marred  the  pleasure  of 
a  dinner-party,  this  hesitancy  on  the  part  of  a  guest 
to  send  in  time  to  her  hostess  her  regrets,  caused  by 
the  illness  of  her  child,  or  the  coming  on  of  a  cold,  or 
a  death  in  the  family,  or  any  other  calamity.  Re- 
member always  that  a  dinner  is  a  most  formal  affair, 
that  it  is  the  highest  social  compliment,  that  its  hap- 
py fulfilment  is  of  the  greatest  importance  to  the 
hostess,  and  that  it  must  be  met  in  the  same  formal 
spirit.  It  precludes,  on  her  part,  the  necessity  of  bav- 
in gr  to  make  a  first  call,  if  she  be  the  older  resident. 


56  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGEB. 

although  she  generally  calls  first.  Some  young  neo- 
phytes in  society,  having  been  asked  to  a  dinner  where 
the  elderly  lady  who  gave  it  had  forgotten  to  enclose 
her  card,  asked  if  they  should  call  afterwards.  Of 
course  they  were  bound  to  do  so,  although  their 
hostess  should  have  called  or  enclosed  her  card. 
However,  one  invitation  to  dinner  is  better  than 
many  cards  as  a  social  compliment. 

We  have  been  asked  by  many, "  To  whom  should 
the  answer  to  an  invitation  be  addressed?"  If  Mr. 
and  Mrs.  Brown  invite  you,  answer  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Brown.  If  Mrs.  John  Jones  asks  you  to  a  wedding, 
answer  Mrs.  John  Jones.  Another  of  our  correspond- 
ents asks, "  Shall  I  respond  to  the  lady  of  the  house 
or  to  the  bride  if  asked  to  a  wedding?"  This  seems 
so  impossible  a  confusion  that  we  should  not  think  of 
mentioning  so  self-evident  a  fact  had  not  the  doubt 
arisen.  One  has  nothing  to  say  to  the  bride  in  an- 
swering such  an  invitation ;  the  answer  is  to  be  sent 
to  the  hostess,  who  writes. 

Always  carefully  observe  the  formula  of  your  invi- 
tation, and  answer  it  exactly.  As  to  the  card  of  the 
English  ambassador,  a  gentleman  should  write  :  ^'  Mr. 
Algernon  Gracie  will  do  himself  the  honor  to  accept 
the  invitation  of  Sir  Augustus  and  Lady  Paget."  In 
America  he  would  be  a  trifle  less  formal,  saying, 
"Mr.  Algernon  Gracie  will  have  much  pleasure  in 
accepting  the  polite  invitation  of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Henry 
Brown."  We  notice  that  on  all  English  cards  the 
"  R.  S.  V.  P."  is  omitted,  and  that  a  plain  line  of  Eng- 
lish script  is  engraved,  saying,  "The  favor  of  an  an- 
swer is  requested." 


GENTLEMEN  MUST  '^BEQUEST  THE  PLEASURE."  57 

In  this  country  the  invitations  to  a  dinner  are  al* 
ways  in  the  name  of  both  host  and  hostess,  but  invi- 
tations  to  a  ball,  ^^  at  home,"  a  tea,  or  garden-party,  are 
in  the  name  of  the  hostess  alone.  At  a  wedding  the 
names  of  both  host  and  hostess  are  given.  And  if  a 
father  entertains  for  his  daughters,  he  being  a  wid- 
ower, his  name  appears  alone  for  her  wedding ;  but 
if  his  eldest  daughter  presides  over  his  household,  his 
and  her  name  appear  together  for  dinners,  receptions, 
and  "at  homes."  Many  widowed  fathers,  however, 
omit  the  names  of  their  daughters  on  the  invitation. 
A  young  lady  at  the  head  of  her  father's  house  may, 
if  she  is  no  longer  very  young,  issue  her  own  cards 
for  a  tea.  It  is  never  proper  for  very  young  ladies 
to  invite  gentlemen  in  their  own  name  to  visit  at  the 
house,  call  on  them,  or  to  come  to  dinner.  The  invi- 
tation must  come  from  the  father,  mother,  or  chap- 
eron. 

At  the  Assembly,  Charity  ball,  or  any  public  af- 
fair, the  word  "ball "  is  used,  but  no  lady  invites  you 
to  a  "ball"  at  her  own  house.  The  words  "At 
Home,"  with  "  Cotillon  "  or  "  Dancing "  in  one  cor- 
ner, and  the  hour  and  date,  alone  are  necessary.  If 
it  is  to  be  a  small,  informal  dance,  the  word  "  Infor- 
mal "  should  be  engraved  in  one  corner.  Officers  of  the 
army  and  navy  giving  a  ball,  members  of  the  hunt, 
bachelors,  members  of  a  club,  heads  of  committees, 
always  "  request  the  pleasure  "  or  "  the  honor  of 
your  company."  It  is  not  proper  for  a  gentleman  to 
describe  himself  as  "  at  home  ;"  he  must  "  request 
the  pleasure."  A  rich  bachelor  of  Utopia  who  gave 
many  entertainments  made  this  mistake,  and  sent  a 


5g  MANNEBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

card  — "  Mr.  Horatio  Brown.  At  Home.  Tuesday, 
November  fourteenth.  Tea  at  four  " — to  a  lady  who 
had  been  an  ambassadress.  She  immediately  replied  : 
Mrs.  Rousby  is  very  glad  to  hear  that  Mr.  Horatio 
Brown  is  at  home — she  hopes  that  he  will  stay  there ; 
but  of  what  possible  consequence  is  that  to  Mrs. 
Rousby  ?"  This  was  a  piece  of  rough  wit,  but  it  told 
the  young  man  of  his  mistake.  Another  card,  issued 
with  the  singular  formula,  ^'  Mrs.  Ferguson  hopes  to 
see  Mrs.  Rousby  at  the  church,''  on  the  occasion  of 
the  wedding  of  a  daughter,  brought  forth  the  rebuke, 
^^  Nothing  is  so  deceitful  as  human  hope."  The  phrase 
is  an  improper  one.  Mrs.  Ferguson  should  have  '^  re- 
quested the  pleasure." 

In  asking  for  an  invitation  to  a  ball  for  friends, 
ladies  must  be  cautious  not  to  intrude  too  far,  or  to 
feel  offended  if  refused.  Often  a  hostess  has  a  larger 
list  than  she  can  fill,  and  she  is  not  able  to  ask  all 
whom  she  would  wish  to  invite.  Therefore  a  very 
great  discretion  is  to  be  observed  on  the  part  of  those 
who  ask  a  favor.  A  lady  may  always  request  an  invi« 
tation  for  distinguished  strangers,  or  for  a  young  dan- 
cing man  (who  must  be  able  to  dance  the  deux  temps),  if 
she  can  answer  for  him  in  every  way,  but  rarely  for  a 
married  couple,  and  hardly  ever  for  a  couple  living  in 
the  same  city,  unless  newly  arrived. 

Invitations  to  evening  or  day  receptions  are  general- 
ly "  at  home  "  cards.  A  lady  may  use  her  own  visiting- 
cards  for  five-o'clock  tea.  For  other  entertainments, 
"Music,"  "  Lawn-tennis,"  "  Garden-party,"  or  "  Read- 
ings and  Recitals"  may  be  engraved  in  one  comer 
or  written  in  by  the  lady  herself. 


INVITATIONS  TO    LADIBS'   LUNCHES.  59 

As  for  wedding  invitations,  they  are  almost  invari- 
ably sent  out  by  the  parents  of  the  bride,  engraved  in 
small  script  on  note-paper.  The  style  can  always  be 
obtained  of  a  fashionable  engraver.  They  should  be 
sent  out  a  fortnight  before  the  wedding-day,  and  are 
not  to  be  answered  unless  the  guests  are  requested  to 
attend  a  ^^  sit-down''  breakfast,  when  the  answer  must  be 
as  explicit  as  to  a  dinner.  Those  who  cannot  attend 
the  wedding  send  or  leave  their  visiting-cards  either 
on  the  day  of  the  wedding  or  soon  after.  Invitations 
to  a  luncheon  are  generally  written  by  the  hostess  on 
note-paper,  and  should  be  rather  informal,  as  lunch' 
eon  is  an  informal  meal.  However,  nowadays  ladies' 
luncheons  have  become  such  grand,  consequential,  and 
expensive  affairs,  that  invitations  are  engraved  and 
sent  out  a  fortnight  in  advance,  and  answered  imme- 
diately. There  is  the  same  etiquette  as  at  dinner  ob- 
served at  these  formal  luncheons.  There  is  such  a 
thing,  however,  as  a  "  stand-up  "  luncheon — a  sort  of 
reception  with  banquet,  from  which  one  could  absent 
one's  self  without  being  missed. 

Punctuality  in  keeping  all  engagements  is  a  feature 
of  a  well-bred  character,  in  society  as  well  as  in  busi- 
ness, and  it  cannot  be  too  thoroughly  insisted  upon. 

In  sending  a  "  regret "  be  particular  to  word  four 
note  most  respectfully.  Never  write  the  word  "  re* 
grets"  on  your  card  unless  you  wish  to  insult  your 
hostess.  Send  a  card  without  any  pencilling  upon  it, 
or  write  a  note,  thus :  "  Mrs.  Brown  regrets  that  a 
previous  engagement  will  deprive  her  of  the  pleasure 
of  accepting  the  polite  invitation  of  Mrs.  Jones." 

No  one  should,  in  the  matter  of  accepting  or  refus* 


60  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

ing  an-  invitation,  economize  his  politeness.  It  is  bet- 
ter to  err  on  the  other  side.  Your  friend  has  done 
his  best  in  inviting  you. 

The  question  is  often  asked  us,  "  Should  invitations 
be  sent  to  people  in  mourning?"  Of  course  they 
should.  No  one  would  knowingly  intrude  on  a  house 
in  which  there  is  or  has  been  death  within  a  month ; 
but  after  that,  although  it  is  an  idle  compliment,  it  is 
one  which  must  be  paid ;  it  is  a  part  of  the  machinery 
of  society.  As  invitations  are  now  directed  by  the 
hundreds  by  hired  amanuenses,  a  lady  should  careful- 
ly revise  her  list,  in  order  that  no  names  of  persons 
deceased  may  be  written  on  her  cards ;  but  the  mem- 
bers of  the  family  who  remain,  and  who  have  suffered 
a  loss,  should  be  carefully  remembered,  and  should 
liot  be  pained  by  seeing  the  name  of  one  who  has  de- 
parted included  in  the  invitations  or  wedding-cards. 
People  in  deep  mourning  are  not  invited  to  dinners  or 
luncheons,  but  for  weddings  and  large  entertainments 
cards  are  sent  as  a  token  of  remembrance  and  compli- 
ment. After  a  year  of  mourning  the  bereaved  family 
should  send  out  cards  with  a  narrow  black  edge  to  all 
who  have  remembered  them. 

Let  it  be  understood  that  in  all  countries  a  card 
sent  by  a  private  hand  in  an  envelope  is  equivalent 
to  a  visit.  In  England  one  sent  by  post  is  equivalent 
to  a  visit,  excepting  after  a  dinner.  Nothing  is  pen- 
eilled  on  a  card  sent  by  post,  except  the  three  letters 
"P.  P.  C."  No  such  words  as  "accepts,"  "declines,'' 
**  regrets  "  should  be  written  on  a  card.  As  much  ill- 
will  is  engendered  in  New  York  by  the  loss  of  cards 
for  large  receptions  and  the  like,  some  of  which  the 


SENDING  INVITATIONS   BY   MAIL.  61 

messenger-boys  fling  into  the  gutter,  it  is  a  thousand 
pities  that  we  cannot  agree  to  send  all  invitations  by 
mail.  People  always  get  letters  that  are  sent  by  post, 
particularly  those  which  they  could  do  without.  Why 
should  they  not  get  their  more  interesting  letters  that 
contain  invitations  ?  It  is  considered  thoroughly  re- 
spectful in  England,  and  as  our  people  are  fond  of 
copying  that  stately  etiquette,  why  should  they  not 
follow  this  sensible  part  of  it  ? 

It  is  in  every  sense  as  complimentary  to  send  a  let- 
ter by  the  post  as  by  the  dirty  fingers  of  a  hired  mes- 
senger.  Very  few  people  in  this  country  can  afford 
to  send  by  their  own  servants^  who,  again,  rarely  find 
the  right  address. 


CHAPTER  Vn. 

CABDS  OP  COMPLIMENT,  COURTESY,  CONDOLENCE,  AND 

CONGKATULATION. 

A  DisTiNGTJiSHED  lady  of  New  York,  on  recovering 
from  a  severe  illness,  issued  a  card  which  is  a  new  de- 
parture. In  admiring  its  fitness  and  the  need  which 
has  existed  for  just  such  a  card,  we  wonder  that  none 
of  us  have  before  invented  something  so  compact  and 
stately,  pleasing  and  proper — ^that  her  thought  had  not 
been  our  thought.  It  reads  thus,  engraved  in  elegant 
script,  plain  and  modest:  "  Mrs. presents  her  com- 
pliments and  thanks  for  recent  kind  inquiries."  This 
card,  sent  in  an  envelope  which  bears  the  family  crest 
as  a  seal,  reached  all  those  who  had  left  cards  and  in- 
quiries for  a  useful  and  eminent  member  of  society, 
who  lay  for  weeks  trembling  between  life  and  death. 

This  card  is  an  attention  to  her  large  circle  of  anx- 
ious friends  which  only  a  kind-hearted  woman  would 
have  thought  of,  and  yet  the  thought  was  all;  for  after 
that  the  engraver  and  the  secretary  could  do  the  rest, 
showing  what  a  labor-saving  invention  it  is  to  a  busy 
woman  who  is  not  yet  sufficiently  strong  to  write  notes 
to  all  who  had  felt  for  her  severe  suffering.  The  first 
joy  of  convalescence  is  of  gratitude,  and  the  second 
that  we  have  created  an  interest  and  compassion  among 
our  friends,  and  that  we  were  not  alone  as  we  struggled 


COKPLIMSNTABY   CASDS.  63 

with  disease.  Therefore  we  may  well  recommend  that 
this  card  should  become  a  fashion.  It  meets  a  uni- 
versal want. 

This  may  be  called  one  of  the  "cards  of  compli- 
ment"— a  phase  of  card-leaving  to  which  we  have 
hardly  reached  in  this  country.  It  is  even  more,  \$,  is 
a  heartfelt  and  friendly  blossom  of  etiquette,  "just 
out,"  as  we  say  of  the  apple-blossoms. 

Now  as  to  the  use  of  it  by  the  afflicted:  why  would 
it  not  be  well  for  persons  who  have  lost  a  friend  also 

to  have  such  a  card  engraved  ?    "  Mr.  R begs  to 

express  his  thanks  for  your  kind  sympathy  in  his  re- 
cent bereavement,"  etc.  It  would  save  a  world  of 
letter- writing  to  a  person  who  does  not  care  to  write 
letters,  and  it  would  be  a  very  pleasant  token  to  re- 
ceive when  all  other  such  tokens  are  impossible.  For 
people  leave  their  cards  on  a  mourner,  and  never  know 
whether  they  have  been  received  or  not.  Particularly 
is  this  true  of  apartment-houses;  and  when  people  live 
in  hotels,  who  knows  whether  the  card  ever  reaches  its 
destination  ?  We  generally  find  that  it  has  not  done 
so,  if  we  have  the  courage  to  make  the  inquiry. 

Those  cards  which  we  send  by  a  servant  to  make 
the  necessary  inquiries  for  a  sick  friend,  for  the  happy 
mother  and  the  new-born  baby,  are  essentially  "  cards 
of  compliment."  In  excessively  ceremonious  circles 
the  visits  of  ceremony  on  these  occasions  are  very 
elaborate — as  at  the  Court  of  Spain,  for  instance;  and 
a  lady  of  New  York  was  once  much  amused  at  receiv- 
ing the  card  of  a  superb  Spanish  official,  who  called  on 
her  newly  arrived  daughter  when  the  latter  was  three 
days  old,  leaving  a  card  for  the  "  new  daughter."    He 


64  MAKNSSS  AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

of  course  left  a  card  for  the  happy  mamma,  and  did 
not  ask  to  go  farther  than  the  door,  bat  he  came  in 
state. 

In  England  the  "  family  "  were  wont  to  send  christen- 
ing cards  after  a  birth,  but  this  has  never  been  the  fash- 
ion in  this  country,  and  it  is  disappearing  in  England. 
The  complimentary  card  issued  for  such  events  is  now 
generally  an  invitation  to  partake  of  caudle — a,  very 
delicious  porridge  made  of  oatmeal  and  raisins,  brandy, 
spices,  and  sugar,  and  formally  served  in  the  lady's 
chamber  before  the  month's  seclusion  is  broken.  It 
will  be  remembered  that  Tom  Thumb  was  dropped 
into  a  bowl  of  fermity,  which  many  antiquarians  sup- 
pose to  have  been  caudle.  Nowadays  a  caudle  party 
is  a  very  gay,  dressy  affair,  and  given  about  six  weeks 
after  young  master  or  mistress  is  ready  to  be  congratu- 
lated or  condoled  with  on  his  or  her  entrance  upon  this 
mundane  sphere.  We  find  in  English  books  of  etiquette 
very  formal  directions  as  to  these  cards  of  compliment. 
*^  Cards  to  inquire  afler  friends  during  illness  must  be 
left  in  person,  and  not  sent  by  post.  On  a  lady's  visit- 
ing-card must  be  written  above  the  printed  name,  *  To 
inquire,'  and  nothing  else  should  be  added  to  these 
words." 

For  the  purpose  of  returning  thanks,  printed  cards 
are  used  with  the  owner's  name  written  above  the 
printed  words.  These  printed  cards  are  generally  sent 
by  post,  as  they  are  despatched  while  the  pehon  in- 
quired after  is  still  an  invalid.  These  cards  are  also 
used  to  convey  the  intelligence  of  the  sender's  recovery. 
Therefore  they  would  not  be  sent  while  the  person  was 
in  danger  or  seriously  ill. 


CABDS-  OF  CONDOLENCE.  65 

But  this  has  always  seemed  to  us  a  very  poor  and 
business-like  way  of  returning  "  kind  inquiries."  The 
printed  card  looks  cheap.     Far  better  the  engraved 

and  carefully  prepared  card  of  Mrs. ,  which  has 

the  effect  of  a  personal  compliment. 

We  do  not  in  this  country  send  those  hideous  funeral 
or  memorial  cards  which  are  sold  in  England  at  every 
stationer's  to  apprise  one's  friends  of  a  death  in  the 
family.  There  is  no  need  of  this,  as  the  newspapers 
spread  the  sad  intelligence. 

There  is,  however,  a  very  elaborate  paper  called  a 
^"^  f aire  party'*  issued  in  both  England  and  France  after 
a  death,  in  which  the  mourner  announces  to  you  the 
lamented  decease  of  some  person  connected  with  him. 
Also  on  the  occasion  of  a  marriage,  these  elaborate  pa- 
pers, engraved  on  a  large  sheet  of  letter-paper,  are  sent 
to  all  one's  acquaintances  in  England  and  on  the  Con- 
tinent. 

Cards  of  condolence  can  be  left  the  week  after  the 
event  which  occasions  them.  Personal  visits  are  only 
made  by  relatives  or  very  intimate  friends,  who  will 
of  course  be  their  own  judges  of  the  propriety  of 
speaking  fully  of  the  grief  which  has  desolated  the 
house.  The  cards  are  left  at  the  door  by  the  person 
inquiring  for  the  afflicted  persons,  and  one  card  is  as 
good  as  half  a  dozen.  It  is  not  necessary  to  deluge  a 
mourning  family  with  cards.  These  cards  need  not 
be  returned  for  a  year,  unless  our  suggestion  be  fol- 
lowed, and  the  card  engraved  as  we  have  indicated, 
and  then  sent  by  post.  It  is  not  yet  a  fashion,  but  it 
is  in  the  air,  and  deserves  to  be  one. 

Cards  of  congratulation  are  left  in  person,  and  if  the 


66  MANNERS    AKD   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

ladies  are  at  home  the  visitor  should  go  in,  and  be 
hearty  in  his  or  her  good  wishes.  For  such  visits  a 
card  sent  by  post  would,  among  intimate  friends,  be 
considered  cold-blooded.  It  must  at  least  be  left  in 
person. 

Now  as  to  cards  of  ceremony.  These  are  to  be  for- 
warded to  those  who  have  sent  invitations  to  weddings, 
carefully  addressed  to  the  person  who  invites  you;  also 
after  an  entertainment  to  which  you  have  been  asked, 
within  a  week  after  a  dinner  (this  must  be  a  personal 
visit),  and  on  the  lady's  "  day,"  if  she  has  one;  and  we 
may  add  here  that  if  on  making  a  call  a  lady  sees  that 
she  is  not  recognized,  she  should  hasten  to  give  her 
name.  (This  in  answer  to  many  inquiries.)  Only 
calls  of  pure  ceremony  are  made  by  handing  in  cards, 
as  at  a  tea  or  general  reception,  etc.  When  cards  have 
been  left  once  in  the  season  they  need  not  be  left 
again. 

Under  the  mixed  heads  of  courtesy  and  compliment 
should  be  those  calls  made  to  formally  announce  a  be- 
trothal. The  parents  leave  the  cards  of  the  betrothed 
pair,  with  their  own,  on  all  the  connections  and  friends 
of  the  two  families.  This  is  a  formal  announcement, 
and  all  who  receive  this  intimation  should  make  a  con- 
gratulatory visit  if  possible. 

As  young  people  are  often  asked  without  their  par- 
ents, the  question  arises,  What  should  the  parents  do 
to  show  their  sense  of  this  attention?  They  should 
leave  or  send  their  cards  with  those  of  their  children 
who  have  received  the  invitation.  These  are  cards  of 
courtesy.  Cards  ought  not  to  be  left  on  the  daughters 
of  a  family  without  also  including  the  parents  in  cour- 


GABDS   OF    CEBEMONY.  67 

teoas  formality.  Gentlemen,  when  calling  on  any 
number  of  ladies,  send  in  only  one  card,  and  cards  left 
on  a  reception  day  where  a  person  is  visiting  are  not 
binding  on  the  visitor  to  return.  No  separate  card  is 
left  on  a  guest  on  reception  days. 

When  returning  visits  of  ceremony,  as  the  first  visit 
after  a  letter  of  introduction,  or  as  announcing  your 
arrival  in  town  or  your  intended  departure,  one  may 
leave  a  card  at  the  door  without  inquiring  for  the  lady. 

Attention  to  these  little  things  is  a  proof  at  once  of 
self-respect  and  of  respect  for  one's  friends.  They 
80on  become  easy  matters  of  habit,  and  of  memory. 
To  the  well-bred  they  are  second  nature.  No  one  who 
is  desirous  of  pleasing  in  society  should  neglect  them. 

A  lady  should  never  call  on  a  gentleman  unless  pro- 
fessionally or  officially.  She  should  knock  at  his  door, 
send  in  her  card,  and  be  as  ceremonious  as  possible,  if 
lawyer,  doctor,  or  clergyman.  On  entering  a  crowded 
drawing-room  it  may  be  impossible  to  find  the  hostess 
at  once,  so  that  in  many  fine  houses  in  New  York  the 
custom  of  announcing  the  name  has  become  a  neces- 
sary fashion.  It  is  impossible  to  attempt  to  be  polite 
without  cultivating  a  good  memory.  The  absent  or 
self-absorbed  person  who  forgets  names  and  faces,  who 
recalls  unlucky  topics,  confuses  relationships,  speaks  of 
the  dead  as  if  they  were  living,  or  talks  about  an  un- 
lucky adventure  in  the  family,  who  plunges  into  per- 
sonalities, who  metaphorically  treads  on  a  person's  toes, 
will  never  succeed  in  society.  He  must  consider  his 
"  cards  of  courtesy." 

The  French  talk  of  ^^la  politesse  du  foyer. ^^  They 
are  full  of  it.     Small  sacrifices,  little  courtesies,  a  kind- 


68  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

I7  spirit,  insignificant  attentions,  self-control,  an  allow- 
ance for  the  failings  of  others — these  go  to  make  up 
the  elegance  of  life.  True  politeness  has  its  roots  very 
deep.  We  should  not  cultivate  politeness  merely  from 
a  wish  to  please,  but  because  we  would  consider  the 
feelings  and  spare  the  time  of  others.  Cards  of  com- 
pliment and  courtesy,  therefore,  save  time  as  well  as 
express  a  kindly  remembrance.  Everything  in  our 
busy  world — or  "  whirl,"  as  some  people  call  it — that 
does  these  two  things  is  a  valuable  discovery. 

A  card  is  always  sent  with  flowers,  books,  bonbon- 
nitres,  game,  sweetmeats,  fruits — any  of  the  small 
gifts  which  are  freely  offered  among  intimate  friends. 
But  in  acknowledging  these  gifts  or  attentions  a  card 
is  not  a  sufficient  return.  Nor  is  it  proper  to  write 
"  regrets  "  or  "  accepts  "  on  a  card.  A  note  should 
be  written  in  either  case. 

A  card  of  any  sort  must  be  scrupulously  plain. 
Wedding  cards  should  be  as  simple  and  unostentatious 
as  possible. 

The  ceremony  of  paying  visits  and  of  leaving  cards 
has  been  decided  by  the  satirist  as  meaningless,  stupid, 
and  useless;  but  it  underlies  the  very  structure  of  so- 
ciety. Visits  of  form,  visits  of  ceremony,  are  abso- 
lutely necessary.  You  can  hardly  invite  people  to 
your  house  until  you  have  called  and  have  left  a  card. 
And  thus  one  has  a  safeguard  against  intrusive  and 
undesirable  acquaintances.  To  stop  an  acquaintance, 
one  has  but  to  stop  leaving  cards.  It  is  thus  done 
quietly  but  securely. 

Gentlemen  who  have  no  time  to  call  should  be  repre- 
sented by  their  cards.     These  may  well  be  trusted  to 


CABDS   INDISPENSABLE.  69 

the  hands  of  wife,  mother,  daughter,  sister,  but  should 
be  punctiliously  left. 

The  card  may  well  be  noted  as  belonging  only  to  a 
high  order  of  development.  No  monkey,  no  "  missing 
link,"  no  Zulu,  no  savage,  carries  a  card.  It  is  the 
tool  of  civilization,  its  "  field-mark  and  device."  It 
may  be  improved;  it  may  be,  and  has  been,  abused; 
but  it  cannot  be  dispensed  with  under  our  present  en- 
vironment. Of  course,  there  are  differences  of  opinion 
as  to  the  size  and  shape  of  cards,  when  they  should  be 
left,  and  so  on,  but  the  general  and  inherent  principles 
of  good  etiquette  are  all  mentioned  in  these  chapters. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

THE   ETIQUETTE   OP   WEDDINGS. 

Scarcely  a  week  passes  during  the  year  that  the 
fashionable  journals  do  not  publish  "  answers  to  cor- 
respondents "  on  that  subject  of  all  others  most  in- 
teresting to  young  ladies,  the  etiquette  of  weddings. 
No  book  can  tell  the  plain  truth  with  sufficient  em- 
phasis, that  the  etiquette  at  a  grand  wedding  is  al- 
ways the  same.  The  next  day  some  one  writes  to  a 
newspaper  again, 

"Shall  the  ^bridegroom  wear  a  dress -coat  at  the 
hour  of  eleven  a.m.,  and  who  pays  for  the  wedding- 
cards  ?"  Always  the  bride's  family.  The  wedding  of 
to-day  in  England  has  "set  the  fashion"  for  America. 
No  man  ever  puts  on  a  dress  -  coat  before  his  seven- 
o'clock  dinner,  therefore  every  bridegroom  is  dressed  in 
a  frock-coat  and  light  trousers  of  any  pattern  he  pleases; 
in  other  words,  he  wears  a  formal  morning  dress,  drives 
to  the  church  with  his  best  man,  and  awaits  the  arrival 
of  the  bride  in  the  vestry-room.  He  may  wear  gloves 
or  not  as  he  chooses.  The  best  man  is  the  intimate 
friend,  sometimes  the  brother,  of  the  groom.  He 
accompanies  him  to  the  church,  as  we  have  said,  fol- 
lows him  to  the  altar,  stands  at  his  right  hand  a 
little  behind  him,  and  holds  his  hat  during  the  mar- 
riage-service.    After  that  is  ended  he  pays  the  cler- 


FORMS    OBSBEVBD   AT  WEDDINGS.  71 

gyman's  fee,  accompanies,  in  a  coup6  by  himself,  the 
bridal  party  home,  and  then  assists  the  ushers  to  in- 
troduce friends  to  the  bridal  pair. 

The  bridegroom  is  allowed  to  make  what  presents 
he  pleases  to  the  bride,  and  to  send  something  in  the 
nature  of  a  fan,  a  locket,  a  ring,  or  a  bouquet  to  the 
bridesmaids;  he  has  also  to  buy  the  wedding-ring, 
and,  of  course,  he  sends  a  bouquet  to  the  bride  and  to 
the  bridesmaids ;  but  be  is  not  to  furnish  cards  or 
carriages  or  the  wedding-breakfast;  this  is  all  done 
by  the  bride's  family.  In  England  the  groom  is  ex- 
pected to  drive  the  bride  away  in  his  own  carriage, 
but  in  America  even  that  is  not  often  allowed. 

The  bride  meantime  is  dressed  in  gorgeous  array, 
generally  in  white  satin,  with  veil  of  point-lace  and 
orange  blossoms,  and  is  driven  to  the  church  in  a  car- 
riage with  her  father,  who  gives  her  away.  Her 
mother  and  other  relatives  having  preceded  her  take 
the  front  seats.  Her  bridesmaids  should  also  precede 
her,  and  await  her  in  the  chancel  of  the  church. 

The  ushers  then  proceed  to  form  the  procession 
with  which  almost  all  city  weddings  are  begun.  The 
ushers  first,  two  and  two ;  then  the  bridesmaids,  two 
and  two  ;  then  some  pretty  children — ^bridesmaids  un- 
der ten ;  and  then  the  bride,  leaning  on  her  father's 
right  arm.  Sometimes  the  child  bridesmaids  precede 
the  others.  As  the  cortege  reaches  the  lowest  altar- 
step  the  ushers  break  ranks  and  go  to  the  right  and 
left ;  the  bridesmaids  also  separate,  going  to  the  right 
and  left,  leaving  a  space  for  the  bridal  pair.  As  the 
bride  reaches  the  lowest  step  the  bridegroom  ad- 
vances, takes  her  by  her  right  hand,  and  conducts  hei 


72  HANNEBS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

to  the  altar,  where  they  both  kneel.  The  clergyman, 
being  already  in  his  place,  signifies  to  them  whan  to 
rise,  and  then  proceeds  to  make  the  twain  one. 

The  bridal  pair  walk  down  the  aisle  arm-in  arm, 
and  are  immediately  conducted  to  the  carriage  and 
driven  home ;  the  rest  follow.  In  some  cases,  but 
rarely  in  this  country,  a  bridal  register  is  signed  in 
the  vestry. 

Formerly  brides  removed  the  whole  glove;  now 
they  adroitly  cut  the  finger  of  the  left-hand  glove,  so 
that  they  can  remove  that  without  pulling  off  the 
whole  glove  for  the  ring.  Such  is  a  church  wedding, 
performed  a  thousand  times  alike.  The  organ  peals 
forth  the  wedding-march,  the  clergyman  pronounces 
the  necessary  vows  to  slow  music,  or  not,  as  the  con- 
tracting parties  please.  Music,  however,  adds  very 
much  to  this  ceremony.  In  a  marriage  at  home,  the 
bridesmaids  and  best  man  are  usually  dispensed  with. 
The  clergyman  enters  and  faces  the  company,  the 
bridal  pair  follow  and  face  him.  After  the  ceremony 
the  clergyman  retires,  and  the  wedded  pair  receive 
congratulations. 

An  attempt  has  been  made  in  America  to  introduce 
the  English  fashion  of  a  wedding-breakfast.  It  is 
not  as  yet  acclimated,  but  it  is,  perhaps,  well  to  de- 
scribe here  the  proper  etiquette.  The  gentlemen  and 
ladies  who  are  asked  to  this  breakfast  should  be  ap- 
prised of  that  honor  a  fortnight  in  advance,  and 
should  accept  or  decline  immediately,  as  it  has  all  the 
formality  of  a  dinner,  and  seats  are,  of  course,  very 
important.  On  arriving  at  the  house  where  the  break- 
fast is  to  be  held,  the  gentlemen  leave  their  hats  in 


DBINKIN6   HEALTHS.  73 

the  hally  but  ladies  do  not  remove  their  bonnets.  Af< 
ter  greeting  the  bride  and  bridegroom,  and  the  father 
and  mother,  the  company  converse  for  a  few  moments 
until  breakfast  is  announced.  Then  the  bride  and 
groom  go  first,  followed  by  the  bride's  father  with 
the  groom's  mother,  then  the  groom's  father  with 
the  bride's  mother,  then  the  best  man  with  the  first 
bridesmaid,  then  the  bridesmaids  with  ushers,  who 
have  been  invited  for  this  honor,  and  then  the  other 
invited  guests,  as  the  bride's  mother  has  arranged. 
Bouillon,  salads,  birds,  oysters,  and  other  hot  and 
cold  dishes,  ices,  jellies,  etc.,  are  served  at  this 
breakfast,  together  with  champagne  and  other 
wines,  and  finally  the  wedding  -  cake  is  set  before 
the  bride,  and  she  cuts  a  slice.  Coffee  is  served 
last. 

The  health  of  the  bride  and  groom  is  then  proposed 
by  the  gentleman  chosen  for  this  office,  generally  the 
father  of  the  groom,  and  responded  to  by  the  father 
of  the  bride.  The  groom  is  sometimes  expected  to 
respond,  and  he  proposes  the  health  of  the  brides- 
maids, for  which  the  best  man  returns  thanks.  Unless 
all  are  unusually  happy  speakers,  this  is  apt  to  be  awk« 
ward,  and  "  stand-up "  breakfasts  are  far  more  com- 
monly served,  as  the  French  say,  en  buffet.  In  the 
first  place,  the  possibility  of  asking  more  people  com* 
mends  this  latter  practice,  and  it  is  far  less  trouble  to 
serve  a  large,  easy  collation  to  a  number  of  people 
standing  about  than  to  furnish  what  is  really  a  din« 
ner  to  a  number  sitting  down. 

Wedding  presents 'are  sent  any  time  within  two 
months  before  the  wedding,  the  earlier  the  better^  as 


74  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

many  brides  like  to  arrange  their  own  tables  artisti- 
cally, if  the  presents  are  shown.  Also,  all  brides 
should  write  a  personal  note  thanking  each  giver  for 
his  gift,  be  it  large  or  small. 

Wedding  presents  have  now  become  almost  absurd- 
ly gorgeous.  The  old  fashion,  which  was  started 
among  the  frugal  Dutch,  of  giving  the  young  couple 
their  household  gear  and  a  sum  of  money  with  which 
to  begin,  has  now  degenerated  into  a  very  bold  dis- 
play of  wealth  and  ostentatious  generosity,  so  that 
friends  of  moderate  means  are  afraid  to  send  any- 
thing. Even  the  cushion  on  which  a  wealthy  bride 
in  New  York  was  lately  expected  to  kneel  was  so 
elaborately  embroidered  with  pearls  that  she  visibly 
hesitated  to  press  it  with  her  knee  at  the  altar.  Sil- 
ver and  gold  services,  too  precious  to  be  trusted  to 
ordinary  lock  and  key,  are  displayed  at  the  wedding 
and  immediately  sent  off  to  some  convenient  safe. 
This  is  one  of  the  necessary  and  inevitable  over- 
growths of  a  luxury  which  we  have  not  yet  learned 
to  manage.  In  France  they  do  things  better,  those 
nearest  of  kin  subscribing  a  sum  of  money,  which 
is  sent  to  the  bride's  mother,  who  expends  it  in 
the  bridal  trousseau,  or  in  jewels  or  silver,  as  the 
bride  pleases. 

So  far  has  this  custom  transcended  good  taste  that 
now  many  persons  of  i:efined  minds  hesitate  to  show 
the  presents. 

After  giving  an  hour  and  a  half  to  her  guests,  the 
bride  retires  to  change  her  dress ;  generally  her  most 
intimate  friends  accompany  her.  She  soon  returns 
in  her  travelling-dress,  and  is  met  at  the  foot  of  the 


WBDDING-PAVORS.  75 

Stairs  by  the  groom,  who  has  also  changed  his  dress. 
The  father,  mother,  and  intimate  friends  kiss  the 
bride,  and,  as  the  happy  pair  drive  off,  a  shower  of 
satin  slippers  and  rice  follows  them.  If  one  slippei 
alights  on  the  top  of  the  carriage,  luck  is  assured  to 
them  forever. 

Wedding-cake  is  no  longer  sent  about.  It  is  neatly 
packed  in  boxes ;  each  guest  takes  one,  if  she  likes,  as 
she  leaves  the  house. 

Wedding-favors  made  of  white  ribbon  and  artifi- 
cial  flowers  are  indispensable  in  England,  but  Amer- 
ica has  had  the  good  taste  to  abjure  them  until  lately. 
Such  ornaments  are  used  for  the  horses'  ears  and  the 
servants'  coats  in  this  country.  Here  the  groom  weara 
a  hotUonni^re  of  natural  flowers. 

A  widow  should  never  be  accompanied  by  brides- 
maids,  or  wear  a  veil  or  orange-blossoms  at  her  mar* 
riage.  She  should  at  church  wear  a  colored  silk  and 
a  bonnet.  She  should  be  attended  by  her  father, 
brother,  or  some  near  friend. 

It  is  proper  for  her  to  remove  her  first  wedding- 
ring,  as  the  wearing  of  that  cannot  but  be  painful  to 
the  bridegroom. 

If  married  at  home,  the  widow  bride  may  wear  a 
light  silk  and  be  bonnetless,  but  she  should  not  in- 
dulge in  any  of  the  signs  of  first  bridal. 

It  is  an  exploded  idea  that  of  allowing  every  one  to 
kiss  the  bride.  It  is  only  meet  that  the  near  rela' 
tives  do  that. 

The  formula  for  wedding-cards  is  generally  this : 


76  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES.   . 

Jfr.  and  Mrs.  Brown 

request  ths  pleasure  of  your  company 

at  the  wedding  of  their  daughter  Maria  to  John  Stanley, 

at  Ascension  Church, 

on  Tuesday,  Nowmber  fifteenth, 

at  two  o'dock. 

These  invitations  are  engraved  on  note-paper. 

If  friends  are  invited  to  a  wedding-breakfast  or 
a  reception  at  the  house,  that  fact  is  stated  on  a 
separate  card,  which  is  enclosed  in  the  same  enve- 
lope. 

Of  course  in  great  cities,  with  a  large  acquaintance, 
many  are  asked  to  the  church  and  not  to  the  house. 
This  fact  should  never  give  offence. 

The  smaUer  card  runs  in  this  fashion : 

B/ccepUon 
ai  99  B  Street,  at  half  past  two. 

To  these  invitations  the  invited  guests  make  no  re- 
sponse save  to  go  or  to  leave  cards.  All  invited 
guests,  however,  are  expected  to  call  on  the  young 
couple  and  to  invite  them  during  the  year. 

Of  course  there  are  quieter  weddings  and  very 
simple  arrangements  as  to  serving  refreshments :  a 
wedding-cake  and  a  decanter  of  sherry  often  are 
alone  offered  to  the  witnesses  of  a  wedding. 

Many  brides  prefer  to  be  married  in  travelling- 
dress  and  hat,  and  leave  immediately,  without  con- 
gratulations. 

The  honey-moon  in  our  busy  land  is  usually  only  a 
fortnight  in  the  sky,  and  some  few  bridal  pairs  prefer 
to  spend  it  at  the  quiet  country  house  of  a  friend,  as 


SUITABLE  TIME   FOB  HABBIAOS.  ^7 

is  the  English  fashion.  But  others  make  a  hurried 
trip  to  Niagara,  or  to  the  Thousand  Islands,  or  go 
to  Europe,  as  the  ease  may  be.  It  is  extraordinary 
that  none  stay  at  home ;  in  beginning  a  new  life  all 
agree  that  a  change  of  place  is  the  first  requisite. 

After  the  return  home,  bridal  dinners  and  parties 
are  offered  to  the  bride,  and  she  is  treated  with  dis- 
tinction for  three  months.  Her  path  is  often  strewed 
with  flowers  from  the  church  to  her  own  door,  and  it  is, 
metaphorically,  so  adorned  during  the  first  few  weeks 
of  married  life.  Every  one  hastens  to  welcome  her  to 
her  new  condition,  and  she  has  but  to  smile  and  ac- 
cept the  amiable  congratulations  and  attentions  which 
are  showered  upon  her.  Let  her  parents  remember, 
however,  in  sending  cards  after  the  wedding,  to  let 
the  bride's  friends  know  where  she  can  be  found  in 
her  married  estate. 

Now  as  to  the  time  for  the  marriage.  There  is 
something  exquisitely  poetical  in  the  idea  of  a  June 
wedding.  It  is  the  very  month  for  the  softer  emo- 
tions and  for  the  wedding  journey.  In  England  it  is 
the  favorite  month  for  marriages.  May  is  consid- 
ered unlucky,  and  in  an  old  almanac  of  1678  we  find 
the  following  notice :  "  Times  prohibiting  marriage : 
Marriage  comes  in  on  the  13th  day  of  January  and 
at  Septuagesima  Sunday;  it  is  out  again  until  Low 
Sunday,  at  which  time  it  comes  in  again  and  goes  not 
out  until  Rogation  Sunday.  Thence  it  is  forbidden 
until  Trinity  Sunday,  from  whence  it  is  unforbidden 
until  Advent  Sunday;  but  then  it  goes  out  and  comes 
not  in  again  until  the  13th  of  January  next  follow- 
ing." 


78  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Our  brides  have,  however,  all  seasons  for  their  own, 
excepting  May,  as  we  have  said,  and  Friday,  an  un- 
lucky day.  The  month  of  roses  has  very  great  rec- 
ommendations. The  ceremony  is  apt  to  be  performed 
in  the  country  at  a  pretty  little  church,  which  lends 
its  altar-rails  gracefully  to  wreaths,  and  whose  Gothic 
windows  open  upon  green  lawns  and  trim  gardens. 
The  bride  and  her  maids  can  walk  over  the  delicate 
sward  without  soiling  their  slippers,  and  an  opportu- 
nity offers  for  carrying  parasols  made  entirely  of  flow- 
ers. But  if  it  is  too  far  to  walk,  the  bride  is  driven 
to  church  in  her  father's  carriage  with  him  alone, 
her  mother,  sisters,  and  bridesmaids  having  preceded 
her.  In  England  etiquette  requires  that  the  bride 
and  groom  should  depart  from  the  church  in  the 
groom's  carriage.  It  is  strict  etiquette  there  that  the 
groom  furnish  the  carriage  with  which  they  return 
to  the  wedding-breakfast  and  afterwards  depart  in 
state,  with  many  wedding-favors  on  the  horses'  heads, 
and  huge  white  bouquets  on  the  breasts  of  coachman 
and  footman. 

It  is  in  England,  also,  etiquette  to  drive  with  four 
horses  to  the  place  where  the  honey -moon  is  to  be 
spent ;  but  in  America  the  drive  is  generally  to  the 
nearest  railway-station. 

Let  us  give  a  further  sketch  of  the  duties  of  the 
best  man.  He  accompanies  the  groom  to  the  church 
and  stands  near  him,  waiting  at  the  altar,  until  the 
bride  arrives;  then  he  holds  the  groom's  hat.  He 
signs  the  register  afterwards  as  witness,  and  pays  the 
clergyman's  fee,  and  then  follows  the  bridal  proces- 
sion out  of  the  church,  joining  the  party  at  the  house, 


DUTIES    OF  TH£    BEST  MAN.  79 

where  he  still  further  assists  the  groom  by  present* 
ing  the  guests.  The  bridesmaids  sometimes  form  a 
line  near  the  door  at  a  June  wedding,  allowing  the 
bride  to  walk  through  this  pretty  alley-way  to  the 
church. 

The  bridegroom's  relatives  sit  at  the  right  of  the 
altar  or  communion  rails,  thus  being  on  the  bride- 
groom's right  hand,  and  those  of  the  bride  sit  on  the 
left,  at  the  bride's  left  hand.  The  bridegroom  and 
best  man  stand  on  the  clergyman's  left  hand  at  the 
altar.  The  bride  is  taken  by  her  right  hand  by  the 
groom,  and  of  course  stands  on  his  left  hand ;  her  fa- 
ther stands  a  little  behind  her.  Sometimes  the  female 
relatives  stand  in  the  chancel  with  the  bridal  group, 
but  this  can  only  happen  in  a  very  large  church ;  and 
the  rector  must  arrange  this,  as  in  high  churches  the 
marriages  take  place  outside  the  chancel. 

After  the  ceremony  is  over  the  clergyman  bends 
over  and  congratulates  the  young  people.  The  bride 
then  takes  the  left  arm  of  the  groom,  and  passes 
down  the  aisle,  followed  by  her  bridesmaids  and  the 
ushers. 

Some  of  our  correspondents  have  asked  us  what  the 
best  man  is  doing  at  this  moment  ?  Probably  waiting 
in  tne  vestry,  or,  if  not,  he  hurries  down  a  side  aisle, 
gets  mto  a  carriage,  and  drives  to  the  house  where  the 
wedding  reception  is  to  be  held. 

October  is  a  good  month  for  both  city  and  country 
weddings.  In  our  climate,  the  brilliant  October  days, 
not  too  warm,  are  admirable  for  the  city  guests,  who 
are  invited  to  a  country  place  for  the  wedding,  and  cer- 
tain! v  it  is  a  pleasant  season  for  the  wedding  journey. 


80  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Travelling  costumes  for  brides  in  England  are  very 

elegant,  even  showy.    Velvet,  and  even  light  silks 

ftnd  satins,  are  used ;  but  in  our  country  plain  cloth 

and  cashmere  costumes  are  more  proper  and  more 

ashionable. 

For  weddings  in  families  where  a  death  has  recently 
accurred,  all  friends,  even  the  widowed  mother,  should 
lay  aside  their  mourning  for  the  ceremony,  appearing 
in  colors.  It  is  considered  unlucky  and  inappropriate 
to  wear  black  at  a  wedding.  In  our  country  a  wid- 
owed mother  appears  at  her  daughter's  wedding  in 
purple  velvet  or  silk ;  in  England  she  wears  deep 
cardinal  red,  which  is  considered,  under  these  circum- 
stances, to  be  mourning,  or  proper  for  a  person  who 
is  in  mourning. 

We  should  add  that  ushers  and  groomsmen  are  un- 
known at  an  English  wedding.  The  sexton  of  the 
church  performs  the  functions  which  are  attended  to 
here  by  ushers. 

Note.— The  young  people  who  are  about  to  be  married  make 
a  list  together  as  to  whom  cards  should  be  sent,  and  all  cards 
go  from  the  young  lady's  family.  No  one  thmks  it  strange  to 
get  cards  for  a  wedding.  A  young  lady  should  write  a  note  of 
thanks  to  every  one  who  sends  her  a  present  before  she  leaves 
home;  all  her  husband's  friends,  relatives,  etc.,  all  her  own, 
and  to  people  whom  she  does  not  know  these  notes  should  es- 
pecially be  written,  as  their  gifts  may  be  prompted  by  a  sense  of 
kindness  to  her  parents  or  herflance,  which  she  should  recog- 
nize. It  is  better  taste  to  write  these  notes  on  note-paper  than 
jm  cards.  It  is  not  necessary  to  send  cards  to  each  member  of 
a  family,  include  them  all  under  the  head  of  "Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Brown  and  family."  It  would  be  proper  for  a  young  lady  to 
send  her  cards  to  a  physician  under  whose  care  she  has  been  if 


NOTE   OF   THANKS   FOB  WBDDIN6  PBSSENTS.        81 

8lie  was  acquainted  with  him  socially,  but  it  is  not  expected 
when  the,  acquaintance  is  purely  professional.  A  fashionable 
and  popular  physician  would  be  swamped  with  wedding-cards 
if  that  were  the  custom.  If,  however,  one  wishes  to  show  grati- 
tude and  remembrance,  there  would  be  no  impropriety  in  send' 
ing  cards  to  such  a  gentleman. 

Gentlemen  have  discarded  jewelry  almost  entirely  in  the 
year  1900,  and  as  for  morning  dress  at  church,  they  even  wear 
calico  shirts,  with  white  collar  and  cuffs.  At  a  fashionable 
wedding  one  of  the  ushers,  a  very  stylish  man,  wore  a  pink 
shirt.  The  rest  of  his  costume — gray  trousers,  dark  vest.  Prince 
Albert  coat— was  perfect;  his  white  foulard  cravat  had  a  little 
pearl  pin  in  it,  but  the  pink  shirt  was  visible.  The  use  of  the 
Tuxedo  or  house  coat,  or  jacket,  is  increasing;  it  takes  the 
place  of  the  swallowtail  for  Sunday  evening  teas,  small  din- 
ners, and  informal  gatherings. 


CHAPTER  IX. 
"who  pays  foe  the  caeds?"* 

We  have  received  a  number  of  letters  from  our 
correspondents  asking  whether  the  groom  pays  for 
the  wedding  cards.  This  question  we  have  answered 
so  often  in  the  negative  that  we  think  it  well  to  ex- 
plain the  philosophy  of  the  etiquette  of  weddings, 
which  is  remotely  founded  on  the  early  savage  history 
of  mankind,  and  which  bears  fruit  in  our  later  and 
more  complex  civilization,  still  reminding  us  of  the 
past.  In  early  and  in  savage  days  the  man  sought  his 
bride  heroically,  and  carried  her  off  by  force.  The 
Tartar  still  does  this,  and  the  idea  only  was  improved 
in  patriarchal  days  by  the  purchase  of  the  bride  by 
the  labor  of  her  husband,  or  by  his  wealth  in  flocks 
and  herds.  It  is  still  a  theory  that  the  bride  is  thus 
carried  off.  Always,  therefore,  the  idea  has  been  cher- 
ished that  the  bride  is  something  carefully  guarded, 
and  the  groom  is  looked  upon  as  a  sort  of  friendly 
enemy,  who  comes  to  take  away  the  much-prized  ob- 
ject from  her  loving  and  jealous  family.  Thus  the 
long-cherished  theory  bears  fruit  in  the  English  cere- 
monial, where  the  only  carriage  furnished  by  the  groom 
is  the  one  in  which  he  drives  the  bride  away  to  the 

*  The  bride's  family. 


THE   GROOM    SHOULD   NOT   ATTEMPT  TOO   MUCH.     83 

spending  of  the  honeymoon.  Tip  to  that  time  he  has 
had  no  rights  of  proprietorship.  Even  this  is  not 
allowed  in  America  among  fashionable  people,  the 
bride's  father  sending  them  in  his  own  carriage  on  the 
first  stage  of  their  journey.  It  is  not  etiquette  for 
the  groom  to  furnish  anything  for  his  own  wedding 
but  the  ring  and  a  bouquet  for  the  bride,  presents  for 
the  bridesmaids  and  the  best  man,  and  some  token  to 
the  ushers.     He  pays  the  clergyman. 

He  should  not  pay  for  the  cards,  the  carriages,  the 
entertainment,  or  anything  connected  with  the  wed- 
ding. This  is  decided  in  the  high  court  of  etiquette. 
That  is  the  province  of  the  family  of  the  bride,  and 
should  be  insisted  upon.  If  they  are  not  able  to  do 
this,  there  should  be  no  wedding  and  no  cards.  It  is 
better  for  a  portionless  girl  to  go  to  the  altar  in  a 
travelling  dress,  and  to  send  out  no  sort  of  invitations 
or  wedding  cards,  than  to  allow  the  groom  to  pay  for 
them.  This  is  not  to  tlie  disparagement  of  the  rights 
of  the  groom.  It  is  simply  a  proper  and  universal 
etiquette. 

At  the  altar  the  groom,  if  he  is  a  millionaire,  makes 
his  wife  his  equal  by  saying,  "  With  all  my  worldly 
goods  I  thee  endow ;"  but  until  he  has  uttered  these 
words  she  has  no  claim  on  his  purse  for  clothes,  or 
cards,  or  household  furnishing,  or  anything  but  those 
articles  which  come  under  the  head  of  such  gifts  as  it 
is  a  lover's  province  to  give. 

A  very  precise,  old-time  aristocrat  of  New  York 
broke  her  daughter's  engagement  to  a  gentleman  be- 
cause he  brought  her  a  dress  from  Paris.  She  said,  if 
he  did  not  know  enough  not  to  give  her  daughter 


84  HANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

clothes  while  she  was  under  her  roof,  he  should  not 
have  her. 

This  is  an  exaggerated  feeling,  but  the  principle  is 
a  sound  one.  The  position  of  a  woman  is  so  delicate, 
the  relations  of  engaged  people  so  uncertain,  that  it 
would  bring  about  an  awkwardness  if  the  gentleman 
were  to  pay  for  the  shoes,  the  gowns,  the  cards  of  his 
betrothed. 

Suppose,  as  was  the  case  twice  last  winter,  that  an 
engagement  of  marriage  is  broken  after  the  cards  are 
out.  Who  is  to  repay  the  bridegroom  if  Ae  has  paid 
for  the  cards  ?  Should  the  father  of  the  bride  send 
him  a  check?  That  would  be  very  insulting,  yet  a 
family  would  feel  nervous  about  being  under  pecuniary 
indebtedness  to  a  discarded  son-in-law.  The  lady  can 
return  her  ring  and  the  gifts  her  lover  has  made  her  ; 
they  have  suffered  no  contact  that  will  injure  them. 
But  she  could  not  return  shoes  or  gowns  or  bonnets. 

It  is  therefore  wisely  ordered  by  etiquette  that  the 
lover  be  allowed  to  pay  for  nothing  that  could  not  be 
returned  to  him  without  loss,  if  the  engagement  were 
dissolved,  even  on  the  wedding  morning. 

Of  course  in  primitive  life  the  lover  may  pay  for 
his  lady-love,  as  we  will  say  in  the  case  of  a  pair  of 
young  people  who  come  together  in  a  humble  station. 
Such  marriages  are  common  in  America,  and  many  of 
these  pairs  have  mounted  to  the  very  highest  social 
rank.  But  they  must  not  attempt  anything  which  is 
in  imitation  of  the  etiquette  of  fashionable  life  unless 
they  can  do  it  well  and  thoroughly. 

Nothing  is  more  honorable  than  a  marriage  cele- 
brated in  the  presence  only  of  father,  mother,  and 


CONDUCT   OF  ENGAGED  COUPLES.  85 

priest.  Two  young  people  unwilling  or  unable  to 
have  splendid  dresses,  equipages^  cards,  and  ceremony, 
can  always  be  married  this  way,  and  go  to  the  Senate 
or  White  House  afterwards.  They  are  not  hampered 
by  it  hereafter.  But  the  bride  should  never  forget 
her  dignity.  She  should  never  let  the  groom  pay  for 
cards,  or  for  anything,  unless  it  is  the  marriage  license, 
wherever  it  is  needful  in  this  country,  and  the  clergy- 
man's fee.  If  she  does,  she  puts  herself  in  a  false  po- 
sition. 

A  very  sensible  observer,  writing  of  America  and 
its  young  people,  and  the  liberty  allowed  them,  says 
"  the  liberty,  or  the  license,  of  our  youth  will  have  to 
be  curtailed.  As  our  society  becomes  complex  and 
artificial,  like  older  societies  in  Europe,  our  children 
will  be  forced  to  approximate  to  them  in  status,  and 
parents  will  have  to  waken  to  a  sense  of  their  respon- 
sibilities." 

This  is  a  remark  which  applies  at  once  to  that  liberty 
permitted  to  engaged  couples  in  rural  neighborhoods, 
where  the  young  girl  is  allowed  to  go  on  a  journey  at 
her  lover's  expense.  A  girl's  natural  protectors  should 
know  better  than  to  allow  this.  They  know  that  her 
purity  is  her  chief  attraction  to  man,  and  that  a  cer- 
tain coyness  and  virginal  freshness  are  the  dowry  she 
should  bring  her  future  husband.  Suppose  that  this 
engagement  is  broken  off.  How  will  she  be  accepted 
by  another  lover  after  having  enjoyed  the  hospitality 
of  the  first  ?  Would  it  not  always  make  a  disagreea- 
ble feeling  between  the  two  men,  although  No.  2  might 
have  perfect  respect  for  the  girl  ? 

Etiquette  may  sometimes  make  blunders,  but  it  is 


86  MANNEBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

generally  based  on  a  right  principle,  and  here  it  is 
undoubtedly  founded  in  truth  and  justice.  In  other 
countries  this  truth  is  so  fully  realized  that  daughters 
are  guarded  by  the  vigilance  of  parents  almost  to  the 
verge  of  absurdity.  A  young  girl  is  never  allowed  to 
go  out  alone,  and  no  man  is  peimitted  to  enter  the 
household  until  his  character  has  undergone  the  closest 
scrutiny.  Marriage  is  a  unique  contract,  and  all  the 
various  wrongs  caused  by  hasty  marriages,  all  the 
troubles  before  the  courts,  all  the  divorces,  are  multi- 
plied by  the  carelessness  of  American  parents,  who, 
believing,  and  truly  believing,  in  the  almost  universal 
purity  of  their  daughters,  are  careless  of  the  fold,  not 
remembering  the  one  black  sheep. 

This  evil  of  excessive  liberty  and  of  the  lax  eti- 
quette of  our  young  people  cannot  be  rooted  out  by 
laws.  It  must  begin  at  the  hearth-stone.  Family  life 
must  be  reformed  ;  young  ladies  must  be 'brought  up 
with  greater  strictness.  The  bloom  of  innocence 
should  not  be  brushed  off  by  careless  hands.  If  a 
mother  leaves  her  daughter  matronless,  to  receive  at- 
tentions without  her  dignified  presence,  she  opens  the 
door  to  an  unworthy  man,  who  may  mean  marriage 
or  not.  He  may  be  a  most  unsuitable  husband  even 
if  he  does  mean  marriage.  If  he  takes  the  young  lady 
about,  paying  for  her  cab  hire,  her  theatre  tickets,  and 
her  joumeyings,  and  then  drops  her,  whom  have  they 
to  thank  but  themselves  that  her  bloom  is  brushed  off, 
that  her  character  suffers,  that  she  is  made  ridiculous, 
and  marries  some  one  whom  she  does  not  love,  for  a 
home. 

Men,  as  they  look  back  on  their  own  varied  expe- 


BEFOBB  AND  AFTBB  THE  WEDDING  CEREMONY.     87 

rience,  are  apt  to  remember  with  great  respect  the 
women  who  were  cold  and  distant.  They  love  the 
fruit  which  hung  the  highest,  the  flower  which  was 
guarded,  and  which  did  not  grow  under  their  feet  in 
*  the  highway.  They  look  back  with  vague  wonder 
that  they  were  ever  infatuated  with  a  fast  girl  who 
matured  into  a  vulgar  woman. 

And  we  must  remember  what  a  fatal  effect  upon 
man*iage  is  the  loosing  of  the  ties  of  respect.  Love 
without  trust  is  without  respect,  and  if  a  lover  has  not 
respected  his  Jtanc^,  he  will  never  respect  his  wife. 

It  is  the  privilege  of  the  bride  to  name  the  wedding 
day,  and  of  her  father  and  mother  to  pay  for  her 
trousseau.  After  the  wedding  invitations  are  issued 
she  does  not  appear  in  public. 

The  members  of  the  bride's  family  go  to  the  church 
before  the  bride ;  the  bridegroom  and  his  best  man 
await  them  at  the  altar. 

The  bride  comes  last,  with  her  father  or  brother, 
who  is  to  give  her  away.  She  is  joined  at  the  altar 
step  by  her  Jianc&y  who  takes  her  hand,  and  then  she 
becomes  his  for  life. 

All  these  trifles  mean  much,  as  any  one  can  learn  who 
goes  through  with  the  painful  details  of  a  divorce  suit. 

Now  when  the  circle  of  friends  on  both  sides  is  very 
extensive,  it  has  of  late  become  customary  to  send  in- 
vitations to  some  who  are  not  called  to  the  wedding 
breakfast  to  attend  the  ceremony  in  church.  This 
sometimes  takes  the  place  of  issuing  cards.  No  one 
thinks  of  calling  on  the  newly  married  who  has  not 
received  either  an  invitation  to  the  ceremony  at  church 
or  cards  after  their  establishment  in  their  new  home. 


88  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Now  ODe  of  our  correspondents  writes  to  us,  "  Who 
pays  for  the  after-cards  ?" 

In  most  cases  these  are  ordered  with  the  other 
cards,  and  the  bride's  mother  pays  for  them.  But  if 
they  are  ordered  after  the  marriage,  the  groom  may 
pay  for  these  as  he  would  pay  for  his  wife's  ordinary 
expenses.  Still,  it  is  stricter  etiquette  that  even  these 
should  be  paid  for  by  the  bride's  family. 

People  who  are  asked  to  the  wedding  send  cards  to 
the  house  if  they  cannot  attend,  and  in  any  case  send 
or  leave  cards  within  ten  days  after,  unless  they  are 
in  very  deep  mourning,  when  a  dispensation  is  granted 
them. 

The  etiquette  of  a  wedding  at  home  does  not  differ 
at  all  from  the  etiquette  of  a  wedding  in  church  with 
regard  to  cards.  A  great  confusion  seems  to  exist  in 
the  minds  of  some  of  our  correspondents  as  to  whom 
they  shall  send  their  return  cards  on  being  invited  to 
a  wedding.  Some  ask :  ^'  Shall  I  send  them  to  the 
bride,  as  I  do  not  know  her  mother?"  Certainly 
not ;  send  them  to  whomsoever  invites  you.  After- 
wards call  on  the  bride  or  send  her  cards,  but  the  first 
and  important  card  goes  to  the  lady  who  gives  the 
wedding. 

The  order  of  the  religious  part  of  the  ceremony  is 
fixed  by  the  church  in  which  it  occurs.  The  groom 
must  call  on  the  rector  or  clergyman,  see  the  organist, 
and  make  what  arrangements  the  bride  pleases,  but, 
we  repeat,  all  eapenseSy  excepting  the  fee  to  the  clergy- 
man, are  borne  by  the  bride's  family. 

The  sexton  should  see  to  it  that  the  white  ribbon  is 
stretched  across  the  aisle,  that  the  awning  and  carpet 


WEDDING-CABDS.  89 

are  in  place,  and  it  would  be  well  if  the  police  regula- 
tions could  extend  to  the  group  of  idlers  who  crowd 
around  the  church  door, -to  the  great  inconvenience  of 
the  guests. 

A  wedding  invitation  requires  no  answer,  unless  it 
be  to  a  sit-down  wedding  breakfast.  Cards  left  after- 
wards are  all-sufficient.  The  separate  cards  of  the 
bride  and  groom  are  no  longer  included  in  the  invita- 
tion. Nothing  black  in  the  way  of  dress  but  the  gen- 
tlemen's coats  is  admissible  at  a  wedding. 

Announcement  cards  should  be  issued  by  the  par- 
ents of  the  bride  after  a  wedding,  and  sent  to  all  those 
friends  who  were  not  asked  to  the  wedding,  whose 
acquaintance  it  is  desirable  to  keep. 

The  form  is  this : 

Mr,  and  Mrs.  Brown  Janes 
cmnounce  the  marriage  of  thsir  daughter 

CatTierine 
to  Mr.  Joseph  PleoMinton, 

on  April  f^th,  1900, 
at  Bochesier^  New  York. 


CHAPTER  X. 

WEDDINGS   AFTER   EASTEB. 

Wb  may  expect  a  great  deal  of  color  in  the  coming 
bridal  trousseau,  beginning  at  the  altar.  The  brides- 
maids have  thus  lost  one  chance  of  distinguishing 
themselves  by  a  different  and  a  colored  dress.  But 
although  some  eccentric  brides  may  choose  to  be  mar- 
ried in  pink,  we  cannot  but  believe,  from  the  beautiful 
dresses  which  we  have  seen,  that  the  greater  number 
will  continue  to  be  wedded  in  white ;  therefore  dress- 
makers need  not  turn  pale. 

And  all  our  brides  may  rejoice  that  they  are  not 
French  brides.  It  is  very  troublesome  to  be  married 
in  France,  especially  if  one  of  the  high  contracting 
parties  be  a  foreigner.  A  certificate  of  baptism  is  re- 
quired, togelher  with  that  of  the  marriage  of  the  father 
and  mother,  and  a  written  consent  of  the  grandfather 
and  grandmother,  if  either  is  alive  and  the  parents 
dead.  The  names  of  the  parties  are  then  put  up  on 
the  door  of  the  mairiey  or  mayor's  office,  for  eleven 
days. 

In  England  there  are  four  ways  of  getting  married. 
The  first  is  by  special  license,  which  enables  two  peo- 
ple to  be  married  at  any  time  and  at  any  place ;  but 
this  is  very  expensive,  costing  fifty  pounds,  and  is  only 
obtainable  through  an  archbishop.     Then  there*  in  tb^ 


EASE    WITH    WHICH   THE    KNOT   IS   TIED.  91 

ordinary  license,  which  can  be  procured  either  at  Doc- 
tors' Commons  or  through  a  clergyman,  who  must  also 
be  a  surrogate,  and  resident  in  the  diocese  where  the 
marriage  is  to  take  place;  both  parties  must  swear  that 
they  are  of  age,  or,  if  minors,  that  they  have  the  con- 
sent of  their  parents.  But  to  be  married  by  banns  is 
considered  the  most  orthodox  as  well  as  the  most  eco- 
nomical way  of  proceeding.  The  banns  must  be  pub- 
lished in  the  church  of  the  parish  in  which  the  lady 
lives  for  three  consecutive  Sundays  prior  to  the  mar- 
riage, also  the  same  law  holds  good  for  the  gentleman, 
and  the  parties  must  have  resided  fifteen  days  in  the 
parish.  Or  the  knot  may  be  tied  at  a  licensed  chapel, 
or  at  the  office  of  a  registrar,  notice  being  given  three 
weeks  previously. 

We  merely  quote  these  safeguards  against  impru- 
dent marriages  to  show  our  brides  how  free  they  are. 
And  perhaps,  as  we  sometimes  find,  they  are  too  free; 
there  is  danger  that  there  may  be  too  much  ease  in 
tying  the  knot  that  so  many  wish  untied  later,  judging 
from  the  frequency  of  divorce. 

However,  we  will  not  throw  a  damper  on  that  occa- 
sion which  for  whirl  and  bustle  and  gayety  and  excite- 
ment is  not  equalled  by  any  other  day  in  a  person's 
life.  The  city  wedding  in  New  York  is  marked  first 
by  the  arrival  of  the  caterer,  who  comes  to  spread  the 
wedding  breakfast;  and  later  on  by  the  florist,  who 
appears  to  decorate  the  rooms,  to  hang  the  floral  bell, 
or  to  spread  the  floral  umbrella,  or  to  build  a  grotto  of 
flowers  in  the  bow-window  where  the  happy  couple 
shall  stand.  Some  of  the  latest  freaks  in  floral  fashion 
cause  a  bower  of  tall-growing  ferns  to  be  constructed. 


92  MANNERS    AND    SOCIAL    USAGES. 

the  ferns  meeting  over  the  bridal  pair.  This  is,  of 
course,  supposing  that  the  wedding  takes  place  at  home. 
Then  another  construction  is  a  house  entirely  of  roses, 
large  enough  to  hold  the  bride  and  bridegroom.  This 
is  first  built  of  bamboo  or  light  wood,  then  covered 
thick  with  roses,  and  is  very  beautiful  and  almost  too 
fragrant.  If  some  one  had  not  suggested  "bathing- 
house,"  as  he  looked  at  this  floral  door  to  matrimony, 
it  would  have  been  perfect.  It  also  looks  a  little  like 
a  confessional.  Perhaps  a  freer  sweep  is  better  for 
both  bride  and  groom.  There  should  not  be  a  close 
atmosphere,  or  too  many  overfragrant  flowers;  for  at 
a  home  wedding,  however  well  the  arrangements  have 
been  anticipated,  there  is  always  a  little  time  spent  in 
waiting  for  the  bride,  a  few  presents  arrive  late,  and 
there  is  always  a  slight  confusion,  so  that  the  mamma 
is  apt  to  be  nervous  and  flushed,  and  the  bride  agi- 
tated. 

A  church  wedding  involves  a  great  deal  more 
trouble  with  bridesmaids  and  the  family,  and  for 
the  bride  and  her  father,  who  must  go  together  to 
the  church. 

Fortunately  there  is  no  stem  law,  if  every  one  is  late 
at  church,  for  the  hour  appointed,  as  in  England.  There 
the  law  would  read,  "  The  rite  of  marriage  is  to  be 
performed  between  the  hours  of  8  a.m.  and  noon,  upon 
pain  of  suspension  and  felony  with  fourteen  years' 
transportation."  Such  is  the  stern  order  to  the  officiat- 
ing priests. 

The  reason  for  this  curious  custom  and  the  terrible 
penalty  awaiting  its  infringement  is  traceable,  it  is 
said,  to  the  wrongs  committed  on  innocent  parties  by 


AT   THE   CHUBCH.  93 

the  "  hedge  "  parsons.  Also,  alas !  because  our  English 
ancestors  were  apt  to  be  drunk  after  midday,  and  un- 
able to  take  an  oath. 

Here  the  guests  arrive  first  at  the  church.  Th  e  groom 
emerges  from  the  vestry,  supported  by  his  best  man, 
and  then  the  organ  strikes  up  the  Wedding  March. 

Two  little  girls,  beautifully  dressed,  with  immense 
sashes,  carrying  bouquets,  come  in  first ;  then  the 
bridesmaids,  who  form  an  avenue.  Then  the  bride 
and  her  father  walk  up  to  the  altar,  where  the  groom 
claims  her,  and  her  father  steps  back.  The  bride 
stands  on  the  left  hand  of  the  bridegroom  ;  her 
first  bridesmaid  advances  nearly  behind  her,  ready 
to  receive  the  glove  and  bouquet.  After  the  cere- 
mony is  over,  the  bride  and  groom  walk  down  tbe 
aisle  first,  and  the  children  follow ;  after  them  the 
bridesmaids,  then  the  ushers,  then  the  father  and 
mother,  and  so  on.  Sometimes  the  ushers  go  first, 
to  be  ready  to  cloak  the  bride,  open  the  doors,  keep 
back  the  people,  and  generally  preserve  order. 

The  signing  of  the  register  in  the  vestry  is  not  an 
American  custom,  but  it  is  now  the  fashion  to  have  a 
highly  illuminated  parchment  certificate  signed  by  the 
newly  married  pair,  with  two  or  three  witnesses,  the 
bridesmaids,  the  best  man,  the  father  and  mother,  and 
so  on,  generally  being  the  attesting  parties. 

If  a  sit-down  wedding  breakfast  has  been  arranged, 
it  occurs  about  half  an  hour  after  the  parties  return 
from  church.  An  attempt  is  being  made  to  return  to 
the  manners  of  the  past,  and  for  the  bridegroom  (d  la 
Sir  Charles  Grandison)  to  wait  on  the  guests  with  a 
napkin  on  his  arm.    This  often  makes  much  amusement, 


94  MANNSBS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

and  breaks  in  on  the  formality.  Of  course  his  waiting 
is  very  much  of  a  sinecure  and  a  joke. 

The  table-  for  a  wedding  breakfast  of  this  sort  may 
be  of  a  horseshoe  shape.  But  for  a  city  wedding, 
where  many  guests  are  to  be  invited  in  a  circle  which 
is  forever  widening,  this  sort  of  an  exclusive  breakfast 
is  almost  impossible,  and  a  large  table  is  generally 
spread,  where  the  guests  go  in  uninvited,  and  are 
helped  by  the  waiters. 

Eight  bridesmaids*  is  a  fashionable  number;  and 
the  bride  has,  of  course,  the  privilege  of  choosing  the 
dresses.  The  prettiest  toilettes  we  have  seen  were  of 
heliotrope  gaze  over  satin ;  and  again  clover  red,  lighted 
up  with  white  lace.  The  bonnets  were  of  white  chip, 
with  feathers  of  red,  for  this  last  dress;  broad  hats  of 
yellow  satin,  with  yellow  plumes,  will  surmount  the 
heliotrope  bridesmaids.  One  set  of  bridesmaids  will 
wear  Nile-green  dresses,  with  pink  plumes  in  their  coif- 
fures; another  set,  probably  those  with  the  pink  bride, 
will  be  in  white  satin  and  silver. 

A  bride's  dress  has  lately  been  ornamented  with 
orange  blossoms  and  lilacs.  The  veil  was  fastened  on 
with  orange  flowers;  the  corsage  bouquet  was  of  orange 
flowers  and  lilacs  mixed ;  the  lace  over-dress  was  caught 
up  with  lilac  sprays;  the  hand  bouquet  wholly  of  lilacs; 
The  gardener's  success  in  producing  these  dwarf  bushes 
covered  with  white  lilacs  has  given  us  the  beautiful 
flower  in  great  perfection.  Cowslips  are  to  be  used 
as  corsage  and  hand  bouquets  for  bridesmaids'  dress- 

*Tbis  gave  place  to  one  "Lady  of  Honor"  in  1893.  The 
six,  eigbt,  or  twelve  bridesmaids  were  reinstated  in  1897,  and 
twelve  or  one  holds  good  in  1900.  This  is  a  matter  left  to  the 
will  of  the  bride  alone. 


PLACING   THE    GIFTS.  95 

es,  the  dresses  being* of  pale  blue  surah,  with  yellow 
satin  Gainsborough  hats,  and  yellow  plumes.  White 
gloves  and  shoes  are  proper  for  brides.  The  white  un- 
dressed kid  or  Swedish  glove  will  be  the  favorite;  and 
high  princesse  dresses  with  long  sleeves  are  still  pro- 
nounced the  best  style. 

As  for  wedding  preiSents,  great  favor  is  shown  to 
jewelry  and  articles  somewhat  out  of  the  common. 
Vases  of  costly  workmanship,  brass  wine-coolers,  enam- 
elled glass  frames,  small  mirrors  set  in  silver,  belt 
clasps,  pins  of  every  sort  of  conceit  for  the  hair,  choice 
old  Louis  Treize  silver  boxes  of  curious  design,  and 
watches,  even  old  miniatures,  are  all  of  the  order  of 
things  most  desired.  So  many  of  our  spring  brides 
are  going  immediately  to  Europe  that  it  seems  absurd 
to  load  them  down  with  costly  dinner  sets,  or  the  usual 
lamps  and  pepper-casters.  These  may  come  later.  How 
much  prettier  to  give  the  bride  something  she  can  wear ! 

Wedding  presents,  if  shown,  will  be  in  the  second- 
story  front  room,  spread  on  tables  and  surrounded  by 
flowers.  Some  brides  will  give  an  afternoon  tea  the 
day  before  to  show  the  presents  to  a  few  intimate 
friends.  Each  present  will  bear  the  name  of  the  giver 
on  his  or  her  card. 

One  bride  intends  to  make  a  most  original  innova- 
tion. Instead  of  going  immediately  out  of  town,  she 
will  remain  at  home  and  attend  the  coming  ball  in 
the  evening,  leaving  for  Philadelphia  at  three  in  the 
morning.  At  several  of  the  church  weddings  the 
guests  are  only  bidden  there  ;  there  will  be  no  recep- 
tion afterwards. 

Widows  who  are  to  be  married  again  should  be  re- 


96  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

minded  that  they  can  neither  bave  wedding  favors  nor 
wear  a  veil  or  orange  blossoms.  A  widow  bride  should 
wear  a  bonnet,  she  should  have  no  bridesmaids,  and 
a  peach-blossom  silk  or  velvet  is  a  very  pretty  dress. 
At  a  certain  up-town  wedding  all  the  gentlemen  will 
wear  a  wedding  favor  excepting  the  groom.  He  al- 
ways wears  only  a  flower. 

Wedding  favors  should  be  made  of  white  ribbon 
and  silver  leaves.  Large  bouquets  of  white  flowers 
should  oi-nament  the  ears  of  the  horses  and  the  coats 
of  the  coachmen  and  footmen. 

It  is  a  matter  of  taste  whether  the  bride  wears  her 
gloves  to  the  altar  or  whether  she  goes  up  with  un- 
covered hands.  "  High-Church  "  brides  prefer  the  lat- 
ter custom.  The  bride  carries  a  prayer-book,  if  she 
prefers,  instead  of  a  bouquet.  The  Holy  Communion 
is  administered  to  the  married  pair  if  they  desire  it. 

One  correspondent  inquires,  "  Who  should  be  asked 
to  a  wedding?"  We  should  say  all  your  visiting  list, 
or  none.  There  is  an  unusual  feeling  about  being  left 
out  at  a  wedding,  and  no  explanation  that  it  is  ^^a 
small  and  not  a  general  invitation"  seems  to  satisfy 
those  who  are  thus  passed  over.  It  is  much  better  to 
offend  no  one  on  so  important  an  occasion. 

Wedding  cards  and  wedding  stationery  have  not 
altered  at  all.  The  simple  styles  are  the,  best.  The 
bridal  linen  should  be  marked  with  the  maiden  name 
of  the  bride. 

If  brides  could  only  And  out  some  way  to  let  their 
friends  know  where  they  are  to  be  found  after  mar- 
riage it  would  be  a  great  convenience. 

The  newest  style  of  engagement  ring  is  a  diamond 


MONOGRAMS  BEPLACB  LOCKSTS.  97 

and  a  ruby,  or  a  diamond  and  a  sapphire,  set  at  right 
angles  or  diagonally.  Bangles  with  the  bridal  mono- 
gram set  in  jewels  are  very  pretty,  and  a  desirable 
ornament  for  the  bridesmaids'  gifts,  serving  as  a  me- 
mento and  a  particularly  neat  ornament.  They  seem 
to  have  entirely  superseded  the  locket.  The  bride's 
name  cut  in  silver  or  gold  serves  for  a  lace  pin,  and  is 
quite  effective. 

The  fashion  of  one  bridesmaid,  or  "Lady  of  Honor," 
as  she  is  called,  has  come  in  of  late.  She  precedes  the 
bridal  cortege,  walking  alone,  immediately  in  front  of 
the  bride  and  her  father.  It  is  a  pretty  custom.  In 
1900  she  precedes  the  long  line  of  bridesmaids,  who, 
two  and  two,  immediately  precede  the  bride. 

In  the  matter  of  floral  decoration,  often  absurdly  ex- 
pensive, the  bride's  own  fancy  is  consulted,  as  to  her 
must  be  relegated  the  colors  of  the  bridesmaids'  gowns. 
There  is  no  established  etiquette  in  these  matters. 
7 


CHAPTER  XL 

SUMMBB    WEDDINGS. 

A  NEW  fashion  in  the  engraving  of  the  wedding 
note-paper  is  the  first  novelty  of  the  early  summer 
wedding.  The  card  is  entirely  discarded,  and  sheets 
of  note-paper,  with  the  words  of  the  invitation  in 
running  script,  are  now  universally  used,  without 
crests  or  ciphers.  We  are  glad  to  see  that  the  very 
respectful  form  of  invitation,  "  Mr.  and  Mrs.  John  H. 
Brown  request  the  honor  of  your  presence,"  etc.,  is  re- 
turning to  fashionahle  favor.  It  never  should  have 
gone  out.  Nothing  is  more  self-respecting  than  re- 
spect, and  when  we  ask  our  friends  to  visit  us  we  can 
well  afford  to  be  unusually  courteous.  The  brief,  curt, 
and  not  too  friendly  announcement,  '^Mr.  and  Mrs. 
John  H.  Brown  request  your  presence,"  etc.,  etc.,  may 
well  yield  to  the  much  more  elegant  and  formal  com- 
pliment. 

From  high  social  authority  in  New  York  we  have  an 
invitation  much  simpler  and  more  cordial,  also  worthy 
of  imitation :  "  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Winslow  Appleblossom 
request  the  pleasure  of  your  company  at  the  wedding 
reception  of  their  daughter,  on  Tuesday  afternoon 
June  the  sixteenth."  This  is  without  cards  or  names, 
presuming  that  the  latter  will  follow  later  on. 

Another  very  comprehensive  and  useful  announce- 


FLOWXBS   IN   MASSBS.  99 

ment  of  a  wedding,  from  a  lady  living  out  of  town, 
conveys,  however,  on  one  sheet  of  paper  the  desired 
information  of  where  to  find  the  bride: 

Mrs.  8eth  Osborne 
anmmnees  the  marriage  of  her  daughter 

Marguerite 

to 

Mr,  Joseph  Wendon, 

on 

Wednesday,  September  the  ninth, 

at 

Bristol,  Oonneetieut, 

At  Some  after  Janua/ry  fvnt, 
at  758  Wood  Street, 

This  card  of  announcement  is  a  model  of  concise- 
ness, and  answers  the  oft-repeated  question,  '^  Where 
shall  we  go  to  find  the  married  couple  next  winter  ?" 

In  arranging  the  house  for  the  spring  wedding  the 
florists  have  hit  upon  a  new  device  of  having  only  one 
flower  in  masses;  so  we  hear  of  the  apple-blossom  wed- 
ding, the  lilac  wedding,  the  lily  wedding,  the  rose 
wedding  and  the  daffodil  wedding,  the  violet  wedding, 
and  the  daisy  wedding.  So  well  has  this  been  carried 
out  that  at  a  recent  daisy  wedding  the  bride's  lace 
and  diamond  ornaments  bore  the  daisy  pattern,  and 
each  bridesmaid  received  a  daisy  pin  with  diamond 
centre. 

This  fashion  of  massing  a  single  flower  has  its  ad- 
vantages when  that  flower  is  the  beautiful  feathery 
lilac,  as  ornamental  as  a  plume;  but  it  is  not  to  be 
commended  when  flowers  are  as  sombre  as  the  violet^ 


100  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

which  nowadays  suggests  funerals.  Daffodils  are  love- 
ly and  original,  and  apple-blossoms  make  a  hall  in  a 
Queen  Anne  mansion  very  decorative.  No  one  needs 
to  be  told  that  roses  look  better  for  being  massed,  and 
it  is  a  pretty  conceit  for  a  bride  to  make  the  flower 
which  was  the  ornament  of  her  wedding  her  flower  for 
life. 

The  passion  for  little  girls  as  bridesmaids  receives 
much  encouragement  at  the  spring  and  summer  wed- 
dings. One  is  reminded  of  the  children  weddings  of 
the  fifteenth  century,  as  these  darlings,  wearing  Kate 
Greenaway  hats,  walk  up  the  aisle,  preceding  the  bride. 
The  young  brother  of  the  bride,  a  mere  boy,  who,  in 
the  fatherless  condition  of  his  sister,  recently  gave  her 
away,  also  presented  a  touching  picture.  It  has  be- 
come a  fashion  now  to  invoke  youth  as  well  as  age  to 
give  the  blessings  once  supposed  to  be  alone  at  the 
beck  and  call  of  those  whom  Time  had  sanctified. 

The  bridal  dresses  are  usually  of  white  satin  and 
point  lace,  a  preference  for  tulle  veils  being  very  evi- 
dent. A  pin  for  the  veil,  with  a  diamond  ornament, 
and  five  large  diamonds  hanging  by  little  chains, 
makes  a  very  fine  effect.  The  groom  at  a  recent  wed- 
ding gave  cat's-eyes  set  round  with  diamonds  to  his 
ushers  for  scarf  pins,  the  catVeye  being  considered  a 
very  lucky  stone. 

The  ushers  and  the  groom  wear  very  large  hcmton- 
nUres  of  stephanotis  and  gardenias,  or  equally  large 
bunches  of  lilies-of-the-valley,  in  their  button-holes.. 

At  one  of  the  country  weddings  of  the  spring  a  piper 
in  full  Scotch  costume  discoursed  most  eloquent  music 
on  the  lawn  during  the  wedding  ceremony.     Tliis  wAd 


THE    FLORAL   BACKGBOUND.  IQl 

a  compliment  to  the  groom,  who  is  a  captain  in  a  High- 
land regiment. 

A  prevailing  fashion  for  wedding  presents  is  to  give 
heavy  pieces  of  furniture,  such  as  sideboards,  writing- 
tables,  cabinets,  and  pianos. 

We  have  mentioned  the  surroundings  of  the  brides, 
but  have  not  spoken  of  the  background.  A  screen 
hung  with  white  and  purple  lilacs  formed  the  back- 
ground of  one  fair  bride,  a  hanging  curtain  of  Jacque- 
minot roses  formed  the  appropriate  setting  of  another. 
Perhaps  the  most  regal  of  these  floral  screens  was  one 
formed  of  costly  orchids,  each  worth  a  fortune.  One 
of  the  most  beautiful  of  the  spring  wedding  dresses 
was  made  of  cream -white  satin  train  over  a  tulle 
petticoat,  the  tulle  being  held  down  by  a  long  diago- 
nal band  of  broad  pearl  embroidery,  the  satin  train 
trimmed  with  bows  of  ribbon  in  true-lovers'  knots 
embroidered  in  seed-pearls  ;  a  shower  of  white  lilacs 
trimmed  one  side  of  the  skirt,  all  over  white  taffeta. 

Another  simple  dress  was  made  of  white  silk,  trim- 
med with  old  Venetian  point,  the  train  of  striped  ivory 
point  and  white  satin  depending  d  la  Watteau  from 
the  shoulders,  and  fastened  at  the  point  of  the  waist. 
At  the  side  three  large  pleats  formed  a  drapery,  which 
was  fringed  with  orange  blossoms. 

We  are  often  asked  by  summer  brides  whether  they 
should  wear  bonnets  or  round  hats  for  their  travelling- 
dress.  We  unhesitatingly  say  bonnets.  But  this  is  a 
question  for  the  bride  to  decide  for  herself.  Fashion 
and  not  etiquette  must  answer  ;  that  is,  fashion  in 
1900  may  be  obsolete  in  1901,  so  on  this  point  this 
book  must  be  non-committal. 


102  MANXEBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

A  pretty  dress  for  the  child  bridemaids  is  a  pink 
faille  slip  covered  with  dotted  muslin,  not  tied  in  at 
the  waist,  and  the  broadest  of  high  Gainsborough  hats 
of  pale  pink  silk  with  immense  bows,  from  the  well- 
known  pictures  of  Gainsborough's  pretty  women. 

But  if  a  summer  bride  must  travel  in  a  bonnet,  there 
is  no  reason  that  her  trousseau  should  not  contain  a 
large  Leghorn  hat,  the  straw  caught  up  on  the  back  in 
long  loops,  the  spaces  between  filled  in  with  bows  of 
heliotrope  ribbon.  The  croWn  should  be  covered  with 
white  ostrich  tips.  This  is  a  very  becoming  hat  for  a 
lawn  party. 

It  would  be  a  charming  addition  to  our  well-known 
and  somewhat  worn-out  Wedding  -  March,  always 
played  as  the  bride  walks  up  the  aisle,  if  a  chorus  of 
choir  boys  would  sing  an  epithalaraium,  as  is  now  done 
in  England.  These  fresh  young  voices  hailing  the 
youthful  couple  would  be  in  keeping  with  the  child 
bridesmaids  and  the  youthful  brothers.  Nay,  they 
would  suggest  those  frescoes  of  the  Italian  villas  where 
Hymen  and  Cupid,  two  immortal  boys,  always  precede 
the  happy  pair. 

This  custom  prevails  in  the  fashionable  weddings  of 
1900,  and  the  music  of  the  choir  boys  as  they  march 
down  the  aisle  to  meet  the  bride  is  most  inspiring. 

An  amusing  anecdote  is  told  of  an  old  Yorkshire 
coachman,  who,  newly  arrived  in  America,  was  to 
drive  the  bride  to  church.  Not  knowing  him  par- 
ticularly, as  he  was  a  new  addition  to  the  force, 
the  bride  sent  him  her  favor  by  the  hands  of  her 
maid.  But  Yorkshire  decided  stoutly  against  re- 
ceiving   such    a  vicarious    offering,   and    remarked, 


A   TOBK8HIBE   COACHMAN.  103 

"  Tell  she  Fd  rather  'ave  it  from  she."  And  so 
**  she  "  was  obliged  to  come  down  and  affix  the  favor 
to  his  livery  coat,  or  he  would  have  resigned  the  "  rib- 
bons." The  narseSy  the  cook,  the  maids,  and  the  men- 
servants  in  England  always  expect  a  wedding  favor 
and  a  small  gratuity  at  a  wedding,  and  in  this  country 
should  be  remembered  by  a  box  of  cake,  and  possibly 
by  a  new  dress,  cap,  or  bonnet,  or  something  to  recall 
the  day. 

The  plan  of  serving  the  refreshments  at  a  buffet  all 
through  the  reception  retains  its  place  as  the  most  con- 
venient and  appropriate  of  forms.  The  wedding  break- 
fast, where  toasts  are  drunk  and  speeches  made,  is 
practicable  in  England,  but  hardly  here,  where  we  are 
not  to  the  manner  born.  The  old  trained  domestics 
who  serve  such  a  feast  cannot  be  invented  at  will  in 
America,  so  that  it  is  better  to  allow  our  well-filled 
tables  to  remain  heavily  laden,  as  they  are,  with  dain- 
ties which  defy  competition,  served  by  a  corps  of 
waiters. 

The  pretty  plan  of  cutting  the  bride  cake  and  hunt- 
ing for  a  ring  has  been  long  exploded,  as  the  brides- 
maids declare  that  it  ruins  their  gloves,  and  that  in 
these  days  of  eighteen  buttons  it  is  too  much  trouble 
to  take  off  and  put  on  a  glove  for  the  sake  of  finding 
a  ring  in  a  bit  of  greasy  pastry.  However,  it  might 
supplement  a  wedding  supper. 

The  floral  decorations  at  weddings  in  1900  have 
reached  a  degree  of  splendor  and  elaborateness  quite 
beyond  anything  ever  attempted  before.  Especially 
are  the  churches  superbly  dressed  with  flowers  for 
the  marriage  ceremony. 


104  MANNEBS    JlNT>  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Bat  the  colors  and  fashions,  both  as  to  dress  and 
flowers,  change  with  each  succeeding  year.  In  1900 
they  are  both  gorgeous.  In  this  case  it  may  not  be 
impertinent  to  suggest  that  luxury  sometimes  over- 
tops good  taste. 


CHAPTER  Xn 

AUTUMN    WEDDINGS. 

The  first  thing  which  strikes  the  eye  of  the  fortu- 
nate person  who  is  invited  to  see  the  bridal  gifts  is  the 
predominance  of  silver-ware.  We  have  now  passed 
the  age  of  bronze  and  that  of  brass,  and  silver  holds 
the  first  place  of  importance.  Not  only  the  coffee  and 
tea  sets,  but  the  dinner  sets  and  the  whole  famiture 
of  the  writing-table,  and  even  brooms  and  brushes,  are 
made  with  repouss6  silver  handles — the  last,  of  course, 
for  the  toilette,  as  for  dusting  velvet,  feathers,  bon- 
nets, etc. 

The  oxidized,  ugly,  discolored  silver  is  not  so  fashion- 
able as  it  was,  and  the  beautiful,  bright,  highly  polished 
silver,  with  its  own  natural  and  unmatchable  color,  has 
come  in.  The  salvers  afford  a  splendid  surface  for  a 
monogram,  which  is  now  copied  from  the  old  Dutch  sil- 
ver, and  bears  many  a  true-lovers'  knot,  and  every  sort 
and  kind  of  ornamentation;  sometimes  even  a  little 
verse,  or  posy,  as  it  was  called  in  olden  time.  One  tea- 
caddy  at  a  recent  wedding  bore  the  following  almost 
obsolete  rhyme,  which  Corydon  might  have  sent  to 
Phyllis  in  pastoral  times: 

"  My  heart  to  you  is  given; 
Oh  do  give  yours  to  me: 
Well  lock  them  up  together, 
And  throw  away  the  key," 


\ 


106  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

It  should  be  added  that  the  silver  tea-caddy  was  in 
the  shape  of  a  heart,  and  that  it  had  a  key.  Very 
dear  to  the  heart  of  a  housewife  is  the  tea-caddy 
which  can  be  locked. 

Another  unique  present  was  a  gold  tea  scoop  of 
ancient  pattern,  probably  once  a  baby's  pap  spoon. 
There  were  also  apostle-spoons,  and  little  silver  canoes 
and  other  devices  to  hold  cigarettes  and  ashes;  little 
myterious  boxes  for  the  toilette,  to  hold  the  tongs  for 
curling  hair,  and  hair-pins;  mirror  frames,  and  even 
chair-backs  and  tables — ^all  of  silver. 

Several  beautiful  umbrellas,  with  all  sorts  of  han- 
dles, recalled  the  anecdote  of  the  man  who  said  he 
first  saw  his  wife  in  a  storm,  married  her  in  a  storm, 
lived  with  her  in  a  hurricane,  but  buried  her  in  pleas- 
ant weather;  parasols  with  jewelled  handles,  and  beau- 
tiful painted  fans,  are  also  favorite  offerings  to  the 
newly  married. 

Friends  conspire  to  make  their  offerings  together, 
so  that  there  may  be  no  duplicates,  and  no  pieces  in 
the  silver  service  which  do  not  match.  This  is  a  very 
excellent  plan.  Old  pieces  like  silver  tankards.  Queen 
Anne  silver,  and  the  ever  beautiful  Baltimore  work- 
manship, are  highly  prized. 

It  is  no  longer  the  fashion  to  display  the  presents 
at  the  wedding.  They  are  arranged  in  an  upper  room, 
and  shown  to  a  few  friends  of  the  bride  the  day  before 
the  ceremony.  Nor  is  it  the  fashion  for  the  bride  to 
wear  many  jewels.  These  are  reserved  for  her  first  ap- 
pearance as  a  married  woman. 

Clusters  of  diamond  stars,  daisies,  or  primroses  that 
can  be  grouped  together  are  now  favorite  gifts ;  also 


SPLBNDID  SIMPLICITY.  107 

diamond  butterflies  and  other  insects.  In  this  costly 
gift  several  friends  join  again,  as  in  the  silver  pres- 
entation. Diamond  bracelets  that  can  be  used  as 
necklaces  are  also  favorite  presents.  All  sorts  of 
vases,  bits  of  china,  cloisonne,  clocks  (although  there 
is  not  such  a  stampede  of  clocks  and  lamps  as  a  few 
years  ago),  choice  etchings  framed,  and  embroidered 
table-cloths,  doyleys,  and  useful  coverings  for  bureau 
and  wash-stands,  are  in  order. 

The  bride  now  prefers  simplicity  in  her  dress — 
splendid  and  costly  simplicity.  An  elegant  white-satin 
and  a  tulle  veil,  the  latter  very  full,  the  former  extreme- 
ly long  and  with  a  sweeping  train^  high  corsage,  and 
long  sleeves,  white  gloves,  and  perhaps  a  flower  in  the 
hair — such  is  the  latest  fashion  for  a  nineteenth-cen- 
tury bride.  The  young  ladies  say  they  prefer  that  their 
magnificence  should  wait  for  the  days  after  marriage, 
when  their  jewels  can  be  worn.  There  is  great  sense 
in  this,  for  a  bride  is  interesting  enough  when  she  is 
simply  attired. 

The  solemnization  of  the  marriage  should  be  in  a 
church,  and  a  high  ecclesiastical  functionary  should 
be  asked  to  solemnize  it.  The  guests  are  brought  in 
by  the  ushers,  who,  by  the  way,  now  wear  white  kid- 
gloves,  embroidered  in  black,  as  do  the  groom  and 
best  man.  The  front  seats  are  reserved  for  the  rela- 
tives and  intimate  friends,  and  the  head  usher  has  a 
paper  on  which  are  written  the  names  of  people  en- 
titled to  these  front  seats.  The  seats  thus  reserved 
have  a  white  ribbon  as  a  line  of  demarcation.  Music 
should  usher  in  the  bride. 

She  is  preceded  by  ushers  and  bridesmaids,  and, 


108  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

attended  by  her  father  or  near  friend,  comes  in 
last,  after  the  ashers.  After  her  mother,  sister, 
and  family  have  preceded  her,  these  near  relatives 
group  themselves  about  the  altar  steps.  Her  sister, 
or  one  bridesmaid,  stands  near  her  at  the  altar  rail, 
and  kneels  with  her  and  the  bridegroom,  as  does  the 
best  man.  The  groom  takes  his  bride  from  the  hand 
of  her  father  or  nearest  friend,  who  then  retires  and 
stands  a  little  behind  the  bridal  pair.  He  must  be 
near  enough  to  respond  quickly  when  he  hears  the 
words,  "  Who  giveth  this  woman  to  be  married  to 
this  man?"  The  bride  and  groom  walk  out  together 
after  the  ceremony,  followed  by  the  nearest  relatives, 
and  proceed  to  the  home  where  the  wedding  break- 
fast is  served.  Here  the  bridal  pair  stand  under  an 
arch  of  flowers  and  receive  their  friends,  who  are 
presented  by  the  ushers. 

The  father  and  mother  do  not  take  any  stated  posi- 
tion on  this  occasion,  but  mingle  with  the  guests,  and 
form  a  part  of  the  company.  In  an  opulent  country- 
house,  if  the  day  is  fine,  littlQ  tables  are  set  out  on  the 
lawn,  the  ladies  seat  themselves  around,  and  the  gen- 
tlemen carry  the  refreshments  to  them;  or  the  piazzas 
are  beautifully  decorated  with  autumn  boughs  and 
ferns,  flowers,  evergreens,  and  the  refreshments  are 
served  there.  If  it  is  a  bad  day,  of  course  the  usual 
arrangements  of  a  crowded  buffet  are  in  order;  there 
is  no  longer  a  "sit-down"  wedding  breakfast;  it  does 
not  suit  our  American  ideas,  as  recent  experiments 
have  proved.  We  have  many  letters  asking  if  the  gen- 
tlemen of  the  bride's  family  should  wear  gloves.  They 
should,  most  certainly. 


PBETTY    ORNAMENTATIONS,  ETC.  109 

The  one  bridesmaid  must  be  dressed  in  colors.  At  a 
recent  very  fashionable  wedding  the  bridesmaid  wore 
bright  buttercup  yellow,  a  real  Directoire  dress,  white 
lace  skirt,  yellow  bodice,  hat  trimmed  with  yellow — 
a  very  picturesque,  pretty  costume.  The  silk  stock- 
ings and  slippers  were  of  yellow,  the  hat  of  Leghorn, 
very  large,  turned  up  at  one  side,  yellow  plumes,  and 
long  streamers  of  yellow-velvet  ribbon.  Yellow  is 
now  esteemed  a  favorite  color  and  a  fortunate  one. 
It  once  was  deemed  the  synonym  for  envy,  but  that 
has  passed  away. 

The  carrying  of  an  ivory  prayer-book  was  found  to 
be  attended  with  inconvenience,  therefore  was  discon- 
tinued. Still,  if  a  young  lady  wishes  to  have  her 
prayer-book  associated  with  her  vows  at  the  altar,  she 
can  properly  carry  it.  Brides  are,  however,  leaving 
their  bouquets  at  home,  as  the  immense  size  of  a  mod- 
em bouquet  interfered  with  the  giving  and  taking  of 
the  ring. 

A  very  pretty  bit  of  ornamentation  for  an  autumn 
wedding  is  the  making  of  a  piece  of  tapestry  of  au- 
tumn leaves  to  hang  behind  the  bride  as  she  re- 
ceives. This  can  be  done  by  sewing  the  leaves 
on  a  piece  of  drugget  on  which  some  artist  has 
drawn  a  clever  sketch  with  chalk  and  charcoal. 
We  have  seen  some  reallv  elaborate  and  artistic 
groups  done  in  this  way  by 'earnest  and  unselfish  girl 
friends.  Romeo  and  Juliet,  Hamlet  and  Ophelia, 
Tristan  and  Iseult,  can  thus  be  made  to  serve  as 
decorations. 

The  walls  of  the  church  can,  of  course,  be  exqui- 
sitely decorated  with  palms  in  an  Oriental  pattern , 


110  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

flowers,  and  leaves.  The  season  is  one  when  nature's 
bounty  is  so  profuse  that  even  the  fruits  can  be  pressed 
into  service.  Care  should  be  taken  not  to  put  any 
tuberoses  about,  for  the  perfume  is  sickening  to  some 
people. 

The  engagement  ring  should  be  worn  on  the  third 
finger  of  the  left  hand.  It  should  have  a  solitaire 
stone— either  a  diamond  or  a  colored  stone.  Colored 
stones  and  diamonds,  set  diagonally,  as  a  sapphire  and 
a  diamond,  are  also  worn ;  but  not  a  pearl,  as,  accord- 
ing to  the  German  idea,  "  pearls  are  tears  for  a  bride." 
The  wedding  ring  is  entirely  different,  being  merely 
a  plain  gold  ring,  not  very  wide  nor  a  square  band,  as 
it  was  a  few  years  since,  and  the  engagement  ring 
is  worn  as  a  guard  above  the  wedding  ring.  It  is 
not  usual  for  the  bride  expectant  to  give  a  ring  to 
her  intended  husband,  but  many  girls  like  to  give 
an  engagement  gift  to  their  betrothed.  Inside  the 
engagement  ring  is  the  date  of  the  engagement  and 
the  initials  of  each  of  the  contracting  parties.  The 
wedding  ring  has  the  date  of  the  marriage  and  the 
initials. 

If  the  marriage  takes  place  at  home,  the  bride  and 
groom  enter  together,  and  take  their  place  before  the 
clergyman,  who  has  already  entered;  then  come  the 
father  and  mother  and  other  friends.  A  pair  of 
hassocks  should  be  arranged  for  the  bridal  pair  to 
kneel  upon,  and  tho  father  should  be  near  to  allow 
the  clergyman  to  see  him  when  he  asks  for  his  au- 
thority. 

For  autumn  weddings  nothing  is  so  pretty  for  the 
travelling-dress  as  a  tailor-made  costume  of  very  light 


JUNE    A  FORTUNATE   MONTH.  Ill 

cloth,  with  sacque  to  match  for  a  cold  day.  No  trav- 
elling-dress should  of  itself  be  too  heavy,  as  our  rail- 
way carriages  are  kept  so  very  warm. 

We  have  been  asked  to  define  the  meaning  of  the 
word  "honeymoon."  It  comes  from  the  Germans, 
who  drank  mead,  or  metheglin — a  beverage  made  of 
honey — for  thirty  days  after  the  wedding. 

The  bride-cake  is  no  longer  cut  and  served  at  wed- 
dings ;  the  present  of  cake  in  boxes  has  superseded 
that.  At  the  wedding  breakfast  the  ices  are  now 
packed  in  fancy  boxes,  which  bear  nuptial  mottoes 
and  orange-blossoms  and  violets  on  their  surfaces. 
As  the  ring  is  the  expressive  emblem  of  the  perpe- 
tuity of  the  compact,  and  as  the  bride-cake  and  cus' 
tomary  libations  form  significant  symbols  of  the  nectar 
sweets  of  matrimony,  it  will  not  do  to  banish  the  cake 
altogether,  although  few  people  eat  it,  and  few  wish 
to  carry  it  away. 

Among  the  Romans,  June  was  considered  the  most 
propitious  month  for  marriage;  but  with  the  Anglo- 
Saxons  October  has  always  been  a  favorite  and  auspi- 
cious season.  We  find  that  the  festival  has  always 
been  observed  in  very  much  the  same  way,  whether 
druidical,  pagan,  or  Christian. 

We  have  been  asked,  Who  shall  conduct  the  single 
bridesmaid  to  the  altar?  If  any  one,  it  should  be  the 
brother  of  the  groom,  her  own  fianci,  or  some  chosen 
friend — never  the  best  man;  he  does  not  leave  his 
friend  the  groom  until  he  sees  him  fairly  launched  on 
that  hopeful  but  uncertain  "Bea  whose  reverses  and 
whose  smiles  are  being  constantly  tempted.  The  sin- 
gle bridesmaid  generally  walks  alone. 


CHAPTER  XIII. 

BBFOBB   THE  WEDDING   AND   AFTEB. 

The  reception  of  an  engaged  girl  by  the  family  of 
her  fatare  husband  should  be  most  cordial,  and  no 
time  should  be  lost  in  giving  her  a  warm  welcome. 
It  is  the  moment  of  all  others  when  she  will  feel  such 
a  welcome  most  gratefully,  and  when  any  neglect  will 
be  certain  to  give  her  the  keenest  unhappiness. 

It  is  the  fashion  for  the  mother  of  the  groom  to  in- 
vite both  the  family  of  the  expectant  bride  and  her- 
self to  a  dinner  as  soon  as  possible  after  the  formal 
announcement  of  the  engagement.  The  two  fami- 
lies should  meet  and  should  make  friendships  at  once. 

It  is  to  these  near  relatives  that  the  probable  date 
of  the  wedding-day  is  first  whispered,  in  time  to  allow 
of  much  consultation  and  preparation  in  the  selection 
of  wedding  gifts.  In  opulent  families  each  has  some- 
times given  the  young  couple  a  silver  dinner  service 
and  much  silver  besides,  and  the  rooms  of  the  bride's 
father's  house  look  like  a  jeweller's  shop  when  the 
presents  are  shown.  All  the  magnificent  ormolu  or- 
naments for  the  chimney-piece,  handsome  clocks  and 
lamps,  fans  in  large  quantities,  spoons,  forks  by  the 
hundred,  and  of  late  y^ars  the  fine  gilt  ornaments, 
furniture,  camel's-hair  shawls,  bracelets — all  are  piled 
up  in  most-admired  confusion.      And  when  the  in- 


GIFTS   FOR   HOMB  WEDDING.  113 

vitations  are  out^  then  come  in  the  outer  world  with 
their  more  hastily  procured  gifts ;  rare  specimens  of 
china,  little  paintings,  ornaments  for  the  person — all, 
all  are  in  order. 

A  present  is  generally  packed  where  it  is  bought, 
and  sent  with  the  giver's  card  from  the  shop  to  the 
bride  directly.  .  She  should  always  acknowledge  its 
arrival  by  a  personal  note  written  by  herself.  A 
young  bride  oncd  gave  mortal  offence  by  not  thus 
acknowledging  her  gifts.  She  said  she  had  so  many 
that  she  could  not  find  time  to  write  the  notes, 
which  was  naturally  considered  boastful  and  most 
ungracious. 

Gifts  which  owe  their  value  to  the  personal  taste 
or  industry  of  the  friend  who  sends  are  particularly 
complimentary.  A  piece  of  embroidery,  a  painting, 
a  water -color,  are  most  flattering  gifts,  as  they  be- 
token a  long  and  predetermined  interest. 

No  friend  should  be  deterred  from  sending  a  small 
present,  one  not  representing  a  money  value,  because 
other  and  richer  people  can  send  a  more  expensive 
one.  Often  the  little  gift  remains  as  a  most  endear* 
ing  and  useful  souvenir. 

We  have  been  asked  if  the  family  of  the  intended 
husband  should  send  the  bride  presents.  Of  course, 
as  handsome  as  they  can  afford.  This  is  important. 
It  is  very  much  the  fashion  in  1900  to  send  pres- 
ents to  the  engaged  girl  from  the  family  she  is 
about  to  enter.  The  father,  mother,  and  sisters 
of  the  fianci  (we  have  no  English  word  for  this  im- 
portant person)  are  apt  to  send  some  small  articles  of 
jewelry. 


114  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

As  for  showing  the  wedding  gif is,  that  is  a  thing 
which  must  be  left  to  individual  taste. 

As  for  the  conduct  of  the  betrothed  pair  during 
their  engagement,  our  American  mammas  are  apt  to 
be  somewhat  more  lenient  in  their  views  of  the  liberty 
to  be  allowed  than  are  the  English.  With  the  latter, 
no  young  lady  is  allowed  to  drive  .alone  with  her 
fianck;  there  must  be  a  servant  in  attendance.  No 
young  lady  must  visit  in  the  family  of  her  ^anc^,  un- 
less he  has  a  mother  to  receive  her.  Nor  is  she  allowed 
to  go  to  the  theatre  alone  with  him,  or  to  travel  under 
his  escort,  to  stop  at  the  same  hotel,  or  to  relax  one  of 
those  rigid  rules  which  a  severe  chaperon  would  en- 
force; and  it  must  be  allowed  that  this  severe  and 
careful  attention  to  appearances  is  in  the  best  taste. 

As  for  the  engagement-ring,  modem  fashion  pre- 
scribes a  diamond  solitaire,  which  may  range  in  price 
from  two  hundred  and  fifty  to  two  thousand  dollars. 
The  matter  of  presentation  is  a  secret  between  the 
engaged  pair. 

Evening  weddings  do  not  differ  from  day  weddings 
essentially,  except  that  the  bridegroom  wears  evening 
dress. 

If  the  wedding  is  at  home,  the  space  where  the 
bridal  party  is  to  stand  is  usually  marked  off  by  a 
ribbon,  and  the  clergyman  comes  down  in  his  robes 
before  the  bridal  pair ;  they  face  him,  and  he  faces 
the  company.  Hassocks  are  prepared  for  them  to 
kneel  upon.  After  the  ceremony  the  clergyman  re- 
tires, and  the  bridal  party  take  his  place,  standing  to 
receive  their  friends'  congratulations. 

Should  there  be  dancing  at  a  wedding,  it' is  proper 


THE  PBOPISS   TIMB   TO    CALL.  115 

for  the  bride  to  open  the  first  quadrille  with  the  best 
man,  the  groom,  dancing  with  the  first  bridesmaid.  It 
is  not,  however,  very  customary  for  a  bride  to  dance, 
or  for  dancing  to  occur  at  an  evening  wedding,  but  it 
is  not  a  bad  old  custom. 

Cards  should  not  be  attached  to  the  wedding  gifts 
which  are  shown  at  a  wedding. 

After  the  bridal  pair  return  from  their  wedding- 
tour,  the  bridesmaids  each  give  them  a  dinner  or 
a  party,  or  show  some  attention,  if  they  are  so  situ- 
ated that  they  can  do  so.  The  members,  of  the 
two  families,  also,  each  give  a  dinner  to  the  young 
couple. 

It  is  now  a  very  convenient  and  pleasant  custom 
for  the  bride  to  announce  with  her  wedding-cards  two 
or  more  reception  days  during  the  winter  after  her 
marriage,  on  which  her  friends  can  call  upon  her. 
The  certainty  of  finding  a  bride  at  home  is  very 
pleasing.  On  these  occasions  she  does  not  wear  her 
wedding-dress,  but  receives  as  if  she  had  entered 
society  as  one  of  its  members.  The  wedding  trap- 
pings are  all  put  away,  and  she  wears  a  dark  silk, 
which  may  be  as  handsome  as  she  chooses.  As  for 
wearing  her  wedding-dress  to  balls  or  dinners  after 
her  marriage,  it  is  perfectly  proper  to  do  so,  if  she 
divests  herself  of  her  veil  and  her  orange-blossoms. 

The  bride  should  be  very  attentive  and  conciliatory 
to  all  her  husband's  friends.  They  will  look  with  in- 
terest upon  her  from  the  moment  they  hear  of  the 
engagement,  and  it  is  in  the  worst  taste  for  her  to 
show  indifference  to  them. 

Quiet  weddings,  either  in  church  or  at  the  house, 


116  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

are  very  much  preferred  by  some  families.  Indeed, 
the  French,  from  whom  we  have  learned  many — and 
might  learn  more — lessons  of  grace  and  good  taste, 
infinitely  prefer  them. 

For  a  quiet  wedding  the  bride  dresses  in  a  travel- 
ling-dress and  bonnet,  and  departs  for  her  wedding- 
tour.  It  is  the  custom  in  England,  as  we  have  said, 
for  the  bride  and  groom  to  drive  off  in  their  own  car- 
riage, which  is  dressed  with  white  ribbons,  the  coach* 
man  and  groom  wearing  white  bouquets,  and  favors 
adorning  the  horses'  ears,  and  for  them  to  take  a 
month's  honeymoon.  There  also  the  bride  (if  she  be 
Hannah  Kothschild  or  the  Baroness  Burdett-Coutts) 
gives  her  bridesmaids  very  elegant  presents,  as  a  lock- 
et or  a  bracelet,  while  the  groom  gives  the  best  man 
a  scarf-pin  or  some  gift.  The  American  custom  is 
not  so  universal.  However,  either  bride  or  groom 
gives  something  to  the  bridesmaid  and  a  scarf-pin  to 
each  usher.  Thus  a  wedding  becomes  a  very  expen- 
sive and  elaborate  affair,  which  quiet  and  economical 
people  are  sometimes  obliged  to  avoid. 

After  the  marriage  invitations  are  issued,  the  lady 
does  not  appear  in  public. 

The  period  of  card-leaving  after  a  wedding  is  not 
yet  definitely  fixed.  Some  authorities  say  ten  days, 
but  that  in  a  crowded  city,  and  with  an  immense  ac- 
quaintance, would  be  quite  impossible. 

If  only  invited  to  the  church,  many  ladies  consider 
that  they  perform  their  whole  duty  by  leaving  a  card 
sometime  during  the  winter,  and  including  the  young 
couple  in  their  subsequent  invitations.  Very  rigorous 
people  call,  however,  within  ten  days,  and  if  invited 


WEDDING   INVITATIONS.  117 

to  the  house,  the  call  is  still  more  imperative,  and 
should  be  made  soon  after  the  wedding. 

But  if  a  young  couple  do  not  send  their  future  ad- 
dress, but  only  invite  one  to  a  church- wed  ding,  there 
is  often  a  very  serious  difficulty  in  knowing  where 
to  call,  and  the  first  visit  must  be  postponed  until 
they  send  cards  notifying  their  friends  of  their  where- 
abouts. 

Wedding  invitations  require  no  answer.  But  peo- 
ple living  at  a  distance,  who  cannot  attend  the  wed- 
ding, should  send  their  cards  by  mail,  to  assure  the 
hosts  that  the  invitation  has  been  received.  The 
usual  form  for  wedding-cards  is  this: 

Mr,  and  Mrs.  Theodore  Chapman 

request  your  presence  at  the 

marriage  of  their  daughter ,  on 

WedTmday  evening,  November  fourth,  at  eight  o*cloek, 

Gra>ce  Church, 

The  card  of  the  young  lady,  that  of  her  intendei) 
husband,  and  another  card  to  the  favored — 

At  Horns 
after  the  ceremony, 
7  East  Ma/rket  Street- 
is  also  enclosed. 

People  with  a  large  acquaintance  cannot  always 
invite  all  their  friends,  of  course,  to  a  wedding  recep- 
tion, and  therefore  invite  all  to  the  church.  Some- 
times people  who  are  to  give  a  small  wedding  at 
home  request  an  answer  to  the  wedding  invitation; 
in  that  case,  of  course,  an  answer  should  be  sent,  and 
people  should  be  very  careful  not  to  ignore  these 
flattering  invitations.    Any  carelessness  is  inexcusable 


118  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

when  BO  important  an  event  is  on  the  tapis.  Brides- 
maids, if  prevented  by  illness  or  sadden  bereavement 
from  officiating,  should  notify  the  bride  as  soon  as 
possible,  as  it  is  a  difficult  thing  after  a  bridal  cortege 
is  arranged  to  reorganize  it. 

As  to  the  wedding-tour,  it  is  no  longer  considered 
obligatory,  nor  is  the  seclusion  of  the  honeymoon 
demanded.  A  very  fashionable  girl  who  married 
an  Englishman  at  Newport  returned  in  three  days 
to  take  her  own  house  at  Newport,  and  to  receive 
and  give  out  invitations.  If  the  newly  married  pair 
thus  begin  house-keeping  in  their  own  way,  they 
generally  issue  a  few  "  At  Home  "  cards,  and  thereby 
open  an  easy  door  for  future  hospitalities.  Certainly 
the  once  perfunctory  bridal  tour  is  no  longer  deemed 
essential,  and  the  more  sensible  fashion  exists  of  the 
taking  of  a  friend's  house  a  few  miles  out  of  town  for 
a  month. 

If  the  bridal  pair  go  to  a  watering-place  during 
their  early  married  days,  they  should  be  very  careful 
of  outward  display  of  tenderness. 

Such  exhibitions  in  the  cars  or  in  public  places  as 
one  often  sees,  of  the  bride  laying  her  head  on  her 
husband's  shoulder,  holding  hands,  or  kissing,  are  at 
once  vulgar  and  indecent.  All  public  display  of  an 
affectionate  nature  should  be  sedulously  avoided.  The 
affections  are  too  sacred  for  such  outward  showing, 
and  the  lookers-on  are  in  a  very  disagreeable  position. 
The  French  call  love-making  Vigoisnte  d  deux,  and  no 
egotism  is  agreeable.  People  who  see  a  pair  of  young 
doves  cooing  in  public  are  apt  to  say  that  a  quarrel  is 
not  far  off.     It  is  possible  for  a  lover  to  show  every 


DAY    OF   BBOEPTION.  119 

attention,  every  assiduity,  and  not  to  overdo  his  dem- 
onstrations. It  is  quite  possible  for  the  lady  to  be 
fond  of  her  husband  without  committing  the  slightest 
offence  against  good  taste. 

The  young  couple  are  not  expected,  unless  fortune 
has  been  exceptionally  kind,  to  be  immediately  re- 
sponsive in  the  matter  of  entertainments.  The  outer 
world  is  only  too  happy  to  entertain  them.  Nothing 
can  be  more  imprudent  than  for  a  young  couple  to 
rush  into  expenditures  which  may  endanger  their 
future  happiness  and  peace  of  mind,  nor  should  they 
feel  that  they  are  obliged  at  once  to  return  the  din- 
ners and  the  parties  given  to  them.  The  time  will 
come,  doubtless,  when  they  will  be  able  to  do  so. 

But  the  announcement  of  a  day  on  which  the  bride 
will  receive  her  friends  is  almost  indispensable.  The 
refreshments  on  these  occasions  should  not  exceed 
tea  and  cake,  or,  at  the  most,  punch,  tea,  chocolate, 
and  cakes,  which  may  stand  on  a  table  at  one  end  of 
the  room,  or  may  be  handed  by  a  waiter.  Bouillon, 
on  a  cold  day  of  winter,  is  also  in  order,  and  is  per- 
haps the  most  serviceable  of  all  simple  refreshments. 
For  in  giving  a  "  four-o'clock  tea,"  or  several  day  re- 
ceptions, a  large  entertainment  is  decidedly  vulgar. 
Let  it  be  composed  of  tea,  chocolate,  sandwiches,  and 
cakes  ;  perhaps  a  few  bonbons. 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

GOLD,  SILVER,  AND   TIN    WBDDING8. 

Very  few  people  have  the  golden  opportunity  of 
living  together  for  fifty  years  in  the  holy  estate  of 
matrimony.  When  they  have  overcome  in  so  great  a 
degree  the  many  infirmities  of  the  flesh,  and  the  com- 
mon incompatibility  of  tempers,  they  deserve  to  be 
congratulated,  and  to  have  a  wedding  festivity  which 
shall  be  as  ceremonious  as  the  first  one,  and  twice  as 
impressive.     But  what  shall  we  give  them  ? 

The  gifts  of  gold  must  be  somewhat  circumscribed, 
and  therefore  the  injunction,  so  severe  and  so  unal- 
terable, which  holds  good  at  tin  and  silver  weddings, 
that  no  presents  must  be  given  of  any  other  metal 
than  that  designated  by  the  day,  does  not  hold  good 
at  a  golden  wedding.  A  card  printed  in  gold  letters, 
announcing  that  John  Anderson  and  Mary  Brown 
were  married,  for  instance,  in  1830j  and  will  celebrate 
their  golden  wedding  in  1880,  is  generally  the  only 
golden  manifestation.  One  of  the  cards  recently  is- 
sued reads  in  this  way : 

Mr.  and  Mrs,  John  Anderson, 

At  Home  Not&wJb&r  tamity-first,  1899. 

Oolden  Wedding, 

17  Ca/rmichad  Street, 

at  eight  o'clock. 


GOLDEN  WEDDINGS.  121 

All  done  in  gold,  on  white,  thick  English  paper,  thai 
is  nearly  all  the  exhibition  of  gold  necessary  at  a 
golden  wedding,  unless  some  friend  gives  the  aged 
bride  a  present  of  jewellery.  The  bride  receives  her 
children  and  grandchildren  dressed  in  some  article 
which  she  wore  at  her  first  wedding,  if  any  remain. 
Sometimes  a  veil,  or  a  handkerchief,  or  a  fan,  scarcely 
ever  the  whole  dress,  has  lasted  fifty  years,  and  she 
holds  a  bouquet  of  white  flowers.  A  wedding-cake 
is  prepared  with  a  ring  in  it,  and  on  the  frosting  is 
the  date,  and  the  monogram  of  the  two,  who  have 
lived  together  so  long. 

These  golden  weddings  are  apt  to  be  sad.  It  is 
not  well  for  the  old  to  keep  anniversaries — too  many 
ghosts  come  to  the  feast.  Still,  if  people  are  happy 
enough  to  wish  to  do  so,  there  can  be  no  harm  in  it. 
Their  surroundings  may  possibly  surpass  their  fond- 
est dreams,  but  as  it  regards  themselves,  the  contrast 
is  painful.  They  have  little  in  common  with  bridal 
joys,  and  unless  it  is  the  wish  of  some  irrepressible 
descendant,  few  old  couples  care  to  celebrate  the 
golden  wedding  save  in  their  hearts.  If  they  have 
started  at  the  foot  of  the  ladder,  and  have  risen,  they 
may  not  wish  to  remember  their  early  struggles ;  if 
they  have  started  high,  and  have  gradually  sunk  into 
poverty  or  ill  health,  they  certainly  do  not  wish  to 
photograph  those  better  days  by  the  fierce  light  of 
an  anniversary.  It  is  only  the  very  exceptionally 
good,  happy,  and  serene  people  who  can  afford  to 
celebrate  a  golden  wedding. 

Far  otherwise  with  the  silver  wedding,  which  comes 
in  this  country  while  people  are  still  young,  in  the 


\ 


122  MANNBBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

very  prime  of  life,  with  much  before  them,  and  when 
to  stop  midway  to  take  an  account  of  one's  friends 
and  one's  blessings  is  a  wise  and  a  pleasant  thing. 
The  cards  are  issued,  printed  in  silver,  somewhat  in 
this  style : 

1900.  1900. 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Ga/rter 

request  the  pleasure  of  your  company 

on  Wednesday,  October  the  itDenty-seventh, 

aJt  eight  o^ctock. 

SUmt  Wedding, 
John  Garter.  Sarah  Smith, 

Such,  at  least,  is  one  form.  Many  people  do  not, 
however,  add  their  names  at  the  end ;  while,  again, 
some  go  even  farther,  and  transcribe  the  marriage 
notice  from  the  newspaper  of  the  period. 

Gifts  of  silver  being  comparatively  inexpensive, 
and  always  useful,  almost  all  friends  who  are  invited 
send  a  gift  of  silver- ware,  marked  "  Silver  Wedding ;" 
or,  still  better,  marked  with  an  appropriate  motto, 
and  the  initials  of  the  pair,  engraved  in  a  true-lover's 
knot. 

In  old  Dutch  silver  these  pretty  monograms  and 
the  lover's  knot  are  very  common.  This  was  proba- 
bly put  upon  the  original  wedding  silver,  and  we 
know  that  the  art  was  studied  by  such  men  as  Al- 
brecht  Durer,  Benvenuto  Cellini,  and  Kubens,  for 
we  find  among  their  drawings  many  monograms  and 
such  devices.  It  adds  very  much  to  the  beauty  of  a 
piece  of  silver  to  bear  such  engraving,  and  it  is  al- 
ways well  to  add  a  motto,  or  a  "posy,"  as  the  old 
phrase  has  it,  thus  investing  the  gift  with  a  personal 


SILYEB   WEDDING   PRESENTS.  123 

interest,  in  our  absence  of  armorial  bearings.  Since 
many  pretty  ornaments  come  in  silver,  it  is  possible 
to  vary  the  gifts  by  sometimes  presenting  flacons  (a 
pendant  ^/^on  for  the  chdtelaine:  some  very  artistic 
things  come  in  this  pretty  ornament  now,  with  col- 
ored plagues  representing  antique  figures,  etc.). 
Sometimes  a  costly  intaglio  is  sunk  in  silver  and 
set  as  a  pin.  Clocks  of  silver,  bracelets,  statuary  in 
silver,  necklaces,  picture-frames,  and  filigree  pendants 
hanging  to  silver  necklaces  which  resemble  pearls; 
beautiful  jewel-cases  and  boxes  for  the  toilet ;  dress- 
ing-cases well  furnished  with  silver ;  hand-mirrors  set 
in  fretted  silver ;  bracelets,  pendant  seals,  and  medal- 
lions in  high  relief — all  come  now  for  gifts  in  the 
second  precious  metal.  A  very  pretty  gift  was  de- 
signed by  a  young  artist  for  his  mother  on  the  cele- 
bration of  her  silver  wedding.  It  was  a  monogram 
and  love-knot  after  the  fashion  of  the  seventeenth 
century,  and  made,  when  joined,  a  superb  belt-clasp, 
each  little  ornament  of  the  relief  repeating  the  two 
dates.  Mantle  clasps  of  solid  silver  ornamented  with 
precious  stones,  and  known  in  the  Middle  Ages  as 
fermiUeUy  are  pretty  presents,  and  these  ornaments 
can  be  also  enriched  with  gold  and  enamel  without 
losing  their  silver  character.  Chimerical  animals  and 
floral  ornaments  are  often  used  in  enriching  these 
agrafes. 

Mirrors  set  in  silver  are  very  handsome  for  the 
toilet  -  table ;  also,  brushes  and  combs  can  be  made 
of  it.  All  silver  is  apt  to  tarnish,  but  a  dip  in  water 
and  ammonia  cleans  it  at  onise,  and  few  people  now 
like  the  white  foamy  silver ;  that  which  has  assumed 


•124  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGB8. 

a  gray  tint  is  much  more  admired.  Indeed,  artistic 
jewellers  have  introduced  the  hammered  silver,  which 
looks  like  an  old  tin  teapot,  and  to  the  admirers  of 
the  real  silver  tint  is  very  ugly ;  but  it  renders  the 
wearing  of  a  silver  chdtelaine  very  much  easier,  for 
the  chains  and  ornaments  which  a  lady  now  wears  on 
her  belt  are  sure  to  grow  daily  into  the  fashion.  Sil- 
ver parasol  handles  are  also  very  fashionable.  We 
have  enlarged  upon  this  subject  of  gifts  of  silver  in 
answer  to  several  questions  as  to  what  it  is  proper  to 
give  at  a  silver  wedding.  Of  course  the  wealthy  can 
send  pitchers,  vases,  vegetable  dishes,  soup  tureens, 
and  waiters.  All  the  beautiful  things  which  are  now 
made  by  our  silversmiths  are  tempting  to  the  purse. 
There  are  also  handsome  silver  necklaces,  holding  old 
and  rare  coins,  and  curious  watches  of  silver,  resem- 
bling fruits,  nuts,  and  animals.  The  farther  back  we 
go  in  the  history  of  silver- ware,  the  better  models  we 
are  sure  to  obtain. 

As  for  the  entertainment,  it  includes  the  inevitable 
cake,  of  course,  and  the  bride  puts  the  knife  into  it 
as  she  did  twenty-five  years  ago.  The  ring  is  eagerly 
sought  for.  Then  a  large  and  plentiful  repast  is  of- 
fered, exactly  like  that  of  any  reception-table.  Cham- 
pagne is  in  order,  healths  are  drunk,  and  speeches 
made  at  most  of  these  silver  weddings. 

Particularly  delightful  are  silver  weddings  which 
are  celebrated  in  the  country,  especially  if  the  house 
is  large  enough  to  hold  a  number  of  guests.  Then 
many  a  custom  can  be  observed  of  peculiar  signifi- 
cance and  friendliness;  everybody  can  help  to  pre- 
pare the  feast,  decorate  the  house  with  flowers,  and 


TIN  AND   WOODEN   WEDDINGS.  125 

save  the  bride  from  those  tearful  moments  which 
come  with  any  retrospect.  All  should  try  to  make 
the  scene  a  merry  one,  for  there  is  no  other  reason 
for  its  celebration. 

Tin  weddings,  which  occur  after  ten  years  have 
passed  over  two  married  heads,  are  signals  for  a  gen- 
eral frolic.  Not  only  are  the  usual  tin  utensils  which 
can  be  used  for  the  kitchen  and  household  purposes 
offered,  but  fantastic  designs  and  ornaments  are  got- 
ten up  for  the  purpose  of  raising  a  laugh.  One  young 
bride  received  a  handsome  check  from  her  father-in- 
law,  who  labelled  it  "  Tin,"  and  sent  it  to  her  in  a  tin 
pocket-book  elaborately  constructed  for  the  purpose. 
One  very  pretty  tin  fender  was  constructed  for  the 
fireplace  of  another,  and  was  not  so  ugly.  A  tin 
screen,  tin  chandeliers,  tin  fans,  and  tin  tables  have 
been  offered.  If  these  serve  no  other  purpose,  they 
do  admirably  for  theatrical  properties  later,  if  the 
family  like  private  plays,  etc.,  at  home. 

Wooden  weddings  occur  after  five  years  of  mar- 
riage, and  afford  the  bride  much  refurnishing  of  the 
kitchen,  and  nowadays  some  beautiful  presents  of 
wood-carving.  The  wooden  wedding,  which  was  be- 
gun in  jest  with  a  step-ladder  and  a  rolling-pin  several 
years  ago,  now  threatens  to  become  a  very  splendid 
anniversary  indeed,  since  the  art  of  carving  in  wood 
is  so  popular,  and  so  much  practised  by  men  and 
women.  Every  one  is  ready  for  a  carved  box,  picture- 
frame,  screen,  sideboard,  chair,  bureau,  dressing-table, 
crib,  or  bedstead.  Let  no  one  be  afraid  to  offer  a  bit 
of  wood  artistically  carved.  Everything  is  in  order 
but  wooden  nutmegs ;  they  are  ruled  out. 


126  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

At  one  of  the  golden  weddings  of  the  Rothschilds 
we  read  of  such  presents  as  a  solid  gold  dinner  ser- 
vice ;  a  chased  cup  of  Benvenuto  Cellini  in  solid  gold^ 
enriched  with  precious  stones ;  a  box,  with  cover  of 
gold,  in  the  early  Renaissance,  with  head  of  Marie 
de  Medicis  in  oxidized  gold;  of  rings  from  Cyprus, 
containing  sapphires  from  the  tombs  of  the  Crusaders ; 
of  solid  crystals  cut  in  drinking  cups,  with  handles  of 
gold;  of  jade  goblets  set  in  gold  saucers;  of  sing- 
ing-birds in  gold ;  and  of  toilet  appliances,  all  in  solid 
gold,  not  to  speak  of  chains,  rings,  etc.  This  is  luxury, 
and  as  such  to  be  commended  to  those  who  can  afford 
it.  But  it  must  entail  great  inconvenience.  Gold  is 
so  valuable  that  a  small  piece  of  it  goes  a  great  way, 
and  even  a  Rothschild  would  not  like  to  leave  out  a 
gold  dressing-case,  lest  it  might  tempt  the  most  honest 
of  waiting-women. 

No  doubt  somjB  of  our  millionaire  Americans  can 
afford  such  golden  wedding -presents,  but  of  course 
they  are  rare,  and  even  if  common,  would  be  less  in 
keeping  than  some  less  magnificent  gifts.  Our  re- 
publican simplicity  would  be  outraged  and  shocked 
at  seeing  so  much  coin  of  the  realm  kept  out  of  cir- 
culation. 

There  are,  however,  should  we  wish  to  make  a  pres- 
ent to  a  bride  of  fifty  years'  standing,  many  charming 
bits  of  gold  jewellery  very  becoming,  very  artistic,  and 
not  too  expensive  for  a  moderate  purse.  There  are 
the  delicate  productions  of  Castellani,  the  gold  and 
enamel  of  Venice,  the  gold- work  of  several  different 
colors  which  has  become  so  artistic;  there  are  the 
modem  antiques,  copied  from  the  Phoenician  jewellery 


GOLDBN  WSDDINa  PBBSBNTS.  127 

found  at  Cyprus — these  made  into  pins  for  the  cap, 
pendants  for  the  neck,  rings  and  bracelets,  boxes  for 
the  holding  of  small  sweetmeats,  so  fashionable  many 
years  ago,  are  pretty  presents  for  an  elderly  lady. 
For  a  gentleman  it  is  more  difficult  to  find  souvenirs. 
We  must  acknowledge  that  it  is  always  difficult  to 
select  a  present  for  a  gentleman.  Unless  he  has  as 
many  feet  as  Briareus  had  hands,  or  unless  he  is  a 
centipede,  he  cannot  wear  all  the  slippers  given  tc 
him;  and  the  shirt-studs  and  sleeve-buttons  are  equal- 
ly burdensome.  Rings  are  now  fortunately  in  fash- 
ion, and  can  be  as  expensive  as  one  pleases.  But  one 
almost  regrets  the  disuse  of  snuff,  as  that  gave  occa- 
sion for  many  beautiful  boxes.  It  would  be  difficult 
to  find,  however,  such  gold  snuffboxes  as  were  once 
handed  round  among  monarchs  and  among  wealthy 
snuffers.  The  giving  of  wedding-presents  has  had  to 
endure  many  changes  since  its  first  beginning,  which 
was  a  wise  and  generous  desire  to  help  the  young 
pair  to  begin  house-keeping.  It  has  become  now  an 
occasion  of  ostentation.  So  with  the  gifts  at  the  gold 
and  silver  weddings.  They  have  almost  ceased  to  be 
friendly  offerings,  and  are  oftener  a  proof  of  the  giv- 
er's wealth  than  of  his  love. 

No  wonder  that  some  delicate-minded  people,  wish- 
ing to  celebrate  their  silver  wedding,  cause  a  line 
to  be  printed  on  their  invitations,  "No  presents  re- 
ceived." 

Foreigners  have  a  beautiful  custom,  which  we  have 
not,  of  remembering  every  f^te  day,  every  birthday, 
every  saint's  day,  in  a  friend's  calendar.  A  bouquet, 
a  present  of  fruit,  a  kind  note,  a  little  celebration 


128  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   VSA6BS. 

which  costs  nothing,  occurs  in  every  family  on  papa's 
birthday  or  mamma's  f^te  day.  But  as  we  have  noth- 
ing of  that  sort,  and  as  most  people  prefer  that,  as  in 
the  case  of  the  hero  of  the  Pirates^  a  birthday  shall 
only  come  once  in  four  years,  it  is  well  for  us  to  cele- 
brate the  tin,  silver,  and  golden  weddings. 

But  there  is  no  law  of  etiquette  in  such  matters  as 
these.     It  is  purely  a  case  of  individual  feeling. 


CHAPTER  XV. 

THB   ETIQUETTE    OF   BALLS. 

A  HOSTESS  must  not  use  the  word  "  ball "  on  hei 
invitation-cards.     She  may  say, 

Mrs,  John  Brown  requests  the  pleasure  of  the  company  of 

Mr.  and  Mrs,  Amos  Smith 

on  Thursday  evening,  November  tiMntysecond, 

at  nine  o'clock. 
Dancing,  R,  8.  V.  P. 

Or, 

Mrs,  John  Brown 

At  Horns 

Thursday  evening ,  November  twenty-second, 

at  nine  o'clock. 
Cotillon  at  ten,  E.  S,  V.  P, 

But  she  should  not  indicate  further  the  purpose  of 
her  party.  In  New  York,  where  young  ladies  are  in- 
troduced to  society  by  means  of  a  ball  at  Delmonico's, 
the  invitation  is  frequently  worded, 

Mr,  and  Mrs,  Amos  Smith  request  the  pleasure 

of  Mr.  and  Mrs.  Smith's  company 

on  Thursday  evening,  November  twenty -second, 

at  nine  o'dock, 
DelMonieo*s, 

The  card  of  the  young  debutante  is  sometimes  (al- 
though not  always)  enclosed. 


130  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

If  these  invitations  are  sent  to  new  acquaintances, 
or  to  strangers  in  town,  the  card  of  the  gentleman  is 
enclosed  to  gentlemen,  that  of  both  the  gentleman 
and  his  wife  to  ladies  and  gentlemen,  if  it  is  a  first 
invitation. 

A  ballroom  should  be  very  well  lighted,  exceeding 
ly  well  ventilated,  and  very  gayly  dressed.  It  is  the 
height  of  the  gayety  of  the  day ;  and  although  dinner 
calls  for  handsome  dress,  a  ball  demands  it.  Young 
persons  of  slender  figure  prefer  light,  diaphanous 
dresses;  the  chaperons  can  wear  heavy  velvet  and 
brocade.  Jewels  are  in  order.  The  great  number  of 
bouquets  sent  to  a  debutante  is  often  embarrassing. 
The  present  fashion  is  to  have  them  hung,  by  different 
ribbons,  on  the  arm,  so  that  they  look  as  if  almost  a 
trimming  to  the  dress. 

Gentlemen  who  have  not  selected  partners  before 
the  ball  come  to  their  hostess  and  ask  to  be  presented 
to  ladies  who  will  dance  with  them.  As  a  hostess 
cannot  leave  her  place  while  receiving,  and  people 
come  at  all  hours  to  a  ball,  she  generally  asks  two  or 
three  well-known  society  friends  to  receive  with  her, 
who  will  take  this  part  of  her  duty  off  her  hands,  for 
no  hostess  likes  to  see  "  wall-flowers  "  at  her  ball :  she 
wishes  all  her  young  people  to  enjoy  themselves. 
Well-bred  young  men  always  say  to  the  hostess  that 
they  beg  of  her  to  introduce  them  to  ladies  who  may 
be  without  partners,  as  they  would  gladly  make  them- 
selves useful  to  her.  After  dancing  with  a  lady,  and 
walking  about  the  room  with  her  for  a  few  times^  a 
gentleman  is  at  perfect  liberty  to  take  the  young  lady 
back  to  her  chaperon  and  plead  another  engagement. 


BALLBOOM   CONYBNIBNGB.  131 

A  great  drawback  to  balls  in  America  is  the  lack  of 
convenience  for  those  who  wish  to  remain  seated.  In 
Europe,  where  the  elderly  are  first  considered,  seats  are 
placed  around  the  room,  somewhat  high,  for  the  chap- 
erons, and  at  their  feet  sit  the  debutantes.  These  red- 
covered  sofas,  in  two  tiers,  as  it  were,  are  brought  in 
by  the  upholsterer  (as  we  hire  chairs  for  the  crowded 
mimcales  or  readings  so  common  in  large  cities),  and 
are  very  convenient.  It  is  strange  that  all  large  halls 
are  not  furnished  with  them,  as  they  make  every  one 
comfortable  at  very  little  expense,  and  add  to  the  ap- 
pearance of  the  room.  A  row  of  well-dressed  ladies, 
in  velvet,  brocade,  and  diamonds,  some  with  white 
hair,  certainly  forms  a  very  distinguished  background 
for  those  who  sit  at  their  feet. 

Supper  is  generally  served  all  the  evening  from  a 
table  on  which  flowers,  fruits,  candelabra,  silver,  and 
glass  are  displayed,  and  which  is  loaded  with  hot 
oysters,  boned  turkey,  salmon,  game  pdtis,  salads, 
ices,  jellies,  and  fruits,  from  the  commencement  of 
the  evening.  A  hot  supper,  with  plentiful  cups  of 
bouillon,  is  served  again  for  those  who  dance  the 
german. 

But  if  the  hostess  so  prefer,  the  supper  is  not 
served  until  she  gives  the  word,  when  her  husband 
leads  the  way  with  the  most  distinguished  lady  pres- 
ent, the  rest  of  the  company  following.  The  hostess 
rarely  goes  in  to  supper  until  every  one  has  been 
served.  She  takes  the  opportunity  of  walking  about 
her  ballroom  to  see  if  every  one  is  happy  and  at- 
tended to.  If  she  does  go  to  supper,  it  is  in  order 
to  accompany   some   distinguished  guest  —  like  the 


I 


132  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGBS. 

President,  for  instance.  This  is,  however,  a  point 
which  may  he  left  to  the  tact  of  the  hostess. 

A  young  lady  is  not  apt  to  forget  her  ballroom 
engagements,  but  she  should  be  sure  not  to  do  so. 
She  must  be  careful  not  to  offend  one  gentleman  by 
refusing  to  dance  with  him,  and  then  accepting  the 
offer  of  another.  Such  things,  done  by  frivolous  girls, 
injure  a  young  man's  feelings  unnecessarily,  and  prove 
that  the  young  lady  has  not  had  the  training  of  a 
gentlewoman.  A  young  man  should  not  forget  if  he 
has  asked  a  young  lady  for  the -cotillon.  He  must 
send  her  a  bouquet,  and  be  on  hand  to  dance  with 
her.  If  kept  away  by  sickness  or  a  death  in  his 
family,  he  must  send  her  a  note  before  the  appointed 
hour. 

It  is  not  necessary  to  take  leave  of  your  hostess  at 
a  ball.  All  that  she  requires  of  you  is  to  bow  to  her 
on  entering,  and  to  make  yourself  as  agreeable  and 
happy  as  you  can  while  in  her  house. 

Young  men  are  not  always  as  polite  as  they  should 
be  at  balls.  They  ought,  if  well-bred,  to  look  about, 
and  see  if  any  lady  has  been  left  unattended  at 
supper,  to  ask  if  they  can  go  for  refreshments,  if 
they  can  lead  a  lady  to  a  seat,  go  for  a  carriage,  etc. 
It  is  not  an  impertinence  for  a  young  man  thus  to 
speak  to  a  lady  older  than  himself,  even  if  he  has  not 
been  introduced;  the  roof  is  a  sufficient  introduction 
for  any  such  purpose. 

The  first  persons  asked  to  dance  by  the  young  gen- 
tlemen invited  to  a  house  should  be  the  daughters 
of  the  house.  To  them  and  to  their  immediate  rela- 
tives and  friends  must  the  first  attention  be  paid. 


LACK   OF   CHAPEBOIfS   AT  BALLS.  133 

It  is  not  wise  for  young  ladies  to  join  in  every 
dance,  nor  should  a  young  chaperon  dance,  leaving 
her  protegee  sitting.  The  very  bad  American  custom 
of  sending  several  young  girls  to  st  ball  with  a  very 
young  chaperon  —  perhaps  one  of  their  number  who 
has  just  been  married — has  led  to  great  vulgarity  in 
our  American  city  life,  not  to  say  to  that  general 
misapprehension  of  foreigners  which  offends  without 
correcting  our  national  vanity.  A  mother  should  en- 
deavor to  attend  balls  with  her  daughters,  and  to  stay 
as  long  as  they  do.  But  many  mothers  say,  "  We  are 
not  invited :  there  is  not  room  for  us."  Then  her 
daughters  should  nqt  accept.  It  is  a  very  poor  Amer- 
ican custom  not  to  invite  the  mothers.  Let  a  lady 
give  two  or  three  balls,  if  her  list  is  so  large  that  she 
can  only  invite  the  daughters  if  she  give  but  one  If 
it  be  absolutely  necessary  to  limit  the  invitations,  the 
father  should  go  with  the  daughters,  for  who  else  is 
to  escort  them  to  their  carnage,  take  care  of  them  if 
they  faint,  or  look  to  their  special  or  accidental 
wants?  The  fact  that  a  few  established  old  veterans 
of  society  insist  upon  "  lagging  superfluous  on  the 
stage "  should  not  deter  ladies  who  entertain  from 
being  true  to  the  ideas  of  the  best  society,  which  cer- 
tainly are  in  favor  of  cbaperonage. 

A  lady  should  not  overcrowd  her  rooms.  To  put 
Ave  hundred  people  into  a  hot  room,  with  no  chairs 
to  rest  in,  and  little  air  to  breathe,  is  to  apply  a  very 
cruel  test  to  friendship.  It  is  this  impossibility  of 
putting  one's  "five  hundred  dear  friends"  into  a 
narrow  house  which  has  led  to  the  giving  of  balls  at 
public  rooms — an  innovation  which  shocked  a  French 


134  HANNBBS  AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

narrow  house  which  has  led  to  the  giving  of  balls  at 
public  rooms — an  innovation  which  shocked  a  French 
woman  of  rank  who  married  an  American.  "  You  have 
no  safeguard  for  society  in  America,"  she  observed, 
"  but  your  homes.  No  aristocracy,  no  king,  no  court, 
no  traditions,  but  the  sacred  one  of  home.  Now,  do 
you  not  run  great  risks  when  you  abandon  your 
homes,  and  bring  out  your  girls  at  a  hotel  ?"  There 
is  something  in  her  wise  remarks ;  and  with  the  care- 
lessness of  chaperonage  in  cities  which  are  now  large- 
ly populated  by  irresponsible  foreigners  the  dangers 
increase. 

The  first  duty  of  a  gentleman  on  entering  a  ball- 
room is  to  make  his  bow  to  the  lady  of  the  house  and 
to  her  daughters ;  he  should  then  strive  to  find  his 
host — a  very  difficult  business  sometimes.  Young  men 
are  to  be  very  much  censured,  however,  who  do  not 
find  out  their  host,  and  insist  on  being  presented  to 
him.  PaterfamUias  in  America  is  sometimes  thought 
to  hold  a  very  insignificant  place  in  his  own  house, 
and  be  good  for  nothing  but  to  draw  checks.  This  is 
indicative  of  a  very  low  social  condition,  and  no  man 
invited  to  a  gentleman's  house  should  leave  it  until  he 
has  made  his  bow  to  the  head  thereof. 

It  is  proper  for  intimate  friends  to  ask  for  invita- 
tions for  other  friends  to  a  ball,  particularly  for  young 
gentlemen  who  are  "dancing  men."  More  prudence 
should  be  exercised  in  asking  in  behalf  of  ladies,  but 
the  hostess  has  always  the  privilege  of  saying  that 
her  list  is  full,  if  she  does  not  wish  to  invite  her 
friends'  friends.  No  offence  should  be  taken  if  this 
refusal  be  given  politely. 


CHAPTER  XVn. 

LETTERS    AND   LETTER-WBITINO. 

The  person  who  can  write  a  graceful  note  is  always 
spoken  of  with  phrases  of  commendation.  The  epis- 
tolary art  is  said  to  be  especially  feminine,  and  the 
novelists  and  essayists  are  full  of  compliments  to  the 
sex,  which  is  alternately  praised  and  objurgated,  as 
man  feels  well  or  ill.  Bulwer  says :  "  A  woman  is 
the  genius  of  epistolary  communication.  Even  men 
write  better  to  a  woman  than  to  one  of  their  own  sex. 
No  doubt  they  conjure  up,  while  writing,  the  loving, 
listening  face,  the  tender,  pardoning  heart,  the  ready 
tear  of  sympathy,  and  passionate  confidences  of  heart 
and  brain  flow  rapidly  from  the  pen."  But  there  is 
no  such  thing  now  as  an  "  epistolary  style."  Our  im- 
mediate ancestors  wrote  better  and  longer  letters  than 
we  do.  They  covered  three  pages  of  large  letter- 
paper  with  crow-quill  handwriting,  folded  the  paper 
neatly,  tucked  one  edge  beneath  the  other  (for  there 
were  no  envelopes),  and  then  sealed  it  with  a  wafer 
or  with  sealing-wax.  To  send  one  of  these  epistles 
was  expensive — ^twenty-five  cents  from  New  York  to 
Boston.  However,  the  electric  telegraph  and  cheap 
postage  and  postal-cards  may  have  been  said,  in  a  way, 
to  have  ruined  correspondence  in  the  old  sense ;  lovers 
and  fond  mothers  doubtless  still  write  long  letters,  but 


136  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  business  of  the  letter-writer  proper  is  at  an  end. 
The  writing  of  notes  has,  however,  correspondingly 
increased;  and  the  last  ten  years  have  seen  a  pro- 
fuse introduction  of  emblazonqd  crest  and  cipher, 
pictorial  design,  and  elaborate  monogram  in  the  cor- 
ners of  ordinary  note-paper.  The  old  illuminated 
missal  of  the  monks,  the  fancy  of  the  Japanese,  the 
ever-ready  taste  of  the  French,  all  have  been  exhaust- 
ed to  satisfy  that  always  hungry  caprice  which  calls 
for  something  new. 

The  frequency  with  which  notes  upon  business  and 
pleasure  must  fly  across  a  city  and  a  continent  has 
done  away,  also,  with  the  sealing-wax,  whose  definite, 
red,  clear,  oval  was  a  fixture  with  our  grandfathers,  and 
which  is  still  the  only  elegant,  formal,  and  ceremoni- 
ous way  acknowledged  in  England,  of  sealing  a  letter. 

There  were,  however,  serious  objections  to  the  use 
of  wax  in  this  country,  which  were  discovered  during 
the  early  voyages  to  California.  The  intense  heat  of 
the  Isthmus  of  Panama  melted  the  wax,  and  letters 
were  irretrievably  glued  together,  to  the  loss  of  the 
address  and  the  confusion  of  the  postmaster.  So  the 
glued  envelope — common,  cheap,  and  necessary — ^be- 
came the  almost  prevailing  fashion  for  all  notes  as 
well  as  letters.  The  use  of  wax  is  prohibited  in  cor- 
lespondence  with  Cuba  and  the  Philippines. 

The  taste  for  colored  note-paper  with  flowers  in 
the  comer  was  common  among  the  belles  of  fifty 
years  ago  —  the  "  rose  -  colored  and  scented  btUet' 
doux^^  is  often  referred  to  in  the  novels  of  that  pe- 
riod. But  colored  note-paper  fell  into  disuse  long 
ago,  and  for  the  last  few  years  we  have  not  seen  the 


8TTLB   OF   NOTE-PAPBB   AND   BNYELOPBS.         137 

heavy  tints.  A  few  pale  greens,  grays,  bines,  and 
lilacs  have,  indeed,  found  a  place  in  fashionable  sta- 
tionery, and  a  deep  coffee-colored,  heavy  paper  had 
a  little  ran  about  three  years  ago ;  but  at  the  pres- 
ent moment  no  color  that  is  appreciable  is  consider- 
ed stylish,  unless  it  be  ecrUy  which  is  only  a  creamy 
white. 

Ladies  have  simply  the  address  of  their  city^  resi- 
dence or  the  name  of  their  country  place  printed  in 
one  corner  (generally  in  color),  or,  latest  device  of 
fashion,  a  fac-simile  of  their  initials,  carefully  en- 
graved, and  dashed  across  the  corner  of  the  note- 
paper.  The  day  of  the  week,  also  copied  from  their 
own  handwriting,  is  often  impressed  upon  the  square 
cards  now  so  much  in  use  for  short  notes,  or  on  the 
note-paper. 

There  is  one  fashion  which  has  never  changed,  and 
will  never  change,  which  is  always  in  good  taste,  and 
<Vhich,  perhaps,  would  be  to-day  the  most  perfect  of 
all  styles,  and  that  is,  good,  plain,  thick,  English  note- 
paper,  folded  square,  put  in  a  square  envelope,  and 
sealed  with  sealing-wax  which  bears  the  imprint  of 
the  writer's  coat  of  arms.  No  one  can  make  any 
mistake  who  uses  such  stationery  as  this  in  any  part 
of  the  world.  On  such  paper  and  in  such  form  are 
ambassadors'  notes  written ;  on  such  paper  and  in 
such  style  would  the  Princess  Louise  write  her  notes. 

However,  there  is  no  law  against  the  monogram. 
Many  ladies  still  prefer  it,  and  always  use  the  paper 
which  has  become  familiar  to  their  friends.  It  is, 
however,  a  past  rather  than  a  present  fashion. 

The  plan  of  having  all  the  note-paper  marked  with 


138  ICANNEBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

the  address  is  an  admirable  one,  for  it  effectually  re- 
minds the  person  who  receives  the  note  where  the 
answer  should  be  sent — information  of  which  some 
ladies  forget  the  importance,  and  which  should  al- 
ways be  written,  if  not  printed,  at  the  head  of  a  let- 
ter. It  also  gives  a  stylish  finish  to  the  appearance 
of  the  note-paper,  is  simple,  unpretending,  and  useful. 

The  ink  should  invariably  be  black.  From  the  very 
superior,  lasting  qualities  of  a  certain  purple  fluid, 
which  never  became  thick  in  the  inkstand,  certain 
ladies,  a  few  years  ago,  used  the  purple  and  lilac  inks 
very  much.  But  they  are  not  elegant ;  they  are  not 
in  fashion ;  the  best  note-writers  do  not  use  them. 
The  plain  black  ink,  which  gives  the  written  charac- 
ters great  distinctness,  is  the  only  fashionable  medium. 

Every  lady  should  study  to  acquire  an  elegant,  free, 
and  educated  hand;  there  is  nothing  so  useful,  so  sure 
to  commend  the  writer  everywhere,  as  such  a  chirog- 
raphy;  while  a  cramped,  poor,  slovenly,  uneducated, 
unformed  handwriting  is  sure  to  produce  the  impres- 
sion upon  the  reader  that  those  qualities  are  more  or 
less  indicative  of  the  writer's  character.  It  is  very 
vulgar  to  sign  a  note  "Mrs.  G.  F.  Brown";  write 
"  Gertrude  F.  Brown."  The  angular  English  hand  is 
at  present  the  fashion,  although  less  legible  and  not 
more  beautiful  than  the  round  hand.  We  cannot  enter 
into  that  great  question  as  to  whether  or  not  hand- 
writing is  indicative  of  character ;  but  we  hold  that 
a  person's  notes  are  generally  characteristic,  and  that 
a  neat,  flowing,  graceful  hand,  and  a  clean  sheet,  free 
from  blots,  are  always  agreeable  to  the  eye.  The 
writer  of  notes,  also,  must  carefully  discriminate  be- 


COBBBCT  MODS   OF  WBITING  INYITATIOKS.       139 

tween  the  familiar  note  and  the  note  of  ceremony, 
and  should  learn  how  to  write  both. 

Custom  demands  that  we  begin  all  notes  in  the  first 
person,  with  the  formula  of  "  My  dear  Mrs.  Smith," 
and  that  we  close  with  the  expressions,  "Yours  cor- 
dially," "Yours  with  much  regard,"  etc.  The  laws 
of  etiquette  do  not  permit  us  to  use  numerals,  as  3, 
4,  6,  but  demand  that  we  write  out  ihree^  four^  Jive. 
No  abbreviations  are  allowed  in  a  note  to  a  friend, 
as,  "S^  be  glad  to  see  you;"  one  must  write  out, 
"I  should  be  glad  to  see  you."  The  older  letter- 
writers  were  punctilious  about  writing  the  first  word  of 
the  page  below  the  last  line  of  the  page  preceding  it. 
The  date  should  follow  the  signing  of  the  name. 

A  great  and  very  conmion  mistake  existing  among 
careless  letter- writers  is  the  confusion  of  the  first  and 
third  persons ;  as  a  child  would  write,  "  Miss  Lucy 
Clark  will  be  happy  to  come  to  dinner,  but  I  am  go- 
ing somewhere  else."  This  is,  of  course,  wildly  igno- 
rant and  improper. 

A  note  in  answer  to  an  invitation  should  be  written 
in  the  third  person,  if  the  invitation  be  in  the  third 
person.  No  abbreviations,  no  visible  hurry,  but  an 
elaborate  and  finished  ceremony  should  mark  such 
epistles.  For  instance,  an  acceptance  of  a  dinner 
invitation  must  be  written  in  this  form : 

Mr.  and  Mr$.  Cadogan 

ha/oe  great  pleasure  in  accepting  the  poUte 

invitation  of 

Mr  and  Mrs.  SiUherkmd 

foTfiUnner  on  tJie  seventeenth  inst.,  cU  seven  o*dock, 

18  Lornba/rd  Bqua/re, 
July  sixth. 


140  MANNBBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

One  lady  in  New  York  was  known  to  answer  a  din- 
ner invitation  simply  with  the  words,  "Come  with 
pleasure."  It  is  unnecessary  to  add  that  she  was 
never  invited  again. 

It  is  impossible  to  give  persons  minute  directions  as 
to  the  style  of  a  note,  for  that  must  be  the  outgrowth 
of  years  of  careful  education,  training,  and  good  men- 
tal powers.  "  To  write  a  pretty  note  "  is  also  some- 
what of  a  gift.  Some  young  men  and  young  girls 
find  it  very  easy,  others  can  scarcely  acquire  the 
power.  It  is,  however,  absolutely  necessary  to  strive 
for  it. 

In  the  first  place,  arrange  your  ideas,  know  what 
you  want  to  say,  and  approach  the  business  of  writing 
a  note  with  a  certain  thoughtfulness.  If  it  is  neces- 
sary to  write  it  hastily,  summon  all  your  powers  of 
mind,  and  try  to  make  it  brief,  intelligible,  and  com- 
prehensive. 

Above  all  things,  spell  correctly,  A  word  badly 
spelled  stands  out  like  a  blot  on  a  familiar  or  a  cere- 
monious note. 

Do  not  send  a  blurred,  blotted,  slovenly  note  to 
any  one  ;  it  will  remain  to  call  up  a  certain  prejudice 
against  you  in  the  mind  of  the  recipient.  The  fashion 
is  not  now,  as  it  once  was,  imperative  that  a  margin 
be  left  around  the  edge  of  the  paper.  People  now 
write  all  over  the  paper,  and  thus  abolish  a  certain 
elegance  which  the  old  letters  undoubtedly  possessed. 
But  postage  is  a  consideration,  and  all  we  can  ask  of 
the  youthful  letter-writers  is  that  they  will  not  cross 
their  letters.  Plaid  letters  are  the  horror  Of  all  peo* 
pie  who  have  not  the  eyes  of  a  hawk. 


CUSTOM    OF   SEALING   NOTES   STILL   IN   USE.       141 

No  letter  or  note  should  be  written  on  ruled  paper. 
To  do  so  is  both  inelegant  and  unfashionable,  and  sa- 
vors of  the  school-room.  Every  young  person  should 
learn  to  write  without  lines. 

The  custom  of  closing  all  ceremonious  notes  with 
sealing-wax  is  still  adhered  to  by  the  most  fastidious. 
It  would  be  absurd^  however,  to  say  that  it  is  nearly  as 
common  as  the  more  convenient  habit  of  moistening 
the  gummed  envelope,  but  it  is  far  more  elegant, 
and  every  young  person  should  learn  how  to  seal  a 
note  properly.  To  get  a  good  impression  from  an  en- 
graved  stone  seal,  anoint  it  lightly  with  linseed-oil,  to 
keep  the  wax  from  adhering;  then  dust  it  with  rouge 
powder  to  take  off  the  gloss,  and  press  it  quickly,  but 
firmly,  on  the  melted  wax. 

Dates  and  numerical  designations,  such  as  the  num- 
ber of  a  house,  may  be  written  in  Arabic  figures,  but 
quantities  should  be  expressed  in  words.  Few  abbre- 
viations are  respectful.  A  married  lady  should  al- 
ways be  addressed  with  the  prefix  of  her  husband's 
Christian  name,  as  "  Mrs.  John  J.  Astor,"  etc. 

In  this  country,  where  we  have  no  titles,  it  is  the 
custom  to  abbreviate  everything  except  the  title  of 
"  Reverend,"  which  we  always  give  to  the  clergy. 
But  it  would  be  better  if  we  made  a  practice  of  giving 
to  each  person  his  special  title,  and  to  all  returned 
ambassadors,  members  of  Congress,  and  members  of 
the  Legislature  the  title  of  "  Honorable."  The  Ro- 
man Catholic  clergy  and  the  bishops  of  the  Episcopal 
and  Methodist  churches  should  be  addressed  by  their 
proper  titles,  and  a  note  should  be,  like  a  salutation, 
infused  with  respect.     It  honors  the  writer  and  the 


142  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

person  to  whom  it  is  written,  while  a  careless  letter 
may  injure  both. 

In  the  year  1900  we  see  the  monogram  and  the  seal 
reinstated. 

No  lady  should  ever  pardon  a  man  for  sending  her 
a  type-written  letter,  unless  on  business ;  nor  should  a 
lady  presume  to  send  such  a  letter  to  a  friend  if  it  is 
an  invitation  or  an  acceptance  of  one. 


CHAPTER  XVm. 

COSTLY    THT     HABIT. 

Wb  are  often  asked  as  to  the  appropriate  dress  to 
be  worn  at  afternoon  tea,  at  balls,  at  dinners,  christen- 
ings, etc. 

Neatness  and  simple  elegance  should  always  charac- 
terize a  lady,  and  after  that  she  may  be  as  expensive 
as  she  pleases,  if  only  at  the  right  time.  And  we  may 
say  here  that  simplicity  and  plainness  characterize 
many  a  rich  woman  in  a  high  place ;  and  one  can  al- 
ways tell  a  real  lady  from  an  imitation  one  by  her 
style  of  dress.  Vulgarity  is  readily  seen  even  under 
a  costly  garment.  There  should  be  harmony  and  fit- 
ness, and  suitability  as  to  age  and  times  and  seasons. 
Every  one  can  avoid  vulgarity  and  slovenliness;  and 
in  these  'days,  when  the  fashions  travel  by  telegraph, 
one  can  be  d  la  mode. 

French  women  have  a  genius  for  dress.  An  old  or 
a  middle-aged  woman  understands  how  to  make  the 
best  of  herself  in  the  assorting  and  harmonizing  of 
colors;  she  never  commits  the  mistake  of  making  her- 
self too  youthful.  In  our  country  we  often  see  an  old 
woman  bedizened  like  a  Figurante^  imagining  that  she 
shall  gain  the  graces  of  youth  by  borrowing  its  gar- 
ments.   All  this  aping  of  youthful  dress  ^'  multiplies 


144  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  wrinkles  of  old  age,  and  makes  its  decay  more  con- 
spicuous." 

For  balls  in  this  country,  elderly  women  are  not  ex- 
pected to  go  in  low  neck  unless  they  wish  to,  so  that 
the  chaperon  can  wear  a  dress  such  as  she  would  wear 
at  a  dinner — either  a  velvet  or  brocade,  cut  in  Pompa- 
dour shape,  with  a  profusion  of  beautiful  lace.  All  her 
ornaments  should  match  in  character,  and  she  should 
be  as  unlike  her  charge  as  possible.  The  young  girls 
look  best  in  light  gossamer  material,  in  tulle,  cr^pe,  or 
tarlatan,  in  pale  light  colors  or  in  white,  while  an  elder- 
ly, stout  woman  never  looks  so  badly  as  in  low-necked 
light-colored  silks  or  satins.  Young  women  look  well 
in  natural  flowers ;  elderly  women,  in  feathers  and 
jewelled  head-dresses. 

If  elderly  women  with  full  figure  wear  low-necked 
dresses,  a  lace  shawl  or  scarf,  or  something  of  that  sort, 
should  be  thrown  over  the  neck;  and  the  same  advice 
might  be  given  to  thin  and  scrawny  figures.  A  lady 
writes  to  us  as  to  what  dress  should  be  worn  at  her 
child's  christening.  We  should  advise  a  high-necked 
dark  silk;  it  may  be  of  as  handsome  material  as  she 
chooses,  but  it  should  be  plain  and  neat  in*  general 
effect.  No  woman  should  overdress  in  her  own  house; 
it  is  the  worst  taste.  All  dress  should  correspond  to 
the  spirit  of  the  entertainment  given.  Light  -  colored 
silks,  sweeping  trains,  bonnets  very  gay  and  garnished 
with  feathers,  lace  parasols,  and  light  gloves,  are  fit 
for  carriages  at  the  races,  but  they  are  out  of  place  for 
walking  in  the  streets.  They  may  do  for  a  wedding 
reception,  but  they  are  not  fit  for  a  picnic  or  an  excur- 
sion.   Lawn  parties,  flower  shows,  and  promenade  con- 


MOBNING   DBESSBS   FOB  LATE   BBEAKFA^T.        145 

certs,  should  all  be  dressed  for  in  a  gay,  bright  fashion; 
and  the  costumes  for  these  and  for  yachting  purposes 
may  be  as  effective  and  coquettish  as  possible;  but  for 
church,  for  readings,  for  a  morning  concert,  for  a  walk, 
or  a  morning  call  on  foot,  a  tailor-made  costume,  with 
plain,  dark  hat,  is  the  most  to  be  admired.  Never 
wear  a  "dressy"  bonnet  in  the  street. 

The  costumes  for  picnics,  excursions,  journeys,  and 
the  sea-side  should  be  of  a  strong  fabric,  simple  cut, 
and  plain  color.  Things  which  will  wash  are  better 
for  our  climate.  Serge,  tweed,  and  piqu6  are  the  best. 
The  trim  tailor-made  dresses  and  short  skirts  for  bicy- 
cle riders  leave  nothing  to  be  desired  as  to  conciseness 
and  health,  but  are  not  often  becoming. 

A  morning  dress  for  a  late  breakfast  may  be  as 
luxurious  as  one  pleases.  The  modem  fashion  of  imi- 
tation lace  put  on  in  great  quantities  over  a  foulard  or 
a  gingham,  a  muslin  or  a  cotton,  made  up  prettily,  is 
suitable  for  women  of  all  ages ;  but  an  old  "  company 
dress  "  furbished  up  to  do  duty  at  a  watering-place  is 
terrible,  and  not  to  be  endured. 

It  has  been  the  fashion  of  late  years  to  wear  full- 
dress  at  weddings.  The  groom  at  the  same  time 
wearing  morning  costume.  It  is  an  era  of  low  necks 
for  the  young,  fhe  pendulum  of  fashion  is  swing- 
ing that  way.  We  have  spoken  of  this  before,  so 
only  record  the  fact  that  the  low  neck  will  prevail  in 
many  summer  evening  house  dresses  as  well  as  for 
morning  weddings,  the  bride  always  wearing  a  high- 
necked  dress. 

The  fashion  of  draping  skirts  tightly  should  make 
all  women  very  careful  as  to  the  way  they  sit  down. 


146  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Some  Frenchman  said  he  could  tell  a  gentleman  by 
his  walk;  another  has  lately  said  that  he  can  tell 
a  lady  by  the  way  she  sits  down.  A  woman  is  al- 
lowed much  less  freedom  of  posture  than  a  man.  He 
may  change  his  position  as  he  likes,  and  loll  or  lounge, 
cross  his  legs,  or  even  nurse  his  foot  if  he  pleases;  but 
a  woman  must  have  grace  and  dignity;  in  every  gest- 
ure she  must  be  "  ladylike."  Any  one  who  has  seen 
a  great  actress  like  Modjeska  sit  down  will  know  what 
an  acquired  grace  it  is. 

A  woman  should  remember  that  she  "belongs  to 
a  sex  which  cannot  afford  to  be  grotesque."  There 
should  never  be  rowdiness  or  carelessness. 

The  mania  for  extravagant  dress  on  the  stage,  the 
piices  des.  robeSy  is  said  to  be  one  of  the  greatest  ene- 
mies of  the  legitimate  drama.  The  leading  lady  must 
have  a  conspicuous  display  of  elaborate  gowns,  the 
latest  inventions  of  the  modistes.  In  Paris  these 
stage  costumes  set  the  fashions,  and  bonnets  and  caps 
and  gowns  become  individualized  by  their  names. 
They  look  very  well  on  the  wearers,  but  they  look 
very  badly  on  some  elderly,  plain,  middle-aged,  stout 
woman  who  has  adopted  them. 

Plain  satins  and  velvet,  rich  and  dark  brocades,  made 
by  an  artist,  make  any  one  look  well.  The  elderly 
woman  should  be  able  to  move  without  effort  or  strain  of 
any  kind;  a  black  silk  well  made  is  indispensable;  and 
even  "  a  celebrity  of  a  by-gone  day  "  maybe  made  to  look 
handsome  by  a  judicious  but  not  too  brilliant  toilette. 

The  dress  called  "complimentary  mourning,"  which 
is  rather  a  contradiction  in  terms,  is  now  made  very 
elegant  and  dressy.    Black  and  white  in  all  the  changes, 


DBBSSBS  FOB   AFTERNOON  TBA.  147 

and  black  bugles  and  bead  trimming,  all  the  shades  of 
lilac  and  of  purple,  are  considered  by  the  French  as 
proper  colors  and  trimmings  in  going  out  of  black ; 
while  for  full  mourning  the  English  still  preserve  the 
cap,  weepers,  and  veil,  the  plain  muslin  collar  and  cuffs, 
the  crape  dress,  large  black  silk  cloak,  crape  bonnet 
and  veil. 

Heavy,  ostentatious,  and  expensive  habiliments  are 
often  worn  in  mourning,  but  they  are  not  in  the  best 
taste.  The  plain-surfaced  black  silks  are  commenda- 
ble. 

For  afternoon  tea  in  this  country  the  hostess  gener- 
ally wears  a  handsome  high-necked  gown,  often  a  com- 
bination of  stamped  or  brocaded  velvet,  satin,  and 
silk.  She  sometimes  wears  what  in  England  is  called  a 
"  tea-gown,"  which  is  a  semi-loose  garment.  For  visit- 
ing at  afternoon  teas  no  change  is  made  from  the  or- 
dinary walking  dress,  unless  the  three  or  four  ladies 
who  help  receive  £ome  in  handsome  reception  dresses. 
A  skirt  of  light  brocade  with  a  dark  velvet  over-dress 
is  very  much  worn  at  these  receptions,  and  if  made  by 
a  French  artist  is  a  beautiful  dress.  These  dark  vel- 
vets are  usually  made  high,  with  a  very  rich  lace  ruff. 

The  high  Medicean  collar  and  pretty  Medicean  cap 
of  velvet  are  in  great  favor  with  the  middle-aged 
ladies  of  the  present  day,  and  are  a  very  becoming 
style  of  dress  for  the  opera.  The  present  fashion  of 
full  dress  at  the  opera,  while  it  may  not  improve  the 
music,  certainly  makes  the  house  look  very  pretty  and 
stately. 

Too  many  dresses  are  a  mistake,  even  for  an  opulent 
woman.    They  get  out  of  fashion,  and  excepting  for  a 


148  MANNEBS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

girl  going  out  to  many  balls  they  are  entirely  unnec- 
essary. A  girl  who  is  dancing  needs  to  be  perpetu- 
ally renewed,  for  she  should  be  always  fresh,  and  the 
"  wear  and  tear  "  of  the  cotillon  is  enormous.  There 
is  nothing  so  poor  as  a  dirty,  faded,  and  patched-up 
ball-dress ;  the  dancer  had  better  stay  at  home  than 
wear  such. 

The  fashion  of  sleeves  should  be  considered.  A 
stout  lady  should  wear,  for  a  thin  sleeve,  black  lace 
to  the  wrist,  with  bands  of  velvet  running  down,  to 
diminish  the  size  of  the  arm.  All  lace  sleeves  to  the 
elbow,  with  drops  of  gold,  or  steel  trimming,  or  jets, 
are  very  becoming  to  any  arm. 

Tight  lacing  is  very  unbecoming  to  those  who  usu- 
ally adopt  it — women  of  thirty-eight  or  forty,  wh(\  are 
growing  a  little  too  stout.  In  thus  trussing  themselves 
up,  they  simply  get  an  unbecoming  redness  of  the  face, 
and  are  not  the  handsome,  comfortable-looking  creat- 
ures which  Heaven  intended  they  should  be.  Two  or 
three  beautiful  women,  well-known  in  society,  killed 
themselves  by  tight  lacing-  This  has  begun  to  at- 
tract the  attention  of  physicians.  The  effect  of  an 
inch  less  waist  was  not  apparent  enough  to  make  this 
a  wise  sacrifice  of  health  and  ease  of  breathing. 

At  a  lady's  lunch  party,  which  is  always  an  occasion 
for  handsome  dress,  and  where  bonnets  are  always 
worn,  the  faces  of  those  who  are  too  tightly  dressed 
always  show  the  strain  by  a  most  unbecoming  flush  ; 
and  as  American  rooms  are  always  too  warm,  the  suf- 
fering must  be  enormous. 

It  is  a  very  foolish  plan,  also,  to  starve  one's  self,  or 
^^hanty'*  for  a  graceful  thinness;   women  only  grow 


▲  WELL-DBESSED   WOMAN.  149 

wrinkled,  show  crow's-feet  under  the  eyes,  and  look 
less  young  than  those  who  let  themselves  alone. 

A  gorgeously  dressed  woman  in  the  proper  place  is 
a  fine  sight.  A  well-dressed  woman  is  she  who  under- 
stands herself  and  her  surroundings. 

The  recent  edict  of  the  Queen,  that  high  dresses 
and  long  sleeves  may  be  worn  on  a  Presentation,  will 
revolutionize  costume  in  England.  It,  however,  gives 
elderly  and  delicate  women  a  great  advantage,  as  only 
the  marble  skins  look  well  on  a  cold  English  morning. 

Tea-gowns  are  worn  at  receptions  and  afternoon 
teas,  sometimes  at  small  dinners  in  England  and  the 
United  States,  in  1900.  They  are  very  beautiful 
dresses,  often  of  white  satin  trimmed  with  sable,  and 
are  most  restful  after  a  spin  on  the  bicycle  or  the  stiff 
habit  required  by  horseback  riding.  They  give  a  re- 
lief from  the  wearisome  corset,  and  can  be  the  most 
Oriental  and  charming  things  in  the  world. 

The  present  fashion  of  white  waists,  or  waists  of  a 
different  color  from  the  dress,  is  very  cleanly,  conven- 
ient, and  economical,  but  singularly  unbecoming  to  the 
average  woman. 


CHAPTER  XIX. 

DRESSING   FOB  DBIYINO. 

No  one  who  has  seen  the  coaching  parade  in  New 
York  can  have  failed  to  observe  the  extraordinary 
change  which  has  come  over  the  fashion  in  dress  for 
this  conspicuous  occasion.  Formerly  ladies  wore  black 
silks,  or  some  dark  or  low-toned  color  in  woollen  or 
cotton  or  silk ;  and  a  woman  who  should  have  worn 
a  white  dress  on  top  of  a  coach  would,  ten  years  ago, 
have  been  thought  to  make  herself  undesirably  con- 
spicuous. 

Now  the  brightest  colored  and  richest  silks,  orange, 
blue,  pink,  and  lilac  dresses,  trimmed  with  lace  flounces, 
dinner  dresses,  in  fact — all  the  charming  confections 
of  Worth  or  Piugat  —  are  freely  displayed  on  the 
coach  -  tops,  with  the  utmost  graciousness,  for  every 
passer-by  to  comment  on.  The  lady  on  the  top  of  a 
coach  without  a  mantle  appears  very  much  as  she 
would  at  a  full-dress  ball  or  dinner.  She  then  com- 
plains that  sometimes  ill-natured  remarks  float  up 
from  the  gazers,  and  that  the  ladies  are  insulted. 
The  fashion  began  at  Longchamps  and  at  Ascot, 
where,  especially  at  the  former  place,  a  lady  was 
privileged  to  sit  in  her  victoria,  with  her  lilac  silk 
full  ruffled  to  the  waist,  in  the  most  perfect  and  aris- 
tocratic seclusion.    Then  the  fast  set  of  the  Prince 


EZAQGBRATED  STTLBS  OF  DBBSS.        151 

of  Wales  took  it  up,  and  plunged  into  rivalry  in  dress- 
ing for  the  public  procession  through  the  London 
streets,  where  a  lady  became  as  prominent  an  object 
of  observation  as  the  Lord  Mayor's  coach.  It  has 
been  taken  up  and  developed  in  America  until  it  has 
reached  a  climax  of  splendor  and,  if  we  may  say  so, 
inappropriateness,  that  is  characteristic  of  the  follow- 
ing of  foreign  fashions  in  this  country.  How  can  a 
white  satin,  trimmed  with  lace,  or  an  orange  silk,  be 
the  dress  in  which  a  lady  should  meet  the  sun,  the 
rain,  or  the  dust  of  a  coaching  expedition  ?  Is  it  the 
dress  in  which  she  feels  that  she  ought  to  meet  the 
gaze  of  a  mixed  assemblage  in  a  crowded  hotel  or  in 
a  much  frequented  thoroughfare?  What  change  of 
dress  can  there  be  left  for  the  drawing-room  ? 

We  are  glad  to  see  that  the  Princess  of  Wales, 
whose  taste  seems  to  be  as  nearly  perfect  as  may  be, 
has  determined  to  set  her  pretty  face  against  this 
exaggerated  use  of  color.  She  appeared  recently  in 
London,  on  top  of  a  coach,  in  a  suit  of  navy-blue 
flannel.  Again,  she  and  the  Empress  of  Austria  were 
described  as  wearing  dark,  neat  suits  of  drop  d^'ete^ 
and  also  broadcloth  dresses.  One  can  see  the  delicate 
figures  and  refined  features  of  these  two  royal  beau- 
ties in  this  neat  and  inconspicuous  dress,  and,  when 
they  are  contrasted  with  the  flaunting  pink  and  white 
and  lace  and  orange  dresses  of  those  who  are  not 
royal,  how  vulgar  the  extravagance  in  color  becomes ! 

Our  grandmothers  travelled  in  .broadcloth  riding- 
habits,  and  we  often  pity  them  for  the  heat  and  the 
distress  which  they  must  have  endured  in  the  heavy, 
high -fitting,  long-sleeved  garments;  yet  we  cannot 


152  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

bat  think  they  would  have  looked  better  on  top  of 
a  coach  than  their  granddaughters — who  should  re- 
member, when  they  complain  of  the  rude  remarks, 
that  we  have  no  aristocracy  here  whose  feelings  the 
mob  is  obliged  to  respect,  and  that  the  plainer  their 
dress  the  less  apt  they  will  be  to  hear  unpleasant 
epithets  applied  to  them.  In  the  present  somewhat 
aggressive  Amazonian  fashion,  when  a  woman  drives 
a  man  in  her  pony  phaeton  (he  sitting  several  inches 
below  her),  there  is  no  doubt  much  audacity  uninten- 
tionally suggested  by  a  gay  dress.  A  vulgar  man, 
seeing  a  lady  in  white  velvet,  Spanish  lace,  a  large 
hat — in  what  he  considers  a  "loud"  dress — does  not 
have  the  idea  of  modesty  or  of  refinement  conveyed 
to  his  mind  by  the  sight;  he  is  very  apt  to  laugh,  and 
to  say  something  not  wholly  respectful.  Then  the 
lady  says,  "  With  how  little  respect  women  are  treated 
in  large  cities,  or  at  Newport,  or  at  Saratoga !"  Were 
she  more  plainly  dressed,  in  a  dark  foulard  or  an  in- 
conspicuous flannel  or  cloth  dress,  with  her  hat  simply 
arranged,  she  would  be  quite  as  pretty  and  better 
fitted  for  the  matter  she  has  in  hand,  and  very  much 
less  exposed  to  invidious  comment.  Women  dress 
plainly  enough  when  tempting  the  "  salt-sea  wave,"  and 
also  when  on  horseback.  Nothing  could  be  simpler  than 
the  riding-habit,  and  yet  is  there  any  dress  so  becom- 
ing ?    But  on  the  coach  they  should  not  be  too  fine. 

Of  course,  women  can  dress  as  they  please,  but  if 
they  please  to  dress  conspicuously  they  must  be  ready 
to  take  the  consequences.  A  few  years  ago  no  lady 
would  venture  into  the  street  unless  a  mantle  or  a 
scarf  covered  her  shoulders.     It  was  a  lady-like  pre- 


NO   AID  TO   SHYNESS.  153 

cantion.  Then  came  the  inglorious  days  of  the  "  tied- 
backs,"  a  style  of  dress  most  unbecoming  to  the  fig- 
ure, and  now  happily  no  more.  This  preposterous 
fashion  had,  no  doubt,  its  influence  on  the  manners 
of  the  age. 

Better  far,  if  women  would  parade  their  charms,  the 
courtly  dresses  of  those  beauties  of  Bird-cage  Walk, 
by  St.  James's  Park,  where  "Lady  Betty  Modish" 
was  bom  —  full,  long,  bouffant  brocades,  hair  piled 
high,  long  and  graceful  scarfs,  and  gloves  reaching 
to  the  elbow.  Even  the  rouge  and  powder  were  a 
mask  to  hide  the  cheek  which  did  or  did  not  blush 
when  bold  eyes  were  fastened  upon  it.  Let  us  not 
be  understood,  however,  as  extolling  these.  The  nine- 
teenth-century beauty  mounts  a  coach  with  none  of 
these  aids  to  shyness.  No  suggestion  of  hiding  any 
of  her  charms  occurs  to  her.  She  goes  out  on  the 
box  seat  without  cloak  or  shawl,  or  anything  but  a 
hat  on  the  back  of  her  head  and  a  gay  parasol  be- 
tween her  and  a  possible  thunder-storm.  These  ladies 
are  not  members  of  an  acclimatization  society.  They 
cannot  bring  about  a  new  climate.  Do  they  not  suffer 
from  cold  ?  Do  not  the  breezes  go  through  them  ? 
Answer,  all  ye  pneumonias  and  diphtherias  and  rheu- 
matisms ! 

There  is  no  delicacy  in  the  humor  with  which  the 
funny  papers  and  the  caricaturists  treat  these  very 
exaggerated  costumes.  No  delicacy  is  required.  A 
change  to  a  quieter  style  of  dress  would  soon  abate 
this  treatment  of  which  so  many  ladies  complain.  Let 
them  dress  like  the  Princess  of  Wales, with  the  simplic- 
ity of  the  late  Empress  of  Austria,  when  in  the  con- 


154  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

spicaoas  high-relief  of  the  coach,  and  the  result  will  be 
that  ladies,  married  or  single,  will  not  be  subjected  to 
the  insults  of  which  so  many  of  them  complain,  and  of 
which  the  papers  are  full  after  every  coaching  parade. 

Lady  riders  are  seldom  obliged  to  complain  of  the 
incivility  of  a  passer-by.  Theirs  are  modest  figures, 
and,  as  a  general  thing  nowadays,  they  ride  well. 
A  lady  can  alight  from  her  horse  and  walk  about  in 
a  crowded  place  without  hearing  an  offensive  word : 
she  is  properly  dressed  for  her  exercise. 

Nor,  again,  is  a  young  lady  in  a  lawn-tennis  suit  or 
golf  suit  assailed  by  the  impertinent  criticisms  of  a 
mixed  crowd  of  bystanders.  Thousands  play  at  New- 
port, Saratoga,  and  other  places  of  resort,  with  thou- 
sands looking  on,  and  no  one  utters  a  word  of  rebuke. 
The  short  flannel  skirt  and  close  Jersey  are  needed  for 
the  active  runner,  and  her  somewhat  eccentric  appear- 
ance is  condoned.  It  is  not  considered  an  exhibition 
or  a  show,  but  a  good,  healthy  game  of  physical  exer- 
cise. People  feel  an  interest  and  a  pleasure  in  it.  The 
game  of  golf  is  like  the  old-fashioned  merry-making 
of  the  May-pole,  the  friendly  jousts  of  neighbors  on 
the  common  playground  of  the  neighborhood,  with  the 
dances  under  the  walnut-trees  of  sunny  Provence.  The 
game  is  an  invigorating  one,  and  even  those  who  do 
not  know  it  are  pleased  with  its  animation.  We  have 
hitherto  neglected  that  gymnastic  cuUure  which  made 
the  Greeks  the  graceful  people  they  were,  and  which 
contributed  so  much  to  the  serenity  of  their  minds. 

Nobody  finds  anything  to  laugh  at  in  any  of  these 
costumes ;  but  when  people  see  a  ball-dress  mount- 
ed high  on  a  coach  they  are  very  apt  to  laugh  at  it ; 


TIGHT  LACING.  155 

and  women  seldom  come  home  from  a  coaching  par- 
fkde  without  a  tingling  cheek  and  a  feeling  of  shame 
because  of  some  comment  upon  their  dress  and  ap- 
pearance. A  young  lady  drove  up,  last  summer,  to 
the  Ocean  House  at  Newport  in  a  pony  phaeton,  and 
was  offended  because  a  gentleman  on  the  piazza  said, 
'^That  girl  has  a  very  small  waist,  and  she  means 
us  to  see  it."  Who  was  to  blame  ?  The  young  lady 
was  dressed  in  a  very  conspicuous  manner:  she  had 
neither  mantle  nor  jacket  about  her,  and  she  probably  . 
did  mean  that  her  waist  should  be  seen. 

There  is  a  growing  objection  all  over  the  world  to 
the  hour-glass  shape  once  so  fashionable,  and  we  ought 
to  welcome  it  as  the  best  evidence  of  a  tendency  to 
wards  a  more  sensible  form  of  dress,  as  well  as  on^ 
more  conducive  to  health  and  the  wholesome  dis- 
charge of  a  woman's  natural  and  most  important 
functions.  But  if  a  woman  laces  herself  into  a  six- 
teen-inch  belt,  and  then  clothes  herself  in  brocade,  lace, 
satin,  and  bright  colors,  and  makes  herself  conspicu- 
ous, she  should  not  object  to  the  fact  that  men,  see- 
ing her  throw  aside  her  mantle,  comment  upon  her 
charms  in  no  measured  terms.  She  has  no  one  to 
blame  but  herself. 

We  might  add  that  by  this  over-dressing  women 
deprive  themselves  of  the  advantage  of  contrast  in 
style.  Lace,  in  particular,  is  for  the  house  and  for 
the  full-dress  dinner  or  ball.  So  of  the  light,  gay 
silks,  which  have  no  fitness  of  fold  or  of  texture  for 
the  climbing  of  a  coach.  If  bright  colors  are  desired, 
let  ladies  choose  the  merinos  and  nuns'  veilings  for 
coaching  dresses;  or,  better  still,  let  them  dress  in 


156  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

dark  colors,  in  plain  and  inconspicuous  dresses,  which 
seem  to  defy  both  dust  and  sun  and  rain  as  well. 
On  top  of  a  coach  they  are  far  more  exposed  to  the 
elements  than  when  on  the  deck  of  a  yacht. 

Nor,  because  the  fast  set  of  the  Prince  of  Wales 
do  so  in  London,  is  there  any  reason  why  American 
women  should  appear  on  top  of  a  coach  dressed  in  red 
velvet  and  white  satin.  Let  them  remember  the  fact 
that  the  Queen  had  placed  Windsor  Castle  at  the^dis- 
posal  of  the  Prince  for  his  use  during  Ascot  week,  but 
that  when  she  learned  that  two  somewhat  conspicuous 
American  beauties  were  expected,  she  rescinded  the 
loan  and  told  the  Prince  to  entertain  his  guests  else- 
where.    Americans  should  be  more  prudent. 

American  ladies  now  follow  the  sensible  English 
fashion,  however,  and  dress  plainly  on  top  of  a  coach. 
It  is  much  better  taste.  But  who  shall  present  a  be- 
coming dress  for  the  flower  of  the  nineteenth  cen- 
tury, the  useful  but  unbecoming  bicycle?  Never  be- 
fore were  women  so  utterly  regardless  of  the  unbe- 
coming as  they  are  when  on  a  bicycle.  It  should  be 
the  business  of  our  American  Congress  of  Matrons  to 
devise  a  bicycle  dress. 


CHAPTER  XX. 

THE     ETIQUETTE    OP    GOLF. 

"  The  game  of  golf,"  says  Andrew  Lang,  its  gifted 
poet  and  its  historian,  *^  has  been  described  as  patting 
little  balls  into  holes  difficalt  to  find,  with  instruments 
which  are  sadly  inadequate  and  illy  adapted  to  the 
purpose."  Its  learned  home  is  St.  Andrews,  in  Scot- 
land, although  its  advocates  give  it  several  classic 
starting-points.  Learned  antiquarians  seem  to  think 
that  the  name  comes  from  a  Celtic  word  meaning 
club.  It  is  certainly  an  ancient  game^  and  some  vari- 
ation of  it  was  known  on  the  Continent  under  various 
names. 

The  game  requires  room.  A  golf-course  of  nine 
holes  should  be  at  least  a  mile  and  a  half  long,  and  a 
hundred  and  twenty  feet  wide.  It  is  usual  to  so  lay- 
out the  course  that  the  player  ends  where  he  began. 
All  sorts  of  obstructions  are  left,  or  made  artificially — 
running  water,  railway  embankments,  bushes,  ditches, 
etc. 

The  game  is  played  with  a  gutta-percha  ball,  about 
an  inch  and  a  quarter  in  diameter,  and  a  variety  of 
clubs,  with  wooden  or  iron  heads,  whose  individual  use 
depends  on  the  position  in  which  the  ball  lies.     It  is 


158  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

usual  for  each  player  to  be  followed  by  a  boy,  who 
carries  his  clubs  and  watches  his  ball,  marking  it 
down  as  it  falls.  Games  are  either  singles — that  is, 
when  two  persons  play  against  one  another,  each  hav- 
ing a  ball — or  fours,  when  there  are  two  on  each  side, 
partners  playing  alternately  on  one  ball. 

The  start  is  made  near  the  club-house  at  a  place 
called  the  tee.  Down  the  course,  anywhere  from  two 
hundred  and  fifty  to  f\ye  hundred  yards  distant,  is  a 
level  space,  fifty  feet  square,  called  a  putting-green, 
and  in  its  centre  is  a  hole  about  four  and  a  half  inches 
in  diameter  and  of  the  same  depth.  This  is  the  first 
hole,  and  the  contestant  who  puts  his  ball  into  it  in  the 
fewest  number  of  strokes  wins  the  hole.  As  the  score 
is  kept  by  strokes,  the  ball  that  is  behind  is  played 
first.     In  this  way  the  players  are  always  together. 

For  his  first  shot  from  the  tee,  the  player  uses  a  club 
called  the  driver.  It  has  a  wooden  head  and  a  long, 
springy,  hickory  handle.  With  this  an  expert  will 
drive  a  ball  for  two  hundred  yards.  It  is  needless  to 
say  that  the  beginner  is  not  so  successful.  After  the 
first  shot  a  cleek  is  used  ;  or  if  the  ball  is  in  a  bad 
hole,  a  mashie ;  if  it  is  necessary  to  loft  it,  an  iron,  and 
so  on — the  particular  club  depending,  as  we  have  said, 
on  the  position  in  which  the  ball  lies. 

The  first  hole  won,  the  contestants  start  from  a  tee- 
ing-ground  close  by  it,  and  for  the  second  hole,  and  so 
on  around  the  course — the  one  who  has  won  the  most 
holes  being  the  winner. 

"A  fine  day,  a  good  match,  and  a  clear  green,"  is 
the  paradise  of  the  golfer,  but  it  still  can  be  played  all 
the  year  and  even,  by  the  use  of  a  red  ball,  when  snow 


ACCUEA.CY  OP  HITTING.  159 

is  on  the  ground.  In  Scotland  and  athletic  England 
it  is  a  game  for  players  of  all  ages,  though  in  nearly 
all  clubs  children  are  not  allowed.  It  can  be  played 
by  both  sexes. 

A  beginner's  inclination  is  to  grasp  a  golf-club  as 
he  would  a  cricket-bat,  more  firmly  with  the  right 
hand  than  with  the  left,  or  at  times  equally  firm  with 
both  hands.  Now,  in  golf,  in  making  a  full  drive,  the 
club  when  brought  back  must^be  held  firmly  with  the 
left  hand  and  more  loosely  with  the  right,  because 
when  the  club  is  raised  above  the  shoulder  and  brought 
round  the  back  of  the  neck,  the  grasp  of  one  hand  or 
the  other  must  relax,  and  the  hand  to  give  way  must 
be  the  right  hand  and  not  the  left.  The  force  of  the 
club  must  be  brought  squarely  against  the  ball. 

The  keeping  of  one's  balance  is  another  difficulty. 
In  preparing  to  strike,  the  player  bends  forward  a  lit- 
tle. In  drawing  back  his  club  he  raises,  or  should 
raise,  his  left  heel  from  the  ground,  and  at  the  end  of 
the  upward  swing  stands  poised  on  his  right  foot  and 
the  toe  or  ball  of  the  left  foot.  At  this  point  there  is 
danger  of  his  losing  his  balance,  and  as  he  brings  the 
club  down,  falling  either  forward  or  backward,  and 
consequently  either  heeling  or  toeing  the  ball,  instead 
of  hitting  it  with  the  middle  of  the  face.  Accuracy 
of  hitting  depends  greatly  on  keeping  a  firm  and  steady 
hold  of  the  ground,  with  the  toe  of  the  left  foot,  and 
not  bending  the  left  knee  too  much. 

To  "  keep  your  eye  on  the  ball  "  sounds  an  injunc- 
tion easy  to  be  obeyed,  but  it  is  not  always  so.  In 
making  any  considerable  stroke,  the  player's  body 
makes,  or  should  make,  a  quarter  turn,  and  the  diffi- 


-**I1   »i»rr->.-: 


.    *  '*i  fcs«  -^  i«ac  tefccj,  JM  lilt  „ 


^ 


«n*t.     -  ^utuu^r  'Jut  -lammnia.  «irr^      ^ 


Tiit  init*  WKSTO-  k  BTBii-Babkac  jcrf«i  rf  3 


iA»TKs»;c  m  -aft  -taK  i"  ^a«t  ^s.  etk-  ™  --.    -  - 


_£it 


■-^  Xi^  IrtCi 


icSi^nA.     ^AA  «*Kiiii  «i,:ii  i^ra:i  eijw  cr.^^  ^ 


160  MANNERS   AND   SOCTAL   USAGES. 

culty  is  to  keep  the  head  steady,  and  the  eye  fixed 
upon  the  ball  while  doing  this. 

Like  all  other  games,  golf  .has  its  technical  terms  ; 
the  " teeing-ground,"  "putting,"  the  "high-lofting 
stroke,"  "slicing,"  the  "approach  shot,"  "hammer- 
hurling,"  "  topping,"  "  hooking,"  "  skidding,"  and 
"  foozling,"  mean  little  to  the  uninitiated,  but  every- 
thing to  the  golfer. 

Let  us  copy  verbatum  the  following  description  of 
the  links  of  St.  Andrews,  the  Elysium  of  the  braw 
Scots  : 

"  The  links  occupy  a  crook-necked  stretch  of  land 
bordered  on  the  east  by  the  sea,  and  on  the  left  by  the 
railway  and  by  the  wide  estuary  of  the  Eden.  The 
course,  out  and  in,  is  some  two  miles  and  a  half  in 
length,  allowing  for  the  pursuit  of  balls  not  driven 
quite  straight.  Few  pieces  of  land  have  given  so  much 
inexpensive  pleasure  for  centuries.  The  first  hole  is 
to  some  extent  carpeted  by  grass  rather  longer  and 
rougher  that  the  rest  of  the  links.  On  the  left  lie  some 
new  houses  and  a  big  hotel;  they  can  only  be '  hazards ' 
on  the  outward  tack  to  a  very  wild  driver  indeed." 

These  "  hazards ''  mean,  dear  reader,  that  if  you  and 
I  are  stopping  at  that  big  hotel,  we  may  have  our  eyes 
put  out  by  a  passing  ball ;  small  grief  would  that  be 
to  a  golfer ! 

"  On  the  right  it  is  just  possible  to  '  heel '  the  ball 
over  heaps  of  rubbish  into  the  sea  sand.  The  natural 
and  orthodox  hazards  are  few.  Everybody  should  clear 
the  road  from  the  tee  ;  if  he  does  not  the  ruts  are  ten- 
acious. The  second  shot  should  either  cross  or  fall 
short  of  the  celebrated  Swilcan  Burn.     This  tributary 


THE   LINKS   OF  ST.  ANDBBWS.  161 

of  ocean  is  extremely  shallow,  and  meanders  through 
stone  embankments,  hither,  thither,  between  the  tee 
and  the  hole.  The  number  of  balls  that  run  into  it,  or 
jump  in  from  the  opposite  bank,  or  off  the  old  stone 
foot-bridge,  is  enormous  1  People  *  funk '  the  burn, 
top  their  iron  shots,  and  are  engulfed.  Once  you  cross 
it,  the  hole  whether  to  right  or  left  is  easily  ap- 
proached. 

'^  The  second  hole,  when  the  course  is  on  the  left,  is 
guarded  near  the  tee  by  the '  Scholars'  Bunker,'  a  sand 
face  which  swallows  a  topped  ball.  On  the  right  of 
the  course  are  wins,  much  scantier  now  than  of  old ;  on 
the  left  you  may  get  into  long  grass,  and  thence  into 
a  very  sandy  road  under  a  wall,  a  nasty  lie.  The  hole 
is  sentinelled  by  two  bunkers,  and  many  an  approach 
lights  in  one  or  the  other.  The  putting-green  is  nub- 
bly and  difficult. 

"Driving  to  the  third  hole,  on  the  left  you  may 
alight  in  the  railway,  or  a  straight  hit  may  tumble 
into  one  of  three  bunkers,  in  a  knoll  styled  *the  Prin- 
cipal's Nose.'  There  are  more  bunkers  lying  in  wait 
close  to  the  putting-green. 

"The  driver  to  the  fourth  hole  has  to  *  carry'  some 
low  hills  and  mounds;  then  comes  a  bunker  that  yawns 
almost  across  the  course,  with  a  small  outpost  named 
Sutherlands,  which  Englishmen  profanely  desired  to 
fill  up.  This  is  impious.  The  long  bunker  has  a  but- 
tress, a  disagreeable  round  knoll ;  from  this  to  the 
hole  is  open  country  if  you  keep  to  the  right,  but  it  is 
whinnjr.  On  the  left,  bunkers  and  broken  ground 
stretch,  and  there  is  a  convenient  sepulchre  of  hope 
here,  and  another  beyond  the  hole." 
11 


162  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

As  you  drive  to  the  fifth  hole  you  may  have  to 
clear  "  hell,"  but  '*  hell "  is  not  what  it  was.  The  first 
shot  should  carry  you  to  the  broken  spurs  of  a  table- 
land, the  Elysian  Fields,  in  which  there  yawn  the  Bear- 
dies,  deep,  narrow,  greedy  bunkers.  Beyond  the  table- 
land there  is  a  gorge,  and  beyond  it  again  a  beautiful 
stretch  of  land  and  the  putting-green.  To  the  right 
is  plenty  of  deep  bent  grass  and  gorse.  This  is  a  long 
hole  and  full  of  difficulties,  the  left  side  near  the  hole 
being  guarded  by  irregular  and  dangerous  bunkers. 

^^The  sixth  or  heathery  hole  has  lost  most  of  its 
heather,  but  is  a  teaser.  A  heeled  ball  from  the  tee 
drops  into  the  worst  whins  of  the  course  in  a  chaos  of 
steep,  difficult  hills.  A  straight  ball  topped  falls  into 
*  Walkinshaw's  Grave,'  or,  if  very  badly  topped,  into  a 
little  spiteful  pitfall ;  it  is  the  usual  receptacle  of  a 
well-hit  second  ball  on  its  return  journey.  Escaping 
'Walkinshaw's  Grave,'  you  have  a  stretch  of  very 
rugged  and  broken  country,  bunkers  on  the  left, 
bent  grass  on  the  right,  before  you  reach  the  sixth 
hole. 

^'The  next,  the  high  hole,  is  often  shifted.  It  is 
usually  placed  between  a  network  of  bunkers  with 
rough  grass  immediately  beyond  it.  The  first  shot 
should  open  the  hole  and  let  you  see  the  uncomfortable 
district  into  which  you  have  to  play.  You  may  ap- 
proach from  the  left,  running  the  ball  up  a  narrow 
causeway  between  the  bunkers,  but  it  is  usually  at- 
tempted from  the  front.  Grief,  in  any  case,  is  almost 
unavoidable." 

It  is  evident  the  Scotch  pleasure  in  ^^  contradeect- 
in*  "  is  emphasized  in  golf. 


GOLF      ITNIFOSM.  163 

One  gets  a  wholesome  sense  of  invigorating  sea  air, 
healthy  exercise,  and  that  delightful  smell  of  the  short, 
fresh  grass.  One  sees  '^  the  beauty  of  the  wild,  atrial 
landscape,  the  delicate  tints  of  sand,  and  low,  far-off 
hills,  the  distant  crest  of  Lochnager,  the  gleaming  estu- 
ary, and  the  black  cluster  of  ruined  towers  above  the 
bay  which  make  the  charm  of  St.  Andrews  Links." 

Golf  has  come  to  our  country,  and  is  becoming  a 
passion.  There  is  a  club  at  Yonkers  and  one  at  Cedar- 
hurst,  but  that  on  the  Shinnecock  Hills,  on  Long  Isl- 
and, will  probably  be  the  great  headquarters  of  golf 
in  the  United  States,  as  this  club  owns  eighty  acres, 
beautifully  adapted  to  the  uses  of  the  game,  and  has 
a  large  club-house,  designed  by  Stanford  White. 

So  we  may  expect  an  American  historian  to  write 
an  account  of  this  fine,  vigorous  game,  in  some  future 
Badminton  Library  of  sports  and  pastimes  ;  and  we 
shall  have  our  own  dear  "  fifth  hole,  which  offers  every 
possible  facility  to  the  erratic  driver  for  coming  to 
grief,"  if  we  can  be  as  "  con  trad  eectin'  ^'  as  a  Scot. 
You  never  hear  one  word  about  victory ;  this  golf  lit- 
erature is  all  written  in  the  minor  key,  but  it  is  a  gay 
thing  to  look  at. 

The  regular  golf  uniform  is  a  red  jacket  and  a  short, 
tight  skirt  for  women,  which  adds  to  the  gayety  of  a 
green,  and  has  its  obvious  advantages. 

"  Ladies'  links  should  be  laid  out  on  the  model, 
though  on  a  smaller  scale,  of  the  long  round,  contain- 
ing some  short  putting-holes,  some  larger  holes  admit- 
ting of  a  drive  or  two  of  seventy  or  eighty  yards,  and 
a  few  suitable  hazards.  We  venture  to  suggest  sev- 
enty or  eighty  yards  as  the  average  limit  of  a  drive, 


164  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

advisedly,  not  because  we  doubt  a  lady's  power  to 
make  a  longer  drive,  but  because  that  cannot  be  well 
done  without  raising  the  club  above  the  shoulder. 
Now  we  do  not  presume  to  dictate,  but  we  must  ob- 
serve that  the  posture  and  gestures  requisite  for  a  full 
swing  are  not  particularly  graceful  when  the  player  is 
clad  in  female  dress. 

''  Most  ladies  play  well,  and  all  the  better  because 
they  play  boldly  for  the  hole,  without  considering  too 
much  the  lay  of  the  ground ;  and  there  is  no  reason 
why  they  should  not  practise  and  excel  in  wrist  shots 
with  a  lofting-iron  or  cleek.  Their  right  to  play,  or 
rather  the  expediency  of  their  playing,  the  long  round 
is  much  more  doubtful.  If  they  choose  to  play  at  times 
when  the  male  golfers  are  feeding  or  resting,  no  one 
can  object ;  but  at  other  times — must  we  say  it  ? — they 
are  in  the  way,  just  because  gallantry  forbids  to  treat 
them  exactly  as  men.  The  tender  mercies  of  the  golfer 
are  cruel.  He  cannot  afford  to  be  merciful,  because, 
if  he  forbears  to  drive  into  the  party  in  front,  he  is 
promptly  driven  into  from  behind.  It  is  a  hard  lot  to 
follow  a  party  of  ladies  with  a  powerful  driver  behind 
you,  if  you  are  troubled  with  a  spark  of  chivalry  or 
shyness,  young  masculine  player ! 

'^  As  to  the  ladies  playing  the  long  round  with  men 
as  their  partners,  it  may  be  sufficient  to  say,  in  the 
words  of  a  promising  young  player, who  found  it  hard 
to  decide  between  flirtation  and  playing  the  game,  ^It 
is  mighty  pleasant,  but  it  is  not  business.' '' 

To  learn  this  game  requires  months  of  practice,  and 
great  nerve  and  talent  for  it.  I  shall  not  attempt  to 
define  what  is  meant  by  "dormy,"  "  divot,** "  foozle," 


THE  THEOBY   AND   PBACTICE   OF  GOLF.  165 

"gobble,"  "grip,"  or  "gully."  "Mashy,  a  straight- 
faced  niblich,"  is  one  of  these  definitions. 

Horace  G.  Hutchinson's  book  on  golf  is  a  most  en- 
tertaining work,  if  for  no  other  reason  than  its  humor, 
the  pleasant  out-of-door  atmosphere,  the  true  enthusi- 
asm for  the  game,  and  the  illustrations,  which  are  very 
well  drawn,  all  make  it  an  addition  to  one's  knowledge 
of  athletic  sports. 

That  golf  has  taken  its  place  in  the  sport-loving 
world  we  have  no  better  proof  than  the  very 
nice  description  of  it  in  Norris's  novel  of  "Marcia." 
This  clever  writer  introduces  a  scene  where  "Lady 
Evelyn  backs  the  winner,"  in  the  following  sprightly 
manner: 

"  Not  many  years  ago,  all  golfers  who  dwelt  south 
of  the  Tweed  were  compelled,  when  speaking  of  their 
favorite  relaxation,  to  take  up  an  apologetic  tone ; 
they  had  to  explain  with  humility,  and  with  the  chill- 
ing certainty  of  being  disbelieved,  that  an  immense 
amount  of  experience,  dexterity,  and  self-command  are 
requisite  in  order  to  make  sure  of  hitting  a  little  ball 
across  five  hundred  yards  of  broken  ground,  and  de- 
positing it  in  a  small  hole  in  four  or  five  strokes ;  but 
now  that  golf-links  have  been  established  all  over 
England,  there  is  no  longer  any  need  to  make  excuses 
for  one  of  the  finest  games  that  human  ingenuity  or 
the  accident  of  circumstances  has  ever  called  into 
existence.  The  theory  of  the  game  is  simplicity  itself : 
you  have  only  to  put  your  ball  into  a  hole  in  one  or 
less  strokes  than  your  opponent;  but  the  practice 
is  full  of  difficulty,  and,  what  is  better  still,  full  of 
endless  variety,  so  that  you  may  go  on  playing  golf 


166  MANNEBS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

from  the  age  of  eight  to  that  of  eighty,  and  yet  never 
grow  tired  of  it.  Indeed,  the  circumstance  that 
gray-haired  enthusiasts  are  to  be  seen  enjoying 
themselves  thoroughly,  and  losing  their  tempers  lu- 
dicrously, wherever  *  the  royal  and  ancient  sport '  has 
taken  root,  has  caused  certain  ignorant  persons  to  de- 
scribe golf  contemptuously  as  the  old  gentleman's 
game.  Such  criticisms,  however,  come  only  from 
those  who  have  not  attempted  to  acquire  the  game." 

We  advise  all  incipient  golfers  to  read  "  Marcia," 
and  to  see  how  well  golf  and  love-making  can  go  to- 
gether. 

Golf  has  its  poetic  and  humoristic  literature  ;  and 
as  we  began  with  its  poetic  side  we  may  end  with  its 
broadest,  latest  joke : 

Two  well-known  professional  golfers  were  playing 
a  match.  We  will  call  them  Sandy  and  Jock.  On 
one  side  of  the  golf  course  was  a  railway,  over  which 
Jock  drove  his  ball,  landing  it  in  some  long  grass. 
They  both  hunted  for  a  long  time  for  the  missing 
ball.  Sandy  wanted  Jock  to  give  in,  and  say  that  the 
ball  was  lost;  but  Jock  would  not  consent,  as  a  lost 
ball  meant  a  lost  hole.  They  continued  to  look  round, 
and  Jock  slyly  dropped  another  ball,  and  then  came 
back  and  cried,  "  I've  found  the  ba',  Sandy." 

"Ye're  a  leear,"  said  Sandy,"  "for  here  'tis  in  ma 
pooch." 

We  commend  also  "Famous  Golf  Links,"  by 
Hutchinson,  as  clear  and  agreeable  reading. 


CHAPTER  XXL 

ETIQUETTE   OF   MOUBNING. 

Thebb  is  no  possibUity  of  touching  upon  the  sub" 
ject  of  death  and  burial,  and  the  conditions  under 
which  funerals  should  be  conducted,  without  hurting 
some  one's  feelings.  The  Duke  of  Sutherland's  attempt 
in  England  to  do  away  with  the  dreadful  shape  which 
causes  a  shudder  to  all  who  have  lost  a  friend — ^that 
of  the  coffin— was  called  irreverent,  because  he  sug- 
gested that  the  dead  should  be  buried  in  wicker-work 
baskets,  with  fern-leaves  for  shrouds,  so  that  the  poor 
clay  might  the  more  easily  return  to  mother  earth. 
Those  who  favor  cremation  suffer  again  a  still  more 
frantic  disesteem;  and  yet  every  one  deplores  the 
present  gloomy  apparatus  and  dismal  observances  of 
our  occasions  of  mourning. 

Death  is  still  to  the  most  Christian  and  resigned 
heart  a  very  terrible  fact,  a  shock  to  all  who  live, 
and  its  surroundings,  do  what  we  wUl,  are  painful. 
"I  smell  the  mould  above  the  rose,"  says  Hood,  in 
his  pathetic  lines  on  his  daughter's  death.  There- 
fore, we  have  a  difficulty  to  contend  with  in  the 
wearing  of  black,  which  is  of  itself,  to  begin  with, 
negatory  of  our  professed  belief  in  the  resurrection. 
We  confess  the  logic  of  despair  when  we  drape  our- 
selves in  its  gloomy  folds.      The   dress  which  we 


168  MANNKB8  AND  SOCIAL  USAGBS. 

flhonld  wear,  one  would  think,  might  be  bine,  the 
color  of  the  sky,  or  white,  in  token  of  light  which  the 
redeemed  soul  has  reached. 

Custom,  which  makes  slaves  of  us  all,  has  decreed 
that  we  shall  wear  black,  as  a  mark  of  respect  to 
those  we  have  lost,  and  as  a  shroud  for  ourselves, 
protesting  against  the  gentle  ministration  of  light 
and  cheerfulness  with  which  our  Lord  ever  strives 
to  reach  us.  This  is  one  side -of  the  question;  but, 
again,  one  word  as  to  its  good  offices.  A  mourning 
dress  does  protect  a  woman  while  in  deepest  grief 
against  the  untimely  gayety  of  a  passing  stranger. 
It  is  a  wall,  a  cell  of  refuge.  Behind  a  black  veil 
she  can  hide  herself  as  she  goes  out  for  business  or 
recreation,  fearless  of  any  intrusion. 

The  black  veil,  on  the  other  hand,  is  most  un- 
healthy: it  harms  the  eyes  and  it  injures  the  skin. 
As  it  rubs  against  the  nose  and  forehead  it  is  almost 
certain  to  cause  abrasions,  and  often  makes  an  annoy- 
ing sore.  To  the  eyes  enfeebled  by  weeping  it  is  sure 
to  be  dangerous,  and  most  oculists  now  forbid  it. 

The  English,  from  whom  we  borrow  our  fashion 
in  funeral  matters,  have  a  limitation  provided  by  so- 
cial law  which  is  a  useful  thing.  They  now  decree 
that  crape  shall  only  be  worn  six  months,  even  for 
the  nearest  relative,  and  that  the  duration  of  mourn- 
ing shall  not  exceed  a  year.  A  wife's  mourning  for 
her  husband  is  the  most  conventionally  deep  mourn- 
ing allowed,  and  every  one  who  has  seen .  an  English 
widow  will  agree  that  she  makes  a  "hearse"  of  herself. 
Bombazine  and  crape,  a  widow's  cap,  and  a  long,  thick 
veil — such  is  the  modern  English  idea.    Some  widows 


ENGLISH  MOUBKING  CUSTOMS.  169 

even  have  the  cap  made  of  black  cr^  lissey  but  it  is 
generally  of  white.  In  this  country  a  widow's  first 
mourning  dresses  are  covered  almost  entirely  with 
crape,  a  most  costly  and  disagreeable  material,  easily 
ruined  by  the  dampness  and  dust — a  sort  of  peniten- 
tial and  self-mortifying  dress,  and  very  ugly  and  very 
expensive.  There  are  now,  however,  other  and  more 
agreeable  fabrics  which  also  bear  the  dead  black,  lus- 
treless look  which  is  alone  considered  respectful  to  the 
dead,  and  which  are  not  so  costly  as  crape,  or  so  disa- 
greeable to  wear.  The  Henrietta  cloth  and  imperial 
serges  are  chosen  for  heavy  winter  dresses,  while  for 
those  of  less  weight  are  tamise  cloth,  Bayonnaise,  gren- 
adine, nuns'  veiling,  and  the  American  silk. 

Our  mourning  usages  are  not  overloaded  with 
what  may  be  called  the  pomp,  pride,  and  circum- 
stance of  woe  which  characterize  English  funerals. 
Indeed,  so  overdone  are  mourning  ceremonies  in 
England — what  with  the  hired  mutes,  the  nodding 
plumes,  the  costly  coffin,  and  the  gifts  of  gloves 
and  bands  and  rings,  etc. — that  Lady  Georgiana 
Milnor,  of  Nunappleton,  in  York,  a  great  friend  of 
the  Archbishop,  wrote  a  book  against  the  abuse, 
ordered  her  own  body  to  be  buried  in  a  pine  coffin, 
and  forbade  her  servants  and  relatives  to  wear 
mourning.  Her  wishes  were  carried  out  to  the 
letter.  A  black,  cloth  -  covered  casket  with  silver 
mountings  is  considered  in  the  best  taste,  and  the 
pall-bearers  are  given  at  most  a  white  scarf  and  a  pair 
of  black  gloves.  Even  this  is  not  always  done.  At 
one  time  the  traffic  in  these  returned  bands  and  gloves 
was  quite  a  fortune  to  the  undertaker. 


170  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Mourning  is  very  expensive,  and  often  costs  a  fam- 
ily more  than  they  can  well  afford ;  but  it  is  a  sacri- 
fice that  even  the  poorest  gladly  make,  and  those  who 
can  least  afford  it  often  wear  the  best  mourning,  so 
liyrannical  is  custom.  They  consider  it — by  what  proc- 
3SS  of  reasoning  no  one  can  understand,  unless  it  be 
out  of  a  hereditary  belief  that  we  hold  in  the  heathen 
idea  of  propitiating  the  manes  of  the  departed  —  an 
act  of  disrespect  to  the  memory  of  the  dead  if  the 
living  are  not  clad  in  gloomy  black. 

However,  our  business  is  with  the  etiquette  of 
mourning.  Widows  wear  deep  mourning,  consisting 
of  woollen  stuffs  and  crape,  for  about  two  years,  and 
sometimes  for  life,  in  America.  Children  wear  the 
same  for  parents  for  one  year,  and  then  lighten  it 
with  black  silk,  trimmed  with  crape.  Half -mourn- 
ing gradations  of  gray,  purple,  or  lilac  have  been 
reinstated,  and  combinations  of  black  and  white 
are  used.  Complimentary  mourning  is  black  silk 
without  crape.  The  French  have  three  grades  of 
mourning — deep,  ordinary,  and  half  mourning.  In 
deep  mourning,  woollen  cloths  only  are  worn ;  in  or- 
dinary mourning,  silk  and  woollen ;  in  half  mourning, 
gray  and  violet.  An  American  lady  is  always  shocked 
at  the  gayety  and  cheerfulness  of  French  mourning. 
In  France,  etiquette  prescribes  mourning  for  a  hus- 
band for  one  year  and  six  weeks — that  is,  six  months 
of  deep  mourning,  six  of  ordinary,  and  six  weeks  of 
half  mourning.  For  a  wife,  a  father,  or  a  mother, 
six  months — three  deep  and  three  half  mourning; 
for  a  grandparent,  two  months  and  a  half  of  slight 
mourning ;  for  a  brother  or  a  sister,  two  months,  one 


THB   PERIODS  OP  MOURNING.  l7l 

of  which  is  in  deep  mourning;  for  an  uncle  or  an 
aunt,  three  weeks  of  ordinary  black.  In  America, 
with  no  fixity  of  rule,  ladies  have  been  known  to  go 
into  deepest  mourning  for  their  own  relatives  or  those 
of  their  husbandiS,  or  for  people,  perhaps,  whom  they 
have  never  seen,  and  have  remained  as  gloomy  mon- 
uments of  bereavement  for  seven  or  ten  years,  con- 
stantly in  black ;  then,  on  losing  a  child  or  a  relative 
dearly  loved,  they  have  no  extremity  of  dress  left 
to  express  the  real  grief  which  fills  their  lives — no 
deeper  black  to  go  into.  This  complimentary  mourn- 
ing should  be,  as  in  the  French  custom,  limited  to  two 
or  three  weeks.  The  health  of  a  delicate  child  has 
been  known  to  be  seriously  affected  by  the  constant 
spectacle  of  his  mother  in  deep  mourning.  Therefore 
every  mourner  should  try  to  curtail  this  period. 

The  period  of  a  mourner's  retirement  from  the  world 
has  been  very  much  shortened  of  late.  For  one  year  no 
formal  visiting  is  undertaken,  nor  is  there  any  gayety  in 
the  house.  Black  is  often  worn  for  a  husband,  or  wife, 
or  child  two  years,  for  parents  one  year,  and  for  broth- 
ers and  sisters  one  year ;  a  heavy  black  is  lightened 
after  that  period.  Ladies  are  beginning  to  wear  a  small 
black  gauze  veil  over  the  face,  and  are  in  the  habit  of 
throwing  the  heavy  crape  veil  back  over  the  hat.  It 
is  also  proper  to  wear  a  quiet  black  dress  when  going 
to  a  funeral,  although  this  is  not  absolute!^  necessary. 

Friends  should  call  on  the  bereaved  family  within  a 
month,  not  expecting,  of  course,  to  see  them.  Kind  notes 
expressing  sympathy  are  most  welcome  to  the  afflicted 
from  intimate  friends,  and  gifts  of  flowers,  or  any  testi- 
monial of  sympathy,  are  thoughtful  and  appropriate. 


172  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Cards  and  note-paper  are  now  put  into  mourning 
by  those  who  desire  to  express  conventionally  their 
regret  for  the  dead;  but  very  broad  borders  of  black 
look  like  ostentation,  and  are  in  undoubted  bad  taste. 
No  doubt  all  these  things  are  proper  enough  in  their 
way,  but  a  narrow  border  of  black  tells  the  story  of  loss 
as  well  as  an  inch  of  coal-black  gloom.  The  fashion 
of  wearing  handkerchiefs  which  are  made  with  a  two- 
inch  square  of  white  cambric  and  a  four-inch  border 
of  black  may  well  be  deprecated.  A  gay  young 
widow  at  Washington  was  once  seen  dancing  at  a  re- 
ception, a  few  months  after  the  death  of  her  soldier 
husband,  with  a  long  black  veil  on,  and  holding  in  her 
black-gloved  hand  one  of  these  handkerchiefs,  which 
looked  as  if  it  had  been  dipped  in  ink.  "  She  should 
have  dipped  it  in  blood,"  said  a  by-stander.  Under 
such  circumstances  we  learn  how  much  significance  is 
to  be  attached  to  the  grief  expressed  by  a  mourning 
veil.    Not  always  much  ! 

The  mourning  which  soldiers,  sailors,  and  courtiers 
wear  has  something  pathetic  and  effective  about  it. 
A  flag  draped  with  crape,  a  gray  cadet-sleeve  with  a 
black  band,  or  a  long  piece  of  crape  about  the  left 
arm  of  a  senator,  a  black  weed  on  a  hat,  these  always 
touch  us.  They  would  even  appear  to  suggest  that 
the  lighter  the  black,  the  more  fully  the  feeling  of 
the  heart  ft  expressed.  If  we  love  our  dead,  there  is 
no  danger  that  we  shall  forget  them.  "  The  custom- 
ary suit  of  solemn  black  "  is  not  needed  when  we  can 
wear  it  in  our  hearts. 

For  lighter  mourning  jet  is  used  on  silk,  and  there  is 

no  doubt  that  it  makes  a  very  handdome  dress.     It  is 
13 


FBBNOH  MOURNING  COSTUMES.         173 

a  singular  fact  that  there  is  a  certain  conaf ort  to  some 
people  in  wearing  very  handsome  black.  Worth,  on 
being  asked  to  dress  an  American  widow  whom  he 
had  never  seen,  sent  for  her  photograph,  for  he  said 
that  he  wished  to  see  "  whether  she  was  the  sort  of 
woman  who  would  relish  a  becoming  black." 

Very  elegant  dresses  are  made  with  jet  embroidery 
on  crape — the  beautiful  soft  French  crape — but  lace  is 
never  "  mourning."  Even  the  French,  who  have  very 
light  ideas  on  the  subject,  do  not  trim  the  most  orna- 
mental dresses  with  lace  during  the  |)eriod  of  even 
second  mourning,  except  when  they  put  the  woollen 
yak  lace  on  a  cloth  cloak  or  mantilla.  During  a  very 
dressy  half  mourning,  however,  black  lace  may  be 
worn  on  white  silk;  but  this  is  questionable.  Dia- 
mond ornaments  set  in  black  enamel  are  allowed  even 
in  the  deepest  mourning,  and  also  pearls  set  in  black. 
The  initials  of  the  deceased,  in  black  brilliants  or 
pearls,  are  now  set  in  lockets  and  sleeve-buttons,  or 
pins.     Gold  ornaments  are  never  worn  in  mourning. 

White  silk,  embroidered  with  black  jet,  is  used  in 
the  second  stage  of  court  mourning,  with  black  gloves. 
Deep  red  is  deemed  in  England  a  proper  alternative 
for  mourning  black,  if  the  wearer  be  called  upon  to 
go  to  a  wedding  during  the  period  of  the  first  year's 
mourning.  At  St.  George's,  Hanover  Square,  there- 
fore, one  may  often  see  a  widow  assisting  at  the  wed- 
ding of  a  daughter  or  a  son,  and  dressed  in  a  superb 
red  brocade  or  velvet,  which,  directly  the  wedding  is 
over,  she  will  discard  for  her  solemn  black. 

The  question  of  black  gloves  is  one  which  troubles 
all  who  are  obliged  to  wear  mourning  through  the 


174  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

heat  of  summer.  The  black  kid  glove  is  painfully 
warm  and  smutty,  disfiguring  the  hand  and  soUing 
the  handkerchief  and  face.  The  Swedish  kid  glove 
is  now  much  more  in  vogue,  and  the  silk  glove  is 
made  with  such  neatness  and  with  such  a  number  of 
buttons  that  it  is  equally  stylish,  and  much  cooler 
and  more  agreeable. 

Mourning  bonnets  are  worn  rather  larger  than  or- 
dinary bonnets.  In  England  they  are  still  made  of 
the  old-fashioned  cottage  shape,  and  are  very  useful 
in  carrying  th%  heavy  veil  and  in  shading  the  face. 
The  Queen  has. always  worn  this  style  of  bonnet. 
Her  widow's  cap  has  never  been  laid  aside,  and  with 
her  long  veil  of  white  falling  down  her  back  when 
she  appears  at  court,  it  makes  the  most  becoming 
dress  that  she  has  ever  worn.  For  such  a  grief  as 
hers  there  is  something  appropriate  and  dignified  in 
her  adherence  to  the  mourning  -  dress.  It  fully  ex- 
presses her  sad  isolation:  for  a  queen  can  have  no  near 
friends.  The  whole  English  nation  has  sympathized 
with  her  grief,  and  commended  her  black  dress.  Nor 
can  we  criticise  the  grief  which  causes  a  mother  to 
wear  mourning  for  her  children.  If  it  be  any  comfort 
to  her  to  wrap  herself  in  crape,  she  ought  to  do  so. 
The  world  has  no  right  to  quarrel  with  those  who 
prefer  to  put  ashes  on  their  heads ;  but  in  this  she 
should  remember  that  her  deep  mourning  often  afflicts 
her  other  children,  as  it  always  does  her  husband. 

But  for  the  mockery,  the  conventional  absurdities, 
and  the  affectations  which  so  readily  lend  themselves 
to  caricature  in  the  name  of  mourning,  no  condemna- 
tion can  be  too  strong.     There  is  a  ghoul-like  ghastli- 


FUNERAL  ETIQUETTE.  175 

ness  in  talking  about  "  ornamental,"  or  "  becoming," 
or  "  complimentary  "  mourning. 

People  of  sense,  of  course,  manage  to  dress  without 
going  to  extremities  in  either  direction.  We  see  many 
a  pale-faced  mourner  whose  quiet  mourning-dress  tells 
the  story  of  bereavement  without  giving  us  the  pain- 
ful feeling  that  crape  is  too  thick,  or  bombazine  too 
heavy,  for  comfort.  Exaggeration  is  to  be  deprecated 
in  mourning  as  in  everything. 

The  discarding  of  mourning  should  be  effected  by 
gradations.  It  shocks  persons  of  good  taste  to  see  a 
light-hearted  young  widow  jump  into  colors,  as  if  she 
had  been  counting  the  hours.  If  black  is  to  be  dis- 
pensed with,  let  its  retirement  be  slowly  and  grace- 
fully marked  by  quiet  costumes,  as  the  feeling  of 
grief,  yielding  to  the  kindly  influence  of  time,  is 
shaded  off  into  resignation  and  cheerfulness.  We  do 
not  forget  our  dead,  but  we  mourn  for  them  with  a 
feeling  which  no  longer  partakes  of  anguish. 

Before  a  funeral  the  ladies  of  a  family  see  no  one 
but  the  most  intimate  friends.  The  gentlemen,  of 
course,  must  see  the  clergyman  and  officials  who 
manage  the  ceremony.  It  is  now  the  almost  universal 
practice  to  carry  the  remains  to  a  church,  where  the 
friends  of  the  family  can  pay  the  last  tribute  of  re- 
spect without  crowding  into  a  private  house.  Pall- 
bearers are  invited  by  note,  and  assemble  at  the  house 
of  the  deceased,  accompanying  the  remains,  after  the 
ceremonies  at  the  church,  to  their  final  resting-place. 
The  nearest  lady  friends  seldom  go  to  the  church  or 
to  the  grave.  This  is,  however,  entirely  a  matter  of 
feeling,  and  they  can  go  if  they  wish.     After  the  f u- 


176  MANNBBS  AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

neral  only  the  members  of  the  family  return  to  the 
house,  and  it  is  not  expected  that  a  bereaved  wife  or 
mother  will  see  any  one  other  than  the  members  of 
her  family  for  several  weeks. 

The  preparations  for  a  funeral  in  the  house  are  com- 
mitted to  the  care  of  an  undertaker,  who  removes  the 
furniture  from  the  drawing-room,  filling  all  the  space 
possible  with  camp-stools.  The  clergyman  reads  the 
service  at  the  head  of  the  coffin,  the  relatives  being 
grouped  around.  The  body,  if  not  disfigured  by  dis- 
ease, is  often  dressed  in  the  clothes  worn  in  life,  and 
laid  in  an  open  casket,  as  if  reposinjg  on  a  sofa,  and  all 
friends  are  asked  to  take  a  last  look.  It  is,  however, 
a  somewhat  ghastly  proceeding  to  try  to  make  the 
dead  look  like  the  living.  The  body  of  a  man  is  usu- 
ally dressed  in  black.  A  young  boy  is  laid  out  in  his 
every-day  clothes,  but  surely  the  young  of  both  sexes 
look  more  fitly  clad  in  the  white  cashmere  robe. 

The  custom  of  decorating  the  coffin  with  flowers 
is  a  beautiful  one,  but  has  been,  in  large  cities, 
so  overdone,  and  so  purely  a  matter  of  money,  that 
now  the  request  is  generally  made  that  no  flowers 
be  sent. 

In  England  a  lady  of  the  court  wears,  for  her  par- 
ent, crape  and  bombazine  (or  its  equivalent  in  any 
lustreless  cloth)  for  three  months.  She  goes  nowhere 
during  that  period.  After  that  she  wears  lustreless 
silks,  trimmed  with  crape  and  jet,  and  goes  to  Court  if 
commanded.  She  can  also  go  to  concerts  or  the  opera 
without  violating  etiquette,  or  to  family  weddings. 
After  six  months  she  again  reduces  her  mourning  to 
black  and  white,  and  can  attend  the  "  drawing-room  " 


THE  BBSTBAINTS   OP   MOURNING.  177 

or  go  to  small  dinners.  For  a  husband  the  time  is  ex- 
actly doubled,  but  in  neither  case  should  the  widow  be 
seen  at  a  ball  or  a  theatre  until  after  a  year  has  elapsed. 

In  this  country  no  person  in  mourning  for  a  parent, 
a  child,  a  brother^  or  a  husband,  is  expected  to  be 
seen  at  a  concert,  a  dinner,  a  party,  or  at  any  other 
place  of  public  amusement,  before  three  months  have 
passed.  After  that  one  may  be  seen  at  a  concert. 
But  to  go  to  a  dinner,  or  a  party,  before  six  months 
have  elapsed,  is  considered  heartless  and  disrespectful. 
Indeed,  a  deep  mourning-dress  at  such  a  place  is  an 
unpleasant  anomaly.  If  one  choose,  as  many  do,  not 
to  wear  mourning,  then  they  can  go  unchallenged  to 
any  place  of  amusement,  for  they  have  asserted  their 
right  to  be  independent ;  but  if  they  put  on  mourning 
they  must  respect  its  etiquette.  By  many  who  sor- 
row deeply,  and  who  regard  the  crape  and  solemn 
dress  as  a  mark  of  respect  to  the  dead,  it  is  deemed 
almost  a  sin  for  a  woman  to  go  into  the  street,  to 
drive,  or  to  walk,  for  two  years,  without  a  deep  crape 
veil  over  her  face.  It  is  a  common  remark  of  the 
censorious  that  a  person  who  lightens  her  mourning 
before  that  time  "did  not  care  much  for  the  deceased;'* 
and  many  people  hold  the  fact  that  a  widow  or  an  or- 
phan wears  her  crape  for  two  years  to  be  greatly  to 
her  credit.     This  is  superstition. 

Of  course,  no  one  can  say  that  a  woman  should  not 
wear  mourning  all  her  life  if  she  choose,  but  it  is  a  seri- 
ous question  whether  in  so  doing  she  does  not  injure 
the  welfare  and  happiness  of  the  living.  Children, 
as  we  have  said,  are  often  strangely  affected  by  this 
shrouding  of  their  mothers,  and  men  always  dislike  it. 


178  MANNBB8  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Common  -  sense  and  common  decency,  however, 
should  restrain  the  frivolous  from  engaging  much  in 
the  amusements  and  gayeties  of  life  before  six  months 
have  passed  after  the  death  of  any  near  friend.  If 
they  pretend  to  wear  black  at  all,  they  cannot  be 
too  scrupulous  in  respecting  the  restraint  which  it 
imposes. 

People  with  weak  eyes  or  lungs  must  not  wear  a 
heavy  crape  veil  over  the  face.  It  is  loaded  with 
arsenic^  and  is  most  dangerous  to  sight  and  breath. 

Fortunately  this  is  now  out  of  fashion ;  a  veil  of 
silk  gauze  has  been  introduced  which  is  considered 
deep  enough  for  widows  (a  veil  which  is  light  and 
healthful),  whose  dress  need  no  longer  be  ''non  sbs- 
thetic  and  unhygienic."  It  is  always  costly,  if  crape 
is  used,  the  widow's  dress. 

After  all,  every  lady  must  use  her  own  discretion 
as  to  the  term  of  mourning  and  its  quality. 


CHAPTER  XXn. 

MOUBNIKG   AND   FUNERAL   USAGES. 

Nothing  in  our  country  is  more  undecided  in  the 
public  mind  than  the  etiquette  of  mourning.  It  has 
not  yet  received  that  hereditary  and  positive  character 
which  makes  the  slightest  departure  from  received  cus- 
tom BO  reprehensible  in  England.  We  have  not  the 
mutes,  or  the  nodding  feathers  of  the  hearse,  that  still 
form  part  of  the  English  funeral  equipage;  nor  is  the 
rank  of  the  poor  clay  which  travels  to  its  last  home 
illustrated  by  the  pomp  and  ceremony  of  its  departure. 
Still,  in  answer  to  some  pertinent  questions,  we  will 
offer  a  few  desultory  remarks,  beginning  with  the  end, 
as  it  were — ^the  return  of  the  mourner  to  the  world. 

When  persons  who  have  been  in  mourning  wish  to 
re-enter  society,  they  should  leave  cards  on  all  their 
friends  and  acquaintances,  as  an  intimation  that  they 
are  equal  to  the  paying  and  receiving  of  calls.  Until 
this  intimation  is  given,  society  will  not  venture  to  in- 
trude upon  the  mourner's  privacy.  In  cases  where 
cards  of  inquiry  have  been  left,  with  the  words  "  To 
inquire"  written  on  the  top  of  the  card,  these  cards 
should  be  replied  to  by  cards  with  "  Thanks  for  kind 
inquiries  "  written  upon  them;  but  if  cards  for  inquiry 
had  not  been  left,  this  form  can  be  omitted. 

Of  course  there  is  a  kind  of  compKmentary  mourn- 


180  MANNBB8   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

ing  which  does  not  necessitate  seclusion — that  which 
is  worn  out  of  respect  to  a  husband's  relative  whom 
one  may  never  have  seen.  But  no  one  wearing  a  heavy 
crape  veil  should  go  to  a  gay  reception,  a  wedding,  or 
a  theatre;  the  thing  is  incongruous.  Still  less  should 
mourning  prevent  one  from  taking  proper  recreation: 
the  more  the  heart  aches,  the  more  should  one  try  to 
gain  cheerfulness  and  composure,  to  hear  music,  to  see 
faces  which  one  loves:  this  is  a  duty,  not  merely  a  wise 
and  sensible  rule.  Tet  it  is  well  to  have  some  estab- 
lished customs  as  to  visiting  and  dress  in  order  that 
the  gay  and  the  heartless  may  in  observing  them  avoid 
that  which  shocks  every  one  —  an  appearance  of  lack 
of  respect  to  the  memory  of  the  dead — that  all  society 
may  move  on  in  decency  and  order,  which  is  the  object 
and  end  of  the  study  of  etiquette. 

A  heartless  wife  who,  instead  of  being  grieved  at 
the  death  of  her  husband,  is  rejoiced  at  it,  should  be 
taught  that  society  will  not  respect  her  unless  she  pays 
to  the  memory  of  the  man  whose  name  she  bears  that 
"  homage  which  vice  pays  to  virtue,"  a  commendable 
respect  to  the  usages  of  society  in  the  matter  of  mourn- 
ing and  of  retirement  from  the  world.  Mourning  gar- 
ments have  this  use,  that  they  are  a  shield  to  the  real 
mourner,  and  they  are  often  a  curtain  of  respectability 
to  the  person  who  should  be  a  mourner  but  is  not.  We 
shall  therefore  borrow  from  the  best  English  and 
American  authorities  what  we  believe  to  be  the  most 
recent  usages  in  the  etiquette  of  mourning. 

As  for  periods  of  mourning,  we  are  told  that  a 
widow's  mourning  should  last  eighteen  months,  al- 
though in  England  it  is  somewhat  lightened  in  twelve. 


THE   widow's  dress.  181 

For  the  first  six  months  the  dress  should  be  of  crape 
cloth,  or  Henrietta  cloth  covered  entirely  with  crape, 
collar  and  cuffs  of  white  crape,  a  crape  bonnet  with  a 
long  crape  veil,  and  a  widow's  cap  of  white  crape  if 
preferred.  In  America,  however,  widows'  caps  are  not 
as  universally  worn  as  in  England.  Dull  black  kid 
gloves  are  worn  in  first  mourning;  after  that  gants  de 
Su^de  or  silk  gloves  are  proper,  particularly  in  summer. 
After  six  months'  mourning  the  crape  can  be  removed, 
and  grenadine,  copeau  fringe,  and  dead  tnmmings  used, 
if  the  smell  of  crape  is  offensive,  as  it  is  to  some  people. 
After  twelve  months  the  widow's  cap  is  left  off,  and 
the  heavy  veil  is  exchanged  for  a  lighter  one,  and  the 
dress  can  be  of  silk  grenadine,  plain  black  gros-grain, 
or  crape-trimmed  cashmere  with  jet  trimmings,  and 
cr^pe  lisse  about  the  neck  and  sleeves. 

All  kinds  of  black  fur  and  seal-skin  are  worn  in  deep 
mourning. 

Mourning  for  a  father  or  mother  should  last  one 
year.  During  half  a  year  should  be  worn  Henrietta 
cloth  or  serge  trimmed  with  crape,  at  first  with  black 
tulle  at  the  wrists  and  neck.  A  deep  veil  is  worn  at 
the  back  of  the  bonnet,  but  not  over  the  head  or  face 
like  the  widow's  veil,  which  covers  the  entire  person 
when  down.  This  fashion  is  very  much  objected  to  by 
doctors,  who  think  many  diseases  of  the  eye  come  by 
this  means,  and  advise  for  common  use  thin  nun's-veil- 
ing  instead  of  crape,  which  sheds  its  pernicious  dye 
into  the  sensitive  nostrils,  producing  catarrhal  disease 
as  well  as  blindness  and  cataract  of  the  eye.  It  is  a 
thousand  pities  that  fashion  dictates  the  crape  veil,  but 
80  it  is.    It  is  the  very  banner  of  woe,  and  no  one  has 


182  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

the  courage  to  go  without  it.  We  can  only  suggest 
to  mourners  wearing  it  that  they  should  pin  a  small 
veil  of  black  tulle  over  the  eyes  and  nose,  and  throw 
back  the  heavy  crape  as  often  as  possible,  for  health's 
sake. 

Jet  ornaments  alone  should  be  worn  for  eighteen 
months,  unless  diamonds  set  as  mementoes  are  used. 
For  half -mourning,  a  bonnet  of  silk  or  chip,  trimmed 
with  crape  and  ribbon.  Mourning  flowers,  and  cr^pe 
lisse  at  the  hands  and  wrists,  lead  the  way  to  gray, 
mauve,  and  white-and-black-toilettes  after  the  second 
year. 

Mourning  for  a  brother  or  sister  may  be  the  same; 
for  a  stepfather  or  stepmother  the  same;  for  grand- 
parents the  same;  but  the  duration  may  be  shorter. 
In  England  this  sort  of  respectful  mourning  only  lasts 
three  months. 

Mourning  for  children  should  last  nine  months.  The 
first  three  the  dress  should  be  crape  -  trimmed,  the 
mourning  less  deep  than  that  for  a  husband.  No  one 
is  ever  ready  to  take  off  mourning;  therefore  these 
rules  have  this  advantage — they  enable  the  friends 
around  a  grief -stricken  mother  to  tell  her  when  is  the 
time  to  make  ber  dress  more  cheerful,  which  she  is 
bound  to  do  for  the  sake  of  the  survivors,  many  of 
whom  are  perhaps  affected  for  life  by  seeing  a  mother 
always  in  black.  It  is  well  for  mothers  to  remember 
this  when  sorrow  for  a  lost  child  makes  all  the  earth 
seem  barren  to  them. 

We  are  often  asked  whether  letters  of  condolence 
should  be  written  on  black-edged  paper.  Decidedly 
not,  unless  the  writer  is  in  black.     The  telegraph  now 


DURATION   OF  WIDOWS*  MOURNING.  183 

flashes  messages  of  respect  and  sympathy  across  sea 
and  land  like  a  voice  from  the  heart.  Perhaps  it  is 
better  than  any  other  word  of  sympathy,  although  all 
who  can  should  write  to  a  bereaved  person.  There  is 
no  formula  possible  for  these  letters;  they  must  be  left 
to  the  individual's  good  taste,  and  perhaps  the  simplest 
and  least  conventional  are  the  best.  A  card  with  a 
few  words  pencilled  on  it  has  often  been  the  best  letter 
of  condolence. 

In  France  a  long  and  deeply  edged  mourning  letter 
or  address,  called  a  faire  par%  is  sent  to  every  one 
known  to  the  family  to  advise  them  of  a  death.  In 
this  country  that  is  not  done,  although  some  mention 
of  the  deceased  is  generally  sent  to  friends  in  Europe 
who  would  not  otherwise  hear  of  the  death. 

Wives  wear  mourning  for  the  relatives  of  their  hus- 
bands precisely  as  they  would  for  their  own,  as  would 
husbands  for  the  relatives  of  their  wives.  Widowers 
wear  mourning  for  their  wives  two  years  in  England; 
here  only  one  year.  Widowers  go  into  society  at  a 
much  earlier  date  than  widows,  it  being  a  received  rule 
that  all  gentlemen  in  mourning  for  relatives  go  into 
society  very  much  sooner  than  ladies. 

Ladies  of  the  family  attend  the  funeral  of  a  relative 
if  they  are  able  to  do  so,  and  wear  their  deepest  mourn- 
ing. Servants  are  usually  put  in  mourning  for  the 
head  of  the  family — ^sometimes  for  any  member  of  it. 
They  should  wear  a  plain  black  livery  and  weeds  on 
their  hats;  the  inside  lining  of  the  family  carriage 
should  also  be  of  black. 

The  period  of  mourning  for  an  aunt  or  uncle  or 
cousin  is  of  three  months'  duration,  and  that  time  at 


184  KAKJ^BBS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGBS. 

least  should  elapse  before  the  family  go  out  or  into  gay 
company^  or  are  seen  at  theatres  or  operas,  etc. 

We  now  come  to  the  saddest  part  of  our  subject, 
the  consideration  of  the  dead  body,  so  dear,  yet  so  soon 
to  leave  us;  so  familiar,  yet  so  far  away — ^the  cast-off 
dress,  the  beloved  clay.     Dust  to  dust,  ashes  to  ashes! 

As  for  the  coffin,  it  is  simpler  than  formerly;  and, 
while  lined  with  satin  and  made  with  care,  it  is  plain 
on  the  outside — black  cloth,  with  silver  plate  for  the 
name,  and  silver  handles,  being  in  the  most  modern 
taste.  There  are  but  few  of  the  "  trappings  of  woe.'* 
At  the  funeral  of  General  Grant,  twice  a  President,  and 
regarded  as  the  saviour  of  his  country,  there  was  a 
gorgeous  catafalque  of  purple  velvet,  but  at  the  ordi- 
nary funeral  there  are  none  of  these  trappings.  If 
our  richest  citizen  were  to  die  to-morrow,  he  would 
probably  be  buried  plainly.  Yet  it  is  touching  to  see 
with  what  fidelity  the  poorest  creature  tries  to  "bury 
her  dead  dacent."  The  destitute  Irish  woman  begs 
for  a  few  dollars  for  this  sacred  duty,  and  seldom  in 
vain.  It  is  a  duty  for  the  rich  to  put  down  ostenta- 
tion in  funerals,  for  it  is  an  expense  which  comes 
heavily  on  those  who  have  poverty  added  to  grief. 

In  dressing  the  remains  for  the  grave,  those  of  a  man 
are  usually  "clad  in  his  habit  as  he  lived."  For  a 
woman,  tastes  differ:  a  white  robe  and  cap,  not  neces- 
sarily shroudlike,  are  decidedly  unexceptionable.  For 
young  persons  and  children  white  cashmere  robes  and 
flowers  are  always  most  appropriate. 

The  late  cardinal,  whose  splendid  obsequies  and 
whose  regal '"  lying  in  state "  were  in  keeping  with 
his  high  rank  and  the  gorgeous  ceremonial  of  his 


FLOWBBS   AT  FUNERALS.  185 

Church,  was  strongly  opposed  to  the  profuse  use  of 
flowers  at  funerals,  and  requested  that  none  be  sent  to 
deck  his  lifeless  clay.  He  was  a  modest  and  humble 
man,  and  always  on  the  right  side  in  these  things; 
therefore  let  his  advice  prevail.  A  few  flowers  placed 
in  the  dead  hand,  perhaps  a  simple  wreath,  but  not 
those  unmeaning  memorials  which  have  become  to  real 
mourners  such  sad  perversities  of  good  taste,  such  a 
misuse  of  flowers.  Let  those  who  can  afford  to  send 
such  things  devote  the  money  to  the  use  of  poor 
mothers  who  cannot  afford  to  buy  a  coffin  for  a  dead 
child  or  a  coat  for  a  living  one. 

In  the  course  of  a  month  after  a  death  all  friends  of 
the  deceased  are  expected  to  leave  cards  on  the  surviv- 
ors, and  it  is  discretionary  whether  these  be  written  on 
or  not.  These  cards  should  be  carefully  preserved, 
that,  when  the  mourner  is  ready  to  return  to  the  world, 
they  may  be  properly  acknowledged;  or,  better  still, 
a  card  may  be  engraved:  "Mr.  Browning  returns  his 
thanks  for  kind  expressions  of  sympathy."  This  can 
be  sent  through  a  secretary  to  all  who  have  left 
cards. 


CHAPTER  XXin. 

LETTERS   OF   CONDOLENCE. 

Pbobablt  no  branch  of  the  epistolary  art  has  ever 
given  to  friendly  hearts  so  much  perplexity  as  that 
which  has  to  do  with  writing  to  friends  in  affliction. 
It  is  delightful  to  sit  down  and  wish  anybody  joy;  to 
overflow  with  congratulatory  phrases  over  a  favorable 
bit  of  news;  to  say  how  glad  you  are  that  your  friend 
is  engaged  or  married,  or  has  inherited  a  fortune,  has 
written  a  successful  book,  or  has  painted  an  immortal 
picture.  Joy  opens  the  closet  of  language,  and  the 
gems  of  expression  are  easily  found;  but  the  fountain 
of  feeling  being  chilled  by  the  uncongenial  atmosphere 
of  grief,  by  the  sudden  horror  of  death,  or  the  more 
terrible  breath  of  dishonor  or  shame,  or  even  by  the 
cold  blast  of  undeserved  misfortune,  leaves  the  in- 
dividual sympathizer  in  a  mood  of  perplexity  and  of 
sadness  which  is  of  itself  a  most  discouraging  frame 
of  mind  for  the  inditing  of  a  letter. 

And  yet  we  sympathize  with  our  friend :  we  desire 
to  tell  him  so.  We  want  to  say,  "  My  friend,  your 
grief  is  my  grief ;  nothing  can  hurt  you  that  does  not 
hurt  me.  I  cannot,  of  course,  enter  into  all  your  feel- 
ings, but  to  stand  by  and  see  you  hurt,  and  remain 
unmoved  myself,  is  impossible."  All  this  we  wish  to 
say;  but  how  shall  we  say  it  that  our  words  may  not 


WETTTEN  EXPBESSIONS   OP  SYMPATHY.  187 

hurt  him  a  great  deal  more  than  he  is  hurt  already? 
How  shall  we  lay  our  hand  so  tenderly  on  that  sore 
spot  that  we  may  not  inflict  a  fresh  wound?  How 
can  we  say  to  a  mother  who  bends  over  a  fresh  grave, 
that  we  regret  the  loss  she  has  sustained  in  the  death 
of  her  child  ?  Can  language  measure  the  depth,  the 
height,  the  immensity,  the  bitterness  of  that  grief  ? 
Wliat  shall  we  say  that  is  not  trite  and  commonplace 
•—even  unfeeling  ?  Shall  we  be  pagan,  and  say  that 
"  whom  the  gods  love  die  young,"  or  Christian,  and 
l*emark  that  "  God  does  not  willingly  afflict  the  chil- 
dren of  men?"  She  has  thought  of  that,  she  has 
heard  it,  alas!  often  before  —  but  too  often,  as  she 
thinks  now. 

Shall  we  tell  her  what  she  has  lost — ^how  good,  how 
loving,  how  brave,  how  admirable  was  the  spirit 
which  has  just  left  the  flesh  ?  Alas !  how  well  she 
knows  that !  How  her  tears  well  up  as  she  remembers 
the  silent  fortitude,  the  heroic  patience  under  the 
pain  that  was  to  kill !  Shall  we  quote  ancient  phi- 
losophers and  modern  poets?  They  have  all  dwelt 
at  greater  or  less  length  upon  death  and  the  grave. 
Or  shall  we  say,  in  simple  and  unpremeditated  words, 
the  thoughts  which  fill  our  own  minds  ? 

The  person  who  has  to  write  this  letter  may  be  a 
ready  writer,  who  finds  fit  expression  at  the  point 
of  his  pen,  and  who  overflows  with  the  language  of 
consolation  —  such  a  one  needs  no  advice;  but  to 
the  hundreds  who  do  need  help  we  would  say  that 
the  simplest  expressions  are  the  best.  A  distant 
friend,  upon  one  of  these  occasions,  wrote  a  letteif 
as  brief  as  brief  might  be,  but  of  its  kind  altogethet 


188  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL    USAQBS. 

perfect.  It  ran  thus :  ^'  I  have  heard  of  your  great 
grief^  and  I  send  you  a  simple  pressure  of  the  hand." 
Coming  from  a  gay  and  volatile  person,  it  had  for 
the  mourner  great  consolation ;  pious  quotations, 
an<}  even  the  commonplaces  of  condolence,  would 
have  seemed  forced.  Undoubtedly  those  persons 
do  us  great  good,  or  they  wish  to,  who  tell  us  to 
be  resigned — that  we  have  deserved  this  affliction; 
that  we  suffer  now,  but  that  our  present  sufferings 
are  nothing  to  what  our  future  sufferings  shall  be ; 
that  we  are  only  entering  the  portals  of  agony,  and 
that  every  day  will  reveal  to  us  the  magnitude  of 
our  loss.  Such  is  the  formula  which  certain  persons 
use,  under  the  title  of  "letters  of  condolence."  It 
is  the  wine  mixed  with  gall  which  they  gave  our 
Lord  to  drink;  and  as  He  refused  it,  so  may  we. 
There  are,  no  doubt,  persons  of  a  gloomy  and  a  re- 
ligious temperament  combined  who  delight  in  such 
phrases ;  who  quote  the  least  consolatory  of  the 
texts  of  Scripture ;  who  roll  our  grief  as  a  sweet 
morsel  under  their  tongues  ;  who  really  envy  the  po- 
sition of  chief  mourner  as  one  of  great  dignity  and 
considerable  consequence;  who  consider  crape  and 
bombazine  as  a  sort  of  royal  mantle  conferring  dis- 
tinction. There  are  many  such  people  in  the  world. 
Dickens  and  Anthony  TroUope  have  put  them  into 
novels — solemn  and  ridiculous  Malvolios;  they  exist 
in  nature,  in  literature,  and  in  art.  It  adds  a  new 
terror  to  death  when  we  reflect  that  such  persons  will 
not  fail  to  make  it  the  occasion  of  letter-writing. 
But  those  who  write  to  us  strongly  and  cheerfully, 

who  do  not  dwell  so  much  on  our  grief  as  on  oar 
14 


INFELICITOUS   STMPATHIZEBS.  189 

remaining  duties  —  they  are  the  people  who  help  us. 
To  advise  a  mourner  to  go  out  into  the  sun,  to  resume 
his  work,  to  help  the  poor,  and,  above  all,  to  carry  on 
the  efforts,  to  emulate  the  virtues  of  the  deceased — 
this  is  comfort.  It  is  a  very  dear  and  consoling  thing 
to  a  bereaved  friend  to  hear  the  excellence  of  the  de- 
parted extolled,  to  read  and  re-read  all  of  the  precious 
testimony  which  is  borne  by  outsiders  to  the  saintly 
life  ended — and  there  are  few  so  hard-hearted  as  not  to 
find  something  good  to  say  of  the  dead :  it  is  the  im- 
pulse of  human  nature ;  it  underlies  all  our  philosophy 
and  our  religion ;  it  is  the  "  stretching  out  of  a  hand," 
and  it  comforts  the  afflicted.  But  what  shall  we  say 
to  those  on  whom  disgrace  has  laid  its  heavy,  defiling 
hand?  Is  it  well  to  write  to  them  at  all?  Shall 
we  not  be  mistaken  for  those  who  prowl  like  jackals 
round  a  grave,  and  will  not  our  motives  be  misun- 
derstood ?  Is  not  sympathy  sometimes  malice  in  dis- 
guise ?  Does  not  the  phrase  "  I  am  80  sorry  for  you  I" 
sometimes  sound  like  "I  am  so  glad  for  myself?" 
Undoubtedly  it  does ;  but  a  sincere  friend  should  not 
be  restrained,  through  fear  that  his  motive  may  be 
mistaken,  from  saying  that  he  wishes  to  bear  some 
part  of  the  burden.  Let  him  show  that  the  unhappy 
man  is  in  his  thoughts,  that  he  would  like  to  help, 
that  he  would  be  glad  to  see  him,  or  take  him  out, 
or  send  him  a  book,  or  at  least  write  him  a  letter. 
Such  a  wish  as  this  will  hurt  no  one. 

Philosophy — some  quaint  and  dry  bit  of  old  Seneca, 
or  modem  Rochefoucauld — has  often  helped  a  strug- 
gling heart  when  disgrace,  deserved  or  undeserved, 
has  placed  the  soul  in  gyves  of  iron. 


rm . 


190  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAOBS. 

Sympathetic  persons,  of  narrow  minds  and  imper- 
fect education,  often  have  the  gift  of  being  able  to  say 
most  consolatory  things.  Irish  servants,  for  instance, 
rarely  hurt  the  feelings  of  a  mourner.  They  burst  out 
in  the  language  of  Nature,  and,  if  it  is  sometimes  gro- 
tesque, it  is  almost  always  comforting.  It  is  the  edu- 
cated and  conscientious  person  who  finds  the  writing 
of  a  letter  of  condolence  difficult. 

Perhaps  much  of  our  dread  of  death  is  the  result  of 
a  false  education,  and  the  wearing  of  black  may  after 
all  be  a  mistake.  At  the  moment  when  we  need  bright 
colors,  fresh  flowers,  sunshine,  and  beauty,  we  hide 
ourselves  behind  crape  veils  and  make  our  garments 
heavy  with  ashes ;  but  as  it  is  conventional  it  is  in 
one  way  a  protection,  and  is  therefore  proper.  No 
one  feels  like  varying  the  expressions  of  a  grief 
which  has  the  Anglo -Saxon  seriousness  in  it,  the 
Scandinavian  melancholy  of  a  people  from  whom 
Nature  hides  herself  behind  a  curtain  of  night.  To 
the  sunny  and  graceful  Greek  the  road  of  the  dead 
was  the  Via  Felice ;  it  was  the  happy  way,  the  gate 
of  flow.ers;  the  tombs  were  furnished  as  the  houses 
were,  with  images  of  the  beloved,  and  the  veriest  tri- 
fles which  the  deceased  had  loved.  One  wonders,  as 
the  tomb  of  a  child  is  opened  on  the  road  out  of 
Tanagra,  near  Athens,  and  the  toys  and  hobby-hoiBe 
and  little  shoes  are  found  therein,  if,  after  all,  that 
father  and  mother  were  not  wiser  than  we  who,  like 
Constance,  ^' stuff  out  his  vacant  garments  with  his 
form."  Is  there  not  something  quite  unenlightened 
in  the  persistence  with  which  we  connect  death  with 
gloom  ? 


FOBM   OF   LETTBBS    OF   CONDOLBNCB.  191 

Oiir  correspondents  often  ask  us  when  a  letter  of 
condolence  should  be  written?  As  soon  as  possible. 
Do  not  be  afraid  to  intrude  on  any  grief.  It  is  gen- 
erally a  welcome  distraction,  to  even  the  most  mor- 
bid mourner,  to  read  a  letter ;  and  those  who  are  so 
stunned  by  grief  as  not  to  be  able  to  write  or  to  read 
will  always  have  some  willing  soul  near  them  who 
will  read  and  answer  for  them. 

The  afflicted,  however,  should  never  be  expected 
to  answer  lettejrs.  They  can  and  should  receive  the 
kindest  and  the  most  prompt  that  their  friends  can 
indite.  Often  a  phrase  on  which  the  writer  has  built 
no  hope  may  be  the  airy  bridge  over  which  the  sorrow- 
ing soul  returns  slowly  and  blindly  to  peace  and  resig- 
nation. Who  would  miss  the  chance,  be  it  one  in  ten 
thousand,  of  building  such  a  bridge  ?  Those  who  have 
suffered  and  been  strong,  those  whom  we  love  and  re- 
spect, those  who  have  the  honest  faith  in  human  nature 
which  enables  them  to  read  aright  the  riddle  of  this 
strange  world,  those  who  by  faith  walk  over  burning 
ploughshares  and  dread  no  evil,  those  are  the  people 
who  write  the  best  letters  of  condolence.  They  do  not 
dwell  on  our  grief,  or  exaggerate  it,  although  they  are 
evidently  writing  to  us  with'  a  lump  in  the  throat  and 
a  tear  in  the  eye — ^they  do  not  say  so,  but  we  feel  it. 
They  tell  us  of  the  certain  influence  of  time,  which 
will  change  our  present  grief  into  our  future  joy. 
They  say  a  few  beautiful  words  of  the  friend  whom 
we  have  lost,  recount  their  own  loss  in  him  in  a  few 
fitting  words  of  earnest  sympathy  which  may  carry 
consolation,  if  only  by  the  wish  of  the  writer.  They 
beg  of  us  to  be  patient.    God  has  brought  life  and  im« 


192  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

mortality  to  light  through  death,  andto  those  whom 
"he  has  thought  worthy  to  endure,"  this  thought  may 
ever  form  the  basis  of  a  letter  of  condolence. 

"Give  me,"  said  the  dying  Herder,  "a  great 
thought,  that  I  may  console  myself  with  that."  It  is 
a  present  of  no  mean  value,  a  great  thought;  and  if 
every  letter  of  condolence  could  bear  with  it  one 
broad  phrase  of  honest  sympathy  it  would  be  a  blessed 
instrumentality  for  carrying  patience  and  resignation, 
peace  and  comfort,  into  those  dark  places  where  the 
sufferer  is  eating  his  heart  out  with  grief,  or  where 
Rachel  "  weeps  for  her  children,  and  will  not  be  com- 
forted, because  they  are  not." 


CHAPTER  XXIV. 

CHAPBBONS   JlNJ>   THEIB  DUTIES. 

It  is  strange  that  the  Americans,  so  prone  to  imitate 
British  customs,  have  been  slow  to  adopt  that  law  of 
English  society  which  pronounces  a  chaperon  an  indis- 
pensable adjunct  of  every  unmarried  young  woman. 

The  readers  of  "  Little  Dorrit "  will  recall  the  ex- 
ceedingly witty  sketch  of  Mrs.  General,  who  taught 
her  young  ladies  to  form  their  mouths  into  a  lady-like 
pattern  by  saying  '^  papa,  potatoes,  prunes,  and  prism." 
Dickens  knew  very  little  of  society,  and  cared  very 
little  for  its  laws,  and  his  ladies  and  gentlemen  were 
pronounced  in  England  to  be  as  great  failures  as  his 
Little  Nells  and  Dick  Swivellers  were  successes;  but 
he  recognized  the  universality  of  chaperons.  His 
portrait  of  Mrs.  General  (the  first  luxury  which  Mr. 
Dorrit  allowed  himself  after  inheriting  his  fortune) 
shows  how  universal  is  the  necessity  of  a  chaperon  in 
English  society,  and  on  the  Continent,  to  the  proper 
introduction  of  young  ladies,  and  how  entirely  their 
"  style  "  depends  upon  their  chaperon.  Of  course  Dick- 
ens made  her  funny,  of  course  he  made  her  ridiculous, 
but  he  put  her  there.  An  American  novelist  would 
not  have  thought  it  worth  mentioning,  nor  would  an 
American  papa  with  two  motherless  daughters  have 
thought  it  necessary,  if  he  travelled  with  them,  to 
have  a  chaperon  for  his  daughters. 


194  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Of  course,  a  mother  is  the  natural  chaperon  of  her 
daughters,  and  if  she  understand  her  duties  and  the 
usages  of  society  there  is  nothing  further  to  be  said. 
But  the  trouble  is  that  many  American  mothers  are 
exceedingly  careless  on  this  point.  We  need  not 
point  to  the  wonderful  Mrs.  Miller — Daisy's  mother — 
in  Henry  James,  Jr.'s,  photograph  of  a  large  class  of 
American  matrons — a  woman  who  loved  her  daugh- 
ter, knew  how  to  take  care  of  her  when  she  was  ill, 
but  did  not  know  in  the  least  how  to  take  care  of  her 
when  she  was  well;  who  allowed  her  to  go  about  with 
young  men  alone,  to  "  get  engaged,"  if  so  she  jjjeased, 
and  who,  arriving  at  a  party  after  her  daughter  had 
appeared,  rather  apologized  for  coming  at  all.  All 
this  is  notoriously  true,  and  comes  of  our  crude  civ- 
ilization. It  is  the  transition  state.  Until  we  lear^ 
better,  we  must  expect  to  be  laughed  at  on  the  Pin- 
cian  Hill,  and  we  must  expect  English  novelists  to 
paint  pictures  of  us  which  we  resent,  and  French 
dramatists  to  write  plays  in  which  we  see  ourselves 
held  up  as  savages. 

Europeans  have  been  in  the  habit  of  taking  care  of 
young  girls,  as  if  they  were  the  precious  porcelain 
of  human  clay.  The  American  mamma  treats  her 
beautiful  daughter  as  if  she  were  a  very  common 
piece  of  delft  indeed,  and  as  if  she  could  drift  down 
the  stream  of  life,  knocking  all  other  vessels  to  pieces, 
but  escaping  injury  to  herself. 

Owing  to  the  very  remarkable  and  strong  sense  of 
propriety  which  American  women  innately  possess — 
their  truly  healthy  love  of  virtue,  the  absence  of  any 
morbid  suspicion  of  wrong — this  rule  has  worked  bet- 


THE    AMERICAN   GIRL.  195 

ter  than  any  one  would  have  dared  hope.  Owing, 
also,  to  the  exceptionally  respectful  and  chivalrous 
nature  of  American  men,  it  has  been  possible  for  a 
young  lady  to  travel  unattended'  from  Maine  to  Geor- 
gia, or  anywhere  within  the  new  geographical  limits 
of  our  social  growth.  Mr.  Howells  founded  a  romance 
upon  this  principle,  that  American  women  do  not  need 
a  chaperon.  Yet  we  must  remember  that  all  the 
black  sheep  are  not  killed  yet,  and  we  must  also  re- 
member that  propriety  must  be  more  attended  to  as 
we  cease  to  be  a  young  and  primitive  nation,  and  as 
we  enter  the  lists  of  the  rich,  cultivated,  luxurious 
people  of  the  earth. 

Little  as  we  may  care  for  the  opinion  of  foreigners 
we  do  not  wish  our  young  ladies  to  appear  in  their 
eyes  in  a  false  attitude,  and  one  of  the  first  necessities 
of  a  proper  attitude,  one  of  the  first  demands  of  a 
polished  society,  is  the  presence  of  a  chaperon.  She 
should  be  a  lady  old  enough  to  be  the  mother  of  her 
charge,  and  of  unexceptionable  manner.  She  must 
know  society  thoroughly  herself,  and  respect  its  laws. 
She  should  be  above  the  suspicion  of  reproach  in 
character,  and  devoted  to  her  work.  In  England  there 
are  hundreds  of  widows  of  half -pay  officers — well-bom, 
well-trained,  well-educated  women — who  can  be  hired 
for  money,  as  was  Mrs.  General,  to  play  this  part. 
There  is  no  such  class  in  America,  but  there  is  al- 
most always  a  lady  who  will  gladly  perform  the  task  of 
chaperoning  motherless  girls  without  remuneration. 

It  is  not  considered  proper  in  England  for  a  wid- 
owed father  to  place  an  unmarried  daughter  at  the 
head  of  his  house  without  the  companionship  of  a 


196  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

resident  chaperon,  and  there  are  grave  objections  to  its 
being  done  here.  We  have  all  known  instances  where 
such  liberty  has  been  very  bad  for  young  girls,  and 
where  it  has  led  to  great  scandals  which  the  presence 
of  a  chaperon  would  have  averted. 

The  duties  of  a  chaperon  are  very  hard  and  unre- 
mitting, and  sometimes  very  disagreeable.  She  must 
accompany  her  young  lady  everywhere ;  she  must  sit 
in  the  parlor  when  she  receives  gentlemen  ;  she  must 
go  with  her  to  the  skating-rink,  the  ball,  the  party,  the 
races,  the  dinners,  and  especially  to  theatre  parties ;  she 
must  preside  at  the  table,  and  act  the  part  of  a  mother, 
so  far  as  she  can ;  she  must  watch  the  characters  of 
the  men  who  approach  her  charge,  and  endeavor  to 
save  the  inexperienced  girl  from  the  dangers  of  a  bad 
marriage,  if  possible.  To  perform  this  feat,  and  not  to 
degenerate  into  a  Spanish  duenna,  a  dragon,  or  a  Mrs. 
General — who  was  simply  a  fool — is  a  very  difficult 
task. 

No  doubt  a  vivacious  American  girl,  with  all  her  in- 
heritedhatred  of  authority,  is  a  troublesome  charge.  All 
young  people  are  rebels.  They  dislike  being  watched 
and  guarded.  They  have  no  idea  what  Hesperidean 
fruit  they  are,  and  they  object  to  the  dragon  decidedly. 

But  a  wise,  well-tempered  woman  can  manage  the 
situation.  If  she  have  tact,  a  chaperon  will  add  very 
much  to  the  happiness  of  her  young  charge.  She  will 
see  that  the  proper  men  are  introduced;  that  her  young 
lady  is  provided  with  a  partner  for  the  german ;  that 
she  is  asked  to  nice  places;  that  she  goes  well  dressed 
and  properly  accompanied ;  that  she  gives  the  return 
ball  herself  in  handsome  style. 


THB   NEED   OF   A   CHAPBBON.  197 

"I  owe,"  said  a  wealthy  widower  in  New  York, 
whose  daughters  all  made  remarkably  happy  mar- 
riages— "I  owe  all  their  happiness  to  Mrs.  Constant, 
whom  I  was  so  fortunate  as  to  secure  aslheir  chaperon. 
She  knew  society  (which  I  did  not),  as  if  it  were  in 
her  pocket.  She  knew  exactly  what  girls  ought  to 
do,  and  she  was  so  agreeable  herself  that  they  never 
disliked  having  her  with  them.  She  was  very  rigid, 
too,  and  would  not  let  them  stay  late  at  balls;  but 
they  loved  and  respected  her  so  much  that  they  never 
rebelled,  and  now  they  love  her  as  if  she  were  really 
their  mother," 

A  woman  of  elegant  manners  and  of  charming  char- 
acter, who  will  submit  to  the  slavery — ^for  it  is  little 
less-— of  being  a  chaperon,  is  hard  to  find ;  yet  every 
motherless  family  should  try  to  secure  such  a  person. 
In  travelling  in  Europe,  an  accomplished  chaperon 
can  do  more  for  young  girls  than  any  amount  of  fort- 
une. She  has  the  thing  they  want — that  is,  knowledge. 
With  her  they  can  go  everywhere — to  picture-galler- 
ies,  theatres,  public  and  private  balls,  and  into  society, 
if  they  wish  it.  It  is  "etiquette"  to  have  a  chaperon, 
and  it  is  the  greatest  violation  of  it  not  to  have  one. 

If  a  woman  is  protected  by  the  armor  of  work,  she 
can  dispense  with  a  chaperon.  The  young  artist  goes 
about  her  copying  unquestioned,  but  in  society,  with 
its  different  laws,  she  must  be  under  the  care  of  an 
older  woman  than  herself. 

A  chaperon  is  indispensable  to  an  engaged  girl. 
The  mother,  or  some  lady  friend,  should  always  ac- 
company a  young  Jianc&e  on  her  journeys  to  the  vari- 
ous places  of  amusement  and  to  the  watering-places. 


^J 


198  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

Nothing  is  more  vulgar  in  the  eyes  of  our  modem 
society  than  for  an  engaged  couple  to  travel  together 
or  to  go  to  the  theatre  unaccompanied,  as  was  the 
primitive  custom.  This  will,  we  know,  shock  many 
Americans,  and  be  called  a  '^  foolish  following  of  for- 
eign fashions."  But  it  is  true ;  and,  if  it  were  only 
for  the  "looks  of  the  thing,"  it  is  more  decent,  more 
elegant,  and  more  correct  for  the  young'  couple  to 
be  accompanied  by  a  chaperon  until  married.  Soci- 
ety allows  an  engaged  girl  to  drive  with  her  fianci 
in  an  open  carriage,,  but  it  does  not  approve  of  his 
taking  her  in  a  close  carriage  to  an  evening  party. 

There  are  non-resident  chaperons  who  are  most  pop- 
ular and  most  useful.  Thus,  one  mamma  or  elderly 
lady  may  chaperon  a  number  of  young  ladies  to  a  din- 
ner, or  a  drive  on  a  coach,  a  sail  down  the  bay,  or  a 
ball  at  West  Point.  This  lady  looks  after  all  her 
young  charges,  and  attends  to  their  propriety  and 
their  happiness.  She  is  the  guardian  angel,  for  the 
moment,  of  their  conduct.  It  is  a  care  which  young 
men  always  admire  and  respect-this  of  a  kind,  well- 
bred  chaperon,  who  does  not  allow  the  youthful  spirits 
of  her  charges  to  run  away  with  them. 

The  chaperon,  if  an  intelligent  woman,  and  with  the 
sort  of  social  talent  which  a  chaperon  ought  to  have, 
is  the  best  friend  of  a  family  of  shy  girls.  She  brings 
them  forward,  and  places  them  in  a  position  in  which 
they  can  enjoy  society ;  for  there  is  a  great  deal  of 
tact  required  in  a  large  city  to  make  a  retiring  girl 
enjoy  herself.  Society  demands  a  certain  amount  of 
handling,  which  only  the  social  expert  understands. 
To  this  the  chaperon  should  be  equal.    There  are  some 


THE   INJUDICIOUS   CHAPERON.  199 

women  who  have  a  social  talent  whicli  is  simply  Na- 
poleonic. They  manage  it  as  a  great  general  does  his 
corps  de  hataiUe. 

Again,  there  are  bad  chaperons.  A  flirtatious  mar- 
ried woman  who  is  thinking  of  herself  only,  and  who 
takes  young  girls  about  merely  to  enable  herself  to 
lead  a  gay  life  (and  the  world  is  full  of  such  women),  is 
worse  than  no  chaperon  at  all.  She  is  not  a  protection 
to  the  young  lady,  and  she  disgusts  the  honorable 
men  who  would  like  to  approach  her  charge.  A  very 
young  chaperon,  bent  on  pleasure,  who  undertakes  to 
make  respectable  the  coaching  party,  but  who  has 
no  dignity  of  character  to  impress  upon  it,  is  a  very 
poor  one.  Many  of  the  most  flagrant  violations  of 
propriety,  in  what  is  called  the  fashionable  set,  have 
arisen  from  this  choice  of  young  chaperons,  which  is 
a  mere  begging  of  the  question,  and  no  chaperonage 
at  all. 

Too  much  champagne  is  drunk,  too  late  hours  are 
kept,  silly  stories  are  circulated,  and  appearances  are 
disregarded  by  these  gay  girls  and  their  young  chap- 
erons ;  and  yet  they  dislike  very  much  to  see  them- 
selves afterwards  held  up  to  ridicule  in  the  pages 
of  a  magazine  by  an  Englishman,  whose  every  sen- 
timent of  propriety,  both  educated  and  innate,  has 
been  shocked  by  their  conduct. 

A  young  Frenchman  who  visited  America  a  few 
years  ago  formed  the  worst  judgment  of  American 
woinen  because  he  met  one  alone  at  an  artist's  studio. 
He  misinterpreted  the  profoundly  sacred  and  correc- 
tive influences  of  art.  It  had  not  occurred  to  the 
lady  that  if  she  went  to  see  a  picture  she  would  be 


200  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL    USAGES. 

suspected  of  wishing  to  see  the  artist.  Still,  the 
fact  that  such  a  mistake  could  be  made  should  render 
ladies  careful  of  even  the  appearance  of  evil. 

A  chaperon  should  in  her  turn  remember  that  she 
must  not  open  a  letter.  She  must  not  exercise  an  un- 
wise surveillance.  She  must  not  suspect  her  charge. 
All  that  sort  of  Spanish  espionage  is  always  outwit- 
ted. The  most  successful  chaperons  are  those  who 
love  their  young  charges,  respect  them,  try  to  be  in 
every  way  what  the  mother  would  have  been.  Of 
course,  all  relations  of  this  sort  are  open  to  many 
drawbacks  on  both  sides,  but  it  is  not  impossible  that 
it  may  be  an  agreeable  relation,  if  both  parties  exer- 
cise a  little  tact. 

In  selecting  a  chaperon  for  a  young  charge,  let  par- 
ents or  guardians  be  very  particular  as  to  the  past 
history  of  the  lady.  If  she  has  ever  been  talked  about^ 
ever  suffered  the  bad  reputation  of  flirt  or  coquette, 
do  not  think  of  placing  her  in  that  position.  Clubs 
have  long  memories,  and  the  fate  of  more  than  one 
young  heiress  has  been  imperilled  by  an  injudicious 
choice  of  a  chaperon.  If  any  woman  should  have  a 
spotless  record  and  admirable  character  it  should  be 
the  chaperon.  It  will  tell  against  her  charge  if  she 
have  not.  Certain  needy  women  who  have  been  la- 
dies, and  who  precariously  attach  to  society  through 
their  families,  are  always  seeking  for  some  young 
heiress.  These  women  are  very  poor  chaperons,  and 
should  be  avoided. 

This  business  of  chaperonage  is  a  point  which  de- 
mands attention  on  the  part  of  careless  American 
mothers.    No  mother  should  be  oblivious  of  her  duty 


THB  CHAPBBONS  ABBOAD.  201 

in  this  respect.  It  does  not  imply  that  she  doubts 
her  daughter's  honor  or  truth,  or  that  she  thinks  she 
needs  watching,  but  it  is  proper  and  respectable  and 
necessary  that  she  should  appear  by  her  daughter's 
side  in  society.  The  world  is  full  of  traps.  It  is  im- 
possible to  be  too  careful  of  the  reputation  of  a  young 
lady,  and  it  improves  the  tone  of  society  vastly  if  an 
elegant  and  respectable  woman  of  middle  age  accom- 
panies every  young  party.  It  goes  far  to  silence  the 
ceaseless  clatter  of  gossip ;  it  is  the  antidote  to  scan- 
dal ;  it  makes  the  air  clearer ;  and,  above  all,  it  im- 
proves the  character,  the  manners,  and  elevates  the 
minds  of  the  young  people  who  are  so  happy  as  to 
enjoy  the  society  and  to  feel  the  authority  of  a  culti- 
vated, wise,  and  good  chaperon.  No  young  lady,  or 
d^evant  young  lady,  should  travel  in  Europe  and  ex- 
pect to  be  received  in  society  without  a  chaperon. 
Not  even  at  the  house  of  her  own  ambassador  will 
she  be  well  received  if  she  is  alone.  We  all  may 
know  her  at  home,  and  may  respect  her  character  and 
her  independence,  but  she  will  be  fatally  misjudged 
in  Italy  and  France,  and  not  too  well  received  in  Eng- 
land, if  she  goes  about  alone. 

What  people  do  at  home,  where  their  characters  are 
known,  is  another  thing,  but  if  they  outrage  etiquette 
in  a  foreign  land,  woe  be  unto  them. 


CHAPTER  XXV. 

STIQUBTTB   FOB   ELDEBLY   OIBLS. 

A  BBiSK  correspondent  writes  to  us  that  she  finds 
our  restrictions  as  to  the  etiquette  which  single  wom- 
en should  follow  somewhat  embarrassing.  Being  now 
thirty-five,  and  at  the  head  of  her  father's  house,  with 
no  intention  of  ever  marrying,  she  asks  if  she  re- 
quires a  chaperon ;  if  it  is  necessary  that  she  should 
observe  the  severe  self-denial  of  not  entering  an  ar- 
tist's studio  without  a  guardian  angel ;  if  she  must 
never  allow  a  gentleman  to  pay  for  her  theatre  tick- 
ets ;  if  she  must,  in  short,  assume  a  matron's  place  in 
the  world,  and  never  enjoy  a  matron's  freedom. 

From  her  letter  we  can  but  believe  that  this  young 
lady  of  thirty-five  is  a  very  attractive  person,  and 
that  she  does  ^^not  look  her  age."  StiU,  as  she  is  at 
the  head  of  her  father's  house,  etiquette  does  yield  a 
point  and  allows  her  to  judge  for  herself  as  to  the 
proprieties  which  must  bend  to  her.  Of  course  with 
every  year  of  a  woman's  life  after  twenty -five  she 
becomes  less  and  less  the  subject  of  chaperonage. 
For  one  thing,  she  is  better  able  to  judge  of  the 
world  and  its  temptations;  in  the  second  place,  a 
certain  air  which  may  not  be  less  winning,  but  which 
is  certainly  more  mature,  has  replaced  the  wild  grace 
of  a  giddy  girlhood.    She  has,  with  the  assumption  of 


THE   AMERICAN  GIRL  IN   EUROPE.  203 

years,  taken  on  a  dignity  which,  in  its  way,  is  fully 
the  compensation  for  some  lost  bloom.  Many  people 
prefer  it. 

But  we  must  say  here  that  she  is  not  yet,  in  Euro- 
pean opinion,  emancipated  from  that  guardianship 
which  society  dispenses  with  for  the  youngest. widow. 
She  must  have  a  ^^ companion"  if  she  is  a  rich  woman; 
and  if  she  is  a  poor  one  she  must  join  some  party  of 
friends  when  she  travels.  She  can  travel  abroad  with 
her  maid,  but  in  Paris  and  other  Continental  cities  a 
woman  still  young-looking  had  better  not  do  this. 
She  is  not  safe  from  insult  nor  from  injurious  suspi- 
cion if  she  signs  herself  "  Miss "  Smith,  and  is  with- 
out her  mother,  an  elderly  friend,  a  companion,  or 
party. 

In  America  a  woman  can  go  anywhere  and  do  al- 
most anything  without  fear  of  insult.  But  in  Europe, 
where  the  custom  of  chaperonage  is  so  universal,  she 
must  be  more  circumspect. 

As  to  visiting  an  artist's  studio  alone,  there  is  in 
art  itself  an  ennobling  and  purifying  influence  which 
should  be  a  protection.  But  we  must  not  forget  that 
saucy  book  by  Maurice  Sand,  in  which  its  author  says 
that  the  first  thing  he  observed  in  America  was  that 
women  (even  respectable  ones)  went  alone  to  artists' 
studios.  It  would  seem  wiser,  therefore,  that  a  lady, 
though  thirty-five,  should  be  attended  in  her  visits  to 
studios  by  a  friend  or  companion.  This  simple  ex- 
pedient "  silences  envious  tongues,"  and  avoids  even 
the  remotest  appearance  of  evil. 

In  the  matter  of  paying  for  tickets,  if  a  lady  of 
thirty-five  wishes  to  allow  a  gentleman  to  pay  for  her 


204  MANNEBS  AND  SOCIAL  IJSAGBS. 

admission  to  picture-galleries  and  theatres  she  has  an 
indisputable  right  to  do  so.  But  we  are  not  fighting 
for  a  right,  only  defining  a  law  of  etiquette,  when  we 
say  that  it  is  not  generally  allowed  in  the  best  so- 
ciety, abroad  or  here.  In  the  case  of  young  girls  it  is 
quite  unallowable,  but  in  the  case  of  a  lady  of  thirty- 
five  it  may  be  permitted  as  a  sort  of  camaraderie^  as 
one  college  friend  may  pay  for  another.  The  point 
is,  however,  a  delicate  one.  Men,  in  the  freedom  of 
their  clubs,  recount  to  each  other  the  clever  expedi- 
ents which  many  women  of  society  use  to  extort  from 
them  boxes  for  the  opera  and  suppers  at  Delmonico's. 
A  woman  should  remember  that  it  may  sometimes  be 
very  inconvenient  to  young  men  who  are  invited  by 
her  to  go  to  concerts  and  theatres  to  pay  for  these 
pleasures.  Many  a  poor  fellow  who  has  become  a  de- 
faulter has  to  thank  for  it  the  lady  who  first  asked 
him  to  take  her  to  Delmonico's  to  supper.  He  was 
ashamed  to  tell  her  that  he  was  poor,  and  he  stole  that 
he  might  not  seem  a  churl. 

Another  phase  of  the  subject  is  that  a  lady  in  per- 
mitting a  gentleman  to  expend  money  for  her  pleas- 
ures assumes  an  obligation  to  him  which  time  and 
chance  may  render  oppressive. 

With  an  old  friend,  however,  one  whose  claim 
to  friendship  is  well  established,  the  conditions  are 
changed.  In  his  case  there  can  be  no  question  of 
obligation,  and  a  woman  may  accept  unhesitatingly 
any  of  those  small  attentions  and  kindnesses  which 
friendly  feeling  may  prompt  him  to  oflPer  to  her. 

Travelling  alone  with  a  gentleman  escort  was  at 

one  time  allowed  in  the  West.     A  Kentucky  woman 
15 


APPEARANCES  THAT  MAY  BE  MISUNDBBSTOOD.      205 

of  that  historic  period,  "  before  the  war,"  would  not 
have  questioned  the  propriety  of  it,  and  a  Western 
man  of  to-day  still  has  the  desire  to  pay  everything, 
everywhere,  "  for  a  lady." 

The  increase  in  the  population  of  the  Western  Statef 
and  the  growth  of  a  wealthy  and  fashionable  society 
in  the  large  towns  have  greatly  modified  this  spirit 
of  unwise  chivalry,  and  such  customs  are  passing  away 
even  on  the  frontier.  Mr.  Howells's  novel,  "  The  Lady 
of  the  Aroostook,"  has  acquainted  American  readers 
with  the  unkind  criticism  to  which  a  young  lady  who 
travels  in  Europe  without  a  chaperon  is  subjected,  and 
we  believe  that  there  are  few  mammas  who  would 
desire  to  see  their  daughters  in  the  position  of  Miss 
Lydia  Blood. 

"An  old  maid,"  as  our  correspondent  playfully 
calls  herself,  may  do  almost  anything  without  viola- 
ting etiquette,  if  she  consents  to  become  a  chaperon, 
and  takes  with  her  a  younger  person.  Thus  an  aunt 
and  niece  can  travel  far  and  wide ;  the  position  of  an 
elder  sister  is  always  dignified;  the  youthful  head  of 
a  house  has  a  right  to  assert  herself — she  must  do  it 
— ^therefore  etiquette  bows  to  her  (as  "  nice  customs 
courtesy  to  great  kings").  There  is  very  much  in  the 
appearance  of  a  woman.  It  is  a  part  of  the  injustice 
of  nature  that  some  people  look  coquettish  who  are  not 
so.  Bad  taste  in  dress,  a  high  color,  a  natural  flow  of 
spirits,  or  a  loud  laugh  have  often  caused  a  very  good 
woman  to  be  misinterpreted.  Such  a  woman  should 
be  able  to  sit  in  judgment  upon  herself ;  and  remem- 
bering that  in  a  great  city,  at  a  crowded  theatre,  or 
at  a  watering-place,  judgments  must  be  hasty  and  su- 


206  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

perficial,  she  should  tone  down  her  natural  exuber« 
ance,  and  take  with  her  a  female  companion  who  i6 
of  a  different  type  from  herself.  Calm  and  cold 
Puritanical  people  may  not  be  more  respectable  than 
the  fresh-colored  and  laughing  '^old  maids"  of  thir- 
ty-five, but  they  look  more  so,  and  in  this  world 
women  must  consult  appearances.  An  elderly  girl 
must  even  think  how  she  looks.  A  woman  who  at  a 
watering-place  dresses  conspicuously,  wears  2^  peignoir 
at  breakfast,  dyes  her  hair,  or  looks  as  if  she  did,  ties 
a  white  blond  veil  over  her  locks,  and  sits  on  a  hotel 
piazza,  showing  her  feet,  may  be  the  best,  the  most 
prudent  woman  in  the  house,  bat  a  saperficial  ob- 
server will  not  think  so.  In  the  mind  of  every  pass- 
er-by will  lurk  the  feeling  that  she  lacks  the  first 
grace  of  womanhood,  modesty — and  in  the  criticism 
of  a  crowd  there  is  strength.  A  man  passing  such 
a  person,  and  contrasting  her  with  modestly  dressed 
and  unobtrusive  ladies,  would  naturally  form  an  un- 
favorable opinion  of  her;  and  were  she  alone,  and 
her  name  entered  on  the  books  of  the  house  as  '^Miss" 
Smith,  he  would  not  be  too  severe  if  he  thought  her 
decidedly  eccentric,  and  certainly  "bad  style."  If, 
however,  "Miss"  Smith  were  very  plain  and  quiet, 
and  dressed  simply  and  in  good  taste,  or  if  she  sat  on 
the  sands  looking  at  the  sea,  or  attended  an  invalid 
or  a  younger  friend,  then  Miss  Smith  might  be  as  in- 
dependent as  she  pleased:  she  would  suffer  from  no 
injurious  comments.  Even  the  foreigner,  who  does 
not  believe  in  the  eccentricities  of  the  English  mees, 
would  have  no  word  to  say  against  her.  A  good-look" 
ing  elderly  girl  might  say,  "There  is,  then,  a  premium 


FBBBDOM  IN   ADVANCING  YEABS.  20? 

on  Ugliness;"  but  that  we  do  not  mean.  Handsome 
women  can  conduct  themselves  so  well  that  the  breath 
of  reproach  need  not  and  does  not  touch  them,  and 
ugly  women  may  and  do  sometimes  gain  an  unde- 
served reproach. 

There  are  some  people  who  are  bom  with  what 
we  call,  for  want  of  a  better  name,  a  pinchbeck  air. 
Their  jewellery  never  looks  like  real  gold ;  their  man  • 
ner  is  always  bad ;  they  have  the  faux  air  of  fashion, 
not  the  real  one.  Such  people,  especially  if  single, 
receive  many  a  snub  which  they  do  not  deserve,  and 
to  a  woman  of  this  style  a  companion  is  almost  nec- 
essary. Fortunately  there  are  almost  always  Udo 
women  who  can  join  forces  in  travelling  or  in  liv- 
ing together,  and  the  independence  of  such  a  couple  is 
delightful.  We  have  repeated  testimony  in  English 
literature  of  the  pleasant  lives  of  the  Ladies  of  Llan- 
gollen, of  the  lives  of  Miss  Jewsbury  and  Lady  Mor- 
gan, and  of  the  model  sisters  Berry.  In  our  own 
country  we  have  almost  abolished  the  idea  that  a  com- 
panion is  necessary  for  women  of  talent  who  are  phy- 
sicians or  artists  or  musicians  ;  but  to  those  who  are 
still  in  the  trammels  of  private  life  we  can  say  that 
the  presence  of  a  companion  need  not  destroy  their 
liberty,  and  it  may  add  very  much  to  their  respecta- 
bility and  happiness.  There  is,  no  doubt,  a  great 
pleasure  in  the  added  freedom  of  life  which  comes 
to  an  elderly  girl.  "  I  can  wear  a  velvet  dress  now," 
said  an  exceedingly  handsome  woman  on  her  thir- 
tieth birthday.  In  England  an  unmarried  woman  of 
fifty  is  called  "JMr«.,"  if  she  prefers  that  title.  So 
many  delightful  wo/nen  are  late  in  loving,  so  many 


208  MANNBBS  AND  SOCIAL  IJSAGSS. 


• 


are  true  to  some  bnried  love,  so  many  are  "  elderly 
girls ''  from  choice,  and  from  no  neglect  of  the  strong- 
er seXy  that  to  them  should  be  accorded  all  the  respect 
which  is  supposed  to  accrue  naturally  to  the  married. 
"It  takes  a  very  superior  woman  to  be  an^oidmai^*'* 
said  Miss  Sedgwick. 

One  need  not  to  be  like  the  two  ^^  Ladies  oFXlanyal- 
len/'  and  dress  as  men,  to  be  allowed  to  go  off  and  ttta 
together,  pleasantly  like  sisters,  in  the  Umted  Statei. 
Many  of  our  "girl  bachelors"  live  together,  and  are 
very  happy,  useful  women. 

If  they  add  in  the  smoothing  influence  of  work  an 
elderly  young  lady,  or  even  a  young  one,  may  become 
a  bachelor-maid  with  no  danger  of  scandalous  tongues, 
particularly  if  she  looks  like  one,  instead  of  like  a 
coquette.  It  is  a  delicate  subject,  and  requires  good 
sense  to  cope  with. 


CHAPTER  XXVL 

MATINEES    AND    SOIBBBS. 

A  matinSe  in  America  means  an  afternoon  per- 
formance at  the  theatre  of  a  play  or  opera.  In 
Europe  it  has  a  wider  significance,  any  social  gather- 
ing before  dinner  in  France  being  called  a  matin&e, 
as  any  party  after  dinner  is  called  a  soirie. 

The  improper  application  of  another  foreign  word 
was  strikingly  manifested  in  the  old  fashion  of  calling 
the  President's  evening  receptions  levees.  The  term 
"  levee,"  as  originally  used,  meant  literally  a  king's 
getting  up.  When  he  arose,  and  while  he  was  dress- 
ing, such  of  his  courtiers  as  were  privileged  to  ap- 
proach him  at  this  hour  gathered  in  an  anteroom — 
waiting  to  assist  at  his  toilet,  to  wish  him  good- 
morning,  or  perhaps  prefer  a  request.  In  time  this 
morning  gathering  grew  to  be  an  important  court 
ceremonial,  and  some  one  ignorant  of  the  meaning  of 
the  word  named  President  Jackson's  evening  recep- 
tions "the  President's  levees."  So  with  the  word 
matin&e.  First  used  to  indicate  a  day  reception  at 
court,  it  has  now  grown  to  mean  a  day  performance 
at  a  theatre.  Sometimes  a  lady,  bolder  than  her 
neighbors,  issues  an  invitation  for  "a  matinie  dcm- 
santey^  or  " a  mating  mimcdle^^^  but  this  descriptive 
style  is  not  common. 


210  MANNSBS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

There  are  many  advantages  in  a  morning  party.  It 
affords  to  ladies  who  do  not  go  to  evening  receptions 
the  pleasure  of  meeting  informally,  and  is  also  a 
well-chosen  occasion  for  introducing  a  new  pianist 
or  singer. 

For  a  busy  woman  of  fashion  nothing  can  be  more 
conveniently  timed  than  a  matinee^  which  begins  at 
two  and  ends  at  four  or  half  past.  It  does  not  inter- 
fere with  a  five-o'f lock  tea  or  a  drive  in  the  park,  nor 
unfit  her  for  a  dinner  or  an  evening  entertainment. 
Two  o'clock  is  also  a  very  good  hour  for  a  large 
and  informal  general  lunch,  if  a  lady  wishes  to  avoid 
the  expense,  formality,  and  trouble  of  a  "  sit-down " 
lunch. 

While  the  busy  ladies  can  go  to  a  mating,  the 
busy  gentleman  cannot;  and  as  men  of  leisure  in 
America  are  few,  a  morning  entertainment  at  a  thea- 
tre or  in  society  is  almost  always  an  assemblage  of 
women.  To  avoid  this  inequality  of  sex,  many  ladies 
have  their  matinees  on  some  one  of  the  national  holi- 
days— Washington's  Birthday,  Thanksgiving,  or  Dec- 
oration-day. On  these  occasions  a  mating,  even  in 
busy  New  York,  is  well  attended  by  gentlemen. 

When,  as  sometimes  happens,  a  prince,  a  duke,  an 
archbishop,  an  author  of  celebrity,  a  Tom  Hughes,  a 
Lord  Houghton,  a  Dean  Stanley,  or  some  descendant 
of  our  French  allies  at  Yorktown,  comes  on  a  visit 
to  our  country,  one  of  the  most  satisfactory  forms  of 
entertainment  that  we  can  offer  to  him  is  a  morning 
reception.  At  an  informal  matinke  we  may  bring  to 
meet  him  such  authors,  artists,  clergymen,  lawyers, 
editors,  statesmen,  rich  and  public -spirited  citizens^ 


THE   PBIMABY  BUSIKKSS   OF  80CIBTT.  211 

and  beautiful  and  cultivated  women  of  society,  as  we 
may  be  fortunate  enough  to  know. 

The  primary  business  of  society  is  to  bring  together 
the  various  elements  of  which  it  is  made  up  —  its 
strongest  motive  should  be  to  lighten  up  the  momen- 
tous business  of  life  by  an  easy  and  friendly  inter- 
course and  interchange  of  ideas. 

But  if  we  hope  to  bring  about  us  men  of  mind  and 
distinction,  our  object  must  be  not  only  to  be  amused 
but  to  amuse. 

To  persuade  those  elderly  men  who  are  maintaining 
the  great  American  name  at  its  present  high  place  in 
the  Pantheon  of  nations  to  spend  a  couple  of  hours 
at  a  matinie,  we  must  offer  some  tempting  bait  as  an 
equivalent.  A  lady  who  entertained  Dean  Stanley 
said  that  she  particularly  enjoyed  her  own  mcUinie 
given  for  him,  because  through  his  name  she  for  the 
first  time  induced  the  distinguished  clergy  of  New 
York  to  come  to  her  house. 

Such  men  are  not  tempted  by  the  frivolities  of  a 
fashionable  social  life  that  lives  by  its  vanity,  its 
excitement,  its  rivalry  and  flirtation.  Not  that  all 
fashionable  society  is  open  to  such  reproach,  but  its 
tendency  is  to  lightness  and  emptiness ;  and  we  rare- 
ly find  really  valuable  men  who  seek  it.  Therefore 
a  lady  who  would  make  her  house  attractive  to  the 
best  society  must  offer  it  something  higher  than 
that  to  which  we  may  give  the  generic  title  fashion. 
Dress,  music,  dancing,  supper,  are  delightful  acces- 
saries— they  are  ornaments  and  stimulants,  not  req- 
uisites. For  a  good  society  we  need  men  and  wom- 
en who  are  "  good  company,"  as  they  say  in  England 
1« 


212  M^NNBBS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

— ^men  and  women  who  can  talk.  Nor  is  the  advan- 
tage all  on  one  side.  The  free  play  of  brain,  taste, 
and  feeling  is  almost  important  refreshment  to  a 
man  who  works  hard,  whether  in  the  pulpit  or  in 
Wall  Street,  in  the  editorial  chair  or  at  the  dull 
grind  of  authorship.  The  painter  should  wash  his 
brushes  and  strive  for  some  intercourse  of  abiding 
value  with  those  whose  lives  differ  from  his  own. 
The  woman  who  works  should  also  look  upon  the 
divertissements  of  society  as  needed  recreation,  fruit- 
ful, may  be,  of  the  best  culture. 

On  the  other  hand,  no  society  is  perfect  without  the 
elements  of  beauty,  grace,  taste,  refinement,  and  lux- 
ury. We  must  bring  all  these  varied  potentialities 
together  if  we  would  have  a  real  and  living  social 
life.  For  that  brilliant  thing  that  we  call  society  is 
a  finely-woven  fabric  of  threads  of  different  sizes  and 
colors  of  contrasting  shades.  It  is  not  intrigue,  or 
the  display  of  wealth,  or  morbid  excitement  that 
must  bind  together  this  social  fabric,  but  sympathy, 
that  pleasant  thing  which  refines  and  refreshes,  and 
"knits  up  the  raveUed  sleeve  of  care,"  and  leaves 
us  strong  for  the  battle  of  life. 

And  in  no  modem  form  of  entertainment  can  we 
better  produce  this  finer  atmosphere,  this  desirable 
sympathy  between  the  world  of  fashion  and  that  oi 
thought,  than  by  matinieSy  when  given  under  fa- 
vorable circumstances.  To  be  sure,  if  we  gave  one 
every  day  it  would  be  necessary,  as  we  have  said,  to 
dispense  with  a  large  number  of  gentlemen;  but  the 
occasional  matinee  is  apt  to  catch  some  very  good 
specimens  of  the  genus  homo,  and  sometimes  the  best 


A   SUBTLE    QUESTION.  213 

specimens.  It  is  proper  to  offer  a  very  substantial 
buffety  as  people  rarely  lunch  before  two  o'clock,  and 
will  be  glad  of  a  bit  of  bird,  a  cup  of  bouillon,  or  a 
leaf  of  salad.  It  is  much  better  to  offer  such  an  en- 
tertainment earlier  than  the  five-o'clock  tea,  at  which 
hour  people  are  saving  their  appetites  for  dinner. 

A  soirie  is  a  far  more  difficult  affair,  and  calls  for 
more  subtle  treatment.  It  should  be,  not  a  ball,'  but 
what  was  formerly  called  an  "evening  party."  It 
need  not  exclude  dancing,  but  dancing  is  not  its  ex- 
cuse for  being.  It  means  a  very  bright  conversazioney 
or  a  reading,  or  a  musicale,  with  pretty  evening  dress 
(not  necessarily  ball  dress),  a  supper,  and  early  hours. 
Such,  at  least,  was  its  early  significance  abroad. 

It  has  this  advantage  in  New  York,  that  it  does 
attract  gentlemen.  They  like  very  much  the  easy-go* 
ing,  early-houred  club  evening  party.  We  mean,  of 
course,  those  gentlemen  who  no  longer  care  for  balls,  and 
if  aristocracy  is  to  be  desired,  "the  rule  of  the  best,"  at 
American  entertainments,  all  aspirants  for  social  dis- 
tinction should  try  to  propitiate  those  men  who  are 
being  driven  from  the  ballroom  by  the  insolence  and 
pretension  of  the  lower  elements  of  fashionable  society. 
In  Europe,  the  very  qualities  which  make  a  man  great 
in  the  senate,  the  field,  or  the  chamber  of  commerce, 
give  him  a  corresponding  eminence  in  the  social  world. 
Many  a  gray-mustached  veteran  in  Paris  leads  theger- 
raan.  A  senator  of  France  aspires  to  appear  well  in 
the  boudoir.  With  these  men  social  dexterity  is  a 
requisite  to  success,  and  is  cultivated  as  a  duty.  But 
not  so  in  this  country.  Our  busy  men  have  yet  to  find 
the  ideal  hostess  who  will  call  together  the  social  ele- 


214  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL    IJSAGBS. 

ment  which  they  like.  We  have  plenty  of  hostess- 
es who  can  give  great  balls,  dazzle  the  eye,  and  de- 
light the  senses,  drown  us  in  a  sensuous  luxury ;  but 
how  few  there  are  who,  in  a  back  street  and  in  a 
humble  house,  light  that  lamp  by  which  the  Misses 
Berry  summoned  to  their  little  parlor  the  cleverest 
and  best  people ! 

The  elegant,  the  unpretentious,  the  quiet  soir^  to 
which  the  woman  of  fashion  shall  welcome  the  littbra- 
teur  and  the  artist,  the  aristocrat  who  is  at  the  top 
of  the  social  tree  and  the  millionaire  who  reached  his 
culmination  yesterday,  would  seem  to  be  that  TJUima 
Thvle  for  which  all  people  have  been  sighing  ever 
since  society  was  first  thought  of.  There  are  some 
Americans  who  are  so  foolish  as  to  affect  the  pride 
of  the  hereditary  aristocracies,  and  who  have  some 
fancied  traditional  standard  by  which  they  think  to 
keep  their  blue  blood  pure.  A  good  old  grandfather 
who  had  talent,  or  patriotism,  or  broad  views  of  states- 
manship, "  who  did  the  state  some  service,"  is  a  rela- 
tion to  be  proud  of,  but  his  descendants  should  take 
care  to  show,  by  some  more  personal  excellence  than 
that  of  a  social  exclusiveness,  their  appreciation  of  his 
honesty  and  ability.  What  our  grandfathers  were,  a 
thousand  new-comers  now  are.  They  made  their  way 
—  the  early  American  men  —  untrammelled  by  class 
restraints ;  they  arrived  at  wealth  and  distinction  and 
social  eminence  by  their  own  merits ;  they  toiled  for 
the  money  which  buys  for  their  grandsons  purple  and 
fine  linen.  And  could  they  see  the  pure  and  perfect 
snob  who  now  sometimes  bears  the  name  which  they 
left  so  unsullied,  they  would   be    exasperated    and 


NBCSSSABY   KXCLUSIVBNKSS    OP   SOCIETY,         216 

ashamed.  Of  course,  a  certain  exclusiveness  must 
mark  all  our  mating  and  aoiries;  they  would  fail  of 
the  chief  element  of  diversion  if  we  invited  every- 
body. Let  us,  therefore,  make  sure  of  the  aesthetic 
and  intellectual,  the  sympathetic  and  the  genial,  and 
sift  out  the  pretentious  and  the  impure.  The  rogues, 
the  pretenders,  the  adventurers  who  push  into  the 
penetralia  of  our  social  circles  are  many,  and  it  is  to  . 
the  exclusion  of  such  that  a  hostess  should  devote 
herself. 

It  is  said  that  all  women  are  bom  aristocrats,  and 
it  is  sometimes  said  in  the  same  tone  with  which 
the  speaker  afterwards  adds  that  all  women  are  born 
fools.  A  woman,  from  her  finer  sense,  enjoys  luxury, 
fine  clothing,  gorgeous  houses,  and  all  the  refinements 
that  money  can  buy;  but  even  the  most  idle  and  lux- 
urious and  foolish  woman  desires  that  higher  luxury 
which  art  and  intelligence  and  delicate  appreciation 
can  alone  bring;  the  two  are  necessary  to  each  other. 
To  a  hostess  the  difficulty  of  entertaining  in  such  a 
manner  as  to  unite  in  a  perfect  whole  the  financiers, 
the  philosophers,  the  cultivated  foreigners,  the  people 
of  fashion,  the  sympathetic  and  the  artistic  is  very 
great ;  but  a  hostess  may  bring  about  the  most  ge- 
nial democracy  at  the  modem  matinee  or  soir^  if  she 
manages  properly. 

What  we  once  called  a  aoirie  has  become  nowadays 
the  meeting  of  a  club.  Thus  we  have  the  Thursday 
Evening  Club,  the  College  Woman's  Club,  the  Musical 
Club,  the  Whist  Club, and  the  Talking  Club.  It  is  real- 
ly the  same  rather  festive  evening  party,  particularly 
the  Drawing  Room  Club.    At  these,  evening  dress  is 


216  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

de  rigueur.  The  entertainment  often  occurs  at  some 
public  place,  like  Sherry's  or  Delmonico's.  The  ad-' 
vantage  of  both  the  tea  and  the  matinee  is  that  our 
busy  men  can  attend  them,  and  the  early  hour  and 
simple  supper  should  be  obligatory. 


CHAPTER  XXVIL 

AFTERNOON   TEA. 

In  the  middle  of  the  sixteenth  century,  with  pasties 
and  ale  for  breakfast,  with  sugared  cakes  and  spiced 
wines  at  various  hours  of  the  day,  with  solid  ^^  noon- 
ings," and  suppers  with  strong  potations  of  sack  and 
such  possets  as  were  ordinary  refreshments,  it  is  not 
probable  that  tea  would  have  been  appreciated.  The 
Dutch  were  crafty,  however ;  they  saw  there  was  a 
common  need  of  a  hot,  stimulating  beverage  which 
had  no  intoxicating  effects.  They  exported  sage, 
enough  to  pay  for  the  tea,  and  got  the  better  of  even 
the  wily  Chinaman,  who  avowed  some  time  after,  in 
their  trade  with  America,  "That  spent  tea-leaves,  dried 
again,  were  good  enough  f  or.second-chop  Englishmen," 
as  they  called  us. 

Jonas  Haunay  wrote  a  treatise  against  tea-drinking 
in  Johnson's  time,  and  that  vast,  insatiable,  and  shame- 
less tea-drinker  took  up  the  cudgels  for  tea,  settling  it 
as  a  brain-inspirer  for  all  time,  and  wrote  Rasaelas  on 
the  strength  of  it.  Cobbett  wrote  against  its  use 
by  the  laboring  classes,  and  the  Edinburgh  Itevieto 
endorsed  his  arguments,  stating  that  a  "  prohibition 
absolute  and  uncompromising  of  the  noxious  beverage 
was  the  first  step  towards  insuring  health  and  strength 


218  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

for  the  poor/'  and  asserting  that  when  a  laborer  fan- 
cied himself  refreshed  with  a  mess  of  this  stuff,  sweet- 
ened with  the  coarsest  brown  sugar  and  diluted  by 
azure-blue  milk,  it  was  only  the  warmth  of  the  water 
which  consoled  him  for  the  moment.  Cobbett  claim- 
ed that  the  tea-table  cost  more  to  support  than  would 
keep  two  children  at  nurse. 

The  Quarterly  RevieWy  in  an  article  written  perhaps 
by  the  most  famous  chemist  of  the  day,  said,  how- 
ever, that  "  tea  relieves  the.  pains  of  hunger  rather  by 
mechanical  distention  than  by  supplying  the  waste  of 
nature  by  adequate  sustenance,"  but  claimed  for  it  the 
power  of  calm,  placid,  and  benignant  exhilaration, 
greatly  stimulating  the  stomach  when  fatigued  by  di- 
gestive exertion,  and  acting  as  an  appropriate  diluent 
of  the  chyle.  More  recent  inquiries  into  the  qualities 
of  the  peculiar  power  of  tea  have  tended  to  raise  it  in 
popular  esteem,  although  no  one  has  satisfactorily  ex- 
plained WHY  it  has  become  so  universally  necessary  to 
the  human  race. 

An  agreeable  little  book  called  The  Beverages  We 
Indulge  In^  The  Herbs  Which  We  Infuse^  or  some 
such  title,  had  a  great  deal  to  do  with  the  adoption 
of  tea  as  a  drink  for  young  men  who  were  training 
for  a  boat-race,  or  who  desired  to  economize  their 
strength  for  a  mountain  climb.  But  every  one,  from 
the  tired  washer-woman  to  the  student,  the  wrestler, 
the  fine  lady,  and  the  strong  man,  demands  a  cup  of 
tea. 

To  the  invalid  it  is  the  dearest  solace,  dangerous 
though  it  may  be.  Tannin,  the  astringent  element  in 
tea,  is  bad  for  delicate  stomachs  and  seems  to  ruin  ap- 


THB    DIFFERENT  KINDS   OF   TEA.  219 

petite.  Tea,  therefore,  should  never  be  allowed  to 
stand.  Hot  water  poured  on  the  leaves  and  poured 
off  into  a  cup  can  hardly  afford  the  tannin  time  to  get 
out.  Some  tea-drinkers  even  put  the  grounds  in  a 
silver  ball,  perforated,  and  swing  this  through  a  cup 
of  boiling  water,  and  in  this  way  is  produced  the  most 
delicate  cup  of  tea. 

The  famous  Chinese  lyric  which  is  painted  on  al- 
most all  the  teapots  of  the  Empire  is  highly  poetical. 
"  On  a  slow  fire  set  a  tripod ;  fill  it  with  clear  rain- 
water. Boil  it  as  long  as  it  would  be  needed  to  turn 
fish  white  and  lobsters  red.  Throw  this  upon  the  del- 
icate leaves  of  choice  tea;  let  it  remain  as  long  as 
the  vapor  rises  in  a  cloud.  At  your  ease  drink  the 
pure  liquor,  which  will  chase  away  the  five  causes  of 
trouble." 

The  "  tea  of  the  cells  of  the  Dragons,"  the  purest 
Pekoe  from  the  leaf -buds  of  three-year-old  plants,  no 
one  ever  sees  in  Europe ;  but  we  have  secured  many 
brands  of  tea  which  are  sufficiently  good  ;  and  the 
famous  Indian  tea  brought  in  by  the  great  Exposition 
in  Paris,  in  1889,  is  fast  gaining  an  enviable  reputa- 
tion. It  has  a  perfect  bouquet  and  flavor.  Green  tea, 
beloved  by  our  grandmothers,  and  still  a  favorite  with 
some  connoisseurs,  has  proved  to  have  so  much  theine, 
the  element  of  intoxication  in  tea,  that  it  is  forbidden 
to  nervous  people.  Tea  saves  food  by  its  action  in 
preventing  various  wastes  to  the  system.  It  is  thus 
peculiarly  acceptable  to  elderly  persons,  and  to  the 
tired  laboring-woman.  Doubtless  Mrs.  Gamp's  famous 
teapot,  with  which  she  entertained  Betsy  Prig,  con- 
tained green  tea. 


220  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

There  is  an  unusually  large  amount  of  nitrogen  in 
theine,  and  green  tea  possesses  so  large  a  proportion 
of  it  as  to  be  positively  dangerous.  In  the  process  of 
drying  and  roasting,  this  volatile  oil  is  engendered. 
The  Chinese  dare  not  use  it  for  a  year  after  the  leaf 
has  been  prepared,  and  the  packer  and  unpacker  of 
the  tea  suffer  much  from  paralysis.  The  tasters  of  tea 
become  frequently  great  invalids,  unable  to  eat ;  there- 
fore our  favorite  herb  has  it  dangers. 

More  consoling  is  the  legend  of  the  origin  of  the 
plant.  A  drowsy  hermit,  after  long-  wrestling  with 
sleep,  cut  off  his  eyelids  and  cast  them  on  the  ground. 
From  them  sprang  a  shrub  whose  leaves,  shaped  like 
eyelids  and  bordered  with  a  fringe  of  lashes,  possessed 
the  power  of  warding  off  sleep.  This  was  in  the  third 
century,  and  the  plant  was*tea. 

But  what  has  all  this  to  do  with  the  pleasant  visage 
of  a  steaming  kettle  boiling  over  a  blazing  alcohol 
lamp,  the  silver  tea-caddy,  the  padded  cosey  to  keep  the 
teapot  warm,  the  basket  of  cake,  the  thin  bread-and- 
butter,  the  pretty  girl  presiding  over  the  cups,  the  deli- 
cate china,  the  more  delicate  infusion?  All  these  ele- 
ments  go  to  make  up  the  afternoon  tea.  From  one  or 
two  ladies  who  stayed  at  home  one  day  in  the  week 
and  offered  this  refreshment  to  the  many  who  came  to 
find  that  it  was  a  very  easy  method  of  entertaining, 
grew  the  present  party  in  the  daytime.  The  original 
five  o'clock  tea  arose  in  England  from  the  fact  that 
ladies  and  gentlemen  after  hunting  required  some 
slight  refreshment  before  dressing  for  dinner,  and 
liked  to  meet  for  a  little  chat.  It  now  is  used  as  the 
method  of  introducing  a  daughter,  and  is  an  ordinary 


THE   five-o'clock  TEA.  221 

way  of  entertainiDg.  This  is,  however,  abusing  the 
original  intent. 

The  primal  idea  was  a  good  one.  People  who  had 
not  much  money  for  entertaining  were  enabled  to  show 

4 

their  more  opulent  neighbors  that  they,  too,  had  the 
spirit  of  hospitality.  The  doctors  discovered  that  tea 
was  healthy.  English  breakfast-tea  would  keep  no- 
body awake.  The  cup  of  tea  and  the  sandwich  at  five 
would  spoil  nobody's  dinner.  The  ladies  who  began 
these  entertainments,  receiving  modestly  in  plain 
dresses,  were  not  out  of  tone  with  their  guests  who 
came  in  walking-dress. 

But  then  the  other  side  was  this :  ladies  bad  to  go 
to  nine  teas  of  an  afternoon,  perhaps  taste  something 
everywhere.  Hence  the  new  disease,  delirium  teamens. 
It  was  uncomfortable  to  assist  at  a  large  party  in  a 
heavy  winter  garment  of  velvet  and  fur.  The  after- 
noon tea  lost  its  primitive  character  and  became  an 
evening  party  in  the  daytime,  with  the  hostess  and  her 
daughters  in  full  dress,  and  her  guests  in  walking-cos- 
tume.    This  was  the  abuse  of  a  good  thing. 

The  sipping  of  too  much  tea  produces  the  nervous 
prostration,  the  sleeplessness,  the  nameless  misery  of 
our  overwrought  women  ;  and  thus  a  healthful,  inex- 
pensive, and  most  agreeable  adjunct  to  the  art  of  en- 
tertaining grew  into  a  thing  without  a  name,  and  be- 
came the  large,  brilliantly  lighted  ball  at  five  o'clock, 
where  half  the  ladies  were  in  d^olletS  dresses,  the 
others  in  fur  tippets.  It  was  pronounced  a  breeder 
of  influenzas,  and  the  high-road  to  a  headache. 

If  a  lady  can  be  at  home  every  Thursday  during 
the  season,  and  always  at  her  position  behind  the 


V 


«*Vi 


^K*aa»  ^ta.  wnuo.  i^^^. 


*'«««¥  un..  «c  wii;  i«,^  ^  ^-:™»  ,,    ,_ 


-iw^— fc, 


ijM, ,  ^,^,.  ,  ^  "Witt. !«».  J  ur  tnuia.  »^mJ 

"""*    ^vVJi    ^fc»?l_     «rfAx»>*       ■     .1  ^-  

M»f  of  lU  xw  .^0  cL'...v.-^™'  r*"  -*  «** 

to  .»  lurwB  ;  far  i,:r^,.,  5.     "  ^  *  ?-'*' 
ti*!"  fa-  drew  \^,^  ^,_^     ^-'^  -  ;«J«  »? 

»  *-H»  cap  M>d  •j.rc«--«i-- ,  /""^  ^-*'"*^  r>*».  with 
before  lie  'ol/jt  r.f  . v.  ^       ""    * "***  *  sax!:  1»»  »_ui_ 


^  «**  fie  ^ou:d  be  »«d^.   ^-^OQtofsigfct, 

•>»»  m^  for  nut. 


W'*  AN   AFTEIIHOON 


222  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

blazing  urn,  and  will  have  the  firmness  to  continue 
this  practice,  she  may  create  a  salon  out  of  her  tea- 
cups. 

In  giving  a  large  afternoon  tea,  for  which  cards  have 
been  sent  out,  the  hostess  should  stand  by  the  draw- 
ing-room door  and  greet  each  guest,  who,  after  a  few 
words,  passes  on.  In  the  adjoining  room,  usually  the 
dining-room,  a  large  table  is  spread  with  a  white  cloth, 
and  at  one  end  is  a  tea-service  with  a  kettle  of  water 
boiling  over  an  alcohol  lamp,  while  at  the  other  end  is 
a  service  for  chocolate.  There  should  be  flowers  on 
the  table,  and  dishes  containing  bread  and  butter  cut 
as  thin  as  a  shaving.  Cake  and  strawberries  are  al- 
ways permissible.  One  or  two  servants  should  be  in 
attendance  to  carry  away  soiled  cups  and  saucers,  and 
to  keep  the  table  looking  fresh ;  but  for  the  pour- 
ing of  the  tea  and  chocolate  there  should  always  be  a 
lady,  who,  like  the  hostess,  should  wear  a  gown  closed 
to  the  throat ;  for  nothing  is  worse  form  nowadays 
than  full  dress  before  dinner.  The  ladies  of  the  house 
should  not  wear  bonnets. 

When  tea  is  served  every  afternoon  at  five  o'clock, 
whether  or  no  there  are  visitors,  as  is  often  the  case 
in  many  houses,  the  servant— who,  if  a  woman,  should 
always  in  the  afternoon  wear  a  plain  black  gown',  with 
a  white  cap  and  apron — should  place  a  small,  low  table 
before  the  lady  of  the  house,  and  lay  over  it  a  pretty, 
white  cloth.  She  should  then  bring  in  a  large  tray, 
upon  which  are  the  tea-service  and  a  plate  of  bread- 
and-butter,  or  cake,  or  both,  place  it  upon  the  table, 
and  retire — remaining  within  call,  though  out  of  sight, 
in  case  she  should  be  needed.    The  best  rule  for  mak- 


AN  AFTEriNOON  RECKPTroN  AND  "TEA" 


HOW   TO   MAKE   TEA.  223 

ing  tea  is  the  old-fashioned  one :  "  One  teaspoonf al  for 
each  person  and  one  for  the  pot."  The  pot  should 
first  be  rinsed  with  hot  water,  then  the  tea  put  in,  and 
upon  it  should  be  poured  enough  water,  actually 
boiling,  to  cover  the  leaves.  This  decoction  should 
stand  for  five  minutes ;  then  fill  up  the  pot  with  more 
boiling  water,  and  pour  it  immediately.  Some  persons 
prefer  lemon  in  their  tea  to  cream,  and  it  is  a  good 
plan  to  have  some  thin  slices,  cut  for  the  purpose, 
placed  in  a  pretty  little  dish  on  the  tray.  A  bowl  of 
cracked  ice  is  also  a  pleasant  addition  in  summer,  iced 
tea  being  a  most  refreshing  drink  in  hot  weather. 
Neither  plates  nor  napkins  need  appear  at  this  infor- 
mal and  cosey  meal.  A  guest  arriving  at  this  time  in 
the  afternoon  should  always  be  offered  a  cup  of  tea. 

Afternoon  tea,  in  small  cities  or  in  the  country,  in 
villages  and  academic  towns,  can  well  be  made  a  most 
agreeable  and  ideal  entertainment  for  the  ofScial  pres- 
entation of  a  daughter  or  for  the  means  of  seeing  one's 
friends.  In  the  busy  winter  season  of  a  large  city  it 
should  not  be  made  the  excuse  for  giving  up  the  even- 
ing party,  or  the  dinner,  lunch,  or  ball.  It  is  not  all 
these,  it  is  simply  itself,  and  it  should  be  a  refuge  for 
those  women  who  are  tired  of  balls,  of  over-dressing, 
dancing,  visiting,  and  shopping.  It  is  also  very  dear 
to  the  young,  who  find  the  convenient  tea-table  a  good 
arena  for  flirtation.  It  is  a  form  of  entertainment  which 
allows  one  to  dispense  with  etiquette  and  save  time. 

Five-o'clock  teas  should  be  true  to  their  name,  nor 
should  any  other  refreshment  be  offered  than  tea,  bread- 
and-butter,  and  little  cakes.  If  other  eatables  are  of- 
fered the  tea  becomes  a  reception. 


224  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

There  is  a  high  tea,  which  takes  the  place  of  dinner 
on  Sunday  evenings  in  cities,  which  is  a  very  pretty 
entertainment ;  in  small  rural  cities,  in  the  country,  it 
may  take  the  place  of  dinners.  These  high  teas  were 
formerly  very  fashionable  in  Philadelphia.  It  gave 
an  opportunity  to  offer  hot  rolls  and  butter,  escalloped 
oysters,  fried  chicken,  delicately  sliced  cold  ham, 
waffles  and  hot  cakes,  preserves — alas !  since  the  days 
of  canning  who  offers  the  delicious  preserves  of  the 
past?  The  hostess  sits  in  state  behind  her  silver  urn, 
and  pours  the  hot  tea  or  coffee  or  chocolate,  and 
presses  the  guest  to  take  another  waffle.  It  is  a  de- 
lightful meal,  and  has  no  prototype  in  any  country 
but  our  own. 

It  is  doubtful,  however,  whether  the  high  tea  will 
ever  be  popular  in  America — ^in  large  cities  at  least, 
where  the  custom  of  eight-o'clock  dinners  prevails. 
People  find  in  them  a  violent  change  of  living,  which 
is  always  a  challenge  to  indigestion.  Some  wit  has 
said  that  he  always  liked  to  eat  hot  mince-pie  just  be- 
fore he  went  to  bed,  for  then  he  always  knew  what 
hurt  him.  If  any  one  wishes  to  know  what  hurts  him, 
he  can  take  high  tea  on  Sunday  evening,  after  having 
dined  all  the  week  at  eight  o'clock.  A  pain  in  his 
chest  will  tell  him  that  the  hot  waffle,  the  cold  tongue, 
the  peach  preserve,  and  that  ^^  last  cup  of  tea  "  meant 
mischief. 

Oliver  Cromwell  is  said  to  have  been  an  early  tea- 
drinker;  so  is  Queen  Elizabeth — elaborate  old  teapots 
are  sold  in  London  with  the  cipher  of  both ;  but  the 
report  lacks  confirmation.  We  cannot  imagine  Oliver 
drinking  anything  but  verjuice,  nor  the  lion  woman 


THE    FAR-REACHING   INFLUENCES    OF   TEA.        226 

as  sipping  anything  less  strong  than  brown  stout. 
Literature  owes  much  to  tea.  From  Cowper  to  Austin 
Dobson,  the  poets  have  had  their  fling  at  it.  And 
what  could  the  modern  English  novelist  do  without  it? 
It  has  been  in  politics,  as  all  remember  who  have  seen 
Boston  Harbor,  and  it  goes  into  all  the  battles,  and 
climbs  Mont  Blanc  and  the  Matterhorn.  The  French, 
who  despised  it,  are  beginning  to  make  a  good  cup  of 
tea,  and  Russia  bathes  in  it.  The  samovar  cheers  the 
long  journeys  across  those  dreary  steppes,  and  forms 
again  the  most  luxurious  ornament  of  the  palace.  On 
all  the  high-roads  of  Europe  one  can  get  a  cup  of  tea, 
except  in  Spain.  There  it  is  next  to  impossible ;  the 
universal  chocolate  supersedes  it.  If  one  gets  a  cup 
of  tea  in  Spain,  there  is  no  cream  to  put  in  it ;  and  to 
many  tea-drinkers  tea  is  ruined  without  milk  or  cream; 
but  tea  is  far  better  without  either. 

In  fact,  the  poor  tea-drinker  is  hard  to  please  any- 
where. There  are  to  the  critic  only  one  or  two  houses 
of  one's  acquaintance  where  five-o'clock  tea  is  perfect. 

In  these  happy  homes  where  tea  is  perfectly  brewed 
at  five  o'clock,  or  where,  indeed,  it  is  always  on  tap, 

life  is  a  success. 
15 


CHAPTER  XXVIII. 

» 

CAUDLE  AND   CHRISTENING   CUPS   AND    CEBBMONIES. 

Wb  are  asked  by  many  young  mammas  as  to  the 
meaning  of  the  phrase  "  caudle  parties." 

Formerly  the  persons  who  called  to  congratulate 
the  happy  possessor  of  a  new  boy  or  girl  were  offered 
mulled  wine  and  plum-cake.  Some  early  chronicler 
thinks  that  the  two  got  mixed,  and  that  caudle  was 
the  result. 

Certain  it  is  that  a  most  delicious  beverage,  a  kind 
of  oatmeal  gruel,  boiled  "  two  days,"  with  raisins  and 
spices,  and  fine  old  Madeira  (some  say  rum)  added, 
makes  a  dish  fit  to  set  before  a  king,  and  is  offereH 
now  to  the  callers  by  a  young  mamma.  The  old 
English  custom  was  to  have  this  beverage  served 
three  days  after  the  arrival  of  the  little  stranger. 
The  caudle-cups,  preserved  in  many  an  old  family, 
are  now  eagerly  sought  after  as  curiosities ;  they  have 
two  handles,  so  they  could  be  passed  from  one  to 
another.  They  were  handed  down  as  heirlooms  when 
these  caudle  parties  were  more  fashionable  than  they 
have  been,  until  a  recent  date.  Now  there  is  a  de- 
cided idea  of  reintroducing  them.  In  those  days  the 
newly-made  papa  also  entertained  his  friends  with  a 
stag  party,  when  bachelors  and  also  Benedicks  were 
invited  to  eat  buttered  toast,  which  was  sugared  and 


SOMB   CHKISTENING   OBSiSBYANGES.  227 

spread  in  a  mighty  punch-bowl,  over  which  boiling- 
hot  beer  was  poured.  After  the  punch-bowl  was  emp- 
tied, each  guest  placed  a  piece  of  money  in  the  bowl 
for  the  nurse.  Strong  ale  was  brewed,  and  a  pipe  of 
wine  laid  by  to  be  drunk  on  the  majority  of  the  child. 

This  greasy  mess  is  fortunately  now  extinct,  but 
the  caudle,  a  really  delicious  dish  or  drink,  is  the  fash- 
ion again.  It  is  generally  offered  when  master  or 
miss  is  about  six  weeks  old,  and  mamma  receives  her 
friends  in  a  tea  gown  or  some  pretty  convalescent 
wrap,  veiy  often  made  of  velvet  or  plush  cut  in  the 
form  of  a  belted-in  jacket  and  skirt,  or  in  one  long 
princesse  robe,  elaborately  trinmied  with  cascades  of 
lace  down  the  front.  The  baby  is,  of  course,  shown, 
but  not  much  handled.  Some  parents  have  the  chris- 
tening and  the  caudle  party  together,  but  of  this,  it 
is  said,  the  Church  does  not  approve. 

The  selectipn  of  god-parents  is  always  a  delicate 
task.  It  is  a  very  great  compliment,  of  course,  to  ask 
any  one  to  stand  in  this  relation,  highly  regarded  in 
England,  but  not  so  much  thought  of  here.  For- 
merly there  were  always  two  godfathers  and  two 
godmothers,  generally  chosen  from  friends  and  rela- 
tions, who  were  expected  to  watch  over  the  religious 
education  of  the  young  child,  and  to  see  that  he  was, 
in  due  time,  confirmed.  In  all  old  countries  this  re- 
lationship lasts  through  life  ;  kindly  help  and  counsel 
being  given  to  the  child  by  the  godfather— even  to 
adoption  in  many  instances — should  the  parents  die. 
But  in*  our  new  country,  with  the  absence  of  an  es- 
tablished Church,  and  with  our  belief  in  the  power 
of  every  man  to  take  care  of  himself,  this  beautiful 


228  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

relationship  has  been  neglected.  We  are  glad  to  see 
by  our  letters  that  it  is  being  renewed,  and  that  peo- 
ple are  thinking  more  of  these  time-honored  connec- 
tions. 

After  a  birth,  friends  and  acquaintances  should  call 
and  send  in  their  cards,  or  send  them  by  their  servants, 
with  kind  inquiries.  When  the  mother  is  ready  to 
see  her  friends,  she  should,  if  she  wishes,  signify  that 
time  by  sending  out  cards  for  a  "  caudle  party."  But 
let  her  be  rather  deliberate  about  this  unless  she  has 
a  mother,  or  aunt,  or  sister  to  take  'all  the  trouble  for 
her. 

The  godfather  and  godmother  generally  give  some 
little  present ;  a  silver  cup  or  porringer,  knife,  fork, 
and  spoon,  silver  basin,  coral  tooth-cutter,  or  coral 
and  bells,  were  the  former  gifts ;  but,  nowadays,  we 
hear  of  one  wealthy  godfather  who  left  a  check  for 
$100,000  in  the  baby's  cradle  ;  and  it  is  not  unusual 
for  those  who  can  do  so  to  make  ^  some  very  valuable 
investment  for  the  child,  particularly  if  he  bears  the 
name  of  the  godfather. 

Some  people — indeed,  most  people — take  their  chil- 
dren to  church  to  be  baptized,  and  then  give  a  lunch- 
eon at  home  afterwards,  to  which  all  are  invited,  es- 
pecially the  officiating  clergyman  and  his  wife,  as  well 
as  the  sponsors.  The  presents  should  be  given  at  this 
time.  Old-fashioned  people  give  the  baby  some  salt 
and  an  egg  for  good  luck,  and  are  particular  that  he 
should  be  carried  up-stairs  before  he  is  carried  down, 
and  that  when  he  goes  out  first  he  shall  be 'carried 
to  the  house  of  some  near  and  dear  relative. 

Confii-mation  is  in  the  Episcopal  Church  the  sequel 
17 


CONFIRMATION   IN  FRANCE    AND   ENGLAND.        229 

to  baptism;  and  in  France  this  is  a  beautiful  and  very 
important  ceremony.  In  the  month  of  May  the  streets 
are  filled  with  white  doves — young  girls,  all  in  mus- 
lin and  lace  veils,  going  with  their  mothers  or  chape- 
rons to  be  confirmed.  Here  the  duty  of  the  godfather 
or  the  godmother  comes  in;  and  if  a  child  is  an  or- 
phan, or  has  careless  or  irreligious  parents,  the  Church 
holds  the  godparent  responsible  that  these  children  be 
brought  to  the  bishop  to  be  confirmed. 

Notices  of  confirmation  to  be  held  are  always  given 
out  in  the  various  churches  some  weeks  prior  to  the 
event ;  and  persons  desirous  of  being  admitted  to  the 
rite  are  requested  to  make  known  their  wish  and  to 
give  their  names  to  their  clergyman.  Classes  are 
formed,  and  instruction  and  preparation  given  dur- 
ing the  weeks  preceding  the  day  which  the  bishop 
has  appointed.  In  England  a  noble  English  lady 
is  as  much  concerned  for  her  goddaughter  through 
all  this  important  period  as  she  is  for  her  daughter. 
In  France  the  obligation  is  also  considered  sacred. 
We  have  known  of  a  lady  who  made  the  journey  from 
Montpellier  to  Paris — although  she  could  scarcely  af- 
ford the  expense — to  attend  the  confirmation  of  her 
goddaughter,  although  the  young  girl  had  a  father 
and  mother. 

It  is  a  ceremony  well  worth  seeing,  either  in  Eng- 
land  or  France.  The  girls  walk  in  long  processions 
through  the  streets  ;  the  dress  uniformly  of  white 
with  long  veils.  Youths  follow  in  black  suits,  black 
ties,  and  gloves  ;  they  enter  one  aisle  of  the  church, 
the  girls  the  other.  When  the  time  arrive&  for  the 
laying  on  of  hands,  the  girls  go  first,  two  and  two ; 


230  HANNBBS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

they  give  their  card  or  certificate  into  the  hands  of 
the  bishop's  chaplain,  who  stands  near  to  receive  them. 
The  candidates  kneel  before  the  bishop,  who  lays  his 
hands  severally  on  their  heads. 

Of  course  persons  not  belonging  to  the  Episcopal 
Church  do  not  observe  this  rite.  But  as  a  belief  in 
baptism  is  almost  universal,  there  is  no  reason  why 
the  godfather  and  godmother  should  not  be  chosen 
and  adhered  to.  We  always  name  our  children,  or 
'  we  are  apt  to,  for  some  dear  friend  ;  and  we  would 
all  gladly  believe  that  such  a  friendship,  begun  at  the 
altar  when  he  is  being  consecrated  to  a  Christian  life, 
may  go  with  him  and  be  a  help  to  the  dear  little  man. 
In  our  belligerent  independence  and  our  freedom  from 
creeds  and  cant  we  have  thrown  away  too  much,  and 
can  afford  to  reassert  our  belief  in  and  respect  for  a 
few  old  customs. 

Royalty  has  always  been  a  respecter  of  these  pow- 
ers. King  Edward  VX  and  his  sisters  were  each  bap- 
tized when  only  three  days  old,  and  the  ceremony, 
which  lasted  between  two  and  three  days,  took  place 
at  night,  by  torch-light.  The  child  was  carried  under 
a  canopy,  preceded  by  gentlemen  bearing  in  state  the 
sponsors'  gifts,  and  attended  by  a  flourish  of  trumpets. 

At  a  modern  caudle  party  the  invitations  are  sent 
out  a  week  in  advance,  and  read  thus  : 

**Mr.  and  Mrs.  Brown  request  the  pleasure  of  your  company  on 
Tuesday  afternoon,  at  three  o'clock.    18  West  Kent  Street.   Caudle, 
** No  presents  a/re  expected." 

For  the  honor  of  being  a  godfather  one  receives  a 
note  in  the  first  person,  asking  the  friend  to  assume 


ADVICE   TO   MOVERS.  231 

that  kindly  office,  and  also  mentioning  the  fact  that 
the  name  will  be  so  and  so.  If  the  baby  is  named  for 
the  godfather,  a  very  handsome  present  is  usually 
made;  if  not,  the  godfather  or  godmother  still  sends 
some  little  token  of  regard.  This,  however,  is  en- 
tirely a  matter  of  fancy.  No  one  is  obliged  to  give 
a  present,  of  course. 

The  baby  at  his  christening  is  shown  off  in  a  splen- 
did robe,  very  much  belaced  and  embroidered,  and  it 
is  to  be  feared  that  it  is  a  day  of  disturbance  for  him. 
Babies  should  not  be  too  much  excited ;  a  quiet  and 
humdrum  existence,  a  not  too  showy  nurse,  and  reg- 
ular hours  are  conducive  to  a  good  constitution  for 
these  delicate  visitors.  The  gay  dresses  and  jingling 
ornaments  of  the  Roman  nurses  are  now  denounced 
by  the  foreign  doctors  as  being  too  exciting  to  the 
little  eyes  that  are  looking  out  on  a  new  world.  They 
are  very  pretty  and  picturesque,  and  many  a  travel- 
ling mamma  goes  into  a  large  outlay  for  these  bright 
colors  and  for  the  peasant  jewelry.  The  practice  of 
making  a  child  ride  backward  in  a  push-wagon  is  also 
sternly  denounced  by  modem  physicians. 

Fashionable  mammas  who  give  caudle  parties 
should  remember  that  in  our  harsh  climate  mater- 
nity is  beset  by  much  feebleness  as  to  nerves  in  both 
mother  and  child ;  therefore  a  long  seclusion  in  the 
nursery  is  advised  before  the  dangerous  period  of 
entertaining  one's  friends  begins.  Let  the  caudle 
party  wait,  and  the  christening  be  done  quietly  in 
one's  own  bedroom,  if  the  infant  is  feeble.  Show  off 
the  young  stranger  at  a  later  date :  an  ounce  of  pre-* 
vention  is  worth  a  pound  of  cure. 


CHAPTER  XXTX. 

THB   MODERN   DINNBB-TABLB. 

The  appointments  of  the  modem  dinner-table  Btrik- 
ingly  indicate  that  growth  of  luxury  of  which  the 
immediate  past  has  been  so  fruitful.  Up  to  twenty 
years  ago  a  dinner,  even  in  the  house  of  a  merchant 
prince,  was  a  plain  affair.  There  was  a  white  table- 
cloth of  double  damask ;  there  were  large,  handsome 
napkins;  there  was  a  rich  service  of  solid  silver,  and 
perhaps  some  good  china.  Flowers,  if  used  at  all, 
were  not  in  profusion;  and  as  for  glasses,  only  a 
few  of  plain  white,  or  perhaps  a  green  or  a  red  one 
for  claret  or  hock,  were  placed  at  the  side  of  the  plate. 

Of  course  there  were  variations  and  exceptions  to 
this  rule,  but  they  were  few  and  far  between.  One 
man,  or  often  one  maid-servant,  waited  at  the  table; 
and,  as  a  protection  for  the  table-cloth,  mats  were 
used,  implying  the  fear  that  the  dish  brought  from 
the  top  of  the  kitchen-range,  if  set  down,  would  leave 
a  spot  or  stain.  All  was  on  a  simple  or  economical 
plan.  The  grand  dinners  were  served  by  caterers, 
'who  sent  their  men  to  wait  at  them,  which  led  to  the 
remark,  often  laughed  at  as  showing  English  stupid- 
ity, made  by  the  Marquis  of  Hartington  when  he  vis- 
ited New  York  at  the  time  of  our  war.  As  he  looked 
at  old  Peter  Van  Dyck  and  his  colored  assistants^ 


AS  TO   SERVANTS.  238 

whom  he  had  seen  at  every  house  at  which  he  had 
dined,  he  remarked,  "How  much  all  your  servants 
resemble  each  other  in  America!"  It  was  really  an 
unintentional  sarcasm,  but  it  might  well  have  sug- 
gested to  our  nauveaux  riches  the  propriety  of  having 
their  own  trained  servants  to  do  the  work  of  their 
houses  instead  of  these  outside  men.  A  degree  of 
elegance,  to  which  we  have  not  as  a  nation  even  yet 
attained,  is  that  of  having  a  well-trained  corps  of 
domestic  servants. 

A  mistress  of  a  house  should  be  capable  of  teach- 
ing her  servants  the  method  of  laying  a  table  and  at- 
tending it,  if  she  has  to  take,  as  we  commonly  must, 
the  uneducated  Irishman  from  his  native  bogs  as  a. 
house-servant.  If  she  employs  the  accomplished  and 
well-recommended  foreign  servant,  he  is  too  apt  to 
disarrange  her  establishment  by  disparaging  the  scale 
on  which  it  is  conducted,  and  to  engender  a  spirit  of 
discontent  in  her  household.  Servants  of  a  very  high 
class,  who  can  assume  the  entire  management  of  af- 
fairs, are  only  possible  to  people  of  great  wealth,  and 
they  become  tyrants,  and  often  wholly  detestable  to  the 
master  and  mistress  after  a  short  slavery.  One  New 
York  butler  lately  refused  to  wash  dishes,  telling  his 
mistress  that  it  would  ruin  his  finger-nails.  But  this 
man  was  a  consummate  servant,  who  laid  the  table  and 
attended  it,  with  an  ease  and  grace  that  gave  his  mis- 
tress that  pleasant  feeling  of  certainty  that  all  would 
go  well,  which  is  the  most  comfortable  of  all  feelings 
to  a  hostess,  and  without  which  dinner-giving  is  an- 
noyance beyond  all  words. 

The  arrangement  of  a  dinner-table  and  the  waiting 


234  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

upon  it  are  the  most  important  of  all  the  duties  of  a 
servant  or  servants,  and  any  betrayal  of  ignorance, 
any  nervousness  or  noise,  any  accident,  are  to  be  de- 
plored, showing  as  they  do  want  of  experience  and 
lack  of  training. 

No  one  wishes  to  invite  his  friends  to  be  uncom- 
fortable. Those  dreadful  dinners  which  Thackeray  de- 
scribes, at  which  people  with  small  incomes  tried  to 
rival  those  of  large  means,  will  forever  remain  in 
the  minds  of  his  readers  as  among  the  most  painful 
of  all  revelations  of  sham.  We  should  be  real  first, 
and  ornamental  afterwards. 

In  a  wealthy  family  a  butler  and  two  footmen  are 
employed,  and  it  is  their  duty  to  work  together  in 
harmony,  the  butler  having  controL  The  two  foot- 
men lay  the  table,  the  butler  looking  on  to  see  that  it 
is  properly  done.  The  butler  takes  care  of  the  wine, 
and  stands  behind  his  mistress's  chair.  Where  only 
one  man  is  employed,  the  whole  duty  devolves  upon 
him,  and  he  has  generally  the  assistance  of  the  parlor- 
maid. Where  there  is  only  a  maid-servant,  the  mis- 
tress of  the  house  must  see  that  all  necessary  arrange- 
ments are  made. 

The  introduction  of  the  extension  -  table  into  our 
long,  narrow  dining-rooms  has  led  to  the  expulsion 
of  the  pretty  round-table,  which  is  of  all  others  tha 
most  cheerful.  The  extension -table,  however,  is  al- 
most inevitable,  and  one  of  the  ordinary  size,  with 
two  leaves  added,  will  seat  twelve  people.  The  pub- 
lic caterers  say  that  every  additional  leaf  gives  room 
for  four  more  people,  but  the  hostess,  in  order  to  avoid 
crowding,  would  be  wise  if  she  tested  this  with  her 


NUMBER  TO  INVITE  TO   A  DINNER-PARTY.        236 

dining-room  chairs.  New  York  dinner-parties  are 
often  crowded — sixteen  being  sometimes  asked  when 
the  table  will  only  accommodate  fourteen.  This  is  a 
mistake,  as  heat  and  crowding  should  be  avoided.  In 
country  houses,  or  in  Philadelphia,  Boston,  Washing- 
ton, and  other  cities  where  the  dining-rooms  are  or- 
dinarily larger  than  those  in  a  New  York  house,  the 
danger  of  crowding,  of  heat,  and  want  of  ventilation, 
is  more  easily  avoided ;  but  in  a  furnace-heated  room 
in  New  York  the  sufferings  of  the  diners-out  are  some- 
times terrible. 

The  arrangements  for  the  dinner,  whether  the  party 
be  ten  or  twenty,  should  be  the  same.  Much  has  been 
said  about  the  number  to  be  invited,  and  there  is  an 
old  saw  that  one  should  not  invite  "fewer  than  the 
Graces  nor  more  than  the  Muses."  This  partiality  to 
uneven  numbers  refers  to  the  difficulty  of  seating  a 
party  of  eight,  in  which  case,  if  the  host  and  hostess 
take  the  head  and  foot  of  the  table,  two  gentlemen  and 
two  ladies  will  come  together.  But  the  number  of  the 
Graces  being  three,  no  worse  number  than  that  could 
be  selected  for  a  dinner-party  ;  and  nine  would  be 
equally  uncomfortable  at  an  extension -table,  as  it 
would  be  necessary  to  seat  three  on  one  side  and  four 
on  the  other.  Ten  is  a  good  number  for  a  small  din- 
ner, and  easy  to  manage.  One  servant  can  wait  on 
ten  people,  and  do  it  well,  if  well-trained.  Twenty- 
four  people  often  sit  down  at  a  modern  dinner-table, 
and  are  well  served  by  a  butler  and  two  men,  though 
some  luxurious  dinner-givers  have  a  man  behind  each 
chair.     This,  however,  is  ostentation. 

A  lady,  if  she  issue  invitations  for  a  dinner  of  ten 


236  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

or  twenty,  should  do  so  a  fortnight  in  advance,  and 
should  have  her  cards  engraved  thus  : 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Jcmiea  Norman 

request  the  pleasure  of 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  John  Brown's  company  at  dinner 

on  Thursday,  FjBbruary  eighth, 

a>t  seven  o'doek. 

These  engraved  forms,  on  note-paper,  filled  up  with 
the  necessary  time  and  date,  are  very  convenient  and 
elegant,  and  should  be  answered  by  the  fortunate  re- 
cipient immediately,  in  the  most  formal  manner,  and 
the  engagement  should  be  scrupulously  kept  if  ac- 
cepted. If  the  subsequent  illness  or  death  of  relatives, 
or  any  other  cause,  renders  this  impossible,  the  hostess 
should  be  immediately  notified. 

A  gentleman  is  never  invited  without  his  wife,  nor 
a  lady  without  her  husband,  unless  great  intimacy 
exists  between  the  parties,  and  the  sudden  need  of 
another  guest  makes  the  request  imperative. 

The  usual  hour  for  dinner-parties  in  America  is 
seven  o'clock ;  but  whatever  the  hour,  the  guests 
should  take  care  to  be  punctual  to  the  minute.  In 
the  hall  the  gentleman  should  find  a  card  with  his 
name,  and  that  of  the  lady  whom  he  is  to  take  in, 
written  on  it,  and  also  a  small  houtonni^re^  which  he 
places  in  his  button-hole.  On  entering  the  drawing- 
room  the  lady  goes  first,  not  taking  her  husband's 
arm.  If  the  gentleman  is  not  acquainted  with  the 
lady  whom  he  is  to  take  in  to  dinner,  he  asks  his 
hostess  to  present  him  to  her,  and  he  endeavors  to 
place  himself  on  an  agreeeble  footing  with  her  before 
they  enter  the  dining-room. 


SBBYIGB    A   LA   BUSSB.  237 

When  the  last  guest  has  arrived,  dinner  is  ready, 
and  the  butler  makes  his  announcement.  The  host 
leads  the  way,  with  theJady  to  whom  the  dinner  is 
given,  and  the  hostess  follows  last,  with  the  gentle- 
man whom  she  wishes  to  honor. 

The  people  who  enter  a  modem  dining-room  find  a 
picture  before  them,  which  is  the  result  of  painstaking 
thought,  taste,  and  experience,  and,  like  all  works  of 
art,  worthy  of  study. 

On  entering  the  room,  at  each  place,  as  the  servant 
draws  back  the  chair,  the  guest  sees  a  bewildering 
number  of  glass  goblets,  wine  and  champagne  glasses, 
several  forks,  knives,  and  spoons,  and  a  majolica  plate 
holding  oysters  on  the  half  shell,  with  a  bit  of  lemon 
in  the  centre  of  the  plate.  The  napkin,  deftly  folded, 
holds  a  dinner-roll,  which  the  guest  immediately  re- 
moves. The  servants  then,  seeing  all  the  guests  seated, 
pass  red  and  black  pepper,  in  silver  pepper-pots,  on  a 
silver  tray.  A  small,  peculiarly  shaped  fork  is  laid  by 
each  plate,  at  the  right  hand,  for  the  oysters.  Al- 
though some  ladies  now  have  all  their  forks  laid  on 
the  left  hand  of  the  plate,  this,  however,  is  not  usual. 
After  the  oysters  are  eaten,  the  plates  are  removed, 
and  two  kinds  of  soup  are  passed — a  white  and  a  brown 
soup. 

During  this  part  of  the  dinner  the  guest  has  time 
to  look  at  the  beautiful  Queen  Anne  silver,  the  hand- 
some lamps,  if  lamps  are  used  (we  may  mention  the 
fact  that  about  twenty -six  candles  will  well  light  a 
dinner  of  sixteen  persons),  and  the  various  colors  of 
lamp  and  candle  shades.  Then  the  beauty  of  the  flowers, 
and,  as  the  dinner  goes  on,  the  variety  of  the  modern 


238  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Dresden  china,  the  Sevres,  the  Royal  Worcester,  and 
the  old  blue  can  be  discussed  and  admired. 

The  service  18  d  la  Husse/  that  is,  everything  is 
handed  by  the  servants.  Nothing  is  seen  on  the  table 
except  the  wines  (and  only  a  few  of  these),  the  bon- 
bons, and  the  fruit.     No  greasy  dishes  are  allowed. 

At  his  right  hand  each  guest  finds  a  goblet  of  ele- 
gantly engraved  glass  for  water,  two  of  the  broad, 
flat,  flaring  shape  of  the  modern  champagne  glass 
(although  some  people  are  using  the  long  vase -like 
glass  of  the  past  for  champagne),  a  beautiful  Bohe- 
mian green  glass,  apparently  set  with  gems,  for  the 
hock,  a  ruby-red  glass  for  the  claret,  two  other  large 
white  claret  or  Burgundy  glasses,  and  three  wine- 
glasses of  cut  or  engraved  glass.  Harlequin  glasses, 
which  give  to  the  table  the  effect  of  a  bed  of  tulips, 
are  in  fashion  for  those  who  delight  in  color  and 
variety. 

The  hostess  may  prefer  the  modem  napery,  so  ex- 
quisitely embroidered  in  gold  thread,  which  affords 
an  opportunity  to  show  the  family  coat  of  arms,  or 
the  heraldic  animals — the  lion  and  the  two-headed 
eagle  and  the  griffin — intertwined  in  graceful  shapes 
around  the  whole  edge  of  the  table  and  on  the  nap- 
kins.   * 

As  the  dinner  goes  on  the  guest  revels  in  unex- 
pected  surprises  in  the  beauty  of  tile  plates,  some  of 
which  look  as  if  made  of  solid  gold ;  and  when  the 
Roman  punch  is  served  it  comes  in  the  heart  of  a 
red,  red  rose,  or  in  the  bosom  of  a  swan,  or  the  cup 
of  a  lily,  or  the  "  right  little,  tight  little  "  life-saving 
boat.     Faience,  china,  glass,  and  ice  are  all  pressed 


TABLE   DECORATIONS.  239 

into  the  service  of  the  Roman  punch,  and  sometimes 
the  prettiest  dish  of  all  is  hewn  out  of  ice.  This  is, 
however,  subject  to  the  caprice  of  the  hostess. 

In  1900,  the  modern  dinner  is  generally  at  eight 
o'clock.  It  is  a  fine  art,  that  of  giving  a  success- 
ful dinner.  The  fine  art  is  achieved  in  London,  and 
has  been  slow  in  arriving  here.  The  vulgarism  still 
attached  to  dinners,  in  New  York,  is  their  over-length, 
and  ostentation  as  to  flowers. 

We  will  try  to  see  how  all  this  picture  is  made, 
beginning  at  the  laying  of  the  table,  the  process  of 
which  we  will  explain  in  detail  in  the  next  chapter. 


CHAPTER  XXX. 

LAYING  THB   DINNEB-TABLB. 

Thb  table,  after  being  drawn  out  to  its  propef 
length,  should  be  covered  with  a  cotton-flannel  table- 
cloth— white,  if  the  table-cover  is  the  ordinary  dam-, 
ask ;  red,  if  the  open  work  table-cover  is  to*  be  used. 
This  broad  cotton  flannel  can  be  bought  for  eighty 
cents  a  yard.  The  table-cloth,  if  of  white  damask, 
should  be  perfectly  ironed,  with  one  long  fold  down 
the-  middle,  which  must  serve  the  butler  for  his 
mathematical  centre.  No  one  can  be  astray  in  using 
fine  white  damask.  If  a  lady  wishes  to  have  the 
more  rare  Russian  embroidery,  the  gold  embroidered 
on  the  open-work  table-cloth,  she  can  do  so,  but  let 
her  not  put  any  cloth  on  her  table  tJiai  wiU  not  wash. 
The  mixed-up  things  trimmed  with  velvet  or  satin  or 
ribbon,  which  are  occasionally  seen  on  vulgar  tables, 
are  detestable. 

However,  in  some  families  one  sees  silver  ipergnes 
which  are  heirlooms.  These  are  now  valued  for  old 
association's  sake ;  as  are  the  silver  candlesticks  and 
silver  compotiers.  Where  a  family  does  not  possess 
these  table  ornaments,  a  centre-piece  of  glass  is  used. 
The  flat  basket  of  flowers,  over  which  the  guests  could 
talk,  has  not  been  discarded,  but  the  ornaments  of  a 
dinner-table  are  apt  to  be  high,  including  the  lamps 
and  candelabra  which  at  present  replace  gas. 


DUTIES    OF  THE   BUTLER.  241 

The  table  -  clotji  being  laid,  the  centre  and  side 
ornaments  placed,  the  butler  sees  that  each  footman 
has  a  clean  towel  on  his  arm,  and  then  proceeds  to 
nnlock  the  plate  chest  and  the  glass  closet.  Measur- 
ing with  his  hand,  from  the  edge  of  the  table  to  the 
end  of  his  middle  finger,  he  places  the  first  glass. 
This  measurement  is  continued  around  the  table,  and 
secures  a  uniform  line  for  the  water  goblet,  and  the 
claret,  wine,  hock,  and  champagne  glasses,  which  ar6 
grouped  about  it.  He  then  causes  a  plate  to  be  put 
at  each  place,  large  enough  to  hold  the  majolica  plate 
with  the  oysters,  which  will  come  later*  One  footman 
is  detailed  to  fold  the  napkins,  which  should  be  large, 
thick,  fine,  and  serviceable  for  this  stage  of  the  din- 
ner. The  napkins  are  not  folded  in  any  hotel  device, 
but  simply  in  a  three-cornered  pyramid  that  will  stand 
holding  the  roll  or  bread.  The  knives,  forks,  and 
spoons,  each  of  which  is  wiped  by  the  footman  with 
his  clean  towel,  so  that  no  dampness  of  his  own  hand 
shall  mar  their  sparkling  cleanliness,  are  then  distrib* 
uted.  These  should  be  all  of  silver;  two  knives,  three 
forks,  and  a  soup-spoon  being  the  usual  number  laid 
at  each  plate. 

Before  each  plate  is  placed  a  little  salt-cellar,  either 
of  silver  or  china,  in  some  fanciful  shape.  Tiny  wheel- 
barrows are  much  used.  A  carafe  holding  water  should 
be  put  on  very  late,  and  be  fresh  from  the  ice-chest. 

Very  thin  glasses  are  now  used  for  choice  sherry 
and  Madeira,  and  are  not  put  on  until  the  latter  part 
of  the  dinner. 

Menu-holders  or  card-holders  of  china  or  silver  are 
often  placed  before  each  plate ;   to  hold  the  card  on 


242  MAKNEB8  AND   SOCIAL  U8AGB8. 

which  the  name  of  the  guest  is  printed  and  the  bill  of 
fare  from  which  he  is  to  choose.  These  may  be  dis- 
pensed with,  however,  and  the  menu  and  name  laid  on 
each  plate  ;  and  some  hostesses  have  discarded  menus 
altogether. 

The  butler  now  turns  his  attention  to  his  sideboards 
and  tables,  from  whence  he  is  to  draw  his  supplies. 
Many  people  make  a  most  ostentatious  display  of 
plate  and  china  on  their  sideboards,  and  if  one  has 
pretty  things  why  not  show  them?  The  poorer  and 
more  modest  have,  on  their  sideboards,  simply  the 
things  which  will  be  needed.  But  there  should  be  a 
row  of  large  forks,  a  row  of  large  knives,  a  row  of 
small  ones,  a  row  of  table  -  spoons,  sauce-ladles,  des* 
sert-spoons,  fish-slice  and  fork,  a  few  tumblers,  rows 
of  claret,  sherry,  and  Madeira  glasses,  and  the  reserve 
of  dinner-plates. 

On  another  table  or  sideboard  should  be  placed  the 
finger-bowls  and  glass  dessert-plates,  the  smaller  spoons 
and  coffee  cups  and  saucers.  On  the  table  nearest  the 
door  should  be  the  carving-knives  and  the  first  dinner- 
plates  to  be  used.  Here  the  head  footman  or  the  but- 
ler divides  the  fish  and  carves  the  pi^ce  de  resistance^ 
the  fillet  of  beef,  the  haunch  of  venison,  the  turkey, 
or  the  saddle  of  mutton.  It  is  from  this  side-table 
that  all  the  dinner  should  be  served  ;  if  the  dining- 
room  is  small,  the  table  can  be  placed  in  the  hall  or 
adjacent  pantry.  As  the  fish  is  being  served,  the  first 
footman  should  offer  Chablis,  or  some  kind  of  white 
wine ;  with  the  soup,  sherry ;  with  the  roast,  claret  and 
champagne,  each  guest  being  asked  if  he  will  have  dry 
or  sweet  champagne. 


THB   DINNEB-WAGON.  243 

As  the  plates  are  removed  they  should  not  be  kept 
in  the  dining-room,  but  sent  to  the  kitchen  immedi- 
ately, a  maid  standing  outside  to  receive  them,  so  that 
no  disorder  of  the  dinner  may  reach  the  senses  of  the 
guests,  nor  even  an  unpleasant  odor.  As  each  plate 
is  removed  a  fresh  plate  must  be  put  in  its  place — 
generally  a  very  beautiful  piece  of  Sevres,  decorated 
with  a  landscape,  flowers,  or  faces. 

Sparkling  wines,  hock  and  champagne,  are  not  de- 
canted, but  are  kept  in  ice-pails,  and  opened  as  re- 
quired. On  the  sideboard  is  placed  the  wine  decanted 
for  use,  and  poured  out  as  needed;  after  the  game  has 
been  handed,  decanters  of  choice  Madeira  and  port 
a/e  placed  before  the  host,  who  sends  them  round  to 
his  guests. 

In  England  a  very  useful  little  piece  of  furniture, 
called  a  dinner-wagon,  is  in  order.  This  is  a  series  of 
open  shelves,  on  which  are  placed  the  extra  napkins 
or  serviettes  to  be  used;  for  in  England  the  first  heavy 
napkin  is  taken  away,  and  a  more  delicate  one  brougtit 
with  the  Roman  punch,  with  the  game  another,  and 
with  the  ices  still  another.  On  this  dinner-wagon  are 
placed  all  the  dessert  -  plates  and  the  finger-glasses. 
On  the  plate  which  is  to  serve  for  the  ice  is  a  gold 
ice-spoon,  and  a  silver  dessert-knife  and  fork  accom- 
pany the  finger-bowl  and  glass  plate.  This  dinner- 
wagon  also  holds  the  salad-bowl  and  spoon,  of  silver, 
the  salad  plates,  and  the  silver  bread-basket,  in  which 
should  be  thin  slices  of  brown  bread-and-butter.  A 
china  dish  in  three  compartments,  with  cheese  and 
butter  and  biscuits  to  be  passed  with  the  salad,  the 
extra  sauces,  the  jellies  for  the  meats,  the  relishes,  the 


244  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

radishes  and  celery,  the  olives  and  the  sifted  sugar — 
all  things  needed  as  accessories  of  the  dinner-table — 
can  be  put  on  this  dinner-wagon,  or  itag^re^  as  it  is 
called  in  France. 

We  notice  in  the  smart  dinners  of  1900  a  curtail- 
ment of  the  dinner  menus  and  the  shortening  of  what 
was  once  a  tedious  function.  People  who  keep  a  chef 
and  an  establishment,  and  who  have  saved  us  from 
that  barbarous  time  when  we  were  at  the  mercy  of  ca- 
terers, and  when  we  knew  that  to  each  dinner  we  went 
we  should  have  the  same  pkUs,  these  beneficent  dinner- 
givers  ask  us  to  a  dinner  which  is  shorter,  viands  better, 
and  wines  fewer  than  they  were  even  five  years  ago, 
all  of  which  is  most  merciful  and  kind  to  one's  "  t<9- 
morrow.*' 

No  table-spoons  should  be  laid  on  the  table,  except 
those  to  be  used  for  soup,  as  the  style  of  serving  d  la 
Ru8$e  precludes  their  being  needed ;  and  the  extra 
spoons,  cruets,  and  casters  are  put  on  the  sideboard. 

To  wait  on  a  large  dinner-party  the  attendants 
average  one  to  every  three  people,  and  when  only  a 
butler  and  one  footman  are  kept,  it  is  necessary  to 
hire  additional  servants. 

Previous  to  the  announcement  of  the  dinner,  the 
footman  places  the  soup-tureens  and  the  soup-plates 
on  the  side-table.  As  soon  as  the  oysters  are  eaten, 
and  the  plates  removed,  the  butler  begins  with  the 
soup,  and  sends  it  round  by  two  footmen,  one  on  each 
side,  each  carrying  two  plates.  Each  footman  should 
approach  the  guests  on  the  left,  so  that  the  right  hand 
may  be  used  for  taking  the  plate.  Half  a  ladlef ul  of 
soup  is  quite  enough  to  serve. 


OBDEB   OF   THB    COUBSB   AT  DINNBB.  245 

Some  ladies  never  allow  their  butler  to  do  any- 
thing but  hand  the  wine,  which  he  does  at  the  Hght 
hand  (not  the  left),  asking  each  person  if  he  will  have 
Sauteme,  dry  or  sweet  champagne,  claret,  Burgundy, 
and  so  on.  But  really  clever  butlers  serve  the  soup, 
carve,  and  pour  out  the  wine  as  well.  An  inexperi- 
enced servant  should  never  serve  the  wine;  it  must 
be  done  briskly  and  neatly,  not  explosively  or  care- 
lessly. The  overfilling  of  the  glass  should  be  avoided, 
and  servants  should  be  watched,  to  see  that  they 
give  champagne  only  to  those  who  wish  it,  and  that 
they  do  not  overfill  glasses  for  ladies,  who  rarely 
drink  anything. 

A  large  plate-basket  or  two,  for  removing  dishes 
and  silver  that  have  been  used,  are  necessary,  and 
should  not  be  forgotten.  The  butler  rings  a  bell 
which  communicates  with  the  kitchen  when  he  re- 
quires anything,  and  'after  each  erUrie  or  course  he 
thus  gives  the  signal  to  the  cook  to  send  up  another. 

Hot  dinner-plates  are  prepared  when  the  fish  is  re- 
moved, and  on  these  hot  plates  the  butler  serves  all 
the  meats ;  the  guests  are  also  served  with  hot  plates 
before  the  entries^  except  pdti  defoie  graSy  for  which 
a  cold  plate  is  necessary. 

Some  discretion  should  be  shown  by  the  servant 
who  passes  the  entriea,  A  large  table-spoon  and 
fprk  should  be  placed  on  the  dish,  and  the  dish  then 
held  low,  so  that  the  guest  may  help  himself  easily, 
the  servant  standing  at  his  left  hand.  He  should 
always  have  a  small  napkin  over  his  hand  as  he 
passes  a  dish.  A  napkin  should  also  be  wrapped 
around  the   champagne  bottle,  as  it  is  often  drip- 


246  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

ping  with  moisture  from  the  ice-chest.  It  is  the 
butler's  duty  to  make  the  salad,  which  he  should  do 
about  half  an  hour  before  dinner.  There  are  now  so 
many  provocatives  of  appetite  that  it  would  seem  as 
if  we  were  all,  after  the  manner  of  Heliogabalus, 
determined  to  eat  or  die.  The  best  of  these  is  the 
Roman  punch,  which,  coming  after  the  heavy  roasts, 
prepares  the  palate  and  stomach  for  the  canvas-back 
ducks  or  other  game.  Then  comes  the  salad  and 
cheese,  then  the  ices  and  sweets,  and  then  cheese 
savourie  or  cheese  fondu.  This  is  only  toasted  cheese, 
in  a  very  elegant  form,  and  is  served  in  little  silver 
shells,  sometimes  as  early  in  the  dinner  as  just  after 
the  oysters,  but  the  favorite  time  is  after  the  sweets. 

The  dessert  is  followed  by  the  liqueurs^  which  should 
be  poured  into  very  small  glasses,  and  handed  by  the 
butler  on  a  small  silver  waiter.  It  is  at  the  pleasure 
of  the  hostess  whether  or  not  this  is  handed  at  the 
table  or  in  the  drawing-room.  When  the  ices  are 
removed,  a  dessert-plate  of  glass,  with  a  finger-bowl, 
is  placed  before  each  person,  with  two  glasses,  one 
for  sherry,  the  other  for  claret  or  Burgundy,  and  the 
grapes,  peaches,  pears,  and  other  fruits  are  then 
passed.  After  the  fruits  go  round,  the  sugar-plums 
and  a  little  dried  ginger — a  very  pleasant  conserve — 
are  passed  before  the  coffee. 

The  hostess  makes  the  sign  for  retiring,  and  the 
dinner  breaks  up.  The  gentlemen  are  left  to  wine 
and  cigars,  liqueurs  and  cognac,  and  the  ladies  retire 
to  the  drawing-room  to  chat  and  take  their  coffee. 

In  the  selection  of  the  floral  decoration  for  the  ta- 
ble the  lady  of  the  house  has  the  final  voice.     Flow- 


THB   FLOBAL  DECOBATIONS.  247 

ers  which  have  a  very  heavy  fragrance  should  not  be 
used.  That  roses  and  pinks,  violets  and  lilacs,  are 
suitable,  goes  without  saying,  for  they  are  always 
delightful ;  but  the  heavy  tropical  odors  of  jasmine, 
orange-blossom,  hyacinth,  and  tuberose  should  be 
avoided.  A  very  pretty  decoration  is  obtained  by 
using  flowers  of  one  color,  such  as  Jacqueminot  roses, 
or  scarlet  carnations,  which,  if  placed  in  the  gleam- 
ing crystal  glass,  produce  a  very  brilliant  and  beau- 
tiful effect. 

Flowers  should  not  be  put  on  the  table  until  just 
before  dinner  is  served,  as  they  are  apt  to  be  wilted 
by  the  heat  and  the  lights. 

We  have  used  the  English  term  footman  to  indi- 
cate what  is  usually  called  a  waiter  in  this  country. 
A  waiter  in  England  is  a  hired  hotel-hand,  not  a  pri- 
vate servant. 

An  unreasonable  conceit  is  that  of  having  toys — 
such  as  imitation  musical  instruments,  crackers  which 
make  an  unpleasant  detonation,  imitations  of  negro 
minstrels,  balloons,  flags,  and  pasteboard  lobsters, 
toads,  and  insects  —  presented  to  each  lady.  These 
articles  are  neither  tasteful  nor  amusing,  and  have 
"no  excuse  for  being"  except  that  they  afford  an  op- 
portunity for  the  expenditure  of  more  money. 

In  1900  the  principal  luxury  of  the  dinner -table 
decoration  is  confined  to  the  flowers. 


CHAPTER  XXXL 

FAVOBS  AND  BONBONNI^BBS. 

Tbult  **  the  world  is  very  young  for  its  age.'*  We 
are  never  too  old  to  admire  a  pretty  favor  or  a  taste- 
ful bonbonnih'e ;  and,  looking  back  over  the  season, 
we  remember,  as  among  the  most  charming  of  the 
favors,  those  with  flowers  painted  upon  silken  ban- 
ners, with  the  owner's  name  intertwined.  The  tech- 
nical difficulties  of  painting  upon  silk  are  somewhat 
conquered,  one  would  think,  in  looking  at  the  endless 
devices  composed  of  satin  and  painted  flowers  on  the 
lunch-tables.  Little  boxes  covered  with  silk,  in  eight 
and  six  sided  forms,  with  panels  let  in,  on  which  are 
painted  acorns,  and  oak  leaves,  rosebuds  or  lilies,  and 
always  the  name  or  the  cipher  of  the  recipient,  are  very 
pretty.  The  Easter-egg  has  long  been  a  favorite  off er- 
ing  in  silk,  satin,  plush,  and  velvet,  in  covered,  egg- 
shaped  boxes  containing  bonbons;  these,  laid,  in  a  nest 
of  gold  and  silver  threads  in  a  doisonni  basket,  afford 
a  very  pretty  souvenir  to  carry  home  from  a  luncheon. 

Menu-holders  of  delicate  gilt-work  are  also  added 
to  the  other  favors.  These  pretty  little  things  some- 
times uphold  a  photograph,  or  a  porcelain  plate  on 
which  is  painted  the  lady's  name,  and  also  a  few  flow- 
ers. The  little  porcelain  cards  are  not  larger  than  a 
visiting-card,  and  are  often  very  artistic.    The  famous 


THB   MANY   KIin>S   OF   FAVORS.  249 

and  familiar  horseshoe,  in  silver  or  silver-gilt,  hold- 
ing up  the  menu-card,  is  another  pretty  favor,  and 
a  very  nice  one  to  carry  home,  as  it  becomes  a  pen- 
holder when  it  is  put  on  the  writing-table.  Wire 
rests,  shaped  like  those  used  for  muskets  in  barracks- 
yards,  are  also  used  for  the  name  and  menu -cards. 
Plateaus,  shells,  baskets,  figurettes,  vases  holding 
flowers,  dolphins,  Tritons,  swan,  sea  animals  (in 
crockery),  roses  which  open  and  disclose  the  sugar- 
plums, sprays  of  coral,  and  gilt  conch-shells,  are  all 
pretty,  especially  when  filled  with  flowers. 

Baskets  in  various  styles  are  often  seen.  One  tied 
with  a  broad  ribbon  at  the  side  is  very  useful  as  a 
work-basket  afterwards.  Open-work  baskets,  lined 
with  crimson  or  scarlet  or  pink  or  blue  plush,  with 
another  lining  of  silver  paper  to  protect  the  plums, 
are  very  tasteful.  A  very  pretty  basket  is  one  hung 
between  three  gilt  handles  or  poles,  and  filled  with 
flowers  or  candies.  Silvered  and  gilded  beetles,  or 
butterflies,  fastened  on  the  outside,  have  a  fanciful 
effect. 

Moss-covered  trays  holding  dried  grasses  and  straw, 
and  piles  of  chocolates  that  suggest  ammunition,  are 
decorative  and  effective. 

Wheelbarrows  of  tiny  size  for  flowers  are  a  favor- 
ite conceit.  They  are  made  of  straw-work,  entirely 
gilded,  or  painted  black  or  brown,  and  picked  out ' 
with  gold;  or  perhaps  pale  green,  with  a  bordering  of 
brown.  A  very  pretty  one  may  be  made  of  old  cigar- 
box  wood;  on  one  side  a  monogram  painted  in  red  and 
gold,  on  the  other  a  spray  of  autumn  leaves.  Carved- 
wood  barrows  fitted  with  tin  inside  may  hold  a  grow- 


250  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

ing  plant — stephanotis,  hyacinths,  ferns,  ivy,  or  any 
other  hardy  plant — and  are  very  pleasing  souvenirs. 

The  designs  for  reticules  and  chdtdainea  are  endless. 
At  a  very  expensive  luncheon,  to  which  twenty-four 
ladies  sat  down,  a  silk  reticule  a  foot  square,  filled  with 
Maillard's  confections  and  decorated  with  an  exquisite- 
ly painted  landscape  effect,  was  presented  to  each  guest. 
These  lovely  reticules  may  be  any  shape,  and  com- 
posed of  almost  any  material.  A  very  handsome  style 
is  an  eight -sided,  melon -shaped  bag  of  black  satin, 
with  a  decoration  of  bunches  of  scarlet  flowers  painted 
or  embroidered.  Silk  braided  with  gold,  brocade,  and 
plush  combined,  and  Turkish  towelling  with  an  ap- 
pliqui  of  brilliant  color,  are  all  suitable  and  effective. 

In  the  winter  a  shaded  satin  muff,  in  which  was 
hidden  a  bonbonnibrey  was  the  present  that  made  glad 
the  hearts  of  twenty-eight  ladies.  These  are  easily 
made  in  the  house,  and  a  plush  muff  with  a  bird's 
head  is  a  favorite  "  favor." 

A  pair  of  bellows  is  a  pretty  and  inexpensive  bon- 
bonnikre.  They  can  be  bought  at  the  confectioner's, 
and  are  more  satisfactory  than  when  made  at  home ; 
but  if  one  is  ingenious,  it  is  possible,  with  a  little 
pasteboard,  gilt  paper,  silk,  and  glue,  to  turn  out  a 
very  pretty  little  knickknack  of  this  kind.  However, 
the  French  do  these  things  so  much  better  than  we 
do  that  a  lady  giving  a  lunch-party  had  better  buy 
all  her  favors  at  some  wholesale  place.  There  is  a 
real  economy  in  buying  such  articles  at  the  wholesale 
stores,  for  the  retail  dealers  double  the  price. 

Bronze,  iron,  and  glass  are  all  pressed  into  the  ser- 
vice, and  occasionally  we  have  at  a  lunch  a  whole 


FAVORS   FOR   CHRISTENING  PARTIES.  251 

military  armament  of  cannon,  muskets,  swords,  bronze 
helmets,  whole  suits  of  armor,  tazza  for  jewellery,  min- 
iature cases,  inkstands,  and  powder-boxes,  all  to  hold 
a  few  sugar-plums. 

At  a  christening  party  all  the  favors  savor  of  the 
nursery  —  splendid  cradles  of  flowers,  a  bassinet  of 
brilliante  trimmed  with  ribbons  for  a  bonbonni^e, 
powder-boxes,  puffs,  little  socks  filled  with  sugar  in- 
stead of  little  feet,  an  infant's  cloak  standing  on  end 
(really  over  pasteboard),  an  infant's  hood,  and  even 
the  flannel  shirt  has  been  copied.  Of  course  the  bap- 
tismal dish  and  silver  cup  are  easily  imitated. 

Perfumery  is  introduced  in  little  cut-glass  bottles, 
in  leaden  tubes  like  paint  tubes,  in  perfumed  arti- 
ficial flowers,  in  sachets  of  powder,  and  in  the  handles 
of  fans. 

Boxes  of  satinwood,  small  wood  covers  for  music 
and  blotting  cases,  painted  by  hand,  are  rather  pret- 
ty favors.  The  plain  boxes  and  book  covers  can  be 
bought  and  ornamented  by  the  young  artists  of  the 
family.  Nothing  is  prettier  than  an  owl  sitting  on 
an  ivy  vine  for  one  of  these.  The  owl,  indeed,  plays 
a  very  conspicuous  part  at  the  modem  dinner -table 
and  luncheon.  His  power  of  looking  wise  and  being 
foolish  at  the  same  time  fits  him  for  modern  society. 
He  enters  it  as  a  pepper-caster,  a  feathered  bonbon- 
nihrej  a  pickle-holder  (in  china),  and  is  drawn,  paint- 
ed, and  photographed  in  every  style.  A  pun  is  made 
on  his  name:  " Should  owled  acquaintance  be  forgot  ?" 
etc.  He  is  a  favorite  in  jewellery,  and  is  often  carved 
in  jade.  Indeed,  the  owl  is  having  his  day,  having 
had  the  night  always  to  himself. 


252  MANNERS    AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

The  squirrel,  the  dog,  "  the  frog  that  would  a- woo- 
ing go,"  the  white  duck,  the  pig,  and  the  mouse,  are 
all  represented  in  china,  and  in  the  various  silks  and 
gauzes  of  French  taste,  or  in  their  native  skins,  or  in 
any  of  the  disguises  that  people  may  fancy.  Bears 
with  ragged  staffs  stand  guard  over  a  plate  of  mod- 
em faience,  as  they  do  over  the  gates  of  Warwick 
Castle.  Cats  mewing,  catching  mice,  playing  on  the 
Jews -harp,  elephants  full  of  choicest  confectionery, 
lions  and  tigers  with  chocolate  insides,  and  even  the 
marked  face  and  long  hair  of  a  poet,  the  last  holding, 
within  its  ample  cranium,  caraway  -  seeds  instead  of 
brains,  played  their  part  as  favors. 

The  green  enamelled  dragon-fly,  grasshoppers  and 
beetles,  flies  and  wasps,  moths  and  butterflies,  bright- 
tinted  mandarin  ducks,  peacocks,  and  ostriches,  tor^ 
toises  cut  in  pebbles  or  made  of  pasteboard,  shrimps 
and  crabs,  dp  all  coldly  furnish  forth  the  lunch-table 
as  favors  and  bonbonnUres.  Then  come  plaster  or 
pasteboard  gondolas,  skiffs,  wherries,  steamships,  and 
ferry-boats,  all  made  with  wondrous  skill  and  freight- 
ed with  caramels.  Imitation  rackets,  battledoor  and 
shuttlecock,  hoops  and  sticks,  castanets,  cup  and  ball, 
tambourines,  guitars,  violins,  hand-organs,  banjos,  and 
drums,  all  have  their  little  day  as  fashionable  favors 
for  the  cotillon  or  birthday  parties. 

Little  statuettes  of  Kate  Greenaway^s  quaint  chil- 
dren now  appear  as  favors,  and  are  very  charming. 
Nor  is  that "  flexible  curtain,"  the  fan,  left  out.  Those 
of  paper,  pretty  but  not  expensive,  are  very  common 
favors.  But  the  opulent  offer  pretty  satin  fans  painted 
with  the  recipient's  monogram,  or  else  a  fan  which  will 


FAVOBS   FOR   GENTLEMEN.  253 

match  flowers  and  dress.  Fans  of  lace  and  of  tortoise- 
shell  and  carved  ivory  and  sandal- wood  are  sometimes 
presented,  but  they  are  too  ostentations.  Let  us  say 
to  the  givers  of  feasts,  be  not  too  magnificent,  but  if 
you  give  a  fan,  give  one  that  is  good  for  something, 
not  a  thing  which  breaks  with  the  "  first  fall." 

A  very  pretty  set  of  favors,  called  "fairies,"  are 
little  groups  of  children  painted  on  muslin,  with  a 
background  of  ribbon.  The  muslin  is  so  thin  that 
the  children  seem  floating  on  air.  The  lady's  name 
is  also  painted  on  the  ribbon. 

We  find  that  favors  for  gentlemen,  such  as  sunflow- 
ers, pin-cushions,  small  purses,  scarf-pins,  and  sleeve- 
buttons,  are  more  useful  than  those  bestowed  upon 
ladies,  but  not  so  ornamental. 

Yery  pretty  baskets,  called  huits  (the  baskets  used 
by  the  vine-growers  to  carry  earth  for  the  roots  of 
the  vines),  are  made  of  straw  ornamented  with  arti- 
ficial flowers  and  grasses,  and  filled  with  bonbons. 

Little  Leghorn  hats  trimmed  with  pompons  of  mus- 
lin, blue,  pink,  or  white,  are  filled  with  natural  flowers 
and  hung  on  the  arm.     These  are  a  lovely  variation. 

Fruits — the  apple,  pear,  orange,  and  plum,  delight- 
fully realistic — are  made  of  composition,  and  open  t6 
disclose  most  unexpected  seeds. 

A  trowel,  a  knife,  fork,  and  spoon,  of  artistically 
painted  wood,  and  a  pair  of  oars,  all  claim  a  passing 
notice  as  artistic  novelties. 

Bags  of  plush,  and  silk  embroidered  with  daisies, 
are  very  handsome  and  expensive  favors;  heavily 
trimmed  with  lace,  they  cost  four  dollars  apiece,  but 
are  sold  a  little  cheaper  by  the  dozen.    Blue  sashes. 


254  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

with  flower»  painted  on  paper  (and  attached  to  the 
sash  a  paper  on  which  may  he  written  the  menu),  cost 
eighteen  dollars  a  dozen.  A  dish  of  snails,  fearfully 
realistic,  can  he  hought  for  one  dollar  a  plate,  fruits 
for  eighteen  dollars  a  dozen,  and  fans  anywhere  from 
twelve  up  to  a  hundred  dollars  a  dozen. 

A  thousand  dollars  is  not  an  unusual  price  for  a 
luncheon,  including  flowers  and  favors,  for  eighteen 
to  twenty-four  guests.  Indeed,  a  luncheon  was  once 
given  for  which  the  hostess  offered  a  prize  for  copies 
in  miniature  of  the  musical  instruments  used  in 
"  Patience."  They  were  furnished  to  her  for  three 
hundred  dollars.  The  names  of  these  now  almost 
ohsolete  instruments  were  rappaka,  tihia,  archlute, 
tamhour,  kiffar,  quinteme,  rehal,  tuckin,  archviola, 
lyra,  serpentine,  chluy,  viola  da  gamha,  halalaika, 
gong,  ravanastron,  monochord,  shopkar.  The  "  arch- 
lute  "  is  the  mandolin.  They  represented  all  coun- 
tries, and  were  delicate  specimens  of  toy  handiwork. 

We  have  not  entered  into  the  vast  field  of  glass, 
china,  porcelain,  doisonni,  Dresden,  faience  jugs,  hex- 
es, plates,  hottles,  and  vases,  which  are  all  used  as 
favors.  Indeed,  it  would  he  impossihle  to  descrihe 
half  of  the  fancies  which  minister  to  modern  ex- 
travagance. The  bonbonni^e  can  cost  anything, 
from  five  to  five  hundred  dollars ;  fifty  dollars  for  a 
satin  hox  filled  with  candy  is  not  an  unconmion  price. 
Sometimes,  when  the  hox  is  of  oxidized  silver — a  quaint 
copy  of  the  antique  from  Benvenuto  Cellini — this  price 
is  not  too  much;  hut  when  it  is  a  thing  which  tarnishes 
in  a  month,  it  seems  ridiculously  extravagant. 

We  have  seen  very  pretty  and  artistic  cheap  favowu 


OCCASIONS   FOR  THE   FAYOBS.  255 

Beticules  made  of  bright  cotton,  or  silk  handker- 
chiefs with  borders;  cards  painted  by  the  artists  of 
the  family;  palm-leaf  fans  covered  with  real  flowers, 
or  painted  with  imitation  ones ;  sunflowers  made  of 
pasteboard,  with  portfolios  behind  them ;  pretty  little 
parasols  of  flowers ;  Little  Red  Riding  Hood,  ofliciat- 
ing  as  a  receptacle  for  stray  pennies;  Japanese  tea- 
pots, with  the  "  cosey  "  made  at  home ;  little  doyleys 
wrought  with  delightful  designs,  and  numberless  other 
graceful  and  charming  trifles. 

In  1900  the  bicycle  has  become  a  favorite  article  to 
copy,  and  the  little  wheels  are  made  to  revolve  and 
chase  the  favored*  hours  with  flying  feet  down  the 
table,  bearing  a  very  good  copy  of  a  rider  who  bends 
over  decidedly  too  much. 

These  are  intended  for  luncheon  parties,  in  the  in- 
formal feasts  of  Christmas,  St.  Valentine's  Day,  chil- 
dren's parties,  and  so  on. 


CHAPTER   XXXII. 

DIXNER-TABLB    NOVSLTIBS   IN    1900. 

Ons  would  think  that  modem  luxury  had  reached 
its  ultimatum  in  the  delicate  refinements  of  dinner-giv- 
ing, but  each  dinner-table  reveals  the  fact  that  this  is 
an  inexhaustible  subject.  The  floral  world  is  capable 
of  an  infinity  of  surprises,  and  the  last  one  is  a  cameo 
of  flowers  on  a  door,  shaped  like  a  four-leaved  clover. 
The  guests  are  thus  assured  of  good-luck.  The  horse- 
shoe having  been  so  much  used  that  it  is  now  almost 
obsolete,  except  in  jewelry,  the  clover-leaf  has  come 
in.  A  very  beautiful  dinner  far  up  Fifth  Avenue  had 
this  winter  an  entirely  new  idea,  inasmuch  as  the  flow- 
ers were  put  overhead.  The  delicate  vine,  resembling 
green  asparagus  in  its  fragility,  was  suspended  from 
the  chandelier  to  the  four  corners  of  the  room,  and  on 
it  were  hung  delicate  roses,  lilies-of-the-valley,  pinks, 
and  fragrant  jasmine,  which  sent  down  their  odors, 
and  occasionally  dropped  themselves  into  a  lady's  lap. 
This  is  an  exquisite  bit  of  luxury. 

Then  the  arrival,  two  months  before  Easter,  of  the 
fragrant,  beautiful  Easter  lilies  has  added  a  magnif- 
icent and  stately  effect  to  the  central  bouquets.  It 
has  been  found  that  the  island  of  Bermuda  is  a  great 
reservoir  of  these  bulbs,  which  are  sent  up,  like  their 
unf ragrant  rivals  the  onions,  by  the  barrelf ul.     Even 


FLOWERS    FOB  THE   DINNEB-TABLB.  267 

a  piece  of  a  bulb  will  produce  from  three  to  five  lilies, 
80  that  these  fine  flowers  are  more  cheap  and  plenty  in 
January  than  usually  in  April.  A  dining-room,  square 
in  shape,  hung  with  richly-eniibroidered,  old-gold  tap- 
estry, with  a  round  table  set  for  twenty,  with  silver 
and  glass  and  a  great  bunch  of  lilies  and  green  ferns 
in  the  middle,  and  a  "crazy  quilt"  of  flowers  over 
one's  head,  may  well  reproduce  the  sense  of  dream- 
land which  modem  luxury  is  trying  to  follow. 

Truly  we  live  in  the  days  of  Aladdin. 

The  florists  will  furnish  you  red  clovers  in  January 
if  you  give  your  order  in  October.  Great  bunches  of 
flowers,  of  a  pure  scarlet  unmixed  with  any  other  color, 
are  very  fashionable,  and  the  effect  in  a  softly-lighted 
room  is  most  startling  and  beautiful. 

The  lighting  of  rooms  by  means  of  lamps  and  can- 
dles is  giving  hostesses  great  annoyance.  There  is 
scarcely  a  dinner-party  but  the  candles  set  fire  to  their 
fringed  shades,  and  a  conflagration  ensues.  Then  the 
new  lamps,  which  give  such  a  resplendent  light,  have 
been  known  to  melt  the  metal  about  the  wick,  and  the 
consequences  have  been  disastrous.  The  next  move 
will  probably  be  the  dipping  of  the  paper  in  some 
asbestos  or  other  anti-inflammable  substance,  so  that 
there  will  be  no  danger  of  fire  at  the  dinner-table. 
The  screens  put  over  the  candles  should  not  have  this 
paper-fringe ;  it  is  very  dangerous.  But  if  a  candle- 
screen  takes  fire,  have  the  coolness  to  let  it  burn  itself 
up  without  touching  it,  as  thus  it  will  be  entirely  in- 
nocuous, although  rather  appalling  to  look  at.  Move 
a  plate  under  it  to  catch  the  flying  fragments,  and  no 
harm  will  be  done ;  but  a  well-intentioned  effort  to 


258  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

blow  it  out  or  to  remove  it  generally  results  in  a  very 
much  more  wide-spread  conflagration.  To  this  danger 
is  now  added  that  of  a  broken  electric  wire,  not  suffi- 
ciently insulated,  which  burns  down  the  house. 

China  and  glass  go  on  improving ;  and  there  are 
jewelled  goblets  and  centre-pieces  of  yellow  glass  cov- 
ered with  gold  and  what  looks  like  jewels.  Knives 
and  forks  are  now  to  be  had  with  crystal  handles  set 
in  silver,  very  ornamental  and  clean -looking;  these 
come  from  Bohemia.  The  endless  succession  of  beau- 
tiful plates  are  more  and  more  Japanese  in  tone. 

Satsuma  vases  and  jugs  are  often  sent  to  a  lady,  full 
of  beautiful  roses,  thus  making  a  lasting  souvenir  of 
what  would  be  a  perishable  gift.  These  Satsuma  jugs 
are  excellent  things  in  which  to  plant  hyacinths,  and 
they  look  well  in  the  centre  of  the  dinner-tab]^  with 
these  flowers  growing  in  them. 

Faded  flowers  can  be  entirely  restored  to  freshness 
by  clipping  the  stems  and  putting  them  in  very  hot 
water;  then  set  them  away  from  the  furnace-heat, 
and  they  come  on  the  dinner-table  fresh  for  several 
days  after  their  disappearance  in  disgrace  as  faded  or 
jaded  bouquets. ,  Flowers  thus  restored  have  been  put 
in  a  cold  library,  where  the  water,  once  hot,  has  frozen 
stiff,  and  yet  have  borne  these  two  extremes  of  tem- 
peratijre  without  loss  of  beauty — in  fact,  have  lasted 
presentably  from  Monday  morning  to  Saturday  night. 
What  flowers  cannot  stand  is  the  air  we  all  live  in — 
at  what  cost  to  our  freshness  we  find  out  in  the  spring 
— ^the  over-heated  furnace  and  the  air  of  the  modern 
dining-room.  The  secret  of  the  hot-water  treatment  is 
said  to  be  this:  the  sap  is  sent  up  into  the  flower  in- 


LOW-CUT  DRESSES.  259 

stead  of  lingering  in  the  stems.  Roses  respond  to  this 
treatment  wonderfully. 

The  fashion  of  wearing  low-necked  dresses  at  dinner 
has  become  so  pronounced  that  the  moralists  begin  to 
issue  weekly  essays  against  this  revival  as  if  it  had 
never  been  done  before.  Our  virtuous  grandmothers 
would  be  astonished  to  hear  that  their  ball-dresses 
(never  cut  high)  were  so  immoral  and  indecent.  The 
fact  remains  that  a  sleeveless  gown,  cut  in  a  Pompa- 
dour form,  is  far  more  of  a  revelation  of  figure  than  a 
low-necked  dinner-dress  properly  made.  There  is  no 
line  of  the  figure  so  dear  to  the  artist  as  that  one  re- 
vealed from  the  nape  of  the  neck  to  the  shoulder.  A 
beautiful  back  is  the  delight  of  the  sculptor.  No  lady 
who  understands  the  fine-art  of  dress  would  ever  have 
her  gown  cut  too  low:  it  is  ugly,  besides  being  im- 
modest. The  persons  who  bring  discredit  on  fash- 
ion are  those  who  misinterpret  it.  The  truly  artistic 
modiste  cuts  a  low-necked  dress  to  reveal  the  fine  lines 
of  the  back,  but  it  is  never  in  France  cut  too  low  in 
front.  The  excessive  heat  of  an  Ameriean  dining-room 
makes  this  dress  very  much  more  comfortable  than  the 
high  dresses  which  were  brought  in  several  years  ago, 
because  a  princess  had  a  goitre  which  she  wished  to 
disguise. 

No  fulminations  against  fashion  have  ever  effected 
reforms.  We  must  take  fashion  as  we  find  it,  and  strive 
to  mould  dress  to  our  own  style,  not  slavishly  adhering 
to,  but  respectfully  following,  the  reigning  mode,  re- 
membering that  all  writings  and  edicts  against  this  sub- 
ruler  of  the  world  are  like  sunbeams  falling  on  a  stone 
wall.  The  sunbeams  vanish,  but  the  stone  wall  remains. 


260  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

The  modem  married  belle  at  a  dinner  is  apt  to  be 
dressed  in  white,  with  much  chiffon  trimming,  with 
feathers  in  her  hair,  and  with  diamonds  on  her  neck 
and  arms,  and  a  crown  on  her  head,  which  is  not  re- 
publican, and  a  pair  of  long,  brown  Swedish  gloves 
drawn  up  to  her  shoulders ;  a  fan  of  ostrich  feath- 
ers hangs  at  her  side  by  a  ribbon  or  a  chain  of  dia- 
monds and  pearls.  The  long,  brown  Swedish  gloves 
are  an  anomaly  ;  they  do  not  suit  the  rest  of  this  ex- 
quisite dress,  but  fashion  decrees  that  they  shall  be 
worn,  and  therefore  they  are  worn,  although  white 
gloves  are  allowed,  and  indeed  are  the  favorite  in 
1900. 

The  fine,  stately  fashion  of  wearing  feathers  in  the 
hair  has  returned,  and  it  is  becoming  to  middle-aged 
women.  It  gives  them  a  queenly  air.  Young  girls 
look  better  for  the  simplest  head-gear;  they  wear  their 
hair  high  or  low  as  they  consider  becoming. 

Monstrous  and  inconvenient  bouquets  may  be  again 
the  fashion,  and  a  very  ugly  fashion  it  is.  A  lady 
does  not  know^what  to  do  with  her  two  or  three  bou- 
quets at  a  musicale  or  a  dinner,  so  they  are  laid  away 
on  a  table.  The  only  thing  that  can  be  done  is  to  sit 
after  dinner  with  them  in  her  lap,  and  the  prima  donna 
at  a  musicale  lays  hers  on  the  grand  piano. 

More  and  more  is  it  becoming  the  fashion  to  have 
music  at  the  end  of  a  dinner  in  the  drawing-room,  in- 
stead of  having  it  played  during  dinner.  Elocution- 
ists are  asked  in  to  amuse  the  guests,  who, having  been 
fed  on  terrapin  and  canvas-back  ducks,  are  not  sup- 
posed to  be  in  a  talking  mood.  This  may  be  overdone. 
Many  people  like  to  talk  after  dinner  with  the  people 


gentlemen's  dinner  dbess.  261 

who  are  thus  accidentally  brought  together;  for  in  our 
large  cities  the  corapany  assembled  about  a  dinner-table 
are  very  often  fresh  acquaintances  who  like  to  improve 
that  opportunity  to  know  each  other  better. 

We  have  spoken  of  the  dress  of  ladies,  which,  if  we 
were  to  pursue,  would  lead  us  into  all  the  details  of 
velvet,  satin,  and  brocade,  and  would  be  a  departure 
from  our  subject ;  let  us  therefore  glance  at  the  gen- 
tlemen at  a  modern,  most  modern,  dinner.  The  vests 
are  cut  very  low,  and  exhibit  a  plain  shirt-front  held 
by  one  stud,  generally  a  cat's  -  eye ;  however,  three 
studs  are  permissible.  White  plain-pleated  linen,  with 
enamel  studs  resembling  linen,  is  also  very  fashion- 
able. A  few  young  men,  sometimes  called  dudes — no 
one  knows  why — wear  pink  coral  studs  or  pearls,  gen- 
erally black  pearls.  Elderly  gentlemen  content  themr 
selves  with  plain-pleated  shirt-fronts  and  white  ties, 
indulging  even  in  wearing  their  watches  in  the  old 
way,  as  fashion  has  reintroduced  the  short  vest-chain 
so  long  banished,  but  this  is  not  modem  fashion.  The 
old  fob  of  our  grandfathers  is  sometimes  seen  on  very 
well-dressed  men. 

It  is  pleasant  to  see  the  gold  chain  for  the  neck  re- 
appearing. It  always  had  a  pretty  effect,  and  is  now 
much  worn  to  support  the  locket,  cross,  or  medallion 
portrait  which  ladies  wear  after  the  Louis  Qninze 
fashion.  Gold  is  more  becoming  to  dark  complexions 
than  pearls,  and  many  ladies  hail  this  return  to  gold 
necklaces  with  much  delight. 

The  ornamentation  of  the  dinner-table  is  high  rather 
than  low,  in  modern  fashion — high  candlesticks,  high 
vases,  high  glasses  for  the  flowers,  and  tall  glass  com- 


262  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

potiers.  Salt-cellars  are  looking  up  ;  and  a  favorite 
device  is  a  silver  vase,  about  two  inches  high,  with  a 
shell  for  salt.  This  is,  however,  an  entirely  individual 
fad. 

Silver  and  silver-gilt  dishes,  having  been  banished 
for  five  years,  are  now  reasserting  their  pre-eminent 
fitness  for  the  modern  dinner -table.  People  grew 
tired  of  silver,  and  banished  it  to  the  plate -chest. 
Now  all  the  old  pieces  are  being  burnished  up  and  re- 
appearing; and  happy  the  hostess  who  has  some  real 
old  Queen  Anne.  As  the  silver  dollar  loses  caste,  the 
silver  soup  tureen,  or,  as  the  French  say,  the  soupi^e 
(and  it  is  a  good  word)  rises  in  fashion,  and  the  tea- 
pot of  our  grandmothers  resumes  its  honored  place. 
All  the  heavy  cart-wheel  silver  dollar's  should  be 
melted  up  and  put  on  the  dinner-table  in  useful  uten- 
sils, and  then  we  might  hear  less  of  the  silver  craze 
and  the  "  silver  heresy," 


CHAPTER  XXXIII. 

SUMMER    DINNEBS. 

Thebb  is  a  Beason  when  the  lingerers  in  town  accept 
with  pleasure  an  invitation  to  the  neighboring  country 
house,  where  the  lucky  suburban  cit  likes  to  entertain 
his  friends.  It  is  to  be  doubted,  however,  whether 
hospitality  is  an  unmixed  pleasure  to  those  who  ex- 
tend it.  With  each  blessing  of  prosperity  comes  an 
attendant  evil,  and  a  lady  who  has  a  country  house 
has  always  to  face  the  fact  that  her  servants  are  apt 
to  decamp  in  a  body  on  Saturday  night,  and  leave  her 
to  take  care  of  her  guests  as  best  she  may.  The  nearer 
to  town  the  greater  the  necessity  for  running  a  ser- 
vant's omnibus,  which  shall  take  the  departing  offend- 
er to  the  train,  and  speed  the  arrival  of  her  successor. 

No  lady  should  attempt  to  entertain  in  the  country 
who  has  not  a  good  cook  and  a  very  competent  waiter 
or  waitress.  The  latter,  if  well  trained,  is  in  every 
respect  as  good  as  a  man,  and  in  some  respects  more 
desirable ;  women  -  servants  are  usually  quiet,  neater 
than  men-servants,  as  a  rule,  and  require  less  waiting 
upon.  Both  men  and  women  should  be  required  to 
wear  shoes  that  do  not  creak,  and  to  be  immaculately 
neat  in  their  attire.  Maid  -  servants  should  always 
wear  caps  and  white  aprons,  and  men  dress -coats, 
white  cravats,  and  perfectly  fresh  linen. 

As  the  dinners  of  the  opulent,  who  have  butler. 


264  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

waiters,  French  cook,  etc.,  are  quite  able  to  take  care 
of  themselves,  we  prefer  to  answer  the  inquiries  of 
those  of  our  correspondents  who  live  in  a  simple 
manner,  with  two  or  three  servants,  and  who  wish  to 
entertain  with  hospitality  and  without  great  expense. 

The  dining-room  of  many  country  houses  is  small, 
and  not  cheerfully  furnished.  The  houses  built  re- 
cently are  improved  in  this  respect,  however,  and  now 
we  will  imagine  a  large  room  that  has  a  pretty  outlook 
on  the  Hudson,  carpeted  with  fragrant  matting,  or 
with  a  hard- wood  floor,  on  which  lie  India  rugs.  The 
table  should  be  oval,  as  that  shape  brings  guests  near 
to  each  other.  The  table  -  cloth  should  be  of  white 
damask,  and  as  fresh  as  sweet  clover,  for  dinner :  col- 
ored cloths  are  permissible  only  for  breakfast  and,  tea. 
The  chairs  should  be  easy,  with  high,  not  slanting 
backs.  For  summer,  cane  chairs  are  much  the  most 
comfortable,  although  those  covered  with  leather  are 
very  nice.  Some  people  prefer  arm-chairs  at  dinner, 
but  the  arms  are  inconvenient  to  many,  and,  besides, 
take  a  great  deal  of  room.  The  armless  dinner-chairs 
are  the  best,  except  for  the  lame  and  the  lazy. 

Now,  as  a  dinner  in  the  country  generally  occurs 
after  the  gentlemen  come  from  town,  the  matter  of 
light  has  to  be  considered.  Few  country  houses  have 
gas.  Even  if  they  have,  it  woul(J  be  very  hot,  and  at- 
tract mosquitoes.  If  our  late  brilliant  sunsets  do  not 
supply  enough,  how  shall  we  light  our  summer  din- 
ners? The  cool,  delightful  electric  light  answers  this 
query  in  1900. 

Candles  are  very  pretty,  but  exceedingly  trouble- 
some. The  wind  blows  the  flame  to  and  fro;  the 
insects  flutter  into  the  light;  an  unhappy  moth  seats 


COUNTBY   DINNEBS.        '  265 

himself  on  the  wick,  and  burning  into  an  unsightly 
cadaver  makes  a  gutter  down  one  side ;  the  little 
red -paper  shades  take  fire,  and  there  is  a  general 
conflagration.  Yet  light  is  positively  necessary  to 
digestion,  and  no  party  can  be  cheerful  without  it. 
Therefore,  try  carcel  or  moderator  lamps  with  pretty 
transparent  shades,  or  a  hanging  lamp  with  ground- 
glass  shade.  These  lamps,  filled  with  kerosene — and 
it  must  be  done  neatly,  so  that  it  will  not  smell — are 
the  best  lamps  for  the  country  dinner.  If  possible, 
however,  have  a  country  dinner  by  the  light  of  day ; 
it  is  much  more  cheerful. 

Now  for  the  ornamentation  of  the  dinner.  Let  it 
be  of  flowers — wild  ones,  if  possible^  grasses,  clovers, 
buttercups,  and  a  few  fragrant  roses  or  garden  flow- 
ers. There  is  no  end  to  the  cheap  decorative  china 
articles  that  are  sold  now  for  the  use  of  flowers.  A 
contemporary  mentions  orchids  placed  in  baskets  on 
the  shoulders  of  Arcadian  peasants ;  lilies-of-the-val- 
leyj  with  leaves  as  pale  as  their  flowers,  wheeled  in 
barrows  by  Cupids  or  set  in  china  slippers;  crocuses 
grown  in  a  china  pot  shaped  like  a  thumbed  copy  of 
Victor  Hugo's  "Notre  Dame  de  Paris;"  or  white  tulips 
in  a  cluster  of  three  gilt  sabots,  large  enough  to  form 
a  capital  flower-stand,  mounted  on  gilt,  rustic  branch- 
es. Stout  pitchers,  glass  bowls,  china  bowls,  and  even 
old  teapots,  make  pretty  bouquet-holders.  The  Greek 
vase,  the  classic  -  shaped,  old-fashioned  champagne 
glass,  are,  however,  unrivalled  for  the  light  grasses, 
field  daisies,  and  fresh  garden  flowers. 

Pretty,  modern  English  china,  the  cheap  "  old  blue,*' 
the  white  and  gold,  or  the  French,  with  a  colored  bor- 


266  HANNSBS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGB8. 

der,  are  all  good  enough  for  a  conntry  dinner;  for  if 
people  have  two  houses,  they  do  not  like  to  take  their 
fragile,  expensive  china  to  the  country.  Prettily- 
shaped  tureens  and  vegetable  dishes  add  very  much 
to  the  comfort  and  happiness  of  the  diners,  and  fort- 
unately they  are  cheap  and  easily  obtained.  Olass 
should  always  be  thin  and  fine,  and  tea  and  cofi^ee 
cups  delicate  to  the  lip :  avoid  the  thick  crockery  of 
a  hotel. 

For  a  country  dinner  the  table  should  be  set  near  a 
window,  or  windows,  if  possible ;  in  fine  weather,  in 
the  hall  or  on  the  wide  veranda.  If  the  veranda  is 
open,  or  has  long  windows,  the  servant  can  pass  in  and 
out  easily.  There  should  be  a  side-board  and  a  side- 
table,  relays  of  knives,  forks  and  spoons,  dishes  and 
glasses  not  in  use,  and  a  table  from  which  the  ser- 
vant can  help  the  soup  and  carve  the  joint,  as  on  a 
hot  day  no  one  wishes  to  see  these  two  dishes  on 
the  table.  A  maid-servant  should  be  taught  by  her 
mistress  how  to  carve,  in  order  to  save  time  and 
trouble.  Soup  for  a  country  dinner  should  be  clear 
bouillon,  with  macaroni  and  cheese,  cr^me  d^cuperge, 
or  Julienne,  which  has  in  it  all  the  vegetables  of  the 
season.  Heavy  mock-turtle,  bean  soup,  or  ox-tail  are 
not  in  order  for  a  country  dinner.  If  the  lady  of  the 
house  have  a  talent  for  cookery,  she  should  have  her 
soups  made  the  day  before,  all  the  grease  removed 
when  the  stock  is  cold,  and  season  them  herself. 

A  recent  novelty  is  a  tenderloin  of  beef,  with  a  ring 
about  it  of  stewed  cherries,  interspersed  with  parsley 
or  water-cress  leaves.  This  is  very  pretty,  arranged 
in  a  long  dish. 


THE    MENU    OP   A   COUNTRY  DINNER.  267 

It  is  better  in  a  country  house  to  have  some  cold 
dish  that  will  serve  as  a  resource  if  the  cook  should 
leave.  Melton  veal,  which  can  be  prepared  on  Mon- 
day and  which  will  last  until  Saturday,  is  an  excel- 
lent stand-by  ;  and  a  cold  boiled  or  roast  ham  should 
always  be  on  the  side-board.  A  hungry  man  can 
make  a  comfortable  dinner  of  cold  ham  and  a  baked 
potato. 

Every  country  householder  should  try  to  have  a 
vegetable  garden,  for  pease,  beans,  young  turnips,  and 
salads  fresh  gathered  are  very  superior  to  those  which 
even  the  best  grocer  furnishes.  And  of  all  the  lux- 
uries of  a  country  dinner  the  fresh  vegetables  are  the 
greatest.  Especially  does  the  tired  citizen,  fed  on 
the  esculents  of  the  comer  grocery,  delight  in  the 
green  pease,  the  crisp  lettuce,  the  undefiled  straw- 
beiTies.  One  old  epicure  of  New  York  asks  of  his 
country  friends  only  a  piece  of  boiled  salt  pork  with 
vegetables,  a  potato  salad,  some  cheese,  five  large 
strawberries,  and  a  cup  of  coffee.  The  large  family 
of  salads  help  to  make  the  country  dinner  delightful. 
Given  a  clear  beef  soup,  a  slice  of  fresh-boiled  salmon, 
a  bit  of  spring  lamb  with  mint  sauce,  some  green  pease 
and  fresh  potatoes,  a  salad  of  lettuce,  or  sliced  toma- 
toes, or  potatoes  with  a  bit  of  onion,  and  you  have  a 
dinner  fit  for  a  Brillat-Savarin ;  or  vary  it  with  a  pair 
of  boiled  chickens,  and  a  jardinihre  made  of  all  the 
pease,  beans,  potatoes,  cauliflower,  fresh  beets,  of  the 
day  before,  simply  treated  to  a  bath  of  vinegar  and  oil 
and  pepper  and  salt.  The  lady  wh'o  has  conquered 
the  salad  question  may  laugh  at  the  caprices  of  cooks^ 
and  defy  the  hour  at  which  the  train  leaves. 


268  MANNBB8    AND  SOCHtAL  USAGSB. 

What  80  good  as  an  egg  salad  for  a  hungry  com- 
pany? Boil  the  eggs  hard  and  slice  them,  cover  with 
a  mayonnaise  dressing,  and  pat  a  few  lettuce  leaves 
about  the  plate,  and  you  have  a  sustaining  meal. 

Many  families  have  cold  meats  and  warm  vegetables 
for  their  midday  dinner  during  the  summer.  This  is 
not  healthy.  Let  all  the  dinner  be  cold  if  the  meats 
are;  and  a  dinner  of  cold  roast  beef,  of  salad,  and 
cold  asparagus,  dressed  with  pepper,  oil,  and  vinegar, 
is  not  a  bad  meaL 

It  is  better  for  almost  everybody,  however,  to  eat  a 
hot  dinner,  even  in  hot  weather,  as  the  digestion  is 
aided  by  the  friendly  power  of  the  caloric.  Indeed 
dyspepsia,  almost  universal  with  Americans,  is  attrib- 
uted to  the  habit  which  prevails  in  this  country  above 
all  others  of  drinking  ice-water. 

Carafes  of  ice-water,  a  silver  dish  for  ice,  and  a  pair 
of  ice-tongs,  should  be  put  on  the  table  for  a  summer 
dinner.  For  desserts  there  is  an  almost  endless  suc- 
cession, and  with  cream  in  her  dairy,  and  a  patent  ice- 
cream freezer  in  her  cuisine^  the  house-keeper  need 
not  lack  delicate  and  delicious  dishes  of  berries  and 
fruits.  No  hot  puddings  should  be  served,  or  heavy 
pies ;  but  the  fruit  tart  is  an  excellent  sweet,  and 
should  be  made  d,  ravir ;  the  pastry  should  melt  in 
the  mouth,  and  the  fruit  be  stewed  with  a  great  deal 
of  sugar.  Cream  should  be  put  on  the  table  in  large 
glass  pitchers,  for  it  is  a  great  luxury  of  the  country 
and  of  the  summer  season. 

The  cold  custards,  Charlotte  -  Russe,  and  creams 
stiffened  with  gelatine  and  delicately  flavored,  are 
very  nice  for  a  summer  dinner.    So  is  home-made 


STBWED   FRUIT   AS   A   DESSEBT.  269 

cake,  when  well  made  ;  this,  indeed,  is  always  its 
only  "  excuse  for  being." 

Stewed  fruit  is  a  favorite  dessert  in  England,  and 
the  goosebeny,  which  here  is  but  little  used,  is  much 
liked  there.  Americans  prefer  to  eat  fruit  fresh,  and 
therefore  have  not  learned  to  stew  it.  Stewing  is, 
however,  a  branch  of  cookery  well  worth  the  atten- 
tion of  a  first-class  house -keeper.  It  makes  even 
the  canned  abominations  better,  and  the  California 
canned  apricot  stewed  with  sugar  is  one  of  the  niost 
delightful  of  sweets,  and  very  wholesome ;  canned 
peaches  stewed  with  sugar  lose  the  taste  of  tin,  which 
sets  the  teeth  on  edge,  and  stewed  currants  are  de- 
licious. 

Every  house-keeper  should  learn  to  cook  macaroni 
well.  It  is  worth  while  to  spend  an  hour  at  Mar- 
tinelli's  to  learn  how  to  make  it,  for  this  Italian  staple 
is  economical  and  extremely  palatable  if  properly 
prepared.  Rice,  too,  should  have  a  place  in  a  summer 
bill  of  fare,  as  an  occasional  substitute  for  potatoes, 
which  some  people  cannot  eat. 

For  sununer  dinners  there  should  never  be  any- 
thing on  the  table  when  the  guests  sit  down  but  the 
flowers  and  the  dessert,  the  ice -pitchers  or  carafeSy 
and  bowls  of  ice,  the  glass,  china,  and  silver:  the 
last  three  should  all  be  simple,  and  not  profuse. 

Many  families  now,  fearing  burglars,  use  only 
plated  spoons,  knives,  forks,  and  dishes  at  their  coun- 
try houses.  Modem  plate  is  so  very  good  that  there 
is  less  objection  to  this  than  formerly ;  but  the  gen- 
uine house -keeper*  loves  the  real  silver  spoons  and 
forks,  and  prefers  to  use  them. 


270  MANNERS    AND  SOCIAL    USAGES. 

The  ostentatious  display  of  silver,  however,  is  bad 
taste  at  a  country  dinner.  Glass  dishes  are  much 
more  elegant  and  appropriate,  and  quite  expensive 
enough  to  bear  the  title  of  luxuries. 

Avoid  all  greasy  and  heavy  dishes  in  summer.  Good 
roast  beef,  mutton,  lamb,  veal,  chickens,  and  fresh  fish 
are  always  in  order,  for«the  system  craves  the  support 
of  these  solids  in  summer  as  well  as  in  winter ;  but  do 
not  offer  pork,  unless  in  the  most  delicate  form,  and 
then  in  small  quantities.  Fried  salt  pork,  if  not  too 
fat,  is  always  a  pleasant  addition  to  the  broiled  bird. 

Broiled  fish,  broiled  chicken,  broiled  ham,  broiled 
steaks  and  chops,  are  always  satisfactory.  The  grid- 
iron made  St.  Lawrence  fit  for  Heaven,  and  its  qual- 
ities have  been  elevating  and  refining  ever  since. 
Nothing  can  be  less  healthy  or  less  agreeable  to  the 
taste  at  a  summer  dinner  than  fried  food.  The  fry- 
ing-pan should  have  been  thrown  into  the  fire  long 
ago,  and  burned  up. 

The  house-keeper  living  near  the  sea  has  an  ample 
store  to  choose  from  in  the  toothsome  crab,  clam,  lob- 
ster, and  other  Crustacea.  The  fresh  fish,  the  roast 
clams,  etc.,  take  the  place  of  the  devilled  kidneys  and 
broiled  bones  of  the  winter.  But  every  housewife 
should  study  the  markets  of  her  neighborhood*  In 
many  rural  districts  the  butchers  give  away,  or  throw 
to  the  dogs,  sweetbreads  and  other  morsels  which  are 
the  very  essence  of  luxury.  Calf's  head  is  rejected  by 
the  rural  buyer,  and  a  Frenchman  who  had  the  physi- 
ologie  du  goUt  at  his  finger-ends,  declared  that  in  a 
country  place,  not  f^ye  miles  from  New  York,  he  gave 
luxurious  dinners  on  what  the  butcher  threw  away. 


CHAPTER  XXXIV. 

LUNCHEONS,  INFORMAL    AND   SOCIAL. 

The  informal  lunch  is  perhaps  less  understood  in 
this  country  than  in  any  other,  because  it  is  rarely 
necessary.  In  the  country  it  is  called  early  dinner, 
children's  dinner,  or  ladies'  dinner ;  in  the  city,  when 
the  gentlemen  are  all  down  town,  then  blossoms  out 
the  elaborate  ladies'  lunch.* 

But  in  England,  at  a  country  house,  and  indeed  in 
London,  luncheon  is  a  recognized  and  very  delightful 
meal,  at  which  the  most  distinguished  men  and  wom- 
en meet  over  a  joint  and  a  cherry  tart,  and  talk  and 
laugh  for  an  hour  without  the  restraint  of  the  late 
and  formal  dinner. 

It  occupies  a  prominent  place  in  the  history  of 
hospitality,  and  Lord  Houghton,  among  others,  was 
famous  for  his  unceremonious  lunches.  As  it  is  un- 
derstood to  be  an  informal  meal,  the  invitations  are 
generally  sent  only  a  short  time  before  the  day  for 
which  the  recipient  is  invited,  and  are  written  in  the 
first  person.  Lord  Houghton's  were  apt  to  be  simply, 
"  Come  and  lunch  with  me  to-morrow."  At  our  prom- 
inent places  of  summer  resort,  ladies  who  have  houses 
of  their  own  generally  give  their  male  friends  a  ca/rte 
blanche  invitation  to  luncheon.  They  are  expected 
to  avail  themselves  of  it  without  ceremony,  and  at 

'^    W^hich  nas  an  tiie  tormaiity  of  a  diDQei 


272  MANNSBS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

Newport  the  table  is  always  laid  with  the  "extra 
knife  and  fork,"  or  two  or  three,  as  may  be  thought 
necessary.  Ladies,  however,  shoald  be  definitely  asked 
to  this  meal  as  to  others. 

It  is  a  very  convenient  meal,  as  it  permits  of  an 
irregular  number,  of  a  superfluity  of  ladies  or  gentle- 
men ;  it  is  chatty  and  easy,  and  is  neither  troublesome 
nor  expensive. 

The  hour  of  luncheon  is  stated,  but  severe  punct- 
uality is  not  insisted  upon.  A  guest  who  is  told  that 
he  may  drop  in  at  half-past  one  o'clock  every  day  will 
be  forgiven  if  he  comes  as  late  as  two. 

Ladies  may  come  in  in  their  hats  or  bonnets ;  gen- 
tlemen in  lawn-tennis  suits,  if  they  wish.  It  is  in- 
cumbent upon  the  hostess  but  not  upon  the  host 
to  be  present.  It  is  quite  immaterial  where  the 
guests  sit,  and  they  go  in  separately,  not  arm -in- 
arm. 

Either  white  or  colored  table-cloths  are  equally 
proper,  and  some  people  use  the  bare  mahogany,  but 
this  is  unusual. 

The  most  convenient  and  easy-going  luncheons  are 
served  from  the  buffet  or  side-table,  and  the  guests 
help  themselves  to  cold  ham,  tongue,  roast  beef,  etc. 
The  fruit  and  wine  and  bread  should  stand  on  the 
table. 

Each  chair  has  in  front  of  it  two  plates,  a  napkin 
with  bread,  two  knives,  two  forks  and  spoons,  a  small 
salt-cellar,  and  three  glasses — a  tumbler  for  water,  a 
claret  glass,  and  a  sherry  glass. 

Cold  bouillon  is  offered  in  summer,  but  not  often. 
If  served  well,  it   should  be   in   cups.      Dishes  of 


AN   ENGLISH   LUNCHBON.  273 

dressed  salad,  a  cold  fowl,  game,  or  hot  chops,  can 
be  put  before  the  hostess  or  passed  by  the  servant. 
Soup  and  fish  are  never  offered  at  these  luncheons. 
Some  people  prefer  a  hot  lunch,  and  chops,  birds  on 
toast,  or  a  beefsteak,  with  mashed  potatoes,  asparagus, 
or  green  pease,  are  suitable  dishes. 

It  is  proper  at  a  country  place  to  offer  a  full  lunch- 
eon, or  to  have  a  cold  joint  on  the  sideboard;  and 
after  the  more  serious  part  of  the  luncheon  has  been 
removed,  the  hostess  can  dismiss  the  servants,  and 
serve  the  ice-cream  or  tart  herself,  with  the  assistance 
of  her  s^uests.  Clean  plates,  knives,  and  forks  should 
be  in  ridiness. 

In  England  a  "hot  joint"  is  always  served  from 
the  sideboard.  In  fact,  an  English  luncheon  is  ex- 
actly what  a  plain  American  dinner  was  formerly — a 
roast  of  mutton  or  beef,  a  few  vegetables,  a  tart,  some 
fruit,  and  a  glass  of  sherry.  But  we  have  changed 
the  practice  considerably,  and  now  our  luxurious  coun- 
try offers  nothing  plain. 

In  this  country  one  waiter  generally  remains  dur- 
ing the  whole  meal,  and  serves  the  table  as  he  would 
at  dinner — only  with  less  ceremony.  It  is  perfectly 
proper  at  luncheon  for  any  one  to  rise  and  help  him- 
self to  what  he  wishes. 

Tea  and  coffee  are  never  served  after  luncheon 
in  the  drawing-room  or  dining-room.  People  are 
not  expected  to  remain  long  after  luncheon,  as  the 
lady  of  the  house  may  have  engagements  for  the 
afternoon. 

In  many  houses  the  butler  arranges  the  luncheon* 
table  with  flowers  or  fruit,  plates  of  thin  bread-and- 


274  HANNKB8  AK^D    SOCIAL   USA6B& 

batter,  jellies,  creams,  cakes,  and  preserves,  a  dish  of 
cold  salmon  mayonnaise^  and  decanters  of  sherry  and 
claret.  He  places  a  cold  ham  or  chicken  on  the  side- 
board, and  a  pitcher  of  ice- water  on  a  side-table,  and 
then  leaves  the  dining-room,  and  takes  no  heed  of  the 
haser  wants  of  humanity  ontil  dinner-time.  An  onder- 
man  or  footman  takes  the  place  of  this  lofty  being, 
and  waits  at  table. 

In  more  modest  hooses,  where  there  is  only  a  maid- 
servant or  one  man,  all  arrangements  for  the  lunch- 
eon and  for  expected  guests  should  be  made  inmiedi- 
ately  after  breakfast. 

If  the  children  dine  with  the  family  at  luncheon, 
it,  of  course,  becomes  an  important  meal,  and  should 
include  one  hot  dish  and  a  simple  dessert. 

It  is  well  for  people  living  in  the  country,  and  with 
a  certain  degree  of  style,  to  study  up  the  methods  of 
making  salads  and  cold  dishes,  for  these  come  in  so 
admirably  for  luncheon  that  they  often  save  a  hostess 
great  mortification.  By  attention  to  small  details  a 
very  humble  repast  may  be  most  elegant.  A  silver 
bread-basket  for  the  thin  slices  of  bread,  a  pretty 
cheese-dish,  a  napkin  around  the  cheese,  pats  of  but- 
ter in  a  pretty  dish,  flowers  in  vases,  fruits  neatly 
served — ^these  things  cost  little,  but  they  add  a  zest 
to  the  pleasures  of  the  table. 

If  a  hot  luncheon  is  served,  it  is  not  etiquette  to  put 
the  vegetables  on  the  table  as  at  dinner ;  they  should 
be  handed  by  the  waiter.  The  luncheon-table  is  al- 
ready full  of  the  articles  for  dessert,  and  there  is  no 
place  for  the  vegetables.  The  hot  erUriea  or  cold  en- 
tries are  placed  before  the  master  or  mistress,  and 


LUNCHEON   SERVICE.  275 

each  guest  is  asked  what  he  prefers.  The  whole 
aspect  of  luncheon  is  thus  made  perfectly  informal. 

-If  a  lady  gives  a  more  formal  lunch,  and  has  it 
served  d  la  Husse,  the  first  entr&e — let  us  say  chops 
and  green  peas^is  handed  by  the  waiter,  commen- 
cing  with  the  lady  who  sits  on  the  right  hand  of  the 
master  of  the  house.  This  is  followed  by  vegetables. 
Plates  having  been  renewed,  a  salad  and  some  cold 
ham  can  be  offered.  The  waiter  fills  the  glasses  with 
sherry,  or  offers  claret.  When  champagne  is  served 
at  lunch,  it  is  immediately  after  the  first  dish  has 
been  served,  and  claret  and  sherry  are  not  then  given 
unless  asked  for. 

After  the  salad  a  fresh  plate,  with  a  dessert-spoon 
and  small  fork  upon  it,  is  placed  before  each  person. 
The  ice-cream,  pie,  or  pudding  is  then  placed  in  fronli 
of  the  hostess,  who  cuts  it,  and  puts  a  portion  on 
each  plate.  After  these  dainties  have  been  dis- 
cussed, a  glass  plate,  serviette^  and  finger-bowl  are 
placed  before  each  guest  for  fruit.  The  servant  takes 
the  plate  from  his  mistress  after  she  has  filled  it,  and 
hands  it  to  the  lady  of  first  consideration,  and  so  on. 
When  only  members  of  the  family  are  pi'esent  at 
luncheon,  the  mistress  of  the  house  is  helped  first  by 
the  servants. 

Fruit  tarts,  pudding,  sweet  omelette,  jellies,  blanc- 
mange, and  ice-cream  are  proper  desserts  for  luncheon ; 
also  luncheon  cake,  or  the  plainer  sorts  of  loaf-cake. 

It  is  well  in  all  households,  if  possible,  for  the  chil- 
dren to  breakfast  and  lunch  with  their  parents.  The 
teaching  of  table  manners  cannot  be  begun  too  soon. 
But  children    should   never  be   allowed   to   trouble 


276  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

guests.  If  not  old  enough  to  behave  well  at  table, 
guests  should  not  be  invited  to  the  meals  at  which 
they  are  present.  It  is  very  trying  to  parents,  guests, 
and  servants. 

When  luncheon  is  to  be  an  agreeable  social  repast, 
which  guests  are  expected  to  share,  then  the  children 
should  dine  elsewhere.  No  mother  succeeds  better  in 
the  rearing  of  her  children  than  she  who  has  a  nursery 
dining-room,  where,  under  her  own  eye,  her  bantlings 
are  properly  fed.  It  is  not  so  much  trouble,  either,  as 
one  would  think — and  no  matter  if  it  is  trouble. 

Table  mats  are  no  longer  used  in  stylish  houses, 
either  at  luncheon  or  at  dinner.  The  waiter  should 
have  a  coarse  towel  in  the  butler's  pantry,  and  wipe 
each  dish  before  he  puts  it  on  the  table. 

Menu-cards  are  never  used  at  luncheon.  Salt-eel-- 
lars  and  small  water  carafes  may  be  placed  up  and 
down  the  luncheon-table. 

In  our  country,  where  servants  run  away  and  leave 
their  mistress  when  she  is  expecting  guests,  it  is  well  to 
be  able  to  improvise  a  dish  from  such  materials  as  ma^ 
be  at  hand.  Nothing  is  better  than  a  cod  mayonnaise, 
A  cod  boiled  in  the  morning  is  a  friend  in  the  after- 
noon. When  it  is  cold  remove  the  skin  and  bones. 
For  sauce  put  some  thick  cream  in  a  porcelain  sauce- 
pan, and  thicken  it  with  corn-flour  which  has  b^en 
mixed  with  cold  water.  When  it  begins  to  boil,  stir 
in  the  beaten  yolks  of  two  eggs.  As  it  cools,  beat  it 
well  to  prevent  it  from  becoming  lumpy,  and  when 
nearly  cold,  stir  in  the  juice  of  two  lemons,  a  little 
tarragon  vinegar,  a  pinch  of  salt,  and  a  soup^on  of 

Cayenne  pepper.    Peel  and  slice  some  very  ripe  toma' 
20 


PALATABLE   COLD   DISHES.  277 

toes  or  cold  potatoes;  steep  them  in  vinegar,  with  Cay- 
enne, powdered  ginger,  and  plenty  of  salt;  lay  these 
aroand  the  fish,  and  cover  with  the  cream  sauce. 
This  makes  a  very  elegant  cold  dish  for  luncheon. 
The  tomatoes  or  potatoes  should  be  taken  out  of  the 
vinegar  and  carefully  drained  before  they  are  placed 
around  the  fish. 

Some  giblets  carefully  saved  from  the  ducks,  geese, 
or  chickens  of  yesterday's  dinner  should  be  stewed  in 
good  beef  stock,  and  then  set  away  to  cool.  Put  them 
in  a  stewpan  with  dried  split  pease,  and  boil  them 
until  they  are  reduced  to  pulp;  serve  this  mixture 
hot  on  toast,  and,  if  properly  flavored  with  salt  and 
pepper,  you  have  a  good  luncheon  dish. 

Vegetable  salads  of  beet-root,  potatoes,  and  lettuce 
are  always  delicious,  and  the  careful  housewife  who 
rises  early  in  the  morning  and  provides  a  round  of 
cold  corned  beef,  plenty  of  bread,  and  a  luncheon  cake, 
need  not  regret  the  ephemeral  cook,  or  fear  the  coming 
city  guest. 

Every  country  housewife  should  learn  to  garnish 
dishes  with  capers,  a  border  of  water  -  cresses,  plain 
parsley,  or  vegetables  cut  into  fancy  forms. 

Potatoes,  eggs,  and  cold  hashed  meats,  in  their  un- 
adorned simplicity,  do  not  come  under  the  head  of 
luxuries.  But  if  the  hashed  meat  is  carefully  warmed 
and  well  flavored,  and  put  on  toast,  if  the  potatoes  are 
chopped  and  browned  and  put  around  the  meat,  if  the 
eggs  are  boiled,  sliced,  and  laid  around  as  a  garnish, 
and  a  few  capers  and  a  border  of  parsley  added,  you 
have  a  Delmonico  ragout  that  Brillat-Savarin  would 
have  enjoyed. 


CHAPTER   XXXV. 

SUPPER-PARTIES. 

AFTER  a  long  retirement  into  the  shades,  the  snp- 
per-party,  the  "  sit-down  supper,"  once  so  dear  to  our 
ancestors,  has  been  again  revived.  Leaders  of  soci- 
ety at  Newport  have  found  that,  after  the  hearty 
lunch  which  everybody  eats  there  at  one  or  three 
o^cIock  the  twelve  or  fourteen  course  dinner  at  seven 
o^clock,  is  too  much ;  that  people  come  home  reluc- 
tantly from  their  ocean  drive  to  dress ;  and  last  sum- 
mer, in  consequence,  invitations  were  issued  for  sup- 
pers at  nine  or  half -past  nine.  The  suppers  at  pri- 
vate houses,  which  had  previously  fallen  out  of  fash- 
ion by  reason  of  the  convenience  and  popularity 
of  the  great  restaurants,  were  resumed.  The  very 
late  dinners  in  large  cities  have,  no  doubt,  also  pre- 
vented the  supper  from  being  a  favorite  entertain- 
ment; but  there  is  no  reason  (except  the  disap- 
proval of  doctors)  why  suppers  should  not  be  in 
fashion  in  the  country,  or  where  people  dine  early. 
In  England,  where  digestions  are  better  than  here, 
and  where  people  eat  more  heavily,  "  the  supper- tray  " 
is  an  institution,  and  suppers  are  generally  spread  in 
every  English  country  house;  and  we  may  acknowl- 
edge the  fact  that  the  supper — the  little  supper  fi(b 
dear  to  the  hearts  of  our  friends  of  the  last  century— 


t    A   CHAKINO'D 


THE  SBBVICE   POK   SUPPER  PABTIES.  279 

seems  to  be  coming  again  into  fashion  here.  Nothing 
can  be  more  significant  than  that  Harper* s  Bazar  re- 
ceives many  letters  asking  for  directions  for  setting 
the  table  for  supper,  and  for  the  proper  service  of 
the  meats  which  are  to  gayly  cover  the  cloth  and 
enrich  this  always  pleasant  repast. 

In  a  general  way  the  same  service  is  proper  at  a 
supper  as  at  a  dinner,  with  the  single  exception  of  the 
soup-plates.  Oysters  on  the  half-shell  and  bouillon 
served  in  cups  are  the  first  two  courses.  If  a  hot  sup- 
per is  served,  the  usual  dishes  are  sweetbreads,  with 
green  pease,  cdtelettes  d  la  Jlnanci^re,  and  some  sort 
of  game  in  season,  such  as  reed-birds  in  autumn,  can- 
vas-back ducks,  venison,  or  woodcock;  salads  of  every 
kind  are  in  order,  and  are  often  served  with  the  game. 
Then  ices  and  fruit  follow.  Cheese  is  rarely  offered, 
although  some  gourmets  insist  that  a  little  is  neces- 
sary with  the  salad. 

After  each  course  all  the  dishes  and  knives  and 
forks  that  have  been  in  use  are  replaced  by  fresh 
ones,  and  the  order  and  neatness  of  the  table  pre- 
served to  the  end  of  the  supper.  We  would  think  it 
unnecessary  to  mention  this  most  obvious  detail  of 
table  decorum,  had  not  several  correspondents  asked 
to  be  informed  concerning  it. 

There  is,  of  course,  the  informal  supper,  at  which 
the  dishes  are  all  placed  on  a  table  together,  as  for  a 
supper  at  a  large  ball.  Meats,  dressed  salmon,  chicken 
croquettes,  salads,  jellies,  and  ices  are  a  part  of  the 
alarming  milange  of  which  a  guest  is  expected  to 
partake,  with  only  such  discrimination  as  may  be 
dictated  by  prudence  or  inclination.     But  this  is  not 


280  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  "sit  down,"  elegant  supper  so  worthy  to  be  re- 
vived, with  its  courses  and  its  etiquette  and  its  brill- 
iant conversation,  which  was  the  delight  of  our  grand- 
mothers. 

A  large  centre-piece  of  flowers,  with  fruit  and  can- 
dies in  glass  compotiers,  and  high  forms  of  nougcUy 
and  other  sugar  devices,  are  suitable  standards  for 
an  elegant  supper-table.  Three  sorts  of  wine  may  be 
placed  on  the  table  in  handsome  decanters — sherry,  or 
Madeira,  and  Burgundy.  The  guests  find  oysters  on 
the  half -shell,  with  little  fish  forks,  all  ready  for  them ; 
and  a  recent  fashion  is  to  serve  oysters  dressed  with 
catsup  in  a  glass,  by  which  they  look  alarmingly  like 
claret  punch.  The  napkin  and  bread  are  laid  at  the  side 
or  in  front  of  each  plate.  These  plates  being  removed, 
other  plain  plates  are  put  in  their  place,  and  cups  of 
bouillon  are  served,  with  gold  teaspoons.  This  course 
passed,  other  plates  are  put  before  the  guest,  and  some 
chicken  croquettes  or  lobster  farci  is  passed.  Sherry  or 
Madeira  should  already  have  been  served  with  the 
oysters.  With  the  third  course  iced  champagne  is 
offered.  Then  follow  game,  or  fried  oysters,  salads, 
and  a  slice  of  p(U&  de  foie  gras^  with  perhaps  tomato 
salad;  and  subsequently  ices,  jellies,  fruit,  and  coffee, 
and  for  the  gentlemen  a  glass  of  brandy  or  cordial. 
Each  course  is  taken  away  before  the  next  is  pre- 
sented. ,  Birds  and  salad  are  served  together. 

There  is  a  much  simpler  supper  possible,  which  is 
often  offered  by  a  hospitable  hostess  after  the  opera 
or  theatre.  It  consists  of  a  few  oysters,  a  pair  of  cold 
roast  chickens,  a  dish  of  lobster  or  plain  salad,  with 
perhaps  a  glass  of  champagne,  and  one  sort  of  ice- 


r" 


AK   ENGLISH   SUPPEB.  281 

cream,  and  involves  very  little  trouble  or  eitpense,  and 
can  be  ss^ely  said  to  give  as  much  pleasure  as  the  more 
samptnous  feast.  This  informal  refreshment  is  often 
placed  on  a  red  table-cloth,  with  a  dish  of  oranges  and 
apples  in  the  centre  of  the  table,  and  one  servant  is 
sufficient.  There  should  be,  however,  the  same  eti- 
quette as  to  the  changing  of  plates,  knives,  and  forks, 
etc.,  as  in  the  more  elaborate  meal. 

The  good  house-keeper  who  gives  a  supper  every 
evening  to  her  hungry  family  may  learn  many  an 
appetizing  device  by  reading  English  books  of  cook- 
ery on  this  subject.  A  hashed  dish  of  the  meat  left 
from  dinner,  garnished  with  parsley,  a  potato  salad, 
a  few  slices  of  cold  corned  beef  or  ham,  some  pickled 
tongues,  bread,  butter,  and  cheese,  with  ale  or  cider, 
is  the  supper  offered  at  nearly  every  English  house  in 
the  country. 

The  silver  and  glass,  the  china  and  the  fruit,  should 
be  as  carefully  attended  to  as  for  a  dinner,  and  every- 
thing as  neat  and  as  elegant  as  possible,  even  at  an 
informal  supper. 

Oysters,  that  universal  food  of  the  American,  are  in- 
valuable for  a  supper.  Fried  oysters  diffuse  a  dis- 
agreeable odor  through  the  house,  therefore  they  are 
not  as  convenient  in  a  private  dwelling  as  scalloped 
oysters,  which  can  be  prepared  in  the  afternoon,  and 
which  send  forth  no  odor  when  cooking.  Broiled 
oysters  are  very  delicate,  and  are  a  favorite  dish  at  an 
informal  supper.  Broiled  birds  and  broiled  bones  are 
great  delicacies,  but  they  must  be  prepared  by  a  very 
good  cook.  Chicken  in  various  forms — hashed,  fried, 
cold,  or  in  salad — ^is  useful ;  veal  may  be  utilized  for 


282  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

all  these  things,  if  chicken  is  not  forthcoming.  The 
delicately  treated  chicken  livers  also  make  a  very 
good  dish,  and  mushrooms  on  toast  are  perfect  in 
their  season.  Hot  vegetables  are  never  served,  ex- 
cept green  pease  with  some  other  dish. 

Beef,  except  in  the  form  of  a  fillet,  is  never  seen 
at  a  "  sit-down"  supper,  and  even  a  fillet  is  rather  too 
heavy.  Lobster  in  every  form  is  a  favorite  supper 
delicacy,  and  the  grouse,  snipe,  woodcock,  teal,  canvas- 
back,  and  squab  on  toast,  are  always  in  order. 

In  these  days  of  Italian  warehouses  and  imported 
delicacies,  the  pressed  and  jellied  meats,  pdtisy  sau- 
sages, and  spiced  tongues  furnish  a  variety  for  a  cold 
supper.    No  supper  is  perfect  without  a  salad. 

The  Romans  made  much  of  this  meal,  and  among 
their  delicacies  were  the  ass,  the  dog,  and  the  snail, 
sea-hedgehogs,  oysters,  asparagus,  venison,  wild  boar, 
sea-nettles,  fish,  fowl,  game,  and  cakes.  The  Germans 
to-day  eat  wild  boar,  head-cheese,  pickles,  goose's  flesh 
dried,  sausages,  cheese,  and  salads  for  supper,  and 
wash  down  with  beer.  The  French,  under  Louis  XIV., 
began  to  make  the  supper  their  most  finished  meal. 
They  used  gold  and  silver  dishes,  crystal  cups  and 
goblets,  exquisite  grapes  crowned  the  ipergne,  and 
choicest  fruits  were  served  in  golden  dishes.  The 
cooks  sent  up  piquant  sauces  for  the  delicately  cooked 
meats,  the  wines  were  drunk  hot  and  spiced.  The 
latter  are  taken  iced  now.  Many  old  house-keepers, 
however,  serve  a  rich,  hot -mulled  port  for  a  winter 
supper.  It  is  a  delicious  and  not  unhealthy  beverage, 
and  can  be  easily  prepared. 

The  doctors,  as  we  have  said,  condemn  a  late  sup- 


THE   SUPPER   MERELY   A  LUXURY.  283 

per,  but  the  pros  and  cons  of  this  subject  admit  of 
discussion.  Every  one,  indeed,  must  decide  for  him- 
self. Few  people  can  undergo  excitement  of  an  even- 
ing— an  opera  or  play  or  concert,  or  even  the  pleasant 
conversation  of  an  evening  party — without  feeling 
hungry.  With  many,  if  such  an  appetite  is  not  ap- 
peased it  will  cause  sleeplessness.  To  eat  lightly  and 
to  drink  lightly  at  supper  is  a  natural  instinct  with 
people  if  they  expect  to  go  to  bed  at  once ;  but  ex- 
citement is  a  great  aid  to  digestion,  and  a  heavy  sup- 
per sometimes  gives  no  inconvenience. 

Keats  seems  to  have  had  a  vision  of  a  modem  sup- 
per-table when  he  wrote : 

"soft  he  set 
A  table,  and  .  .  .  threw  thereon 
A  cloth  of  woven  crimson,  gold,  and  jet; 

.  .  .  from  forth  the  closet  brought  a  heap 
Of  candied  apple,  quince,  and  plum,  and  gourd, 
With  jellies  soother  than  the  creamy  curd, 
And  lucent  syrops,  tinct  with  cinnamon. 
Manna  and  dates: .  .  .  spiced  dainties  every  one/' 

The  supper  being  a  meal  purely  of  luxury  should 
be  very  dainty.  Everything  should  be  tasteful  and 
appetizing ;  the  wines  should  be  excellent,  the  claret 
not  too  cool,  the  champagne  frappi^  or  almost  so,  the 
Madeira  and  the  port  the  temperature  of  the  room, 
and  the  sherry  cool.  K  punch  is  served,  it  should  be 
at  the  end  of  the  supper.  At  small,  unpretentious 
suppers,  as  at  card-parties,  supper  is  often  served  at 
small  tables,  exactly  as  it  would  be  at  one  large  one. 
Each  table  having  its  own  decorations,  but  this  re- 
quires very  large  rooms,  and  is  much  trouble. 


284  MANN  BBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Many  indulgent  hostesses  now  allow  3'onng  gentle- 
men to  smoke  a  cigarette  at  the  supper-table,  after 
the  eating  and  drinking  is  at  an  end,  rather  than 
break  up  the  delicious  flow  of  conversation  which  at 
the  close  of  a  supper  seems  to  be  at  its  best.  This, 
however,  should  not  be  done  unless  every  lady  at  the 
table  acquiesces,  as  the  smell  of  tobacco-smoke  some- 
times gives  women  an  unpleasant  sensation. 

Suppers  at  balls  and  parties  include  now  all  sorts 
of  cold  and  hot  dishes,  even  a  haunch  of  venison,  and 
a  fillet  of  beef,  with  truffles ;  a  cold  salmon  dressed 
with  a  green  sauce;  oysters  in  every  form  except 
raw — ^they  are  not  served  at  balls;  salads  of  every 
description ;  boned  and  truffled  turkey  and  chicken ; 
pdt^  of  game ;  cold  partridges  and  grouse ;  pdti  de 
foie  gras;  our  American  specialty,  hot  canvas-back 
duck ;  and  the  Baltimore  turtle,  terrapin,  oyster  and 
game  patties ;  bonbons,  ices,  biscuits,  creams,  jellies, 
and  fruits,  with  champagne,  and  sometimes,  of  later 
years,  claret  and  Moselle  cup,  and  champagne-cup — 
beverages  which  were  not  until  lately  known  in  Amer- 
ica, except  at  gentlemen's  clubs  and  on  board  yachts, 
but  which  are  very  agreeable  mixtures,  and  gaining 
in  favor.  Every  lady  should  know  how  to  mix  cup, 
as  it  is  convenient  both  for  supper  and  lawn-tennis 
parties,  and  is  preferable  in  its  effects  to  the  heavier 
article  so  common  at  parties — ^punch. 


\ 


CHAPTER   XXXVI. 

SIMPLE   DINNEBS. 

To  achieve  a  perfect  little  dinner  with  small  means 
at  command  is  said  to  be  a  great  intellectual  feat. 
Dinner  means  so  much — a  French  cook,  several  ac- 
complished servants,  a  very  well-stocked  china  closet, 
plate  chest,  and  linen  chest,  and  flowers,  wines,  bon- 
bons, and  so  on.  But  we  have  known  many  simple 
little  dinners  given  by  young  couples  with  small  means 
which  were  far  more  enjoyable  than  the  gold  and  sil- 
ver "  diamond  "  dinners. 

Given,  first,  a  knowledge  of  how  to  do  it ;  a  good 
cook  (not  a  cordon  bleu) ;  a  neat  maid-servant  in  cap 
and  apron — if  the  lady  can  carve  (which  all  ladies 
should  know  how  to  do) ;  if  the  gentleman  has  a  good 
bottle  of  claret,  and  another  of  champagne — or  neither, 
if  he  disapproves  of  them;  if  the  house  is  neatly  and 
quietly  furnished,  if  the  welcome  is  cordial,  and  there 
is  no  noise,  no  fussy  pretence — ^these  little  dinners  are 
very  enjoyable,  and  every  one  is  anxious  to  be  invited 
to  them. 

But  people  are  frightened  off  from  simple  entertain- 
ments by  the  splendor  of  the  great  luxurious  dinners 
given  by  the  very  rich.  It  is  a  foolish  fear.  The  lady 
who  wishes  to  give  a  simple  but  good  dinner  has  first 
to  consult  what  is  seasonahle.   She  must  offer  the  din- 


^86 


MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 


ner  of  the  season^  not  seek  for  those  strawberries  in 
February  which  are  always  sour,  nor  peaches  in  June, 
nor  pease  at  Christmas.     Forced  fruit  is  never  good. 
For  an  autumnal  small  dinner  here  is  a  very  good 


menu : 

Sherry. 

Oysters  on  the  half-shell. 
Soupe  d.  la  Heine. 

Chablis, 

Blue-fish,  broiled. 

Hock, 

Filet  de  Boeuf  aux  Champi- 

■ 

guons. 

Champagne. 

Or, 

Roast  Beef  or  Mutton, 

Claret, 

Roast  Partridges. 

Burgundy, 

Salad  of  Tomatoes. 

or 

Cheese. 

Sher: 

ry. 

Ices,  Jellies,  Fruit,  Coffee,  Liqueurs. 

Of  course,  in  these  days,  claret  and  champagne  are 
considered  quite  enough  for  a  small  dinner,  and  one 
need  not  offer  the  other  wines.  Or,  as  Mrs.  Hender- 
son says  in  her  admirable  cook-book,  a  very  good  din- 
ner may  be  given  with  claret  alone.  A  table  claret  to 
add  to  the  water  is  almost  the  only  wine  drunk  in 
France  or  Italy  at  an  every-day  dinner.  Of  course  no 
wine  at  all  is  expected  at  the  tables  of  those  whose 
principles  forbid  alcoholic  beverages,  and  who  never- 
theless give  excellent  dinners  without  them. 

A  perfectly  fresh  white  damask  table-cloth,  napkins 
of  equally  delicate  fabric,  spotless  glass  and  silver, 
pretty  china,  perhaps  one  high  glass  dish  crowned 
with  fruit  and  flowers — sometimes  only  the  fruit — 
chairs  that  are  comfortable,  a  room  not  too  warm,  the 
dessert  served  in  good  taste,  but  not  overloaded — this 
is  all  one  needs.  The  essentials  of  a  good  dinner  are 
but  few. 


THE    SIMPLE    DINNEBS.  287 

The  informal  dinner  invitations  should  be  written  by 
the  lady  herself  in  the  first  person.  She  may  send  for 
her  friends  only  a  few  days  before  she  wants  them  to 
come.  She  should  be  ready  five  minutes  before  her 
guests  arrive,  and  in  the  parlor,  serene  and  cool,  "mis- 
tress of  herself,  though  china  fall."  She  should  see 
herself  that  the  dinner-table  is  properly  laid,  the  cham- 
pagne and  sherry  thoroughly  cooled,  the  places  marked 
out,  and,  above  all,  the  guests  properly  seated. 

"  Ay,  there's  the  rub."  To  invite  the  proper  people 
to  meet  each  other,  to  seat  them  so  that  they  can  have 
an  agreeable  conversation,  that  is  the  trying  and  cru% 
cial  test.  Little  dinners  are  social;  little  dinners  are 
informal;  little  dinners  make  people  friends.  And  we 
do  not  mean  little  in  regard  to  numbers  or  to  the 
amount  of  good  food;  we  mean  simple  dinners. 

All  the  good  management  of  a  young  hostess  or  an 
old  one  cannot  prevent  accident,  however.  The  cook 
may  get  drunk;  the  waiter  may  fall  and  break  a  dozen 
of  the  best  plates;  the  husband  may  be  kept  down 
town  late,  and  be  dressing  in  the  very  room  where 
the  ladies  are  to  take  off  their  cloaks  (American  houses 
are  frightfully  inconvenient  in  this  respect).  All  that 
the  hostess  can  do  is  to  preserve  an  invincible  calm, 
and  try  not  to  care — at  least  not  to  show  that  she 
cares.  But  after  a  few  attempts  the  giving  of  a  sim- 
ple dinner  becomes  very  easy,  and  it  is  the  best  com- 
pliment to  a  stranger.  A  gentleman  travelling  to  see 
the  customs  of  a  country  is  much  more  pleased  to  be 
asked  to  a  modest  repast  where  he  meets  his  hostess 
and  her  family  than  to  a  state  dinner  where  he  is  tick- 
eted off  and  made  merely  one  at  a  banquet. 


288  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

Then  the  limitations  of  a  dinner  can  be  considered. 
It  is  not  kind  to  keep  guests  more  than  an  hour,  or 
two  hours  at  the  most,  at  table.  French  dinners  rarely 
exceed  an  hour.  '  English  dinners  are  too  long  and  too 
heavy,  although  the  conversation  is  apt  to  be  brilliant. 
At  a  simple  dinner  one  can  make  it  short. 

It  is  better  to  serve  coffee  in  the  drawing-room,  al- 
though if  the  host  and  hostess  are  agreed  on  this  point, 
and  the  ladies  can  stand  smoke,  it  is  served  at  table, 
and  the  gentlemen  light  their  cigarettes.  In  some 
houses  smoking  is  forbidden  in  the  dining-room. 

The  practice  of  the  ladies  retiring  first  is  an  English 
one,  and  the  French  consider  it  barbarous.  Whether 
we  are  growing  more  French  or  not,  we  seem  to  be 
beginning  to  do  away  with  the  separation  after  dinner. 

It  is  the  custom  at  informal  dinners  for  the  lady  to 
help  the  soup  and  for  .the  gentleman  to  carve;  there- 
fore the  important  dishes  are  put  on  the  table.  But 
the  servants  who  wait  should  be  taught  to  have  side- 
tables  and  sideboards  so  well  placed  that  anything 
can  be  removed  immediately  after  it  is  finished.  A 
screen  is  a  very  useful  adjunct  in  a  dining-room. 

Inefficient  servants  have  a  disagreeable  habit  of  run- 
ning in  and  out  of  the  dining-room  in  search  of  some- 
thing that  should  have  been  in  readiness;  therefore 
the  lady  of  the  house  had  better  see  beforehand  that 
French  rolls  are  placed  under  every  napkin,  and  a 
silver  basket  full  of  them  ready  in  reserve.  Also  large 
slices  of  fresh  soft  bread  should  be  on  the  side  table, 
as  every  one  does  not  like  hard  bread,  and  should  be 
offered  a  choice. 

The  powdered  sugar,  the  butter,  the  caster,  the 


BEFORE   THE   DESSBBT.  289 

olives,  the  relishes,  should  all  be  thought  of  and  placed 
where  each  can  be  readily  found.  Servants  should  be 
taught  to  be  noiseless,  and  to  avoid  a  hurried  manner. 
In  placing  anything  on  or  taking  anything  off  a  table 
a  servant  should  never  reach  across  a  person  seated  at 
table  for  that  purpose.  However  hurried  the  servant 
may  be,  or  however  near  at  hand  the  article,  she 
should  be  taught  to  walk  quietly  to  the  left  hand  of 
each  guest  to  remove  things,  while  she  should  pass 
everything  in  the  same  manner,  giving  the  guest  the 
option  of  using  his  right  hand  with  which  to  help  him- 
self. Servants  should  have  a  silver  or  plated  knife- 
tray  to  remove  the  gravy-spoon  and  carving  knife  and 
fork  before  removing  the  platter.  All  the  silver  should 
be  thus  removed;  it  makes  a  table  much  neater.  Ser- 
vants should  be  taught  to  put  a  plate  and  spoon  and 
fork  at  every  place  before  each  course. 

After  the  meats  and  before  the  pie,  pudding,  or  ices, 
the  table  should  be  carefully  cleared  of  everything  but 
fruit  and  flowers  —  all  plates,  glasses,  carafes,  salt- 
cellars, knives  and  forks,  and  whatever  pertains  to  the 
dinner  should  be  removed,  and  the  table-cloth  well 
cleared  with  brush  or  crumb-scraper  on  a  silver  waiter, 
and  then  the  plates,  glasses,  spoons,  and  forks  laid  at 
each  plate  for  the  dessert.  If  this  is  done  every  day, 
it  adds  to  a  common  dinner,  and  trains  the  waitress  to 
her  work. 

The  dinner,  the  dishes,  and  the  plates  should  all  be 
hot.  The  ordinary  plate-warmer  is  now  superseded 
by  something  far  better,  in  which  a  hot  brick  is  intro- 
duced. The  most  rechercM  dinner  is  spoiled  if  hot 
mutton  is  put  on  a  cold   plate.     The  silver  dishes 


290  HANNEBS    AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 

should  be  heated  by  hot  water  in  the  kitchen^  the  hot 
dinner  plates  must  be  forthcoming  from  the  plate- 
warmer^  nor  must  the  roasts  or  entries  be  allowed  to 
cool  on  their  way  from  the  kitchen  to  the  dining-room. 
A  servant  should  have  a  thumb  napkin  with  which  to 
hand  the  hot  dishes,  and  a  clean  towel  behind  the 
screen  with  which  to  wipe  the  platters  which  have 
been  sent  up  on  the  dumb-waiter.  On  these  trifles 
depend  the  excellence  of  the  simple  dinner. 


CHAPTER  XXXVIL 

THE   SMALL-TALK   OF   SOCIETY. 

One  of  the  cleverest  questions  asked  lately  is,"  What 
shall  I  talk  about  at  a  dinner-party  ?"  Now  if  there 
is  a  woman  in  the  world  who  does  not  know  what  to 
talk  about,  is  it  not  a  very  difficult  thing  to  tell  her  ? 
One  can  almost  as  well  answer  such  a  question  as, 
"  What  shall  I  see  out  of  my  eyes  ?" 

Yet  our  young  lady  is  not  the  first  person  who  has 
dilated  of  late  years  upon  the  **  decay  of  conversa- 
tion,'* nor  the  only  one  who  has  sometimes  felt  the 
heaviness  of  silence  descend  upon  her  at  a  modem 
dinner.  No  doubt  this  same  great  and  unanswerable 
question  has  been  asked  by  many  a  traveller  who,  for 
the  first  time,  has  sat  next  an  Englishman  of  good 
family  (perhaps  even  with  a  handle  to  his  name),  who 
has  answered  all  remarks  by  the  proverbial  but  un- 
sympathetic "  Oh  !"  Indeed,  it  is  to  be  feared  that  it 
is  a  fashion  for  young  men  nowadays  to  appear  list- 
less, to  conceal  what  ideas  they  may  happen  to  have, 
to  try  to  appear  stupid,  if  they  are  not  so,  throwing 
all  the  burden  of  the  conversation  on  the  lively,  viva- 
cious, good-humored  girl,  or  the  more  accomplished 
married  woman,  who  may  be  the  next  neighbor* 
Women^s  wits  are  proverbially  quick,  they  talk  read- 
ily, they  read  and  think  more  than  the  average  young 


292  BfANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

man  of  fashion  is  prone  to  do ;  the  result  is  a  quick 
and  a  ready  tongue.  Yet  the  art  of  keeping  up  a  flow 
of  agreeable  and  incessant  small-talk,  not  too  heavy, 
.  not  pretentious  or  egotistical,  not  scandalous,  and  not 
commonplace,  is  an  art  that  is  rare,  and  hardly  to  be 
prized  too  highly. 

It  has  been  well  said  that  there  is  a  great  difference 
between  a  brilliant  conversationalist  and  a  ready  small- 
talker.  The  former  is  apt  to  be  feared,  and  to  pro- 
duce a  silence  around  him.  We  all  remember  Macau- 
lay  and  "his  brilliant  flashes  of  silence."  We  all 
know  that  there  are  talkers  so  distinguished  that  you 
must  not  ask  both  of  them  to  dinner  on  th^  same  day 
lest  they  silence  each  other,  while  we  know  others 
who  bring  to  us  just  an  average  amount  of  tact,  fa- 
cility of  expression,  geniality,  and  a  pleasant  gift  at 
a  quotation,  a  bit  of  repartee  ;  such  a  person  we  call 
a  ready  small-talker,  a  "  most  agreeable  person,"  one 
who  frightens  nobody  and  who  has  a  great  popularity. 
Such  a  one  has  plenty  of  small  change,  very  useful 
and  more  easy  to  handle  than  the  very  large  check 
of  the  conversationalist,  who  is  a  millionaire  as  to  his 
memory,  learning,  and  power  of  rhetoric,  but  who  can- 
not and  will  not  indulge  in  small-talk.  We  respect 
the  one  ;  we  like  the  other.  The  first  point  to  be  con- 
sidered, if  one  has  no  inspiration  in  regard  to  small- 
talk,  would  seem  to  be  this  ;  try  to  consider  what 
subject  would  most  interest  the  person  next  to  you. 
There  are  people  who  have  no  other  talent,  whom 
we  never  call  clever,  but  who  do  possess  this  instinct, 
and  who  can  talk  most  sympathetically,  while  know- 
ing scarcely  anything  about  the  individual  addressed. 
21 


DINNEB   CONVERSATION.  293 

There  are  others  who  are  deficient  in  this  gift,  who 
can  only  say  "  Really  "  and  "  Indeed."  These  "  Real- 
ly" and  "Indeed"  and  "Oh"  people  are  the  despair 
of  the  dinner-giver.  The  gay,  chatty,  light-hearted 
people  who  can  glide  into  a  conversation  easily,  are 
the  best  of  dinner-table  companions,  even  if  they  do 
sometimes  talk  too  mach  about  the  weather  and  such 
commonplaces. 

It  is  a  good  plan  for  a  shy  young  person,  who  has 
no  confidence  in  her  own  powers  of  conversation,  to 
fortify  herself  with  several  topics  of  general  interest, 
such  as  the  last  new  novel,  the  last  opera,  the  best  and 
newest  gallery  of  pictures,  or  the  flower  in  fashion ; 
and  to  invent  a  formula,  if  words  are  wanting  in  her 
organization,  as  to  how  these  subjects  should  be  intro- 
duced and  handled.  Many  ideas  will  occur  to  her, 
and  she  can  silently  arrange  them.  Then  she  may 
keep  these  as  a  reserve  force,  using  them  only  when 
the  conversation  drops,  or  she  is  unexpectedly  brought 
to  the  necessity  of  keeping  up  the  ball  alone.  Some 
people  use  this  power  rather  unfairly,  leading  the  con- 
versation up  to  the  point  where  they  wish  to  enter; 
but  these  are  not  the  people  who  need  help — they  can 
take  care  of  themselves.  After  talking  awhile  in  a 
perfunctory  manner,  many  a  shy  young  person  has 
been  astonished  by  a  sudden  rush  of  brilliant  ideas, 
and  finds  herself  talking  naturally  and  well  without 
effort.  It  is  like  the  launching  of  a  ship;  certain 
blocks  of  shyness  and  habits  of  mental  reserve  are 
knocked  away,  and  the  brave  frigate  Small-  Talk  takes 
the  water  like  a  thing  of  life. 

It  demands  much  tact  and  cleverness  to  touch  upon 


294  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  ordinary  events  of  the  day  at  a  mixed  dinner^  be- 
cause, in  the  first  place,  nothing  should  be  said  which 
can  hurt  any  one's  feelings — politics,  religion,  and  the 
stock  market  being  generally  ruled  out;  nor  should 
one  talk  about  that  which  everybody  knows,  for  such 
small-talk  is  impertinent  and  irritating.  No  one  wish- 
es to  be  told  that  which  he  already  understands  bet- 
ter, perhaps,  than  we  do.  Nor  are  matters  of  too  pri- 
vate a  nature,  such  as  one's  health,  or  one's  servants, 
or  one's  disappointments,  still  less  one's  good  deeds, 
to  be  talked  about. 

Commonplace  people  also  sometimes  try  society 
very  much  by  their  own  inane  and  wholly  useless  crit- 
icisms. Supposing  we  take  up  music,  it  is  far  more 
agreeable  to  hear  a  person  say, "  How  do  you  like  Nils- 
son  ?"  than  to  hear  him  say, "  I  like  Nilsson,  and  I  have 
these  reasons  for  liking  her."  Let  that  come  after- 
wards. When  a  person  really  qualified  to  discuss  art- 
ists, or  literary  people,  or  artistic  points,  talks  sensi- 
bly and  in  a  chatty,  easy  way  about  them,  it  is  the 
perfection  of  conversation;  but  when  one  wholly  and 
utterly  incompetent  to  do  so  lays  down  the  law  on 
such  subjects  he  or  she  becomes  a  bore.  But  if  the 
young  person  who  does  not  know  how  to  talk  treats 
these  questions  interrogatively,  ten  chances  to  one, 
unieSB  «he  is  seated  next  an  imbecile,  she  will  get 
some  very  giJSd  4k&d  light  small-talk  out  of  her  next 
neighbor.  She  niay  give  a  modest  personal  opinion, 
or  narrate  her  own  sensations  at  the  opera,  if  she  can 
do  so  without  egotism,  and  she  should  always  show  a 
desire  to  be  answered.  If  music  and  literature  fail, 
}et  her  try  the  subjects  of  dancing,  polo-playing,  and 


"l'espbit  d'sscalibb."  295 

lawn-tennis.  A  very  good  story  was  told  of  a  bright 
New  York  girl  and  a  very  haw — haw — stupid  Eng- 
lishman at  a  Newport  dinner.  The  Englishman  had 
said  "  Oh/'  and  "  Really,"  and  "  Quite  so,"  to  every- 
thing which  this  bright  girl  had  asked  him,  when 
finally,  very  tired  and  very  angry,  she  said, "  Were 
you  ever  thrown  in  the  hunting-field,  and  was  your 
head  hurt  ?"  The  man  turned  and  gazed  admiringly. 
"  Now  you've  got  me,"  was  the  reply.  And  he  talked 
all  the  rest  of  the  dinner  of  his  croppers.  Perhaps  it 
may  not  be  necessary  or  useful  often  to  unlock  so  rich 
a  ripertoire  as  this ;  but  it  was  a  very  welcome  relief 
to  this  young  lady  not  to  do  all  the  talking  during 
three  hours. 

After  a  first  introduction  there  is,  no  doubt,  some 
difficulty  in  starting  a  conversation.  The  weather,  the 
newspaper,  the  last  accident,  the  little  dog,  the  bric-^- 
brac,  the  love  of  horses,  etc.,  are  good  and  unfailing 
resources,  except  that  very  few  people  have  the  readi- 
ness to  remember  this  wealth  of  subjects  at  once.  To 
recollect  a  thing  apropos  of  the  moment  is  the  gift  of 
ready-witted  people  alone,  and  how  many  remember, 
hours  after,  a  circumstance  which  would  have  told  at 
that  particular  moment  of  embarrassment  when  one 
stood  twiddling  his  hat,  and  another  twisted  her  hand- 
kerchief. The  French  call  ^^Peyyrit  d^escalier^^ — the 
"  wit  of  the  staircase  " — the  gift  of  remembering  the 
good  thing  you  might  have  said  in  the  drawing-room, 
just  too  late,  as  you  go  up-stairs.  However,  two  new 
people  generally  overcome  this  moment  of  embarrass- 
ment, and  then  some  simple  offer  of  service,  such  as, 
"  Can  I  get  you  a  chair  ?'    **^I8  that  window  too  cold?" 


296  MANNEBS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

"  Can  I  bring  you  some  tea  ?"  occurs,  and  then  the 
small-talk  follows. 

The  only  curious  part  of  this  subject  is  that  so  little 
skill  is  shown  by  the  average  talker  in  weaving  facts 
and  incidents  into  his  treatment  of  subjects  of  every- 
day character,  and  that  he  brings  so  little  intelligence 
to  bear  on  his  discussion  of  them.  It  is  not  given  to 
every  one  to  be  brilliant  and  amusing,  but,  with  a  lit- 
tle thought,  passing  events  may  always  give  rise  to 
pleasant  conversation.  We  have  lately  been  visited 
by  a  succession  of  brilliant  sunsets,  concerning  which 
there  have  been  various  theories.  This  has  been  a 
charming  subject  for  conversation,  yet  at  the  average 
dinner  we  have  heard  but  few  persons  mention  this 
interesting  topic.  Perhaps  one  is  afraid  to  start  a 
conversation  upon  celestial  scenery  at  a  modern  din- 
ner. The  things  may  seem  too  remote,  yet  it  would 
not  be  a  bad  idea. 

Oossip  may  promote  small-talk  among  those  who 
are  very  intimate  and  who  live  in  a  narrow  circle. 
But  how  profoundly  uninteresting  is  it  to  an  out- 
sider!— how  useless  to  the  real  man  or  woman  of  the 
world!  That  is,  unless  it  is  literary,  musical,  artistic 
gossip.  Scandal  ruins  conversation,  and  should  never 
be  included  even  in  a  definition  of  small-talk.  Polite, 
humorous,  vivacious,  speculative,  dry,  sarcastic,  epi- 
grammatic, intellectual,  and  practical  people  all  meet 
around  a  dinner-table,  and  much  agreeable  small-talk 
should  be  the  result.  It  is  unfortunately  true  that 
there  is  sometimes  a  failure  in  this  respect.  Let  a 
hostess  remember  one  thing:  there  is  no  chance  for 
vivacity  of  intellect  if  heir  room  is  too  warm ;  her  flow- 


tC  /^r^^Tx    m*XT^    »» 


GOOD  TALK.  297 

ers  and  her  guests  will  wilt  together.  There  are  those 
also  who  prefer  her  good  dishes  to  talking,  and  the  old 
gentleman  in  Punch  who  rebuked  his  lively  neighbor 
for  talking  while  there  were  "  such  entries  coming  in  " 
has  his  counterparts  among  ourselves. 

Some  shy  talkers  have  a  sort  of  empirical  way  of 
starting  a  subject  with  a  question  like  this:  "Do  you 
know  the  meaning  and  derivation  of  the  term  *  bric-li- 
brac  V  "  "  Do  you  believe  in  ghosts  ?"  "  What  do  you 
think  of  a  ladies'  club  ?"  "  Do  you  believe  in  chance  ?" 
"  Is  there  more  talent  displayed  in  learning  the  violin 
than  in  playing  a  first-rate  game  of  chess  ?"  etc. 

These  are  intellectual  conundrums,  and  may  be  re- 
peated indefinitely  where  the  person  questioned  is  dis- 
posed to  answer.  With  a  flow  of  good  spirits  and  the 
feeling  of  ease  which  comes  from  a  knowledge  of  soci- 
ety, such  questions  often  bring  out  what  Margaret 
Fuller  called  "  good  talk." 

But  if  your  neighbor  says  "Oh,"  "Really,"  "In- 
deed," "  I  don't  know,"  then  the  best  way  is  to  be 
purely  practical,  and  talk  of  the  chairs  and  tables,  and 
the  existing  order  of  things,  the  length  of  trains,  or 
the  shortness  of  the  dresses  of  the  young  ladies  at  the 
last  ball,  the  prevailing  idea  that  "ice-water  is  un- 
healthy," and  other  such  extremely  easy  ideas.  The 
sound  of  one's  own  voice  is  generally  very  sweet  in 
one's  own  ears;  let  every  lady  try  to  cultivate  a  pleas- 
ant voice  for  those  of  other  people,  and  also  an  agree- 
able and  accurate  pronunciation.  The  veriest  noth- 
ings sound  well  when  thus  spoken.  The  best  way  to 
learn  how  to  talk  is,  of  course,  to  learn  how  to  think: 
from  full  wells  one  brings  up  buckets  full  of  clear  wa- 


298  MANKBBS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

ter,  bat  there  can  be  small-talk  without  much  thought. 
The  fact  remains  that  brilliant  thinkers  and  scholars 
are  not  always  good  talkers,  and  there  is  no  harm  in 
the  cultivation  of  the  art  of  conversation,  no  harm  in  a 
.little  '^  cramming,''  if  a  person  is  afraid  that  language 
is  not  his  strong  point.  The  merest  trifle  generally 
suffices  to  start  the  flow  of  small-talk,  and  the  person 
who  can  use  this  agreeable  weapon  of  society  is  always 
popular  and  very  much  courted. 


CHAPTER  XXXVIII. 

OABDEN-PABTIES. 

Many  of  our  correspondents  ask  as,  *^  What  shall 
we  order  for  a  garden-party  ?"  We  must  answer  that 
the  first  thing  to  order  is  a  fine  day.  In  these  fortu- 
nate days  the  morning  revelations  of  Old  Probabili- 
ties give  us  an  almost  exact  knowledge  of  what  of 
rain  or  sunshine  the  future  has  in  store. 

A  rain  or  tornado  which  starts  from  Alaska,  where 
the  weather  is  made  nowadays,  will  almost  certainly 
be  here  on  the  third  day ;  so  the  hostess  who  is  will- 
ing to  send  a  hasty  bidding  can  perhaps  avoid  rain. 
It  is  the  custom,  however,  to  send  invitations  for  these 
garden-parties  a  fortnight  before  they  are  to  occur. 
At  Newport  they  are  arranged  weeks  beforehand, 
and  if  the  weather  is  bad  the  entertainment  takes 
place  in-doors. 

When  invitations  are  given  to  a  suburban  place  to 
which  people  are  expected  to  go  by  rail  or  any  public 
means  of  conveyance,  a  card  should  also  be  sent  stat- 
ing the  hours  at  which  trains  leave,  which  train  or 
boat  to  take,  and  any  other  information  that  may  add 
to  the  comfort  of  the  guest.  These  invitations  are 
engraved,  and  printed  on  note-paper,  which  should  be 
perfectly  plain,  or  bear  the  family  crest  in  water-mark 
only,  and  read  somewhat  as  follows : 


300  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Edtoin  Smith 

request  the  pleasure  of 

Mr.  and  Mrs.  Conway  Brovm's 

company  on  Tuesday,  the  thirtieth  of  July, 

at  four  o'clock. 

Garden  Party.  TonJcers,  New  Yorh 

Then,  on  the  card  enclosed,  might  be  printed, 

Carriages  udU  meet  tJie  3.30  train  from  Grand  Central  Depot, 

If  the  invitation  is  to  a  country  place  not  easy  ol 
access,  still  more  explicit  directions  should  be  given. 
•  The  garden-party  proper  is  always  held  entirely  in 
the  open  air.  In  England  the  refreshments  are  served 
under  a  marquee  in  the  grounds,  and  in  that  inclem- 
ent clime  no  one  seems  to  think  it  a  hardship  if  a 
shower  of  rain  comes  down,  and  ruins  fine  silks  and 
beautiful  bonnets.  But  in  our  fine  sunshiny  land  we 
are  very  much  afraid  of  rain,  and  our  malarious  soil 
is  not  considered  always  safe,  so  that  the  thoughtful 
hostess  often  has  her  table  in-doors,  piazzas  filled  with 
chairs,  Turkey  rugs  laid  down  on  the  grass,  and  every 
preparation  made  that  the  elderly  aqd  timid  and  rheu- 
matic may  enjoy  the  garden-party  without  endanger- 
ing their  health. 

A  hostess  should  see  that  her  lawn-tennis  ground  is 
in  order,  the  lawn -tennis  laid  out,  and  the  archery 
tools  all  in  place,  so  that  her  guests  may  amuse  them- 
selves with  these  different  games.  Sometimes  balls  and 
races  are  added  to  these  amusements,  and  often  a  plat- 
form is  laid  for  dancing,  if  the  turf  be  not  sufficiently 
dry.  A  band  of  musicians  is  essential  to  a  very  elegant 
and  successful  garden-party,  and  a  varied  selection  of 
music,  grave  and  gay,  should  be  rendered.    Although 


THB  GARDEN-PARTY  PROPER.         301 

at  a  dinner-party  there  is  reason  to  fear  that  an  or 
chestra  may  be  a  nuisance,  at  a  garden-party  the 
open  air  and  space  are  sufficient  guarantees  against 
this  danger. 

If  the  hostess  wishes  her  entertainment  to  be  served 
out-of-doors,  of  course  all  the  dishes  must  be  cold. 
Salads,  cold  birds,  and  ham,  tongue,  and  pdti  de  fou 
gras,  cold  pdt&s,  and  salmon  dressed  with  a  green  sauce, 
jellies,  Charlottes,  ices,  cakes,  punch,  and  champagne, 
are  the  proper  things  to  offer.  A  cup  of  hot  tea 
should  be  always  ready  in  the  house  for  those  who 
desire  it. 

At  a  garden-party  proper  the  hostess  receives  out  on 
the  lawn,  wearing  her  hat  or  bonnet,  and  takes  it  for 
granted  that  the  party  will  be  entirely  out-of-doors. 
The  carriages,  however,  drive  up  to  the  door,  and  the 
ladies  can  go  up-stairs  and  deposit  their  wraps  and 
brush  off  the  dust,  if  they  wish.  A  servant  should  be 
in  attendance  to  show  the  guests  to  that  part  of  the 
gi'ounds  in  which  the  lady  is  receiving. 

At  Newport  these  parties  are  generally  conducted 
on  the  principle  of  an  afternoon  tea,  and  after  the 
mistress  of  the  house  has  received  her  guests,  they 
wander  through  the  grounds,  and,  when  weary,  return 
to  the  house  for  refreshment.  Pdt&  de  foie  gras^  sand- 
wiches, cold  birds,  plates  of  delicious  jellied  tongue, 
lobster  salad,  and  sometimes  hot  cakes  and  hot  broiled 
chicken,  are  served  at  these  high  teas.  Coffee  and  tea 
and  wine  are  also  offered,  but  these  are  at  mixed  en- 
tertainments which  have  grown  out  of  the  somewhat 
unusual  hours  observed  at  Newport  in  the  season. 

There  is  a  sort  of  public  garden-party  in  this  coun 


302  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

try  which  prevails  on  semi-official  occasions,  such  as 
the  laying  of  a  foundation-stone  for  a  public  building, 
the  birthday  of  a  prominent  individual,  a  Sunday- 
school  festival,  or  an  entertainment  given  to  a  public 
functionary.  These  are  banquets,  and  for  them  the 
invitations  are  somewhat  general,  and  should  be  of- 
ficially issued.  For  the  private  garden-party  it  is 
proper  for  a  lady  to  ask  for  an  invitation  for  a  friend, 
as  there  id  always  plenty  of  room;  but  it  should  also 
be  observed  that  where  this  request  is  not  answered 
affirmatively,  offence  should  not  be  taken.  It  is  some- 
times very  difficult  for  a  lady  to  understand  why  her 
request  for  an  invitation  to  her  friend  is  refused;  but 
she  should  never  take  the  refusal  as  a  discourtesy  to 
herself.  There  may  be  reasons  which  cannot  be  ex- 
plained. 

Ladies  always  wear  bonnets  or  round  hats  at  a  gar- 
den-party, and  the  sensible  fashion  of  short  dresses 
has  hitherto  prevailed ;  but  it  is  rumored  that  a  recent 
edict  of  the  Princess  of  Wales  against  short  dresses 
at  her  garden-parties  will  find  followers  on  this  side 
of  the  water,  notably  at  Newport,  which  out-Herods 
Herod  in  its  respect  to  English  fashions. 

Indeed,  a  long  dress  is  very  pretty  on  the  grass  and 
under  the  trees.  At  Buckingham  Palace  a  garden- 
party  given  during  the  first  Jubilee  presented  a  very 
Watteau-like  picture.  Worth's  handsomest  dresses 
were  freely  displayed,  and  the  lovely  grounds  and  old 
trees  at  the  back  of  the  palace  were  in  fine  full  dress 
for  the  occasion. 

In  fact,  England  is  the  land  for  garden-parties, 
with  its  turf  of  velvet  softness,  its  flowing  lime-trees. 


LAWN-TENNIS   AND   THE   GAEDEN-PABTY.  303 

its  splendid  old  oaks,  and  its  finished  landscape  gar* 
dening.  There  are  but  few  places  as  yet  in  America 
which  afford  the  clipped-box  avenues,  the  arcades  of 
blossoming  rose-vines,  the  pleached  alleys,  the  finely 
kept  and  perfect  gravel-walks,  pr,  better  than  all,  the 
quiet,  old-fashioned  gardens,  down  which  the  ladies 
may  walk,  rivals  of  the  flowers. 

But  there  are  some  such  places;  and  a  green  lawn, 
a  few  trees,  a  good  prospect,  a  fine  day,  and  some- 
thing to  eat,  are  really  all  the  absolute  requirements 
for  a  garden-party.  In  the  neighborhood  of  New 
York  very  charming  garden-parties  have  been  given : 
at  the  Brooklyn  Navy-yard  and  the  camp  of  the  sol- 
dier, at  the  head-quarters  of  the  officers  of  marines, 
and  at  the  ever-lovely  Governor's  Island. 

Up  the  Hudson,  out  at  Orange  (with  its  multitudi- 
nous pretty  settlements),  all  along  the  coast  of  Long 
Island,  the  garden-party  is  almost  imperatively  nec- 
essary. The  owner  of  a  fine  place  is  expected  to  al- 
low the  unfortunates  who  must  stay  in  town  at  least 
one  sniff  of  his  roses  and  new-mown  hay. 

Lawn-tennis  has  had  a  great  share  in  making  the 
garden-party  popular ;  and  in  remote  country  places 
ladies  should  learn  how  to  give  these  parties,  and,  with 
very  little  trouble,  make  the  most  of  our  fine  climate. 
There  is  no  doubt  that  a  little  awkwardness  is  to  be 
overcome  in  the  beginning,  for  no  one  knows  exactly 
what  to  do.  Deprived  of  the  friendly  shelter  of  a 
house,  guests  wander  forlornly  about ;  but  a  graceful 
and  ready  hostess  will  soon  suggest  that  a  croquet 
or  lawn-tennis  party  be  formed,  or  that  a  contest  at 
archery  be  entered  upon,  or  that  even  a  card-party 


304  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 

is  in  order,  or  that  a  game  of  checkers  can  be  played 
under  the  trees. 

Servants  should  be  taught  to  preserve  the  proprie- 
ties of  the  feast,  if  the  meal  be  served  under  the  trees. 
There  should  be  no  piles  of  dishes,  knives,  forks,  or 
spoons,  visible  on  the  green  grass ;  baskets  should  be 
in  readiness  to  carry  off  everything  as  soon  as  used. 
There  should  be  a  sufficient  quantity  of  glass  and 
china  in  use,  and  plenty  of  napkins,  so  that  there  need 
be  no  delay.  The  lemonade  and  punch  bowls  should 
be  replenished  from  the  dining-room  as  soon  as  they 
show  signs  of  depletion,  and  a  set  of  neat  maid-ser- 
vants can  be  advantageously  employed  in  watching 
the  table,  and  seeing  that  the  cups,  spoons,  plates, 
wine-glasses,  and  forks  are  in  sufficient  quantity  and 
clean.  If  tea  is  served,  maid-servants,  are  better  than 
men,  as  they  are  careful  that  the  tea  is  hot,  and  the 
spoons,  cream,  and  sugar  forthcoming.  Fruit  is  an 
agreeable  addition  to  a  garden-party  entertainment, 
and  pines,  melons,  peaches,  grapes,  strawberries,  are 
all  served  in  their  season.  Pains  should  be  taken  to 
have  these  fruits  of  the  very  best  that  can  be  obtained. 

Claret-cup,  champagne-cup,  and  soda-water,  brandy 
and  shandy-gaff,  are  provided  on  a  separate  table  for 
the  gentlemen ;  Apollinaris  water,  and  the  various 
aerated  waters  so  fashionable  now,  are  also  provided. 
Although  gentlemen  help  themselves,  it  is  necessary 
to  have  a  servant  in  attendance  to  remove  the  wine* 
glasses,  tumblers,  and  goblets  as  they  are  used,  and  to 
replenish  the  decanters  and  pitchers  as  they  are  emp- 
tied, and  to  supply  fresh  glasses.  Many  hospitable 
hosts  offer  their  guests  old  Madeira,  sherry,  and  port 


BFFICIBNT  SERVICE   NECESSARY.  305 

The  decanters  are  placed  on  the  regular  luncheon- 
table,  and  glasses  of  wine  are  carried  by  servants, 
on  silver  trays,  to  the  ladies  who  are  sitting  on  the 
piazzas  and  under  the  trees.  Small  thin  tumblers  are 
used  for  the  claret  and  champagne  cup,  which  should 
be  held  in  silver  or  glass  pitchers. 

If  strawberries  and  cream  are  served,  a  small  napkin 
should  be  put  between  the  saucer  and  plate,  and  a 
dessert  spoon  and  fork  handed  with  each  plate. 

The  servants  who  carry  about  refreshments  from 
the  tent  or  the  table  where  they  are  served  should  be 
warned  to  be  very  careful  in  this  part  of  the  service, 
as  many  a  fine  gown  has  been  spoiled,  by  a  dish  of 
strawberries  and  cream  or  a  glass  of  punch  or  lemon- 
ade  being  overturned,  through  a  servant's  want  of  care. 

Ices  are  now  served  at  garden-parties  in  small  pa- 
per  cups  placed  on  ice-platfs-a  iLion  which  is  vfry 
neat,  and  which  saves  much  of  the  mussiness  which 
has  heretofore  been  a  feature  of  these  entertain- 
ments. Numbers  of  small  tables  should  be  brought 
with  the  camp-stools,  and  placed  at  convenient  in- 
tervals, where  the  guests  can  deposit  their  plates. 

A  lady  should  not  use  her  handsome  glass  or  china 
at  these  al  fresco  entertainments.  It  is  sure  to  be 
broken.  It  is  better  to  hire  all  the  necessary  glass, 
silver,  and  china  from  the  caterer,  as  it  saves  a  world 
of  counting  and  trouble. 

No  doubt  the  garden-party  is  a  troublesome  affair, 
particularly  if  the  refreshments  are  out-of-doors,  but 
it  is  very  beautiful  and  very  amusing,  and  worth  all 
the  trouble.  It  is  just  as  pleasant,  however^  if  tht 
table  is  in-doors. 


CHAPTER  XXXIX. 

BILYBB  WBDDINGS   AND   OTHBB   WBDDING   AKNIVBB- 

6ABIBS. 

A  YBBY  sensible  reform  is  now  being  attempted  in 
the  matter  of  silver  weddings.  It  was  once  a  demand 
on  the  parse  of  at  least  fifty  dollars  to  receive  an  in- 
vitation to  a  silver  wedding,  because  every  one  was 
expected  to  send  a  piece  of  silver.  Some  very  rich 
houses  in  New  York  are  stocked  with  silver  with  the 
elaborate  inscription, "  Silver  Wedding."  To  the  cards 
of  to-day  is  appended,  "  No  presents  received,"  which 
is  a  relief  to  the  impecunious. 

These  cards  are  on  plain  white  or  silver-gray  paper, 
engraved  in  silver  letters,  with  the  name  of  the  lady  as 
she  was  known  before  marriage  appended  below  that 
of  her  husband;  the  date  of  the  marriage  is  also  added 
below  the  names. 

The  entertainment  for  a  silver  wedding,  to  be  per- 
fect, should  occur  at  exactly  the  hour  at  which  the 
marriage  took  place;  but  as  that  has  been  found  to  be 
inconvenient,  the  marriage  hour  is  ignored,  and  the 
party  takes  place  in  the  evening  generally,  and  with 
all  the  characteristics  of  a  modem  party.  The  ^'  bridal 
pair  "  stand  together,  of  course,  to  receive,  and  as  many 
of  the  original  party  of  the  groomsmen  and  brides- 
maids as  can  be  got  together  should  be  induced  to  form 


WEDDING   PBBSBNTS.  307 

a  part  of  the  group.  There  can  be  no  objection  to  the 
sending  of  flowers,  and  particular  friends  who  wish  can, 
of  course,  send  other  gifts,  but  there  should  be  no  ob- 
ligation. We  may  say  here  that  the  custom  of  giving 
bridal  gifts  has  become  an  outrageous  abuse  of  a  good 
idea.  From  beiiig  a  pretty  custom  which  had  its  basis 
in  the  excellent  system  of  our  Dutch  ancestors,  who 
combined  to  help  the  young  couple  by  presents  of  bed 
and  table  linen  and  necessary  table  furniture  and  sil^ 
ver,  it  has  now  sometimes  degenerated  into  a  form  of 
ostentatjon,  and  is  a  great  tax  on  the  friends  of  the 
bride.  People  in  certain  relations  to  the  family  are 
even  expected  to  send  certain  gifts.  It  has  been  known 
to  be  the  case  that  the  bride  allowed  some  officious 
friend  to  suggest  that  she  should  have  silver,  or  pearls, 
or  diamonds;  and  a  rich  old  bachelor  uncle  is  sure  to 
be  told  what  is  expected  from  him.  But  when  a  couple 
have  reached  their  silver  wedding,  and  are  able  and 
willing  to  celebrate  it,  it  may  be  supposed  that  they 
are  beyond  the  necessity  of  appealing  to  the  generosity 
of  their  friends;  therefore  it  is  a  good  custom  to  have 
this  phrase  added  to  the  silver  -  wedding  invitation, 
"  No  presents  received." 

The  question  has  been  asked  if  the  ceremony  should 
be  performed  over  again.  We  should  say  decidedly 
not,  for  great  danger  has  accrued  to  thoughtless  per- 
sons m  thus  tampering  with  the  wedding  ceremony. 
Any  one  who  has  read  Mrs.  Oliphant's  beautiful  story 
of  "  Madonna  Mary "  will  be  struck  at  once  with  this 
danger.  It  is  not  safe,  even  in  the  most  playful  man- 
ner, to  imitate  that  legal  form  on  which  all  society, 
property,  legitimacy,  and  the  safety  of  home- hang. 


308  MANNBBS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Now  as  to  the  dress  of  the  bride  of  twenty-five  years, 
we  should  say,  "Any  color  but  black."  There  is  an 
old  superstition  against  connecting  black  with  wed- 
dings. A  silver  gray,  trimmed  with  steel  and  lace, 
has  lately  been  used  with  much  success  as  a  second 
bridal  dress.  Still  less  should  the  dress  be  white;  that 
has  become  so  canonized  as  the  wedding  dress  of  a 
virgin  bride  that  it  is  not  even  proper  for  a  widow 
to  wear  it  on  her  second  marriage.  The  shades  of 
rose-color,  crimson,  or  those  beautiful  modern  com- 
binations of  velvet  and  brocade  which  suit  sp  many 
matronly  women,  are  all  appropriate  silver-wedding 
dresses. 

Ladies  should  not  wear  jewellery  in  the  morning, 
particularly  at  their  own  houses ;  so  if  the  wedding  is 
celebrated  in  the  morning,  the  hostess  should  take 
care  not  to  be  too  splendid. 

Evening  weddings  are,  in  these  anniversaries,  far 
more  agreeable,  and  can  be  celebrated  with  more 
elaborate  dressing.  It  is  now  so  much  the  fashion 
to  wear  low-necked  dresses  that  the  bride  of  twenty- 
five  years  can  appear,  if  she  chooses,  in  a  low-cut 
short-sleeve  dinner  dress,  and  diamonds  in  the  even- 
ing. As  for  the  groom,  he  should  be  in  full  even- 
ing dress,  immaculate  white  tie,  and  pearl-colored  kid 
gloves.  He  plays,  as  he  does  at  the  wedding,  but 
a  secondary  part.  Indeed,  it  has  been  jocosely  said 
that  he  sometimes  poses  as  a  victim.  In  savage 
communities  and  among  the  birds  it  is  the  male 
who  wears  the  fine  clothes ;  in  Christian  society  it 
is  the  male  who  dresses  in  black,  putting  the  fine 
feathers  on  his  wife.     It  is  to  her  that  all  the  honors 


THOSE   THAT   SHOULD   BE   INYITED.  309 

are  paid,  be  playing  for  the  time  but  a  secondary  part. 
In  savage  communities  sbe  would  dig  tbe  eartb,  wait 
upon  her  lord,  and  stand  behind  him  while  he  eats ; 
in  the  modern  silver  wedding  he  helps  her  to  fried 
oysters  and  champagne,  and  stands  while  she  sits. 

Now  as  to  who  shall  be  invited.  A  correspondent 
writes  asking  if  a  silver  wedding  celebrated  in  a  new 
home  would  not  be  a  good  opportunity  for  making  the 
"first  onset  of  hospitality,"  inviting  those  neighbors 
who  were  not  known  before,  or  at  least  who  were  not 
visiting  acquaintances.  We  should  think  it  a  very 
happy  idea.  It  is  a  compliment  to  ask  one's  friends 
and  neighbors  to  any  ceremony  or  anniversary  in  which 
our  own  deep  feelings  are  concerned,  such  as  a  christen- 
ing, a  child's  wedding,  and  the  celebration  of  a  birth- 
day. Why  not  still  more  when  a  married  pair  have 
weathered  the  storms  of  twenty-five  years?  People 
fully  aware  of  their  own  respectability  should  never 
be  afraid  to  bow  first,  speak  first,  or  call  first.  Courtesy 
is  the  most  cosmopolitan  of  good  qualities,  and  pojite- 
ness  is  one  of  the  seven  capital  virtues.  No  people 
giving  such  an  invitation  need  be  hurt  if  it  is  received 
coldly.  They  only  thus  find  out  which  of  their  new 
neighbors  are  the  most  worth  cultivating.  This  sort  of 
courtesy  is  as  far  as  possible  from  the  dreadful  word 
"  pushing."  As  dress  was  made  to  dignify  the  human 
body,  so  a  generous  courtesy  clothes  the  mind.  Let 
no  one  be  afraid  of  draping  the  spirit  with  this  purple 
and  gold. 

And  in  all  fresh  neighborhoods  the  new-comers 
should  try  to  cultivate  society.  There  is  something 
in  its  attrition  which  stimulates  the  mind.     Society 


310  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USA0BS. 

brightens  up  the  wits,  and  causes  the  dullest  mind  to 
bring  its  treasures  to  the  surface. 

The"^  wedding  anniversaries  seem  to  begin  with  the 
fifth  one — the  wooden  wedding.  Here  unique  and  ap^ 
propriate  presents  seem  to  be  very  cheap.  Cedar  tubs 
and  bowls  and  pails,  wooden  baskets  filled  with  flowers, 
Shaker  rocking-chairs  and  seats  for  the  veranda,  carved 
tables,  cabinets  of  oak,  wall  brackets,  paintings  on  wood, 
water-colors  framed  in  wood-carvings  in  bog  oak,  and 
even  a  load  of  kindling  wood,  have  been  acceptably 
offered.  The  bride  can  dress  as  gayly  as  she  pleases 
at  this  early  anniversary.  Then  comes  the  tin  wed- 
ding, which  now  is  very  much  welcomed  for  the  pret- 
ty tin  candlesticks  that  it  brings,  fresh  from  London 
furnishers. 

We  hear  of  gorgeous  silver  weddings  in  California, 
that  land  of  gold  and  silver,  where  the  display  of  toi- 
lettes each  represented  a  large  fortune.  But,  after  all, 
the  sentiment  is  the  thing, 

"  As  when,  amid  the  rites  divine, 
I  took  thy  troth,  and  plighted  mine 
To  thee,  sweet  wife,  my  second  ring 
A  token  and  a  pledge  I  bring. 
This  ring  shall  wed,  till  death  us  part. 
Thy  riper  virtues  to  my  heart — 
Those  virtues  which,  before  untried, 
The  wife  has  added  to  the  bride/' 

The  golden  wedding  is  a  rare  festivity — the  great 
marriage  bell  made  of  wheat  fully  ripe;  sheaves  of 
com;  roses  of -the  pure  gold-color  (the  Marshal  Niel 
is  the  golden-wedding  flower  par  excellence).  We  can 
well  imagine  the  parlors  beautifully  decorated  with 


A  CROWN-DIAMOND  WEDDING.  311 

aatumn  leaves  und  evergreens,  the  children  grouped 
about  the  aged  pair,  perhaps  even  a  great-grandchild 
as  a  child  bridesmaid,  a  bridal  bouquet  in  the  aged 
white  hand.  We  can  fancy  nothing  more  poetical  and 
pathetic  than  this  festivity. 

Whether  or  not  a  ring  should  be  given  by  the  hus- 
band to  the  wife  on  this  occasion  we  must  leave  to  the 
individual  taste  of  the  parties.  No  doubt  it  is  a 
pleasant  occasion  for  the  gift, 

*  If  she,  by  merit  since  disclosed, 
Proved  twice  the  woman  I  supposed/' 

there  is  no  doubt  that  she  deserves  another  ring.  We 
have  read  somewhere  of  a  crown-diamond  wedding;  it 
is  the  sixty-fifth  anniversary.  Iron  weddings  are,  we 
believe,  the  fifteenth  anniversary.  With  silver,  golden, 
and  diamond  weddings  we  are  tolerably  familiar,  but, 
so  far  as  we  know,  a  crown-diamond  wedding  such  as 
was  celebrated  a  short  time  ago  at  Maebuell,  in  the 
island  of  Alsen,  is  a  ceremony  altogether  without  prece- 
dent in  matrimonial  annals.  Having  completed  their 
sixty-fifth  year  of  conjugal  bliss,  Glaus  Jacobsen  and 
his  venerable  spouse  were  solemnly  blessed  by  the 
parson  of  their  parish,  and  went,  for  the  fifth  time  in 
their  long  wedded  life,  through  the  form  of  mutual 
troth-plighting  before  the  altar  at  which  they  had  for 
the  first  time  been  united  before  the  battle  of  Water- 
loo was  fought.  The  united  age  of  this  crown-dia- 
mantine  couple  amount  to  one  hundred  and  seventy/- 
eight  years/ 

We  doubt  if  this  constant  pair  needed  any  ring  to 
remind  them  of  their  wedded  duty.    It  is  strange  that 


312  MANNERS    AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

the  origin  of  the  wedding  ring  is  lost  in  obscurity. 
The  "  f  yancel,"  or  wedding  ring,  is  doubtless  of  Roman 
origin,  and  was  originally  given  at  the  betrothal  as  a 
pledge  of  the  engagement.  Juvenal  says  that  at  the 
commencement  of  the  Christian  era  a  man  placed  a 
ring  on  the  finger  of  the  lady  whom  he  betrothed.  In 
olden  times  the  delivery  of  a  signet-ring  was  a  sign  of 
confidence.  The  ring  is  a  symbol  of  eternity  and  con- 
stancy. That  it  was  placed  on  the  woman's  left  hand 
denotes  her  subjection,  and  on  the  ring  finger  because 
it  pressed  a  vein  which  communicates  directly  with 
the  heart.  So  universal  is  the  custom  of  wearing  the 
wedding  ring  among  Jews  and  Christians  that  no 
married  woman  is  ever  seen  without  her  plain  gold 
circlet,  and  she  regards  the  loss  of  it  as  a  sinister 
omen;  and  many  women  never  remove  it.  This  is, 
however,  foolish,  and  it  should  be  taken  off  and  put  on 
several  times  at  first,  so  that  any  subsequent  removal 
or  loss  need  not  jar  painfully  on  the  feelings. 

The  bride-cake  cut  by  the  bride,  with  the  wedding 
ring  for  some  fortunate  future  spouse,  seems  to  be  still 
potent.  The  twenty-five-year-old  bride  should  cut  a 
few  pieces,  then  leave  others  to  pass  it;  it  is  a  day  on 
which  she  should  be  waited  upon. 

Some  persons,  in  celebrating  their  twenty-fifth  wed- 
ding day,  also  repeat  their  wedding  journey,  and  we 
know  a  very  pleasant  little  route  in  England  called  the 
"  silver-wedding  journey,"  but  this  is,  of  course,  a  mat- 
ter so  entirely  personal  that  it  cannot  be  universally 
recommended. 

The  most  graceful  silver-wedding  custom  is  for  the 
bride  and  bridegroom  to  receive  the  greetings  of  their 


'} 


A   SIMPLE    SILVER- WEDDING   CUSTOM.  313 

friends  at  first  formally,  then  to  leave  the  marriage 
bell  or  canopy  of  flowers  and  to  go  about  among  the 
company,  becoming  again  host  and  hostess.  They 
should  spare  their  children,  friends,  and  themselves 
tears  and  sad  recollections.  Some  opulent  brides  and 
bridegrooms  make  it  a  silver  wedding  indeed  by  send- 
ing substantial  presents  to  those  who  started  in  life 
with  them  but  have  been  less  fortunate  than  them- 
selves. 


CHAPTER  XL. 

8PBING  AND  BUMMEB  BNTEBTAINMENTB. 

As  the  season  advances  and  the  country  bursts  into 
glorious  sudden  spring,  the  garden  party,  the  country 
dinner,  the  horseback  excursions,  and  the  asparagus 
parties,  the  hunts  and  the  yacht  voyages,  the  lawn- 
tennis  and  archery,  the  visits  to  tjie  polo  ground,  and 
the  delights  of  a  visit  to  the  friends  who  live  within 
an  hour  of  the  city,  at  Tuxedo  and  at  Morristown,  on 
the  seagirt  shore  of  Long  Island,  or  up  the  Hudson, 
begin  to  loom  up  before  the  city-bound  worthy,  and 
to  throw  a  "rose  hue  o'er  his  russet  cares." 

Now  the  first  question  with  the  neophyte,  who 
would  go  to  the  hunt  (for  they  "break  the  ice"  in 
more  senses  than  one),  as  the  first  of  the  spring  out- 
of-door  entertainments,  is.  What  does  a  young  girl 
require  who  would  "  ride  to  hounds  "  ?  for  "  pale  Di- 
ana," chaste  and  fair,  no  longer  hunts  on  foot,  as  she 
did  in  the  days  of  Acteon. 

She  must  have  two  thorough-bred  hunters.  •  She 
must  have  a  groom,  an  English  habit,  a  carefully  con- 
sidered outfit,  and  she  must  be  a  perfect  and  a  fear- 
less horsewoman,  and  not  mind  a  "  cropper."  One  of 
the  young  riders  at  the  Meadow  Brook  Hunt  was 
thrown  over  her  horse's  head  into  a  ditch  last  spring, 
and  got  up  declaring  she  was  not  even  bruised.    Yes, 


REQUIBBMENTS   OF  THB   HUNT.  315 

she  must  learn  even  how  to  fall  off  her  horse  without 
breaking  her  ribs  or  her  nose.  It  is  an  expensive 
amusement  to  be  Diana  nowadays.  The  result,  how- 
ever, of  long  practice  on  horseback  seems  to  be  that  a 
woman  becomes  almost  a  centaur,  and  more  fearless 
than  a  man.  Then  the  hunt  includes  as  its  adjuncts 
to  the  young  ladies  certain  men  in  pink.  They  "  form  " 
on  a  roadside,  and  the  master  of  the  hunt  says,  ^^  La- 
dies and  gentlemen,  will  you  hunt  ?"  and  he  motions 
to  the  whipper-in — a  gallant  creature  in  pink  also — ^to 
"  throw  off  the  dogs." 

Then  the  prettiest  forty  dogs,  all  spotted,  start  on 
their  mad  career.  It  is  a  beautiful  sight,  with  the 
red-coated  huntsmen  following,  and  it  looks  as  if  the 
real  fox  would  be  attainable  after  a  time,  instead  of 
the  farce  of  an  anise-seed  bag  which  now  serves  to 
make  the  ghost  of  a  scent.  The  low,  soft  hat  is  a 
favorite  with  our  young  riders,  but  there  is  this  to  say 
for  the  hard  hat,  it  does  break  a  fall.  Many  a  fair 
forehead  has  been  saved  from  a  terrible  scar  by  the 
resistant  hard  hat. 

The  habit  of  riding  every  day  and  of  getting  thor- 
oughly accustomed  to  one's  seat  should  precede  the 
daring  attempt  at  a  break-neck  jump.  No  one  should 
pretend  to  hunt  who  has  not  a  good  seat,  a  good  horse, 
and  plenty  of  nerve.  Much  less  should  an  i|U3ompe- 
tent  rider  venture  on  a  friend's  hoTse.  it  htm  been 
said  in  England  that  ^'a  man  will  forgive  you  for 
breaking  his  own  neck,  but  not  that  of  his  favorite 
hunter." 

As  the  day  for  driving  has  come,  many  correspon* 
dents  write  to  a^k  what  is  the  best  style  of  equl- 


316  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

page  for  a  young  man.  We  can  only  say  that  a  til- 
bury and  one  horse  is  very  showy,  that  a  dog-cart 
IS  the  most  ^^  knowing,"  that  a  high  chariot  is  very 
stately,  but  that  the  two-seated  Park  wagon  is  the 
most  appropriate  in  which  to  take  out  a  lady.  There 
should  always  be  a  servant  behind.  The  art  of  driv 
ing  is  simple  enough,  but  requires  much  practice.  The 
good  driver  should  understand  his  horse  well,  and  turn 
his  curves  gently  and  slowly;  he  must  know  how  to 
harness  and  unharness  a  horse,  and  be  ready  to  mend 
any  trifling  disarrangement  if  there  is  a  break. 

Now  as  to  driving  in  a  carriage  with  ladies,  a  cor- 
respondent writes  to  ask  the  etiquette  which  should 
govern  a  gentleman's  conduct.  He  takes  his  seat 
with  his  back  to  the  horses,  opposite  the  ladies,  noz 
should  he  assume  to  sit  beside  a  lady,  unless  requested 
by  her  to  do  so.  When  the  carriage  stops  he  should 
jump  out  and  assist  her  to  alight,  walking  with  her 
up  the  steps,  and  ringing  the  bell.  In  entering  the 
carriage  he  should  put  his  left  foot  on  the  step,  and 
enter  the  carriage  with  his  right  foot.  This  is,  how- 
ever, supposing  that  he  sits  facing  the  horses;  if  he 
sits  with  his  back  to  the  horses,  he  reverses  the  pro- 
cess. A  gentleman  should  avoid  treading  on  ladies' 
dresses,  or  shutting  them  in  the  door.  Ladies  who 
have  country-houses  should  learn  to  drive  as  well  as 
to  ride.  Indeed,  in  these  days  when  young  women 
drive  alone  in  the  Park  in  their  pony  phaetons  and 
little  carts,  we  need  hardly  advise  that  they  should 
leam  to  drive  well. 

As  to  boating,  which  is  practised  so  largely  by  men, 
we  hear  of  but  few  ladies  who  pull  the  oar  about  New 


PICNIC   AND   COACHING   PABTIBS.  317 

York,  but  doubtless  it  will  be  done  on  inland  streams 
and  lakes.  One  gentleman  should  stay  in  the  boat 
and  help  to  steady  it,  unless  the  oars  women  are  very 
expert.  Short  dresses  and  round  hats  should  be  worn, 
with  no  superincumbent  drapery.  As  the  seat  of  hon- 
or in  a  boat  is  that  occupied  by  the  stroke  oar,  it  is 
etiquette  for  the  owner  of  the  boat  to  offer  it  to  his 
friend  if  he  be  a  rower. 

The  asparagus  party  is  a  sort  of  a  long  picnic,  in 
which  a  party  of  f riendi^  join,  and  drive  or  ride  out  to 
some  convenient  inn  where  a  good  dinner  can  be  served, 
with  the  advantage  of  the  early  vegetable  cut  directly 
from  the  ground.  As  Long  Island  is  famous  for  its 
asparagus,  these  parties  from  New  York  generally  se- 
lect some  convenient  locality  there,  near  enough  to 
the  city  to  be  not  too  fatiguing  a  drive. 

The  passion  for  driving  a  coach  has  now  become 
so  much  of  an  American  taste  that  we  need  not  de- 
scribe the  pastime  here.  Many  coaches  will  start 
from  New  York  for  some  neighboring  town — Ards- 
ley  Casino,  etc. — during  the  summer,  and  there  is 
no  better  way  of  spending  a  May  day  than  on  top 
of  one.  As  for  al  fresco  entertainments,  game  pie, 
patties,  cold  beef,  pressed  tongue,  potted  meats,  sand- 
wiches, pdt&  de  foie  gras,  champagne,  are  all  taken 
out  in  hampers,  and  served  on  top  of  the  coach  by  the 
obedient  valets  at  the  races,  for  those  parties  who  go 
out  with  four  horses  and  a  London  coach  to  see  the 
favorite  run. 

We  are  often  asked  what  would  be  the  appropriate 
costume  for  a  lawn  party,  and  we  can  only  answei' 
that  the  costumes  for  these  parties  should  be  of  a  use- 


318  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

ful  character.  If  it  is  a  lawn  party  at  a  very  elegant 
house,  at  Newport  or  up  the  Hudson,  it  may  be,  how- 
ever, of  a  delicacy  and  elegance  not  proper  if  one  is 
asked  out  in  the  country  merely  to  "  have  a  good 
time,"  when  a  person  would  be  exposed  to  the  weath- 
er, the  wear  and  tear  of  games,  and  of  a  long  day  in 
the  sun.  Thick  boots  are  indispensable.  But  if  one 
is  invited  to  a  wedding  in  the  country,  even  if  the 
"  lawn "  is  to  play  a  decided  part  in  the  entertain- 
ment, one  must  dress  very  handsomely.  At  the. regu- 
lar lawn  party  the  lady  of  t6e  house  and  her  daugh- 
ters should  receive  on  the  lawn  in  their  bonnets. 

Yachting  is  a  favorite  "summer  entertainment,"  and 
for  those  who  love  the  sea  it  is  unparalleled  for  its 
excitement.  Yachting  dresses  should  be  made  of  lin- 
en serge  or  tweed,  and  possess  warmth  and  durability, 
and  young  women  can  trim  them  according  to  taste, 
with  the  name  and  insignia  of  their  favorite  yacht. 

For  a  lawn-tennis  party  the  players  dress  in  flannels 
made  for  the  purpose,  and  for  a  lady  the  shirt-waist  is 
indispensable,  as  giving  so  much  freedom  to  the  arms. 
These  parties  begin  in  May  at  all  the  country-houses 
and  country  parks  about  our  larger  towns,  and  cer- 
tainly furnish  as  much  healthful  amusement  as  any- 
thing can  do. 

Archery  has  not  yet  become  acclimated  in  America, 
but  there  are  clubs  in  certain  circles  which  promise  a 
future  for  this  game. 

Now  for  those  who  go  to  country-houses  to  stay 
"  over  Sunday,"  as  is  the  fashion  about  New  York, 
let  us  give  one  word  of  advice.  Always  hold  your- 
self at  the  disposal  of  those  at  whose  house  you 


WHEBE   TACT  SHOULD  BE  DISPLAYED.  319 

are  staying.  If  they  propose  a  plan  of  action  for 
you,  fall  in  with  it.  If  your  visit  is  prolonged  for  a 
week,  endeavor  to  amuse  yourself  as  much  as  pos- 
sible. Do  not  let  your  hostess  see  that  you  are  de- 
pendent on  her  for  amusement.  Remember,  however 
welcome  you  may  be,  you  are  not  always  wanted. 
A  good  hostess  also  learns  when  to  let  her  guests 
alone.  A  gentleman  visitor  who  neither  shoots,  fishes, 
boats,  reads,  writes  letters,  nor  does  anything  but 
hang  about,  letting  himself  be  ^^  amused,"  is  an  intol- 
erable nuisance.  He  had  better  go  to  the  billiard- 
room  and  practice  caroms  by  himself,  or  retire  to  the 
stables  and  smoke. 

A  lady  visitor  should  show  a  similar  tact  in  retiring 
to  her  own  room  to  read  or  write  letters,  allowing  her 
hostess  to  have  her  mornings  or  her  afternoons  to  her- 
self, as  she  pleases.  Some  people  are  "  bom  visitors." 
They  have  the  genius  of  tact  to  perceive,  the  genius 
of  finesse  to  execute,  ease  and  frankness  of  manner,  a 
knowledge  of  the  world  that  nothing  can  surprise,  a 
calmness  of  temper  that  nothing  can  disturb,  and  a 
kindness  of  disposition  that  can  never  be  exhausted. 
Such  a  visitor  is  greatly  in  demand  everywhere. 

A  good-natured  host  and  hostess  place  everything 
at  the  disposal  of  a  visitor — their  horses,  carriages, 
books,  and  grounds.  And  here  the  utmost  delicacy 
should  be  observed.  Never  ride  a  horse  too  fast  or 
too  far.  Never  take  the  coachman  beyond  his  usual 
limits.  Never  pluck  a  flower  in  the  ornamental  grounds 
without  asking  permission,  for  in  these  days  of  orna- 
mental and  fanciful  gardening  it  is  necessary  to  be 
careful  and  remember  that  each  flower  is  a  tint  in  a 


320  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

well-considered  picture.  Never  dog's-ear  or  disfigure 
the  books,  or  leave  them  lying  about;  if  you  take  them 
from  their  shelves,  put  them  back.  Be  thoughtful  in 
your  treatment  of  the  servants,  and  give  those  who 
immediately  wait  upon  you  some  small  gratuity.  And 
if  family  prayers  are  read,  always  try  to  be  present. 

So  much  for  the  possibility  of  a  "summer  enter- 
tainment "  at  a  country-house,  one  of  the  most  agree- 
able of  all,  if  the  apple-blossoms  are  just  out,  and  the 
charm  of  spring  is  over  the  whole  scene. 

We  hear  of  a  "  rustic  masquerade "  as  one  of  the 
spring  entertainments  at  a  country-house  in  Orange. 
This,  it  would  seem,  might  be  very  suitable  all  over 
the  country,  if  woods  and  water  are  near  enough  for 
the  shephetds  and  shepherdesses.  A  copy  of  the  gar- 
den parties  which  made  Boucher  the  painter  that  he 
was,  and  in  which  we  almost  hear  the  wind  rustling 
through  the  sedge,  the  refreshing  murmur  of  the  foun- 
tain, and  see  the  gayly  dressed  marquise  put  her  vio- 
let slipper  on  the  turf,  and  the  elegant  and  stately 
gentlemen  as  they  light  up  the  neighboring  arbor 
with  their  fine  silk  coats  in  his  pictures — a  copy  of 
such  garden  parties  as  those  which  made  Watteau's 
fame  (he  has  put  them  all  on  the  fans,  and  the  young 
people  have  only  to  copy  them) — this  would  indeed 
be  a  "rustic  masquerade,"  which  might  amuse  and 
"  draw  "  for  a  charity.  Many  of  our  country  towns 
on  the  borders  of  lakes,  many  of  the  places  near  New 
York  in  their  own  fine  grounds,  would  offer  a  terres- 
trial paradise  for  such  a  garden  party. 

To  drive  out  to  the  park  to  breakfast,  to  get  the 
early  strawberry  and   the  delicious  cream  —  this  is 


HOW   A    HIGH   TEA   SHOULD   BE   SERVED.  321 

a  spring  entertainment  which  many  of  our  business 
men  indulge  in,  coming  back  to  their  work  in  New 
York  refreshed  and  invigorated.  The  men  of  pleasure 
of  this  period  have,  as  they  have  always  had,  an  am- 
ple provision  of  amusement — not  always  the  most  use- 
ful, it  is  true — yet  we  are  glad  to  see  that  the  out-of- 
door  excitements  begin  to  distance  the  excitements  of 
the  gaming-table.  Betting  on  the  turf  is  not  carried 
to  the  ruinous  extent  here  that  it  is  in  England,  while 
the  polo,  the  base-ball,  the  boating,  and  the  '^riding 
to  hounds  " — open  to  ridicule  as  it  is,  in  some  ways 
of  looking  at  it — are  all  healthful.  The  spring  season 
has  its  little  dinners,  lunches,  and  weddings,  but  very 
few  evening  entertainments. 

After  a  young  girl  has  ransacked  the  fashionable 
world  all  winter,  and  been  at  all  the  fdtes  and  balls, 
concerts,  operas,  and  suppers,  she  does  not  care  for 
parties  in  May.  Such  infatuated  ardor  for  amuse- 
ment would  make  sad  havoc  of  her  charms  if  she  did. 
It  is  quite  enough  if  she  finishes  her  exciting  winter 
with  a  fancy  dance  or  private  theatricals  at  some  char- 
itable entertainment. 

A  high  tea  is  served  in  courses  like  a  dinner,  ex- 
cepting with  less  formality.  The  lady  sits  at  one  end 
of  the  table  with  the  silver  tea-tray  before  her,  while 
the  gentleman  has  before  him  cold  chicken,  or  even, 
perhaps,  a  hot  dish  like  roast  partridges,  to  carve. 
Frequently  scalloped  oysters  are  passed,  and  always 
salads,  so  that  those  who  are  in  the  habit  of  dining  at 
that  hour  have  a  solid  meal.  There  are  hot  cakes  and 
biscuits  and  sweetmeats  on  the  table,  so  that  it  is  really 
the  old-fashioned  tea  of  our  grandmothers  re-enforced 


322  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

by  some  solid  dishes.  It  is  intended  to  save  the  ser- 
vants trouble  on  Sunday  evening,  but  it  is  really  more 
trouble  to  them  as  now  served,  as  it  gives  the  waiter 
additional  dishes  to  wash,  and  quite  as  much  service. 
It  saves  the  cook,  however,  and  she  is  a  most  impor- 
tant functionary. 

The  introduction  of  the  bicycle  into  American  life 
has  rendered  the  life  of  all  women  much  more  varied 
and  delightful  from  May  to  November  than  it  used  to 
be.  Such  pleasurable  haunts  as  Tuxedo  and  the  coun- 
try club,  and,  indeed,  the  whole  fashionable  vicinage 
of  New  York,  is  within  bicycle  distance,  and  the  thea- 
tres complain  that  they  have  no  audiences  after  the 
fine  weather  improves  the  roads.  I  receive  many  let- 
ters asking  for  the  "  etiquette  of  the  wheel."  I  am 
unable  to  give  any  advice  on  this  subject,  except  to 
ask  the  rider  to  not  run  down  any  unfortunate  lady 
who  may  be  in  the  way.  I  am  glad  to  hear  that  there 
is  an  improved  lamp  now  invented  for  those  who  ride 
after  dark,  as  I  consider  the  bicycle  rider  by  moon- 
light a  dangerous  enemy  to  the  human  race,  and  I 
hope  that  each  bicycle  may  have  a  most  resonant  bell. 

This  is  now  so  recognized  a  taste  that  horses  are  no 
longer  a  necessity.  It  is  the  wheel  which  is  indis- 
pensable. Most  people  travel  with  their  wheels,  and 
all  girls  carry  a  bicycle  dress.  Would  that  it  were 
more  f recjuently  a  pretty  one !  The  bicycle  costume, 
so  far,  is  open  to  objections,  but  fortunately  the  rider 
does  not  care,  and  even  the  most  delicate  women  get 
oblivious  to  falls  and  indifferent  to  fatigue.  It  is  the 
only  dress,  says  a  modern  critic,  "in  which  no  woman 
cares  how  she  looks."  • 


CHAPTER  XLI. 

FLORAL  TRIBUTES   AND  DECORATIONS. 

When  every  steamer  leaving  these  shores  goes 
out  laden  with  people  who  are  weighed  down  with 
flowers,  it  cannot  but  be  a  severe  tax  on  the  in- 
genuity of  the  florist  to  devise  novel  and  appropri- 
ate forms  for  the  typical  basket  that  shall  say  bon 
voyage  in  a  thousand  new  ways.  Floral  ships,  an- 
chors, stars,  crosses,  mottoes,  monograms,  and  even 
the  national  flag,  have  been  used  for  these  steamer 
decorations. 

But  the  language  of  flowers,  so  thoroughly  under- 
stood among  the  Persians  that  a  single  flower  ex- 
presses a  complete  declaration  of  love,  an  offer  of 
marriage,  and,  presumably,  a  hint  at  the  settlement, 
is,  with  our  more  practical  visionaries  and  enthusiasts 
of  the  nineteenth  century,  rather  an  echo  of  the  stock 
market  than  a  poetical  fancy.  We  fear  that  no  prima 
donna  looks  at  her  flowers  without  a  thought  of  how 
much  they  have  cost,  and  that  the  belle  estimates  her 
bouquet  according  to  the  commercial  value  of  a  lily- 
of -the- valley  as  compared  with  that  of  a  Jacqueminot 
rose,  rather  than  as  flowers  simply.  It  is  a  pity  that 
the  overwhelming  luxury  of  an  extravagant  period 
involves  in  its  all-powerful  grasp  even  the  flowers  of 
the  field,  those  generous  gifts  of  sunshine  and  of  rain. 


324  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

But  BO  it  is.  It  is  a  well-known  fact  that  the  lady 
who  will  give  her  order  three  months  in  advance  for 
the  flowers  needed  for  her  daughter's  wedding,  or  for 
any  other  grand  ceremonial,  can,  by  oflFering  a  suffi- 
ciently large  amount  of  money,  command  any  flower 
she  wishes.  Even  daisies  and  buttercups,  red  clover 
and  white,  the  delicate  forget-me-not  of  the  garden, 
nasturtiums  and  marigolds,  the  shy  and  tender  ane- 
mone, the  dandelion  and  lilacs  and  lilies-of -the- valley, 
may  be  forced  into  unnatural  bloom  in  January.  It 
is  a  favorite  caprice  to  put  the  field-flowers  of  June 
on  a  lunch-table  in  January. 

The  lunch -table  is  the  greatest  of  all  the  con- 
sumers of  flowers,  therefore  we  may  begin  by  de- 
scribing some  of  the  new  fancies  developed  by  that 
extraordinarily  luxurious  meal.  A  lady^s  lunch  must 
show  not  only  baskets  of  magnificent  flowers  up  and 
down  the  table,  but  it  must  also  bear  a  basket  or  a 
bouquet  for  each  lady. 

One  of  the  most  regal  lunches,  given  to  twenty- 
eight  ladies,  set  the  fashion  for  using  little  gilt  bas- 
kets, with  covers  opening  on  either  side  of  the  han- 
dle— the  kind  of  basket,  of  a  larger  size,  in  which, 
in  New  England  and  in  Old  England,  Dame  Trot 
carried  her  multifarious  parcels  home  from  market. 
These  pretty  and  useful  baskets  had  on  each  side  a 
bunch  of  flowers  peeping  out  through  the  open  cover, 
and  on  the  gilt  handle  was  tied  a  ribbon  correspond- 
ing in  color  to  the  flowers.  One  of  them,  having  soft 
pink  rosebuds  of  exceeding  size  and  loveliness  on  one 
side  and  a  bunch  of  lilies-of-the-valley  on  the  other, 

with  a  bow  of  pink  satin  ribbon  on  the  handle,  was 
23 


THE    ARKANGSMENT   OF   FLOWBBS.  325 

as  pretty  a  picture  as  ever  Kate  Greenaway  devised. 
Another,  showing  the  strong  contrast  of  purple  pan- 
sies  and  yellow  daffodils,  and  tied  with  a  lovely  purple 
satin  ribbon,  was  a  dream  of  rich  color. 

The  stiff,  formal,  flat  bouquets  of  yellow  daffodils 
and  bunches  of  violets,  tied  with  purple  ribbon,  make 
a  very  fine  effect  laid  in  regular  order  at  each  plate. 
Repetition  of  a  favorite  idea  in  flowers  is  not  ugly, 
although  it  seems  at  first  very  far  from  the  primeval 
and  delicious  confusion  in  which  nature  throws  her 
bouquets  down  upon  upland  and  meadow. 

In  the  arrangement  of  roses  the  most  varied  and 
whimsical  fancies  may  be  displayed,  although  the 
most  gorgeous  effect  is  produced,  perhaps,  by  massing 
a  single  color  or  group.  A  basket  of  the  pink  Gloire 
de  Paris,  however,  with  its  redundant  green  foliage,  al- 
ternated with  deep-red  Jacqueminots,  is  a  very  splen- 
did fancy,  and  will  fill  a  room  with  fragrance.  In  Feb- 
ruary these  roses  cost  two  dollars  apiece,  and  it  was  no 
rare  sight  to  see  four  or  six  baskets,  each  containing 
forty  roses,  on  one  table  during  the  winter  of  1890 
In  the  winter  of  1893  orchids  were  the  passion,  and  in 
1900  the  American  Beauty  is  the  favorite  flower. 

We  advise  all  ladies  going  into  the  country  to  pur- 
chase some  of  the  little  "  Dame  Trot "  baskets,  as  they 
will  be  lovely  when  filled  with  wild-flowers  during  the 
summer.  Indeed,  the  gilt  basket,  fitted  with  a  tin  pan 
to  hold  earth  or  water,  is  such  a  cheap  and  pretty 
receptacle  for  either  growing  or  cut  flowers  that  it 
ought  to  be  a  belonging  of  every  dinner-table. 

From  the  lunch -table,  with  its  baskets  and  floral 
fancies,  we  come  to  the  dinner-table.     Here  the  space 


326  MANNEBS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

is  SO  valuable  that  the  floral  bag,  an  ingenious  plan 
by  which  roses  may  be  hung  at  the  side  of  the  wearer, 
has  been  invented.  This  is  a  novel  and  very  pretty 
way  of  wearing  flowers.  The  roses  or  other  flowers 
are  tied  together  with  wires,  in  the  shape  of  a  reticule, 
and  a  ribbon  and  pin  provided,  so  that  the  lady  may 
fasten  her  floral  trophy  at  her  side.  The  baskets  of 
flowers  and  the  adornments  of  the  ipergne  for  a  din- 
ner are  very  apt  to  be  all  of  one  flower.  If  mixed, 
they  are  of  two  sorts,  as  yellow  roses  and  red  ones, 
or  white  and  pink,  or,  may  be,  half  of  lilacs  and  half 
of  roses,  or  purple  pansies  and  bright  yellow  flowers. 
Some  tables  are  set  with  scarlet  carnations  alone,  and 
the  effect  is  very  fine. 

For  wedding  decorations,  houses  are  now  filled  with 
palm-trees  in  pots  and  orange-trees  in  full  bearing. 
An  entire  suite  of  rooms  is  made  into  a  bower  of 
large-leaved  plants.  Mirrors  are  covered  with  vines, 
wreaths,  and  climbing  roses,  trained  across  a  trellis 
of  wire.  The  bride  stands  under  a  floral  umbrella, 
which  juts  out  into  the  room.  The  monograms  of 
bride  and  bridegroom  are  put  in  floral  shields  against 
the  wall,  like  the  cartoucJie  on  which  the  names  and 
the  titles  of  an  Egyptian  king  are  emblazoned  in  the 
solitude  of  the  Pyramids.  The  bouquets  carried  by 
brides  and  bridesmaids  are  now  extraordinarily  large, 
measuring  a  foot  or  more  across  the  top. 

Tulips  have  always  been  favorite  ornaments  for  the 
dinner-table.  These  flowers,  so  fine  in  drawing  and 
so  splendid  in  color,  produce  an  exceedingly  brilliant 
effect  in  large  masses.  As  Easter  approaches,  lilies 
come  in  for  especial  notice,  and  the  deep  Japan  cup- 


FLORAL   EMBLEMS   AT   FUNERALS.  327 

lily,  grouped  with  the  stately  callas,  and  the  garden- 
lily,  with  its  long  yellow  stamens  and  rich  perf ame, 
worthily  fill  the  table  vases. 

Hyacinths  are  lovely  harbingers  of  spring,  and  are 
beautiful  in  color ;  but  there  is  a  strong  objection  to 
this  flower  as  a  decoration,  its  heavy  perfume  being 
unpleasant  to  some  people. 

A  fish-basket  filled  with  bunches  of  lilies,  mignon- 
ette, deep  pink  moss-roses  shaded  to  the  pale  tints  of 
the  rose  known  as  the  Baroness  de  Rothschild,  with 
a  glowing  centre  of  warm  red  Jacqueminots  and  a 
fringe  of  purple  pansies  and  Mar^chal  Niels,  was  one 
of  many  beautiful  floral  ornaments  on  a  magnificent 
dinner-table. 

In  spite  of  the  attempt  to  prevent  the  extravagant 
use  of  flowers  at  funerals,  we  still  see  on  those  sad  oc- 
casions some  new  and  rather  poetic  ideas  expressed 
by  floral  emblems.  One  of  these,  called  the  "  Gates 
Ajar,"  was  very  beautiful:  the  "gates"  panelled  with 
lilies,  and  surmounted  by  doves  holding  sprays  of  pas- 
sion-vines in  their  beaks. 

Palms  crossed,  and  clasped  by  roses  and  ribbons,  an 
oblique  cross  of  roses  lying  on  a  bed  of  ivy,  a  basket 
made  of  ivy  and  autumn  leaves,  holding  a  sheaf  of 
grain  and  a  sickle  of  violets,  an  ivy  pillow  with  a 
cross  of  flowers  on  one  side,  a  bunch  of  pansies  held 
by  a  knot  of  ribbon  at  one  corner,  a  cross  made  of 
ivy  alone,  a  "  harvest-field "  made  of  ears  of  wheat, 
are  some  of  the  many  new  funereal  designs  which 
break  the  monotony  of  the  dreadful  white  crosses, 
crowns,  and  anchors,  hearts  and  wreaths,  of  the  past. 

It  is  no  longer  necessary  to  exclude  color  from  these 


328  MANNERS    AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

tiibutes  to  the  dead.  Indeed,  some  of  the  most  beau- 
tiful designs  noticed  at  recent  funerals  have  been 
composed' of  colored  flowers. 

For  a  christening,  a  floral  cradle  or  swinging  ham- 
mock, a  bowl,  a  silver  cup  full  of  the  tiniest  flowers, 
are  all  favorite  designs.  A  large  table  of  flowers, 
with  the  baby's  initials  in  the  centre,  was  sent  to  one 
happy  young  mother  on  a  recent  auspicious  occasion ; 
and  far  more  lovely  was  a  manger  of  flowers,  with  the 
^^  Star  of  the  East "  hanging  above  it,  all  made  of  that 
pretty  white  flower  the  Star  of  Bethlehem. 

Strange  contrasts  of  flowers  have  been  made  :  pur- 
ple lilacs  and  the  blue  forget-me-nots  were  a  favorite 
combination — "  stylish,  not  pretty,"  was  the  whispered 
criticism. 

The  yellow  marigold,  a  sort  of  small  sunflower,  has 
been  the  favorite  "  caprice "  for  boi^ets  de  corsage. 
This  is  as  near  to  an  actual  sunflower  as  the  SBsthetes 
have  ventured  to  approach.  With  us,  perhaps,  there 
is  no  more  splendid  yellow  than  this  marigold,  and  it 
admirably  sets  off  a  black  or  sage  green  dress. 

An  extravagant  lady,  at  a  ball,  wore  around  her 
white  dress  skirt  a  fringe  of  real  violets.  Although 
less  effective  than  the  artificial  ones,  they  had  a  pret- 
ty appearance  until  they  drooped  and  faded.  This 
adornment  cost  one  hundred  and  fifty  dollars. 

A  rainbow  has  been  attempted  in  flowers,  but  with 
poor  success.    It  will  look  like  a  ribbon — a  very  hand 
some  ribbon,  no  doubt;  but  the  arc-en-cid  evades  re- 
production, even  in  the  transcendent  prismatic  colors 
of  flowers. 

Ribbons  have  been  used  with  flowers,  and  add  much 


ENORMOUS   PRICES   PAID   FOR   FLOWERS.  829 

to  their  effect ;  for,  since  the  Arcadian  days  of  Rosa- 
lind and  Celia,  a  flower,  a  ribbon,  and  a  pretty  girl, 
have  been  associated  with  each  other  in  prose,  poetry, 
painting,  and  romance. 

The  hanging-baskets,  filled  with  blooming  plants, 
trailers,  and  ferns,  have  been  much  used  at  weddings 
to  add  to  the  bower-like  appearance  of  the  rooms; 
and  altars  and  steps  of  churches  have  been  richly 
adorned  with  flowering  plants  and  palm-trees  and 
other  luxuriant  foliage  in  1900. 

The  prices  paid  for  flowers  have  been  enormous. 
One  thousand  dollars  for  the  floral  decorations  for  a 
single  dinner  has  not  been  an  uncommon  price.  But 
the  expenditure  of  such  large  sums  for  flowers  has  not 
been  unprofitable.  The  flowers  grow  finer  every  day, 
and,  as  an  enterprising  florist,  who  had  given  a  "  rose 
tea"  to  his  patrons,  remarked,  "Every  large  order 
inspires  us  to  produce  a  finer  flower." 

The  large  fountain  bouquet  reaching  to  the  end  of 
the  skirt  has  become  the  fashion  for  brides.  It  is 
composed  of  orchids,  long-stemmed  roses,  and  trailing 
vines. 

Sweet  peas  out  of  season,  in  huge  bunches^  have 
been  a  caprice  in  January,  1 900. 


CHAPTER  XLII. 

THE   PORK   AND   THE    SPOON. 

A  CORRESPONDENT  writes,  "  How  sliall  I  carry  my 
fork  to  my  mouth?"  The  fork  should  be  raised  lat- 
erally to  the  mouth  with  the  right  hand;  the  elbow 
should  never  be  crooked,  so  as  to  bring  the  hand  round 
at  a  right  angle,  or  the  fork  directly  opposite  the 
mouth.  The  mother  cannot  begin  too  early  to  incul- 
cate good  manners  at  the  table,  and  among  the  first 
things  that  young  children  should  learn  is  the  proper 
use  of  the  fork. 

Again,  the  fork  should  not  be  overloaded.  To  take 
meat  and  vegetables  and  pack  them  on  the  poor  fork, 
as  if  it  were  a  beast  of  burden,  is  a  common  Amer- 
ican vulgarity,  bom  of  our  hurried  way  of  eating  at 
railway-  stations  and  hotels.  But  it  is  an  unhealthy 
and  an  ill-mannered  habit.  To  take  but  little  on 
the  fork  at  a  time,  a  moderate  mouthful,  shows  good 
manners  and  refinement.  The  knife  must  never  be 
put  into  the  mouth  at  any  time — ^that  is  a  renmant  of 
barbarism. 

Another  correspondent  asks, "  Should  cheese  be  eat* 
en  with  a  fork  ?"  We  say,  decidedly, "  Yes,"  although 
good  authorities  declare  that  it  may  be  put  on  a  morsel 
of  bread  with  a  knife,  and  thus  conveyed  to  the  moutL 
Of  course  we  refer  to  the  soft  cheeses — like  Gargon* 


USES   FOB  THE   SPOON.  331 

zola,  Brie,  cream-cheese,  Neufcbatel,  Limbnrger,  and 
tlie  like — which  are  hardly  more  manageable  than  but* 
ter.  Of  the  hard  cheeses,  one  may  convey  a  morsel  to 
the  mouth  with  the  thumb  and  forefinger ;  but,  as  a 
general  rule,  it  is  better  to  use  the  fork. 

Now  as  to  the  spoon  :  it  is  to  be  used  for  soup,  for 
strawberries  and  cream,  for  all  stewed  fruit  and  pre- 
serves, and  for  melons,  which,  from  their  juiciness, 
cannot  be  conveniently  eaten  with  a  fork.  Peaches  and 
cream,  all  the  "  wet  dishes,"  as  Mrs.  Glasse  was  wont 
to  call  them,  must  be  eaten  with  a  spoon.  Roman 
punch  is  always  eaten  with  a  spoon. 

On  elegant  tables,  each  plate  or  "cover"  is  ac- 
companied by  two  large  silver  knives,  a  small  silver 
knife  and  fork  for  fish,  a  small  fork  for  the  oysters 
on  the  half -shell,  a  large  table-spoon  for  soup,  and 
three  large  forks.  The  napkin  is  folded  in  the  centre, 
with  a  piece  of  bread  in  it.  As  the  dinner  progresses, 
the  knife  and  fork  and  spoon  which  have  been  used 
are  taken  away  with  the  plate.  This  saves  confusion, 
and  the  servant  has  not  to  bring  (resh  knives  and  forks 
all  the  time.  Fish  should  be  eaten  with  silver  knife  and 
fork ;  for  if  it  is  full  of  bones,  like  shad,  for  instance,  it 
is  very  difficult  to  manage  it  without  the  aid  of  a  knife. 

For  sweetbreads,  cutlets,  roast  beef,  etc.,  the  knife 
is  also  necessary ;  but  for  the  croquettes^  rissoles,  hou- 
chies  d  la  Heine,  timbales,  and  dishes  of  that  class,  the 
fork  alone  is  needed.  A  majority  of  the  made  dishes 
in  which  the  French  excel  are  to  be  eaten  with  the 
fork. 

After  the  dinner  has  been  eaten,  and  the  dessert 
reached,  we  must  see  to  it  that  everything  is  cleared 


332  MANNBBS  AKD   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

oflf  but  the  table-cloth,  which  is  now  never  removed. 
A  dessert -plate  is  pat  before  each  guest,  and  a  gold 
or  silver  spoon,  a  silver  dessert  spoon  and  fork,  and 
often  a  queer  little  combination  of  fork  and  spoon, 
called  an  "  ice-spoon." 

In  England,  strawberries  are  always  served  with 
the  green  stems,  and  each  one  is  taken  up  with  the 
fingers,  dipped  in  sugar,  and  thus  eaten.  Many  for- 
eigners pour  wine  over  their  strawberries,  and  then 
eat  them  with  a  fork,  but  this  seems  to  be  detrimental 
to  the  natural  flavor  of  the  king  of  berries. 

Pears  and  apples  should  be  peeled  with  a  silver 
knife,  cut  into  quarters,  and  then  picked  up  with  the 
fingers.  Oranges  should  be  peeled,  and  cut  or  sepa- 
rated, as  the  eater  chooses.  Grapes  should  be  eaten 
from  behind  the  half -closed  hand,  the  stones  and  skin 
falling  into  the  fingers  unobserved,  and  thence  to  the 
plate.  Never  swallow  the  stones  of  small  fruits;  it  is 
extremely  dangerous.  The  pineapple  is  almost  the 
only  fruit  which  requires  both  knife  and  fork. 

So  much  has  the  fork  come  into  use  of  late  that  a 
wit  observed  that  he  took  everything  with  it  but  af- 
ternoon tea.  The  thick  chocolate,  he  observed,  often 
served  at  afternoon  entertainments,  could  be  eaten 
comfortably  with  a  fork,  particularly  the  whipped 
cream  on  top  of  it. 

A  knife  and  fork  are  both  used  in  eating  salad,  if  it 
is  not  cut  up  before  serving.  A  large  lettuce  leaf  can- 
not be  easily  managed  without  a  knife,  and  of  course 
the  fork  must  be  used  to  carry  it  to  the  mouth.  Thus, 
as  bread,  butter,  and  cheese  are  served  with  the  sala^ 
the  salad  knife  and  fork  are  really  essential 


DO  NOT  PILL   TJHB   SOUP-PLATE.  333 

Salt-cellars  are  now  placed  at  each  plate,  and  it  is 
not  improper  to  take  salt  with  your  knife. 

Dessert-spoons  and  small  forks  do  not  form  a  part 
of  the  original  "  cover ;"  that  is,  they  are  not  put  on 
at  the  beginning  of  the  dinner,  but  are  placed  before 
the  guests  according  as  they  are  needed ;  as,  for  in^ 
stance,  when  the  Roman  punch  arrives  before  the 
game,  and  afterwards  when  the  plum -pudding  or 
pastry  is  served  before  the  ices. 

The  knives  and  forks  are  placed  on  each  side  of  the 
plate,  ready  for  the  hand. 

For  the  coffee  after  dinner  a  very  small  spoon  is 
served,  as  a  large  one  would  be  out  of  place  in  the 
small  cups  that  are  used.  Indeed,  the  variety  of  forks 
and  spoons  now  in  use  on  a  well-furnished  table  is  as- 
tonishing. 

One  of  our  esteemed  correspondents  asks,  ^^How 
much  soup  should  be  given  to  each  person?"  A  half- 
ladlef  ul  is  quite  enough,  unless  it  is  a  country  dinner, 
where  a  full  ladleful  may  be  given  without  offence; 
but  do  not  fill  the  soup-plate. 

In  carving  a  joint  of  fowl  the  host  ought  to  make 
sure  of  the  condition  of  both  knife  and  fork.  Of  course 
a  good  carver  sees  to  both  before  dinner.  The  knife 
should  be  of  the  best  cutlery,  well  sharpened,  and  the 
fork  long,  strong,  and  furnished  with  a  guard. 

In  using  the  spoon  be  very  careful  not  to  put  it  too 
far  into  the  mouth.  It  is  a  fashion  with  children  to 
polish  their  spoons  in  a  somewhat  savage  fashion, 
but  the  guest  at  a  dinner-party  should  remember,  in 
the  matter  of  the  dessert-spoon  especially  (which  is  a 
rather  large  implement  for  the  mouth),  not  to  allow 


334  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

even  the  clogging  influences  of  cabinet  pudding  to 
induce  him  to  give  his  spoon  too  much  leeway;  as 
in  all  etiquette  of  the  table,  the  spoon  has  its  difficul- 
ties and  dangers.  Particularly  has  the  soup-spoon  its 
Scylla  and  Charybdis,  and  if  a  careless  eater  make  a 
hissing  sound  as  he  eats  his  soup,  the  well-bred  diner- 
out  looks  round  with  dismay. 

There  are  always  people  happy  in  their  fashion  of 
eating,  as  in  everything  else.  There  is  no  such  infal- 
lible proof  of  good-breeding  and  of  early  usage  as  the 
conduct  of  a  man  or  woman  at  dinner.  But,  as  every 
one  has  not  had  the  advantage  of  early  training,  it  is 
well  to  study  these  minute  points  of  table  etiquette, 
that  one  may  learn  how  to  eat  without  offending  the 
sensibility  of  the  well-bred.  Especially  study  the  fork 
and  the  spoon.  There  is,  no  doubt,  a  great  diversity 
of  opinion  on  the  Continent  with  regard  to  the  fork. 
It  is  a  common  German  fashion,  even  with  princes, 
to  put  the  knife  into  the  mouth.  Italians  are  not  al- 
ways particular  as  to  its  use,  and  cultivated  Russians, 
Swedes,  Poles,  and  Danes  often  eat  with  their  knives 
or  forks  indiscriminately. 

But  Austria,  which  follows  French  fashions,  the 
Anglo-Saxon  race  in  England,  America,  and  the  colo- 
nies, all  French  people,  and  those  elegant  Russians 
who  emulate  French  manners,  deem  the  fork  the  prop- 
er medium  of  communication  between  the  plate  and 
the  mouth. 


t"- 


CHAPTER  XLIII. 

•  NAPKINS  AND   TABLE-CLOTHS. 

The  elegance  of  a  table  depends  essentially  upon  its 
napery.  The  plainest  of  meals  is  made  a  banquet  if 
the  linen  be  fresh,  fine,  and  smooth,  and  the  most 
sumptuous  repast  can  be  ruined  by  a  soiled  and  crum- 
pled table-cloth.  The  housewife  who  wishes  to  con- 
duct her  house  in  elegance  must  make  up  her  mind 
to  use  five  or  six  sets  of  napkins,  and  to  have  several 
dozens  of  each  ready  for  possible  demands. 

A  napkin  should  never  be  put  on  the  table  a  second 
time  until  it  has  been  rewashed ;  therefore,  napkin- 
rings  should  be  abandoned — ^relegated  to  the  nursery 
tea-table. 

Breakfast  napkins  are  of  a  smaller  size  than  dinner 
napkins,  and  are  very  pretty  if  they  bear  the  initial 
letter  of  the  family  in  the  centre.  Those  of  fine, 
double  damask,  with  a  simple  design,  such  as  a  snow- 
drop or  a  mathematical  figure,  to  match  the  table- 
cloth, are  also  pretty.  In  the  end,  the  economy  in 
the  wear  pays  a  young  house-keeper  to  invest  well  in 
the  best  of  napery — double  damask,  good  Irish  linen. 
Never  buy  poor  or  cheap  napkins  ;  they  are  worn  out 
almost  immediately  by  washing. 

Coarse,  heavy  napkins  are  perhaps  proper  for  the 
nursery  and  children's,  table.     If  children  dine  with 


336  MAKXBBS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

their  parents,  they  should  have  a  special  set  of  nap- 
kins for  their  use,  and  some  very  careful  mammas 
make  these  with  tapes  to  tie  around  the  youthful 
necks.  It  is  better  in  a  large  family,  where  there 
are  children,  to  have  heavy  and  coarse  table-linen  for 
every-day  use.  It  is  not  an  economy  to  buy  colored 
cloths,  for  they  must  be  washed  as  often  as.  if  they 
were  white,  and  no  color  stands  the  hard  usage  of  the 
laundry  as  well  as  pure  white. 

Colored  napery  is,  therefore,  the  luxury  of  a  well- 
appointed  country  house,  and  has  its  use  in  making 
the  breakfast  and  luncheon  table  look  a  little  unlike 
the  dinner.  Never  use  a  parti -colored  damask  for 
the  dinner-table. 

White  napery,  which  grows  whiter  with  each  sum- 
mer's bleaching,  is  preferable  to  all  others.  Ladies 
who  live  in  the  city  should  try  to  send  all  their  napery 
to  the  country  at  least  once  a  year,  and  ht  it  lie  on 
the  grass  for  a  good  bleaching.  It  seems  to  keep 
cleaner  afterwards. 

For  dmner,  large  and  handsome  napkins,  carefully 
ironed  and  folded  simply,  with  a  piece  of  bread  in- 
side, should  lie  at  each  plate.  These  should  be  re- 
moved when  the  fruit  course  is  brought,  and  with  each 
finger-bowl  should  be  a  colored  napkin,  with  which 
to  dry  the  fingers. 

Pretty  little  fanciful  doyleys  are  now  also  put  under 
the  finger-bowl,  merely  to  be  looked  at.  Embroidered 
with  quaint  designs,  these  little  three-inch  things  are 
very  ornamental;  but  the  real  and  serviceable  doyley 
should  not  be  forgotten,  and  may  be  laid  either  beside 
or  over  the  top  of  the  finger-bowl. 


TABLE   LINEN.  337 

Many  ladies  are  so  extravagant  that  they  have  a 
second  napkin  of  small  size  put  on  for  that  part  of 
the  dessert  which  precedes  the  fruit,  bat  this  invol/es 
so  much  trouble  to  both  the  guest  and  the  waiter  that 
it  is  not  ordinarily  done. 

The  napkins  made  at  Berlin,  with  drawn  thread  and 
knotted  fringe  and  lace  effects,  are  very  handsome. 
They  are  also  made  at  the  South  Kensington  schools, 
and  in  Paris,  and  by  the  Decorative  Art  Society  in  New 
York,  and  are  beautifully  wrought  with  monogram 
and  crest  in  red,  white,  and  blue  thread.  But  no  napkin 
is  ever  more  thoroughly  elegant  than  the  very  thick, 
fine,  and  substantial  plain  damask,  which  becomes 
more  pure  and  smooth  every  time  that  it  is  cleansed. 

However,  as  one  of  our  great  dinner-givers  in  New 
York  has  ordered  twenty-four  dozen*  of  the  handsome, 
drawn-thread  napkins  from  one  establishment  at  Ber- 
lin, we  must  conclude  that  they  will  become  the  fashion. 

When  breakfast  is  made  a  formal  meal — that  is,  when 
company  is  invited  to  come  at  a  stated  hour — servieUes, 
or  large  dinner-napkins,  must  be  placed  at  each  plate, 
as  for  a  dinner.  But  they  are  never  used  at  a  "  stand- 
up  "  breakfast,  nor  are  doyleys  or  finger-bowls. 

If  any  accident  happens,  such  as  the  spilling  of  a 
glass  of  wine  or  the  upsetting  of  a  plate,  the  d^ria 
should  be  carefully  cleared  away,  and  the  waiter 
should  spread  a  clean  napkin  over  the  desecrated 
table-cloth.  Large  white  napkins  are  invariably  used 
at  luncheon,  and  the  smaller  ones  kept  for  breakfast 
and  tea.  Some  ladies  like  the  little  fringed  napkins 
for  tea,  but  to  look  well  these  must  be  very  carefully 

*  One  hotel  in  New  York  uses  a  thousand  napkins  a  day. 


«d38  MANNERS   AKD   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

washed  and  ironed.  A  polished  top  table  is  in  fash- 
ion in  1900  for  breakfast  and  luncheon.  The  use  of 
a  centre-piece  at  these  meals  is  not  obligatory,  but 
it  is  almost  always'  a  pot  of  growing  plants — ferns, 
bulbous  flowers,  or  fresh  flowers,  or  a  palm-tree. 

Never  fasten  your  napkin  around  your  neck ;  lay  it 
across  your  knees,  convenient  to  the  hand,  and  lift  one 
comer  only  to  wipe  the  mouth.  Men  who  wear  a 
mustache  are  permitted  to  "  saw "  the  mouth  with  the 
napkin,  as  if  it  were  a  bearing-rein,  but  for  ladies  this 
would  look  too  masculine. 

Napkins  at  hotels  are  now  folded,  in  a  half -wet 
condition,  into  all  sorts  of  shapes :  a  goose,  a  swan,  a 
ship,  a  high  boot,  are  all  favorite  and  fanciful  designs ; 
but  this  is  a  dirty  fashion,  requiring  the  manipulation 
of  hands  which  are  not  always  fresh,  and  as  the  nap- 
kin must  be  damp  at  the  folding,  it  is  not  always  dry 
when  shaken  out.  Nothing  is  so  unhealthy  as  a  damp 
napkin;  it  causes  agony  to  a  delicate  and  nervous  lady, 
a  man  with  the  rose-cold,  a  person  with  neuralgia  or 
rheumatism,  and  is  offensive  to  every  one.  Never  al- 
low a  napkin  to  be  placed  on  the  table  until  it  has  been 
well  aired.  There  is  often  a  conspiracy  between  the 
waiter  and  the  laundress  in  great  houses,  both  wishing 
to  shirk  work,  the  result  of  which  is  that  the  napkins, 
not  prepared  at  the  proper  time,  are  put  on  the  table 
damp. 

A  house-keeper  should  have  a  large  chest  to  contain 
napery  which  is  not  to  be  used  every  day.  This  re- 
served linen  should  be  washed  and  aired  once  a  year 
at  least,  to  keep  it  from  moulding  and  becoming  yellow. 

Our  Dutch  ancestors  were  very  fond  of  enriching 


NAPKINS.  339 

a  chest  of  this  kind,  and  many  housewives  in  New 
York  and  Albany  are  to-day  using  linen  brought  from 
Holland  three  hundred  years  ago. 

The  napery  made  in  Ireland  has,  however,  in  our 
day  taken  the  place  of  that  manufactured  in  other 
countries.  It  is  good,  cheap,  and  sometimes  very 
handsome,  and  if  it  can  be  bought  unadulterated  with 
cotton  it  will  last  many  years. 

Very  little  starch  should  be  put  in  napkins.  No 
one  wishes  to  wipe  a  delicate  lip  on  a  board,  and  a 
stiff  napkin  is  very  like  that  commodity. 

At  dinner-parties  in  England,  in  the  days  of  William 
the  Fourth,  a  napkin  was  handed  with  each  plate.  As 
the  guest  took  his  plate  and  new  napkin,  he  allowed 
the  one  which  he  had  used  to  fall  to  the  floor,  and 
when  he  went  away  from  the  table  he  left  a  snowy 
pile  of  napery  behind  him. 

The  use  of  linen  for  the  table  is  one  of  the  oldest 
of  fashions.  The  early  Italian  tables  were  served  with 
such  beautiful  lace -worked  napkins  that  we  cannot 
equal  them  to-day.  Queen  Elizabeth's  napkins  were 
edged  with  lace  made  in  Flanders,  and  were  an  im- 
portant item  of  expense  in  her  day-book. 

Fringed,  embroidered,  and  colored  napkins  made  of 
silk  are  used  by  Chinese  and  Japanese  magnates. 
These  articles  may  be  washed,  and  are  restored  to 
their  original  purity  by  detergent  agents  that  are  un- 
known to  us.  The  Chinese  also  use  little  napkins  of 
paper,  which  are  very  convenient  for  luncheon  baskets 
and  picnics. 

One  of  our  correspondents  asks  us  if  she  should  fold 
her  napkin  before  leaving  the  table. 


340  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

At  a  fashionable  meal,  no.  At  a  social  tea  or  break- 
f asty  yes,  if  her  hostess  does  so.  There  is  no  absolute 
law  on  this  subject. 

At  a  fashionable  dinner  no  one  folds  bis  napkin; 
he  lays  it  by  the  side  of  his  plate  unfolded.  When 
the  fruit  napkin  is  brought  he  takes  it  from  the 
glass  plate  on  which  it  is  laid,  and  either  places  it  at 
his  right  hand  or  across  his  knee,  and  the  "  illumi- 
nated rag,"  as  some  wit  called  the  little  embroidered 
doyley,  which  is  not  meant  for  use,  is,  after  having 
been  examined  and  admired,  laid  on  the  table,  beside 
the  finger-bowl.  These  pretty  little  trifles  can  serve 
several  times  the  purpose  of  ornamenting  the  finger- 
bowl. 

Napkins,  when  laid  away  in  a  chest  or  drawer, 
should  have  some  pleasant,  cleanly  herb  like  lavender 
or  sweet-grass,  or  the  old-fashioned  clover,  or  bags  of 
Oriental  orris-root,  put  between  tbem,  that  they  may 
come  to  the  table  smelling  of  these  delicious  scents. 

Nothing  is  more  certain  to  destroy  the  appetite  of 
a  nervous  dyspeptic  than  a  napkin  that  smells  of 
greasy  soap.  There  is  a  laundry  soap  now  in  use 
which  leaves  a  very  unpleasant  odor  in  the  linen,  and 
napkins  often  smell  so  strongly  of  it  as  to  take  away 
the  desire  for  food. 

Perhaps  the  influence  of  Delmonico  upon  the  public 

has  been  in  nothing  more  strongly  shown  than  in  tbe 

effect  produced  by  his  always  immaculate  napery.     It 

was  not  common  in  American  eating-houses,  when  he 

began,  to  offer  clean  table-cloths  and  clean  napkins. 

Now  no  decent  diner  will  submit  to  any  other  than  a 

clean  napkin. 
24 


CABE   OF   NAPKINS.  341 

Every  lady,  therefore,  who  aspires  to  elegant  house- 
keeping, should  remember  that  she  must  never  allow 
the  same  napkin  to  be  put  on  her  table  twice.  Once 
used,  it  must  be  sent  to  the  laundry  before  it  is  put 
on  the  table  again.  For  this  reason  the  expensive  gold- 
embroidered  laced  napkins,  those  made  of  Duchesse 
lace  and  heavily  embroidered,  are  senseless  articles  of 
luxury,  only  fit  for  royal  tables,  where,  indeed,  they 
are  but  seldom  used. 


CHAPTER  XLIV. 

SBfiYANTS,  THSIB   DRESS   AND   DUTIES. 

As  we  read  that  a  Saratoga  hotel-keeper  has  re- 
cently dismissed  all  his  waiters  wlio  would  not  shave 
off  their  mustaches,  we  must  begin  to  believe  tbat  tbe 
heretofore  heedless  American  is  considering  the  ap- 
pearance of  his  house  and  carriage-servants.  In  the 
early  days  of  the  republic,  before  Thomas  Jefferson 
tied  his  horse's  rein  to  the  palings  of  the  fence  and 
sauntered  into  the  Capitol  to  be  inaugurated,  the 
aristocrats  of  the  various  cities  had  a  livery  for  their 
servants.  But  after  such  a  dasli  of  cold  water  in  the 
face  of  established  usage  by  the  Chief  Magistrate  of 
the  country,  many  of  the  old  forms  and  customs  of 
Colonial  times  fell  into  disuse,  and  among  others  the 
wearing  of  a  livery  by  serving -men.  A  constantly 
declining  grade  of  shabbiness  was  the  result  of  this, 
as  the  driver  of  the  horses  wore  a  coat  and  hat  of  the 
same  style  as  his  master,  only  less  clean  and  new. 
Like  many  of  our  American  ideas  so  good  in  theory, 
the  outcome  of  this  attempt  at  "Liberty,  Equality, 
and  Fraternity,"  was  neither  conducive  to  neatness 
nor  elegance. 

But  so  strongly  was  the  prejudice  against  liveries 
instilled  into  the  public  mind  that  only  a  few  years 
ago  a  gentleman  of  the  most  aristocratic  circle  of  aria- 


THE    DBBSS   OF   SERVANTS.  343 

tocratic  Philadelphia  declared  that  he  refrained  from 
having  a  liveried  servant  behind  his  carriage  from  fear 
of  shocking  public  opinion.  In  New  York  the  presence 
of  a  large,  foreign,  social  element  long  ago  brought 
about  a  revulsion  of  opinion  in  this  matter,  and  now 
most  persons  who  desire  a  neat,  plain,  and  appropriate 
style  of  dress  for  their  coachmen  and  footmen  put 
them  in  a  livery,  for  which  the  master  pays.  Those 
who  are  particular  in  such  matters  do  not  allow  a  wait- 
er or  a  footman  to  wear  a  mustache,  and  require  all 
men-servants  to  be  clean-shaven,  except  the  coachman, 
who  is  permitted  to  wear  whiskers.  Each  must  have 
his  hair  cut  short,  and  the  waiter  must  wear  white 
gloves  while  waiting  at  table  or  when  handing  re- 
freshments ;  even  a  glass  of  water  on  a  silver  salver 
must  be  brought  with  a  gloved  hand. 

Many  ladies  have  much  trouble  in  impressing  upon 
their  men-servants  the  necessity  for  personal  neat- 
ness. The  ordinary  attire  of  a  butler  is  a  black 
dress-coat,  with  white  cravat  and  white  cotton  gloves. 
A  waiter  who  attends  the  door  in  a  large  estab- 
lishment, and  who  is  one  of  many  servants,  is  usually 
in  a  quiet  livery — a  frock-coat  with  brass  buttons, 
and  a  striped  waistcoat.  Some  families  affect  the 
scarlet  waistcoat  for  their  footman,  which,  indeed, 
may  be  used  with  very  good  effect  for  the  negro 
servant. 

Neatness  is  indispensable;  a  slovenly  and  inattentive 
servant  betrays  a  slovenly  household.  Yet  servants 
often  do  their  employers  great  injustice.  They  are 
slow  to  respond  to  the  bell,  they  give  uncivil  answers, 
they  deny  one  person  and  admit  another,  they  fail  to 


344  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGBS. 

deliver  notes,  they  are  insolent,  they  neglect  the  or- 
ders of  the  mistress  when  she  is  out.  We  cannot  ex- 
pect perfection  in  our  domestic  service,  but  it  is  pos- 
sible, by  painstaking  and  patient  teaching,  to  create  a 
respectable  and  helpful  serving  class.  Servants  are 
very  apt  to  take  their  tone  from  their  employers — ^to 
be  civil  if  they  are  civil,  and  insolent  if  they  are  in- 
solent. The  head  of  the  house  is  very  apt  to  be  cop- 
ied by  his  flunkies.  One  primal  law  we  must  mention 
— a  hostess  should  never  reprove  her  servants  in  the 
presence  of  her  guests;  it  is  cruel  both  to  guest  and 
servant,  and  always  shows  the  hostess  in  an  unamiable 
light.  Whatever  may  go  wrong,  the  lady  of  the 
house  should  remain  calm ;  if  she  is  auguished,  who 
can  be  happy  ? 

We  have  not  here,  nominally,  that  helpful  treasure 
known  in  England  as  the  parlor-maid.  We  call  her 
a  waitress,  and  expect  her  to  do  all  the  work  of  one 
floor.  Such  a  person  can  be  trained  by  a  good  house- 
keeper to  be  a  most  admirable  servant.  She  must  be 
told  to  rise  early,  to  attend  to  the  sweeping  of  the 
door-steps,  to  open  the  blinds,  to  light  the  fires,  and 
to  lay  the  breakfast-table.  She  must  appear  in  a  neat 
calico  dress,  white  apron  and  cap,  and  wait  upon  the 
family  at  breakfast.  After  breakfast,  the  gentlemen 
will  expect  her  to  brush  their  hats,  to  bring  overcoats 
and  overshoes,  and  to  find  the  umbrellas.  She  must 
answer  the  door-bell  as  well,  so  should  be  nimble-foot- 
ed and  quick-witted.  When  breakfast  is  over,  she  must 
remove  the  dishes  and  wash  them,  clean  the  silver,  and 
prepare  for  the  next  meal.  In  well-regulated  house- 
holds there  is  a  day  for  sweeping,  a  day  for  silver 


TEACHING   OF   SERVANTS.  345 

cleaning,  a  day  for  mirror-polishing,  and  another  for 
making  bright  and  neat  the  fireplaces ;  but  each  one 
of  these  duties  requires  a  certain  share  of  attention 
every  day.  The  parlor  must  be  dusted,  and  the  fires 
attended  to,  of  course,  so  the  parlor-maid,  or  the  wait- 
ress, in  a  large  family  has  much  to  do.  The  best  girls 
for  this  arduous  situation  are  English,  but  they  are 
very  difficult  to  procure.  The  Germans  are  not  apt 
to  remain  long  with  one  family.  The  best  available 
parlor -maids  are  Irishwomen  who  have  lived  some 
time  in  this  country.  Such  neat-handed  Phyllises 
must  wear  a  black  woollen  dress,  never  silk,  with  a 
neat  white  apron,  cap  and  cuffs  and  collar  of  starched 
linen. 

A  servant  often  sins  from  ignorance,  therefore  time 
spent  in  teaching  her  is  not  wasted.  She  should  be 
supplied  with  such  utensils  as  facilitate  work,  and  one 
very  good  house-keeper  declares  that  the  virtue  of  a 
waitress  depends  upon  an  "infinity  of  crash."  And 
there  is  no  doubt  that  a  large  supply  of  towels  is  a 
constant  suggestion  of  cleanliness  which  is  a  great 
moral  support  to  a  waitress. 

In  these  days,  when  parlors  are  filled  with  bric-^- 
brac,  a  parlor-maid  has  no  time  to  do  laundry-work, 
except  such  part  of  it  as  may  pertain  to  her  per- 
sonally. The  best  of  all  arrangements  is  to  hire  a 
laundress,  who  will  do  all  the  washing  of  the  house. 
Even  in  a  very  economical  household  this  has  been 
found  to  be  the  best  plan,  otherwise  th^re  is  always 
an  unexplained  delay  when  the  bell  rings.  The  ap- 
pearance at  the  door  of  a  dishevelled  maid,  with  arms 
covered  with  soapsuds,  is  not  ornamental.    If  a  cook 


346  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

can  be  found  who  will  also  undertake  to  do  the  wash- 
ing and  ironing,  it  is  a  better  and  more  satisfactory 
arrangement.  But  in  our  growing  prosperity  this 
functionary  has  assumed  new  and  extraordinary  im- 
portance, and  will  do  nothing  but  cook. 

A  young  house-keeper  beginning  her  life  in  a  great 
city  finds  herself  frequently  confronted  with  the  ne- 
cessity of  having  four  servants — a  cook,  a  laundress,  a 
waiter  or  parlor-maid  (sometimes  both),  and  a  cham- 
ber-maid. None  of /these  excellent  auxiliaries  is  will- 
ing to  do  the  other's  work:  they  generally  quarrel.  So 
the  first  experience  of  house-keeping  is  not  agreeable. 
But  it  is  possible  to  find  two  servants  who,  if  proper- 
ly trained,  will  do  all  the  service  of  a  small  family, 
and  do  it  well. 

The  mistress  must  carefully  define  the  work  of 
each,  or  else  hire  them  with  the  understanding  that 
neither  shall  ever  say,  "  This  is  not  my  work."  It  is 
sometimes  quite  impossible  to  define  what  is  the  exact 
duty  of  each  servant.  Our  house  -  keeping  in  this 
country  is  so  chaotic,  and  our  frequent  changes  of 
house  and  fortune  cause  it  to  partake  so  much  of  the 
nature  of  a  provisional  government,  that  every  wom- 
an must  be  a  Louis  Napoleon,  and  ready  for  a  coup 
<r&tat  at  any  moment. 

The  one  thing  which  every  lady  must  firmly  de- 
mand from  her  servants  is  respect.  The  harassed  and 
troubled  American  woman  who  has  to  cope  with  the 
worst  servants  in  the  world — the  ill-trained,  incapa- 
ble, and  vicious  peasantry  of  Europe,  who  come  here 
to  be  "  as  good  as  anybody,"  and  who  see  that  it  is 
easily  possible  to  make  a  living  in  America  whether 


SBBVANT    AND    MISTBBSS.  347 

they  are  respectful  or  not — ^that  womaD  has  a  very 
arduous  task  to  perforrn. 

But  she  must  gain  at  least  outward  respect  by  in- 
sisting upon  having  it,  and  by  showing  her  servants 
that  she  regards  it  as  even  a  greater  desideratum 
than  the  efficient  discharge  of  duties.  The  mistress 
must  not  lose  her  temper.  She  must  be  calm,  im- 
perturbable, and  dignified,  always.  If  she  gives  an 
order,  she  must  insist,  at  whatever  personal  cost,  that 
it  shall  be  obeyed,  Pertinacity  and  inflexibility  on 
this  point  are  well  bestowed. 

Where  there  are  children,  the  nurse  is,  of  course,  a 
most  important  part  of  the  household,  and  often  gives 
more  trouble  than  any  of  the  other  servants,  for  she 
is  usually  an  elderly  person,  impatient  of  control,  and 
"  set  in  her  ways."  The  mistress  must  make  her  obey 
at  once.  Nurses  are  only  human,  and  can  be  made  to 
conform  to  the  rules  by  which  humanity  is  governed. 

Many  ladies  have  adopted  for  their  nurses  the  French 
style  of  dress — dark  stuff  gowns,  white  aprons,  and 
caps.  French  nurses  are,  indeed,  very  much  the  fash« 
ion,  as  it  is  deemed  all-important  that  children  should 
learn  to  speak  French  as  soon  as  they  can  articulate. 
But  it  is  so  difficult  to  find  a  French  nurse  who  will 
speak  the  truth  that  many  mothers  have  renounced 
the  accomplished  Gaul  and  hired  the  Anglo-Saxon, 
who  is  often  not  more  veracious. 

No  doubt  there  was  better  service  when  servants 
were  fewer,  and  when  the  mistress  looked  well  after 
the  ways  of  her  household,  and  performed  certain  do- 
mestic duties  herself.  In  those  early  days  it  was  she 
who  made  the  best  pastry  and  sweetmeats.     It  was 


348  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

she  who  wrought  at  the  quilting-frame  and  netted  the 
hest  hed-curtains.  It  was  she  who  darned  the  tahle- 
cloth,  with  a  neatness  and  exactness  that  made  the 
rery  imperfection  a  heauty.  It  was  she  who  made 
the  currant  wine  and  the  blackberry  cordial.  She 
knew  all  the  secrets  of  clear  starching,  and  taught  the 
ignorant  how  to  do  their  work  through  her  educated 
intelligence.  She  had,  however,  native  Americans  to 
teach,  and  not  Irish,  Germans,  or  Swedes.  Now,  few 
native-bom  Americans  will  become  servants,  and  the 
difficulties  of  the  mistress  are  thereby  increased. 

A  servant  cannot  be  too  carefully  taught  her  duty 
to  visitors.  Having  first  ascertained  whether  her  mis- 
tress is  at  home  or  not,  in  order  to  save  a  lady  the 
trouble  of  alighting  from  her  carriage,  she  should  an- 
swer the  ring  of  the  door-bell  without  loss  of  time; 
and  male  and  female  servants  should  have  on  hand  a 
small  silver  salver  on  which  to  receive  the  card  of  the 
guest.  She  should  treat  all  callers  with  respect  and 
civility,  but  at  the  same  time  she  should  be  able  to 
discriminate  between  friend  and  foe,  and  not  unwarily 
admit  those  innumerable  cheats,  frauds,  and  beggars 
who,  in  a  respectable  garb,  force  an  entrance  to  one's 
house  for  the  purpose  of  theft,  or  perhaps  to  sell  a  ce- 
ment for  broken  crockery,  or  the  last  thing  in  hair-dye. 

Conscientious  servants  who  comprehend  their  du- 
ties, and  who  try  to  perform  them,  should,  after  a  cer- 
tain course  of  discipline,  be  allowed  to  follow  their 
own  methods  of  working.  Interference  and  fault- 
finding injure  the  temper  of  an  inferior,  while  sus- 
picion is  bad  for  anybody,  and  especially  operates 
against  the  making  of  a  good  servant. 


TBBATMENT  OF  SERVANTS.  349 

To  assare  your  servants  that  yon  believe  them  to 
be  honest  is  to  fix  in  thera  the  habit  of  honesty.  To 
respect  their  rights,  their  hours  of  recreation,  their 
religion,  their  feelings,  to  wish  them  good-night  and 
good-morning  (after  the  pretty  German  fashion),  to 
assist  them  in  the  writing  of  their  letters  and  in  the 
proper  investment  of  their  earnings,  to  teach  them  to 
read  and  write  and  to  make  their  clothes,  so  that  they 
may  be  useful  to  themselves  when  they  leave  servitude 
— all  this  is  the  pleasurable  duty  of  a  good  mistress, 
and  such  a  course  makes  good  servants. 

All  ignorant  natures  seek « a  leader;  all  servants 
like  to  be  commanded  by  a  strong,  honest,  fair,  judi- 
cious mistress.  They  seek  her  praise ;  they  fear  her 
censure,  not  as  slaves  dread  the  whip  of  the  tyrant, 
but  as  soldiers  respect  their  superior  officer.  Bad 
temper,  injustice,  and  tyranny  make  eye-service,  but 
not  heart-service. 

Irresolute  persons  who  do  not  know  their  own 
minds,  and  cannot  remember  their  own  orders,  make 
very  poor  masters  and  mistresses.  It  is  better  that 
they  should  give  up  the  business  of  house-keeping, 
and  betake  themselves  to  the  living  in  hotels  or 
boarding-houses  with  which  our  English  cousins 
taunt  us,  little  knowing  that  the  nomadic  life  they 
condenm  is  the  outcome  of  their  own  failure  to  make 
good  citizens  of  those  offscourings  of  jail  and  poor- 
house  and  Irish  shanty  which  they  send  to  us  under 
the  guise  of  domestic  servants. 

Familiarity  with  servants  always  arouses  their  con- 
tempt; a  mistress  can  be  kind  without  being  familiar. 
She  must  remember  that  the  servant  looks  up  to  her 
The  servant  should   be   taught  her   way  over  the 


350  MANKBBS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

great  gulf  of  a  different  condition  of  life  and  habit 
— over  the  great  gulf  of  ignorance,  and  that,  in  the 
order  of  nature,  she  should  respept  not  only  the  per- 
son in  authority,  but  the  mistress,  as  superior  to  her- 
self. This  salutary  influence  is  thrown  away  if  the 
mistress  descend  to  familiarity  and  intimacy.  Cer- 
tain weak  mistresses  vary  their  attitude  towards  their 
servants,  first  assuming  a  familiarity  of  manner  which 
is  disgusting,  and  which  the  servant  does  not  mistake 
for  kindness,  and  then  a  tyrannical  severity  which  is 
as  unreasonable  as  the  familiarity,  and,  like  it,  is  only 
a  spasm  of  an  ill-regulated  mind. 

Servants  should  wear  thin  shoes  in  the  house,  and 
be  told  to  step  lightly,  not  to  slam  doors,  or  drop 
china,  or  to  rattle  forks  and  spoons.  A  quiet  servant 
is  the  most  certain  of  domestic  blessings.  Neatness, 
good  manners,  and  faithfulness  have  often  insured  a 
stupid  servant  of  no  great  efficiency  a  permanent 
home  with  a  family.  If  to  these  qualities  be  added 
a  clear  head,  an  active  body,  and  a  respectful  manner, 
we  have  that  rare  article — a  perfect  servant. 


CHAPTER  XLV. 

THE  HOUSE  WITH  ONE  8BRVANT. 

Many  large  families  in  this  country  employ  but 
one  servant.  Although  when  life  was  simpler  it  was 
somewhat  easier  than  it  is  now  to  conduct  a  house 
with  such  assistance  as  may  be  offered  by  a  maid-of- 
all-work,  it  was  necessary  even  then  for  the  ladies  of 
the  house  to  do  some  portion  of  the  lighter  domestic 
work. 

It  is  a  very  good  plan,  when  there  are  several 
daughters  in  the  family,  to  take  turns  each  to  test 
her  talent  as  a  house-keeper  and  organizer.  If,  how- 
'  ever,  the  mistress  keep  the  reins  in  her  own  hands, 
she  can  detail  one  of  these  young  ladies  to  sweep 
and  dust  the  parlors,  another  to  attend  to  the  break- 
fast dishes,  another  to  make  sure  that  the  maid  has 
not  neglected  any  necessary  cleansing  of  the  bed- 
rooms. 

A  mother  with  young  children  must  have  a  thor- 
oughly defined  and  understood  system  for  the  daily 
work  to  render  it  possible  for  one  servant  to  per- 
form it  all. 

The  maid  must  rise  very  early  on  Monday  morning, 
and  do  some  part  of  the  laundry  work  before  break- 
fast. Many  old  American  servants  (when  there  were 
such)  put  the  clothes  in  water  to  soak,  and  sometimes 


352  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

to  boil,  on  Sunday  night,  that  night  not  having  the 
religious  significance  in  New  England  that  Saturday 
night  had. 

Nowadays,  however,  Irish  girls  expect  to  have  a 
holiday  every  other  Sunday  afternoon  and  evening, 
and  it  would  probably  be  vain  to  expect  this  seryice 
of  them.  But  at  least  they  should  rise  by  five  o'clock, 
and  do  two  hours'  good  work  before  it  is  time  to 
prepare  the  breakfast  and  lay  the  table. 

A  neat-handed  Phyllis  will  have  a  clean  gown,  cap, 
and  apron  hanging  in  the  kitchen  closet,  and  slip  them 
on  before  she  carries  in  the  breakfast,  which  she  has 
cooked  and  must  serve.  Some  girls  show  great  tact 
in  this  matter  of  appearing  neat  at  the  right  time, 
but  many  of  them  have  to  be  taught  by  the  mistress 
to  have  a  clean  cap  and  apron  in  readiness.  The 
mistress  usually  furnishes  these  items  of  her  maid's 
attire,  and  they  should  be  the  property  of  the  mis- 
tress, and  remain  in  the  family  through  all  changes 
of  servants.  They  can  be  bought  at  almost  any  re- 
pository conducted  in  the  interest  of  charity  for  less 
than  they  can  be  made  at  home,  and  a  dozen  of  them 
in  a  house  greatly  improves  the  appearance  of  the  ser- 
vants. 

The  cook,  having  prepared  the  breakfast  and  waited 
at  table,  places  in  front  of  her  mistress  a  neat,  wooden 
tub,  with  a  little  cotton-yam  mop  and  two  clean  tow- 
els, and  then  retreats  to  the  kitchen  with  the  heavy 
dishes  and  knives  and  forks.  The  lady  proceeds  to 
wash  the  glass,  sUver,  and  china,  draining  the  things 
on  a  waiter,  and  wiping  them  on  her  dainty  linen 
towels.    It  is  not  a  disagreeable  operation^  and  all 


PLAIN   DINNER   FOE   WASHING-DAT.  363 

gentlemen  say  they  like  to  eat  and  drink  from  uten* 
sils  which  have  been  washed  by  a  lady. 

Having  put  away  the  glass  and  china,  the  lady 
shakes  the  table-cloth,  folds  it,  and  puts  it  away.  She 
then  takes  a  light  brush  broom  and  sweeps  the  dining- 
room,  and  dusts  it  carefully,  opening  a  window  to 
air  the  apartment.  When  this  is  done  she  sets  the 
parlor  in  order.  The  maid-of -all-work  should,  in  the 
mean  time,  make  a  visit  to  the  bedrooms,  and  do  the 
heavy  work  of  turning  mattresses  and  making  beds. 
When  this  is  accomplished  she  must  return  to  the 
kitchen,  and  after  carefully  cleaning  the  pots  and 
kettles  that  have  been  in  use  for  the  morning  meal, 
devote  an  undivided  attention  to  her  arduous  duties 
as  laundress.  A  plain  dinner  for  washing -da}( — a 
beefsteak  and  some  boiled  potatoes,  a  salad,  and  a 
pie  or  pudding  made  on  the  preceding  Saturday — is 
all  that  should  be  requir,ed  of  a  maid-of -all-work  on 
Monday. 

The  afternoon  must  be  spent  in  finishing  the  wash- 
ing, hanging  out  the  clothes,  and  preparing  the  tea — 
an  easy  and  informal  meal,  which  should  consist  of 
something  easy  to  cook;  for,  after  all  that  she  has  done 
during  the  day,  this  hard- worked  girl  must "  tidy  up" 
her  kitchen  before  she  can  enjoy  a  well-earned  repose. 
It  is  so  annoying  to  a  maid-of -all- work  to  be  obliged 
to  open  the  door  for  visitors  that  ladies  often  have  a 
little  girl  or  boy  for  this  purpose.  *In  the  country  it 
can  be  more  easily  managed. 

Tuesday  is  ironing-day  all  over  the  world,  and  the 
maid  must  be  assisted  in  this  time  of  emergency  by 
her  mistress.    Most  ladies  understand  the  process  of 


354  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

clear  starching  and  the  best  method  of  ironing  fine 
clothing ;  if  they  do  not,  they  should.  In  fact,  a 
good  house  -  keeper  should  know  everything ;  and 
when  a  lady  gives  her  attention  to  this  class  of  house- 
hold duties  she  is  invariably  more  successful  in  per- 
forming them  than  a  person  of  less  education  and  in- 
telligence. 

On  Wednesday  the  maid  must  bake  a  part  of  the 
bread,  cake,  and  pies  that  will  be  required  during  the 
week.  In  this  the  mistress  helps,  making  the  light 
pastry,  stoning  the  raisins,  washing  the  currants,  and 
beating  the  eggs.  Very  often  a  lady  fond  of  cookery 
makes  all  her  dainty  dishes,  her  desserts,  and  her 
cakes  and  pies.  She  should  help  herself  with  all  sorts 
of  mechanical  appliances.  She  should  have  the  best 
of  egg-beaters,  sugar -sifters,  bowls  in  plenty,  and 
towels  and  aprons  ad  libitum.  She  has,  if  she  be  a 
systematic  house-keeper,  a  store  closet,  which  is  her 
pride,  with  its  neat,  labelled  spice-boxes,  and  its  pote 
of  pickles  and  preserves  which  she  has  made  herself, 
and  which,  therefore,  must  be  nice. 

The  cooking  of  meat  is  a  thing  which  so  affects  the 
health  of  people  that  every  lady  should  study  it  thor- 
oughly. No  roasts  should  be  baked.  The  formulary 
sounds  like  a  contradiction ;  but  it  is  the  custom  in 
houses  where  the  necessity  of  saving  labor  is  an  im- 
portant consideration,  to  put  the  meat  that  should  be 
roasted  in  the  of  en  and  bake  it.  This  is  very  im- 
proper, as  it  dries  up  all  the  juice,  which  is  the  life- 
giving,  life-sustaining  property  of  the  meat. 

Let  every  young  house-keeper  buy  a  Dutch  oven, 
and  either  roast  the  meat  before  the  coals  of  a  good 


SYSTEM   SHOULD   BB   STRICTLY   ENFORCED.        355 

wood  fire,  or  before  the  grating  of  a  range,  in  which 
coals  take  the  place  of  wood.  By  this  method  she 
saves  those  properties  of  a  piece  of  roast  beef  which 
are  the  most  valuable.  Otherwise  her  roast  meat  will 
be  a  chip,  a  tasteless  and  a  dry  morse>,  unpalatable 
and  indigestible. 

The  cooking  of  vegetables  is  also  to  be  studied; 
potatoes  should  not  be  over-boiled  or  underdone,  as 
they  are  exceedingly  unhealthy  if  not  properly  cooked^ 
Bread  must  be  well  kneaded  and  delicately  baked ;  a 
woman  who  understands  the  uses  of  fire — and  every 
householder  should — ^has  stolen  the  secret  of  Prome- 
theus. 

On  Thursday  the  maid  must  sweep  the  house  thor- 
oughly, if  there  are  heavy  carpets,  as  this  is  work  for 
the  strong-armed  and  the  strong-handed.  The  mis- 
tress can  follow  with  the  dusting-brush  and  the  cloth, 
and,  again,  the  maid  may  follow  in  her  footstep  with 
step-ladder,  and  wipe  ofl?  mirrors  and  windows. 

Many  ladies  have  a  different  calendar  from  this, 
and  prefer  to  have  their  work  done  on  different  days; 
but  whatever  may  be  the  system  for  the  management 
of  a  house,  it  should  be  strictly  carried  out,  and  all 
the  help  that  may  accrue  from  punctuality  and  order 
rendered  to  a  maid  in  the  discharge  of  her  arduous 
and  multifarious  duties. 

Most  families  have  a  sort  of  general  house-cleaning 
on  Friday:  floors  are  scrubbed  and  brasses  cleaned, 
the  silver  given  a  better  cleansing,  and  the  closets 
eiamined,  the  knives  are  scoured  more  thoroughly, 
and  the  lady  puts  her  linen-closet  in  order,  throwing 
sweet  lavender  between  the  sheets.     On  Saturday 


356  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

more  bread  and  cake  are  baked,  the  Sunday's  dinner 
prepared,  that  the  maid  may  have  her  Sunday  after- 
noon out,  and  the  busy  week  is  ended  with  a  clean 
kitchen,  a  well-swept  and  garnished  house,  and  all  the 
cooking  done  except  the  Sunday  meat  and  vegetables. 
To  conduct  the  business  of  a  house  through  the 
week,  with  three  meals  each  day,  and  all  the  work 
well  done,  by  one  maid,  is  a  very  creditable  thing  to 
the  mistress.  The  "order  which  is  Heaven's  first 
law  "  must  be  her  chief  help  in  this  difficult  matter ; 
she  must  be  willing  to  do  much  of  the  light  work 
herself,  and  she  must  have  a  young,  strong,  willing 
maid. 


CHAPTER  XLVI. 

THE   HOUSE   WITH   TWO   SBBYANTS. 

The  great  problem  of  the  young  or  middle-aged 
house-keeper  in  large  cities  is  how  to  form  a  neat, 
happy,  comfortable  home,  and  so  to  order  the  house 
that  two  servants  can  accomplish  all  its  work. 

These  two  servants  we  call  the  cook  and  the  waiter, 
and  they  must  do  all  that  there  is  to  do,  including  the 
washing. 

When  life  was  simpler,  this  was  done  without  mur- 
muring; but  now  it  is  difficult  to  find  good  and 
trained  servants,  particularly  in  New  York,  who  will 
fill  such  places.  For  to  perform  the  work  of  a  family 
— ^to  black  the  boots,  sweep  and  wash  the  sidewalk, 
attend  the  door  and  lay  the  table,  help  with  the  wash- 
ing and  ironing,  and  make  the  fires,  as  well  as  sweep 
and  dust,  and  take  care  of  the  silver — ^would  seem  to 
require  the  hands  of  Briareus. 

It  is  better  to  hire  a  girl  "  for  general  house-work," 
and  train  her  for  her  work  as  waitress,  than  to  take 
one  who  has  done  nothing  else  but  wait  at  table.  Be 
particular,  when  engaging  a  girl,  to  tell  her  what  she 
has  to  do,  as  many  of  the  lofty  kind  object  particu- 
larly to  blacking  boots ;  and  as  it  must  be  done,  it  is 
better  to  define  it  at  once. 

A  girl  filling  this  position  should  have,  first,  the  ad- 


358  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

vantage  of  system,  and  the  family  must  keep  regular 
hours.  She  must  rise  at  six,  or  earlier,  if  necessary, 
open  the  front-door  and  parlor-blinds,  and  the  dining- 
room  windows,  and  then  proceed  to  cleanse  the  front 
steps  and  sidewalk,  polish  the  bell-pull,  and  make  all 
tidy  about  the  mats.  She  must  next  make  the  fires, 
if  fires  are  used  in  the  house,  and  carry  down  the 
ashes,  carefully  depositing  them  where  they  will  not 
communicate  fire.  She  must  then  gather  the  boots 
and  shoes  from  the  doors  of  the  sleeping-rooms,  and 
take  them  to  the  laundry,  where  she  should  brush 
them,  having  a  closet  there  for  her  brushes  and  black- 
ing. Having  replaced  the  boots  beside  the  respective 
doors  to  which  they  belong,  she  should  make  herself 
neat  and  clean,  put  on  her  cap  and  apron,  and  then 
prepare  for  laying  the  table  for  breakfast.  This  she 
does  not  do  until  she  has  brushed  up  the  floor,  caused 
the  fire  to  bum  brightly,  and  in  all  respects  made  the 
dining-room  respectable. 

The  laying  of  the  table  must  be  a  careful  and  neat 
operation;  a  clean  cloth  should  be  put  on,  with  the  fold 
regularly  running  down  the  middle  of  the  table,  the 
silver  and  glass  and  china  placed  neatly  and  in  or- 
der, the  urn-lamp  lighted,  and  the  water  put  to  boil, 
the  napkins  fresh  and  well -folded,  and  the  chairs 
drawn  up  in  order  on  either  side.  It  is  well  worth 
a  mistress's  while  to  preside  at  this  work  for  two 
or  three  mornings,  to  see  that  her  maid  understands 
her  wishes. 

All  being  in  order,  the  maid  may  ring  a  bell,  or 
knock  at  the  doors,  or  rouse  the  family  as  they  may 
wish. 


DUTIES   IN    GENERAL   HOUSB-WOBK.  359 

When  breakfast  is  over  she  removes  the  dishes,  and 
washes  the  silver  and  china  in  the  pantry.  After 
putting  everything  away,  and  opening  a  window  in 
the  dining-room,  she  proceeds  to  the  bedrooms. 

Every  one  should,  before  leaving  his  bedro6m,  open 
a  window  and  turn  back  the  clothes,  to  air  the  room 
and  the  bed  thoroughly.  If  this  has  been  neglected, 
it  is  the  servant's  business  to  do  it,  and  to  make  the 
beds,  wash  the  basins,  and  leave  everything  very 
clean.  She  must  also  dust  the  bureaus  and  tables 
and  chairs,  hang  up  the  dresses,  put  away  the  shoes, 
and  set  everything  in  order. 

She  then  descends  to  the  parlor  floor,  and  makes 
it  neat,  and  thence  to  the  kitchen,  where,  if  she  has 
time,  she  does  a  little  washing ;  but  if  there  is  to  be 
luncheon  or  early  dinner,  she  cannot  do  much  until 
that  is  prepared,  particularly  if  it  is  her  duty  to  an- 
swer a  bell.  In  a  doctor's  house,  or  in  a  house  where 
there  are  many  calls,  some  one  to  attend  exclusively 
at  the  door  is  almost  indispensable. 

After  the  early  dinner  or  lunch,  the  maid  has  a  few 
hours'  washing  and  ironing  before  getting  ready  for 
the  late  dinner  or  tea,  which  is  the  important  meal 
of  the  day.  If  she  is  systematic,  and  the  family  are 
punctual,  a  girl  can  do  a  great  deal  of  washing  and 
ironing  on  Monday,  Tuesday,  and  Wednesday,  even 
if  she  has  to  answer  the  bell ;  but  if  she  is  not  sys- 
tematic, and  the  meals  are  not  at  regular  hours,  she 
cannot  do  much. 

On  Thursday,  which  we  have  already  designated  as 
sweeping  day,  she  must  sweep  the  whole  house,  all  the 
carpets,  shake  the  rugs  in  the  back  yard,  shake  and 


360  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

sweep  down  the  heavy  curtains,  and  dust  the  mirror- 
frames  with  a  long  feather- duster.  The  mistress  can 
help  her  by  insisting  that  her  family  shall  leave  their 
rooms  early,  and  by  herself  refusing  to  see  visitors  on 
sweeping  day. 

On  Friday,  in  addition  to  the  usual  daily  work,  the 
silver  must  be  polished,  the  brass  rubbed,  and  the 
closets  (which,  in  the  hurry  of  the  week's  work,  may 
have  been  neglected),  carefully  cleaned  and  ventilated. 
On  Friday  afternoon  the  napkins  and  towels  should 
be  washed. 

On  Saturday  these  should  be  ironed,  and  every- 
thing, so  far  as  possible,  made  ready  for  Sunday. 

The  cook,  meantime,  should  rise  even  earlier  than 
the  waiter;  should  descend  in  time  to  receive  the 
milkman,  the  iceman,  and  the  breadman;  should  un- 
lock the  basement-door,  sweep  out  the  hall,  and  take 
in  the  barrels  which  have  been  left  out  with  the  ashes 
and  other  refuse. 

A  cook  should  be  instructed  never  to  give  away  the 
beef -dripping,  as,  if  clarified  in  cold  water,  it  is  excel- 
lent for  frying  oysters,  etc.,  and  saves  butter.  The 
cook  should  air  the  kitchen  and  laundry,  build  the  fire 
in  the  range,  and  sweep  carefully  before  she  begins 
to  cook. 

A  careful  house-keeper  takes  care  that  her  cook  shall 
make  her  toilet  in  her  room,  not  in  the  kitchen.  Par- 
ticularly should  she  be  made  to  arrange  her  hair  up- 
stairs, as  some  cooks  have  an  exceedingly  nasty  habit 
of  combing  their  hair  in  the  kitchen.  It  will  repay 
a  house-keeper  to  make  several  visits  to  the  kitchen 
at  unexpected  hours. 


DUTIES   OF   A  COOK.  861 

Cooks  vary  so  decidedly  in  their  way  of  preparing 
meals  that  no  general  directions  can  be  given ;  but 
the  best  should  be  made  to  follow  certain  rules,  and 
the  worst  should  be  watched  and  guarded.  A  great 
cleanliness  as  to  pots  and  kettles,  particularly  the  tea- 
kettle, should  be  insisted  upon,  and  the  closets,  pails, 
barrels,  etc.,  be  carefully  watched.  Many  a  case  of 
typhoid  fever  can  be  traced  to  the  cook's  slop-pail,  or 
closets,  or  sink,  and  no  lady  should  be  careless  of  look- 
ing into  all  these  places. 

A  cook,  properly  trained,  can  get  up  a  good  break- 
fast out  of  remains  of  the  dinner  of  the  preceding  day, 
or  some  picked-up  cod-fish,  toast,  potatoes  sliced  and 
fried,  or  mashed,  boiled,  stewed,  or  baked.  The  mak- 
ing of  good  clear  coffee  is  not  often  understood  by 
the  green  Irish  cook.  The  mistress  must  teach  her 
this  useful  art,  and  also  how  to  make  good  tea,  al- 
though the  latter  is  generally  made  on  the  table. 

With  the  sending  up  of  the  breakfast  comes  the 
first  chance  of  a  collision  between  cook  and  waiter ; 
and  disagreeable,  bad-tempered  servants  make  much 
of  this  opportunity.  The  cook  in  city  houses  puts 
the  dinner  on  the  dumb-waiter  and  sends  it  up  to  the 
waiter,  who  takes  it  off.  All  the  heavy  meat-dishes 
and  the  greasy  plates  are  sent  down  to  the  cook  to 
wash,  and  herein  lies  many  a  grievance  which  the  mis- 
tress can  anticipate  and  prevent  by  forbidding  the  use 
of  the  dumb-waiter  if  it  leads  to  quarrelling,  and  by 
making  the  maids  carry  all  the  plates  and  dishes  up 
and  down.  This  course  of  treatment  will  soon  cure 
them  of  their  little  tempers. 

In  plain  households  the  cook  has  much  less  to  do 


362  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

than  the  waiter ;  she  should  therefore  undertake  the 
greater  part  of  the  washing  and  ironing.  Many  very 
good  cooks  will  do  all  the  washing  and  ironing  except 
the  table  linen  and  the  towels  used  by  the  waiter ;  and 
if  this  arrangement  is  made  at  first,  no  trouble  ensues. 
The  great  trouble  in  most  households  comes  from  the 
fact  that  the  work  is  not  definitely  divided,  and  that 
one  servant  declares  that  the  other  is  imposing  upon 
her. 

If  a  mistress  is  fair,  honorable,  strict,  and  attentive, 
she  can  thus  carry  on  a  large  household  (if  there  are 
no  young  children)  with  two  energetic  servants.  She 
cannot,  of  course,  have  elegant  house-keeping ;  it  is  a 
very  arduous  undertaking  to  conduct  a  city  house 
with  the  assistance  of  only  two  people.  Many  young 
house-keepers  become  discouraged,  and  many  old  ones 
do  so  as  well,  and  send  the  washing  and  ironing  to  a 
public  laundry.  But  as  small  incomes  are  the  rule, 
and  as  most  people  must  economize,  it  has  been  done, 
and  it  can  be  done.  The  mistress  will  find  it  to  her 
advantage  to  have  a  very  great  profusion  of  towels 
and  dusters,  and  also  to  supply  the  kitchen  with  every 
requisite  utensil  for  cooking  a  good  dinner,  or  for  the 
execution  of  the  ordinary  daily  work — such  tools  as 
an  ice-hammer,  a  can-opener,  plenty  of  corkscrews, 
a  knife-sharpener  and  several  large,  strong  knives,  a 
meat-chopper  and  bread-baskets,  stone  pots  and  jars. 
The  modem  refrigerator  has  simplified  kitchen-work 
very  much,  and  no  one  who  has  lived  long  enough  to 
remember  when  it  was  not  used  can  fail  to  bless  its 
airy  and  cool  closets  and  its  orderly  arrangements. 

The  "privileges"  of  these  hard -worked  servants 


CC-n-n-rTTTT-n^co  " 


PRIVILBGKS       SHOULD   BB    BBSPEGTED  363 

should  be  respected.  "  An  evening  a  week,  and  every 
other  Sunday  afternoon,"  is  a  formula  not  to  be  for- 
gotten. Consider  what  it  is  to  them !  Perhaps  a 
visit  tp  a  sick  sister  or  mother,  a  recreation  much 
needed,  a  simple  pleasure,  but  one  which  is  to  them 
what  a  refreshing  book,  a  visit  to  the  opera,  or  a  drive 
in  the  park,  is  to  their  employers.  Only  a  very  cruel 
mistress  will  ever  fail  to  keep  her  promise  to  a  faith- 
ful servant  on  these  too  infrequent  holidays. 

The  early  Sunday  dinner  is  an  inconvenience,  but 
it  is  due  to  the  girls  who  count  on  their  "Sunday 
out "  to  have  it  always  punctually  given  to  them. 

Many  devout  Catholics  make  their  church -go- 
ing somewhat  inconvenient,  but  they  should  not  be 
thwarted  in  it.  It  is  to  them  something  more  than  it 
is  to  Protestants,  and  a  devout  Catholic  is  to  be  re- 
spected and  believed  in.  No  doubt  there  are  very 
bad-tempered  and  disagreeable  girls  who  make  a  pre- 
tence of  religion,  but  the  mistress  should  be  slow  to 
condemn,  lest  she  wrong  one  who  is  sincerely  pious. 

In  sickness,  Irish  girls  are  generally  kind  and  ac- 
commodating, being  themselves  unselfish,  and  are  apt 
to  show  a  better  spirit  in  a  time  of  trouble  than  the 
Swedes,  the  Germans,  or  the  Scotch,  although  the  lat- 
ter are  possessed  of  more  intelligence,  and  are  more 
readily  trained  to  habits  of  order  and  system.  The 
warm  heart  and  the  confused  brain,  the  want  of  truth, 
of  the  average  Irish  servant  will  perplex  and  annoy 
while  it  touches  the  sympathies  of  a  woman  of  gen- 
erous spirit. 

The  women  who  would  make  the  best  house-ser- 
vants are  New  England  girls  who  have  been  brought 


364 


MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 


ap  in  poor  but  comfortable  homes.  But  they  will 
not  be  servants.  They  have  imbibed  the  foolish  idea 
that  the  position  of  a  girl  who  does  house -work  is 
inferior  in  gentility  to  that  of  one  who  works  in  a 
factory,  or  a  printing-office,  or  a  milliner's  shop.  It 
is  a  great  mistake,  and  one  which  fills  the  country 
with  incapable  wives  for  the  working-man;  for  a 
woman  who  cannot  make  bread  or  cook  a  decent  din- 
ner is  a  fraud  if  she  marry  a  poor  man  who  expects 
her  to  do  it. 

That  would  be  a  good  and  a  great  woman  who 
would  preach  a  crusade  against  this  false  doctrine — 
who  would  say  to  the  young  women  of  her  neighbor- 
hood, "  I  will  give  a  marriage  portion  to  any  of  you 
who  will  go  into  domestic  service,  become  good  cooks 
and  waiters,  and  will  bring  me  your  certificates  of  effi- 
ciency at  the  end  of  five  years." 

And  if  those  who  employ  could  have  these  clear 
brains  and  thrifty  hands,  how  much  more  would  they 
be  willing  to  give  in  dollars  and  cents  a  month  1 


CHAPTER  XLVIL 

THE  HOUSE  WITH  MANY  SEBVANT8. 

A  LADY  who  assumes  the  control  of  an  elegant  house 
without  previous  training  had  better,  for  a  year  at 
least,  employ  an  English  house-keeper,  who  will  teach 
her  the  system  necessary  to  make  so  many  servants 
work  properly  together;  for,  unless  she  knows  how 
to  manage  them,  each  servant  will  be  a  trouble  in^ 
stead  of  a  help,  and  there  will  be  no  end  to  that  ex- 
asperating complaint,  "  That  is  not  my  work." 

The  English  house-keeper  is  given  full  power  by 
her  mistress  to  hire  and  discharge  servants,  to  ar- 
range their  meals,  their  hours,  and  their  duties,  so  as 
to  make  the  domestic  wheels  run  smoothly,  and  to 
achieve  that  perfection  of  service  which  all  who  have 
stayed  in  an  English  house  can  appreciate.  She  is  a 
personage  of  much  importance  in  the  house.  She  gen- 
erally dresses  in  moire  antique^  and  is  lofty  in  her  man- 
ners. She  alone,  except  the  maid,  approaches  the  mis- 
tress, and  receives  such  general  orders  as  that  lady 
may  choose  to  give.  The  house-keeper  has  her  own 
room,  where  she  takes  her  meals  alone,  or  invites  those 
whom  she  wishes  to  eat  with  her.  Thus  we  see  in 
English  novels  that  the  children  sometimes  take  tea 
"  in  the  house-keeper's  room."  It  is  generally  a  com- 
fortable and  snug  place. 


366  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

But  in  this  country  very  few  such  house-keepers 
can  be  found.  The  best  that  can  be  done  is  to  secure 
the  services  of  an  efficient  person  content  to  be  a  ser- 
vant herself,  who  will  be  a  care-taker,  and  will  train 
the  butler,  the  footmen,  and  the  maid-servants  in  their 
respective  duties. 

Twelve  servants  are  not  infrequently  employed  in 
large  houses  in  this  country,  and  in  New  York  and 
at  Newport  often  a  larger  number.  These,  with  the 
staff  of  assistants  required  to  cook  and  wash  for  them, 
form  a  large  force  for  a  lady  to  control. 

The  house-keeper  should  hire  the  cook  and  scullery- 
maid,  and  be  responsible  for  them;  she  orders  the 
dinner  (if  the  lady  chooses);  she  gives  out  the  stores; 
the  house  linen  is  under  her  charge,  and  she  must  at- 
tend to  mending  and  replenishing  it ;  she  must  watch 
over  the  china  and  silver,  and  every  day  visit  all  the 
bedrooms  to  see  that  the  chamber-maids  have  done 
their  duty,  and  that  writing-paper  and  ink  and  pens 
are  laid  on  the  tables  of  invited  guests,  and  that  can- 
dles, matches,  and  soap  and  towels  are  in  their  re- 
spective places. 

A  house-keeper  should  be  able  to  make  fine  desserts, 
and  to  attend  to  all  the  sewing  of  the  family,  with 
the  assistance  of  a  maid — that  is,  the  mending,  and 
the  henmiing  of  the  towels,  etc.  She  should  be  firm 
and  methodical,  with  a  natural  habit  of  command,  and 
impartial  in  her  dealings,  but  strict  and  exacting; 
she  should  compel  each  servant  to  do  his  duty,  as  she 
represents  the  mistress,  and  should  be  invested  with 
her  authority. 

It  is  she  who  must  receive  the  dessert  when   it 


DITTIES    OF  THE   BUTLER.  367 

comes  from  tlie  dining-room,  watch  the  half -emptied 
bottles  of  wine,  which  men-servants  nearly  always 
appropriate  for  their  own  use,  and  be,  in  all  respects, 
a  watch-dog  for  her  master,  as  in  large  families  ser- 
vants are  prone  to  steal  all  that  may  fall  in  their 
way. 

Unfortunately  a  bad  house-keeper  is  worse  than 
none,  and  can  steal  to  her  heart's  content.  Such  a 
one,  hired  by  a  careless,  pleasure-loving  lady  in  New 
York,  stole  in  a  twelvemonth  enough  to  live  on  for 
several  years. 

The  house-keeper  and  the  butler  are  seldom  friends, 
and  consequently  many  people  consider  it  wise  to  hire 
a  married  couple  competent  to  perform  the  duties  of 
these  two  positions.  If  the  two  are  honest,  this  is  an 
excellent  arrangement. 

The  butler  is  answerable  for  the  property  put  in 
his  charge,  and  for  the  proper  performance  of  the  du- 
ties of  the  footmen  under  his  control.  He  miyst  be 
the  judge  of  what  men  can  and  should  do.  He  is 
given  the  care  of  the  wine,  although  every  gentleman 
should  keep  the  keys,  only  giving  just  so  much  to  the 
butler  as  he  intends  shall  be  used  each  day.  The  plate 
is  given  to  the  butler,  and  he  is  made  responsible  for 
any  articles  missing;  he  also  sees  to  the  pantry,  but 
has  a  maid  or  a  footman  to  wash  the*  dishes  and 
cleanse  the  silver.  All  the  arrangements  for  dinner 
devolve  upon  him,  and  when  it  is  served  he  stands  he4 
hind  his  mistress's  chair.  He  looks  after  the  foot- 
man who  answers  the  bell,  and  takes  care  that  he 
shall  be  properly  dressed  and  at  his  post. 

In  houses  where  there  are  two  or  three  footmen  the 


368  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES.       ■ 

butler  serves  breakfast,  lunebeon,  tea,  and  dinner,  as- 
sisted by  such  of  his  acolytes  as  he  may  choose.  He 
should  also  wait  upon  his  master,  if  required,  see  that 
the  library  and  smoking-room  are  aired  and  in  order, 
the  newspaper  brought  in,  the  magazines  cut,  and  the 
paper-knife  in  its  place.  Many  gentlemen  in  this 
country  send  their  butlers  to  market,  and  leave  en- 
tirely to  them  the  arrangement  of  the  table. 

If  there  is  but  one  footman  in  a  large  house,  the 
butler  has  a  great  deal  to  do,  particularly  if  the  family 
be  a  hospitable  one.  When  the  footman  is  out  with 
the  carriage  the  butler  answers  the  front-door  bell, 
but  in  very  elegant  houses  there  are  generally  two 
footmen,  as  this  is  not  strictly  the  duty  of  a  butler. 
•  A  lady's-maid  is  indispensable  to  ladies  who  visit 
much;  but  this  class  of  servant  is  the  most  difficult 
to  manage.  Ladies'-maids  must  be  told,  when  hired, 
that  they  can  have  no  such  position  in  America  as 
they  ^ave  in  England':  that  they  must  make  their  own 
beds,  wash  their  own  clothing,  and  eat  with  the  other 
servants.  They  must  be  first-rate  hair-dressers,  good 
packers  of  trunks,  and  understand  dress-making  and 
fine  starching,  and  be  amiable,  willing,  and  pleasant. 
A  woman  who  combines  these  qualifications  commands 
very  high  wages,  and  expects,  as  her  perquisite,  her 
mistress's  cast-off  dresses. 

French  maids  are  in  great  demand,  as  they  have  a 
natural  taste  in  all  things  pertaining  to  dress  and  the 
toilet,  but  they  are  apt  to  be  untruthful  and  treacher- 
ous. If  a  lady  can  get  a  peasant  girl  from  some  rural 
district,  she  will  find  her  a  most  useful  and  valuable 
maid  after  she  has  been  taught. 


THJffi  lady's-maid.  369 

Many  ladies  edacate  some  clever  girl  who  has  been 
maid  for  the  position  of  house-keeper,  and  such  a  per- 
son, who  can  be  trusted  to  hire  an  assistant,  becomes 
invaluable.  She  often  accomplishes  all  the  dress-mak- 
ing and  sewing  for  the  household,  and  her  salary  of 
thirty  dollars  a  month  is  well  earned. 

As  the  duties  of  a  lady's-maid,  where  there  are 
young  ladies,  include  attending  them  in  the  streets  and 
to  parties,  she  should  be  a  person  of  unquestioned  re- 
spectability. The  maid  should  bring  up  the  hot  water 
for  her  ladies,  and  an  early  cup  of  tea,  prepare  their 
bath,  assist  at  their  toilet,  put  their  clothes  away,  be 
ready  to  aid  in  every  change  of  dress,  put  out  their  va- 
rious dresses  for  riding,  dining,  walking,  and  for  after- 
noon  tea,  dress  their  hair  for  dinner,  and  be  ready  to  find 
for  them  their  gloves,  shoes,  and  other  belongings. 

A  maid  can  be,  and  generaUy  is,  the  most  disagreea- 
ble  of  creatures;  but  some  ladies  have  the  tact  to  make 
good  servants  out  of  most  unpromising  materials. 

The  maid,  if  she  does  not  accompany  her  mistress 
to  a  party  and  wait  for  her  in  the  dressing-room, 
should  await  her  arrival  at  home,  assist  her  to  undress, 
comb  and  brush  her  hair,  and  get  ready  the  bath.  She 
should  also  have  a  cup  of  hot  tea  or  chocolate  in  readi- 
ness for  her.  She  must  keep  her  clothes  in  order, 
sew  new  ruffles  in  her  dresses,  and  do  all  the  millinery 
and  dress-making  required  of  her. 

Very  often  the  maid  is  required  to  attend  to  the 
brio-^-brac  and  pretty  ornaments  of  the  mantel,  to 
keep  fresh  flowers  in  the  drawing-room  or  bedroom, 
and,  above  all,  to  wash  the  pet  dog.  As  almost  all 
women  are  fond  of  dogs,  this  is  not  a  disagreeable 


370  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

duty  to  a  French  maid,  and  she  gives  Fifine  his  bath 
without  grumbling.  Bat  if  she  be  expected  to  speak 
French  to  the  children,  she  sometimes  rebels,  particu- 
larly if  she  and  the  nurse  should  not  be  good  friends. 

A  lady,  in  hiring  a  maid,  should  specify  the  extra 
duties  she  will  be  required  to  perform,  and  thus  give 
her  the  option  of  refusing  the  situation.  If  she  ac- 
cepts it,  she  must  be  made  strictly  to  account  for  any 
neglect  or  omission  of  her  work.  A  maid  with  an 
indulgent  mistress  is  free  in  the  evenings,  after  eight 
o'clock,  and  every  Sunday  afternoon. 

In  families  where  there  are  many  children,  two 
nurses  are  frequently  required — a  head  nurse  and  an 
assistant. 

The  nursery  governess  is  much  oftener  employed 
now  in  this  country  than  in  former  years.  This  posi- 
tion is  often  filled  by  well-mannered  and  well-educated 
young  women,  who  are  the  daughters  of  poor  men,  and 
obliged  to  earn  their  own  living.  These  young  women, 
if  they  are  good  and  amiable,  are  invaluable  to  their 
mistresses.  They  perform  the  duties  of  a  nurse,  wash 
and  dress  the  children,  eat  with  them  and  teach  them, 
the  nursery -maid  doing  the  coarse,  rough  work  of 
the  nursery.  If  a  good  nursery  governess  can  be 
found,  she  is  worth. her  weight  in  gold  to  her  em- 
ployer. She  should  not  eat  with  the  servants;  there 
should  be  a  separate  table  for  her  and  her  charges. 
This  meal  is  prepared  by  the  kitchen-maid,  who  is  a 
very  important  functionary,  almost  an  under-cook,  as 
the  chief  cook  in  such  an  establishment  as  we  are  de- 
scribing is  absorbed  in  the  composition  of  the  grand 
dishes  and  dinners. 


THE   footman's   DUTIES.  371 

The  kitchen-maid  should  be  a  good,  plain  cook, 
and  clever  in  making  the  dishes  suitable  for  chil- 
dren. Much  of  the  elementary  cooking  for  the  din- 
ing-room^ such  as  the  foundation  for  sauces  and  soups, 
and  the  roasted  and  boiled  joints,  is  required  of  her, 
and  she  also  cooks  the  servants'  dinner,  which  should 
be  an  entirely  different  meal  from  that  served  in  the 
dining-room.  Nine  meals  a  day  are  usually  cooked 
in  a  family  living  in  this  manner — ^breakfast  for  ser- 
vants, children,  and  the  master  and  mistress,  three ; 
children's  dinner,  servants'  dinner,  and  luncheon,  an- 
other three ;  and  the  grand  dinner  at  seven,  the  chil- 
dren's tea,  and  the  servants'  supper,  the  remaining 
three. 

Where  two  footmen  are  in  attendance,  the  head 
footman  attends  the  door,  waits  on  his  mistress  when 
she  drives  out,  carries  notes,  assists  the  butler,  lays 
the  table  and  clears  it,  and  washes  glass,  china,  and 
silver.  The  under-footman  rises  at  six,  makes  fires, 
cleans  boots,  trims  and  cleans  the  lamps,  opens  the 
shutters  and  the  front-door,  sweeps  down  the  steps, 
and,  indeed,  does  the  rougher  part  of  the  work  be- 
fore the  other  servants  begin  their  daily  duties. 
Each  should  be  without  mustache,  clean  shaven,  and 
clad  in  neat  livery.  His  linen  and  white  neck -tie 
should  be,  when  he  appears  to  wait  on  the  family  at 
table  or  in  any  capacity,  immaculate. 

The  servants'  meals  should  be  punctual  and  plente- 
ous, although  not  luxurious.  It  is  a  bad  plan  to  feed 
servants  on  the  luxuries  of  the  master's  table,  but  a 
good  cook  will  be  able  to  compound  dishes  for  the 
kitchen  that  will  be  savory  and  palatable. 


CHAPTER  XLVIII. 

MANirSBS. — ^A  STUDY  FOB  THE   AWKWABD  AND 

THE   SHY. 

It  is  a  comfort  to  those  of  us  who  have  felt  the 
cold  perspiration  start  on  the  brow,  at  the  prospect  of 
entering  an  unaccustomed  sphere,  to  remember  that 
the  best  men  and  women  whom  the  world  has  known 
have  been,  in  their  day,  afflicted  with  shyness.  In- 
deed, it  is  to  the  past  that  we  must  refer  when  the 
terrible  disease  seizes  us,  when  the  tongue  becomes 
dry  in  the  mouth,  the  hands  tremble,  and  the  knees 
knock  together. 

Who  does  not  pity  the  trembling  boy  when,  on  the 
evening  of  his  first  party,  he  succumbs  to  this  dread- 
ful malady?  The  color  comes  in  spots  on  his  face, 
and  his  hands  are  cold  and  clammy.  He  sits  down 
on  the  stairs  and  wishes  he  were  dead.  A  strange 
sensation  is  running  down  his  back.  ^^  Come,  Peter, 
cheer  up,"  his  mother  says,  not  daring  to  tell  him  how 
she  sympathizes  with  him.  He  is  afraid  to  be  afraid, 
he  is  ashamed  to  be  ashamed.  Nothing  can  equal 
this  moment  of  agony.  The  whole  room  looks  black 
before  him  as  some  chipper  little  girl,  who  knows  not 
the  meaning  of  the  word  "  embarrassment,"  comes  to 
greet  him.     He  crawls  off  to  the  friendly  shelter  of 

a  group  of  boys,  and  sees  the  "craven  of  the  play- 
26 


AWKWARDNESS   OF  THE   SHY   YOUTH,  373 

ground^  the  dunce  of  the  school,"  with  a  wonderful 
self -possession,  lead  off  in  the  german  with  the  pret- 
tiest girl.  As  he  grows  older,  and  becomes  the  young 
man  whose  duty  it  is  to  go  to  dinners  and  afternoon 
parties,  this  terrible  weakness,  will  again  overcome 
him.  He  has  done  well  at  college,  can  make  a  very 
good  speech  at  the  club  suppers,  but  at  the  door  of 
a  parlor  he  feels  himself  a  drivelling  idiot.  He 
assumes  a  courage,  if  he  has  it  not,  and  dashes  into 
a  room  (which  is  full  of  people)  as  he  would  attack 
a  forlorn  hope.  There  is  safety  in  numbers,  and  he 
retires  to  a  comer. 

When  he  goes  to  a  tea-party  a  battery  of  feminine 
eyes  gazes  at  him  with  a  critical  perception  of  his 
youth  and  rawness.  Knowing  that  he  ought  to  be 
supremely  graceful  and  serene,  he  stumbles  over  a 
footstool,  and  hears  a  suppressed  giggle.  He  reach- 
es his  hostess,  and  wishes  she  were  the  '^  cannon's 
mouth,"  in  order  that  his  sufferings  might  be  end- 
ed ;  but  she  is  not.  His  agony  is  to  last  the  whole 
evening.  Tea-parties  are  eternal:  they  never  end; 
they  are  like  the  old-fashioned  ideas  of  a  future 
state  of  torment  —  they  grow  hotter  and  more  sti- 
fling. As  the  evening  advances  towards  eternity 
he  upsets  the  cream- jug.  He  summons  all  his  will- 
power, or  he  would  run  away.  No;  retreat  is  im- 
possible. One  must  die  at  the  post  of  duty.  He 
thinks  of  all  the  formulas  of  courage — '^None  but  the 
brave  deserve  the  fair,"  "  He  either  fears  his  fate  too 
much,  or  his  deserts  are  small,"  ''There  is  no  such 
coward  as  self -consciousness,"  etc.  But  these  max- 
ims are  of  no  avail.    His  feet  are  feet  of  clay,  not 


374  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

good  to  Stand  on,  only  good  to  stamble  with.  His 
hands  are  cold,  tremulous,  and  useless.  There  is  a 
very  disagreeable  feeling  in  the  back  of  his  neck, 
and  a  spinning  sensation  about  the  brain.  A  queer 
rumbling  seizes  his  e^rs.  He  has  heard  that  "con- 
science makes  cowards  of  us  all.*'  What  mortal 
sin  has  he  committed?  His  moral  sense  answers 
back,  "None.  You  are  only  that  poor  creature,  a 
bashful  youth."  And  he  bravely  calls  on  all  his 
nerves,  muscles,  and  brains  to  help  him  through  this 
ordeaL  He  sees  the  pitying  eyes  of  the  woman  to 
whom  he  is  talking  turn  away  from  his  countenance 
(on  which  he  knows  that  all  his  miserable  shyness 
has  written  itself  in  legible  characters).  "And  this 
humiliation,  too?"  he  asks  of  himself,  as  she  brings 
him  the  usual  refuge  of  the  awkward — a  portfolio  of 
photographs  to  look  at.  Women  are  seldom  troubled, 
at  the  age  at  which  men  suffer,  with  bashfulness  or 
awkwardness.  It  is  as  if  Nature  thus  compensated 
the  weaker  vessel.  Cruel  are  those  women,  however, 
and  most  to  be  reprobated,  who  laugh  at  a  bashful 
man! 

The  sufferings  of  a  shy  man  would  fill  a  volume.  It 
is  a  nervous  seizure  for  which  no  part  of  his  organiza- 
tion is  to  blame ;  he  cannot  reason  it  away,  he  can 
only  crush  it  by  enduring  it :  "  To  bear  is  to  conquer 
our  Fate."  Some  men,  finding  the  play  not  worth 
the  candle,  give  up  society  and  the  world;  others  go 
on,  suffer,  and  come  out  cool  veterans  who  fear  no 
tea-party,  however  overwhelming  it  may  be. 

It  is  the  propet  province  of  parents  to  have  their 
children  taught  all  the  accomplishments  of  the  body, 


BASHFULNBSS    AMONG   MEN.  375 

that  they,  like  the  ancient  Greeks,  may  know  that 
every  muscle  will  obey  the  brain.  A  shy,  awkward 
boy  should  be  trained  in  dancing,  fencing,  boxing ;  he 
should  be  instructed  in  music,  elocution,  and  public 
speaking ;  he  should  be  sent  into  society,  whatever  it 
may  cost  him  at  first,  as  certainly  as  he  should  be  sent 
to  the  dentist's.  His  present  sufferings  may  save  him 
from  lifelong  annoyance. 

To  the  very  best  men — the  most  learned,  the  most 
graceful,  the  most  eloquent,  the  most  successful — has 
come  at  some  one  time  or  other  the  dreadful  agony 
of  bashfulness.  Indeed,  it  is  the  higher  order  of  hu- 
man being  that  it  most  surely  attacks ;  it  is  the  pre- 
cursor of  many  excellences,  and,  like  the  knight's 
vigil,  if  patiently  and  bravely  borne,  the  knight  is 
twice  the  hero.  It  is  this  recollection,  which  can 
alone  assuage  the  sufferer,  that  he  should  always 
carry  with  him.  He  should  remember  that  the  com- 
pound which  he  calls  himself  is  of  all  things  most 
mixed. 

"The  web  of  our  life  is  of  a  mingled  yam,  good 
and  ill  together."  Two  antagonistic  races — it  may 
be  his  Grandfather  Brown  and  his  Grandmother 
Williams — are  struggling  in  him  for  the  mastery; 
and  their  exceedingly  opposite  natures  are  pulling  his 
arms  and  legs  asunder.  He  has  to  harmonize  this 
antagonism  before  he  becomes  himself,  and  it  adds 
much  to  his  confusion  to  see  that  poor  little  pre- 
tender, Tom  Titmouse,  talking  and  laughing  and  mak- 
ing merry.  There  are,  however,  no  ancestral  diver- 
sities fighting  for  the  possession  of  Tom  Titmouse. 
The  grandfathers  and  grandmothers  of  Tom  Titmouse 


376  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL  USAQES. 

were  not  people  of  strong  character;  they  were  a  dec- 
orous race  on  both  sides,  with  no  heavy  intellectual 
burdens,  good  enough  people  who  wore  well.  But 
does  our  bashful  man  know  this  ?  No.  He  simply 
remembers  a  passage  in  the  "  Odyssey "  which  Tom 
Titmouse  could  not  construe,  but  which  the  bashful 
man  read,  to  the  delight  of  the  tutor : 

"  O  gods !  How  beloved  he  is,  and  how  honored 
by  all  men  to  whatsoever  land  or  city  he  comes  !  He 
brings  much  booty  from  Troy,  but  we,  having  accom- 
plished the  same  journey,  are  returning  home  having 
empty  hands !"  And  this  messenger  from  Troy  is 
Tom  Titmouse ! 

Not  that  all  poor  scholars  and  inferior  men  have 
fine  manners,  nor  do  all  good  scholars  and  superior 
men  fail  in  the  drawing-room.  No  rule  is  without 
an  exception.  It  is,  however,  a  cqpnf  ort  to  those  who 
are  awkward  and  shy  to  remember  that  many  of  the 
great  and  good  and  superior  men  who  live  in  history 
have  suffered,  even  as  they  suffer,  from  the  pin-pricks 
of  bashf ulness.  The  first  refuge  of  the  inexperienced, 
bashful  person  is  often  to  assume  a  manner  of  ex- 
treme hauteur.  This  is,  perhaps,  a  natural  fence— or 
defence ;  it  is,  indeed,  a  very  convenient  armor,  and 
many  a  woman  has  fought  her  battle  behind  it 
through  life.  No  doubt  it  is  the  armor  of  the  many 
so-called  frigid  persons,  male  and  female,  who  must 
either  suffer  the  pangs  of  bashf  ulness,  or  affect  a  cold- 
ness which  they  do  not  feel.  Some  people  are  natu- 
rally encased  in  a  column  of  ice  which  they  cannot 
break,  but  within  is  a  fountain  which  would  burst 
oat  at  the  lips  in  words  of  kindliness  if  only  the 


EXAGGERATION    OF   MANNER  A    REFUGE.  377 

tongne  could  speak  them.  These  limitations  of  nat« 
ure  are  very  strange;  we  cannot  explain  them.  It 
is  only  by  referring  to  Grandfather  Brown  and 
Grandmother  Williams  again  that  we  understand 
them  at  all.  One  person  will  be  furnished  with  very 
large  feet  and  very  small  hands,  with  a  head  dispro- 
portionately large  for  the  body,  or  one  as  remarkably 
small.  Differences  of  race  must  account  for  these 
eccentricities  of  nature  ;  we  cannot  otherwise  explain 
them,  nor  the  mental  antagonisms. 

But  the  awkward  and  the  shy  do  not  always  take 
refuge  in  a  cold  manner.  Sometimes  they  study 
manner  as  they  would  the  small-sword  exercise,  and 
exploit  it  with  equal  fervor.  Exaggeration  of  man> 
ner  is  quite  as  common  a  refuge  for  these  unfortu- 
nates as  the  other  extreme  of  calmness.  They  ren- 
der themselves  ridiculous  by  the  lowness  of  their 
bows  and  the  vivid  picturesqueness  of  their  speech. 
They,  as  it  were,  burst  the  bounds  of  the  calyx,  and 
the  flower  opens  too  wide.  Symmetry  is  lost,  grace- 
ful outline  is  destroyed.  Many  a  bashful  man,  think- 
ing of  Tom  Titmouse,  has  become  an  acrobat  in  his 
determination  to  be  lively  and  easy.  He  should  re- 
member the  jtiste  milieuy  recommended  by  Shakspeare 
when  he  says, 

'*  They  are  as  sick  that  surfeit  with  too  much, 
As  they  that  starve  with  nothing." 

The  happy  people  who  are  bom  unconscious  of  their 
bodies,  who  grow  through  life  more  and  more  grace- 
ful, easy,  cordial,  and  agreeable  ;  the  happy  few  who 
were  never  bashful,  never  nervous,  never  had  clamjny 


378  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

hands,  they  need  not  read  these  pages — ^they  are  not 
written  for  such  blessed  eyes.  It  is  for  the  wel^- 
meaningy  but  shy  and  awkward,  people  that  the  man- 
ners of  artificial  society  are  most  useful. 

For  the  benefit  of  such  persons  we  must  "  improve 
a  ceremonial  nicety  into  a  substantial  duty,"  else  we 
shall  see  a  cultivated  scholar  confused  before  a  set  of 
giggling  girls,  and  a  man  who  is  all  wisdom,  valor, 
and  learning,  playing  the  donkey  at  an  evening  party. 
K  he  lack  the  inferior  arts  of  polite  behavior,  who 
will  take  the  trouble  to  discover  a  Sir  Walter  Raleigh 
behind  his  cravat  ? 

A  man  who  is  constrained,  uneasy,  and  ungraceful, 
can  spoil  the  happiness  of  a  dozen  people.  Therefore 
he  is  bound  to  create  an  artificial  manner,  if  a  natural 
one  does  not  come  to  him,  remembering  always  that 
"  manners  are  shadows  of  virtues." 

The  manners  of  artificial  society  have  this  to  com- 
mend them:  they  meditate  the  greatest  good  to  the 
greatest  number.  We  do  not  like  the  word  "arti- 
ficial,"  or  to  commend  anything  which  is  supposed 
to  be  the  antipodes  of  the  word  "  sincere,"  but  it  is  a 
recipe,  a  doctor's  prescription  that  we  are  recommend- 
ing as  a  cure  for  a  disease.  "  Good  manners  are  to 
special  societies  what  good  morals  are  to  society  in 
general — their  cement  and  their  security.  True  po- 
liteness creates  perfect  ease  and  freedom;  it  and  its 
essence  is  to  treat  others  as  you  would  have  others 
treat  you."  Therefore,  as  you  know  how  embarrass- 
ing embarrassment  is  to  everybody  else,  strive  not  to 
be  embarrassed. 


CHAPTER  XLIX. 

HOW    TO    TREAT    A    GUBST. 

No  one  possessed  of  his  senses  would  invite  a  per* 
son  to  hi6  country  house  for  the  purpose  of  making 
him  unhappy.  >  At  least  so  we  should  say  at  first 
thought.  But  it  is  an  obvious  fact  that  very  many 
guests  are  invited  to  the  country  houses  of  their 
friends,  and  are  made  extremely  miserable  while  there. 
They  have  to  rise  at  unusual  hours;  eat  when  they 
are  not  hungry,  drive  or  walk  or  play  tennis  when 
they  would  prefer  to  do  everything  else,  and  they  are 
obliged  to  give  up  those  hours  which  are  precious  to 
them  for  other  duties  or  pleasures ;  so  that  many  peo- 
ple, after  an  experience  of  visiting,  are  apt  to  say, 
"  No  more  of  the  slavery  of  visiting  for  me,  if  you 
please  1" 

Now  the  English  in  their  vast  country  houses  have 
reduced  the  custom  of  visiting  and  receiving  their 
friends  to  a  system.  They  are  said  to  be  in  all  re- 
spects the  best  hosts  in  the  world,  the  masters  of  the 
letting-alone  system.  A  man  who  owns  a  splendid 
place  near  London  invites  a  guest  for  three  days  or 
more,  and  carefully  suggests  when  he  shall  come  and 
when  he  shall  go — a  very  great  point  in  hospitality. 
He  is  invited  to  come  by  the  three  o'clock  train  on 
Monday,  and  to  leave  by  the  four  o'clock  train  on 


380  MANNBBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

Thursday.  That  means  that  he  shall  arrive  before 
dinner  on  Monday,  and  leave  after  loncheon  on  Thurs- 
day. If  a  guest  cannot  accede  to  these  hours,  he  must 
write  and  say  so.  Once  arrived,  he  rarely  meets  his 
host  or  hostess  until  dinner-time.  He  is  conducted  to 
his  room,  a  cup  of  tea  with  some  light  refreshment 
is  provided,  and  the  well-bred  servant  in  attendance 
says  at  what  hour  before  dinner  he  will  be  received 
in  the  drawing-room.  It  is  possible  that  some  member 
of  the  family  may  be  disengaged  and  may  propose 
a  drive  before  dinner,  but  this  is  not  often  done;  the 
guest  is  left  to  himself  or  herself  until  dinner.  Gen- 
eral and  Mrs.  Grant  were  shown  to  their  rooms  at 
Windsor  Castle,  and  locked  up  there,  when  they  visit- 
ed the  Queen,  until  the  steward  came  to  tell  them 
that  dinner  would  be  served  in  half  an  hour;  they 
were  then  conducted  to  the  grand  scUany  where  the 
Queen  presently  entered.  In  less  stately  residences 
very  much  the  same  ceremony  is  observed.  The  host- 
ess, after  dinner  and  before  the  separation  for  the 
night,  tells  her  guests  that  horses  will  be  at  their  dis- 
posal the  next  morning,  and  also  asks  if  they  would 
like  to  play  lawn-tennis,  if  they  wish  to  explore  the 
park,  at  what  hour  they  will  breakfast,  or  if  they 
will  breakfast  in  their  rooms.  **  Luncheon  is  at  one, 
and  she  will  be  happy  to  see  them  at  that  informal 
meal." 

Thus  the  guest  has  before  him  the  enviable  privi- 
lege of  spending  the  day  as  he  pleases.  He  need 
not  talk  unless  he  choose;  he  may  take  a  book  and 
wander  off  under  the  trees ;  he  may  take  a  horse  and 
explore  the  county,  or  he  may  drive  in  a  victoria^ 


FBEBDOM   FROM   BESTBAINT.  381 

phaeton,  or  any  other  sort  of  carriage.  To  a  lady 
who  has  her  letters  to  write,  her  novel  to  read,  or  her 
early  headache  to  manage,  this  liberty  is  precious. 

It  mast  also  be  said  that  no  one  is  allowed  to  feel 
neglected  in  an  English  house.  If  a  lady  guest  says, 
"  I  am  a  stranger ;  I  should  like  to  see  your  fine 
house  and  your  lovely  park,"  some  one  is  found  to 
accompany  her.  Seldom  the  hostess,  for  she  has 
much  else  to  do ;  but  there  is  often  a  single  sister, 
a  cousin,  or  a  very  intelligent  goVemess,  who  is  sum- 
moned. In  our  country  we  cannot  offer  our  guests 
all  these  advantages ;  we  can,  however,  offer  them 
their  freedom,  and  give  them,  with  our  limited  hos- 
pitality, their  choice  of  hours  for  breakfast  and  their 
freedom  from  our  society. 

But  the  questioner  may  ask,  Why  invite  guests, 
unless  we  wish  to  see  them?  We  do  wish  to  see 
them — a  part  of  the  day,  not  the  whole  day.  No 
one  can  sit  and  talk  all  day.  The  hostess  should 
have  her  privilege  of  retiring  after  the  mid-day  meal, 
with  her  novel,  for  a  nap,  and  so  should  the  guest. 
Well-bred  people  understand  all  this,  and  are  glad  to 
give  up  the  pleasure  of  social  intercourse  for  an  hour 
of  solitude.  There  is  nothing  so  sure  to  repay  one 
in  the  long  run  as  these  quiet  hours. 

If  a  lady  invites  another  to  visit  her  at  Newport 
or  Saratoga,  she  should  evince  her  thought  for  her 
guest's  comfort  by  providing  her  with  horses  and 
carriage  to  pay  her  own  visits,  to  take  her  own  drives, 
or  to  do  her  shopping.  Of  course,  the  pleasure  of 
two  friends  is  generally  to  be  together,  and  to  do  the 
same  things;  but  sometimes  it  is  quite  the  reverse. 


882  MANNBBS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

The  tastes  and  habits  of  two  people  staying  in  the 
same  house  may  be  very  different,  and  each  should 
respect  the  peculiarities  of  the  other.  It  costs  little 
time  and  no  money  for  an  opulent  Newport  hostess 
to  find  out  what  her  guest  wishes  to  do  with  her  day, 
and  she  can  easily,  with  a  little  tact,  allow  her  to  be 
happy  in  her  own  way. 

Gentlemen  understand  this  much  better  than  ladies, 
and  a  gentleman  guest  is  allowed  to  do  very  much  as 
he  pleases  at  Newport.  No  one  asks  anything  about 
his  plans  for  the  day,  except  if  he  will  dine  at  home. 
His  hostess  may  ask  him  to  drive  or  ride  with  her, 
or  to  go  to  the  Casino,  perhaps ;  but  if  she  be  a  well- 
bred  woman  of  the  world  she  will  not  be  angry  if  he 
refuses.  A  lady  guest  has  not,  however,  such  free- 
dom ;  she  is  apt  to  be  a  slave,  from  the  fact  that  as 
yet  the  American  hostess  has  not  learned  that  the 
truest  hospitality  is  to  let  her  guest  alone,  and  to  al- 
low her  to  enjoy  herself  in  her  own  way.  A  thor- 
oughly well-bred  guest  makes  no  trouble  in  a  house ; 
she  has  the  instinct  of  a  lady,  and  is  careful  that  no 
plan  of  her  hostess  shall  be  disarranged  by  her  pres- 
ence. She  mentions  all  her  separate  invitations,  de- 
sires to  know  when  her  hostess  wishes  her  presence, 
if  the  carriage  can  take  her  hither  and  yon,  or  if 
she  may  be  allowed  to  hire  a  carriage. 

There  are  hostesses,  here  and  in  England,  who  do 
not  invite  guests  to  their  houses  for  the  purpose  of 
making  them  happy,  but  to  add  to  their  own  impor- 
tance. Such  hostesses  are  not  apt  to  consider  the  in- 
dividual rights  of  any  one,  and  they  use  a  guest  mere- 
ly to  add  to  the  brilliancy  of  their  parties,  and  to  make 


DUTIES  OP  A   HOSTESS.  383 

the  house  more  fashionable  and  attractive.  Some  ill- 
bred  women,  in  order  to  show  their  power,  even  in- 
sult and  illtreat  the  people  who  have  accepted  their 
proffered  hospitality.  This  class  of  hostess  is,  fortu- 
nately, not  common,  but  it  is  not  unknown. 

A  hostess  should  remember  that,  when  she  asks  peo- 
ple to  visit  her,  she  has  two  very  important  duties 
to  perform — one,  not  to  neglect  her  guests ;  the  other, 
not  to  weary  them  by  too  much  attention.  Never 
give  a  guest  the  impression  that  he  is  ''being  enter- 
tained," that  he  is  on  your  mind ;  follow  the  daily 
life  of  your  household  and  of  your  duties  as  you 
desire,  taking  care  that  your  guest  is  never  in  an  un- 
pleasant position  or  neglected.  If  you  have  a  tire^ 
some  guest  who  insists  upon  following  you  around 
and  weighing  heavily  on  your  hands,  be  firm,  go  to 
your  own  room,  and  lock  the  door.  K  you  have  a 
sulky  guest  who  looks  bored,  throw  open  the  libra- 
ry-door, order  the  carriage,  and  make  your  own  es- 
cape. But  if  you  have  a  very  agreeable  guest  who 
shows  every  desire  to  please  and  be  pleased,  give  that 
model  guest  the  privilege  of  choosing  her  own  hours 
and  her  own  retirement. 

The  charm  of  an  American  country-house  is,  gen- 
erally, that  it  is  a  home,  and  sacred  to  home  duties. 
A  model  guest  never  infringes  for  one  moment  on 
the  rights  of  the  master  of  the  house.  She  never 
spoils  his  dinner  or  his  drive  by  being  late ;  she  never 
sends  him  back  to  bring  her  parasol ;  she  never 
abuses  his  friends  or  the  family  dog ;  she  is  careful 
to  abstain  from  disagreeable  topics ;  she  joins  his 
whist-table  if  she  knows  how  to  play;  but  she  ought 


384  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

never  to  be  obliged  to  rise  an  hour  earlier  than  her 
wont  because  he  wishes  to  take  an  early  train  for 
town.  These  early -morning,  perfunctory  breakfasts 
are  not  times  for  conversation,  and  they  ruin  the  day 
for  many  bad  sleepers. 

In  a  country  neighborhood  a  hostess  has  sometimes 
to  ask  her  guests  to  go  to  church  to  hear  a  stupid 
preacher,  and  to  go  to  her  country  neighbors,  to  be- 
come acquainted  with  what  may  be  the  slavery  of 
country  parties.  The  guest  should  always  be  allowed 
to  refuse  these  hospitalities ;  and,  if  he  be  a  tired 
townsman,  he  will  prefer  the  garden,  the  woodland, 
the  retirement  of  the  country,  to  any  church  or  tea- 
party  in  the  world.  He  cannot  enter  into  his  host's 
interests  or  his  neighbor's.  Leave  him  to  his  sol 
itude  if  in  that  is  his  happiness. 

At  Newport  guest  and  hostess  have  often  different 
friends  and  different  invitations.  When  this  is  under- 
stood, no  trouble  ensues  if  the  host  and  hostess  go  out 
to  dinner  and  leave  the  guest  at  home.  It  often  hap- 
pens that  this  is  done,  and  no  lady  of  good-breeding 
takes  offence.  Of  course  a  nice  dinner  is  prepared  for 
her,  and  she  is  often  asked  to  invite  a  friend  to  share  it. 

On  the  other  hand,  the  guest  often  has  invitations 
which  do  not  include  the  hostess.  These  should  be 
spoken  of  in  good  season,  so  that  none  of  the  hostess's 
plans  may  be  disarranged,  that  the  carriage  may  be 
ordered  in  time,  and  the  guest  sent  for  at  the  proper 
hour.  Well-bred  people  always  accept  these  contin- 
gencies as  a  matter  of  course,  and  are  never  discon- 
certed by  them. 

There  is  no  office  in  the  world  which  should  be 


STBICT   OBSEBYANCfi    OF   OBLIGATIONS.  385 

filled  with  such  punctilious  devotion,  propriety,  and 
self-respect  as  that  of  hostess ;  and  the  young  man 
who  is  asked  to  be  her  guest  cannot  treat  her  with  too 
much  respect.  He  should  kiss  her  hand  when  she 
bids  him  good-morning,  and  after  he  leaves  her  house 
he  should  write  to  her  the  prettiest  and  most  grateful 
of  letters.  If  a  lady  ever  allows  her  guest  to  feel  that 
she  is  a  cause  of  inconvenience,  she  violates  the  first 
rule  of  hospitality.  If  she  fail  in  any  way  in  her  ob- 
ligations as  hostess  to  a  guest  whom  she  hac  invited, 
she  shows  herself  to  be  ill-bred  and  ignorant  of  the 
first  principles  of  politeness.  She  might  better  invite 
twelve  people  to  dinner  and  thea  ask  them  to  dine  on 
the  pavement  than  ignore  or  withdraw  from  a  written 
and  accepted  invitation,  unless  sickness  or  death  afford 
the  excuse ;  and  yet  hostesses  have  been  known  to  do 
this  from  mere  caprice.  But  they  were  necessarily 
ill-bred  people. 


CHAPTER  L. 

LADY  AND   GENTLEMAN. 

Thb  namber  of  questions  asked  by  correspond- 
ents on  the  subject  of  the  proper  use  of  the  familiar 
words  lady  and  woman^  and  of  the  titles  of  married 
women,  induces  the  reflection  that  the  "  woman  "  ques- 
tion is  one  which  rivals  in  universal  interest  those  of 
Nihilism,  Irish  rebellion,  and  the  future  presidency. 
It  is  not,  however,  of  ultimate  importance  to  a  woman 
what  she  is  called,  as  a  rose  by  any  other  name  would 
smell  as  sweet,  but  it  is  of  importance  to  those  who 
speak  of  her,  because  by  their  speech  "  shall  ye  know 
them,"  whether  fashionable  or  unfashionable,  whether 
old  or  young,  whether  well-bred  or  ill-bred,  whether 
stylish  or  hopelessly  rococo  I 

Nothing,  for  instance,  can  be  in  worse  taste  than  to 
say  "  she  is  a  beautiful  lady,"  or  "  a  clever  lady."  One 
should  always  say  "beautiful  «/Joma/i,"  "clever  toom- 
any  The  would-be  genteel  make  this  mistake  constant- 
ly, and  in  the  Rosa-Matilda  style  of  novel  the  gentleman 
always  kneels  to  the  lady,  and  the  fair  ladies  are  scat- 
tered broadcast  through  the  book,  while  the  fine  old 
Saxon  word  "  woman  "  is  left  out,  or  not  properly  used. 

Now  it  would  be  easy  enough  to  correct  this  if  we 
could  only  tell  our  correspondents  always  to  use  the 
word  "  woman."    But  unfortunately  we  are  here  con- 


USB    OF  TBRMS  "  LADY  "  AND  "  WOMAN.  387 

Strained  to  say  that  would  be  equally  "bad  form." 
No  gentleman  would  say,  "  I  am  travelling  with  wom- 
en." He  woHld  say,  "I  am  travelling  with  ladies." 
He  would  not  say,  "  When  I  want  to  take  my  women 
to  the  theatre."  He  would  say,  "When  I  want  to 
take  my  ladies."  He  would  speak  of  his  daughters 
as  "  young  ladies,"  etc.,  etc.  But  if  he  were  writing 
a  novel  about  these  same  young  ladies,  he  would  avoid 
the  word  "  lady  "  as  feeble,  and  in  speaking  of  emotions, 
looks,  qualities,  etc.,  he  would  use  the  word  "  woman." 

Therefore,  as  a  grand  generic  distinction,  we  can 
say  that  "  woman  "  should  be  used  when  the  realities 
of  life  and  character  are  treated  of.  "  Lady  "  should 
be  used  to  express  the  outside  characteristics,  the  con- 
ditions of  cultivated  society,  ^nd  the  respectful,  dis- 
tant, and  chivalric  etiquette  which  society  claims  for 
women  when  members  thereof. 

Then,  our  querist  may  ask.  Why  is  the  term,  "  she 
is  a  beautiful  ^ac^y,"  so  hopelessly  out  of  style?  Why 
does  it  betray  that  the  speaker  has  not  lived  in  a 
fashionable  set?  Why  must  we  say  "nice  woman," 
"  clever  woman,"  "  beautiful  woman,"  etc. 

The  only  answer  to  this  is  that  the  latter  phraseol- 
ogy is  a  caprice  of  fashion  into  which  plain-spoken 
people  were  driven  by  the  affectations  of  the  shabby- 
genteel  and  half -instructed  persons  who  have  ruined 
two  good  words  for  us  by  misapplication.  One  is 
"genteel,"  which  means  gentle,  and  the  other  is 
"  lady,"  which  means  everything  which  is  refined,  cul- 
tivated, elegant,  and  aristocratic.  Then  as  to  the  term 
"woman,"  this  nomenclature  has  been  much  affected 
by  the  universal  sans-culottism  of  the  French  Revolu- 


388  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

tion,  when  the  queen  was  called  citoyenne.  Maeh, 
again,  from  a  different  cause,  comes  from  our  own 
absurd  want  of  self-respect,  which  has  accrued  in  this 
confusion  of  etiquette  in  a  republic,  as  for  instance, 
"I  am  a  lady — as  much  a  lady  as  anybody — and  I 
want  to  be  called  a  lady,''  remarked  a  nurse  who  came 
for  a  situation  to  the  wife  of  one  of  our  presidents. 
'^  I  have  just  engaged  a  colored  lady  as  a  cook,"  re- 
marked a  nouveau  riche.  No  wonder  that  when  the 
word  came  to  be  thus  misapplied  the  lover,  of  good 
English  undefiled  began  to  associate  the  word  "  lady  " 
with  pretension,  ignorance,  and  bad  grammar. 

Still,  no  "  real  lady  "  would  say  to  her  nurse,  "  A 
woman  is  coming  to  stay  with  me."  To  servants  the 
term  "  lady,"  as  applied  to  a  coming  guest,  is  indis- 
pensable. So  of  a  gentleman  she  would  say  to  her 
servant,  "A  gentleman  is  coming  to  stay  here  for  a 
week;"  but  to  her  husband  or  son  she  would  say, 
"  He  is  a  clever  man,"  rather  than,  "  He  is  a  clever 
gentleman." 

We  might  almost  say  that  no  women  talk  to  men 
about  ''  gentlemen,"  and  no  men  talk  to  women  about 
"ladies,"  in  fashionable  society.  A  woman  in  good 
society  speaks  of  the  hunting  men,  the  dancing  men, 
the  talking  men.  She  does  not  say  "  gentleman,"  un- 
less in  some  such  connection  as  this,  "No  gentleman 
would  do  such  a  thing,"  if  some  breach  of  etiquette 
bad  occurred.  And  yet  no  man  would  come  into  a 
lady's  drawing-room  saying,  "  Where  are  the  girls?" 
or  "Where  are  the  women?"  He  would  say,  "Where 
isire  the  young  ladies?" 

It  therefore  requires  a  fine  ear  and  a  fine  sense  of 
27 


CASS   IN    SSLSCnON    OF   SIGHT   WOSD.  389 

modem  fashion  and  of  eternal  propriety  always  to 
choose  the  right  word  in  the  delicate  and  almost  un- 
settled estate  of  these  two  epithets.  ''  Ladylike  "  can 
never  go  out  of  fashion.  It  is  at  once  a^  compliment 
of  the  highest  order  and  a  suggestion  of  subtle  per- 
fection. The  word  "woman"  doei^  not  reach  up  to 
this,  because  in  its  broad  and  strong  etymology  it  may 
mean  a  washer -woman,  a  fighting  woman,  a  coarse 
woman,  alas!  a  drunken  woman.  If  we  hear  of  "a 
drunken  lady,"  we  see  a  downfall,  a  glimpse  of  better 
days;  chloral,  opium,  even  cologne,  may  have  brought 
her  to  it*  The  word  still  saves  her  miserable  reputa- 
tion a  little.  But  the  words  '^a  drunken  woman" 
merely  suggest  whiskey,  degradation,  squalor,  dirt, 
and  the  tenement-house. 

It  is  evident,  therefore,  that  we  cannot  do  without 
the  word  "lady."  It  is  the  outgrowth  of  years  of 
chivalric  devotion,  and  of  that  progress  in  the  history 
of  woman  which  has  ever  been  raising  her  from  her 
low  estate.  Tathe  Christian  religion  first  does  she  owe 
her  rise;  to  the  institution  of  chivalry,  to  the  growth 
of  civilization  since,  has  woman  owed  her  continual 
elevation.  She  can  never  go  back  to  the  degradation 
of  those  days  when,  in  Greece  and  Rome,  she  was  not 
allowed  to  eat  with  her  husband  and  sons.  She  waited 
on  them  as  a  servant.  Now  they  in  every  country 
serve  her,  if  they  are  gentlemen.  But,  owing  to  a 
curious  twist  in  the  way  of  looking  at  things,  she  is 
now  undoubtedly  the  tyrant,  and  in  fashionable  society 
she  is  often  imperiously  ill-bred,  and  requires  that  her 
male  slaves  be  in  a  state  of  servitude  to  which  the 
Egyptian  bondage  would  have  been  light  frivolity. 


390  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

American  women  are  said  to  be  faulty  in  manners, 
particularly  in  places  of  public  amusement,  in  railway 
travelling,  in  omnibuses,  and  in  shops.  Men  complain 
very  much  that  the  fairer  sex  are  very  brutal  on  these 
occasions.  "  I  wish  women  would  behave  like  ladieSy^ 
said  a  man  at  a  matinee.  "Yes,"  said  his  friend,  "  I 
wish  they  would  behave  like  men  J*  Just  then  a  sharp 
feminine  elbow  was  thrust  into  his  chest.  "I  wish 
gentlemen  would  not  crowd  so,"  was  the  remark  which 
accompanied  the  "dig  under  the  fifth  rib"  from  a 
person  whom  no  one  could  call  a  lady. 

In  speaking  to  a  servant,  either  a  lady  or  a  gentle- 
man will  ever  be  patient,  courteous,  kind,  not  presum- 
ing on  his  or  her  power.  But  there  should  always  be 
a  certain  ceremony  observed,  and  a  term  of  respect 
to  the  person  spoken  of.  Therefore  a  mistress  will 
not  say,  when  alluding  to  her  daughters,  or  young  fe- 
male guests,  "Have  the  girh  come  in?"  "Is  Zwcy 
home?"  She  will  say  :  "  Have  the  young  ladies  come 
in?"  "Is  Miss  Lucy  at  home?"  This  sort  of  digni- 
fied etiquette  has  the  happiest  and  the  most  beneficial 
result  on  the  relations  of  mistress  and  servant. 

In  modern  literature  the  terms  man  and  woman  have 
nearly  obliterated  the  words  gentleman  and  lady,  and 
we  can  hardly  imagine  a  more  absurd  phrase  than  the 
following:  *'  I  asked  Mary  what  she  thought  of  Charles, 
and  she  said  he  was  a  beautiful  gentleman,  and  Charles 
said  that  Mary  v^2lb  a  lovely  lady ;  so  it  was  quite  natural 
that  I  should  try  to  bring  them  together,"  etc.,  etc. 

Still,  in  poetry  we  like  the  word  lady.  "  If  my  lady 
loves  me  true,"  is  much  better  than  "  if  my  woman 
loves  me  true  "  would  be;  so  there,  again,  we  have  the 


THE    CUSTOM   IN   ENGLISH   SOCIETY.  391 

contradiction,  for  the  Anglo-Saxon  rule  of  using  the 
word  "  woman  "  when  anything  real  or  sincere  in  emo- 
tion is  in  question  is  here  honored  in  the  breach.  But 
this  is  one  of  the  many  shadowy  conflicts  which  com- 
plicate this  subject. 

The  term  "  lady  "  is  like  the  word  "  gentry  "  in  Eng- 
land— it  is  elastic.  All  persons  coming  within  the 
category  of  *'  gentry  "  may  attend  the  Queen's  Draw- 
ing-room, yet  it  is  well  understood  that  birth,  wealth, 
association,  and  position  give  the  raison  d'itre  for  the 
use  of  such  a  privilege,  and  in  that  carefully  guarded 
English  society  the  wife  or  daughters  of  an  officer  in 
the  navy  or  in  a  line  regiment  whose  means  are  slen- 
der and  whose  position  is  obscure  would  not  be  jus- 
tified in  presenting  themselves  at  court.  The  same 
remark  holds  good  of  the  wives  and  daughters  of 
clergymen,  barristers,  doctors,  authors,  and  artists, 
although  the  husband,  if  eminent,  might  attend  a 
lev6e  if  he  wished.  Yet  these  women  are  very  tena- 
cious of  the  title  of  lady,  and  no  tradesman's  wife 
would  deny  it  to  them,  while  she  would  not,  if  ever 
so  rich,  aspire  to  be  called  a  lady  herself. 

"  I  ain't  no  lady  myself,  but  I  can  afford  to  have 
'em  as  governesses,"  remarked  a  Mrs.  Kicklebury  on 
the  Rhine.  She  was  not  at  all  ashamed  of  the  fact 
that  she  was  no  lady  herself,  yet  her  compeer  and 
equal  in  America,  if  she  kept  a  gin-shop,  would  insist 
upon  the  title  of  lady. 

A  lady  is  a  person  of  refinement,  of  education,  of 
fashion,  of  birth,  of  prestige,  of  a  higher  grade  of 
some  sort,  if  we  apply  the  term  rightly.     She  may  be 
out  of  place  through  loss  of  fortune^  or  she  may  have 


392  MANNERS    AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Bullied  her  title,  bat  a  something  tells  us  that  she  is 
still  a  lady.  We  have  a  habit  of  saying,  as  some  per- 
son, perhaps  well  decked  out  with  fortune's  favors, 
passes  ns,  "She  is  not  a  lady,"  and  every  one  will 
know  what  we  mean.  The  phrase  "vulgar  lady,'' 
therefore,  is  an  absurdity;  there  is^no  such  thing;  as 
well  talk  of  a  white  blackbird;  the  term  is  self -contra- 
dictory. If  she  is  vulgar,  she  is  not  a  lady;  but  there 
is  such  a  thing  as  a  vulgar  woman,  and  it  is  a  very 
real  thing. 

In  England  they  have  many  terms  to  express  the 
word  "  woman  "  which  we  have  not.  A  traveller  in 
the  rural  districts  speaks  of  a  "kindly  old  wife  who 
received  me,"  or  a  "  wretched  old  crone,"  or  a  "  sonsy 
lassie,"  or  a  "  neat  maid,"  etc.  We  should  use  the 
word  "  woman,"  or  "  old  woman,"  or  "  girl,"  for  all 
these. 

Now  as  to  the  term  "  old  woman "  or  "  old  lady." 
The  latter  has  a  pretty  sound.  We  see  the  soft  white 
curls,  so  like  floss  silk,  the  delicate  white  camePs-hair 
shawl,  the  soft  lace  and  appropriate  black  satin  gown, 
the  pretty  old-fashioned  manner,  and  we  see  that  this 
is  a  real  lady.  She  may  have  her  tricks  of  old-fash- 
ioned speech;  they  do  not  offend  us.  To  be  sure,  she 
has  no  slang;  she  does  not  talk  about  "  awfully  jolly," 
or  a  "  ghastly  way  off ;"  she  does  not  talk  of  the  boys 
as  being  a  "  bully  lot,"  or  the  girls  as  being  "  beastly 
fine  ;"  she  does  not  say  that  she  is  "  feeling  rather 
seedy  to-day,"  etc.  No,  "our  old  lady"  is  a  "lady," 
and  it  would  be  in  bad  taste  to  call  her  an  "  old  wom- 
an," which  somehow  sounds  disrespectful. 

Therefore  we  must,  while  begging  of  our  correspond- 


TITLES   FOB   MABBISD   WOMEN.  393 

ents  to  use  the  word  "  woman  '*  whenever  they  can, 
we  must  suggest  that  they  should  not  entirely  drop 
the  word  "  lady."  The  real  lady  or  gentleman  is  very 
much  known  by  the  voice,  the  choice  of  words,  the 
appropriate  term.  Nothing  can  be  better  than  to  err 
on  the  side  of  simplicity,  which  is  always  better  than 
gush,  or  over-effort,  or  conceit  of  speech.  One  may 
be  '' ignorant  of  the  shibboleth  of  a  good  set,"  yet 
speak  most  excellent  English. 

Thackeray  said  of  George  the  Fourth  that  there 
was  only  one  reason  why  he  should  not  have  been 
called  the  "  first  gentleman  in  Europe,"  and  that  was 
because  he  was  not  a  gentleman.  Therefore,  while 
we  see  that  birth  does  not  always  make  a  gentleman, 
we  still  get  the  idea  that  it  may  help  to  make  one,  as 
we  do'  not  readily  connect  the  idea  with  Jeames,  who 
was  a  ^^gentleman's  gentleman."  He  might  have 
been  "  fine,"  but  not  "  noble." 

As  for  titles  for  married  women,  we  have  only  the 
one  word  "Mrs.,"  not  even  the  pretty  French  "Ma- 
dame." But  no  woman  should  write  herself  "Mrs." 
on  her  checks  or  at  the  foot  of  her  notes ;  nowhere 
but  in  a  hotel  register,  or  on  a  card,  should  she  give 
herself  this  title,  simple  though  it  be.  She  is  always, 
if  she  writes  in  the  first  person,  "Mary  Smith,"  even 
to  a  person  she  does  not  know.  This  seems  to  trouble 
some  people,  who  ask,  "  How  will  such  a  person  know 
I  am  married?"  'Why  should  they?  If  desirous  of 
informing  some  distant  servant  or  other  person  of  that 
fact,  add  in  a  parenthesis  beneath  "  Mary  Smith  "  the 
important  addenda,  "  Mrs.  John  Smith." 

When  women  are  allowed  to  vote,  perhaps  further 


394  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL   USAGSS. 

complications  may  arise.  The  truth  is,  women  have 
no  real  names.  They  simply  are  called  by  the  name 
of  father  or  hasband,  and  if  they  marry  several  times 
may  well  begin  to  doubt  their  own  identity.  Happy 
those  who  never  have  to  sign  but  one  new  name  to 
their  letters ! 

The  new  woman  is  bringing  in  an  endless  contra- 
diction  in  etiquette.  "Once,"  said  Bishop  Potter, 
"  woman  was  my  superior ;  alas  !  now  she  is  only  my 
equal.''  A  capital  motf  which  the  new  woman  should 
consider. 


CHAPTER  LI. 

THE   MANNERS   OF  THE   PAST. 

In  these  days,  amid  what  has  been  strongly  stated 
as  "the  prevailing  mediocrity  of  manners,"  a  study 
of  the  manners  of  the  past  would  seem  to  reveal  to 
us  the  fact  that  in  those  days  of  ceremony  a  man  who 
was  beset  with  shyness  need  then  have  suffered  less 
than  he  would  do  now  in  these  days  of  impertinence 
and  brass. 

A  man  was  not  then  expected  to  enter  a  room  and 
to  dash  at  once  into  a  lively  conversation.  The  stately 
influence  of  the  minuet  de  la  cour  was  upon  him ;  he 
deliberately  entered  a  room,  made  a  low  bow,  and  sat 
down,  waiting  to  be  spoken  to. 

Indeed,  we  may  go  farther  back  and  imagine  our- 
selves at  the  court  of  Louis  XIV,,  when  the  world 
was  broadly  separated  into  the  two  classes — the  noble 
and  Jhe  bourgeois.  That  world  which  Moli^re  divided 
in  his  dramatis  personcB  into  the  courtier,  the  provin- 
cial noble,  and  the  plain  gentleman;  and  secondly,  into 
the  men  of  law  and  medicine,  the  merchant,  and  the 
shopkeeper.  These  divisions  shall  be  for  a  moment 
considered.  Now,  all  these  men  knew  exactly,  from 
the  day  when  they  reached  ten  years  of  age,  how  they 
were  expected  to  behave  in  the  sphere  of  life  to  which 
they  were  called.     The  marquis  was  instructed  in 


396  MANNEBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

every  art  of  graceful  behavior,  the  hd  air  was  taught 
him  as  we  teach  our  boys  how  to  dance,  even  more 
thoroughly.  The  grand  seigneur  of  those  days,  the 
man  who  would  not  arrange  the  folds  of  his  own  cra- 
vat with  his  own  hands,  and  who  exacted  an  observ- 
ance as  punctilious  from  his  valets  as  if  he  were  the 
king  himself,  that  marquis  of  whom  the  great  Moli^re 
makes  such  fun,  the  courtier  whom  even  the  grand 
monarque  liked  to  see  ridiculed — ^this  man  had,  never- 
theless, good  manners.  We  see  him  reflected  with 
marvellous  fidelity  in  those  wonderful  comedies  of 
the  French  Shakespeare ;  he  is  more  than  the  fashion 
of  an  epoch — he  is  one  of  the  eternal  types  of  human 
nature.  We  learn  what  a  man  becomes  whose  busi- 
ness is  "deportment."  Even  despicable  as  he  is  in 
"  Le  Bourgeoise  Gentilhomme" — ^flattering,  borrowing 
money,  cheating  the  poor  citizen,  and  using  his  rank 
as  a  mask  and  excuse  for  his  vices — we  still  read  that 
it  was  such  a  one  as  he  who  took  poor  Moli^re's  cold 
hands  in  his  and  put  them  in  his  muff,  when,  on  the 
last  dreadful  day  of  the  actor's  life  (with  a  liberality 
which  does  his  memory  immortal  honor),  he  strove  to 
play,  "that  fifty  poor  workmen  might  receive  their 
daily  pay."  It  was  such  a  one  as  this  who  was 
kind  to  poor  Moli^re.  There  was  in  the  gens  de  cour 
a  copy  of  fine  feeling,  even,  if  they  had  it  not.  They 
were  polite  and  elegant,  making  the  people  about 
them  feel  better  for  the  moment,  doing  graceful  acts 
courteously,  and  gilding  vice  with  the  polish  of  per- 
fect manners.  The  bourgeoiSy  according  to  Moli^re, 
was  as  bad  a  man  as  the  courtier,  but  he  had,  also, 
brutal  manners  ^  and  as  for  the  magistrates  and  mer- 


GENTLENESS   BELONGS  TO   TIBTUE.  397 

chants,  they  were  harsh  and  surly,  and  very  sparing 
of  civility.  No  wonder,  when  the  French  Revolution 
came,  that  one  of  the  victims,  regretting  the  not-yet- 
forgotten  marquis,  desired  the  return  of  the  aristoc- 
racy; for,  said  he,  "  I  would  rather  be  trampled  upon 
by  a  velvet  slipper  than  a  wooden  shoe." 

It  is  the  best  definition  of  manners — "a  velvet  slip- 
per rather  than  a  wooden  shoe."  We  ask  very  little 
of  the  people  whom  we  casually  meet  but  that  the 
salutation  be  pleasant;  and  as  we  remember  how  many 
crimes  and  misfortunes  have  arisen  from  sudden  an- 
ger, caused  sometimes  by  pure  breaches  of  good  man- 
ners, we  almost  agree  with  Burke  that  "  manners  are 
of  more  importance  than  laws.  Upon  them,  in  a  great 
measure,  the  laws  depend." 

Some  one  calls  politeness  ^^benevolence  in  trifles, 
the  preferencer  of  others  to  ourselves  in  little,  daily, 
hourly  occurrences  in  the  business  of  life,  a  better 
place,  a  more  conmiodious  seat,  priority  in  being 
helped  at  table,"  etc. 

Now,  in  all  these  minor  morals  the  marquis  was  a 
benevolent  man;  he  was  affable  and  both  well  and 
fair  spoken,  '^and  would  use  strange  sweetness  and 
blandishment  of  words  when  he  desired  to  affect  or 
persuade  anything  that  he  took  to  heart" — that  is,  with 
his  equals.  It  is  well  to  study  this  man,  and  to  re- 
member that  he  was  not  always  vile.  The  Prince  of 
Cond^  had  these  manners  and  a  generous,  great  heart 
as  well.  Gentleness  really  belongs  to  virtue,  and  a 
sycophant  can  hardly  imitate  it  well.  The  perfect 
gentleman  is  he  who  has  a  strong  heart  under  the 
silken  doublet  of  a  perfect  manner. 


398  MANNEBS    AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

We  do  not  want  all  the  decent  drapery  of  life  torn 
off;  we  do  not  want  to  be  told  that  we  are  full  of  de- 
fects ;  we  do  not  wish  people  to  show  us  a  latent  an- 
tagonism; and  if  we  have  in  ourselves  the  elements  of 
roughness,  severity  of  judgment,  a  critical  eye  which 
sees  defects  rather  than  virtues,  we  are  bound  to 
study  how  to  tone  down  that  native,  disagreeable 
temper — just  as  we  are  bound  to  try  to  break  the  icy 
formality  of  a  reserved  manner,  and  to  cultivate  a 
cordiality  which  we  do  not  feel.  Such  a  command 
over  the  shortcomings  of  our  own  natures  is  not  insin- 
cerity, as  we  often  find  that  the  effort  to  make  our- 
selves agreeable  towards  some  one  whom  we  dislike 
ends  in  leading  us  to  like  the.  offending  person.  We 
find  that  we  have  really  been  the  offender,  going 
about  with  a  moral  tape-measure  graduated  by  our- 
selves, and  measuring  the  opposite  party  with  a  serene 
conceit  which  has  called  itself  principle  or  honor,  or 
some  high-sounding  name,  while  it  was  really  nothing 
but  prejudice. 

We  should  try  to  carry  entertainment  with  us,  and 
to  seem  entertained  with  our  company.  A  friendly 
behavior  often  conciliates  and  pleases  more  than  wit 
or  brilliancy;  and  here  we  come  back  to  those  polished 
manners  of  the  past,  which  were  a  perfect  drapery, 
and  therefore  should  be  studied,  and  perhaps  in  a  de- 
gree copied,  by  the  awkward  and  the  shy,  who  cannot 
depend  upon  themselves  for  inspirations  of  agreeabil- 
ity.  Emerson  says  that  "fashion  is  good-sense  enter- 
taining company;  it  hates  corners  and  sharp  points  of 
character,  hates  quarrelsome,  egotistical,  solitary,  and 
gloomy  people,  hates  whatever  can  interfere  with  total 


THB   SUCCESSFUX  MAN   BSNDS   EASILY.  399 

Mending  of  parties,  while  it  values  all  particularitiei 
as  in  the  highest  degree  refreshing  which  can  consist 
with  good-fellowship." 

It  does  the  awkward  and  the  shy  good  to  contem- 
plate these  words.  It  may  not  immediately  help  them 
to  become  graceful  and  self-possessed,  but  it  will  cer- 
tainly have  a  very  good  effect  in  inducing  them  to 
try. 

We  find  that  the  successful  man  of  the  world  has 
studied  the  temper  of  the  finest  sword.  He  can  bend 
easily,  be  is  flexible,  he  is  pliant,  and  yet  he  has  not 
lost  the  bravery  and  the  power  of  his  weapon.  Men 
of  the  bar,  for  instance,  have  been  at  the  trouble  to 
construct  a  system  of  politeness,  in  which  even  an  of- 
fensive self -estimation  takes  on  the  garb  of  humility. 
The  harmony  is  preserved,  a  trial  goes  on  with  an 
appearance  of  deference  and  respect  each  to  the  other, 
highly,  most  highly,  commendable,  and  producing  law 
and  order  where  otherwise  we  might  find  strife,  ha- 
tred, and  warfare.  Although  this  may  be  a  mimic 
humility,  although  the  compliments  may  be  judged 
insincere,  they  are  still  the  shadows  of  the  very  high- 
est virtues.  The  man  who  is  guarding  his  speech  id 
ruling  his  spirit;  he  is  keeping  his  temper,  that  fur- 
nace of  all  affliction,  and  the  lofty  chambers  of  hia 
brain  are  cool  and  full  of  fresh  air. 

A  man  who  is  by  nature  clownish,  and  who  has 
what  he  calls  a  "noble  sincerity,"  is  very  apt  to  do 
injustice  to  the  polished  man ;  he  should,  however, 
remember  that  "  the  manner  of  a  vulgar  man  has  free- 
dom without  ease,  and  that  the  manner  of  a  gentle* 
man  has  ease  without  freedom."    A  man  with  ac 


400  MANNSBS  AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

obliging,  agreeable  address  may  be  just  as  sincere  m\ 
if  he  had  the  noblie  art  of  treading  on  everybody's 
toes.  The  "  putter-down-upon-system  "  man  is  quite  as 
often  urged  by  love  of  display  as  by  a  love  of  truth; 
he  is  ungenerous,  combative,  and  ungenial ;  he  is  the 
"  bravo  of  society." 

To  some  people  a  fine  manner  is  the  gift"  of  nature. 
We  see  a  young  person  enter  a  room,  make  himself 
charming,  go  through  the  transition  period  of  boy  to 
man,  always  graceful,  and  at  man's  estate  aim  to  still 
possess  that  unconscious  and  flattering  grace,  that 
"most  exquisite  taste  pf  politeness,"  which  is  a  gift 
from  the  gods.  He  is  exactly  formed  to  please,  this 
lucky  creature,  and  all  this  is  done  for  him  by  nature. 
We  are  disposed  to  abuse  Mother  Nature  when  we 
think  of  this  boy's  heritage  of  joy  compared  with  her 
step-son,  to  whom  she  has  given  the  burning  blushes, 
the  awkward  step,  the  heavy  self-consciousness,  the 
uncourtly  gait,  the  hesitating  speech,  and  the  bashful 
demeanor. 

But  nothing  would  be  omitted  by  either  parent  or 
child  to  cure  the  boy  if  he  had  a  twisted  ankle,  so 
nothing  should  be  omitted  that  can  cure  the  twist 
of  shyness,  and  therefore  a  shy  young  person  should 
not  be  expected  to  confront  such  a  trial. 

And  to  those  who  have  the  bringing  up  of  shy 
young  persons  we  conunend  these  excellent  words  of 
Whately :  "There  are  many  otherwise  sensible  peo- 
ple who  seek  to  cure  a  young  person  of  that  very 
common  complaint — shyness — ^by  exhorting  him  not 
to  be  shy,  telling  him  what  an  awkward  appearance 
it  has,  and  that  it  prevents  his  doing  himself  justice, 


WHATELY   ON  SHYNESS.  401 

all  of  which  is  manifestly  pouring  oil  on  the  fire  to 
quench  it;  for  the  very  cause  of  shyness  is  an  over- 
anxiety  as  to  what  people  are  thinking  of  you,  a  mor- 
bid attention  to  your  own  appearance.  The  course, 
therefore,  that  ought  to  be  pursued  is  exactly  the  re- 
verse. The  sufferer  should  be  exhorted  to  think  as 
little  as  possible  about  himself  and  the  opinion  formed 
of  him,  to  be  assured  that  most  of  the  company  do 
not  trouble  their  heads  about  him,  and  to  harden  him 
against  any  impertinent  criticisms  that  he  supposed 
to  be  going  on,  taking  care  only  to  do  what  is  right, 
leaving  others  to  say  and  to  think  what  they  will." 

All  this  philosophy  is  excellent,  and  is  like  the  sen- 
sible archbishop.  But  the  presence  of  a  set  of  care- 
fully cultivated,  artificial  manners,  or  a  hat  to  hold  in 
one's  hand,  will  better  help  the  shy  person  when  he  is 
first  under  fire,  and  when  his  senses  are  about  desert- 
ing him,  than  any  moral  maxims  can  be  expected  to  do. 

Garlyle  speaks  of  the  fine  manners  of  his  peasant 
father  (which  he  does  not  seem  to  have  inherited), 
and  he  says  :  '^  I  think  that  they  came  from  his  hav- 
ing, early  in  life,  worked  for  Maxwell,  of  Keir,  a 
Scotch  gentleman  of  great  dignity  and  worth,  who 
gave  to  all  tho^e  under  him  a  fine  impression  of  the 
governing  classes."  Old  Carlyle  had  no  shame  in 
standing  with  his  hat  off  as  his  landlord  passed ;  he 
had  no  truckling  spirit  either  of  paying  court  to  those 
whose  lot  in  life  it  was  to  be  his  superiors. 

Those  manners  of  the  past  were  studied ;  they  had, 
no  doubt,  much  about  them  which  we  should  now  call 
stiff,  formal,  and  affected,  but  they  were  a  great  help 
to  the  awkward  and  the  shy. 


402  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

In  the  past  our  ancestors  had  the  help  of  oos- 
tume,  which  we  have  not.  Nothing  is  more  defence- 
less than  a  being  in  a  dress-coat,  with  no  pockets 
allowable  in  which  he  can  put  his  hands.  If  a  man 
is  in  a  costume  he  forgets  the  sufferings  of  the  coat 
and  pantaloon.  He  has  a  sense  of  being  in  a  fortress. 
A  military  man  once  said  that  he  always  fought  bet- 
ter in  his  uniform — that  a  fashionably  cut  coat  and 
an  every -day  hat  took  all  heroism  out  of  him. 

Women,  particularly  shy  ones,  feel  the  effect  of 
handsome  clothes  as  a  reinforcement.  ''There  is  an 
appui  in  a  good  gown,"  said  Madame  de  Stael.  There- 
fore, the  awkward  and  the  shy,  in  attempting  to  con- 
quer the  manners  of  artificial  society,  should  dress  as 
well  as  possible.  Perhaps  to  their  taste  in  dress  do 
Frenchmen  owe  much  of  their  easy  civility  and  their 
success  in  social  politics ;  and  herein  women  are  very 
much  more  fortunate  than  men,  for  they  can  always 
ask,  "  Is  it  becoming  ?"  and  can  add  the  handkerchief, 
fan,  muff,  or  mantle  as  a  refuge  for  trembling  hands. 
A  man  has  only  his  pockets  ;  he  does  not  wish  to 
always  appear  with  his  hands  in  them. 

Taste  is  said  to  be  the  instantaneous,  ready  appre- 
ciation of  the  fitness  of  things.  To  most  of  us  who 
may  regret  the  want  of  it  in  ourselves,  it  seems  to  be 
the  instinct  of  the  fortunate  few.  Some  women  look 
as  if  they  had  simply  blossomed  out  of  their  inner 
consciousness  into  a  beautiful  toilet ;  others  are  the 
creatures  of  chance,  and  look  as  if  their  clothes  had 
been  hurled  at  them  by  a  tornado. 

Some  women,  otherwise  good  and  true,  have,  a  sort 
of  moral  want  of  taste,  and  wear  too  bright  colors, 


INAPPEOPEIATB  DEESS  OFFENDS  US.      403 

too  many  glass  beads,  too  much  hair,  and  a  combiDa* 
tion  of  discordant  materials  which  causes  the  heart  of 
a  good  dresser  to  ache  with  anguish.  This  want  of 
taste  runs  across  the  character  like  an  intellectual 
bar-sinister,  forcing  us  to  believe  that  their  conclu- 
sions are  anything  but  legitimate.  People  who  say 
innocently  things  which  shock  you,  who  ptlt  the  lis- 
teners at  a  dinner-table  upon  tenter-hooks,  are  either 
wanting  in  taste  or  their  minds  are  confused  with 
shyness. 

A  person  thus  does  great  injustice  to  his  own  moral 
qualities  when  he  permits  himself  to  be  misrepresent- 
ed by  that  disease  of  which  we  speak.  Shyness  per- 
verts  the  speech  more  than  vice  even.  But  if  a  man 
or  a  woman  can  look  down  on  a  well-fitting,  becoming 
dress  (even  if  it  is  the  barren  and  forlorn  dress  which 
men  wore  to  parties  in  1882),  it  is  still  an  appui. 
We  know  how  it  offends  us  to  see  a  person  in  a  dress 
which  is  inappropriate.  A  chief -justice  in  the  war- 
paint and  feathers  of  an  Indian  chief  would  scarcely 
be  listened  to,  even  if  his  utterances  were  those  of  a 
Marshall  or  a  Jay. 

It  takes  a  great  person,  a  courageous  person,  to  bear 
the  shame  of  unbecoming  dress;  and,  no  doubt,  to  a 
nature  shy,  passionate,  proud,  and  poor,  the  necessity 
of  wearing  poor  or  unbecoming  clothes  has  been  an 
injury  for  life.  He  despised  himself  for  his  weakness, 
but  the  weakness  remained.  When  the  French  Rev* 
olution  came  in  with  its  aans-culotteism^  and  republi- 
can simplicity  found  its  perfect  expression  in  Thomas 
Jefferson,  still,  the  prejudices  of  powdered  hair  and 
stiff  brocades  remained.    They  gradually  disappeared. 


404  MAKNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

and  the  man  of  the  nineteenth  century  lost  the  advan- 
tages of  becoming  dress,  and  began  anew  the  battle 
of  life  stripped  of  all  his  trappings.  Manners  went 
with  these  flowing  accessaries,  and  the  abrupt  speech, 
curt  bow,  and  rather  exaggerated  simplicity  of  the 
present  day  came  in. 

But  it  iflka  not  unworthy  study — these  manners  of  the 
past.  We  are  returning,  at  least  on  the  feminine  side, 
to  a  great  and  magnificent "  princess,"  or  queenly,  style 
of  dress.  It  is  becoming  the  fashion  to  make  a  courte- 
sy, to  flourish  a  fan,  to  bear  one's  self  with  dignity 
when  in  this  fine  costume.  Cannot  the  elegance,  the 
repose,  and  the  respectfulness  of  the  past  return  also  ? 


CHAPTER  LH. 

THE   MANNERS   OP  THE   OPTIMIST. 

It  is  very  easy  to  laugh  at  the  optimist,  and  to  a<v 
cuse  him  of  "  poetizing  the  triith."  No  doubt,  an  op- 
timist will  see  excellence,  beauty,  and  truth  where 
pessimists  see  only  degradation,  vice,  and  uglineds. 
The  one  hears  the  nightingale,  the  other  the  raven 
only.  To  one,  the  sunsetting  forms  a  magic  picture; 
to  the  other,  it  is  but  a  presage  of  bad  weather  to- 
morrow. Some  people  seem  to  look  at  nature  through 
a  glass  of  red  wine  or  in  a  Claude  Lorraine  mirror; 
to  them  the  landscape  has  ever  the  bloom  of  summer 
or  a  spring-tide  grace.  To  others,  it  is  always  cloudy, 
dreary,  dull.  The  desolate  ravine,  the  stony  path,  the 
blighted  heath — that  is  all  they  can  find  in  a  book 
which  should  have  a  chapter  for  everybody.  And  the 
latter  are  apt  to  call  the  former  dreamers,  visionaries, 
fools.  They  are  dubbed  in  society  often  flatterers, 
people  whose  "  geese  are  all  swans." 

But  are  those,  then,  the  fools  who  see  only  the 
pleasant  side?  Are  they  alone  the  visionaries  who  see 
the  best  rather  than  the  worst?  It  is  strange  that  the 
critics  see  only  weakness  in  the  "  pleasant  -  spoken," 
and  only  truth  and  safety  in  those  who  croak. 

The  person  who  sees  a  bright  light  in  an  eye  other- 
wise considered  dull,  who  distrusts  the  last  scandal, 


406  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

is  supposed  to  be  foolish,  too  easily  pleased,  and  want- 
ing in  that  wise  scepticism  which  should  be  the  hand- 
maid of  common-sense;  and  if  such  a  person  in  tell- 
ing a  story  poetizes  the  truth,  if  it  is  a  principle  or  a 
tendency  to  believe  the  best  of  everybody,  to  take 
everybody  at  their  highest  note,  is  she  any  the  less 
canny?  Has  she  necessarily  less  insight?  As  there 
are  always  two  sides  to  a  shield,  why  not  look  at  the 
golden  one? 

An  excess  of  the  organ  of  hope  has  created  people 
like  Colonel  Sellers  in  the  play,  who  deluded  himself 
that  there  were  "  millions  in  it,"  who  landed  in  pov- 
erty and  wrecked  his  friends;  but  this  excess  is  scarce- 
ly a  common  one.  Far  more  often  does  discourage- 
ment paralyze  than  does  hope  exalt.  Those  who  have 
sunshine  for  themselves  and  to  spare  are  apt  to  be 
happy  and  useful  people;  they  are  in  the  aggregate 
the  successful  people. 

But,  although  good  -  nature  is  temperamental,  and 
although  some  men  and  women  are,  by  their  force  of 
imagination  and  charity,  forced  to  poetize  the  truth, 
the  question  remains  an  open  one.  Which  is  the  near- 
est to  truth,  a  pessimist  or  an  optimist  ?    Truth  is  a 
virtue  more  palpable  and  less  shadowy  than  we  think. 
It  is  not  easy  to  speak  the  unvarnished,  uucorrupted 
truth  (so  the  lawyers  tell  us).     The  faculty  of  obser- 
vation differs,  and  the  faculty  of  language  is  variable. 
Some  people  have  no  intellectual  apprehension  of  the 
truth,  although  they  morally  believe  in  it.     People 
who  abstractly  revere  the  truth  have  never  been  abl« 
to  tell  anything  but  falsehoods.     To  such  the  power 
of  making  a  statement  either  favorable  or  prejudicial 


POETIZING  THB   TBUTU.  407 

depends  upon  the  mood  of  the  moment,  not  upon  fact. 
Therefore  a  habit  of  poetizing  the  truth  would 
seem  to  be  of  either  excess  the  safest.  Society  be- 
comes sometimes  a  hot-bed  of  evil  passions — one  per- 
son succeeds  at  the  expense  of  another.  How  severe 
is  the  sufEering  proceeding  from  social  neglect  and 
social  stabs!  It  might,  much  of  it,  be  smoothed  away 
by  poetizing  the  truth  ever  so  little.  Instead  of 
bearing  an  ill-natured  message,  suppose  we  carry  an 
amiable  one.  Instead  of  believing  that  an  insult  was 
intended,  suppose  a  compliment. 

"Should  he  upbraid,  I'll  own  that  he  prevail, 
And  sing  more  sweetly  than  the  nightingale! 
Say  that  he  frown,  ru  own  his  looks  I  view 
Like  morning  roses  newly  dipped  in  dew." 

People  who  are  thus  calmly  serene  and  amiable 
through  the  frowns  and  smiles,  the  ups  and  downs,  of 
a  social  career  are  often  called  worldly. 

Well,  let  us  suppose  that  they  are.  Some  author  has 
wisely  said:  "That  the  world  should  be  full  of  world- 
liness  seems  as  right  as  that  a  stream  should  be  full  of 
water  or  a  living  body  full  of  blood."  To  conquer 
this  world,  to  get  out  of  it  a  full,  abounding,  agreeable 
life,  is  what  we  are  put  here  for.  Else,  why  such  gifts 
as  beauty,  talent,  health,  wit,  and  a  power  of  enjoy- 
ment be  given  to  us  ?  To  be  worldly,  or  worldlings, 
is  supposed  to  be  incurring  the  righteous  anger  of  the 
good.  But  is  it  not  improperly  using  a  term  of  im- 
plied reproach?  For,  although  the  world  may  be  too 
much  with  us,  and  a  worldling  may  be  a  being  not 
filled  to  the  brim  with  the  deeper  qualities  or  the 


408  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL  USAGBS. 

highest  aims,  still  he  is  a  man  necessary  to  the  day, 
the  hour,  the  sphere  which  must  be  supplied  with  peo- 
ple fitted  to  its  needs.  So  with  a  woman  in  society. 
She  must  be  a  w6rldling  in  the  best  sense  'of  the  word. 
She  must  keep  up  her  comer  of  the  great  mantle  of 
the  Field  of  the  Cloth  of  Gold.  She  must  fill  the  so- 
cial arena  with  her  influence;  for  in  society  she  is  a 
most  important  factor. 

Then,  as  a  "  complex  overgrowth  of  wants  and  frui- 
tions "  has  covered  our  world  as  with  a  banyan-tree, 
we  must  have  something  else  to  keep  alive  our  um- 
brageous growth  of  art,  refinement,  inventions,  luxa- 
ries,  and  delicate  sensibilities.   We  must  have  wealth. 


**  Wealth  is  the  golden  essence  of  the  outer  world. 


i» 


and  therefore  to  be  respected. 

Of  course  the  pessimist  sees  purse-pride,  pompons 
and  outrageous  arrogance,  a  cringing  of  the  pregnant 
hinges  of  the  knee,  false  standards,  and  a  thousand 
faults  in  this  admission.  And  yet  the  optimist  finds 
the  "  very  rich,"  with  but  few  exceptions,  amiable, 
generous,  and  kindly,  often  regretting  that  poorer 
friends  will  allow  their  wealth  to  bar  them  off,  wish- 
ing often  that  their  opulence  need  not  shut  them  off 
from  the  little  dinners,  the  homely  hospitality,  the 
small  gifts,  the  sincere  courtesies  of  those  whose 
means  are  moderate.  The  cheerful  people  who  are 
not  dismayed  by  the  superior  magnificence  of  &  friend 
are  very  apt  to  find  that  friend  quite  as  anxious  for 
sympathy  and  for  kindness  as  are  the  poor,  especially 
if  his  wealth  has  caused  him,  almost  necessarily,  to 
live  upon  the  superficial  and  the  external  in  life. 


PESSIMIST   AND    OPTIMIST.  409 

We  all  know  that  there  is  a  worldly  life,  poor  in 
aim  and  narrow  in  radius,  which  is  as  false  as  possi- 
ble. To  live  ordy  for  this  world,  with  its  changing 
fashions,  its  imperfect  judgments,  its  toleration  of 
snobs  and  of  sinners,  its  forgiveness  of  ignorance 
under  a  high-sounding  name,  its  exaggeration  of  the 
transient  and  the  artificial,  would  be  a  poor  life  in- 
deed. But,  if  we  can  lift  ourselves  up  into  the  high- 
er comprehension  of  what  a  noble  thing  this  world 
really  is,  we  may  well  aspire  to  be  worldlings. 

Julius  CsBsar  was  a  worldling ;  so  was  Shakespeare. 
Erasmus  was  a  worldling.  We  might  increase  the 
list  indefinitely.  These  men  brought  the  loftiest  tal- 
ents to  the  use  of  worldly  things.  They  showed  how 
great  conquest,  poetry,  thought  might  become  used 
for  the  world.    They  were  full  of  this  world. 

To  see  everything  through  a  poetic  vision  (the  only 
genuine  idealization)  is  and  has  been  the  gift  of  the 
benefactors  of  our  race.  B6ranger  was  of  the  world, 
worldly;  but  can  we  give  him  up?  So  were  the  great 
artists  who  flooded  the  world  with  light — ^Titian,  Tin- 
toretto, Correggio,  Raphael,  Rubens,  Watteau.  These 
men  poetized  the  truth.  Life  was  a  brilliant  drama, 
a  splendid  picture,  a  garden  ever  fresh  and  fair. 

The  optimist  carries  a  lamp  through  dark,  social  ob- 
structions. "  I  would  fain  bind  up  many  wounds,  if  I 
could  be  assured  that  neither  by  stupidity  nor  by  mal- 
ice I  need  make  one!"  is  her  motto,  the  true  optimist. 

It  is  a  fine  allegory  upon  the  implied  power  of  so- 
ciety that  the  poet  Marvell  used  when  he  said  he 
"  would  not  drink  wine  with  any  one  to  whom  he 
could  not  trust  his  life." 


410  MANNEBS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Titian  painted  his  women  con  amare.  There  was  a 
careful  shadow  or  drapery  which  hid  the  defects, 
which  none  of  us  are  without ;  but  defects  to 
the  eye  of  the  optimist  make  beauty  more  attrac- 
tive by  contrast ;  in  a  portrait  they  may  better  be 
hidden. 

To  poetize  the  truth,  in  the  science  of  charity 
and  forgiveness,  can  never  be  a  great  sin.  If  it  is 
one,  the  recording  angel  will  probably  drop  a  tear. 
This  tendency  to  optimism  is,  we  think,  more  like 
that  magic  wand  which  the  great  idealist  waved  over 
a  troubled  sea,  or  like  those  sudden  sunsets  after  a 
storm,  which  not  only  control  the  wave,  but  gild  the 
leaden  mass  with  crimson  and  unexpected  gold, 
whose  brightness  may  reach  some  storm-driven  sail, 
giving  it  the  light  of  hope,  bringing  the  ship  to  a 
well-defined  and  hospitable  shore,  and  regulating, 
with  a  new  attraction,  the  lately  distracted  compass. 
Therefore,  we  do  not  hesitate  to  say  that  the  philoso- 
phy, and  the  creed,  and  the  manners  of  the  optimist 
are  good  for  society.  However,  his  excellence  may- 
well  be  criticised ;  it  may  even  sometimes  take  its 
place  amid  those  excesses  which  are  catalogued  as 
amid  the  "  deformities  of  exaggerated  virtues."  We 
may  be  too  good,  some  of  us,  in  one  single  direction. 

But  the  rounded  and  harmonious  Greek  calm  is  hard 
to  find.  "For  repose  and  serenity  of  mind,"  says  a 
modern  author,  "  we  must  go  back  to  the  Greek  tem- 
ple and  statue,  the  Greek  epic  and  drama,  the  Greek 
oration  and  moral  treatise ;  and  modem  education 
will  never  become  truly  effectual  till  it  brings  more 
minds  into  happy  contact  with  the  ideal  of  a  baL 


/ 


TENDENCY   TO    OPTIMISM.  411 

anced,  barmoniouB  development  of  all  the  powerb  of 
mind,  body,  conscience,  and  heart." 

And  who  was  a  greater  optimist  than  your  Athepi- 
an?  He  had  a  passionate  love  of  nature,  a  rapt  and 
infinite  adoration  of  beauty,  and  he  diffused  the  splen- 
did radiance  of  his  genius  in  making  life  more  attrac- 
tive and  the  grave  less  gloomy.  Perhaps  we  of  a  bright- 
er faith  and  a  more  certain  revelation  may  borrow 
something  from  this  '^  heathen  "  Greek. 


CHAPTER   LIIL 

THE   MANNEBS   OF   THE   SYMPATHETIC. 

Sympathy  is  the  most  delicate  tendril  of  the  mind, 
ftnd  the  most  fascinating  gift  which  nature  can  give 
to  us.  The  most  precious  associations  of  the  human 
heart  cluster  around  the  word,  and  we  love  to  remem- 
ber those  who  have  sorrowed  with  us  in  sorrow,  and 
rejoiced  with  us  when  we  were  glad.  But  for  the 
awkward  and  the  shy,  the  sympathetic  are  the  very 
worst  company.  They  do  not  wish  to  be  sympathized 
with — ^they  wish  to  be  with  people  who  are  cold  and 
indifferent;  they  like  shy  people  like  themselves.  Put 
two  shy  people  in  a  room  together,  and  they  begin  to 
talk  with  unaccustomed,  glibness.  A  shy  woman  al- 
ways attracts  a  shy  man.  But  women  who  are  gifted 
with  that  rapid,  gay  impressionability  which  puts  them 
en  rapport  with  their  surroundings,  who  have  fancy 
and  an  excitable  disposition,  a  quick  susceptibility  to 
the  influences  around  them,  are  very  charming  in  gen- 
eral society,  but  they  are  terrible  to  the  awkward  and 
the  shy.  They  sympathize  too  much,  they  are  too 
aware  of  that  burning  shame  which  the  sufferer  de- 
sires to  conceal. 

The  moment  that  a  shy  person  sees  before  him  a 
perfectly  unsympathetic  person,  one  who  is  neither 
thinking  nor  caring  for  him,  his  shyness  begins  to  flee; 


J 


ANECDOTB    OF   HAWTH0BNB''S   SHYNESS.  413 

the  moment  that  he  recognizes  a  fellow- sufferer  he 
begins  to  feel  a  reinforcement  of  energy.  If  he  be  a 
lover,  especially,  the  almost  certain  embarrassment  of 
the  lady  inspires  him  with  hope  and  with  renewed 
courage.  A  woman  who  has  a  bashful  lover,  even  if 
she  is  afOiicted  with  shyness,  has  been  known  to  find  a 
way  to  help  the  poor  fellow  out  of  his  dilemma  more 
than  once.  Hawthorne,  who  has  left  us  the  most  com- 
plete and  most  tragic  history  of  shyness  which  belongs 
to  "  that  long  rosary  on  which  the  blushes  of  a  life  aie 
strung,"  found  a  woman  (the  most  perfect  character, 
apparently,  who  ever  married  and  made  happy  a  great 
genius)  who,  fortunately  for  him,  was  shy  naturally, 
although  without  that  morbid  shyness  which  accom- 
panied him  through  life.  Those  who  knew  Mrs.  Haw- 
thorne later  found  her  possessed  of  great  fascination  of 
manner,  even  in  general  society,  where  Hawthorne  waB 
quite  impenetrable.  The  story  of  his  running  down 
to  the  Concord  River  and  taking  boat  to  escape  his 
visitors  has  been  long  familiar  to  us  all.  Mrs.  Haw- 
thorne, no  doubt,  with  a  woman's  tact  and  a  woman's 
generosity,  overcame  her  own  shyness  in  order  to  re- 
ceive those  guests  whom  Hawthorne  ran  away  from, 
and  through  life  remained  his  better  angel.  It  was 
through  this  absence  of  expressed  sympathy  that  Eng- 
lish people  became  very  agreeable  to  Hawthorne.  He 
describes,  in  his  "  Note  Book,"  a  speech  made  by  him 
at  a  dinner  in  England  :  '^  When  I  was  called  upon," 
he  says,  ^'I  rapped  my  head,  and  it  returned  a  hollow 
sound." 

He  had,  however,  been  sitting  next  to  a  shy  English 
bwyer,  a  man  who  won  upon  him  by  his  quiet,  unob- 


% 


414  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

trusive  simplicity,  and  who,  in  some  well-chosen  words, 
rather  made  light  of  dinner-speaking  and  its  terrors. 
When  Hawthorne  finally  got  up  and  made  his  speech, 
his  "voice,  meantime,  having  a  far-off  and  remote 
echo,"  and  when,  as  we  learn  from  others,  a  burst  of 
applause  greeted  the  few  well-chosen  words  drawn  up 
from  that  full  well  of  thought,  that  pellucid  rill  of 
"English  undefiled,"  the  unobtrusive  gentleman  by 
his  side  applauded,  and  said  to  him,  "  It  was  hand- 
somely done."  The  compliment  pleased  the  shy  man. 
It  is  the  only  compliment  to  himself  which  Hawthorne 
ever  recorded.  • 

Now,  had  Hawthorne  been  congratulated  by  a  sym- 
pathetic, effusive  American  who  had  clapped  him  on 
the  back,  and  who  had  said,  "Oh,  never  fear — you  will 
speak  well !"  he  would  have  said  nothing.  The  shy 
sprite  in  his  own  eyes  would  have  read  in  his  neigh- 
bor's eyes  the  dreadful  truth  that  his  sympathetic 
neighbor  would  have  indubitably  betrayed — a  fear 
that  he  would  not  do  well.  The  phlegmatic  and  stony 
Englishman  neither  felt  nor  cared  whether  Hawthorne 
spoke  well  or  ill ;  and,  although  pleased  that  he  did 
speak  well,  invested  no  particular  sympathy  in  the 
matter,  either  for  or  against,  and  so  spared  Haw^- 
thome's  shyness  the  last  bitter  drop  in  the  cup,  which 
would  have  been  a  recognition  of  his  own  moral  dread. 
Hawthorne  bitterly  records  his  own  sufferings.  He 
says,  in  one  of  his  books,  "  At  this  time  I  acquired  this 
accursed  habit  of  solitude."  It  has  been  said  that  the 
Hawthorne  family  were,  in  the  earlier  generation,  af- 
flicted with  shyness  almost  as  a  disease — certainly  a 
curious  freak  of  nature  in  a  family  descended  from 


A  PBOBABLE  OUTCOME  OF  SHYNESS.      415 

robust  sea-captains.  It  only  goes  to  prove  how  far 
away  are  the  influences  which  control  our  natures  and 
our  actions. 

Whether,  if  Hawthorne  had  not  been  a  shy  man, 
afflicted  with  a  sort  of  horror  of  his  species  at  times, 
always  averse  to  letting  himself  go,  miserable  and 
morbid,  we  should  have  been  the  inheritors  of  the  great 
fortune  which  he  has  left  us,  is  not  for  us  to  decide. 
Whether  we  should  have  owned  "  The  Gentle  Boy," 
the  immortal  "Scarlet  Letter,"  "The  House  with 
Seven  Gables,"  the  "Marble  Faun,"  and  all  the 
other  wonderful  things  which  grew  out  of  that  se- 
cluded and  gifted  nature,  had  he  been  born  a  cheer- 
ful, popular,  and  sympathetic  boy,  with  a  dancing- 
school  manner,  instead  of  an  awkward  and  shy 
youth  (although  an  exceedingly  handsome  one),  we 
cannot  tell.  That  is  the  great  secret  behind  the  veil. 
The  answer  is  not  yet  made,  the  oracle  has  not 
spoken,  and  we  must  not  invade  the  penumbra  of 
genius. 

It  has  always  been  a  comfort  to  the  awkward  and 
the  shy  that  Washington  could  not  make  an  after- 
dinner  speech  ;  and  the  well-known  anecdote — "  Sit 
down,  Mr.  Washington,  your  modesty  is  even  greater 
than  your  valor  " — must  have  consoled  many  a  voice- 
less hero.  Washington  Irving  tried  to  welcome 
Dickens,  but  failed  in  the  attempt,  while  Dickens  was 
as  voluble  as  he  was  gifted.  Probably  the  very  sur- 
roundings of  sympathetic  admirers  unnerved  both 
Washington  and  Irving,  although  there  are  some  men 
who  can  never  "  speak  on  their  legs,"  as  the  saying 
goes,  in  any  society. 


416  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Other  shy  men — men  who  fear  general  society,  and 
show  embarrassment  in  the  every-day  surroundings — 
are  eloquent  when  they  get  on  their  feet.  Many  a 
shy  boy  at  college  has  astonished  his  friends  by  his 
ability  in  an  after-dinner  speech.  Many  a  voluble, 
glib  boy,  who  has  been  appointed  the  orator  of  the  oc- 
casion, fails  utterly,  disappoints  public  expectation, 
and  sits  down  with  an  uncomfortable  mantle  of  failure 
upon  his  shoulders.  Therefore,  the  ways  of  shyness 
are  inscrutable.  Many  a  woman  who  has  never  known 
what  it  was  to  be  bashful  or  shy  has,  when  called 
upon  to  read  a  copy  of  verses,  even  to  a  circle  of  .in- 
timate friends,  lost  her  voice,  and  has  utterly  broken 
down,  to  her  own  and  her  friends'  great  astonish- 
ment. 

The  voice  is  a  treacherous  servant;  it  deserts  us, 
trembles,  makes  a  failure  of  it,  is  ^'  not  present  or  ac* 
counted  for "  often  when  we  need  its  help.  It  is  not 
alone  in  the  shriek  of  the  hysterical  that  we  learn  of 
its  lawlessness,  it  is  in  its  complete  retirement.  A 
bride,  often,  even  when  she  felt  no  other  embarrass- 
ment, has  found  that  she  had  no  voice  with  which  to 
make  her  responses.    It  simply  was  not  there ! 

A  lady  who  was  presented  at  court,  and  who  felt — 
as  she  described  herself^ — wonderfully  at  her  ease,  be- 
gan talking,  and,  without  wishing  to  speak  loud,  dis- 
covered that  she  was  shouting  like  a  trumpeter.  The 
somewhat  unusual  strain  which  she  had  put  upon  her- 
self, during  the  ordeal  of  being  presented  at  the  Eng- 
lish court,  revenged  itself  by  an  outpouring  of  voice 
which  she  could  not  control. 

Many  shy  people  have  recognized  in  themselves  thig 


THE    ITNCBRTAINTY    OF  THB   VOICE.  417 

curious  and  unconscious  elevation  of  the  voice.  It  is 
not  so  common  as  a  loss  of  voice,  but  it  is  quite  as  un^ 
controllable. 

The  bronchial  tubes  play  us  another  trick  when  we 
are  frightened:  the  voice  is  the  voice  of  somebody 
else,  it  has  no  resemblance  to  our  own.  Ventriloquism 
might  well  study  the  phenomena  of  shyness,  for  the 
voice  becomes  bass  that  was  treble,  and  soprano  that 
which  was  contralto. 

"  I  dislike  to  have  Wilthorpe  come  to  see  me,"  said 
a  very  shy  woman — "I  know  my  voice  will  squeak 
so."  With  her  Wilthorpe,  who  for  some  reason  drove 
her  into  an  agony  of  shyness,  had  the  effect  of  mak- 
ing her  talk  in  a  high,  unnatural  strain,  excessively 
fatiguing. 

The  presence  of  one's  own  family,  who  are  naturally 
painfully  sympathetic,  has  always  had  upon  the  bash- 
ful and  the  shy  a  most  painful  effect. 

"I  can  never  plead  a  cause  before  my  father." 
"  Nor  I  before  my  son,"  said  two  distinguished  law- 
yers. '*If  mamma  is  in  the  room,  I  shall  never  be 
able  to  get  through  my  part,"  said  a  young  amateur 
actor. 

But  here  we  must  pause  to  note  another  exception 
in  the  laws  of  shyness. 

In  the  false  perspective  of  the  stage  shyness  often 
disappears.  The  shy  man,  speaking  the  words,  and 
assuming  the  character  of  another,  often  loses  his  shy- 
ness. It  is  himself  of  whom  he  is  afraid,  not  of  Tony 
Lumpkin  or  of  Charles  Surface,  of  Hamlet  or  of  Claude 
Melnotte.  Behind  their  masks  he  can  speak  well;  but 
if  he  at  his  own  dinner  -  table  essays  to  speak,  and 


418  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

mamma  watches  him  with  sympathetic  eyes,  and  his 
brothers  and  sisters  are  all  listening,  he  fails. 

"  Lord  Percy  sees  me  fall/* 

Yet  it  is  with  our  own  people  that  we  must  stand  or 
fall,  live  or  die ;  it  is  in  our  own  (drcle  that  we  must 
conquer  our  shyness. 

Now,  these  reflections  are  not  intended  as  an  argu- 
ment against  sympathy  properly  expressed.  A  rea- 
sonable and  judiciously  expressed  sympathy  with  our 
fellow-beings  is  the  very  highest  attribute  of  our  nature. 
"  It  unravels  secrets  more  surely  than  the  highest  crit- 
ical faculty.  Analysis  of  motives  that  sway  men  and 
women  is  like  the  knife  of  the  anatomist :  it  works  on 
the  dead.  Unite  sympathy  to  observation,  and  the 
dead  spring  to  life."  It  is  thus  to  the  shy,  in  their 
moments  of  tremor,  that  we  should  endeavor  to  be 
calmly  unsympathetic;  not  cruel,  but  indifferent,  un- 
observant. 

Now,  women  of  genius  who  obtain  a  reflected  com- 
prehension of  certain  aspects  of  life  through  sympathy 
often  arrive  at  the  admirable  result  of  apprehending 
the  sufferings  of  the  shy  without  seeming  to  observe 
them.  Such  a  woman,  in  talking  to  a  shy  man,  will 
not  seem  to  see  him ;  she  will  prattle  on  about  herself, 
or  tell  some  funny  anecdote  of  how  she  was  tumbled 
out  into  the  snow,  or  how  she  spilled  her  glass  of 
claret  at  dinner,  or  how  she  got  just  too  late  to  the 
lecture ;  and  while  she  is  thus  absorbed  in  her  little 
improvised  autobiography,  the  shy  man  gets  hold  of 
himself  and  ceases  to  be  afraid  of  her.  This  is  the 
secret  of  tact. 


THE   SHYNESS    OF   MADAME    bScAMIEB.  419 

Madame  R6camier,  the  famous  beauty,  was  always 
somewhat  shy.  She  was  not  a  wit,  but  she  possessed 
the  gift  of  drawing  out  what  was  best  in  others.  Her 
biographers  have  blamed  her  that  she  had  not  a  more 
impressionable  temper,  that  she  was  not  more  sympa- 
thetic. Perhaps  (in  spite  of  her  courage  when  she 
took  up  contributions  in  the  churches  dressed  as  a 
Neo- Greek)  she  was  always  hampered  by  shyness. 
She  certainly  attracted  all  the  best  and  most  gifted 
of  her  time,  and  had  a  noble  fearlessness  in  friend- 
ship, and  a  constancy  which  she  showed  by  following 
Madame  de  Sta^l  into  exile,  and  in  her  devotion  to 
Ballenche  and  Ohateaubriand.  She  had  the  genius  of 
friendship,  a  native  sincerity,  a  certain  reality  of  nat- 
ure— ^those  fine  qualities  which  so  often  accompany  the 
shy  that  we  almost,  as  we  read  biography  and  history, 
begin  to  think  that  shyness  is  but  a  veil  for  all  the 
virtues.  ^ 

Perhaps  to  this  shyness,  or  to  this  hidden  sympathy, 
did  Madame  R6camier  owe  that  power  over  all  men 
which  survived  her  wonderful  beauty.  The  blind  and 
poor  old  woman  of  the  Abbaye  had  not  lost  her  charm ; 
the  most  eminent  men  and  women  of  her  day  followed 
her  there,  and  enjoyed  her  quiet  (not  very  eloquent) 
conversation.  She  had  a  wholesome  heart;  it  kept  her 
from  folly  when  she  was  young,  from  a  too  over-f acUe 
sensitiveness  to  which  an  impressionable,  sympathetic 
temperament  would  have  betrayed  her.  Her  firm, 
sweet  nature  was  not  flurried  by  excitement ;  she  had 
a  steadfastness  in  her  social  relations  which  has  left 
behind  an  everlasting  renown  to  her  name. 


420  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL    USAGBS. 

And  what  are,  after  all,  these  social  relations  which 
call  for  BO  much  courage,  and  which  can  create  so 
much  suffering  to  most  of  us  as  we  conquer  for  them 
our  awkwardness  and  our  shyness?  Let  us  pause  for 
a  moment,  and  try  to  be  just.  Let  us  contemplate 
these  social  ethics,  which  call  for  so  much  that  is, 
perhaps,  artificial  and  troublesome  and  contradictory. 
Society,  so  long  as  it  is  the  congregation  of  the  good, 
the  witty,  the  bright,  the  intelligent,  and  the  gifted, 
is  the  thing  most  necessary  to  us  all.  We  are  apt  to 
like  it  and  its  excitements  almost  too  well,  or  to  hate 
it,  with  its  excesses  and  its  mistakes,  too  bitterly. 
We  are  rarely  just  to  society. 

The  rounded  and  harmonious  and  temperate  under- 
standing and  use  of  society  is,  however,  the  very  end 
and  aim  of  education.  We  are  bom  to  live  with  each 
other  and  not  for  ourselves ;  if  we  are  cheerful,  our 
cheerfulness  was  given  to  us  to  make  bright  the  lives 
of  those  about  us;  if  we  have  genius,  that  is  a  sacred 
trust;  if  we  have  beauty,  wit,  joyousness,  it  was  given 
us  for  the  delectation  of  others,  not  for  ourselves;  if 
we  are  awkward  and  shy,  we  are  bound  to  break  the 
crust  and  to  show  that  within  us  is  beauty,  cheerful- 
ness, and  wit.  "  It  is  but  the  fool  who  loves  excess.'' 
The  best  human  being  should  moderately  like  society. 


CHAPTER   LIV. 

CBBTAIN   QUESTIONS   ANSWEBBD. 

We  are  asked  by  a  correspondent  as  to  when  a  gen- 
tleman should  wear  his  hat  and  when  take  it  off.  A 
gentleman  wears  his  hat  in  the  street,  on  a  steamboat 
deck,  raising  it  to  a  lady  acquaintance;  also  in  a  prom- 
enade concert -room  and  picture-gallery.  He  never 
wears  it  in  a  theatre  or  opera-house,  and  seldom  in 
the  parlors  of  a  hotel.  The  etiquette  of  raising  the 
hat  on  the  staircases  and  in  the  halls  of  a  hotel  as 
gentlemen  pass  ladies  is  much  commended.  In  Eu- 
rope each  man  raises  his  hat  as  he  passes  a  bier,  or  if 
a  hearse  carrying  a  dead  body  passes  him.  In  this 
country  men  simply  raise  their  hats  as  a  funeral  cor- 
tige  passes  into  a  church,  or  at  the  grave.  If  a  gen- 
tleman, particularly  an  elderly  one,  takes  off  his  hat 
and  stands  uncovered  in  a  draughty  place,  as  the 
foyer  of  an  opera-house,  while  talking  to  ladies,  it  is 
proper  for  one  of  them  to  say,  ^*Pray  resume  your 
hat " — a  delicate  attention  deeply  prized  by  a  respect* 
f  ul  man,  who,  perhaps,  would  not  otherwise  cover  his 
head. 

Again,  our  young  lady  friends  ask  us  many  questions 
on  the  subject  of  propriety ,  showing  how  anxious  they 
are  to  do  right,  but  also  proving  how  far  they  are 
from  apprehending  what  in  Old-World  customs  has 


422  MANNERS  AND   SOCIAL  USAGES. 

been  always  considered  propriety.  In  our  new  coun^ 
try  the  relations  of  men  and  women  are  necessarily 
simple.  The  whole  business  of  etiquette  is,  of  course, 
reduced  to  each  one's  sense  of  propriety,  and  the  stand- 
ard must  be  changed  as  the  circumstances  demand. 
As,  for  instance,  a  lady  writes  to  know  if  she  should 
thank  a  gentleman  for  paying  for  her  on  an  excur- 
sion. Now  this  involves  a  long  answer.  In  Europe 
no  young  lady  could  accept  an  invitation  to  go  as  the 
guest  of  a  young  gentleman  on  "  an  excursion,"  and 
allow  him  to  pay  for  her,  without  losing  much  reputa- 
tion. She  would  not  in  either  England  or  France  be 
received  in  society  again.  She  should  be  invited  by 
the  gentleman  through  her  father  or  mother,  and  one 
or  both  should  accompany  her.  Even  then  it  is  not 
customary  for  gentlemen  to  invite  ladies  to  go  on  an 
excursion.  He  could  invite  the  lady's  mother  to  chap- 
eron a  theatre  party  which  he  had  paid  for. 

Another  young  lady  asks  if  she  could  with  propri- 
ety buy  the  tickets  and  take  a  young  gentleman  to 
the  theatre.  Of  course  she  could,  if  her  mother  or 
chaperon  would  go  with  her;  but  even  then  the  moth- 
er or  chaperon  should  write  the  note  of  invitation. 

But  in  our  free  country  it  is,  we  hear,  particularly 
in  the  West,  allowable  for  a  young  lady  and  gentle- 
man to  go  off  on  "an  excursion"  together,  the  gen- 
tleman paying  all  the  expenses.  If  that  is  allowed, 
then,  of  course — to  answer  our  correspondent's  ques- 
tion— she  should  thank  him.  But  if  we  were  to  an- 
swer the  young  lady's  later  question,  "  Would  this  be 
considered  etiquette  ?"  we  should  say,  decidedly.  No. 
It  may  be  a  rustic  custom,  but  it  is  very  reprehensible. 


INFORMATION   AS   TO    BTIQUETTB.  423 

* 

Another  question  which  we  are  perpetually  asked 
is  this:  How  to  allow  a  gentleman  a  proper  degree  of 
friendly  intimacy  without  allowing  him  to  think  him- 
self too  much  of  a  favorite.  Here  we  cannot  bring 
in  either  etiquette  or  custom  to  decide.  One  very 
general  law  would  be  not  to  accept  too  many  atten- 
tions, to  show  a  certain  reserve  in  dancing  with  him 
or  driving  with  him.  It  is  always  proper  for  a  gen- 
tleman to  take  a  young  lady  out  to  drive  in  his  dog- 
cart with  his  servant  behind,  if  her  parents  approve ; 
but  if  it  is  done  very  often,  of  course  it  looks  con- 
spicuous, and  the  lady  runs  the  risk  of  being,  consid- 
ered engaged.  And  she  knows,  of  course,  whether 
her  looks  and  words  give  him  reason  to  think  that  he 
is  a  favorite.     She  must  decide  all  that  herself. 

Another  writes  to  ask  us  if  she  should  take  a  gen- 
tleman's hat  and  coat  when  he  calls.  Never.  Let 
him  take  care  of  those.  Christianity  and  chivalry, 
modern  and  ancient  custom,  make  a  man  the  ser- 
vant of  women.  The  old  form  of  salutation  used  by 
Sir  Walter  Raleigh  and  other  courtiers  was  always, 
*^  Your  servant,  madam,"  and  it  is  the  prettiest  and 
most  admirable  way  for  a  man  to  address  a  woman 
in  any  language. 

Another  asks  if  she  should  introduce  a  gentleman 
who  calls  on  her  to  her  mother.  This,  we  should  say, 
would  answer  itself  did  not  the  question  reappear.  Of 
course  she  should;  and  her  mother  should  always  sit 
with  her  when  she  is  receiving  a  call  from  a  gentleman. 

But  if  in  our  lesser  fashionable  circles  the  restric- 
tions of  etiquette  are  relaxed,  let  a  young  lady  always 
remember  these  general  principles,  that  men  will  like 


424  HANNEBS    AND  SOCIAL    USAGES. 

• 

and  respect  her  far  better  if  she  is  extremely  particu- 
lar about  allowing  them  to  pay  for  her,  if  she  refuses 
two  invitations  out  of  three,  if  she  is  dignified  and 
reserved  rather  than  if  she  is  the  reverse. 

At  Newport  it  is  now  the  fashion  for  young  ladies 
to  drive  young  men  out  in  their  pony-phaetons  with 
a  groom  behind,  or  even  without  a  groom;  but  a  gen> 
tleman  never  takes  out  a  lady  in  his  own  carriage 
without  a  servant. 

Gentlemen  and  ladies  walk  together  in  the  daytime 
unattended,  but  if  they  ride  on  horseback  a  groom 
is  always  in  attendance  on  the  lady.  In  rural  neigh- 
borhoods where  there  are  no  grooms,  and  where  a 
young  lady  and  gentleman  go  off  for  a  drive  unat- 
tended, they  have  thrown  01d-.World  etiquette  out  of 
the  window,  and  must  make  a  new  etiquette  of  their 
own.  Propriety,  mutual  respect,  and  American  chiv- 
alry have  done  for  women  what  all  the  surveillance 
of  Spanish  duennas  and  of  French  etiquette  has  done 
for  the  young  girl  of  Europe.  If  a  woman  is  a  work- 
er, an  artist,  a  student,  or  an  author,  she  can  walk  the 
Quartier  Latin  of  Paris  unharmed.  An  unmarried 
girl  in  Holland  takes  the  right  arm  of  her  escort. 

But  she  has  in  work  an  armor  of  proof.  This  is  not 
etiquette  when  she  comes  into  the  world  of  fashion. 
She  must  observe  etiquette,  as  she  would  do  the  laws 
of  Prussia  or  of  England,  if  she  stands  on  foreign  shores. 

Perhaps  we  can  illustrate  this.  Given  a  pretty 
young  girl  who  shall  arrive  on  the  steamer  Gennania 
after  being  several  years  at  school  in  Paris,  another 
who  comes  in  by  rail  from  Kansas,  another  from  some 
quiet,  remote  part  of  Georgia,  and  leave  them  all  at 


DIFFERENT   VIEWS    OF   ETIQUETTE.  425 

a  New  York  hotel  for  a  winter.  Let  us  imagine 
them  all  introduced  at  a  New  York  ball  to  three  gen- 
tlemen,  who  shall  call  on  them  the  next  day.  If  the 
girl  educated  in  Paris,  sitting  by  her  mamma,  hears 
the  others  talk  to  the  young  men  she  will  be  shocked. 
The  girls  who  have  been  brought  up  far  from  the  cen- 
tres of  etiquette  seem  to  her  to  have  no  modesty,  no 
propriety.  They  accept  invitations  from  the  young 
men  to  go  to  the  theatre  alone,  to  take  drives,  and 
perhaps,  as  we  have  said,  to  "  go  on  an  excursion." 

To  the  French  girl  this  seems  to  be  a  violation  of 
propriety;  but  later  on  she  accepts  an  invitation  to 
go  out  on  a  coach,  with  perhaps  ten  or  twelve  others, 
and  with  a  very  young  chaperon.  The  party  does  not 
return  until  twelve  at  night,  and  as  they  walk  through 
the  corridors  to  a  late  supper  the  young  Western  girl 
meets  them,  and  sees  that  the  young  men  are  already 
the  worse  for  wine :  she  is  apt  to  say, "  What  a  rowdy 
crowd !"  and  to  think  that,  after  all,  etiquette  per- 
mits its  own  sins,  in  which  she  is  right. 

In  a  general  statement  it  may  be  as  well  to  say  that 
a  severe  etiquette  would  prevent  a  young  lady  from 
receiving  gifts  from  a  young  man,  except  bonbonniires 
and  bouquets.  It  is  not  considered  proper  for  him 
to  offer  her  clothing  of  any  sort — as  gowns,  bonnets, 
shawls,  or  shoes— even  if  he  is  engaged  to  her.  She 
may  use  her  discretion  about  accepting  presents  from 
a  man  old  enough  to  be  her  father,  but  she  should 
never  receive  jewellery  from  any  one  but  a  relative  or 
her  fianci  just  before  marriage.  The  reason  for  this 
is  obvious.  It  has  been  abused — the  privilege  which 
all  men*desire,  that  of  decking  women  with  finery. 


426  MANNERS    AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 

A  young  lady  should  not  write  letters  to  young 
men,  or 'send  them  presents,  or  take  the  initiative  in 
any  way.  A  friendly  correspondence  is  very  proper 
if  the  mother  approves,  but  even  this  has  its  dangers. 
Let  a  young  lady  always  remember  that  she  is  to  the 
young  man  an  angel  to  reverence  until  she  lessens  the 
distance  between  them  and  extinguishes  respect. 

Young  women  often  write  to  us  as  to  whether  it  is 
proper  for  them  to  write  letters  of  condolence  or 
congratulation  to  ladies  older  than  themselves.  We 
should  say,  Yes.  The  respect  of  young  girls  is  always 
felt  gratefully  by  older  ladies.  The  manners  of  the 
present  are  vastly  to  be  objected  to  on  account  of  a 
lack  of  respect.  The  rather  bitter  Mr.  Carlyle  wrote 
satirically  of  the  manners  of  young  ladies.  He  even 
had  his  fling  at  their  laugh  :  "  Few  are  able  to  laugh 
what  can  be  called  laughing,  but  only  sniff  and  titter 
from  the  throat  outward,  or  at  best  produce  some 
whiffling  husky  cachinnations  as  if  they  were  laughing 
through  wool.  Of  none  such  comes  good."  A  young 
lady  must  not  speak  too  loud  or  be  too  boisterous ;  she 
must  even  tone  down  her  wit,  lest  she  be  misunder- 
stood. But  she  need  not  be  dull,  or  ill-tempered,  or 
careless  of  her  manners,  particularly  to  her  mother's 
old  friends.  She  must  not  talk  slang,  or  be  in  any- 
way masculine ;  if  she  is,  she  loses  the  battle.  A 
young  lady  is  sometimes  called  upon  to  be  a  hostess 
if  her  mother  is  dead.  Here  her  liberty  becomes 
greater,  but  she  should  always  have  an  aunt  or  some 
elderly  friend  by  her  side  to  play  chaperon. 

A  young  lady  may  do  any  manual  labor  without 
losing  caste.    She  may  be  a  good  cook,  a  fine  laundress. 


THE   NBCBSSITY    OF   A    CHAPEBON.  427 

a  carver  of  wood,  a  painter,  a  sculptor,  an  embroid- 
eress,  a  writer,  a  physician,  and  she  will  be  eligible, 
if  her  manners  are  good,  to  the  best  society  anywhere. 
But  if  she  outrage  the  laws  of  good-breeding  in  the 
place  where  she  is,  she  cannot  expect  to  take  her  place 
in  society.  Should  she  be  seen  at  Newport  driving 
two  gentlemen  in  her  pony-phaeton,  or  should  she  and 
another  young  woman  take  a  gentleman  between  them 
and  drive  down  Bellevue  Avenue,  she  would  be  ta- 
booed. It  would  not  be  a  wicked  act,  but  it  would 
not  look  well;  it  would  not  be  convenable.  If  she 
dresses  "  loudly,"  with  peculiar  hats  and  a  suspicious 
complexion,  she  must  take  the  consequences.  She 
must  be  careful  (if  she  is  unknown)  not  to  attempt  to 
copy  the  follies  of  well-known  fashionable  women. 
What  will  be  forgiven  to  Mrs.  Well  Known  Uptown 
will  never  be  forgiven  to  Miss  Kansas.  Society  in  this 
respect  is  very  unjust — the  world  is  always  unjust — 
but  that  is  a  part  of  the  truth  of  etiquette  which  is  to 
be  remembered;  it  is  founded  on  the  accidental  con- 
ditions of  society,  having  for  its  background,  however, 
the  eternal  principles  of  kindness,  politeness,  and  the  . 
greatest  good  of  society.  We  cannot  too  strongly 
emphasize  the  propriety,  the  necessity,  of  every  young 
lady  who  enters  society  having  a  chaperon — a  woman 
of  perfect  manners,  strict  ideas  of  propriety,  and  of 
good  social  position. 

A  young  lady  who  is  very  prominent  in  society 
should  not  make  herself  too  common;  she  should 
not  appear  in  too  many  charades,  private  theatri- 
cals, tableaux,  etc.  She  should  remember  the  "vio- 
let by  the  mossy  stone."    She  must,  also,  at  a  wa- 


428  MANNERS    AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

tering- place  remember  that  every  act  of  hers  is 
being  criticised  by  a  set  of  lookers-on  who  are  not 
all  friendly,  and  she  must,  ere  she  allow  herself  to 
be  too  much  of  a  belle,  remember  to  silence  envious 
tongues. 


CHAPTER   LV. 

ENGLISH   TABLE   MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

In  no  respect  can  American  and  English  etiquette 
be  contrasted  more  fully  than  in  the  matter  of  the 
every-day  dinner,  which  in  America  finds  a  lady  in  a 
plain  silk  dress,  high-necked  and  long  -  sleeved,  but 
at  which  the  English  lady  always  appears  in  a  semi- 
grand  toilette,  with  open  Pompadour  corsage  and  el- 
bow sleeves,  if  not  in  low-necked,  full-dress  attire; 
while  her  daughters  are  uniformly  sleeveless,  and  gen^ 
erally  in  white  dresses,  often  low-necked  in  depth  of 
winter.  At  dinner  all  the  men  are  in  evening  dress, 
even  if  there  is  no  one  present  at  the  time  but  the 
family.  This  is  obligatory  in  a  well-bred,  family.  No 
man  should  fail  in  it.  He  may  on  Sunday  evening,  by 
the  common  consent  of  society,  dine  in  his  Prince  Al- 
bert frock-coat  and  gray  trousers,  or  in  the  comfort- 
able garment  called  a  smoker,  but  his  toilette  should 
receive  care. 

The  dinner  is  not  so  good  in  England  as  the  ordinary 
American  dinner,  except  in  the  matter  of  fish,  which 
is  universally  very  fine.  The  vegetables  are  few  and 
poor,  and  the  "  sweets,"  as  they  call  dessert,  are  very 
bad.  A  gooseberry  tart  is  all  that  is  offered  to  one 
at  an  ordinary  dinner,  although  fine  strawberries  and 
a  pine  are  often  brought  in  afterwards.    The  dinner  is 


430  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES*. 

always  served  with  ,much  state,  and  afterwards  the 
ladies  all  combine  to  amuse  the  guests  by  their  tal- 
ents. There  is  no  false  shame  in  England  about  sing- 
ing and  playing  the  piano.  Even  poor  performers  do 
Iheir  best,  and  contribute  very  much  to  the  pleasure 
of  the  company.  At  the  table  people  do  not  talk 
much,  nor  do  they  gesticulate  as  Americans  do.  They 
eat  very  quietly,  and  speak  in  low  tones.  No  matters 
of  family  history  or  religion  or  political  differences 
are  discussed  before  the  servants.  Talking  with  the 
mouth  fuU  is  considered  an  unpardonable  vulgarity. 
All  small  preferences  for  any  particular  dish  are  kept 
in  the  background.  No  hostess  ever  apologizes,  or 
appears  to  hear  or  see  anything  disagreeable.  If  the 
omelette  souffle  is  a  failure,  she  does  not  observe  it; 
the  servant  offers  and  withdraws  it,  nor  is  any  one  dis- 
turbed thereby.  As  soon  as  one  is  helped  he  must  be- 
gin to  eat,  not  waiting  for  any  one  else.  If  the  viand 
is  too  hot  or  too  cold,  or  is  not  what  the  visitor  likes, 
he  pretends  to  eat  it,  playing  with  knife  and  fork. 

No  guest  ever  passes  a  plate  or  helps  to  anything; 
the  servant  does  all  that.  Soup  is  taken  from  the  side 
of  the  spoon  noiselessly.  Soup  and  fish  are  not  par- 
taken of  a  second  time.  If  there  is  a  joint,  and  the 
master  carves,  it  is  proper,  however,  to  ask  for  a  sec- 
ond cut.  Bread  is  passed  by  the  servants,  and  must 
be  broken,  not  cut,  afterwards.  It  is  considered  gauche 
to  be  undecided  as  to  whether  you  will  take  clear  soup 
or  thick  soup;  decide  quickly.  In  refusing  wine,  sim- 
ply say,  "Thanks;"  the  servant  knows  then  that  you 
do  not  take  any. 

The  servants  retire  after  handing  the  dessert,  and  a 


AN   AMERICAN   MILLIONAIRE'S   TABLE.  431 

few  minutes'  free  conversation  is  allowed.  Then  the 
lady  of  the  house  gives  the  signal  for  rising.  Toasts 
and  taking  wine  with  people  are  entirely  out  of  fash- 
ion; nor  do  the  gentlemen  remain  long  in  the  dining- 
room  after  the  ladies  leave  the  table.  In  this  men  are 
rapidly  growing  more  civilized.  It  is  said  the  Prince 
of  Wales  broke  up  the  guzzling  habits  of  Englishmen 
after  dinner  by  instituting  a  quick  return  to  the  ladies. 

At  the  English  dinner-table  now,  from  the  plainest 
to  the  highest,  there  is  etiquette,  manner,  fine  service, 
and  everything  that  Englishmen  enjoy.  The  wit,  the 
courtier,  the  beauty,  and  the  poet  aim  at  appearing 
well  at  dinner.  The  pleasures  of  the  table,  says  Sa- 
varin,  bring  neither  enchantment,  ecstasy,  nor  trans- 
ports, but  they  gain  in  duration  what  they  lose  in  in- 
tensity; they  incline  us  favorably  towards  all  other 
pleasures — at  least  help  to  console  us  for  the  loss  of 
them. 

At  very  few  houses,  even  that  of  a  duke,  does  one 
see  so  elegant  a  table  and  such  a  profusion  of  flowers 
as  at  every  millionaire's  table  in  New  York ;  but  one 
does  see  superb  old  family  silver  and  the  most  beauti- 
ful table-linen  even  at  a  very  plain  abode.  The  table 
is  almost  uniformly  lighted  with  wax  candles.  Black 
coffee  is  served  immediately  after  dinner,  in  the  draw- 
ing-room to  the  ladies,  in  the  dining-room  to  the  gen- 
tlemen, who  are  in  the  mean  time  smoking  cigarettes. 

Tea  is  served  in  English  country-houses  four  or  five 
times  a  day.  It  is  always  brought  to  your  bedside  be- 
fore rising ;  it  is  poured  at  breakfast ;  it  is  a  neces- 
sary of  life  at  five  o'clock.  Probably  the  cold,  damp 
climate  has  much  to  .do  with  this ;   and  the  tea  is 


432  MANNBBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

never  very   strong,  but   is    excellent,  being    always 
freshly  drawn,  not  steeped,  and  is  most  refreshing. 

Servants  make  the  round  of  the  table  in  pairs,  offer- 
ing the  condiments,  the  sauces,  the  vegetables,  and 
the  wines.  The  common-sense  of  the  English  nation 
breaks  out  in  their  dinners.  Nothing  is  offered  out 
of  season.  To  make  too  great  a  display  of  wealth  is 
considered  bourgeois  and  vulgar  to  a  degree.  A  choice 
but  not  oversumptuous  dinner  meets  you  in  the-  best 
houses.  But  to  sit  down  to  the  plainest  dinners,  as  we 
do,  in  plain  clothes,  would  never  be  permitted.  Even 
ladies  in  deep  mourning  are  expected  to  make  some 
slight  change  at  dinner. 

Iced  drinks  are  never  offered  in  England,  nor  in 
truth  are  they  needed. 

In  England  no  one  speaks  of  "  sherry  wine,"  "  port 
wine,"  "  champagne  wine,"  he  always  says  "  sherry," 
"  port,"  "  claret,"  etc.  But  in  France  one  always  says 
"  vin  de  Champagne,"  "  vin  de  Bordeaux,"  etc.  It  goes 
to  show  that  what  is  proper  in  one  country  is  vulgar 
in  another. 

It  is  still  considered  proper  for  the  man  of  the  house 
to  know  how  to  carve,  and  at  breakfast  and  lunch  the 
gentlemen  present  always  cut  the  cold  beef,  the  fowl, 
the  pressed  veal,  and  the  tongue.  At  a  country-house 
dinner  the  lady  often  helps  the  soup  herself.  Even 
at  very  quiet  dinners  a  menu  is  written  out  by  the 
hostess  and  placed  at  each  plate.  In  t^is  one  partic- 
ular we  must  mention  that  menus  are  now  banished 
in  New  York,  but  the  most  stylish  people  still  use 
them  in  Baltimore,  Washington,  and  Philadelphia. 
The  ceremony  of  the  "  first  lady  "  being  taken  in  first 


< 


"3f  s 


L> 


HOLIDAYS   IN   ENGLAND.  433 

and  allowed  to  go  out  first  is  always  observed  at  even 
a  family  dinner.  No  one  apologizes  for  any  accident, 
such  as  overturning  a  glass  of  claret,  or  dropping  a 
spoon,  or  even  breaking  a  glass.  It  is  passed  over  in 
silence. 

No  English  lady  ever  reproves  her  servants  at  table, 
nor  even  before  her  husband  and  children.  Her  duty 
at  table  is  to  appear  serene  and  unruffled.  She  puts 
her  guests  at  their  ease  by  appearing  at  ease  herself. 
In  this  respect  English  hostesses  are  far  ahead  of 
American  ones. 

In  the  matter  of  public  holidays  and"  of  their  amuse- 
ments the  English  people  behave  very  unlike  Ameri- 
can people.  If  there  is  a  week  of  holidays,  as  at  Whit- 
suntide, all  the  laboring  classes  go  out  of  town  and 
spend  the  day  in  the  parks,  the  woods,  or  the  country. 
By  this  we  mean  shop-girls,  clerks  in  banks,  lawyer's 
clerks,  young  artists,  and  physicians,  all,  in  fact,  who 
make  their  bread  by  the  sweat  of  their  brows.  As 
for  the  privileged  classes,  they  go  from  London  to 
their  estates,  put  on  plain  clothes,  and  fish  or  hunt,  or 
the  ladies  go  into  the  woods  to  pick  wild-flowers.  The 
real  love  of  nature,  which  is  so  honorable  a  part  of  the 
English  character,  breaks  out  in  great  and  small.  In 
America  a  holiday  is  a  day  when  people  dress  in  their 
best,  and  either  walk  the  streets  of  a  great  city,  or 
else  take  drives,  or  go  to  museums  or  theatres,  or  do 
something  which  smacks  of  civilization.  How  few 
put  on  their  plain  clothes  and  stout  shoes  and  go  into 
the  woods!  How  much  better  it  would  be  for  them 
if  they  did  ! 

At  Whitsuntide  the  shop-girls  of  London — a  hard- 


434  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

worked  class — go  down  to  Epping  Forest,  or  to  Hamp- 
ton Court,  or  to  Windsor,  with  their  basket  of  lunch, 
and  everywhere  one  sees  the  sign  "Hot  Water  for 
Tea,''  which  means  that  they  go  into  the  humble  inn 
and  pay  a  penny  for  the  use  of  the  teapot  and  cup 
and  the  hot  water,  bringing  their  own  tea  and  sugar. 
The  economy  which  is  a  part  of  every  Englishman's 
religion  could  well  be  copied  in  America.  Even  a 
duchess  tries  to  save  money,  saying  wisely  that  it  is 
better  to  give  it  away  in  charity  than  to  waste  it. 

An  unpleasant  feature  of  English  life  is,  however, 
the  open  palm,  every  one  being  willing  to  take  a  fee, 
from  a  penny  up  to  a  shilling,  for  the  smallest  service. 
The  etiquette  of  giving  has  to  be  learned.  A  shilling 
is,  however,  as  good  as  a  guinea  for  ordinary  use;  no 
one  but  an  American  gives  more. 

The  carriage  etiquette  differs  from  ours,  as  the  gen- 
tleman of  the  family  rides  beside  his  wife,  allowing 
his  daughters  to  ride  backwards.  However,  no  gen- 
tleman sits  beside  a  lady  in  driving  unless  he  is  her 
husband,  father,  son,  or  brother.  Not  even  an  affianced 
lover  is  permitted  this  seat. 

It  must  be  confessed  that  the  groups  in  Hyde  Park 
and  in  Rotten  Row  and  about  the  Serpentine  have  a 
solemn  look,  the  people  in  the  carriages  rarely  chat- 
ting, but  sitting  up  in  state  to  be  looked  at,  the  peo- 
ple in  chairs  gravely  staring  at  the  others.  None  but 
the  people  on  horseback  seem  at  their  ease;  they  chat 
as  they  ride,  and,  all  faultlessly  caparisoned  as  they 
are,  with  well-groomed  horses,  and  servants  behind, 
they  seem  gay  and  jolly.  In  America  it  is  the  eques- 
trian who  always  looks  preoccupied  and  solemn,  and 


WHEN    A   LADY   SHOULD   RIDE   IN   LONDON.       436 


» 


as  if  the  horse  were  quite  enough  to  manage.  The  foot- 
men are  generally  powdered  and  very  neatly  dressed 
in  livery,  in  the  swell  carriages,  but  the  coachmen  are 
not  so  highly  gotten  up  as  formerly.  Occasionally 
one  sees  a  very  grand  fat  old  coachman  in  wig  and 
knee-breeches,  but  Jeames  Yellowplush  is  growing  a 
thing  of  the  past  even  in  London. 

A  lady  does  not  walk  alone  in  the  Park.  She  may 
walk  alone  to  church,  or  to  do  her  shopping,  but  even 
that  is  not  common.  She  had  better  take  a  hansom, 
it  now  being  proper  for  ladies  to  go  out  to  dinner 
alone  in  full  dress  in  one  of  these  singularly  open 
and  exposed-looking  carriages.  It  is  not  an  uncom- 
mon sight  to  see  a  lady  in  a  diamond  tiara  in  a  Lon- 
don hansom  by  the  blazing  light  of  a  summer  sun  if 
she  is  going  out  to  dinner,  for  the  afternoon  sun 
shines  until  eight  o'clock  in  England.  Thus  what  we 
should  shun  as  a  very  public  thing  the  reserved  Eng- 
lish woman  does  in  crowded  London,  and  regards  it  as 
proper,  while  she  smiles  if  she  sees  an  American  lady 
alone  in  a  victoria  in  Hyde  Park,  and  would  consider 
her  a  very  improper  person  if  she  asked  a  gentleman 
to  drive  out  with  her — as  we  do  in  our  Park  every  day 
of  our  lives — in  an  open  carriage.  Truly  etiquette  is 
a  curious  and  arbitrary  thing,  and  differs  in  every 
country. 

In  France,  where  they  consider  English  people  fright- 
fully gauche^  all  this  etiquette  is  reversed,  and  is  very 
much  more  like  ours  in  America.  A  Frenchman  al- 
ways takes  off  his  hat  on  entering  or  leaving  a  rail- 
way carriage  if  ladies  are  in  it.  An  Englishman  never 
takes  his  hat  off  unless  the  Princess  of  Wales  is  passing, 


436  MANNERS   AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

« 

or  he  meets  an  acquaintance.  He  sits  with  it  on  in 
the  House  of  Commons,  in  the  reading-room  of  a  ho- 
tel, at  his  club,  where  it  is  his  privilege  to  stilk ;  but 
in  his  own  house  he  is  the  most  charming  of  hosts. 
The  rudest  and  almost  the  most  unkind  persons  in 
the  world,  if  you  meet  them  without  a  letter  or  an  in- 
troduction in  a  public  place,  the  English  become  in 
their  own  houses  the  most  gentle,  lovely,  and  polite 
of  all  people.  If  the  ladies  meet  in  a  friend's  parlor, 
there  is  none  of  that  snobbish  rudeness  which  is  the 
fashion  in  America,  where  one  lady  treats  another  as 
if  she  were  afraid  of  contamination,  and  will  not  speak 
to  her.  The  lady-in-waiting  to  Queen  Victoria,  the 
duchess,  is  not  afraid  of  her  nobility;  her  friend's  roof 
is  an  introduction;  she  speaks. 

There  is  a  great  sense  of  the  value  of  a  note.  If  a 
lady  writes  a  pretty  note  expressing  thanks  for  civili- 
ties offered  to  her,  all  the  family  call  on  her  and  thank 
her  for  her  politeness.  It  is  to  be  feared  that  in  this 
latter  piece  of  good-breeding  we  are  behind  our  Eng- 
lish cousins.  The  English  call  immediately  after  a 
party,  an  invitation,  or  a  letter  of  introduction.  An 
elegant  and  easy  epistolary  style  is  of  great  use  in 
England;  and  indeed  a  lady  is  expected  even  to  write 
to  an  artist  asking  permission  to  call  and  see  his  pict- 
ures— a  thing  rarely  thought  of  in  America. 


CHAPTER  LVI. 

AMEBICAN    AND   ENGLISH   BTIQUETTE   CONTBABTBD. 

No  sooner  does  the  American  traveller  land  in  Eng- 
land than  are  forced  upon  his  consideration  the  strik- 
ing differences  in  the  etiquette  of  the  two  countries, 
the  language  for  common  things,  the  different  system 
of  intercourse  between  the  employ^  and  the  employer, 
the  intense  respectfulness  of  the  guard  on  the  railway, 
the  waiter  at  the  hotel,  and  the  porter  who  shoulders 
a  trunk.  This  respect  strikes  the  transatlantic  visitor 
forcibly.  The  American  in  a  similar  position  would 
not  show  the  politeness,  but  he  would  disdain  a  shil- 
ling. In  England  there  is  no  such  sensitiveness. 
Everybody  can  be  feed  who  does  even  the  most 
elevated  service.  The  stately  gentlemen  who  show 
Windsor  Castle  expect  a  shilling.  Now  as  to  the 
language  for  common  things.  No  American  must 
ask  for  an  apothecary's  shop ;  he  would  not  be  under- 
stood. He  must  inquire  for  the  "chemist's"  if  he 
wants  a  dose  of  medicine.  Apothecaries  existed  in 
Shakespeare's  time,  as  we  learn  from  "Romeo  and 
Juliet,"  but  they  are  "gone  out "  since.  The  chemist 
has  been  bom,  and  very  good  chemicals  he  keeps.  As 
soon  as  an  American  can  divest  himself  of  his  habit 
of  saying  "  baggage,"  and  remark  that  he  desires  his 
"  luggage  sent  up  by  the  four  train,"  the  better  for 


438  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

him.  And  it  is  the  better  for  him  if  he  learns  the  lan- 
guage of  the  country  quickly.  Language  in  England, 
in  all  classes,  is  a  much  more  elaborate  and  finished 
science  than  with  us.  Every  one,  from  the  cad  to  the 
cabinet  minister,  speaks  his  sentences  with  what  seems 
to  us  at  first  a  stilted  effort.  There  is  none  of  the 
easy  drawl,  the  oblivion  of  consonants,  which  mark 
our  daily  talk.  It  is  very  beautiful  in  the  speech  of 
women  in  England,  this  clear  enunciation  and  the 
proper  use  of  words.  Even  the  maid  who  lights  your 
fire  asks  your  permission  to  do  so  in  a  studied  manner, 
giving  each  letter  its  place.  The  slang  of  England  is 
the  affectation  of  the  few.  The  "  general  public,"  as 
we  should  say,  speak  our  common  language  most  cor- 
rectly. At  first  it  sounds  affected  and  strained,  but 
soon  the  American  ear  grows  to  appreciate  it,  and 
finds  the  pure  well  of  English  undefiled. 

The  American  lady  will  be  sure  to  be  charmed  with 
the  manners  of  the  very  respectable  person  who  lets 
lodgings,  and  she  will  be  equally  sure  to  be  shocked 
at  the  extortions  of  even  the  most  honest  and  best- 
meaning  of  them.  Ice,  lights,  an  extra  egg  for  break- 
fast, all  these  common  luxuries,  which  are  given  away 
in  America,  and  considered  as  necessaries  of  existence, 
are  charged  for  in  England,  and  if  a  bath  is  required 
in  the  morning  in  the  tub  which  always  stands  near 
the  wash-stand,  an  extra  sixpence  is  required  for  that 
commonplace  adjunct  of  the  toilette.  If  ladies  carry 
their  own  wine  from  the  steamer  to  a  lodging-house, 
and  drink  it  there,  or  offer  it  to  their  friends,  they  are 
charged  "corkage."  On  asking  the  meaning  of  this 
relic  of  barbarism,  they  are  informed  that  the  lodging- 


THE   LONDON   BOARDING-HOUSE.  439 

bouse  keeper  pays  a  tax  of  twenty  pounds  a  year 
for  the  privilege  of  using  wine  or  spirits  on  the 
premises,  and  seven  shillings — equal  to  nearly  two 
dollars  of  our  money — was  charged  an  invalid  lady 
who  opened  one  bottle  of  port  and  two  little  bottles 
of  champagne  of  her  own  in  a  lodging-house  in  Half- 
moon  Street.  As  it  was  left  on  the  sideboard  and 
nearly  all  drunk  up  by  the  waiter,  the  lady  demurred, 
but  she  had  no  redress.  A  friend  told  her  afterwards 
that  she  should  have  uncorked  her  bottles  in  her  bed- 
room, and  called  it  medicine. 

These  abuseSj^  practised  principally  on  Americans, 
are  leading  to  the  for  wiser  and  more  generous  plan  of 
hotel  living,  where,  as  with  us,  a  man  may  know  how 
much  he  is  paying  a  day,  and  may  lose  this  disagree- 
able sense  of  being  perpetually  plucked.  No  doubt 
to  English  people,  who  know  how  to  cope  with  the 
landlady,  who  are  accustomed  to  dole  out  their  stores 
very  carefully,  who  know  how  to  save  a  sixpence,  and 
will  go  without  a  lump  of  sugar  in  their  tea  rather 
than  pay  for  it,  the  lodging-house  living  has  its  con- 
veniences. It  certainly  is  quieter  and  in  some  respects 
more  comfortable  than  a  hotel,  but  it  goes  against  the 
grain  for  any  one  accustomed  to  the  good  breakfasts, 
the  hearty  lunch,  and  the  excellent  dinners  of  an 
American  hotel  of  the  better  class,  to  have  to  pay  for 
a  drink  of  ice- water,  and  to  be  told  that  the  landlady 
cannot  give  him  soup  and  fish  on  the  same  day  unless 
her  pay  is  raised.  Indeed,  it  is  difficult  to  make  any 
positive  terms;  the  *' extras"  will  come  in.  This  has 
led  to  the  building  of  gigantic  hotels  in  London  on 
the  American  plan,  which  arise  rapidly  on  all  sides. 


440  MANNESS   AND  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

The  Grand  Hotel,  the  Bristol,  the  First  Avenue  Ho- 
tel, the  Metropole,  the  Cecil,  and  the  Savoy  are  all 
better  places  for  an  American  than  the  lodging-house, 
and  they  are  very  little  if  any  more  expensive.  In  a 
lodging-house  a  lady  must  have  a  parlor,  but  in  a  ho- 
tel she  can  sit  in  the  reading-room,  or  write  her  letters 
at  one  of  the  half-dozen  little  tables  which  she  will 
find  in  each  of  the  many  waiting-rooms. 

London  is  a  very  convenient  city  for  the  writing  and 
posting  of  letters.  Foreigners  send  out  their  letters 
of  introduction  and  cards,  expecting  a  reply  in  a  few 
days,  when,  lo!  the  visitor  is  announced  as  being  out- 
side. Here,  again,  London  has  the  advantage  of  New 
York.  The  immediate  attention  paid  to  a  letter  of 
introduction  might  shame  our  more  tardy  hospitality. 
Never  in  the  course  of  the  history  of  England  has  a 
self-respecting  Londoner  neglected  a  letter  of  intro- 
duction. If  he  is  well-to-do,  he  asks  the  person  who 
brings  the  letter  to  dinner;  if  he  is  poor,  he  does  what 
he  can.  He  is  not  ashamed  to  offer  merely  the  hospi- 
tality of  a  cup  of  tea  if  he  can  do  no  more.  But  he 
calls,  and  he  sends  you  tickets  for  Sundays  at  the 
"  Zoo,"  or  he  does  something  to  show  his  appreciation 
of  the  friend  who  has  given  the  letter.  Now  in  Amer- 
ica we  are  very  tardy  about  all  this,  and  often,  to  our 
shame,  take  no  notice  of  letters  of  introduction. 

In  the  matter  of  dress  the  American  lady  finds  a 
•complete  bouleversement  of  her  own  ideas.  Who 
would  not  stare,  on  alighting  at  the  Fifth  Avenue 
Hotel  in  the  hot  sunshine  of  a  June  evening,  to  find 
ladies  trooping  in  at  the  public  entrance  dressed  in  red 
and  blue  and  gold,  with  short  sleeves  or  no  sleeves,  and 


ETIQUETTE   FOR  THE   LONDON  THEATRES.         441 

very  low  corsage,  no  cloak,  no  head-covering?  And 
yet  at  the  Grand  Hotel  and  the  Savoy  in  London  this 
is  the  nightly  custom.  These  ladies  are  dressed  for 
theatre  or  opera,  and  they  go  to 'dine  at  a  hotel  first. 
No  bonnet  is  allowed  at  any  theatre  in  London.  Of 
course  elderly  and  quiet  ladies  can  go  in  high  dresses, 
but  they  must  not  wear  bonnets.  The  laws  of  the 
Medes  and  Persians  were  not  more  strictly  enforced 
than  is  this  law  by  the  custodians  of  the  theatres,  who 
are  neatly  dressed  women  ushers  with  becoming  caps. 
Here,  again,  is  a  difference  of  custom,  as  we  have.no 
women  ushers  in  America,  and  in  this  respect  the  Eng- 
lish fashion  is  the  prettier.  It  is  well  that  we  have 
introduced  the  habit  of  going  to  the  theatre  bonnet- 
less,  for  our  high  hats  are  universally  denounced  by 
those  who  sit  behind  us. 

Here  the  London  woman  is  more  sensible  than  her 
American  cousin.  The  Americans  who  now  visit  Lon- 
don are  apt  to  be  so  plain  and  undemonstrative  in 
dress  that  they  are  called  shabby.  Perhaps  alarmed 
at  the  comments  once  made  on  their  loudness  of  dress, 
the  American  woman  has  toned  down,  and  finds  her- 
self less  gay  than  she  was  at  the  theatre  and  opera. 
But  she  may  be  sure  of  one  tbing — she  should  be 
plainly  dressed  rather  than  overdressed. 

As  for  dinner-parties,  one  is  asked  for  eight  or  half- 
past  eight ;  no  one  is  introduced,  but  every  one  talks. 
The  conversation  is  apt  to  be  low-voiced,  but  very 
bright  and  cordial — all  English  people  unbending  at 
dinner.  It  is  etiquette  to  leave  a  card  next  day  after 
a  ball,  and  to  call  on  a  lady's  reception-day.  For  the 
out-of-door y^^65  at  Hurlingham  and  Ranelagh  and  the 


442  MANNEBS    AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 

race  days  at  Ascot  very  brilliant  toilettes  of  short 
dresses^  gay  bonnets,  and  so  on,  are  proper,  and  as  no 
one  can  go  to  the  two  first  without  a  special  invita- 
tion, the  people  present  are  apt  to  be  "swells,"  and 
well  worth  seeing.  The  coaches  which  come  out  to 
these  festivities  have  well-dressed  women  on  top,  but 
they  usually  conceal  their  gay  dresses  with  a  wrap  of 
some  sombre  color  while  driving  through  London. 
No  one  makes  the  slightest  advance  towards  an  ac- 
quaintance or  an  intimacy  in  London.  All  is  begun 
very  formally  by  the  presentation  of  letters,  and  after 
that  the  invitation  must  be  immediately  accepted  or 
declined,  and' no  person  can,  without  offending  his 
host,' withdraw  from  a  lunch  or  dinner  without  making 
a  most  reasonable  excuse.  An  American  gentleman 
long  resident  in  London  complains  of  his  country-peo- 
ple in  this  respect.  He  says  they  accept  his  invita- 
tions to  dinner,  he  gets  together  a  most  distinguished 
company  to  meet  them,  and  at  the  last  moment  they 
send  him  word :  "  So  sorry,  but  have  come  in  tired 
from  Richmond.  Think  we  won't  come.  Thank 
you." 

Now  where  is  his  dinner-party?  Three  or  four  an- 
gry Londoners,  who  might  have  gone  to  a  dozen  dif- 
ferent dinners,  are  sulkily  sitting  about  waiting  for 
these  Americans  who  take  a  dinner  invitation  so 
lightly. 

The  London  luncheon,  which  is  a  very  plain  meal 
compared  with  ours — indeed,  only  a  family  dinner — is 
a  favorite  hospitality  as  extended  to  Americans  by 
busy  men.  Thus  the  great  artist  or  statesman,  whose 
hours  are  worth  twenty  pounds  apiece,  receives  his 


THE    DERBY.  443 

friends  at  a  plain  lunch  in  his  magnificent  house,  at  a 
table  at  which  his  handsome  wife  and  rosy  daughters 
assist.  So  it  was  with  Millais,  so  it  is  with  Sir  Laurence 
Alma-Tadema,  and  the  literary  people  whose  time  is 
money.  Many  of  the  noble  people,  whose  time  is  not 
worth  so  much,  also  invite  one  to  lunch,  and  always 
the  meal  is  an  informal  one. 

English  ladies  are  very  accomplished  as  a  rule,  and 
sometimes  come  into  the  drawing-room  with  their 
painting  aprons  over  their  gowns.  They  never  look 
so  well  as  on  horseback,  where  they  have  a  perfection 
of  outfit  and  such  horses  and  grooms  as  our  American 
ladies  as  yet  cannot  approach.  The  scene  at  Hyde 
Park  Corner  of  a  bright  afternoon  in  the  Derby  week 
is  unapproachable  in  any  country  in  the  world. 

Many  American  ladies,  not  knowing  the  customs 
of  the  country,  have,  with  their  gentlemen  friends, 
mounted  a  coach  at  the  Metropole  Hotel,  and  have 
driven  to  the  Derby,  coming  home  very  much  shocked 
because  they  were  rudely  accosted. 

Now  ladies  should  never  go  to  the  Derby.  It  is  not 
a  "lady's"  race.  It  is  five  hundred  thousand  people 
out  on  a  spree,  and  no  lady  is  comfortable  there.  Ascot, 
on  the  contrary,  is  a  lady's  race  meeting.  But  then  she 
should  have  a  box,  or  else  sit  on  the  top  of  a  coach. 
Such  is  the  etiquette. 

It  would  be  better  for  all  Americans,  before  enter- 
ing London  society,  to  learn  the  etiquette  of  these 
things  from  some  resident. 

In  driving  about,  the  most  aristocratic  lady  can  use 
the  most  plebeian  conveyance.  The  "four-wheeler" 
is  the  favorite  carriage.     A  servant  calls  them  from 


444.  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL    USAGES. 

the  door-step  with  a  whistle.  They  are  very  cheap— 
one-and-sixpence  for  two  miles,  including  a  call  not  to 
exceed  fifteen  minates  (the  call).  The  hansom  cab 
with  one  horse  is  equally  cheap,  but  not  so  easy  to  get 
in  and  out  of.  Until  the  year  1900,  when  automobiles 
have  threatened  to  revolutionize  things,  and  it  is  to 
be  hoped  that  they  will  make  cab-fare  much  cheaper. 


CHAPTER  LVIL 

HOW  TO  TRBAT  ENGLISH  PEOPLB. 

The  highest  lady  in  the  realm,  Queen  Victoria,  is 
always  addressed  by  the  ladies  and  gentlemen  of  her 
household,  and  by  all  members  of  the  aristocracy  and 
gentry,  as  "Ma'am,"  not  "Madam,"  or  "Your  Maj- 
esty," but  simply,  "  Yes,  ma'am,"  "  No,  ma'am."  All 
classes  not  coming  within  the  category  of  gentry,  such 
as  the  lower  professional  classes,  the  middle  classes, 
the  lower  middle  classes,  the  lower  classes  (servants), 
would  address  her  as  "Your  Majesty,"  and  not  as 
"  Ma'am."  The  Prince  of  Wales  is  addressed  as  "  Sir  " 
by  the  aristocracy  and  gentry,  and  never  as  "  Your 
Royal  Highness"  by  either  of  these  classes,  but  by 
all  other  people  he  is  addressed  as  "  Your  Royal  High- 
ness." 

The  other  sons  of  Queen  Victoria  are  addressed  as 
"  Sir  "  by  the  upper  classes,  but  as  "  Your  Royal  High- 
ness "  by  the  middle  and  lower  classes,  and  by  all  per- 
sons not  coming  within  the  category  of  gentry;  and 
by  gentry,  English  people  mean  not  only  the  landed 
gentry,  but  all  persons  belonging  to  the  army  and 
navy,  the  clergy,  the  bar,  the  medical  and  other  pro- 
fessions, the  aristocracy  of  art  (Sir  Edward  Poynter, 
the  President  of  the  Royal  Academy,  can  always 
claim  a  private  audience  with  the  sovereign),  the  aris- 


446  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

tocracy  of  wealth,  merchant  princes,  and  the  leading 
City  merchants  and  bankers.  The  Princess  of  Wales 
and  all  the  princesses  of  the  blood  royal  are  addressed 
as  "Ma'am"  by  the  aristocracy  and  gentry,  but  as 
"Your  Royal  Highness  "  by  all  other  classes. 

A  foreign  prince  is  addressed  as  "  Prince  "  and  "  Sir  " 
by  the  aristocracy  and  gentry,  and  as  "Your  Serene 
Highness"  by  all  other  classes;  and  a  foreign  princess 
would  be  addressed  as  "  Princess  "  by  the  aristocracy, 
or  "  Your  Serene  Highness "  by  the  lower  grades,  but 
never  as  "  Ma'am." 

An  English  duke  is  addressed  as  "  Duke "  by  the 
aristocracy  and  gentry,  and  never  as  "  Your  Grace  " 
by  the  members  of  either  of  these  classes;  but  all  other 
classes  address  him  as  "  Your  Grace."  A  marquis  is 
sometimes  conversationally  addressed  by  the  upper 

classes  as  "  Markis,"  but  generally  as  "  Lord  A ," 

and  a  marchioness  as  "  Lady  B ;"  all  other  classes 

would  address  them  as  "  Marquis  "  or  "  Marchioness.*' 
The  same  remark  holds  good  as  to  earls,  countesses, 

barons,  baronnesses — all  are  "Lord  B "  or  "Lady 

B ." 

But  Americans,  who  are  always,  if  presented  at 
court,  entitled  to  be  considered  as  aristocracy  and 
gentry,  and  as  such  are  always  received,  must  observe 
that  English- people  do  not  use  titles  often  even  in 
speaking  to  a  duke.  It  is  only  an  ignorant  person 
who  garnishes  his  conversation  with  these  titles.  Let 
the  conversation  with  Lord  B flow  on  without  say- 
ing "  My  lord  "  or  "  Lord  B "  more  frequently  than 

is  absolutely  necessary.  One  very  ignorant  American 
in  London  was  laughed  at  for  saying,  "  That  isn't  so. 


BABON£TS   ADDB£SS£D   BY   THE  FULL  TITLE.     447 

lord,"  to  a  nobleman.     He  should  have  said,  "That 

isn't  so,  I  think,"  or,  "That  isn't  so,  Lord  B ,"  or 

"  mv  lord." 

The  daughters  of  dukes,  marquises,  and  earls  are 
addressed  as  "  Lady  Mary,"  "  Lady  Gwendoline,"  etc. 
This  must  never  be  forgotten ;  and  the  younger  sons 

of  dukes  and  marquises  are  called  "Lord  John  B ," 

"Lord  Frederic  Hamilton,"  or  "Lord  Henry  Gray," 
etc.  The  wife  of  the  younger  son  should  always  be  ad- 
dressed by  both  the  Christian  and  surname  of  her  hus- 
band by  those  slightly  acquainted  with  her,  and  by 
her  husband's  Christian  name  only  by  her  intimate 
friends.  Thus  those  who  know  Lady  Henry  Gray  well 
address  her  as  "  Lady  Henry."  The  younger  sons  of 
earls,  viscounts,  and  barons  bear  the  courtesy  title  of 
"  Honorable,"  as  do  the  female  members  of  the  family; 
but  this  is  never  used  colloquially  under  any  circum- 
stances, although  always  in  addressing  a  letter  t^  them. 

Baronets  are  addressed  by  their  full  title  and  sur- 
name, as  "Sir  Stafford  Northcote,"  etc.,  by  persons  of 
the  lower  classes,  and  by  their  titles  with  their  Chris- 
tian names  by  all  the  higher  classes.    Baronets'  wives 

are  addressed  as  "Lady  B         "  or  "Lady  C ." 

They  should   not  be   addressed  as  "Lady  Thomas 

B ;"  that  would  be  to  give  them  the  rank  of  the 

wife  of  a  younger  son  of  a  duke  or  marquis,  instead 
of  that  of  a  baronet's  wife  only. 

In  addressing  foreigners  of  rank  colloquially  the  re- 
ceived rule  is  to  address  them  by  their  individual  titles 
without  the  addition  of  the  surname  to  their  titles. 
In  case  of  a  prince  being  a  younger  son  he  is  addressed 
as  "  Prince  Henry,"  as  was  the  case  of  PriiK)e  Henry  of 


448  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

Battenberg.  The  sons  of  the  reigning  monarchs  are 
addressed  as  "Your  Imperial  Highness."  A  foreign 
nobleman  is  addressed  as  "Monsieur  le  Due,"  "Mon- 
sieur le  Comte,"  "Monsieur  le  Baron,"  etc.;  but  if 
there  is  no  prefix  of  "  de,"  the  individual  is  addressed 
as  "  Baron  Rothschild,"  "  Count  Hohenthal,"  etc. 

While  it  is  proper  on  the  Continent  to  address  an 
unmarried  woman  as  mademoiselle,  without  the  sur- 
name, in  England  it  would  be  considered  very  vulgar. 
"  Miss  "  must  be  followed  by  the  surname.  The  wives 
of  archbishops,  bishops,  and  deans  are  simply  Mrs. 

A ,  Mrs.  B ,  etc.,  while  the  archbishop  and 

bishop  are  always  addressed  as  "  Your  Grace  "  and  as 
"  My  lord,"  their  wives  deriving  no  precedency  and 
no  title  from  their  husbands'  ecclesiastical  rank.  It 
is  the  same  with  military  personages. 

Peeresses  invariably  address  their  husbands  by  their 
title;  tjius  the  Duchess  of  Sutherland  calls  her  husband 
"Sutherland,"  etc.  Baronets'  wives  call  their  hus- 
bands "  Sir  John  "  or  "  Sir  George,"  etc. 

The  order  of  precedency  in  England  is  strictly  ad- 
hered to,  and  English  matrons  declare  that  it  is  the 
greatest  convenience,  as  it  saves  thexA  all  the  trouble 
of  choosing  who  shall  go  in  first,  etc.  For  this  rea- 
son, among  others,  the  "Book  of  the  Peerage"  has 
been  called  the  Englishman's  Bible,  it  is  so  often  con- 
sulted. 

But  the  question  of  how  to  treat  English  people  has 
many  another  phase  than  that  of  mere  title,  as  we  look 
at  it  from  an  American  point  of  view. 

When  we  visit  England  we  take  rank  with  the 
highest,  and  can  well  afford  to  address  the  queen  as 


PBIYILBGES   OF  AMEBIOAN  WOMEN.  449 

"  Ma'am."  In  fact,  we  are  expected  to  do  so.  A  well- 
bred,  well-educated,  well-introduced  American  has  the 
highest  position  in  the  social  scale.  He  may  not  go 
in  to  dinner  with  a  duchess,  but  he  is  generally  very 
well  placed.  As  for  a  well-bred,  handsome  woman, 
there  is  no  end  to  the  privileges  of  her  position  in  Eng- 
land, if  she  observes  two  or  three  rules.  She  should 
not  effuse  too  much,  nor  be  too  generous  of  titles,  nor 
should  she  fail  of  the  necessary  courtesy  due  always 
from  guest  to  hostess.  She  should  have  herself  pre- 
sented at  court  by  her  Minister  or  by  some  distin- 
guished friend,  if  she  wishes  to  enter  fashionable  soci- 
ety. Then  she  has  the  privilege  of  attending  any 
subsequent  Drawing-room,  and  is  eligible  to  invita* 
tions  to  the  court  balls  and  royal  concerts;  etc. 

American  women  have  succeeded  wonderfully  of 
late  years  in  all  foreign  society  from  their  beauty, 
their  wit,  and  their  originality.  From  the  somewhat 
perilous  admiration  of  the  Prince  of  Wales  and  other 
Royal  Highnesses  for  American  beauties,  there  has 
grown  up,  however,  a  rather  presumptuous  boldness 
in  some  women,  which  has  rather  speedily  brought 
them  into  trouble,  and  therefore  it  may  be  advisable 
that  even  a  witty  and  very  pretty  woman  should  hold 
herself  in  check  in  England. 

English  people  are  very  kind  in  illness,  grief,  or  in 
anything  which  is  inevitable,  but  they  are  speedily 
chilled  by  any  step  towards  a  too  sudden  intimacy. 
They  resent  anything  like  "  pushing  "  more  than  any 
other  people  in  the  world.  In  no  country  has  intellect, 
reading,  cultivation,  and  knowledge  such  '^ success'' 
as  in  England.    If  a  lady,  especially,  can  talk  well, 


460  MAKNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USA6BS. 

she  is  invited  everywhere.  If  she  can  do  anything  to 
amuse  the  company — as  to  sing  well,  tell  fortunes  by 
the  hand,  recite,  or  play  in  charades  or  private  theat- 
ricals— she  is  almost  sure  of  the  highest  social  recog- 
nition. She  is  expected  to  dress  well,  and  An^ericans 
are  sure  to  do  this.  The  excess  of  dressing  too  much 
is  to  be  discouraged.  It  is  far  better  to  be  too  plain 
than  too  fine  in  England,  as,  indeed,  it  is  everywhere; 
an  overdressed  woman  is  undeniably  vulgar  in  any 
country. 

If  we  could  learn  to  treat  English  people  as  they 
treat  us  in  the  matter  of  introductionSy  it  would  be  a 
great  advance.  The  English  regard  a  letter  of  intro- 
duction as  a  sacred  institution  and  an  obligation  which 
cannot  be  disregarded.  K  a  lady  takes  a  letter  to  Sir 
John  Bowring,  and  he  has  illness  in  his  family  and 
cannot  ask  her  to  dinner,  he  comes  to  call  on  her,  he 
sends  her  tickets  for  every  sort  of  flower  show,  the 
museums,  the  Botanical  Garden,  and  all  the  fine  things; 
he  sends  her  his  carriage — he  evidently  has  her  on  his 
mind.  The  late  Lord  Leighton,  the  most  courted, 
the  busiest  man  in  London,  was  really  so  kind,  so  at- 
tentive, so  assiduous  in  his  response  to  letters  of  intro- 
duction that  one  hesitated  to  present  a  letter  for  fear 
of  intruding  on  his  industrious  and  valuable  life.* 

Of  course  there  are  disagreeable  English  people,  and 
there  is  an  animal  known  as  the  English  snob,  than 
which  there  is  no  Tasmanian  devil  more  disagreeable. 
Travellers  everywhere  have  met  this  variety,  and  one 
would  think  that  formerly  it  must  have  been  more 

*  Alaal  that  this  delightful  man  is  no  longer  here — "a  light  too 
early  quenched !"    (1900.) 


A   NOT  TOO   BPFUSIVB   CORDIALITY.  451 

common  than  It  is  now.  There  are  also  English  fam- 
ilies who  have  a  Continental,  one  might  say  a  cosmo- 
politan, reputation  for  disagreeability,  as  we  have  some 
American  families,  well  known  to  history,  who  have 
an  almost  patrician  and  hereditary  claim  to  the  worst 
manners  in  the  universe.  Well-born  bears  are  known 
all  over  the  world,  but  they  are  in  th^.  minority.  It 
is  almost  a  sure  sign  of  base  and  ignoble  blood  to  be 
badly  mannered.  And  if  the  American  visitor  treats 
his  English  host  half  as  well  as  the  host  treats  him, 
he  may  feel  assured  that  the  entente  cordiale  will  soon 
be  perfect. 

One  need  not  treat  the  average  Englishman  either 
with  a  too  effusive  cordiality  or  with  that  half-con- 
temptuous fear  of  being  snubbed  which  is  of  all  things 
the  most  disagreeable.  A  sort  of  "  chip  on  the  shoul- 
der "  spread-eagleism  formerly  made  a  class  of  Amer- 
icans unpopular;  now  Americans  are  in  favor  in  Eng- 
land, and  are  treated  most  cordially. 


CHAPTER  LVIII. 

A  FOBBIGN  TABLB  d'h6tB,  AND  CASIKO  LIFB  ABBOAB. 

LiFB  at  a  French  watering-place  differs  so  essen- 
tially from  that  at  our  own  Saratoga,  Sharon,  Rich- 
field, Newport,  and  Long  Branch,  that  a  few  items  of 
observation  may  be  indulged  in  to  show  us  what  an  im- 
mense improvement  we  could  introduce  into  our  study 
of  amusement  by  following  the  foreign  fashions  of 
simplicity  in  eating  and  drinking. 

The  Continental  people  never  eat  that  heavy  early 
meal  which  we  call  breakfast.  They  take  in  their 
rooms  at  eight  o'clock  a  cup  of  coffee  and  a  roll,  what 
they  call  cafi  com/piety  or  they  may  prefer  tea  and  oat- 
meal, the  whole  thing  very  simple.  Then  at  Aix-les 
Bains  or  Vichy  the  people  under  treatment  go  to  the 
bath,  taking  a  rest  afterwards.  All  this  occupies  an 
hour.  They  then  rise  and  dress  for  the  eleven  o'clock 
dijeuner  d  la  fourchette,  which  is  a  formal  meal  served 
in  courses,  with  red  wine  instead  of  coffee  or  tea. ,  This 
is  all  that  one  has  to  do  in  the  eating  line  until  dinner. 
Imagine  what  a  fine  clear  day  that  gives  one.  How 
much  uninterrupted  time!  How  much  better  for  the 
housekeeper  in  a  small  boarding-house!  And  at  a 
hotel  where  the  long,  heavy  breakfast,  from  seven  to 
eleven,  keeps  the  dining-room  greasy  and  badly  ven- 
tilated until  the  tables  must  be  cleared  for  a  one  or  two 


MAGNIFICENT  EXCURSIONS   ABOUT  AIX.  453 

o'clock  dinner,  it  is  to  contrast  order  with  disorder, 
and  neatness  with  its  reverse. 

The  foreign  breakfast  at  eleven  is  a  delicious  meal, 
as  will  be  seen  by  the  following  bills  of  fare:  (Eufs 
au  beurre  noir;  sauti  printanier  (a  sort  of  stew  of 
meat  and  fresh  vegetables);  viande  froide  panctchSe/ 
scUade  de  saison  ;  compote  de  fruit  et  pdtisserie  ;  fro- 
mage,  fruU,  cafi. 

Another  breakfast  is  :  (Eufs  au  plat ;  poulet  d  la 
Oodard;  cdtelettes  de  mouton  grilUea  ;  revUrepommea 
de  terre ;  flana  d^abricot ;  and  so  on,  with  every  vari- 
ety of  stewed  pigeon,  trout  from  the  lake,  delicious 
preparations  of  spinach,  and  always  a  variety  of  the 
cheeses  which  are  so  fresh  and  so  healthful,  just  brought 
from  the  Alpine  valleys.  The  highly  flavored  Alpine 
strawberries  are  added  to  this  meal.  Then  all  eating 
is  done  for  the  day  until  the  six  or  seven  o'clock  din- 
ner. This  gives  the  visitor  a  long  and  desirable  day 
for  excursions,  which  in  the  neighborhood  of  Aix  are 
especially  charming,  particularly  the  drive  to  Cham- 
b6ry,  one  of  the  most  quaintly  interesting  of  towns, 
through  the  magnificent  break  in  the  Alps  at  whose 
southern  portal  stands  La  Grande  Chartreuse.  All 
this  truly  healthy  disposition  of  time  and  of  eating  is 
one  reason  why  a  person  comes  home  from  a  foreign 
watering-place  in  so  much  better  trim,  morally,  men- 
tally, and  physically,  than  from  the  unhealthy  gorg- 
ing of  our  American  summer  resorts. 

At  twelve  or  one  begins  the  music  at  the  Casino, 

usually  a  pretty  building  in  a  garden.     In  this  shady 

park  the  mammas  with  their  children  sit  and  listen  to 

the  strains  of  the  best  bands  in  Europe.     Paris  sends 
31 


454  MANKEBS  AND  SOCIAL   USAGES. 

her  artists  from  the  Chdieiet,  and  the  morning  finds 
itself  gone  and  well  into  the  afternoon  before  the  out- 
side pleasures  of  the  Casino  are  exhausted.  Here,  of 
course,  trip  up  and  down  on  the  light  fantastic  toe, 
and  in  the  prettiest  costumes  of  the  day,  all  the  daugh- 
ters of  the  earth,  with  their  attendant  cavaliers.  There 
are  certain  aspects  of  a  foreign  watering-place  with 
which  we  have  nothing  to  do  here,  such  as  the  gam- 
bling and  the  overdressing  of  a  certain  class,  but  all  is 
externally  most  respectable.  At  four  or  earlier  every 
one  goes  to  drive  in  the  voiture  de  place  or  the  voiture 
de  remise,  the  latter  being  a  handsome  hired  carriage 
of  a  superior  class.  But  the  voiture  de  placey  with  a 
Savoyard  driver,  is  good  enough.  He  knows  the  road; 
his  sturdy  horse  is  accustomed  to  the  hills;  he  takes 
one  for  three  francs  an  hour  —  about  half  what  is 
charged  at  Saratoga  or  Sharon  or  Richfield;  he  ex- 
pects a  few  cents  as  pourboire,  that  is  all.  The  vehi- 
cle is  a  humble  sort  of  victoria,  very  easy  and  safe, 
and  the  drive  is  generally  througn  scenery  of  the  most 
magnificent  description. 

Ladies  at  a  foreign  watering-place  have  generally 
much  to  amuse  them  at  the  shops.  Antiquities  of  all 
sorts,  old  china  (particularly  old  Saxe),  also  bid  carved 
furniture  from  the  well-known  ch&teaux  of  Savoy,  are 
found  at  Aix.  The  prices  are  so  small  compared  with 
what  such  curiosities  would  bring  in  New  York  that 
the  buyer  is  tempted  to  buy  what  she  does  not  want, 
forgetting  how  much  it  will  cost  to  get  it  home.  Old 
laCe  and  bits  of  embroidery  and  stuffs  are  brought  to 
the  door.  There  is  nothing  too  rococo  for  the  peripa- 
tetic vender  in  these  foreign  watering-places. 


DIFFEBENT  NATIONALITIES  DANCING.  ^56 

The  dinner  is  a  very  good  one.  Cooked  by  Italian 
or  French  cooks,  it  may  be  something  of  this  sort: 
Potage  de  riz;  lavarets  St,  Houlade;  JUeU  de  homf 
Seamaise  (a  delicious  sauce  with  basil  mixed  in  it,  a 
slight  taste  of  aniseed) ;  bouchera  d  la  reine ;  chapon 
roti  au  creason  y  aaperge  au  hrancJiea  /  glctce  au  choc- 
olat ;  cafe;  or  :  Potage  au  Cricy  ;  turhot  anx  cdpres ; 
langue  de  boeuf;  petita  pois^  lies  au  heurre  ;  bombe  va- 
niUe;  with  fruits,  cheese,  and  cakes,  and  always  the 
wine  of  the  country,  for  which  no  extra  charge  is 
made.  These  delicious  meals  cost  —  the  breakfast 
four  francs  (wine  included),  the  dinner  ten  francs. 
It  would  be  difficult  in  our  country  to  find  such  cook- 
ing anywhere,  and  for  that  price  simply  impossible. 

Music  in  the  Casino  grounds  follows  the  dinner. 
The  pretty  women,  by  this  time  in  the  short,  gay  fou- 
lards and  in  the  dressy  hats  in  which  they  will  appear 
later  at  the  Casino  ball,  are  tripping  up  and  down  in 
the  gas-lighted  grounds.  The  scene  is  often  illumi- 
nated by  fireworks.  At  eight  and  a  half  the  whole 
motley  crew  has  entered  the  Casino,  and  there  the 
most  amusing  dancing — ^valse,  galop,  and  polka — is  in 
vogue.  In  1900  the  vdUe  d  deux-temps  is  the  one 
fashionable  form  of  dancing  in  society.  The  Pole  is 
known  by  his  violent  dancing ;  '^  he  strikes  and  flut- 
ters like  a  cock,  he  capers  in  the  air,  he  kicks  his  heels 
up  to  the  stars."  There  is  heartiness  in  the  dancing 
of  the  Swedes  and  Danes,  there  is  mettle  in  their  heels, 
but  no  people  caper  like  the  Poles.  The  Russians  and 
the  Americans  dance  the  best.  They  are  the  elegant 
dancers  of  the  world.  French  women  dance  beauti- 
fully: 


456  MANNSSS  AND    SOCIAL  USAGES. 


"A  fine,  sweet  earthquake,  gently  moved 
By  the  soft  wind  of  their  dispersing  silks." 

No  lady  appears  at  the  Casino  bareheaded;  it  is 
always  with  hat  or  bonnet,  and  she  lives  in  her  bonnet 
more  or  less  even  at  the  balls. 

If  a  concert  or  a  play  is  going  on  in  the  little  theatre, 
the  same  people  take  their  places  in  boxes  or  seats, 
until  every  face  becomes  familiar,  as  one  knows  one's 
shipmates.  Sometimes  pleasant  acquaintances  are  thus 
formed.  A  very  free-and-easy  system  of  etiquette 
permits  dancing  between  parties  who  have  not  been 
introduced,  and  the  same  privilege  extends  to  the  ask-  ^ 

ing  of  a  party  of  ladies  to  take  an  ice.  All  acquaint- 
ance ceases  on  leaving  the  Casino,  however,  unless  the 
lady  chooses  to  bow  to  her  cavalier. 

Sometimes  the  steward  of  tbe  Casino  gets  up  a  fancy- 
dress  ball  under  the  patronage  of  some  lady,  and  then 
the  motley  crew  appear  as  historical  characters.  It 
is  a  unique  and  gay  spectacle.  Here  in  the  land  of 
the  old  masters  some  very  fine  representations  of  the 
best  pictures  are  hastily  improvised,  and  almost  with- 
out any  apparent  effort  the  whole  ball  is  gotten  up 
with  spirit  and  ingenuity.  This,  too,  among  people 
who  never  met  the  day  before  yesterday.  There  is  a 
wide  range  of  costume  allowed  for  those  who  take 
part  in  these  revelries. 

The  parquet  floor  of  a  foreign  Casino  is  the  most 
perfect  thing  for  good  dancing.  They  understand 
laying  these  floors  there  better  than  we  do,  and  the 
climate  does  not  alter  them,  as  with  us.  They  are 
the  pleasantest  and  easiest  of  all  floors  to  dance  upon. 

Not  the  least  striking  episode  to  an  American  eye 


A  SIMPLE   FOREIGN  FUNBBAI..  457 

• 

is  the  sight  of  many  priests  and  men  in  ecclesiastical 
garments  at  these  Casinos.  The  number  of  priestly 
robes  everywhere  strikes  the  visitor  to  a  French  wa- 
tering-place most  emphatically.  The  schoolmasters 
are  young  priests,  and  walk  about  with  their  boys, 
and  the  old  priests  are  everywhere.  A  solemn  pro- 
cession crosses  the  gay  scene  occasionally.  Three  or 
four  acolytes  bearing  censers,  a  group  of  mourners,  a 
taU  and  atately  nun  in  gray  robes  and  veil  walking 
magnificently,  and  moving  her  lips  in  prayer;  then  a 
group  of  people;  then  a  priest  with  book  in  hand  say- 
ing aloud  the  prayers  for  the  dead;  then  the  black 
box,  the  coffin,  carried  on  a  bier  by  men,  the  motley 
crowd  uncovering  as  the  majesty  passes,  and  the  boys 
follow,  chanting, 

''The  glories  of  our  birth  and  state 
Are  shadows,  not  substantial  things; 
There  is  no  armor  against  fate; 
Death  lays  his  icy  hand  on  kings." 

Yes,  and  on  the  gay  visitor  at  the  Casino.  These  sim- 
ple and  unostentatious  funerals  are  very  impressive. 
The  priests  always  walk  bareheaded  through  the 
streets  on  these  occasions,  and  on  many  others.  In- 
deed, the  priestly  head  seems  impatient  of  a  hat. 

The  fUes  of  the  peasants  are  thin^  to  go  and  see, 
and  the  unalterable  differences  of  rank  are  deeply  im- 
pressed on  the  American  mind.  An  old  peasant  wom- 
an has  brought  cheese  and  milk  into  Aix  for  forty 
years,  and  now,  in  her  sixties,  she  still  brings  them, 
and  walks  eight  miles  a  day.  There  is  no  hope  that 
her  daughter  will  ever  join  in  the  gayeties  of  the  Ca- 
sino, as  in  Ainerica  she  might  certainly  aspire  to  do. 


458  MANNERS  AND  SOCIAL   USAGBS. 

The  daughter  will  be  a  peasant^  as  her  mother  was, 
and  far  happier  and  more  respectable  for  it,  and  cer- 
tainly more  picturesqne.  How  many  of  the  peasant 
dresses  have  given  an  idea  to  the  modiste!  And  one 
sees  in  the  fields  of  Savoy  the  high  hat  with  conical 
crown,  with  brim  either  wide  or  flat,  which  has  now 
become  so  fashionable;  also  the  flat  mushroom  hat  of 
straw  with  the  natural  bunch  of  com  and  red  poppy, 
which  has  gone  from  Fanchon  up  to  the  duchess. 
They  both  come  from  the  fields. 

Of  course  horse-races,  formed  after  the  plan  of  Long- 
champs,  are  inseparable  from  the  amusements  of  a 
French  watering-place;  and  in  proportion  to  the  num- 
ber of  guests  to  be  amused,  the  horses  come  down 
from  the  various  stables.  Pigeon  -  shooting  goes  on 
all  the  time. 

It  is  said  that  the  French  have  a  greater  hatred  of 
ennui  than  any  other  people  in  the  world.  They  do 
not  know  what  it  means.  They  amuse  themselves 
all  the  time,  and  are  never  at  a  loss.  The  well-bred 
French  women  have  as  much  energy  and  industry  as 
any  New  England  woman,  but  they  take  their  amuse- 
ment more  resolutely,  never  losing  music,  gayety,  and 
'^  distraction."  Perhaps  what  amuses  them  might  not 
amuse  the  more  sober  Saxon,  but  the  delicate  embroid- 
ery of  their  lives,  with  all  that  comes  thus  cheaply  to 
them,  certainly  makes  them  a  very  delightful  set. 
Their  manners  are  most  fascinating,  never  selfish,  nev- 
er ponderous,  never  self-conscious,  but  always  most 
agreeable.  The  French  woman  is  sui  generis.  She 
may  no  longer  be  very  young;  she  never  was  very 
handsome.^    Every  sensation  that  the  human  mind  cm 


USEFUL  FBENCH  WOMBN.  459 

experience  she  has  experienced;  every  caprice,  whim, 
and  fancy  that  human  imagination  can  conceive  she 
has  gratified.  She  is  very  intelligent ;  she  was  born 
with  a  perfect  taste  in  dress;  and  she  is — all  the  nov- 
elists to  the  contrary  notwithstanding — a  very  good 
wife,  an  excellent  mother,  a  charming  companion,  a 
most  useful  and  sensible  helpmeet,  with  a  perfect  idea 
of  doing  her  half  of  the  business  of  life,  and  of  getting 
out  of  her  hours  of  leisure  all  the  amusement  she  can. 
At  a  French  watering-place  the  French  woman  of  the 
better  class  is  most  entirely  at  home  and  intensely 
agreeable,  and  her  son  is  the  best  son  in  the  world. 
He  never  greets  her  without  kissing  her  hand;  he 
gives  her  his  arm  for  her  walk;  he  brings  her  favorite 
arm-chair  and  footstool  and  her  book;  he  pays  her 
reverence  and  pretty  compliments — he  is  what  every 
son  should  be,  but  which,  alas !  few  American  sons  are. 


CHAPTER  LTX. 

HOnSB-PABTIES. 

It  is  only  within  a  few  year^  that  the  American 
house-keeper  could  attempt  this  thoroughly  English 
institution,  for  a  house-party  demands  that  the  host 
lives  every  day  in  thoroughly  princely  style.  But 
since^  from  Maine  to  California,  the  American  mill- 
ionnaire  now  resides  in  a  palace,  and  keeps  (if  he 
can  keep  them)  a  regiment  of  servants,  the  house- 
party  is  possible.  It  means  so  much,  however,  that 
all  Americans  have  not  yet  mastered,  that  a  few 
words  as  to  the  etiquette  of  the  thing  may  well  be 
inserted  here. 

No  person  should  attempt  it  who  has  not  her  mi- 
nage  in  good  running  order.  There  must  be  an  ac- 
complished cook,  good  footmen  and  maids,  trained 
to  parlor  and  bedroom  work,  a  number  of  fine 
horses,  a  cellar  of  good  wine,  a  liberal  host,  and  an 
accomplished  hostess.  Then  there  must  be  some  def- 
inite object  of  interest,  as  a  fine  country  for  driving 
through,  fox-hunting,  sea  air,  or  an  agreeable  neigh- 
borhood, as  to  dinners,  lunches,  or  picnics.  We  can- 
not offer  to  the  guests,  at  our  house-parties.  Fountains 
Abbey  or  any  other  ruin  (excepting  some  ruin  they 
may  not  wish  to  see),  as  is  the  case  all  over  England 
or  France,  but  we  can  offer  them  hospitality. 


THE    INVITATIONS   TO   A   HOUSB-PAETY.  461 

When  life  was  simpler,  no  one  was  afraid  to  ask  a 
friend  "  to  come  and  stay  a  week  or  two ;"  but  since 
the  splendid  hospitality  of  the  many  opalent  enter- 
tainers, who  offer  one  a  whole  California,  times  and 
phases  have  changed,  and  now  a ''  house-party"  means 
something  of  this  sort : 

Ten  or  twelve  congenial  couples  are  asked  for 
three  days  or  more  to  a  country-house,  whose  size 
enables  the  hostess  to  offer  to  husband  and  wife  two 
bedrooms,  a  parlor,  a  bath-room,  often  a  boudoir,  and 
each  is  asked  to  bring  a  body -servant — he  a  valet 
and  she  a  maid.  Many  country  -  houses  in  England 
contain  twenty  or  thirty  of  these  suites. 

A  letter  is  sent  a  fortnight  in  advance,  and  the 
lady  of  the  house  keeps  a  book  in  the  following  man- 
ner: 

"Mr.  and  Mrs.  Morse  are  asked  from  18th  to  17th  July;  from 
luncheon  on  the  13th  to  luncheon  on  the  17th." 

''Mr.  and  Mrs.  Brown  asked  to  dinner  on  the  17th,  to  leave 
before  luncheon  on  the  20th." 

"Mr.  and  Mrs.  Spencer  asked  to  luncheon  on  the  20th,  to  re- 
main for  dinner  on  the  24th,  and  leave  before  luncheon  on  the 
25th,"  etc.,  etc. 

This  important  ledger  is  consulted  every  day  by 
the  house -keeper,  who  knows  when  to  have  her 
rooms  made  up ;  and  the  host  and  hostess  open  it  be- 
fore them  that  they  may  remember  who  is  coming. 

It  is  often  the  custom  for  rich  ladies  in  this 
country  to  keep  a  secretary,  and  an  hour  with  this 
functionary  is  necessary  for  the  dictating  of  notes; 
for  when  parties  of  twelve  ladies  with  their  hus- 
bands and   maids   are  expected  in   quick  rotation, 


462  MANNERS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

many  notes  have  to  be  written.  In  England  this 
business  is  generally  done  by  the  lady  herself,  for  an 
English  lady  of  rank  delights  in  writing  notes,  and 
does  it  so  well  that  it  seems  to  be  second  nature  with 
her. 

In  English  house-parties  the  amusing  man  is  always 
a  factor,  a  bachelor  or  a  widower  who  has  a  talent 
for  conversation,  is  not  above  making  a  pun  or  writ- 
ing a  vers  de  aoditi — that  individual  who  is  such  a 
familiar  friend  of  ours  through  the  modem  society 
novel.     It  is  hard  to  find  his  exact  copy  in  America. 

There  are,  however,  some  men  of  leisure  and  edu- 
cation who  can  be  depended  upon  for  a  house-party. 

There  are  always  clever  girls  and  married  wom- 
en, more  or  less  emandpiej  who  can  be  depended 
upon  to  be  amusing. 

When  the  party  is  decided  upon,  the  lady  writes 
her  note  in  the  third  person,  inviting  Mr.  and  Mrs. 
Percy  to  her  house  in  Minneapolis,  or  Skaneateles,  or 
Newport,  as  the  case  may  be,  for  three  days,  or  three 
weeks.  She  gives  a  succinct  account  of  how  to  get 
there — time-tables  and  railway  trains.  Her  carriage 
and  horses  meet  the  guest  at  the  station,  and  a  wagon 
for  their  traps  is  also  sent.  On  their  arrival  at  the 
house  she  should  be  there  to  welcome  them,  or,  if 
unavoidably  absent,  must  delegate  a  daughter  or  a 
friend  to  do  this  duty  for  her.  Guests  are  then  asked 
if  they  will  have  a  cup  of  tea,  or  if  they  prefer  to  go 
immediately  to  their  rooms.  After  a  dusty  railroad 
journey,  the  latter  is  generally  preferred. 

The  guest  is  shown  to  the  apartment,  where  a  maid 
is  waiting  to  ask  if  a  hot  or  a  cold  bath  is  preferred. 


▲  TEBBIBLE  PIECB   OF  IGNOBANCE.  463 

if  a  oup  of  tea  shall  be  served  in  the  room,  and 
whether  she  can  be  of  any  service.  If  the  lady  has 
not  brought  her  own  maid  this  servant  unlocks  the 
trunks  and  assists  her  to  dress. 

The  whole  company  are  expected  to  assemble  in 
full  dress  at  a  seven  or  an  eight  o'clock  dinner. 

After  dinner  the  hostess  makes  suggestions  for  the 
following  day — whether  her  guests  will  have  an  early 
breakfast  of  a  cup  of  tea  and  an  egg  in  their  rooms  or 
descend  to  the  dining-room  ;  whether  they  will  drive 
or  ride  or  prefer  to  stay  at  home.  She  tells  them  that 
luncheon  will  be  at  one  and  dinner  at  eight.  It  is 
optional  whether  they  come  to  luncheon  or  not,  but 
obligatory  on  them  to  appear  at  dinner. 

This  settled,  the  hostess  is  not  obliged  to  appear 
until  she  pleases.  In  England  she  often  does  not  come 
down  until  luncheon.  She  sometimes  disappears  for 
nearly  the  whole  day.  But  she  is  always  at  dinner,  and 
her  guests  feel  her  influence  in  their  comfort,  and  the 
pleasant  privilege  of  being  allowed  to  order  a  pony 
phaeton,  perhaps,  and  to  drive  about  with  freedom, 
enjoying  themselves  in  their  own  way. 

An  American  hostess  ignorant  of  the  traditions  of 
good  breeding  once  made  the  mistake  of  leaving  her 
house,  after  she  had  invited  her  house-party,  and  stay- 
ing away  over-night,  thinking  she  was  showing  Eng- 
lish freedom.  This  was  a  terrible  piece  of  igno- 
rance ;  for  although  an  English  hostess  may  go  off  to 
her  charity-schools  and  her  duties,  even  go  to  break- 
fast with  a  friend,  she  is  always  the  guiding  spirit  of 
the  house-party — never  absent  from  dinner,  and  rarely 
failing  at  luncheon  or  afternoon  tea.    Especially  is  she 


464  MANNEBS   AKD  SOCIAL  USAGES. 

at  the  latter ;  for,  indeed,  the  afternoon  tea— often 
served  out  of  doors — is  the  favorite  rallying-point  of 
English  women. 

The  hanters  come  home  to  it,  the  lawn-tennis  dis- 
bands for  it,  the  riders  dismount  and  take  tea  in  their 
habits,  while  the  "  stay-at-homes  *'  appear  in  sweeping 
tea-gowns.  It  is  a  delightful  picture,  often  interrupt- 
ed by  the  dinner  dressing-bell  too  soon  for  the  person 
who  is  enjoying  it. 

Now,  in  this  country,  where  there  is  "  a  sudden 
making  of  splendid  names,"  owing  to  the  frequent 
surprise  of  a  great  fortune,  people  do  not  know  each 
other  very  well,  and  often  make  mistakes  as  to  rela- 
tionship and  former  occupation.  A  bright  and  witty 
woman,  near  New  York,  hit  upon  a  scheme  of  en- 
lightening her  guests  which,  had  it  not  been  frus- 
trated by  a  practical  joker,  would  have  been  of  great 
service.  She  invited  the  daughter  of  a  rich  shoe- 
man,  the  son  of  a  pork-packer,  the  heir  to  a  patent 
medicine,  and  the  wife  of  a  dry-goods  dealer  to  meet 
a  number  of  old  aristocrats  at  her  beautiful  place  on 
Long  Island.  She  also  invited  a  very  flourishing />ar- 
venue,  who  wished  to  know  everybody  and  all  their 
relations,  who  everybody  was,  etc. 

The  hostess  ingeniously  wrote  on  cards  these  par- 
ticulars, informing  Mr.  Drumgoole  that  he  must  not 
refer  to  shoes  to  Miss  Heel-and-toe ;  she  told  Mr. 
Cure-all  not  to  speak  of  the  shop  of  Short-profits  to 
the  latter's  wife ;  and  she  elaborately  described  to  Mrs. 
Arriv6e  who  all  the  people  were — their  sisters  and 
their  cousins  and  their  aunts — with  some  not  too  flat- 
tering allusions  to  their  tempers,  oddities,  and  disrepu- 


NOT   ASKED   A   SECOND   TIHE.  465 

table  relations.  A  not  too  scrupulous  practical  joker 
of  a  cousin  changed  all  the  cards,  and  allowed  every- 
body to  read  their  own  biographies  on  these  well- 
meant  cards.     Tableau ! 

Did  each  learn  the  identity  and  personality  of  some- 
body else  ?  No.  They  learned  their  own  ;  and  each 
descended,  pale  and  furious,  to  the  dinner-table.  That 
party  broke  up  next  day,  repeating  the  wisdom  of 
Bums's  lines, 

*'0h,  wad  some  power  the  giftie  gie  us 
To  see  oursels  as  ithers  see  us !'' 

We  do  not  wish  to  do  so.  However,  a  house-party, 
well  managed,  is  very  agreeable.  It  gives  people  an 
opportunity  to  get  acquainted.  It  is,  when  well  se- 
lected and  congenial,  the  most  refreshing  way  of 
being  entertained.  A  good  talker,  a  good  musician 
who  does  not  bang  on  the  piano  too  much,  are  very 
great  additions.  The  hostess  who  has  tact  and  a 
genius  for  entertaining  and  good  servants  can  make 
a  company  very  happy  for  a  few  days. 

But  mere  society  women  who  are  wearied  soon, 
who  only  visit  to  be  admired  themselves,  are  hard 
guests  to  entertain. 

Cranks  and  notoriety-seekers  are  very  troublesome 
visitors.  Ill-bred  people,  who  come  before  they  are 
asked  and  will  not  go  away  when  their  visit  is  ended, 
these  are  to  be — not  asked  a  second  time. 

The  house-party  is  a  great  breeder  of  scandal,  and 
if  a  gentleman  is  too  attentive  to  a  lady  it  soon  be- 
comes noticed.     These  are  its  evils. 

Unfortunately  the  ignorance  and  lack  of  social  cult- 


466  MANNEBS   AND   SOCIAL   USAGES. 

ure  of  some  of  oui;  so-called  leaders  of  society  has  not 
yet  taught  them  the  lesson,  which  the  Greeks  sought 
to  express  when  they  put  in  their  entrance-halls  the 
statue  of  Silence,  with  her  finger  on  her  lip — 


**  A  gesture,  which  silently  says.  Silence. 


y> 


We  may  yet  organize  in  our  fashionable  circles  (as 
we  have  just  outside  of  them)  a  force  of  noble  women 
who  win  know  how  to  give  house-parties  where  slander 
is  unknown,  which  shall  be  gay  without  questionable 
fashions,  which  shall  be  intellectual  treats,  and  where 
a  usefully  benign  exercise  of  hospitality  shall  not  lead 
to  the  propagation  of  slanderous  attacks  on  character, 

Thejicste  milieu  between  propriety  and  a  gay  and 
liberal  view  of  life — ^that  is  the  question. 

The  great  drawback  on  the  giving  of  house-parties 
in  our  country  is  the  always -growing  uncertainty 
as  to  servants.  In  the  chapter  called  "The  House 
with  Many  Servants,"  I  have  tried  to  help  young  and 
rich  women  to  organize  a  service  which  would  enable 
them  to  give  house-parties.  But  how  can  one  con- 
tend with  a  strike  ?  How  can  one  prevent  the  butler, 
who  may  be  a  politician,  from  going  off  on  a  mission 
to  nominate  the  member  of  Congress  ?  He  may  feel 
that  he  is  more  necessary  at  a  primary  than  at  a  din- 
ner-party. The  lady  who  lives  in  the  country  and 
who  describes  herself  as  running  a  servants'  omnibus 
to  the  nearest  station,  must  answer  this  question  for 
herself — whether  the  game  is  worth  the  candle,  and 
whether  that  moment  of  agony  which  she  has  ex- 
perienced when  she  has  seen  the  cook,  in  flaunting 
attire,  walking  off  just  as  the  twelfth  guest  has  ar- 


UNCONGBNIAIi    SOULS.  467 

rived  is  ever  paid  for  by  any  amount  of  pleasure 
afterwards. 

Many  charming  homes  all  over  our  land  have,  how- 
ever, settled  the  domestic  question  for  themselves ; 
many  hostesses  can,  even  in*  the  United  States,  keep 
servants  over  a  week ;  and  many  are  so  well  pro- 
vided with  all  that  can  make  a  guest  comfortable  and 
happy,  that  we  have  only  to  suggest  a  few  things  to 
the  guest. 

Never  fail  to  arrive  and  leave  at  the  very  moment 
signified  in  your  invitation. 

Never  fail  to  observe,  to  its  remotest  degree,  the 
laws  and  customs  of  the  house. 

Nor  should  a  gentleman  who  is  a  guest  forget  his 
attentions  to  his  hostess,  among  which  should  be  the 
note  written  after  he  leaves  her  house,  and  the  call 
when  she  comes  to  the  city  where  he  lives. 

If  there  is  an  elderly  person  who  hates  draughts 
and  loves  warmth,  endure  to  be  roasted  to  Jthe  bone 
rather  than  ask  to  have  a  window  open.  Some  one 
has  said,  "  All  visiting  is  slavery ;"  do  what  we  will, 
we  cannot  avoid  these  differences  as  to  temperature. 
"  I  will  live  in  an  ice-house  when  I  get  home,"  said  a 
visitor  at  a  too  hot  house-party  ;  "I  will  sit  near  a 
gas-stove  all  summer,"  said  another,  who  had  been 
frozen  ;  and  "  I  will  never  pay  another  visit  if  they 
put  a  gas-stove  in  my  room,"  said  a  third,  who  had 
been  asphyxiated  by  a  too  ardent  lover  of  comfort. 

It  is  impossible  to  please  everybody. 

And  then  comes  in  the  question  of  uncongenial 
souls. 

"  Why  did  you  ask  me  to  meet  Mrs.  Soureby  Cream- 


468  MANNERS   AND    SOCIAL   USAGES. 

ley?  You  know  I  cannot  endure  hor,"  says  one  indis- 
creet visitor  to  Mrs.  Trembly.  There  is  unfortunately 
a  clique  that  seeks  self -display ;  there  is  great  worship 
of  wealth  ;  there  is  a  tendency  to  imperious  self-asser- 
tion ;  there  is  a  leaning  to  frivolity  and  gossip  in  all 
the  "  smart "  sets  all  over  this  growing  country,  which 
must  impair  any  attempt  at  this  sort  of  sociable  enter- 
tainment, if,  at  the  same  time,  the  hostess  wishes  also 
to  invite  people  of  intelligence,  experience,  and  broad 
outlook,  with  high  purpose  and  inspiration.  The  two 
kinds  cannot  amalgamate  easily. 

But  the  American  woman  has  conquered  every- 
thing— she  will  conquer  this.  Women  who  have 
"done  their  own  work,"  who  have  gone  down  on 
their  knees  and  scrubbed  the  marbles  of  the  front 
hall,  may  be  called  on  to  rise  and  receive  a  princess, 
may  be  called  on  to  give  a  house-party  in  a  magnif- 
icent dwelling  which  the  husband  has  earned  the 
right  to  call  his  and  her  home. 

She  will  do  it  well.  She  will  carry  the  same  simplic- 
ity, the  same  self-respect,  into  the  new  home  which 
made  the  first  little,  modest  tenement  so  happy.  No 
doubt  she  will  in  time. 

She  may  have  to  learn  a  few  rules.  But  did  she 
not  have  to  learn  how  to  make  good  bread  ?  and  that 
was  far  more  difficult  than  to  learn  how  to  give  a 
house-party.  Learn,  however,  to  do  it  in  the  best 
way,  but  do  not  attempt  it  and  fail. 

THE   END. 


^>-' 


I  ji  hri 


In  Italy 


III  Miiieiji   ^*tl 


I 


1 

■ 


I 


HaMMNMir 

llll^ 


I 


t 

i 


W9«** 


Nflirf^  In  ital|f 


i 


■■ 
1" 

■a 


I 


