N  THE  CUSTODY  OF  ThE 

BOSTON     PUBLIC   LIBRARY. 


SHELF    N° 

{o\r 


T 


k^ 


«» 


ACCOUNT 

OF 

AN  EXPEDITION 

FROM 

PITTSBURGH  TO  THE  ROCKY  MOUNTAINS, 

PEHFORMED  IN  THE  YEARS  1819  AND  '20, 
BY  ORDER  OF 

THE  HON.  J.  C.  CALHOUN,  SECY  OF  WAR: 

T7NDER  THE  COMMAND  OF 

MAJOR  STEPHEN  H.  LONG. 

FUOM  THE  NOTES  OF   MAJOU  LONG,  MR.  T.  SAY,  AND  OTHER  GEN- 
TLEMEN  OF  THE  EXPLORING  PARTY. 


■■%. 


COMPILED 

BY  EDWIN  JAMES, 

BOTANIST  AND  GEOLOGIST  FOR  THE  EXPEDITION. 


IN  TWO  VOLS.— WITH  AN  ATTAS 
VOL.  IL 


rHlLJlDELPUM: 

H.  C.  CAREY  AND  I.  LEA,  CHESNUT   ST. 


1823.  ^  cA 


EASTERN  DISTRICT  OF  PENNSYLVANIA,  to  wit: 

BE  IT  Remembered,  tbat  on  the  twenty-ninth  day  of  November,  in  the 
forty-seventh  year  of  the  independence  of  the  United  States  of  America, 
A.  D.  1822,  H.  C.  C'aket  and  1.  Lea  of  the  said  district,  have  deposited  in 
this  office  the  title  of  a  book,  the  right  whereof  they  claim  as  proprietors 
in  the  words  following,  to  wit: 

"  Account  of  an  Expedition  from  Pittsburgh  to  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
performed  in  the  years  1819  and  '20,  by  order  of  the  Hon  J.  C.  Calhoun, 
Sec'ry  of  V>  ar,  under  the  command  of  S.  H.  Long,  IViaj.  7opl.  Engrs.  from 
the  notes  of  Maj.  Long,  Mr.  T.  Say,  and  cthtr  penllen  tn  of  the  J'.xplor- 
ing  Party,  compiled  by  Edwin  Janr.es,  botanist  and  gtologist  for  the  ex- 
pedition.  In  two  vols. — Vol.11. 

In  conformity  to  the  act  of  the  congress  of  the  Lnited  States,  intituled 
"  An  act  for  the  encouragement  oJ  learning,  bj  st  curing  the  copies  of 
maps,  charts,  and  books,  to  the  authors  and  proprietors  of  such  copies, 
during  the  times  therein  mentioned  " — And  also  to  the  act,  entitled,  "  An 
act  supplementary  to  an  act  entitled,  "  An  act  for  the  encouragement  of 
learning,  by  securing  the  copies  of  maps,  charts  and  books,  to  the  authors 
and  proprietors  of  such  copies  during  the  times  therein  mentioned,"  and 
extending  the  benefits  thereof  to  the  arts  of  designing,  engraving,  and 
etching  historical  and  other  prints." 

D.  CALDWELL, 
Clerk  of  the  Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania^ 


CONTENTS  OF  VOL.  IF. 


CHAPTKR  I, 


Sandstone  formalion  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains — the  Platlo 
within  the  Mountains — Granite  between  the  Platte  and  Arkansa — 
Birds,  Plants,  &c.  .  .  .  .  .  .  i 

CHAPTER  TI. 

Excursion  to  tlic  summit  of  the  Peak — Mineral  Springs — Coquimbo 
Owl — Encampment  on  the  Arkansa,  -  -  -  23 

OHAPTKR.  III. 

A  detachment  from  the  Exploring'  party  ascend  the  Arkansa  to  the 
Mountains — Bell's  Spring-s — Descentofthe  Arkansa — Grizzly  Bear,    42 

CHAPTER  IV. 

Natural  mounds — Kaskaia  Indian  and  Sqnaw — Preparations  for  a  di- 
vision of  the  party — Sandstones  of  the  higli  plains  south  of  the  Ar- 
kansa— Floetz  trap  formation,  -  -  -  -  58 

CHAPTER  V. 

9ufferings  of  the  party  from  stormy  weather  and  want  of  provisions — 
Indications  of  an  approach  towards  settlements — Inscribed  rocks — 
Cervus  Macrotis — Volcanic  origin  of  Amygdaloid,  -  85 

CHAPTER  VI. 

Band  of  Kaskaias — Indian  encampment — unfriendly  behaviour  of  the 
Kaskaias — Some  account  of  their  persons  and  manners — Salt  Plains 
— Camanoias,  -  --  -  -  -  101 

CHAPTER  VII. 

Sand  plains — Mississippi  Hawk — Small  leaved  elm — wild  horses — 
Hail  storm — Climate — Bisons — Grapes—Red  sand  formation — Gyp- 
sum, -  -  .....  120 

CHAPTER  VIII. 

Inconveniences  resulting  from  want  of  water — Wood  ticks — Plants — 
Loss  of  one  of  the  party — Honey  bees — Forests — Gray  Sandstone — 
Indications  of  coal — Limestone,  -  -  -  .  139 

CHAPTER  IX. 

Madura  Aurantiaca — Birds— Falls  of  the  Canadian — Green  argilla- 
ceous sandstone — Northern  and  Southern  tributaries  of  the  Cana- 
VOL.  11.  B 


CONTENTS. 

Page, 
dian — Cotton  wood — Arrival  at  the  Arkansa — Cane  brakes — Che- 
rokees — Belle  Point,  -  -  -  -  -  15U 

CHAPTER  X. 

Journey  down  the  Arkansa — Thunder  storm — Some  account  of  the 
Kiawa,  Kaskaia,  Arrapaho  and  Shienne  Indians — New  species  of 
Toad,  -.---..  173 

CHAPTER  XI. 

Arrapaho  war-party — Cow-bunting — Rattlesnakes — Burrowing  owl — 
Departure  of  Bijeau  and  Ledoux  for  the  Pawnee  villages — Scarcity 
of  timber — Gi-eat  herds  of  Bisons — Wolves,  -  -  192 

CHAPTER  XII. 

Termination  of  the  great  bend  of  the  Arkansa — letan  war  party — 
Little  Arkansa — Red  river  fork — Little  Neosho  and  Little  Verdi- 
gris, -  -  -  -  -  -  -  206 

CHAPTER  Xlir. 

Indian  hunting  encampment — Brackish  water — The  party  pressed  by 
IiUDger — Forked  tailed  Fly-catcher — An  elevated,  almost  moun- 
tainous range  of  country — Desertion  of  three  men — Red  water,         221 

CHAPTER  XIV. 

The  party  meet  with  Osage  Indians — Some  account  of  this  nation — 
Mannerof  taking  wild  horses,  -  -  -  _  237 

CHAPTER  XV. 

Verdigris  river — Mr.  Glenn's  trading  house — New  species  of  Lizard 
— Neosho,  or  Grand  river^ — Salt  works — Large  spider — Illinois 
creek — Ticks — Arrival  at  Belle  Point,  ...        25Q 

CHAPTER  XVI. 

Journey  from  Belle  Point  to  Cape  Girardeau — Cherokee  Indians — 
Osage  war — Regulators — Settlements  of  White  river,  -  260 

CHAPTER  XVII. 

Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita — Red  river — Exploring  Expedition  of 
1806— Arrival  at  Cape  Girardeau — Dissolution  of  the  Party,  287 


SUPPLEMENTARY  CHAPTERS. 

Page. 

CHAPTER  XVIII. 

General  description  of  the  country  traversed  by  the  exploring  Expe- 
dition, extracted  from  a  report  of  Major  Long  to  the  Hon.  J.  C 
Calhoun,  Secretary  of  War;  dated  Philadelphia,  January  20th, 
1821,  .......  331 

I.  Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Ohio  river  and  the  Alleghany 
Mountains,      '         -  -  -  -  -  -  332 

II.  Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Ohio,  Mississippi,  and  the 
Lakes,  .._.---  333 

III.  Of  the  country  situated  between  tlie  Mississippi  and  Missouri 
rivers,         -  -._  .  _..-  340 

IV.  Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Missouri  and  Red  rivers, 
west  of  the  Mississippi,  and  east  of  the  meridian  of  the  Council  Bluff,  342 

V.  Of  the  country  situated  between  the  meridian  of  the  Council 
Bluff  and  the  Rocky  Mountains,  -  -  -  -         350 

VI.  Of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  -  -  -  361 

VII.  Of  the  Indians  inhabiting  the  section  of  country  last  described,    363 

VIII.  Of  the  Arrapahoes,  Kaskaias,  Kiaways,  letans,  and  Shiennes,     367 

IX.  Observations  embracing  several  traits  of  character  common  to 

the  Indians  of  the  Western  country,  _  _  _  368 

X.  Of  the  Mississippi,  Missouri,  and  Ohio  rivers,  -  -  376 

XI.  Of  the  Great  Valley,  or  basin  of  the  Mississippi,  -         -        379 

CHAPTER  XIX. 

Observations  on  the  geology  of  the  country  traversed  by  the  Expe- 
dition, -  -  -  -      '       -  -  -  384 

SECTION  I,  Of  the  Secondary  formations  connected  with  the  Rocky 
Mountains — 1,  Of  the  Great  American  Desert — 2,  Sandstones  of 
the  Rocky  Mountains — 3,  Floetz  trap  rocks,  _         -  .         386 

SECTION  II.  Of  the  Primitive  parts  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,         -         405 

SECTION  in.  Of  the  Ozark  Mountains— 1,  Carboniferous  limestone — 
2,  Argillaceous  sandstone — 3,  Petrosilex — 4,  Native  argil? — 5,  In- 
clined sandstone — 6,  Argillite — 7,  Granite,  -  -  408 

SECTION  IV.  Of  the  Alleghany  Mountains — 1,  Granular  limestone — 
2,  Metalliferous  limestone-^3.  Transition  argillite — 4,  Transition 
sandstone,         -  _.-_  .  --         432 

APPENDIX — Containing 
Astronomical  and  Meteorological  records— Vocabularies  of  Indian 
languages,  and  a  general  Indexj^conclusion  of  the  volume- 


EXPEDITION 


FROM 


PITTSBURGH  TO  THE  ROCKY  MOUNTAINS. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Sandstone  formation  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains — 
The  Platte  within  the  mountains — Granite  between  the 
Platte  and  the  Arkansa  —Birds — Plants^  &c. 

The  inclined  sandstone  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains we  found  much  wider  and  its  summits  incomparably 
more  elevated  than  our  previous  opinions,  or  a  distant  view 
had  led  us  to  expect.  This  extensive  range,  rising  abruptly 
from  the  plain,  skirts  the  base  of  the  mountain  like  a  vast 
rampart,  and  from  a  person  standing  near  it,  intercepts  the 
view  of  the  still  more  grand  and  imposing  features  of  the 
granite  ridge  beyond.  It  consists  of  rocks  in  which  the  com- 
minuted fragments  of  primitive  aggregates  are  intermixed 
with  the  reliquiae  of  the  animals  of  a  former  world,  known 
to  us  only  by  the  monuments  which  these  remains  exhibit. 
The  stratifications,  with  which  this  rugged  and  precipitous 
wall  of  sandstone  is  distinctly  seamed,  penetrate  the  mass 
with  various  degrees  of  obliquity;  not  unfrequently  the  la- 
minae are  entirely  vertical,  as  if  the  whole  had  receded  from 
its  original  position,  and  these  immense  rocky  masses,  had, by 
the  operation  of  some  powerful  agent,  bten  broken  off  from 
their  former  continuity,  with  the  strata  now  found  in  a  hori- 
zontal position  in  the  plains. 

VOL.  II.  1 


2  Expedition  to  the 

It  is  difficult,  when  contemplating  the  present  appearance 
and  situation  ol  these  rocks,  to  prevent  the  imagination  from 
wandering  back  to  that  remote  unascertained  period,  when 
the  billows  of  the  primeval  ocean  lashed  the  base  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  and  deposited,  during  a  succession  of 
ages,  that  vast  accumulation  of  rounded  fragments  of  rocks 
alternating  with  beds  of  animal  remains,  which  now  extend 
without  interruption  from  the  base  of  this  range  to  the  sum- 
mits of  the  AUeghanies;  and  endeavouring  to  form  some  con- 
ception of  that  subsequent  catastrophe  which  has  so  changed 
the  relative  elevation  of  the  two  great  formations  that  the 
margin  of  the  secondary  has  been  broken  off  and  thrown  in- 
to an  inclined  or  vertical  position. 

The  valley  between  this  parapet  of  sand-rock  and  the  first 
granitic  ridge  is  near  a  mile  wide.  It  is  ornamented  with 
numerous  isolated  columnar  rocks,  often  of  a  snowy  white- 
ness, standing  like  pyramids  and  obelisks,  interspersed  among 
mounds  and  hillocks,  which  seem  to  have  resulted  from  the 
disintegration  of  similar  masses. 

The  range  of  sandstone  appears  to  have  been  originally  of 
uniform  elevation  and  uninterrupted  continuity,  stretching 
along  the  base  of  the  mountains  from  north  to  south,  but  it 
has  been  divided  transversely  by  the  bed  of  the  Platte,  and 
all  the  larger  rivers  in  their  descent  to  the  plains. 

From  our  camp,  we  had  expected  to  be  able  to  ascend 
the  most  distant  sumniits  then  in  sight,  and  return  the  same 
evening,  but  night  overtook  us  and  we  found  ourselves  scarce- 
ly arrived  at  the  base  of  the  mountain.  The  lowest  part  of  the 
sandstone  stratum,  exposed  at  the  western  declivities  of  the 
hills,  and  in  the  points  nearest  the  granite,  contains  extensive 
beds  of  coarse  conglomerate  or  pudding-stone,  often  of  a 
reddish  colour.  The  more  compact  parts  of  the  rock  pre- 
sent remains  of  terebraiulge  and  other  submarine  animals. 
Among  these,  few  are  entire  or  in  good  preservation.  We 
observed  here,  several  singular,  scorpion-like  animals,  inha- 


Rocky  Mountains,  3 

biting  under  stones  and  dried  bison's  dung.  They  have  a  for- 
midable appearance,  and  run  actively.  They  belong  to  the 
class  Arachnides,  genus  Galeodes,  which  has  been  heretofore 
observed  only  in  warm  climates;  not  one  was  known  to  in- 
habit this  continent.* 

About  the  sandstone  ledges  we  collected  a  geraniumf  in- 
termediate between  the  crane's  bill  and  herb  robert,  the 
beautiful  calochortus,-  [C.  elegans^  Ph.]  and  a  few  other  va- 
luable plants. 

The  Platte  at  the  foot  of  the  mountains  is  twenty-five 
yards  wide,  having  an  average  depth  of  about  three  feet;  its 
water  clear  and  cool,  and  its  current  rapid.  Its  descent  for 
twenty  miles  below  cannot  be  less  than  eight  feet  per  mile. 
Its  valley  is  narrow  and  serpentine,  bounded  by  steep  and 
elevated  hills,  embosoming  innumerable  little  lawns  often  of 
a  semicircular  form,  ornamented  by  the  narrow  margin  of 
shrubbery  along  the  Platte. 

The   narrow   valley,  which  intervenes  between  the  ridges 

*  Genus  Gaieodes,  Oliv. 

1.  G.paUipes.  Say.  Hairy;  mandibles  horizontal;  fingers  regularly  ar- 
quated;  abdomen  subdepressed,  livid. 

Description.  Body,  pale  yellowisb  brown,  hairy.yeef,  paler;  whitish, 
first  pair  smallest,  fourth  pair  largest,  and  longest;  abdomen,  livid,  hairy, 
subdep^es^ed;  palpi,  more  robust  than  the  three  anterior  pairs  of  legs,  of 
subequal  diameter,  but  rather  thicker  towards  the  tip,  more  hairy  than 
the  feet;  pyes  and  tubercfe  blackish;  mandibles,  dilated  with  numerous  rigid 
setoe;  and  with  parallel  setae  projected  over  the  fingers;  Jiiii^ers,  regularly 
arquated,  reddish  brown  at  tip,  and  with  a  reddish  brown  line  above  and 
beneath;  within  armed  with  many  robust  teeth;  thorax,  with  a  deep  sinus 
at  the  anterior  angles. 

5.  G.  subulatn,  hairy;  mandibles,  horizontal;  thumb  nearly  rectilinear; 
destitude  of  teeth. 

This  species  has  the  strongest  resemblance  to  the  preceding,  both  in 
form,  maguitnte,  and  colouring,  but  the  superior  finger  of  the  mandibles 
is  unarmed  and  rectilinear,  or  very  slightly  flexuous;  the  inferior  finger  is 
arquated,  with  about  two  robust  teeth. 

f  G.  coespitose,  sub-erect,  pubescent,  sparingly  branched  above.  Ra- 
dical leaves  reniform  deeply  5-7  cleft.  The  flower  is  a  little  larger  than 
that  of  G.  robertianum,  and  similarly  coloured,  having  whiti-h  lines  to- 
wards the  base  of  the  corrolla  We  also  saw  here  the  Campanula  decipi- 
ens.  Pers.  L>simac!iia  ciliala,  Ph.  Troximon  glaucum,  A",  with  two  or 
three  belonging  to  genera  with  which  we  were  unacquainted. 


4  Expedition  to  the 

of  sandstone  before  mentioned,  is  a  little  more  fertile  than 
the  plains  along  the  river.  It  is  covered  with  fine  and  short 
grasses,  and  varied  with  here  and  there  a  copse  of  small 
oaks  or  hazles.  There  are  also  some  columnar  masses  of 
white  sandstone,  twenty  or  thirty  feet  high,  standing  re- 
mote from  each  other,  having  the  debris  around  their 
bases  covered  with  shrubby  oaks. 

We  observed  here  the  obscure  wren,*  a  bird  more  closely 
related  to  the  great  Carolina  wren  of  Wilson  than  any  other 
we  have  seen;  but  the  characters  drawn  from  the  primaries, 
and  from  the  marking  of  the  tail  sufficiently  distinguish  it 
from  that  species.  The  bill  is  somewhat  longer,  and  the  ge- 
neral tint  of  the  plumage  of  a  much  more  sombre  hue.  It 
frequents  the  arid  country  in  the  vicinity  of  the  mountains, 
and  is  often  seen  hopping  about  upon  the  branches  and  sin- 
gularly compressed  semi- procumbent  trunks,  of  a  species  of 
juniper. 

The  bill  of  this  species  approaches  the  form  which  cha- 
racterizes the  genus  Certhia^  in  which  Wilson  has  placed  its 
kindred  species,  the  Carolina  wren. 

On  the  morning  of  the  7th  of  July,  the  party  remaining 
in  the  encampment  of  the  preceding  day.  Dr.  James  and 
Mr.  Peale,  accompanied  by  two  riflemen,  were  sent  out 
to  examine    the    mountains.    These  appeared  most  acces- 

*  Genus  Troglodytes-  Cuv. 

T.  obsoleta.  Sat.  Above,  dusky-brownisli,  slightly  undulated  with  pale, 
tinted  with  dull  ferruginous  on  the  top  of  the  head  and  superior  portion  of 
the  back;  sides  of  the  head  dull  whitish,  with  a  broad  brown  line  passing 
through  the  eye  to  the  origin  ol'the  neck;  primaries  plain,  beingentirely 
destitute  of  undulations  or  spots:  feathers  ofthe  tail-coverts  pale,  each  with 
four  or  five  fuscous  bands;  chin,  neck  beneath,  and  breast  whitish,  each  fea- 
ther marked  by  a  longitudinal  line  of  light  brown;  belly  white,  flanks  a  little 
tinged  with  ferruginous;  inferior  tail-coverts  white,  each  feather  bifasciate 
with  black  brown;  tail  simple,  broadly  tipped  with  ferruginous  yellow,  and 
with  black  before  the  tip;  the  remaining  portion  colour  of  the  wings  and 
obsoletely  banded;  these  bands  are  more  distinct  on  the  two  middle  fea- 
thers which  are  destitute  of  the  black  and  yellowish  termination;  exterior 
plume  marked  by  four  yellowish  white  spots  on  the  exterior  web,  and  by 
two  larger  ones  on  the  inner  web;  the  tip  ig  dusky. 

Length  six  incbes;  bill  from  the  corner  of  the  mouth  rather  more  than 
one  inch. 


Rocky  Mountains.  5 

sible  on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  which  was  opposite 
our  encampment.  The  river  was  here  about  four  feet  deep, 
and  the  strength  of  the  current  such  as  to  render  it  impos- 
sible for  a  man  to  keep  on  his  feet,  in  the  deepest  part  of  the 
stream.  As  some  of  the  party  destined  for  the  mountains 
could  not  swim,  it  was  thought  hazardous  for  them  to  at- 
tempt to  cross  by  fording.  To  obviate  this  difficulty  two 
men  were  sent  with  a  long  rope,  which  they  were  directed 
to  stretch  across  the  river,  making  the  ends  fast  on  either 
shore.  This  was  readily  accomplished,  one  of  the  men 
swimming  across  with  an  end  of  the  rope  in  his  teeth.  By 
the  aid  of  this  the  detachment  were  enabled  to  keep  their 
feet  in  crossing,  though  with  extreme  difficulty  as  the  bed 
of  the  river  was  uneven  and  rocky.  They  all  however  ar- 
rived in  safety  on  the  left  bank  about  sunrise. 

After  passing  the  region  of  inclined  sandstone,  which 
is  about  two  miles  in  width,  they  began  to  rise  upon  what 
may  be  considered  the  base  of  the  mountain.  As  the  day  ad- 
vanced the  heat  became  oppressive,  and  they  found  them- 
selves somewhat  exhausted,  before  they  had  crossed  the 
sandstone  hills,  which  appeared  so  inconsiderable  from  our 
encampment,  that  the  labour  of  crossing  them  had  been  al- 
most forgotten  in  estimating  the  toils  of  the  day.  The  first 
range  of  primitive  rocks  they  found  far  more  abrupt  and 
rugged  than  the  sandstone  hills  they  had  already  passed. 
Its  sides  are  destitute  of  vegetation,  except  a  few  priclcly 
pears  and  yuccas,  with  here  and  there  a  stinted  oak  or  ju- 
niper, and  so  steep  that  great  exertion  as  well  as  the  utmost 
caution  are  necessary  in  ascending. 

The  rock  is  an  aggregate  of  feldspar  and  hornblend,  ap- 
proaching in  character  some  of  the  common  varieties  of 
Sienite.  On  the  eastern  side,  where  the  feldspar  is  in  the 
greatest  proportion,  it  is  flesh-coloured  and  its  structure 
crystalline,  the  fractured  surface  of  the  mass  being  uneven 
like  that  of  coarse  granite;  advancing  towards  the  west,  horn- 


6  Expedition  to  the 

blend  was  found  more  and  more  predominant,  and  so  arranged 
as  to  have,  in  the  mass,  a  laminated  appearance.  The  natural 
fissures  or  cleavages  between  the  laminae  run  nearly  in  a  per- 
pendicular direction,  giving  the  rock  the  columnar  structure 
of  trap,  or  greenstone.  As  they  proceeded,  a  few  interest- 
ing insects  and  plants  occurred  to  reward  their  labors. 
But  these  impenetrable  and  naked  rocks  are  the  abodes  of 
few  living  beings  either  animal  or  vegetable.  In  the  cre- 
vices where  a  scanty  soil  has  accumulated,  is  here  and  there 
planted,  a  hardy  evergreen,  whose  short  and  gnarled  trunk, 
and  recurved  inflexible  branches,  seem  to  proclaim  the  storms 
it  has  withstood,  and  the  centuries  during  which  it  has  ve- 
getated. 

The  design  of  the  party  had  been  to  cross  the  first  r^nge 
of  the  mountains  and  gain  the  valley  of  the  Platte  beyond, 
but  this  they  found  themselves  unable  to  accomplish.  After 
climbing  successively  to  the  summit  of  several  ridges,  whieh 
they  had  supposed  to  be  the  top  of  the  mountain,  they  still 
found  others  beyond  higher  and  more  rugged.  They  therefore 
relinquished  the  intention  of  crossing,  and  began  to  look  for 
the  best  way  to  descend  to  the  bed  of  the  river,  which  lay  on 
their  left  hand.  Here  they  halted  to  rest  fur  a  few  moments, 
and  exposed  a  thermometer  in  the  shade  of  a  large  rock. 
The  mercury  fell  to  72^;  in  camp,  at  the  same  hour,  it  stood 
at  86°.  They  were  so  much  elevated  above  the  river,  that 
although  they  could  sec  it  plainly,  it  appeared  like  a  small 
brook  of  two  or  ihrve  yards  in  width,  white  with  foam  and 
spray  caused  by  the  impetuosity  of  its  current  and  the  rough- 
ness of  its  channel.  They  could  distinguish  two  principal 
branches  of  the  Platte,  one  coming  from  the  northwest,  the 
othrr  from  ;he  south.  A  little  below  the  confluence  of  these 
brarchts  iht  liver  turns  abruptly  to  S.  E.,  bursting  through  a 
ch:ism  in  a  v:Ast  ni'iral  pn  cipice  of  naked  colun.nar  rocks. 

About  noon  the  detichment  tommencid  their  descent, 
which   cost    them  no    less  exertion  than  their  ascent  in  the 


Rocky  Mountains.  7 

morning.  Their  fatigue  was  aggravated  by  thirst,  as  they 
met  with  no  water  nor  any  shade  except  that  of  project- 
ing rocks  in  the  higher  parts  of  the  mountain.  They  chose 
a  different  route  from  that  which  they  had  taken  in  ascend- 
ing, intending  to  descend  to  the  river,  with  the  hope  of  being 
able  to  travel  along  its  bed.  They  were  obliged  to  assist  each 
other  in  lowering  themselves  down  precipices,  which  they 
would  have  found  it  impossible  to  pass  singly.  On  the  southern 
declivity  of  the  mountain  they  met  with  a  few  ripe  currants, 
but  these  were  hard  and  juiceless,  of  a  sweetish  taste,  and  ag- 
gravated instead  of  alleviating  their  thirst,  and  were  probably 
the  cause  of  a  violent  headach  with  which  several  of  the  party 
were  affected  soon  after  eating  them.  There  were  also  found  a 
few  large  and  delicious  raspberries,  of  a  species  approaching 
the  flowering  raspberry,  [Rubus  odoratus^  but  Avith  smaller 
leaves  and  a  more  branching  stem. 

After  descending  from  the  more  precipitous  parts  about 
the  summit  of  the  mountain,  they  crossed  a  long  and  rugged 
tract,  buried,  and  rendered  almost  impassable  by  boulders 
and  fragments  which  had  fallen  from  above,  and  were  at 
length  so  fortunate  as  to  find  a  spring  of  cool  water,  and  a 
shade  in  a  narrow  ravine,  where  they  sat  down  to  rest,  and 
dine  on  the  provision  they  had  brought. 

The  men  who  were  with  them  stopped  in  the  same  ravine, 
a  few  rods  below.  One  of  these,  immediately  after  drink- 
ing the  water,  was  violently  attacked  with  headach,  vomit- 
ing, and  purging,  which  increased  to  such  an  alarming  de- 
gree that  he  was  presently  unable  to  stand  upon  his  feet. 
As  it  was  feared  he  would  not  soon  recover  strength  enough 
to  walk,  Mr.  Peale  undertook  to  return  alone  to  camp,  and 
give  notice  of  his  situation,  and  return  with  medicine  and 
assistance. 

He  descended  along  a  rough  and  obstructed  ravine  until 
he  arrived  at  the  Platte,  but  found  the  valley  so  confined 
as  to  be  impassable,  and  again  directed  his  course  across  the 


8  Expeditio7i  to  the 

mountains,  towards  the  northeast,  and  after  a  most  rugged 
and  fatiguing  march  of  about  six  miles,  arrived  at  camp  late 
in  the  afternoon.  Here  he  found  several  of  the  party  suffer- 
ing in  a  similar  manner,  but  not  so  severely  as  the  man  he 
had  left  in  the  mountains.  T;vo  men  were  immediately 
despatched  with  some  medicines  in  search  of  the  disabled 
party. 

The  spot  where  they  halted  was  several  miles  within  the 
mountains,  and  elevated  nearly  to  the  limit  of  phaenog^mous 
vegetation.  The  common  hop,  [H.  lupulus']  was  growing  in 
perfection,  also  the  box  elder,  [Acer  negundo^  Ph.  ]  the  com- 
mon sarsaparilla  of  the  Eastern  states,  [Aralia  nudicaulis'] 
the  spikenard  [A.  racemosa^  and  many  other  plants  com- 
mon to  the  Alleghanies  and  Green  mountains.  After  waiting 
about  two  hours,  the  sick  man  had  so  far  recovered  as  to  be 
able  to  stand  upon  his  feet,  and  to  walk  a  little.  They  there- 
fore relieved  him  of  his  gun  and  other  luggage,  and  moved 
by  short  stages  towards  camp,  where  they  arrived  at  a  late 
hour  of  the  night.* 

The  men,  who  had  been  sent  out  to  their  assistance,  re- 
turned some  time  afterwards,  having  sought  for  them  with- 
out success.  In  the  morning  of  the  same  day,  soon  after 
the  departure  of  Dr.  James'  detachment,  two  of  the  party 
passed  into  the  mountains,  on  the  left  side  of  the  river;  they 
experienced  much  dijfliculty,  and  underwent  much  labour  in 
scaling  the  steep  ascents,  and  some  hazard  in  descending  the 
precipitous  declivities,  which  marked  their  course.  The 
timber  was  small,  scrubby,  and  scattered  in  the  most  favour- 

'*'  Among'  many  plants  collected  in  this  excursion,  some  of  tliem  new  to 
us,  we  recognized  the  bear-berry  [Arbutus  uva-nrst  L.]  an  inhabitant  of 
the  mountainous  districts  of  New  York  and  New  England,  also  the  Dodeca- 
theon  integrifolium  Ph.,  and  a  beautiful  little  plant,  referrible  to  the  ge- 
nus Mentzeliaof  Plumier.  On  the  higher  parts  of  the  mountain,  an  oak  is 
common,  approaching  in  character  the  Quercus  banisteri,  mx:,  also  a 
small  undescribed  acer,  the  Juniperus  commwn?*,  and  J.  virginiana.  In  the 
ravines,  the  Rhus  toxico-derulron,  spinua  opulijulia,  &c.;  and  at  the  base 
of  the  mountains,  the  Prenanthes  rundnatum,  Saxifraga  nivalis,  L.  a  cer- 
astium,  &c. 


Rocky  Mountains.  9 

ed  situations,  and  many  of  the  solitary  pines,  which  occupi- 
ed an  elevated  position,  had  evidently  been  the  sport  of  fu- 
rious tempests,  being  rived  and  seamed  by  lightning. 

To  the  right,  and  easy  of  access,  was  a  projecting  rock, 
supporting  a  single  humble  cedar  in  one  of  its  fissures,  from 
which  a  stone  let  fall  was  received  into  the  torrent  of  the 
river  which  washed  its  base.  The  huge  rampart  of  naked 
rocks,  which  had  been  seen  from  below  to  stretch  across  the 
valley,  was  now  in  nearer  view,  the  river  whirling  abruptly 
around  the  acute  angle  of  its  extremity,  and  offering,  at  its 
superior  edge,  an  embattled  outline.  They  ascended  a  pri- 
mitive mountain  which  seemed  to  be  of  superior  elevation,  in 
order  to  overlook  the  western  ranges,  but  they  here  found  their 
horizon  bounded  by  the  succeeding  mountain,  towering  ma- 
jestically above  them.  To  the  east,  over  the  tops  of  a  few 
inferior  elevations,  lay  expanded,  like  an  ocean,  the  vast  in- 
terminable prairie,  over  which  we  had  so  long  held  our  mo- 
notonous mardi.  The  undulations  which  vary  its  surface 
now  disappeared,  and  the  whole  lay  like  a  map  before  the 
observer.  They  could  trace  the  course  of  the  Platte,  and 
number  the  streams  they  had  crossed,  and  others  which  they 
had  before  passed  near,  by  the  slight  fringing  of  timber  or 
bushes  which  margined  their  banks,  and  by  an  occasional 
glimpse  of  their  streams,  shining  like  quicksilver,  and  inter- 
rupting and  varying  the  continuity  of  the  plain,  as  they  pur- 
sued their  serpentine  course.  The  atmospher&  was  remark- 
ably serene,  and  small  clouds  were  coursing  over  the  surface 
of  the  heavens,  casting  their  swiftly-moving  shadows  upon 
the  earth,  and  enhancing  the  beauty  of  the  contrast,  which 
the  long  lines  of  timber  afforded,  to  the  general  glare  of 
light.  After  contemplating  for  some  time  the  beauty  and 
extent  of  the  scene,  their  attention  was  attracted  by  a  moving 
point,  rendered  occasionally  visible  by  reflecting  the  rays  of 
the  retiring  sun.  This  object  was  our  white  flag  waving  m 
a  gentle  breeze  and  revealing  the  position  of  our  camp,  the 

VOL.  ir.  i2 


10  Expedition  to  the 

only  spot  in  the  boundless  landscape,  where  the  eye  could 
rest  on  the  work  of  human  hands. 

Astronomical  observations  were  attempted  at  camp,  but 
in  the  middle  of  the  day  the  moon  was  too  near  the  sun,  and 
in  the  evening  the  sky  was  cloudy. 

The  sickness  experienced  by  almost  all  the  party,  was, 
probably,  occasioned  by  eating  currants,  which  were  abun- 
dant about  the  camp.  It  is  not  to  be  supposed,  this  illness 
was  caused  by  any  very  active  deleterious  quality  in  the 
fruit,  but  that  the  stomach,  by  long  disuse,  had,  in  a  great 
measure,  lost  the  power  of  digesting  fruits.  Several  continu- 
ed unwell  during  the  night. 

On  the  morning  of  the  9th,  we  resumed  our  journey,  tra- 
velling somewhat  east  of  south,  along  a  small  tributary  of 
the  Platte.* 

The  bed  of  this  stream  lies  from  south  to  north,  along  a 
narrow  valley,  bounded  on  each  side  by  high  cliffs  of  sand- 
stone.    The   rock    is   similar  to  that  already  mentioned,  its 

*  A  beautiful  species  of  pigeon  was  shot  near  the  mountain.  The  head 
is  of  a  purplish-cinereous  colour;  the  back  of  the  neck  and  its  sides  brilliant 
gul  'en  green,  thi  feathers  at  base  brownish  purple;  above  this  patch,  and 
at  base  of  the  head,  is  a  white  semi-band;  the  under  part  of  the  neck  is  pale 
vinaceous-purplish,  this  colour  becomes  paler  as  it  approaches  the  vent, 
which,  with  the  inferior  tail-coverts,  is  white;  anterior  portion  of  the  back, 
the  wing-coverts  and  scapulars,  are  brownish-ash,  the  larger  wing-feathers 
dark  brown,  approaching  black,  the  exterior  edges  whitish;  the  lower 
part  of  the  back,  the  rump  and  tail  coverts,  inferior  wing-coverts  and  sides, 
bluish-ash,  paler  beneath  the  wings;  the  shafts  of  the  body  feathers  and 
tail  coverts  are  remarkably  robust,  tapering  rather  suddenly  near  the  tips; 
the  tail  is  medial,  rounded  at  tip,  consisting  of  twelve  feathers,  a  definite 
black  band  at  two  thirds  their  length  from  the  base,  before  which  the  co- 
lour is  bluish-asb  and  behind  it  dirly  whitish;  the  bill  is  yellow,  tipped  with 
black,  somewhat  gibbous  behind  the  nostrils;  the  irides  red;  the  feet  yel- 
low; claws  black. 

This  species  seems  to  be  most  intimately  allied  to  the  ring-tailed  pigeon 
(C.  caribcta.)^  from  which  it  diflers  in  the  colour  of  the  legs  and  bill,  and 
in  not  having  the  gibbosity  at  the  base  of  the  latter,  so  remarkable;  it  is  pos- 
sible that  it  may  be  an  intermediate  link  between  the  ring-tailed  pigeon 
and  the  stock  pigeon  of  Europe,  with  the  latter  of  which  it  has  in  common 
the  exterior  white  edging  to  the  greater  wing  feathers.  It  may  be  dis- 
tinguished by  the  name  of  band-tailed  pigeon  {( :o\umhA fasciata.)  and  may 
be  seen  with  other  specimens  of  natural  objects,  collected  in  this  expedi- 
tion, in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


Rocky  Mountains.  11 

strata  having,  however,  less  inclination  than  is  observed 
nearer  the  base  of  the  mouncain.  It  is  the  marcrin  of  that 
great  formation  of  secondary  which  occupies  the  plains,  and 
appears  as  if  broken  off  and  thrown  into  an  inclined  position, 
by  some  convulsion  which  changed  the  relative  elevation  of 
the  stratum.  It  is  of  great  thickness,  its  laminse  in  an  almost 
vertical  position,  occupying  a  surface  of  two  or  three  and 
sometimes  many  miles  in  width.  On  the  eastern  declivities 
of  the  first  ranges  of  hills,  in  places  which  may  be  sup- 
posed to  have  been  the  surface  of  the  stratum  in  its  ori- 
ginal position,  the  rock  is  usually  of  a  close  grain  and 
compact  texture,  and  of  a  yellowish- white  or  light  gray 
colour. 

We  saw  many  masses  of  sandstone  bearing  a  striking  re- 
semblance to  colossal  ruins,  also  some  insulated  hills  with 
perpendicular  sides  and  level  summits.  These  seem  to  be 
the  remains  of  an  extensive  portion  of  the  sandstone  stratum 
which  formerly  covered  the  country  to  the  level  of  their 
highest  summits.  They  occur  at  considerable  distance  from 
the  base  of  the  primitive  mountains,  and  their  summits  are 
occupied  by  horizontal  strata.  For  a  small  portion  of  the 
upper  part  of  their  elevation  their  sides  are  nearly  perpendi- 
cular, but  their  bases  are  surrounded  by  an  extensive  accu- 
mulation of  debris,  sometimes  rising  nearly  to  the  summit. 
After  ascending  the  small  stream,  before  mentioned,  to  its 
source,  we  crossed  an  inconsiderable  ridge,  which  separates 
it  from  the  valley  of  Defile  creek :  this  we  ascended  to  the 
place  where  its  principal  branch  descends  from  the  mountain, 
where  we  encamped. 

Several  of  the  tributaries  to  Defile  creek  appear  to  dis- 
charge as  much  water  as  is  seen  in  the  stream  below  their 
junction.  This  appearance  is  common  to  many  of  the  larger 
creeks,  their  broad  and  sandy  beds  allowing  much  of  the 
water  to  sink  and  pass  off  through  the  sand.  In  the  evening 
a  favorable  opportunity,  the  first  for  several  days,  presented, 
and  obsesvations  for  latitude  were  taken. 


12  Expedition  to  the 

In  that  part  of  Defile  creek,  near  which  we  encamped,  are 
numerous  dams,  thrown  across  by  the  beaver,  causing  it  to 
appear  rather  like  a  succession  of  ponds  than  a  continued 
stream.  As  we  ascended  farther  towards  the  mountains,  we 
found  the  works  of  these  animals  still  more  frequent.  The 
small  willows  and  cotton-wood  trees,  which  are  here  in  con- 
siderable numbers,  afford  them  th^iir  most  favorite  food. 

In  visiting  one  of  those  peculiar  tabular  hills  which  mark 
the  border  of  the  secondary  region,  we  crossed  a  ridgt  of 
sandstone  about  three  hundred  feet  in  height,  with  strata  in- 
clined to  the  west.  To  this  succeeds  a  valley  about  one  mile 
wide,  having  a  scanty  growth  of  pine  and  oak.  The  as- 
cent of  the  hill  is  steep  and  rugged;  horizontal  strata  of 
sandstone  and  coarse  conglomerate  are  exposed  on  its  sides, 
and  the  summit  is  capped  by  a  thin  stratum  of  compact  sand- 
stone surmounted  by  a  bed  of  greenstone.  The  loose  and 
splintery  fragments  of  this  rock  sometimes  cover  the  sur- 
face and  make  a  clinking  noise  under  the  feet  like  fragments 
of  pottery. 

The  summit  of  the  hill  is  of  an  oval  form,  about  eight 
hundred  yards  in  length  and  five  hundred  in  breadth.  The 
elevation  is  about  one  thousand  feet,  and  the  height  of  the 
perpendicular  precipice,  from  the  summit  of  the  debris  to 
the  top  of  the  hill,  about  fifty. 

From  this  hill  the  High  Peak  mentioned  by  Capt.  Pike  was 
discovered,  and  its  bearing  found  to  be  S.  50°   W. 

Several  of  the  party  ascended  Defile  creek  until  they  ar- 
rived at  the  mountains,  into  which  they  penetrated  as  far  as 
was  found  practicable.  As  they  travelled  along  the  bed  of 
this  stream,  they  found  the  several  rock  formations  beauti- 
fully exposed,  and  in  the  following  order,  commencing  from 
the  alluvial  of  the  plain  on  the  east. 

First — Horizontal  sandstone,  embracing  extensive  beds  of 
coarse  conglomerate,  and  commonly  of  a  light  gray  or  red- 
dish-yellow colour. 


Rocky  Mountains.  13 

Second — Fine  compact  gray  sandstone,  containing  a  few 
impressions  of  organic  remains,  resembling  those  in  the 
sandstones  of  coal  formations.  This  rock  is  inclined  at  an 
angle  of  near  twenty  degrees  towards  the  west.  It  forms 
continuous  ranges  of  hills,  not  difficult  of  ascent  from  the 
east,  bat  their  western  declivities  are  abrupt  and  precipitous. 

Third — Lofty  and  detached  columns  of  sandstone  of  a 
reddish  or  deep  brown  colour.  These  are  irregularly  scatter- 
ed throughout  a  narrow  woodless  valley.  Some  of  them  rise 
probably  three  hundred  feet  above  the  common  level  of  the 
plain,  and  are  so  steep  on  all  sides  as  to  preclude  the  possi- 
bility of  ascent;  others  are  accessible  at  some  points,  and 
one  of  these  we  ascended. 

Fourth — Coarse  white  pudding-stone,  or  conglomerate 
and  sandstone  of  a  deep  red  colour,  alternating  with  each 
other,  and  with  beds  of  fine  white  sandstone,  and  resting 
against  the  granite  in  a  highly  inclined  position.  This  rock 
contains  well  preserved  remains  of  terebratula,  productus, 
and  other  bivalve  shells.  These  are  usually  found  on  or 
near  the  surface  of  large  nodules  of  a  fine  flinty  stone,  close- 
ly resembling  petrosilex.  The  same  rock  also  contains  an 
extensive  bed  of  iron  ore,  and  from  its  eastern  side  flows  a 
copious  brine  spring. 

About  this  spring,  which  had  evidently  been  much  fre- 
quented by  animals,  we  saw  the  skulls  of  the  male  and  female 
Big  horn;*  the  bones  of  elk,  bisons,  and  other  animals. 

The  granite,  which  succeeds  the  sandstone  last  mentioned, 
is  of  a  dark  reddish-brown  colour,  containing  a  large  pro- 
portion of  feldspar  of  the  flesh  coloured  variety,  and  black 
mica.     The  crystalline  grains  or  fragments  of  the  feldspar 

*  Big-horn.  This  animal  has  been  rudel}'  figured  by  Venegas  on  his 
second  plate,  who  informs  us  that  it  is  known  to  the  natives  of  California 
by  the  name  of  Taye;  another  figure,  but  also  a  bad  one,  was  given  by  Mr. 
Geoffroy  in  the  Ann.  de  Museum,  und»T  the  name  of  Ovis  montana 

Two  specimens,  a  male  and  female,  were  taken  to  Philadelphia  by  Lew- 
is and  Clark,  which  are  set  up  in  the  museum  of  that  city. 


14  Expedition  to  the 

are  large  and  detached  easily;  consequently,  the  rock  is  in  a 
state  of  rapid  disintegration.  This  granite  rises  abruptly  in 
immense  mountain  masses,  and,  undoubtedly,  extends  far  to 
the  west. 

The  little  river,  on  which  we  encamped,  pours  down  the 
side  of  this  granitic  mountain  through  a  deep,  inaccessible 
chasm,  forming  a  continued  cascade  of  several  hundred  feet. 
From  an  elevation  of  one  or  two  thousand  feet,  on  the  side 
of  the  mountain,  we  were  able  to  overlook  a  great  extent  of 
secondary  region  at  its  base.  The  surface  appeared  broken 
for  several  miles,  and  in  many  of  the  vallies  we  could  discern 
columnar  and  pyramidal  masses  of  sandstone,  sometimes  en- 
tirely naked,  and  sometimes  bearing  little  tufts  of  bushes 
about  their  summits.* 

*  A  female  bird  was  shot  oq  the  mountain  which  closely  resembles,  both 
in  size  and  figure,  the  female  of  the  black  game  (Tetrao  <e<«T).  It  is, 
however,  of  a  darker  colour,  and  the  plumage  is  not  so  much  banded,  Ihe 
tail  also  seems  rather  longer,  and  the  feathers  of  it  do  not  exhibit  any  ten- 
dency to  curve  outward,  which,  if  we  mistake  not,  is  exhibited  by  the  in- 
ner feathers  of  the  taiJ  of  the  corresponding  sex  of  the  black  game 

Its  general  colour  is  a  black-brown,  with  narrow  bars  of  pale  ocraceous; 
plumage  near  the  base  of  the  beak  above  tinged  with  ferruginous;  each 
feather  on  the  head  with  a  single  band  and  slight  tip;  those  of  the  neck, 
back,  tail-coverts,  and  breast,  two  bands  and  tip;  the  tips  on  the  upper  part 
of  the  back  and  on  the  tail-coverts  are  broad  and  spotted  with  black,  with 
the  inferior  band  often  obsolete;  the  throat  and  inferior  portion  oi  the 
upper  sides  of  the  neck  are  covered  with  whitish  feathers,  on  each  side  of 
which  is  a  black  band  or  spot;  a  white  band  on  each  feather  of  the  breast, 
becoming  broader  on  those  nearer  the  belly;  on  the  belly  the  plumage  is 
dull  cinereous  with  concealed  white  lines  on  the  shafts;  the  wing  coverts 
and  scapulars,  about  twu-banded  with  a  spotted  tip  and  second  baud,  and 
with  the  tip  of  the  shaft  white;  the  primaries  and  secondaries  have  whitish 
zig-zag  spots  on  their  outer  web.=,  the  first  feather  of  the  former  short,  the 
second  longer,  the  third,  fourth,  and  fifth  equal,  longest;  feathers  of  the 
sides  with  two  or  three  bands  and  white  spot  at  the  tip  of  the  shaft;  infe- 
rior tail  coverts  white  with  a  black  band  and  base,  and  slightly  tinged 
with  ocraceous  on  their  centres;  legs  feathered  to  the  toes,  and  with  the 
thighs  pale,  undulated  with  dusky;  tail  rounded,  with  a  broad  terminal 
band  of  cinereous,  on  which  are  black  zig  zag  spots;  on  the  intermediate 
feat  hers  are  several  ocraceous  spotted  bands,  but  these  become  obsolete  and 
confined  to  the  exterior  webs  on  the  lateral  feathers,  until  they  are  linrd- 
ly  perceptible  on  the  exterior  pair;  a. naked  space  above  and  beneath  (he 
eyes.  It  may  be  distinguished  by  the  name  of  the  dusky  grouse  ( Tetrao 
obscurun). 

When  this  bird  flew  it  uttered  a  cackling  note  a  littl-  like  that  of  the 
domestic  fowl:  this  note  was  noticed  by  Lewis  and  Clark  in  the  bird  which 


Rocky  Mountains.  15 

In  the  evening,  a  thunder-cloud  rose  in  the  east,  which  ap- 
peared for  some  time  to  approach,  the  thunder  being  loud 
and  frequent,  but  at  length  moved  off  towards  the  southeast, 
continuing  visible  in  the  horizon  during  great  part  of  the 
night. 

11th.  From  our  encampment,  we  travelled  nearly  south, 
and,  crossing  a  small  ridge  dividing  the  waters  of  the  Platte 
from  those  of  the  Arkansa,  halted  to  dine  on  a  tributary  of 
the  latter.  In  an  excursion  from  this  place  we  collected  a 
large  species  of  columbine,  somewhat  resembling  the  com- 
mon one  of  the  gardens.  It  is  heretofore  unknown  to  the 
Flora  of  the  United  States,  to  which  it  forms  a  splendid  ac- 
quisition. If  it  should  appear  not  to  have  been  described,  it 
may  receive  the  name  of  Aquilegia  coerulea.'^  Our  road, 
during    the    morning,    lay   for  about   twelve   miles,     along 

they  speak  of  under  the  name  of  the  cock  of  the  plains,  and  to  which  Mr. 
Ord  has  applied  the  name  of  Tetrao  fusca,  a  bird  which,  agreeably  to 
their  description,  appears  to  be  different  from  this,  having  the  legi  only 
half  booted:  the  "fleshy  protuberance  about  the  base  of  the  upper  chop," 
and  "  the  long  pointed  tail"  of  that  bird  may  possibly  be  sexual  distinc- 
tions. 

It  appears  by  the  observations  of  Lewis  and  Clark  that  several  species 
of  this  genus  inhabit  the  country  which  they  traversed,  particularly  in 
this  elevated  range  of  mountains  from  whence,  amongst  other  interesting 
animals,  they  brought  to  Philadelphia  a  specimen  of  the  spotted  grouse  (T. 
canadensis.)  which,  together  with  the  above  described  bird,  are  now  pre- 
served in  the  Philadelphia  Museum,  thus  proving  that  the  spotted  grouse 
is  an  inhabitant  of  a  portion  of  the  territory  of  the  United  States. 

*  A.  ccsrulea. — Leaves  twice  ternate;  flowers  terminal,  remote;  necta- 
ries strait  and  very  long.  It  inhabits  sandy  woods  of  pine,  and  spruce  with- 
in the  mountains,  rising  sometimes  to  the  height  of  three  feet. 

In  passing  from  the  head  waters  of  the  branch  of  the  Piatte  called  De- 
file creek,  to  those  of  one  of  the  northern  tributaries  of  the  Arkansa,  we 
notiied  some  change  in  the  soil,  and  soon  met  with  many  plants  we  had 
not  before  seen.  Several  of  these,  as  the  common  juniper,  and  the  red 
cedar,  (Juniperus  Virginiana,  Ph.)  the  black  and  hemlock  spruce  (Abies 
nigra  and  A.  canadensii*);  the  red  maple  (Acer  rubruni  Mx.)  the  hop  horn- 
beam (Ostry  a  uirg  mica  L.)  the  Populus  tremulijides  Mii..  Pinus  rciinosa 
Pyrola  secunda.  Orchis  dilntata,  &c.  are  common  to  mountainous  dis- 
tricts in  all  the  northern  parts  of  the  territory  of  the  United  States.  A 
campanula,  probably  the  (  .  unijlora,  bearing  a  single  flower  about  as 
large  as  that  of  the  common  hare-bell,  occurs  very  frequently.  Many 
others  are  here  found  which  require  more  careful  and  extensive  compa- 
rison with  the  plants  of  Mexico,  Siberia,  and  other  countries  than  we 
have  yet  had  the  opportunity  to  make. 


16  Expedition  to  the 

the  foot  of  the  primitive  mountains,  having  on  our  left  hand 
some  of  the  sandstone   ridges  and   hills  already  described. 
On  our  right  the  brown  and  naked  granite  rose  in  shapeless 
masses  far  above  our  heads,  and,  occasionally,  as  we  passed 
the  deep  fissures  worn  by  the  descending  torrents,  we  caught 
a  view  of  the  distant  summits,  glittering  with  perpetual  frost. 
In  the  vallies,  towards   the  east,    were   many   lofty   insular 
hills  with  perpendicular  sides  and   level  table-like  summits. 
They  are    sometimes    disposed  in   parallel  but  interrupted 
ranges,  and  sometimes  irregularly  scattered   without  any  ap- 
pearance   of  order.     In   every   instance   they    appeared    to 
be  the  remains   of  extensive  beds   of  sandstone,  portions  of 
which    had   been  preserved    from   disintegration   while   the 
contiguous  parts  had  crumbled  down  and  been  washed  away. 
One   of  these  singular  hills,  of  which  Mr.  Seymour  has 
preserved  a  sketch,  was  called  the  Castle  rock,  on  account  of 
its  striking  resemblance  to  a  work  of  art.     It  has   columns, 
and  porticoes,  and  arches,    and,  when  seen  from  a  distance, 
has  an   astonishingly  regular   and  artificial  appearance.     On 
approaching  it,   the  base  is  found  enveloped  in   an  extensive 
accumulation  of  soil  intermixed  with   fragments  of  rapidly- 
disintegrating  sandstone.    The  lower  portions  of  the  perpen- 
dicular sides  of  the   rock   are   of  loosely  cemented  pudding- 
stone,  but  the  summit  is  capped  by  a  compact  and  somewhat 
durable   sandstone.     This  is  surmouted   by  a   scanty  soil  in 
which  grow  a  few  stinted  oaks  and  junipers. 
.    We  had  seen  nq  bisons  for  several  days,  but  in  the   after- 
noon a  few  were  discovered  at  a  distance  from   our  course, 
and  three  men  despatched  in   pursuit   of  them.     They  were 
grazing  on  the  side  of  a  hill  near  a  mile   distant.     As  provi- 
sions  had  become   scarce,  we   watched  the  progress  of  the 
hunters  with  some  anxiety.     At  length  the  firing  commenc- 
ed, and  we  enjoyed  a  distinct,  though  distant  view,  of  the 
animating   spectacle  of  a   bison  hunt.     In  a  short  time  the 
hunters  joined  us,  their  horses  loaded  with  meat. 


Rocky  Mountains.  17 

In  the  afternoon  we  moved  on,  descending  the  little  stream 
on  which  we  had  halted  for  dinner.  Like  the  small  branches 
of  the  Platte  it  is  inhabited  by  great  numbers  of  beaver,  but 
has  more  timber  and  a  more  fertile  soil  than  any  stream  of 
similar  magnitude  we  had  lately  passed.  Some  light  show- 
ers occurred  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  and  at  evening  a  thun- 
der storm  was  observed,  in  the  same  manner  as  on  the  pre- 
ceding day,  to  collect  in  the  east,  and  after  we  had  listened 
to  its  thunders  for  some  time  it  moved  off  in  the  direction 
of  the  Arkansa,  but  no  rain  fell  where  we  were.  In  the  course 
of  the  day  several  elk  were  seen,  and  at  evening  we  killed  an 
antelope.  Robins  are  here  frequent,  and  a  Jerboa  was  seen 
resembling  the  Gerbillus  canade7isis.  Many  fine  plants  were 
collected,  several  of  which  are  hitherto  undescribed.* 

Towards  evening  our  guide  discovered  we  had  already 
passed  considerably  beyond  the  base  of  the  Peak,  near  which 
it  had  been  our  intention  to  halt.  As  we  were  particularly 
desirous  of  visiting  the  mountains  at  the  point  designated  in 
many  maps  as  the  "  Highest  Peak^''  we  resolved  to  return 
upon  our  course,  but  as  it  was  now  near  sunset  we  thought 
it  advisable  to  encamp  for  the  night. 

Our  journey  had  been  pursued  in  a  bison  path,  and  although 
not  in  the  direction  of  our  proper  course,  serving  only  to  pro- 
long our  march  without  advancing  us  towards  the  end  of  our 

*  One  of  these  is  a  large  and  conspicuous  plant  of  the  natural  famil}'  of 
the  CrucifercE,  which  may  be  referred  to  the  new  Genus  Stanlej  ea  of 
Nuttall,  and  distinguished  as  d.  integrifolia.  Stem  simple,  leaves  entire, 
ovate,  oblong,  tapering  to  both  ends:  stem  angular;  flowers  in  a  terminal 
raceme,  which  is  a  little  branclied  below;  about  six  inches  in  length. 
Stipe  of  the  silique,  about  as  long  as  the  pedicel.  Flowers  large,  yellow. 
The  whole  plant,  seen  at  a  little  distance,  has  a  remote  resemblance  to  Ly- 
simachia  thyrsifolia.  The  leaves  are  five  or  six  inches  long,  two  or  three 
wide,  glaucous  and  veined,  in  surface  and  colour,  nearly  resembling  those 
of  the  common  cabbage,  which  they  are  not  wholly  unlike  in  taste.  The 
calyx  is  large,  and  of  a  brighter  yellow  than  the  other  parts  of  the  flower. 
It  inhabits  the  summits  of  the  sandstone  ridges  along  the  base  of  the  moun- 
tains. The  S.  piiinatifida,  .'V.,  the  original  type  of  this  genus  was  found 
by  its  discoverer,  Mr.  Nuttall,  to  act  as  a  violent  emetic.  It  had  been 
eaten  by  several  of  the  party,  who  accompanied  him,  as  a  substitute  for 
cabbage. 

VOL.  II.  3 


18  Expedition  to  the 

pilgrimage,  yet  brought  us  nearer  to  that  romantic  scenery 
which  for  many  days  we  had  chiefly  contemplated  with  a 
distant  eye.  We  entered  the  secondary  range  along  the  mar- 
gin of  a  deep  ravine,  which  wound  with  a  serpentine  course 
towards  the  base  of  the  mountain  Our  progress  was  some- 
times impeded  by  huge  rocky  masses,  which  had  been  pre- 
cipitated from  some  neighbouring  height,  and  sometimes  a 
dense  forest  of  very  limited  extent,  or  an  immense  impend- 
ing wall,  or  oblique  buttress  of  rock,  which,  by  its  proximi- 
ty to  the  eye,  vied  with  the  grandeur  of  the  ascending  piles 
beyond.  We  retraced  our  path  of  the  preceding  day  until 
a  small  stream  running  towards  the  northeast  offered  us  a 
change  of  scenery,  and  a  course  more  in  the  direction  we 
wished  to  pursue.  The  great  inequalities  of  the  surface,  and 
the  precipitous  character  of  several  of  the  passes,  thoroughly 
tested  our  confidence  in  our  sure-footed  Indian  horses  and 
mules.  The  rude  pathway  skirted  along  the  base  of  a  high 
cliff,  on  whose  side,  far  above  our  heads,  projected  a  narrow 
ledge  of  rocks,  frowning  defiance  to  all  attempts  to  ascend. 
This  ledge  declined  gradually  as  we  proceeded,  until  it  ter- 
minated abruptly  on  the  edge  of  a  profound  gulf.  Here 
appeared  to  be  the  only  spot  at  which  the  ridge  could  be 
ascended.  On  the  brow  of  the  cliff  a  fragment  of  rock,  and 
a  small  portion  of  earth  were  suspended,  by  the  binding 
roots  of  a  solitary  pine,  offering  a  frail  and  precarious  foot- 
hold. This  we  chose  to  ascend,  startling  and  hazardous  as 
the  attempt  appeared,  rather  than  retrace  our  steps  for  se- 
veral miles,  and  search  for  a  passage  in  some  other  direction. 
The  projecting  ledge  by  which  we  ascended,  had  barely  suf- 
ficient width  to  admit  the  passage  of  a  single  individual  at 
a  time.  When  we  had  gained  the  summit,  we  allowed  our 
horses  a  moment's  rest,  in  the  partial  shade  of  some  strag- 
gling oaks;  and  contemplated,  not  without  a  feeling  of  terror, 
the  danger  we  had  passed.  We  thus  pursued  the  route  mark- 
ed out  for  us  by  the  bisons,  which  always  trace  the  most  direct 


Rocky  Mountains.  19 

and  best  course,  until  turning  the  side  of  a  mountain  of  mo- 
derate elevation,  the  ocean  of  prairie  again  spread  before  us. 
This  monotonous  plain,  of  which  we  had  been  hitherto  so 
weary,  now  burst  upon  the  sight,  and  for  a  moment  exhibit- 
ed a  cheerful  and  pleasant  contrast  to  the  rude  mountain 
ruins,  we  had,  with  such  toil  and  hazard,  been  clambering 
over.  This  charm  was,  however,  soon  to  be  dispelled.  On 
descending  to  the  plain,  it  became,  as  usual,  desirable  to  find 
a  good  situation  for  an  encampment,  abounding  with  grass 
for.  the  horses,  and  convenient  to  a  water  course.  For  this 
purpose,  one  of  the  party  rode  to  a  small  line  of  timber, 
about  a  mile  on  our  left,  which  ran  in  a  parallel  direction  to 
our  line  of  march.  He  overtook  us  again  at  the  distance  of 
two  or  three  miles,  having  discovered  a  copious  stream  of 
water.  It  was  about  three  miles  below  the  point  at  which  the 
water  had  been  discovered,  that  we  gained  the  line  of  tim- 
ber, only  to  experience  the  mortification  of  disappointment, 
in  finding  a  naked  bed  of  sand,  the  stream  having  no  doubt 
sunk  into  the  earth,  some  distance  above.  We  had  therefore 
to  undergo  the  pains  of  abstinence  still  longer,  until  we  again 
sought  the  timber  farther  below,  where  the  water  had  reap- 
peared on  the  surface. 

Near  this  encampment  we  first  observed  the  great  shrubby 
cactus,*  which  forms  so  conspicuous  a  feature  in  the  vege- 
table physiognomy  of  the  plains  of  the  Arkansa.  Its  trunk 
is  six  or  eight  feet  in  height,  and  at  the  root  five  or  six  in- 
ches in  diameter.  It  is  much  branched,  the  ultimate  divi- 
sions, consisting  of  long  cylindric  articulations.  The  flowers 
are  as  large  as  those  of  Cferox^  of  a  purple  colour,  and  are 
on  the  ends  of  the  articulations.  These  last  are  arranged 
somewhat  in  whorls,  about  the  ends  of  the  smaller  branches. 
The  surface  of  every  part  of  the  plant,  aside  from  its  terrific 
armature  of  thorns,  is  marked  by  little  prominences  of  near 

*  Cactus  cyhndricus  of  Humboldt^ 


20  Expeditio7i  to  the 

an  inch  in  length,  and  about  one  fourth  of  an  inch  in  breadth, 
rising  considerably  and  bearing  a  cluster  of  radiating  spines. 
At  their  insertion,  these  thorns  are  surrounded  by  pungent 
setae,  as  in  C.  ferox.  The  whole  plant  is  so  thickly  beset 
with  strong  spines  pointing  in  every  direction,  that  no  ani- 
mal of  any  considerable  size,  can  approach  it  unharmed.  It 
does  not  form  thickets,  but  each  plant  is  a  cluster  by  itself, 
and  when  first  seen  at  a  distance,  they  were  mistaken  for 
bisons.  We  were  informed  by  one  of  our  engagees,  who  had 
travelled  into  the  Spanish  provinces  as  far  as  Monterey,  that 
this  plant  is  common  there,  and  its  fruit  much  esteemed. 

The  Cacti  are  considered  characteristic  of  warm  and  dry 
climates,  like  those  of  Egypt  and  California>  Perhaps  there 
is  no  part  of  the  world,  where  plants  of  this  family,  consti- 
tute so  large  a  proportion  of  the  vegetable  products  of  the 
soil,  as  in  the  arid  plains  of  the  Arkansa.  These  plains  are 
sufficiently  dry,  but  like  those  of  the  Platte  and  Upper  Mis- 
souri, where  cacti  are  almost  equally  abundant,  they  are  vi- 
sited by  severe  cold  in  winter. 

Another  highly  interesting  plant,  which  occurs  in  the  most 
barren  and  desolate  parts  of  the  plain,  is  a  cucurbitaceous 
vine,  resembling  some  of  our  common  squashes,  bearing  a 
small  fruit,  which  is  round  and  smooth,  and  as  large  as  an 
oraDge.  It  is  perennial,  having  a  somewhat  ligneous  root, 
four  or  five  inches  in  diameter,  and  descending  often  more 
than  four  feet  into  the  earth.  We  were  so  fortunate  as  to 
meet  with  it  in  flower,  and  also  with  ripened  fruit.  It  has 
the  acutely  margined  seed  of  the  Genus  Ciicumis^  but  in 
other  respects,  is  closely  allied  to  cucurbita.f     In  addition 

*  Humboldt's  Personal  Narrative,  Vol.  i.  p.  362.  Philadelphia  edition. 

f  Cucumis?  perennis,  American  colycinth. 

Calyx  seated  upon  the  germ,  rugose,  coloured,  campanulate,  exterior 
divisions  subulate. 

Masc.  Three  filaments  short  and  closely  cohering,  coTering  the  cen- 
tral disc. 

Fern.  Style  short;  stigmas  three — bipartite. 


liocky  Mountains.  21 

to  these  we  collected  the  Zygadenus  elegans^  Ph.,  Ascle- 
pias  tuberosa^  and  some  others. 

From  an  elevated  ridge,  which  we  passed  in  the  morning, 
some  bisons  had  been  seen  at  the  distance  of  five  miles;  and 
as  we  were  in  want  of  game,  Mr.  Peale  with  two  hunters, 
rode  forward  in  pursuit  of  them.  They  overtook  the  herd 
near  a  small  creek,  and  attacked  one  of  the  largest,  which 
was  at  length  killed.  On  examining  the  body,  twenty  balls 
were  found  to  have  entered  in  different  parts,  before  the  ani- 
mal fell.  They  arrived  at  camp,  bringing  the  meat,  at  a  little 
after  noon. 

From  this  camp  we  had  a  distinct  view  of  "  the  Highest 

Fruit,  larg-e,  orbicular,  smooth,  about  four  celled;  seeds  ovate,  gib- 
bous, margin  acute;  dissepiments  spongy,  seeds  in  a  double  order. 

Leaves  alternate,  triangularly  cordate;  margin  undulate;  tendrils  axil- 
lary, trichotomous. 

Stems  numerous,  procumbent,  grooved. 

Flowers  nearly  as  large  as  those  of  Cucurbita  pepo. 

Fruit  nearly  sessile  round,  smooth,  and  green,  resembling  a  small  un- 
ripe watermelon. 

The  leaves  are  rough,  of  a  glaucous  green  colour,  bitter  and  nauseous 
to  the  taste,  and  tVie  whole  plant  emits  a  fetid,  disagreeable  odour. 

Root  somewhat  ligneous,  very  large,  six  feet  in  length,  and  often  four 
inches  in  diameter,  descending  perpendicularly  into  the  earth.  It  inha- 
bits the  arid  and  sandy  wastes,  alon;y  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
from  the  confluence  of  the  Arkansa  and  Boiling  spring  fork,  to  the  sources 
of  Red  river.  By  means  of  its  long  and  somewhat  succulent  root,  is  is  pe- 
culiarly adapted  to  the  soil  it  occupies,  and  thrives  with  considerable  vi- 
gour in  wastes,  whose  thirsty  and  burning  soils,  bid  defiance  to  almost 
every  other  vegetaole.  It  flowers  in  July,  and  continues  flowering  and 
perfecting  fruit  during  the  summer.  Some  plants  of  this  interesting  spe- 
cies, are  growing  in  the  garden  of  the  University  at  Philadelphia,  also 
in  that  of  Dr.  Ewing,  from  seeds  brought  by  Major  Long,  but  they  have 
not  yet  flowered.  The  leaves  are  thick  and  robust,  from  six  to  eight  in- 
ches long,  and  four  or  five  in  width,  on  foot  stalks  equalling  the  leaves  in 
length.  They  are  crowded  along  the  stems,  and  usually  stand  erect.  It 
does  not  appear,  that  any  insect,  or  animal,  preys  upon  the  leaves  or 
other  parts  of  this  plant.  It  forms  by  its  deep  green,  a  striking  contrast 
to  the  general  aspect  of  the  regions  it  inhabits,  which  are  exceedingly 
nased  and  barren.  This  plant  has  been  mentioned  by  Mr.  Brackenridge, 
under  the  name  of  "  Arkansa  simblin,"  from  the  information  of  hunters, 
but  no  detailed  account  of  it  has  hitherto  been  given. 

The  petioles,  and  the  extremities  of  the  stems,  are  usually  affected  with 
morbid  enlargements,  resembling  galls.  They  may  perhaps  be  caused, 
by  the  irritation  of  the  intense  reflected  light  and  heat  of  the  sun,  in  the 
situations  where  the  plant  usually  grows.  In  the  gardens  it  has  not  hith- 
ertg  produced  these  enlargements. 


22  Expedition^  £s?c. 

Peak."  It  appeared  about  twenty  miles  distant,  towards  the 
northwest;  our  view  was  cut  off  from  the  base,  by  an  inter- 
vening spur  of  less  elevation,  but  all  the  upper  part  of  the 
Peak  was  visible,  with  patches  of  snow,  extending  down  to 
the  commencement  of  the  woodv  region. 

At  about  one  o'clock  P.  M.,  a  dense  black  cloud  was  seen 
to  collect  in  the  southwest,  and  advancing  towards  the  Peak, 
it  remained  nearly  stationary  over  that  part  of  the  moun- 
tains, pouring  down  torrents  of  rain.  The  thunder  was  loud 
and  frequent,  and  though  little  rain  fell  near  our  camp,  the 
creek  soon  began  to  swell,  and  before  sunset  it  had  risen 
about  six  feet,  and  again  subsided  nearly  to  its  former  level. 
When  the  stream  began  to  rise,  it  was  soon  covered  with 
such  a  quantity  of  bison's  dung,  suddenly  washed  in  from  the 
declivities  of  the  mountains  and  the  plains  at  its  base,  ihat 
the  water  could  scarcely  be  seen. 

As  one  of  the  objects  of  our  excursion  was  to  ascertain 
the  elevation  of  the  Peak,  it  was  determined  to  remain  in  our 
present  camp  for  three  days,  which  would  alFord  an  oppor- 
tunity for  some  of  the  party  to  ascend  the  mountain. 


CHAPTER  II. 

Excursion  to  the  summit  of  the   Peak — Mineral  Spring's— 
Coquimbo  Owl — Encampment  on  the  Arkansa. 

At  an  early  hour  on  the  morning  of  the  13th,  Lieutenant 
Swift,  accompanied  by  the  guide,  was  despatched  from  camp, 
to  measure  a  base  near  the  Peak,  and  to  make  there  a  part  of 
the  observations  requisite  for  calculating  its  elevation.  Dr. 
James  being  furnished  with  four  men,  two  to  be  left  at  the 
foot  of  the  mountain  to  take  care  of  the  horses,  and  two  to 
accompany  him  in  the  proposed  ascent  to  the  summit  of  the 
Peak,  set  off  at  the  same  time. 

This  detachment  left  the  camp  before  sunrise,  and  taking 
the  most  direct  route  across  the  plains,  arrived  at  eleven 
o'clock,  at  the  base  of  the  mountain.  Here  Lieutenant  Swift 
found  a  place  suited  to  his  purpose,  where  also  was  a  con- 
venient spot  for  those  who  were  to  ascend  the  mountain,  to 
leave  their  horses  in  a  narrow  valley,  dividing  transversely 
several  sandstone  ridges,  and  extending  westward  to  the  base 
of  the  Peak. 

After  establishing  their  horse  camp,  the  dfitachment  mov- 
ed up  the  valley  on  foot,  arriving  about  noon  at  the  Boiling 
spring,  where  they  dined  on  a  saddle  of  venison,  and  some 
bison  ribs,  they  had  brought  ready  cooked  from  camp. 

The  Boiling  spring  is  a  large  and  beautiful  fountain  of  wa- 
ter, cool  and  transparent,  and  highly  aerated  with  carbonic 
acid.  It  rises  on  the  brink  of  a  small  stream,  which  here  de- 
scends from  the  mountain,  at  the  point  where  the  bed  of  this 
stream  divides  the  ridge  of  sandstone,  which  rests  against 
the  base  of  the  first  granitic  range. 

The  water  of  the  spring  deposits  a  copious  concretion  of 


524  Expedition  to  the 

carbonate  of  lime,*  which  has  accumulated  on  every  side,  until 
it  has  formed  a  large  basin  overhanging  the  stream.  This 
basin  is  of  a  snowy  whiteness,  and  large  enough  to  contain 
three  or  four  hundred  gallons,  and  is  constantly  overflowing. 
The  spring  rises  from  the  bottom  of  the  basin,  with  a  rumbling 
noise,  discharging  about  equal  volumes  of  air  and  of  water, 
probably  about  fifty  gallons  per  minute,  the  whole  being  kept 
in  constant  agitation.  The  water  is  beautifully  transparent, 
and  has  the  sparkling  appearance,  the  grateful  taste,  and  the 
exhilarating  effect  of  the  most  strongly  aerated  artificial  mine- 
ral waters. 

Distant  a  few  rods  from  this,  is  another  spring  of  the  same 
kind,  which  discharges  no  water,  its  basin  remaining  con- 
stantly full,  and  air  only  escaping  from  it.  We  collected  some 
of  the  air  from  both  of  these  springs,  in  a  box  we  had  carried 
for  the  reception  of  plants,  but  could  not  perceive  it  to  have 
the  least  smell,  or  the  power  of  extinguishing  flame,  which 
was  tested  by  plunging  into  it  lighted  splinters  of  dry  cedar. 

The  temperature  of  the  water  of  the  larger  spring  at  noon 
was  63°,  the  thermometer  at  the  same  time  in  the  shade, 
stood  at  68°;  immersed  in  the  small  spring,  at  67°.  This 
difference  in  temperature,  is  owing  to  the  difference  of  situa- 
tion, the  higher  temperature  of  the  small  spring,  depending 
entirely  on  its  constant  exposure  to  the  rays  of  the  sun,  and 
to  its  retaining  the  same  portion  of  water,  while  that  in  the 
large  spring  is  constantly  replaced  by  a  new  supply. 

After  we  had  dined,   and  hung  up  some  provisions  in  a 

*  It  is  well  known,  that  water  in  which  carbonic  acid  is  dissolved,  has 
the  power  of  holding  in  solution,  a  portion  of  hme,  somewhat  proportioned 
in  quantity  to  the  acid.  In  this  instance,  the  water  no  sooner  comes  in 
contact  with  the  atmosphere,  than  it  parts  with  a  portion  of  its  fixed  air, 
consequently  losing  the  power  of  holding-  in  solution  the  lime,  which  is 
immediately  deposited.  The  lime  may  perhaps  be  derived  from  the  cement 
of  the  sand  rock,  or  possibly  from  the  granite.  Captain  Hodgson,  found 
a  rivulet  among  the  high  and  exclusively  granitic  mountains  of  the  Hy- 
malaya,  near  the  sources  of  the  Ganges,  so  impregnated  with  calcareous 
matter,  as  to  deposit  an  incrustation  on  every  thing  it  touched. 

See  Annals  of  Philosophy,  for  July  1822,  p.  36, 


Rocky  Mountains.  25 

large  red  cedar  tree,  near  the  spring,  intending  It  for  a  sup- 
ply on  our  return,  we  took  leave  of  Lieutenant  Swift  and 
began  to  ascend  the  mountain.  We  carried  with  us,  each  a 
small  blanket,  ten  or  twelve  pounds  of  bison  meat,  three  gills 
of  parched-corn  meal,  and  a  small  kettle. 

The  sandstone  extends  westward  from  the  springs,  about 
three  hundred  yards,  rising  rapidly  upon  the  base  of  the 
mountain.  It  is  of  a  deep  red  colour,  usually  compact  and 
fine,  but  sometimes  embracing  angular  fragments  of  petro- 
silx  and  other  siUcious  stones,  with  a  few  organic  impres- 
sions. The  granite  which  succeeds  it,  is  coarse,  and  of  a  deep 
red  colour.  Some  loose  fragments  of  gneiss,  were  seen  lying 
aboiit  the  surface,  but  none  in  place.  The  granite  at  the  base 
of  the  mountain,  contains  a  large  proportion  of  feldspar  of 
the  rose-coloured  variety,  in  imperfect  cubic  crystals,  and 
disintegrating  rapidly  under  the  operation  of  frost  and  other 
causes,  crumbling  into  small  masses  of  half  an  ounce  weight 
or  less. 

In  ascending,  we  found  the  surface  in  many  places,  cover- 
ed with  this  loose  and  crumbled  granite,  rolling  from  under 
our  feet,  and  rendering  the  ascent  extremely  difficult.  We 
began  to  credit  the  assertions  of  the  guide,  who  had  conduct- 
ed us  to  the  foot  of  the  Peakj  and  left  us  with  the  assurance, 
that  the  whole  of  the  mountain  to  its  summit,  was  covered 
with  loose  sand  and  gravel,  so  that  though  many  attempts 
had  been  made  by  the  Indians  and  by  hunters  to  ascend  it, 
none  had  ever  proved  successful.  We  passed  several  of  these 
tracks,  not  without  some  apprehension  for  our  lives,  as  there 
was  danger  when  the  foot-hold  was  once  lost  of  sliding  down, 
and  being  thrown  over  precipices. 

After  clambering  with  extreme  fatigue  over  about  two  miles, 
in  which  several  of  these  dangerous  places  occurred,  we 
halted  at  sunset  in  a  small  cluster  of  fir  trees.  We  could  not, 
however,  find  a  piece  of  even  ground  large  enough  to  lie 
down  upon,  and  were  under  the  necessity  of  securing  our- 

VOL.   IT.  4 


26  Expedition  to  the 

selves  from  rolling  into  the  brook,  near  which  we  encamped, 
by  means  of  a  pole  placed  against  two  trees.  In  this  situa- 
tion we  passed  an  uneasy  night,  and,  though  the  mercury  fell 
only  to  54°,  felt  some  inconvenience  from  cold. 

On  the  morning  of  the  14th,  as  soon  as  daylight  appeared, 
having  suspended  in  a  tree,  whatever  articles  of  clothing 
could  be  dispensed  with,  our  blankets  and  provisions,  except 
about  three  pounds  of  bison  flesh,  we  continued  the  ascent, 
hoping  to  be  able  to  reach  the  summit  of  the  Peak,  and  re- 
turn to  the  same  camp  in  the  evening.  After  passing  about 
half  a  mile  of  rugged  and  difficult  travelling,  like  that  of 
the  preceding  day,  we  crossed  a  deep  chasm,  opening  to- 
wards the  bed  of  the  small  stream  we  had  hitherto  ascended, 
and  following  the  summit  of  the  ridge  between  these,. found 
the  way  less  difficult  and  dangerous. 

Having  passed  a  level  tract  of  several  acres,  covered  with 
the  aspen  poplar,  a  few  birches  and  pines,  we  arrived  at  a 
small  stream  running  towards  the  south,  nearly  parallel  to 
the  base  of  the  conic  part  of  the  mountain,  which  forms  the 
summit  of  the  Peak.  From  this  spot,  we  could  distinctly  see 
almost  the  whole  of  the  Peak,  its  lower  half  thinly  clad  with 
pines,  junipers,  and  other  evergreen  trees;  the  upper  a  naked 
conic  pile  of  yellowish  rocks,  surmounted  here  and  there 
with  broad  patches  of  snow;  but  the  summit  appeared  so  dis- 
tant, and  the  ascent  so  steep,  that  we  despaired  of  accom- 
plishing the  ascent,  and  returning  on  the  same  day. 

In  marshy  places  about  this  part  of  the  mountain,  we  saw 
an  undescribed  white  flowered  species  of  caltha,  some  Sjjedi- 
culari?e,  the  s-hrubby  cinquefoil,  (Potentillay)  «?zcos«,  Fh.') 
and  many  alpine  plants. 

The  day  was  agreeably  bright  and  calm.  As  we  as- 
cended rapidly,  a  manifest  change  of  temperature  was  per- 
ceptible, and  before  we  reached  the  outskirts  of  the  timber, 
a  little  wind  was  felt  from  the  northeast.  On  this  part  of  the 
mountain,  the  yellow  flowered  stone  crop,  (Sedum  stenope- 


J^ocJ^y  Mountains.  27 

talum.,  Fh.)  is  almost  the  only  herbaceous  plant  >vhich  oc-, 
curs.  X)i^  boundary  of  the  region  of  forests,  is  a  defined 
line  encircling  ihe  peak  in  a  part  which,  when  seen  from  the 
plain,  appeared  near  the  summit,  but  when  we  arrived  at 
it,  a  greater  part  of  the  whole  elevation  of  the  mountain, 
seemed  still  before  us.  Above  the  timber  the  ascent  is  steeper, 
but  less  difficult  than  below,  the  surface  being  so  highly  in- 
clined, that  the  large  masses  when  loosened  roll  down,  meet- 
ing no  obstruction,  until  they  arrive  at  the  commencement  of 
the  timber.  The  red  cedar,  and  the  flexile  pine,*  are  the 
trees  which  appear  at  the  greatest  elevation.  These  are  small, 
having  thick  and  extremely  rigid  trunks,  and  near  the  com- 
mencement of  the  woodless  part  of  the  mountain,  they  have 
neither  limbs  nor  bark  on  the  side  exposed  to  the  descending 
masses  of  rocks.  These  trees  have  not  probably  grown  in  a 
situation  so  exposed,  as  to  be  unable  to  produce  or  retain 
bark  or  limbs  on  one  side;  the  timber  must  formerly  have 
extended  to  a  greater  elevation  on  the  sides  of  this  peak, 
than  at  present,  so  that  those  trees,  which  are  now  on  the 
outskirts  of  the  forest,  were  formerly  protected  by  their  more 
exposed  neighbours. 

A  few  trees  were  seen  above  the  commencement  of  snow, 
but  these  are  very  small  and  entirely  procumbent,  being  shel- 
tered in  the  crevices  and  fissures  of  the  rock«  There  are  also 
the  roots  of  trees  to  be  seen  at  some  distance,  above  the  part 
where  any  are  now  standing. 

A  little  above  the  point  where  the  timber  disappears  en- 
tirely, commences  a  region  of  astonishing  beauty,  and  of  great 
interest  on  account  of  its  productions;  the  intervals  of  soil 
are  sometimes  extensive,  and  are  covered  witli  a  carpet  ol 
low  but  brillianily  flowering  alpine  plants.  Most  of  these 
have  either  matted  procumbent  stems,  or  such  as  including 
the  flower,  rarely  rise  more  than  an  inch  in  height.  In  many 

*  Finns Jlexilis,  J. 


28  Expedition  to  the 

of  them,  the  flower  is  the  most  conspicuous  and  the  largest 
part  of  the  plant,  and  in  all,  the  colouring  is  astonishingly 
brilliant. 

A  deep  blue  is  the  prevailing  colour  among  these  flowers, 
and  the  Pentstemon  erianthera^  the  mountain  Columbine, 
CAquilegia  cosru/ea)  and  other  plants  common  to  less  elevat- 
ed districts,  were  here  much  more  intensely  coloured,  than 
in  ordinary  situations. 

It  cannot  be  doubted,  that  the  peculiar  brilliancy  of  co- 
louring, observed  in  alpine  plants,  inhabiting  near  the  utmost 
limits  of  phfenogamous  vegetation,  depends  in  a  great  mea- 
sure on  the  intensity  of  the  light  transmitted  from  the  bright 
and  unobscured  atmosphere  of  those  regions,  and  increased 
by  reflection  from  the  immense  impending  masses  of  snow. 
May  the  deep  coerulean  tint  of  the  sky,  be  supposed  to  have 
an  influence  in  producing  the  corresponding  colour,  so  pre- 
valent in  the  flowers  of  these  plants? 

At  about  two  o'clock  we  found  ourselves  so  much  ex- 
hausted, as  to  render  a  halt  necessary.  Mr.  Wilson  who  had 
accompanied  us  as  a  volunteer,  had  been  left  behind  some 
time  since,  and  could  not  now  be  seen  in  any  direction.  As 
we  felt  some  anxiety  on  his  account,  we  halted  and  endea- 
voured to  apprize  him  of  our  situation;  but  repeated  calls, 
and  the  discharging  of  the  rifleman's  piece  produced  no  an- 
swer. We  therefore  determined  to  wait  some  time  to  rest, 
and  to  eat  the  provisions  we  had  brought,  hoping  in  the  mean- 
time he  would  overtake  us. 

Here,  as  we  were  sitting  at  our  dinner,  we  observed  seve- 
ral small  animals,  nearly  of  the  size  of  the  common  gray 
squirrel,  but  shorter  and  more  clumsily  formed.  They  were 
of  a  dark  gray  colour,  inclining  to  brown,  with  a  short  thick 
head,  and  erect  rounded  ears.  In  habits  and  appearance,  they 
resemble  the  prairie  dog,  and  are  believed  to  be  a  species  of 
the  same  genus.  The  mouth  of  their  burrow  is  usually  placed 
under  the  projection  of  a  rock,  and  near  these  we  afterwards 


Rocky  Mountains.  29 

saw  several  of  the  little  animals,  watching  our  approach  and 
uttering  a  shrill  note,  somewhat  like  that  of  the  ground 
squirrel.  Several  attempts  were  made  to  procure  a  specimen 
of  this  animal,  but  always  without  success,  as  we  had  no  guns 
but  such  as  carried  a  heavy  ball. 

After  sitting  about  half  an  hour,  we  found  ourselves  some- 
what refreshed,  but   much  benumbed  with  cold.     We  now 
found  it  would  be  impossible   to  reach   the   summit  of  the 
mountain,   and  return  to  our  camp  of  the  preceding  night, 
during  that  part  of  the  day  which  remained;  but  as  we  could 
not  persuade   ourselves  to  turn  back,  after  having  so  nearly 
accomplished  the  ascent,  we  resolved  to  take  our  chance  of 
spending  the  night,  on  whatever  part  of  the  mountain,  it 
might  overtake  us.  Wilson  had  not  yet  been  seen,  but  as  no 
time  could  be  lost,  we  resolved  to  go  as  soon  as  possible  to 
the  top  of  the  Peak,  and  look  for  him  on  our  return.     We 
met^  as  we  proceeded,  such  numbers  of  unknown  and  inter- 
esting plants,  as  to  occasion   much   delay  in  collecting,  and 
were  under  the   disagreeable  necessity  of  passing  by  num- 
bers which   we   saw    in    situations  difficult   of  access.     As 
we    approached    the    summit,  these  became   less   frequent, 
and  at  length  ceased  entirely.  Few  cryptogamous  plants  are 
seen  about  any  part  of  the  mountain,  and  neither  these  nor 
any  others  occur  frequently  on  the  top  of  the  Peak.     There 
is  an  area  often  or  fifteen  acres,  forming  the  summit,  which 
is  nearly  level,  and  on  this  part  scarce  a  lichen  is  to  be  seen. 
It  is  covered  to  a  great  depth  with  large  splintery  fragments 
of  a  rock,  entirely  similar  to  that  found  at  the  base  of  the 
Peak,  except,  perhaps,  a  little  more  compact  in  its  structure. 
By  removing  a  few  of  these  fragments,  they  were  found 
to  rest  upon  a  bed  of  ice,  which  is  of  great   thickness,  and 
may,  perhaps,  be  as  permanent  and  as  old  as  the  rocks,  with 
which  it  occurs. 

It  was  about  4  o'clock    P.  M.,   when  we  arrived  on  the 
summit.  In  our  way  we  had  attempted  to  cross  a  large  field 


30  MxpeditioJi  to  the 

of  snow,  which  occupied  a  deep  ravine,  extending  down 
half  a  mile  from  the  top,  on  the  south-eastern  side  of  the 
Peak.  This  was  found  impassable,  being  covered  with  a  thin 
ice,  not  sufficiently  strong  to  bear  the  weight  of  a  nian.  We 
had  not  been  long  on  the  summit,  when  we  were  rejoined  by 
the  man,  who  had  separated  from  us  near  the  outskirts  of  the 
timber.  He  had  turned  aside  and  lain  down  to  rest,  and  af- 
terwards pursued  the  ascent  by  a  different  route. 

From  the  summit  of  the  Peak,  the  view  towards  the  north, 
west,  and  southwest,  is  diversified  with  innumerable  moun- 
tains, all  white  with  snow;  and  on  some  of  the  more  distant, 
it  appears  to  extend  down  to  their  bases.  Immediately  under 
our  feet  on  the  west,  lay  the  narrow  valley  of  the  Arkansa, 
which  we  could  trace  running  towards  the  northwest,  proba- 
bly more  than  sixty  miles. 

On  the  north  side  of  the  Peak,  was  an  immense  mass  of 
snow  and  ice.  The  ravine,  in  which  it  lay,  terminated  in 
a  woodless  and  apparently  fertile  valley,  lying  west  of  the 
first  great  ridge,  and  extending  far  towards  the  north.  This 
valley  must  undoubtedly  contain  a  considerable  branch  of  the 
Platte.  In  a  part  of  it,  distant  probably  thirty  miles,  the 
smoke  of  a  fire  was  distinctly  seen,  and  was  supposed  to  in- 
dicate the  encampment  of  a  party  of  Indians.* 

To  the  east  lay  the  great  plain,  rising  as  it  receded,  until, 
in  the  distant  horizon,  it  appeared  to  mingle  with  the  sky. 
A  little  want  of  tran'^parcncy  in  the  atmosphere,  added  to 
the  great  elevation  from  which  we  saw  the  plain,  prevented 
our  distinguishing  the  small  inequalities  of  the  surface.  The 
Arkansa  with  several  of  its  tributaries,  and  some  of  the 
branches  of  the  Platte,  could  be  distinctly  traced  as  on  a  map, 
by  the  line  of  timber  along  their  courses. 

*  It  is  related  in  Du  Pradt's  History  of  Louisiana,  page  71,  that  in  the 
ye:ir  1724,  y.  iarg-e  tribe  of  Indians,  called  Patloucas,  resided  in  several 
villajjes  on  vu<2  iieadiuf  tlie  Kouzas  river,  tiiat  iiicy  removed  theiict  to  tlie 
sourc':-sof  tlie  Piatte,  wheie  tliey  are  ssid  still  to  exist.  [See  Bracken- 
ridge's  views,  (jaj^e  i47.  Lewis  and  Clark's  Map,  &c.]  But  these  accounts 
need  confirmation. 


Rocky  Mountains.  31 

On  the  south  the  mountain  is  continued,  having  another 
summit  (probably  that  ascended  by  Captain  Pike,)  at  the  dis- 
tance of  eight  or  ten  miles.  This,  however,  falls  much  below 
the  High  Peak  in  point  of  elevation,  being  wooded  quite  to 
its  top.  Between  the  two  lies  a  small  lake,  about  a  mile  long 
and  half  a  mile  wide,  discharing  eastward  into  the  Boiling- 
spring  creek.  A  few  miles  farther  towards  the  south,  the 
range  containing  these  two  peaks  terminates  abruptly. 

The  weather  was  calm  and  clear,  while  we  remained  on  the 
Peak,  but  we  were  surprised  to  observe  the  air  in  every  di- 
rection filled  with  such  clouds  of  grasshoppers,  as  partially 
to  obscure  the  day.  They  had  been  seen  in  vast  numbers 
about  all  the  higher  parts  of  the  mountain,  and  many  had 
fallen  upon  the  snow  and  perished.  It  is  perhaps  difficult  to 
assign  the  cause,  which  induces  these  insects  to  ascend  to 
those  highly  elevated  regions  of  the  atmosphere.  Possibly 
they  may  have  undertaken  migrations  to  some  remote  dis- 
trict, but  there  appears  not  the  least  uniformity  in  the  direc- 
tion of  their  movements.*  They  extended  upwards  from  the 
summit  of  the  mountain,  to  the  utmost  limit  of  vision,  and 
as  the  sun  shone  brightly,  they  could  be  seen  by  the  glittering 
of  their  wings,  at  a  very  considerable  distance. 

About  all  the  woodless  parts  of  the  mountain,  and  parti- 
cularly oil  the  summit,  numerous  tracks  were  seen  resembling 
those  of  die  common  deer,  but  they  most  probably  have  been 
those  of  the  big-horn.  The  skulls  and  horns  of  these  ani- 
mals we  had  repeatedly  seen  near  the  licks  and  saline  springs 
at  the  foot  of  the  mountain,  but  they  are  known  to  resort 
principally  about  the  most  elevated  and  inaccessible  places. 

The  party  remained  on  the  summit  only  about  half  an  hour. 

*  Notes  referring'  particularly  to  t'lis  grasshopper,  and  to  many  other 
insects,  and  many  other  animals,  collected  ou  the  Platte,  and  about  the 
mountains,  were  subsequently  lost,  in  the  robbery  committed  hy  three  of 
the  soldiers,  whc  deserted  from  the  party  in  the  country  of  the  Osages.  It 
is  on  this  account  that  the  name  of  the  insect  alluded  t<,),  cannot  be  given, 
as  it  is  now  impossible  to  identify  the  specimen. 


32  Expedition  to  the 

In  this  time  the  mercury  fell  to  42°,  the  thermometer  hang- 
ing against  the  side  of  a  rock,  which  in  all  the  early  part  of 
the  day,  had  been  exposed  to  the  direct  rays  of  the  sun.  At 
the  encampment  of  the  main  body  in  the  plains,  a  corres- 
ponding thermometer  stood,  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  at  96", 
and  did  not  fall  below  80",  until  a  late  hour  in  the  evening. 

Great  uniformity  was  observed  in  the  character  of  the  rock 
about  all  the  upper  part  of  the  mountain.  It  is  a  compact, 
indestructible  aggregate  of  quartz  and  feldspar,  with  a  little 
hornblend  in  very  small  particles.  Its  fracture  is  fine  gran- 
ular or  even,  and  the  mass  exhibits  a  tendency  to  divide 
when  broken  into  long,  somewhat  splintery  fragments.  It  is 
of  a  yellowish-brown  colour,  which  does  not  perceptibly 
change  by  long  exposure  to  the  air.  It  is  undoubtedly  ow- 
ing to  the  close  texture  and  the  impenetrable  firmness  of  this 
rock,  that  so  few  lichens  are  found  upon  it.  For  the  same 
reason  it  is  little  subject  to  disintegration  by  the  action  of 
frost.  It  is  not  improbable  that  the  splintery  fragments  which 
occur  in  such  quantities  on  all  the  higher  parts  of  the  Peak, 
may  owe  their  present  form  to  the  agency  of  lightning;  no 
other  caiise  seems  adequate  to  the  production  of  so  great  an 
eflfect. 

Near  the  summit,  some  large  detached  crystals  of  feld- 
spar, of  a  pea-green  colour,  were  collected;  also  large  frag- 
ments of  transparent,  white  and  smoky  quartz,  and  an  aggre- 
gate of  opake  white  quartz,  with  crystals  of  hornblend. 

About  five  in  the  afternoon  we  began  to  descend,  and  a 
little  before  sunset  arrived  at  the  commencement  of  the  tim- 
ber, but  before  we  reached  the  small  stream  at  the  bottom  of 
the  first  descent,  we  perceived  we  had  missed  our  way.  It 
was  now  become  so  dark,  as  to  render  an  attempt  to  proceed 
extremely  hazardous,  and  as  the  only  alternative,  we  kind- 
led a  fire,  and  laid  ourselves  down  on  the  first  spot  of  level 
ground  we  could  find.  We  had  neither  provisions  nor  blan- 
kets; and  our  clothing  was  by  no  means  suitable  for  passing 


Rocky  Mountains.  33 

the  night  in  so  bleak  and  inhospitable  a  situation.  We  could 
not,  however,  proceed  without  imminent  danger  from  preci- 
pices, and  by  the  aid  of  a  good  fire,  and  no  ordinary  degree 
of  fatigue,  we  found  ourselves  able  to  sleep  during  a  greater 
part  of  the  night. 

At  day -break  on  the  following  morning  the  thermometer 
stood  at  38^;  as  we  had  few  comforts  to  leave,  we  quitted 
our  camp  as  soon  as  the  light  was  sufficient  to  enable  us  to 
proceed,  and  had  travelled  about  three  hours,  when  we  dis- 
covered a  dense  column  of  smoke  rising  from  a  deep  ravine 
on  our  left.  As  we  concluded  this  could  be  no  other 
than  the  smoke  of  the  encampment  where  we  had  left  our 
blankets  and  provisions,  we  descended  directly  towards  it. 
The  fire  had  spread  and  burnt  extensively  among  the  leaves, 
dry  grass,  and  small  timber,  and  was  now  raging  over  an 
extent  of  several  acres.  This  created  some  apprehension  lest 
the  smoke  might  attract  the  notice  of  any  Indians,  who 
should  be  at  that  time  in  the  neighbourhood,  and  who  might 
be  tempted  by  our  weakness  to  offer  some  molestation.  But 
we  spon  discovered  a  less  equivocal  cause  of  regret,  in  the 
loss  of  our  cache  of  provisions,  blankets,  clothing,  &c.  which 
had  not  escaped  the  conflagration.  Most  of  our  baggage  was 
destroyed,  but  out  of  the  ruins  we  collected  a  scanty  break- 
fast, of  the  half  consumed  fragments  of  the  bison's  meat.  We 
chose  a  different  route  for  the  remaining  part  of  the  descent, 
from  the  one  we  had  taken  in  going  up,  and  by  that  means 
avoided  a  part  of  the  difficulty  arising  from  the  crumbled  gra- 
nite; but  this  was  nearly  counterbalanced  by  the  increased 
numbers  of  yuccas  and  prickly  pears. 

We  arrived,  a  little  after  noon,  at  the  Boiling  spring,  where 
we  indulged  freely  in  the  use  of  its  highly  serated  and  ex- 
hilarating waters.  In  the  bottom  of  both  these  springs  a  great 
number  of  beads  and  other  small  articles  of  Indian  ornament 
were  found,  having  unquestionably  been  left  there  as  sacri- 
fices or  presents  to  the  springs,  which  are  regarded  with  a  sort 

VOL.  11.  5 


34  Expedition  to  the 

of  veneration  by  the  savages.  Bijeau  assured  us  he  had  re- 
peatedly taken  beads  and  other  ornaments  from  these  springs 
and  sold  them  to  the  same  savages,  who  had  thrown  them  in. 

A  large  and  much  frequented  road  passes  the  springs  and 
enters  the  mountains,  running  to  the  north  of  the  high  Peak. 
It  is  travelled  principally  by  the  bisons,  someiimes  also  by 
the  Indians  who  penetrate  here  to  the  Columbia. 

The  men  who  had  been  left  at  the  horse  camp,  about  a 
mile  below  the  springs,  had  killed  several  deer,  and  had  a 
plentiful  supply  of  provisions.  Here  we  dined;  then  mount- 
ing our  horses  proceeded  towards  the  encampment  of  the 
main  body,  where  we  arrived  a  little  after  dark,  having  com- 
pleted our  excursion  within  the  time  prescribed. 

Among  the  plants  collected  in  this  excursion,  several  ap- 
pear to  be  undescribed.  Many  of  them  are  strictly  alpine, 
being  confined  to  the  higher  parts  of  the  mountain,  above  the 
commencement  of  snow. 

Most  of  the  trees  which  occur  on  any  part  of  the  moun- 
tain are  evergreen,  consisting  of  several  species  of  abies, 
among  which  may  be  enumerated  the  balsam  fir,  (A.  bfilsa- 
mea^Ph.')  the  hemlock,  white,  red,  and  black  spruce,  (A.  CU' 
nadensis.  A.  alba,  A.  rubra  and  A.  nigra^)  the  red  cedar,  and 
common  juniper,  and  a  few  pines.  One  of  these,  which  appears 
to  have  been  hitherto  unnoticed  in  North  America,  has,  like 
the  great  white  or  Weymouth  pine,  five  leaves  in  a  fascicle, 
but  in  other  respects  there  is  little  resemblance  between 
them.  The  leaves  are  short  and  rather  rigid,  the  sheathes 
which  surround  their  bases,  short  and  lacerated;  the  stro- 
biles erect,  composed  of  large  unarmed  scales,  being  some- 
what smaller  than  those  of  P.  rigida^  but  similar  in  shape, 
and  exuding  a  great  quantity  of  resin.  The  branches  which 
are  covered  with  leaves  chiefly  at  the  ends,  are  numerous 
and  recurved,  inclining  to  form  a  dense  and  large  top:  they 
are  also  remarkably  flexile,  feeling  in  the  hand  somewhat 
like  those  of  the  Dirca/>f//«5'^ri4-.     From  this  circumstance, 


Rocky  Mountains.  55 

the  specific  name  Jlexilis^  has  been  proposed  for  this  tree, 
which  is  in  several  respects  remarkably  contrasted  with  the 
P.  rigida.  It  inhabits  the  arid  plains  subjacent  to  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  and  extends  up  their  sides  to  the  region  of  per- 
petual frost.  The  fruit  of  the  Pinus  flexilis  is  eaten  by  the 
Indians  and  French  hunters  about  the  Rocky  Mountains,  as 
is  that  of  another  species  of  the  same  genus  by  the  inhabi- 
tants of  some  parts  of  Europe. 

The  creek,  on  which  the  party  encamped  during  the  three 
days,  occupied  in  making  the  excursion  above  detailed,  is 
called  Boiling-spring  creek,  having  one  of  its  principal 
sources  in  the  beautiful  spring  already  described.  It  is  skirt- 
ed with  a  narrow  margin  of  cotton-wood  and  willow  trees, 
and  its  banks  produce  a  small  growth  of  rushes  on  which 
our  horses  subsisted,  while  we  lay  encamped  here.  This 
plant,  the  common  rush,  (Equisetum  hiemale,  Fh,)  found 
in  every  part  of  the  United  States,  is  eaten  with  avidity  by 
horses,  and  it  is  often  met  with  in  districts  where  little  grass 
is  to  be  had.  When  continued  for  a  considerable  time,  its 
use  proves  deleterious. 

The  recent  tracks  of  a  grizzly  bear  were  observed  near 
the  camp,  and  at  no  great  distance  one  of  those  animals  was 
seen  and  shot  at,  by  one  of  the  hunters,  but  not  killed. 

In  the  timber  along  the  creek,  the  sparrow  haw  k,  mocking- 
bird, robin,  red-head  woodpecker,  dove,  winter  wren,  towhe- 
bunting,  yellow-breasted  chat,  and  several  other  birds  were 
seen. 

Orbicular  lizards  were  found  about  this  camp,  and  had 
been  once  or  twice  before  noticed  near  the  base  of  the  moun- 
tains. 

A  smoke  supposed  to  be  that  of  an  Indian  encampment 
was  seen,  rising  from  a  part  of  the  mountains  at  a  great  dis- 
tance towards  the  northwest.  It  had  been  our  constant  prac- 
tice since  we  left  the  Missouri,  to  have  sentinels  scationed 
about  all  our  encampments,  and   whenever  we  were  not  on 


36  Expedition  to  the 

the  march  by  day,  and  until  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening  it 
was  the  duty  of  one  of  the  three  Frenchmen,  to  reconnoitre 
at  a  distance  from  camp  in  every  direction,  and  to  report  im- 
mediately when  any  thing  should  be  discovered,  indicating 
that  Indians  were  in  the  vicinity.  Precautions  of  this  kind 
are  highly  necessary  to  prevent  surprisal,  and  are  invariably 
practised  by  the  Indians  of  the  west,  both  at  their  villages 
and  on  their  march. 

On  the  14th,  Lieutenant  Swift  returned  to  camp,  having 
performed  the  duties  on  which  he  was  sent. 

A  base  was  measured  near  the  camp,  and  observations 
taken  for  ascertaining  the  elevation  of  the  Peak.  These  are 
detailed  in  the  appendix  to  this  volume,  and  in  Major  Long's 
report,  may  be  seen  an  account  of  the  method  used  to  esti- 
mate the  actual  elevation  of  the  point  at  which  these  obser- 
vations were  made.  The  entire  elevation  of  the  Peak  above 
the  level  of  the  ocean,  ascertained  in  the  manner  there  de- 
scribed, is  eleven  thousand  live  hundred  feet. 

Complete  sets  of  observations  for  latitude  and  longitude 
were  taken,  which  gave  38°  18'  9"  north,  and  105°  39'  49" 
Avest  from  Greenwich,  or  28°  39'  45"  from  Washington,  as 
the  position  of  our  camp.  The  bearing  of  the  Peak  from  this 
point  is  north,  67°  west,  and  the  distance  about  twenty-five 
miles. 

In  all  the  prairie-dog  villages  we  had  passed,  small  owls 
had  been  observed  moving  briskly  about,  but  they  had  hi- 
therto eluded  all  our  attempts  to  take  them.  One  was  here 
caught,  and  on  examination  found  to  be  the  species  denomi- 
nated Coquimbo,  or  burrowing  owl,  (Strix  cunicularia.) 

This  fellow  citizen  of  the  prairie  dog,  unlike  its  grave  and 
recluse  congeners,  is  of  a  social  disposition,  and  does  not 
retire  from  the  light  of  the  sun,  but  endures  the  strongest 
mid-day  glare  of  that  luminary,  and  is  in  all  respects  a  diur- 
nal bird.  It  stands  high  upon  its  legs,  and  flies  with  the 
rapidity  of  the  hawk.  The  Coquimbo  owl,  both  in  Chili  and 


Rocky  Mountains.  37 

St.  Domingo,  agreeably  to  the  accounts  of  Molina  and  Viel- 
lot,  digs  large  burrows  for  its  habitation  and  for  the  purposes 
of  incubation;  the  former  author  gives  us  to  understand  that 
the  burrow  penetrates  the  earth  to  a  considerable  depth,  whilst 
Viellot  informs  us,  that  in  St.  Domingo  the  depth  is  about 
two  feet. 

With  us  the  owl  never  occurred  but  in  the  prairie-dog  villa- 
ges, sometimes  in  a  small  flock,  much  scattered  and  often  perch- 
ed on  different  hillocks,  at  a  distance,  deceiving  the  eye  with 
the  appearance  of  the  prairie  dog  itself,  in  an  erect  posture. 
They  are  not  shy,  but  readily  admit  the  hunter  within  gun- 
shot, but  on  his  too  near  approach,  a  part  or  the  whole  of 
them  rise  upon  the  wing,  uttering  a  note  very  like  that  of  the 
prairie  dog,  and  alight  at  a  short  distance,  or  continue  their 
flight  beyond  the  view. 

The  burrows,  into  which  we  have  seen  the  owl  descend, 
resembled  in  all  respects  those  of  the  prairie  dog,  leading  us 
to  suppose  either  that  they  were  common,  though,  perhaps, 
not  friendly  occupants  of  the  same  burrow,  or  that  the  owl 
was  the  exclusive  tenant  of  a  burrow  gained  by  the  right  of 
conquest.  But  it  is  at  the  same  time  probable,  that,  as  in 
Chili,  the  owl  may  excavate  his  own  tenement. 

From  the  remarkable  coincidence  of  note,  between  these 
two  widely  distinct  animals,  we  might  take  occasion  to  re- 
mark, the  probability  of  the  prairie  dog  being  an  uninten- 
tional tutor  to  the  young  owl,  did  we  not  know  that  this  bird 
utters  the  same  sounds  in  the  West  Indies,  where  the  prai- 
rie dog  is  not  known  to  exist. 

It  may  be,  that  more  than  a  single  species  of  diurnal  owl 
has  been  confounded  under  the  name  of  cunicularia,  as  Viel- 
lot states  his  bird  to  be  somewhat  different  from  that  of  Mo- 
lina, and  we  cannot  but  observe  that  the  eggs  of  the  birds 
described  by  the  latter  are  spotted  with  yellow,  whilst  those 
of  the  former  are  immaculate. 

As  our  specimens  do  not  in  all  respects  correspond  with 


38  Expedition  to  the 

the  descriptions  of  the  above  mentioned  authors  of  the  Co- 
quimbo  owl,  we  have  thought  proper  to  subjoin  such  parti- 
culars as  seem  necessary  to  be  noted  in  addition  to  the  de- 
scription already  given  by  those  authors.* 

The"  general  colour  is  a  light  burnt  brown,  spotted  with 
white;  the  larger  feathers  five  or  six  banded,  with  white,  each 
band  more  or  less  widely  interrupted  by  the  shaft,  and  their 
immediate  margins,  darker  than  the  other  portions  of  the 
feather;  the  tips  of  these  feathers  are  white  or  whitish;  the 
exterior  primary  feather  is  serrated,  shorter  than  the  three 
succeeding  ones,  and  equal  in  length  to  the  filth;  the  bill  is 
tinged  with  yellow  on  the  ridges  of  both  mandibles;  the  tarsi 
and  feet  distinctly  granulated,  the  former  naked  behind,  fur- 
nished before  near  the  base  with  dense  short  feathers,  which 
towards  the  toes  become  less  crowded,  and  assume  the  form 
of  single  hairs,  these  on  the  toes  are  absolutely  setaceous  and 
scattered;  the  lobes  beneath  the  toes  are  large  and  granulated. 

In  the  plains  about  our  encampment,  were  several  natural 
mounds,  greatly  resembling  some  of  the  artificial  works  so 
common  in  the  central  portions  of  the  great  valley  of  the 
Mississippi.  About  the  summits  of  these  mounds  were  nu- 
merous petrifactions,  which  were  found  to  be  almost  exclu- 
sively casts  of  bivalve  shells,  approaching  the  genus  Cytherea, 
and  usually  from  one  half  to  one  and  an  half  inches  in  dia- 
meter. 

On  the  evening  of  the  fifteenth,  finding  all  our  stock  of 
meat  injured  by  too  long  keeping,  four  men  were  sent  out  on 
horseback  to  hunt.  At  the  distance  of  six  miles  from  camp, 
they  found  a  solitary  bison,  which  they  killed,  but  conclu- 
ding from  its  extreme  leanness  and  the  ill  savour  of  the  flesh, 
tha,t  the  animal  was  diseased,  they  took  no  part  of  it.  On 
the    following    morning    they    returned    unsuccessful.     We 

■'  We  hare  to  regret  that  the  plan  of  this  work,  will  not  admit  of  the  in- 
troduction of  figures,  of  the  manj  interesting  animals  that  were  obtained, 
described,  and  delineated  during  the  expedition. 


Rocky  Mowitains,  39 

were  now  reduced  to  the  necessity  of  feeding  on  our  scanty 
allowance  of  a  gill  of  parched  maize  per  day  to  each  man, 
this  being  the  utmost  our  limited  stores  would  aftord. 

On  the  sixteenth  of  July,  we  moved  from  our  encamp- 
ment on  Boiling  spring  creek,  in  a  south-western  direction  to 
the  Arkansa.  This  ride  of  twenty-eight  mikd,  which  we 
finished  without  having  once  dismounted  from  our  aorses, 
occupied  about  ten  hours  of  a  calm  sultry  day,  in  every 
respect  like  the  preceding,  in  which  the  thermometer  in  the 
shade  had  ranged  from  90  to  100°.  Our  route  lay  across  a 
tract  of  low,  but  somewhat  broken  sandstone  of  an  uncom- 
monly slaty  structure.  It  is  fine-grained  with  an  argillaceous 
cement,  and  of  a  light  gray  or  yellowish-white  colour.  It  con- 
tains thin  beds  of  bituminous  clay  slate,  and  we  saw  scatter- 
ed on  the  surface  some  small  crystals  of  Selenite.  It  is  tra- 
versed by  numerous  deep  ravines  in  which  at  this  time  not  a 
drop  of  water  was  to  be  found. 

The  soil  is  scanty  and  of  incurable  barrenness.  Thete;tture 
of  the  rock  is  so  loose  and  porous,  as  to  unfit  it  for  retaining 
any  portion  of  the  water  which  falls  upon  it  in  rains.  A  few 
dwarfish  cedars  and  pines  are  scattered  over  a  surface  of  loose 
dusty  soil  intermixed  with  thin  lamellar  fragments  of  sandstone, 
and  nearly  destitute  of  grass  or  herbage  of  any  kind.  Our  suf- 
ferings from  thirst,  heat,  and  fatigue  were  excessive,  and  were 
aggravated  by  the  almost  unlimited  extent  of  the  prospect 
before  us,  which  promised  nothing  but  a  continuation  of  the 
same  dreary  and  disgusting  scenery.  Late  in  the  afternoon 
we  arrived  at  the  brink  of  the  precipice  which  divides  the 
high  plains  from  the  valley  of  the  Arkansa.  This  is  here  nar- 
row, and  so  deeply  sunk  in  the  horizontal  sandstone,  that  al- 
though thei'e  are  trees  of  considerable  size  growing  along  the 
river,  they  do  not  rise  to  the  level  of  the  surface  of  the  great 
plain,  and  from  a  little  distance  on  either  side  the  valley  is 
entirely  hid.  Here  our  thirst  and  impatience  were  for  some 
time  tantalized  with  the  view  of  the  cool  and  verdant  valley 


"iO  Expedition  to  the 

and  copious  stream  of  the  Arkansa,  while  we  were  search- 
ing up  and  down  for  a  place  where  we  could  descend  the  pre- 
cipice. 

At  length,  a  rugged  ravine  was  discovered,  down  which 
we  with  some  difficulty  wound  our  way  to  the  base  of  the 
cliff,  where  lay  a  beautiful  level  plain,  having  some  scattered 
cotton-wood  and  willow  trees,  and  affording  good  pasture 
for  our  horses.  Here  we  encamped,  and  the  remainder  of 
the  afternoon  was  spent  in  making  preparations  to  despatch 
a  small  party  up  the  Arkansa  to  the  mountains  on  the  suc- 
ceeding day. 

A  small  doe  was  killed  near  camp,  which,  though  extreme- 
ly lean,  proved  an  important  addition  to  our  supply  of  pro- 
visions. 

The  place  where  we  encamped  was  supposed  to  have  been 
near  where  Pike's  block  house  formerly  stood,  but  we  sought 
in  vain  for  the  traces  of  any  thing  resembling  the  work  of  a 
white  man. 

Some  of  the  birds  taken  at  this  encampment  are  described 
in  the  subjoined  note.* 

*  1.  Fringilla  psaltria,  Sat.  A  very  pretty  little  bird  was  frequently 
seen  hopping  about  in  the  low  trees  or  bushes,  sing'ing  sweetly,  somewhat 
in  the  manner  of  the  American  goldfinch,  or  hemp-bird,  (Fringilla  trist  s.) 
The  tints  and  the  distribution  of  the  colours  of  its  plumage  resemble  in  a 
considerable  degree  those  of  the  autumnal  and  less  brilliant  vesture  of 
that  well  known  species.  It  may  however  be  distinguished  in  addition  to 
other  differences,  by  the  black  tip  of  its  tail  feathers,  and  the  white  wing' 
spot. 

The  head  is  capped  with  black;  the  cheeks  are  dusky;  the  bill  yellow, 
with  a  black  tip;  the  iris,  burnt  umber;  neck  above,  and  half  its  side,  back 
and  rump  olivaceous,  more  or  less  intermixed  with  dusky;  smaller  wing- 
coverts  blackish  edged  with  olivaceous;  greater  wing  coverts  brown-black 
tipped  with  white,  forming  a  narrow  band;  primaries  fuscous,  and,  except- 
ing the  exterior  one,  slightly  edged  with  white;  third,  fourth,  and  fifth 
feathers,  white  towards  the  base,  so  as  to  exhibit  a  white  spot  beyond  the 
wing-coverts;  secondaries,  margined  with  white  exteriorly  towards  their 
tips;  tail-coverts  black,  varied  with  olivaceous  on  their  shafts;  tail,  emar- 
ginate,  feathers  blackish,  slightly  edged  with  dull  whitish;  the  three  exte- 
rior ones  pure  white  on  their  inner  webs  excepting  atbaseaod  tip;  all  be- 
neath yellow;  feet  pale. 

A  specimen  is  deposited  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 

2.  Frmgilla frontalis.  Sav.  Crimson-necked  Finch;  head,  throat,  neck 


Rocky  Mountains.  41 

beneath  and  upper  portion  of  the  breast  brilliant  crimson,  most  intense 
near  the  bill  and  over  the  ejes;  rump  and  tail  coverts  paler  crimson;  be- 
tween the  bill  and  the  eyes  f^ray;  bill  dark  brown  colour;  lower  mandible 
paler;  occiput,  neck  above  and  each  side  brown  tiug-ed  with  reddish, 
the  feathers  margined  with  pale;  back  dusky,  brownish;  wings  and  tail 
fuscous,  the  latter  feathers  edged  on  the  inner  side  with  white;  the  prima- 
ries broadly  margined  within  towards  the  base  with  white  and  exteriorly 
edged  with  grayish:  coverts  and  tertials  6dged  with  dull  grayish;  inferior 
portion  of  the  breast,  the  belly  and  vent  whitish,  each  feather  with  a  broad 
fuscous  line 

Female.  Di"=ky  brown,  the  feathers  margined  each  side  with  dull 
whitii.h;  wings  luscous,  the  margining  and  edging  of  the  feathers  not  so 
distinct  as  in  the  male;  all  beneath,  excepting  the  tail  and  wing  feathers 
whitish,  each  feather  with  a  brown  streak. 

This  bird  is  much  more  clearly  allied  both  in  size  and  colouring  to  the 
Purple  Finch  (F.  purpurea)  than  to  the  Crimson-headed  Finch  (F.  rosea) 
and  may  prove  to  be  only  a  variety  of  it  when  a  comparison  of  many  indi- 
viduals can  be  made.  The  male,  from  which  the  above  description  is  drawn 
out,  may  not  be  in  its  Hiltimate  state  of  plumage,  as  it  seems  probable  that 
the  middle  of  the  head,  the  upper  part  of  the  neck,  and  the  back,  in  the 
perfect  plumage,  is  more  obviously  tinted  with  crimson,  tlian  we  have  ob- 
served those  parts  to  be.  It  differs,  however,  from  the  Purple  finch  in  the 
tint  of  the  crimson  colour,  which  is  far  more  lively  and  brilliant,  and  also 
in  having  each  feather  of  the  belly,  vent,  and  inferior  tail-coverts  broad- 
ly streaked  with  brown.  We  apply  to  it  provisionally  the  nameof  F.yVon- 
talis — A  prepared  specimen  of  this  bird  is  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


VOL.    II. 


CHAPTER  III. 

A  detachment  from  the  exploring"  party  ascend  the  Arkansa  to 
the  Rocky  Mountains — BelPs  Springs — Descent  of  the  Ar- 
kansa— Grizzly  Bear. 

On  the  morning  of  the  l/th,  Captain  Bell,  with  Dr.  James 
and  two  men,  left  the  encampment  of  the  party  proposing  to 
ascend  the  Arkansa  to  the  mountains.  They  were  furnished 
with  provisions  for  two  days,  according  to  the  scanty  allow- 
ance to  which  now  we  were  reduced. 

The  river  valley  was  found  so  narrow  and  so  obstructed 
by  the  timber  and  the  windings  of  the  stream  as  greatly  to 
obstruct  the  travelling.  We  therefore  resolved  to  leave  it, 
and  pursue  our  journey  in  the  open  plain  at  a  distance  from 
the  river.  The  course  of  the  Arkansa  for  the  first  twenty 
miles  from  the  mountain  is  but  little  south  of  east.  It  en- 
ters the  plain  at  one  extremity  of  an  extensive  amphitheatre 
formed  by  the  continued  chain  of  the  mountains  on  the  west 
and  northwest  and  by  the  projecting  spur  which  contains 
the  High  Peak  on  the  east.  This  semicircular  area  is  about 
thirty  miles  in  length  from  north  to  south  and  probably  twen- 
ty wide  at  its  southern  extremity.  The  mountains  which 
bound  it  on  the  west  are  high,  and  at  this  time  were  partial- 
ly covered  with  snow- 

The  surface  of  the  area  is  an  almost  unvaried  plain, 
based  on  a  stratum  of  argillaceous  sandstone.  Near  the  foot 
of  the  mountain  the  same  sandstone  is  observed  resting  in  an 
inclined  position  against  the  primitive  rocks.  It  forms  a  range 
like  that  already  mentioned  when  speaking  of  the  moun- 
tains at  the  Platte  separated  from  the  primitive,  by  a  narrow 
valley.  On  entering  this  valley,  we  found  the  recent  trace 
of  a  large  party  of  Indians  travelling  with  skin  lodges,  who 


Expedition^  ^c,  43 

appeared  to  have  passed  within  a  very  short  time.  This 
trace  we  followed  until  we  found  it  entered  the  moun- 
tains in  the  valley  of  a  small  stream  which  descends  to  the 
Arkansa  from  the  northeast.  This  we  left  on  the  east,  and 
traversing  a  rough  and  broken  tract  of  sandstone  hills,  ar- 
rived after  a  toilsome  journey  of  about  thirty  miles  at  the 
spot  where  the  Arkansa  leaves  the  mountains. 

Here  we  found  several  springs  whose  water  is  impregna- 
ted with  muriate  of  soda  and  other  salts.  They  rise  near 
each  other  in  a  small  marshy  tract  of  ground  occupying  the 
narrow  valley  of  the  river  at  the  point  where  it  traverses 
the  inclined  sandstone  ridge.  Very  little  water  flows  from 
them,  and  the  evaporation  of  this  has  left  a  crystalline  incrus- 
tation whitening  the  surface  of  the  surrounding  marsh.  The 
springs  are  small  excavations,  which  may  perhaps  have  been 
dug  by  the  Indians  or  by  white  hunters.  They  appear  to 
remain  constantly  full;  they  all  contain  muriate  of  soda,  and 
the  smell  of  sulphuretted  hydrogen  is  perceptible  at  a  consi- 
derable distance  from  them.  They  differ  in  taste  a  little 
from  each  other;  hence  the  account  given  of  them  by  hunters 
that  one  is  sour,  another  sweet,  a  third  bitter,  and  so  on. 
One  contains  so  much  fixed  air  as  to  give  it  considerable 
pungency,  but  the  water  of  all  of  them  is  unpalatable.  The 
sweetish,  metallic  taste  observed  in  the  water  of  one  or  two, 
appears  to  depend  on  an  impregnation  of  sulphate  of  iron. 

The  sulphates  of  magnesia  and  soda  will  probably  be  found 
to  exist  in  these  springs,  if  their  water  should  hereafter  be 
analyzed;  they  may  also  be  found  to  possess  some  active  me- 
dicinal properties.  They  are  seven  in  number,  and  have  re- 
ceived the  name  of  Bell's  springs,  in  compliment  to  their 
discoverer.  Though  the  country  around  them  abounds  with 
bisons,  deer,  &c.,  they  donot  appear  to  be  frequented  as  most 
saline   springs  are,  by  these,  or  other  herbivorous  animals. 

It  was  near  sunset  when  Capt.  Bell  and  his  party  arrived 
at  the  springs,  and  being  very  much  exhausted  by  their  la- 


44  Expedition  to  the 

borious  march,  they  immediately  laid  themselves  down  to 
rest,  under  the  open  sky,  deferring  their  examinations  for  the 
following  morning. 

The  sandstone  near  the  springs  is  hard,  though  rather 
coarse,  and  of  a  dark  gray,  or  brownish-yellow  colour. 

In  ascending  the  A  rkansa  on  the  ensuing  morning,  we  found 
the  rock  to  become  more  inclined,  and  of  a  redder  colour; 
as  we  approached  the  primitive,  until  at  about  half  a  mile 
from  the  springs,  it  is  succeeded  by  the  almost  perpendicular 
gneiss  rock,  which  appears  here  at  the  base  of  the  first  range 
of  the  mountains.  We  have  noticed,  that  this  particular  spot 
IS  designated  in  the  language  of  hunters,  "  as  the  place  where 
the  Arkansa  comes  out  of  the  mountains,"  and  it  must  be 
acknowledged  the  expression  is  not  entirely  inapplicable. 
The  river  pours  with  great  impetuosity  and  violence  through 
a  dtep  and  narrow  fissure  in  the  gneiss  rock,  which  rises 
abruptly  on  both  sides  to  such  a  height,  as  to  oppose  an  im- 
passable barrier  to  all  further  progress.  According  to  the 
delineation  of  Pike's  route  on  the  map  which  accompanies 
his  work,  he  must  have  entered  the  mountains  at  this  place, 
but  no  corroboration  can  be  derived  from  his  journal.  It  ap- 
pears almost  incredible  that  he  should  have  passed  by  this 
route  and  neglected  to  mention  the  extreme  difficulty  which 
must  have  attended  the  undertaking.  Captain  Bell  and  his 
party  returned  to  the  encampment  of  the  main  body,  on  the 
18th. 

The  immediate  valley  of  the  Arkansa,  near  the  mountains, 
is  bounded  by  high  cliffs  of  inclined  sandstone;  at  a  short 
distance  below,  these  disappear,  and  a  sloping  margin  of  al- 
luvial earth  extends  on  each  side  to  the  distance  of  several 
miles.  Somewhat  farther"  down,  horizontal  sandstone  ap- 
pears, confining  the  valley  to  a  very  narrow  space,  and  bound- 
ing it  within  perpendicular  precipices  on  each  side.  Seven 
miles  from  the  mountains,  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Ar- 
kansa, is  a  remarkable  mass  of  sandstone  rocks,  resembling 


Rocky  Mountains.  4,5 

a  huge  pile  of  architectural  ruins.  From  this  point,  the 
bearing  of  James'  Peak*  was  found  to  be  due  north. 

The  Arkansa  valley  between  our  encampment  of  the  18th 
and  the  mountains,  a  distance  of  about  thirty  miles,  has  a 
meagre  and  gravelly  soil  sustaining  a  growth  of  small  cotton- 
wood  trees,  rushes,  and  coarse  grass.  Above  the  rocky  bluffs 
on  each  side  spreads  a  dreary  expanse  of  almost  naked  sand, 
intermixed  with  clay  enough  to  prevent  its  drifting  with  the 
•wind,  but  not  enough  to  give  it  fertility.  It  is  arid  and  sterile, 
bearing  only  a  few  dwarfish  cedars,  and  must  forever  remain 
desolate. 

Observations  were  made  at  camp,  for  ascertaining  the  lati- 
tude, longitude,  Sec.  and  all  the  party  were  occupied  in  their 
appropriate  pursuits.  Among  the  animals  taken  here,  was 
the  four-lined  squirrel,  (S.  4-vittatusf)  a  very  small  and 
handsome    species,  very  similar  in   its  dorsal  markings,  to 

*  "  From  the  information  of  Indians  and  hunters  who  have  frequently 
visited  this  part  of  the  country,  as  also  from  the  account  given  by  Pike, 
relative  to  this  Peak,  it  appears  thai  no  person  either  civilized  or  savage, 
had  ever  ascended  it  to  its  summit,  and  that  the  ascent  was  deemed  by 
them,  utterly  impracticable.  Dr.  James  hrjving  accomplished  this  difficult 
and  hazardous  task,  I  have  thought  proper  to  call  the  Peak  after  his  name, 
as  a  compliment,  to  which  his  zeal  and  perseverance,  together  with  the 
skilful  attention  with  which  he  has  examined  its  character  and  produc- 
tions, give  him  the  fairest  claim.  Pike  has  indeed  given  us  notice  that  there 
is  such  a  Peak,  but  he  only  saw  it  at  a  distance.  The  unfavourable  cir- 
cumstances under  which  he  came  into  its  neighbourhood,  preventing  his 
arrival,  even  at  its  base.  He  attempted  to  ascertain  its  altitude,  but  it  is 
believed  tl)at  his  estimate  is  very  erroneous."  Extract  from  Major 
Long's  jMS.  J^oles,July,  \5lh,  1820. 

f  Genus  Sciurus,  L. 

S.  quadriviltaluf.  Say.  Head  brownish  intermixed  with  fulvous,  and  with 
four  white  lines,  of  which  the  superior  one  on  each  side,  passes  from  the  tip 
of  the  nose  immediately  over  the  eye  to  the  superior  base  ofthe  ear,  and  the 
inferior  one  passes  immediately  beneath  the  eye  to  the  inferior  base  of  the 
earjcarsmoderate.  semi-oval;  incmorf*  reddish-yellow;  fertcA"  with  four  white 
broad  lines, and  alternate  mi.xed  black  and  ferruginous  ones;  sidci  fulvous; 
henfifttk  wiiitish;  tail  moderate,  hair  black  at  the  base,  then  fulvous,  black 
in  the  middle,  and  paler  fulvous  at  tip,  beneath  fulvous  with  a  submargi- 
nal  black  line;  thumb  ofthe  anterior  feet  a  prominent  tubercle. 

Length  from  the  nose  to  the  base  ofthe  tail,    4  1-4  inches, 
ofthe  tail,  ....         3 

of  the  hair  at  tip  of  the  tail,     .         .     1  nearly. 


46  Expedition  to  the 

the g-etulus,  L.;  but  as  far  as  we  can  judge  from  the  descrip- 
tion and  figures  of  the  latter  species  by  BuflPon,  our  animal 
is  distinguished  by  its  striped  head,  less  rounded  ears,  and 
much  less  bushy,  and  not  striated  and  banded  tail,  and  by 
its  smaller  size.  The  getulus  is  also  said  to  have  no  thumb 
warts. 

It  is  an  inhabitant  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  about  the 
sources  of  the  Arkansa  and  Platte.  It  does  not  seem  to  as- 
cend trees  by  choice,  but  nestles  in  holes  and  on  the  edge  of 
the  rocks.    We  did  not  observe  it  to  have  cheek  pouches. 

Its  nest  is  composed  of  a  most  extraordinary  quantity  of 
the  burrs  of  the  Xanthium,  branches  and  other  portions  of 
the  large  upright  cactus,  small  branches  of  pine  trees,  and 
other  vegetable  productions,  sufficient  in  some  instances  to 
fill  the  body  of  an  ordinary  cart.  What  the  object  of  so  great 
and  apparently  so  superfluous  an  assembalge  of  rubbish,  may 
be,  we  are  at  a  loss  to  conjecture,  we  do  not  know  what  peculi- 
arly dangerous  enemy  it  may  be  intended  to  exclude  by  so 
much  labour. 

Their  principal  food,  at  least  at  this  season,  is  the  seeds  of 
the  pine  which  they  readily  extract  from  the  cones. 

There  is  also  another  species,*  inhabiting  about  the  moun- 
tains, where  it  was  first  observed  by  those  distinguished  tra- 
vellers Lewis  and  Clark,  on  their  expedition  to  the  Pacific 
ocean.  It  is  allied  to  the  «St.  striatus^  and  belongs  to  the  same 
subgenus,  (Tamias,  Illig.)  but  it  is  of  a  somewhat  larger  stature, 
entirely  destitute  of  the  vertebral  line,  and  is  further  distin- 
guished by  the  lateral  lines,  commencing  before  the  humerus 

*  S.  lateralis.  Say.  Above  brownish-cinereous,  intermixed  with  black- 
ish; each  side  of  the  back  a  dull  yellowish-white  dilated  line,  broader  be- 
fore, margined  above  and  beneath  %vith  black,  originating  upon  the  neck 
anterior  to  the[humerus,  and  not  attaining  tlie  origin  of  the  tail;  no  ap- 
pearance of  a  vertebral  line;  thigh,  neck  anterior  to  the  tip  of  the  white 
line,  and  top  of  the  head  tinged  with  ferruginous;  orbit  whitish;  tail  short, 
thin,  with  a  submarginal  blacli  lice  beneath;  nails  of  (lie  anterior  feet 
elongated;  thumb  tubercle  furnished  with  a  broad  nail;  sides  dull  yellow- 
ish-white; beneath  pale,  intermixed  with  blackish. 


Rocky  Mountains.  47 

where  they  are  broadest,  by  the  longer  nails  of  the  anterior 
feet,  and  by  the  armature  of  the  thumb  tubercle.  It  certain- 
ly cannot  with  propriety  be  regarded  as  a  variety  of  the  stri- 
atus^  and  we  are  not  aware  that  the  latter  species  is  subject 
to  vary  to  any  remarkable  degree  in  this  country.  But  the 
species,  to  which,  in  the  distribution  of  its  colours,  it  is  most 
closely  allied,  is  unquestionably,  the  Sc.  bilinatus  of  Geof- 
froy.  A  specimen  is  preserved  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 

The  cliff sivallo-w^  is  here  very  frequent,  as  well  as  in  all 
the  rocky  country  near  the  mountains, 

A  very  beautiful  species  of  emberizaf  was  caught,  rather 
smaller  than  the  indigo  bunting,  ('Emberiza  cyanea)  with  a 
note  entirely  dissimilar.  It  was  observed  to  be  much  in  the 
grass,  rarely  alighting  on  bushes  or  trees. 

*  Hirundo  lunifrons.  Say.  Above  brownish-black,  more  or  less  varied 
with  violaceous  on  the  back  and  wing'-coverts;  the  top  of  the  head  exclu- 
sively blackish  violaceous;  a  large  white  frontal  lunule;  bill  black;  rump 
and  tail-coverts  pale  ferruginous;  chin,  throat,  and  neck  beneath  dark  fer- 
ruginous, extending  in  a  narrow  band  upon  the  hind  head;  breast  pale  ru- 
fous-ash; axilla  and  inferior  wing-coverts  dirty  brownish;  shoulders  dull 
whitish,  with  small  black  and  pale  ferruginous  spots;  belly,  vent,  and 
flanks  white,  obselotely  dashed  with  brown:  inferior  tail-coverts  dusky 
margined  with  white,  tail  entire,  not  surpassing  the  tips  of  the  wings,  the 
exterior  margined  with  white  on  the  inner  web;  wing  and  tail  shafts 
brown  above,  white  beneath,  the  tail  feathers  in  some  lights  have  a  slight- 
ly banded  appearance. 

Length  five  and  a  half  inches. 

This  species  attaches  its  nests,  in  great  numbers,  to  the  rocks  in  dry  si- 
tuations under  projecting  ledges.  The  nest  is  composed  of  mud,  and  is 
hemispherical,  with  the  entrance  near  the  top,  somewhat  resembling  a 
chemist's  retort,  flattened  on  one  side,  and  with  the  neck  broken  off,,for  the 
entrance;  this  entrance  which  is  perfectly  rounded,  sometimes  projects  a 
little  and  turns  downwards.  It  is  an  active  bird,  flying  about  the  vicinity 
of  its  nest,  in  every  direction,  like  the  barn  swallow.  In  many  of  the 
nests  we  found  young  hatched,  and  in  others  only  eggs. 

■)■  Emberiza  amcena.  Say.  Head  and  neck  bluish-green;  back  brownish 
black,  more  or  less  intermixed  with  blue  and  alittle  brown  ferruginous;  rwmp 
pure  blue;  smaller  wing  coverts  dull  blue,  brown  at  base,  and  tipped  with 
white  forming  a  hand;  greater  wing  coverts  blackish,  tipped  with  white, 
forming  a  narrow  band;  wing  and  tail  feathers  blackish  brown,  with  blue 
exterior  margins;  belly,  inferior  tail  coverts,  and  lower  part  of  the  breast, 
white;  superior  portion  of  the  breast  pale  ferruginous;  neck  bright  green; 
bill  zudfeet  pale. 


^v         48  Expedition  to  the 

We  also  captured  a  rattlesnake,*  which  like  the  tergemi' 
nuSy  we  have  found  to  inhabit  a  barren  soil,  and  to  frequent 
the  villages  of  the  Arctomys  of  the  prairie,  but  its  range  ap- 
peared to  us  confined  chiefly  to  the  vicinity  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  Its  rattle  is  proportionally  much  larger  than  that 
of  the  species  just  mentioned,  and  the  head  is  destitute  of 
large  plates.  It  seems  by  the  number  of  plates  and  scales,  to 
be  allied  to  the  atracaudatus  of  Bosc  and  Daud,  but  their 
description  induces  the  conclusion  that  their  species  is  en- 
tirely white  beneath.  It  is  also  allied  to  the  Crotalus  durissus^ 
L.  (C.  rhombifer  Beauv.)  but  is  smaller,  and  the  dorsal  spots 
are  more  rounded.  A  specimen  is  placed  in  the  Philadelphia 
Museum-  A  new  species  of  Coluber  also  occurred. f 

The  only  specimens  of  organic  reliquise  from  this  vicinity, 
which  we  have  been  so  fortunate  as  to  preserve,  are  very  in- 
distinct in  their  character,  and  are  only  impressions  on  the 
gray  sandstone.  One  of  them  appears  to  have  been  a  phytoid 
Millepore^  and  the  other  a  subequilateral  bivalve,  which  may 
possibly  have  been  a  Mactra.  It  is  suborbicular,  and  its 
surface  is  marked  by  concentric  grooves  or  undulations.  At 

*  Genus  Crotalus.  Lin. 

1.  C.  confluentus.  Say.  Brownish  varied  with  greenish-yellow,  a  triple 
series  of  brown  spots,  the  anterior  vertebral  ones  confluent,  and  the  pos- 
terior ones  separated  into  bands. 

Body  brownish  cinereous,  varied  with  greenish-yellow;  a  triple  series 
of  fuscous  spots;  dorsal  series  consisting  of  about  forty- four  lar^i^e,  trans- 
versely oblong-oval  spots,  each  widely  emarginatc  before  and  behind, 
and,  excepting  the  posterior  ones,  edg^ed  with  greenish-white,  the  ten 
or  twelve  anterior  ones  crowded,  confluent,  those  of  the  thicker  part  of 
the  body  separate,  those  near  the  cloaca  and  upon  the  tail  united  with 
the  other  spots  of  the  lateral  series,  and  funning  bands;  lateral  series,  spots 
rounded  and  opposite  to  those  of  the  back;  between  the  dorsal  and  lateral 
series,  is  a  series  of  obsolete,  fuliginous  spots,  alternating  with  those  of 
the  two  other  series:  head  above  scaly,  scales  of  the  superior  orbits  and  of 
the  anterior  margin  larger  striated;  beneath  yellowish-white,  immaculate. 

Plates  of  the  body  i97,  of  the  tail  27. 

Genus  Coluber.  Lin. 

•f-  2.  C.  testaceus.  Pale  sanguineous,  or  testaceous  above,  beneath  san- 
guineous, immaculate. 

Plates  1 98,  scales  HO? 

This  is  a  large  species,  which  inhabits  near  the  Focky  Mountains.  It 
moves  with  great  rapidity,  and  in  general  form  and  size  resembli-s  C  con- 
strictor. The  scales  are  large.  A  specimen  is  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


Rochy  Moimtmns.  49 

a  previous  encampment,  numerous  fragments  of  shells  of  a 
dusky  colour,  occurred  in  the  same  variety  of  sandstone,  and 
amongst  these  is  an  entire  valve  of  a  small  species  of  Os- 
trea,  of  a  shape  very  like  that  of  a  Pinna^  and  less  than  half 
an  inch  in  length. 

We  have  a  specimen,  from  another  locality,  of  a  very  dark 
coloured,  compact,  and  very  impure  limestone,  containing 
still  more  blackish  fragments  of  bivalves,  one  of  which  pre- 
sents the  form  of  a  much  arquated  Mytillus,  but  as  the  back 
of  the  valves  only  is  offered  to  examination,  it  may  be  a 
Chama^  but  it  seems  to  be  perfectly  destitute  of  sculpture. 

Another  specimen,  from  the  mountains  near  the  Platte  is 
a  reddish  brick  coloured  petrosilicious  mass,  containing  casts 
and  impressions  of  a  grooved  Terebratula. 

Hunters  were  kept  out  during  the  day  on  the  ITth,  but 
killed  nothing.  At  evening  they  were  again  sent  out  on 
horseback,  but  did  not  return  until  three  P.  M.  on  the  fol- 
lowing day.  They  had  descended  the  river  twelve  miles, 
finding  little  game.  They  had  killed  one  deer,  one  old  tur- 
key with  her  young  brood  of  six.  This  supply  proved  highly 
acceptable,  as  we  had  for  some  time  been  confined  almost  en- 
tirely to  our  small  daily  allowance  of  corn  meal. 

At  the  conimencement  of  our  tour,  we  had  taken  a  small 
supply  of  sea  biscuit.  At  first  these  were  distributed,  at  the 
rate  of  three  per  day  to  each  man-  afterwards  two,  then  one, 
then  one  for  two  days,  then  one  for  three,  till  our  stock  of 
bread  was  so  nearly  exhausted  that  it  was  thought  proper  to 
reserve  the  little  that  remained,  for  the  use  of  the  sick,  should 
any  unfortunately  require  it.  We  then  began  upon  our  parch- 
ed maize,  which  proved  an  excellent  substitute  for  bread. 
This  was  issued,  at  first,  at  the  rate  of  one  pint  per  day  for 
four  men,  no  distinction  being  made  in  this  or  any  other  case 
between  the  officers  and  gentlemen  of  the  party,  and  the  ci- 
tizens and  soldiers  attached  to  it.  When  we  arrived  at  the 
Arkansa,  about  one  third   part  of  our  supply  of  this  article 

VOL.    IT.  7 


^^  Expedition  to  the 

was  exhausted,  and  no  augmentation  of  the  daily  issues  could 
be  allowed,  although  our  supplies  of  meat  had  for  some  time 
been  inadequate  to  the  consumption  of  the  party. 

We  had  a  little  coffee,  tea,  and  sugar,  but  these  were  re- 
served as  hospital  stores:  our  three  gallons  of  salt  were  ex- 
pended. We  now  depended  entirely  upon  hunting  for  sub- 
sistence, as  we  had  done  for  meat  ever  since  we  left  the 
Pawnee  villages,  our  pork  having  been  entirely  consumed 
before  we  arrived  at  that  place.  We,  however,  apprehended 
little  want  of  meat,  after  we  should  have  left  the  mountains, 
as  we  believed  there  would  be  plenty  of  bisons  and  other 
game  in  the  plains,  over  which  we  were  to  travel. 

At  2  o'clock  P.  M.  on  the  18th,  rain  began  to  fall,  which 
continued  during  the  remainder  of  the  day,  and  made  it  im- 
possible for  us  to  complete  the  observations  we  had  begun. 

The  Arkansa,  from  the  mountains  to  the  place  of  our  en- 
campment, has  an  average  breadth  of  about  sixty  yards;  it  is 
from  three  to  live  feet  deep,  and  the  current  rapid.  At  the 
mountains  the  water  was  transparent  and  pure,  but  soon  after 
entering  the  plains  it  becomes  turbid  and  brackish. 

19th.  This  morning  we  turned  our  backs  upon  the  moun- 
^  tains,  and  began  to  move  down  the  Arkansa.  It  was  not 
without  a  feeling  of  regret,  that  we  found  our  long  contem- 
plated visit  to  these  grand  and  interesting  objects,  was  now  at 
an  end.  More  than  one  thousand  miles  of  dreary  and  mono- 
tonous plain  lay  between  us  and  the  enjoyments  and  indul- 
gences of  civilized  countries.  This  we  were  to  traverse  in 
the  heat  of  summer,  but  the  scarcity  of  game  about  the  moun- 
tains rendered  an  immediate  departure  necessary. 

A  large  and  beautiful    animal*  of  the  lizard  kind,  (be- 

*  Genus  Ameiva.  A.  Tesselntn.  Say.  Tesselated  Lizard.  The  back 
and  sides  of  the  body  and  neck,  are  marked  by  nine  or  ten  longitudinal 
lines,  and  eighteen  or  twentj'  transverse  ones,  dividing  the  whole  surface 
in  a  tesselated  manner,  the  interstitial  quadrate  spaces  being  black;  tliese 
lines  are  light  brown  on  the  back,  and  assume  a  .yellow  tint  on  the  sides; 
the  scales  of  these  portions  of  the  body  are  very  small,  convex  and  rounded. 

The  top  of  the  head  is  olivaceous,  covered  by  plates,  arranged  tl)us. 


Rocky  Mountains.  51 

longing  to  the  Genus  AmeivaJ  was  noticed  in  this  day's 
ride.  It  very  much  resembles  the  Lacerta  Ameiva,  as  figur- 
ed and  described  by  Lacepede,  but  the  tail  is  proportionably 
much  longer.  Its  movements  were  so  extremely  rapid,  that 
it  was  with  much  difficulty  we  were  able  to  capture  a  few 
of  them. 

We  had  proceeded  about  eight  or  ten  miles  from  our 
camp,  when  we  observed  a  very  considerable  change  in  the 
character,  both  of  the  river  and  its  valley;  the  former  becom- 
ing wider,  less  rapid,  and  filled  with  numerous  islands;  the 
latter,  bounded  by  sloping  sand  hills,  instead  of  perpendicu- 
lar precipices.  Here  the  barren  cedar  ridges,  are  succeeded 
by  still  more  desolate  plains,  with  scarce  a  green,  or  a  living 
thing  upon  them,  except  here  and  there  a  tuft  of  grass,  an 
orbicular  lizard,  basking  on  the  scorching  sand,  a  solitary 
Pimelia,  a  Blaps,  or  a  Galeodes;  among  the  few  stinted  and 
withered  grasses,  we  distinguished  a  small  cgespitose  species 
of  Agrostis,  and  several  others,  which  are  thought  to  be  un- 
described.  Near  the  river  and  in  spots  of  uncommon  ferti- 
lity, the  unicorn  plant,  (Martynia  proboscidea^  Ph,)  was 
growing  in  considerable  perfection.  This  plant,  which  is 
sometimes  cultivated  in  the  gardens,  where  it  is  known  by 
the  name  of  Cuckold's  horns,  is  a  native  of  the  Platte  and 
Ark  ansa,  and  is  occasionally  seen  in  every  part  of  the  open 
country  from  St.  Louis,  westward  to  the  mountains. 

2  with  an  intermediate  small  one  at  their  tips;  1,  2,  1  the  largest,  2  and 
3,  superior  orbits  of  the  eyes  with  four  plates,  of  which  the  two  interme- 
diate ones  are  much  the  largest;  belly  bluish-v.  hite;  throat  and  necU  ting- 
ed with  yellow,  and  covered  with  somewhat  larger  scales  than  those  of  the 
back;  anterior  feet  yellowish  within,  and  covered  with  minute  scales,  on 
the  exterior  and  posterior  sides  greenish-white,  with  confluent  black 
spots  and  large  scales;  posterior  feet  behind  greenish-white,  with  conllu- 
ent  black  spots  and  minute  scales,  tiio  anterior  side  yellowish,  covered 
with  large  scales;  pores  of  the  thigh  very  distinct  and  prominent;  tail 
elongated,  rounded,  above  light  brown,  with  a  few  lines  of  black  spots 
near  the  base;  beneath  yellowish-white,  immaculate,  the  scales  carinated, 
and  placed  in  transverse  series. 

Total  length  1  foot—Tail  8?,  inches. 


S2  Expedition  to  the 

A  little  before  noon,  Ave  crossed  a  small  stream,  which 
was  called  Castle  Rock  creek,  from  a  remarkable  pile  of 
naked  rocks,  and  halted  for  dinner  on  the  bank  of  the  river. 

in  the  morning,  Mr.  Peale  and  two  hunters,  had  taken  a 
different  route  from  the  remainder  of  the  party,  hoping  to 
meet  with  game.  They  arrived  at  a  small  grove  of  timber, 
where  it  was  thought  deer  might  be  found.  They  therefore 
left  their  horses  in  care  of  one  of  the  hunters,  and  entered 
the  wood  on  foot.  The  man  had  been  left  alone  but  a  short 
time,  when  he  discovered  a  large  grizzly  bear  approaching 
rapidly  towards  him,  and  without  staying  to  make  himself 
acquainted  with  the  intentions  of  the  animal,  mounted  his 
horse  and  fled. 

The  grizzly  bear*  is  widely  distinct  from  any  known  spe- 

*  Ursus  horribilisy  Ord.  JF/ air  Iodj,  sliort  on  the  front,  very  short  be- 
tween, and  anterior  to  the  eyes,  blacker  and  coarser  on  the  legs  and  feet, 
longer  on  the  shoulders,  throat,  and  behind  the  thighs,  and  beneath  the 
bell3',  and  paler  on  the  snout;  ears  short,  rounded; yVoni  arquated,  the  line 
of  the  profile  continued  upon  the  snout,  without  any  indentation  between 
the  eyes;  eyes  very  small,  destitute  of  any  remarkable  supplemental  lid; 
iris  burnt  sciena,  or  light  reddish  brown;  muffle  of  the  nostrils  black,  the 
sinus  very  distinct  and  profound;  lips,  particularly  the  superior  one,  an- 
t?riorly  extensile,  with  a  few  more  rigid  hairs  or  bristles;  tail  very  short, 
concealed  by  the  hair.  The  hair  gradually  diminishes  in  length  upon  the 
leg,  but  the  upper  part  of  the  foot  is  still  amply  furnished.  Teeth,  inci- 
sores  6,  the  lateral  one  with  a  tubercle  on  the  exterior  side ;  canines  large, 
robust,  prominent;  a  single  false  molar  behind  the  canine,  remaining  mo- 
lares  four,  of  which  the  anterior  one  is  very  small,  that  of  the  upper  jaw 
particularly,  that  of  the  lower  jaw,  resembling  the  second  false  molar  of 
the  common  dog. 

Anterior  feet,  claws  elongated,  slender;  fingers  with  five  suboval  naked 
tubercles,  separated  from  the  palm,  each  other,  and  from  the  base  of  the 
claws  by  dense  hair;  palm  on  the  anterior  half  naked,  transversely  oval; 
base  of  the  palm  with  a  rounded  naked  tubercle,  surrounded  by  the  hair. 

Posterior  feet,  with  the  sole  naked,  the  nails  moderate,  more  arquated, 
and  shorter  than  the  anterior  ones. 

The  nails  do  not  in  the  least  diminish  in  width  at  the  tip,  but  they  be- 
come smaller  towards  that  part,  only  by  diminishing  from  beneath. 

"  Testicles  suspended  in  separate  pouches,  at  the  distance  of  from  two 
to  four  inches  from  each  other." — Lewis  <^  Clark? 

They  vary  exceedingly  in  colour,  and  pass  through  the  intermediate 
gradations,  fiom  a  dark  brown  to  a  pale  fulvous,  and  a  grayish. 
Dimensions  from  the  prepared  specimen. 
Length  from  the  tip  of  the  nose,  to  the  origin 

of  the  tail,  ------        5  feet  2  inches. 

Trunk  of  the  tail,  exclusive  of  the  hair  at  tip,  l| 


Rocky  3{oiintains .  53 

cies  of  bear,  by  the  essential  character  of  the  elongated  an- 
terior claws,  and  rectilinear  or  slightly  arquated  figure  of  its 
facial  profile.  In  general  appearance,  it  may  be  compared 
to  the  Alpine  bear,  (U.  arctos^)  and  particularly  to  the  Nor- 
wegian variety.  The  claws,  however,  of  these  appear  to  be 
of  the  usual  form,  and  not  elongated,  and  the  facial  space, 
included  between  the  eyfes  is  deeply  indented;  they  also  differ 
in  their  manners,  and  climb  trees,  which  the  grizzly  bear  is 
never  known  to  do. 

Lewis  and  Clark  frequently  saw  and  killed  these  bears, 
during  their  celebrated  expedition  across  the  continent.  They 
mention  one  which  was  nine  feet  long,  from  the  nose  to  the 
tip  of  the  tail.  The  fore  foot  of  another,  was  nine  inches 
across,  its  hind  foot  eleven  and  three  quarter  inches  long, 
exclusive  of  the  talons,  and  seven  inches  wide.  The  talons 
of  a  third,  were  six  and  one-fourth  inches  long. 

They  will  not  always  attack  even  when  wounded. 

"  As  they  fired,  he  did  not  attempt  to  attack,  but  fled  with 
a  most  tremendous  roar,  and  such  was  its  extraordinary  te- 
nacity of  life,  that  although  he  had  five  balls  passed  through 
his  lungs,  and  five  other  wounds,  he  swam  more  than  half 
across  the  river  to  a  sand  bar,  and  survived  twenty  minutes. 
He  weighed  between  five  and  six  hundred  pounds  at  least. 


From  anterior  base  of  the  ear  to  the  tip  of  the 

nose, 

12  inches, 

From  anterer  canthus  of  the  eye. 

,  to  the  tip 

of  the  nose, 

- 

- 

6 

Orbit  of  the  eye,    - 

- 

- 

3-4 

BetvFeen  the  ejes, 

- 

- 

4  2-5 

Ears  from  their  superior  base, 

- 

- 

3 

Longest  claw  of  anterior  feet, 

- 

- 

4  1-5 

Shortest,            "             " 

- 

- 

2  3-4 

Longest  claw  of  the  hind  feet, 

- 

- 

3 

Shortest,             "             " 

. 

- 

1  3-4 

Hair  at  tip  of  tail, 

- 

- 

4  1-2 

Length  of  the  hair  on  the 

top  of  the  head. 

- 

1  3-4  to  2  inch. 

beneath  the  ears,  - 

- 

2  1-2  to  3  1-2  in. 

neck  above. 

- 

3  inch. 

shoulders  above,    - 

. 

- 

4  1-2 

throat. 

- 

- 

4 

Belly  and  behind  the  anterior  legs—longest  hairs,       6 


S4i  Expedition  to  the 

and  measured  8  feet  7  1-2  inches,  from  the  nose  to  the  ex- 
tremity of  the  hind  feet." — Lewis  and  Clark. 

One  lived  two  hours,  after  having  been  shot  through  the 
centre  of  his  lungs,  and  whilst  in  this  state,  he  prepared  for 
himself  a  bed  in  the  earth,  two  feet  deep,  and  five  feet  long, 
after  running  a  mile  and  a  half.  The  fleece  and  skin  were  a 
heavy  burden  for  two  men,  and  the  oil  amounted  to  eight 
gallons. 

Another,  shot  through  the  heart,  ran  at  his  usual  pace 
nearly  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  before  he  fell. 

This  species,  they  further  inform  us,  in  all  its  variations 
of  colouring,  is  called  Hohhost^  by  the  Chopunnish  Indians. 

These  travellers  mention  another  species  of  bear,  which 
seems  to  be  related  to  the  Alpine  bear,  and  which  is  most 
probably  a  new  species.  It  climbs  trees,  and  is  known  to  the 
Chopunnish  Indians,  by  the  name  of  Tackah. 

They  also  inform  us,  that  the  copulating  season  occurs 
about  the  15th  June. 

The  Indians  of  the  Missouri,  sometimes  go  to  war  in 
small  parties  against  the  grizzly  bear,  and  trophies  obtained 
from  his  body  are  highly  esteemed,  and  dignify  the  fortunate 
individual  who  obtains  them.  We  saw  on  the  necks  of  many 
of  their  warriors,  necklaces  composed  of  the  long  fore  claws, 
separated  from  the  foot,  tastefully  arranged  in  a  radiating 
manner,  and  one  of  the  band  of  Pawnee  warriors,  that  en- 
countered a  detachment  of  our  party  near  the  Konza  village, 
was  ornamented  with  the  entire  skin  of  the  fore  foot,  with 
the  claws  remaining  upon  it,  suspended  on  his  breast. 

It  is  not  a  little  remarkable,  that  the  grizzly  bear,  which 
was  mentioned  at  a  very  early  period  by  Lahontan,  and  sub- 
sequently by  several  writers,  is  not  even  at  this  day,  esta- 
blished in  the  Zoological  works,  as  a  distinct  species;  that  it 
is  perfectly  distinct  from  any  described  species,  our  descrip* 
tion  will  prove.  From  the  concurrent  testimony  of  those  who 
have  seen  the  animal  in  its  native  haunts,  and  who  have  had 


Reeky  Mountaif:s.  55 

an  opportunity  of  observing  its  manners,  it  is  without  doubt, 
the  most  daring  and  truly  formidable  animal,  that  exists  in 
the  United  States.  He  frequently  pursues  and  attacks  hun- 
ters, and  no  animal  whose  swiftness  or  art  is  not  superior  to 
his  own,  can  evade  him.  He  kills  the  bison,  and  drags  the 
ponderous  carcase  to  a  distance,  to  devour  it  at  leisure,  as 
the  calls  of  hunger  may  influence  him. 

The  grizzly  bear  is  not  exclusively  carnivorous,  as  has  by 
some  persons  been  imagined,  but  also,  and  perhaps  in  a  still 
greater  degree,  derives  nourishment  from  vegetables,  both 
fruits  and  roots;  the  latter  he  digs  up  by  means  of  his  long 
fore  claws. 

That  they  formerly  inhabited  the  Atlantic  states,  and  that 
they  were  then  equally  formidable  to  the  Indians,  we  have 
some  foundation  for  belief,  in  the  tradition  of  the  Delaware 
Indians,  respecting  the  Big  Naked  bear,  the  last  one  of  which 
they  believe  formerly  existed  east  of  the  Hudson  river,  and 
which  Mr.  Heckewelder  assures  us,  is  often  arrayed  by  the 
Indians,  before  the  minds  of  their  crying  children,  to  frighten 
them  to  quietness. 

Governor  Clinton  in  the  notes  appended  to  his  learned 
Introductory  Discourse^*  says,  "  Dixon,  the  Indian  trader, 
told  a  friend  of  mine,  that  this  animal  had  been  seen  fourteen 
feet  long;  that  notwithstanding  its  ferocity,  it  has  been  some- 
times domesticated,  and  that  an  Indian  belonging  to  a  tribe 
on  the  head  waters  of  the  Mississippi,  had  one  in  a  reclaim- 
ed state,  which  he  sportively  directed  to  go  into  a  canoe  be- 
longing to  another  tribe  of  Indians,  then  about  returning  from 
a  visit:  the  bear  obeyed,  and  was  struck  by  an  Indian;  being 
considered  one  of  the  family,  this  was  deemed  an  insult,  was 
resented  accordingly,  and  produced  a  war  between  these 
nations." 

A  half  grown  specimen  was  kept  chained  in  the  yard  of 
the  Missouri  Fur  Company,  near  Engineer  Cantonment,  last 

*  V.  Trans,  of  the  New  York  Literary  and  Philos.  Society. 


56  Expedition  to  the 

winter;  he  was  fed  chiefly  on  vegetable  food,  as  it  was  ob- 
served, that  he  became  furious  when  too  plentifully  supplied 
with  animal  fare.  He  was  in  continual  motion  during  the 
greater  part  of  the  day,  pacing  backward  and  forward  to  the 
extent  of  his  chain.  His  attendants  ventured  to  play  with 
him,  though  always  in  a  reserved  manner,  fearful  of  trusting 
him  too  far,  or  of  placing  themselves  absolutely  within  his 
grasp;  he  several  times  broke  loose  from,  his  chain,  on  which 
occasions  he  would  manifest  the  utmost  joy,  running  about 
the  yard  in  every  direction,  rearing  up  on  his  hind  feet,  and 
capering  about.  I  was  present  at  one  of  these  exhibitions;  the 
squaws  and  children  belonging  to  the  establishment  ran  pre- 
cipitately to  their  huts,  and  closed  the  doors:  he  appeared 
much  delighted  with  his  temporary  freedom,  he  ran  to  the 
dogs,  which  were  straying  about  the  yard,  but  they  avoided 
him.  In  his  round  he  came  to  me,  and  rearing  up,  placed  his 
paws  on  my  breast;  wishing  to  rid  myself  of  so  rough  a  play- 
fellow, I  turned  him  around,- upon  which  he  ran  down  the 
bank  of  the  river,  plunged  into  the  water,  and  swam  about 
for  some  time. 

Mr.  John  Dougherty  had  several  narrow  escapes  from 
the  grizzly  bear.  He  was  once  hunting  with  a  companion,  on 
one  of  the  upper  tributaries  of  the  Missouri,  he  heard  the 
report  of  his  companion's  rifle,  and  looking  round,  he  beheld 
him  at  a  little  distance,  endeavouring  to  escape  from  one  of 
these  bears,  which  he  had  wounded  as  it  was  advancing  on 
him.  Mr.  Dougherty,  attentive  only  to  the  preservation  of 
his  friend,  immediately  hastened  to  divert  the  attention  and 
pursuit  of  the  bear  to  himself,  and  arrived  within  rifle  shot 
distance,  just  in  time  to  effect  his  generous  object;  he  lodged 
his  ball  in  the  animal,  and  was  obliged  to  fly  in  his  turn, 
whilst  his  friend,  relieved  from  imminent  danger,  prepared 
for  another  onset  by  charging  his  piece,  with  which  he  again 
wounded  the  bear,  and  relieved  Mr.  Dougherty  from  pur- 
suit. In  this  most  hazardous  encounter,  neither  of  them 
were  injured,  but  the  bear  was  fortunately  destroyed. 


Rocky  Mountains.  51 

Several  hunters  were  pursued  by  a  grizzly  bear,  that  gain- 
ed rapidly  upon  them;  a  boy  belonging  to  the  party,  who 
possessed  less  speed  than  his  companions,  seeing  the  bear  at 
his  heels  fell  with  his  face  to  the  soil;  the  bear  reared  up  on 
his  hind  feet  over  the  boy,  looked  down  for  a  moment  upon 
him,  then  bounded  over  him  in  pursuit  of  the  fugitives. 

A  hunter  just  returned  from  a  solitary  excursion  to  the 
Qui  Court  river,  informed  me  at  Engineer  Cantonment,  that 
going  one  morning  to  examine  his  traps,  he  was  pursued  by 
a  bear,  and  had  merely  time  to  get  into  a  small  tree,  when 
the  bear  passed  beneath  him,  and  without  halting  or  even 
looking  up,  passed  on  at  the  same  pace. 

Another  hunter  received  a  blow  from  the  fore  paw  of  one 
of  these  animals,  which  destroyed  his  eye  and  cheek  bone. 

In  proof  of  the  great  muscular  power  with  which  this  ani- 
mal is  endowed,  a  circumstance  related  to  us  by  Mr.  John 
Dougherty,  may  be  stated.  He  shot  down  a  bison,  and  leav- 
ing the  carcass,  went  to  obtain  assistance  to  butcher  it,  but  was 
surprised  on  his  return  to  find,  that  it  had  been  dragged  entire, 
to  a  considerable  distance,  by  one  of  these  bears,  and  was 
now  lodged  in  a  concavity  of  the  earth,  which  the  animal 
had  scooped  out  for  its  reception. 

Notwithstanding  the  formidable  character  of  this  bear,  we 
have  not  made  use  of  any  precautions  against  their  attacks, 
and  although  they  have  been  several  times  prowling  about  us 
in  the  night,  they  have  not  evinced  any  disposition  to  attack 
us,  at  that  season. 

They  appear  to  be  more  readily  intimidated  by  the  voice, 
than  by  the  appearance  of  men. 


VOL.  II. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Natural  mounds — Kaskaia  Indian  and  squaw — Preparations 
for  a  division  of  the  party — Sandstones  of  the  high  plains 
south  of  the  Arkansa — Floetz  Trap  Formation. 

In  the  afternoon  of  the  i9th  of  July,  we  passed  the  mouth 
of  the  river  St.  Charles,  called  by  Pike  the  Third  fork,  which 
enters  the  Arkansa  from  the  southwest.  It  is  about  twenty- 
yards  wide,  and  receives,  eight  miles  above  its  confluence, 
the  Green-horn,  a  small  stream  from  the  southeast.  The 
Green-horn  rises  in  the  mountains,  and  passes  between  the 
Spanish  Peaks  into  the  plains.  These  two  peaks  had  been  for 
several  days  visible,  standing  near  to  each  other,  and  ap- 
pearing entirely  insulated.  If  they  are  not  completely  so,  the 
other  parts  of  the  same  range  must  fall  far  below  them  in 
elevation;  they  are  of  a  sharp,  conic  form,  and  their  sum- 
mits white  with  snow,  at  midsummer. 

We  travelled  twenty-five  miles,  the  general  direction  of 
our  course  being  a  little  south  of  east,  and  encamped  at  five 
P.  M.  in  a  grassy  point  on  the  north  side  of  the  river.  The 
soil  of  the  islands  and  the  immediate  valley  of  the  river 
were  found  somewhat  more  fertile  than  above.  Immediately 
after  encamping  the  hunters  were  sent  out,  who  soon  return- 
ed with  two  deer  and  a  turkey. 

In  the  evening,  the  altitude  of  Antares  was  taken. 
Throughout  the  night  we  were  much  annoyed  by  mosqui- 
toes, the  first  we  had  met  for  some  weeks  in  sufficient  num- 
bers to  be  troublesome. 

We  left  our  encampment  on  the  following  morning  at  five, 
the  weather  warm  and  fair.  Soon  afterwards  we  passed  the 
mouth  of  a  creek  on  the  south  side,  which  our  guide  inform- 


Expedition,  ^c.  59 

ed  us,  is  called  by  the  Spaniards  Wharf  creek,  probably 
from  the  circumstance  of  its  washing  perpendicular  preci- 
pices of  moderate  height,  which  is  said  to  be  the  case. 
It  is  the  stream  designated  in  Pike's  map  as  the  Second 
fork.  A  party  of  hunters  in  the  employ  of  Mr.  Choteau, 
who  were  taken  prisoners  by  the  Spaniards  in  the  month  of 
May,  1817,  were  conducted  up  this  creek  to  the  mountains, 
thence  across  the  mountains,  to  Santa  Fe. 

Near  the  place  where  we  halted  to  dine,  a  large  herd  of 
elk  were  seen,  but  unfortunately  they  took  the  wind  of  us, 
and  disappeared,  giving  us  no  opportunity  to  fire  upon  them. 
Along  the  river  bluffs-,  we  saw  numerous  conic  mounds, 
resembling  those  of  artificial  formation,  so  frequently  met 
with  near  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi,  but  differing  from  them 
by  their  surface,  from  the  apex  to  the  base,  being  terminated 
by  a  strait  or  concave,  instead  of  a  convex  curve,  which  is 
usual  in  those  of  artificial  origin.  The  natural  mounds  of 
which  we  speak,  appear  usually  to  contain  a  nucleus  of  sand- 
stone, which  is  sometimes  laid  bare  on  the  summit  or  on  the 
sides,  and  sometimes  entirely  concealed  by  the  accumulated 
debris  resting  upon  it.  This  stone  often  contains  petrified  re- 
mains of  marine  animals. 

At  the  end  of  this  day's  ride  of  twenty-six  miles,  we 
found  the  river  valley  more  than  a  mile  in  width,  and  the 
distant  bluffs  which  bound  it,  low,  and  of  gradual  ascent. 
The  boulders,  pebbles,  and  gravel,  so  abundant  near  the  base 
of  the  mountain,  had  been  growing  gradually  less  prevalent, 
and  diminishing  in  size  till  they  had  now  almost  entirely 
disappeared,  their  place  being  supplied  l)y  a  fine  sand  in- 
termixed with  clay,  which  here  composed  the  surface.  The 
soil  is  extremely  barren,  the  islands,  and  the  immediate  mar- 
gin of  the  river,  bearing  an  inconsiderable  growth  of  cotton- 
wood  and  willows,  the  great  mass  of  the  country  being  al- 
most destitute  of  vegetation  of  any  kind. 

Hunters  were  sent  out,  immediately  on  encamping,  and 


^^  Expedition  to  the 

returned  at  dark,  bringing  a  wild  cat,  an  old  turkey,  and  five 
of  her  chickens. 

A  bird  was  taken,  closely  resembling  in  point  of  colour- 
ing, a  species  preserved  in  the  Philadelphia  museum  under 
the  name  of  ruby •  crowned  fy -catcher,  said  to  be  from  the 
East  Indies,  but  the  bill  differs  in  being  much  less  dilated. 
We  can  hardly  think  it  a  new  species,  yet  in  the  more  com- 
mon books  we  do  not  find  any  distinct  description  of  it.  It 
IS  certainly  allied  to  the  Tyrannus  griseus^  and  sulphuratus  of 
Vieillot,  but  in  addition  to  other  essential  characters,  it  is 
distinguished  from  the  former,  by  its  yellow  belly,  and  from 
the  latter,  by  the  simplicity  *  of  the  wing  and  tail  feathers, 
and  the  absence  of  bands  on  the  side  of  the  head;  the  bill 
IS  also  differently  formed  from  either  of  those  species,  if 
we  may  judge  from  Vieillot's  figures.* 

21st.  We  left  our  encampment  at  five  A.  M.  and 
having  descended  six  or  eight  miles  along  the  river,  we  met 
an  Indian  and  squaw,  who  were,  as  they  informed  us,  of 
the  tribe  called  Kaskaias,  by  the  French,  Bad-hearts.  They 
were  on  horseback,  and  the  squaw  led  a  third  horse,  of  un- 
common beauty.  They  were  on  their  way  from  the  Arkan- 
sa  below,  to  the  mountains,  near  the  sources  of  the  Platte, 
where  their  nation  sometimes  resides.  They  informed  us 
that  the  greater  part  of  six  nations  of  Indians  were  encamp- 
ed about  thirteen  days'  journey  below  us,  on  the  Arkansa. 
These  were  the  Kaskaias,  Shiennes,  Arrapahoes,   Kiawas, 

*  Genus  Tyrannus. 

T.  verticalis,  Say.  Head  above,  pure,  pale,  plumbeous,  the  rerlex 
with  a  bright  orange  spot;  back  pale  plumbeous,  very  slightly  tinged 
with  olivaceous;  wings  brown,  tertials  margined  exteriorly  with  white; 
inner  webs  of  the  primaries  towards  the  base  whitish,  narrowed  at  their 
tips,  the  first  feather  remarl^bly  so;  tail-coverts  and  tail  deep  brown- 
black,  exterior  web  of  the  la^al  tail  feather  white,  a  dusky  line  before 
the  eye;  cliin  whitish;  neck  beneath,  colour  of  the  head;  breast,  belly,  and 
inferior  tail-coverts,  bright  yellow;  bill  furnished  with  bristles  above,  and 
each  side  at  base;  superior  mandible  perfectly  rectiliu^ar  above  from  the 
base  to  near  the  tip,  where  it  rather  suddenly  curves  much  downward. 

Total  length  8  inches;  bill  from  the  anterior  edge  of  the  nostril  to  the 
tip,  11-20  of  an  inch. 


Rocky  Mountains.  61 

the  Bald-heads,  and  a  few  Shoshones,  or  Snakes.  These  na- 
tions, the  Kaskaia  informed  us,  had  been  for  some  time  em- 
bodied, and  had  been  engaged  on  a  warlike  expedition  against 
the  Spaniards  on  Red  river,  where  a  battle  was  fought,  in 
which  the  Spaniards  were  defeated  with  considerable  loss. 

We  now  understood  the  reason  of  a  fact  which  had  appear- 
ed a  little  remarkable;  namely,  that  we  should  have  traversed 
so  great  an  extent  of  Indian  country,  as  we  have  done  since 
leaving  the  Pawnees,  without  meeting  a  single  savage.  The 
bands  above  enumerated,  are  supposed  to  comprise  nearly 
the  whole  erratic  population  of  the  country  about  the  sources 
of  the  Platte  and  Arkansa,  and  they  had  all  been  absent  from 
their  usual  haunts,  on  a  predatory  excursion  against  the 
Indians  of  New  Mexico. 

At  our  request,  the  Kaskaia  and  his  squaw  returned  with 
us  several  miles,  to  point  out  a  place  suitable  for  fording  the 
Arkansa,  and  to  give  us  any  other  information  or  assistance 
in  their  power  to  communicate.  Being  made  to  understand 
it  was  the  design  of  some  of  the  party  to  visit  the  sources 
of  Red  river,  he  pretended  to  give  us  information  and  advice 
upon  that  subject;  also  to  direct  us  to  a  place  where  we 
might  find  a  mass  of  rock-salt,  which  he  described  as  exist- 
ing on  one  of  the  upper  branches  of  Red  river. 

At  ten  o'clock  we  arrived  at  the  ford,  where  we  halted  to 
make  a  distribution  of  the  baggage  and  other  preparations 
requisite  to  the  proposed  division  of  the  party  which  was 
here  to  take  place.  Our  Kaskaia  visitor,  with  his  handsome 
and  highly  ornamented  wife  encamped  near  us,  having  erect- 
ed a  little  tent  covered  with  skins.  They  presented  us  some 
jerked  bison  meat,  and  received  in  return  a  little  tobacco  and 
other  inconsiderable  articles.  A  small  looking-glass,  which 
was  among  the  presents  given  him,  he  immediately  stripped 
of  the  frame  and  covering,  and  inserted  it  with  some  inge- 
nuity into  a  large  billet  of  wood,  on  which  hf^  began  to 
carve  the  figure  of  an  alligator.    Capt.   Bell  bought  of  him 


62  Expedition  to  the 

the  horse  which  they  had  led  with  them,  and  which,  accord- 
ing to  their  account,  had  recently  been  caught  from  among 
the  wild  horses  of  the  prairie.  This  made  some  new  arrange- 
ment of  their  baggage  necessary,  and  we  were  surprised  to 
witness  the  facility  and  despatch  with  which  the  squaw  con- 
structed a  new  pack-saddle.  She  felled  a  small  cotton-wood 
tree,  from  which  she  cut  two  forked  sticks.  These  were  soon 
reduced  to  the  proper  dimensions,  and  adapted  to  the  ends 
of  two  flat  pieces  of  wood  about  two  feet  in  length,  and  de- 
signed to  fit  accurately  to  the  back  of  the  horse,  a  longitudi- 
nal space  of  a  few  inches  in  width  being  left  between  them  to 
receive  the  ridge  of  the  back.  The  whole  was  fastened  to- 
gether without  nails,  pins,  or  mortises,  but  by  a  strong  cover- 
ing of  dressed  horse-hide  sewed  on  wet  with  fibres  of  deer's 
sinew. 

The  Indian  informed  us  he  was  called  "  The  Calf.'*  He 
appeared  excessively  fond  of  his  squaw ^  and  their  caresses 
and  endearments  they  were  at  no  pains  to  conceal.  It  was 
conjectured  by  our  guide,  and  afterwards  ascertained  by  the 
detachment  that  descended  the  Arkansa,  that  this  mutually 
fond  couple  had  married  in  violation  of  the  laws  and  usages 
of  their  tribe;  she  being  already  the  wife  of  another  man,  had 
stolen  the  horse  they  sold  us,  and  deserted  their  band  to  es- 
cape punishment. 

The  low  grounds,  on  the  upper  part  of  the  Arkansa,  have 
a  sandy  soil,  and  are  thinly  covered  with  cotton-wood,  inter- 
mixed with  the  aspen  poplar  (P.  tremuloides.  Mx.)  and  a  few 
willows.  The  undergrowth  is  scattering  and  small,  consist- 
ing principally  of  the  Amorpha  yrMfico^a  and  a  syngeneceous 
shrub,  probably  a  vernonia.  Along  the  base  of  the  moun- 
tains and  about  this  encampment,  we  had  observed  a  small 
asclepias,  not  easily  distinguished  from  A,  verticillata^  but 
rarely  rising  more  than  two  or  three  inches  from  the  ground. 
Here  we  saw  also  the  A.  longifolia  and  A.  v'lridifiorn  of 
Pursh.     The  scanty  catalogue    of   grassy   and  herbaceous 


Rocky  Mountains,  63 

plants  comprises  two  sunflowers  (H.  gigantus  and  H.  peti- 
olaris.)  the  great  Bartonia,  the  white  argemone,  the  Cactus 
ferox^  the  Andropogon  furcatum  and  A.  ciliaturh^  Cyperus 
imcinatiis^  Elymus  striatus,  and  a  few  others. 

Soon  after  arriving  at  this  encampment,  we  commenced 
the  separation  of  our  baggage,  horses,  &c.,  preparatory 
to  the  division  of  the  party.  It  was  now  proposed,  pursuant 
to  the  plan  already  detailed,  that  one  division,  consist- 
ing of  Mr.  Say,  Mr.  Seymour,  Lieutenant  Swift,  the  three 
Frenchmen,  Bijeau,  Le  Doux,  and  Julien,  with  five  rifle- 
men, the  greater  part  of  the  pack-horses,  and  heavy  bag- 
gage under  the  direction  of  Capt.  Bell,  should  proceed  down 
the  Arkansa,  by  the  most  direct  route,  to  Fort  Smith,  there 
to  wail  the  arrival  of  the  other  division,  while  Major  Long, 
accompanied  by  Dr.  James,  Mr.  Peale,  and  seven  men, 
should  cross  the  Arkansa,  and  travel  southward  in  search  of 
the  sources  of  Red  river. 

While  several  of  the  party  were  engaged  in  making  these 
preparations,  hunters  were  sent  out,  who  were  so  far  suc- 
cessful that  they  soon  returned,  bringing  two  deer,  one  ante- 
lope, and  seven  turkeys.  The  opportunity  of  an  unoccupied 
moment  was  taken  to  collect  from  Bijeau  an  account  of  some 
parts  of  the  Rocky  mountains  which  we  had  not  seen. 

Joseph  Bijeau  (or  Bessonet,  which  is  his  hereditary  name, 
the  former  having  been  derived  from  a  second  marriage  of 
his  mother,)  had  performed  in  a  very  adequate  and  faith- 
ful manner  the  services  of  guide  and  interpreter,  from  the 
Pawnee  villages  to  this  place.  He  had  formerly  been  resi- 
dent in  these  regions,  in  capacity  of  hunter  and  trapper,  dur- 
ing the  greater  part  of  six  years. 

He  had  traversed  the  country  lying  between  the  north  fork 
of  the  Platte  and  the  Arkansa,  in  almost  every  direction. 
His  pursuits  often  led  him  within  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
where  the  beaver  are  particularly  abundant.  He  appears 
possessed  not  only  of  considerable  acuteness  of  observation, 


64  Expedition  to  the 

but  of  a  degree  of  candour  and  veracity  which  gives  credi- 
bility to  his  accounts  and  descriptions.  To  him  we  are  in- 
debted for  the  following  account  of  the  country  within  the 
mountains. 

The  region,  lying  west  of  the  first  range  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains  and  between  the  sources  of  the  Yellow-stone,  on 
the  north,  and  Santa  Fe,  on  the  south,  consists  of  ridges  of 
mountains,  spurs,  and  vallies.  The  mountains  are  usually 
abrupt,  often  towering  into  inaccessible  peaks,  covered  w^ith 
perpetual  snows.  The  interior  ranges  and  spurs  are  gene- 
rally more  elevated  than  the  exterior  :  this  conclusion  is 
at  least  naturally  drawn  from  the  fact  that  they  are  cover- 
ed with  snow  to  a  greater  extent  below  their  summits. 
Although  that  point  which  we  have  denominated  James' 
Peak  has  been  represented  as  higher  than  any  other  part  of 
the  mountains,  within  one  hundred  or  one  hundred  and 
fifty  miles,  we  are  iiiclined  to  believe  it  falls  much  below 
several  other  peaks,  and  particularly  that  which  was  for 
many  days  observed  by  the  party,  when  ascending  the 
Platte. 

The  vallies  within  the  Rocky  Mountains  are  many  of 
them  extensive,  being  from  ten  to  twenty  or  thirty  miles  in 
width,  and  are  traversed  by  many  large  and  beautiful  streams. 
In  these  vallies,  which  are  destitute  of  timber,  the  soil  is 
frequently  fertile  and  covered  with  a  rich  growth  of  a  white 
flowering  clover,  upon  which  horses  and  other  animals  feed 
with  avidity.  The  vallies  have  an  undulated  surface  and 
are  terminated  on  all  sides  by  gentle  slopes,  leading  up  to 
the  base  of  the  circumjacent  mountains.  Timber  may  be 
had,  on  the  declivities  of  the  hills,  in  sufficient  quantity  to 
subserve  the  purposes  of  settlement.  The  soil  is  deep,  well 
watered,  and  adapted  to  cultivation. 

The  Indians,  who  inhabit  within  the  mountains,  are  roving 
bands,  having  no  permanent  places  of  residence,  and  sub- 
sisting entirely  on  the  products  of  the  chase.     The  people 


Rocky  Mountains.  65 

called  Padoucas  have  been  often  represented  as  residing  in 
the  district  now  under  consideration,  but  are  not  at  this 
time  to  be  found  here,  unless  this  name  be  synonymous 
with  that  of  the  Bald-heads  or  some  other  of  the  six  nations 
already  enumerated. 

On  the  morning  of  the  22nd,  one  of  two  hunters,  who 
had  been  sent  out  on  the  preceding  day,  but  had  not  return- 
ed, came  into  camp  to  give  notice  that  a  bison  had  been 
killed  at  the  distance  of  eight  miles  on  the  other  side  of  the 
river.  Men  were  accordingly  despatched  with  pack-horses 
to  bring  in  the  meat.  Astronomical  observations  were  re- 
sumed, and  all  the  party  were  busily  employed  in  the  dis- 
charge of  their  ordinary  duties,  or  in  preparations  for  the 
approaching  separation.*    A  vocabulary  of  the  Kaskaia  lan- 

*  The  New-York  bat,  (Vespertilio  Novaboracensis. )  which  occurs  here, 
does  not  vary  in  any  degree  from  the  general  characters  and  appearance, 
of  individuals  of  the  Atlantic  states.  The  specimen  we  obtained,  is  most 
unequivocally  furnished  with  incissores  in  the  superior  jaw,  which  by  Pen- 
nant were  denied  to  exist  in  the  species  of  this  name.  These  teeth  being 
small,  and  hardly  rising'  to  a  level  with  the  line  of  the  intervening  callosity, 
might  be  readily  overlooked  by  a  casual  observer,  who  does  not  aid  his 
vision  by  the  use  of  the  lens.  In  adducing  this  fact,  it  must  not  be  under- 
stood that  we  affirm  the  existence  of  those  teeth  in  individuals  of  this  spe- 
cies generally,  we  only  refer  to  the  single  specimen  before  us. 

A  small  bat  was  shot  this  evening,  during  the  twilight,  as  it  flew  rapidly 
in  various  directions,  over  the  surface  of  the  creek.  It  appears  to  be  an 
immature  specimen,  as  the  molares  are  remarkably  long  and  acute;  the 
canines  are  very  much  incurved,  and  the  right  inferior  one  is  singularly 
bifid  at  tip,  the  divisions  resembling  short  bristles.  This  species  is  beyond 
a  doubt  distinct  from  the  Carolina  bat  (V.  Caroliniana,  Geoff.)  with  which 
the  ears  are  proportionally  equally  elongated,  and,  as  in  that  bat,  a  liltle 
ventricose  on  the  anterior  edge,  so  as  almost  to  extend  over  the  eye,  but 
the  tragus  is  much  longer,  narrower,  and  more  acute,  resembling  that  of 
the  V.  eviatginatus,  Geoff.,  as  well  in  form  as  in  proportion  to  the  length 
of  the  ear.  We  call  it  V.  subulntus,  and  it  may  be  thus  described. — Ears 
longer  th?n  broad,  nearly  as  long  as  the  head,  hairy  on  the  basal  half,  a 
little  ventricose  on  the  anterior  edge,  and  extending  near  to  the  eye;  tra- 
gus elongated,  subulate;  the  hair  above  blackish  at  base,  tip  dull  cinere- 
ous; the  interfemoral  membrane  hairy  at  base,  the  hairs  unicoloured, 
and  a  few  also  scattered  over  its  surface,  and  along  its  edge,  as  well  as 
that  of  the  brachial  membrane;  hair  beneath  black,  the  tip  yellowish- 
white;  hind  feet  rather  long,  a  few  seise  extending  over  the  nails;  only  ?. 
minute  portion  of  the  tail  protrudes  beyond  the  membrane. 

Total  length,     ...     2  9-10  inches. 

Tail, 11-5 

VOL.  IT.  9 


66  Expedition  to  the 

guage  was  filled  up  with  words  obtained  from  the  Calf,  who 
still  remained  with  us.* 

This  encampment  was  about  eighteen  miles  above  the 
confluence  of  that  tributary  of  the  Arkansa,  called  in  Pike's 
maps  "  The  First  fork,"  and,  by  our  computation,  near  one 
hundred  miles  from  the  base  of  the  mountain.  James'  Peak 
was  still  visible,  bearing  north,  68°  west,  and  the  Spanish 
peaks,  the  westernmost  of  which  bore  south,  40'>  west.  The 
observations  made  here  received  the  most  minute  and  care- 
ful attention.  The  moon  was  at  this  time  too  near  the  sun 
to  admit  of  taking  her  distance  from  that  luminary,  and  too 
near  Antares  for  an  observation.  The  distance  of  Spica  Vir- 
ginis  was  too  great,  and  the  star  was  too  near  the  horizon, 
yet  we  trust  accurate  deductions  may  be  made  from  the 
distances,  which  are  given  at  the  end  of  the  volume. 

On  the  evening  of  both  days,  which  our  Kaskaia  guest 
spent  with  us,  we  observed  him  to  commence  soon  after  sun- 
set, a  monotonous  and  somewhat  melancholy  chant,  which 
he  continued  for  near  an  hour.  He  gave  us  some  account  of 
a  battle,  which  had  lately  been  fought  between  the  Tabba- 
boos,  (Anglo-Americans,)  and  the  Spaniards,  in  which  great 
guns  were  used,  and  when  the  Spaniards,  though  superior  in 
number,  had  been  beaten.  He  appeared  well  acquainted  with 
the  use  of  fire  arms,  and  challenged  one  of  the  party  to  a 
trial  of  skill,  in  shooting  at  a  mark  with  the  rifle.  He  had  a 
fusee,  kept  very  carefully  in  a  case  of  leather,  and  carried 
when  travelling  by  his  squaw.  He  was  also  armed  with  a  bow 
and  some  light  arrows  for  hunting,  which  he  carried  con- 
stantly in  his  hand.  He  took  leave  of  us,  on  the  morning 
of  the  23d,  having  received  several  presents,  with  which  he 
appeared  highly  pleased. 

The  Arkansa,  between  this  point  and  the  mountains,  has 

*  The  results  of  several  sets  of  observations  gave  as  the  position  of  this 
encampment  38«»  12'  22"  north  latitude,  and  103°  46/  15",  westlongitude 
from  Greenwich,  or  26°  46.'  1511  from  VVashington. 


Rocky  Mountains.  67 

a  rapid  current,  whose  velocity,  probably,  varies  from  four  to 
six  miles  per  hour.  It  may.be  forded  at  many  places,  in  a 
moderate  stage  of  water.  The  average  breadth  of  the  river  is 
from  sixty  to  seventy-five  yards.  At  many  places,  however, 
it  is  much  enlarged,  including  numerous  islands.  It  pursues 
a  remarkably  serpentine  course  within  its  valley,  forming  a 
succession  of  points  on  both  sides  of  the  river,  which,  to- 
gether with  the  islands,  are  usually  covered  with  cotton- 
wood.  The  bed  of  the  river  is  gravelly,  or  composed  of  wa- 
ter-worn stones,  which  diminish  in  size,  as  you  recede  from 
the  mountains.  The  water  is  turbid,  but  in  a  less  remarkable 
degree,  than  that  of  the  Platte.  The  bed  of  the  river,  has, 
in  many  instances,  changed  its  place,  and  the  old  channel  is 
sometimes  occupied  by  stagnant  water,  and  sometimes  by  a 
small  stream,  which  is  rendered  transparent  by  passing 
through  the  sand  and  gravel,  forming  the  recently  raised 
bank  of  the  river. 

On  the  24th,  the  movements  of  the  party  were  resumed; 
Major  Long  with  the  division  destined  for  Red  river,  crossed 
the  Arkansa,  at  five  A.  M.  On  arriving  at  the  opposite 
bank,  three  cheers  were  given,  which  our  late  companions 
returned,  from  the  other  side.  We  lost  sight  of  them  as  they 
were  leaving  the  camp,  to  descend  the  Arkansa. 

Major  Long's  division  of  the  party  consisting  of  ten  men, 
took  with  them  six  horses  and  eight  mules,  most  of  them  in 
good  condition  for  travelling.  A  few  had  sore  backs,  but  one 
horse  only  was  unfit  for  service. 

Our  course,  which  was  a  little  to  the  east  of  south,  was 
nearly  at  right  angles  to  the  direction  of  the  Arkansa.  It 
was  our  intention  to  cross  to,  and  ascend  the  First  Fork, 
a  considerable  stream  entering  the  Arkansa,  eighteen 
miles  below  our  last  encampment.  After  leaving  the  river, 
we  found  the  surface  to  rise  gradually,  till  at  the  distance  of 
six  or  eight  miles,  it  is  broken  by  a  few  small  gravelly 
ridges;  these  are  of  little  elevation,  and  their  summits  over- 


68  Expedition  to  the 

look  an  extensive  waste  of  sand,  terminated  towards  the 
south  and  east,  only  by  the  verge  of  the  sky,  towards  the 
west  and  northwest,  by  the  snowy  summits  of  the  Spanish 
mountains.  As  our  way  led  across  the  general  course  of  the 
streams,  we  met  with  no  water,  except  such  as  was  still 
standing  in  puddles,  which  had  been  filled  by  the  late  rains. 
Near  one  of  these  we  halted  to  dine.  The  thermometer  hang- 
ing in  the  shade  of  our  tent,  which  was  the  most  perfect,  and 
indeed  the  only  shade  we  could  find,  stood  at  100».  The 
little  water  we  could  procure  was  thick  with  mud,  and  swarm- 
ing with  the  larv«  of  mosquitoes,  but  this  we  regretted  the 
less,  as  we  had  no  cooking  to  perform.  We  dined  upon  jei-k- 
ed  meat  from  our  packs.  Some  animals  seen  at  a  distance, 
were  at  first  mistaken  for  bisons,  but  were  found  by  the  hun- 
ters sent  in  pursuit  of  them,  to  be  horses,  and  too  wild  and 
V)gilant  to  be  taken. 

A  species  of  cone  flower  (Rudbeckia  tagetes^  with  an 
elongated  receptacle,  and  large  red  brown  radial  florets,  was 
observed,  about  the  margin  of  the  stagnant  pool,  near  which 
we  halted.* 

We  also  collected  the  Linum  rigidumP  and  a  semiprocum- 
bent  species  of  Sida,  which  appears  to  be  undescribed.  It  is  a 
little  larger  than  the  S.  spinosa^  to  which  it  has  some  general 
resemblance. 

The  whole  tract,  passed  in  this  day's  journey  of  twenty- 
seven  miles,  is  sterile  and  sandy.  At  sunset  we  were  so  for- 
tunate as  to  meet  with  another  small  pool  of  water,  at  which 
we  pitched  our  tent,  and  kindled  a  fire  with  the  dung  of  the 

*  R.  lagetes,  Hirsute,  stem  much  branched,  somewhat  grooved',  radical 
leaves  subentire  spatulate,  linear  or  pinnatifid;  cauline  leaves  interrupted- 
ly pinnatifid,  the  divisions  irregular  in  form  and  position,  but  usually  li- 
near; branches  alternate  or  scattered;  peduncles  grooved,  short,  few  flow- 
ered, terminal:  ray  fioiorets  [5-8]  recurved,  red-brown:  disk  dark-brown: 
receptacle  columnar  but  proportionally  much  shorter  than  that  of  R.  colum- 
naris,  to  which  species  the  one  under  consideration  is  allied.  Flint  about 
twelve  inches  high,  growing  in  clusters,  and  having  by  its  numerous 
branches  and  finely  divided  leaves,  a  remote  resemblance  to  Anthemis 
cotula. 


Rocky  Mountains.  69 

bison.  Since  leaving  the  Arkansa,  we  had  scarcely  seen  as 
much  wood,  as  might  have  supplied  us  with  fuel  for  a  single 
night.  We  passed  in  the  course  of  the  day,  not  less  than  four 
or  five  paths,  leading  southwest  towards  the  Spanish  settle- 
ments. Some  of  them  appeared  to  have  been  recently  tra- 
velled by  men  with  horses,  such  paths  being  easily  distin- 
guished from  those  of  bisons  or  wild  horses. 

Our  camp  was  near  the  head  of  a  dry  ravine,  communi- 
cating towards  the  southeast,  with  a  considerable  stream, 
which  we  could  distinguish  at  the  distance  of  eight  or  ten 
miles,  by  a  few  trees  along  its  course.  Continuing  our  jour- 
ney on  the  ensuing  day,  we  soon  found  ourselves  in  a  tract 
of  country,  resembling  that  on  the  Arkansa  near  the  moun- 
tains. A  similar  horizontal  slaty  sandstone  occurs,  forming 
the  basis  of  the  country.  There  is  also  a  variety  of  this  stone, 
somewhat  crystalline,  resembling  that  of  St.  Michael's,  in 
the  lead  mine  district,  but  exhibiting  no  trace  of  metallic 
ores.  These  rocks  are  deeply  channelled  by  the  water  cour- 
ses, but  at  this  time  the  streams  contain  little  water. 
These  ravines  are,  the  greater  number  of  them,  destitute  of 
timber,  except  a  few  cedars,  attached  here  and  there  in  the 
crevices  of  the  rock.  The  larger  vallies  which  contain  streams 
of  water,  have  a  few  cotton-wood  and  willow  trees.  The  box 
elder,  the  common  elder,  (Sambucus  canadensis^)  and  one  or 
two  species  of  Viburnum,  are  seen  here. 

It  was  perhaps  owing  to  our  having  followed  more  care- 
fully than  they  deserved,  the  directions  of  the  Calf,  that  we 
did  not  arrive  as  early  as  we  had  expected,  upon  the  stream 
we  designed  to  ascend.  In  the  middle  of  the  day  on  the  25th, 
we  fell  in  with  a  smaller  river,  at  the  distance  of  thirty- six 
miles  from  the  point  where  we  had  left  the  Arkansa,  this  we 
concluded,  could  be  no  other  than  that  tributary,  whose 
mouth  is  said  to  be  distant  eighteen  miles  from  the  same 
spot.  This  stream,  where  we  halted  upon  it  to  dine,  is  about 
ten  yards  wide,  and  three  feet  deep,  but  appeared  at  this  time 


70  Expedition  to  the 

considerably  swollen.  Its  immediate  valley  is  about  three  hun- 
dred yards  in  width,  bounded  on  both  sides  by  perpendicular 
cliffs  of  sandstone,  of  near  two  hundred  feet  elevation.  A  very 
large  part  of  the  area  included  between  these  showed  evi- 
dence in  the  slime  and  rubbish,  with  which  its  surface  was 
covered,  of  having  been  recently  inundated.  This  stream, 
like  all  others  of  similar  magnitude,  having  their  sources  in 
high  mountains,  is  subject  to  great  and  sudden  floods. 

A  short  time  before  we  halted,  our  two  hunters,  Verplank 
and  Dougherty,  were  sent  forward  to  hunt,  and  joined  us 
with  a  deer,  soon  after  we  had  encamped. 

After  dinner  we  moved  on,  ascending  the  creek,  whose 
valley  was  sufficiently  wide  for  a  little  distance,  to  afford  us 
an  easy  and  unobstructed  passage.  The  stream  runs  nearly 
from  south  to  north,  in  a  deep  but  narrow  and  tortuous  val- 
ley, terminated  on  both  sides,  by  lofty  and  perpendicular  pre- 
cipices, of  red  sand  rock.  This  sandstone,  appears  entirely 
to  resemble  that  before  described,  as  occuring  in  an  inclined 
position,  along  the  base  of  the  mountains,  on  the  Arkansa 
and  the  Boiling-spring  creek.  Here  it  is  disposed  in  horizon- 
tal strata  of  immense  thickness.  It  varies  in  colour  from  a 
bright  brick  red,  to  a  dark  brown,  and  is  sometimes  gray, 
yellow,  or  white.  It  consists  essentially  of  rounded  particles 
of  quartz  and  other  silicious  stones,  varying  in  size  from  the 
finest  sand  to  gravel  stones,  and  large  pebbles.  Extensive 
beds  of  pudding  stone  occur  in  every  part  of  it,  but  are  abun- 
dant somewhat  in  proportion,  to  the  proximity  of  the  high 
primitive  mountains.  In  the  lower  parts  of  the  stratum,  these 
beds  of  coarse  conglomerate,  appear  to  have  the  constituent 
gravel  and  pebble  stones  more  loosely  cemented,  than  in  por- 
tions nearer  the  upper  surface.  Wherever  we  have  met 
with  them  in  immediate  contact  with  the  granite  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  they  are  nearly  destitute  of  cement,  and  of  a  co- 
lour approaching  to  white.  This  remark,  it  is  highly  proba- 
ble, may  not  be  applicable  to  many  extensive  beds  of  pud- 


Rocky  Mountams.  71 

ding  stone,  which  lie  near  the  base  of  the  mountains.  In 
the  instances  which  came  under  our  notice,  the  absence  of 
colour  and  the  want  of  cement,  may  very  probably  have  been 
accidental.  The  finer  varieties  of  the  sandstone  are  often 
met  with  in  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  granite, 
and  are  of  a  compact  structure,  and  an  intense  colour.  Red 
is  the  prevailing  colour  in  every  part  of  the  stratum,  but 
stripes  of  yellow,  gray,  and  white,  are  frequently  interspers- 
ed. In  hardness  and  other  sensible  properties,  it  varies  widely 
at  different  points.  In  many  instances  it  is  entirely  similar  to 
the  sandstone  about  New  Brunswick,  in  New  Jersey,  at 
Nyac,  and  along  the  Tappan  bay  in  New  York,  and  parti- 
cularly that  variety  of  it  which  is  quarried  at  Nyac,  and  ex- 
tensively used  in  the  cities  of  New  York  and  Albany,  for 
building.  It  contains  a  little  mica  in  small  scales.  Oxide  of 
iron  predominates  in  the  cement,  and  the  ore  denominated 
the  brown  oxide,  occurs  in  it,  in  reniform,  botryoidal  and 
irregular  masses. 

A  few  miles  above  our  mid-day  encampment,  we  entered 
the  valley  of  a  small  creek,  tributary  from  the  southeast  to 
the  stream  we  had  been  ascending,  but  this  we  found  so  nar- 
row and  so  obstructed  by  fallen  masses  of  rocks,  and  almost 
impenetrable  thickets  of  alders  and  willows,  as  to  render  our 
progress  extremely  tedious  and  painful.  We  were  several 
times  induced  to  attempt  passing  along  the  bed  of  the  stream, 
but  as  the  mud  was  in  many  places  very  deep,  this  was  done 
at  the  cost  of  the  most  violent  and  fatiguing  exertions,  on  the 
part  of  our  horses,  and  the  risk  to  ourselves  of  being  thrown 
with  our  baggage  into  the  stream.  With  the  hope  of  finding 
an  easier  route  across  the  hills,  we  ascended  with  much  dif- 
ficulty a  craggy  and  abrupt  ravine,  until  we  had  attained 
nearly  the  elevation  of  the  precipitous  ramparts,  which  hem- 
med in  the  narrow  valley  of  the  creek;  but  all  we  gained  by 
this  ascent,  was  the  opportunity  of  looking  down  upon  a  few 
of  our  companions,  still  lingering  below,  diminished  to  the 


72  Expedition  to  the 

stature  of  dwarfs  by  the  distance,  and  by  contrast  with  the 
rude  and  colossal  features  of  the  scene.  The  surface  of  the 
country,  extending  on  both  sides  from  the  summit  of  the  pre- 
cipices, consisted  of  abrupt  conic  piles,  narrow  ridges,  and 
shapeless  fragments  of  naked  rocks,  more  impassable  than  the 
valley  below.  Counselled  therefore  by  necessity,  we  resum- 
ed our  former  course,  ascending  along  the  bed  of  the  creek. 

Among  other  birds,  which  occurred  in  this  day's  march, 
we  noticed  the  yellow-bellied  Jly-catcher,  and  the  obscure 
wren. 

One  of  the  small  striped  ground  squirrels  already  noticed, 
was  killed,  and  an  individual  belonging  to  another  species* 
distinguished  by  the  extraordinary  coarseness  and  flattened 
form  of  the  fur,  and  by  three  black  lines  on  each  side  of  the 
tail.  These  lines  at  their  tips,  are  of  course,  united  over  the 
surface  of  the  tail,  as  in  the  Barbary  squirrel.  It  nestles 
in  holes  and  crevices  of  the  rocks,  and  does  not  appear  to 
ascend  trees  voluntarily. 

It  inhabits  frequently  about  the  naked  parts  of  the  sand- 
stone cliffs,  or  where  are  only  a  few  cedar  bushes.  In  the 
pouch  of  the  specimens  killed,  we  found  the  buds  and  leaves 
of  a  few  small  plants  common  among  the  rocks. 

Following  up  the  bed  of  the  creek,  \Ye  ascended  by  a  gra- 
dual acclivity,  to  the  surface  of  the  stratum  of  red  sand- 
stone. It  is  separated  by  a  somewhat  distinct  boundary  from 
the  finer  and  more  compact  gray  variety  which  rests  upon  it. 

*  Genus  Sciurus. 

S.  grammurus.  Say.  Line-tailed  squirrel.  Body  cinereous,  more  or  less 
tinged  with  ferruginous;  fur  very  coarse,  much  flattened,  canaliculate 
above,  plumbeous  or  blackish  at  base;  then  whitish,  or  ferruginous;  tip 
brownish;  above  the  neck  and  shoulders  the  whitish  is  prevalent;  from  the 
middle  of  the  back,  the  sides,  and  the  exterior  surface  of  the  legs,  the  fer- 
ruginous colour  prevails,  the  terminal  brown  of  the  feet  being  obsolete; 
superior  and  inferior  orbits  of  the  eye  white;  tail  moderate  whitish;  fur 
triannulate  with  black,  the  base  and  tip  of  each  hair  being  whitish;  be- 
neath, whitish  tinged  with  ferruginous;  thumb  tubercle  armed;  iris  burnt 
umber:  pupil  black. 

Length  to  the  origin  of  the  tail,  111-2  inches. 
Of  the  tail,        .        .      9  inches. 


Rocky  Mountains.  73 

This  gray  sandstone  appears  from  the  organic  relicts  it  con- 
tains, as  well  as  from  its  relative  position,  to  have  been  of 
more  recent  deposition  than  the  red.  Its  prevailing  colours 
are  gray  or  yellowish  white,  its  stratifications  distinct,  and 
its  cement  often  argillaceous. 

After  entering  upon  this  variety,  we  found  the  valley  of 
the  creek  less  serpentine  in  direction,  but  narrower  and  more 
obstructed  by  detached  fragments  than  below.  The  impaling 
cliffs  on  each  side  were  also  more  uniformly  perpendicular, 
putting  it  out  of  our  power  to  choose  any  other  path  than 
the  rugged  one  which  lay  before  us.  As  with  every  step  of 
our  advance  upon  this  route  we  were  gaining  a  little  in  point 
of  elevation,  we  hoped  by  following  it,  to  reach  at  length,  its 
termination  in  the  high  and  open  plain  which  we  had  no 
doubt  existed,  extending  over  the  greater  part  of  the  surface 
of  the  country  wherever  the  strata  of  sandstone  were  still 
unbroken.  At  five  P.  M.,  supposing  we  had  arrived  very 
near  this  wished-for  spot,  and  finding  an  indifferent  supply  of 
grass  for  our  horses,  we  halted  for  the  night,  having  travel- 
led fifteen  miles. 

26th.  The  water  of  the  large  stream  we  had  crossed  and 
ascended  for  some  distance  on  the  preceding  day,  was  tur- 
bid, and  so  brackish,  as  to  be  nauseous  to  the  taste.  The 
same  was  observed,  though  in  a  less  remarkable  degree,  of 
the  little  tributary  we  had  followed  up  to  our  encampment. 
After  leaving  the  region  of  red  sandstone,  we  found  the 
water  perceptibly  purer.  In  the  districts  occupied  by  that 
rock,  we  have  observed  several  copious  springs,  but  not 
one  whose  waters  were  without  a  very  manifest  impregnation 
of  muriate  of  soda,  or  other  saline  substances.  In  the  gray, 
or  argillaceous  sandstone,  springs  are  less  frequent,  but  the 
water  is  not  so  universally  impure. 

A  beautiful  Dalea,  two  or  three  Euphorbias,  with  several 
species  of  Eriogonum,  are  among  the  plants  collected  about 
this  encampment.  Notwithstanding  the  barrenness  of  the  sou, 

VOL.  II.  10 


74  Expedition  to  the 

and  the  aspect  of  desolation  which  so  widely  prevails,  we  arc 
often  surprised  by  the  occurrence  of  splendid  and  interest- 
ing productions  springing  up  under  our  feet,  in  situations  that 
seemed  to  promise  nothing  but  the  most  cheerless  and  un- 
varied sterility.  Operating  with  unbounded  energy,  in  every 
situation,  adapting  itself  with  wonderful  versatility,  to  all 
combinations  of  circumstances;  the  principle  of  life  extends 
its  dominion  over  inhospitable  tracts,  which  seem  as  if  de- 
signed for  the  perpetual  abode  of  inorganic  desolation;  dis- 
tributing some  of  its  choicest  gifts  to  the  most  ungenial 
regions,  fitting  them,  by  peculiarity  of  structure,  for  the 
maintenance  of  life  and  vigor,  in  situations  apparently  the 
most  unfavored. 

At  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening  of  the  25th,  a  fall  of  rain 
commenced.  We  were  now  ten  in  company,  with  a  single 
tent,  large  enough  to  cover  half  the  number.  In  order,  how- 
ever, to  make  the  most  equal  distribution  of  our  joint  pos- 
sessions, it  was  so  arranged  that  about  the  half  of  each  man 
was  sheltered  under  the  tent,  while  the  remainder  was  ex- 
posed to  the  weather.  This  was  effected,  by  placing  all  our 
heads  near  together  in  the  centre  of  the  tent,  and  allowing 
our  feet  to  project  in  all  directions,  like  the  radii  of  a  circle. 

On  the  ensuing  morning,  we  commenced  our  ride  at  an 
early  hour,  being  encouraged  still  to  pursue  the  course  up 
the  ravine,  by  a  bison  path,  which  we  believed,  would  at 
length  conduct  us  to  the  open  plain.  Our  progress  was  slow, 
and  laborious,  and  our  narrow  path  so  hemined  in  with  per- 
pendicular cliffs  of  sandstone,  that  our  views  were  nearly 
as  confined,  and  the  surrounding  objects  as  unvaried,  as  if 
we  had  been  making  our  way  in  a  subterranean  passage.  Two 
black-tailed  deer,  with  a  few  squirrels,  and  some  small 
birds,  were  all  the  animals  seen  in  the  course  of  the  day. 
Some  enormous  tracks  of  the  grizzly  bear,  with  the  recent 
signs  of  bisons,  afforded  sufficient  proof,  that  these  animals, 
though  unseen,  were  near  at  hand. 


Rocky  Mountains.  75 

Our  courses  were  nearly  south,  during  the  day,  and 
the  distance  we  travelled,  estimated  on  them,  fifteen 
miles.  The  actual  distance  passed,  must  have  been  much 
greater,  as  our  real  course  was  extremely  circuitous,  winding 
from  right  to  left,  in  conformity  to  the  sinuosities  of  the 
valley. 

At  four  o'clock,  we  arrived  at  the  head  of  the  stream, 
which  we  had  hitherto  ascended.  As  we  were  conscious,  that 
after  leaving  this,  and  emerging  into  the  open  country,  we 
could  not  expect  to  meet  with  water  again,  in  a  distance  of 
several  miles,  it  was  resolved  to  halt  for  the  night,  and 
the  hunters  were  sent  out.  Soon  afterwards,  it  began  to  rain. 
At  sunset,  the  hunters  returned,  having  killed  a  female  of 
the  black-tailed,  or  mule  deer.  The  flesh  of  this,  we  found 
in  tolerable  condition,  and  extremely  grateful  to  our  hungry 
party. 

On  the  morning  of  the  27th,  we  rose  at  three  o'clock,  and 
hastened  our  preparations  for  an  early  start.  The  morning 
was  clear  and  calm,  and  the  copious  dew,  which  was  begin- 
ning to  exhale  from  the  scanty  herbage  of  the  valley,  gave 
the  air  a  delightful  freshness.  The  mercury,  as  on  several 
of  the  preceding  mornings,  stood  at  about  SS"^. 

At  sunrise,  we.resumed  our  toilsome  march,  and,  before 
ten  o'clock,  had  arrived  at  a  part  of  the  valley  beyond  which 
it  was  found  impossible  to  penetrate.  The  distance  we  had 
travelled  would  have  been,  in  a  direct  line,  about  three  miles. 
In  passing  it,  we  had  followed  no  less  than  ten  different 
courses,  running  in  all  possible  directions.  This  fatiguing 
march  had  brought  us  to  a  point  where  the  valley  was  so 
narrow  and  so  obstructed  with  large  detached  fragments  of 
rocks,  as  to  be  entirely  impassable  on  horseback ;  we  were 
therefore  under  the  necessity  of  halting,  and,  as  the  place 
afforded  some  grass,  our  horses  were  turned  loose  to  feed, 
while  several  persons  were  sent  to  discover,  if  possible,  some 
passage  by  which  we  might  extricate  ourselves  from  the  ra- 


76  Expedition  to  the 

vine.  At  length  one  returned,  having  found,  at  the  dis- 
tance of  a  mile  and  a  half  below,  a  pass  where,  it  was 
thought,  our  horses  could  be  led  up  the  cliff. 

On  the  preceding  day,  we  had  commenced  our  accustom- 
ed march  in  a  valley  bounded  by  perpendicular  cliffs  of  red 
sandstone,  having  an  elevation  of  at  least  two  hundred  feet 
from  the  surface  of  the  valley.  As  we  ascended  gradually 
along  the  bed  of  the  stream,  we  could  perceive  we  were  ar- 
riving near  the  surface  of  this  vast  horizontal  stratum 
and,  at  night,  we  pitched  our  tent  at  the  very  point  where 
the  red  sandstone  began  to  be  overlaid,  in  the  bed  of 
the  creek,  by  a  different  variety.  This  second  variety,  the 
gray  sandstone,  was  in  a  horizontal  stratum,  evidently  more 
than  two  hundred  feet  in  thickness.  It  is  usually  a  more 
compact  and  imperishable  stone  than  the  red,  its  fragments 
remaining  longer  entire  and  retaining  the  angles  and  asperi- 
ties of  the  surface,  which  in  the  other  variety  are  soon  sof- 
tened down  by  the  rapid  progress  of  disintegration.  It  is 
easy  to  perceive  that  the  sandstone  formation,  including  the 
two  varieties  above  mentioned,  must  be,  at  this  point,  of  im- 
mense thickness;  fifteen  hundred  feet  is  probably  a  very 
moderate  estimate  for  the  aggregate  elevation  of  some  ex- 
tensive portions  of  the  gray  sandstone,  abave  that  part  of  the 
valley  at  which  the  red  first  appears.  From  this  point 
downwards  the  extent  of  the  latter  variety  may  be  very  great; 
but  no  estimate  can  be  formed  which  would  be  in  any  mea- 
sure entitled  to  confidence. 

After  we  had  dined,  we  retraced  our  two  last  courses,  and 
succeeded  in  ascending  the  cliff,  at  the  place  which  one  of 
the  hunters  had  pointed  out,  taking,  without  the  least  regret, 
our  final  leave  of  the  "  Valley  of  the  souls  in  Purgatory."* 

*  This  tributary  of  the  Arkansa,  designated  on  the  old  maps  as  the  First 
Fork,  as  we  learned  from  Bijeau,  is  called,  among  the  Spaniards  of  New 
Mexico,  "  The  river  of  the  souls  in  purgatory."  We  emerged  from  the 
gloomy  solitude  of  its  valley,  with  a  feeling  somewhat  akin  to  that  which 
attends  the  escape  from  a  place  of  punishment. 


Rocky  Mountains.  77 

From  the  brow  of  the  perpendicular  precipice,  an  ascend- 
ing slope  of  a  few  rods  conducted  us,  through  scattering 
groves  of  junipers,  to  the  border  of  the  open  plain.  Here, 
the  interminable  expanse  of  the  grassy  desert  burst  suddenly 
upon  our  view.  Instead  of  a  narrow  crooked  avenue,  hedg- 
ed in  by  impending  cliffs  and  frightful  precipices,  a  bound- 
less and  varied  landscape  lay  spread  before  us.  The  broad 
valley  of  the  Arkansa,  studded  with  little  groves  of  timber, 
and  terminated,  in  the  back  ground,  by  the  snowy  summit  of 
James'  Peak,  lay  in  our  rear.  The  Spanish  Peaks  and  nu- 
merous spurs  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  with  the  shining  pin- 
nacles of  the  more  distant  ranges,  limited  our  view  on  the 
right.  On  our  left  and  before  us,  lay  the  extended  plain 
diversified  with  vast  conic  mounds,  and  insular  table-like 
hills,  while  herds  of  bisons,  antelopes,  and  wild  horses,  gave 
life  and  cheerfulness  to  the  scene.* 

After  travelling  one  and  a  half  miles,  into  the  plain,  on  a 
due  south  course,  we  halted  to  take  the  bearing  of  several 
remarkable  points,  l^ue  east,  was  a  solitary  and  almost 
naked  pile  of  rocks,  towering  to  a  very  considerable  eleva- 
tion above  the  surface  of  the  plain.  James'  Peak  bore  north 
71°  west;  the  west  Spanish  Peak  south,  87?  west;  magnetic 
variation,  IS^"  east.  As  we  proceeded,  we  were  surprised 
to  witness  an  aspect  of  unwonted  verdure  and  freshness,  in 
the  grasses  and  other  plants  of  the  plain,  and  in  searching 
for  the  cause  of  this  change,  discovered  we  had  arrived 
at  a  region  differing,  both  in  point  of  soil  and  geological  fea- 
tures, from  any  portion  of  the  country  we  had  before  seen. 
Several   circumstances  had  induced   us  to   conjecture    that 

*  A  large  undescribed  species  of  Gaura  is  common  about  the  banks  of 
all  the  creeks  we  had  seen  since  leaving-  the  Arkansa.  It  attains,  ordina- 
rily, the  size  of  G.  biennis,  but  is  clearly  distinct  both  from  that  and  all 
other  North  American  species.  It  has  a  broader  leaf  than  any  other  spe- 
cies of  the  genus  met  with  in  this  country.  The  flowers'are  small,  of  a 
purple  colour,  and  incline  to  form  a  terminal  spike.  The  whole  plant  is 
covered  with  a  dense  silky  pubescence,  and  is  remarkably  soft  to  the  touch. 
We  propose  to  call  it  Gaura  mollis. 


78  Expedition  to  the 

rocks  of  the  newest  floetz  trap  formation  existed  in  some 
portion  of  the  secondary  region,  along  the  eastern  declivity 
of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  but,  until  this  time,-  we  had  met 
with  no  positive  confirmation  of  the  opinion.  We  were  glad 
to  be  at  length  relieved  from  the  tiresome  sameness  of  the 
sand  formation,  and  promised  ourselves,  in  the  treasures  of 
a  new  and  more  fertile  variety  of  soil,  the  acquisition  of 
many  important  plants. 

At  five  P.  M.  we  met  with  a  little  stagnant  water,  near 
which  we  encamped,  having  travelled  about  ten  miles  nearly 
due  south  from  the  point  where  we  had  left  the  valley  of  the 
creek.  The  hunters  went  out  on  foot,  in  pursuit  of  bisons, 
several  herds  being  in  sight,  but  returned  at  dark,  having  ef- 
fected no  more  than  to  break  the  shoulder  of  a  young  bull, 
who  ran  off  pursued  by  a  gang  of  wolves.  Several  of  the 
party,  being  informed  of  the  route  the  animal  had  taken,  and 
instigated,  in  common  with  the  wolves,  by  the  powerful  in- 
citement of  hunger,  resolved  to  join  the  chase,  and  to  dispute 
with  their  canine  competitors  the  possession  of  the  prey. 
When  they  had  nearly  overtaken  the  bison,  they  saw  him 
several  times  thrown  to  the  ground  by  the  wolves,  and  after- 
wards regaining  his  feet.  They  soon  came  near  enough  to 
do  execution  with  their  pistols,  and  frightened  away  the 
wolves,  only  to  make  a  speedier  end  of  the  harassed  ani- 
mal. It  was  now  past  nine  o'clock,  but  the  starlight  was  suf- 
ficient to  enable  them  to  dress  the  meat,  with  which  they 
returned  loaded  to  camp,  and  spent  the  greater  part  of  the 
night  in  regaling  on  the  choice  pieces. 

28th.  From  an  elevated  point,  about  eight  miles  south  of 
our  encampment,  the  high  peak  at  the  head  of  the  Arkansa 
was  still  visible.  From  a  computation  of  our  courses  and 
distances,  we  found  we  could  not  be  less  than  one  hundred 
and  thirty  miles  distant  from  its  base,  but  the  air,  at  that 
time,  was  remarkably  clear,  and  our  elevation  above  the 
common  level  of  the  plain  very  considerable.     By  referring 


Rocky  Mountains.  79 

to  Pike's  "  Journal  of  a  voyage  to  the  sources  of  the  Ar- 
kansa,"  it  will  be  seen  that  this  peak  is  the  most  prominent 
and  conspicuous  feature  in  a  great  extent  of  the  surrounding 
country,  "  It  is  indeed  so  remarkable  as  to  be  known  to  all 
the  savage  nations  for  hundreds  of  miles  around,  and  to  be 
spoken  of,  with  admiration,  by  the  Spaniards  of  New  Mexico, 
and  was  the  bounds  of  their  ti-avels  northwest.  Indeed,  in 
our  wanderings  in  the  mountains,  it  was  never  out  of  sight, 
except  when  in  a  valley,  from  the  14th  November  to  the  27th 
January."     See  page  171. 

Notwithstanding  this  representation,  and  that  the  peak  in 
question  was  seen  by  ourselves,  at  the  distance  of  one  hun- 
dred and  thirty  miles,  we  are  inclined  to  think,  that,  in  point 
of  elevation,  it  falls  far  below  many  portions  of  the  interior 
ridges  of  the  mountains,  which  are  visible  from  its  summit, 
and  from  the  plains  of  the  Platte,  and  that  it  is,  by  standing 
a  little  detached  from  the  principal  group  of  the  mountains, 
it  acquires  a  great  portion  of  the  imposing  grandeur  of  its 
appearance. 

We  passed,  in  the  morning,  some  tracts  of  gray  sandstone, 
having,  however,  met  with  several  inconsiderable  conic  hills, 
belonging  to  that  interesting  formation,  called  by  Werner 
the  Floetz  Trap  rocks.  We  perceived  before  us  a  striking 
change  in  the  aspect  and  conformation  of  the  surface;  in- 
stead of  the  wearisome  uniformity,  the  low  and  pointless 
ridges,  which  mark  the  long  tract  of  horizontal  sandstone 
we  had  passed,  we  had  now  the  prospect  of  a  country  vari- 
ed by  numerous  continued  ranges  of  lofty  hills,  interspersed 
with  insulated  cone-like  piles,  and  irregular  masses  of  every 
variety  of  magnitude  and  position.  This  scenery  is  not  to 
be  compared,  in  point  of  grandeur,  with  the  naked  and  tow- 
ering majesty  of  the  great  chain  of  the  Andes,  which  we  had 
lately  left,  but,  in  its  kind,  it  is  of  uncommon  beauty.  The 
hills,  though  often  abrupt  and  high,  are  sometimes  smooth 
and  grassy  to  their  summits,  having  a  surface  unbroken  by  a 


80  Exptditwn  to  the 

single  rock  or  tree,  large  enough  to  be  seen  at  the  distance 
of  a  mile. 

At  noon,  we  halted  near  the  base  of  a  hill  of  this  descrip- 
tion. It  is  of  greenstone,  and  the  sand-rock  on  which  it  rests 
is  disclosed  at  the  bottom  of  a  ravine,  which  commences 
near  the  foot  of  the  hill.  This  latter  rock  is  of  a  slaty  struc- 
ture, and  embraces  narrow  beds  of  bituminous  clay  slate, 
which  contains  pieces  of  charcoal  or  the  carbonized  remains 
of  vegetables,  in  every  possible  respect  resembling  the  char- 
coal produced  by  the  process  of  combustion  in  the  open  air. 
In  the  ravines,  and  over  the  surface  of  the  soil,  we  observed 
masses  of  a  light,  porous,  reddish-brown  substance,  greatly 
resembling  that  so  often  seen  floating  down  the  Missouri,  by 
some  considered  a  product  of  pseudo-volcanic  fires,  said  to 
exist  on  the  upper  branches  of  that  river.*  We  also  saw 
some  porphyritic  masses  with  a  basis  of  greenstone,  contain- 
ing crystals  of  feldspar. 

In  the  afternoon,  several  magpies,  shore-larks,  and  cow- 
buntings  were  seen.  One  of  the  cow-buntings  followed  us 
five  or  six  miles,  alighting  on  the  ground  near  the  foremost 
of  our  line,  and  within  a  few  paces  of  the  horses'  feet,  where 
he  stood  gazing  at  the  horses  until  all  had  passed  him,  when 
he  again  flew  forward  to  the  front,  repeating  the  same  move- 
ments many  times  in  succession. 

We  had  now  arrived  near  that  part  of  the  country  where, 
according  to  the  information  of  the  Kaskaia,  we  expected  to 
find  the  remarkable  saline  spring,  from  which,  we  were  told, 
the  Indians  often  procured  large  masses  of  salt.  The  Kas- 
kaia had,  by  the  aid  of  a  map  traced  in  the  sand,  given  us  a 
minute  account  of  the  situation  of  the  spring,  and  of  the  sur- 
rounding country,  stating  that  the  salt  existed  in  masses  at  the 
bottom  of  a  basin-like  cavity,  which  contained  about  four 
and  a  half  feet  of  reddish  water.  Thus  far  we  had  not  found 
a  single  feature  of  the  country  to  correspond,  in  the  slightest 

*  See  Bradburj's  travels,  p.  161.  second  edition. 


Rocky  Mountains^  81 

degree,  to  his  descriptions,  and  as  we  had  been  careful  to 
follow  the  general  direction  of  the  course  pointed  out  to  us, 
it  was  probably  his  intention  to  deceive. 

Our  course,  which  was  a  little  east  of  south,  led  us  across 
several  extensive  vallies,  having  a  thin  dark-coloured  soil, 
closely  covered  with  grasses  and  strewed  with  fragments  of 
greenstone.  Descending,  towards  evening,  into  a  broad  and 
deep  valley,  we  found  ourselves  again  immured  between 
walls  of  gray  sandstone,  similar  in  elevation  and  all  other 
particulars  to  those  which  limit  the  valley  of  Purgatory 
creek.  It  was  not  until  considerable  search  had  been  made, 
that  we  discovered  a  place  where  it  was  possible  to  effect 
the  descent,  which  was  at  length  accomplished,  not  without 
danger  to  the  life  and  limbs  of  ourselves  and  horses.  The 
area  of  the  valley  was  covered  with  a  sandy  soil,  in  which 
we  again  saw  the  great  cylindric  Cactus,  the  Cucumis,  and 
other  plants  common  to  the  sandy  districts,  but  rarely  found 
in  the  scanty  soils  of  the  Trap  formation.  Pursuing  our 
way,  along  this  valley,  we  arrived,  towards  evening,  at  an 
inconsiderable  stream  of  transparent  and  nearly  pure  water 
descending  along  a  narrow  channel,  paved  with  black  and 
shapeless  masses  of  amygdaloidal  and  imperfectly  porphyri- 
tic  greenstone.*  This  was  the  first  stream  we  had,  for  a 
long  time,  seen  traversing  rocks  of  secondary  formation, 
whose  waters  were  free  from  an  impregnation  of  muriate  of 
soda  and  other  salts.  From  the  very  considerable  magni- 
tude of  the  valley,  and  the  quantity  of  water  in  the  creek,  it 
is  reasonable  to  infer  that  its  sources  were  distant  at  least 
twenty  miles  to  the  west,  and  the  purity  and  transparency 
of  its  waters  afford  sufficient  evidence  that  it  flows  princi- 
pally from  a  surface  of  Trap  rocks. 

*  From  a  subsequent  comparison  of  the  direction  of  several  water  courses 
which  descend  from  this  elevated  district,  we  have  been  induced  to  con- 
sider the  creek  mentioned  in  the  text  as  one  of  the  most  remote  sources 
of  the  great  northern  tributary  of  the  Canadian  river. 

VOL.  11.  11 


82  Expedition  to  the 

Having  crossed  the  creek,  with  some  difficulty,  we  halted 
on  the  bank  to  set  up  our  tent  and  prepare  ourselves  for  a 
thunder-shower,  which  was  already  commencing.  After  the 
rain,  the  sky  became  clear,  and  the  sun,  which  was  near  set- 
ting, gilded  with  its  radiance  the  dripping  foliage  of  a  clus- 
ter of  oaks  and  poplars  which  stood  near  our  tent.  The 
grassy  plain,  acquiring  unwonted  verdure  from  the  shower, 
and  sparkling  with  the  reflection  from  innumerable  suspend- 
ed rain  drops,  disclosed  here  and  there  a  conic  pile  or  a 
solitary  fragment  of  black  and  porous  Amygdaloid.  The 
thinly  wooded  banks  of  the  creek  resounded  to  the  loud  notes 
of  the  robin,  and  the  more  varied  and  melodious  song  of 
the  mocking  bird;  the  stern  features  of  Nature  seemed  to 
relax  into  a  momentary  smile  to  cheer  us  on  our  toilsome 
journey. 

On  the  morning  of  the  29th,  our  course  (S.  35*>  E.)  brought 
us  at  the  distance  of  three  miles  from  our  camp  to  the  foot 
of  the  cliff,  which  separates  the  valley  from  the  high  plain. 
This  mural  barrier,  has  an  elevation  of  -about  two  hundred 
feet,  and  is  impassable  except  at  particular  points,  where  it 
is  broken  by  ravines.  One  of  these  we  were  fortunate  in  find- 
ing without  being  compelled   to  deviate  greatly   from  our 
course,  and  climbing  its  rugged  declivity,  we  emerged  upon 
the  broad  expanse  of  the  high  plain.  Turning  with  a  sort  of 
involuntary  motion  towards  the  west,  we  again  caught  a  view 
of  the  distant  summits  of  the  Andes,  appearing  on  the  verge 
of  our  horizon.   The  scene  before  us  was  beautifully  varied 
with  smooth  valleys,  high  conic  hills,  and  irregular  knobs 
scattered  in  every  direction  as  far  as  the  eye  could  compre- 
hend. Among  these  singular  eminences  nothing  could  be  per- 
ceived like  a  continuous  unbroken  range;  most  of  them  stand 
entirely  isolated,  others  in  groups  and  ranges,  but  all  are  dis- 
tinct hills,  with  unconnected  bases.  The  surface  of  the  coun- 
try generally,  and  more  especially  in  the  immediate  vicinity 
of  these  hills,  is  strewed  with  fragments  of  compact  or  por- 


Rocky  Mountains.  83 

phyritic  greenstone.     These  are  in  some  places  accumulated 
in  such  quantities  as  greatly  to  retard  the  traveller. 

At  half  past  eleven  A.  M*,  a  violent  storm  with  high  and 
cold  wind,  came  on  from  the  northeast,  and  continued  for 
two  hours.  Soon  after  its  commencement  we  halted  to  dine, 
but  were  unable  to  find  a  spot  affording  wood,  until  so  much 
rain  had  fallen  as  to  wet  our  clothing  and  baggage.  Fire 
was  almost  the  only  comfort  we  could  now  command,  our 
provision  being  so  nearly^trxhausted,  that  about  an  ounce  of 
jerked  bison  meat  was  all  that  could  be  allowed  each  man 
for  his  dinner. 

The  rain  ceasing,  we  again  resumed  our  march,  but  had 
not  proceeded  far,  when  we   were   overtaken  by  a  second 
storm  from  the  N.  E.,  still  more  violent  than  the  first,  and 
attended  with   such  pelting  hail,  that  our  horses  refused  to 
proceed  in   any  direction,  except  that   of  the  wind,  so  that 
rather  than  suffer  ourselves  to  be.  carried  off  our  course,  we 
were  compelled  to  halt  and  sit   patiently  upon   our  horses; 
opposing  our  backs  to  the  storm,  we  waited  for  its  violence 
to  abate.  As  soon  as  the  hail  ceased,  we  moved  on;  the  water 
pouring  in  streams   from  our  mockasins   and  every  part  of 
our  dress.  The  rain  continued  until  dark,  when  being  unable 
to  find  wood,  and  having  no  occasion  for  water,  we  halted, 
and  without  the  delay  of  cooking  supper  or  eating  it,  we  set 
up  our  tent,  and  piled  ourselves  together  under  it  in  the  most 
social  manner  imaginable.   During  the  day,  the  mercury  had 
fallen  from  70''  to  47",  indicating  a  change  of  temperature, 
which  was  the  more   severely  felt  as  we  were  hungry,  wet, 
and  much  fatigued.     As  we  had  neither   dry  clothing  nor 
blankets,  we  could   find  no  other  method    of  restoring  the 
warmth  to  our  benumbed  bodies   than  by  placing  them   to- 
gether in  the  least  possible  compass.     We  spent  a  cheerless 
night,  in  the   course   of  which    Mr.   Peale    experienced  an 
alarming  attack  of  a  spasmodic  affection  of  the  stomach  in- 


84  Expedition^  £i?c, 

duced  probably  by  cold  and  inanition.     He  was  somewhat 
relieved  by  the  free  use  of  opium  and  whiskey. 

We  left  our  comfortless  camp  at  an  early  hour  on  the  en- 
suing morning,  and  traversing  a  wide  plain  strewed  with 
fragments  of  greenstone,  amygdaloid,  and  the  vessicular  sub- 
stance already  mentioned  as  the  pumice  stone  of  Bradbury, 
we  arrived  in  the  middle  of  the  day,  in  sight  of  a  creek, 
which  like  all  water  courses  of  this  region,  occupies  the  bot- 
tom of  a  deep  and  almost  inaccessible  valley;  with  the  cus- 
tomary difficulty  and  danger,  we  at  length  found  our  way 
down  to  the  stream,  and  encamped. 

We  were  much  concerned,  but  by  no  means  surprised,  to 
discover  that  our  horses  were  rapidly  failing  under  the  se- 
vere services  they  were  now  made  to  perform;  we  had  been 
often  compelled  to  encamp  without  a  sufficiency  of  grass,  and 
the  rocky  ways,  to  which  we  had  for  some  time  accustomed 
them,  were  destroying  their  hoofs.  Several  were  becoming 
lame,  and  all  much  exhausted  and  weakened. 

Verplank,  our  faithful  and  indefatigable  hunter,  was  so  for- 
tunate, as  to  kill  a  black-tailed  deer,  at  a  distance  from  our 
course.  A  horse  was,  however,  sent  for  the  remainder  of 
the  meat,  (Verplank  having  brought  the  greater  part  of  it  on 
his  shoulders^  and  we  once  more  enjoyed  the  luxury  of  a  full 
meal. 


CHAPTER  V. 

Sufferings  of  the  party  from  stormy  weather  and  want  of  pro- 
visions— Indications  of  an  approach  towards  settlements — 
Inscribed  rocks — Cervus  Macrotis — Volcanic  origin  of 
Amygdaloid. 

The  valley  in  which  we  halted  is  narrow,  artd  bounded  on 
both  sides  by  cliffs  of  greenstone,  having  manifestly  a  ten- 
dency to  columnar  or  polyedral  structure.  It  falls  readily  in- 
to large  prismatic  masses,  but  obstinately  resists  that  further 
disintegration,  which  must  take  place  before  it  can  be  re- 
moved by  the  water.  For  this  reason  the  valley  is  much 
obstructed  by  the  fallen  masses  retaining  their  angular  form, 
and  little  intermixed  with  soil. 

The  stream  which  exists  in  this  valley,  for  a  part  of  the 
year  at  least,  but  which  was  now  dry,  runs  towards  the  south- 
cast.  Having  arrived  at  that  part  of  the  country  which  has 
by  common  consent,  been  represented  to  contain  the  sources 
of  the  Red  river  of  Louisiana,  we  were  induced  by  the  ge- 
neral inclination  of  the  surface,  and  the  direction  of  this  creek 
to  consider  it  as  one  of  those  sources,  and  accordingly  re- 
solved to  descend  along  its  course,  hoping  it  would  soon 
conduct  us  to  a  country  abounding  in  game,  and  presenting 
fewer  obstacles  to  our  progress,  than  that  in  which  we  now 
were.  Our  sufferings  from  the  want  of  provisions,  and  from 
the  late  storm,  together  with  the  enfeebled  condition  of  our 
horses,  had  discouraged  us  from  prolonging,  farther  than  was 
necessary,  our  journey  towards  the  southwest. 

The  country  between  the  sources  of  Purgatory  creek,  and  the 
stream  on  which  we  were  encamped,  is  a  wide  and  elevated 


86  Expedition  to  the 

formation  of  trap  rocks,  resting  upon  horizontal  sandstone. 
It  has  a  loose  and  scanty  soil,  in  which  sand,  gravel,  and 
rolled  pebbles  are  rarely  seen,  except  in  the  vicinity  of  some 
points,  where  the  sandstone  appears  to  have  been  uncovered 
by  the  action  of  currents  of  water.  In  traversing  it  we  had 
.  collected  many  new  and  interesting  plants,  among  these  were 
a  large  decumbent  mentzelia,  an  unarmed  rubus,  with  spe- 
cies of  astragalus,  pentstemon,  myosotis,  helianthus,  &c.  Be- 
side the  common  purslane,  which  is  one  of  the  most  fre- 
quent plants  about  the  mountains,  we  had  observed  on  the 
Arkansa  a  smaller  species,  remarkably  pilose  about  the  axils 
of  the  leaves,  which  are  also  narrower  than  in  P.  oleracea.  A 
very  small  cuscuta  also  occurs  almost  exclusively  parasitic 
on  the  common  purslane. 

31st.  In  attempting  to  descend  the  creek  from  our  last 
encampment,  we  found  the  valley  so  obstructed  with  frag- 
ments of  greenstone,  as  to  be  wholly  impassable.  We  ac- 
cordingly ascended  into  the  plain,  and  continuing  along  the 
brink  of  the  precipice,  arrived  in  a  few  hours  at  a  point 
where  the  substratum  of  sandstone  emerges  to  light,  at  the 
base  of  an  inconsiderable  hill.  It  is  a  fine  gray  sandstone, 
having  ah  argillaceous  cement,  and  its  laminae  are  so  nearly 
horizontal,  that  their  inclination  is  not  manifest  to  the  eye. 
It  is  smooth  and  fissile,  and  in  every  respect  remarkably  con- 
trasted to  the  massive  and  imperfectly  columnar  greenstone, 
which  it  supports. 

The  greenstone  of  this  district  is  not  universally  marked 
by  any  tinge  of  green  in  the  colouring,  but  often,  as  in 
the  instance  of  which  we  are  now  speaking,  its  colour 
is  some  shade  of  gray,  varying  from  light  gray  to  grayish 
black.  The  hornblend  and  feldspar  which  enter  into  its 
composition,  are  minutely  and  intimately  blended.  Its  mi- 
nute structure  is  rarely,  if  ever,  distinctly  crystalline;  most 
frequently  it  is  compact,  and  the  fracture  nearly  even. 

The  hunters  were  kept  constantly  in  advance  of  the  party, 


Rocky  31ountains,  87 

and,  in  the  course  of  the  morning,  they  killed  a  small  fawn 
and  a  heron.  At  one  o'clock,  we  arrived  at  the  confluence 
of  a  creek,  tributary  from  the  east  to  the  stream  we  were 
following,  and  descending  into  its  valley,  by  a  precipitous 
declivity  of  about  four  hundred  feet,  encamped  for  the 
remainder  of  the  day.  This  valley  is  bounded  by  perpen- 
dicular cliffs  of  sandstone,  surmounted  by  extensive  beds 
of  greenstone.  The  fragments  of  the  latter  have  fallen 
down  into  the  valley,  and,  being  less  perishable  than  the 
sandstone,  they  constitute  the  greater  part  of  the  debris 
accumulated  along  the  base  of  the  cliff's. 

The  sand-rock,  which  in  some  places  is  exposed  in  per- 
pendicular precipices,  is  soft  and  friable,  being  very  rea- 
dily scratched  with  the  point  of  a  knife,  and  has  been 
rudely  inscribed,  propably  by  the  Indians,  with  emblema- 
tical figures  commemorative  of  some  past  event.  Several 
of  the  figures,  intended  to  represent  men,  are  distinguished 
by  the  sign  of  the  cross  inscribed  near  the  head;  some  are 
represented  smoking,  and  some  leading  horses,  from  which 
we  infer,  that  the  inscriptions  are  intended  to  commemo- 
rate some  peaceful  meeting  of  the  Indians  with  the  Spa- 
niards of  New  Mexico,  for  the  purposes  of  trade,  where 
horses  were  either  given  as  presents  or  bartered  for  other 
articles.  Some  meeting  of  this  kind  has,  probably,  happen- 
ed here  at  no  very  distant  period,  as  corn-cobs  were  found 
near  our  encampment :  from  this  circumstance,  it  would 
appear  that  the  distance  to  the  Spanish  settlements  cannot 
be  very  great. 

Mr.  Peale,  who  had  been  unwell  since  the  cold  storm 
of  the  28th,  now  found  some  little  relief  in  the  opening  of 
an  abscess  which  had  formed  on  his  jaw. 

As  several  of  our  horses  had  been  lamed  in  descending 
into  the  valley,  and  by  the  rough  journey  of  the  preceding 
day,  it  was  thought  necessary  to  allow  ourselves  a  day  of 
rest.   Since  arriving  in  the  country  inhabited  by  the  hitherto 


^*  Expedition  to  the 

undescribed  animal,  called  the  black-tailed  or  mule  deer,  we 
had  been  constantly  attentive  to  the  important  object  of  pro- 
curing a  complete  specimen  for  preservation  and  description. 
Hitherto,  though  several  had  been  killed,  none  had  been 
brought  to  camp,  possessing  all  the  characters  of  the  perfect 
animal.  Supposing  we  should  soon  pass  beyond  their  range, 
a  reward  had  been  offered  to  the  hunter  who  should  kill  and 
bring  to  the  camp  an  entire  and  full  grown  buck. 

Verplank  killed  one  of  this  description,  on  the  afternoon  of 
the  first  of  August,  near  enough  our  camp  to  call  for  as- 
sistance and  bring  it  in  entire.  They  did  not  arrive  until 
dark,  and  we  had  such  pressing  necessity  for  the  flesh  of 
the  animal,  that  we  could  not  defer  dressing  it  until  the  next 
morning.  The  dimensions  were  accordingly  taken,  and  a 
drawing  made  by  Mr.  Peale,  by  the  light  of  a  large  fire. 
Verplank  informed  us  that  in  company  with  the  buck  which 
he  killed,  were  five  does,  two  of  the  common  red  deer,  (C. 
Virginianus,)  and  three  of  the  other  kind.* 

*  Since  our  return  to  Philadelphia,  the  following- description  of  the  ani- 
mal has  been  drawn  out  from  the  dried  skin,  which,  however,  is  so  much 
injured  by  depredating'  insects,  that  it  has  not  been  judg-ed  proper  to 
mount  it  entire.  The  head  has  therefore  been  separated  from  tlie  remain- 
ing portion  of  the  skin,  and  may  be  seen  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum, 
placed  under  the  foot  of  a  Prairie  wolf,  (Canis  latrans.  Say.)  which  has 
been  well  prepared  by  Mr.  T.  Peale. 

Cervus  inacrotis.  Say.  Antlers  slightly  groved,tuberculated  at  base, 
a  small  branch  near  the  base,  corresponding  to  the  situation  and  direction 
of  that  of  C.  Virginiinus;  the  curvature  of  the  anterior  line  of  the  antlers 
is  similar  in  direction,  but  less  in  degree,  to  that  of  the  same  deer;  near 
the  middle  of  liie  entire  length  of  the  antlers,  they  bifurcate  equally,  and 
each  of  these  processes  again  divides  near  the  extremity,  the  anterior  of 
these  smaller  processes  being  somewhat  longer  than  the  posterior  one. 
The  ears  are  very  long,  extending  to  the  principal  bifurcation,  about 
half  the  length  of  the  whole  antler;  the  lateral  teeth  are  larger,  in  propor- 
tion to  the  intermediate  teeth,  than  those  of  the  C.  V iri;inianus  2.Te;  eye- 
lashes black,  the  aperture  beneath  the  eye  is  larger  than  that  of  the  spe- 
cies just  mentioned  and  previous;  the  hair  also  is  coarser  and  is  undulat- 
ed and  compressed,  like  that  of  the  elk  (C.  major.);  the  colour  is  light 
reddish-brown  above;  sides  of  the  head,  and  hair  on  the  fore  portion  of  the 
nose  above,  dull  cinereous:  the  back  is  intermixed  with  blackish-tipped 
hairs,  which  form  a  distinct  line  on  the  neck,  near  the  head:  the  tail  is  of 
a  pale  reddish-cinereous  colour,  and  the  hair  at  the  tip  of  the  tail  is  black: 
the  tip  of  the  trunk  of  the  tail  is  somewhat  compressed,  aad  is  beneath 


Rocky  Mountains.  89 

We  observed  about  this  camp  a  yellow  flowering  sensitive 
plant,  apparently  a  congener  to  the  saw  brier  (Schranika 
uncmata.)  of  the  Platte  and  Arkansa.  Its  leaves  are  twice 
pinnated,  and  manifestly  irritable.  We  also  added  to  our 
collection  two  new  species  of  Gaura,  much  smaller  than  G 
mollis.,  which  is  also  found  here. 

Several  rattlesnakes  were  seen  and  many  orbicular  lizards. 
These  are  evidently  of  two  distinct  species,  differing  from 
each  other  in  the  length  of  the  spines,  and  the  position  of 

almost  destitute  of  hair;  the  hoofs  are  shorter  and  wider  tlian  those  of  the 
Virginianus,  and  more  like  those  of  the  Elk. 

Length  from  the  base  of  the  antlers  to  the  origin  of  the 

basal  process. 2  inches. 

of  the  basal  process-    .         .         .         .         .2  1-2 
from  the  basal  process  to  the  principal  bifurca- 
tion          4  1-2  to  5. 

from  the  principal  bifurcation  to  the  two  other 
bifurcations,  respectively         .         .         .         4  1-2  to  5  1-2 
terminal  prongs  of  the  anterior  branch      •         4  to  4  1-2 
of  the  posterior  branch      .         2  1-2  to  3 
from  the  anterior  base  of  the  antlers  to  the  tip 

of  the  superior  jaw  .  .  .         9  1-4 

from  the  anterior  canthus  of  the  eye  to  the  tip 

of  the  jaw  •  .  .  .6  1-4 

from  the  base  of  the  antler  to  the  anterior  can- 
thus  .  .  .  .  .3 
of  the  ears,  more  than           .             .             .7  1-2 
of  the  trunk  of  the  tail           .             .             .4 
of  the  hair  at  the  tip  of  the  tail,  from  .     3  to  4 
This  is  probably  the  species  mentioned  by  Lewis  and  Clark,  vol.  i.  p. 
77,  under  the  name  of  Black-tailed  deer,  and,  more  frequently,  in  other 
parts  of  the  work,    by   that  of  Mule  deer.     It  is,  without  doubt,  a  new 
species,  not  having  been,  hitherto,  introduced  into  the  systems. 

Having  mentioned  the  Elk,  it  may  be  proper,  in  this  place,  to  express 
our  opinion,  that  bad  as  the  figure. of  that  animal,  given  by  Catesby,  under 
the  name  of  Cervus  major,  certainly  is,  it  was  really  intended  to  repre- 
sent the  same  species  with  that  which  Gmelin  calls  C.  canadensis.  We 
have  never  heard  of  any  animal  being  observed  in  the  southern  or  wes- 
tern states,  that  could  be  mistaken  for  it,  neither  did  we  meet  with,  or 
hear  of  the  existence  of  any  animal,  which  could  be,  by  any  person  what- 
ever, confounded  with  this  species,  if  we  except  the  Black-tailed  deer, 
which  by  an  extremely  inattentive  observer,  viewed  transiently,  and  at 
a  great  distance,  might  possibly  be  mistaken  for  it.  But  the  Black-tailed 
deer,  we  cannot  admit  ever  to  have  been  known  to  Catesby,  when  we 
take  into  consideration  the  boundaries  of  the  remote  territory  to  which 
its  range  is  limited.  Catesby's  figure  also  is  far  more  like  the  Elk  than 
the  Black- tailed  deer. 

VOL.  II.  12 


^    "  Expedition  to  the 

the  nostrils.  Scarce  any  two  of  either  species  are  precisely  si- 
milar in  colour,  but  the  markings  are  permanent.  Both  species 
possess,  in  a  slight  degree,  the  power  of  varying  the  shades 
of  colour.  .  We  could  find  no  conspicuous  difference  mark- 
ing the  different  sexes  in  the  species  with  long  spines;  the 
other  we  have  not  had  sufficient  opportunity  to  examine. 

Aug.  2d.  The  rain  w^hich  had  fallen  during  great  part  of 
the  preceding  day  and  night,  had  considerably  raised  the 
water  in  the  small  creek,  on  which  we  were  encamped.  At 
sunrise  we  collected  our  horses,  and  proceeded  down  the 
valley,  the  direction  of  our  course,  being  south,  80**  east.  At 
the  distance  of  two  or  three  miles  we  found  the  valley  much 
expanded  in  width,  and  observed  a  conspicuous  change  in 
the  sandstone  precipices,  which  bound  it.  This  change  is 
the  occurrence  of  a  second  variety  of  sand-rock,  appearing 
along  the  base  of  the  cliff,  and  supporting  the  slaty  argillace- 
ous stratum  above  described.  These  rocks  have  the  same 
relative  position,  and  nearly  the  same  aggregate  elevation, 
as  the  two  very  similar  varieties  in  the  valley  of  Purgatory 
creek:  indeed  the  conclusion,  that  they  are  the  continuation 
of  the  same  strata,  can  scarcely  be  avoided.  The  lower- 
most or  red  sand-rock,  is  here  very  friable  and  coarse.  Its 
prevailing  colour  is  a  yellowish  gray  or  light  brown.  It 
often  consists  almost  exclusively  of  large  rounded  parti- 
cles of  white  or  transparent  quartz,  united  by  a  scanty  ce- 
ment, which  usually  contains  lime,  and  sometimes,  but  not 
always,  oxide  of  iron.  In  some  instances  the  cement  seems 
to  be  wanting.  Its  stratifications  are  very  indistinct,  com- 
pared to  those  of  the  gray  sandstone,  and  like  them  disposed 
horizontally. 

On  entering  the  wider  part  of  the  valley,  we  perceived  be- 
fore us,  standing  alone  in  the  middle  of  the  plain,  an  im- 
mense circular  elevation,  rising  nearly  to  the  level  of  the 
surface  of  the  sandstone  table,  and  apparently  inaccessible 
on  all  sides.  On  its  summit  is  a  level  area  of  several  acres 


Rocky  Mountains.  91 

bearing  a  few  cedar  bushes,  probably  the  habitation  of  birds 
only. 

Leaving  this  we  passed  three  others  in  succession,  similar 
in  character,  but  more  elevated  and  remarkable. 

After  passing  the  last  of  these,  the  hills  ceased  abruptly, 
and  we  found  ourselves  once  more  entering  on  a  vast  unva- 
ried plain  of  sand.  The  bed  of  the  creek  had  become  much 
wider,  but  its  water  had  disappeared.  Meeting  at  length  with 
a  stagnant  pool,  we  halted  to  dine,  but  found  the  water  more 
bitter  and  nauseous  to  the  taste,  than  that  df  the  ocean,  as 
it  could  neither  be  used  for  cooking  or  to  drink;  we  made 
but  a  short  halt,  dining  on  a  scanty  allowance  of  roasted  ve- 
nison, which  we  ate  without  bread,  salt,  water,  or  any  thing 
else.  Some  fragments  of  amygdaloid,  were  strewed  along 
the  bed  of  the  stream,  but  we  saw  no  more  of  that  rock,  or 
of  the  other  members  of  the  FloetzTrap  formation  in  place. 
They  may  extend  far  towards  the  southwest,  but  of  this  we 
have  no  conclusive  evidence.  The  aspect  of  these  rocks  par- 
ticularly of  the  amygdaloid  or  toad -stone,  is  so  peculiar,  and 
its  disposition  so  remarkably  dissimilar  to  that  of  the  sand- 
stones, with  which  it  is  associated,  as  strongly  to  suggest  the 
idea  of  a  different  origin. 

In  the  midst  of  one  of  the  violent  storms,  we  encountered 
in  passing  this  trap  formation,  we  crossed  the  point  of  along 
but  low  ridge  of  amygdaloid,  so  singularly  disposed  as  to 
suggest  to  every  one  of  the  party,  the  idea,  that  the  mass 
had  once  been  in  a  fluid  state,  and  that  when  in  that  state  it 
had  formed  a  current,  descending  along  the  bed  of  a  narrow 
ravine,  which  it  now  occupied,  conforming  to  all  the  sinu- 
osities and  inequalities  of  the  valley,  as  a  column  of  semi- 
fluid matter  would  do.  Its  substance  was  penetrated  with 
numerous  vessicular  cavities,  which  appeared  in  some  in- 
stances elongated  in  the  direction  of  the  ridge.  Its  colour  is 
nearly  black;  and  when  two  masses  are  rubbed  together,  they 
emit  a  smell  somewhat  like  the  soot  of  a  chimnev.     These 


92  Expedition  to  the 

appearances  are  so  remarkable,  that  it  is  not  surprising 
these  rocks  should  have  been  considered  of  volcanic  origin, 
and  it  is  this  supposition,  unquestionably,  from  which  has 
originated  the  statement  contained  in  the  late  map  of  the 
United  States,  by  Melish,  that  the  district  about  the  sources 
of  Red  river,  is  occupied  by  volcanic  rocks;  this  information 
having  probably  been  derived  from  the  accounts  of  hunters. 

The  vallies  which  penetrate  into  the  sandstone,  supporting 
the  trap  rocks,  have  usually  a  sandy  soil,  while  that  of  the 
more  elevated  portions,  though  inconsiderable  in  quantity,  is 
not  sandy  nor  intermixed  with  pebbles  or  gravel.  Among  the 
few  scattered  end  scrubby  trees,  met  with  in  this  district,  are 
oaks,  willows,  and  the  cotton-wood;  also  a  most  interesting 
shrub  or  small  tree,  rising  sometimes  to  the  height  of  twelve 
or  fourteen  feet.  It  has  dioiceous  flowers,  and  produces  a  le- 
guminous fruit,  making  in  several  particulars  a  near  approach 
to  Gleditschia,  from  which,  however,  it  is  sufficiently  dis- 
tinguished by  the  form  of  the  legume,  which  is  long  and 
nearly  cylindiric,  and  by  the  seeds,  which  are  enclosed  in 
separate  cells,  immersed  in  a  saccharine  pulp,  but  easily  de- 
tached from  the  valves  of  the  legume.  In  these  particulars 
it  discovers  an  affinity  to  the  tamarind  of  the  West  Indies. 
The  legume  or  pod,  which  is  from  six  to  ten  inches  long, 
and  near  half  an  inch  in  diameter,  contains  a  considerable 
quantity  of  a  sugar-like  pulp,  very  grateful  to  the  taste  when 
ripe.  The  leaves  are  pinnated,  and  the  trunk  beset  with 
spines,  somewhat  like  the  honey  locust,  but  the  spines  are 
simple.  Our  Spanish  interpreter,  informed  us  that  it  is  found 
about  Monterey,  and  in  other  parts  of  the  internal  provinces, 
where  it  must  have  been  noticed  by  Humboldt;  but  we  have 
not  been  able  to  have  access  to  his  account  of  it. 

In  the  afternoon,  we  travelled  thirteen  miles,  descending 
along  the  valley  in  a  southeast  direction.  We  extended  our 
ride  farther  than  we  had  wished;  finding  no  suitable  place 


Rocky  Mountains.  93 

to  encamp.  After  sunset  we  found  a  small  puddle  of  stagnant 
water  in  the  bed  of  the  creek,  which  though  extremely  im- 
pure, was  not  as  bitter  as  that  near  which  we  halted  in  the 
middle  of  the  day.  Neither  wood  nor  bison  dung  could  be 
found,  so  that  being  unable  to  kindle  a  fire,  we  were  com- 
pelled to  rest  satisfied  with  the  eighth  part  of  a  sea  biscuit 
each  for  supper,  that  being  the  utmost  our  supplies  would 
allow.  In  the  afternoon  one  of  our  hunters  had  killed  a  bad- 
ger, which  was  all  the  game  we  had,  and  this  we  were  com- 
pelled to  reserve  until  we  could  make  a  fire  to  cook  it. 

3d.  Little  delay  was  occasioned  by  our  preparations  for 
breakfast.  The  fourth  part  of  a  biscuit,  which  had  been  is- 
sued to  each  man  on  the  preceding  evening,  and  which  was 
to  furnish  both  supper  and  breakfast,  would  have  required 
little  time  had  all  of  it  remained  to  be  eaten,  which  was  not 
the  case.  We  were  becoming  somewhat  impatient  on  account 
of  thirst,  having  met  with  no  water  which  we  could  drink, 
for  near  twenty-four  hours.  Accordingly  getting  upon  our 
horses  at  an  early  hour,  we  moved  down  the  valley,  passing 
an  extensive  tract,  whose  soil  is  a  loose  red  sand,  intermixed 
with  gravel  and  small  pebbles,  and  producing  nothing  but  a 
few  sunflowers  and  sand-cherries  still  unripe.  While  we 
should  remain  upon  a  soil  of  this  description,  we  could  scarce- 
ly expect  to  meet  with  water  or  wood,  for  both  of  which  we 
began  to  feel  the  most  urgent  necessity,  and  as  the  prospect 
of  the  country  before  us  promised  no  change,  it  is  not  sur- 
prising we  should  have  felt  a  degree  of  anxiety' and  alarm, 
which,  added  to  our  sufferings  from  hunger  and  thirst,  made 
our  situation  extremely  unpleasant.  We  had  travelled  greater 
part  of  the  day  enveloped  in  a  burning  atmosphere,  some- 
times letting  fall  upon  us  the  scorching  particles  of  sand 
which  had  been  raised  by  the  wind,  sometimes  almost  suffo- 
cating by  its  entire  stagnation,  when  we  had  the  good  for- 
tune to  meet  with  a  pool  of  stagnant  water,  which  though 
muddy  and  brackish,  was  not  entirely  impotable,  and  afford- 


94  Expedition  to  the 

ed  us  a  more  welcome  refreshment,  than  is  often  in  the  power 
of  abundance  to  supply.  Here  was  also  a  little  wood,  and 
our  badger,  with  the  addition  of  a  young  owl,  which  we  had 
the  good  fortune  to  take,  was  very  hastily  cooked  and  eaten. 

4th.  We  were  still  passing  through  a  barren  and  desolate 
region,  affording  no  game,  and  nearly  destitute  of  wood  and 
water.  Its  soil  is  evidently  the  detritus  of  a  stratum  of  red 
sandstone,  and  coarse  conglomerate,  which  is  still  the  basis 
and  prevailing  rock.  It  appears  to  contain  a  considerable 
proportion  of  lime,  and  fragments  of  plaister-stone  and  Se- 
lenite  are  often  seen  intermixed  with  it. 

Our  morning's  ride  of  sixteen  miles,  brought  us  to  a  place 
where  the  water  of  the  river  emerges  to  view,  rising  to  the  sur- 
face of  that  bed  of  sand,  beneath  which  it  had  been  concealed 
for  a  distance  of  more  than  one  hundred  miles.  The  stream 
was  still  very  inconsiderable  in  magnitude,  the  water  brack- 
ish and  mixed  with  so  large  a  quantity  of  red  earth,  as  to 
give  it  the  colour  of  florid  blood.  The  general  direction  of 
its  course  inclining  still  towards  the  southeast,  we  were  now 
induced  to  believe  it  must  be  one  of  the  most  considerable 
of  the  upper  tributaries  of  Red  river.  A  circumstance  tend- 
ing to  confirm  this  opinion,  was  our  falling  in  with  a  large 
and  much  frequented  Indian  trace  crossing  the  creek,  from 
the  west,  and  following  down  along  the  east  bank.  This 
trace  consisted  of  more  than  twenty  parallel  paths,  and  bore 
sufficient  marks  of  having  been  recently  travelled,  affording 
an  explanation  of  the  cause  of  the  alarming  scarcity  of  game 
we  had  for  some  time  experienced.  We  supposed  it  to  be 
the  road  leading  from  the  Pawnee  Piqua  village,  on  Red 
river  to  Santa  Fe. 

Two  shrubby  species  of  Cactus,  smaller  than  the  great  cy- 
lindric  prickly  pear,  noticed  near  the  Rocky  Mountains,  oc- 
cur in  the  sandy  plains,  we  were  now  traversing.  One  of  these 
which  is  about  four  feet  high,  and  very  much  branched,  has 
long  and  solitary  spines,  a  small  yellow  flower,  and  its  fruit. 


Rocky  Mountains.  95 

which  is  about  as  large  as  the  garden  cherry,  is  very  plea- 
sant to  the  taste.  The  fruit  of  the  C.  ferox,  which  is  also 
found  here,  was  now  ripe,  being  nearly  as  large  as  an  egg, 
and  of  a  deep  purple  colour.  The  jatropha  stimulosa,  a  con- 
gener to  the  manihot  or  Cassada  of  the  West  Indies,  a  cassia, 
an  amorpha,  and  many  new  plants  were  here  added  to  our 
collections. 

A  few  wild  horses  had  been  observed  in  the  course  of  the 
day,  and  towards  evening  one  was  seen  following  the  party, 
but  keeping  at  a  distance.  At  night,  after  our  horses  had  been 
staked  in  the  usual  manner  near  the  camp,  we  perceived  him 
still  lingering  about,  and  at  length  approaching  the  tent,  so 
closely,  that  we  began  to  entertain  hopes  of  capturing  him 
alive.  In  attempting  this,  we  stationed  a  man  with  a  noosed 
rope,  in  the  top  of  a  cotton-wood  tree,  under  which  we  tied 
a  few  of  our  horses,  but  this  plan  did  not  succeed. 

On  the  following  morning,  one  of  our  hunters  fortunately 
discovered  the  same  horse  standing  asleep  under  the  shade 
of  a  tree,  and  having  shot  him,  returned  immediately  to 
camp  with  the  intelligence.  We  had  all  suffered  so  severely 
from  hunger,  and  our  present  want  of  provisions  was  so 
great,  that  we  ate  indiscriminately  and  greedily  of  this  unac- 
customed food,  and  congratulated  each  other  on  the  acquisi- 
tion of  so  seasonable  a  supply.  We  felt  a  little  regret  at 
killing  so  beautiful  an  animal,  who  had  followed  us  several 
miles  on  the  day  before,  and  had  lingered  with  a  sort  of  con- 
fidence about  our  camp;  but  all  our  scruples  yielded  to  the 
admonitions  of  hunger. 

The  day  being  Sunday,  and  the  plain  about  our  camp  af- 
fording a  supply  of  grass  for  our  jaded  horses,  we  resolved 
to  remain  encamped,  seizing  the  opportunity  of  making  ob- 
servations for  latitude,  &c.  The  morning  was  calm  and  clear, 
the  mercury  at  69^  Fah.  For  five  mornings  preceding,  it  had 
been  at  58^  and  in  the  middle  of  each  day  rose  above  90". 
The  moon  was  now  too  near  the  sun  to  admit  of  observations 


96  Expedition  to  the 

by  lunar  distances,  but  the  meridional  altitude  of  the  sun's 
lower  limb,  taken  with  great  care,  and  under  circumstances 
favorable  to  accuracy,  gave  35°  16'  19"  for  the  latitude  of 
our  encampment. 

The  river  bed,  at  this  place,  was  found  by  admeasurement, 
sixty  yards  in  width,  twenty  of  which  were  naked  sand-bar, 
the  remaining  forty  covered  with  water,  having  an  average 
depth  of  about  ten  inches.  The  current  is  moderate,  the  wa- 
ter intensely  red,  having  nearly  the  temperature  and  the 
saltness  of  new  milk.  It  suspends  a  very  considerable  quan- 
tity of  clay,  derived  from  the  cement  of  the  sand-rock,  but 
notwithstanding  its  impurities,  it  is  more  grateful  to  the  taste 
than  any  we  had  met  with  since  leaving  the  mountains,  and 
though  drank  in  large  quantities,  produced  no  unpleasant  ef- 
fect. 

Some  spots  in  the  low  plains  had  here  considerable  fertili- 
ty, depending  probably  in  some  degree  on  the  intermixture 
of  a  large  proportion  of  calcareous  matter,  with  the  soil  re- 
sulting from  the  disintegrated  sand-rock.  Though  no  exten- 
sive formation  of  limestone  appears,  yet  the  sandstone  has 
not  only  in  many  instances  a  calcareous  cement,  but  is  tra- 
versed by  numerous  veins,  both  of  Gypsum  and  carbonate 
of  lime. 

The  occurrence  of  the  elm  and  the  diospyros  indicated  a 
soil  at  least  approaching  towards  one  adapted  to  the  pur- 
poses of  agriculture.  Among  great  numbers  of  interesting 
plants,  we  found  here  a  gentiana,  with  a  flower  much  larger 
than  g.  crinita^  an  orobanche,  probably  the  o.  ludoviciana, 
iV.,  a  new  croton,  an  ipomopsis  and  many  others.  Notwith- 
standing the  scarcity  of  game,  which  we  had  so  long  felt, 
we  daily  saw  numbers  of  antelopes,  with  some  signs  of  bear, 
deer,  and  turkies;  but  these  animals  had  acquired  all  the  vi- 
gilance which  results  from  the  habit  of  being  often  hunted, 
and  the  entire  want  of  thick  foi'ests,  and  even  of  solitary 
trees  or  inequalities  of  the  surface  to  cover  the  approach  of 


Rocky  Mountains,  97 

the  hunter,  rendered  abortive  most  of  our  attempts  to  take 
them. 

The  common  partridge,  (Perdix  virginianus)  was  seen  near 
this  encampment;  also  the  dove,  which  had  never  disappear- 
ed entirely  in  all  the  country  we  had  passed. 

Rising  at  the  customary  hour  on  the  morning  of  the  7th, 
we  perceived  that  a  part  of  our  horses  were  missing.  As  we 
were  apprehensive  they  had  been  stolen  by  Indians,  a  small 
party  was  immediately  sent  to  discover  the  route  they  had 
taken.  Pursuing  along  their  path,  the  men  overtook  them  at 
the  distance  of  two  or  three  miles,  as  they  were  straying  on 
in  search  of  pasture. 

On  leaving  our  camp  we  endeavoured  to  regain  the  trace, 
on  which  we  had  for  several  days  travelled;  but  though  we 
spent  much  time  in  the  search,  and  travelled  several  miles  off 
our  course  we  were  not  able  to  find  it.  This  we  had  occa- 
sion to  regret,  as  the  surface  of  the  country  is  mostly  of  a 
loose  sand,  bearing  tufts  of  wormwood,  and  other  plants,  ren- 
dering the  travelling  difficult  where  there  is  no  road.  In  or- 
der to  shun  the  numerous  ravines  which  now  began  to  occur, 
we  chose  our  route  at  some  distance  from  the  bank  of  the 
river,  where  we  found  the  vallies  deeper  and  more  abrupt, 
though  less  frequent. 

In  the  course  of  our  morning's  ride  of  twenty  miles,  we 
saw  several  gangs  of  wild  horses,  and  with  these  we  distin- 
guished numbers  of  colts  and  some  mules.  In  passing  through 
a  village  of  prairie  dogs,  of  which  we  saw  great  numbers, 
Mr.  Peale  killed  a  burrowing  owl.  The  bird,  though  killed 
instantly,  had  fallen  into  one  of  the  marmot's  burrows,  but 
had  luckily  lodged  within  the  reach  of  the  arm.  On  open- 
ing it,  the  intestines  were  found  filled  with  the  fragments 
of  grasshoppers'  wings,  and  the  hard  parts  of  other  insects. 
We  have  never  been  able  from  examination  to  discover  any 
evidence,  that  these  owls  prey  upon  the  marmots,  whose 
villages  they  infest. 

VOL.  II.  13 


98  Expedition  to  the 

After  proceeding  near  twenty  miles,  we  directed  our  course 
towards  the  river,  which  we  hnd  kept  at  some  distance  on 
our  left.  Arriving  at  it  at  two  o'clock,  we  encamped,  and  sent 
out  the  hunters,  as  we  had  some  hope  of  procuring  a  supply 
of  provisions,  less  repugnant  to  our  prejudices  than  horse- 
flesh; the  hunters,  however,  as  well  as  others  of  the  party, 
spent  the  remaining  part  of  the  afternoon  in  an  unavailing 
search  for  game. 

The  hills,  which  bound  the  immediate  valley  of  the  river 
at  this  place,  have  an  elevation  of  from  one  to  two  hundred 
feet  above  the  surface  of  the  water.  They  are  usually  co- 
vered with  a  deep  sandy  soil,  but  disclose  in  their  sides, 
points  and  precipices  of  red  sandstone,  containing  large 
quantities  of  very  beautiful  Selenite.  The  other  more  com- 
mon varieties  of  sulphate  of  lime,  are  also  of  frequent  oc- 
currence. Crystals  of  carbonate  of  lime,  are  met  with  in 
veins  traversing  the  sandstone. 

In  this  region,  the  cenchrus  tribuloides,  a  most  annoying 
grass,  supplies  the  place  of  the  Cactus  ferox^  and  the 
troublesome  stipas  of  the  Platte.  The  cenchrus  bears  its  seed 
in  small  spikelets,  which  consist  of  a  number  of  rigid  radi- 
ating spines.  These  clusters  of  barbed  thorns  are  detached  at 
the  slightest  touch,  falling  into  our  mockasins,  adhering  to 
our  blankets  and  clothing,  and  annoying  us  at  every  point. 
The  clott-bur,  (Xanthium  strumiarum')  which  had  occur- 
red in  every  part  of  our  route,  began  now  to  ripen  and  cast 
off  its  muricated  fruit,  adding  one  more  to  the  sources  of  con- 
stant molestation. 

A  formidable  centipede,  (Scolopendra)  was  caught  near 
the  camp,  and  brought  in  alive  by  one  of  the  engagees.  It 
was  about  eight  inches  in  length,  and  nearly  three-fourths  of 
an  inch  in  breadth,  being  of  a  flattened  form,  and  of  a  dark 
brown  colour.  While  kept  alive,  it  showed  great  viciousness 
of  disposition,  biting  at  every  thing  which  came  within  its 
reach.  Its  bite  is  said  to  be  venomous. 


Rocky  Mountains,  99 

On  the  morning  cf  the  8th,  we  continued  our  journey, 
crossing  and  recrossing  the  river  several  times.  This  we 
found  necessary,  as  the  occurrence  of  steep  and  rocky  ravines 
made  it  impossible  to  pass  along  the  bank  parallel  to  the 
•course  of  the  river,  which  here  became  more  meandering, 
winding  about  the  points  of  rocky  and  impassable  promon- 
tories. 

Few  trees  occur  along  this  part  of  the  valley,  but  grape- 
vines were  becoming  numerous,  and  some  of  them  loaded 
with  fruit.  Among  these  we  saw  signs  of  the  black  bear,  and 
one  of  these  animals  was  shot  at  but  not  killed.  We  also  saw 
some  recent  tracks  of  bisons,  reviving  us  with  the  hope  of  a 
return  of  the  days  of  plenty.  We  constantly  met  with  the  re- 
mains of  Indian  encampments;  trees  wkhich  had  been  felled 
with  the  tomahawk,  and  other  evidences  that  the  country 
had  been  recently  occupied  by  savages. 

We  passed  in  the  afternoon,  to  a  more  plain  and  fertile 
country  than  that  we  had  for  some  days  been  traversing. 
The  river  valley  became  wide,  and  bounded  on  both  sides 
by  low  and  rounded  hills,  instead  of  abrupt  and  perpendicu- 
lar precipices.  The  general  surface  of  the  country  is  but 
little  elevated  above  the  river,  and  is  nearly  unbroken. 

We  crossed  the  beds  of  several  creeks,  apparently  large 
streams  in  the  wet  season,  but  now  entirely  destitute  of  wa- 
ter. As  yet  we  had  not  crossed  a  single  tributary  discharg- 
ing any  water  into  the  river,  nor  had  we  been  able  to  dis- 
cover any  augmentation  of  the  volume  of  water,  which  ap- 
peared to  have  been  derived  from  tributaries  entering  on 
the  other  side.  The  channels  of  all  the  creeks,  hitherto  ob- 
served, were  beds  of  sand  without  water.  Several  of  these 
*'  dry  rivers,"  which  we  passed  in  the  course  of  the  day, 
have  broad  vallies,  which,  if  we  may  judge  from  a  compa- 
rison with  that  we  were  descending,  must  have  an  extent  of 
more  than  one  hundred  miles,  draining  a  wide  expanse  of 
country  of  the  surplus  water  in  the  rainy   season,  but  re- 


100  Expedition^  fa?c. 

maining  dry  during  great  part  of  the  year.  At  five  o'clock 
we  encamped,  having  travelled  twenty-six  miles  due  east. 
The  hunters  were  immediately  sent  out,  but  returned  with- 
out g?me,  having  seen  nothing. 

A  beautiful  white  flowered  Gaura,*  had  been  for  several 
days  observed  along  the  bank  of  the  river.  It  is  undescribed, 
and  has,  before  flowering,  a  very  distinct  resemblance  to 
common  flax. 


*  G.  linifolia,  Nuttall's  manuscript. 

Stem  erect,  sparingly  branched,  smooth.  Leaves  smooth  sessile,  alter- 
nate linear  lanceolate  entire,  with  the  midrib  translucent.  Flowers  in  a 
terniual  crowded  spike;  after  flowering,  the  spike  extends  itself,  and  in 
the  ripened  fruit  is  scattered.  Nut  triquetrous,  much  shorter  than  the  linear 
bractea. 

The  flowers  are  white,  having  in  the  calyx  a  tinge  of  brownish  purple. 
They  are  about  as  large  as  those  of  G.  coccinnea.  The  plant  is  three  or  four 
feet  high,  the  leaves  small  and  short,  and  the  stem  slender. 

This  is  the  fifth  species  of  Gaura,  we  have  met  with  west  of  the  Mississip- 
pi.   The  G.  biennis  of  the  Eastern  States,  has  not  hitherto  been  found  here. 


CHAPTER  VI. 

^mid  of  Kaskaias — Indian  encampment — Unfriendly  beha" 
viour  of  the  Kaskaias — Some  account  of  their  persons  and 
manners — Salt  plains — Camancias, 

On  the  9th  we  breakfasted  on  the  last  of  the  horse-beef, 
which,  having  been  killed  on  the  5th,  and  the  weather  being 
unusually  warm,  had  suffered  from  long  keeping.  We  ate  it 
cheerfully,  only  regretting  we  had  not  the  prospect  of  any 
thing  as  good  for  dinner.  All  the  marksmen  of  the  party 
were  kept  constantly  out  in  search  of  game,  but  for  several 
days  had  met  with  no  success  in  hunting. 

Our  sufferings  from  want  of  provisions,  and  from  the  ap- 
prehension of  still  more  distressing  extremities,  were  now  so 
considerable,  that  we  gave  little  attention  to  any  object  ex- 
cept hunting.  Unfortunately  for  us,  the  wind  had  been  high 
during  the  morning,  and  had  blown  from  west  to  east,  near- 
ly in  the  direction  of  our  route,  so  that  whatever  animals 
might  have  been  in  the  way,  had  received  early  intimation 
of  our  approach,  and  made  their  escape.  We  were  glad  to 
observe  considerable  numbers  of  prairie  wolves,  and  carrion 
birds,  as  they  afforded  an  almost  certain  indication  of  the 
proximity  of  bisons.  The  recent  tracks  of  a  herd  of  these 
animals  had  been  discovered,  from  which  we  learned  that 
they  had  crossed  the  river  within  a  day  or  two,  in  a  crowded 
and  hurried  manner,  as  if  pursued  by  hunters.  We  pursued 
nearly  the  same  course  during  the  day,  and  halted  for  the 
night  at  a  late  hour,  having  travelled  twenty-eight  miles, 
and  being  much  exhausted  with  fatigue,  hunger,  and  the 
heat  of  the  day,  the  mercury  at  noon  having  stood  at  96*'. 


^^'^  Expedition  to  the 

At  about  ten  o'clock  on  the  morning  following,  the  hun- 
ters, who  had  preceded  the  party,  discovered  on  the  oppo- 
site side  of  the  river,  a  solitary  bison,  of  which  they  went 
immediately  in  pursuit.  The  party  had  made  their  breakfast 
of  about  two  ounces  of  sugar  and  some  grapes,  which  had 
been  found  near  camp,  and  having  been  for  several  days  re- 
duced to  a  scanty  allowance  of  provision,  they  encamped  im- 
mediately, and  awaited  with  great  anxiety  the  return  of  the 
hunters,  who  soon  joined  us  bringing  in  the  greater  part  of 
the  carcass  of  the  bison,  so  extremely  lean  and  ill-flavored 
that  nothing  but  the  most  urgent  necessity  could  have  in- 
duced us  to  taste  it.  It  was  evident  that  the  animal  was  dis- 
eased, and  had  lingered  behind  the  herd  for  want  of  strength 
to  travel.  Our  situation,  however,  afforded  us  not  the  power 
of  choosing,  and  from  the  occurrence  of  this  one  we  were  in- 
duced to  hope  we  should  soon  meet  with  others  in  better  con- 
dition. 

We  had  passed  on  the  preceding  day  for  the  first  time  a 
small  creek  discharging  some  water  into  the  river,  and  short- 
ly afterwards  the  sandy  bed  of  another,  sixty  yards  in  width, 
with  an  extensive  valley,  but  having  no  water  visible  above 
the  sand.  This  morning  we  also  crossed  a  tributary  afford- 
ing a  little  water,  and  a  dry  channel  communicating  opposite 
to  our  encampment  with  the  bed  of  the  river,  which  is  here 
paved  with  small  stones,  occasioning  an  inconsiderable  fall. 
Throughout  the  day  the  weather  was  extremely  warm,  and 
at  sunrise  on  the  following  morning  the  mercury  was  stand- 
ing at  71°. 

We  had  not  proceeded  far  on  our  way,  when  we  disco- 
vered on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river,  a  large  party  of  In- 
dians, approaching  in  an  irregular  and  interrupted  line,  which 
extended  more  than  a  mile,  from  the  opposite  bank.  They 
had,  as  was  evident,  already  discovered  us,  and  their  out- 
riders were  seen  plunging  into  the  river  at  various  points, 
and  several  soon  came  up  to  shake  hands  with  us.  The  fore- 


Rocky  Mountains.  103 

most  scarcely  allowed  themselves  time  to  finish  this  hasty 
ceremony  of  salutation,  when  they  rode  to  reconnoitre  some 
points  of  bushes  and  patches  of  low  grape  vines  on  our  left, 
manifestly  to  ascertain  if  the  whole  strength  of  our  party  was 
collected.  The  main  body  of  the  Indians  crossed  the  river 
more  slowly,  and  as  we  halted  on  an  elevation  near  the  point 
where  they  ascended  the  bank,  the  whole  passed  in  review 
before  us.  They  were  all  on  horseback,  and  the  squaws  and 
children,  composing  by  far  the  greatest  part  of  the  cavalcade, 
passed  us  without  halting.  Every  squaw  appeared  to  have 
under  her  care  a  greater  or  less  number  of  horses,  vihich 
were  driven  before  her,  some  dragging  lodge-poles,  some 
loaded  with  packs  of  meat,  and  some  carrying  children.  We 
were  amused  at  observing  many  small  children,  too  young 
to  be  able  by  their  own  strength  to  sit  on  a  horse,  lashed  by 
their  legs  to  the  saddle,  and  riding  on  in  entire  unconcern. 
As  they  passed  the  deepest  part  of  the  river,  many  of  the 
squaws  stooped  to  fill  their  vessels  with  water.  These  were 
of  the  most  primitive  kind,  being  formed  almost  without  ex- 
ception of  the  stomach  or  bladder  of  a  bison  or  other  ani- 
mal. 

At  length  the  chief,  who  was  one  of  the  last  to  cross  the 
river,  came  up,  and  shaking  us  each  by  the  hand,  with  some 
appearance  of  cordiality,  invited  us  to  accompany  him  a  short 
distance  on  his  route,  to  a  place  where  his  party  would  en- 
camp for  the  remainder  of  the  day  and  the  ensuing  night. 
The  chief  was  accompanied  by  an  old  man,  who  could  speak 
a  little  Spanish,  by  which  language  we  communicated  with 
him.  He  informed  us,  his  band  were  a  part  of  the  tribe  of 
Kaskaias  or  Bad-hearts,  as  they  are  called  by  the  French, 
that  they  had  been  on  an  hunting  excursion  to  the  sources 
of  the  Rio  Brassis  and  the  Rio  Colorado  of  Texas,  and  were 
now  on  their  way  to  meet  the  Spanish  traders,  at  a  point  near 
the  sources  of  the  river  we  were  descending.  They  in  their 
turn  demanded  who  we  were,  whence  and  whither  we  were 


104i  Expedition  to  the 

travelling,  and  were  apparently  satisfied  with  our  answers, 
though  as  afterwards  appeared,  they  did  not  entirely  credit 
what  we  had  told  them  of  the  purposes  of  our  journey. 

To  our  inquiries  concerning  the  river,  they  answered  with- 
out hesitation,  that  it  was  Red  river;  that  at  the  distance 
of  ten  days  travelling,  in  the  manner  of  Indians  with  their 
lodges,  (about  one  hundred  miles)  we  should  meet  with  the 
permanent  village  of  the  Pawnee  Piquas;  that  a  large  band 
of  Camancias  were  hunting  on  the  river  below,  whom  we 
should  fall  in  with  in  two  or  three  days.  Having  describ- 
ed to  them  the  route  we  had  pursued,  and  the  great  and 
frequented  road  on  which  we  had  travelled,  they  said  that 
when  we  were  at  the  point  where  that  road  first  crosses  the 
river,  we  were  three  days  ride  from  Santa  Fe,  which  was 
situated  behind  a  low  and  distant  range  of  hills,  that  we  re- 
membered to  have  seen  from  that  place. 

We  hesitated  a  little  to  comply  with  the  request  of  the 
chief,  enforced  as  it  was  with  some  insolence,  that  we  would 
return  and  encamp  with  his  party:  but  as  we  wished  to  pur- 
chase horses  and  provisions,  and  to  make  the  best  use  of  an 
opportunity  to  become  acquainted  with  the  savages,  we  at 
length  consented.  The  ground  they  chose  for  their  encamp- 
ment, was  a  beautiful  open  plain,  having  the  river  in  front 
and  a  small  creek  on  the  left.  We  were  somewhat  surprised 
to  witness  the  sudden  manner  in  which  this  plain  became 
covered  with  their  tall  conic  lodges,  raised  by  the  squaws,  in 
perfect  silence  and  good  order. 

For  our  accommodation  a  lodge  was  spread,  enclosing  as 
much  space  as  possible  in  a  semi-circular  area,  in  such  a  man- 
ner, that  the  skin  covering  afforded  a  shade,  which  was  all 
the  shelter  needed.  In  order  to  enlarge  this  tent  as  much  as 
possible,  the  covering  was  raised  so  high  upon  the  poles  that 
its  lower  margin  did  not  extend  to  the  ground  by  a  space  of 
several  feet.  To  remedy  this  the  squaws  brought  bushes 
from  a  neighbouring  thicket,  which  they  placed  around  the 


Rocky  Mountains.  105 

base  of  the  lodge,  in  such  a  manner  as  effectually  to  exclude 
the  sunshine.  We  were  sorry  to  find  afterwards  that  this 
had  been  done  not  more  from  motives  of  hospitality,  than  to 
aid  them  in  their  design  of  pilfering  from  our  baggage. 

These  skin  lodges,  are  the  only  habitations  of  the  wan- 
dering savages,  during  all  seasons  of  the  year.  Those 
of  the  Kaskaias  differ  in  no  respect  from  those  we  have 
already  described,  as  used  by  the  Otoes  and  others  of 
the  Missouri  Indians.  The  poles,  which  are  six  or  eight  to 
each  lodge,  are  from  twenty  to  thirty  feet  in  length,  and  are 
dragged  constantly  about  in  all  their  movements,  so  that  the 
trace  of  a  party  with  lodges  is  easily  distinguished  from  that 
of  a  war  party.  When  they  halt  to  encamp,  the  women  im- 
mediately set  up  these  poles,  four  of  them  being  tied  toge- 
ther by  the  smaller  ends,  the  larger  resting  on  the  ground, 
are  placed  so  far  apart  as  to  include  as  much  space  as  the 
covering  will  surround.  The  remaining  poles  are  added  to 
strengthen  the  work  and  give  it  a  circular  form. 

The  covering  is  then  made  fast  by  one  corner  to  the  end 
of  the  last  pole,  which  is  to  be  raised,  by  which  means  it  is 
spread  upon  the  frame  with  little  difficulty.  The  structure 
when  completed  is  in  the  form  of  a  sharp  cone.  At  the  sum- 
mit is  a  small  opening  for  window,  chimney,  &c.,  out  of 
which  the  lodge  poles  project  some  distance,  crossing  each 
other  at  the  point  where  the  four  shortest  are  tied  together. 
The  skin  lodge,  of  which  a  drawing  by  Mr.  Peale  is  annex- 
ed, is  greatly  inferior  in  point  of  comfort,  particularly  in  win- 
ter season,  to  the  spacious  mud  cabins  of  the  settled  In- 
dians. 

The  poles,  necessary  for  the  construction  of  these  move- 
able dwellings,  are  not  to  be  found  in  any  part  of  the  coun- 
try of  the  Kaskaias,  but  are  purchased  from  the  Indians  ot 
the  Missouri,  or  others  inhabiting  countries  more  plentifully 
supplied  with  timber.     We  were  informed  by  Bijeau,  that 

VOL.  II.  14 


106  Expedition  to  the 

five  of  these  poles  are,  among  the  Bad-hearts,  equal  in  value 
to  a  horse. 

The  chief  of  this  band  is  called  the  Red  Mouse.  He  is  of 
large  stature,  is  somewhat  past  the  middle  age  of  life,  and 
no  way  deficient  in  his  person,  and  countenance  of  those  in- 
dications of  strength,  cunning,  and  ferocity,  which  form  so 
important  a  part  of  greatness  in  the  estimation  of  the  Indians. 

Immediately  after  he  had  dismounted,  on  the  halting  of 
his  party,  a  small  wooden  dish  was  brought  him,  containing 
some  water.  He  had  received  a  wound  some  time  before 
apparently  from  an  arrow,  which  had  passed  through  the 
arm.  Placing  the  dish  on  the  grnnnd  before  him,  he  dipped 
his  hand  repeatedly  in  the  water,  then  seizing  a  small  image 
of  an  alligator,  profusely  ornamented  with  white  and  blue 
beads,  he  pressed  it  in  his  hand  with  all  the  strength  of  the 
wounded  arm.  This  we  saw  him  repeat  a  great  number 
of  times.  The  alligator  appeared  to  be  the  great  medicineman. 
which  he  relied  for  the  cure  of  his  wound;  no  dressing  or 
application  of  any  kind  was  made  immediately  to  the  affect- 
ed part. 

As  soon  as  we  had  placed  our  baggage  in  the  tent  provi- 
ded for  us,  we  commenced  negotiations  with  Red  Mouse, 
for  the  purchase  of  horses.  When  the  articles  we  proposed 
to  barter  were  exhibited,  he  appeared  dissatisfied,  supposing 
probably,  we  had  still  others  in  reserve,  which  he  would  be 
able  by  a  little  obstinacy  to  extort  from  us.  He  accord- 
ingly insisted  that  more  of  the  packs  should  be  opened,  and, 
at  last,  undertook  to  extend  his  inquiries  to  our  private  bag- 
gage. This  we  found  it  necessary  to  resist,  and  a  little  scuf- 
fle ensued,  at  which  many  of  the  Indians,  with  a  throng  of 
women  and  children,  who  surrounded  us,  took  fright  and 
ran  off  with  the  utmost  despatch.  They  all  appeared  some- 
what surprised  and  intimidated,  and  the  few  who  remained 
in  our  lodge,  entreated  us  not  to  be  angry  at  the  insolence 
they  had  shown,  saying  we  should  frighten   their  women, 


Rocky  Mountains.  107 

and  that  they  had  mistaken  us  for  traders.  We  had  good 
reasons  for  wishing  not  to  carry  our  resentment  farther  than 
was  necessary,  and  accordingly  relinquished  the  attempt  to 
trade  with  them,  informing  them,  at  the  same  time,  that  we 
were  hungry.  Having  received  us  in  a  friendly  manner,  we 
expected  they  would,  according  to  the  custom  of  most  In- 
dians, have  shown  their  good  will  by  inviting  us  to  a  feast. 
"VVe  had,  therefore,  waited  with  some  impatience  for  their 
good  cheer,  so  long  that  hope  began  to  fail  us.  It  will  be 
recollected  we  had  for  some  daj's  been  almost  in  a  starving 
condition,  and  we  perceived  that  the  Indians  had  very  plen- 
tiful supplies  of  jerked  meat.  In  compliance  -with  our  re- 
peated requests  the  wife  of  Red  Mouse  at  length  brought  us 
a  little  half  boiled  bison  meat,  from  which  we  had  observed 
her  to  select  the  best  pieces,  and  give  them  to  the  children. 
After  we  had  eaten  this  we  returned  the  wooden  dish  on 
which  it  had  been  brought,  at  the  same  time  asking  her  for 
more.  This  second  demand  procured  us  a  little  more  jerked 
meat,  which  came  so  reluctantly,  that  as  our  hunger  was 
now  somewhat  appeased,  we  resolved  to  ask  them  for  no 
more. 

One  of  the  party  having  asked  for  water,  the  paunch  of 
a  bison  was  brought,  containing  three  or  four  quarts,  from 
which  we  all  managed  to  drink,  though  with  some  difficulty. 
Little  care  or  labour  had  been  bestowed  on  the  preparation 
of  this  vessel.  The  papillous  coat,  which  formed  the  internal 
surface  of  the  stomach  of  the  animal,  had  not  been  removed; 
nor  had  it  lost  from  long  use  its  peculiar  smell.  The  organ 
is  suffered  to  retain  its  original  form,  as  far  as  is  consistent 
with  the  uses  to  which  it  is  applied;  one  of  the  orifices  is 
brought  nearly  in  contact  with  the  other,  where  it  is  retain- 
ed by  a  stick  passed  through  the  margin,  the  depending  part 
is  a  sack,  sometimes  large  enough  to  contain  six  or  eight 
gallons.  It  may  well  be  supposed,  practice  is  required  to  en- 
able a  person  to  drink  with  ease  and   adroitness  from  one  of 


108  Expedition  to  the 

these  vessels,  and  the  Indians  appeared  somewhat  amused, 
at  the  awkwardness  of  our  attempts,  in  which  we  spilt  more 
water  in  our  bosoms,  than  was  conveyed  into  our  mouths. 

When  filled,  these  sacks  cannot  be  set  upon  the  ground 
without  suffering  the  loss  of  tiieir  contents.  To  remedy  this 
the  Kaskaias  carry  with  them,  as  an  indispensable  article  of 
furniture,  a  sort  of  tripod  consisting  of  three  light  poles  tied 
together  at  one  end  and  sharpened  at  the  other,"  by  which 
they  are  driven  into  the  ground,  and  the  water-sack  is  sus- 
pended between  them.  One  of  these  was  placed  near  the 
entrance  of  almost  every  lodge  in  this  encampment. 

We  had  scarcely  finished  our  scanty  repast,  when  the  wile 
of  the  Red  Mouse,  showing  her  trencher  to  signify  that  we 
were  her  debtors,  began  to  beset  us  for  presents;  as  we  wei-e, 
however,  little  pleased  with  her  hospitality,  we  treated  her 
demands,  as  she  had  done  ours.  A  number  of  small  ar- 
ticles were  pilfered  from  us,  and  the  Indians  seemed  deter- 
mined to  show  us  little  respect,  until  they  perceived  we  were 
putting  our  guns  in  order  for  immediate  use;  at  this  they 
expressed  some  apprehension,  and  behaved  afterwards  with 
less  rudeness. 

They  had  thirty-two  lodges,  and  were  probably  about 
two  hundred  and  fifty  in  number,  including  men,  women, 
and  children.  Among  these  we  could  number  only  twenty- 
two  armed  men,  and  these  kept  constantly  about  us.  They 
were  armed,  exclusively,  with  bows  and  arrows,  and,  as  we 
believed,  had  some  fear  of  us,  though  we  were  less  than 
half  their  number.  It  was,  probably,  owing  to  our  perceiv- 
ing, or  at  least  appearing  to  perceive  this,  that  we  escaped 
from  them  uninjured.  They  had  many  horses,  probably 
more  than  five  hundred  and  some  of  them  very  good. 

Towards  evening,  the  chief  withdrew  from  our  lodge, 
when  we  observed  his  squaw  prepare  some  food  for  him, 
pounding  the  jerked  meat  to  a  powder,  with  a  stone  pestle, 
using  a  piece  of  skin  instead  of  a  mortar.     When  reduced 


Eockij  Mountains.  109 

to   very   fine    fragments,   it  was  mixed  with  bison  tallow,    a 
little  water  added,  and  the  whole  boiled  together. 

After  the  chief  had  finished  his  meal,  a  council  was  held 
between  all  the  men  of  the  band.  They  met  behind  the  chief's 
lodge,  and  we  were  not  greatly  pleased  to  perceive  that  they 
seemed  anxious  to  conceal  their  meeting  from  us.  At  night 
we  determined  to  collect  all  our  horses,  and  placing  them  as 
near  as  we  could  around  our  lodge,  to  watch  them  until 
morning,  but,  upqn  examimation,  a  few  of  them  only  could 
be  found,  the  remainder,  as  we  believed,  having  been  secret- 
ed by  the  Indians.  The  crowd,  which  had  been  assembled 
about  us  during  the  day,  dispersed,  as  the  evening  advanced, 
and,  at  dark,  all  became  still  in  and  about  the  encampment. 
At  this  time,  the  chief,  whose  lodge  was  near  ours,  standing 
at  the  entrance  of  his  dwelling,  harangued  with  great  vehe- 
mence, in  a  voice  sufficiently  loud  and  clear  to  be  heard  by 
all  his  people,  who  had  now  retired  to  their  several  lodges. 
As  we  had  no  interpreter  of  their  language,  we  could  under- 
stand nothing  of  the  import  of  his  speech.  Every  thing  re- 
mained quiet  during  the  night,  and  as  soon  as  day  dawned 
on  the  following  morning,  a  loud  harangue,  similar  to  that 
iji  the  evening,  was  pronounced  by  the  chief,  and  immediately 
afterwards  the  whole  camp  was  in  motion.  The  lodges  were 
taken  down,  the  packs  placed  upon  the  horses,  and  the  whole 
body  were  in  a  short  time  ready  to  move  off.  As  several  of 
our  horses,  our  kettles,  and  other  articles  of  the  greatest  im- 
portance were  missing,  we  were  unwilling  to  part  from  our 
hosts  in  the  hasty  manner  they  seemed  to  intend.  We  ac- 
cordingly summoned  the  old  Indian  interpreter,  and  made 
our  complaint  and  remonstrance  to  the  chief.  He  told  us 
our  horses  had  strayed  from  the  camp,  and  that  several  of 
his  people  were  then  out,  searching  for  them,  and  made  other 
excuses,  evidently  designed  to  gain  time  until  his  band  could 
move  off.  Perceiving  we  had  no  time  to  lose,  Major  Long 
ordered  horses  and  other  articles  to  be  seized,  correspond- 


110  Expedition  to  the 

ing  to  those  we  had  lost.  This  timely  measure  produc- 
ed the  desired  effect.  Their  \yhole  camp  had  l:)een  some 
time  in  motion  :  the  women  and  children,  with  all  their 
baggage,  except  what  we  had  detained,  had  moved  to  a  con- 
siderable distance,  and  we  found  ourselves,  at  this  unplea- 
sant state  of  the  dispute,  surrounded  by  their  whole  armed 
force.  We  observed  greater  numbers  of  arrows  in  their 
hands  than  on  the  preceding  day,  and  were  not  without  our 
fears  that  they  intended  to  carry  the  dispute,  respecting  our 
horses  and  kettles,  to  greater  lengths  than  we  could  wish. 
We  were,  however,  agreeably  disappointed  to  learn  that  all 
our  lost  property  had  been  found.  It  was  accordingly  restor- 
ed to  us  and  we  parted  from  the  Kaskaias  as  friends. 

The  time  we  spent  with  this  band  of  savages  was  so  short, 
as  to  afford  little  opportunity  of  becoming  acquainted  with 
their  manners.  Their  dress  is  nearly  similar  to  that  of  the 
Pawnees,  but  consists  more  exclusively  of  leather.  The 
women,  instead  of  the  robe,  wear  a  loose  frock  without 
sleeves.  It  has  an  opening  for  the  neck,  large  enough  to  ad- 
mit the  head,  and  descends  from  the  shoulders,  hanging  like 
a  bag  about  the  body,  and  reaching  below  the  knees.  When 
eagerly  engaged  in  their  employments  this  inconvenient  ar- 
ticle of  dress  is  thrown  aside,  and  the  squabbish  person 
of  the  female  savage  is  exposed  to  view,  disfigured  only  by 
a  small  apron  of  leather  worn  round  the  waist.  The  young 
females  appear  in  some  measure,  exempted  from  the  la- 
borious services  performed  by  the  married  women,  and 
consequently,  possess  a  degree  of  lightness  and  elasticity  in 
their  persons,  which  they  soon  lose  after  they  begin  to  bear 
children,  and  subject  themselves  to  the  severe  drudgeries  of  a 
married  life.  Their  breasts  become  so  flaccid  and  pendulous 
that  we  have  seen  them  give  suck  to  their  children,  the  mo- 
ther and  the  child  at  the  same  time  standing  erect  upon  the 
ground.  This  fact  is  sufficient  to  prove  that  they  do  not,  at 
least  in  some  instances,  wean  their  children  at  a  very  early 
age. 


Rocky  Mounta'nis.  Ill 

Like  all  savages,  they  suffer  themselves  to  be  covered  with 
filth  and  vermin,  and  as  among  many  northern  tribes,*  lice  are 
sought  for  and  eaten  with  avidity,  at  least  by  the  women;  not- 
withstanding which,  some  of  the  young  females  are  far  from 
disgusting  in  their  appearance.  They  have  well  turned  fea- 
tures, aquiline  noses,  large  and  regular  teeth,  and  eyes  which, 
though  usually  rather  small,  are  clear  and  brilliant.  In  the 
general  structure  of  their  features,  and  in  the  complexion  of 
their  skins,  they  resemble  the  Missouri  tribes,  being  of  a 
clearer  and  brighter  red,  than  many  of  the  eastern  Indians. 
In  stature  and  in  symmetry  of  body  they  are  inferior  to  the 
Otoes,  Pawnees,  and  most  of  the  Missouri  Indians  who 
reside  in  permanent  villages. 

They  seemed  to  have  had  little  intercouse  with  the  whites, 
as  some  among  them  appeared  to  take  great  pleasure  in  ex- 
hibiting to   their  friends  the   skin  of  our  arms,  which  they 
requested  us  to  show  them  for  that  purpose.     It  was  proba- 
bly by  means  of  a  mistake,  on  the  part  of  one  of  the  inter- 
preters, that  we  received  the  intimation  that  they  had  never 
before  heard  of  such  a  people  as  that  to  which  we  belonged. 
We  saw  among  them   few  articles  of  foreign   production; 
these  they  had,  probably,  received  from  Spanish  traders.    In 
the  whole  encampment  we  saw  but  one  kettle,  which  belong- 
ed to  the  chief,  and  their  great  eagerness  to  steal  our  tin  cups 
and  other    similar    articles,    sufficiently   evinced   that    such 
things  are  scarce,   and  of  great  value  among  them.      They 
have  some  beads,  most  of  which  are  bestowed  in  ornament- 
ing the   dress   of  the   children;   also  some  pewter  and  brass 
rings,  worn  principally  by  the  women.     They  are   acquaint- 
ed  with   the  use  of  tobacco,  and  smoked  with  us  according 
to   the  universal   custom    of  the   Indians,  but  expressed,  by 
signs,  that  they   found    the  smoke  of  unmixed  tobacco  too 
strong  for  them.     One  of  their  young  men,  who  was  in  his 
ordinary  dress  when  we  met  the  party,  visited  us  soon  after 

*  Des.  of  Kamschatka.  p.  507.  ^  Pennant's  Arct.  Zool.  vol.  i.  p.  204. 


112  Expedition  to  the 

we  had  encamped,  dressed  in  leggings  and  breech-clotli, 
with  a  striped  worsted  vest  and  a  silver-headed  bamboo. 

A  child  was  shown  us,  who  spoke  Spanish,  and  who  was 
said  to  be  a  prisoner  from  the  Spanish  settlements;  he  was 
not,  however,  distinguished  from  the  Kaskaias  by  any  diffe- 
rence of  colour  or  of  features.  He  spoke  frequently  of  the 
Christians,  which  convinced  us  that  he  had,  at  least  been 
among  the  half  civilized  Indians  of  New  Mexico,  who  have 
some  acquaintance  with  the  Spanish  language,  and  have 
been  taught  enough  of  the  Christian  religion  to  make  use  of 
the  sign  of  the  cross. 

This  band  of  Kaskaias  frequent  the  country  about  the 
sources  of  the  Platte,  Arkansa,  and  Rio  Del  Norte,  and  ex- 
tend their  hunting  excursions  to  Red  river  and  the  sources 
of  the  Brassis.  The  great  numbers  of  images  of  the  Alliga- 
tor, which  they  wear,  either  as  ornaments,  or  as  amulets  for 
the  cure  or  prevention  of  disease  and  misfortune,  afford  suf- 
ficient proof  of  their  extending  their  rambles  to  districts  in- 
habited by  that  reptile.  These  images  are  of  carved  wood, 
covered  with  leather,  and  profusely  ornamented,  with  beads. 
They  are  suspended  about  the  neck,  and  we  saw  several 
worn  in  this  manner  by  the  children  as  well  as  by  adults.  It 
was  observed,  likewise,  that  the  rude  frames  of  the  looking- 
glasses  carried  by  several  of  the  men,  were  carved  so  as  to 
approximate  towards  the  same  form. 

It  is,  perhaps,  owing  to  their  frequent  exposures  to  the 
stormy  and  variable  atmosphere  of  the  country  about  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  that  these  Indians  are  subjected  to  nume- 
rous attacks  of  rheumatic  and  scrofulous  diseases.  We 
saw  one  old  woman  with  a  distorted  spine,  who  had,  proba- 
bly, suffered  when  young  from   rickets,*     A  young  man  of 

*  BaroQ  Humboldt  saw  no  instance  of  personal  deformity  among-  the 
Chaymas,  the  Caribs,  (be  iVInyscas,  or  the  Mexican,  or  Peruvian  In'.liuas,* 
and  he  thence  concludes,  perhaps  hastily,  "  that  bodily  dfiformities  are 
infinitely  rare  among  those  races  that  have  the  dermoid  system  highly 
coloured."  This  remark  is  not  strictly  applicable  to  ihe  North  American 
Indians,  nor  to  the  highly  coloured  descendants  of  African  races,  now  so 
*  Per?.  Nar,  vol.  iii  p.  233. 


Rocky  Mountains.  113 

a  fine  athletic  frame,  had  his  neck  covered  with  scrofulous 
ulcers.  While  he  was  with  us,  he  was  constantly  endeavour- 
ing to  conceal  with  his  robe  this  afflicting  spectacle.  He  re- 
mained but  a  short  time  amongst  us,  and  did  not  make  his 
second  appearance. 

An  old  man  came  frequently  to  us  with  a  diseased  leg,  in- 
forming us  by  signs  that  it  had  repeatedly  formed  large 
abscesses,  which  had  discharged  much  matter,  and  afterwards 
healed.  His  frequent  applications  to  us  were  made  with  the 
hope  that  we  would  do  something  for  his  relief. 

The  men  of  this  band  wear  the  hair  long,  and  suffer  it  to 
hang  negligently  about  the  shoulders.  Some  of  them  have  a 
braid  behind  which  is  garnished  with  bits  of  red  cloth,  small 
pieces  of  tin,  &c.,  and  descends  nearly  to  the  ground,  being 
sometimes  eked  out  with  the  hair  of  a  horse's  tail.  Among 
the  old  men,  were  several  who  had  suffered  a  number  of 
scattering  hairs  on  the  face  to  become  of  considerable  length, 
a  violation  of  good  manners,  and  a  neglect  of  personal  neat- 
ness, not  often  met  with  among  the  Indians,  and  excusable 
only  in  the  old.  In  their  conduct  towards  us  they  were  guilty 
of  more  rudeness  and  incivility  than  we  had  been  accustom- 
ed to  meet  with  among  the  savages  of  the  Missouri. 

Though  we  saw  much  to  admire  among  this  people,  we 
cannot  but  think  them  among  the  most  degraded  and  miser- 
able of  the  uncivilized  Indians  on  this  side  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  Their  wandering  and  precarious  manner  of  life, 
as  well  as  the  inhospitable  character  of  the  country  they  in- 
habit, precludes  the  possibility  of  advancement  from  the  pro- 
foundest  barbarism.  As  is  common  among  other  of  the  wes- 
tern tribes,  they  were  persevering  in  offering  us  their  women, 
but  this  appeared  to  be  done  from  mere  beastliness  and  the 
hope  of  reward,  rather  than  any  motive  of  hospitality  or  a 

numerous  among  us.  We  saw,  among-  the  Indians  of  the  Mississippi,  se- 
veral instances  of  deformiiy.  Shawiskanan,  a  Sioux,  who  was  exhibit- 
ed at  New  York  and  Philadelphia  in  1822,  is  more  deformed  thaa  any 
white  man  we  remember  to  have  seen. 

VOL.   II.  15 


11 4  Expedition  to  the 

desire  to  show  us  respect.  We  saw  among  them  no  article 
of  food,  except  the  flesh  of  the  bison;  their  horses,  their  arms, 
lodges,  and  dogs,  are  their  only  wealth. 

In  their  marches  they  are  all  on  horseback,  the  men  are 
expert  horsemen,  and  evince  great  dexterity  in  throwing  the 
rope,  taking  in  this  way  many  of  the  wild  horses  which  in- 
habit some  parts  of  their  country.  They  hunt  the  bison  on 
horseback  with  the  bow  and  arrow,  being  little  acquainted 
with  the  use  of  fire  arms.  One  of  them,  who  had  received  a 
valuable  pistol,  from  a  member  of  our  party,  soon  afterwards 
returned  and  wished  to  barter  it  for  a  knife.  They  begged 
for  tobacco,  but  did  not  inquire  for  whiskey.  It  is  probable 
they  have  not  yet  acquired  a  fondness  for  intoxicatingliquors. 

At  eight  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  the  12th,  we  took  our 
leave  of  the  Kaskaias,  having  recovered  from  them  all  the 
articles  they  had  stolen,  except  a  few  ropes,  halters,  and  other 
small  affairs,  which,  not  being  indispensably  necessary  to  us, 
we  chose  to  relinquish,  rather  than  submit  to  a  longer  delay, 
among  a  people  we  had  so  much  reason  to  dislike. 

They  had  shown  a  disposition,  so  far  from  friendly  toward 
us,  that  we  were  surprised  to  have  escaped  without  having 
found  it  necessary  to  use  our  arms  in  self-defence,  and  as  we 
thought  it  by  no  means  improbable  some  of  their  young  men 
might  follow  us  to  steal  our  horses,  we  moved  on  rather 
briskly,  intending  to  travel  as  far  in  the  course  of  the  day 
as  we  conveniently  could. 

The  river  valley  spread  considerably  a  little  below  the 
point  where  we  had  encamped.  In  many  places  we  found  the 
surface  a  smooth  and  naked  bed  of  sand,  in  others  covered 
by  an  incrustation  of  salt,  like  a  thin  ice,  and  manifestly  de- 
rived from  the  evaporation  of  water,  which  had  flowed  down 
from  the  red  sandstone  hills  bounding  the  valley.  These 
hills  were  here  of  moderate  elevation,  the  side  towards  the 
river  being  usually  abrupt  and  naked.  The  sandstone  is  fine, 
of  a  deep  red  colour,  indistinctly  stratified,  and  traversed  in 


Rocky  Mountains.  115 

various  directions  by  veins,  filled  principally  with  sulphate 
of  lime. 

We  had  seen  among  the  Indians,  on  the  preceding  day, 
quantities  of  salt,  in  large  but  detached  crystalline  fragments, 
resembling  the  common  coarse  salt  of  commerce.  It  had  evi- 
dently been  collected  from  some  place  like  the  one  above 
mentioned,  where  it  had  been  deposited  from  solution  in 
water.  When  we  inquired  the  particular  locality,  the  Indians 
pointed  to  the  south,  and  said,  it  was  found  near  the  sources 
of  a  river,  rising  in  that  direction. 

At  the  place  of  our  evening  encampment,  we  saw  the  red- 
necked avoset,  (Recurvirostra  americand)  the  minute  tern, 
(Sterna  minuta)  and  several  other  strand  birds,  which  we 
could  not  approach  near  enough  to  distinguish  the  species. 
There  is  also  a  very  evident  similarity  between  the  plants 
found  here,  and  many  of  those  growing  in  saline  soils  along 
the  sea  coast.  We  see  here  several  species  of  atriplex,  che- 
nopodium,  salsola,  kochia,  and  anabasis,  all  delighting  in  a 
saline  soil,  and  affording  on  analysis  a  greater  proportion  of 
soda,  than  most  inland  plants. 

The  day  had  been  unusually  warm.  During  all  our  mid- 
day halt,  protracted  on  account  of  the  sultriness  of  the  wea- 
ther, to  an  unaccustomed  length,  the  mercury  had  remained 
at  100°,  the  thermometer  being  suspended  in  the  closest 
shade  we  could  find.  It  is  to  be  remarked,  however,  that  in 
almost  every  one  of  the  numerous  instances,  when  the  mer- 
curial column  had  indicated  so  high  a  temperature,  a  fair 
exposure  could  not  be  had.  We  often  found  it  necessary  to 
halt  upon  the  open  plain,  where  the  intensity  of  light  and  heat 
were. much  increased  by  the  reflection  of  the  sun's  rays  from 
the  sand.  The  temperature  indicated  by  the  thermometer 
suspended  in  the  imperfect  shade  of  our  tent,  or  of  a  small 
tree,  was, however, somewhat  lower  than  that  to  which  our  bo- 
dies were  exposed,  and  it  will  be  believed,  our  sufferings  from 
this  source  were  great,  both  on  our  marches  and  Vhile   en- 


1^6  Expedition  to  the 

camped  in  the  middle  of  the  day.  Our  tent  being  too  small 
to  afFord  its  imperfect  shade  to  the  whole  party,  we  some- 
times suspended  blankets,  using  instead  of  poles  our  rifles 
and  gunsticks,  but  the  protection  these  could  afford  against 
the  scorching  glare  of  a  vertical  sun,  was  found  extremely  in- 
adequate. 

At  sunset  we  crossed,  what  annears  to  be,  at  some  seasons 
of  the  year,  the  bed  of  a  large  river,  at  least  two  hundred 
yards  wide,  but  at  this  time  not  a  drop  of  water  was  found 
in  it.  It  has  a  wide  valley,  and  in  every  respect,  but  the 
occasional  want  of  water,  is  a  large  stream.  A  little  beyond 
this  we  encamped  for  the  night,  having  travelled  twenty-eight 
miles. 

13th.  The  course  of  the  river  had  here  become  consider- 
ably serpentine,  so  that  our  route  along  its  valley,  was  of  ne- 
cessity somewhat  circuitous.  Wishing  to  avoid  the  unneces- 
sary travelling  thus  occasioned,  we  turned  off  from  the  river, 
and  ascended  the  hills,  hoping  to  meet  with  an  Indian  trace, 
leading  across  the  country  by  the  most  direct  route.  Our 
search  was,  however  unavailing,  only  affording  us  an  oppor- 
tunity of  examining  a  portion  of  the  country  remote  from 
the  river.  This  we  found  much  broken  with  irregular  hills, 
abrupt  ravines,  and  deep  vallies.  At  10  o'clock  we  met  with 
a  small  stream  of  water,  running  towards  the  river  we  had 
left,  and  crossing  it,  perceived  the  trace  of  a  large  party  of 
mounted  Indians,  which  had  ascended  the  creek  within  a  few 
hours  previous.  We  supposed  them  to  have  been  the  band 
of  Camancias  spoken  of  by  the  Bad-hearts,  and  notwithstand- 
ing we  had  reason  to  entertain  some  fear,  that  they  would 
have  treated  us  no  better  than  the  Kaskaias  had  done,  we 
considered  ourselves  unfortunate,  in  not  having  met  them. 
Much  confusion  and  uncertainty  attends  the  limited  infor- 
mation, hitherto  before  the  public,  concerning  the  wandering 
bands  of  savages,  who  occupy  the  country  between  the  fron- 
tiers of  New  Mexico  and  the  United  States.  Some  who  have 


Rocky  3Iountains.  117 

spoken  of  these  Indians,  seem  to  have  included  several  of  the 
erratic  hordes  already  enumerated,  under  the  name  of  Hie- 
tans  or  Camancias.  From  their  wandering  mode  of  life,  it 
unavoidably  happens,  that  the  same  band  is  met  by  hunters 
and  travellers,  in  different  parts  of  the  country,  at  different 
times,  consequently  they  receive  different  appellations,  and  the 
estimate  of  their  numbers  becomes  much  exaggerated.  Of 
this  band,  we  have  no  other  information  to  communicate,  than 
that  they  appeared,  from  the  tracks  of  their  horses  and  lodge 
poles,  to  have  been  rather  more  numerous  than  the  party  of 
Bad-hearts  we  had  lately  met.  A  recent  grave  was  discover- 
ed by  one  of  our  hunters,  at  no  great  distance  from  the  river, 
in  which  it  was  supposed  one  of  this  band  had  been  buried. 
At  one  end  of  the  grave  was  erected  a  pole  about  ten  feet  in 
length,  crossed  near  the  top  by  another  two  feet  long.  To  the 
foot  of  this  rude  cross  was  tied  a  pair  of  mockasins,  newly 
scaled  and  carefully  prepared  for  the  use  of  the  departed,  in 
that  long  journey,  on  the  road  of  the  dead^  to  which  the  good 
wishes  of  some  friend  had  accompanied  him. 

Where  we  halted  at  noon,  were  some  trees,  and  several  of 
these  were  covered  with  grape  vines,  loaded  with  ripe  and 
delicious  fruit.  The  Osage  plum  was  also  common,  and  now 
beginning  to  ripen.  The  temperature  of  the  air  within  our 
tent,  partially  shaded  by  some  small  trees,  was  sufficiently 
high  to  keep  the  mercury  at  105**  Fah.  From  twelve  o'clock 
to  three  P.  M.  a  suffocating  stillness  prevailed  in  the  air,  and 
we  could  find  no  relief  from  the  painful  glare  of  light,  and 
the  intense  heat,  which  seemed  about  to  reduce  the  scanty 
vegetation  to  ashes. 

In  the  afternoon,  a  thick  grove  of  timber  was  descried  at 
a  distance  below,  and  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river. 
This  cheering  sight  was  like  the  discovery  of  land  to  the 
mariner,  reminding  us  of  the  comparative  comfort  and 
plenty,  which  we  had  learned  to  consider  inseparable  from 
a  forest  country,  and  exciting  in  us  the  hope  that  we  should 


118  Expedition  to  the 

soon  exchange  our  desolate  and  scorching  sands  for  a  more 
hospitable  and  more  favoured  region.  As  this  little  grove 
of  trees,  appearing  to  us  iHce  the  commencement  of  an  im- 
mense forest,  gave  reason  to  expect  we  should  soon  find 
some  small  game,  Mr.  Peale,  with  one  man,  went  forward 
to  hunt.  Soon  after  arriving  at  the  wood,  they  discovered 
a  flock  of  turkies,  and  the  rifleman,  dismounting  to  shoot, 
left  his  mule  for  a  moment  at  liberty.  The  animal  taking  a 
sudden  advantage  of  the  opportunity,  turned  about  and 
made  the  best  of  his  way  out  of  the  wood,  pursued  by 
Mr.  Peale.  This  chase  continued  about  five  miles,  and 
ended  in  putting  the  mule  on  the  recent  trace  of  the  party, 
which  there  v/as  no  reason  to  fear  he  could  be  induced 
to  leave  until  he  had  rejoined  his  companions.  Mr.  Peale 
who  was  exhausted  with  the  pursuit,  followed  slowly, 
and  neglecting  to  pursue  carefully  the  path  of  the  party, 
passed  us,  after  we  had  turned  aside  to  encamp,  still  travel- 
ling on  in  the  direction  of  our  course.  At  dark,  believing 
we  were  still  before  him,  and  knowing  we  must  encamp  near 
the  river,  he  betook  himself  to  the  sandbars,  which  were  now 
naked,  occupying  the  greater  part  of  what  was  sometimes 
the  bed  of  the  stream.  Along  these  he  travelled,  occasional- 
ly discharging  a  pistol,  and  looking  about,  in  constant  ex- 
pectation of  seeing  the  blaze  of  our  evening  fire,  until  the 
moon  began  to  sink  behind  the  hills,  when  finding  the  light 
insufficient  to  enable  him  to  continue  his  search,  he  tied  his 
horse  to  a  tree  and  laid  down  to  wait  the  return  of  daylight. 
At  camp  guns  were  discharged,  as  large  a  fire  kindled  as 
we  could  find  the  means  of  making,  and  other  measures  taken 
to  give  him  notice  of  our  position,  and  late  in  the  evening, 
the  man,  whose  mule  had  been  the  occasion  of  the  accident, 
joined  us,  but  was  unable  to  give  any  account  of  Mr.  Peale, 
or  the  mule,  which  had,  however,  arrived  before  him.  At 
seven  o'clock,  on  the  morning  following,  Mr.  Peale  returned 
to  us,  having  convinced  himself,  by  a  careful  examination  of 


Rocky  Mountains,  119 

the  river  valley,  that  we  were  still  above.  He  accordingly 
retraced  his  course,  until  he  discovered  the  smoke  of  our 
encampment.  He  had  been  much  harassed,  in  the  night,  by 
mosquitots;  and  bisons  having  recently  occupied  the  shade 
of  the  tree  under  which  he  slept,  the  place  afforded  as  little 
refreshment  for  the  horse  as  for  himself.  Delaying  a  little  to 
allow  him  time  to  make  amends  for  his  long  abstinence,  we 
left  our  camp  at  a  later  hour  than  usual,  and  moving  along 
a  wide  and  somewhat  grassy  plain,  halted  to  dine  near  an 
old  Indian  breast- work,  by  the  side  of  a  grove  of  cotton- 
wood  trees,  intermixed  with  a  few  small-leaved  elms.  This 
breast-work  is  built  like  that  discovered  on  the  Platte,  a  few 
days  march  above  the  Pawnees.  We  have  met  with  the  re- 
mains of  similar  works  in  almost  every  grove  of  trees  about 
the  base  of  the  mountains.  Near  some  of  them,  we  noticed 
holes  dug  a  few  feet  into  the  ground,  probably  as  caches  or 
depositaries  of  provision,  the  earth  which  was  raised  having 
been  removed  to  a  distance,  or  thrown  into  the  river  that 
that  it  might  not  lead  to  the  discovery  of  the  concealed  arti- 
cles. We  sometimes  saw  large  excavations  of  this  kind, 
having  an  entrance  comparatively  small,  and  so  placed  as  to 
be  easily  concealed,  made  by  white  hunters,  to  hold  their 
furs,  and  whatever  else  they  might  wish  to  deposit  in  safe 
keeping. 

The  occurrence  of  the  elm,  the  phytolacca,  the  cephalan- 
thus,  and  other  plants,  not  met  with  in  a  desert  of  sand, 
gave  us  the  pleasing  assurance  of  a  change  we  had  long 
been  expecting  in  the  aspect  of  the  country.  The  blue 
jay,  the  purple  martin,  a  deer,  and  some  turkies  were 
also  seen  near  this  encampment.  The  bed  of  the  river  is 
here,  eight  hundred  yards  wide,  but  the  quantity  of  water 
visible  is  much  less  than  in  some  places  above.  The  mag- 
netic variation,  ascertained  at  this  camp,  was  12^  30'  east. 


CHAPTER  VII. 

Sand  plains— Mississippi  hawk  —  Small-leaved  elm — Wild 
horses — Hail  storm  —  Climate — Bisons  —  Grapes  —  Red- 
sand  formation — Gypsum. 

Extensive  tracts  of  loose  sand,  so  destitute  of  plants  and 
so  fine  a$  to  be  driven  by  the  winds,  occur  in  every  part  of 
the  saline  sandstone  formation  southwest  of  the  Arkansa. 
They  are,  perhaps,  invariably  the  detritus  of  the  sand-rock, 
deposited  in  vallies  and  depressions  where  the  rapidity  of  the 
currents  of  water  has  been  checked  by  permanent  obstacles. 
1  his  loose  sand  differs  in  colour  from  the  sandstone,  which 
is  almost  invariably  red.  The  difference  may  have  been  pro- 
duced simply  by  the  operation  of  water  suspending  and  re- 
moving the  light  colouring  matter,  no  longer  retained  by  the 
aggregation  of  the  sandstone.  These  fields  of  sand  have 
most  frequently  an  undulated  surface,  occasioned,  probably, 
not  less  by  the  operation  of  winds  than  by  the  currents  of 
water.  A  few  plum  bushes,  almost  the  only  woody  plants 
found  on  them,  wherever  they  take  root  form  points,  about 
which  the  sand  accumulates,  and,  in  this  manner,  permanent 
elevations  are  produced.  The  yucca  angustifolia  and  the 
shrubby  cactus,  the  white  argemone,  and  the  night-flowering 
Bartonia,  are  the  most  conspicuous  plants  in  these  sandy 
wastes. 

Our  course,  on  the  15th,  led  us  twice  across  the  bed  of 
the  river,  which  we  found  one  thousand  and  four  hundred 
paces  in  width,  and  without  water,  except  in  a  few  small 
pools  where  it  was  stagnant.  This  wide  and  shallow  bed  is 
included  between  low  banks,  sometimes  sloped  gradually 


Expedition,  tfc.  121 

and  sometimes,  though  rarely,  perpendicular,  and  rising 
scarcely  more  than  four  feet  from  the  common  level  of  the 
bottom  of  the  channel.  Driftwood  is  occasionally  seen  with- 
out these  banks,  at  an  elevation  of  a  few  feet  above  them,  af- 
fording evidence  that  they  are,  at  times,  not  only  full  bxit 
overflowed.  Whenever  they  are  but  partially  filled  it  is  easy 
to  see  that,  what  for  a  great  part  of  the  year  is  a  naked  sand- 
beach,  then  becomes  a  broad  and  majestic  river.  It  must 
flow  with  a  rapid  current,  and,  in  floods,  its  waters  cannot 
be  otherwise  than  of  an  intense  red  colour.  The  immediate 
valley  of  the  river  had  now  become  little  less  than  two  miles 
in  width,  and  had,  in  some  places,  a  fertile  soil.  This  hap- 
pens wherever  places  occur  having  little  elevation  above  the 
bed  of  the  river,  and  which  have  not  recently  been  covered 
with  drifted  sand. 

Several  species  of  locust  were  extremely  frequent  here, 
filling  the  air  by  day  with  their  shrill  and  deafening  cries, 
and  feeding  with  their  bodies  great  numbers  of  that  beauti- 
ful species  of  hawk,  the  Falco  Mississippiensis  of  Wilson.  It 
afforded  us  a  constant  amusement  to  watch  the  motions  of 
this  greedy  devourer,  in  the  pursuit  of  the  locust  his  favorite 
prey.  The  insect  being  large  and  not  very  active  is  easily 
taken;  the  hawk  then  poises  on  the  wing,  suspending  him- 
self in  the  air,  while  with  his  talons  and  beak  he  tears  in 
pieces  and  devours  his  prey. 

Prairie  wolves,  and  vultures,  occurred  in  unusual  num- 
bers, and  the  carcasses  of  several  bisons,  recently  killed,  had 
been  seen.  We  could  also  distinguish  the  recent  marks  of 
a  hunting  party  of  Indians,  the  tracks  of  horses  and  men 
being  still  fresh  in  the  sand.  At  four  P,  M.  several  bi- 
sons were  discovered  at  a  distance,  and,  as  we  were  in 
the  greatest  want  of  provisions,  we  halted  and  sent  the 
hunters  in  pursuit,  and,  being  soon  apprised  of  their  suc- 
cess, the  requisite  preparations  were  made  for  jerking  the 
meat.     Near  our  camp   was   a   scattering  grove    of  small- 

VOL.    II.  1(5 


122  Expedition  to  the 

leaved  elms.  This  tree  (the  Ulmus  alata^  N.)  is  not  known 
in  the  Eastern  States,  but  is  common  in  many  parts  of  Ten- 
nessee, Missouri,  and  Arkansa.  When  found  in  forests  in- 
termixed with  other  trees,  it  is  usually  of  a  smaller  size  than 
the  Ulmus  Americana,  and  is  distinguished  from  it  by  the 
smallness  of  the  leaves  and  the  whiteness  of  the  trunk.  On 
the  borders  of  the  open  country,  where  large  trees  often 
occur  entirely  isolated,  the  Ulmus  alata  has  decidedly  a 
more  dense  and  flattened  top  than  any  other  tree  we  have 
seen.  When  standing  entirely  alone,  it  rarely  attains  an 
elevation  of  more  than  thirty  or  thirty-five  feet,  but  its 
top,  lying  close  to  the  ground,  is  spread  over  an  area  of 
sixty  or  seventy  feet  in  diameter,  and  is  externally  so  close 
and  smooth  as  to  resemble,  when  seen  from  a  distance,  a 
smdl  grassy  hillock. 

Near  our  camp  was  a  circular  breast-work,  constructed 
like  those  already  mentioned,  and  large  enough  to  contain 
eighty  or  an  hundred  men.  We  were  not  particularly  pleas- 
ed at  meeting  these  works  so  frequently,  as  they  indicate 
a  country  subject  to  the  incursions  and  ravages  of  Indian 
war  parties, 

16th.  The  greater  part  of  the  flesh  of  the  bison,  killed 
on  the  preceding  evening,  had  been  dried  and  smoked  in 
the  course  of  the  night,  so  that  we  had  now  no  fear  of 
immediate  suffering  from  hunger,  having  as  much  jerked 
meat  as  was  sufficient  to  last  several  days. 

The  sky  continued  clear,  but  the  wind  was  high,  and  the 
drifting  of  the  sand  occasioned  much  annoyance.  The  heat 
of  the  atmosphere  became  more  intolerable,  on  account  of 
the  showers  of  burning  sand  driven  against  us,  with  such 
force  as  to  penetrate  every  part  of  our  dress,  and  proving  so 
afflictive  to  our  eyes,  that  it  was  with  the  greatest  difficulty 
we  could  see  to  guide  our  horses.  The  sand  is  carried  from 
the  bed  of  the  river,  which  is  here  a  naked  beach,  of  more 
than  half  a  mile  wide,  and  piled  in  immense  drifts  along  the 
bank.  Some  of  these  heaps  we  have  seen  covering  the  trunk 


Rocky  Mountains.  1S3 

and  a  portion  of  the  upper  branches,  of  what  appeared  to  be 
large  trees.  Notwithstanding  we  were  now  three  hundred 
miles  distant  from  the  sources  of  the  river,  we  found  very 
little  water,  and  that  being  stagnant  and  frequented  by  bi- 
sons and  other  animals,  was  so  loathsome,  both  to  sight  and 
small,  that  nothing  but  the  most  incontrollable  thirst,  could 
have  induced  us  to  taste  it. 

At  a  short  distance  below  the  place  of  our  encampment, 
we  passed  the  confluence  of  a  large  creek,  entering  from  the 
southwest.  Though  like  all  the  streams  of  this  thirsty  region  . 
its  waters  were  entirely  hid  in  the  sand,  yet  it  is  evidently 
the  bed  of  a  large  tributary;  from  its  direction,  we  conclude 
it  can  be  no  other  than  the  one  on  which  the  Kaskaias  in- 
formed us  they  had  encamped  the  night  before  we  met  them, 
its  name,  if  it  have  any  among  the  Indians  or  Spaniards,  we 
have  not  learned. 

We  had  for  some  days  observed  a  few  wild  horses,  and 
they,  as  well  as  the  bisons,  were  now  becoming  numerous. 
In  the  habits  of  the  wild  horse,  we  find  little  unlike  what  is 
seen  in  the  domestic  animal.  He  becomes  the  most  timorous 
and  watchful  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  wilderness.  They  show 
a  similar  attachment  to  each  others'  society,  though  the  males 
are  occasionally  found  at  a  distance  from  the  herds.  It  would 
appear  from  the  paths  we  have  seen,  that  they  sometimes 
perform  long  journies,  and  it  may  be  worthy  of  remark,  that 
along  these  paths  are  frequently  found  very  large  piles  of 
horse-dung  of  different  ages,  affording  sufficient  evidence  that 
this  animal  in  a  wild  state,  has,  in  common  with  some  others, 
an  inclination  to  drop  his  excrement  where  another  has  done 
so  before  him.  This  habit  is  sometimes  faintly  discovered  in 
the  domestic  horse. 

As  we  were  about  to  halt  for  dinner,  a  male  bison  which 
had  lingered  near  our  path  was  killed,  but  the  flesh  was  found 
in  too  ill  a  condition  to  be  eaten,  as  is  the  case  with  all  the 
bulls  at  this  season. 


124  Expedition  to  the 

Soon  after  we  had  mounted  our  horses  in  the  afternoon,  a 
violent  thunder  storm  came  on  from  the  northwest.  Hail  fell 
in  such  abundance  as  to  cover  the  surface  of  the  ground,  and 
some  of  the  hailstones,  which  we  examined,  were  near  an 
inch  in  diameter.  Falling  with  a  strong  wind,  these  heavy 
masses  struck  upon  our  bodies  with  considerable  violence. 
Our  horses,  as  they  had  done  on  a  similar  occasion  be- 
fore, refused  to  move,  except  before  the  wind.  Some  of  the 
mules  turned  off  from  our  course,  and  had  run  more  than 
half  a  mile  before  they  could  be  overtaken.  For  ourselves, 
we  found  some  protection,  by  wrapping  our  blankets  as  loose- 
ly as  possible  around  our  bodies,  and  waited  for  the  cessa- 
tion of  the  storm,  not  without  calling  to  mind  some  instances 
on  record,  of  hailstones,  which  have  destroyed  the  lives  of 
men  and  animals.  It  is  not  improbable,  that  the  climate  of  a 
portion  of  country,  within  the  range  of  the  immediate  influ- 
ence of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  may  be  morestibject  to  hail- 
storms in  summer,  than  other  parts  of  the  continent,  lying  in 
the  same  latitude.  The  radiation  of  heat  from  so  extensive  a 
surface  of  naked  sand,  lying  along  the  base  of  this  vast  range 
of  snowy  mountains,  must  produce  great  local  inequalities  of 
temperature:  the  diminished  pressure  of  the  atmosphere,  and 
the  consequent  rapidity  of  evaporation,  may  in  these  elevated 
regions  also  be  supposed  to  have  an  important  influence  on 
the  weather.  We  have  not  spent  sufficient  time  in  the  coun- 
try near  the  eastern  border  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  to  enable 
us  to  speak  with  confidence  of  the  character  of  its  climate. 
It  is,  however,  sufficiently  manifest  that  in  summer  it  must 
be  extremely  variable,  as  we  have  found  it;  the  thermometer 
often  indicating  an  increase  of  near  fifty  degrees  of  tempera- 
ture, between  sunrise  and  the  middle  of  the  day.  These  ra- 
pid alternations  of  heat  and  cold  must  be  supposed  to  mark 
a  climate  little  favourble  to  health,  though  we  may  safely  as- 
sert that  this  portion  of  the  country  is  exempt  from  the  ope- 
ration of  those  causes,  which  produce  so  deleterious  an  at- 


Rocky  Mountains.  125 

mosphere  in  the  lower  and  more  fertile  portions  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi basin.  If  the  wide  plains  of  the  Platte,  the  upper 
Arkansa,  and  the  Red  river  of  Louisiana,  should  ever  be- 
come the  seat  of  a  permanent  civilized  population,  the  dis- 
eases most  incident  to  such  a  population,  will  probably  be 
fevers  attended  with  pulmonary  and  pleuritic  inflammations, 
rheumatism,  scrofula,  and  consumption.  It  is  true  that  few 
if  any  instances  of  pulmonary  consumption,  occur  among  the 
Indians  of  this  region;  the  same  remark  is  probably  as  true 
of  the  original  native  population  of  New  York  and  New  Eng- 
land. 

Though  much  rain  fell  during  this  storm,  it  was  so  rapid- 
ly absorbed  by  the  soil,  that  little  runnmg  water  was  to  be 
seen.  The  bed  of  the  river  was  found  smooth  and  unobstruct- 
ed, and  afforded  us  for  several  days  the  most  convenient 
path  for  travelling.  As  we  descended,  we  found  it  to  expand 
in  some  places  to  a  width  of  near  two  miles.  Bisons  became 
astonishingly  numerous,  and  in  the  middle  of  the  day  count- 
less thousands  of  them  were  seen,  coming  in  from  every 
quarter  to  the  st?>gnant  pools,  which  filled  the  most  depress- 
ed places  in  the  channel  of  the  river.  The  water  of  these 
was  of  course  too  filthy  to  be  used  in  cooking  our  meat,  and 
though  sometimes  compelled  to  drink  it,  we  found  little  al- 
leviation to  our  thirst.  At  our  encampments  we  were  able 
to  furnish  ourselves  with  water  of  a  better  quality  by  digging 
in  the  sand,  where  we  seldom  failed  to  meet  with  a  supply 
at  a  few  feet  from  the  surface. 

On  the  1 7th  we  halted  in  the  middle  of  the  day  to  hunt, 
as,  although  we  had  killed  several  bisons  on  our  marches  of 
the  preceding  days,  none  of  them  had  been  found  in  good 
condition.  The  flesh  of  the  bulls  in  the  months  of  August 
and  September,  is  poor  and  ill-flavoured;  but  these  are  much 
more  easily  killed  than  the  cows,  being  less  vigilant,  and 
sometimes  suffering  themselves  to  be  overtaken  by  the  hun- 
ter without  attempting  to  escape.  As  the  herds  of  cows  were 


126  Expedition  to  the 

now  seen  in  great  numbers,  we  halted  and  the  hunters  went 
out  and  killed  several.  Our  camp  was  on  the  southwest  side 
of  the  river,  under  a  low   bluff,  which  separates  the  half 
wooded  valley  from  the  open  and  elevated  plains.  The  small 
elms  along  this  valley  were  bending  under  the  weight  of  in- 
numerable grape  vines,  now  loaded  with  ripe  fruit,  the  pur- 
ple clusters  crouded  in  such  profusion  as  almost  to  give  co- 
louring to  the  landscape.     On  the  opposite  side  of  the  river 
was  a  range  of  low  sand  hills,  fringed  with  vines,  rising  not 
more  than  a  foot  or   eighteen  inches  from  the   surface.     On 
examination  we  found  these  hillocks  had  been  produced,  ex- 
clusively by  the  agency  of  the  grape  vines  arresting  the  sand, 
as  it  was  borne  along  by  the  wind,  until  such  quantities  had 
been  accumulated  as  to  bury  every  part  of  the  plant  except 
the  ends  of  the  branches.   Many  of  these  were  so  loaded  with 
fruit,  as  to  present  nothing  to  the  eye  but  a  series  of  clusters 
so  closely  arranged  as  to  conceal  every  part  of  the  stem.  The 
fruit  of  these  vines  is   incomparably  finer  than  that  of  any 
other,  either  native  or  exotic,  which  we  have  met  with  in  the 
United  States.  The  burying  of  the  greater  part  of  the  trunk, 
with  its  larger  branches,  produces  the  effect  of  pruning,  in  as 
much  as  it  prevents  the  unfolding  of  leaves  and  flowers  on 
the  parts  below  the  surface,  while  the  protruding  ends  of  the 
branches   enjoy  an  increased  degree  of  light  and  heat  from 
the  reflection  of  the  sand.    It  is  owing  undoubtedly  to  these 
causes   that  the  grapes  in  question  are  so  far  superior  to  the 
fruit  of  the  same  vines  in  ordinary  circumstances. 

The  treatment  here  employed  by  nature  to  bring  to  per- 
fection the  fruit  of  the  vine  may  be  imitated,  but  without 
the  same  peculiarities  of  soil  and  exposure,  can  with  difficulty 
be  carried  to  the  same  magnificent  extent.  Here  are  hun- 
dreds of  acres  covered  with  a  surface  of  moveable  sand,  and 
abounding  in  vines,  placed  in  more  favorable  circumstances, 
by  the  agency  of  the  sun  and  the  winds,  than  it  is  in  the 
power  of  man,  to  afford  to  so  great  an  extent.    We  indulged 


Rocky  Mountains.  127 

ourselves  to  excess,  if  excess  could  be  committed  in  the  use 
of  such  delicious  and  salutary  fruit,  and  invited  by  the  clean- 
ness of  the  sand,  and  a  refreshing  shade,  we  threw  ourselves 
down,  and  slept  away  with  unusual  zest,  a  few  of  the  hours 
of  a  summer  afternoon. 

Our  hunters  had  been  as  successful  as  could  be  wished, 
and  at  evening  we  assembled  around  a  full  feast  of  "  marrow 
bones,"  a  treat  whose  value  must  forever  remain  unknown 
to  those  who  have  not  tried  the  adventurous  life  of  the  hun- 
ter. We  were  often  surprised  to  witness  in  ourselves  a  proof 
of  the  facility,  with  which  a  part  at  least  of  the  habits  of  the 
savage  could  be  adopted.  Having  been  in  several  instances 
compelled  to  practice  a  tedious  abstinence,  the  return  of 
plenty  found  us  well  disposed  to  make  amends  for  these  tem- 
porary privations,  and  we  lingered  almost  involuntarily  at 
every  meal,  as  if  determined  not  only  to  make  amends  for 
the  deficiency  of  the  past,  but  to  secure  so  ample  a  supply 
as  would  enable  us  to  defy  the  future. 

The  grapes  and  plums,  so  abundant  in  this  portion  of  the 
country,  are  eaten  by  turkies  and  black  bears,  and  the  plums 
by  wolves,  as  we  conclude  from  observing  plumstones  in  the 
excrement  of  these  animals.  It  is  difficult  to  conceive  whence 
such  numbers  of  predatory  animals  and  birds,  as  exist  in 
every  part  of  the  country  where  the  bisons  are  present,  can 
derive  sufficient  supplies  for  the  sustenance  of  life;  it  is 
indeed  sufficiently  evident,  their  existence  is  but  a  protrac- 
tion of  the  sufferings  of  famine. 

The  great  flowering  hibiscus  is  here  a  conspicuous  and 
highly  ornamental  plant,  among  the  scattering  trees  in  the 
low  ground.  The  occurrence  of  the  black  walnut  for  the  first 
time,  since  we  left  the  Missouri,  indicated  a  soil  somewhat 
adapted  to  the  purposes  of  agriculture.  Portions  of  the  liver 
valley,  which  are  not  covered  with  loose  sand,  have  a  red 
soil,  resulting  from  the  disintegration  of  the  prevailing  rocks, 
red  sandstone  and  gypsum,  intermixed  with  clay,  and  are 
covered, with  a  dense  growth  of  fine  and  nutritious  grasses. 


128  Expeditio7i  to  the 

Extensive  tracts  of  the  great  woodless  plain,  at  a  distance 
from  the  river,  appear  to  be  based  on  a  naore  compact  varie- 
ty of  sandstone,  usually  of  a  dark  gray  colour,  and  less  per- 
vious to  water  than  the  red.  For  this  reason  some  copious 
springs  are  found  upon  it,  and  a  soil  by  no  means  destitute 
of  fertility,  yielding  sustenance  to  inconceivable  numbers  of 
herbivorous  animals,  and  through  them  to  innumerable  birds 
and  beasts  of  prey.  It  must  be  supposed,  however,  that  the 
herds  of  bisons,  daily  seen  about  the  river,  range  over  a  much 
greater  extent  of  country  than  was  comprised  within  our  li- 
mited views;  the  want  of  water  in  many  places,  may  compel 
them  to  resort  frequently  to  the  river  in  dry  weather,  though 
at  other  times  they  may  be  dispersed  in  the  high  plains. 

18th.  In  speaking  of  a  country,  whose  geography  is  so  lit- 
tle known,  as  that  of  the  region  southwest  of  the  Arkansa, 
we  feel  the  want  of  ascertained  and  fixed  points  of  reference. 
Were  we  to  designate  the  locality  of  a  mineral  or  any  other 
interesting  object,  as  twenty  or  thirty  days'  journey  from 
the  Rocky  Mountains,  we  should  do  nearly  all  in  our  pow- 
er; yet  this  sort  of  information  would  probably  be  thought 
vague  and  useless.  The  smaller  rivers  of  this  region  have  as 
yet  received  no  names  from  white  hunters;  if  they  have  names 
among  the  Indians  these  are  unknown  to  us.  There  are  no 
mountains,  hills,  or  other  remarkable  objects,  to  serve  as 
points  oi  reckonings  nearer  than  the  Rocky  Mountains  and  the 
Arkansa.  The  river  itself,  which  we  supposed  to  be  the  Red 
river  of  Natchitoches,  is  a  permanent  land  mark,  but  it  is  a 
line,  and  aids  us  only  in  one  direction  in  our  attempts  to  de- 
signate locality.  The  map  accompanying  this  work  was  pro- 
jected in  conformity  to  the  results  of  numerous  astronomical 
observations  for  latitude  and  longitude,  but  many  of  these 
observations  were  made  at  places,  not  at  present  to  be  known 
by  any  names  we  might  attempt  to  fix  upon  them.  More  exten- 
sive and  minute  examination,  than  we  have  been  able  to  be- 
stow, might  establish  something  like  a   sectional    division, 


Rocky  Mouiitains.  129 

founded  on  the  distribution  of  certain  remarkable  plants.  The 
grt-at  cylindric  cactus,  the  American  colycinth,  (Cucumis 
perennifi,)  and  the  small-ltaved  elm,  might  be  used  in  such 
an  attempt,  but  it  is  easy  to  see  that  the  advantages  resulting 
from  it,  woiild  be  for  the  most  part  imaginary. 

Discussions  of  this  sort  have  been  much  insisted  on,  and 
may  be  important  as  aiding  in  the  geography  of  climates  and 
soils,  but  can  afford  little  assistance  to  topography. 

The  geological  features  of  the  region  under  consideration, 
afford  some  foundation  for  a  natural  division,  but  this  divi- 
sion must  be  so  extremely  general,  as  to  afford  little  satis- 
faction. We  could  only  distinguish  the  red  sandstone,  the 
argillaceous  sandstone,  and  the -trap  districts,  and  though 
each  of  these  have  distinctive  characters,  not  easy  to  be  mis- 
taken, they  are  so  irregular  in  form  and  position,  as  to  be  in 
no  degree  adapted  to  aid  in  the  description,  and  identifying 
of  particular  places.  On  the  contrary  it  is  to  be  regretted, 
there  are  no  established  points,  to  which  we  might  refer,  in 
communicating  what  we  have  observed  of  the  position  of 
these  formations,  and  indicating  the  particular  localities  of 
some  of  the  valuable  minerals  they  contain. 

The  red  sandstone,  apparently  the  most  extensive  of  the 
rocky  formations  of  this  region,  shows,  wherever  it  occurs, 
indications  of  the  presence  of  muriate  of  soda,  and  almost 
as  commonly  discloses  veins  and  beds  of  sulphate  of  lime. 
This  substance  had  been  growing  more  and  more  abundant, 
since  we  left  the  region  of  the  trap  rocks  at  the  sources  of 
the  river.  It  was  now  so  frequent  as  to  be  conspicuous  in  all 
the  exposed  portions  of  the  sand-rock,  and  was  often  seen 
from  a  distance  of  several  miles.  It  occurs  under  various 
forms;  sometimes  we  met  with  the  most  beautiful  selenite, 
disposed  in  broad  reticulating  veins,  traversing  the  sand- 
stone. The  granular  and  fibrous  varieties,  whose  snowy  white- 
ness contrasts  strongly  with  the  deep  red  and  brown  of  the 
sandstone,  are  sometimes  seen  in  thin  horizontal  laminae,  or 

VOL.  11.  17 


ISO  Expedition  to  the 

scattered  about  the  surface,  sometimes  included  in  larger 
masses  of  the  common  amorphous  plaister  stone.  This  last 
IS  usually  of  a  colour  approaching  to  white,  but  the  exposed 
surfaces  are  more  or  less  tinged  with  the  colouring  matter 
of  the  sand-rock,  and  all  the  varieties  are  so  soft  as  to  dis- 
integrate rapidly,  when  exposed  to  the  air.  Recent  surfaces 
show  no  ferruginous  tinge,  in  other  words,  this  colour  dees 
not  appear  to  have  been  contemporaneous  to  the  formation 
of  the  sulphate  of  lime,  but  derived  from  the  cement  of  the 
sandstone,  and  to  have  penetrated  no  farther  than  it  has 
been  carried  by  the  infiltration  of  water. 

We  left  our  encampment  at  five  o'clockj  the  morning  fair; 
thermometer  at  62*'.  Our  courses,  regulated  entirely  by 
the  direction  of  the  river,  were  north,  fifty-five  east,  eleven 
miles,  then  north,  ten  east,  seven  miles,  in  all  eighteen  miles 
before  dinner.*  The  average  direction  of  our  course,  for 
some  days,  had  been  rather  to  the  north  than  south  of  east. 
This  fact  did  not  coincide  with  our  previous  ideas  of  the 
direction  of  Red  River,  and  much  less  of  the  Faux  Ouachit- 
ta  or  False  Washita,  which,  being  the  largest  of  the  upper 
branches  of  Red  River  from  the  north,  we  believed  might 
be  the  stream  we  were  descending.  From  observations  ta- 
ken at  several  points  along  the  river  we  had  ascertained  that 
we  must  travel  three  or  four  days'  journey  to  the  south,  in 
order  to  arrive  at  the  parallel  of  the  confluence  of  the  Kia- 
mesha  with  the  Red  river,f  and  we  were  constantly  expect- 
ing a  change  in  the  direction  of  our  courses.  The  confident 
assurance  of  the  Kaskaias,  that  we  were  on  Red  River,  and 
but  a  few  days'  march  above  the  village  of  the  Pawnee  Pi- 
quas,  tended  to  quiet  the  suspicions  we  began  to  feel  on  this 
subject.  We  had  now  travelled,  since  meeting  the  Indians, 
a  greater  distance  than  we  could  suppose  they  had  intended 

*  The  mafjnetic  variation  was  here  from  12°  to  13°  east. 
I  The  latitude  of  this  point  was  ascertained  by  Major  Long,  io  Decem- 
ber, 1819,  to  be  a  few  minutes  below  34'' north. 


liocky  Mountains.  ISl 

to  indicate  by  the  admeasurement  of  ten  "  lodge  days,"  but 
we  were  conscious  our  communications  with  them  had  been 
made  through  inadequate  interpreters,  and  it  was  not  with- 
out reason  we  began  to  fear  we  might  have  received  erro- 
neous impressions.  In  the  afternoon,  however,  the  river  in- 
clined more  to  the  direction  we  wished  to  travel;  and  we 
had  several  courses  to  the  south  of  east.  At  sunset  we  pitch- 
ed our  tent  on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  and  dug  a  well  in 
the  sand,  which  afforded  a  sufficient  supply  of  wholesome, 
though  brackish  water.  Throughout  the  night  the  roaring 
of  immense  herds  of  bisons,  and  the  solemn  notes  of  the 
hooting  owl,  were  heard,  intermixed  with  the  desolate  cries 
of  the  prairie  wolf,  and  the  screech  owl.  The  mulberry  and 
the  guilandina  growing  near  our  camp,  with  many  of  the 
plants  and  birds  we  had  been  accustomed  to  see  in  the  fron- 
tier settlements  of  the  United  States,  reminded  us  of  the 
comforts  of  home,  and  the  cheering  scenes  of  social  life, 
giving  us,  at  the  same  time,  the  assurance  that  we  were 
about  to  arrive  at  the  point  where  we  should  take  leave  of 
the  desert. 

19th.  The  mercury  at  sunrise  stood  at  71".  The  morning 
was  calm,  and  the  sky  tinged  with  that  intense  and  beautiful 
blue  which  marks  many  of  our  summer  skies,  and  is  seen 
with  greater  pleasure,  by  those  who  know  that  home,  or  a 
good  tavern,  is  near,  than  by  such  as  have  no  prospect  of 
shelter,  save  what  a  tent  or  a  blanket  can  afford.  We  were 
now  looking,  with  much  impatience,  for  something  to  indi- 
cate an  approach  towards  the  village  of  the  Pawnee  Piquas; 
but  instead  of  this  the  traces  of  Indians  seemed  to  become 
less  and  less  frequent.  Notwithstanding  the  astonishing  num- 
bers of  bison,  deer,  antelopes,  and  other  animals,  the  country 
is  less  strewed  with  bones  than  almost  any  we  have  seen, 
affording  an  evidence  that  it  is  not  a  favourite  hunting  ground 
of  any  tribe  of  Indians.  The  animals  also  appeared  wholly 
unaccustomed  to  the  sight  of  men.     The  bisons  and  wolves 


132  Expedition  to  the 

moved  slowly  off  to  right  and  left,  leaving  a  lane  for  the  par- 
ty to  pass;  but  those  on  the  windward  side  often  lingered 
for  a  long  time  almost  within  the  reach  of  our  rifles,  regard- 
ing us  with  little  appearance  of  alarm.  We  had  now  noth- 
ing to  suffer,  either  from  the  apprehension  or  the  reality  of 
hunger,  and  could  have  been  content  that  the  distance  be- 
tween ourselves  and  the  settlements  should  have  been  much 
greater  than  we  supposed  it  to  be. 

In  the  afternoon,  finding  the  course  of  the  river  again 
bending  towards  the  north,  and  becoming  more  and  more 
serpentine,  we  turned  off  on  the  right  side,  and  choosing 
an  east  course,  travelled  across  the  hills,  not  doubting  but  we 
would  soon  arrive  again  at  the  river.  We  found  the  country, 
at  a  distance  from  the  bed  of  the  river,  somewhat  elevated 
and  broken;  but,  upon  climbing  some  of  the  highest  hills, 
we  again  saw  the  landscape  of  the  unbounded  and  unvaried 
grassy  plain  spread  out  before  us.  All  the  inequalities  of  the 
surface  have  evidently  been  produced  by  the  excavating 
operation  of  currents  of  water,  and  they  are  consequently 
most  considerable  near  the  channels  of  the  large  streams. 
This  remark  is  applicable  to  the  vallies  of  all  the  large  rivers 
in  the  central  portions  of  the  great  horizontal  formation 
west  of  the  AUeganies.  We  find,  accordingly,  that  on  the 
Ohio,  the  Missouri,  the  Plactc,  the  Konzas,  and  many  of 
the  rivers  tributary  to  the  Mississippi,  the  surface  becomes 
broken  in  proportion  as  we  proceed  from  the  interior  towards 
the  bed  of  the  river;  and  all  the  hills  bear  convincing  evidence 
that  they  have  received  their  existence  and  their  form  from  the 
action  of  the  currents  of  water,  which  have  removed  the  soil 
and  other  matters  formerly  occupying  the  vallies,  and  elevating 
the  whole  surface  of  the  country  nearly  to  a  common  level. 
Regarding  in  this  view  the  extensive  vallies  of  the  Missis- 
sippi, and  its  tributaries,  we  naturally  inquire  how  great  a 
length  of  time  must  have  been  spent  in  the  production  of 
such  an   effect,  the  cause  operating  as  it  now  does?     It  is 


Rocky  Mountains,  133 

scarce  necessary  to  refnark  that  where  the  vallies  of  the 
rivers  in  question  are  bounded  on  both  sides,  as  they  often 
are,  by  perpendicular  cliffs  of  sandstone  or  limestone  in  hori- 
zontal strata,  the  seams  and  markings  on  one  side  correspond 
with  those  on  the  other,  indicating  the  stratifications  to  have 
been  originally  continuous. 

A  ride  of  a  few  miles,  in  a  direction  passing  obliquely 
from  the  river,  brought  us  to  a  point  which  overlooked  a 
large  extent  of  the  surrounding  country.  From  this  we 
could  distinguish  the  winding  course  of  a  small  stream  unit- 
ing numerous  tributaries  from  the  ridge  we  occupied,  and 
pursuingits  way  towards  thesootheast  alonga  narrowand  well 
wooded  valley.  The  dense  and  verdant  foliage  of  the  poplars 
and  elms  contrasted  faintly  with  the  bright  red  of  the  sand- 
stone cliffs,  which  rose  on  both  sides,  far  surpassing  the 
elevation  of  the  tallest  trees,  and  disclosing  here  and  there 
masses  of  sulphate  of  lime  of  a  snowy  whiteness.  Looking 
back  upon  the  broad  valley  of  the  river  we  had  left,  the  eye 
rested  upon  insulated  portions  of  the  sandy  bed,  disclosed 
by  the  inflections  of  its  course,  or  the  opening  of  ravines,  and 
resembling  pools  of  blood  rather  than  wastes  of  sand.  We 
had  been  so  long  accustomed  to  the  red  sands  that  the  in- 
tensity of  the  colouring  ceased  to  excite  attention,  until 
a  distant  view  afforded  us  the  opportunity  of  contrasting  it 
with  the  general  aspect  of  the  country. 

The  elevated  plains  we  found  covered  with  a  plenteous, 
but  close  fed  crop  of  grasses,  and  occupied  by  extensive 
marmot  villages.  The  red  soil  is  usually  fine,  and  little  in- 
termixed with  gravel  and  pebbles,  but  too  sandy  to  retain 
pioisture  enough  for  the  purposes  of  agriculture.  The  luxu- 
riance and  fineness  of  the  grasses,  as  well  as  the  astonishing 
number  and  good  condition  of  the  herbivorous  animals  of 
this  region  clearly  indicate  its  value  for  purposes  of  pastur- 
age. There  can  be  no  doubt  that  more  valuable  and  pro- 
ductive grasses  than  the  native  species  can,  with  little  trou- 


134-  Expedition  to  the 

ble,  be  introduced.  This  may  easily  be  effected  by  burning 
the  prairies,  at  a  proper  season  of  the  year,  and  sowing  the 
seeds  of  any  of  the  more  hardy  cultivated  graminae.  Some  of 
the  perennial  plants  common  in  the  prairies,  will,  undoubted- 
ly, be  found  difficult  to  exterminate;  their  strong  roots  pene- 
trating to  a  great  depth,  and  enveloping  the  rudiments  of 
new  shoots  placed  beyond  the  reach  of  a  fire  on  the  surface. 
The  soil  of  the  more  fertile  plains  is  penetrated  with  such 
numbers  of  these  as  to  present  more  resistance  to  the  plough 
than  the  oldest  cultivated  pastures. 

We  had  continued  our  march  until  near  sunset,  expecting 
constantly  to  come  in  view  of"the  river,  which  we  were  per- 
suaded must  soon  make  a  great  bend  to  the  south;  but  per- 
ceiving the  night  would  overtake  us  in  the  plains,  we  began 
to  search  for  a  place  to  encamp.  The  bison  paths  in  this 
country  are  as  frequent,  and  almost  as  conspicuous,  as  the 
roads  in  the  most  populous  parts  of  the  United  States.  They 
converge  from  all  directions  to  the  places  where  water  is  to 
be  found,  and  by  following  their  guidance  we  were  soon  led 
to  a  spot  where  was  a  small  spring,  dripping  from  the  side 
of  a  cliff  of  sandstone.  The  water  collected  in  a  little  basin 
at  the  foot  of  the  cliff,  and  flowing  a  few  rods  down  a  nar- 
row ravine  disappeared  in  the  sand.  Having  establishefl  our 
camp,  we  travelled  down  this  ravine,  searching  for  plants, 
while  any  daylight  remained.  The  rocks  were  beautifully 
exposed,  but  exhibited  no  appearance  unlike  what  we  had 
been  accustomed  to  see  along  the  river;  the  red  indistinctly 
stratified  sand-rock,  spotted  and  veined  with  plaister  stone 
and  selenite.  About  the  shelvings  and  crevices  of  the  rocks 
the  slender  corrolla  of  the  CEnothera  macrocarpa  and  the 
purple  blossoms  of  the  Pentstemon  bradburii  lay  withering 
together,  while  the  fading  leaves  and  the  ripening  fruit  re- 
minded us  that  the  summer  was  drawing  to  a  close. 

On  the  morning  following  we  resumed  our  march,  alter- 
ing our  course  from  S.  E.  to  N.  E.     The  want  of  water  in 


Rocky  Mountains.  135 

the  hills  compelled  us  again  to  seek  the  river.  Falling  in 
with  a  large  bison  path  which  we  knew  would  conduct  us  by 
the  easiest  and  most  direct  route,  we  travelled  about  fifteen 
miles,  and  encamped  at  noon  on  the  bank  of  the  river.  In 
returning  to  the  low  grounds  we  passed  some  grassy  pas- 
tures carpeted  with  the  densest  and  finest  verdure,  and 
sprinkled  with  herds  of  deer,  antelopes,  and  bisons.  In  some 
places  the  ground  was  covered  with  a  purple  mat  of  the 
prickly  leaves  and  branches  of  a  procumbent  Eryngo  inter- 
mixed with  the  tall  and  graceful  Centaurea  speciosa,*  with 
here  and  there  a  humble  Dalea,  or  an  ascending  Petalostemon. 
As  we  approached  the  river  we  discovered  a  fine  herd  of  bi- 
sons in  the  grove  where  we  intended  to  place  our  camp,  some 
lying  down  in  the  shade,  others  standing  in  the  pool  of 
water  which  extended  along  under  the  bank.  Dismounting 
from  our  horses  and  approaching  under  cover  of  the  bushes 
we  shot  two  of  the  fattest,  but  before  we  had  time  to  reload 
our  pieces,  after  the  second  fire,  we  perceived  a  bull  running 
towards  us,  evidently  with  the  design  to  make  battle;  we, 
however,  gave  him  the  slip,  by  escaping  into  the  thick  bushes, 
and  he  turned  off  to  follow  the  retiring  herd. 

It  is  only  in  the  rutting  season  that  any  danger  is  to  be  ap- 
prehended from  the  strength  and  ferocity  of  the  male  bison. 
At  all  other  times,  whether  wounded  or  not,  their  efforts  are, 
to  the  last,  directed  solely  towards  an  escape  from  their 
pursuers,  and  at  this  time  it  does  not  appear  that  their  rage 
is  provoked,  particularly  by  an  attack  upon  themselves,  but 
their  unusual  intrepidity  is  directed  indiscriminately  against 
all  suspicious  intruders. 

We  had  now,  for  some  days,  been  excessively  annoyed 
with  large  swarms  of  blowing  flies,  which  had  prevented  our 

*  This  elegant  Centaurea  lias  ahead  of  flowers  nearly  as  large  as  that 
oftheCnicus  lanccolatus,  so  commonly  naturalized  in  the  east.  Some 
specimens,  from  seeds  brought  by  Major  Long  have  flowered  in  Mr. 
Peale's  garden,  near  Germantown.  The  plant  will  be  easily  naturalized, 
and  found  highly  ornamental. 


lo6  Expedition    to  the 

carrying  fresh  game  along  with  us  for  more  than  a  single 
day.  It  had  been  our  custom  at  meals  to  place  our  boiled  or 
roasted  bison  meat  on  the  grass,  pr  the  broken  boughs  of  a 
tree,  in  the  middle  of  our  circle;  but  this  practice  we  now 
found  it  inexpedient  to  continue,  as  before  we  could  finish 
our  repast  our  table  often  became  white  with  the  eggs  de- 
posited by  the  flies.  We  were  commonly  induced  to  dispense 
with  our  roast  meats,  unless  we  chose  to  superintend  the 
cooking  ourselves;  and  afterwards  it  required  the  exertions 
of  one  hand  to  keep  away  the  flies  while  with  the  other  we 
helped  ourselves  to  what  we  wished  to  eat.  Our  more  com- 
mon practice  was  to  confine  ourselves  to  the  single  dish  of 
hunters'  soup,  suffering  the  meat  to  remain  immersed  in  the 
kettle  until  we  were  ready  to  transfer  it  to  our  mouths. 

Gnats  had  been  rather  frequent,  and  we  began  to  feel  once 
more  the  persecutions  of  the  ticks,  the  most  tormenting  of 
the  insects  of  this  country. 

The  little  pool  near  our  tent  afforded  all  the  water  that 
could  be  found  within  a  very  considerable  distance.  The 
bisons  came  in  from  every  direction  to  drink,  and  we  almost 
regretted  that  our  presence  frighted  away  the  suffering  ani- 
mals with  their  thirst  unslaked. 

21st.  The  day  was  warm  and  somewhat  rainy.  Soon  af- 
ter leaving  our  camp  we  saw  three  black  bears  and  killed  one 
of  them.  This  is  the  first  animal  of  the  kind  we  had  eaten 
since  we  left  the  Missouri,  and  the  flesh,  though  now  not  in 
the  best  condition,  we  found  deserving  the  high  encomiums 
commonly  lavished  upon  it.  Experienced  hunters  prefer  it 
to  that  of  the  bison,  and  indeed  to  almost  every  thing,  except 
the  tail  of  the  beaver. 

Black  bears  had  been  frequent  in  the  country  passed  since 
the  15th.  At  this  season  they  feed  principally  upon  grapes, 
plums,  the  berries  of  the  cornus  alba  and  c.  cirunata  zwd  the 
acorns  of  a  small  scrubby  oak  common  about  the  sand  hills. 

They  also  eat  the  flesh  of  animals,  and  it  is  not  uncommon 


Rocky  Mountains.  137 

to  see  them  disputing  with  the  wolves  and  buzzards  for  their 
share  of  the  carcasses  of  bisons,  and  other  animals,  which  have 
been  left  by  the  hunters,  or  have  died  of  disease.  Grapes  had 
evidently  been  very  abundant  here,  but  had  been  devour- 
ed, and  the  vines  torn  in  pieces  by  the  bears  and  turkies. 

In  the  middle  of  the  day  we  found  the  heat  more  oppres- 
sive, with  the  mercury  at  96**,  than  we  had  known  it  in  ma- 
ny instances  when  the  thermometer  had  indicated  a  high- 
er temperature  by  six  or  eight  degress.  This  sultry  calm 
was,  however,  soon  succeeded  by  thunder  showers,  attended 
with  their  ordinary  effects  upon  the  atmosphere.  In  the  af- 
ternoon, the  country  we  passed  was  swarming  with  innumer- 
able herds  of  bison,  wild  horses,  deer,  elk,  &c.,  while  great 
numbers  of  minute  sandpipers,  yellow-shanked  snipes,  kill- 
deer  plovers  (charadrius  vociferus)  and  tell-tale  godwits, 
about  the  river,  seemed  to  indicate  the  vicinity  of  larger 
bodies  of  water  than  we  had  been  accustomed  of  late  to  see. 
During  the  afternoon  and  the  night,  there  was  a  continual 
and  rapid  alternation  of  bright,  calm,  and  cloudless  skies, 
with  sudden  and  violent  thunder  storms.  Our  horizon  was 
a  little  obscured  on  both  sides  by  the  hills  and  the  scattered 
trees  which  skirted  along  the  sides  of  the  valley.  As  we  looked 
out  of  our  tent,  to  observe  the  progress  of  the  night,  we  found 
sometimes  a  pitchy  darkness  veiling  every  object;  at  oth- 
ers, by  the  clear  light  of  the  stars,  and  the  constant  flashing 
from  some  unseen  cloud,  we  could  distinguish  all  the  features 
of  the  surrounding  scene;  our  horses  grazing  quietly  about 
our  tent,  and  the  famished  prairie  wolf  prowling  near,  to 
seize  the  fragments  of  our  plentiful  supper.  The  thunder 
was  almost  incessant,  but  its  low  and  distant  mutterings  were, 
at  times,  so  blended  with  the  roaring  of  the  bisons,  that 
more  experienced  ears  than  ours  might  have  found  a  dif- 
ficulty in  distinguishing  between  them.  At  a  late  hour  in 
the  night  some  disturbance  was  perceived  among  the  horses, 
occasioned  by  a  herd  of  wild  horses,  which  had  come  in  and 
VOL.  II.  18 


138  Expedition^  &fc. 

struck  up  a  hasty  acquaintaince  with  their  enslaved  fellow- 
brutes.  As  it  was  near  daylight  we  forbore  to  do  any  thing 
to  frighten  away  the  intruders,  hoping,  to  have  an  opportu- 
nity to  prove  our  skill  in  the  operation  of  creasing^  as  soon  as 
the  light  should  be  sufficient.  A  method  sometimes  adopted 
by  hunters  for  taking  the  wild  horse  is  to  shoot  the  animal 
through  the  neck  using  the  requisite  care  not  to  injure  the 
spine.  A  horse  may  receive  a  rifle  ball  through  a  particular 
part  of  the  neck  without  sustaining  any  permanent  injury;  the 
blow  is,  however,  sufficient  to  occasion  a  temporary  suspen- 
sion of  the  powers  of  life,  during  which  the  animal  is  easily 
taken.  This  is  called  creasing;  and  requires  for  its  successful 
performance  a  very  considerable  degree  of  skill  and  precision 
in  the  use  of  the  rifle.  A  valuable  but  rather  refractory  mule, 
belonging  to  our  party  escaped  from  the  cantonment  near 
Council  Bluff,  a  few  days  before  we  left  that  place.  He  was 
pursued  by  two  men  through  the  prairies  of  the  Papillon, 
across  the  Elkhorn,  and  finally  to  the  Platte,  where,  as  they 
saw  no  prospect  of  taking  him  by  other  means,  they  resolved 
upon  creasing.  The  ball  however  swerved  an  inch  or  two 
from  its  aim  and  broke  the  neck  of  the  animal. 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Inconveniences  resulting  from  want  of  "water — Wood-ticks'^ 
Plants — Loss  of  one  of  the  Party — Honey  bees — Forests-^ 
Gray  sandstone — Indications  of  coal — Limestone. 

August  22.  So  much  rain  had  fallen  during  the  night 
that  soon  after  commencing  our  morning  march  we  enjoyed 
the  novel  and  pleasing  sight  of  a  running  stream  of  water. 
It  had  been  only  two  weeks  since  the  disappearance  of  run- 
ning water  in  the  river  above,  but  during  this  time  we  had 
suffered  much  from  thirst,  and  had  been  constantly  tantalized 
with  the  expectation  of  arriving  at  the  spot  where  the  river 
should  emerge  from  the  sand.  By  our  computation  of  dis- 
tances we  had  travelled  more  than  one  hundred  and  fifty 
miles  along  the  bed  of  this  river,  without  once  having  found 
it  to  contain  running  water.  We  had  passed  the  mouths  of 
many  large  tributaries,  but  they,  like  the  river  itself,  were 
beds  of  naked  sand.  These  dry  rivers,  at  least  the  more 
considerable  of  them,  are  constantly  conveying  away,  silent 
and  unseen,  in  the  bottom  of  their  deep  beds,  streams  of  wa- 
ter of  no  trifling  magnitude.  This  is  probably  the  case  with 
all  such  as  have  their  sources  in  the  primitive  country  of 
the  Rocky  Mountains,  likewise  with  those  v/hich  traverse  any 
great  extent  of  the  floetz  trap  district,  as  both  of  these  for- 
mations afford  a  more  abundant  supply  of  water  than  the 
sandstone  tracts. 

In  the  afternoon  we  saw  a  dense  column  of  smoke,  rising 
suddenly  from  the  summit  of  a  hill,  at  some  distance  on  the 
right  side  of  the  river.  As  at  the  moment,  the  air  hap- 
pened to  be  calm,  the  smoke  rose  perpendicularly  in  a  de- 


140  Expedition  to  the 

fined  mass,  and  after  continuing,  for  a  few  minutes,  ceased 
suddenly.  Having  recently  observed  signs  of  Indians,  we 
took  this  as  a  confirmation  of  our  suspicions,  that  an  en- 
campment or  a  village  was  not  far  distant.  We  had  observ- 
ed that  parties  of  Indians,  whether  stationary  or  on  their 
marches,  are  never  without  videttes^  kept  constantly  at  a  dis- 
tance from  the  main  body,  for  the  purpose  of  giving  timely 
notice  of  the  approach  of  enemies.  Several  methods  of  tele- 
graphic communication  are  in  use  among  them,  one  of  which 
is  this,  of  raising  a  sudden  smoke,  and  for  this  purpose,  they 
are  said  to  keep  in  constant  readiness,  a  supply  of  combusti- 
bles. During  the  remainder  of  this,  and  the  day  following, 
we  were  in  constant  expectation  of  falling  in  with  Indians. 
Towards  evening  on  the  23d,  we  saw  an  unusual  number  of 
horses,  probably  four  or  five  hundred,  standing  among  the 
scattered  trees  along  the  river  bottom.  We  discovered  them 
while  more  than  a  mile  distant,  and  from  their  dispersed 
manner  of  feeding,  and  the  intermixture  of  various  colours 
among  them,  we  concluded  they  must  be  the  horses  belong- 
ing to  a  band  of  Indians.  We  accordingly  halted,  and  put 
our  guns  in  order  for  immediate  use,  and  then  approaching 
cautiouslv,  arrived  within  a  few  rods  of  the  nearest,  before 
we  discovered  them  to  be  \'«ild  horses.  They  took  flight, 
and  dispersing  in  several  directions,  disappeared  almost  in- 
staiitly. 

At  eleven  P.  M.,  the  double  meridian  altitude  of  the 
moon's  lower  limb,  observed  for  latitude,  was  72°  18'  15"; 
index  error,  minus  4'.  For  the  two  last  days,  our  average 
course  had  inclined  considerably  to  the  south.  The  water  vi- 
sible in  the  river  had  increased  rapidly  in  quantity,  and  the 

apparent  magnitude  of  the  stream  was  nearly  equal  to  what 

it  had  been  four  hundred  miles  above. 

24th.   Our  supply  of  parched  corn-meal  was  now  entirely 

exhausted.     Since  separating  from  our  companions  on  the 

Arkansa,  we  had  confined  ourselves  to  the  fifth  part  of  a  pint 


Rocky  Mountains.  141 

per  day,  to  each  man,  and  the  disconthiuance  of  this  small 
allowance,  was  at  first  sensibly  felt.  We,  however,  became 
gradually  accustomed  to  the  hunter's  life  in  its  utmost  sim- 
plicity, eating  our  bison  or  bear  meat,  without  salt  or  condi- 
ments  of  any  kind,  and  substituting  turkey  or  venison,  both 
of  which  we  had  in  the  greatest  plenty,  for  bread.  The  few 
hungry  weeks  we  had  spent  about  the  sources  of  the  river, 
had  taught  us  how  to  dispense  with  superfluous  luxuries,  pro- 
vided the  demands  of  nature  could  be  satisfied. 

The  inconveniences  resulting  from  another  cause,  were 
more  serious.  All  our  clothing  had  become  so  dirty,  as  to 
be  offensive  both  to  sight  and  smell.  Uniting  in  our  own 
persons,  the  professions  of  traveller,  hostler,  butcher,  and 
cook,  sleeping  on  the  ground  by  night,  and  being  almost  in- 
cessantly on  the  march  by  day,  it  is  not  to  be  supposed,  we 
could  give  as  much  attention  to  personal  neatness,  as  might 
be  wished.  Notwithstanding  this,  we  had  kept  ourselves  in 
comfortable  condition,  as  long  as  we  had  met  with  water,  fit 
for  washing  our  clothes.  This  had  not  now  been  the  case 
for  some  weeks.  The  sand  of  the  river  bed  approaches  in 
character  so  near  to  a  fluid,  that  it  is  in  vain  to  search  for, 
or  to  attempt  to  produce  any  considerable  inequalities  on  its 
surface.  The  utmost  we  had  been  able  to  accomplish,  when 
we  had  found  it  necessary  to  dig  for  water,  was  to  scoop  a 
a  wide  and  shallow  excavation,  in  the  bottom  of  which  a 
very  small  quantity  would  collect,  but  not  more  than  a  pint 
could  be  dipped  up  at  a  time,  and  since  the  water  had  ap- 
peared above  the  sand,  it  was  rare  to  find  it  more  than  an 
inch  or  two  in  depth,  and  so  turbid  as  to  be  unfit  for  use. 
The  excessive  heat  of  the  weather,  aggravated  the  inconve- 
nience resulting  from  the  want  of  clean  clothing,  and  we 
were  not  without  fears  that  our  health  might  suffer. 

The  common  post  oak,  the  white  oak,  and  several  other 
species,  with  the  gymnocladus,  or  coffee  bean  tree,  the  cer- 
cis,  and  the  black  walnut,  which  indicate  a  soil  of  very  con- 


142  Expedition  to  the 

siderable  fertility,  now  began  to  occur,  and  game  grew  so 
abundant,  that  we  had  it  at  an)  time  in  our  power,  to  kill  as 
many  bisons,  bear,  deer,  and  turkies,  as  we  might  wish. 

25th.  Our  daily  jourqies  over  desolate  and  uninhabited 
plains,  could  afford  little  to  record,  unless  we  were  to  set 
down  the  names  of  the  trees  we  passed,  and  of  the  plants 
and  animals  which  occured  to  our  notice.  Our  horses  had 
become  so  exhausted  by  the  great  fatigues  of  the  tour,  that 
we  found  it  necessary  to  content  ourselves  with  a  slower 
progress  than  formerly.  According  to  our  expectations, 
when  we  first  commenced  the  descent  of  the  river,  we  should 
some  time  since  have  arrived  near  the  settlements;  these, 
however,  we  could  plainly  perceive,  were  still  far  distant. 
The  country  we  were  traversing,  has  a  soil  of  sufficient  fer- 
tility to  support  a  dense  population,  but  the  want  of  springs 
and  streams  of  water,  must  long  oppose  a  serious  obstacle  to 
its  occupation  by  permanent  residents.  A  little  water  was  to 
be  seen  in  the  river,  but  that  was  stagnant,  the  rise  occasion- 
ed by  the  late  rains  having  subsided. 

Leaving  our  camp  at  an  early  hour,  we  moved  down  the 
valley  towards  the  southeast,  passing  some  large  and  beauti- 
ful groves  of  timber.  The  fox  squirrel  which  we  had  not 
seen  since  we  left  the  Missouri,  the  cardinal  and  summer 
red-bird,  the  forked-tail  tyrant,  and  the  pileated  woodpecker? 
with  other  birds  and  animals,  belonging  to  a  woody  country, 
now  became  frequent.  The  ravens,  common  in  all  the  open 
plains,  began  to  give  place  to  crows,  now  first  noticed. 
Thickets  of  oak,  elm,  and  nyssa,  began  to  occur  on  the  hills, 
and  the  fertile  soil  of  the  low  plains  to  be  covered  with  a 
dense  growth  of  ambrosia,  helianthus,  and  other  heavy  weeds. 
As  we  were  riding  forward  at  a  small  distance  irom  the  ri- 
ver, two  bucks  and  a  fawn  happened  to  cross  our  path,  a  few 
rods  in  front  of  the  party.  As  the  wind  blew  from  them  to 
us,  they  could  not  take  our  scenr,  but  turned  to  gaze  at  us, 
without  the  least  appearance  of  alarm.    The  leader  was  shot 


Rocky  Mountains.  143 

down  by  one  of  the  party,  when  his  companion  and  the  fawn, 
instead  of  taking  fright,  came  nearer  to  us,  and  stood  with- 
in pistol  shot,  closely  watching  our  movements,  while  the 
hunters  were  butchering  the  one  we  had  killed.  This  unusual 
degree  of  tameness  we  could  discover  more  or  less,  in  all  the 
animals  of  this  region,  and  it  seems  to  indicate  that  mi.n, 
the  enemy  and  destroyer  of  all  things,  is  less  known  here, 
than  in  other  portions  of  the  country  we  had  passed.  In 
some  parts  of  our  route,  we  had  seen  the  antelopes  take 
fright,  when  we  were  more  than  a  mile  to  the  windward  of 
them,  when  they  could  have  received  no  intimation  from  us, 
except  by  sight,  yet  it  does  not  appear,  that  their  powers  of 
vision  are,  in  any  degree,  superior  to  those  of  most  other 
ruminant  animals. 

27th.  We  were  able  to  select  for  this  day's  rest,  a  de- 
ligthtful  situation  at  the  estuary  of  a  small  creek  from 
the  south.  The  wide  valley  of  the  river  here  presented  a 
pleasing  alternation  of  heavy  forests,  with  small  but  luxuriant 
meadows,  affording  a  profuse  supply  of  grass  for  our  horses. 
The  broad  hills  swelling  gently  one  above  another,  as  they 
recede  from  the  river,  are  diversified  with  nearly  the  same 
intermixture  of  field  and  forest,  as  in  the  most  highly  culti- 
vated portions  of  the  Eastern  States.  Herds  of  bisons,  wild 
horses,  elk,  and  deer,  are  seen  quietly  grazing  in  these  ex- 
tensive and  fertile  pastures,  and  the  habitations  and  the 
works  of  men,  alone  seem  wanting,  to  complete  the  picture 
of  rural  abundance. 

We  found,  however,  the  annoyance  of  innumerable  mul- 
titudes of  minute,  almost  invisible  seed  ticks,  a  sufficient 
counterpart  to  the  advantages  of  our  situation.  These  insects 
unlike  the  mosquitoes,  gnats,  and  sandflies,  are  not  to  be 
turned  aside  by  a  gust  of  wind,  or  an  atmosphere  surcharged 
with  smoke,  nor  does  the  closest  dress  of  leather  afford  any 
protection  from  their  persecutions.  A  person  no  sooner  sets 
foot  among  them  than  they  commence  in  countless  thousands, 


144  Expedition  to  the 

their  silent  and  unseen  march;  ascending  along  the  feet 
and  legs,  they  insinuate  themselves  into  every  article  of 
dress,  and  fasten,  unperceived,  their  fangs  upon  every 
part  of  the  body.  The  bite  is  not  felt  until  the  insect  has 
had  time  to  bury  the  whole  of  his  beak,  and  in  the  case  of 
the  most  minute  and  most  troublesome  species,  nearly  his 
whole  body  seems  hid  under  the  skin.  Where  he  fastens  him- 
self with  such  tenacity  that  he  will  sooner  suffer  his  head  and 
body  to  be  dragged  apart  than  relinquish  his  hold.  It  would, 
perhaps,  be  well  when  they  are  once  thoroughly  planted 
to  suffer  them  to  remain  unmolested,  as  the  beaks  left 
under  the  skin  produce  more  irritation  than  the  living  ani- 
mal; but  they  excite  such  intolerable  itching,  that  the  suf- 
ferer cannot  avoid  aggravating  the  evil  by  his  efforts  to  re- 
lieve himself  from  the  offending  cause.  The  wound  which 
was  at  first  almost  imperceptible,  swells  and  inflames  gradu- 
ally, and  being  enlarged  by  rubbing  and  scratching,  at  length 
discharges  a  serous  fluid,  and  finally  suppurates.  If  the  in- 
sect is  suffered  to  remain  unmolested,  he  protracts  his  feast 
for  some  weeks,  when  he  is  found  to  have  grown  of  enor- 
mous size,  and  to  have  assumed  nearly  the  colour  of  the 
skin  on  which  he  has  been  feeding.  His  limbs  do  not  enlarge, 
but  are  almost  buried  in  the  mass  accumulated  on  his  neck, 
which  extending  forward,  bears  against  the  skin,  and  at  last 
pushes  him  from  his  hold. 

Nothing  is  to  be  hoped  from  becoming  accustomed  to  the 
bite  of  these  wood  ticks.  On  the  contrary,  by  long  expo- 
sure to  their  venomous  attacks  the  skin  acquires  a  morbid 
irritability,  which  increases  in  proportion  to  the  frequency  and 
continuance  of  the  evil,  until  at  length  the  bite  of  a  single  tick 
is  sufficient  to  produce  a  large  and  painful  phlegmon.  This 
may  not  be  the  case  with  every  one,  but  it  was  so  with  us. 
The  burning  and  smarting  of  the  skin  prompted  us  to  bathe 
and  wash  whenever  we  met  with  water:  but  we  had  not  long 
continued  this  practice  when    we  perceived  it  only  to  aug- 


Rocky  Mountains.  145 

inent  our  sufferings,  by  increasing  the  irritation  it  was  meant 
to  allay.* 

It  is  not  on  men  alone  that  these  blood-thirsty  insects  fas- 
ten themselves.  Horses,  dogs,  and  many  wild  animals  are 
subject  to  the  attacks  of  a  tick  that  sometimes  attains  a  very 
large  size.  It  is  nevertheless  sufficiently  evident,  that  like 
mosquitoes  and  other  blood-sucking  insects,  by  far  the 
greater  number  of  wood-licks  must  spend  their  lives  with- 
out ever  establishing  themselves  as  parasites  on  any  animal, 
and  even  without  a  single  opportunity  of  gratifying  that 
thirst  for  blood,  which,  as  they  can  exist  and  perform  all  the 
common  functions  of  their  life  without  its  agency,  would 
seem  to  have  been  given  them  merelv  for  the  annoyance  of 
every  animal  that  may  fall  in  their  way. 

Among  noany  other  plants  common  to  the  low  and  fertile 
parts  of  the  United  States,  we  observed  the  acalypha  and  the 
splendid  lobelia  cardinalis^  also  the  cardiospermum  helica- 
cabum^  sometimes  cultivated  in  the  gardens,  and  said  to  be  a 
native  of  the  East  Indies.  It  is  a  delicate  climbing  vine,  con- 
spicuous by  its  large  inflated  capsules.  The  acacia,  [ro- 
binea  pseudacacia]  the  honey  locust,  and  the  Ohio  sesculus 
are  among  the  forest  trees,  but  are  confined  to  the  low 
grounds.  The  common  black  haw  [viburnum  lentago~\  the  per- 
simmon or  date  plum,  and  a  vitis  unknown  to  us,  occurred  fre- 
quently and  were  all  loaded  with  unripe  fruit.  The  mis- 
seltoe,  whose  range  of  elevation  and  latitude  seems  to  cor- 
respond very  nearly  with  that  of  the  miegia  and  the  cypress, 
occurs  here,  parasitic  on  the  branches  of  elms.  In  the  sandy 
soils  of  the  hills,  the  formidable  jatropha  stimulosa  is  some- 

*  In  those  parts  of  South  America  where  the  absence  of  crocodiles  per- 
mits people  to  enter  the  river,  Humboldt  and  Bonpland  observed,  that  the 
immoderate  use  of  baths,  while  it  moderated  the  pain  of  the  old  stings 
of  Zancudoes,  rendered  them  more  sensible  to  new.  By  bathing  more  than 
twice  a  day  the  skin  is  brought  into  a  state  of  nervous  it  ritability  of  which 
no  idea  .jan  be  formed  in  Europe.  It  would  seem  as  if  all  feeling  were  car- 
ried towards  the  integuments. 

See  HumboldCs  Personal  Jfarrative,  p.  105.  vol.  5. 

VOL.  II.  19 


14'6  Expedition  to  the 

times  so  frequent,  as  to  render  the  walking  difficult.  It  is  co- 
vered with  long  and  slender  prickles,  capable  of  inflicting  a 
painful  and  lasting  wound,  which  is  said  to  prove  ruinous  to 
the  feet  of  the  blacks  in  the  West  Indies.  The  cacti  and 
the  bartonias  had  now  disappeared,  as  also  the  yucca,  the 
argemone,  and  most  of  the  plants  which  had  been  conspicuous 
in  the  country  about  the  mountains.  The  phytolacca  c/ecandra, 
an  almost  certain  indication  of  a  fertile  soil,  the  diodia  te- 
tragona^  a  monarda,  and  several  new  plants  were  collected  in 
an  excursion  from  our  encampment.  The  red  sand-rock  is 
disclosed  in  the  sides  of  the  hills,  but  appears  less  fre- 
quently, and  contains  less  gypsum  than  above,  though  it 
still  retains  the  same  peculiar  marks  distinguishing  it  as 
the  depository  of  fossil  salt.  Extensive  beds  of  red  argilla- 
ceous soil  occur,  and  are  almost  invariably  accompanied  by 
saline  eflSorescences,  or  incrustations.  We  search  in  vain,  both 
in  the  rocks  and  the  soils  for  the  remains  of  animals,  and  it  is 
rare  in  this  salt  formation  to  meet  with  the  traces  of  organic 
substances  of  any  kind;  the  rock,  itself,  though  fine  and  com- 
pact, disintegrates  rapidly,  producing  a  soil  which  contains  so 
much  alumine  as  to  remain  long  suspended  in  water, 
tinging  with  its  peculiar  colour  all  the  rivers  of  this  region. 
It  has  been  remarked  that  the  southern  tributaries  of  the 
Arkansa,  particularly  the  Canadian,  the  Negracka,  and  the 
Ne-sew-ke-tonga,  discharge  red  waters,  at  the  time  of  high 
freshets  in  such  quantity  as  to  give  a  colouring  to  the  Ar- 
kansa quite  to  its  confluence  with  the  Mississippi.  From  this 
it  is  inferred  that  those  rivers  have  their  sources  in  a  region 
of  red  sandstone,  whose  north-eastern  limit  is  not  very  far  re- 
moved from  the  bed  of  the  Arkansa.  We  attempted  to  take 
sets  of  equal  altitudes,  but  failed  on  account  of  a  trifling  in- 
accuracy in  our  watch.  The  variation  of  the  magnetic  nee- 
dle was  found  to  be  the  same  as  on  the  25th;  namely,  11° 
30'  east. 

Our  hunters  had  been  sent  out  in  quest  of  game,  as  not- 


Rocky  Mountains.  147 

withstanding  the  plenty  we  had  enjoyed  and  the  great  num- 
ber of  animals  we  had  killed  we  found  it  impossible,  on  ac- 
count of  the  heat  of  the  weather  and  the  multiplicity  of  the 
blowing  flies,  to  keep  a  supply  of  meat  for  more  than  one 
day.  At  evening  they  returned,  having  killed  a  large  black 
bear.  The  animal  finding  himself  wounded  had  turned  with 
great  fury  upon  the  hunter,  who,  being  alone,  was  compelled 
to  seek  his  safety  by  climbing  into  a  tree.  It  is  well  known 
that  the  black  bear  will  sometimes  turn  upon  his  pursuers, 
and  this,  it  is  probable,  is  more  frequently  the  case  at  this 
season  than  at  any  other,  as  they  are  now  unincumbered 
with  that  profusion  of  fat  which,  for  a  part  of  the  year,  ren- 
ders them  clumsy  and  inactive,  and  the  males  are,  morover, 
excited  by  that  uncommon  ferocity  which  belongs  to  this 
season  of  their  loves. 

We  had  observed  that  the  sand-drifts,  extending  along  all 
that  part  of  the  river  we  had  passed  in  the  three  last  weeks, 
were,  almost  exclusively  on  the  northern  bank.  The  country 
we  were  now  passing  is  too  fertile  and  too  closely  covered 
with  vegetation,  to  admit  the  drifting  of  the  sand,  except  from 
the  uncovered  bed  of  the  river;  yet  along  the  northern  side 
of  the  valley  we  frequently  saw  naked  piles  of  sand,  which 
had  been  wafted  to  considerable  distance  by  the  winds. 
From  the  position  of  these  sand  banks,  as  well  as  from  our 
experience,  we  were  induced  to  believe  that  the  high  winds 
of  this  region,  are  mostly  from  the  south,  at  least  during  the 
dry  season. 

We  left  our  encampment  at  half  past  five  on  the  morning 
of  the  28th,  and  following  the  river,  the  aggregate  of  our 
courses  for  the  day  was  about  east,  arid  the  distance  twenty- 
one  miles.  Our  last  course  led  us  out  of  the  valley  of  the 
river,  and  for  a  few  miles  across  the  open  plain.  Here 
We  passed  a  large  and  uncommonly  beautiful  village  of  the 
prairie  marmots,  covering  an  area  of  about  a  mile  square, 
having  a  smooth  surface  and  slopmg  almost  imperceptibly 


148  Expedition  to  the 

towards  the  east.  The  grass  on  this  plain  was  fine,  thick  and 
close  fed.  As  we  approached,  it  happened  to  he  covered 
with  a  herd  of  some  thousands  of  bisons;  on  the  left  were  a 
number  of  wild  horses,  and  immediately  before  us  twenty  or 
thirty  antelopes  and  about  half  as  many  deer.  As  it  was  near 
sunset  the  light  fell  obliquely  upon  the  grass,  giving  an  ad- 
ditional brilliancy  to  its  dark  verdure.  The  little  inhabitants 
of  the  village  were  seen  running  playfully  about  in  all  direc- 
tions, and  as  we  approached,  they  perched  themselves  on 
their  burrows  and  proclaimed  their  terror  in  the  customary 
note  of  alarm.  A  scene  of  this  kind  comprises  most  of  what 
is  beautiful  and  interesting  to  the  passing  traveller  in  the 
wide   unvaried  plains  of  the  Missouri  and  Arkansa. 

In  the  course  of  the  day  We  passed  two  large  creeks,  one 
entering  from  the  south,  the  other  from  the  north;  also  seve- 
ral springs  on  the  south  side,  along  the  base  of  a  rocky  hill, 
rising  abruptly  from  the  bed  of  the  river;  but  notwithstand- 
ing all  these  tributary  supplies,  no  running  water  appeared 
above  the  sands. 

We  passed  great  numbers  of  carcases  of  bisons  recently 
slaughtered,  and  the  air  was  darkened  by  flights  of  carrion 
birds,  among  which  we  distinguished  the  vultur  aura  and  the 
V.  atrata,  the  black  vulture  of  the  Southern  States.  From 
the  great  number  of  carcases  and  skeletons,  we  were  induced 
to  believe  ourselves  near  the  hunting  ground  of  some  nation 
of  Indians,  and  our  expectations  of  seeing  the  Pawnees  of 
Red  River  began  to  revive. 

29th.  Finding  the  valley  of  the  river  somewhat  contract;- 
ed  in  width  and  extremely  serpentine,  we  ascended  into  the 
open  country  on  the  north  side  and  made  our  way  across  the 
hills,  taking  a  course  a  little  south  of  east.  At  the  distance 
of  a  mile  or  two  from  the  river  we  enjoyed  a  delightful 
view  of  the  elevated  country  beautifully  varied  with  gentle 
hills,  broad  vallies,  fertile  pastures,  and  extensive  woodlands. 
The  soil  we  found  of  a  superior  quality,  the  timber  more 


Rocky  Mountains.  149 

abundant  than  in  any  region  we  had  passed  since  we  left  the 
Missouri.  Extensive  forests  appeared  in  the  distant  horizon, 
and  the  prairies  in  every  direction  were  intersected  by  creeks 
and  ravines,  fringed  by  lines  of  timber.  The  aspect  of  the 
country  is  very  similar  to  that  of  Grand  river  and  the  lower 
part  of  the  Missouri,  but  the  soil  is  more  fertile.  The  first 
elevations  rise  from  forty  to  fifty  feet  above  the  bed  of  the 
river,  and  these  are  succeeded  by  others  ascending  by  an  al- 
most imperceptible  slope  towards  the  interior.  Among  the 
trees  on  the  uplands  are  the  black  cherry,  the  linden,  and  the 
honey  locust  all  indicating  a  fertile  soil. 

A  liitle  before  we  halted  to  dine,  Adams,  our  interpreter 
of  Spanish,  having  dropped  some  article  of  baggage  return- 
ed on  the  track  for  the  purpose  of  recovering  it,  and  as  he 
did  not  join  us  again  we  concluded  he  must  have  missed  his 
way. 

At  evening  we  returned  to  the  valley  of  the  river  and  pla- 
ced our  camp  under  a  small  Cottonwood  tree,  upon  one  of 
whose  branches  was  a  swarm  of  bees.  These  useful  insects 
reminded  us  of  the  comforts  and  luxuries  of  life  among  men, 
and  at  the  same  time  gave  us  the  assurance  that  we  were 
drawing  near  the  abodes  of  civilization.  Bees,  it  is  said  by 
the  hunter  and  the  Indians,  are  rarely  if  ever  seen  more  than 
two  hundred  and  fifty  or  three  hundred  miles  in  advance  of 
the  white  settlements. 

On  receiving  the  first  intimation  of  the  absence  of  Adams, 
who  had  been  following  in  the  rear  of  the  party,  a  man  was 
sent  back  to  search  for,  and  bring  him  to  our   encampment; 
but  as  he  could  not  be  found  we  concluded  that  he  had  mis- 
sed our  path,  and  probably  gone  forward.  We  were  confirmed 
in  this  belief,  when  on  the  following  morning  we  discovered 
the  track  of  a  solitary  mule,   which  had  passed  down  along 
the  bed  of  the  river.      This  we   accordingly  followed,  not 
doubting  but  Adams  must  soon   perceive  he  had  passed  us, 
and  would  wait  until  we  should  overtake  him. 


iSO  Expedition  to  the 

The  loose  soft  sands  of  the  river  bed,  yielding  to  our 
horses'  feet,  made  the  travelling  extremely  laborious;  and  the 
intense  reflection  of  the  rays  of  the  sun  almost  deprived  us  of 
the  use  of  our  eyes.  Mr.  Peak's  horse  soon  became  unable 
to  proceed  at  an  equal  pace  with  the  remainder  of  the  par- 
ty; but,  as  no  suitable  spot  for  encampment  appeared,  he 
dismounted  and,  by  great  exertions,  was  able  to  urge  his 
animal  along  in  the  rear.  The  travelling  in  the  bed  of 
the  river  became  so  extremely  inconvenient,  that  we  resolv- 
ed upon  attempting  to  penetrate  the  thick  woods  of  the  bot- 
tom, and  ascend  to  the  open  plains.  We  found,  however, 
the  woods  so  close  and  so  interlaced  with  scandent  species 
of  Smilax,  Cissus,  and  other  climbing  vines  as  greatly  to  retard 
our  progress,  and  we  were  soon  induced  to  wish  ourselves 
again  upon  the  naked  sands.  Notwithstanding  the  annoy- 
ance they  gave  us,  we  took  a  pleasure  in  observing  the  three 
American  species  of  Cissus  growing  almost  side  by  side.  The 
C.  qu'inquefolia^  the  common  woodbine,  cultivated  as  an 
ornament  about  yards  and  summer-houses,  grows  here  to  an 
enormous  size,  and  as  well  as  the  C.  hederacea^  seems  to  pre- 
fer climbing  on  elms.  The  remaining  species,  the  C.  bipin- 
nata^\  is  a  smaller  plant,  and  though  much  branched,  is  rare- 
ly scandent.  They  all  abound  in  ripe  fruit,  which,  notwith- 
standing its  external  resemblance,  and  its  close  affinity  to 
the  grape,  is  nauseous  to  the  taste,  and  does  not  appear  to  be 
sought  with  avidity  even  by  the  bears. 

In  ascending  the  hills,  we  found  them  based  upon  a  va- 
riety of  sandstone,  unlike  the  red  rock  of  the  salt  formation, 
to  which  we  had  been  so  long  accustomed.  We  observed  that 
a  corresponding  change  also  takes  place  in  the  conformation  of 
the  surface  and  the  general  aspect  of  the  country.  The  hills 
are  higher  and  more  abrupt;  the  forests  more  extensive;  the 
streams  of  water  more  copious,  and  more  serpentine  in  di- 
rection; in  other  words,  we  here  begin  to  recognize  the  fea- 

*  Ampelopsis  5«m5Mc/b/za  of  Michaux.        f  C.  stomof  Persoon. 


Rocky  Mountains,  151 

tures  of  a  mountainous  region.  The  sandstone,  which  ap- 
pears in  the  beds  of  the  streams  and  the  sides  of  the  hills,  is 
coarse  and  hard,  of  a  dark  gray  colour,  and  a  horizontally 
laminated  structure.  It  is  deeply  covered  with  a  soil  of  con- 
siderable fertility,  sustaining  heavy  forests  of  oak.  Among 
these  trees,  the  upland  white  oak  is  common,  but  is  of  rather 
diminutive  size,  and  often  hollow.  In  a  tree  of  this  de- 
scription we  observed  as  we  passed  the  habitation  of  a  swarm 
of  bees,  and,  as  it  was  not  convenient  at  that  time  to  stop,  we 
fixed  a  mark  upon  it  and  proceeded  to  make  the  best  of  our 
way  towards  the  river.  On  descending  the  hills,  we  found 
the  valley  of  the  river  much  contracted  in  width,  and  the 
bed  itself  occupying  less  space  by  half  than  where  we  had 
left  it  above. 

On  the  following  day,  the  party  remained  encamped,  to 
take  observations,  and  afford  an  opportunity  for  rest  to  the 
horses.  Some  of  the  men  went  back  about  six  miles  to  the 
bee  tree  we  had  passed  on  the  preceding  day,  and  brought 
in  a  small  quantity  of  honey,  inclosed  in  the  skin  of  a  deer 
recently  killed.  About  our  camp  we  examined  several  ledges 
of  sandstone  of  the  coarse  dark  gray  variety  above  mentioned. 
In  some  instances,  we  found  it  nearly  approaching  in  cha- 
racter the  glittering  crystalline  variety  of  the  lead  mine 
district,  but  we  sought  in  vain  for  an  opportunity  to  observe 
the  manner  of  its  connexion  with  red  sandstone. 

As  we  were  now  at  the  western  base  of  that  interesting 
group  of  hills,  to  which  we  have  attempted  to  give  the  name 
of  the  almost  extinct  tribe  of  the  Oarks,  and,  as  we  believ- 
ed ourselves  near  the  extreme  southern  bend  of  the  river  we 
were  descending,  we  thought  it  important  to  ascertain  our 
latitude  and  longitude  by  as  complete  sets  of  observations  as 
circumstances  allowed  us  to  make,  and  this,  the  favourable 
position  of  the  moon  enabled  us  to  do  in  the  most  satis- 
factory manner.  The  results  will  be  seen  on  the  map,  and 
the  observations  themselves  are  given  in  the  Apendix. 


152  Expedition  to  the 

During  the  extreme  heat  of  the  day  the  mercury  stood  at 
99^  in  a  fair  exposure.  This  extraordinary  degree  of  heat 
may  have  been,  in  some  degree,  occasioned  by  the  stagnation 
of  the  air  between  the  hills,  and,  possibly,  by  the  reverbera- 
tion of  the  sun's  rays  from  the  naked  sands;  but  the  instru- 
ment was  one  of  an  approved  character,  and  was  exposed  in 
the  deep  shade  of  an  extensive  grove  of  trees. 

As  yet  no  running  water  appeared  in  the  river,  but,  as  the 
pools  were  large,  and  some  of  them  little  frequented  by  the 
bisons,  we  were  no  longer  under  the  necessity  of  digging. 

Sept.  1st.  The  sycamore,  the  sesculus,  the  misseltoe,  and 
the  parroquet,  are  conspicuous  objects  in  the  deep  and  heavy 
forests  of  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi:  with  these  we  now  found 
ourselves  surrounded.  Bisons  were  comparatively  scarce 
along  this  part  of  the  river;  but  whether  this  was  owing  to 
the  near  approach  of  inhabited  countries,  or  to  the  great  ex- 
tent and  almost  impenetrable  density  of  the  forests  on  each 
side  of  the  river,  we  were  unable  to  determine.  At  night 
we  still  heard  the  growling  of  the  herds  in  the  distant  prai- 
ries, and  occasionally  saw  bisons  in  small  bodies  crossing  the 
river. 

The  Kaskaia  Indians  had  told  us  that  before  we  arrived 
at  the  village  of  the  Pawnee  Piquas,  we  should  pass  a  range 
of  blue  hills.  These  we  concluded  could  be  no  other  than 
hills  whose  sides  were  covered  with  forests,  like  those  we 
were  now  passing,  and,  accordingly,  we  watched  with  some 
anxiety  for  the  appearance  of  something  to  indicate  the  vici- 
nity of  an  Indian  village. 

As  we  pursued  our  way  along  the  serpentine  bed  of  the  ri- 
ver, the  valley  became  narrower,  the  hills  more  elevated,  and, 
as  we  crossed  the  rocky  points  of  their  bases,  we  observed 
that  the  sandstone  was  of  a  different  character  from  any  we 
had  before  seen.  It  contains  more  mica  than  that  of  the 
AUeghanies,  or  that  of  the  secondary  hills  along  the  base  of 
the  Rocky  Mountains.     It  glitters  conspicuously  like    mica 


Rocky  Mountains,  153 

siate  when  seen  in  the  sunshine,  and  this,  as  we  found  by 
examination,  does  not  depend  entirely  on  the  great  propor- 
tion of  mica  it  contains,  but  also,  in  some  degree,  on  the 
crystalline  structure  of  the  minute  particles.  Its  cement  is 
often  argillaceous,  and  this,  as  well  as  the  impressions  of 
Strobilaria*  and  other  organic  relics  we  observed  in  it,  induc- 
ed us  to  expect  the  occurrence  of  coal  beds. 

On  ascending  the  hills,  from  the  place  of  our  mid-day  en- 
campment, we  found  this  sandstone  at  an  elevation  of  about 
two  hundred  feet,  according  to  our  estimate,  from  the  bed 
of  the  river,  succeeded  by  a  stratum  of  limestone  of  the  com- 
mon compact  blue  variety,  abounding  in  casts  of  anomias, 
encrinites,  &c.  This  rests  horizontally  on  the  summits  of  the 
hills,  and  as  it  disintegrates  less  rapidly  than  the  sandstone 
which  forms  their  bases,  it  is  sometimes  left  projecting  in 
such  a  manner  as  to  render  access  impossible.  Climbing  to 
the  summit  of  some  of  the  hills  near  the  river,  we  had  the 
view,  towards  the  south  and  east,  of  a  wild  and  mountain- 
ous region,  covered  with  forests,  where,  among  the  bright 
verdure  of  the  oak,  the  nyssa,  and  the  castanea  pumila^  we 
distinguished  the  darker  shade  of  the  juniper,  and  others  of 
the  coniferae. 

A  little  before  arriving  at  the  place  of  our  evening  en- 
campment, we  observed  the  track  of  a  man  who  had  passed 
on  foot,  and  with  bare  feet,  down  the  river.  This  we  were 
confident  could  be  no  other  than  the  track  of  our  lost  inter- 
preter, Adams.  What  accident  could  have  deprived  him  of 
his  mule  we  were  at  a  loss  to  conjecture.  We  found  it 
equally  difficult  to  account  for  his  pushing  forward  with  such 
perseverance,  when  he  must  have  had  every  reason  to  be- 
lieve we  were  behind  him. 

2d.  The  morning  was  fair,  and  we  commenced  our  jour- 
ney by  sunrise.  At  a  little  distance  below  our  encampment, 
we  passed  the  mouth  of  a  large  tributary  from  the  south, 

•Kuttall, 
VOL.  n.  20 


154  Expedition  to  the 

It  was  about  sixty  yards  wide,  and  appeared  to  contain  con- 
siderable water  which  was  absorbed  in  the  sands  immediate- 
ly at  its  junction  with  the  larger  stream.  About  the  mouth 
of  this  creek  we  saw  the  remains  of  several  gar  fish  [Esox 
osseus'].  This  fish  is  protected  by  a  skin  so  flinty  and  incor- 
ruptible^ as  to  be  invulnerable  to  the  attack  of  birds  and 
beasts  of  prey,  and  even  when  the  internal  soft  parts  have 
been  dissolved  and  removed  by  putrefaction,  the  bony  cuticle 
retains  its  original  shape  like  that  of  the  trunk  and  limbs 
of  the  canoe  birch,  after  the  wood  has  rotted  away.  The 
gar  is  usually  found  in  deep  water,  lying  concealed  in  the 
places  where  the  small  fish  resort,  and  seizing  them  between 
his  elongated  jaws,  which  are  armed  with  numerous  small 
and  sharp  teeth.  This  fish,  though  not  held  in  high  estima- 
tion as  an  article  of  food,  is  little  inferior,  as  we  have  often 
found  by  experiment,  to  the  sturgeon  of  the  Hudson.  Its 
unsightly  aspect  produces  a  prejudice  against  it,  and  in  coun- 
tries of  such  abundance  as  those  watered  by  the  Mississippi 
and  its  tributaries,  a  creature  so  disgusting  in  appearance, 
and  of  so  unpromising  a  name,  is  rarely  eaten. 

We  had  passed  the  mouth  of  the  creek  about  a  mile,  when 
we  discovered  a  little  column  of  smoke  ascending  among 
some  scattered  oaks  on  the  right  bank  of  the  river.  Ap- 
proaching the  spot,  we  perceived  our  lost  interpreter,  who  had 
parted  from  us  five  days  before,  sitting  a  few  feet  in  advance 
of  his  fire.  When  we  discovered  him,  his  appearance  indica- 
ted the  deepest  despondency.  He  had  kindled  a  fire  upon  a 
little  rocky  eminence,  projecting  to  the  verge  of  the  river,  and 
seated  himself  near  it  upon  the  ground  with  his  face  turned 
towards  the  river,  as  if  in  expectation  of  relief  from  that  quar- 
ter. His  elbows  rested  upon  his  knees,  and  his  hands  support, 
cd  his  head.  Having  sat  in  long  expectation  of  seeing  us,  he 
had  fallen  asleep,  and  on  being  waked,  some  minutes  elapsed 
before  he  recovered  entire  self-possession  and  consciousness. 
His  long,  sun-burnt  hair  hung  loosely  about  9.  face,  it  could 


Rocky  Mountains.  155 

scarcely  be  said  to  shade,  and  on  which  famine  and  terror  had 
imprinted  a  frightful  expression  of  ghastliness.  Perhaps 
some  consciousness  of  having  acted  an  imprudent  and  rep- 
rehensible part,  prevented  any  demonstrations  of  joy  he  might 
otherwise  have  shown  at  sight  of  us.  Under  the  apprehen- 
sion that  accidents  of  this  kind  might  occur  it  had  repeated- 
ly been  enjoined  upon  all  the  party,  never  to  lose  sight  of 
the  main  body  when  on  the  march.  But  on  this  occasion,  no 
regard  was  paid  to  this  necessary  regulation. 

From  his  statement,  we  learned,  that  after  separating  from 
us  on  the  morning  of  the  29th  August,  he  had  returned  a 
mile  or  two,  to  search  for  his  canteen,  but  not  finding  it,  m 
his  hurry  -to  rejoin  the  party,  he  had  missed  the  trace,  and 
presently  found  himself  bewildered.     Taking  the  bed  of  the 
river  as  his  guide,  he  urged  on  his  mule  without  allowing  it 
time  to  rest,  or  to  feed,  till  on  the  third  day  it  refused    to 
proceed,  and  he  left  it.     He  then  took  his  baggage,  musket, 
&c.,  and  pushed  forward  on  foot,  evidently  with  the  hope  oi 
arriving  at  the  Pawnee  village;  but  by  the   end  of  the   day, 
found  his  strength  so  exhausted  that  he  could  go  no  farther, 
and  was  compelled  to  encamp.     Having  expended   his   am- 
munition in  unsuccessful  attempts  to  shoot  turkies,  he  had 
been  trying  to  make  a  substitute  for  fish  hooks   by   bending 
up  some  needles;  but  this  project  he  had  not  brought  to  per- 
fection, and  assured  us   he    had   not  tasted   food   since   the 
breakfast  of  the  29th,  a  period  of  more  than  five  days. 

The  Small  leaved  and  the  White  elm,*  the  Nettle  tree  or 
Hackberry,  the  Cotton-wood,  Mulberry,  Black  walnut,  Pe- 
can, Ash,  Sycamore,  and  most  of  the  trees  common  to  the 
low  grounds  of  the  Mississipi,  are  intermixed  here  to  form 
the  dense  forests  of  the  river  valley;  while  in  the  more  scat- 
tered woods  of  the  highlands,  the  prevailing  growth  is  Oak, 
with  some  species  of  Nyssa,  the  Dyospiros  and  a  few  other 
small  trees. 

*  Ulmus  americana,  and  U.  alata. 


1^6  Expedition  to  the 

At  evening  a  large  flock  of  white  pelicans  passed  us  on 
their  way  up  the  river. 

On  the  morning  of  the  3d,  not  having  been  able  to  select 
a  suitable  place  for  a  Sunday  encampment,  we  moved  on, 
searching  for  a  supply  of  grass,  that  we  might  halt  for  the 
day.  The  hunters  preceded  the  party,  and  meeting  with  a 
herd  of  bisons,  and  good  pasturage  in  the  same  place,  killed 
a  bull  of  a  most  gigantic  stature,  and  waited  until  the  remain- 
der of  the  party  came  up,  and  encamped  near  the  carcass. 

Having  arranged  our  camp,  and  performed  in  the  way  of 
washing,  dressing,  &c.,  the  little  in  ourpowertodo,we  made  an 
excursion  into  the  adjoining  forest,  to  collect  plants,  and  to 
search  for  honey,  which,  from  the  great  numbers  of  bees  we 
had  seen,  we  were  conscious  must  be  abundant.  Since  leav- 
ing the  open  country,  we  had  remarked  a  very  great  change 
in  the  vegetation.  The  dense  shade,  and  perhaps,  the  some- 
what confined  air  of  the  forest,  :are  unfavorable  to  the 
growth  of  many  of  those  grasses,  and  those  robust  perenni- 
als, which  seem  to  delight  in  the  arid  soils,  and  the  scorch- 
ing winds  of  the  sandy  desert.  The  sensitive  cassia  (C.  nic- 
titans.^  the  favorite  food  of  the  bees,  some  species  of  Hedy- 
sarum  and  a  few  other  leguminse,  are  however,  common  to 
both  regions. 

A  considerable  part  of  the  day  we  spent  in  unavailing  con- 
test with  the  ticks.  The  torment  of  their  stings  increased 
upon  us  if  we  were  a  moment  idle,  or  attempted  to  rest  our- 
selves under  the  shadow  of  a  tree.  We  considered  ourselves 
peculiarly  fortunate,  when  we  could  find  the  shade  of  a  tree 
extending  some  distance  on  the  naked  sands  of  the. river  bed, 
for  there  the  ticks  were  less  numerous.  In  the  middle  of  the 
day,  the  mercury  again  rose  to  97*>,  and  the  blowing  flies 
swarmed  in  such  numbers  about  our  blankets  and  clothing, 
as  to  allow  us  no  rest. 

About  the  pools  near  our  camp,  we  saw  the  little  white 
Egret;  the  snowy  Heron  had  been  common  for  some  days. 


Xocky  Mountains.  ISf 

Great  numbers  of  cranes,  ducks,  pelicans,  and  other  aquatic 
birds,  induced  us  to  believe,  that  larger  bodies  of  water  than 
we  had  recently  seen,  must  be  near. 

Bears  and  wolves  were  still  frequent.  Among  the  latter, 
we  observed  a  black  one  of  a  small  size,  which  we  believed 
to  be  specifically  different  from  any  of  those  we  had  seen 
above.  All  our  attempts  to  capture  this  watchful  animal, 
were  without  success.  Since  entering  the  region  of  forests, 
we  had  found  the  number  of  small  animals,  birds,  and  insects, 
considerably  increased.  An  enormous,  black,  hairy  spider,  re- 
sembling the  my  gale  avicularia  of  South  America,  was  often 
seen,  and  it  was  not  without  shuddering,  that  we  sometimes 
perceived  this  formidable  insect,  looking  out  from  his  hole, 
within  a  few  feet  of  the  spot,  on  which  we  had  thrown  our- 
selves down  to  rest. 

On  the  4th,  we  met  with  nothing  interesting,  except  the 
appearance  of  running  water  in  the  bed  of  the  river.  Since 
the  13th  of  the  preceding  month,  we  had  travelled  constant- 
ly along  the  river,  and  in  all  the  distance  passed  in  that  time, 
which  could  not  have  been  less  than  five  hundred  miles,  we 
had  seen  running  water  in  the  river,  in  one  or  two  instances 
only;  of  those,  one  in  it  had  evidently  been  occasioned  by  re- 
cent rains,  and  had  extended  but  a  mile  or  two,  when  it  dis- 
appeared. 


CHAPTER  IX. 

Madura  auran  tiaca — Birds — Falls  of  the  Canadian — Green 
arg-illaceous  sandstone — Northern  and  Southern  tributaries 
of  the  Canadian — Cotton-xvood — Arrival  at  the  Arkansa-^ 
Cane- brakes —  Cherokees — Belle  Point. 

The  region  we  were  now  traversing,  is  one  of  great  fertili- 
ty, and  we  had  daily  occasion  to  regret  that  our  visit  to  it  had 
not  been  made  earlier  in  the  season.  Many  unknown  plants 
were  observed,  but  their  flowering  season  being  past,  the 
fruit  of  many  (if  them  having  ripened  and  fallen,  we  were 
deprived  of  the  means  of  ascertaining  the  name  and  place  of 
such  as  had  been  heretofore  described,  and  of  describing 
such  as  were  new.  We  had,  however,  the  satisfaction  to 
recognize  some  interesting  productions,  among  which  we 
may  enumerate  a  very  beautiful  species  of  Bignonia,  and  the 
bow-wood  or  Osage  orange.*      The   rocky  hills  abound  in 

•  Madura  aurantiaca  ofJ^uttaH.  A  description  of  tliis  interesting' 
tree,  may  be  seen  in  Mr.  Nuttall's  valuable  work,  on  the  Genera  of 
North  American  plants,  page  233,  vol.  2d.  That  description  was  drawn 
from  specimens,  cultivated  in  the  g:arden  of  Mr.  Choteau,  at  St.  Louis, 
where,  as  might  be  expected,  the  tree  did  not  attain  its  full  size  and 
perfect  character.  In  its  native  wilds,  the  maclura  is  conspicuous  by 
its  showy  fruit,  in  size  and  external  appearance,  resembling  the  largest 
oranges.  The  leaves  are  of  an  oval  form,  with  an  undivided  margin, 
and  the  upjier  surface  of  a  smooth  shining  green;  they  are  five  or  six  in- 
ches long,  and  from  two  to  three  wide.  The  wood  is  of  a  yellowish  co- 
lour, uncommonly  fine  and  elastic,  affording  the  material  most  used  for 
bows,  by  all  the  sav\ges  from  the  Mississippi  to  the  Rocky  Mountains. 
How  far  tov  arris  tlic  North,  ils  use  extends,  we  have  not  been  in  formed, 
butwehavfcoften  seen  it  among  the  lower  tribes  of  the  Missouri,  who  procure 
it  in  trade  from  the  Osagcs,  and  the  Pawnees  of  Red  river.  The  bark, 
fruil,  &c.,  when  wounded,  discharges  a  copious  milky  sap,  which  soon  dries 
on  exposuie  and  is  insoluble  in  water  contaiiiing  probably,  like  the  milky 
juices  of  many  of  the  uRTrcA.ffia  largo  intermixture  of  Coatchouc  or  Gum 
Elastic.    Observing  this  property  in  the  milky  juice  of  the  fruit,  we  were 


Expedition^  ^c.  1 5  9 

trees  of  a  small  size,  and  the  cedars  are  sometimes  so  nu- 
merous, as  to  give  their  peculiar  and  gloomy  colouring  to 

the  landscape. 

Wd  listened,  as  we  rode  forward,  to  the  note   of  a  bird, 

new  to  some  of  us,  and  bearing  a  singular  resemblance  to  the 
noise  of  a  child's  toy  trumpet.  This  we  soon  found  to  be  the 
cry  of  the  great  ivory  billed  woodpecker,  {P'lcus principalis) 
the  largest  of  the  North  American  species,  and  confined  to  the 
warmer  parts.  The  P.  pileatus  we  had  seen  on  the  28th 
August,  more  than  one  hundred  miles  above,  and  this,  with 
the  P.  erythrocephalus^  were  now  common-  Turkies  were 
very  numerous.  The  paroquet,  chuck- wills  widow,  wood 
robin,  mocking  bird,  and  many  other  small  birds,  filled  the 
woods  with  life  and  music.  The  bald  eagle,  the  turkey- 
buzzard  and  black  vulture,  raven,  and  crow,  were  seen 
swarming  like  the  blowing  flies,  about  any  spot  where  a  bi- 
son, an  elk,  or  a  deer  had  fallen  a  prey  to  the  hunter.  About 
the  river  were  large  flocks  of  pelicans,  with  numbers  of  snowy 
herons,  and  the  beautiful  ardea  egretta. 

Soon  after  we  had  commenced  our  morning  ride,  we  heard 
the  report  of  a  gun,  at  a  distance  of  a  mile,  as  we  thought, 
on  our  left.  This  was  distinctly  heard  by  several  of  the  par- 
ty, and  induced  us  to  believe  that  white  hunters  were  in  the 

tempted  to  apply  it  to  our  skin,  where  it  formed  a  thin  and  flexible  var- 
nish, affording  us,  as  we  thought  some  protection  from  the  ticks. 

The  fruit  consists  of  radiating,  somtwhat  woody  fibres,  teiminating  in- 
a  tuberculated  and  sightly  papillose  surface.  In  this  fibrous  mass,  the 
seeds,  which  are  nearly  as  large  as  those  of  a  qumce,  are  disseminated, 
We  cannot  pretend  to  say  what  part  of  the  fruit  has  been  described,  as  the 
*'  pulp  wl  ich  is  nc'arly  as  succulent  as  that  of  an  orange,  sweetish,  and 
perhaps  agreeable  when  fully  ripe  "  In  our  opinion  tlie  whole  of  it  is  as 
disagreeable  to  the  taste  and  as  unfit  to  be  eaten,  as  tlie  fruit  of  the  Syca- 
more, to  which  it  has  almost  as  much  resemblance  as  to  the  orange 

The  tree  rises  to  the  height  of  twenty-five  or  thirty  feet,  dividing  near 
the  ground  into  a  number  of  long  slender,  and  fiexuous  branches.  It  in- 
habits deep  and  fertile  soils  along  the  river  valley.  The  Arkansa  appears 
to  be  (he  northern  limit  of  the  range  of  the  IVIaclura,  and  neither  on  that  riv- 
er nor  on  the  Canadian,  does  the  tree,  or  the  fruit,  attain  so  considerable  a 
aize,  as  in  warmer  latitudes.  Of  many  specimens  of  tlie  fruit  examined 
by  Major  Long,  at  the  time  of  his  visit  to  Red  river,  in  1817,  several  were 
found  measuring  five  and  a  half  inehes  in  diameter. 


160  Expedition  to  the 

neighbourhood.  We  had  recendy  seen  great  numbers  of 
elk,  and  killed  one  or  two,  which  we  had  found  in  bad  con- 
dition. 

6th.  Numerous  ridges  of  rocky  hills  traverse  the  country 
from  northeast  to  southwest,  crossing  the  direction  of  the 
river  obliquely.  They  are  of  a  sandstone  which  bears  suffi- 
cient evidence  of  belonging  to  a  coal  formation.  At  the  spot 
where  we  halted  to  dine,  one  of  these  ranges,  crossing  the 
river,  produces  an  inconsiderable  fall.  As  the  whole  width  of 
the  channel  is  paved  with  a  compact  horizontal  sandstone, 
we  believed  all  the  water  of  the  river  must  be  forced  up  to 
view,  and  were  surprised  to  find  the  quantity  something  less 
than  it  had  been  almost  six  hundred  miles  above  in  the  same 
stream.  It  would  appear,  that  all  the  water,  which  falls  in 
rains,  or  flows  from  springs  in  an  extent  of  country  far  greater 
than  Pennsylvania,  is  not  sufficient  to  supply  the  evaporation 
of  so  extensive  a  surface  of  naked  and  heated  sands. 

If  the  river,  of  which  we  speak,  should,  at  any  season  of 
the  year,  contain  water  enough  for  the  purposes  of  naviga- 
tion, it  is  probable  the  fall,  occasioned  by  the  rocky  traverse 
above  mentioned,  will  be  sufficient  to  prevent  the  passage 
upwards.  The  point  is  a  remarkable  one  as  being  the  locality 
of  a  rare  and  beautiful  variety  of  sandstone.  The  rock  which 
appears  in  the  bed  of  the  river  is  a  compact  slaty  sandstone 
of  a  deep  green  colour  resembling  some  varieties  of  chloritic 
slate.  Whether  the  colour  depends  upon  epidote  chlorite^  or 
some  other  substance,  we  were  not  able  to  determine.  The 
sandstone  is  micaceous,  but  the  particles  of  mica,  as  well  as 
those  of  the  other  integrant  minerals,  are  very  minutely  di- 
vided. The  same  rock,  as  we  found  by  tracing  it  to  some 
distance,  becomes  of  a  light  gray  colour,  and  contains  exten- 
sive beds  of  bituminous  clay  slate.  Its  stratifications  are  so 
little  inclined  that  their  dip  cannot  be  estimated  by  the  eye. 
This  point,  though  scarce  deserving  the  name  of  a  cataract, 
is  so  marked  by  the  occurrence  of  a  peculiar  bed  of  rocks 


Rocky  Mountains.  161 

crossing  the  river,  and  by  the  rapid  descent  of  the  current, 
th.t  it  niu)  readily  be  recognized  by  any  who  shall  pass  that 
way  hereafter.  In  this  view  we  attach  some  importance  to 
.it,  as  the  only  spot,  in  a  distance  of  six  hundred  miles,  we 
can  hope  to  identify  by  description.  In  ascending,  when  the 
traveller  arrives  at  this  point,  he  has  little  to  expect  beyond 
but  sandy  wastes,  and  thirsty  inhospitable  steppes.  The  skirts 
of  the  hilly  and  wooded  region  extend  to  a  distance  of  fifty 
or  sixty  miles  above;  but  even  this  district  is  indifferently 
supplied  with  water.  Beyond,  commences  the  wide  sandy  de- 
sert stretching  westward  to  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains. 
We  have  little  apprehension  of  giving  too  unfavorable  an  ac- 
count of  this  portion  of  the  country.  Though  the  soil  is,  in 
some  places,  fertile,  the  want  of  timber,  of  navigable  streams, 
and  of  water  for  the  necessities  of  life,  render  it  an  unfit 
residence  for  any  but  a  nomade  population.  The  traveller 
who  shall,  at  any  time,  have  traversed  its  desolate  sands  will, 
we  think,  join  us  in  the  wish  that  this  region  may  forever 
remain  the  unmolested  haunt  of  the  native  hunter,  the  bison, 
the  prairie  wolf,  and  the  marmot. 

One  mile  below  this  point,  (which  we  call  the  falls  of  the 
Canadian,  rather  for  the  sake  of  a  name  than  as  considering 
it  worthy  to  be  thus  designated, j  is  the  entrance  from  the 
south  of  a  river  fifty  yards  wide.  Its  banks  are  lined  with 
tall  forests  of  cotton-wood  and  sycamore,  and  its  bottoms 
are  wide  and  fertile.  Its  bed  is  less  choked  with  sand  than 
that  of  the  river  to  which  it  is  tributary.  Six  or  eight  miles 
farther  down,  and  on  the  other  side,  is  the  confluence  of  the 
Great  North  Fork,  discharging  at  least  three  times  as  much 
■water  as  we  found  above  it.  It  is  about  eighty  yards  wide. 
The  beds  of  both  these  tributaries  are  covered  with  water 
from  shore  to  shore;  but  they  have  gentle  currents,  and  are 
not  deep,  and  neither  of  them  have,  in  any  considerable  de- 
gree, that  red  tinge  which  characterises  the  Canadian.  We 
have  already  mentioned,  that  what  we  consider  the  sources 

VOL.    II.  21 


162  Expedition  to  the 

of  the  North  Fork  are  in  the  floetz  trap  country,  nearly 
opposite  those  of  Purgatory  creek  of  the  Arkansa.  Of  one 
of  its  northern  tributaries  we  have  received  some  infor 
mation  from  the  recent  work  of  Mr.  Nuttall,  who  crossed 
it  in  his  journey  to  the  Great  Salt  river  of  Arkansa,  in  1819. 
"Still  proceeding,"  says  he,  "a  little  to  the  north  of  west, 
about  ten  miles  further,  we  came  to  a  considerable  rivulet  of 
clear  and  still  water,  deep  enough  to  awim  our  horses.  This 
stream  was  called  the  Little  North  Fork  (or  branch)  of  the 
Canadian,  and  emptied  into  the  main  North  Fork  of  the 
same  river  nearly  two  hundred  miles  distant,  including  its 
meanders,  which  had  been  ascended  by  the  trappers  of  bea- 
ver."* From  his  account  it  appears  that  the  banks  of  this 
stream  are  wooded,  and  that  the  "  superincumbent  rock" 
is  a  sandstone,  not  of  the  red  formation,  but  probably  belong- 
ing to  a  coal  district. 

Its  water,  like  that  of  the  Arkansa  and  its  northern  tribu- 
taries, when  not  swelled  by  rains,  is  of  a  greenish  colour. 
This  colouring  is,  sometimes,  so  intense  in  the  rivers  of 
this  region  as  to  suggest  the  idea  that  the  water  is  filled  with 
minute  confervas,  or  other  floating  plants;  but  when  we  see  it 
by  transmitted  light,  as  when  a  portion  of  it  is  held  in  a  glass 
vessel,  the  colour  disappears. 

Three  and  an  half  miles  below  the  confluence  of  the  North 
Fork  is  a  remarkable  rock,  standing  isolated  in  the  middle 
of  the  river,  like  the  Grand  Tower  in  the  Mississippi.  It  is 
about  seventy-five  feet  high,  and  fifty  or  sixty  in  diameter, 
and  its  sides  so  perpendicular  as  to  render  the  summit  in- 
accessible. It  appears  to  have  been  broken  from  a  high 
promontory  of  gray  sandstone  overhanging  the  river  on  the 
north  side. 

Not  being  able  to  find  grass  for  pasture,  we  rode  later  than 
usual,  and  were  finally  compelled  to  encamp  on  a  sandy  beach, 
which  afforded  nothing  but  rushes  for  our  horses. 

•  Journal  of  Travels  into  the  Arkansa  Territory,  by  Thomas  Nuttall, 
4-c.  page  200. 


Rocky  Mountains.  163 

8th.  The  quantity  of  water  in  the  river,  had  now  become 
so  considerable,  as  to  impede  our  descent  along  the  bed,  but 
the  valley  was  narrow  and  so  filled  with  close  and  entangled 
forests,  and  the  uplands  so  broken  and  rugged,  that  no  other 
path  appeared  to  remain  for  us.  We  therefore  concinued  to 
make  our  way,  though  with  great  difficulty,  and  found  our 
horses  much  incommoded,  by  being  kept  almost  constantly 
in  the  water,  as  we  were  compelled  to  do,  to  cross  from  the 
point  of  a  sand  bar  on  one  side  the  river,  to  the  next  on  the 
Other.  Quicksands  also  occurred,  and  in  places  where  we 
least  expected  it,  our  horses  and  ourselves  were  made  to  bite 
the  dust^  without  a  moment's  notice.  These  sudden  falls,  oc- 
casioned b\-  sinking  in  the  sand,  and  the  subsequent  exer- 
tions necessary  to  extricate  themselves,  proved  extremely 
harrassing  to  our  jaded  horses,  and  we  had  reason  to  fear, 
that  they  would  fail  us,  in  our  utmost  need. 

Above  the  falls  the  width  of  the  river,  that  is,  of  the  space 
included  between  its  two  banks,  varies  from  three  hundred 
yards,  to  two  miles;  below,  it  is  uniformly  narrower,  scarce 
exceeding  four  hundred  yards.  The  beaches  are  sloping,  and 
often  covered  with  young  cotton-wood  or  willow  trees.  In 
the  Missouri,  Mississippi,  and  to  some  extent  in  the  Arkan- 
sa,  and  its  tributaries,  the  islands,  sand-bars,  and  even  the 
banks  are  constantly  shifting  place.  In  the  progress  of  these 
changes,  the  young  willows  and  cotton-wood  trees,  which 
spring  up  wherever  a  naked  beach  is  exposed,  may  be  sup- 
posed to  have  some  agency,  by  confining  the  soil  with  their 
roots,  and  arresting  the  dirt  and  rubbish  in  times  of  high 
water.  In  the  Missouri,  the  first  growth  which  springs  up  in 
these  places,  is  so  commonly  the  willow,  that  the  expressions 
"willow  bar,"  and  "willow  island,"  have  passed  into  the 
language  of  the  boatmen,  and  communicate  the  definite  idea 
of  a  bar  or  an  island,  recently  risen  from  the  water.  These 
willows  become  intermixed  with  the  cotton-wood,  and  these 
threes  are  often  almost  the  exclusive  occupants  of  extensive 


164  Exptiiition  to  the 

portions  of  the  low  grounds.  The  foliage  of  the  most  com- 
mon species  of  willow,  (S.  angustata^  is  of  a  light  green 
colour,  and  when  seen  under  certain  angles,  of  a  silvery  gray, 
contrasting  beautifully  with  the  intense  and  vivid  green  of  the 
cotton-wood.*  Within  a  few  rods  of  the  spot  where  we  halt- 
ed to  dine,  we  were  so  fortunate  as  to  find  a  small  log  canoe, 
made  fast  on  shore.  From  its  appearance,  we  were  assured 
it  had  been  some   months   deserted  by  its  rightful  owner, 

*  This  tree,  the  Populus  angulata  of  Pursh,  has  received  its  com- 
mon name  from  the  downy  cotton  like  appendage  to  the  seed,  which 
being  ripened  and  shed  in  Mayor  the  beginning  of  June,  is  then  seen 
floating  in  the  air  in  great  quantities,  and  often  proves  somewhat  trouble- 
some to  the  eyes  and  noses  of  persons,  who  are  much  in  the  open  air.  Ba- 
ron Humboldt,  in  speaking  of  tlie  Unona  aromatica  of  South  America, 
says,  "  its  branches  are  straight,  and  rise  in  a  pyramid,  nearly  like  those 
of  the  poplar  of  the  Mississippi,  falsely  called  lombardy  poplar."  Pers. 
Nar.  p.  163,  Vol.  5.  As  far  as  our  observation  has  extended,  the  poplar 
most  common  in  the  country  of  the  Mississippi,  and  indeed  almost  the 
only  one  which  occurs,  is  the  angulata^  very  distinct  from  the  P.  dilatata, 
the  lombardy  poplar  of  our  streets  and  yards,  which  is  not  a  native  of  this 
country.  The  branches  of  the  cotton-wood  tree  are  not  very  numerous, 
particularly  where  it  occurs  in  forests,  as  is  the  case  on  the  Mississippi, 
below  the  confluence  of  the  Missouri,  and  in  the  alluvial  lands  of  most  of 
the  rivers  in  the  United  States,  and  show  less  tendency  to  arrange  them- 
selves in  a  pyramidal  form,  than  ihose  of  almost  any  other  tree.  In  the 
open  country  west  of  the  Mississippi,  where  in  the  distance  of  one  hun- 
dred miles,  some  dozens  of  scattered  cotton-wood  trees  may  be  found; 
their  tops  are  peculiarly  low  and  straggling,  as  is  the  case  with  indi- 
viduals of  the  same  species,  which  have  grown  in  open  fields,  and  by  the 
road  sides  in  various  places. 

This  tree  is  perhaps  as  widely  distributed,  as  any  indigenous  to  North 
America,  extending  at  least  from  Canada  to  Louisiana,  and  from  the  At- 
lantic to  the  lower  part  of  Columbia  river-  It  is,  however,  so  peculiarly 
frequent  in  every  part  of  the  country,  watered  by  ihe  Mississippi  audits 
tributaries,  that  it  may  with  as  little  absurdity,  as  usually  attends  names 
referring  to  locality,  be  called  the  Mississippi  poplar.  It  is  probuble,  that 
nearly  one  half  of  the  whole  number  of  trees,  in  the  recent  alluvial  grounds 
or  bottom  lands  of  the  Mississippi  and  its  tributaries,  are  of  this  species. 
Whether  it  vvas  considered  by  Humboldt,  as  identical  with  the  lombardj 
poplar  of  our  streets,  we  cannot  decide. 

The  cotton-wood  varies  in  magnitude,  in  proportion  to  the  fertility  of 
the  soil,  and  on  the  Ohio,  the  Mississippi,  and  the  Arkansa,  it  attains  the 
size  of  our  largest  forest  trees.  It  is  sometimes  exceeded  in  girth,  and  in 
the  number  and  extent  of  its  branches,  by  the  majestic  sycamore,  but  in 
forests  where  the  two  are  intermixed,  as  is  commonly  the  case,  it  is  seen 
to  overtop  all  other  trees. 

A  cotton-wood  tree  mentioned  in  the  Journal  of  the  Exploring  Party, 
who  ascended  Red  river  in  ,806,  and  spoken  of  as  one  of  many  similar 
trees,,  standing  in  a  cornfield,  three  or  four  days  journey  above  Natchito- 


Rocky  Mountains.  165 

sind  from  the  necessity  of  our  situation,  thought  ourselves 
justified  in  seizing,  and  converting  it  to  our  own  use.  Our 
pack-horses  had  become  much  weakened,  and  reduced  by 
long  fatigue,  and  in  crossing  the  river,  as  we  had  often  to  do, 
we  felt  that  our  collections,  the  only  valuable  part  of  our 
^^8S^ge»  were  constantly  exposed  to  the  risk  of  being  wetted. 
We  accordingly  made  prize  of  the  canoe,  and  putting  on 
board  our  packs  and  heavy  baggage,  manned  it  with  two 
men,  designing  that  they  should  navigate  it  down  to  the  set- 
tlements. Not  far  from  this  canoe,  we  discovered  in  the  ad- 
joining woods,  the  remains  of  an  old  camp,  which  we  per- 
ceived had  been  occupied  by  white  men,  and  saw  other  con- 
vincing proofs,  that  we  were  coming  near  some  inhabited 
country. 

We  halted  at  evening  in  a  small  prairie,  on  the  north  side 
of  the  river,  the  first  we  had  seen  for  some  time.  The  diffi- 
culties of  navigation,  arising  from  the  shallowness  of  the  wa- 
ter, prevented  the  arrival  of  the  canoe  and  baggage,  until  a 

ohes,  measured  one  hundred  and  forty-one  feet  and  six  inches  in  height, 
and  five  feet  in  diameter,*  which  is  exceeded  by  few  trees,  except  the  sy- 
camore, in  the  temperate  parts  of  North  America.  [Freeman^  MS, 
Journal.]  Though  we  have  not  actual  admeasurements  to  compare  with 
this,  we  are  of  opinion,  that  many  trees  on  the  Arkansa,  would  rather  ex- 
ceed, than  fall  short  of  these  dimensions.  The  cotton-wood  affords  a  light 
and  soft  thnber,  not  very  durable,  except  when  protected  from  the  wea- 
ther. Before  expansion,  the  buds  of  this  tree  are  partially  covered  with  a 
Tiscid  resinous  exudation,  resembling  that  so  conspicuous  on  the  buds  of 
the  P.  balsaniifera,  and  diffusing  in  spring  and  the  early  part  of  summer, 
an  extremely  grateful  balsamic  odour. 

*  According  to  Pennant,  the  gran  or  JVorwayfir,  (Pinus  abies,  P.)  the 
loftiest  of  European  trees  attains  only  the  height  of  one  hundred  and  sixty 
feet,  [bee  Introd.  to  his  Arctic  Zoology,  p.  103.]  The  pines  of  Nootka 
Sound  are  one  hundred  and  twenty  feet  high.  [Barriugton's  Misc.  290.] 
Gov.  Phillip  relates,  that  the  pines  of  Norfolk  island,  are  sometimes  one 
hundred  and  eighty  feet  high,  and  nine  or  ten  in  diameter  at  the  bottom 
of  the  trunk,  but  these  are  considered  trees  of  astonishing  magnitude.  Can 
it  be  credited,  that  a  species  of  pine  on  the  Columbia,  is  commonly  twen- 
ty-seven feet  in  circumference,  six  feet  above  the  earth's  surface,  and 
two  hundred  and  thirty  feet  high,  rising  one  hundred  and  twenty  feet 
without  a  limb.'  We  have  it  on  the  unquestioned  authority  of  Lewis 
and  Clark,  p.  156,  V.  2,  that  they  found  one  tree,  whose  trunk  rose  two 
hundred  feet  without  limbs,  and  whose  entire  height  was  three  hundred 
feet.  This  tree  appears,  from  their  description,  to  hare  been  an  Abies, 


166  Expedition  to  the 

late  hour.  The  men  had  been  compelled  to  wade  a  great 
part  of  the  way,  and  drag  the  canoe  over  the  sand. 

9th.  We  had  proceeded  a  mile  or  two  from  our  encamp- 
ment, when  we  discovered  a  herd  of  twenty  or  thirty  elk, 
some  standing  in  the  water,  and  some  lying  upon  the  sand 
beach,  at  no  great  distance  before  us.  The  hunters  went  for- 
ward, and  singling  out  one  of  the  finest  bucks,  fired  upon 
him;  at  which  the  whole  herd  plunged  into  the  thicket,  and 
disappeared.  We  had,  however,  too  much  confidence  in  the 
skill  of  the  hunter,  to  doubt  but  his  shot  had  been  fatal,  and 
several  of  the  party  dismounting,  pursued  the  herd  into  the 
woods,  where  they  soon  overtook  the  wounded  buck.  I'he 
noble  animal,  finding  his  pursuers  at  his  heels,  turned  upon 
the  foremost,  who  saved  himself  by  springing  into  a  thicket, 
which  the  elk  could  not  penetrate,  but  in  which  he  soon  be- 
came entangled  by  his  enormous  antlers,  and  fell  an  easy 
victim.  His  head  was  enveloped  in  such  a  quantity  of  cissus, 
smilax,  and  other  twining  vines,  that  scarce  the  tips  of  his 
horns  could  be  seen:  thus  blindfolded,  he  stood  until  most 
of  those,  who  had  followed  into  the  woods,  had  discharged 
their  pieces,  and  did  not  finally  yield  to  his  foes,  until  he  was 
stabbed  to  the  heart  with  a  knife.  He  was  found  in  excellent 
condition,  having  more  than  two  inches  of  fat  on  the  brisket. 
The  meat  was  carried  to  the  river,  and  deposited  on  a  pro- 
jecting point  of  rocks,  with  a  note  addressed  to  the  men  who 
were  behind  with  the  canoe,  directing  them  to  add  this  sup- 
ply of  provisions  to  their  cargo. 

At  this  point,  and  again  at  an  inconsiderable  distance  be- 
low, a  soft  green  slaty  sandstone  forms  the  bed  of  the  river, 
and  occasions  a  succession  ot  rapids.  • 

At  noon  an  observation  by  the  meridian  altitude  of  the 
sun's  lower  limb  gave  us  ZS"  80'  as  an  approximation  to  our 
latitude.  This  was  much  greater  than  we  had  anticipated, 
from  the  position  assigned  to  Red  river  on  the  maps,  and 
♦ended  to  confirm  the  unpleasant  fears  we  had  entertained  of 


Rocky  Mountains.  167 

having  mistaken  some  tributary  of  the  Arkansa  for  the  Red 
river. 

Thick  and  extensive  cane  brakes  occurred  on  all  sides, 
and  though  the  bottoms  were  wide  and  covered  with  heavy 
forests,  we  could  see,  at  intervals,  the  distant  sandstone  hills 
with  their  scattered  forests  of  cedar  and  oak. 

10th.  We  left  our  camp  at  the  usual  hour,  and,  after  riding 
eight  or  ten  miles,  arrived  at  the  confluence  of  our  supposed 
Red  river  with  another  of  a  much  greater  size,  which  we  at 
once  perceived  to  be  the  Arkansa.  Our  disappointment 
and  chagrin,  at  discovering  the  mistake  we  had  so  long 
laboured  und  r,  was  little  alleviated  by  the  consciousness  that 
the  season  was  so  far  advanced,  our  horses  and  our  means  so 
far  exhausted,  as  to  place  it  beyond  our  power  to  return  and 
attempt  the  discovery  of  the  sources  of  Red  river.  We  had 
been  misled  by  some  little  reliance  on  the  maps,  and  the  cur- 
rent statements  concerning  the  position  of  the  upper  branches 
of  Red  river,  and  more  particularly  by  the  confident  assu- 
rance we  had  received  from  the  Kaskaia  Indians,  whom  we 
did  not  suspect  of  a  wish  to  deceive  us  in  an  affair  of  such 
indifference  to  them.  Knowing  there  was  a  degree  of  am- 
biguity and  confusion  in  the  nomenclature  of  the  rivers,  we 
had  insisted  particularly  on  being  informed  whether  the  river 
we  were  descending,  was  the  one  on  which  the  Pawnee  Pi- 
quas  had  their  permanent  residence,  and  this  we  were  re« 
peatedly  assured  was  the  case.  Several  other  circumstances, 
which  have  been  already  mentioned,  led  us  to  the  commis- 
sion of  this  unfortunate  mistake. 

According  to  our  estimate  of  distances  on  our  courses,  it 
is  seven  hundred  ninety-six  and  a  half  miles  from  the  point 
where  we  first  struck  the  Canadian  to  its  confluence  with  the 
Arkansa.  If  we  make  a  reasonable  allowance  for  the  mean- 
ders of  the  river,  and  for  the  extension  of  its  upper  branches 
some  distance  to  the  west  of  the  place  where  we  commenced 
our  descent,  the  entire  length  of  the  Canadian  will  appear  to 


16«  Expedition  to  the 

be  about  one  thousand  miles.  Our  journey  upon  it  had  oc- 
cupied a  space  of  seven  weeks,  travelling  with  the  utmost 
diligence  the  strength  of  our  horses  would  permit. 

On  arriving  at  the  Arkansa,  we  waited  a  short  time  for 
our  canoe,  in  which  we  carried  across  our  heavy  baggage, 
and  then  swimming  our  horses,  ascended  the  bank  in  search 
of  a  place  to  encamp,  but  soon  found  ourselves  surrounded 
by  a  dense  and  almost  impenetrable  cane-brake,  where  no 
vestige  of  a  path  could  be  found.  In  this  dilemma,  no  al- 
ternative remained  but  to  force  our  way  forward,  by  the 
most  laborious  exertions.  The  canes  were  of  a  large  size, 
and  stood  so  close  together,  that  a  horse  could  not  move 
forward  the  length  of  his  body  without  breaking,  by  main 
force,  a  great  number  of  them.  Making  our  way,  with  ex- 
cessive toil,  among  these  gigantic  gramina,  our  party  might 
be  said  to  resemble  a  company  of  rats  traversing  a  sturdy 
field  of  grass.  The  cane  stalks,  after  being  trod  to  the  earth, 
often  inflicted,  in  virtue  of  their  elasticity,  blows  as  severe  as 
they  were  unexpected.  It  is  not  to  be  supposed,  that  our 
horses  alone  felt  the  inconvenience  of  this  sort  of  travelling. 
We  received  frequent  blows  and  bruises  on  all  parts  of  our 
bodies,  had  our  sweaty  faces  and  hands  scratched  by  the 
rough  leaves  of  the  cane,  and,  oftentimes,  as  our  attention 
was  otherwheres  directed,  we  caught  with  our  feet,  and 
had  dragged  across  our  shins  the  flexible  and  spiny  stalks  of 
the  green  briar. 

This  most  harrassing  ride  was  commenced  at  eleven  in  the 
morning,  and  continued,  without  a  moment's  intermission, 
till  sunset,  when  finding  we  were  not  about  to  extricate  our- 
selves, we  returned  near  a  mile  and  a  half  on  our  track,  to 
a  spot  where  we  had  passed  a  piece  of  open  woods,  large 
enough  to  spread  our  blankets  on.  Here  we  laid  ourselves 
down  at  dark,  much  exhausted  by  our  day's  journey. 

Our  fatigue  was  sufficient  to  overcome  the  irritation  of  the 
ticks,  and  we  slept  soundly  until  about  midnight,  when  we 


Rocky  Mountai7is.  169 

were  awakened  by  the  commencement  of  a  heavy  fall  of 
rain,  from  which,  as  we  had  not  been  able  to  setup  our  tent, 
we  had  no  shelter. 

On  the  following  morning,  after  several  hours  spent  in 
most  laborious  travelling,  like  that  of  the  preceding  day,  we 
found  ourselves  emerging  from  the  river  bottom,  and,  to 
our  great  satisfaction,  exchanging  the  cane-brakes  for  open 
woods.  At  the  foot  of  the  hill,  lay  a  deep  morass,  covered 
with  the  Nelumbo  and  other  aquatic  plants.  It  had,  proba- 
bly, been  the  former  bed  of  the  Arkarisa.  Observing  water 
in  some  parts  of  it,  several  of  the  party  attempted  to  pene- 
trate to  it,  to  drink,  but  the  quaking  bog  was  found  so  deep 
and  soft  as  to  be  wholly  impassable. 

After  ascending  the  hills,  we  pursued  our  course  nearly 
due  north,  through  open  woods  of  oak  and  nyssa,  until  we 
reached  the  prairie,  and  soon  after  discovered  a  large  and 
frequented  path,  which  we  knew  could  be  no  other  than  that 
leading  to  Fort  Smith.  On  emerging  from  the  low  grounds, 
we  had  no  longer  the  prospect  of  boundless  and  monotonous 
plains.  We  were  in  a  region  of  mountains  and  forests  in- 
terspersed wit-h  open  plains,  but  these  were  of  limited  ex- 
tent. 

12th.  We  resumed  our  journey  at  sunrise.  The  weather 
was  cool  and  the  morning  fair.  The  wide  and  densely 
wooded  valley  of  the  Arkansa  lay  on  our  right.  The  course 
of  the  river  was  marked  by  a  long  and  undulating  line  of 
mist,  brightening  in  the  beams  of  the  rising  sun.  Beyond, 
rose  the  blue  summits  of  the  Point  Sucre  and  Cavaniol  moun- 
tains, "  in  the  clear  light,  above  the  dews  of  morn."  Though 
the  region  about  us  had  all  the  characters  of  a  mountain 
district,  we  could  discover  little  uniformity  in  the  direc- 
tion of  the  ranges.  The  Cavaniol  and  Point  Sucre  moun- 
tains stand  on  opposite  sides  of  the  Poteau,  near  the  mouth 
of  the  Meline  fork,  and  are  parts  of  low  ridges  running 
from   southwest  to  northeast.     On  the  north  side  of  the  Ar- 

VOT..  TT.  22 


170  Expedition  to  the 

kansa  is  a  ridge  of  considerable  elevation,  nearly  parallel  in 
direction  to  the  general  course  of  the  river. 

In  the  path  we  were  travelling,  we  observed  tracks  indi- 
cating that  men  on  horseback  had  recently  passed,  and  in  the 
course  of  the  morning  we  met  a  party  of  six  or  eight  Indians 
who  informed  us  they  were  of  the  Cherokee  nation,  and  that 
we  should  be  able  to  arrive  at  the  military  post  at  Belle  Point 
on  the  following  morning.  They  were  on  horseback,  carry- 
ing guns,  kettles,  and  other  articles  suited  to  a:  hunting  ex- 
cursion, which  it  v/as  their  purpose  to  make  in  the  territory 
of  the  Osages.  Two  or  three  of  them  had  round  hats;  all 
had  calico  shirts,  or  some  other  article  of  foreign  fabric,  as 
part  of  their  dress,  and,  in  all,  a  mean  and  squalid  appear- 
ance, indicated  that  they  had  been  in  habits  of  frequent  in- 
tercourse with  the  whites.  They  were  unable  to  speak  or 
understand  our  language,  but  communicated  with  considera- 
ble ease  by  means  of  signs. 

At  eleven  o'clock  we  halted,  and  as  our  provisions  were 
nearly  exhausted,  most  of  the  party  went  out  to  hunt,  but 
were  not  fortunate  in  meeting  game.  We  found,rfiowever, 
some  papaw  trees,  with  ripe  fruit  of  an  uncommon  size  and 
delicious  flavor,  with  which  we  were  able  to  allay  our  hunger. 
The  papaw  tree  attains  a  much  larger  size,  and  the  fruit  ar- 
rives at  greater  perfection  in  the  low  grounds  of  the  Arkan- 
sa  than  on  the  Missouri,  Ohio,  and  upper  Mississippi,  where 
it  is  also  common.  The  papaws  fall  to  the  ground  as  soon 
as  fully  ripe,  and  are  eagerly  sought  after  b}-  the  bears, 
racoons,  opossums,  &c. 

In  the  afternopn  one  of  our  mules  failed  so  far,  that  the 
undivided  attention,  and  the  most  active  exertions  of  two 
men  were  required  to  keep  him  moving  at  the  rate  of  a  slow 
walk.  This  made  it  necessary  we  should  encamp,  and  we 
accordingly  selected  a  spot  in  a  fine  open  grove,  where  we 
pitched  our  tent.     Among  other  interesting  plants,  we  col- 


Rocky  Mountains .  1  f  1 

iccted  here  the  beautiful  vexillaiia*  virginica  of  Eaton, 
which  has  the  largest  flower  of  any  of  the  legumiua  of  the 
United  States,  as  is  I'emarked  by  Mr.  Nuttall.  We  saw  al- 
so the  menispermum  lyoni  Hieracium  marianiim,  Rhexia 
virginica^  &c. 

As  we  encamped  at  an  early  hour,  the  party  dispered  in 
various  directions  in  search  of  game.  Nothing  was  found  ex- 
cept a  swarm  of  bees  affording  as  much  honey  as  we  chose 
to  eat  for  supper.  While  engaged  in  felling  the  tree,  we  heard 
several  guns,  at  a  distance,  and  by  sending  persons  to  ex- 
amine, we  learned  that  they  were  those  of  a  party  of  men  ac- 
companying Mr.  Hugh  Glen  on  his  way  from  Fort  Smith, 
to  the  trading  house  at  the  mouth  of  the  Verdigris.  In  the 
evening  we  received  a  visit  from  Mr.  Glen,  whose  camp  was 
distant  only  about  a  mile  from  ours.  He  was  the  first  white 
man,  not  of  our  own  party,  whom  we  had  seen  since  the  6th 
of  the  preceding  June.  From  him  we  received  a  highly  ac- 
ceptable present  of  coffee,  biscuits,  a  bottle  of  spirits,  &c,; 
also  the  welcome  intelligence  that  Captain  Bell,  with  his  di- 
vision of  the  exploring  party,  had  arrived  at  Fort  Sonith  some 
days  previous. 

Early  on  the  loth,  we  took  up  our  march  in  a  heavy  fall 
of  rain,  which  continued  until  we  arrived  at  the  little  planta- 
tion opposite  Belle  Poiiit.  Here  we  emerged  from  the  deep 
silence  and  twilight  gloom  of  the  forest,  and  found  our- 
selves once  more  surrounded  by  the  works  of  men.  The 
plantation  consisted  of  a  single  enclosure  covered  with  a 
thick  crop  of  maize  intermixed  with  gigantic  stalks  of  the 
Phytolacca  decandra^  and  Ricinus palma'Chrht'i^  forming  a 
forest  of  annual  plants,  which  seemed  almost  to  vie  with 
miegias  and  annonas,  occupying  the  adjacent  portions  of  the 
river  bottom. 

Urged  by  our   impatience  to  see  human  faces,  we  called 

*  We  have  adopted  this  uame  from  the  author  of  the  "  Manual  of  Bota- 
ny," as  a  substitute  for  that  of  the  1712  Genus  of  Persoon  which  has  been 
so  severely  censured  by  President  Smith  in  Rees'  Cyclopedia.  It  is  equal- 
ly appropiiate  with  the  old  name. 


172  Expedition,  ^c, 

out  to  the  people  in  the  cottage  to  direct  us  to  Belle  Point, 
although  we  knew  the  path  could  not  be  mistaken,  and  that 
we  were  not  ten  rods  from  the  ferry.  Notwithstanding 
our  inquiries  might  have  been  thought  impertinent,  we 
were  very  civilly  answered  by  a  young  woman,  who  came  to 
the  door,  and  attempted  to  silence  the  clamours  of  the  dogs. 
We  were  not  surprised  to  find  our  uncouth  appearance  a 
matter  of  astonishment  both  to  dogs  and  men. 

On  arriving  at  the  beach  opposite  Fort  Smith,  and  making 
known  our  arrival  by  the  discharge  of  a  pistol,  we  perceived 
the  inhabitants  of  the  garrison  and  our  former  companions, 
coming  down  to  the  ferry  to  give  us  welcome  :  and  being 
soon  carried  over,  we  met  from  Major  Bradford  and  Captain 
Ballard,  a  most  cordial  reception.  Captain  Bell,  with  Mr. 
Say,  Mr.  Seymour,  and  Lieutenant  Swift,  having  experienced 
numerous  casualties^  and  achieved  various  adventures,  hav- 
ing suffered  much  from  hunger,  and  more  from  the  perfidy 
of  some  of  their  soldiers,  had  arrived  on  the  9th,  and  were 
all  in  good  health.  The  lass  most  sensibly  felt,  was  that  of 
the  manuscript  notes  of  Mr.  Say  and  Lieutenant  Swift.  Mea- 
sures for  the  apprehension  of  the  deserters,  and  the  recovery 
of  these  important  papers  were  taken  immediately,  and  a  re- 
ward of  two  hundred  dollars  offered.  Mr.  Glen  had  kindly 
volunteered  his  assistance,  and  his  influence,  to  engage  the 
Osages  in  the  pursuit.  But  these  efforts  were  unavailing. 

We  arrived  at  Fort  Smith  at  about  nine  o'clock,  and  were 
.soon  afterwards  invited  to  a  bountifully  furnished  breakfast- 
table  at  Major  Bradford's.  Our  attentive  host,  knowing  the 
caution  necessary  to  be  used  by  men  in  our  situation,  re- 
strained us  from  a  too  unbounded  indulgence  in  the  use  of 
bread,  sweet  potatoes,  and  other  articles  of  diet,  to  which  we 
had  been  long  unaccustomed.  The  experience  of  a  few  days 
taught  us  that  we  should  have  been  fortunate  had  we  given 
more  implicit  heed  to  his  cautions. 

It  is  now  necessary  to  return,  and  attend  Captain  Bell's 
detachment  of  the  party,  in  their  progress  down  the  Arkansa. 


CHAPTER  X* 

The  party  proceed  upon  their  route — Thunder  storm — Some 
account  of  the  Kiawa,  Kaskaia^  Arrapaho^  and  Shienne 
Indians — Neru  species  of  toad. 

24th.  After  the  departure  of  so  great  a  portion  of  our 
number,  combined  with  whom,  we  could  hardly  be  regarded 
as  sufficiently  powerful  to  contend  successfully  with  a  force 
which  we  were  daily  liable  to  encounter,  we  were  well  aware 
of  the  necessity  of  exerting  an  increased  vigilance,  and  of 
relying  still  more  implicitly  upon  our  individual  means  of 
defence  than  we  had  hitherto  done.  Our  small  band  now 
consisted  of  Captain  Bell,  Lieutenant  Swift,  Mr.  Seymour, 
Mr.  Say,  and  the  interpreters  Bijeau,  Ledoux,  and  Julien, 
with  five  soldiers. 

We  were  cheered  by  the  reflection  that  we  had  success- 
fully performed  a  very  considerable  and  most  important  part 
of  our  expedition,  harmonizing  well  with  each  other,  and 
unassailed  by  any  urgent  visible  dangers,  such  as  had  been 
anticipated  by  ourselves,  and  predicted  by  others-  We  could 
not,  however,  look  forward  to  the  trackless  desert  which 
still  separated  us  from  the  uttermost  boundary  of  civiliza- 
tion, and  which  we  had  no  reason  to  believe  was  less  than 
one  thousand  miles  in  breadth,  traversed,  in  many  portions 
of  its  extent,  by  lawless  war  parties  of  various  nations  of 
Indians,  without  an  emotion  of  anxiety  and  of  doubt,  as  to 
the  successful  termination  of  our  enterprize. 

We  were  this  afternoon  assailed  by  a  very  severe  thunder 

*  This  account  of  the  Expedition  down  the  Arkansa  river  is  from  the 
MS.  of  Mr.  Say. 


174  Expedition  to  the 

storm;  and  Julien,  who  had  skirted  the  timber  for  the  pur- 
pose of  hunting,  was  electrified  by  a  flash  of  lightning  which 
entered  the  earth  within  a  few  yards  of  him. 

The  wind  was  violent,  and  blew  the  drops  of  rain  with 
so  much  force  into  our  faces,  that  our  horses  refused  to 
proceed,  constantly  endeavouring  to  turn  themselves  about 
from  the  storm;  we  at  length  yielded  to  their  obstinacy,  and 
halted  upon  the  plain.  The  storm  did  not  abate  until  we 
were  thoroughly  drenched  to  the  skin,  when,  after  being  de- 
layed some  additional  space  of  time  until  a  straggler  had 
joined  us,  we  continued  our  journey. 

The  striped  and  spotted  ground  squirrel,  a  beautiful  little 
animal,  occurred  to  our  notice  several  times  in  the  course 
of  the  day. 

Mr.  T.  Nuttall  long  since  obtained  specimens  of  this  spe- 
cies, near  the  Mandan  village,  on  the  Missouri,  and  in  the 
year  1814  he  presented  skins  of  it  to  several  of  his  scientific 
friends  in  London. 

He  informs  me  that  he  has  seen  tippets  worn  by  the  In- 
dians of  the  Upper  Missouri,  which  were  made  of  the  skins 
of  this  elegant  species,  sewn  together. 

They  burrow  in  the  earth,  and  do  not  voluntarily  climb 
trees.  They  inhabit  an  extensive  portion  of  North  America, 
extending  at  least  from  the  more  northern  lakes  to  the  Ar- 
kansa  river,  and  most  probably  in  that  direction  into  Mexico, 
and  westward  to  the  Rocky  IMountains.  They  were  not  un- 
common in  the  vicinity  of  Engineer  Cantonment. 

26th.  Late  in  the  afternoon  we  saw,  at  a  great  distance  be- 
fore us,  evident  indications  of  the  proximity  of  Indians,  con- 
sisting of  conic  elevations,  or  skin  lodges,  on  the  edge  of  the 
skirting  timber,  partially  concealed  by  the  foliage  of  the  trees. 
On  our  nearer  approach  we  observed  their  horses  peacefully 
grazing  ;  but  becoming  suddenly  frightened,  probably  by 
our  scent,  they  all  bounded  off  towards  the  camp,  which  was 
now  full  in  view.  Our  attention  way  called  off  from  the  hor- 


iiocky  Mountahis.  1 75 

ses  by  the  appearance  of  their  masters,  who  were  how  seen 
running  towards  us  with  all  their  swiftness-  A  minute  af- 
terwards we  were  surrounded  by  them,  and  were  happy 
to  observe,  in  their  features  and  gestures,  a  manifestation  of 
the  most  pacific  disposition;  they  shook  us  by  the  hand,  as- 
sured us  by  signs  that  they  rejoiced  to  see  us,  and  invited  us 
to  partake  of  their  hospitality.  We,  however,  replied  that 
we  had  brought  our  own  lodges  with  us,  and  would  encamp 
near  them.  We  selected  for  this  purpose  a  clear  spot  of 
ground  on  the  bank  of  the  river,  intending  to  remain  a  day 
or  two  with  this  little  known  people,  to  observe  their  man- 
ners and  way  of  life.  We  had  scarcely  pitched  our  tents, 
watered  and  staked  our  horses,  before  presents  of  jerked 
bison  meat  were  brought  to  us  by  the  squaws,  consisting  of 
selected  pieces,  the  fattest  and  the  best,  and  in  sufficient  quan- 
tity for  the  consumption  of  two  or  three  days.  After  the 
usual  ceremony  of  smoking,  they  were  informed  to  what 
nation  we  belonged;  and  that  further  communication  would 
be  made  to  their  principal  men  to-morrow,  whom  we  wished 
summoned  for  that  poipose.  About  sundown  they  all  re- 
tired, and  left  us  to  our  repose.  The  Indians  were  encamp- 
ed on  both  sides  of  the  river,  but  the  great  body  of  them 
was  on  the  opposite  bank,  their  skin  lodges  extending  in  a 
long  single  line,  the  extremities  of  which  were  concealed 
from  our  view  by  the  timber  of  the  islands  in  the  rivem, 
whilst  about  ten  lodges  only  were  erected  on  the  side  we 
occupied,  and  within  a  quarter  of  a  mile  of  our  camp. 

Soon  after  our  arrival,  an  Indian,  well  stricken  in  years, 
inquired  if  we  had  seen  a  man  and  squaw  within  a  day  or 
two  on  our  route;  we  described  to  him  the  appearance  of  the 
Calf  and  his  squaw;  that  is  my  wife,  said  he,  who  has 
eloped  from  me,  and  I  will  instantly  go  in  pursuit  of  them. 
He  accordingly  procured  a  companion,  and  both  were  soon 
on  their  way,  well  armed  and  mounted. 

27th.  Notice  having  been  sent  to  the  opposite  party  of  our 


^76  Expedition  to  the 

arrival,  and  of  our  wish  to  see  the  principal  men,  four  chiefs 
presented  themselves  at  our  camp  this  morning  at  an  early 
hour,   as  representatives   of  the  several  bands,  of  the  same 
number   of  different   nations  here  associated  together,  and 
consisting    of   Kiawas,   Kaskaias,  or    Bad-hearts,   Shiennes 
(sometimes  written  Chayenne,)  and  Arrapahoes;  several  dis- 
tinguished men   accompanied  them.     Wc   had  made   some 
little  preparation  for  their   reception  by  spreading  skins  for 
them  to  sit   on,  hoisting  our   flag,   and  selecting  a  few  pre- 
sents from  our   scanty  stoves.     They  arranged   themselves 
with  due  solemnity,  and  the  pipe  being  passed  around,  many 
of  them  seemed  to  enjoy  it  as  the  greatest  rarity,  eyeing  it  as 
it  passed  from   mouth   to  mouth,    and  inhaling  its  fragrant 
smoke  into  their  lungs  with  a  pleasure  which  they  could  not 
conceal.     One  individual,  of  a  tall,  emaciated  frame,  whose 
visage   was  furrowed  with  deep  wrinkles,  evidently  rather 
the  effect  of  disease  than  of  age,    after  filling  his  lungs  and 
mouth  top  full  of  smoke,   placed  his  hands  firmly  upon  his 
face   and  inflated  cheeks  as   in  an  ecstasy,  and  unwilling  to 
part  with   what  yielded    the   utmost   pleasure,  he  retained 
his  breath  until  suffocation  compelled  him  to  drive  out  the 
smoke  and  inhale  fresh  air,  which  he   effected    so  suddenly, 
and   with   so   much  earnestness  and    singular  contortion  of 
countenance,  that  we  restrained   ourselves  with  some  effort 
ffom  committing  the  indecorum  of  a  broad  laugh.     We  had 
the   good    fortune   to  find  one  of  them  who  could  speak  the 
Pawnee    language   tolerably  well;  he    had  acquired  it  in  his 
early  youth,  whilst   rtsiding  in  a  state   of  captivity   in  that 
nation,  so  that  by  means  of  our  interpreters  we  experienced 
no  difficulty   in   acquainting    them,  that  we  belonged  to  the 
numerous  and  powerful  nation  of  Americans,*  that  we  had 
been  sent   by   our   great  chief,    who  presides  over  all  that 
country,  to  examine  that  part  of  his  territories,  that  he  might 

*  In  contradistiucLion  from  l^pauiards,  near  whose  frontier  these  Indians 
rove. 


Rocky  Mountains,  177 

become  acquainted  with  its  features,  its  produce,  and  popu- 
lation; that  we  had  been  many  moons  on  our  journey,  and 
had"  passed  through  many  red  nations,  of  whose  hospitality 
we  largely  partook,  &c.  This  was  translated  into  French, 
then  into  Pawnee,  and  afterwards  into  Kiawa  and  the  other 
languages,  by  their  respective  interpreters.  In  reply  a  chief 
expressed  his  surprise  that  we  had  travelled  so  far,  and  as- 
sured us  that  they  were  happy  to  see  us,  and  hoped  that  as 
a  road  was  now  open  to  our  nation,  traders  would  be  sent 
amongst  them. 

We  assured  them  that  traders  would  be  soon  amongst 
them,  provided  we  could  report,  on  our  return,  that  we  had 
been  hospitably  treated  while  travelling  through  their  coun- 
try. 

A  few  presents,  such  as  knives,  combs,  vermillion,  &c. 
were  then  laid  before  the  chiefs,  who  in  return  presented  us 
with  three  or  four  horses,  which  terminated  the  proceedings 
of  the  council.  We  afterwards  understood  that  our  guests 
thought  we  gave  but  little,  and  it  is  perhaps  true  that  the 
value  of  their  presents  was  far  greater  than  ours,  yet  our 
liberality  was  fully  equal  to  our  means. 

The  whole  population  had  now  deserted  their  edifices, 
and  cr6wded  about  us,  and  agreeably  to  our  wishes,  which 
were  announced  in  the  council,  the  women  brought  jerked 
meat,  and  the  men  skin  and  hair  ropes  for  halters,  to  trade 
with  us  for  trinkets,  and  we  were  enabled  to  obtain  a  suffi- 
cient quantity  of  each,  at  a  very  moderate  price.  The  trading 
being  completed,  we  expected  the  crowd  to  diminish,  but  it 
seemed  rather  to  augment,  both  in  magnitude  and  density, 
until  becoming  a  very  serious  inconvenience,  we  requested 
the  chiefs  to  direct  their  people  to  retire,  which  they  imme- 
diately complied  with;  but,  with  the  exception  of  the  Shienne 
chief,  were  not  obeyed.  All  the  Shiennes  forthwith  left 
us  in  compliance  with  the  peremptory  orders  of  their  chief, 
who  seemed  to  be  a  man  born  to  command,  endowed   with 

VOL.  II.  23 


t7B  Expedition  to  the 

a  spirit  of  unconquerable   ferocity,  and   capable  of  inflict- 
ing ext-mplary    punishment  upon  any  one  who  should  dare 
disobey   his   orders.       He   was  tall  and    graceful,    with    a 
highly    ridged    aquiline   nose,   corrugated   forehead,  mouth 
with    the    corners   drawn   downward,  and  rather  small,  but 
remarkably  piercing  eye,  which  when  fixed  upon  your  coun- 
tenance, appeared  strained  in  the  intenseness  of  its  gaze,  and 
to  seek  rather  for  the  movements  of  the  soul  within,  than  to 
ascertain  the  mere  lineaments  it  contemplated.     The  other 
chiefs  seemed  to  possess  only  the  dignity  of  office,  without 
the  power  of  command;  the  result,  probably,  of  a  deficiency 
of  that  native   energy   with   which   their  companion  was  so 
preeminently  endowed;  they  scarcely  dared  to  reiterate  their 
admonitions  to  their  followers  not  to  press  so  closely   upon 
the  white  people,  but  to  limit  their  approaches  to  the  line  of 
our   baggage;   still   our  tents   were  filled,   and  our  persons 
hemmed    in   by  the  ardent  and  insatiable    curiosity  of  the 
multitude  of  both  sexes,  and  of  all  ages,  mounted  and  on  foot. 
To  an  observer  of  mankind  the  present  scene  w^as  abundantly 
fruitful  and  interesting.     We  could  not  but  remark  the  ease 
and  air  of  security,  with  which  the    equestrians  preserved 
their   equipoise    on   the  naked  backs  of  their  horses  in  their 
evolutions  beyond  the  crowd,  nor  could  we  restrain  a  smile, 
in  the  midst  of  vexatious  circumstances,  at  the  appearance 
of  the  naked  children  mounted  on   horses,  sometimes  to  the 
number  of  three   or  four  on  each,  fearlessly  standing  erect, 
or  kneeling  upon  their  backs  to  catch  a  glance  over  the  heads 
of  the   intervening  multitude,  at  the  singular  deportment, 
costume,  and  appearance  of  the  white  strangers. 

In  the  rear  of  our  tent  a  squaw,  who  had  become  possess- 
ed of  a  wooden  small-toothed  comb,  was  occupied  in  remov- 
ing from  her  head  a  population  as  numerous  as  the  indi- 
viduals composing  it  were  robust  and  well  fed;  she  had 
placed  a  skin  upon  her  lap  to  receive  the  victims  as  they 
fell;  and  a  female  companion,  who  sat  at  her  feet,  alternately 


Rocky  Mountains.  179 

craunched  the  oily  vermin  between  her  teeth,  and  conversed 
wiih  the  most  rapid  and  pleasant  loquacity  as  she  picked 
them  up  from  the  skin  before  her. 

Our  attention  was  now  arrested  by  a  phenomenon,  which 
soon  relieved  us  from  the  crowd  that  pressed  upon  us.  A 
heavy  and  extensive  cloud  of  dust  was  observed  in  the  north 
obscuring  the  horizon,  and  bounding  the  range  of  vision  in 
that  direction;  it  moved  rapidly  towards  us.  An  animated 
scene  ensued.  The  Indians  forded  the  river  with  as  much 
rapidity  of  movement  as  they  could  exert  towards  their  en- 
campment, horse  and  foot,  the  water  foaming  before  them. 
It  soon  became  obvious  that  the  dust  ascended  into  the 
atmosphere  under  the  influence  of  a  violent  current  of  air; 
we,  therefore  employed  a  few  moments  of  interval,  in  strength- 
ening our  feeble  tenements,  to  resist  the  influence  of  the  ap- 
proaching tempest.  They  were  so  nearly  filled  with  our  red 
brethren,  that  it  was  with  no  little  difficulty  we  wedged 
ourselves  into  shelter.  It  soon  became  necessary  to  ex- 
ert our  strength  in  holding  down  our  tents,  and  supporting 
the  poles,  which  bowed  and  shook  violently  under  the 
pressure  of  the  blast;  thunder,  lightning,  rain,  and  hail  suc- 
ceeded. During  this  play  of  the  elements  our  guests  sat  in 
stillness,  scarcely  articulating  a  word  during  the  prevalence 
of  the  electrical  explosions. 

Our  tents  were  much  admired,  and  previously  to  the  fall 
of  rain,  which  exposed  their  imperfection,  in  admitting  the 
water  modified  into  the  form  of  a  mist,  one  of  the  natives 
offered  to  exchange  an  excellent  mule  for  that  in  which  he 
was  sitting.  And,  as  the  commonalty  could  not  distinguish 
us  in  their  minds  from  traders,  another  off"ered  two  mules, 
valued  equal  to  four  horses,  for  a  double  barrelled  gun; 
and  a  third  would  willingly  have  bartered  a  very  good  horse 
for  an  old  and  almost  worn  out  camp  kettle,  which  we  could 
by  no  means  part  with,  though  much  in  want  of  horses. 

These  Indians  differ,  in  many  particulars,   from  those  of 


/ 


180  Expedition  to  the 

the  Missouri,  with  whose  appearance  we  had  been,  for  some 
time,  familiar.  Their  average  stature  appeared  to  us  less 
considerable,  and  although  the  general  appearance  of  the 
countenance  was  such  as  we  had  been  accustomed  to  see, 
yet  their  faces  have,  perhaps,  somewhat  more  latitude,  and 
the  Roman  nose  is  obviously  far  less  predominant;  but  still, 
the  direction  of  the  eye,  the  prominence  of  the  cheek  bones, 
the  form  of  the  lips,  teeth,  chin,  and  retreating  forehead,  are 
precisely  similar.  They  have  also  the  same  habit  of  plucking 
the  hair  from  various  parts  of  the  body;  but  that  of  the  head, 
in  the  female,  is  only  suffered  to  attain  to  the  shoulders, 
whilst  the  men  permit  theirs  to  grow  to  its  full  extent.  They 
even  regard  long  hair  as  an  ornament;  and  many  wear  false 
hair  fastened  to  their  own  by  means  of  an  earthy  matter,  re- 
sembling red  cla\,  and  depfcnding,in  many  instances,  particu- 
larly in  the  young  beaux,  to  their  knees,  in  the  form  of  queues, 
one  on  each  side  of  the  head,  variously  decorated  with  rib- 
bon-like slips  of  red  and  blue  cloth,  or  coloured  skin.  Oth- 
ers, and  by  no  means  an  i^iconsiderable  few,  had  collected 
their  long  hair  into  several  flat  masses  of  the  breadth  of  two 
or  three  fingers,  and  less  than  the  fifth  of  an  inch  in  thick- 
ness, each  one  separately  annulated  with  red  clay,  at  regular 
intervals.  The  elders  wore  their  hair  without  decoration, 
flowing  loosely  about  their  shoulders,  or  simply  intermixed 
with  slender  plaited  queues.  In  structure  and  colour  it  is  not 
distinguished  from  that  of  the  Missouri  Indians,  though  in 
early  youth  it  is  often  of  a  much  lighter  colour;  and  a  young 
man,  of  perhaps  fifteen  years  of  age,  who  visited  us  to-day, 
had  hair  decidedly  of  a  flaxen  hue,  with  a  tint  of  dusky 
ycTlow. 

Their  costume  is  very  simple,  that  of  the  female  con- 
sisting of  a  leathern  petticoat,  reaching  the  calf  of  the  leg, 
destitute  of  a  seam,  and  often  exposing  a  well  formed  thigh, 
as  the  casualties  of  wind,  or  position,  influence  the  artless 
foldings  of  the  skirt;  the  leg  and  foot  are  often  naked,  but 


Rocky  Mountains.  181 

usually  invested  by  gaiters  and  mocRasins;  a  kind  of  sleeve- 
less short  gown,  composed  of  a  single  piece  of  the  same 
material,  loosely  clothes  the  body,  hanging  upon  che  shoul- 
ders, readily  thrown  off,  without  any  sense  of  indelicacy, 
when  suckling  their  children,  or  under  the  influence  of  a 
heated  atmosphere,  displaying  loose  and  pendent  mammae.  A 
few  are  covered  by  the  more  costly  attire  of  coarse  red  or 
bkie  cloth,  ornamented  with  a  profusion  of  blue  and  white 
beadsj  the  shortgown  of  this  dress  has  the  addition  of  wide 
sleeves  descending  below  the  elbow;  its  body  is  of  a  square 
form  with  a  transverse  slit  in  the  upper  edge  for  the  head 
to  pass  through;  around  this  aperture,  and  on  the  upper  side 
of  the  sleeves,  is  a  continuous  stripe,  the  breadth  of  the  hand, 
of  blue  and  white  beads,  tastefully  arranged  in  contact  with 
each  other,  and  adding  considerable  weight,  as  well  as  orna- 
ment, to  this  part  of  the  dress;  around  the  petticoat,  and  in 
a  line  with  the  knees,  is  an  even  row  of  oblong  conic  bells, 
made  of  sheet  copper,  each  about  an  inch  and  a  half  in 
length,  suspended  vertically  by  short  leathern  thongs  as  near 
to  each  other  as  possible,  so  that  when  the  person  is  in  mo- 
tion they  strike  upon  each  other  and  produce  a  tinkling  sound. 
The  young  unmarried  females  are  more  neatly  dressed,  and 
seem  to  participate  but  little  in  the  laborious  occupations, 
which  fall  chiefly  to  the  lot  of  their  wedded  companions. 

The  dress  of  the  men  is  compose^  of  a  breech-cloth,  skin 
leggings,  mockasins,  and  a  bison  robe.  In  warm  weather,  the 
three  latter  articles  of  dress  "are  sometimes  thrown  aside  as 
superfluous,  exposing  the  limbs  and  body  to  view  and  to 
the  direct  influence  of  the  most  ardent  rays  of  the  sun. 
Such  are  the  habiliments  that  necessity  compels  the  multi- 
tude to  adopt;  but  the  opulence  of  a  few  has  gained  for  them- 
selves the  comfortable,  as  well  as  ornamental,  and  highly 
esteemed  Spanish  blanket,  from  the  Mexican  traders,  and  of 
which  we  had  previously  seen  two  or  three  in  the  posses- 
sion of  Pawnee  warriors,  worn  as  trophies.     Another  spe- 


182  Expedition  to  the 

cies  of  garment,  in  their  estimation  equally  sumptuous  %yith 
the  blanket,  is  the  cloth  robe,  which  is  of  ample  dimensions, 
simple  in  form,  one  half  red  and  the  other  blue,  thrown 
loosely  about  the  person,  and  at  a  little  distance,  excepting 
the  singular  arrangement  of  colours,  resembling  a  Spanish 
cloak. 

Some  have,  suspended  from  the  slits  of  their  e?rs,  the 
highly  prized  nacre,  or  perlaceous  fiagments  of  a  marine 
shell,  brought  probably  from  the  northwest  coast. 

The  Shienne  chief  revisited  us  in  the  afternoon.  He  in- 
formed us  that  one  of  his  young  men,  who  had  been  sent  to 
ascertain  the  route  which  the  bison  herds  had  taken,  and 
their  present  locality,  had  observed  the  trail  of  a  large  party 
of  men,  whom,  by  pursuing  the  direction,  he  had  discovered 
to  be  Spaniards  on  their  way  towards  the  position  we  then 
occupied,  where  they  must  very  soon  arrive.  As  we  were 
now  in  a  region,  claimed  by  the  Mexican  Spaniards  as  ex- 
clusively their  own,  and  as  we  had  for  some  days  anticipated 
such  an  event  as  highly  probable,  we  involuntarily  reposed 
implicit  confidence,  in  the  truth  of  the  intelligence  communi- 
cated by  the  chief,  who  regarded  that  people  as  our  natural 
enemies.  Nevertheless,  his  story  was  heard  by  our  little 
band,  as  it  was  proper  that  it  should  have  been  in  our  situa- 
tion, and  in  the  presence  of  Indians,  with  the  appearance  of 
absolute  apathy.  The  chief  seemed  not  to  have  accomplish- 
ed some  object  he  had  in  view,  and  departed  evidently  dis- 
pleased. When  he  was  out  of  hearing,  the  Indian  interpreter 
who  had  become  our  friend,  told  us  that  the  story  was  en- 
tirely false,  and  was  without  a  doubt  the  invention  of  the 
chief,  and  designed  to  expedite  the  trade  for  a  few  addition- 
al horses,  that  we  were  then  negociating. 

Mr.  Say,  accompanied  by  an  interpreter,  who  made  a  short 
visit  to  the  small  group  of  lodges  near  us,  was  kindly  receiv- 
ed, though  hooted  at  by  the  children, and  of  course  snarled  and 
snapped  at  by  the  dogs.     The  skin  lodges  of  these  wander- 


Rocky  Mountains.  183 

ing  people,  are  very  similar  to  those  of  the  Missouri  tribes, 
but  in  those  to  which  he  was  introduced,  he  experienced  the 
oppression  of  an  almost  suffocating  heat,  certainly  many  de- 
gress above  the  temperature  of  the  very  sultry  exterior  at- 
mosphere. A  very  portly  old  man,  whose  features  were  dis- 
tinguished by  a  remarkably  wide  mouth  and  lengthened  chin, 
invited  him  to  a  small  ragged  lodge,  to  see  the  riches  it  con- 
tained. These  consisted  of  habiliments  of  red  and  blue  cloth, 
profusely  garnished  with  blue  and  white  beads,  the  product 
of  the  industry  and  ingenuity  of  his  squaw,  from  materials 
obtained  last  winter  from  some  white  traders,  who  made 
their  appearance  on  Red  river.  The  present  members  of  this 
family,  were  the  old  man,  one  wife  and  four  children,  the 
latter  as  usual  in  a  state  of  nudity.  The  baggage  was  piled 
around  the  lodge,  serving  for  seats  and  beds,  and  a  pile  of 
jerked  meat  near  the  door,  served  also  for  a  seat,  and  was 
occasionally  visited  by  the  dirty  feet  of  the  children.  A  boy 
was  amusing  himself  with  that  primitive  weapon,  the  sling, 
of  an  ordinary  form,  which  he  used  with  considerable  dex- 
terity, the  effect  of  which  he  appeared  disposed  to  try  upon 
the  stranger,  and  was  not  readily  turned  from  his  purpose, 
by  a  harsh  rebuke  and  menacing  gesture. 

He  was  informed  that  the  party  of  traders,  who  had  last 
winter  ascended  Red  river  to  their  country,  were  Tabbyboos^ 
a.  name  which  they  also  applied  to  us,  and  which  appears 
to  be  the  same  word  which,  according  to  Lewis  and  Clark, 
in  the  language  of  the  Snake  Indians,  means  white  men,  but 
it  was  here  applied  particularly  to  the  Americans.  These 
traders  offered  various  articles,  such  as  coarse  cloths,  beads, 
Vermillion,  kettles,  knives,  guns,  powder,  lead,  &c.;  in  ex- 
change for  horses  and  mules,  bison  robes,  and  parchment  or 
parjleche.  Such  was  the  anxiety  to  obtain  the  merchandise 
thus  displayed  before  them,  that  those  enterprising  warriors, 
whose  stock  of  horses  uas  but  small,  crossed  the  mountains 
into  Mexico,  and  returned  with  a  plentiful  supply  of  those 


184  Expedition  to  the 

animals  for  exchange,  captured  from  the  Spanish  inhabitants 
of  that  country.  This  illicit  trade  in  horses  was  conducied 
so  extensively  by  that  party  of  traders,  thai  he  was  told  of  a 
single  Indian,  who  sold  them  fifty  mules,  besides  a  conside- 
rable number  of  horses  from  his  own  stock. 

At  his  return  to  camp,  he  was  informed  that  an  old  Indian 
had  bev;n  there,  who  asserted  that  he  never  before  had  seen 
a  white  man,  and  on  being  permitted  to  view  a  part  of  the 
body,  usually  covered  by  the  dress,  he  seemed  much  surpris- 
ed at  its  whiteness. 

These  Indians  seem  to  hold  in  exalted  estimation,  the 
martial  prowess  of  the  Americans.  They  said  that  a  battle 
had  lately  been  fought  in  the  country,  which  lay  very  far 
down  Red  river,  between  a  handful  of  Americans,  and*  a 
great  war  party  of  Spaniards;  that  the  latter  were  soon  rout- 
ed, retreating  in  a  dastardly  manner,  "  like  partridges  run- 
ning through  the  grass."  They  were  at  present  at  war  with 
the  Spaniards  themselves,  and  had  lately  killed  many  indi- 
viduals of  a  party  of  that  nation,  near  the  mountains. 

In  the  evening,  squaws  were  brought  to  our  camp,  and 
after  we  had  retired  to  our  tent  at  night,  a  brother  of  the 
grand  chief.  Bear's- tooth,  continued  to  interrupt  our  repose, 
with  solicitations  in  favour  of  a  squaw  he  had  brought  with 
him,  until  he  was  peremptorily  directed  to  begone,  and  the 
centinel  was  ordered  to  prevent  his  further  intrusion. 

The  Bear-tooth  is  the  grand  chief  of  the  Arrapahoes,  and 
his  influence  extends  over  all  the  tribes  of  the  country  in 
which  he  roves:  he  was  said  to  be  encamped  at  no  great  dis- 
tance, with  the  principal  body  of  these,  nations.  He  is  said 
to  be  very  favorably  disposed  towards  the  white  people, 
and  to  have  afforded  protection,  and  a  home  in  his  own 
lodge,  to  a  poor  and  miserable  Amfrican,who  had  had  the  good 
fortune  to  escape  from  the  barbarity-  and  mistaken  polic\  of 
the  Mexican  Spaniards,  arid  from  the  horrors  of  a  Spanish 
prison,  to  find  an  asylum  amongst  those  whom  they  regard 


Rocky  Mountains.  185 

as  barbarians,  but  to  whose  commiseration  his  wretchedness 
seemed  to  have  been  a  passport. 

28th.  This  morning  at  sunrise,  we  were  called  from  our 
tents  by  the  cry  of  Tabbyboo^  proceeding  from  two  hand- 
some mounted  Arrapahoes,  who  appeared  delighted  to  see 
us;  they  had  passed  our  camp  in  the  night,  on  their  way 
from  the  camp  of  the  Bear -tooth,  with  a  message  from  that 
chief  to  our  neighbours.  In  consequence  of  this  information 
or  order,  the  lodges  on  both  sides  of  the  river  were  struck  at 
six  o'clock,  and  the  whole  body  of  Indians,  commenced  their 
march  up  the  river,  notwithstanding  the  threatening  aspect 
of  the  heavens,  which  portended  a  storm.  We  could  not  but 
admire  the  regularity,  with  which  the  preparations  for  their 
journey  seemed  to  be  conducted,  and  the  rennarkable  facility 
with  which  the  lodges  disappeared,  and  with  all  their  cum- 
brous and  various  contents,  were  secured  to  the  backs  of  the 
numerous  horses  and  mules.  As  the  long  drawn  caravan  pro- 
ceeded onward,  a  military  air  was  imparted  to  the  whole,  at 
the  distance  at  which  we  contemplated  it,  by  the  activity  of 
the  young  warriors,  with  their  lances  and  shields,  galloping 
or  racing  along  the  line  for  caprice  or  amusement. 

The  Kiawa  chief  and  a  few  attendants,  called  to  make  his 
parting  visit.  He  is  an  old  man,  rather  short,  inelegantly 
formed,  destitute  of  any  remarlcable  physiognomical  peculia- 
rity, and  like  other  chiefs,  without  any  distinction  of  per- 
sonal ornament.  In  common  with  many  of  his  tribe,  his  sys- 
tem was  subject  to  cutaneous  eruptions,  of  which  several  in- 
dications, besides  a  large  ulcer,  near  the  angle  of  the  mouth, 
exhibited  the  proof.  We  were  soon  all  driven  into  our  flimsy 
and  almost  worn  out  tents,  which  afforded  us  but  a  very  par- 
tial shelter  from  the  fall  of  a  heavy  shower  of  rain  from  the 
N.  W.  There  we  obtained  some  additional  information  from 
the  chief,  who  was  disposed  to  be  communicative,  to  aug- 
ment the  considerable  mass,  which  we  had  already  collected 
from  other  Indians,  and  particularly  from  Bijeau,  respectin 
VOL.  11.  24 


186  Expedition  to  the 

these  wandering  hordes.  The  chief  seemed  to  take  a  pleasure 
in  pronouncing  to  us  words  of  the  Kiawa  language,  and  smiled 
at  our  awkward  attempts  to  imitate  them,  whilst  we  were 
engaged  in  committing  them  to  paper.  This  vocabulary,  as 
well  as  that  of  the  Kaskaia  language,  which  we  had  previous- 
ly obtained  from  the  Calf,  had  been  for  some  time  the  ob- 
jects of  our  wishes,  as  Bijeau  persuaded  us,  that  they  were 
more  difficult  to  acquire  than  any  other  language,  and  that, 
although  formerly  he  resided  three  years  with  those  nations, 
he  never  could  understand  the  meaning  of  a  single  word,  not 
even  jtheir  expressions  for  Frenchman  or  tobacco.  Nor  does 
this  observation,  though,  perhaps  unintentionally  exaggerat- 
ing the  ideas  of  the  abstruse  nature  of  the  language,  appear 
absolutely  destitute  of  foundation,  since  these  nations,  al-^ 
though  constantly  associating  together,  and  united  under  the 
influence  of  the  Bear-tooth,  are  yet  totally  ignorant  of  each 
others  language,  insomuch  that  it  was  no  uncommon  occur- 
rence, to  see  two  individuals  of  different  nations,  sitting  upon 
the  ground,  and  conversing  freely  with  each  other,  by  means 
of  the  language  of  signs.  In  the  art  of  thus  conveying  their 
ideas,  they  were  thorough  adepts,  and  their  manual  display 
was  only  interrupted  at  remote  intervals  by  a  smile,  or  by 
the  auxiliary  of  an  articulated  word  of  the  language  of  the 
Crow  Indians,  which  to  a  very  limited  extent,  passes  current 
amongst  them. 

These  languages  abound  with  sounds  strange  to  our  ears, 
and  in  the  noisy  loquacity  of  some  squaws,  who  held  an  ani- 
mated debate  near  our  tent  yesterday,  we  distinguished  pre- 
eminently, soiuids  which  may  be  expressed  by  the  letters 
koo,  koo,  koo. 

The  Shiennes  or  Shawhays,  who  have  united  their  destiny 
with  these  wanderers,  are  a  band  of  seceders  from  their  own 
nation,  and  some  time  since  on  the  occurrence  of  a  serious  dis- 
pute with  their  kindred  on  Shienne  river  of  the  Missouri,  flew 
their  country,  and  placed  themselves  under  the  protection  of 
the  Bear-tooth. 


l^Gcky  Mountains.  187" 

These  nations  have  been  for  the  three  past  years,  wander- 
ing on  the  head  waters  and  tributaries  of  Red  river,  having 
returned  to  the  Arkansa,  only  the  day  which  preceded  our 
first  interview  with  them,  on  their  way  to  the  mountains,  at 
the  sources  of  the  Platte  river.  They  have  no  permanent 
town,  but  constantly  rove,  as  necessity  urges  them,  in  pur- 
suit of  the  herds  of  bisons,  in  the  vicinity  of  the  sources  of 
the  Platte,  Arkansa,  and  Red  rivers. 

They  are  habitually  at  war  with  all  the  nations  of  the 
Missouri;  indeed  martial  occurrences  in  which  they  were  in- 
terested with  those  enemies,  formed  the  chief  topic  of  tbeir 
conversation  with  our  interpreters.  They  were  desirous  to 
know  of  them  the  names  of  particular  individuals  whom 
they  had  met  in  battle,  and  whom  they  described;  how  many 
had  been  present  at  a  particular  engagement,  and  who  were 
killed  or  wounded.  The  late  battle  which  we  have  before 
spoken  of,  with  the  Loup  Pawnees,  also  occupied  their  in- 
quiries; they  denied  that  they  were  on  that  occasion  aided  by 
the  Spaniards,  as  we  understood  they  iiad  been,  but  admit- 
ted their  great  numerical  superiority,  and  the  loss  ot  many 
in  killed  and  wounded.  Their  martial  weapons  are  bows  and 
arrows,  lances,  war  clubs,  tomahawks,  scalping  knives,  and 
shields.* 

*  Chabonneau  informs  us,  that  ho  observed  the  clitoris  and  labia  of  a 
squaw  of  the  Arrapaho  nation,  whom  he  had  examined,  to  be  very  much 
elongated  and  dilated,  so  as  to  resemble  large  valves;  this  effect  he  attri- 
buted chiefly  to  the  art  of  the  mother,  employed  during  tlie  infancy  and 
youth  of  the  daughter,  and  to  her  own  subsequent  manipulations,  and  those 
of  her  husband. 

We  do  not  know  that  any  writer  has  visited  these  Indians,  since  the  ex- 
pedition of  Mr.  Bourgmont,  commander  of  Fort  Orleans  of  the  Missouri, 
which  took  place  in  the  year  1724.  They  were  then,  and  have  since  con- 
tinued to  be  distinguished  collectively  by  the  name  of  Padoucas.  Du 
Pratz  informs  us,  that  they  were  then  very  numerous,  "  extending  almost 
two  hundred  leagues,  and  they  have  villages  quite  close  to  the  Spaniards 
of  New  Mexico."  And  that  "  from  the  Padoucas  to  the  Canzes,  proceed- 
ing always  east,  we  may  now  safely  reckon  sixty-five  and  a  half  leagues. 
The  river  of  the  Canzes  is  parallel  to  this  route."  From  this  statement  of 
the  course,  aod  estimate  of  the  distance  to  the  country  of  the  Padoucas,  it 
is  evident,  that  at  this  day  the  Indians  do  not  habitually  wander  in  that  di- 
rection, so  near  to  the  Missouri  as  they  then  did,  owing  probably  to  the 
hostilities  of  the  more  martial  nations  residing  on  that  river. 


188  Expedition  to  the 

Tobacco  being  very  scarce,  they  do  not  carry  vvitli  them 
a  pouch,  for  the  convenience  of  having  it  always  at  hand,  an 
article  of  dress  invariably  attendant  on  the  Missouri  Indian. 
Bijeau  informed  us  that  the  smoking  of  tobacco  was  regard- 
ed as  a  pleasure  so  sacred  and  important,  that  the  females 
were  accustomed  to  depart  from  the  interior  of  a  lodge  when 
the  men  indulged  themselves  with  the  pipe.  The  Shienne 
chief,  in  consequence  of  a  vow  he  had  made  against  using  the 
pipe,  abstained  from  smoking  while  at  our  council,  until  he 
had  the  good  fortune  to  find  a  small  piece  of  paper  which 
some  one  of  our  party  had  rejected;  with  this  he  rolled  up 
a  small  quantity  of  tobacco  fragments  into  the  form  of  a  se- 
gar,  after  the  manner  of  the  Spaniards,  and  thus  contented 
himself  with  infringing  the  spirit  of  his  vow,  whilst  he  obey- 
ed it  to  the  letter. 

The  rain  having  ceased,  our  guest  and  his  attendants  took 
their  leave. 

These  Indians  might  readilv  be  induced  to  hunt  the  bea- 
ver, which  are  so  extremely  abundant  in  their  country,  but  as 
yet,  these  peltries  seem  not  to  have  entered  amongst  the 
items  of  their  trade. 

In  the  afternoon  we  struck  our  tents,  and  continued  our 
journey;  we  were  soon  overtaken  by  a  thunder  storm,  v.  hich 
poured  down  upon  us  a  deluge  of  rain,  and  continued, 
with  partial  intermissions,  during  the  night. 

For  the  elucidation  of  what  we  have  said  respecting  the 
form  and  arrangement  of  the  skin,  or  travelling  lodges  of  the 
Indians,  we  subjoin  an  engraving,  representmg  an  encamp- 
ment of  Oto  Indians,  which  Mr.  Seymour  sketched  near  the 
Platte  river.  In  this  plate,  the  group  of  Indians  on  the  left 
is  intended  to  represent  a  party  of  Konza  Indians  approach- 
ing to  perform  the  calumet  dance  in  the  Oto  village.  It  may 
be  proper  to  remark.,  that  this  party  when  still  distant  from 
the  Otoes,  had  sent  forward  a  messenger,  with  the  offer  of  a 
prize  to  the  first  Oto  that  should  meet  them.    This  circum- 


liocky  Mountains.  189 

stance  was  productive  of  much  bustle  and  activity  among  the 
warriors  and  young  men,  who  eagerly  mounted  their  horses, 
and  exerted  their  utmost  speed. 

Since  we  have  mentioned  the  Otoes,  we  will  notice  the  ce- 
rem.ony  of  marking  a  distinguished  squaw,  which  was  in 
part  witnessed  by  some  of  our  party  at  the  Oto  village.  This 
marking,  which  we  have  elsewhere  alluded  to,  consists  in 
picking  into  the  forehead,  with  a  small  fascicle  of  needles, 
or  other  small  pointed  instruments,  a  portion  of  minute  par- 
ticles of  carbon,  from  a  solution  of  gun  powder,  or  commi- 
nuted and  moistened  wood  coal,  so  as  to  form  upon  the  part 
a  small  blue  spot.  On  the  approach  of  our  party,  however, 
to  the  group  of  Indians  in  which  this  ceremony  was  perform- 
ing, each  individual  sat  perfectly  still,  with  his  head  in- 
clined, as  if  indisposed  to  proceed  whilst  observed  by  stran- 
gers. In  the  centre  of  the  group  was  a  piece  of  wood  sup- 
ported at  each  end  by  an  upright  crotchet,  and  holding  sus- 
pended various  articles  of  merchandize,  intended  to  com- 
pensate the  operator;  consisting  of  red  and  blue  strouding, 
and  many  other  articles  of  much  value.  The  squaw,  with 
her  family  and  friends,  accompanied  by  the  individual  who 
was  to  perform  the  operation,  sat  in  the  form  of  a  semicircle, 
in  front  of  these  valuables,  and  a  large  decorated  pipe  was 
laid  on  the  soil  before  them.  Our  party  supposed  that  the 
value  of  the  merchandize  thus  offered  in  exchange  for  the 
distinction  of  a  small  spot  on  the  forehead,  was,  in  that  coun- 
try, and  particularly  after  having  passed  through  the  hands 
of  the  traders,  estimable  at  one  hundred  dollars. 

We  will  further  interrupt  our  narrative  in  this  place,  to 
mention  a  circumstance,  that  has  been  omitted  in  our  account 
of  the  mauners  and  habits  of  the  Indians  of  the  Missouri. 
It  serves  to  show  that  their  attention  is  not  limited  to  the 
larger  and  more  imposing  objects  of  the  creation,  but  that  it 
is  directed  to  the  "  watches,  as  well  as  the  clocks  of  nature." 

The  Oto  warrior,  Little  black  bear,  when  looking  at  our 


190  ,  Expedition  to  the 

collection  of  insects  at  Engineer  cantonment,  recognised  a 
considerable  number  of  them,  told  which  inhabited  the  water, 
and  which  the  land,  and  noticed  many  little  anecdotes  of 
their  manners  with  much  accuracy;  with  respect  to  some, 
however,  which  he  pointed  out,  he  entertained  strange  no- 
tions, doubtless  in  common  with  his  countrymen.  Our  larg- 
est species  of  dytiscus,  he  said,  sometimes  entered  the  womb 
of  a  pregnant  squaw,  and  destroyed  the  foetus.  The  large 
green  grasshopper  with  a  pointed  head,  (Truxalis)  he  said, 
would  seize  the  nipple  of  a  squaw  with  its  mouth,  and  would 
not  quit  its  hold  until  the  body  was  torn  from  the  head.- 

29th.  The  sun  arose  with  renewed  splendour,  and  usher- 
ed in  another  sultry  day.  Two  of  the  horses,  which  had  been 
presented  by  the  chiefs,  ran  off,  and  were  observed  to  rise 
the  bluffs  and  disappear;  men  were  despatched  in  pursuit  of 
them,  who  after  a  long  and  fatiguing  chase,  returned  about 
noon,  unsuccessful.  We  reconciled  ourselves  as  we  might 
to  this  privation,  and  after  dining,  proceeded  onward.  The  al- 
luvial margins  of  the  river  are  gradually  dilating  as  we  de- 
scend, and  the  mosquitoes,  which  have  of  late  visited  our 
camp  but  sparingly,  are  now  increasing  in  number. 

A  fine  species  of  toad  (Bufo*)  inhabits  this  region.  It  re- 
sembles the  common  toad  (B.  viusiciis.  Daud.)  but  differs  in 
the  arrangement  of  the  colours,  and  in  the  proportional 
length  of  the  groove  of  the  head,  which  in  that  species  ex- 

*  Bufo  cognatus.  Fuscous,  with  cinereous  lines;  head  canaliculate, 
groove  abbreviated  before 

Body  above  dark  brownish,  papillous;  the  papillae  and  their  discs 
black,  ihey  are  more  numerous,  prominent,  and  acute  on*  the  sides  and 
legs,  not  prominent  on  the  back;  a  vertebral  cinereous  vitta,  from  which 
an  oblique,  cinereous,  irregular  line  is  drawn  from  the  vertex  to  the  side 
behind  the  anterior  feet;  another  double  one  from  the  middle  of  the  back 
to  behind  the  middle  of  the  side,  and  another  from  behind  thv  niiddie  ol  ttie 
back  to  the  posterior  thighs;  sides  and  legs  with  irregular  cinereous  linr.s; 
head  with  a  groove,  ivhich  hardly  extends  anteriorly  to  tlip  line  of  the 
anterior  canthus  of  the  eyes;  verructe  behind  the  eyes  moderate;  superior 
maxilla  emarginate;  beneath  granulated. 

Length  from  the  nose  to  the  cloaca,  3  3-4  inches. 

A  specimen  is  placed  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


Rocky  Mountains.  191 

tends  to  the  nose;  it  is  destitute  of  large  verrucose  promi- 
nences intervening  between  the  verrucse  behind  the  eyes, 
and  of  the  large,  irregular,  black  dorsal  spots  edged  with 
white,  observable  upon  the  musicus.  In  the  arrangement  of 
the  cinereous  lines  it  presents  a  general  resemblance  to  B. 
fuscus.  Laur.  as  represented  on  pi.  96.  of  the  Encyc. 
Method. 

It  resides  in  a  country  almost  destitute  of  timber,  where, 
with  a  variety  of  the  musicus,  it  is  very  much  exposed  to 
the  direct  rays  of  the  sun. 


CHAPTER  XI. 

Arrapaho  war-party —  Cowbunting — Rattlesnakes — Burrow- 
i7ig-owl — Departure  of  Bijeau  and  Ledoiix  for  the  Paw- 
nee  villages — Scarcity  of  timber — Great  herds  of  bisons 
— wolves. 

On  the  30th,  about  sunrise,  a  dense  fog  intercepted  the 
view  of  the  surrounding  scenery,  which  was  soon  dissipated 
as  we  moved  on,  exhibiting  all  the  variety  of  partially  reveal- 
ed, and  unnaturally  enlarged  objects,  so  familiar  to  observers 
of  rural  sights.  At  noon,  a  beautiful  natural  grove  of  cotton- 
wood,  lining  a  ravine  in  which  was  some  cool  but  stagnant 
water,  near  the  bank  of  the  river,  invited  us  to  repose  during 
the  oppressive  mid-day  heat.  We  had  hardly  stripped  our 
horses  of  their  baggage,  and  betaken  ourselves  to  our  respec- 
tive occupations,  when  a  voice  from  the  opposite  bank  of  the 
river  warned  us  of  the  proximity  of  Indians,  who  had  been 
until  now  unseen.  Nine  Indians  soon  appeared,  and  crossed 
the  river  to  our  camp.  They  proved  to  be  an  Arrapaho  war 
party  of  eight  men  and  a  squaw,  of  whom  one  was  a  Kiawa.* 
This  party  informed  us  that  they  had  left  the  Bear-tooth's  par- 
ty on  a  tributary  of  this  river,  at  the  distance  of  half  a  day's 
journey  from  us,  moving  upwards.  As  no  apprehension  of 
mischief  was  entertained  from  so  small  a  party,  they  were 
invited  to  encamp  near  us  for  the  remainder  of  the  day,  to 
which,  urged  by  curiosity,  and  perhaps  by  the  hope  of  re- 
ceiving some  presents,  they  readily  assented.  The  squaw 
busied  herself  in  erecting  a  little  bowery  of  a  sufficient  size 
to   contain  herself  and  her  husband,  who  we  afterwards  dis- 

*  The  Arrapaho  or  Rnppaho  nation  is  known  to  the  Minnetarees  of  the 
Missouri,  bj  the  name  of  E-ta-leh,  or  Bison-path  Indians. 


Expedition^  &?c.  193 

covered  to  be  a  personage  of  some  eminence  in  their  mystic 
arts. 

Having  supplied  our  guests  with  a  pipe  and  some  tobacco, 
we  resumed  our  occupations.  Our  attention  was  however 
diverted  to  the  young  Kiawa  warrior,  who  had  the  presump- 
tion to  seize  the  Kaskaia  horse,  which  was  purchased  of  the 
Calf  Indian,  loose  him  from  the  stake  around  which  he  was 
grazing,  and  having  the  further  audacity  to  lead  him  near  to 
our  tent,  proceeded  to  make  a  noose  in  the  halter,  which  he 
placed  over  the  mouth  of  the  animal,  that  patiently  submitted 
to  his  operations.  This  sudden  subjection  of  the  horse 
was  a  subject  of  more  surprise  to  us,  than  the  outrageous  at- 
tempt of  the  Indian,  as  he  had  hitherto  resisted  all  our  en- 
deavors to  accomplish  the  same  object,  whether  conciliatory 
or  forcible.  It  seemed  to  corroborate  the  truth  of  the  obser- 
vation, that  the  horse  readily  distinguishes  the  native  from  the 
white  man,  by  his  acute  sense  of  smelling.  The  intention  of 
the  Indian  to  take  possession  of  the  horse  was  now  manifest, 
and  one  of  our  party  stepped  forward  and  seized  the  halter 
near  the  head  of  the  animal;  but  the  Indian  who  held 
the  other  extremity  of  the  halter,  betrayed  no  symptoms 
of  fear,  or  of  an  intention  to  relinquish  a  possession 
which  he  had  thus  partially  gained.  He  looked  sternly  at 
his  antagonist,  and  asserted  his  right  to  the  horse,  inasmuch 
as  he  had,  he  said,  formerly  owned  him,  and  meant  now  to 
repossess  him.  Supposing  that  this  altercation  might  even- 
tuate unpleasantly,  the  remainder  of  our  party  stood  prepared 
to  repulse  any  attempt  which  the  other  Indians  might  make  to 
support  the  claim  of  their  companion,  whilst  Bijeau  advanced 
with  a  manly  decision  and  jerked  the  halter  out  of  the  handsof 
the  Indian,  His  companions  sat  enjoying  themselves  with  their 
pipe,  and  did  not  appear  disposed  to  take  any  part  in  the 
transaction.  He  fortunately  made  no  further  exertions  to  ob- 
tain possession  of  the  horse,  but  immediately  mounted  his 
own  horse,  and  rode  off  in  high  dudgeon,  saying  he  would 

VOL.  II.  25 


194  ExpediUon  to  the 

it 
remain  no  longer  with  us,  for  fear  we  would  kill  him.  Contrary 
to  our  expectations,  the  other  Indians  loudly  condemned  his 
conduct;  they  said  that  the  horse  had  never  been  his  property, 
that  they  all  knew  the  animal  well,  that  he  was  a  very  bad  Ki- 
awa,  and  would  either  assemble  a  party  to  return  against  us, 
or  he  would  return  himself  that  night,  to  accomplish  his  pur- 
pose. ''  If  he  does  come,"  said  they,  "  you  need  not  give 
yourselves  any  trouble,  for  we  will  watch  for  him,  and  kill 
him  ourselves. 

When   the  ( xcitement  of  this  incident  had  subsided,  we 
felt  desirous  to  examine  the  contents  of  the  medicine  bag  of 
the  man  of  mysteries,  who  was  at  once  a  magician  and  the 
leader  of  the  party.     At   our  solicitation  he  readily  opened 
his   sacred  depository,   and  displayed  its  contents  on  a  skin 
before  us,  whilst  he  politely  proceeded  to  expatiate  on  their 
powers  and  virtues  in  the  occult  art,   as  well  as  their  physi- 
cal efficacy.    They  consisted  of  various  roots,  seeds,  pappus, 
and  powders,  both  active  and  inert,  as  respects  their  action 
on  the  human  system,  carefully  enveloped   in  skins,  leaves, 
&c.;    some  of  which,   to  his  credulous  faith,    were  invested 
with  supernatural  powers.    Similar  qualities  were  also  attri- 
buted to  some  animal  products,  with  which  these  were  ac- 
companied, such  as  claws  of  birds,  beaks,  feathers,  and  hair. 
But  the  object  that  more  particularly  attracted  our  attention, 
was  the  intoxicating  bean,  as  it  has  been  called,  of  which  he 
possessed  upwards  of  a  pint.     Julien  recognised  it  immedi- 
ately.     He   informed    us  that  it    is    in    such    high  request 
amongst  the   Oto  Indians,   that  a  horse  has  been  exchanged 
for  eight  or  ttn  of  them.     In  that  nation  they  are  only  used 
by  a  particular  society,  who,  at  their  nocturnal  orgies,  make 
a  decoction  of  the  bean,  and,  with  much  pomp  and  ceremo- 
ny, administer  the  delightful  beverage  to  each  member.  The 
initiation  fees  of  this  society  are  rather  extravagant,  and  the 
proceeds  are  devoted  principally  to  the  purchase  of  the  bean. 
That  old  sensualist,  Shongotonga  (Big-horse),  is  the  princi* 


Rocky  Mountains.  195 

pal  or  presiding  member  of  the  society,  and  the  bean  is  ob- 
tained, in  some  circuitous  maaner,  from  the  Pawnee  Piquas 
of  Red  river,  who,  probably,  receive  it  from  the  Mexican 
Indians.  With  some  few  trinkets,  of  little  value,  we  pur- 
chased the  principal  portion  of  our  medicine  man's  store  of 
beans;  they  are  of  an  oval  form,  and  of  a  light  red,  sometimes 
yellowish  colour,  with  a  rather  deeply  impressed  oval  cica- 
trix, and  larger  than  a  common  bean.  A  small  number 
of  a  difFtrentlv  coloured,  and  rather  larger  bean  was  inter- 
mixed  with  them. 

The  squaw  had  in  her  possession,  a  quantity  of  small,  flat, 
blackish  cakes,  which,  on  tasting,  we  found  very  palatable. 
Having  purchased  some  of  them,  we  ascertained  that  they 
were  composed  of  the  wild  cherry,  both  pulp  and  stone 
pounded  together,  until  the  latter  is  broken  into  fragments, 
then  mixed  with  grease,  and  dried  in  the  sun. 

Not  choosing  to  rely  implicitly  on  the  good  faith  of  the 
strangers,  however  emphatically  expressed,  the  sentinel  was 
directed  to  look  well  to  them,  and  also  to  keep  the  horse  in 
question  constantly  in  viev/  during  the  night,  and  to  alarm 
us  upon  the  occurrence  of  any  suspicious  movements.  All, 
however,  remained  q\jiet  during  the  night,  and  in  the 
morning,  the  31st.,  we  resumed  our  journey.  The  river  now 
considerably  dilates,  and  is  studded  with  a  number  of  small 
islands,  but  the  timber  and  shrubs  that  skirt  it  are  still  less 
abundant  and  more  scattered.  The  alluvial  formation  affords 
a  moderate  growth  of  grass,  but  the  general  surface  of  the 
country  is  flat,  sterile,  and  uninteresting.  The  day  was 
cloudy,  with  an  E.  S.  E.  wind,  which  at  night  brought  some 
rain. 

Aug.  1st.  Set  out  late,  and  after  having  travelled  about  two 
luiles,  a  horseman  armed  with  a  spear  was  seen  on  the  Bluffs, 
at  the  distance  of  about,  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  who,  after  gazing 
at  our  line  for  a  short  time,  disappeared.  Our  Pawnee  in- 
terpreters being  at  a  considerable  distance  in  the  rear,  Julien 


196  Expedition  to  the 

was  sent  forward  to  reconnoitre.  He  mounted  the  Bluff  to 
the  general  level  of  the  country,  and  abruptly  halted  his 
horse  within  our  view,  as  if  appearances  before  him  render- 
ed precaution  necessary.  The  Indian  again  came  in  sight, 
and,  in  full  career,  rushed  towards  him,  passed  him,  and 
wheeling  halted  his  horse.  Many  other  Indians  then  appear- 
ed, who  surrounded  Julien,  and,  after  a  short  and  hurried 
conference,  they  dashed  at  full  speed  down  the  steep  bank  of 
the  Bluff  to  meet  us,  the  whc^le  in  concert  singing  the  scalp- 
song.  So  adventurous  and  heedless  was  this  movement,  that 
one  of  the  horses  stumbled,  and  fell  with  great  violence,  and 
rolled  to  the  bottom.  His  rider,  no  doubt,  prepared  for 
such  an  atcident,  threw  himself  in  the  instant  from  his  seat, 
so  as  to  fall  in  the  most  favorable  manner,  and  avoid  the 
danger  of  being  crushed  bv  the  horse.  Not  the  slightest 
attention  was  bestowed  upon  him  by  his  companions,  and, 
indeed,  the  disaster,  however  serious  it  at  first  appeared, 
hardly  interrupted  his  song.  His  horse  being  but  little  injur- 
ed, he  almost  immediately  regained  his  saddle,  and  came  on 
but  little  in  the  rear  of  the  others,  who  now  had  mingled 
with  our  party,  shaking  us  by  the  hand  with  a  kind  of  earnest 
familiarity,  not  the  most  agreeable.  We  needed  no  addi- 
tional information  to  convince  us  that  this  was  a  war  party; 
their  appearance  was  a  sufficient  evidence  of  the  nature  of 
their  occupation.  One  of  us  asked  an  individual,  if  they 
were  Kiawas,  and  was  answered  in  the  affirmative;  he  asked 
a  second  if  they  were  Kaskaias,  and  a  third  if  they  were 
Arrapahoes,  who  both  also  answered  affirmatively.  This 
conduct,  added  to  their  general  deportment,  served  to  excite 
our  suspicions  and  redouble  our  vigilance.  Two  or  three 
other  little  detached  squads  were  now  seen  to  approach,  also 
singing  the  scalp-song. 

Our  interpreters  having  joined  us,  it  was  proposed  that  we 
should  avail  ourselves  of  the  shade  of  a  large  tree,  which 
stood  near  the   river,  to  sit  down   and  smoke  with  them. 


Rocky  Mountains.  197 

They  reared  their  spears  against  the  tree,  with  apparent 
carelessness  and  indifference,  and  took  their  seats  in  the  form 
of  a  semicircle  on  the  ground.  Having  staked  our  horses 
in  the  rear,  and  stationed  the  men  to  protect  them  and  the 
baggage,  we  seated  ourselves,  and  circulated  the  pipe  as 
usual.  But  as  the  party  opposed  to  us  was  nearly  quadruple 
our  number,  we  did  not  choose  to  follow  their  example,  in 
relinquishing  our  arms,  but  grasped  them  securely  in  our 
hands,  and  retained  a  cautious  attitude. 

Bijeau  ascertained  that  they  were  a  Shienne  war  party  on 
their  return  from  an  expedition  against  the  Pawnee  Loups. 
They  had  killed  one  squaw,  whose  scalp  was  suspended  to 
the  spear  of  the  partizan  or  leader  of  the  party,  the  handle 
of  which  was  decorated  with  strips  of  red  and  white  cloth, 
beads,  and  tail-plumes  of  the  war-eagle.  He  also  informed 
us  that  he  recognized  several  of  them,  particularly  a  chief 
who  sat  next  to  him,  whose  person,  himself  and  party  had 
formerly  seized  upon,  and  detained  as  a  hostage  for  the  re- 
covery of  some  horses  that  had  been  stolen.  The  chief,  how- 
ever, did  not  now  betray  any  symptoms  of  a  disposition  to 
retaliate  for  that  act,  though,  without  doubt,  he  regarded  us 
as  in  his  pov/er. 

Our  interpreter  readily  conversed  with  them,  through  the 
medium  of  a  Crow  prisoner,  whose  language  he  partially  un- 
derstood. 

The  partizan,  who  killed  the  victim  of  this  excursion, 
and  two  others,  one  of  whom  first  struck  the  dead  body,  and 
the  other  who  took  off  the  scalp,  were  painted  deep  black 
with  charcoal,  and  almost  the  entire  body  being  exposed, 
rendered  the  effect  more  impressive.  One  of  the  latter,  a 
tall  athletic  figure,  remained  standing  behind  us,  and  refused 
to  smoke  when  the  pipe  was  offered  to  him,  alledging  as  an 
excuse,  the  obligation  of  a  vow  he  had  made  against  the  use 
of  tobacco  on  the  decease  of  his  late  father. 

We  now  drew  upon  our  little  stores  of  merchandize  for  two 


198  Expedition  to  the 

or  three  twists  of  tobacco  and  a  few  knives,  which,  being 
laid  before  the  partizan,  excited  from  his  politeness,  the  re- 
turn of  thanks.  He  was  of  an  ordinary  stature,  and  had  ex- 
ceeded the  middle  age;  his  face  much  pitted  with  the  small- 
pox, his  nostrils  distended  by  a  habitual  muscular  action, 
which,  at  the  same  time,  elevated  the  skin  of  the  foreliead 
and  forcibly  drew  downward  that  part  which  corresponds 
with  the  inner  extremity  of  the  eyebrows,  into  a  kind  of 
gloomy  frown.  This  singular  expression  of  countenance, 
added  to  the  contrast  of  the  whites  of  his  large  eyes,  with 
the  black  colour,  with  which  his  features  and  body  were 
overspread,  seemed  to  indicate  the  operations  of  a  mind 
hardened  to  the  commission  of  the  most  outrageous  actions. 
He,  however,  behaved  with  much  propriety.  During  these 
scenes,  Mr.  Say  succeeded  in  ascertaining  and  recording 
many  of  the  words  of  their  language,  from  an  Indian  who 
had  seated  himself  behind  him. 

The  party  was  armed  with  spears,  bows  and  arrows,  war- 
clubs,  tomahawks,  scalping  knives,  &c. 

As  many  of  them  now  began  to  ask  for  tobacco,  and  for 
paijier  to  include  fragments  of  it,  in  the  form  of  segars,  for 
smoking,  and  not  finding  it  convenient  to  gratify  them  in 
this  respect,  we  thought  it  prudent  to  withdraw,  lest  a  quar- 
rel might  ensue.  We,  therefore,  mounted  our  horses,  with- 
out molestation,  having  been  detained  an  hour  and  a  half, 
and  proceeded  on  our  journey,  with  the  agreeable  reflection, 
that  our  deportment  had  not  warranted  a  supposition  that 
we  were  conscious  of  any  inferiority  in  force,  but  rather  that 
it  was  dictated  by  a  high  courtesy. 

A  few  bisons  varied  the  landscape,  which  is  fatiguing  to 
the  eye  by  its  sameness,  and,  after  travelling  twenty-three 
miles,  we  encamped  for  the  night. 

A  large  green-headed  fly  (Tabanus.)  has  made  its  appear- 
ance in  great  numbers,  which  exeedingly  annoys  our  al- 
ready sufficiently  miserable  horses.    Their  range  seems  to  be 


Rocky  Mountains.  199 

in  a  great  measure  restricted  to  the  luxuriant  bottoms,  and, 
like  the  Zimb  of  Egypt,  they  appear  to  roam  but  little  be- 
yond their  proper  boundaries.  If  we  traversed  these  fertile 
portions  of  the  low  grounds,  which  yield  a  profuse  growth 
of  grasses,  we  were  sure  of  being  attacked  by  them,  seizing 
upon  the  necks  of  the  horses  and  dying  them  with  blood;  but 
the  refuge  of  the  more  elevated  surface,  and  arid  barren  soil, 
afforded  speedy  relief,  by  banishing  our  assailants. 

Scarcely  were  our  tents  pitched,  when  a  thunder-storm, 
which  had  been  approaching  with  a  strong  west  wind,  burst 
over  us,  but  was  of  short  continuance. 

2nd.  After  moving  a  few  miles,  we  halted,  and  sent  out 
hunters  to  kill  a  bison.*  The  confiuent  rattlesnakes  are  very 
abundant,  particularly  in  and  about  the  prairie-dog  villages; 
but  neither  their  appearance,  nor  the  sound  of  their  rattle  ex- 
cites the  attention  of  our  horses.  The  sagacity  of  Mr.  Sey- 
mour's mule,  however,  seems  superior  to  that  of  his  quadru- 
ped companions.  He  appears  to  be  perfectly  aware  of  the 
dangerous  qualities  of  these  reptiles,  and  when  he  perceives 
©ne  of  them  near  him,  he  springs  so  abruptly  to  one  side  as 
to  endanger  his  rider.  Fortunately  none  of  us  have  been 
bitten  by  them,  during  our  pedestrian  rambles. 

A  recent  trail  of  some  war  party  was  this  morning  observ- 
ed leading  across  the  river. 

The  hunters  returned  unsuccessful,  and  we  proceeded  on 
until  sunset,  to  a  distance  of  twenty  miles.  Great  numbers 
of  bisons  were  seen  this  afternoon,  and  some  antelopes. 

*  Amonj^st  the  herds  of  these  animals,  we  verj'  frequently  saw  flocks  of 
the  Cow  Bunting-  [Emheriza perorn).  The  manners  of  t!»is  bird,  in  some 
respects,  are  similar  to  those  of  the  Tanagra  erythrot-yncha  of  Lord  Stan- 
ley, in  Salt's  travels,  flying  and  alighting-  in  considerable  numbers  on 
the  backs  of  the  bisons,  which  from  their  submission  to  the  pressure  of 
numbers  of  them,  seem  to  appreciate  the  services  they  render  by  scratch- 
ing and  devesting  them  of  their  vermin.  This  bird  is  here,  as  well  as  in 
the  settlements,  remarkably  fearless.  They  will  suffer  us  to  pass  very 
near  to  them,  and  one  of  them  to-day  alighted  repeatedly  on  the  ground 
near  our  horses'  feet;  he  would  fly  along  our  line,  balance  himself  on  his 
wings,  to  gratify  his  curiosity,  within  striking  distance  of  a  whip- 


-00  Expedition  to  the 

3rd.  The  morning  was  clear  and  fine,  with  a  temperature 
of  57  degrees.  The  antelopes  became  more  numerous  as  we 
proceeded;  one  of  them  trotted  up  so  near  to  our  line,  as  to 
fall  a  victim  to  his  cariosity.  A  considerable  number  of  the 
coquimbo  or  burrowing-owl  occurred  in  a  prairie-dog  vil- 
lage of  moderate  extent.  They  readily  permitted  the  hunter 
to  approach  within  gunshot,  and  we  were  successful  in  ob- 
taining a  specimen  of  the  bird  in  good  order.  On  examining 
the  several  burrows,  at  which  the  owls  had  been  observ- 
ed to  be  perched,  we  remarked  in  them  a  different  aspect 
from  those  at  which  the  prairie  dog  had  appeared;  they 
were  often  in  a  ruined  condition,  the  sides,  in  some  in- 
stances, fallen  in,  sometimes  seamed  and  grooved  by  the  ac- 
tion of  the  water,  in  its  course  from  the  surface  to  the  mte- 
rior,  and,  in  other  respects,  presenting  a  deserted  aspect, 
and,  like  dilapidated  monuments  of  human  art,  were  the  fit 
abode  of  serpents,  lizards,  and  owls. 

The  burrows,  at  which  we  saw  the  prairie  dog,  were,  on 
the  contrary,  neat,  alv/ays  in  repair,  and  evinced  the  opera- 
tions of  industrious  tenants.  This  contrast,  added  to  the 
form  and  magnitude  of  the  dwelling,  leads  us  to  the  belief 
that  the  coquimbo  owl  does  not,  in  this  region,  excavate  its 
own  burrow,  as  it  is  said  to  do  in  South  America  and  in  the 
West  India  islands.  But,  rather,  that  it  avails  itself  of  the 
abandoned  burrows  of  this  species  of  marmot,  for  the  pur- 
poses of  nidification  and  shelter. 

On  our  arrival  at  our  mid-day  resting  place  on  the  bank  of  the 
Arkansa,thewaterof  the  riverwas  potable,  but  in  a  few  minutes 
it  became  surcharged  with  earthy  and  stercoraceous  matter, 
from  the  sweepings  of  the  prairie  by  the  late  rain,  to  such  a 
degree,  that  our  horses  would  hardly  drink  it.  There  re- 
mained, however,  a  short  distance  below,  a  small  stream  of 
beautifully  pellucid  v/ater,  which  rapidly  filtrated  through  a 
fortuitous  embankment  of  sand  and  pebbles,  and  strongly 
contrasted  with  the  flood,  with  which   it  was  soon  again  to 


Rocky  Mountai72s,  201 

intermingle.  Our  travelled  distance  to-day  was  twenty-lhree 
miles. 

4th.  Proceeded  about  six  miles,  when  we  forded  a  small 
portion  of  the  river  to  an  island,  which  supported  a  growth 
of  low  and  distant  trees.  Here  the  tents  were  pitched,  with 
the  intention  of  halting  a  day  or  two,  to  recruit  our  miserable 
horses,  and  to  supply  ourselves  with  a  store  of  jerked  meat. 
The  hunters  were  accordingly  sent  to  the  opposite  side  of 
the  river,  and  in  a  short  time  they  succeeded  in  killing  four 
fat  cows,  which  gave  employment  to  all  the  men,  in  prepar- 
ing the  meat  for  transportation. 

A  brisk  southerly  wind  prevailed,  that  rendered  the  at- 
mosphere less  oppressive  than  usual. 

The  wind  ceased  during  the  night,  and  the  lowing  of  the 
thousands  of  bisons  that  surrounded  us  in  every  direction, 
reached  us  in  one  continual  roar.  This  harsh  and  guttural 
noise,  intermediate  between  the  bellowing  of  the  domestic 
bull,  and  the  grunting  of  the  hog,  was  varied  by  the  shrill  bark 
and  scream  of  the  prairie  wolves,  and  the  howling  of  the  white 
wolves,  (Canis  Mexicanus  Var?j  which  were  also  abundant. 
These  wild  and  dissonant  sounds,  were  associated  with  the 
idea  of  the  barren  and  inhospitable  wastes,  in  the  midst  of 
which  we  were  then  reposing,  and  vividly  reminded  us  of 
our  remoteness  from  the  comforts  of  civilized  society.  Com- 
pleted the  operation  of  jerking  the  meat,  of  which  we  had 
prepared  two  packs,  sufficient  in  weight  to  constitute  a  load 
for  one  of  our  horses,  and  disposed  every  thing  for  an  early 
departure  to-morrow. 

6th.  An  unusual  number  of  noisy  wolves  hovered 
around  our  encampment  of  last  night,  attracted  probably  by 
the  smell  of  the  meat.  Resumed  our  journey  on  a  fine  cloud- 
less morning,  with  a  strong  and  highly  agreeable  breeze 
from  the  south.  We  were  now  traversing  the  great  bend  of 
the  river.  Travelled  twenty-three  miles  this  day,  and  shot 
two  bulls  which  were  now  lean,   and   their  flesh  of  a   disa- 

A'OL.  II.  26 


202  Expedition  to  the 

greeable  rank  taste,  and  scarcely  eatable;  we  therefore  con- 
tented ourselves  with  the  tongues  and  marrow-bones. 

7th.  The  mercurial  column  of  the  thermometer  at  sunrise, 
for  a  few  days  past,  has  ranged  between  42  and  67  degrees, 
and  the  atmosphere  is  serene  and  dry.  The  services  of  the 
two  French  Pawnee  interpreters,  Bijeau  and  Ledoux,  had 
terminated  agreeably  to  their  contract  at  Purgatory  creek. 
But  having  been  highly  serviceable  to  us  on  our  route,  it  be- 
came desirable,  particularly  on  the  departure  of  our  com- 
panions for  Red  river,  that  they  should  accompany  us  still 
farther,  until  we  should  have  passed  beyond  the  great  Indian 
war  path,  here  so  widely  outspread.  This  they  readily  con- 
sented to,  as  they  regarded  a  journey  from  that  point  to  their 
home  at  the  Pawnee  villages,  as  somewhat  too  hazardous 
to  be  prudently  attempted  by  only  two  individuals,  however 
considerable  their  qualifications,  and  intimate  their  familiarity 
with  the  manners  of  those  whom  they  would  probably  meet. 

But  as  we  now  supposed  ourselves  to  have  almost  reached 
the  boundary  of  this  region,  and  they  again  expressed  their 
anxiety  to  return  to  their  village,  in  order  to  prepare  for  their 
autumnal  hunt,  we  no  longer  attempted  to  induce  their  fur- 
ther delay.  They  departed  after  breakfast,  on  a  pathless  jour- 
ney of  about  three  hundred  miles,  the  supposed  distance  from 
this  point  to  the  Pawnee  villages  of  the  Platte;  apparently 
well  pleased  with  the  treatment  they  had  received,  and  ex- 
pressing a  desire  again  to  accompany  us,  should  we  re- 
ascend  the  Missouri. 

We  cannot  take  leave  of  them,  without  expressing  our  en- 
lire  approbation  of  their  conduct  and  deportment,  dunng  our 
arduous  journey;  Bijeau  particularly,  was  faithful,  active,  in- 
dustrious, and  communicative.  Besides  the  duties  of  guide 
and  interpreter,  he  occasionally  and  frequently  volunteered 
his  services  as  hunter,  butcher,  cook,  veterinarian,  &c.,  and 
pointed  out  various  little  services,  tending  to  our  comfort 
and  security,  which  he  performed  with  pleasure  and  alacri- 


Rocky  Mountains,  203 

ty,  and  which  no  other  than  one  habituated  to  this  mode  of 
life  would  have  devised.  During  leisure  intervals,  he  had 
communicated  an  historical  narrative  of  his  life  and  adven- 
tures, more  particularly  in  as  far  as  they  were  relative  to  the 
country  which  we  have  been  exploring.  He  particularized 
the  adventures  of  Choteau  and  Demun's  hunting  and  trading 
party,  their  success  in  beaver  hunting,  the  considerable  quan- 
tity of  merchandise  they  took  with  them,  their  adventures 
with  the  natives,  and  the  singular  circumstances  attendant  on 
•  their  capture  by  the  Mexican  Spaniards,  and  the  transfer  of 
the  merchandise  to  Santa  Fe,  without,  hovvever,  venturing 
to  express  any  conjectures  relative  to  the  latter  transaction. 
Much  still  more  important  information  was  derived  from 
him,  concerning  the  manners  and  habits  of  these  mountain 
Indians,  their  history,  affinities,  and  migrations. 

A  copious  addition  to  our  vocabulary  of  words  of  the 
Pawnee  language,  was  obtained  from  Ledoux,  together  with 
an  account  of  the  manners  and  habits  of  that  nation. 

All  these,  however,  composed  a  part  of  the  manuscripts 
of  Mr,  Say,  that  were  subsequently  carried  off  by  deserters 
from  our  camp. 

Travelled  this  day  twenty-seven  miles.  The  soil  is  becom- 
ing in  many  districts  more  exclusively  sandy,  the  finer  par- 
ticles of  which,  driven  by  the  wind,  have  formed  numerous 
large  hillocks  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river,  precisely  re- 
sembling those  which  are  accumulated  on  our  sea  coast.  On 
the  northern  side,  or  that  which  we  are  traversing,  the  prai- 
rie still  offers  its  unvaried  flatness,  and  cheerless  sterility, 
so  that  during  a  portion  of  the  day's  journe)',  not  a  solitary 
bush  seen  on  the  river  bank,  relieved  the  monotonous  scene 
before  us. 

Proceeded  early  on  the  following  morning,  and  at  the  dis- 
tance of  twelve  miles  crossed  a  creek  of  clear  running  water, 
called  by  Bijeau,  Demun's  creek,  from  the  circumstance  of 
that  hunter  losing  here  a  fine  horse.     At  a  considerable  dis- 


204  Expedition  to  the 

tance  above,  its  stream  was  slightly  fringed  with  timber,  but 
at  our  crossing  place,  it  was  like  the  neighbouring  part  of  the 
river,  to  which  it  contributed,  entirely  destitute  of  trees. 
Our  journey  this  day  was  a  distance  of  twenty-four  and  a 
half  miles;  towards  evening,  we  crossed  another  creek,  over 
which,  being  much  backed  up  by  the  river,  we  experienced 
some  difficulty  in  effecting  a  passage,  and  were  obliged  with 
this  view  to  ascend  its  stream  some  distance.  It  was  mode- 
rately wooded,  and  amongst  other  trees  we  observed  the  elm, 
(Ulmus  alata^)  and  some  plum  trees,  bearing  fruit  near- 
ly ripe. 

9th.  During  these  few  days  past,  the  bisons  have  occurred 
in  vast  and  almost  continuous  herds,  and  in  such  infinite 
numbers,  as  seemed  to  indicate  the  great  bend  of  the  Ar- 
kansa,  as  their  chief  and  general  rendezvous.  As  we  passed 
along,  they  ran  in  an  almost  uninterrupted  line  before  us.  The 
course  of  our  line  being  parallel  to  that  of  the  Arkansa,  when 
we  travelled  at  the  distance  of  a  mile  or  two  from  the  river, 
great  herds  of  these  animals  were  included  between  us  and 
it;  as  the  prevailing  wind  blew  very  obliquely  from  our  left 
towards  the  river,  it  informed  them  of  our  presence,  by  the 
scent  which  it  conveyed.  As  soon  as  the  odour  reached  even 
the  farthest  animal,  though  at  the  distance  of  two  miles  on 
our  right,  and  perhaps  a  half  a  mile  in  our  rear,  he  betrayed 
the  utmost  alarm,  would  start  into  a  full  bounding  run,  to 
pass  before  us  to  the  bluffs,  and  as  he  turned  round  the  head 
of  our  line,  he  would  strain  every  muscle  to  accelerate  his 
motion.  This  constant  procession  of  bulls,  cows,  and  calves 
of  various  sizes,  grew  so  familiar  to  us  at  length,  as  no  lon- 
ger to  divert  our  view  from  the  contemplation  of  other  ob- 
jects, and  from  the  examination  of  the  comparatively  more 
minute,  but  certainly  not  less  wonderful  works   of  nature. 

The  white  and  prairie  wolves  more  intelligent  than  their 
associates,  judging  by  the  eye  of  the  proximity  of  danger,  as 
well  as  by  their  exquisite  sense  of  smelling,  either  dashed 


Rocky  Mountains.  205 

©ver  the  river,  or  unhesitatingly  crossed  our  scent  in  the  rear, 
and  at  an  easy  pace,  or  dog-trot,  chose  the  shortest  route  to 
the  bluffs. 

The  soil  during  the  afternoon's  ride  was  a  deep,  fine,  white 
sand,  which  rendered  the  travelling  very  laborious,  under 
the  debilitating  influence  of  an  extreme  temperature  of  94 
degrees  of  Fahrenheit's  scale,  and  affected  the  sight  by  the 
glare  of  light,  which  it  so  freely  reflected.  The  chief  pro- 
duce of  these  tracts  of  unmixed  sand,  is  the  sunflower,  often 
the  dense  and  almost  exclusive  occupant. 

The  evening  encampment  was  formed  at  the  junction  of  a 
small  tributary  with  the  river,  at  the  distance  of  about  twen- 
ty-four miles  from  the  last  mentioned  creek.  The  very  tri- 
fling quantity  of  timber,  supported  by  the  immediate  bank 
of  the  river  in  this  region,  is  almost  exclusively  the  cotton- 
wood;  we  are  therefore  gratified  to  observe  on  this  creek,  be- 
sides the  elm,  the  walnut,  mulberry  and  ash,  which  we  hail 
with  a  hearty  welcome,  as  the  harbingers  of  a  more  produc- 
tive territory. 


CHAPTER  XII. 

/cnnination  of  the  great  bend  of  the  Arkansa — letan  war 
party — Little  Arkansa — Red  rivers  fork — Little  Neosho 
and  Little  Verdigris, 

August  10th.  The  great  bend  of  the  Arkansa  terminates 
here,  and  as  our  horses  have  fed  insufficiently  for  several  days 
past,  we  lay  by  for  the  day,  to  give  them  an  opportunity  of  re- 
cruiting. S.  S.  E.  winds  prevailed,  and  at  noon  exerted  a  con- 
siderable force;  the  extreme  heat  was  y6  degrees.  The  hun- 
ters brought  in  a  deer  and  bison. 

11th.  Having  jerked  our  meat,  and  our  horses  being  re- 
freshed, we  set  forward  at  an  early  hour.  The  sandy  soil  and 
growth  of  sunflowers,  still  continues  on  the  river  bottoms, 
and  the  surface  of  the  opposite  bank,  still  swells  into  occa- 
sional hillocks  of  naked  sand.  The  rice  bird,  (Emberiza 
oryzivora,  L.j  was  feeding  on  the  seeds  of  the  sunflower,  and 
the  bald  eagle  was  seen  sailing  high  in  the  air. 

We  have,  hitherto,  generally  been  able  to  procure  a  suffi- 
cient supply  of  small  drift  wood  for  our  culinary  purposes, 
but  at  this  noon-day  halting  place,  we  were  obliged  to  dis- 
patch a  man  across  the  river,  to  collect  enough  to  kindle  a 
fire.  From  our  evening  encampment,  not  a  tree  was  within 
the  range  of  sight. 

This  day  was  extremely  warm,  the  mercury  at  three 
o'clock  indicating  96  degrees,  a  temperature  not  decreased 
by  a  nimbus  in  the  west,  pouring  rain  with  some  thunder.  In 
the  evening,  lightning  played  beautifully  amongst  the  min- 
gled cirrostratus  and  cumulus  clouds,  with  which  the  hea- 
vens became  overcast. 

In  the  afternoon,  we  passed  the  termination  of  the  sand 


Expedition^  Ssfc.  20f 

hills  of  the  opposite  shore.  A  fine  male  antelope  was  shot  by 
Lieutenant  Swift,  and  a  skunk  was  also  added  to  our  stock 
of  provisions.     Distance  twenty-five  miles. 

f-Zth.  Passed  over  a  very  wide  bottom,  of  which  the  soil 
where  not  too  sandy,  produces  a  most  luxuriant  growth  of 
grasses  and  other  plants,  but  the  river  is  still  in  a  great  mea- 
sure destitute  of  trees,  of  which  we  passed  but  three,  during 
the  morning's  riJe,  and  not  a  bush  over  the  height  of  about 
two  and  a  half  feet,  being  a  few  willows  and  barren  plum 
bushes.  We  were  again  gratified  with  the  appearance  of  the 
prairie  foivl^  running  nimbly  before  us  through  the  grass, 
the  first  we  have  seen  since  leaving  the  Platte.  The  bisons 
have  now  very  much  diminished  in  number;  we  passed 
unheeded,  within  a  few  yards  of  a  young  bull,  whose  glazed 
eye,  and  panting  respiration,  showed  the  operation  of  some 
malady,  and  it  was  curious  to  observe,  that  though  he  stood 
erect  and  firmly  on  his  legs,  the  wolves  which  fled  on  our 
approach,  were  acquainted  with  his  defenceless  condition, 
and  surrounded  him  in  considerable  numbers,  awaiting  his 
dissolution,  and  probably  watching  their  opportunity  to  ac- 
celerate it. 

The  afternoon  was  calm,  and  the  mercury  at  its  greatest 
elevation,  stood  at  99  degrees.  Soon  after  our  departure 
from  our  resting  place  of  noon,  we  observed  a  large  herd  of 
bisons  on  our  left,  running  with  their  utmost  rapidity  towards 
us,  from  the  distant  bluffs.  This  was  a  sufHcient  warning  to 
put  us  on  our  guard  against  another  unwelcome  war  party. 
Looking  attentively  over  the  surface  of  the  country  in  that 
direction,  a  mounted  Indian  was  at  length  observed  to  oc- 
cupy an  elevated  swell  of  the  surface,  at  the  distance  of  a 
mile  or  two  from  us.  Our  peace  flag  was  as  usual,  immedi- 
ately displayed,  to  let  him  know  that  we  were  white  people, 
and  to  induce  him  to  come  to  us,  whilst  we  halted  to  wait 
for  him.  Assured  by  this  pacific  display,  he  approached  a 
short  distance  but  again  halted,  as  if  doubting  our  intentions. 


208  Expedition  to  tlic 

Julien  was  then  sent  forward  towards  him,  bearing  the  flag, 
to  assure  him  of  our  friendship.  The  Indian  now  alvanced 
but  with  much  caution,  and  obliquely  from  one  side  to  the 
Other,  as  if  beating  against  the  wind.  Another  Indian  was 
now  observed  advancing  rapidly,  who  joined  his  companion. 
After  some  communication,  by  means  of  signs  with  Julien, 
to  ascertain  who  we  were,  they  approached  within  gunshot 
of  us,  and  halting,  desired  to  shake  hands  with  our  chief. 
After  this  ceremony  they  rode  to  an  elevated  ground,  in  or- 
der to  give  information  to  their  party,  which  during  this 
short  interview,  we  had  discovered  at  a  long  distance  towards 
the  bluffs,  drawn  up  in  line,  in  a  conspicuous  situation.  One 
of  the  horsemen  halted,  whilst  his  companion  rodf  trans- 
versely twice  between  him  and  the  party.  This  telegraphic 
signal  was  immediately  understood  by  the  party,  that  conse- 
quentl)  came  on  towards  us.  But  their  movement  was  sp 
tardy,  that  it  required  the  exertion  of  the  greater  portion 'of 
our  stock  of  patience  to  wait  their  coming,  under  the  ardour 
of  the  heated  ravs  of  the  sun  to  which  we  were  ejqiosed. 
They  seemed  peaceably  disposed,  and  desired  to  aceompany 
us  to  the  river  bank,  in  order  to  smoke  with  usA(but  such 
was  the  scarcity  of  timber,  that  we  were  unablfe  to  avail 
ourselves  of  the  shade  of  a  single  tree. 

We  now  ascertained  that  they  were  an  letan  or  Camanch 
(a  band  of  Snake  Indians,)  war  party,  thirty- five  in  number, 
of  whom  five  were  squaws.  They  had  marched  to  attack  the 
Osages,  but  were  surprised  in  their  camp  of  night  before 
last,  by  a  party  of  unknown  Indians.  In  the  skirmish  that 
ensued,  they  lost  three  men,  and  had  six  wounded.  They, 
however,  escaped  under  cover  of  the  darkness,  with  the  fur- 
ther loss  of  fifty-six  horses  and  all  their  clothing,  which 
were  captured  by  the  enemy.*  They  were  indeed  in  a  naked 

*  We  have  since  learned  from  Major  O'Fallon,  that  letan,  the  distin- 
guished Oto  partizan  had  informed  him,  within  a  ievj  days  of  this  date, 
that  he  had  just  then  returned  from  a  war  excursion,  in  company  with  a 


Rocky  Moun  tarns.  209 

condition,  being  destitute  of  robes,  leggings,  and  mocka- 
sins,  with  nothing  to  cover  their  bodies  at  night,  or  to  pro- 
tect thtm  from  the  influence  of  the  sun  during  the  day.  The 
squaws,  however,  had  managod  to  retain  t\ieir  clothing,  and 
one  of  the  warriors  had  preserved  an  article  of  dress,  resem- 
bling a  coat,  half  red  and  half  blue,  ornamented  with  beads 
on  the  sleeves  and  shoulders.  The  usual  decoration  of  beads 
about  the  neck,  and  in  the  hair,  and  ears,   were   preserved, 
and  one  warrior  only  was  painted  with  vermillion.  The  hair 
of  several  was  matted  into  flat  braids  with  red  clay,  and  one 
individual  had  seven  or  eight  pieces  of  the  pearl  shell,  so 
highly  valued  by  these  Indians,  suspended  from  his  ears.  In 
every  particular  of  form  and   feature,  they  were  undistin- 
guishable  from  the  Kiawas,  Kaskaias,  and  Arrapahoes.  Much 
attention  was  devoted   to  the   wounded,  who  were  each  ac- 
commodated with  a  horse,  of  which  animals  eight  had  been 
fortunately  retained.  These  objects  of  sympathy,  v.ere  assist- 
ed in  alighting  from  their  horses  with  great  tenderness,  par- 
ticularly one  of  them,  who  was  shot  through  the  body.  Ano- 
ther of  them,  who  was  one  of  the  two  mounted  spies  that 
first  approached   us,  had  lost  his  brother  in  the  late  battle, 
and  to  prove  the  sincerity  of  his  grief  for  his  loss,  he  had 
cut  more  than  one  hundred  parallel  transverse  lines   on  his 
arms  and  thighs,  of  the  length  of  from  three  to  four  inches, 
deep  enough  to  draw  blood,  and  so  close  to  each  other,  that 
the  width  of  the  finger  could  not  be  interposed  between  any 
two  of  them. 

They  were  armed  with  the  bow  and  arrow,  lance  and 
shield,  and  thirteen  guns,  but  by  far  the  greatest  number 
carried  lances. 

They  begged  stoutly  for  various  articles,  particularly  cloth- 
ing, and  it  was  found  necessary  to  separate  from  them  a  few 

small  part)  of  Otoes  that  he  led.  And  the  narration  of  his  adventures  sa- 
tistactorilj'  proved,  that  it  was  he  and  his  party,  that  reduced  the  letaa  war 
part)  to  the  condition,  in  which  they  presented  themselves  to  us, 

VOL.  II.  27 


210  Expedition  to  the 

feet,  into  a  distinct  body,  in  order  to  be  prepared  to  act  to- 
gether in  case  of  necessity.  One  of  us,  however,  occupied 
with  the  appearance  of  these  Indians,  still  remained  amongst 
them,  until  one  of  the  Indians  attempted  to  seize  his  gun, 
when  a  slight  scuffle  ensued,  which  terminated  by  violently 
wresting  the  piece  from  the  grasp  of  the  Indian,  and  warily 
retreating  from  the  midst  of  them. 

All  being  seated,  the  pipe  was  passed  round  to  a  few  prin- 
cipal persons,  who  sat  directly  in  front  of  us.  Some  presents 
were  likewise  laid  before  the  partizan,  consisting  of  a  blan- 
ket, a  skin  to  make  mockasins  of,  a  dozen  knives,  and  five 
twists  of  tobacco;  and  though  some  of  them  complained 
aloud,  and  with  a  violent  shivering  gesticulation,  of  the  cold 
they  suffered  during  the  night,  such  was  the  state  of  our 
stores,  both  public  and  private,  that  it  was  not  thought  pru- 
dent further  to  enlarg<;  our  bounty. 

One  of  our  number,  who  was  earnestly  occupied  in  endea- 
vouring to  obtain  a  few  words  of  their  language,  but  who 
succeeded  in  recording  but  four,  heard  one  of  them  whilst 
in  conversation  with  the  partizan,  terminate  a  remark  with  a 
word  or  phrase,  so  exactly  similar  in  sound  to  the  words 
hoxu  is  it,  that  he  almost  involuntarily  repeated  them  aloud. 
The  speaker  seemed  pleased  with  this,  and  believing  from 
the  exact  similarity  of  the  sounds,  that  he  understood  the 
language,  immediately  directed  his  discourse  to  him,  but 
was  answered  only  by  signs,  denoting  ignorance  of  the  lan- 
guage. 

Their  words  seem  less  harsh,  more  harmonious,  and  ea- 
sier of  acquisition,  than  those  of  their  neighbours. 

Whilst  thus  occupied,  one  of  the  soldiers  who  were  behind 
us,  called  our  attention  to  an  Indian  who  had  the  effrontery 
to  seize  the  Kaskaia  horse  by  the  halter,  and  as  in  a  former 
instance,  was  making  a  noose  to  pass  over  his  head.  This 
procedure  was  pointed  out  to  the  partizan,  who  taking  no 
notice  of  it,  the  fellow  was  ordered  in  a  peremptory  tone  of 


Rocky  Mountains,  211 

voice  and  unequivocal  manner,  to  desist,  which  he  reluc- 
tantly complied  with.  Thus,  this  horse  is  immediately  dis- 
tinguished, and  recognised  by  all  the  parties  we  have  met 
with,  since  he  has  been  with  us. 

We  had  remained  about  an  hour  with  this  party,  when  in 
consequence  of  this  conduct,  of  their  importunateness,  and 
some  incipient  symptoms  of  disorder  amongst  them,  we 
judged  it  prudent  to  leave  them,  without  further  delay,  in 
order  to  avoid  a  quarrel. 

We  therefore  mounted  our  horses,  notwithstanding  the 
earnest  solicitations  of  these  Indians,  that  we  would  pass  the 
night  with  them,  probably  anticipating  another  night  attack 
from  some  unseen  enemy.  But  hardly  had  we  proceeded  an 
himdred  yards,  when  Julien's  voice  called  our  attention  to 
the  precarious  situation  in  which  he  was  placed.  He  had 
been  by  an  accident  detained  in  the  rear,  and  being  separa- 
ted a  shor^distance  from  the  party,  he  was  now  entirely  sur- 
rounded bv  Indians,  who  appeared  determined  to  strip  him  of 
every  thing,  and  by  pulling  at  his  blanket,  bridle,  &c.  they  had 
nearly  unhorsed  him.  Several  of  us,  of  course,  at  this  critical 
juncture,  turned  our  horses  to  assist  him,  and  a  soldier  who 
was  nearest,  prepared  his  rifte  to  begin  the  onset.  Observing 
cur  attitude,  many  of  the  Indians  were  in  a  moment  prepa- 
red for  battle,  by  placing  their  arrows  across  their  bows, 
and  a  skirmish  would,  no  doubt,  have  ensiied,  had  not  the 
partizan,  observing  our  determination,  and  influenced  per- 
haps by  gratitude  for  the  presents  he  had  received,  called  off 
his  men  from  Julien,  and  permitted  us,  without  any  further 
molestation,  to  proceed  on  our  way. 

In  consequence  of  the  desperate  situation  of  this  party, 
we  could  not  entertain  a  doubt,  that  they  would  attempt  to 
capture  our  horses  during  the  night,  and  to  appropriate  to 
themselves  our  personal  equipments.  We  therefore  continu- 
ed our  movement  until  a  later  hour  than  usual,  and  after  a 
day's  journey  of  twenty-two  miles,  during  which  we  saw  but 


212  Expedition  to  the 

three  trees,  we  encamped  in  a  selected  position,  and  made  the 
best  arrangements  in  our  power,  to  repulse  a  night  attack. 
The  horses  were  staked  as  near  to  each  other,  and  to  our- 
selves as  possible,  the  packs  were  arranged  in  a  semi-circu- 
lar line  of  defence,  and  each  man  reposed  on  his  private  bag- 
gage; the  guard  was  doubled,  and  we  remained  wakeful  du- 
ring the  night.  No  alarm  however  occurred,  and  on  the  fol- 
lowing morning  we  set  out  early.  Our  way  led  over  an  ex- 
tensive bottom,  from  three  to  twelve  miles  in  breadth,  pro- 
ducing a  luxuriant  growth  of  grasses  now  glittering  with 
drops  of  collected  dew.  Crossed  a  creek  which  is  destitute 
of  timber  as  far  as  the  eye  can  trace  its  course.  The  depth 
of  the  water  being  to  all  appearance  considerable,  it  became 
necessary  to  setk  a  fording  place,  which  was  found  about  a 
mile  above  its  confluence.  It  was  here  knee-deep,  flowing 
with  a  moderate  current  over  a  bed  of  sand  and  gravel,  the 
surface  of  the  water  being  depressed  only  about  four  feet 
below  the  general  level.  About  an  hundred  yards  beyond 
its  confluence,  we  observed  a  canal  of  water  backed  up  from 
the  river,  which  from  a  little  distance,  gave  a  double  appear- 
ance to  the  creek.  We  remained  here  until  a  large  elk, 
which  had  been  shot,  was  cut  up  and  the  meat  packed  upon 
the  horses. 

At  our  mid-day  resting  place  were  a  few  trees  and  some 
elevated  sand  hills,  but  as  the  situation  was  not  an  eligible 
one  for  the  protection  of  the  horses  from  Indian  depredation, 
we  moved  a  few  miles  further,  and  encamped  as  usual  on 
the  bank  of  the  river.  The  day  had  been  very  sultry,  with 
an  extreme  temperature  of  95  degrees,  and  the  evening  was 
accompanied  by  a  display  of  lightning  in  the  north-western 
horizon. 

The  bisons  are  yet  numerous,  and  the  white  wolves  also 
abundant;  packs  of  the  latter  are  still  heard  to  howl  about 
o.ir  camp  in  the  night,  responding  to  the  harsh  bellowing  or 
grunting  .>f  the  bulls.     Our  dogs,  that  formerly  took  part  in 


Itocky  Mountains*  213 

this  wild  and  savage  concert,  by  barking  fiercely  in  return, 
no  longer  rouse  us  from  our  sleep  by  noticing  it. 

14th.  A  slight  dew  had  fallen.  The  wind  was  S.S.E.  nearly 
calm,  ;md  our  morning's  journey  was  arduous,  in  consequence 
of  the  great  heat  of  the  atmosphere.     Our  dogs,  these  two 
or  three  days  past,  had  evidently  followed  us  with  difficulty. 
Csesar,  a  fine  mastiff  and  the  larger  of  the  two,  this  morning 
trotted  heavily  forward  and  threw  himself  down  directly 
before  the  first  horse  in  the  line:  the  rider  turned  his  horse 
aside,  to  avoid  doing  Injury  to  the  dog,  but  had  he  noticed 
the  urgency  of  this  eloquent  appeal  of  the  animal  for  a  halt, 
it  would  not  have  passed  unregarded.    The  dog,  finding  this 
attempt  to  draw  attention  to  his  sufferings  unavailing,  threw 
himself  successively  before  two  or  three   other  horses,  but 
still  failed  to  excite  the  attention  he  solicited,  until  a  soldier 
in  the  rear  observed  that  his  respiration  was  excessively  la- 
borious, and  his  tongue  to  a  great  length  depended  from  his 
widely  extended  mouth.  He  therefore  took  the  dog  upon  his 
horse  before  him,  intending  to  bathe  him,  in  the  river,|  which, 
however,  being  at  the  distance  of  a  half  mile,   the  poor  ex- 
hausted animal  expired  in  his  arms,  before  he  reached  it.  To 
travellers,  in  such  a  country,  any  domesticated  animal, howev- 
er abject,  becomes  an  acceptable  companion,  and  our  dogs,  be- 
sides their  real  usefulness  as  guards  at  night,  drew  our  atten- 
tion in  various  ways  during  the  day,  and  became  gradually  so 
endeared  to  us,  that  the  loss  of  Caesar  was  felt  as  a  real  evil. 
The  afternoon  continued  sultry,  the  extreme  heat  being  97 
degrees.    Towards  evening,  a  brisk  northeast  wind  appear- 
ed to  proceed  from  a  nimbus  which  was  pouring  rain  in  that 
direction,  and  produced  so  instantaneous  and  great  a  change 
in  the  atmospheric  temperature,  that  we  were  obliged  to  but- 
ton up  to  the  chin;  but  it  revived  and  refreshed  us  all.   As 
we  were  now  approaching  a  well  wooded  creek,  we  hoped 
soon  to   assuage    our  impatient  thirst;  but  great   was  the 
mortification,  upon  arriving  at  the  naked  bank,  to  see  a  dry 


214  Expedition  to  the 

bed  of  gravel  of  at  least  fifty  yards  in  breadth.  Crossing 
this  inhospitable  tract,  which  appears  to  be  occasionally  delu- 
ged with  water,  with  the  intention  of  passing  down  the  op- 
posite bank  of  the  river,  we  were  agreeably  surprised  to 
discover  a  fine  limpid  stream  of  cool  water,  meandering 
through  a  dense  growth  of  trees  and  bushes,  which  had  be- 
fore concealed  it  from  view.  Here  w  emarked  the  Honey 
locust  [Gleditsia  triacanthus']  and  Button  wood,]  Platanus 
occidentalism  thpugh  the  principal  growth  is  Cotton -wood, 
Elm,  and  Ash. 

This  stream  of  water,  we  believe,  is  known  to  a  few  hun- 
ters, who  have  had  an  opportunity  ^  visit  it,  by  the  name 
of  Little  Arkansa. 

The  distance  of  the  day's  journey  was  twenty-three  miles, 
during  which  but  a  single  prairie-dog  village  was  seen,  and 
proved  to  be  the  last  one  that  occurred  on  the  expedition. 
Partridges  and  prairie  fowls  were  numerous. 

15th.  Much  lightning  occurred  during  the  night,  perva- 
ding the  eastern  heavens,  nearly  from  north  to  south.  At  the 
distance  of  a  mile  from  last  night's  encampment  we  crossed 
a  wooded  ravine,  and,  further  on,  a  small  creek,  when  upon 
looking  back  on  our  right,  we  saw  the  appearance  of  an  In- 
dian village,  situate  near  the  confluence  of  the  Little  Ar- 
kansa with  the  river.  Inspired  with  hope  we  turned  to- 
wards the  spot,  but  on  arriving  there,  it  proved  to  be  a  large 
hunting  camp,  which  had  probably  been  occupied  during  the 
preceding  season.  It  exhibited  a  more  permanent  aspect 
than  three  others  that  occurred  on  our  route  of  the  three  past 
days;  much  bark  covered  the  boweries, and  a  few  pumpkins, 
watermelons,  and  some  maize,  the  seeds  of  which  had  fal- 
len from  unknown  hands,  were  fortuitously  growing  as  well 
within  as  without  the  rude  but  frail  tenements.  Of  the  maize 
we  collected  enough  to  furnish  out  a  very  slight  but  extreme- 
ly grateful  repast,  and  the  watermelons  were  eaten  in  their 
unripe  state. 


Rocky  Mountains.  215 

Resuming  our  ride  we  crossed  three  branches  of  a  creek, 
in  one  of  which  two  of  the  horses  entered  in  a  part  not  ford- 
able,  and  as  the  banks  were  steep  and  miry,  it  was  with  much 
exertion  and  dela>  that  they  were  recovered.  Oak  and  Wal- 
nut trees  abound  upon  this  creek,  besides,  Elm,  Ash,  and 
Locust.     A  kingfisher  [Alcedo  alcyoii]  was  also  seen. 

The  extreme  heat  was  rather  more  intense  than  that  of  the 
preceding  day,  the  mercurial  column  standing  for  a  time  at 
97i  degrees. 

The  bluffs  hitherto  more  or  less  remote  from  the  bed  of 
the  river,  now  approached  it  so  closely,  as  to  render  it  ne- 
cessary to  pursue  our  course  over  them.  On  ascending  up- 
on the  elevated  prairie,  we  observed  that  it  had  assumed  a 
different  appearance,  in  point  of  fertility,  from  that  which  we 
had  been  familiar  with,  nearer  to  the  mountains.  And  al- 
though the  soil  is  not  yet  entirely  concealed  from  the  view 
by  its  produce,  yet  the  grass  is  from  six  inches  to  one  foot 
in  height. 

But  five  bisons  were  seen  to-day,  a  privation  which  com- 
municates a  solitary  air  to  this  region,  when  compared  with 
the  teeming  plains  over  which  we  have  passed,  and  of  which 
these  animals  formed  the  chief  feature. 

Our  distance  this  day  on  a  straight  line,  maybe  estimated 
at  fourteen  and  a  quarter  miles,  though  the  actual  travelled 
distance  was  much  more  considerable. 

During  the  space  of  about  one  month,  our  only  regular 
food,  besides  meat,  has  been  coarsely  ground  parched  maize 
meal,  of  which  a  ration  of  one  gill  per  day,  was  shared  to 
each  individual.  This  quantity  was  thrown  into  common 
stock  and  boiled  with  the  meat,  into  a  kind  of  soup.  This 
meal  is  nutricious,  portable,  not  subject  to  spoil  by  keeping 
a  reasonable  length  of  time,  and  is  probably  to  be  preferred 
as  a  substitute  for  bread,  to  other  succedanea  by  travellers 
in  an  uncivilized  country.  Our  store  of  meal,  however,  was 
now  exhausted,  and  we  were  obliged  to  resort  to  a  small 


216  Expedition  to  the 

quantity  of  mouldy  crumbs  of  biscuit,  which  had  been  trea- 
sured up  for  time  of  need. 

At  night  ahtiost  incessant  lightning  coruscated  in  the 
north-western  horizon. 

16th.  Several  showers  of  rain  with  much  thunder  and  vivid 
lightning  fell  during  the  iiight;  and  the  early  morning  con- 
tinued showery,  but  the  clouds  were  evidently  undergoing  the 
change  from  nimbus  to  cirrostratus,  in  this  instance,  the  har- 
bingers of  a  fine  day.  Several  ravines  occurred  on  the  morn- 
ing's journey,  containing,  in  the  deeper  parts  of  their  bed, 
pools  of  standing  water.  The  first  was  of  considerable  size, 
with  steep  banks,  and  thickly  wooded  as  far  up  its  couise  as 
the  view  extended.  The  trees  were  principally  oak,  some 
walnut,  elm,  ash,  mulberry,  button-wood,  cotton-wood  and 
willow. 

A  horse,  presented  by  the  Kiawa  chief,  could  not  be  pre- 
vailed upon  to  traverse  this  occasional  water  course;  he  eva- 
ded the  attempts  of  several  men  to  urge  him  forward,  and 
after  being  thus  fruitlessly  detained  a  considerable  time,  the 
animal  was  shot. 

If  he  had  been  abandoned,  he  must  have  perished  for  want 
of  water,  having  been  accidentally  deprived  of  sight,  and  more 
certainly,  as  that  fluid,  so  indispensable  for  the  support  of 
animal  life,  was  here  of  difficult  access. 

At  the  ravine,  which  served  as  a  halting  place  during  the 
mid-day  heats,  we  first  observed  the  plant  familiarly  known 
in  the  settlements,  by  the  name  of  Poke,  (Phytolacca  decan- 
dra.^  reclining  over  the  bank  with  its  fecundity  in  the  midst 
of  a  crowded  assemblage  of  bushes,  and  partially  shading  a 
limpid  pool,  that  mantled  a  rocky  bed  below.  A  large  spe- 
cies of  mushroom,  (Lycoperdon,)  was  not  uncommon,  nearly 
equal  in  size  to  a  man's  head. 

We  have  now  passed  the  boundary  of  the  summer  bison 
range,  and  the  wolves,  those  invariable  attendants  on  that 
animal,  are  now  but  rarely  seen.     The  antelopes  also  have 


Rocky  Mountains.  217 

disappeared.  The  river  banks,  as  well  as  those  of  creeks,  and 
some  ravines,  from  near  the  little  Arkansa,  are  pretty  well 
wooded,  with  but  few  interruptions.  In  many  parts  the  growth 
is  dense,  but  always,  as  yet,  strictly  limited  to  skirling  the 
water  courses. 

During  the  afternoon,  we  crossed  numerous  ravines,  some 
of  which,  judging  by  the  infallible  indications  of  dried  grass, 
and  floated  wood  lodged  on  high  in  the  croches  of  the  trees, 
pour  down,  at  certain  seasons,  large  volumes  of  water,  from 
the  prairies  iato  the  river. 

Near  our  evening  encampment,  but  on  the  opposite  side 
of  the  river,  appeared  the  entrance  of  a  large  creek,  of  the 
width  of  ninety  or  a  hundred  yards,  and  of  considerable 
depth;  it  seems  to  be  well  wooded,  and  its  course  is  nearly 
parallel  to  the  river  for  a  great  distance,  before  it  discharges 
into  it.  This  stream  is  called  Red  Fork;  its  waters  are  tur- 
bid, opake,  and  red;  great  numbers  of  fresh  water  tortoises, 
closely  allied  to  the  Testudo  geographica  of  Le  Sueur,  in- 
habited the  basin  formed  by  the  entrance  of  this  stream. 
Immediately  below  its  junction,  the  bluffs  on  that  side  are 
washed  by  the  stream  of  the  river. 

The  bottom  land  on  the  left  bank  is  still  confined  to  a  nar- 
row strip. 

The  sun  having  been,  during  the  chief  part  of  the  day, 
obscured  by  an  interrupted  sheet  of  cirrostratus,  and  a  brisk 
northeast  wind  prevailing,  rendered  the  day  temperate 
and  agreeable.    Travelled  distance  nineteen  and  a  half  miles. 

Having  been  entirely  unsuccessful  in  hunting  since  the 
13th  instant,  we  remained  in  our  position  during  the  morn- 
ing of  the  succeeding  day,  and  sent  out  four  hunters  to  pro- 
cure fresh  meat;  but,  tov/ards  noon,  they  all  returned  with 
but  three  turkeys,  of  which  two  were  young;  they  saw  no 
deer,  but  much  elk  sign. 

At  two  o'clock,   proceeded  onward,  upon  a  slightly  undu- 
lated prairie,  over  which  the  eye  roves  to  a  great  distance 
VOL.  II.  28 


218  Expedition  to  the 

without  impediment.  Indeed,  the  surface  of  the  country 
which  extends  along  the  upper  portions  of  the  Platte  and 
Arkansa  rivers,  is  generally  less  undulated  than  that  on  either 
side  of  the   Missouri. 

1  he  ravines,  which  intersected  our  path  were  not  so  ex- 
tensive or  profound  as  those  of  yesterday,  and,  in  one  of 
them,  we  observed  the  common  elder  (Sambucus). 

Should  military  possession  ever  be  taken  of  this  elevated 
country,  eligible  positions  might  readily  be  selected  for  mi- 
litary posts,  at  several  different  points  below  the  Little  Ar- 
kansa, where  the  bluffs  almost  impend  over  the  river.  Such 
a  position  was  occupied  by  our  evening  encampment.  This 
bluff  is  naked,  of  a  gently  rounded  surface,  presenting  a  high, 
rugged,  and  inaccessible  front  upon  the  river,  which  it  com- 
mands to  a  considerable  distance,  in  both  directions.  An 
adequate  supply  of  wood,  for  fuel  and  architectural  pur- 
poses, is  afforded  by  a  ravine  which  flanks  its  lower  side, 
and  by  other  points. 

Two  fawns  were  killed  during  this  afternoon's  journey  of 
twelve  miles,  and  a  black  bear  was  seen.  The  bitter-apple 
vine  fCucumis,)  occurred  now  but  rarely. 

18th.  The  inequality  of  the  surface  increases  as  we  pro- 
ceed, the  undulations  being  now  much  more  abrupt  and  con- 
siderable, belted  near  their  summits  with  a  rocky  stratum, 
and  assuming  much  the  same  character  with  those  spoken  of 
in  the  account  of  our  expedition  to  the  Konza  village.  This 
stratum,  which  is  a  gray  and  ferruginous  sandstone,  contains 
petrifactions  of  marine  shells,  so  completely  assimilated  with 
the  matrix,  in  which  they  repose,  and  decomposing  so  entire- 
ly simultaneously  with  it,  when  exposed  to  atmospheric  ac- 
tion, that  even  their  generic  characters  cannot  be  recognized. 
Amongst  other  appearances,  however,  we  observed  a  bi- 
valve, which  seemed  to  differ  from  Terebratula  and  its  con- 
geners. 

At  the  distance  of  eleven  miles,  we  crossed  a  small  river, 


Rocky  Mountains.  219 

flowing  with  a  very  gentle  current  over  a  gravelly  bed,  with 
a  breadth  of  fifty  or  sixty  yards,  and  an  extreme  depth  of 
three  feet.  It  has  been  named  Stinking  Fork,  its  western 
bottom  is  of  very  considerable  width,  well-wooded  with  the 
beforementioned  description  cf  trees,  in  addition  to  which 
the  hackberry  (Celtis)  here  first  appears,  together  with 
a  crowded  undergrowth  of  pea  vines,  nettles,  and  rank 
weeds,  which  obstruct  the  passage  of  the  traveller.  The 
eastern  bank,  upon  which  our  noonday  encampment  was  es- 
tablished, was  high  rocky  and  precipitous,  requiring  consi- 
derable exertion  to  surmount  it. 

Here  the  organic  reliquiae  are  somewhat  more  distinct,  than 
those  which  we  examined  on  the  opposite  side  of  this  subsi- 
diary river.  They  are  referrible  to  those  generally  extinct 
genera,  that  inhabited  the  great  depths  of  the  primeval  ocean. 
Amongst  tnem  we  recognized  a  smooth  species  of  Anomia, 
of  the  length  of  half  an  inch,  a  species  of  Tereb  atula^  an 
Encrinus,  and  numerous  insulated  spines  of  a  Linnsean 
EchitiusP 

At  two  o'clock,  pursued  our  journey  under  an  extreme 
heat  of  92  degrees,  which  was  hardly  mitigated  by  the  gentle 
fanning  of  a  slight  S.  E.  breeze.  The  appearance  of  the  coun- 
try had  now  undergone  a  somewhat  abrupt  change.  Low 
scrubby  oaks,  the  prevailing  trees  no  longer  exclusively  res- 
tricted, as  we  have  hitherto  observed  them,  to  the  mere  mar- 
gin of  a  water  course,  now  were  seen  extending,  in  little  clus- 
ters or  oases,  in  the  low  grounds.  In  the  ravines,  which  are 
numerous,  profound,  abrupt,  and  rocky,  we  observed  the 
hickory  (Caria  of  NuttalLj,  which  had  not  before  occured 
since  our  departure  from  the  forests  of  the  Missouri. 

The  bluffs  are  steep  and  stony,  rendering  the  journey  much 
more  laborious  to  our  horses,  that  were  almost  exhausted  by 
traversing  a  plain  country,  and  their  hoofs  already  very 
much  worn  by  con-jtant  friction  with  the  grass,  will,  we  fear, 
be  splmtered  and  broken,  by  the  numerous  loose  and  angular 


220    .  Expedition,  ^c, 

stones  which  they  cannot  avoid.  Near  the  summits  of  some 
of  these  bluffs,  the  stratum  of  rock  assumes  an  appearance  of 
such  remarkable  regularity  as  to  resemble  an  artificial  wall, 
constructed  for  the  support  of  the  superincumbent  soil,  and 
remind  us  of  the  extraordinary  similar  products  of  Chinese 
industry,  mentioned  by  Barfow,  intended  for  the  acquisition 
of  horizontal  garden  spaces  on  the  sides  of  hills  and  moun- 
tains. 

At  the  distance  of  eight  miles  from  the  small  river  before 
mentioned,  we  encamped  for  the  night,  on  the  east  side  of  a 
creek  which  we  call  Little  Verdigris. 

It  is  about  40  yards  in  breadth,  and  not  so  deep  as  the 
Little  Neosho;  its  bed  is  gravelly,  but  the  foot  of  each  bank 
is  so  miry,  that  we  experienced  some  difficulty  in  crossing. 
There  is  but  a  slight  skirting  of  forest,  which  denotes  to  the 
distant  spectator  the  locality  of  this  creek. 

One  of  the  hunters  returned  with  the  information,  of  his 
having  discovered  a  small  field  of  maize,  occupying  a  fertile 
spot  at  no  great  distance  from  the  camp;  it  exhibited  proofs 
of  having  been  lately  visited  by  the  cultivators;  a  circum- 
stance which  leads  us  to  believe  that  an  ascending  column  of 
smoke  seen  at  a  distance  this  afternoon,  proceeded  from  an 
encampment  of  Indians,  whom,  if  not  a  war  party,  we  should 
now  rejoice  to  meet.  We  took  the  liberty,  agreeably  to  the 
custom  of  the  Indians,  of  procuring  a  mess  of  the  corn,  and 
some  small  but  nearly  ripe  watermelons,  that  were  also  found 
growing  there,  intending  to  recompense  the  Osages  for  them, 
to  whom  we  supposed  them  to  belong. 

During  the   night   we  were   visited  by  a  slight  shower  of 
rain  from  the  southwest,  accompanied  by  distant  thunder. 


CHAPTER  XIII. 

Indian  huyuing  encampment — Brackish  water — The  party 
pressed  by  hunger — Forked  tailed  Jiijcatcher — An  elevated, 
almost  tnountainous  range  of  country — Desertion  of  three 
men  -—Red  zvater. 

August  I9th.  Several  small  cornfields  were  seen  this 
morning  along  the  creek.  At  a  short  distance  from  our 
place  of  encampment,  we  passed  an  Indian  camp,  that  had  a 
more  permanent  aspect  than  any  we  had  before  seen  near 
this  river.  The  boweries  were  more  completely  covered,  and 
a  greater  proportion  of  bark  was  used  in  the  construction  of 
them.     They  are  between  sixty  and  seventy  in  number. 

Well  worn  traces  or  paths  lead  in  various  directions  from 
this  spot,  and  the  vicinity  of  the  cornfields  induces  the  belief 
that  it  is  occasionally  occupied  by  a  tribe  of  Indians,  for  the 
purposes  of  cultivation  as  well  as  of  hunting. 

The  increasing  quantity  of  forest,  partially  obscuring  the 
course  of  the  river,  renders  it  now  no  easy  task  to  trace  its 
inflexions. 

After  proceeding  twelve  miles,  over  a  rugged  country,  at 
present  destitute  of  water,  we  were  rejoiced  to  find  at  our 
dining  place,  a  puddle  of  stagnant  rain  water,  which  had  been 
protected  from  the  action  of  the  sun,  by  the  elevated  and  al- 
most impending  bank  of  the  ravine,  in  which  it  was  situate, 
and  which,  though  ''  mantled  o'er  with  green,"  was  yet  cool 
and  grateful  to  our  pressing  thirst. 

We  left  our  cool  and  shady  retreat,  and  again  betook  our- 
selves to  the  prairies,  vmder  a  temperature  of  96''.  Our  re- 
maining dog,  Buck^  had  been,  since  the  regretted  death  of 
his  companion,  treated  with  all  the   kindness  and  attention 


222  Expedition  to  the 

due  to  an  humble  friend.  He  was  very  frequently  accom- 
modated with  a  ride  on  horseback  before  one  of  the  men 
when  he  betrayed  unusual  exhaustion.  But,  notwithstanding 
all  such  attention,  for  which  he  seemed  touched  with  feelings 
of  gratitude,  he  experienced  Csesar's  fate  and  was  neces- 
sarily abandoned. 

The  evening  camp  was  pitched  upon  a  luxuriant  grassy 
plain  of  the  margin  of  the  river.  On  tasting  the  water  it  was 
perceived  to  be  slightly  saline,  though  the  proportion  of  that 
condiment  was  not  so  considerable  as  to  render  it  unpleasant 
to  the  palate.  This  saline  intermixture  is,  no  doubt,  due 
to  the  Red  Fork,  inasmuch  as  the  river,  above  the  en- 
trance of  that  stream,  appeared  entirely  destitute  of  saline 
contamination,  and  no  stream  enters  on  this  side  in  which 
the  slightest  apparent  degree  of  brackishness  is  to  be  de- 
tected by  the  taste. 

The  cotton  tree  is  less  numerous  in  this  vicinity,  than  we 
have  seen  it  higher  up  the  river,  and  being  intermixed  with 
other  trees,  forms  but  an  insignificant  feature  of  the  forest. 

20th.  Heavy  rain,  accompanied  with  much  thunder  and 
lightning,  commenced  early  in  the  night,  and  continued  until 
daylight  this  morning.  Hunters,  who  had  been  sent  out, 
detained  us  until  nine  o'clock,  when  they  returned  unsuc- 
cessful; in  consequence  of  which,  and  of  our  having  made  a 
sparing  meal  last  evening,  on  a  turkey  that  had  been  shot, 
we  were  obliged  to  depart  fasting  on  our  way. 

The  ravines  were  muddy,  and  their  banks  slippery  in 
consequence  of  the  rain;  we  had,  however,  the  good  fortune 
to  fall  upon  an  Indian  trace,  which  complied  with  our  pro- 
per direction,  and  which  indicated  the  best  points  at  which 
these  gullies  might  be  passed.  In  its  course  it  conducted  us 
to  a  creek  which  was  pouring  down  a  torrent  of  water.  Here 
was  an  encampment  that  had  obviously  been  occupied  withim 
a  day  or  two,  there  being  fresh  rinds  of  watermellons  strew- 
ed about  it. 


Rocky  Mountains,  223 

One  of  the  party,  on  attempting  to  cross  this  creek,  was 
thrown  into  the  water,  in  consequence  of  his  horse  having 
plunged  suddenly  beyond  his  depth;  he,  however,  avoided 
being  carried  down  with  the  rapid  current  by  seizing  the 
depending  bough  of  i  tree;  the  horse  also  was  fortunately 
saved.  By  taking  a  diffirrent  direction  we  all  passed  over 
without  further  casualty.  But  we  were  unable  to  trace  any 
farther  the  party  that  we  thus  ascertained  to  have  so  recently 
preceded  us,  their  footsteps  being  here  entirely  obliterated 
by  the  rain. 

At  the  distance  of  sixteen  miles,  we  encamped  at  an  early 
hour  on  the  bank  of  the  river,  and  sent  out  hunters,  who, 
however,  after  examining  the  vicinity,  returned  unsuccessful. 
Our  three  meals  were,  therefore,  again,  by  stern  necessity, 
reduced  to  a  single  frugal  one,  and  our  table,  the  soil,  vas 
set  with  a  few  mouldy  biscuit  crumbs  boiled  in  a  large  quan- 
tity of  water,  with  the  nutricious  addition  of  some  grease. 

Julien,  who  had  been  despatched  for  the  peace  flag,  which 
was  casually  left  at  a  ravine,  to  our  great  satisfacti^m  return- 
ed with  a  skunk,  or  pole-cat,  that  he  had  fortunately  killed. 
This  we  determined  to  preserve  for  a  feast  to-morrow. 

21st.  One  of  our  horses  strayed  away  last  night,  and  could 
not  now  be  found;  we,  therefore,  set  out  without  him,  and 
as  usual  without  breakfasting.  The  Indian  trace  was  again 
discovered,  and  pursued  about  nine  miles  to  the  dining 
place  at  noon.  Here  we  were  obliged  to  have  recourse  for 
food  to  a  little  treasured  store  of  dried  bison  meat,  which 
when  all  issued,  amounted  to  the  pittance  of  two  ounces  per 
man;  this  added  to  the  soup  maigre  of  the  skunk,  and  a  half 
pint  of  the  crumbs  of  bread,  afforded  a  tolerably  good  though 
far  from  abundant  meal. 

Proceeded  on  under  an  extreme  atmospheric  tempera- 
ture of  ninety  degrees.  Several  deer  were  seen,  but  they 
proved  to  be  so  shy,  that  our  hunters,  perhaps  through  over 
eagerness,  did  not  succeed  in  approaching  them  within  gun- 


224  Expedition  to  the 

shot.  After  accomplishing  a  distance  of  ten  miles  we  pitch- 
ed our  camp  on  the  river  bank.  Here  the  stream  turns  rather 
abruptly  to  the  east,  after  having  preserved  a  southerly  and 
south  of  west  direction  for  a  considerable  distance.  A  co- 
pious stream  of  water,  called  Neslietongo,  or  Grand  Sa- 
line, flows  into  the  river  at  this  point,  nearly  opposite  to  our 
camp. 

Supped  on  a  few  bread  crumbs  boiled  in  water.  A  black 
wolf,  the  first  seen  since  our  departure  from  the  Missouri, 
made  his  appearance  in  the  distance, 

22nd.  Three  of  the  horses  having  strayed,  detained  us 
until  eight  o'clock,  when  a  fall  of  rain  commenced,  which 
continued  during  the  morning,  and  wet  us  thoroughly  to  the 
skin.  A  few  hostile  Indians,  aware  of  our  condition,  might, 
perhaps,  have  disappointed  our  hopes  of  a  safe  return  to  the 
settlements,  inasmuch  as  the  rain  had  rendered  our  arms 
and  ammunition  completely  unfit  for  use,  and  left  us  de- 
fenceless. 

A  note,  like  that  of  the  prairie  dog,  for  a  moment  induced 
the  belief  that  a  village  of  the  marmot  was  near;  but  we  were 
soon  undeceived  by  the  appearance  of  the  beautiful  Tyran- 
nus  forjicutiis  in  full  pursuit  of  a  crow.  Not  at  first  view 
recognizing  the  bird,  the  fine,  elongated  tail  plumes,  occa- 
sionally diverging  in  a  furcate  manner  and  again  closing 
together  to  give  direction  to  the  aerial  evolutions  of  the  bird, 
seemed  like  the  extraneous  processes  of  dried  grass,  or  twigs 
of  a  tree,  adventitiously  attached  to  the  tail,  and  influenced 
by  currents  of  wind.  The  feathered  warrior  flew  forward  to 
a  tree,  from  whence  at  our  too  near  approach  he  descended 
to  the  earth  at  a  little  distance,  continuing  at  intervals  his 
chirping  note.  This  bird  seems  to  be  rather  rare  in  this 
region,  and  as  the  very  powder  within  the  barrels  of  our 
guns  was  wet,  we  were  obliged  to  content  ourselves  with 
only  a  distant  view  of  the  bird. 

The  river  margin,  on  which  we  held  our  course,  has 


Rocky  Moimtains.  225 

narrow  and  fertile,  supporting  a  tolerably  thick  grov/th  of 
mossy  cup  oaks,  with  walnut,  cotton-wood,  elm,  and  much 
underwood,  through  which  it  is  sometimes  rather  difficult  to 
force  a  passage.  The  river  is  now  more  serpentine  ii'  its 
course,  than  it  was  remarked  to  be  nearer  the  mountains; 
but  it  is  here  wide,  and  still  thickly  studded  with  sand  bars. 

One  of  the  hunters  rescued  the  body  of  a  small  fawn  from 
the  wolves,  that  had  killed  and  embowelled  it.  This  afforded 
us  all  a  good  dinner;  and  as  we  had,  in  the  morning,  drawn 
upon  our  almost  exhausted  store  of  sweet  corn  for  a  gill 
to  each  man,  as  a  breakfast,  we  are  to-day  comparatively 
well  fed. 

Near  our  evening  encampment  were  the  remains  of  a 
large  Indian  hunting  camp. 

Our  distance  to  day  nineteen  miles. 

On  the  following  day  we  set  out  again  fasting,  and  pur- 
sued our  journey  over  a  beautiful,  open,  level  bottom.  The 
bluffs  on  our  left,  of  but  moderate  height,  were  partially 
clothed  with  oaks,  and  the  river  on  the  right  skirted  with  the 
cotton  tree.  But  a  simple  ravine  crossed  our  morning  route. 
At  eleven  o'clock  the  mercury  in  the  thermometer  indicated 
93  degrees. 

At  the  distance  of  about  two  miles  from  our  resting  place 
of  noon,  we  again  hailed,  and  pitched  the  tents  in  anticipa- 
tion of  a  violent  storm,  as  a  nimbus  of  an  unusually  menacing 
aspect,  was  imposingly  announced  by  wind  and  thunder,  and 
seemed  rapidly  approaching  from  the  south.  In  order  to 
make  amends  for  this  delay,  the  hunters  were  sent  out  to  en- 
deavour to  procure  some  food.  Rut  as  the  storm  passed 
round,  they  were  soon  recalled,  bringing  with  them  the  sea- 
sonable supply  of  four  turkeys.  On  the  subsequent  part  of 
the  day  we  passed  over  a  small  stream,  which  we  call  Bit- 
ter-apple creek,  with  but  a  slow  moving  current,  of  the 
width  ot  about  ten  yards,  and  three  feet  deep.  Its  bed  was 
so  muddy,  that  two  of  the   pack-horses    were   mired,   but 

VOL.  II.  29 


226  Expedition  to  the 

were  finally  brought  safelv  out.  We  then  ascended  into  the 
prairie,  where  after  la'ouring  over  an  almost  continual  succes- 
sion of  ravines,  we  passed  down  to  the  river  bank,  and  en- 
camped for  the  nigh%  having  travelled  about  :iO  miles.  Nu- 
merous deer  were  seen  to-day,  but  they  were  very  shy. 

The  last  Bitter-apple  vine  that  occurred  on  the  expeditioi\ 
was  seen  to-day.  We  were  once  again  saluted  by  the  notes 
of  the  Blue  jay,  and  the  Pine  warbler,  (Sylvia /»inw*)  also 
occurred. 

24th.  As  the  high  prairies  offered  almost  continually  a  suc- 
cession of  steep  and  rugged  ravines,  which  called  for  too 
much  exertion  from  our  horses  to  pass  them,  it  was  de- 
termined to  endeavour  to  force  our  way  through  the  under- 
growth of  the  bottom.  This  we  found  to  be  now  so  intricate, 
that  in  many  places  it  was  really  difficult  to  force  a  passage 
through  the  intertwined  briars,  and  climbing  plants.  Our 
progress  was  however,  at  length  altogether  interrupted  by  a 
deep  and  miry  slough  of  the  river,  over  which  no  ford  could 
be  found.  Fortunately,  however,  the  sandy  bed  of  the  river 
itself  offered  a  sufficiently  firm  footing  to  enable  us  to  pass 
round  the  obstacle.  Tired  of  the  brambles,  we  again  sought 
the  prairie,  and  ascending  an  elevated  hill,  enjoyed  a  fine 
view  of  the  river  in  its  meanders,  to  a  great  distance,  but 
the  place  of  destination.  Belle  Point,  which  we  now  all 
anxiously  looked  out  for,  was  not  yet  in  sight. 

A  journey  of  9  3  4  miles  brought  us  to  a  large  stream  of 
clear  water,  but  hardly  perceptible  current,  passing  over  a 
bed  of  rock  and  mud;  the  banks  were  steep  and  high,  and  af- 
forded us  a  very  pleasant  resting  place  during  the  presence 
of  the  mid-day  heats.  A  flock  of  paroquets  flew  over  our 
heads,  uttering  their  loud  note,  with  their  usual  loquacity. 
The  kingfisher  was  flying  from  one  withered  support  to  ano- 
ther over  the  surface  of  the  creek,  and  occasionally  darting 
into  the  water  in  pursuit  of  some  little  scaly  victim;  and  a 
large  white  crane,  (Ardea  egretta^   WilsonJ  stalked,  with 


Rocky  Mountains.  227 

slow  and  measured  strides,  in  the  shallows  of  the  creek.  A 
Glass  snake,  (Ophisaurus  ventralis)  approached  us,  and  was 
captured. 

In  the  afternoon,  small  cumulus  clouds  arose  in  the  hori- 
zon, and  we  again  put  forward,  under  a  temperature  of  95 
degrees.  Three  miles  farther,  a  large  ravine  occurred,  contain- 
ing much  water  in  the  deeper  parts  of  its  bed,  but  dry  at  inter- 
vals; it  is  wooded  as  far  as  we  can  trace  it  with  the  eye,  and  in 
the  season  of  floods  it  must  discharge  a  large  volume  of  water 
at  its  confluence,  which  is  distant  about  five  miles  from  the 
creek  crossed  this  morning. 

We  passed  by  several  singular,  natural  elevations,  with 
conical  summits,  and  halted  early  to  hunt,  for  which  pur- 
pose four  men  were  sent  out,  who  returned  with  two  turkeys, 
which  furnished  a  very  light  supper. 

25th.  Remained  encamped,  in  order  to  give  the  hunters  an 
opportunity  to  procure  some  game.  We  had  nothing  for 
breakfast  or  dinner,  and  as  our  meals  a  few  days  past,  have 
been  few  and  light,  we  have  become  impatient  under  the  pres- 
sure of  hunger;  a  few  fresh  water  muscles,  fUnio)  and  two  or 
three  small  fishes,  and  a  tortoise,  which  had  been  found  in  the 
mud  of  the  ravine,  were  roasted  and  eaten,  without  that 
essential  condiment,  salt,  of  which  we  had  been  for  some 
time  destitute.  The  hunters  so  anxiously  looked  for,  at 
length  returned,  bringing  but  three  ducks,  ('Anas  sponsd) 
one  of  them  had  shot  down  three  deer,  but  they  all  escaped. 

As  we  have  no  idea  of  our  distance  from  Belle  Point,  and 
know  not  what  extent  of  country  we  are  doomed  to  traverse 
in  the  state  of  privation  to  which  we  have  of  late  been  sub- 
jected, we  have  selected  from  our  miserable  horses,  an  indi- 
vidual to  be  slaughtered  for  food,  in  case  of  extremity  of  ab- 
stinence, and  upon  which,  although  very  poor,  we  cannot 
forbear  to  cast  an  occasional  wishful  glance. 

Biji  au,  before  he  parted  from  us,  urged  by  his  wishes 
for  our    safety,  drew  for  our  information,  a  sketch  of  the 


228  Expedition  to  the 

country  over  which  we  had  to  pass,  as  far  as  he  had  travelled 
in  that  direction,  on  a  former  occasion,  which  sketch  was  ter- 
minated by  two  large  streams,  entering  the  river  near  to 
each  other,  and  diverging  in  the  opposite  direction.  As  the 
remarkable  relative  couise  of  these  two  streams  as  represent- 
ed by  Bijeau,  corresponded  to  sufficient  exactness  with  the 
representation  of  the  Verdegris  and  Grand  rivers,  which  ter- 
minated the  sketch  which  Major  Long  drew  to  depict  the 
country  from  Belle  Point  upwards;  we  believed  that  by  join- 
ing the  two  sketches,  we  had  a  complete  view  of  the  country 
before  us  as  far  as  the  settlements.  Bijeau's  sketch  proved  to 
be  a  pretty  faithful  transcript  of  the  country  as  far  as  the  two 
water  courses  that  we  passed  on  the  18th  inst.,  which,  as  they 
terminated  his  map,  we  then  supposed  were  of  course,  the 
Verdigris  and  Grand  rivers.  But  not  being  able  to  recognise 
in  Major  Long's  draft  one  single  feature  of  the  region  we 
have  since  traversed,  we  finally  concluded  either  that  we 
had  not  yet  arrived  at  the  true  Verdigris  river,  or,  that  we 
had  passed  by  our  place  of  destination  without  perceiving  it. 
In  this  state  of  uncertainty  it  was  determined  to  continue 
our  course  with  as  much  speed  as  the  exhausted  situation  of 
our  horses  would  permit,  with  the  hope  of  soon  arriving  at 
some  settlement  where  we  might  obtain  the  proper  direction. 

The  greatest  heat  of  the  day  was  97  degrees.  Two  hun- 
ters were  this  evening  sent  forwards  to  encamp,  and  hunt 
early  in  the  morning. 

Another  flock  of  paroquets  were  seen  to-day. 

26th.  Penetrated  through  an  intricate  bottom  of  bushes 
interlaced  by  vines  and  briars,  the  timber  chiefly  oalc.  The 
hunters  had  procured  nothing,  but  Lieut.  Swift  had  the  good 
fortune  to  kill  a  fine  buck,  and  one  of  the  hunters  afterwards, 
a  turkey.  These  were  a  happy  alleviation  to  us,  and  at  our 
noon  halting  place  we  enjoyed  the  rare  luxury  of  a  full  meal. 
At  this  position  was  a  large  ravine  containing  much  water,  of 
the  depth  of  2  1-2  feet,  and  width  of  twenty  or  twenty-five 


Rocky  Mountains.  229 

yards,  but  without  any  visible  currentj  its  bed  was  muddy, 
and  in  soin^  places  rocky. 

The  journey  of  the  afternoon  was  equally  intricate  with 
that  of  the  morning;  our  way  led  along  the  fertile  but  narrow 
eastern  margin  of  the  ravine,  or,  as  it  would  be  called  in  the 
settlements  of  the  Arkansa,  bayou;  and  immediately  on  our 
left  ascended  the  abrupt  and  rocky  ridge  of  the  bluff. 

After  a  fatiguing  journey  of  nineteen  miles,  we  encamped 
on  the  river  bank,  in  a  fine  clear  bottom,  surrounded  semi- 
circularly  by  the  forest.  The  plum  bushes,  which  abound 
in  the  country  through  which  we  have  for  several  days  been 
travelling,  are  generally  killed,  probably  by  conflagration, 
their  black  and  defoliated  branche's  strongly  contrasting  with, 
the  verdure  around  them;  to  day,  however,  we  met  with 
some  which  had  escaped  uninjured,  and  which  afforded  a 
few  ripe  plums. 

2rth.  The  river  bottom  becoming  very  narrow,  obliged 
us  to  ascend  upon  the  high  grounds,  which  we  found  to  be 
little  less  than  mountainous,  often  rocky  and  steep,  and  as 
usual,  intersected  by  profound  ravines,  Mr.  Swift  having 
succeeded  in  killing  another  deer,  we  halted,  after  a  journey 
of  twelve  miles,  in  order  to  jerk  the  meat  which  we  now 
possessed,  and  to  rest  the  horses,  whose  feet  were  bruised 
and  broken  by  fragments  of  rock. 

The  corporal  did  not  join  us  until  evening.  The  horse 
which  he  had  rode  became  so  exceedingly  feeble  as  to  be  no 
longer  able  to  support  the  weight  of  his  rider,  who  therefore 
dismounted,  and  attempted  to  drive  him  on  before  him.  In 
spite  of  his  utmost  endeavours  the  horse  proceeded  so  slowly 
that  the  corporal  was  obliged  to  abandon  him,  in  order  to 
seek  our  trail  that  he  had  lost  on  the  rocks  over  which  we 
had  passed.  Not  being  able  to  regain  the  trail,  and  suppos- 
ing we  had  directed  our  course  towards  the  river,  he  wan- 
dered along  its  margin  to  a  considerable  distance,  until 
almost  exhausted  with  fatigue  and   vexation;  he  at  length 


230  Expedition  to  the 

ascended  a  high  hill  that  commanded  a  view  of  the  country 
around,  and  had  the  satisfaction  to  see  a  column  of  smoke 
rising  above  the  forest  at  a  distance.  This  sure  indication 
he  had  pursued  until,  approaching  with  much  caution,  he 
was  overjoyed  to  ascertain  that  his  beacon  was  no  other  than 
the  smoke  from  our  meat  drying  process.  Supposing  that 
the  horse  would  be  al)le  to  travel  after  having  rested  during 
the  night,  the  corporal  was  directed  to  accompany  Julien  to 
the  spot  where  he  had  been  left,  and  to  bring  him  on,  in  the 
morning. 

We  availed  ourselves  of  this  leisure  time  to  mend  our 
horse  gear,  clothes,  and  mockasins. 

In  the  evening  a  slight  fall  of  rain  took  place,  accompanied 
by  thunder  in  the  north  east,  which  at  night  became  heavy 
and  loud. 

28th.  The  horse  that  gave  out  yesterday  was  brought  in, 
together  with  two  others  that  had  strayed,  and  for  which  we 
were  hunting.  We  were  now  traversing  an  elevated  and 
uneven  ridge  of  country,  which  at  many  points  may  be  safely 
estimated  at  five  hundred  feet  above  the  surface  of  the  river, 
and  wooded  to  a  great  distance  from  that  stream. 

In  the  afternoon  having  descended  to  the  river,  we  again 
laboured  through  the  difficulties  of  dense  underwood  which 
such  productive  soils  usually  present,  until  towards  evening, 
when  we  had  the  happiness  to  see  a  well  worn  Indian  path, 
which  had  been  interrupted  by  the  river,  and  now  took  a 
direction  towards  our  left.  Wishing  to  pursue  this  route  as 
well  for  the  facility  of  travelling,  as  with  the  hope  of  soon 
arriving  at  some  Indian  town,  we  readily  persuaded  our- 
selvts  that  it  deviated  from  the  course  we  were  pursuing, 
only  in  compliance  with  the  inequalities  of  the  country. 
With  little  hesitation,  therefore,  we  struck  into  the  path,  and 
night  gathered  around  us  before  we  threw  ourselves,  sup- 
perless,  upon  the  ground  to  repose,  after  a  fatiguing  march 


Rocky  Mountains-,  231 

of  about  twenty-one  miles,  during  which  the  greatest  degree 
of  heat  was  92''. 

Several  small  flocks  of  the  common  wild  pigeons  flew  by 
us  both  yesterday  and  to-day,  in  a  southerly  direction. 

29th.  After  some  detention  in  seeking  a  troublesome  horse 
that  had  strayed,  we  again  proceeded  forward  fasting.  This 
abstinence,  to  which  we  have  been  several  times  subjected, 
affects  one  of  our  party  in  a  singular  and  uniform  manner: 
his  voice  becomes  hollow-toned,  and  his  hearing  much  im- 
paired, a  state  that  is  popularlv  known,  as  he  expresses  it, 
by  the  phrase  of  the  almonds  of  the  ears  being  down. 

We  pursued  the  Indian  path  a  considerable  distance  this 
morning,  but  as  its  course  continued  to  diverge  from  the 
river,  and  we  were  fearful  of  deviating  too  far,  we  abandon- 
ed it,  and  by  an  oblique  course  endeavoured  to  regain  the 
river.  Here,  however,  the  undergrowth  being  almost  imper- 
vious, induced  our  return  to  the  path,  which  we  again  attain- 
ed near  an  Indian  huntmg  camp  of  the  past  season,  situate 
in  a  beautiful  prairie,  near  a  gently  swelling  hill.  Here  find- 
ing a  little  water  in  a  ravine  puddle,  we  halted,  and  served 
out  a  stinted  ration  of  dried  meat  to  each  individual,  instead 
of  dinner,  which  so  far  from  gratifying,  tended  to  stimulate 
our  desire  for  food. 

Having  been  some  days  entirely  destitute  of  tobacco  in 
any  shape,  those  of  the  party  who  are  habituated  to  the  use 
of  it  experience  an  additional  and  formidable  privation.  One 
of  the  men,  who  was  erroneously  supposed  to  have  still  a 
remnant  of  the  precious  stimulant  in  his  possession,  was 
heard  to  reply  to  an  earnest  and  most  humble  petition  for 
a  small  taste  of  it,  or  to  be  allowed  to  apply  his  tongue  to 
it,  "  every  man  chaws  his  own  tobacco,  and  them  that  has'nt 
any,  chaws  leaves." 

During  the  prevalence  of  the  greatest  heat  of  the  day, 
which  was  ninety-four  degrees,  we  again  set  forward,  and 
passed  over  a  gently  undulated  surface  supporting  an  open 


232  Expedition  to  the 

forest  of  3'oung  and  scrub  oak,  intermixed  with  hiclcory.  In 
the  course  of  a  few  miles,  we  arrived  at  the  edge  of  this 
forest,  which  here  crowned  a  much  elevated  region.  It  was 
in  fact  higher,  in  proportion  to  the  surface  before  us,  than 
any  other  portion  of  the  country  we  had  seen  on  this  si.le  of 
the  mountains.  The  eye,  from  this  height,  roved  over  a 
vast  distance  of  prairie,  and  comparatively  plain,  country; 
and  it  was  evident  that  we  had  now  passed  the  hillv,  and 
even  mountainous,  region  which  we  have  of  late  been  tra- 
versing. A  few  hills  still  interrupted  the  continuity  of  sur- 
face below,  more  particularly  on  the  right  of  the  landscape 
towards  the  river.  Not  a  human  being  was  yet  to  be  per- 
ceived, nor  a  single  trait  indicative  of  their  present  existence. 
It  seemed,  for  a  moment,  that  our  little  cavalcade  alone  was 
endowed  with  the  vital  principle,  and  that  the  vegetable 
world  held  a  solitary  and  silent  dominion.  Belle  Point  still 
evaded  our  sight;  we  might  have  passed  it,  or  it  might  still 
have  been  very  far  before  us,  yet  we  could  no  longer  strug- 
gle through  the  tangled  underwood  that  inclosed  the  river, 
nor  pick  our  passage  amongst  the  loose  stones  of  the  bluffs, 
in  order  to  preserve  an  uninterrupted  view  of  the  bank  of 
the  river,  upon  which  that  post  is  established.  From  this 
position  the  path  winds  rather  abruptly  downward,  and  at  a 
little  distance  on  the  plain,  conducted  us  through  an  aban- 
doned Indian  hunting  camp. 

The  horse  t"hat  gave  out  on  Sunday,  having  been  since 
both  packed  and  rode,  this  afternoon  sunk  under  his  rider, 
to  the  ground,  and  resisted  our  efforts  to  induce  him  to  rise. 
As  he  appeared  to  be  entirely  exhausted  we  reluctantly  aban- 
doned him.  He  had  been  a  sprightly,  handsome,  and  ser- 
vicable  animal,  and  was  chosen  from  a  considerable  number 
of  horses,  and  presented  to  Mr.  Say,  by  Major  O'Failon, 
when  at  the  Pawnee  villages. 

After  a  day's  journey  of  twenty-two  miles,  a  favorable 
situation  for  an  encampment  offernig  timely,  at  a  site  which 


Rocky  Mountains.  233 

appeared  to  have  been  occupied  by  a  tribe  of  Indians,  during 
the  late  winter,  induced  us  to  pitch  the  tents,  and  prepare 
for  the  night.  Lieutenant  Swift,  whose  dexterity  as  a 
marksman  had  previously  relieved  us  in  times  of  need,  now 
succeeded  in  killing  a  turkev  for  our  evening  meal. 

30th.  We  pursued  the  path  about  ten  miles  further,  with 
the  hope  of  its  soon  terminating  at  some  Indian  village;  but 
as  it  continued  to  diverge  too  widely  from  our  apparent  true 
course,  we  once  again  relinquished  it,  and  turned  towards 
the  river,  which  we  expected  to  regain  in  the  course  of  a  few 
miles,  by  tracing  down  the  opposite  bank  of  a  large  ravine, 
which  now  presented  itself. 

At  our  resting  place  of  noon  the  banded  rattlesnake,  (C. 
horridus^')  occurred;  and  five  young  turkeys  were  procured 
by  the  hunters. 

Resuming  our  journey,  it  soon  became  obvious  that  the 
ravine  we  were  tracing  did  not  discharge  into  the  Arkansa, 
but  into  some  large  tributary  to  that  river,  and  which  from 
an  elevated  ground  we  could  distinctly  see  meandering  to  a 
great  distance  on  the  left.  Another  Indian  path  was  now 
discovered,  which,  by  its  direction  seemed  to  comply  with 
our  proper  course.  It  led  us  to  recross  the  ravine  with  its 
most  luxuriant  growth  of  trees,  bushes,  and  weeds.  On 
emerging  from  this  intricate  maze,  we  observed  a  large 
Column  of  smoke  arising  in  the  southeast,  as  if  from  the 
conflagration  of  some  entire  prairie.  This  occurrence,  com- 
bined with  the  eff"ccts  of  a  large  burning'  in  the  vicinity  of 
our  evening  encampment,  that  seemed  very  recent,  and  the 
appearance  of  the  well-worn  pathways,  inspired  us  with  a 
renewed  expectation  of  soon  meeting  with  human  beings, 
and  of  arriving  at  some  permanent  Indian  village. 

The  highest  temperature  of   the   day  was  ninety-five  de- 
grees. Our  distance  this  afternoon  was  ten  miles. 

3 1st.      We  arose    early,  and  on  looking  at  the  horses  that 
were  staked  around  the  camp,  three  of  the  best  were  missmg. 
VOL.  II.  30 


234-  Expedition  to  the 

Supposing  that  they  had  strayed  to  a  distance,  inquiry  was 
made  of  the  corporal  respecting  them;  who  answered  that 
three  of  the  men  were  absent,  probably  in  pursuit  of  them, 
and  added,  that  one  of  those  men  who  chanced  to  be  last  on 
guard,  had  neglected  to  awaken  him  to  perform  his  duty  on 
the  morning  watch.  Forster,  a  faithful,  industrious  soldier, 
and  who,  in  performing  the  culinary  services  for  the  party, 
had  not  lately  been  laboriously  occupied,  now  exclaimed  that 
his  knapsack  had  been  robbed;  and  upon  examining  our  bag- 
gage, we  were  mortified  to  perceive  that  it  had  been  over- 
hauled and  plundered  during  the  night.  But  we  were  utter- 
ly astounded  to  find  that  our  saddlebags,  which  contained 
our  clothing,  Indian  presents,  and  manuscripts,  had  alsc 
been  carried  off. 

This  greatest  of  all  privations  that  could  have  occurred 
within  the  range  of  possibility,  suspended  for  a  time  every 
exertion,  and  seemed  to  fill  the  measure  of  our  trials,  diffi- 
culties, and  dangers. 

It  was  too  obvious  that  the  infamous  absentees,  Nowland, 
Myers,  and  Bernard,  had  deserted  during  the  night,  robbing 
us  of  our  best  horses,  and  of  our  most  important  treasures. 

We  endeavoured  in  vain  to  trace  them,  as  a  heavy  dew 
had  fallen  since  their  departure,  and  rested  upon  every  spear 
of  grass  alike,  and  we  returned  from  the  fruitless  search  to 
number  over  our  losses,  with  a  feeling  of  disconsolateness, 
verging  on  despair. 

Our  entire  wardrobe,  with  the  sole  exception  of  the  rude 
clothing  on  our  persons,  and  our  entire  private  stock  of  In- 
dian presents,  were  included  in  the  saddlebags.  But  their 
most  important  contents  were  all  the  manuscripts  of  Mr. 
Say  and  Lieutenant  Swift  completed  during  the  extensive 
journey  from  Engineer  Cantonment  to  this  place.  Those  of 
the  former  consisted  of  five  books,  viz.,  one  book  of  obser- 
vations on  the  manners  and  habits  of  the  mountain  Indians, 
and  their  history,  so  far  as  it  could  be  obtained  from  the  in- 


Rocky  Mountains.  T^iS 

terpreters;  one  book  of  notes  on  the  manners  and  habits  of 
animals,  and  descriptions  of  species;  one  book  containing  a 
journal;  two  books  containing  vocabularies  of  the  languages 
of  the  mountain  Indians;  and  those  of  the  latter  consisted  of 
a  topographical  journal  of  the  same  portion  of  our  expedition. 
All  these  being  utterly  useless  to  the  wretches  who  now 
possessed  them,  were  probably  thrown  away  upon  the  ocean 
of  prairie,  and  consequently  the  labour  of  months  was  con- 
signed to  oblivion,  l)y  these  uneducated  vandals. 

Nowland,  Myers,  and  Bernard,  though  selected,  with  oth- 
ers, by  the  officers  of  Camp  Missouri,  with  the  best  intentions, 
for  the  purpose  of  accompanying  our  party,  proved  worth- 
less, indolent,  and  pusillanimous  from  the  beginning;  and 
Nowland,  we  ascertained,  was  a  notorious  deserter  in  two 
former  instances. 

This  desertion  and  robbery  occurred  at  a  most  unfortunate 
period,  inasmuch  as  we  were  all  much  debilitated,  and  their 
services  consequently  the  less  dispensable  on  that  account, 
in  the  attentions  necessarily  due  to  the  pack-horses,  in  driv- 
ing these  animals,  loading  and  unloading  them,  &c. 

We  resumed  ouf  journey,  upon  our  Indian  pathway,  in 
silence;  and  at  the  distance  of  sixteen  miles  we  passed  through 
the  river  forest,  here  three  miles  in  width,  and  once  again 
encamped  upon  the  bank  which  overlooks  the  Arkansa.  No 
trace  of  Belle  Point,  nor  any  appearance  of  civilization  was 
yet  in  view.  But  we  were  all  immediately  struck  with  the 
change  in  the  appearance  of  the  water  in  the  river.  No  lon- 
ger of  that  pale  clay  colour  to  which  we  have  been  accus- 
tomed, it  has  now  assumed  a  reddish  hue,  hardly  unlike  that 
of  the  blood  of  the  human  arteries,  and  is  still  perfectly 
opake  from  the  quantity  of  an  earthy  substance  of  this  tint, 
which  it  holds  in  suspension.  Its  banks  and  bars  are  formed 
from  depositions  of  the  same  colour.  This  extraneous  pigment 
has  been  contributed  by  some  large  stream  flowing  in  from 
the  opposite  side,  and  which,  in  consequence  of  our  late 
aberrance,  we  had  not  seen. 


236  Expedition^  ^c 

The  hunters  returned  without  game,  but  bringing  us  a 
few  grapes,  and  some  unripe  persimmons,  all  of  which  were 
eaten. 

The  extreme  heat  of  the  day  was  ninety-five  degrees,  and 
in  the  evening  thunder  and  lightning  occurred  in  the  wes- 
tern horizon. 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

The  party  meet  -with  Osage  Indians — Some  account  of  this 
nation — Manner  of  taking  wild  horses. 

September  1st.  The  hunters,  who  had  been  sent  out  at 
daylight,  returned  at  8  o'clock  again  unsuccessful,  but  after 
a  journey  of  about  three  hours  we  had  an  opportunity  to  ap- 
pease the  cravings  of  hunger,  and  halted  to  regale  ourselves 
on  a  small  fawn  that  was  shot.  At  three  o'clock  proceeded 
on,  under  the  extreme  atmospheric  temperature  of  the  day 
of  ninety-six  degrees,  and  as  the  current  of  air  was  scarcely 
percf  ptible,  the  day  was,  as  usual,  very  sultry.  We  were,  at 
length,  very  agreeably  surprised  by  hearing  an  Indian  whoop, 
in  our  rear,  and,  on  looking  back,  a  mounted  Indian  was 
observed  upon  a  rising  piece  of  ground,  contemplating  our 
movements.  The  usual  ceremony  of  displaying  our  flag  and 
deputing  an  individual  to  assure  him  of  the  pacific  nature  of 
our  mission,  induced  him  readily  to  approach;  and  after 
some  communication  he  consented  to  encamp  with  us.  He 
informed  us  that  he  w?s  the  son  of  Clermont,  principal  chief 
of  the  Osages  of  the  Oaks,  or  Osage  dts  Ghenes  of  the 
French  traders,  in  whose  territories  we  then  were.  Their 
village  was  at  the  distance  of  about  fifteen  miles,  but  by  far 
the  greater  portion  of  the  inhabitants  of  it  were  now  on  their 
way  to  this  river,  for  the  purpose  of  hunting.  They  had 
heard  the  reports  of  the  guns  of  our  hunters,  and  agreeably 
to  their  custom  had  sent  out  spies,  of  whom  he  was  one,  to 
ascertain  from  whom  the  sound  proceeded;  that  he  had  fallen 
upon  our  trail,  and  consequently  had  no  difficulty  in  finding 
us,  and  was  moreover  glad  to  see  us.     Indeed  his.  conduct 


238  Expedition  to  the 

proved  that  he  entertained  towards  us  the  most  friendly  and 
generous  disposition.  He  was  not  tardy  in  ascertaining  our 
wants,  nor  parsimonious  in  his  attempts  to  relieve  thsm. 
He  passed  his  pipe  around,  a  ceremony  which  signifies  just 
as  much,  amongst  these  people,  as  the  drinking  to  friendship 
and  good  fellowship  does  amongst  the  lower  classes  in  civilized 
society;  but  to  us,  who  had  been  so  long  deprived  of  the  use 
of  tobacco,  it  was  an  intrinsic  gratification.  He  then  laid 
before  us  some  fine  ripe  blue  plums;  and  remarking  that  the 
small  portion  of  fawn  meat,  that  constituted  all  our  store,  was 
\'ery  lean,  he  said  that  he  would  soon  bring  some  more  pala- 
table food,  and  leaving  his  pipe  and  tobacco-pouch  on  the 
ground,  with  the  request  that  we  would  partake  freely  of 
both,  he  disappeared  in  the  forest. 

It  was  dusk  when  he  returned,  with  a  fat  buck  hanging 
in  pieces  from  his  saddle;  he  was  accompanied  by  five  or 
six  young  warriors.  These  young  men  had  visited  the  oppo- 
site side  of  the  river,  where  they  had  discovered  a  herd  of 
bisons,  and  as  they  were  hastening. back  to  Clermont  with 
the  intelligence,  they  observed  our  trail,  which  they  mistook 
for  that  of  a  Pawnee  war  party,  and  were  exerting  their  ut- 
most speed  homeward  when  they  met  with  our  friendly  In- 
dian, who  smiled  as  he  informed  us  of  their  mistake. 

The  remnant  of  our  fawn  had  been  cooked,  and  was  partly 
eaten  on  their  arrival,  when  they  readily  accepted  our  invi- 
tation to  partake  of  it.  In  return  for  which,  when  their  meat 
was  prepared,  the  whole  was  set  before  us,  and  they  respect- 
fully waited  until  we  were  satisfied. 

We  now  ascertained  our  position  with  respect  to  the  set- 
tlements. We  were  within  about  four  days'  march  of  Belle 
Point,  and  the  next  large  stream  we  would  cross  was  the 
Verdigris. 

Previously  to  retiring  to  rest  the  Osages  performed  their 
vespers,  by  chanting,  in  a  wild  and  melancholy  tone,  a  kind 
of  hymn  to  the  Master  of  Life. 


Rocky   Mountains.  239 

Very  remote  lightning  in  the  south-eastern  horizon. 

2nd.  Our  guests  awakened'' early,  and  one  of  them  retiring 
a  short  distance  from  his  companions,  began  the  well  known 
ceremony  common  to  this  nation,  of  crying  aloud  with  a  voice 
of  lamentation,  mtended  probably  as  an  invocation  to  the  de- 
parted spirit  of  a  relative  or  friend. 

Messengers  were  despatched  before  sunrise  to  Clermont's 
camp,  to  inform  that  chief  of  the  proximity  of  a  party  of 
white  men  on  this  side  of  the  river,  and  of  bisons  on  the 
other;  and  soon  afterwards  the  remainder  of  our  guests,  with 
the  exception  of  one  that  concluded  to  remain  with  us,  de- 
parted to  hunt. 

Other  Indians,  attracted  by  curiosity,  visited  us  in  the 
course  of  the  day,  one  of  whom  informed  us  that  three  men, 
whose  appearance  corresponded  with  the  description  of  our 
deserters,  were  now  at  the  village,  and  that  the  approaching 
hunting  party,  being  already  apprised  of  their  character, 
Clermont,  who  was  himself  with  the  party,  had  forthwith 
despatched  an  order  to  the  village  to  have  them  detained 
there,  until  the  decision  of  our  chief  respecting  them  should 
be  known. 

This  most  welcome  news  induced  Lieut.  Swift  and  Julien, 
accompanied  by  Clermont's  brother  and  two  or  three  of  the 
young  warriors  who  were  present,  to  set  out  immediately 
for  the  village,  in  order  to  seize  the  recreants,  and  conduct 
them  to  camp.  Thus  we  were  inspired  with  the  most  san 
guine  expectations  not  only  of  retrieving  our  losses,  but  alsu 
ot  subjecting  the  offenders  to  that  punishment  which  was 
their  due. 

In  the  afternoon  we  had  the  company  of  numerous  Indians 
from  the  hunting  party,  and  an  individual  that  left  our  camp 
early  in  the  morning  in  pursuit  of  the  bisons  on  the  opposite 
side  of  the  river,  brought  a  horse-load  of  very  lean  meat. 
Their  demeanour  was  pacific  and  kind,  and  they  appeared 
disposed  to  serve  us.    They  brought  a  considerable  quantity 


-J4()  Expedition  to  the 

of  plums  of  a  blue  colour,  and  exceedingly  agreeable  taste, 
which  were  collected  from  trees  growing  in  the  adjacent  fo- 
rest. Our  cook  having  intimated  to  one  of  them  our  want  of 
salt,  he  instantly  mounted  his  horse,  and  after  a  short  ab- 
sence, returned  with  a  supply.  One  half  of  the  hunting  par- 
ty was  soon  afterwards  observed  fording  the  river  in  a  long 
line  about  a  mile  below  our  camp;  the  other  portion  we  were 
told  would  cross  the  river  at  some  point  above  the  camp 
to-morrow  morning,  and  would  act  in  concert  with  the  others, 
so  as  to  surround  the  herd  of  bisons  that  they  were  now 
going  in  pursuit  of. 

In  the  evening  Mr.  Swift  returned  unsuccessful.  "When  he 
left   us  in  the  morning  he  directed  his  course  to  Clermont's 
camp,  which  he  found  in  the  prairie,  near  a  small  puddle  of 
impure  water.  He  was  very  cordially  and  graciously  received 
by  the  chief,  who  invited  him  to  partake  of  some  food.     He 
assured  Mr.  Swift  of  his  regret  at  being  unable  to  induce  any 
of  his    young   men  to  pursue  our  fugitives,  who,  as  he  had 
but  then   been  informed,  departed  from  the  village  early  in 
the   morning.    This  unwillingness  on  the  part  of  his  young 
men,   arose  from   their  extreme  anxiety  to  hunt  the  bisons, 
that  were  at   this  time  unusually  near,  an  enjoyment  which 
they  would  on  no  account  relinquish.    He  likewise  regretted 
that  he   was  at  present  so  circumstanced  as  to  be  unable  'to 
comply  with  his   wishes,  by  visiting  our  camp,  "  But"  said 
Clermont,   "  if  your  chief  will  visit  me  at  my  camp,  which 
will  be    established  near  yours  in  the  evening,    I   will  treat 
him  well;  I  will  present  him  with  as  much  maize  and  dried 
meat  as   he  wants;  I  will  moreover  furnish  him  with  young 
men  to  serve  as  guides,  and  a  horse  or  two  if  he  wants  them, 
to  aid  in  the  transportation  of  the  baggage."  Lieut.  Swift  as- 
sured him  that  we  were  much  in  want  of  such  assistance  as 
he  had  proffered,  and  that  on  our  arrival  at  Belle  Point,  his 
generosity    should  be    requited;   but    the  chief  declared  his 
indifference    to  any   recompense    for   such  services.      Mr. 


Rocky  Mountains,  241 

Swift  further  learned  that  the  deserters  during  their  short 
stay  at  the  village,  had  traded  freely  for  provisions,  with  the 
trinkets  they  found  in  our  saddle  bags,  and  although  dres- 
sed in  our  clothing,  they  appeared  to  imagine  themselves 
suspected  to  be  not  what  they  seemed. 

This  idea  was,  in  truth,  well  founded,  for  the  Indians  ob- 
serving that  they  retained  their  guns  constantly  within  their 
grasp,  even  when  partaking  of  the  hospitality  of  the  different 
lodges,  believed  them  to  have  committed  some  crime  or  out- 
rage in  consequence  of  which,  they  regarded  themselves  as 
unsafe  in  any  asylum. 

As  the  camp  was  about  to  move  when  Mr.  Swift  arrived 
there,  he  now  took  his  leave  to  return,  but  inadvertently  de- 
viating from  the  proper  course,  he  struck  the  river  several 
miles  above  our  camp.  Clermont,  meeting  with  his  trail,  per- 
ceived at  once  that  he  had  gone  astray,  and  immediately  de- 
puted one  of  his  sons  to  pilot  him  to  our  camp. 

In  the  acceptation  of  these  Indians,  white  man  and  trader 
appear  to  be  synonymous,  and  many  of  those  who  visited  us, 
importuned  us  much  to  trade  for  leather,  dried  meat,  pump- 
kins, both  dried  and  fresh,  &c.;  in  exchange  for  which,  they 
desired  our  blankets,  and  even  the  clothing  from  our  bo- 
dies.   ' 

The  superiority  of  the  hunting  qualifications  of  the  Indians 
over  those  of  our  hunters,  was  obvious,  in  an  instance  which 
occurred  to-day.  The  corporal  went  to  the  forest  for  the 
purpose  of  killing  a  deer,  and  it  was  not  long  before  an  In- 
dian who  accompanied  him  pointed  out  one  ot  those  animals 
in  a  favorable  situation.  The  corporal  fired,  but  thought  he 
had  missed  his  object.  The  Osage,  however,  insisted  that 
the  animal  was  mortally  wounded,  and  advanced  forward  a 
very  considerable  distance,  where  our  hunter  could  see  no- 
thing of  the  usual  sign  of  blood,  or  trodden  grass,  and  found 
the  victim  dead  upon  the  ground.  One  of  the  party,  on  an 
another  occasion,  saw  an  Osage  shoot  at  a  deer  running,  and 

VOL.  II.  31 


342  Expedition  to  the 

wound  him,  another  Indian,  at  a  short  distance  further,  fired 
at  the  same  deer,  and  brought  him  down,  both,  of  course, 
with  single  ball. 

The  extreme  heat  of  the  day  was  95  degrees. 

3rd.  Our  chief,  who,  upon  the  invitation  of  Clermont  vi- 
sited the  Indian  camp,  accompanied  by  Julien  and  Cler- 
niont^s  son,  returned  this  morning  with  two  other  sons  of  that 
chief,  and  a  handsome  young  squaw,  wife  of  one  of  them.  His 
reception  was  not  equal  to  his  anticipations;  Clermont,  how- 
ever, and  one  of  his  sons  each  presented  a  skin  of  maize,  but 
that  chief  could  not  realize  the  almost  splendid  offers  he  had 
made  us  of  guides  and  horses. 

Word  was  brought  to  Clermont,  that  the  information  re- 
ceived yesterday  of  our  deserters  having  departed  from  the 
village  was  incorrect,  and  that  they  still  remained  there.  This 
induced  at  once,  the  offer  of  every  thing  they  were  in  posses- 
sion of,  with  the  exception  of  the  manuscripts  alone,  to  any 
persons  who  should  bring  them  to  our  camp.  With  this  libe- 
ral offer,  Clermont  himself,  accompanied  by  Julien,  set  out 
for  the  village  to  arrest  them,  but  on  their  way,  a  messenger 
whom  they  met,  assured  them,  that  they  had  actually  and  fi- 
nally departed  this  morning.  Thus  all  our  hopes  of  recover- 
ing our  lost  property  vanished. 

The  stature  of  the  Osages  that  fell  under  our  observation 
was  by  no  means  superior  to  that  of  the  Missouri  Indians, 
and  in  very  many  instances,  their  form  exhibited  a  beautiful 
symmetry.  They  do  not  seem  to  differ  in  point  of  features  or 
colour  from  the  Indians  just  mentioned.  But  the  custom 
seems  to  be  the  more  general  in  this  nation  of  shaving  the 
head,  so  as  to  leave  only  a  scalp  on  the  back  part  and  above, 
which  is,  as  usual,  ornamented  with  silver  plates,  broaches, 
and  feathers. 

Their  dresses  and  decorations  are  very  similar  to  those  of 
the  Omawhaws,  Oioes,  and  Konzas,  but  from  their  proximity 


Rocky  Mountains.  843 

to  the  settlements,  they  are  furnished  with  a  greater  propor- 
tion of  manufactured  articles  from  the  whites. 

Their  government,  so  far  as  we  could  ascertain,  was  of  the 
same  description  with  that  of  the  other  nations,  and  their 
manners,  though  perhaps  less  fierce  and  warlike,  seem  to  be, 
with  the  exception  of  their  vociferous  matins,  not  very  es- 
sentially distinct. 

They  have  the  usual  armature  of  the  bow  and  arrow,  to- 
mahawk, war  club,  and  scalping  knife,  but  a  large  propor- 
tion of  them  have  fusees,  and  we  saw  but  very  few  who  bore 
the  lance  and  shield.  They  are  freely  branded  by  the  Mis- 
souri Indians  with  the  epithet  of  cowards.  They  are  at  pre- 
sent in  amity  with  the  Sauks  and  Foxes,  and  their  friend- 
ship with  the  Konzas,  with  whom  they  freely  intermarry, 
seems  to  have  been  uninterrupted  since  the  expedition  of 
Lieut.  Pike. 

The  horses  belonging  to  the  Osages  are  by  much  the  best 
we  have  seen  amongst  the  Indian  nations,  and  they  are  kept 
in  the  best  order.  The  Indians  generally  of  this  country,  ap- 
pear to  be  excellent  connoisseurs  of  horses,  and  to  perceive 
any  defects  in  them  with  a  remarkable  readiness.  One  of 
Clermont's  sons  possessed  a  very  fine  horse,  for  which  the 
Kaskaia  horse  was  offered,  but  the  exchange  was  refused. 

Horses  are  the  object  of  a  particular  hunt  to  the  Osages. 
For  the  purpose  of  obtaining  these  animals,  which  in  their 
wild  state  preserve  all  their  fleetness,  they  go  in  a  large  par- 
ty to  the  country  of  the  Red,  or  Canadian  river,  where  these 
animals  are  to  be  found  in  considerable  numbers.  When 
they  discover  a  gang  of  horses  they  distribute  themselves 
into  three  parties,  two  of  which  station  themselves  at  differ- 
ent and  pi'oper  distances  on  the  route,  which,  by  previous 
experience,  they  know  the  horses  will  most  probably  take, 
when  endeavouring  to  escape.  This  arrangement  being  com- 
pleted, the  first  party  commences  the  pursuit  in  the  direction 
of  their  colleagues,  at  whose  position  they  at  length  arrive. 


244  Bxpedition  to  the 

The  second  party  then  continues  the  chase  with  fresh  horses, 
and  pursues  the  fugitives  to  the  third  party,  which  generally 
succeeds  in  so  far  running  them  down  as  to  noose  and  cap- 
ture a  considerable  number. 

The  name  of  this  nation,  agreeably  to  their  own  pronun- 
ciation, is  Waw-sash-e;  but  our  border  inhabitants  speak  of 
them  under  the  names  of  Huz-zaws  and  0-saw-ses^  as  well 
as  Osages.  The  word  Wawsashe  of  three  syllables  has  been 
corrupted  by  the  French  traders  into  Osage^  and  though  the 
spelling  of  the  latter  has  been  retained  by  the  Americans, 
we  have  still  further  swerved  from  the  original,  by  pronounc- 
ing the  word  agreeably  to  the  genius  of  our  language. 

The  lodges  or  huts  of  their  villages  are  yet  covered  with 
the  bark  of  trees,  but  it  is  probable  that  they  will  adopt  the 
more  permanent  and  preferable  architecture  of  dirt  lodges, 
used  by  most  of  the  Missouri  nations. 

As  we  proceeded  to  load  our  horses,  at  ten  o'clock,  in 
order  to  continue  our  journey,  we  perceived  that  several 
small  articles,  of  no  great  value,  had  been  pilfered  from  us, 
by  our  visitors.  T  hese  are  the  only  losses  we  have  sustained 
from  Indian  theft  during  this  protracted  journey.  During 
the  stay  of  our  party  at  Fort  Osage,  last  season,  Mr.  Sibley, 
Indian  factor  at  that  place,  politely  furnished  us  with  the 
following  information  respecting  the  Osages,  being  the  copy 
of  a  report  made  by  him  to  government  in  the  late  war  with 
Great  Britain.  We  present  it  to  the  reader  in  Mr.  Sibley's 
own  words: 

''  1.  The  Chaneers,  or  band  of  the  Arkansa — six  hundred 
men — town  situated  near  the  mouth  of  the  Verdigris,  or 
branch  of  the  Arkansa — Clermont  principal  chief. 

"  2.  The  Great  Osages,  or  White  Hair's  band — four  hun- 
dred men — town  situated  near  the  head  of  the  Osage  River — 
Che-sho-hun-ga  principal  chief. 

"  3.  The  Little  Osages — two  hundred  and  fifty  men—town 
situated  on  the  Ne-ozho,  a  branch  of  the  Arkansa — Ne-zu- 
rus-nee  principal  chief. 


Rocky  Mountains.  245 

"■  These  tribes  are  at  war  with  all  their  neighbours,  except 
the  Konzas,  and  a  part  of  the  Sauks  and  Foxes.  With  the 
Konzas  they  are,  and  long  have  been,  on  the  most  intimate 
and  friendly  terms.  With  the  Sauks  and  Foxes  they  are  at 
present  barely  at  peace.  All  their  chiefs,  except  Clermont, 
are  very  weak,  and  unpopular.  Many  of  their  great  war  cap- 
tains are  in  opposition  to  their  chief,  and  have  powerful  in- 
fluence in  their  respective  tribes;  of  these  are,  "  The  Duck," 
"Big  Wolf,"  and  "John  Le  Foe"  of  the  Great  Osage^ 
"  Sansoreille,"  "  Big  Soldier,"  and  "  The  Soldier  of  the  Oak" 
of  the  little  Osage.  Their  councils  are  very  much  distract- 
ed by  the  jealousies  and  intrigues  of  the  principal  warriors, 
and  for  want  of  energy  and  decision  in  the  chiefs.  When  I 
left  them  last  spring,  my  impressions  were,  that  the  Osages 
were  generally  disposed  to  be  at  peace  with  us,  but  that 
they  were  very  much  dissatisfied  and  displeased,  and  losing 
their  former  unbounded  confidence  in  us,  in  consequence  of 
what  they  alleged  to  be  a  failure  on  the  part  of  the  United 
States  to  fulfil  the  treaty  existing  between  them  and  the 
United  States.  My  opportunities  for  observation  and  inquiry 
concerning  the  temper  and  disposition  of  those  Indians 
were  very  good,  and  were  not  neglected;  and  my  acquain- 
tance with  the  Osages  being  very  general,  extending  almost 
to  every  individual,  and  of  long  standing,  upwards  of  eight 
years,  enables  me  to  speak  confidently  of  them. 

"In  the  year  1804  the  President  of  the  United  States  gave 
his  promise  to  a  number  of  Osage  chiefs,  then  on  a  visit  at 
Washington,  to  establish  for  them  a  trading  house,  on  the 
plan  authorised  by  a  law  of  congress  in  1806.  The  Presi- 
dent repeated  the  same  promise  to  another  deputation  of 
Osdge  chiefs  then  here.  In  1808  the  president  ordered  the 
establishment  to  be  made,  and  accordingly,  in  October  of 
that  year,  it  was  made. 

"  So  far  this  was  a  gratuitous  act  of  the  government,  but  in 
the  following  month  it  assumed  a  very   different  character. 


246  Expedition  to  the 

On  the  8th  of  November,  1808,  Peter  Chouteau,  the'United 
States'  agent  for  the  Osages,  arrived  at  Fort  Clark.  On  the 
10th  he  assembled  the  chiefs  and  warriors  of  the  Great  and 
Little  Osages  in  council,  and  proceeded  to  state  to  them  the 
substance  of  a  treaty,  which,  he  said,  Governor  Lewis  had 
deputed  him  to  offer  the  Osages,  and  to  execute  with  them. 
Having  briefly  explained  to  them  the  purport  of  the  treaty, 
he  addressed  them  to  this  effect,  in  my  hearing,  and  very 
nearly  in  the  following  words:  "  You  have  heard  this  treaty 
explained  to  you.  Those  who  now  come  forward  and  sign 
it,  shall  be  considered  the  friends  of  the  United  States,  and 
treated  accordingly.  Those  who  refuse  to  come  forward  and 
sign  it  shall  be  considered  enemies  of  the  United  States,  and 
treated  accordingly."  The  Osages  replied  in  substance, 
"  that  if  their  great  American  father  wanted  a  part  of  their 
land  he  must  have  it,  that  he  was  strong  and  powerful,  they 
were  poor  and  pitiful;  what  could  they  do?  he  had  demanded 
their  land  and  had  thought  proper  to  offer  them  something 
in  return  for  it.  They  had  no  choice,  they  must  either  sign 
the  treaty,  or  be  declared  the  enemies  of  the  United  States." 

"  The  treaty  was  accordingly  signed  on  the  same  day,  and 
so  much  were  the  Osages  awed  by  the  threat  of  Mr.  Chou- 
teau, that  a  very  unusual  number  of  them  touched  the  pen, 
many  of  whom  knew  no  more  the  purport  of  the  act  than  if 
they  had  been  an  hundred  miles  off;  and  I  here  assert  it  to 
be  a  fact,  that  to  this  day  the  treaty  is  not  fairly  understood 
by  a  single  Osage. 

"  Thus  the  trading  house,  which  had  been  established 
gratuitously,  in  conformity  with  the  earnest  solicitations  of 
the  Osage  chiefs,  and  repeated  promises  of  the  President, 
was  made  a  part  of  the  price  of  the  lands  acquired  under 
that  treaty  by  the  United  States.  In  April  1810  this  treaty 
was  ratified  and  confirmed  by  the  senate,  and  was  duly  pro- 
claimed by  the  President  of  the  L^nitcd  States  to  be  a  law 
of  the  land.  The  Osages  complained  of  the  delay  which  took 


Rocky  Mountains.  247 

place  between  its  signature,  from  which  time  it  was  binding 
on  them,  and  the  payment  of  the  first  and  second  annuities, 
which  were  not  made  till  September  1811.  The  trading  house 
was  kept  up,  and  well  supplied,  until  early  in  June  1813,  at 
which  time  the  establishment  .was,  by  order,  broken  up,  and 
has  been  discontinued  ever  since,  contrary  to  the  expecta- 
tions, and  entirely  against  the  consent  of  the  Osages,  who 
considered  the  trading  house  as  the  only  benefit  they  had 
acquired  by  the  treaty. 

"  No  complaints  have  been  made  against  the  Osages,  from 
the  signature  of  the  treaty  till  after  the  trading  house  and 
garrison  were  withdrawn  from  Fort  Clark;  since  that  time 
a  party  of  the  Great  Osages  murdered  one  of  our  citizens; 
and  the  murderers  were  promptly  demanded,  agreeably  to 
the  treaty,  by  Governor  Clark,  and  would  have  been  surren- 
dered, if  Mr.  Chouteau,  who  was  sent  after  them,  had  per- 
formed his  duty.  Several  other  important  things  are  pro- 
mised the  Osages  in  the  treaty;  a  mill;  ploughs,  and  other  in- 
pkments  of  husbandry;  a  blacksmith  to  mend  their  guns, 
ploughs,  Sicc.;  and  block  houses,  to  defend  their  towns.  In 
short  they  were  induced  to  believe,  that  an  establishment 
was  to  be  permanently  kept  up  near  their  towns,  which 
should  afford  them  a  ready  market  at  all  times  for  their  furs 
and  pelts,  encourage  and  assist  them  in  acquiring  habits  of 
civilization,  and  protect  them  from  their  surrounding  ene- 
mies. A  mill  and  one  block  house  have  been  built  at  an 
enormous  expense;  and  a  blacksmith  has  been  fixed;  all  at 
the  town  of  the  Great  Osages.  The  mill  I  believe  is  of  some 
use  to  those  few  who  are  near  it.  The  blacksmith,  although 
expensive  to  government,  is  not  of  the  smallest  service.  The 
block  house  is  only  useful  to  the  traders,  who  sometimes  go 
to  that  village. 

"  All  of  them  would  be  extremely  useful,  if  properly 
placed,  and  taken  care  of,  but  detached  as  they  are  from  the 
agency,  and  unconnected  with  an  establishment  such  as  was 


348  Expedition  to  the 

originally  contemplated  at  Fort  Clark,  they  are  at  present 
of  very  little  use. 

"  These  facts  concerning  the  Osage  treaty,  are  stated  mere- 
ly to  show  that  we  have  not  dealt  justly  with  the  Osages, 
and  to  infer  from  them,  that  unless  immediate  steps  are 
taken,  to  recover  that  confidence  and  respect  which  those 
Indians  once  had  in  the  United  States,  the  inevitable  conse- 
quence will  be  their  decided  and  active  hostility  againstthe  set- 
tlements of  the  Missouri,  and  those  back  of  the  Lead  Mines. 
British  emissaries  had  repeatedly  attempted  to  engage  the 
Osages  in  their  service,  previous  to  the  evacuation  of  Fort 
Clark,  but  without  effect.  The  leading  men  have  often  de- 
clared to  me  their  determination  "  never  to  desert  their 
American  father,  as  long  as  he  was  faithful  to  them."  At 
a  time  when  we  were  under  serious  apprehensions  of  an  at- 
tack on  Fort  Clark,  the  warriors  of  the  Little  Osages  offered 
their  services  to  me  to  defend  the  post.  In  less  than  two 
months  after  these  declarations  and  offers  of  services,  Fort 
Clark  was  evacuated,  and  the  Osage  establishment  abandon- 
ed, without  any  notice  or  apology  for  so  very  extraordinary 
and  unnecessary  an  act.  Thus  were  the  Osages  left,  I  may 
truly  say,  in  the  arms  of  the  British  agents.  How  far  those 
agents  have  succeeded  in  weaning  them  from  their  growing 
attachment  to  the  United  States,  I  am  unable  to  say;  they 
have  had  full  scope  for  their  arts,  and  it  would  be  idle  to 
suppose  they  have  not  made  some  progress. 

"  Of  all  the  Missouri  Indians,  the  Osages  were  the  least 
accessible  to  British  influence;  from  their  strong  attachment 
to  the  French,  they  had  acquired  a  French  prejudice  against 
the  English,  which  since  my  acquaintance  with  them  has 
rather  increased  than  diminished.  Such  are  the  Osages  and 
such  our  relations  and  political  standing  with  them. 

"  The  Osages  of  the  Oaks,  or  Clermont's  band  were  sepa- 
rated from  the  other  bands  and  fixed  in  their  present  situa- 
tion chiefly,  it  is  said,  through  the  influence  of  Mr.  Chou- 


Roiky  Mountainfi.  249 

teau,  previously  to  the  cession  of  the  territory  to  the  Ameri- 
can government.  The  monopoly  of  the  Missouri  trade  hav- 
ing been  granted  to  Mr.  Manuel  Lisa,  by  the  Spanish  au- 
thorities, Mr.  Chouteau,  a  rival  trader,  could  no  longer 
traffick  with  them  on  the  waters,  or  within  a  certain  distance 
of  the  Missouri.  He,  therefore,  managed  to  separate  a  con- 
siderable portion  of  the  nation  from  the  interest  of  his  rival, 
and  induced  them  to  establish  a  town  near  the  Arkansa,  of 
the  trade  of  which  river  he  enjoyed  a  monopoly. 


VOL.  II.  32 


CHAPTER  XV. 

Verdigris  river — Mr.  Gleri's  trading  house — New  species 
of  lizard — Neosho^  or  Grand  river — Salt  works — Large 
spider — Illinois  creek — Ticks — Arrival  at  Belle  Point. 

September  4th.  The  face  of  the  country  exhibited  thesame 
appearance  as  that  of  yesterday's  journey,  until  we  arrived  at 
a  dense  forest,  which  we  supposed  to  margin  the  Verdigris 
river,  or  Was-su-ja  of  the  Osages.  There  being  no  trace  to 
direct  us,  we  were  obliged  to  penetrate  the  intricate  under- 
growth as  we  might,  and  after  a  tedious  and  laborious  pas- 
sage of  something  more  than  three  miles,  we  attained,  proba- 
bly by  a  somewhat  circuitous  route,  the  river  which  we  had 
so  long  vainly  sought.  At  our  crossing  place  the  stream  was 
probably  eighty  yards  wide,  and  one  foot  in  depth,  running 
with  a  brisk  stream  over  a  rocky  bed,  though  above  and 
below,  as  far  as  we  examined,  the  depth  of  water  is  much 
more  considerable.  This  river  is  more  rapid  and  pellucid 
than  any  tributary  we  have  passed  on  this  side  of  the  moun- 
tain streams,  and  during  the  season  of  floods  its  volume  is 
augmented  by  the  tribute  of  those  ravines  over  which  we  pass- 
ed on  the  29th  and  SOth  ult.  Late  in  the  afternoon  we  struck 
the  Osage  trace  leading  from  their  village  to  the  trading 
establishment,  at  the  confluence  of  the  Verdigris,  whither 
we  now  directed  our  course.  Our  evening  encampment  was 
at  a  small  ravine,  in  which  were  some  plum  bushes,  bearing 
fruit  yet  unripe,  of  a  fine  red  colour,  and  without  the  slight- 
est exaggeration,  as  closely  situate  on  many  of  the  branches, 
as  onions  when  tied  on  ropes  of  straw  for  exportation. 

Distance  17  3-4  miles.  Extreme  heat  90  degrees. 


Expedition^  &?c.  251 

5lh.»  At  ten  o'clock  we  arrived  at  Mr.  Glen's  trading 
house  near  the  Verdigris,  about  a  mile  above  its  confluence 
with  the  Arkansa.  We  were  hospitably  received  by  the  in- 
terpreter^  a  Frenchman,  who  informed  us  that  Mr.  Glen 
was  absent  on  a  visit  to  Belle  Point.  In  reply  to  our  inqui- 
ries respecting  the  best  and  shortest  route  to  the  place  of 
GUI  destination,  two  Americans  who  were  present,  assured  us 
that  there  was  a  path  the  whole  distance,  so  obvious  as  not 
to  be  mistaken,  and  that  they  were  so  much  occupied  as  to 
be  unable  to  spare  any  one  to  pilot  us.  Unfortunately,  how- 
ever, for  our  informant,  a  military  cap  which  was  disco- 
vered suspended  from  a  beam,  betrayed  him  to  be  a  soldier 
belonging  to  the  garrison  of  Belle  Point,  temporarily  employ- 
ed at  this  place.  When  asked  by  what  right  he  had  entered 
into  any  other  engagements  whilst  in  the  service  of  the  Uni- 
ted States,  he  replied,  that  he  had  the  permission  of  his  offi- 
cers, but  as  he  could  not  show  a  permit  he  was  ordered 
to  join  our  suite  forthwith,  as  a  guide,  and  to  assist  with  the 
pack  horses. 

The  interpreter  informed  us,  that  the  distance  to  the  town 
of  the  Osages  of  the  Oaks  is  about  fifty-five  miles;  from 
thence  to  the  village  of  the  second  band  of  Osages,  called 
the  Little  Osages,  residing  near  the  Neosho,  or  Grand  river, 
more  than  sixty  miles;  thence  to  the  village  of  the  third 
band,  called  the  Great  Osages,  resident  near  the  head  waters 
of  the  Osage  river  three  miles.  He  assured  us  that  Clermont 
had  then  four  wives,  and  thirty-seven  children!  a  number 
doubtless  unprecedented  amongst  the  North  American  In- 
dians, and  which  may  probably  be  attributed  to  this  chief 
by  mistake.  We  also  learned  that  at  the  distance  of  twen- 
ty-five miles,  was  a  copious  salt  spring,  lately  worked  with 
the  permission  of  the  Indians,  but  at  present  it  is  aban- 
doned, and  the  apparatus  removed.  Mr.  Nuttall  in  his 
interesting  journal  of  travels  in  the  Arkansa  territory  has 
given  an  excellent  account  of  this  saline.    It  produced  agree- 


252  Expedition  to  the 

ably  to  his  statement,  under  the  management  of  the  com- 
pany, 1  bushel  of  salt,  from  80  gallons  of  water,  and  120 
bushels  were  manufactured  in  a  week. 

A  beautiful  species  of  lizard,  (agama)  is  occasionally  met 
with  in  this  territory.  It  runs  with  great  swiftness.  The 
forms  of  its  scales,  their  arrangement  and  proportions,  con- 
siderably resemble  those  of  Polychrus  marmorata^  with  the 
exception  of  the  caudal  ones,  the  series  of  which  are  equal, 
and  the  scales  near  the  tip  of  the  tail  only  are  mucronate.  A 
band  over  the  shoulders  somewhat  resembles  that  of  Stelio 
querts-paleo.* 

In  addition  to  our  usual  fare  served  upon  the  earth,  we 
here  enjoyed  the  luxury  of  wild  honey,  and  Indian  corn  or 
maize  bread,  spread  upon  a  table,  and  felt,  perhaps,  a  little 
of  that  elation  which  the  possession  of  a  new  garment 
gives  to  the  beaux,  when  we  found  ourselves  mounted  on 
stools  and  benches  around  it. 

The  Sassafras,  (Laurus  sassafras)  occurred  this  morning, 
and  soon  after  our  departure  from  the  trading  house  we  saw 
the  Cane,  (Miegia  macrospermd)  and  were  soon  involved  in 
a  dense  cane  brake.  Here  we  were  hardly  fanned  by  a  breath 
of  air,  and  during  the  prevalence  of  the  extreme  heat  of  the 

*  Agama  collaris,  S.  Scales  of  the  back,  neck,  and  head  beneath,  anterior 
legs,  and  superior  and  posterior  portions  of  the  posterior  legs  small,  slightly 
convex,  mutic,  rounded,  or  a  little  oblong,  obsoletely  arranged  in  trans- 
verse lines;  those  of  the  abdomen  and  breast  larger,  slightly  hexagonal  or 
quadrate,  and  distinctly  arranged  in  transverse  lines;  those  of  the  tail  ra- 
ther smaller  than  the  abdominal  ones,  arranged  in  bands,  mutic,  quadrate, 
towards  the  tip  of  the  tail  oblong,  carinated,  and  acute;  fiont,  middle  of  the 
head  and  vertex,  and  anterior  portion  of  the  inferior  jaw  with  scales  ap- 
proaching the  size  of  plates;  colour,  back,  with  five  or  six  dusky  broad 
bands,  alternating  with  narrow,  fulvous  bands,  which  have  each  a  series  of 
yellow  or  cinereous  spots;  a  few  spots  are  also  scattered  on  the  dusky 
bands;  xides  greenish  yellow;  sides  of  the  nccfc  fulvous,  more  or  less  varied 
with  brilliant  Vermillion  red,  a  deep  black  band,  and  another  on  the  shoul- 
der, both  obsolete  above,  and  terminating  near  the  anterior  legs:  beneath 
pale;  posterior  thighs  with  a  series  of  pores;  eyes  silvery,  pupil  round,  black; 
faiVlong,  tapering:  cylindrical. 

Length  from  nose  to  cloaca,  4  inches,  tail  5  2-5  inches. 

A  specimen  is  deposited  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


Rocky  Mountains.  253 

day,  which  was  96  degrees,  the  state  of  the  atmosphere  was 
extremely  oppressive.  A  short  ride  brought  us  to  the  Neo- 
sho, or  Grand  river,  better  known  to  the  hunters  by  the  sin- 
gular designation  of  the  Six  Bulls, 

It  enters  the  Arkansa  very  near  to  the  confluence  of  the 
Verdigris,  and  at  the  ripple,  which  offers  us  a  facility  of  cross- 
ing, is  about  80  yards  wide,  the  water  clear,  above  and  be- 
low, moving  with  a  gentle  current,  and  its  bed  and  shores 
paved  with  large  pebbles.  At  the  entrance  of  the  opposite 
forest,  our  guide,  to  whose  tongue  the  direct  and  very  ob- 
vious path  was  so  familiar,  now  became  bewildered,  and  af- 
ter reconnoitring  to  his  heart's  content  amongst  the  entan- 
gled briars,  vines,  and  nettles,  ushered  us  into  a  trace  which 
conducted  to  an  old  Indian  encampment,  and  terminated 
there.  Further  progress  was  in  a  great  measure  intercepted 
by  the  cane  brake,  which,  not  presenting  any  path,  obliged  us 
to  break  our  passage  with  much  labour.  The  dusk  of  the 
evening  found  us  still  pursuing  a  devious  course  through  a 
world  of  vegetation,  impenetrable  to  the  eye,  vainly  seeking 
a  spot  upon  which  an  encampment  could  be  fixed;  when  to 
our  unspeakable  joy,  and  without  previous  intimation,  the 
prairie  of  Bayou  Menard  appeared  suddenly  before  us.  The 
timber  of  these  bottoms  is  large  and  various.  The  extreme 
heat  of  the  day  96  degrees.  Distance,  eighteen  miles. 

Our  pleasure  at  first  seeing  civilized  white  men  was  of  no 
ordinary  kind;  it  appeared  as  though  we  had  already  arrived 
at  our  own  homes  and  families,  in  anticipation  of  Belle  Point, 
which  had  hitherto  seemed  the  utmost  boundary,  and  ter- 
minus of  our  pilgrimage. 

6th.  A  fine  morning;  and  as  on  the  days  of  the  1st  inst. 
and  30th  ultimo,  no  dew  had  fallen.  Crossed  the  ravine 
at  the  head  of  Bayou  Menard,  and  ascended  the  elevated 
hills,  clothed  with  small  oaks,  and  arrived  at  a  branch  of 
Green  Leaf  bayou,  about  nine  o'clock,  a  distance  of  eight 
miles. 


254  Expedition  to  the 

A  slight  shower  of  rain  fell  in  the  afternoon,  and  during 
our  ride,  we  first  observed  the   dog  wood  {Cor?ius  Florida/) 
in  the  evening  we  arrived  at  Mr.  Bean's  salt  works.    These 
are  situate  on  a  small  creek,  which  flows  into  the  Illinois, 
about  a  mile  below,  and  are  at  the  distance  of  about  seven 
miles  from  the  Arkansa.    Mr.  Bean  commenced  his  opera- 
tions in  the  spring,  and  has  already  a  neat  farm  house  on  the 
Iljinois,  with  a  considerable  stock  of  cattle,  hogs,  and  poul- 
try, and  several  acres  in  Indian  corn.  Near  the  springs  he  has 
erected  a  neat  log  house,  and  a  shed  for  the  furnace,  but 
his  kettles,  which  were  purchased  of  the  proprietors  of  the 
Neosho  establishment,  were  not  yet  fixed.     He  assured  us 
that  the  water  was  so  far  saturated,  as  not  to  dissolve  any 
perceptible  quantity  of  a  handful  of  salt  that  was  thrown  in- 
to it.    On  the  side  of  a  large  well  which  he  had  sunk  to  col- 
lect the  salt  water,  and  perhaps  two  feet  from  the  surface  of 
the  soil,  he  pointed  out  the  remains  of  a  stratum  of  char- 
coal of  inconsiderable  extent,  through  which  they  had  pene- 
trated, and    which,  to  a  by-stander  was  a  certain  proof  that 
these  springs  had  been  formerly  worked  by  the  Indians.  But 
as    no  other  appearances  justified  this  conclusion,  a  greater 
probability    seems   attached  to  the    idea,  that  during  some 
former   conflagration  of  the  prairies,  the  charred  trunk  or 
branches  of  a  tree  were  here  imbedded.   Another  agent,  how- 
ever, of  sufficient  efficacy  to  operate  this  carbonization  of 
wood,  resides  in  the  sulphuric  acid,  liberated  by  the  decom- 
posing pyritous  rocks,  so  abundant  here. 

Whilst  waiting  with  a  moderate  share  of  patience,  for  our 
evening  meal  of  boiled  pumpkins,  one  of  the  children  brought 
us  a  huge,  hairy  spider,  which  he  carried  upon  a  twig,  that 
he  had  induced  the  animal  to  grasp  with  its  feet.  Its  mag- 
nitude and  formidable  appearance  surprised  us.  The  boy  in- 
formed us,  that  he  had  captured  it  near  the  entrance  of  its 
burrow,  and  that  the  species  is  by  no  means  rare  in  this  part 
of  the  country.     Not  having  any  box  suitable  to  contain  it, 


Rocky  Mountains.  255 

nor  any  pin  sufficiently  large  to  impale  it,  we  substituted  9 
wooden  peg,  by  which  it  was  attached  to  the  inside  of  a 
hat.  I'his  species  so  closely  resembles,  both  in  form,  colour, 
ind  magnitude,  the  gigantic  bird-catching  spider  of  South 
America,*  that  from  a  minute  survey  of  this  specimen, 
which  is  a  female,  we  cannot  discover  the  slightest  character- 
istic distinction.  But  as  an  examination  of  the  male  compara- 
tively with  that  of  the  avicularia,  may  exhibit  distinctive 
traits,  we  refrain  from  deciding  positively  upon  the  species. 

Distance,  twenty-four  miles. 

rth.  The  Illinois  is  called  by  the  Osages,  Eng-wah-con- 
dah,  or  Medicine-stone  creek.  At  our  fording  place,  near 
the  saline,  it  was  about  sixty  yards  wide,  with  clear  water, 
and  pebbly  shores,  like  those  of  the  Neosho.  We  proceeded 
on  through  a  country  wooded  with  small  oaks,  interspersed 
with  occasional  small  prairies,  and  crossed  a  deep  ravine, 
called  Bayou  Viande.  These  bayous,  as  they  are  named 
in  this  country,  unlike  those  of  the  lower  portion  of  the 
Mississippi  river,  are  large,  and  often  very  profound  ra- 
vines or  water  courses,  which,  during  the  spring  season,  or 
after  heavy  rains,  receive  the  water  from  the  surface  of  the 
prairies,  and  convey  it  to  the  river;  but  in  the  summer  and 
early  autumn,  the  sources  being  exhausted,  the  water  subsides 
in  their  channels,  occupying  only  the  deeper  parts  of  their 
bed,  in  the  form  of  stagnant  pools,  exhaling  miasmata  to  the 
atmosphere,  and  rendering  their  vicinity  prejudicial  to  health. 

The  extreme  temperature  of  the  day  was  93  degrees,  but 
it  was  rather  abruptly  reduced  by  a  strong  wind  with 
thunder  and  lightning,  from  the  S.  E.  which  brought  up  a 
heavy  rain,  that  continued  to  drench  us  until  the  evening, 
when,  after  a  ride  of  fourteen  miles,  we  encamped  at  Bayou 
Salaison,  or  meat  salting  Bayou.  At  our  mid-day  refectory, 
we  were  much  annoyed  by  great  numbers  of  small  ticks, 
that  were  excessively  abundant  amongst  the  grass,  and  crawl- 

*  Mygale  avicularia. 


256  Eocpedttion  to  the 

ed  by  dozens  up  our  leggins.  Wherever  they  effected  a 
lodgment  upon  the  skin,  their  numerous  punctures  would 
cause  an  intolerable  itching  sensation  that  bid  defiance  to 
repose.  In  the  evening,  in  addition  to  the  needful  process  of 
drying  our  clothing  and  blankets,  we  had  ample  employment 
in  scratching,  and  picking  the  pestiferous  arachnides  from  our 
bodies.  On  entering  the  water  for  relief,  the  disagreeable 
sensation  seemed  to  be  mitigated  for  a  time,  only  to  be  aug- 
mented on  our  return  to  the  atmosphere.  Mosquitoes, 
which  were  also  abundant,  were  readily  expelled  from  our 
tents  by  the  smoke  of  burning  wood;  but  the  ticks,  otherwise 
constituted,  frustrated  our  endeavours  to  obtain  the  necessary 
rest  and  sleep  during  the  night. 

These  ticks  are  of  two  different  species,  and  in  common 
with  other  species  inhabiting  different  parts  of  the  United 
States,  are  distinguished  by  the  name  of  seed  ticks,  probably 
on  account  of  their  small  size,  when  compared  with  others 
of  the  same  genus. 

The  larger  of  the  two  kinds*  may  be  compared,  in  point  of 
transverse  diameter,  to  the  head  of  a  small  sized  pin,  but 
the  other  one  is  so  much  smaller,  as  to  elude  the  sight,  ex- 
cepting on  minute  inspection. 

The  Cherokee  Indians  frequently  visit  this  vicinity,  on 
hunting  excursions,  and  our  guide  informs  us,  that  a  hunt- 
ing party  of  that  nation  is  at  present  encamped  at  the  mouth 
of  this  Bayou,  at  the  distance  of  two  and  a  half  miles  from 
our  camp. 

Sth.  The  face  of  the  country  presents  the  same  appearance 
with  that  we  passed  over  yesterday,  offering,  in  the  arrange- 

*  Ixodes  molestus.  S.  BoJy  reddish-brown,  punctured,  orbicular,  very 
slightly  approaching  ovate;  scutus  rounded  or  subangular,  hardly  attain- 
ing the  middle  of  the  body,  and  with  two  distant,  indented,  longitudinal 
lines;  tergum  with  about  lour  dilated  black  distant  radii  behind  the  mid- 
dle, margin  from  near  the  middle  of  the  side  with  ten  or  twelve  impress- 
ed acute,  equal,  equidistant  lines,  which  do  not  crenate  the  edge  or  upper 
surface. 

Length  rather  more  than  one  twentieth  of  an  inch. 


Rocky  Mountains.  257 

ment  of  forest  and  fertile  prairie,  many  advantageous  sites 
for  plantations,  of  which  one  is  already  established  at  the 
confluence  of  Big  Skin  Bayou. 

During  the  afternoon's  ride  the  country  was  observed  to 
be  more  hilly.  Soon  after  the  occurrence  of  the  greatest  heat 
of  the  day,  which  was  9i  degrees,  several  showers  of  rain 
fell,  accompanied  with  distant  thunder. 

On  a  naked  part  of  the  soil,  gullied  out  by  the  action  of 
torrents  of  water,  we  beheld  a  hymenopterous  or  wasp-like 
insect  (Sphexj  triumphantly,  but  laboriously,  dragging  the 
body  of  the  gigantic  spider,  its  prey,  to  furnish  food  to  its 
future  progeny.  We  cannot  but  admire  the  prowess  of  this 
comparatively  pigmy  victor,  and  the  wonderful  influence  of 
a  maternal  emotion,  which  thus  impels  it  to  a  hazardous 
encounter,  for  the  sake  of  a  posterity  which  it  can  never 
know. 

Distance  nineteen  miles. 

9th.  Pursued  our  journey,  with  every  hope  of  reaching 
the  place  of  rendezvous  appointed  by  Major  Long,  before 
noon.  Since  passing  Bayou  Viande  we  have  observed  the 
country,  on  either  side  of  our  path,  to  be  distinguished  by 
extremely  numerous  natural  elevations  of  earth,  of  some  con- 
siderable degree  of  regularity.  They  are  of  a  more  or  less 
oval  outline,  and  their  general  dimensions  may  be  stated  at 
one  hundred  feet  long,  by  from  two  to  five  feet  in  greatest 
height.  Their  existence  is  doubtless  due  to  the  action  of 
water.  Should  the  rivers  Platte  and  Arkansa  be  deprived  of 
their  waters,  the  sand  islands  of  their  beds  would  probably 
present  a  somewhat  similar  appearance. 

An  Indian  who  observed  us  passing,  hallooed  to  us  from 
a  distance,  and  expecting  some  important  communication, 
we  waited  some  time,  until  he  came  up.  He  proved  to  be  a 
Cherokee,  dressed  much  in  the  manner  of  the  whites,  and 
not  a  little  infected  with  the  spirit  of  an  interrogator,  com- 
mon, no  doubt,  to  those  with  whom  he  has  been  accustomed 

VOL.  ij.  33 


258  Expedition  to  the 

to  associate,  and  therefore  probably  regarded  as  a  concomi- 
tant of  civilization.  We  left  him  to  his  own  surmises,  re- 
specting our  object  and  destination,  and  soon  arrived  at  the 
path  which  strikes  off,  for  the  river.  After  passing  a  distance 
of  four  miles  through  a  cane  brake,  we  arrived  at  a  hut  and 
small  farm,  belonging  to  a  soldier  of  the  garrison,  and  were 
shortly  on  the  strand  of  the  river,  with  the  long-sought  Belle 
Point  before  us.  We  were  soon  ferried  over,  and  were 
kindly  received  on  the  landing  by  Captain  Ballard  and  Mr. 
Glen,  The  former  gentleman  was  at  present  invested  with 
the  command,  in  consequence  of  the  temporary  absence  of 
Major  Bradford  on  a  visit  to  St.  Louis.  His  politeness  and 
attt  ntion  soon  rendered  our  situation  comfortable,  after  a 
houseless  exposure  in  the  wlderness  of  ninety-three  days. 

The  greatest  heat  of  the  day  was  91  degrees,  and  distance 
travelled  nine  miles. 

The  Arkansa,  below  the  great  bend,  becomes  more  ser- 
pentine than  it  is  above,  and  very  much  obstructed  by  sand 
bars  and  islands,  either  naked  or  clothed  with  a  recent  vege- 
tation; they  are  but  little  elevated  above  the  surface  of  the 
water,  and  are  covered,  to  some  depth,  during  the  pr<  valence 
of  floods  in  the  river.  At  Belle  Point,  and  some  distance 
above,  these  islands  almost  wholly  disappear,  but  the  sandy 
shores  still  continue,  and  are,  as  above,  alternately  situated 
on  either  side  of  the  river,  as  the  stream  approaches  or  re- 
cedes from  the  opposite  river  bottoms.  The  colour  of  the 
water  was  now  olive-green.  All  the  red  colouring  matter, 
with  which  it  is  sometimes  imbued,  is  contributed  by  streams 
entering  on  the  southern  side.  The  current  of  the  Arkansa 
is  much  less  rapid  than  that  of  the  Platte,  but  the  character 
of  tnose  two  rivers  in  a  considerable  degree  corresponds,  in 
their  widely  spreading  waters  of  but  little  depth,  running 
over  a  bed  of  yielding  sand.  The  rise  of  the  waters  at  Belle 
Point  takes  place  in  the  months  of  March  and  early  April, 


Rocky  Mountains.  259 

with  a  less  considerable  freshet  in  July  and  August.  But  to 
this  place  navigation  is  seldom  practicable  for  keel  boats, 
from  the  month  of  August  to  February  inclusive,  though 
the  autumnal  freshet  of  October  and  November  frequently 
admits  their  passage. 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

Journey  from  Belle  Point  to  Cape  Girardeau — Cherokee  In- 
dians— Osage  War — Regulators — Settlements  of  White  Ri- 
ver. 

The  site  of  Fort  Smith  was  selected  by  Major  Long,  in 
the  fall  of  1817,  and  called  Belle  Point  in  allusion  to  its  pe- 
culiar beauty.  It  occupies  an  elevated  point  of  land,  imme- 
diately below  the  junction  of  the  Arkansa  and  the  Poteau, 
a  small  tributary  from  the  southwest.  Agreeably  to  the  or- 
ders of  General  Smith,  then  commanding  the  9th  military 
department,  a  plan  of  the  proposed  work  was  submitted  to 
Major  Bradford,  at  that  time,  and  since  commandant  at  the 
post,  under  whose  superintendence  the  works  have  been  in 
part  completed,  not  without  some  deviation  from  the  origi- 
nal plan.  The  buildings  now  form  two  sides  of  a  hollow 
square,  terminated  by  strong  block  houses  at  the  opposite 
angles,  and  fronting  towards  the  river. 

The  hill,  which  forms  the  basis  of  the  fort,  is  of  a  dark 
gray  micaceous  sandstone,  in  horizontal  laminse,  and  rises 
about  thirty  feet  above  the  water.  The  country  back  of  the 
fort,  has  an  undulating  surface,  gradually  ascending  as  it  re- 
cedes, being  covered  with  heavy  forests  of  oak,  tulip-tree, 
sassafras,  &c.  Towards  the  south  and  southeast,  at  no  great 
distance,  rise  the  summits  of  the  mountainous  range  already 
mentioned.  The  Sugar-loaf  and  Cavaniol  mountains,  the  for- 
mer being  one  of  a  group  of  three  similar  conic  summits, 
are  visible  from  some  points  near  Fort  Smith.  The  Poteau, 
so  called  by  the  French,  from  the  word  signifying  a  post  or 
station,  rises  sixty  or  seventy  miles  southwest  of  Belle  Point, 


Expedition,  ^c.  261 

opposite  to  the  sources  of  the  Kiamesha,  a  branch  of  Red 
river.  Nearly  the  whole  of  its  course  is  through  a  hilly  or 
mountainous  region,  but  it  is  one  so  sparingly  supplied  with 
water,  that  the  Poteau,  within  two  miles  of  its  confluence 
with  the  Arkansa,  is  in  the  dry  season,  no  more  than  a  tri- 
fling brook.  In  an  excursion  which  we  made  from  Fort 
Smith,  we  ascended  the  Poteau  about  a  mile  and  a  half, 
where  we  observed  an  extensive  bed  of  bituminous  clay  slate, 
indicating  the  neighbourhood  of  coal.  Tracing  this  slate  to 
the  south  and  east,  we  found  it  to  pass  under  a  very  consi- 
derable sandstone  hill.  Several  circumstances  induce  us  to 
believe,  that  it  rests  on  a  sandstone  similar  to  that  at  the 
fort;  attentive  examination  will  show,  that  these  rocks  have 
a  slight  inclination  towards  the  east,  and  if  the  bituminous 
slate  in  question  had  been  supported  by  compact  limestone, 
as  has  been  conjectured,*  it  is  highly  probable  this  rock 
would  have  emerged  near  where  the  sandstone  appears  at 
Belle  Point.  We  make  this  remark,  because,  although  we 
have  often  seen  both  limestone  and  bituminous  clay  slate,  in 
various  parts  of  the  Arkansa  Territory,  it  has  never  been 
our  fortune  to  meet  with  them  in  connexion. 

A  few  rods  above  this  bed  of  bituminous  shale,  we  cross- 
ed the  Poteau  almost  at  a  single  step,  and  without  wetting 
the  soles  of  our  mockasins,  so  inconsiderable  was  the  quan- 
tity of  water  it  contained.  The  point  between  the  confluence 
of  the  Poteau  and  the  Arkansa,  is  low  and  fertile  bottom 
land,  and  like  that  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river,  covered 
with  dense  and  heavy  forests  of  cotton -wood,  sycamore,  and 
ash,  intermixed  with  extensive  and  impenetrable  cane  brakes. 
In  these  low  grounds  the  beautiful  papaw  tree,  whose  lus- 
cious fruit  was  now  ripe,  occurs  in  great  abundance.  It  rises 
to  the  height  of  thirty  or  forty  feet,  and  its  trunk  is  some- 
times not  less  than  a  foot  in  diameter. 

*  Nuttall's  Travels  into  the  Arkansa  Territory,  p.  144. 


-^2  Expedition  to  the 

Grape  vines,  several  scandent  species  of  smilax  and  cissus, 
and  an  undescribed  vine,  allied  to  menispermum,  are  so  in- 
ternaixed  with  the  sturdy  undergrowth  as  to  render  the  woods 
almost  impassable.  Paths  have  been  opened  by  the  people 
of  the  garrison,  where  they  have  been  found  necessary,  by 
cutting  away  the  canes  and  small  trees,  but  they  may  be  said 
to  resemble  subtenanean  passages,  to  which  the  rays  of  the 
sun  never  penetrate.  We  found  the  air  in  these,  and  indeed 
in  every  part  of  the  heavy  forests,  stagnant,  and  so  loaded 
with  the  effluvia  of  decaying  vegetable  substances,  as  to  be 
immediately  oppressive  to  the  lungs.  After  spending  an  hour 
or  two  in  an  atmosphere  of  this  kind,  we  found  ourselves 
perceptibly  affected  with  languor  and  dizziness. 

The  gardens  at  Fort  Smith  afforded  green  corn,  melons, 
sweet  potatoes,  and  other  esculent  vegetables,  which  to  us 
had,  for  a  long  time,  been  untasted  luxuries.  It  is  probable 
we  did  not  exercise  sufficient  caution,  in  recommencing  the 
use  of  these  articles,  as  we  soon  found  our  health  beginning 
to  become  impaired.  We  had  been  a  long  time  confined  to  a 
meat  diet,  without  bread  or  condiments  of  any  kind,  and  were 
not  surprised  to  find  ourselves  affected  by  so  great  and  so 
sudden  a  change.  It  may  be  worth  while  to  remark  that  we 
had  been  so  long  unaccustomed  to  the  use  of  salt  that  the 
sweat  of  our  faces  had  lost  all  perceptible  saltness,  and  the 
ordinary  dishes  which  were  brought  to  our  mess  table  at  the 
fort  appeared  unpalatable,  on  account  of  being  too  highly 
seasoned. 

In  a  region  of  extensive  river  alluvion  supporting,  like 
that  of  the  Arkansa,boundless  forests,  impervious  to  the  winds 
and  the  rays  of  the  sun,  it  is  not  surprising  that  a  state  of 
the  atmosphere  unfavorable  to  health  should  exist.  Inter- 
mitting, remitting,  and  continued  billious  fevers  prevail  dur- 
ing the  summer  and  autumn j  and  in  many  instances  termi- 
nate fatally.  Among  recent  settlers  the  want  of  the  most 
common  comforts,  of  the  advice  and  attendance  of  skilful 


Rocky  Mountains.  263 

physicians,  and  above  all  the  want  of  cleanliness,  and  the 
destructive  habits  of  intemperance,  are  causes  operating 
powerfully  to  produce  and  aggravate  these  diseases.  The 
settlements  about  Fort  Smith  were  sickly,  and  we  saw  num- 
bers with  that  peculiar  sallowness  of  complexion  which  ac- 
companies those  chronic  derangements  of  the  functions  of 
the  liver  so  often  the  consequence  of  billious  fevers.  It  is 
obvious  that  the  causes  of  the  acknowledged  sickliness  of 
the  recent  settlements  in  the  south  and  west  are,  in  a  great 
measure  local,  and  unconnected  with  the  climate.  By  the 
increase  of  settlements,  and  the  progress  of  cultivation,  they 
will  be  in  part  removed. 

Fort  Smith  was  garrisoned  by  one  company  of  riflemen, 
under  the  command  of  Major  Bradford.  Among  other  im- 
portant designs  contemplated  in  the  establishment  of  this 
post,  one  was  to  prevent  the  encroachments  of  the  white  set- 
tlers upon  the  lands  still  held  by  the  Indians.  Some  of  the 
most  fertile  portions  of  the  Arkansa  territor)  are  those  about 
the  Verdigris,  Skin  Bayou,  Illinois,  Six  Bulls,  &c.,  in  which 
some  unauthorised  settlements  were  heretofore  made,  but 
have  recently  been  abandoned,  in  compliance  with  the  re- 
quirements of  the  commandant  at  Fort  Smith. 

The  opportunity  offered  by  a  few  days'  residence  at  Fort 
Smith,  was  seized  for  the  purpose  of"  ascertaining,  by  several 
successive  observations,  the  latitude  and  longitude  of  the 
place.  The  results  of  several  observations  of  the  sun's  me- 
redianaltitude,andof  lunar  distances, taken,  between  the  14th 
and  19th  of  September,  give  for  the  latitud«i  of  Belle  Point 
34°  50'  54",  and  for  the  longitude  94''  21'  west  of  Green- 
wich. 

On  the  19th  Captain  Bell  left  the  fort  to  proceed  on  his 
way  to  Cape  Girardeau,  accompanied  by  Dougherty  and 
Oakley,  two  of  the  engagees,  whose  services  were  no  longer 
required.  On  the  20th  Dr.  James  and  Lieutenant  Swift  de- 
parted in  company  with  Captain  Kearney,  who  had  visited 


i264.  Expedition  to  the 

the  post  in  the  discharge  of  his  duties  as  inspector  and  pay- 
master. It  was  the  design  of  this  party  to  descend  the  Ar- 
kansa  to  the  Cherokee  agency,  and  to  proceed  thence  to  the 
Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita. 

On  the  21st  the  party,  now  consisting  of  Maj.  Long, 
Messrs.  Say,  Seymour  and  Peale,  accompanied  by  Wilson, 
Adams,  Duncan  and  Sweney,  the  other  soldiers  being  left 
at  the  fort,  commenced  the  journey  towards  Cape  Girardeau. 
We  took  with  us  five  horses  and  five  mules,  two  of  the  lat- 
ter being  loaded  with  packs.  Capt.  Ballard  kindly  volunteer- 
ed his  services  as  guide,  and  attended  by  a  servant,  accom- 
panied us  the  first  day's  journey  on  our  march. 

Our  route  lay  on  the  south  side  of  the  Arkansa,  at  con- 
siderable distance  from  the  river  and  led  us  across  two  small 
creeks,  one  called  Massern,  or  Mount  Cerne  and  the  other  the 
Vache  Grasse.*  The  latter  stream  has  a  course  of  several 
miles,  but  during  the  dry  season  discharges  very  little  water. 
The  small  path  we  followed,  lay,  for  the  most  part,  through 
open  woods  of  post  oak,  blak  jack,  and  hickory,  occasionally 
traversing  a  narrow  prairie.  In  these  open  plains,  now  cov- 
ered with  rank  grass  and  weeds,  we  discovered  here  and 
there  some  traces,  such  as  a  skull  or  hoof  of  a  bison,  indi- 
cating that  the  exclusive  possession  of  man  to  these  regions, 
had  been  of  a  very  recent  date. 

It  was  near  five  o'clock  when  we  arrived  at  the  solitary 
cabin  of  a  settler,  and  though  we  found  no  inhabitant  about 
the  place,  we  halted  and  encamped  near  the  spring.  Our 
horses  were  scarce  unsaddled,  when  a  man,  who  seemed  to  be 
the  occupant  of  the  house  came  up,  and  informed  us  that  half 
a  mile  farther  on  our  way,  we  should  find  a  house  and  good 
accommodation.     Accordingly  we  again  mounted  our  horses, 

*  The  word  Masserne,  applied  by  Darby  as  a  name  to  the  hills  of  the 
Arkansa  territory,  near  the  boundary  of  Louisiana;  by  Nuiiall  to  the 
mountains  at  the  sources  of  the  Kieuieslia  and  the  Poteau,  is  su|>;)0-.tid  to 
be  a  corruption  of  Jlont  cern  tiie  name  of  a  small  hill  near  J3elle  Point, 
long  used  as  a  look-out  post  by  the  French  hunters. 


Rocky  Mountains.  265 

and  rode  forward  to  Mr.  Billingsly's,  where  we  met  a  very 
hospitable  reception.  As  the  night  approached,  we  observed 
that  several  young  women  and  men,  the  sons  and  daughters 
of  the  family  disappeared,  going  to  the  cottages  of  the  neigh- 
bors fthe  nearest  of  which  seemed  to  be  the  one  we  had  pas- 
sed) to  spend  the  night,  that  they  might  leave  their  beds  for 
us. 

Some  feather  beds  having  been  given  up  by  their  ordinary 
occupants,  expressly  for  our  use,  we  could  not  well  avoid  ac- 
cepting the  accommodation  thus  offered;  but,  instead  of  prov- 
ing an  indulgence,  we  experienced  from  them  more  inconve- 
nience that  gratification.  We  spent  an  unquiet  and  almost 
sleepless  night,  and  arose  on  the  following  morning  unrefresh- 
ed,  and  with  a  painful  feeling  of  soreness  in  our  bones,  so  great 
a  change  had  the  hunter's  life  produced  upon  our  habits. 
Those  of  the  party  who  spread  their  blankets,  and  passed  the 
night  on  the  floor  of  the  cabin,  rested  much  more  pleasantly. 

On  the  succeeding  morning  Capt.  Ballard  returned  to 
Belle  Point,  and  we  resumed  our  journey,  accompanied  by 
one  of  the  sons  of  our  landlord,  who  undertook  to  guide  us 
on  our  way,  until  we  should  fall  in  with  a  path  which  we 
might  continue  to  follow.  We  passed  through  a  hilly  coun- 
try, crossing  two  creeks,  heretofore  called  the  middle  and 
lower  Vache  Grasse.  At  the  distance  of  four  or  five  miles 
from  the  Arkansa,  on  each  side,  the  country  is  broken  and 
mountainous,  several  of  the  summits  rising  to  an  elevation 
of  near  two  thousand  feet  above  the  surface  of  the  water. 
Several  trees,  which  stood  near  our  path,  had  been  in  part 
stripped  of  their  bark,  and  the  naked  trunks  were  marked 
with  rude  figures  representing  horses,  men,  deer,  dogs,  &c. 
These  imperfect  paintings  done  with  charcoal  and  sometimes 
touched  with  a  little  vermillion,  appeared  to  be  historic  re- 
cords, designed  to  perpetuate  or  at  least  to  communicate  the 
account  of  some  exploit  in  hunting,  a  journey,  or  some  simi- 
lar event. 

VOL.  II.  34 


266  Expedition  to  the 

A  little  before  sunset  we  arrived  at  a  settlement  on  the 
stream  called  Short  Mountain  Bayou.  The  little  cabin  we 
found  occupied  by  two  soldiers  belonging  to  the  garrison, 
who  were  on  their  return  from  the  settlement,  at  Cadron, 
whither  they  had  been  sent  with  letters,  on  our  arrival  at 
Fort  Smith,  Cadron  being  the  nearest  post  town.  We  had 
expected  letters  from  our  friends,  by  the  return  of  the  ex- 
press, but  Were  disappointed. 

The  soldiers  informed  us  that  the  house,  in  which  they  had 
quartered  themselves  for  the  night,  had  been  for  a  week 
or  two  deserted,  since  its  proprietor  had  died,  and  his  wife, 
who  was  sick,  had  been  removed  to  the  nearest  settlement. 
The  place  is  called  the  Short  Mountain  Settlement,  from  a 
high  ridge  of  sandstone,  a  little  to  the  northwest,  rising  in 
the  form  of  a  parallelogram  to  an  elevation,  according  to  our 
estimate,  of  about  twelve  hundred  feet;  its  sides  are  abrupt, 
and  in  many  places,  particularly  towards  the  summit,  perpen- 
dicular. The  summit  is  broad  and  nearly  tabular,  being 
covered  with  small  trees,  among  which  the  red  cedar,  or 
some  other  evergreen  tree  predominates. 

The  plantation  is  somewhat  elevated  on  a  rocky  eminence, 
at  a  little  distance  from  the  creek,  but  it  is  surrounded  on 
all  sides,  save  one,  by  the  heavily  wooded  low  grounds,  in 
which  we  are  to  look  for  the  causes  whose  operation  have 
made  it  so  soon  desolate.  Short  Mountain  Bayou,  if  we 
may  judge  from  the  depth  and  width  of  its  channel,  and  the 
extent  of  its  low  grounds,  is  a  large  stream,  or  rather  one 
which  drains  an  extensive  surface,  but  at  this  time  it  exhi- 
bited a  succession  of  green  and  stagnant  pools,  connected  by 
a  little  brook,  almost  without  any  perceptible  current.  On 
the  surface  of  these  pools,  we  saw  the  floating  leaves  of  the 
nymphsea,  kalmiana,  some  utricularias,  and  other  aquatic 
plants. 

23d.  After  leaving  the  wide  and  fertile  bottoms  of  the 
Short   Mountain  Bayou,    our   path    lay    across   high    and 


Rocky  Mountains.  267 

rocky  hills,  altogether  covered  with  woods.  The  upland  for- 
ests are  almost  exclusively  of  oak,  with  some  little  inter- 
mixture of  hickory,  dogwood,  and  black  gum.  They  are 
open,  and  the  ground  is  in  part  covered  with  coarse  grasses. 

At  noon  we  arrived  at  the  Cherokee  settlement  on  Rocky 
Bayou,  and  were  received  with  some  hospitality  at  the  house 
of  the  MetifF  Chief,  known  by  the  name  of  Tom  Graves. 
Though  entirely  an  Indian  in  his  character  and  habits,  he  has 
the  colour  and  features  of  an  European,  and  it  was  not 
without  some  difficulty,  we  could  be  made  to  believe  that  he 
was  in  reality,  allied  by  birth  to  the  people  among  whom  he 
holds  the  rank  of  a  chief.  His  house,  as  well  as  many  we 
passed  before  we  arrived  at  it,  is  constructed  like  those  of 
the  white  settlers,  and  like  them,  surrounded  with  enclosed 
fields  of  corn,  cotton,  sweet  potatoes,  &c.,  with  cribs,  sheds, 
droves  of  swine,  flocks  of  geese,  and  all  the  usual  accompa- 
niments of  a  prosperous  settlement. 

Graves,  our  landlord,  though  unable  to  speak  or  under- 
stand our  language,  held  some  communications  with  us  by 
means  of  signs,  being  occasionally  assisted  by  a  black  girl, 
one  of  his  slaves  who  interpreted  the  Cherokee  language. 
He  told  us  among  other  things  that  the  Osages  do  not  know 
how  to  fight,  that  the  Cherokees  were  now  ready  to  give  up 
the  Osage  prisoners,  if  the  Osages  would  deliver  into  their 
hands  the  individuals,  who  had  formerly  killed  some  of  the 
Cherokees,  &c.  He  has  shown  his  admiration  of  military 
prowess,  by  calling  one  of  his  children  Andrew  Jackson 
Graves.  He  treated  us  with  a  good  degree  of  attention,  and 
showed  himself  well  acquainted  with  the  manner  of  making 
amends  by  extravagant  charges.  Our  dinner  was  brought 
in  by  black  slaves  and  consisted  of  a  large  boiled  buffaloe 
fish,  a  cup  of  coffee,  corn  bread,  milk,  &c.  Our  host,  and  his 
wife  of  unmi  xed  aboriginal  race,  were  at  table  with  us,  and 
several  slaves  of  African  descent  were  in  waitmg.  The 
Cherokees  are  said  to  treat  their  slaves  with  much  lenitv- 


268  Expedition  to  the 

The  band  of  Cherokees  now  residing  on  the  Arkansahave 
recently  removed  from  the  east  side  of  the  Mississippi. 
They  are  almost  exclusively  agriculturists,  raising  large 
crops  of  corn,  and  cotton  enough  for  clothing  their  families, 
which  they  manufacture  in  their  own  houses. 

After  dinner  we  proceeded  a  few  miles,  taking  with  us 
one  of  Graves'  sons,  as  a  guide,  who  lead  us  to  a  place  af- 
fording good  pasture  for  our  horses.  Here  we  encamped. 

24th.  From  the  settlement  of  the  Cherokees  at  Rocky  Bay- 
ou,  our  route  lay  towards  the  east  across  a  succession  of 
rocky  hills  sparingly  wooded  with  oak,  intermixed  with  the 
cornus  florida,  attaining  an  unusual  magnitude. 

As  we  descended  towards  the  Arkansa,  we  perceived  be- 
fore us  the  cabins  and  plantations  of  another  settlement  of 
Cherokees.  Passing  near  a  wretched  and  neglected  tenement, 
we  observed  a  white  man  who  appeared  to  be  the  occupant, 
and  called  upon  him  to  direct  us  to  the  place,  where,  as  we  had 
been  told,  the  river  could  be  forded.  It  was  not  until  we 
had  repeated  our  request  several  times,  that  he  seemed  dis- 
posed to  give  any  attention.  He  then  approached  at  a  snail's 
pace,  and  sitting  down  upon  the  ground,  drawled  out 
his  direction,  terminating  each  word  with  a  long  and  hearty 
yawn.  The  depression  and  misery,  which  seemed  written 
on  his  features,  and  the  sallowness  of  his  complexion,  con- 
vinced us  that  disease,  as  well  as  native  indolence  had  some 
share  in  occasioning  the  apparent  insolence  he  had  shown, 
and  cured  us  of  any  wish  we  might  have  felt  to  reproach 
him. 

Following  a  winding  pathway,  which  led  through  deep 
tangled  thickets,  and  heavy  cane  brakes,  we  arrived  at  the 
ford,  and  crossing  without  difficulty,  halted  at  the  settlement 
of  Walter  Webber  a  young  chief  of  the  Cherokees.  Here  we 
found  the  gentlemen  of  our  party  who  had  left  the  garrison 
before  us. 

The  chiefs    of  the  Cherokee  nation  had  called  a  grand 


Rocky  Mountains.  269 

council,  to  meet  at  Point  Pleasant,  the  day  after  our  arrival 
there,  to  adopt  measures  to  forward  the  negotiations  for 
peace  with  the  Osages,  with  whom  they  had  been  at  vari- 
ance for  many  years. 

The  origin  of  the  quarrel  existing  between  these  two  pow- 
erful and  warlike  nations,  is  by  some  referred  to  the  period  of 
the  American  Revolution,  when  the  Osages  killed  a  number 
of  refugees,  who  had  fled  to  them  for  protection.  Among 
these  were  some  Cherokees,  some  Indians  of  mixed  breed, 
and  it  is  said  some  Englishmen,  to  whom  the  success  of  the 
American  arms  rendered  unsafe  a  longer  residence  in  the 
country  then  occupied  by  the  Cherokee  nation.  Whether 
the  outrage  thus  alleged  against  the  Osages,  was  in  fact 
committed,  it  is  not  at  this  time  easy  to  determine.  It  ap- 
pears, however,  agreeably  to  the  information  we  have  been 
able  to  collect,  that  of  late  years  the  Cherokees  have,  almost 
uniformly  been  the  aggressors,  while  the  abuses  of  the  Osa- 
ges, so  loudly  complained  of,  both  by  the  Cherokees,  and 
the  whites  have  been  acts  of  ret.tliation.  A  large  number  of 
Cherokees  now  live  on  the  south  side  of  the  Arkansa,  upon 
lands  claimed  by  the  Osages,  and  all  the  Cherokees  of  the 
Arkansa,  are  in  the  habit  of  hunting  and  committing  other 
depredations  on  the  Osage  hunting  grounds. 

In  181.',  the  Cherokees  with  a  number  of  Delaware*, 
Shawnees,  Quapaws,  and  eleven  American  volunteers,  the 
whole  amounting  to  about  six  hundred  men,  made  an  irrup- 
tion into  the  territory  of  the  Osages,  having  previously  ta- 
ken measures  to  quiet  the  suspicions  ot  their  enemies  by  oc- 
casional messages,  professing  a  peaceable  disposition  on  their 
part.  When  they  had  arrived  near  the  village,  they  sent  a 
deputation  to  the  Osages,  concealing  at  the  same  time  their 
numbers,  and  their  hostile  intention,  and  inviting  Clermont, 
the  chief,  to  a  council,  which  they  proposed  to  hold  at  a  lit- 
tle distance  from  the  town.  Clermont  being  absent  on  a 
hunt,  with  the  young  men   of  his  village,  an    old  Indian, 


2^0  Expedition  to  the 

and  one  in  high  standing  with  his  people,  was  appointed  to 
act  in  his  stead,  and  commissioned  to  conclude  a  peace 
with  the  Cherokees,  according  to  the  wish  they  had  ex- 
pressed by  their  messengers.  But  what  was  his  surprise 
when,  on  arriving  at  the  spot,  designated  as  that  at  which 
the  council  was  to  be  held,  instead  of  a  few  chiefs  and  old 
men,  as  had  been  represented,  he  found  himself  surrounded 
by  the  whole  armed  force  of  the  Cherokees.  He  was  seized 
'  and  put  to  death  on  the  spot.  The  design  of  this  act  of  per- 
fidy, had  been  to  effect  the  destruction  of  Clermont  the  bra- 
vest and  most  powerful  of  the  Osages.  The  Cherokees  then 
proceeded  to  the  attack  of  the  town,  where  on  account  oi  the 
absence  of  the  efficient  men  they  encountered  little  resis- 
tance. A  scene  of  outrage  and  bloodshed  ensued,  in  which  the 
eleven  Americans  are  said  to  have  acted  a  conspicuous  and 
a  shameful  part.  They  fired  the  village,  destroyed  the  corn 
and  other  provisions,  of  which  the  Osages  had  raised  a  plen- 
tiful crop,  killed  and  took  prisoners  between  fifty  and  sixty 
persons,  all  old  men,  women,  and  children. 

Four  of  these  prisoners,  who  had  been  since  held  in  captivi- 
ty by  the  Cherokees  east  of  the  Mississippi,  had  been  brought 
to  Point  Pleasant  by  a  MetifF,  called  capt  Rogers,  and  a  con- 
sultation was  now  to  be  held  concerning  the  manner  of  resto- 
ring them  to  the  Osages. 

In  the  winter  of  1817 — 18,  some  of  the  leading  men  of 
both  nations  had  been  summoned  to  a  council  at  St.  Louis, 
by  Gov.  Clark,  for  the  purpose  of  negotiating  a  peace.  By 
the  treaty  then  made,  the  Cherokees  had  agreed  to  re- 
linquish the  prisoners  in  question,  in  consideration  of  which 
they  were  to  be  allowed  the  privilege  of  hunting  in  the  coun- 
try north  of  the  Arkansa,  as  high  as  the  Grand  river,  or  Six 
Bulls,  and  on  the  south  side  as  high  as  they  pleased.  The 
stipulated  surrender  of  the  prisoners  not  having  been  made, 
a  party  of  Osages,  who  were  liunting  on  Red  rivtr,  some 
time  in  the  ensuing  winter  fell  in  with  three  Cherokee  hun- 


Kocky  Mountains.  271 

ters  whom  they  murdered  by  way  of  retaliation.  This  cir- 
cumstance tended  to  widen  the  breach  between  them,  till  at 
length  both  parties  were  resolved  on  war,  which  was  for  the 
present  prevented,  by  the  interference  of  governor  Miller, 
and  by  the  check  imposed  by  the  presence  of  an  armed  force 
at  Belle  Point,  on  the  frontiers  of  the  two  nations.  At  the 
time  of  our  visit,  it  was  hoped  the  influence  of  governor 
Miller  would  effect  the  establishment  of  a  permanent  peace. 
The  first  of  the  ensuing  month,  (October,)  had  been  ap- 
pointed for  the  surrender  of  the  prisoners,  and  governor 
Miller  was  said  to  be  then  on  his  way  to  Belle  Point,  to  en- 
sure the  fulfilment  of  the  conditions  stipulated  between  the 
contending  parties.  The  Osages  were  to  give  up  the  men 
concerned  in  the  murder  on  Red  river,  in  exchange  for  the 
women  and  children  then  prisoners  with  the  Cherokees.* 

The  Cherokees  were  taught  the  culture  of  cotton  many 
years  since  by  governor  Blount  of  North  Carolina,  who  of- 
fered them  a  stipulated  price  for  all  they  would  deliver  at 
the  trading  house.  They  were  for  several  years  paid  regu- 
larly for  their  cotton,  but  the  factor  at  length  refusing  any 
longer  to  receive  it,  they  complained  to  governor  Blount, 
who  advised  them  to  manufacture  it  into  clothing  for  their 
own  use,  which  they  consented  to  do,  on  condition  of 
being  furnished  with  a  person  to  give  the  requisite  instruc- 
tions. They  now  raise  considerable  quantities  of  cotton,  and 
many  of  them  are  comfortably  clad  in  garments  of  their  own 
manufacture. 

The  introduction  of  a  considerable  degree  of  civilization 
among  the  Cherokees,  has  been  attended  with  the  usual  con- 
sequence of  inequality  in  the  distribution  of  property,  and  a 
larger  share  of  the  evils  resulting  from  that  inequality,  than 
are  known  among  untutored  savages.  Encroachments  upon 
the  newly  established   rights  of  exclusive   possession  have 

*  A  treaty  of  peace  was  concluded  between  the  Osages  and  Cherokees 
?it  Belle  Point  in  August,  18'22v    Arkansa  Paper. 


-72  Expedition  to  the 

been  frequent,  and  have  rendered  the  numerous  class  of  the 
poor  among  the  Cherokees,  troublesome  neighbours — both  to 
the  wealthy  of  their  own  nation,  and  to  those  of  the  white 
settlers  in  their  vicinity,  who  have  any  thing  to  lose.  But 
wealth  seldom  finds  itself  destitute  of  the  means  of  protec- 
tion. Three  bands  of  regulators,  or  troops  of  light  horse  as 
they  are  sometimes  called,  are  maintained  among  the  Che- 
rokees, consistmg  each,  of  ten  men  well  armed  and  mount- 
ed, and  invested  with  an  almost  unlimited  authority.* 

A  few  days  previous  to  our  arrival  at  Point  Pleasant,  a 
young  man  had  been  apprehended  by  one  of  these  bands  of 
regulators,  on  suspicion  of  horse  theft.  On  examination, 
the  supposed  delinquent  proved  stubborn  and  refractory, 
whereupon,  the  captain  ordered  the  infliction  of  fifty  lashes, 
and  this  not  seeming  to  produce  the  desired  effect,  an  addi- 
tional fifty  was  commenced,  when  the  culprit  confessed  him- 
self guilty,  and  disclosed  the  whole  transaction  in  which  he 
had  been  concerned. 

We  were  called  upon  for  advice  in  the  case  of  the  Osage 
prisoners,  a  young  woman  and  three  children  labouring  un- 
der an  attack  of  intermitting  fever.  The  young  woman  we 
found  sitting  upon  the  floor  in  a  little  cabin  near  the  trading 
house,  and  crying  bitterly,  not  more  as  we  were  informed, 
on  account  of  ill  health,  than  of  her  reluctance  to  return  to 
the  Osages.  She  had  been  long  among  the  Cherokees  whose 
customs  she  had  adopted,  and  among  whom  she  had  formed 
attachments. 

Tikatok's  village,  which  we  passed  on  the   25th,  is  situa- 

*  I\lr.  John  Rog^ers  a  very  reputable  and  civilized  Cherokee,  told  me 
that  one  of  tlie  regulators  happening^  lo  have  a  relation,  who  had  been  re- 
peatedly guilty  of  theft,  and  finding  him  incorrigible,  he  destroyed  his 
eye-sight  witli  a  penknife,  saying  "  As  long  as  you  can  see  you  will  steal, 
I  will  therefore  prevent  your  thefts  by  the  destruction  of  your  sight." 
NuttalTs  Travels  into  the  Arkansa  Territory,  page  135.,  to  which  work 
the  reader  is  referred  for  an  interesting  sketch  of  the  history,  and  of  the 
present  condition  of  the  (Jherukees.  We  are  unwilling  to  dwell  longer  on 
a  subject  which  has  been  so  frequently  discussed. 


Rocky  Mountains.  273 

ted  on  the  Illinois  Baj^ou  about  seven  miles  above  Point 
Pleasant.  It  consists  of  no  noore  than  five  or  six  cabins,  but 
is  the  residence  of  the  venerable  Tikatok,  who,  since  the 
death  of  Tallantusky  in  1817,  has  been  considered  as  the 
principal  chief  of  this  portion  of  the  Cherokee  nation.  He 
has  been  a  distinguished  benefactor  to  his  people,  and  is  fa- 
miliarly known  by  the  name  of  "  The  Beloved."  The  Che- 
rokees,  who  live  at  and  about  this  village,  and  those  settled 
at  a  distance  from  the  Arkansa,  generally,  are  less  subject  to 
fevers  than  those  who  reside  in  the  river  bottoms.  At  a 
little  distance  above  the  village  we  left  the  Illinois,  and  pro- 
ceeded across  the  wilderness  towards  Little  Red  river  on 
our  route  to  Cape  Girardeau.  Two  or  three  wretched  ca- 
bins only  on  the  whole  route,  and  two  or  three  scattered 
plantations  occupied  by  Cherokees,  occur  in  the  country  be- 
tween Point  Pleasant  and  Little  Red  river,  where  we  arrived 
on  the  28th,  This  river  has  a  deep  rocky  channel,  sixty  or 
one  hundred  yards  in  width  at  the  point  where  we  crossed 
it,  which  is  distant  about  eighty  miles  from  its  confluence 
with  White  river.  It  had  at  this  time  scarcely  a  percepti- 
ble current,  and  in  many  places  might  be  crossed  on  foot 
without  wading.  It  is  however,  like  most  of  the  rivers  of 
this  region,  liable  to  great  and  sudden  floods  which  in  se- 
veral instances,  have  drowned  the  cattle,  and  destroyed  and 
swept  away  the  crops  of  those  who  were  settled  along  its 
banks.  From  the  marks  left  by  the  last  flood  upon  the  banks, 
we  perceived  that  the  range  from  high  to  low  water,  could 
not  be  less  than  sixty  feet. 

From  Stanley's  settlement  on  Little  Red  river,  it  is  about 
thirty- six  miles,  northeast  to  Harding's  ferry  on  White  river. 
Here  are  numerous  settlements  of  whites,  but  notwithstand- 
ing the  country  is  hilly,  and  profusely  irrigated,  with  nume- 
rous rapid  streams,  the  inhabitants  have  almost  without  ex- 
ception, a  sickly  appearance.  Harding's  ferry  is  about  four 
hundred  miles  distant  from   the  confluence   of  White  river 

VOL.  ti.  35 


274  Expedition  to  the 

and  the  Mississippi.     White  river  is  navigable  for  keel  boats 
at  high  water  to  this  place,  and  daringa  considerable  portion  of 
the  year,  they  may  ascend  one  hundred  miles  farther.  It  is  here 
about  three  hundred  yards  wide;  the  water  is  remarkably  clear, 
and  flows  withamoderate  current  over  a  gravelly  or  stony  bed. 
Near  Harding's  ferry  on  the  south  side  of  White  river  is 
the  Chattahoochee  mountain,  of  about  two  thousand  feel  ele- 
vation, somewhat  surpassing  any  other  point  in  its  vicinity. 
The  top  of  this  mountain  marks  the  north-eastern  angle  of  the 
Cherokee  boundary,  as  established  by  general  Jackson's  treaty. 
The  eastern  boundary  of  the  tract  ceded  by   that  treaty  to 
the  Cherokees,  runs  in   a  straight  line  from  the  top  of  the 
Chattahoochee,  to    the  mouth  of  Point  Remove^  or   Eddy 
Point  creek,  which  enters  the  Arkansa  about  30  miles  above 
the  Cadron.     This  line   coincides  nearly   with  the  eastern 
limit  of  the   mountainous  region.     Many  small  portions  of 
valuable  land  are  included  in   the  territory  lately  ceded  to 
the  Cherokees,  but  by   far  the    greater  part  is  mountainous 
and  barren,  and  unfit  for  cultivation. 

White  river  has  its  sources  in  the  Ozark  mountains  near 
the  94th  degree  of  west  longitude,  and  about  the  36th  north 
latitude,  in  the  same  district  from  which  descend  on  the 
southwest  the  Illinois  river  of  Arkansa,  and  on  the  north 
the  Yungar  fork  of  the  Osage.  The  average  direction  of 
its  course  is  nearly  due  east,  parallel  to  the  Arkansa,  cross- 
ing about  four  degrees  of  longitude  to  its  confluence  with 
Black  river,  in  latitude  35*»  15',  then  turning  abruptly  south, 
it  flows  through  one  degree  and  fifteen  minutes  of  latitude 
to  its  bifurcation,  and  the  confluence  of  its  eastern  branch 
with  the  Mississippi  in  34°  north. 

Below  the  point  where  it  receives  the  Black  river  from 
the  north,  and  even  at  the  Chattahoochee  mountains,  near 
one  hundred  miles  above  that  point,  White  river  is  little  in- 
ferior, either  in  the  width  of  its  channel,  or  in  its  volume  of 
water,  to  the  Arkansa  under  the  same  meridian. 


Rocky  Mountains.  27S 

When  we  have  had  occasion  to  mention  among  the  peo- 
ple of  White  river,  that  we  had  crossed  the  Arkansa  at  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  more  than  one  thousand  miles  to  the 
west,  the  question  has  been  repeatedly  put  to  us,  "  Where 
did  you  cross  White  river?"  Those  who  have  known 
only  the  lower  portions  of  both  rivers,  consider  them  as 
nearly  of  equal  length,  and  as  rising  near  each  other,  where- 
as the  entire  extent  of  country  drained  by  White  river  com- 
pared to  that  of  the  Arkansa  is  as  one  to  six  nearly. 

Three  miles  above  its  confluence  with  the  Mississippi, 
White  river  divides  into  two  branches,  the  lesser  of  which, 
turning  off  at  ri^^ht  angles,  flows  southwest  with  a  current 
sometimes  equal  to  three  miles  per  hour,  and  falls  into  the 
Arkansa  at  the  distance  of  four  and  an  half  miles.  It  is 
said  the  current  flows  through  this  communication  alternate- 
ly to  and  from  the  Arkansa,  according  as  the  water  in  that 
river,  is  higher  or  lower  than  in  White  river. 
-  Major  Long  entered  the  Arkansa  through  this  "  cut  ofl"" 
on  the  13th  of  October  1817,  and  it  has  been  passed  more 
recently  by  Mr.  Nuttall*  in  1819.  in  both  these  instances, 
the  current  flowed  from  White  river  towards  the  Arkansa.  The 
moatii  of  that  branch  of  White  river,  which  communicates 
immediately  with  the  Mississippi,  is  situated  fifteen  miles 
above  the  mouth  of  the  Arkansa, f  and  is  about  two  hundred 
yards  wide.  The  current  is  very  gentle,  and  the  water  deep. 
Though  perfectly  transparent,  it  is  of  a  yellowish  colour. 
The  banks  are  low  and  subject  to  periodical  inundations. 
The  soil  near  the  mouth  of  White  river,  is  an  intermixture 
of  clay  and  fine  sand,  the  clay  predominating,  and  the  whole 
of  a  reddish  tinge. 

*  Nuttall's  Travels,  p.  65. 

^  The  confluence  of  White  river  with  the  Mississippi,  has  been  said  to 
be  situated  fifty  miles  above  the  raouth  of  the  Arkansa;  it  has  also  been  as- 
serted that  its  bilurcation  is  at  "about  thirty  miles  above  its  junction  with 
the  Mississippi."  See  Schoolcraft's  view  of  the  Lead  Wines  of  Missouri,  pp. 
248,  253.  There  is,  however,  little  reason  to  fey  r  that  errors  of  this  sort, 
upon  a  subject  so  f.imiliariy  known,  will  obtain  general  currency-  In  the 
same  work  the  length  of  White  river  is  said  to  be  thirteen  hundred  miles. 


276  Expedition  to  the 

Numerous   settlements  have   heretofore  been   formed  on 
the  lands  contiguous  to  White  river;  and  several  in  the  por- 
tion above  the  Chattahoochee  mountain   on  the  south  side; 
but  all  these  lands  having  by  treaty  been  surrendered  to  the 
Cherokces,  many  whites  have  been  compelled  to  withdraw, 
and  leave  their  farms  to  the  Indians.     A  small  portion  only, 
of  the  lands  granted  to  the  Cherokees,  by  the  treaty  is  adapt- 
tedto  the  purposes  of  settlements.  Some  of  the  tributaries  of 
White  river   have  extensive  and    fertile    bottoms,   but  the 
greater  part  of  the  country  watered  by  this  river  is  moun- 
tainous, and  unfit  for  cultivation;   at   M'Neil's  ferry,   where 
the  road  from  Little  Rock  on  the  Arkansa,  to  Davidson ville 
in  Lawrence  county,  crosses  White  river,   the   bottoms  are 
wide  and  as  fertile  as  any  of  those   on  the  Arkansa.     Here 
the  miegia  and  the  pawpaw  attain  their  greatest  perfection, 
and  the  soil  is  found   well  adapted  to  the  culture  of  corn, 
cotton,  and  tobacco.     At  the  point  formed  by  the  confluence 
of  White  and  Black  rivers,  is  a  portion  of  land  of  a  triangu- 
lar form,  and  bounded  by   sides  about  fifteen  miles   in  ex- 
tent, which,  in  the  excellence  of  its  soil,  as  we  were  inform- 
ed by  the  surveyors,   is   surpassed   by  none  in   the  western 
country.     There  are  considerable  portions  of  the  upland  soil 
of*  White  river,  where  the  profuse  supply  of  streams  and 
springs  of  excellent  water,  the   elevation  and   comparative 
healthfulness  of  many   situations,   and   the  vicinity  of  navi- 
gable rivers  and   other  local   advantages,   make  amends  for 
the  want  of  exuberant   fertility  in   the   soil.     The  same  re- 
mark is  applicable   to  the    country   south  of  the    Arkansa, 
where  are  extensive   tracts  of  hilly   and  rocky   soils,  whidi 
seem  admirably  adapted  to  the  culture  of  the  vine   and  the 
olive.     In  every  part  of  the  Ozark  mountains  there  are  val- 
lies,  and  small  portions   of  land  within   the  hills,   having  a 
deep  and  fertile  soil  covered  with  heavy  forests  of  oak,  ash, 
hickory,  and   in   some    places   with   the  sugar   maple,  and 
abounding  in  excellent  water.     The  labor  of  a  few  years. 


Rocky  Mountains.  277 

will  be  sufficient  to  convert  these  tracts  into  productive 
farms,  but  the  inconvenience  resulting  from  the  difficulty  of 
communication  and  access  to  the  different  parts  of  the  coun- 
try, will  for  a  long  time  retard  their  settlement. 

In  several  parts  of  the  Arkansa  territory,  we  were  shown 
dollars  which  were  believed  to  have  been  coined  in  some  of 
the  upper  settlements  of  White  river,  and  it  has  been  cur- 
rently reported,  that  mines  of  silver  exist,  and  are  wrought 
there.  It  appears,  however,  upon  examination,  that  much 
spurious  coin  is  here  in  circulation,  and  it  is  probable  that 
the  White  river  country,  owes  its  present  reputation  for  mi- 
neral wealth,  to  the  successful  labors  of  some  manufacturer 
of  imitation  dollars. 

Since  the  time  of  De  Soto,  it  has  been  confidently  asserted 
by  many  who  have  written  concerning  Louisiana,  that  mines 
of  jTold  and  silver  exist  in  that  part  of  the  country  of  which 
we  are  speaking.  In  an  old  map  by  Du  Pratz,  a  gold  mine 
is  placed  somewhere  near  the  confluence  of  the  Illinois  and 
the  Arkansa,  a  silver  mine  on  the  Merameg,  and  he  says,  "  I 
myself  saw  a  rivulet  whose  waters  rolled  down  gold  dust.* 
We  are  informed  by  Schoolcraft,  that  granite  exists  about 
the  sources  of  the  St.  Francis,  which  are  situated  near  those 
of  White  river,  p.  213.  Of  the  extent  and  character  of  this 
formation  of  granite  we  have  not  yet  been  able  to  form  any 
definite  ideas.  It  is  however  by  no  means  improbable  that  to 
its  plates  of  yellow  and  white  mica  we  are  to  look  for  the 
origin  of  the  fabulous  accounts  of  the  precious  metals  in 
those  regions.  Like  the  country  of  the  gilded  king,  the  El 
Dorado  of  South  America,  it  is  probable  the  gold  and  silver 
mines  of  the  Arkansa  territory  will  recede  before  the  pro- 
gress of  examination,  first  into  the  wildest  and  most  inacces- 

*  "  The  mine  of  Merameg,  which  is  silver,  is  pretty  near  the  conflu- 
ence of  the  river  which  gives  it  name,  which  is  a  great  advantage  to  those 
who  would  work  it,  because  they  might  easily  by  that  means  have  their 
goods  from  Europe.   It  is  situate  about  five  hundred  leagues  from  tbe  sea.' 

Du  Pralz's  Louisiana,  p.  ^^4,  vol.  i. 


278  Expedition  to  the 

sible  parts,  and  at  length,  disappear  entirely.  We  by  no 
means  intend  to  assert  that  the  region  in  question  will  not 
prove  of  immense  importance  on  account  of  its  mineral  trea- 
sures. Valuable  mines  of  lead  and  iron  are  certainly  fre- 
quent in  many  parts  of  it,  and  we  can  assign  no  reason  why 
silver,  and  other  metals  should  not  be  found  in  the  argillite 
with  quartzy  veins,  and  in  the  other  rocks  of  the  transition 
period  which  are  known  to  exist  in  these  mountains.  We  on- 
ly intend  to  give  it  as  our  opinion,  that  there  has  as  yet  been 
no  foundation  in  actual  discovery  for  the  belief  that  such 
mines  do  exist. 

The  bed  of  White  river,  at  the  place  where  we  crossed  it, 
is  paved  with  pebbles  and  fragments  of  a  yellowish- white  pe- 
trosiliceous  stone,  intermixed  with  rounded  masses  of  trans- 
parent quartz,  and  sometimes  with  pieces  of  chalcedony. 
Its  water  is  uncommonly  transparent,  and  this,  with  the 
whiteness  of  its  bed,  and  the  brisk  motion  of  the  current, 
gives  it  an  aspect  of  unusual  beauty.  The  banks  are  high, 
and  in  many  places  not  exposed  to  inundation.  Dense  and 
heavy  forests  of  sycamore  and  cotton-wood  stretch  along  the 
river,  disclosing  here  and  there  at  distant  intervals,  the  soli- 
tary hut,  and  the  circumscribed  clearing-  of  the  recent  set- 
tler. Some,  who  have  been  no  more  than  two  or  three  years 
resident  upon  their  present  farms,  and  who  commenced  in 
the  unbroken  forests,  have  now  abundant  crops  of  corn  and 
pumpkins,  with  large  fields  of  cotton,  which  is  said  to  equal 
in  quality  that  of  the  uplands  of  (ieorgia  and  Carolina. 

Few  attempts  have  hitherto  been  made  to  cultivate  any 
grain  except  Indian  corn,  though  the  soil  is  thought  to  be 
in  many  places  well  adapted  to  wheat,  barley,  oats,  &c. 

The  maize  cultivated  in  the  Arkansa  territory,  and  in  the 
southern  and  western  states  generally,  is  the  variety  called 
the  gourd  seed,  having  a  long  and  compressed  kernel,  shri- 
velled at  the  end  when  fully  ripe,  and  crops  are  not  uncom- 
mon, yielding  from  sixty  to  ninety  bushels  per  acre. 


Rocky  Mountains,  279 

In  all  the  uplands,  the  prevailing  growth  is  oak.  At  the 
time  of  our  journey  the  acorns  were  falling  in  such  (quanti- 
ties, that  the  ground  for  an  extent  of  many  acres  was  often 
seen  almost  covered  with  them-  Many  recent  settlers,  indul- 
ging the  disposition  to  indolence,  which  seizes  upon  almost 
every  man  who  fixes  his  residence  in  these  remote  forests, 
place  as  much  dependence  upon  the  crop  of  mast  as  on  the 
products  of  their  own  industry.  Vast  numbers  of  swine  are 
suffered  to  range  at  large  in  the  forests,  and  in  the  fall  of  the 
year  when  they  have  become  fat  by  feeding  on  the  acorns, 
they  are  hunted  and  killed  like  wild  animals,  affording  to  the 
inhabitants  a  very  important  article  of  subsistence.  It  is  re- 
marked also,  that  the  venison  becomes  fat  somewhat  in  pro- 
portion as  acorns  are  abundant.  Turkies,  which  are  still  vast- 
ly numerous  in  the  settlements  of  White  river,  feed  upon 
them,  but  are  said  to  grow  poor  in  consequence. 

Sweet  potatoes  grow  in  great  perfection  in  many  parts  of 
the  Arkansa  territory,  and  are  but  too  much  cultivated  and 
eaten,  their  constant  use  as  an  article  of  food,  being  liitlc  bene- 
ficial to  health.  The  common,  or  Irish  potatoe^  as  it  is  here 
universally  called,  succeeds  but  indifferently,  and  few  at- 
tempts are  made  to  cultivate  it. 

A  few  of  the  roads  which  traverse  the  country  from  the 
Mississippi  to  the  upper  settlements  of  Red  river  and  the 
Arkansa,  have  been  sufficiently  opened  to  admit  the  pas- 
sage of  waggons.  On  these  are  seen  many  families  migra- 
ting from  Missouri  to  Red  river,  and  from  Red  river  to 
Missouri. 

The  first  settlements  in  the  wildtrness  are  most  common- 
ly made  b)'  persons  to  whom  hardihood  and  adventure  have 
become  confirmed,  and  almost  indispensable  habits,  and  who 
choose  to  depend  upon  the  chase,  and  the  spontaneous  pro- 
ducts of  the  unreclaimed  forest,  rather  than  submit  to  the 
confinement  and  monotony  of  an  agricultural  life.  They  are 
therefore,  of  necessity,  kept  somewhat  in  advance  of  those 


280  Expedition  to  the 

settlers  who  intend  a  permanent  residence  in  the  situations 
they  first  occupy.  Removing  from  place  to  place  with  their 
cattle,  horses,  and  swine,  they  confine  themselves  to  one  spot 
no  longer  than  the  range  continues  to  afford  a  sufficient  sup- 
ply of  the  articles  most  necessary  to  life.  When  the  canes 
are  fed  down  and  destroyed,  and  the  acorns  become  scarce, 
the  small  cornfield,  and  the  rude  cabin  are  abandoned,  and 
the  squatter  goes  in  search  of  a  place  where  all  the  original 
wealth  of  the  forest  is  yet  undiminished.  Here  he  again  builds 
his  hut,  removes  the  trees  from  a  few  acres  of  land,  which  sup- 
ply their  annual  crop  of  corn,  while  the  neighbouring  woods, 
for  an  extent  of  several  miles,  are  used  both  as  pasture  and 
hunting  grounds.  Though  there  is  in  this  way  of  life  an  evi- 
dent tendency  to  bring  men  back  to  a  state  of  barbarism,  we 
have  often  met  among  the  rudest  of  the  squatters  with  much 
hospitality  and  kindness.  Near  White  river,  we  called  at  a 
house  to  purchase  food  for  ourselves,  and  our  horses,  but 
having  no  silver  money  our  request  was  refused,  although 
we  offered  the  notes  of  the  Bank  of  Missouri,  then  in  good 
credit.  In  a  few  miles  we  arrived  at  another  cabin,  where 
we  found  every  member  of  the  numerous  family  sick  with 
the  ague  and  fever,  except  one  young  girl.  But  here  they 
were  willing  to  furnish  every  refreshment  their  house  afford- 
ed. There  were  at  this  time  very  few  houses,  particularly 
in  the  settlements  about  White  river,  which  did  not  exhibit 
scenes  of  suffering  similar  to  those  in  the  one,  of  which  we 
were  now  the  reluctant  guests.  W'^e  have  seen  some  instances, 
where  of  a  family  of  eight  or  ten,  not  a  single  individual 
was  capable  of  attending  to  the  services  of  the  household, 
or  of  administering  to  the  wants  of  his  suffering  relatives. 
In  these  instances,  we  thought  it  better  to  pitch  our  tents  at 
a  little  distance,  and  intrude  ourselves  no  farthe  ,  than  was 
necessary  to  procure  corn,  and  other  indispensable  supplies. 
On  the  evening  of  the  30th  we  halted  at  a  little  rivulet 
called  Bayou  Cura.  The  dwelling  of  our  landlord  consisted, 


Rocky  Mountains.  281 

as  is  commonly  the  case  in  the  new  settlements,  of  a  single 
room,  with  beds  in  two  or  three  of  the  corners.  We  were 
cordially  invited  to  make  use  of  the  beds,  though  it  would 
have  been  at  the  expense  of  rendering  it  necessary  for  our 
host,  his  wife,  and  daughters,  to  sleep  upon  the  floor  of  the 
same  room.  We  accordingly  spread  our  blankets  and  de- 
posited ourselves  around  the  hearth,  while  the  family  occu- 
pied their  usual  stations. 

On  the  first  of  October  we  arrived  at  the  ford  of  Straw- 
berry river,  a  tributary  entering  the  Big  Black  not  far  from 
the  confluence  of  the  latter  with  White  river,  and  about  four- 
teen miles  beyond,  at  the  ford  of  Spring  river,  a  parallel 
stream.  Both  these  are  rapid  and  beautiful  rivers,  possess- 
ing all  the  peculiarities  as  to  the  abundance,  transparency, 
and  purity  of  their  waters,  usually  observed  in  those  rivers 
which  traverse  elevated  and  mniintainoiis  districts.  The 
entire  length  of  Spring  river  is  said  to  be  but  about  one  hun- 
dred and  forty  miles,  yet  in  the  quantity  of  water  which  it 
discharges,  it  more  than  twice  exceeds  the  Canadian,  having 
a  course  of  more  than  nine  hundred  miles.  It  is  said  to  have 
its  principal  source  in  a  spring  of  uncommon  magnitude. 
Spring  river  unites  with  another,  called  Eleven  Point,  near 
the  little  town  of  Davidsonville,  the  seat  of  justice  for  Law- 
rence county,  and  flows  thence  nearly  due  east  two  or  three 
miles,  to  its  junction  with  Big  Black.  The  country  around 
Davidsonville  is  hilly,  having  a  deep  and  fertile  primary 
soil,  and  abounding  in  heavy  forests.  The  sources  of  Eleven 
Point,  we  have  been  told,  are  in  eleven  large  springs,  and 
are  near  those  of  Spring  river. 

To  those  who  have  been  long  accustomed  to  the  thirsty 
regions  of  the  Missouri,  the  Platte,  and  the  upper  Arkansa, 
it  is  somewhat  surprising  to  meet  in  tracts  having  nearly  the 
same  elevation,  and  resting  to  a  great  extent  on  rocks  of  a 
similar  character,  so  great  a  number  of  large  streams  crowd- 
ed into  such  narrow  compass. 

VOL.  II.  36 


282  Expedition  to  the 

Is  it  not  probable  that  a  large  portion  of  the  water  falling 
in  rains  upon  the  extensive  plains  at  the  eastern  side  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains  may  sink  through  the  loose  and  porous 
soil,  till  at  length  meeting  with  some  compact  stratum,  it 
may  be  collected  into  riils,  and  even  considerable  streams, 
which,  descending  through  subterranean  channels  in  the 
direction  of  the  general  inclination  of  the  country,  at  length 
meet  with  the  nucleus  of  the  Ozark  Mountains,  traversing 
the  secondary  strata,  like  a  mineral  dyke,  and  are  consequent- 
ly made  to  appear  in  the  form  of  large  springs?  Whether 
any  cause  of  this  kind  operates  to  supply  the  unusual  profu- 
sion of  water,  with  which  this  hilly  tract  is  irrigated,must 
be   for  others   to  decide.     The  fact  is   an  established  one. 

Black  river  originates  in  an  elevated  part  of  the  Ozark 
Mountains,  between  37°  and  38°  north  latitude,  and  between 
90°  and  Si °  west  longitude.  From  the  same  tract  descend, 
on  the  north,  the  waters  of  the  Merameg,  on  the  northeast 
those  of  Big  river,  on  the  east,  and  south,  those  of  the  St. 
Francis  and  Black  rivers,  and  on  the  west  those  of  the  Osage 
and  the  Gasconade.  By  an  examination  of  the  map  which 
accompanies  this  work  it  will  be  seen  that  the  direction  of 
the  water  courses  clearly  indicates  the  existence  of  an  eleva- 
ted ridge,  running  from  the  confluence  of  the  Missouri  and 
Mississippi,  on  the  northeast  to  the  junction  of  the  Arkansa, 
and  the  Canadian  on  the  southwest.  On  the  north-western 
side  of  this  ridge,  we  observe  the  Osage,  the  Grand  river, 
the  Verdigris,  and  even  the  Arkansa,  inflected  from  that  due 
eastern  course  which  the  tributaries  of  the  Mississippi  and 
Missouri,  on  the  west,  incline  to  pursue;  and  coming  near 
its  base  we  find  the  Illinois  river  of  the  Arkansa,  and  the 
Yungar  fork  of  Osage,  running  in  opposite  directions,  and 
nearly  at  right  angles,  to  the  general  course  of  the  Canadian, 
the  Arkansa,  the  Main  Osage,  and  the  Konzas.  The  Illi- 
nois, and  the  great  eastern  tributary  of  the  Osage  receive 
numerous  streams  from  the  westem  slope   of  the    Ozark 


Hocky  Mountains.  383 

Mountains,  but  they  traverse  a  region  hitherto  very  imper- 
fectly known.  It  appears,  however,  that  these  two  rivers 
drain  all  the  north-western  side  of  the  mountainous  range 
in  question.  Black  river  runs  nearly  parallel,  that  is  from 
northeast  to  southwest,  along  the  south-eastern  side  of  the 
range.  Its  sources  are  in  the  district  of  the  Lead  Mines, 
and  at  no  great  distance  from  those  of  the  Merameg  and  the 
St.  Francis.  Its  course  is  at  first  S.  E.  about  sixty  or  one 
hundred  miles,  then  turning  to  the  southwest,  it  receives  in 
succession  from  the  south-eastern  side  of  the  mountains  the 
Little  Black,  the  Currant,  Thomas'  river  or  fork.  Eleven 
Point,  Spring,  and  Strawberry  rivers,  uniting  at  length  with 
White  river,  in  latitude  35"  15'.  As  far  as  is  hitherto  known 
it  receives  no  considerable  tributary  from  the  east.  About 
the  sources  of  Black  river  reside  the  Peola  or  Peoria  In- 
dians, who  are  said  to  number  about  fifty  warriors.  Parallel 
to  this  river,  and  from  twenty  to  sixty  miles  distant,  on  the 
east,  is  the  St.  Francis,  a  larger  river,  but  one  in  many  re- 
spects resembling  Black  river.  It  rises  in  the  highlands 
about  one  hundred  miles  to  the  westward  of  St.  Genevieve,  in 
Missouri,  and  receiving  before  it  leaves  the  hills  Bear  creek, 
Castor,  White  water,  and  numerous  other  streams,  it  de- 
scends toward  the  southeast,  soon  entering  the  extensive 
swamp  which  stretches  from  New  Madrid,  onthe  Mississip- 
pi, along  the  base  of  the  mountains  to  the  Arkansa.  We  have 
been  informed,  by  some  of  the  inhabitants  of  the  counties  of 
Cape  Girardeau  and  Madison,  that  in  this  swamp  the  St. 
Francis  is  so  much  obstructed  with  rafts,  and  so  lost  among 
islands,,  that  its  course  can  with  difficulty  be  traced.  It  is 
well  known  that  in  the  lower  part  of  its  course  it  is  so  ob- 
structed by  a  large  raft  as  not  to  admit  the  passage  of  the 
smallest  boats.  Its  confluence  with  the  Mississippi  is  about 
three  hundred  and  five  miles  below  the  Ohio,  and  eighty 
above  the  mouth  of  VVhite  river.  Running  parallel,  both  to 
the  Mississippi  and  White  river,  and  at  no  great  distance- 


284  Expedition  to  the 

from  either,  the  St.  Francis  can  have  no  very  large  tributa- 
ries; indeed  we  know  of  none,  on  either  side,  which  deserve 
the  name  of  rivers.  We  have  no  very  definite  information 
respecting  the  great  swamp  in  which  the  St.  Francis  is  said 
to  lose  itself  soon  after  leaving  the  hills.  The  accounts  of 
the  hunters,  and  of  some  settlers,  who  have  seen  it,  agree  in 
representing  it  as  almost  impassable,  covered  with  heavy 
forests  of  cypress,  and  wholly  unfit  to  become  the  residence 
of  men.  This  swamp,  and  the  country  about  the  sources  of 
Black  river  and  the  St.  Francis,  appear  to  be  near  the  centre 
of  the  region  so  powerfully  affected  by  earthquakes  in  the 
year  1811.  The  fertile  lands  on  the  upper  branches  of  the 
St.  Francis  are  not  very  extensive,  and  are  all  more  or  less 
subject  to  inundation,  by  the  sudden  overflowing  of  the 
streams.  On  this  account  they  cannot  be  considered  as  of 
great  value  for  agriculture,  but  the  wealth  which  this  region 
possesses  in  its  mines  renders  it  one  of  the  most  important 
parts  of  the  Mississippi  valley. 

On  the  8th  we  arrived  at  Jackson,  the  seat  of  justice  for 
the  county  of  Cape  Girardeau,  and  after  St.  Louis  and  St. 
Charles,  one  of  the  largest  towns  in  Missouri.  It  lies  about 
eleven  or  twelve  miles  northwest  of  the  old  town  of  Cape 
Girardeau  on  the  Mississippi,  and  is  surrounded  by  a  hilly 
and  fertile  tract  of  country,  at  this  time  rapidly  increasing 
in  wealth  and  population.  Jackson  is  what  is  called  a  thriving- 
village^  and  contains  at  present  more  than  fifty  houses,  which 
though  built  of  logs  seem  to.  aspire  to  a  degree  of  importance 
unknown  to  the  humble  dwellings  of  the  scattered  and  soli- 
tary settlers,  assuming  an  appearance  of  consequence  and 
superiority  similar  to  that  we  immediately  distinguished  in 
the  appearance  and  manners  of  the  people.  Our  horses  hav- 
ing never  been  accustomed  to  such  displays  of  magnificence 
signified  great  reluctance  to  enter  the  village.  Whips  and 
heels  were  exercised  with  unusual  animation,  but  in  a  great 
measure  without  effect,  until  we  dismounted,  when  by  dint 


Rocky  Mountains^  285 

of  coaxing,   pushing,  kicking,   and   whipping,  we  at  length 
urged  our  clownibh  animals  up  to  the  door  of  the  inn. 

Fifteen  miles  north  of  Jackson,  on  a  little  stream  called 
Apple  creek,  reside  about  four  hundred  Indians,  mostly 
Deiawares  and  Shawnees.  At  the  time  of  our  visit,  the  head 
of  a  Shawnee,  who  had  been  concerned  in  the  murder  of  a 
white  woman,  was  seen  elevated  on  a  pole  by  the  side  of  the 
road  leading  from  Jackson  to  the  Indian  settlement  of  Apple 
creek.  It  was  related  to  us,  that  the  crime,  for  which  this 
punishment  had  been  inflicted,  was  committed  at  the  instiga- 
tion of  a  white  man.  The  murderer  was  demanded  of  the 
Shawnees  by  the  people  of  Jackson,  and  being  at  length  dis- 
covered by  the  Indians,  and  refusing  to  surrender  himself, 
he  was  shot  by  his  own  people,  and  his  head  delivered  up 
agreeably  to  the  demand. 

It  is  painful  to  witness  the  degradation  and  depression  of 
a  people  once  powerful  and  independent,  still  more  so  to  see 
them  submitting  to  the  wanton  and  needless  cruelties  of  their 
oppressors.  VVe  have  not  been  informed  by  what  authority 
the  punishment,  above  mentioned,  was  inflicted  upon  a  whole 
community  for  the  crime  of  one  of  its  members,  and  we  are 
sorry  to  have  occasion  to  record  a  circumstance  so  little 
honourable  to  the  people  of  Missouri. 

A  miserable  remnant  of  the  Shawnee,  Delaware,  and 
Peola  tribes,  with  a  few  Chickasaws,  and  Cherokees,  were 
at  this  time  scattered  through  the  country,  from  the  Missis- 
sippi, at  the  mouth  of  Apple  Creek,  westward,  to  the  sour- 
ces of  Black  river.  They  were,  however,  soon  to  remove 
farther  west,  and  many  of  them  were  already  on  their  way 
to  the  country  about  the  upper  branches  of  White  river,  where, 
by  becoming  intruders  upon  the  territories  of  the  Cherokees, 
it  may  be  expected  that  their  speedy  and  entire  extinction 
will  be  insured. 

The  road  from  White  river  joins  that  from  the  upper  set- 
tlements on  the  St.  Francis,  at  some  distance  beyond  Jackson. 


286  Expedition^  &V. 

Castor  and  White  Water  are  two  beautiful  streams,  travers- 
ing the  country  west  of  Jackson.  They  run  towards  the 
south,  and  soon  after  their  confluence,  enter  the  great  swamp 
through  which  they  find  their  way  to  the  St.  Francis. 

The  district  of  the  Lead  Mines,  situate  near  the  sources 
of  the  Merameg,  the  Gasconade,  and  the  St.  Francis,  has 
been  repeatedly  described.  The  best  accounts  of  it  are  in  the 
works  of  Bradbury,  Brackenridge,  Stoddart,  and  School- 
craft.* To  those  accounts  we  have  to  add  a  few  observations 
respecting  the  rocks  and  soils  of  the  region,  a  considerable 
part  of  which  we  have  seen,  and  examined  as  attentively  as 
circumstances  would  admit.  But  as  discussions  of  this  kind 
have  little  interest  for  the  general  reader,  we  propose  to  give 
a  place  in  the  sequel  to  such  remarks  as  we  have  had  the 
opportunity  to  make,  connected  with  the  mineralogy  of  this 
interesting  region. 

*  Bradbury's  Travels  in  the  interior  of  America,  p.  258.  2nd  Edition; 
Brackenridge's  Views  of  Louisiana,  p.  256.  Baltimore  edition;  Stoddart's 
Sketchesof  Louisiana,  p.  390.  Schoolcraft's  View  of  the  Lead  Mines  of 
Missouri,  pasnm;  but  the  details  of  mineralogy  and  geology  in  those 
works,  appear  to  us  deficient  in  accuracy. 


CHAPTER  XVII. 

Hot  Springs  of  the  Washtta — Red  river — Exploring  Expe- 
dition of  1806 — Arrival  at  Cape  Girardeau — Dissotution 
of  the  party. 

We  must  now  return,  to  give  a  hasty  account  of  an  ex- 
cursion from  Point  Pleasant,  in  the  country  of  the  Chero- 
kees,  to  the  Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita. 

On  the  morning  of  the  25th  our  little  party,  consisting  of 
Captain  Kearney,  Lieutenant  Swift,  and  myself,  having  ta- 
ken leave  of  our  companions,  recrossed  the  Arkansa  from 
Webber's,  and  proceeded  on  our  journey  without  a  guide. 

Having  mistaken  the  route  we  had  been  directed  to  fol- 
low, we  were  bewildered  during  a  considerable  part  of  the 
dav,  wandering  about  through  a  fertile  country  without 
settlements,  and  covered  with  dense  forests. 

Towards  evening  we  arrived  at  a  settlement  of  Chero- 
kees,  where  we  engaged  a  guide  to  conduct  us  to  the  trace 
leading  to  the  Springs,  For  this  service  we  paid  him  two 
dollars.  We  encamped  in  an  cpen  forest  of  oak,  where  we 
found  a  sufficient  supply  of  grass  for  our  horses.  The  next 
day  we  commenced  our  ride  at  an  early  hour,  our  route 
lying  nearly  due  south,  at  right  angles  to  the  general  direc- 
tion of  the  Arkansa.  As  we  receded  from  the  river  we  found 
the  country  to  become  broken  and  rocky,  but  no  part  ot  it 
higly  elevated.  The  hills  range  from  N.  E.  to  S.  W.;  their 
sides  are  sometimes  nearly  naked,  but  more  commonly  cov- 
ered with  small  and  scattered  trees.  Several  kinds  of  oak, 
and  the  Chinquapin  (Castanea  pumila.  Ph.)  attaining  the 
dimensions  of  a  tree,  are  met  with  in  the  sandstone  tracts 


288  Expedition  to  the 

We  distinguish  here  in  the  uplands  two  varieties  of  soil. 
That  just  mentioned,  based  upon  a  compact,  hard  sandstone, 
and  bearing  forests  of  oakj  and  another  resting  upon  a  white 
petrosilicious  rock,  with  fragments  of  which  it  is  much  in- 
termixed. This  latter  is  often  covered  with  pine  forests.  The 
most  common  species,  the  yellow  pine  (P.  resinosd)  attains 
unusual  magnitude;  the  P.  rigida  and  some  other  species 
occur,  but  are  not  frequent.  We  also  observed  several  spe- 
cies of  vaccinium,  the  Mitchilla,  the  Kalmia  latifolia^  Hama- 
melis  virginica?  Cunila  mariana,  and  many  other  plants 
common  to  this  region,  and  the  Alleghany  mountains. 

No  settlements  occur  betweeen  those  of  the  Cherokees, 
about  Dardeaai  Eye,  on  the  Arkansa,  and  the  Hot  Springs. 
The  blind  path,  which  we  followed,  traverses  a  rugged  and 
mountainous  region,  having  considerable  resemblance,  except 
in  the  want  of  parallelism  in  the  ranges,  to  the  sandstone 
portions  of  the  Alleghanies.  As  the  weather  was  rainy  we 
felt  some  inconvenience  from  encamping  without  tents. 

On  the  28th  we  arrived  at  the  Hot  Springs.  The  country 
near  these,  on  the  north  and  northwest,  is  high  and  rocky. 
The  sandstone,  which  extends  from  the  Arkansa  to  within  a 
few  miles  of  the  Springs,  becomes,  toward  the  south,  some- 
thing inclined,  and  apparently  of  more  ancient  deposition,  until 
it  is  succeeded  by  a  highly  inclined  argillite.  Both  these  rocks 
are  traversed  by  large  veins  of  white  quartz.  Their  inclina- 
tion is  towards  the  south,  and  that  of  the  argillite  at  a 
great  angle.  In  some  localities  it  is  but  indistinctly  slaty  in 
its  structure,  and  its  laminae  are  nearly  perpendicular.  It 
contains  extensive  beds  of  a  yellowish-white,  silicious  stone, 
often  somewhat  translucent,  and  resembling  some  varieties 
of  hornstone.  Its  fracture  is  a  little  splintery,  and  sometimes 
largely  conchoidal.  It  is  of  a  close  texture,  but  the  recent 
surface  is  generally  destitute  of  lustre.  This  rock  affords  the 
stones  called  Washita  oil  stones.  It  may  with  propriety  be 
denominated  petrosilex.     This  name  is,  however,  to  be  un- 


Rocky  Mountains.  289 

derstood  as  having  the  application  given  it  by  Kirwan,  who 
uses  it  to  designate  the  fusible  varieties  of  the  hornstone  of 
Werner,  and  not  the  several  varieties  of  compact  feldspar, 
to  which  it  has  been  sometimes  applied.  In  passing  from 
the  Hot  Springs,  northeast  to  the  Lead  Mine  country,  about 
the  sources  of  the  Merameg,  this  rock  is  found  to  be  inti- 
mately connected,  and  to  pass  by  minute  and  imperceptible 
gradations  into  the  flint  rock  of  that  district,  which  is  deci- 
dedly secondary,  and  of  contemporaneous  origin  with  the 
compact  limestone.  About  the  Hot  Springs,  it  is  not  distinct- 
ly stratified,  but  occurs  in  very  extensive  masses,  sometimes 
forminer  the  body  of  large  hills,  and  is  marked  by  perpen- 
dicular seams  and  fissures,  often  placed  very  near  each 
other. 

The  Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita  are  in  north  latitude  34° 
31'  and  west  longitude,  92^  50'  45"*  near  the  base  of  the 
south  eastern  slope  of  the  Ozark  mountains,  and  six  miles 
north  of  the  Washita.  They  have  been  erroneously  repre- 
sented as  the  principal  sources  of  that  river,  which  are  more 
than  one  hundred  miles  distant. 

We  have  been  informed,  that  these  remarkable  springs 
were  unknown  even  to  the  American  hunters,  until  the  year 
1779.  At  that  time,  it  is  said,  that  there  was  but  one  spring 
discharging  heated  water.  This  is  described  as  a  circular 
orifice,  about  six  inches  in  diameter,  pouring  out  a  stream  of 
water  of  the  same  size,  from  the  side  of  a  perpendicular 
clifl,  about  eight  feet  from  its  base.  At  another  place,  near 
the  top  of  the  mountain,  which  rises  abruptly  towards  the 
east,  the  heated  water  is  said  to  have  made  its  appearance 
near  the  surface  of  the  ground,  in  a  slate  of  ebullition,  and  to 
have  sunk  and  disap'peared  again  upon  the  same  spot.  It  is 
probable  these  representations  are  in  a  great  measure  fabu- 
lous. All  we  are  to  understand  by  them,  is,  that  the  gradual 

*  Hunter  and  Dunbar- 
VOL.  II.  37 


290  Expedition  to  the 

augmentation  of  the  thermal  rocks,  which  are  constantly 
forming  about  the  springs,  has  changed  the  position,  and 
perhaps   increased  the  number  of  the  orifices. 

These  springs  were  visited  by  Hunter  and  Dunbar  in  1804, 
and  the  information  communicated  by  them,  as  well  as  much 
derived  from  other  sources,  together  with  an  analysis  of  the 
waters,  has  been  placed  before  the  public  by  Dr.  Mitchell.* 
They  have  been  subsequently  examined  by  Major  Long,  in 
1818,  from  whose  notes  we  derive  the  greater  part  of  the 
information  we  have  to  communicate  respecting  them.  They 
are  about  seventy  in  number,  and  rise  at  the  bottom,  and 
along  one  side  of  a  narrow  ravine,  separating  two  conside- 
rable hills  of  clay  slate.  A  small  creek  enters  the  ravine 
from  the  north  by  two  branches,  one  from  the  northwest, 
and  the  other  from  the  northeast,  flowing  after  their  union, 
nearly  due  south,  and  blending  with  the  water  of  the  springs, 
increasing  rapidly  in  size,  and  acquiring  so  high  a  tempe- 
rature, that  at  the  time  of  our  visit  the  hand  could  not  be 
borne  immersed  in  it.  After  traversing  from  north  to  south, 
the  narrow  valley  containing  the  springs,  this  creek  meanders 
away  to  the  southeast,  and  enters  the  Washita  at  the  dis- 
tance of  eight  or  ten  miles.  All  the  springs  are  within  six 
hundred  yards  below  the  junction  of  the  two  brooks,  and 
all  except  one,  on  the  east  side  of  the  creek. 

We  subjoin  some  particulars  observed  by  Major  Long  at 
the  time  of  his  visit  in  1818.f  During  the  winter,  the  steam 
which  rises  from  the  springs  is  condensed  to  a  white  vapour, 
which  is  often  visible  at  a  great  distance. 

The  water  is  limpid  and  colourless,  and  destitute,  when 
cooled  of  either  taste  or  smell,  and  according  to  the  analysis 
of  Dr.  Mitchell  purer  than  ordinary  spring  water.  It  how- 

*  See  the  New  York  iVTedical  Repository. 

f  On  the  first  of  January,  1818,  the  thermometer  in  the  air,  at  sunrise, 
stood  at  24o,  at  2.  P.  M.,  49°,  at  sunset,  41°. 

Immersed  in  the  water  of  the  creek,  below  the  Springs,  at  61°,  above 
46». 


Rocky  Mountains.  291 

ever  deposites,  as  it  comes  in  contact  with  the  air,  a  copious 
sediment  which  has  gradually  accumulated  until  it  has  be- 
come an  independent  rock  formation  of  considerable  extent. 
This  rock  appears  to  consist  of  flint,  lime,  and  a  little  oxide 
of  iron.     It  is  often  of  a  porous  or  vessicular   texture,  and 

Temperature  in  Spring-,  No.   1.  being-  the  lowermost  on  Ihe  creek,  122°. 
Water  discharged;  4  gallons  per  minute. 
"  No.  2.    A  few  feet  from  No.  1.   104",  discharging 

1  gallon  per  minute. 

<'  No.  3.   Twenty-five  yards  from  the  last,  106",  dis- 

charging 2  gallons  per  minute. 
*'  No.  4.    Six  yards  above  the  last,  126°,  discharges 

2  gallons  per  miuute. 

"  Of  a  spring  issuing  from  the  ground,  at  a  conside- 

rable distance  up  the  side  of  the  hill,  64°. 

"  Nos.  5,  6,  and  7,  126°,  94",  92*^  These  rise  very  near 

each  other,  the  warmest  being  more  elevated  than 
the  rest.  They  discharge  about  8  gallons  per  mi- 
nute. 

"  No.  8.    Issuing  from  the  ground,  fifty  feet  above  the 

level  of  the  creek,  uniting,  as  it  rises  with  another, 
at  54°.  Temperature  of  the  mixture,  128°.  Dis- 
charge of  the  two,  ten  gallons  per  minute. 

"  No.  9.    Rising  in  the  point  of  a  small  spur,  sixty 

feet  above  the  level  of  the  creek,  132°.  Discharges 
two  gallons. 

"  No.  10.  Forty  feet  above  the  creek,  151°.  Discharges 

ten  gallons.  Green  bushes  in  the  edge  of  this, 
which  is  the  hottest  spring. 

"  No.    11.    Three  feet  above  the   Creek,   148°,  dis- 

charging twelve  gallons. 

"  No.    12.    Thirty   yards  above  the  last,  132°.    Dis- 

charging twenty  gallons. 

"  Nos.  13,  14,  15,  Near  the  last;  124,  119,  108°-  Dis- 

charging 4  gallons  each. 

««  No.  16.  do  122°.  Discharging  3  gallons, 

"  No.  17.  The  uppermost  on  the  creek,  126°. 

"  Nos.  18.    126",  19,  128°,   20,  130",  21,  ISB'*,  22, 

140°. 

All  these  are  large  springs,  and  rise  at  an  elevation  of  at  least  one  hun- 
dred feet  above  the  creek.  In  the  same  area  are  several  others,  and  what 
is  more  remarkable,  several  cold  ones.  In  many  of  the  hot  springs  I  ob- 
served bubbles  rising  in  rapid  succession,  but  could  not  discover  any  per- 
ceptible smell  from  them.  Not  only  confervas  and  other  vegetables  grow 
in  and  about  the  hottest  springs,  but  great  numbers  of  little  insects  are 
seen  constantly  spoiling  about  the  bottom  and  sides. 

The  entire  quantity  of  water  flowing  in  the  Creek,  after  it  receives  the 
water  of  the  Hot  Springs,  may  be  estimated  at  from  900  to  1 000  gal- 
lons per  minute. 


292  Expedition  to  the 

the  amygdaloidal  cavities  are  sometimes  empty,  and  some- 
times contain  very  delicate  stalactites.  Hsematitic  iron  ore  oc- 
curs disseminated  in  every  part;  also  extensive  caverns  some- 
times filled  with  a  bright  red  metallic  oxide.  Dr.  Wilson, 
who  has  been  some  time  resident  at  the  springs,  informed 
us,  that  the  continued  use  of  the  water  occasions  salivation, 
from  which  it  has  been  commonly  inferred  that  it  contains 
mercury  in  solution. 

The  time  of  our  visit  to  the  springs  being  one  of  very  un- 
usual drought,  the  quantity  of  water  was  somewhat  less,  and 
the  temperature  higher  than  ordinary.  The  time  required  to 
boil  eggs  as  much  as  they  usually  are  for  the  table,  was  fif- 
teen minutes.  In  the  same  time,  a  strong  cup  of  coffee  was 
made,  by  immersing  our  kettle  in  one  of  the  springs. 

A  number  of  baths  have  been  made,  by  forming  excava- 
tions in  the  rock,  into  which  the  hot  water  is  constantly 
flowing.  By  cutting  off,  or  increasing  the  supply,  the  tem- 
perature can  be  regulated  at  pleasure.  Over  some  of  these 
are  built  small  log  cabins,  and  in  the  neighbourhood  are 
twenty  or  thirty  huts,  occupied  at  some  seasons  of"  the  year 
by  persons  who  resort  hither  for  the  benefit  of  the  waters. 
Three  miles  northeast  from  the  Hot  Springs  is  a  large 
fountain  of  water  of  the  ordinary  temperature,  forming  the 
source  of  the  small  stream  already  mentioned,  as  flowing 
down  from  that  direction.  It  rises  from  the  summit  of  a  lit- 
tle knoll  six  or  eight  feet  in  diameter,  and  divides  into  two 
streams,  one  of  which  flows  towards  the  east,  the  other  to- 
wa>^ds  the  west.  Both,  however,  unite  at  the  base  of  the 
knoll,  and  the  brook  flows  thence  southwest,  between  two 
petrosilicious  hills,  to  its  confluence  with  another  from  the 
northwest,  to  form  the  Hot  Spring  creek.  The  quantity  of 
water  discharged  by  this  spring  can  scarcely  be  less  than 
from  eighty  to  one  hundred  gallons  per  minute.  Immediate- 
ly on  the  south  rises  a  considerable  hill,  and  the  elevation  of 
the  spring  itself,  above  the  level  of  the  highest  of  the  ther- 


Rocky  Mountains,  293 

mal  springs  is  thought  to  be  not  less  than  one  hundred  and 
fifty   feet,     i'he  water  is  transparent,  but  has  a  perceptible 
metallic  taste,  and   deposites  upon  the  stones  over  which  it 
flows  a  copious,  rust-like  sediment.    The  Spring  is  known  in 
the  neighbouring  settlements  as  the  "  poison  spring,"  a  name 
which  we  were  told  it  had  received  from  the  following  cir- 
cumstance, said  to  have  taken  place  many  years  since.     A 
hunter,   who  had  been  pursuing  a   bear,  and  was  much  ex- 
hausted with  heat  and    fatigue,  arrived    at  this    spring  in 
the  middle  of  the  day,  and  finding  the  water  cool  and  not  un- 
pleasant to  the   taste,  he  drank  freely  of  it,  but  immediately 
afterward    sickened,  and  died.     His  death   was  occ^Moned, 
probably,  not  by  f»ny  deleterious  quality  in  the  water,  but  by 
the   disease   commonly   induced  by  drinking  too  largely  of 
cold  water  when  the  body  is  heated.  The  neighbouring  inha- 
bitants, however,  imputed  the  hunter's  death  to  some  sup- 
posed  poisonous    property   in  the  spring.     Not  long  after- 
wards, a   discontented    invalid  residing  at  the  Hot  Springs, 
came  to  a  resolution  of  putting  a  period  to  his  own  life.  This 
he   concluded    to  bring   about  by  drinking  the  water  of  the 
Poison   Spring.     He  accordingly  repaired  to   it,   and  after 
drinking  as  much  as  he  was  able,  filled  his  bottle,  and  return- 
ed home.     Instead   of  dying,  as  he  had  expected,  he  found 
himself  much  benefited   by  his  potation.     Notwithstanding 
this  discovery  of  the  sanative  quality  of  the  water,  the  spring 
still  retained  its  former  name;  it  is  now  used  without  appre- 
hension, aad  is  much  resorted   to  by  people  who  visit  the 
Hot  Springs. 

About  tivo  miles  to  the  northeast  of  this  spring,  a  little  to 
the  left  of  the  road  leading  to  the  settlement  of  Dardenai,  is 
the  principal  quarry  from  which  the  Washita  oilstones  are 
procured.  It  is  near  the  summit  of  a  high  and  steep  hill, 
composed  of  the  petrosiliceous  rock  already  mentioned.  1  he 
oil  stones  are  found  in  the  perpendicular  seams  or  fissures  of 
the  rock,  from  which  they  are  detached  with  little  difficulty, 


S!94  Expedition  to  the 

having  as  they  are  dug  from  the  quarry,  nearly  the  requisite 
shape  and  size.  They  are  then  carried  by  hand,  or  thrown 
to  the  foot  of  the  precipice,  whence  is  an  easy  transportation 
of  ten  or  twelve  miles  to  the  Washita.  By  this  river  they 
descend  to  New  Orleans,  and  some  have  been  carried  thence 
to  New  York,  where  they  are  known  as  the  Missouri  oil' 
stones.  These  stones  are  said  not  to  be  inferior  in  quality 
to  the  oilstones  from  Turkey. 

In  the  immediate  neighbourhood  of  the  Hot  Springs,  we 
observed  a  number  of  interesting  plants.  The  American 
holly,  [Ilex  opaca^  is  frequent  in  the  narrow  vallies  within 
the  naountains.  The  leaves  of  another  species  of  Ilex,  [I. 
cassine^  the  celebrated  Cassine  Tatipon,']  which  grows  about 
the  Springs,  are  there  used  as  a  substitute  for  tea. 

The  Angelica  tree,  [[Aralia  spinosa^  Ph.]  is  common  along 
the  banks  of  the  cr^ek,  rising  to  the  height  of  twelve  to  fif- 
teen feet,  and  bending  beneath  its  heavy  clusters  of  purple 
fruit.  The  Pteris  atropurpurea,  Asplenium  melanocaulon, 
A.  ebenum,  and  other  ferns  are  found  adhering  to  the  rocks. 
In  the  open  pine  woods  the  Gerrardia  j&e'c^iwa^a,  considered 
as  a  variety  of  G.  pedicularia,  is  one  of  the  most  conspicuous 
objects. 

The  sources  of  the  Washita,  are  in  a  high  and  broken 
part  of  the  Ozark  Mountains  in  north  latitude  34°  15', 
and  between  93  and  94°  west  longitude,  and  sixty  or  an 
hundred  miles  southwest  of  the  settlement  of  Cadron  on  the 
Arkansa.  From  the  same  mountainous  district,  descend  to- 
wards the  northeast  the  Petit  Jean,  and  Le  Feve,  tributa- 
ries to  the  Arkansa;  on  the  northwest  the  upper  branches  of 
the  Poteau,  on  the  southwest  the  Kiamesha,  and  on  the 
southeast  the  Mountain,  Cossetot,  Rolling,  and  other  streams 
discharging  into  the  Little  river  of  Red  river.  The  principal 
source  of  the  Washata  is  said  to  lie  very  near  that  of  the 
Fourche  Le  Feve,  and  to  descend  towards  the  west  from 
the  same  hill,  out  of  which  flow  the  upper  branches  of  the 


Rocky  Mountains.  295 

Le  Feve  towards  the  east.  These  particulars  are,  however, 
of  little  importance  except  as  serving  to  illustrate  the  cha- 
racter of  that  portion  of  the  country.  The  whole  region  is 
strictly  mountainous,  and  its  numerous  streams  are  rapid 
and  serpentine,  winding  their  way  among  abrupt  and  craggy 
hills,  so  thinly  covered  with  pine  and  post  oak,  that  the  so- 
ber gray  of  the  sandstone,  is  often  the  prevailing  colour  of 
the  landscape.  The  hills  at  the  sources  of  the  Poteau  and 
the  Kiamesha  abound  in  clay  slate,  and  a  slaty  petrosilex 
destitute  of  organic  remains.* 

It  is  remarked  by  the  hunters,  that  the  most  remote  and 
elevated  sources  of  all  the  rivers  of  this  region,  are  in,  or 
near,  extensive  woodless  plains.  As  far  as  this  is  the  case, 
it  would  seem  to  prove  that  the  existing  inequalities  of  the 
surface,  have  been  produced  almost  entirely  by  the  cur- 
rents of  water  wearing  down,  and  removing  continuous  por- 
tions of  the  horizontally  stratified  rocks.  In  districts  where 
secondary  rocks  only  are  found,  as  in  the  country  of  the 
Ohio,  there  appears  little  difficulty  in  attributing  this  origin 
to  all  the  hills,  and  even  in  the  mountainous  tract  under  con- 
sideration as  the  most  recent  rocks,  and  those  of  horizontal 
stratification,  occupy  the  highest  portions  of  the  hills,  we 
may  perhaps  be  allowed  to  suppose,  they  formerly  covered 
a  much  greater  extent  of  country  than  at  present,  overlaying 
those  portions  of  rocks  of  more  ancient  deposition,  which 
now  appear  upon  the  declivities  of  the  mountains.  It  can- 
not escape  the  remark  of  any  person,  who  shall  visit  the 
range  of  country  which  we  call  the  Ozark  mountains,  that 
the  direction  of  the  ridges  (particularly  of  those  where  sand- 
stone is  the  prevailing  rock,)  conforms  to  the  course  of  the 
principal  streams.  None  of  the  tributaries  to  the  Washita 
above  the  Hot  Springs,  have  hitherto  been  explored.  The 
Little  Missouri  and  the   Fourche  au  Cado,  enter  it  in  suc- 

*Nuttairs  Travels,  p.  150 


296  Expedition  to  the 

cession  from  the  west,  in  the  course  of  a  considerable  bend 
which  it  makes  to  the  south,  after  receiving  the  waters  of 
Hot  Spring  creek.  These  two  streams  are  mostly  in  a 
mountainous  country,  though  some  fertile  lands,  and  some 
settlements  occur  on  each.  On  the  Little  Missouri,  Hun- 
ter and  Dunbar,  found  the  maclura,  a  tree  confined  to  fertile 
soils.  The  first  considerable  stream  entering  the  Washita 
from  the  north  is  the  Saline,  rising  in  three  principal  branch- 
es, twenty  or  thirty  miles  northwest  of  the  Hot  Springs. 
The  road  from  Dardenai  to  the  Springs,  crosses  these 
streams  near  their  sources  in  an  extremely  rugged  and  moun- 
tainous region.  The  Saline,  like  the  Washita  itself  in  this 
part,  and  the  other  tributaries  already  enumerated,  is  liable 
to  great  and  sudden  floods,  and  also  to  great  depression  in 
seasons  of  drought.  Originating  in  a  mountainous  tract, 
and  in  the  continuation  of  the  range  so  profusely  supplied 
with  springs  in  the  country  about  the  sources  of  White  river, 
we  might  expect  the  Washita  would  be  fed  by  numerous 
and  unfailing  fountams.  It  appears,  however,  to  derive  the 
greater  part  of  its  supplies  from  the  water  of  rains,  and  cohse- 
quently  to  rise  and  fall  according  to  the  time  of  year,  and 
the  state  of  the  weather.  At  the  point  where  Major  Long 
crossed  it  on  the  31st  December  1817,  six  miles  southwest 
of  the  Hot  Springs,  the  river  was  one  hundred  and  fifty 
yards  wide,  about  four  feet  deep,  and  running  with  a  rapid 
current. 

In  the  latter  part  of  October  1820,  at  the  time  of  our  jour- 
ney, the  Washita  at  Keisler's  settlement,  about  fifteen  miles 
below  the  springs,  was  something  less  than  one  hundred 
yards  in  width,  flowing  in  a  deep  and  unequal  ch;mnel  over 
abed  of  clay  slate.  The  vvater  is  here  ten  or  fifteen  feet 
deep  in  many  places,  and  the  current  scarce  perceptible.  As 
we  looked  down  upon  the  river  from  the  elevated  banks,  it 
appeared  like  a  quiet  lake,  and  the  unusual  blackness  of  che 
waters  suggested  the  idea  of  its  great  depth.     Little  groups 


Rocky  Mountains.  297 

of  naked  rocky  islands  were  disclosed  here  and  there  in  dif- 
ferent parts  of  the  channel.  On  examination  we  found  the 
apparent  dark  colour  of  the  water,  to  depend  upon  the  com- 
plexion of  the  rocks  which  form  the  bottom  and  sides  of  the 
bed,  they  being  principally  a  dark  coloured  argillite,  and 
not  only  these,  but  the  small  fragments  of  quartz  and  other 
whitish  stones,  had  acquired  from  lying  in  the  water  a  pe- 
culiar tinge  of  dark  brown.  We  expected  to  find  an  incrus- 
tation covering  the  surface  of  these  stones,  but  upon  exami- 
nation, the  colouring  matter  seemed  inseparably  blended 
with  the  rock  itself.  The  water  seen  by  transmitted  light, 
was  entirely  transparent,  and  had  no  perceptible  saltness  to 
the  taste. 

At  a  distance  of  five  or  six  miles  eastward  from  the 
Hot  Springs,  on  the  road  leading  towards  the  town  of  Little 
Rock,  on  the  Arkansa,  commences  a  tract  of  land  having  a 
fertile  soil,  and  a  beautiful  situation,  and  extending  to  the 
Washita.  Some  parts  of  this  region  afford  exceptions  to  the 
remark  generally  applicable  to  the  Arkansa  territory,  that  the 
best  soils  are  found  in  the  alluvion  of  the  rivers.  Some  extensive 
districts  of  primary  soil  along  the  base  of  the  mountains  are 
of  a  quality  rarely  surpassed  in  fertility,  beuing  heavy  for- 
ests of  oak,  ash,  and  sugar  maple,  which  attain  here  to  great- 
er size  than  we  have  seen  in  other  parts  of  the  United  States. 
We  arrived  about  sunset  on  the  28th  at  Keisler's  planta- 
tion, where  we  made  application  for  permission  to  spend  the 
night.  This  was  readily  granted,  though  as  is  often  the 
case,  in  such  remote  and  solitary  habitations,  the  house  was 
not  in  the  most  complete  readiness  for  the  accommodation 
of  travellers.  A  quantity  of  Indian  corn,  was  immediately 
gathered  in  the  adjoining  field,  a  part  of  it  was  given  to  our 
horses,  and  a  part  prepared  for  our  own  supper. 

During  the  green  corn  season^  which  is   a  time  of  jubilee 
and   rejoicing  among  the   agricultural   Indians,  and   scarce 
less  so  with  many  of  the  white  settlers,  those  who  live  re- 
yoL.  II.  38 


298  Expedition  to  the 

mote  from  corn  mills,  use  no  other  bread  than  such  as  we 
now  saw  prepared  within  the  space  of  an  hour,  from  the 
standing  corn.  Such  ears  are  selected  as  are  fit  for  roasting, 
and  the  corn  grated  from  the  cob,  by  means  of  the  side  of  a 
tin  lanthron,  or  some  portion  of  an  old  coffee  pot  punched 
full  of  holes.  In  this  state  it  forms  a  soft  paste,  which,  with 
the  addition  of  a  little  salt,  is  spread  upon  a  heated  stone,  or 
an  iron  pan,  and  baked  before  the  fire. 

The  Cove  is  a  vallev  commencing  among  the  mountains, 
at  no  great  distance  to  the  east  of  the  Hot  Springs,  and  con- 
taining a   small   rivulet,  which  enters  the   Washita  six  or 
eight  miles  below  Keisler's.     This  valley  is  bounded  towards 
the  west  by  loamy  hills,  disclosing  at  intervals,  cliffs  and 
ledges  of  clay  slate   and  petrosilex.     In  the  lowest  part  of 
this  valley  at  a  place  called  Roark's  settlement,  we  discov- 
ered a  bed  of  granite,  forming  the  basis  of  a  broad  hill  which 
rose  by  a  very  gradual  ascent  towards  the  east.     We  were 
directed  to  the  examination  which  brought  us  acquainted 
with  the  existence  of  this  rock,   by  the    representation  of 
Roark,  that  in  his  cornfield  not  far  from  the  house,  was  a 
bed  of  plaister  of  Paris.     Being  conducted  to  the  spot,  we 
found  a  quantity  of  loose  granitic  soil,  that  had  been  raised 
from  a  shallow  excavation,  and  was   intermixed  with  nume- 
rous large  scales  of  talc.     The  examination  had  been  carried 
a  few  feet  below  the  surface,  and  had  terminated  upon  the 
granite  in  question,  abounding  in  shining  scales  of  talc  and 
mica,  which   had  been  mistaken   for  plaister.     Having  col- 
lected several  beautiful  masses  of  an  aggregate  of  feldspar, 
talc,  and  quartz,  we  returned  to  the  house  where  our  break- 
fast was  in  preparation.     Being  informed  by  our  landlord, 
that  blue  vitriol,  native  copper,  and  other  interesting  mine- 
rals, had  been  formerly  discovered  near  the  sources  of  the 
little  brook  that  ran  past  the  house,  we  delayed  our  journey 
for  some  time,  that  we  might  continue  our  examination.     In 
following  the  brook  towards  its  sources,  we  were  much  gra- 


Rocky  Mountains.  299 

tified  in  finding  an  extensive  bed  of  native  magnet,  which 
seemed  to  be  embraced  in  the  granite.     Not  far  distant  the 
same  rock  contained  large  masses  of  pyrites,  and  of  bluish 
green  mica.     In  these  we  readily  perceived  the  blue  vitriol, 
and  native  copper,  mentioned  by  our  host.     In  some  places 
we  found  the  bed  of  the  brook   paved  almost  exclusively, 
with  detached  schorls.     We  collected  also  several  other  in- 
teresting imbedded  minerals.     More  extensive  examinations 
will  hereafter  show  this  spot  to  be  one,  among  the  most  in- 
teresting in   America,  to  a  mineralogist.     The  great  depth 
of  soil  resting  upon  this  formation  of  granite,  prevented  our 
examining  it  at  as  many  points  as  we  could  wish,  also  from 
ascertaining  to  our  satisfaction  its  extent,  and  its  connexion 
with  the  neighbouring  rocks.     It  appears,  however,  at  seve- 
ral points  in  an  area  of  fifteen   or  twenty    acres,  and  always 
in  place.     We  saw  not  a  single  boulder  or  detached  mass  at 
any  distance.     This  may  be  owing  in  part  to  the  perishable 
structure  of  the  granite,  and  in  part  to  its  being  surrounded 
on  all  sides  by  more  elevated   rocks  of  slate  or  sandstone. 
On  the  summit  of  the  hill   a  grave   had  been  recently  dug. 
In  the  granitic  soil  which  lay  about  it,  we  saw  many  frag- 
ments of  pyrites,  also  uncommonly  large  and  beautiful  lami- 
nae of  talc,  intermixed  with  scales  of  mica.    These  two  mine- 
rals are,  we  think  rarely  found  in  such  intimate  connexion, 
yet  retaining  so  perfectly  their  distinctive  characters,  as  in 
the  instance  under  consideration.  The  talc  sometimes  forms 
an  integrant  part  of  the  granite  and  we  have  seen  it  blended 
with  mica  in  the  same  specimen. 

The  road  leading  towards  the  Little  Rock,  on  the  Arkan- 
sa,  passes  from  the  granite  of  the  Cove  over  a  coarse  hard 
sandstone,  embracing  beds  of  conglomerate  or  pudding  stone, 
and  in  many  respects  closely  resembling  some  of  the  varie- 
ties of  the  old  red  sandstone  of  the  Alleghany  mountains. 
Towards  the  east  the  surface  of  the  country  rises  gradually, 
at\d  the  sandstone,  without  giving  place  to  any  other  stratum. 


300  Expedition  to  the 

becomes  more  micaceous  and  slaty,  and  at  length  assumes 
all  the  characters  of  a  sandstone  accompanying  coal. 

In  the  afternoon  of  the  29th,  we  arrived  at  Lockhart's 
settlement  on  the  Saline  Fork  of  the  "Washita.  The  soil  of 
some  of  the  bottom  lands  along  this  stream  is  not  inferior  to 
any  we  have  seen  west  of  the  Mississippi.  It  is  well  water- 
ed, and  abounds  in  excellent  timber.  Pine  and  oak  are  in- 
termixed with  the  ash,  hickory,  and  sugar  maple.  Here  are 
some  well  cultivated  gardens,  and  extensive  plantations  of 
corn,  cotton  and  tobacco.  Mr.  Lockhart  and  his  family,  who 
are  emigrants  from  North  Carolina,  consider  the  climate 
more  agreeable  than  that  of  the  country  they  came  from,  and 
have  continued  duriftg  a  residence  of  several  years  to  ^njoy 
good  health.  We  could  not  fail  to  attribute  this  remarkable 
exemption  from  disease,  in  a  great  measure,  to  the  regulari- 
ty, neatness,  and  good  order  of  their  domestic  economy. 

30th.  In  crossing  some  broken  ridges  of  sandstone  which 
occupy  the  high  and  uninhabited  tract  between  the  vallies 
of  the  Arkansa  and  Washita,  we  followed  the  obscure  path 
communicating  between  the  settlements  on  the  Saline  and 
the  town  of  Little  Rock.  As  we  were  descending  from  one 
of  these  ridges,  our  attention  was  called  to  an  unusual  noise, 
proceeding  from  a  copse  of  low  bushes  on  our  right,  at  a 
few  rods  from  the  path;  on  arriving  at  the  spot  we  found  two 
buck  deer,  their  horns  fast  interlocked  with  each  other,  and 
both  much  spent  with  fatigue,  one  in  particular  being  so 
much  exhausted  as  to  be  unable  to  stand.  As  we  perceived 
it  would  be  impossible  they  should  extricate  themselves,  and 
must  either  linger  in  their  present  situation  until  they  died 
of  hunger,  or  were  destroyed  by  the  wolves,  we  despatched 
them  with  our  knives,  not  without  having  first  made  an  un- 
availing attempt  to  disentangle  their  antlers.  Leaving  their 
bodies  io  the  place  where  we  had  killed  them,  we  called  at 
the  cabin  of  a  setder,  which  we  found  within  a  few  miles, 
and  requested  him  to  go  back  and  fetch  the  venison  for  the 


Rocky  Mountains.  301 

idse  of  his  family.  From  the  occasional  occurrence  of  the  skulls 
of  deer  and  elk  with  the  horns  interlocked  with  each  other, 
and  from  the  fact  above  mentioned,  it  appears  that  the  con- 
tests of  these  animals,  at  the  season  of  their  orgasm,  often 
prove  fatal  to  both  parties.  From  the  form  of  their  horns,  and 
the  manner  of  fighting,  it  seems  probable  they  must  often  be 
entangled  with  each  other,  and  when  this  is  the  case  both 
fall  an  easy  prey  to  the  wolves.* 

The  Saline  has  an  entire  length  of  about  one  hundred  and 
fifty  miles,  running  all  the  way  nearly  parallel  to  the  Wa- 
shita, to  its  confluence  near  the  latitude  33°  north.  Alter 
entering  the  state  of  Louisiana,  the  Washita  receives  from 
the  east,  the  Barthelemi,  the  Bceuf,  the  Macon,  and  the  Ten- 
sa,  all  of  which  having  their  sources  near  the  west  bank  of 
the  Mississippi,  may  be  considered  as  inosculating  branches 
of  that  river,  since  at  times  of  high  floods  they  are  fed  from 
it.  The  western  tributaries  are  the  Saluder,  ]Derbane,  and 
Ocatahoola,  deriving  their  sources  from  a  spur  'of  the 
Ozark  mountains,  which  in  the  northern  part  of  Louisiana 
divides  the  broad  alluvial  valley  of  Red  river  from  that  of 
the  Mississippi.  About  twenty  miles  southwest  from  the 
confluence  of  the  Tensa,  Washita,  and  Ocatahoola  the  lat- 
ter expands  into  a  considerable  lake,  and  sends  off"  a  branch 
to  Red  river.  Indeed  the  Washita  might,  without  great  im- 
propriety, be  considered  as  entering  the  Mississippi  at  the 
point  where  its  waters  unite  with  those  of  the  Ocatahoola 
and  Tensa.  The  periodical  inundations  cover  the  country 
westward  to  this  point,  and  even  in  times  of  low  water  the 
channels  communicating  with  the  Mississippi  are  numerous. 
From  this  point  there  is  an  uninterrupted  connection  through 

*  From  Ihe  observations  we  had  the  opportunity  of  making,  it  appears 
that  numbers  of  male  bisons,  particularly  such  as  have  become  enfeebled 
by  age,  perish  annually  in  the  terrible  conflicts  of  their  rutting  season. 
We  have  sometimes  seen  the  horns  of  the  younger  bulls  spliotered  almost 
to  the  roots;  and  have  met  wiih  great  numbers  of  carcasses  of  such  as  had 
apparently  been  killed  in  battle. 


302  Expedition  to  the 

a  system  of  lakes  and  water  courses  stretching  along  parallel 
to  the  Mississippi,  about  thirty  miles  distant,  and  communi- 
cating through  the  river  and  lake  Atchafalaya  with  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico,  at  a  point  more  than  one  hundred  and  fifty  miles 
west  of  the  principal  debouchure  of  the  Mississippi. 

The  Red  River  of  Louisiana  enters  the  Mississippi  from 
the  west  in  north  latitude  Z\°  5',  and  in  16**  Z5'  west  longi- 
tude from  Philadelphia.*  From  the  Mississippi  to  the 
mouth  of  Black  river,  (as  the  Washita  is  called  below  the 
confluence  of  the  Ocatahoola  and  Tensa,)  is  twenty-six  miles 
by  water.  The  aggregate  width  of  Red  river,  for  this  dis- 
tance, is  from  three  hundred  to  three  hundred  and  fifty  yards. 
The  depth  of.  the  water  in  summer  varies,  according  to  the 
actual  measurements  of  Messrs.  Freeman  and  Humphrey, 
from  eighty-four  to  forty-two  feet;  the  range  from  extreme 
high  to  low  water  is  from  twenty-five  to  thirty  feet,  and  the 
banks  are  elevated  from  fourteen  to  twenty  five  feet  above 
the  surface  of  the  river  at  low  water.  At  no  great  distance 
on  each  side  is  a  second  alluvial  bank,  rising  a  few  feet  high- 
er than  the  immediate  bank  of  the  river.  Back  of  this  the 
surface  is  raised  nearly  to  high  water  mark^  but  descends 
gradually  towards  the  lakes  and  swamps  which  occur  along 
both  sides  of  the  valley  of  the  river.  In  the  wet  season  the 
lower  part  of  Red  and  Black  rivers  are  lost  in  an  extensive 
lake,  covering  the  country  from  the  Mississippi  westward 
near  one  hundred  miles,  to  the  settlement  of  the  Avoyelles. 
The  distinction  made  by  Du  Pratz  between  the  country  on 
the  south  and  that  on  the  north  side  of  Red  river,  appears 
to  be  strictly  applicable  only  to  the  part  lying  below  the  point 
where  Red  river  enters  the  immediate  valley  of  the  Missis- 
sippi.! 

*  Ellicot:  31P  1'  15''  according  to  Mr.  De  Ferrer. 

f  "  The  south  side  of  this  river,  quite  to  the  rapid  part,  is  entirely  differ- 
ent from  the  opposite  side;  it  is  something  higher,  and  rises  in  proportion 
as  it  approaches  to  the  height  I  have  mentioned;  the  quality  is  also  very 


Rocky  Mountains.  303 

Above  Black  river  the  bed  of  Red  river  immediately  con- 
tracts to  one  hundred  and  twenty  yards,  which  is  its  average 
width  from  this  point  to  the  Rapids,  seventy-two  miles  above. 
The  current  becomes,  in  a  corresponding  degree,  more  rapid, 
running  with  a  velocity  of  from  two  and  an  half,  to  three 
miles  per  hour,  at  a  moderate  stage  of  water,  in  the  early 
part  of  summer.  The  average  depth  in  this  section  is  stated 
at  from  eighteen  to  twepty  feet,  at  a  time  when  the  water  is 
twenty-one  feet  below  its  maximum  of  elevation.  The 
banks  are  generally  bold  and  steep,  on  one  side  or  the  other, 
and  often  on  both.  The  bottom  lands  are  level,  and  exceed- 
ingly fertile,  but  bear  the  marks  of  periodical  inundation. 
The  forests  of  the  lower  section  of  Red  river  differ  little 
from  those  of  the  Mississippi  and  the  Arkansa.  White 
gum,  cotton-wood,  pecan,  locust,  white  oak,  mulberry,  syca- 
more, hackberry,  and  cypress,  occupy  the  low  grounds, 
while  the  low  and  scattered  hills  are  covered  with  pine,  in- 
termixed with  a  small  proportion  of  oak  and  hickory.  The 
only  portion  of  the  low  lands  in  any  sort  fit  for  cultivation  is 
a  narrow  strip  immediately  on  each  bank,  commencing  a  little 
above  the  mouth  of  Black  river,  and  enlarging  upwards;  but 
even  here  the  settler  is  not  secure,  as  uncommon  swellings 
of  the  river,  sometimes  lay  the  whole  under  water.  Aside 
from  this  the  extreme  insalubrity  of  the  air,  occasioned  by 
the  vicinity  of  extensive  swamps,  stagnant  ponds,  and  la- 
goons, tends  greatly  to  retard  the  progress  of  settlements  in 
this  quarter. 

At  the  Rapids  the  river  spreads  to  three  hundred  yards 
in  width.  The  banks  are  thirty  feet  high,  and  never  over- 
flowed.    Here  has  for  many  years  been  a  settlement.     The 

different.  This  land  is  good  and  light,  and  is  disposed  to  receive  ail  the  cul- 
ture imaginable,  in  which  we  may  assuredly  hope  to  succeed.  It  natur- 
ally produces  fruit  trees  and  vines,  in  plenty;  it  was  on  that  side,  muscadine 
grapes  were  found.  The  back  parts  have  neater  woods  and  meadows,  in- 
tersected  with  tall  fortsfs.  On  that  side  the  fruit  trees  of  the  country  are 
common,  and  above  all  the  hickory  and  walnut  trees,  which  are  sure  indi- 
cations of  good  soil."     Du  Pratz's  Louisiana,  p.  1 66. 


304  Expedition  to  the 

soil  of  the  neighbouring  country  is  extremely  fertile.  A  bed 
of  soft  sandstone,  or  indurated  clay,  crosses  the  river,  caus* 
ing  a  fall  of  ten  feet  in  fifty  yards.  "  This  stone,  when  ex- 
posed to  the  air,  becomes  as  hard  as  freestone,  but  under 
water  it  is  found  as  soft  as  chalk:  a  channel  could  with  very' 
little  labour  or  expense  be  cut  through  any  part  of  the  bed 
of  the  river,  and  need  not  be  extended  more  than  two  hun- 
dred yards.  It  is  believed  that  twenty  men,  in  ten  days, 
with  mattocks  only,  could,  at  low  water,  open  a  channel  suf- 
ficiently wide  and  deep  for  all  the  barges  that  trade  in  this 
river  to  pass  with  safety  and  ease.*  Three  quarters  of  a 
mile  above  this  rapid  is  another  very  similar  in  extent  and 
magnitude. 

Thirty  miles  above  the  Rapids  we  find  the  river  divided 
into  two  beds,  each  having  a  high  bold  bank.  The  right 
channel  contains  about  one- third  of  the  volume  of  water  of 
the  whole  river.  They  separate  from  each  other  four  or  five 
miles  below  Natchitoches,  and  unite  again  here,  forming  an 
island  sixty  miles  long  and  five  wide.  The  right  branch  is  call- 
ed by  the  French  "  Rigote  de  Bon  Dieu,"  and  the  other  Old 
river.  Another  island,  commencing  one-fourth  of  a  mile  be- 
low Natchitoches,  extends  parallel  to  that  above  mentioned 
thirty-four  and  an  half  miles:  this  is  about  four  miles  wide. 
The  current  in  all  the  branches  which  lie  between  these  is- 
lands and  the  main  shore  is  rapid,  but  not  equally  so.  The 
description  already  given  of  the  valley  of  the  river  is  appli- 
cable to  this  portion.  On  each  side  the  surface  descends 
from  the  river,  terminating  in  a  line  of  pools  and  cypress 
swamps,  which  extend  along  the  base  of  the  bluffs.  Settle- 
ments were  here  somewhat  numerous  in  1806.  The  small 
cottages  are  placed  near  the  bank  of  the  river,  and  the  culti- 
vated lands  extend  back  but  a  little  distance.  "  The  inhabi- 
tants," says  Freeman,  "  are  a  mixture  of  French,  Spanish^ 
Indian,  and  Negro  blood,  the  latter  often  predominating. 
*  Freeman's  MS-  Report  to  Win.  Dunbar,  Esq. 


Rocky  Mountains.  305 

The  separation  of  the  water  of  the  river  into  three  distinct 
branches,  each  confined  within  high  and  steep  banks,  raised 
twenty  and  even  thirty  feet  above  the  medium  elevation  of 
the  water,  and  their  reunion  after  traversing  severally  an  ex- 
tent of  sixty  and  thirty  miles,  might,  at  first  view,  appear  a 
matter  of  curious  inquiry,  but,  upon  the  slightest  investiga- 
tion, it  will  be  discovered,  that  this  whole  country,  adjacent 
to  the  river,  has  been  jnade  or  raised  to  its  present  elevated 
position  by  frequent  inundations  and  deposition  from  the  wa- 
ter. This  evidently  appears  from  the  great  quantities  of 
timber  frequently  seen  as  you  ascend  the  river,  deposited  as 
low  as  low- water  mark  under  steep  banks  of  different  heights, 
from  twelve  to  thirty  feet. 

Red  river  takes  its  name  from  the  colour  of  its  water, 
which  is,  in  time  of  floods,  of  a  bright  red,  and  partakes  more 
or  less  of  this  colour  throughout  the  year,  as  is  also  the  case 
with  the  sands  of  its  bed.  There  can  be  no  doubt  the  co- 
louring matter,  on  which  this  tinge  depends,  is  derived  from, 
the  red  sandstone  of  the  salt  formation  already  described, 
although  no  person  qualified  to  give  a  satisfactory  account  of 
the  country,  has  hitherto  traced  Red  river  to  that  formation. 
We  propose  to  add  some  brief  notices  of  this  important  ri- 
ver, derived  from  the  unpublished  materials  of  the  exploring 
party  sent  out  by  the  government  of  the  United  States  in 
1806,  also  from  the  notes  of  Major  Long,  who  visited  the 
upper  settlements  in  1817,  not  neglecting  such  additional  in- 
formation, from  the  works  of  Darby  and  others,  who  have 
written  of  Louisiana,  as  may  appear  of  importance. 

Red  river  was  explored  at  a  very  early  period  by  the 
.French,  but  their  examinations  appear  to  have  extended  no 
farther  than  to  the  country  of  the  Natchitoches  and  the  Ca- 
does*  and,  although  subsequent  examinations  have  a  little 

*  In  1700,  M.  De  Bienville  ascended  the  Fed  river  to  the  country  of 
the  Nalchitoches  and  Yatasse  Indians,  but  oould  find  no  Spanish  esta- 

VOL.  II.  39 


306  Expedition  to  the 

enlarged  the  sphere  of  our  acquaintance  with  its  upper 
branches,  we  are  still  unfortunately  ignorant  of  the  true  po- 
sition of  its  sources. 

Three  years  after  the  cession  of  Louisiana  to  the  United 
States,  a  small  party  known  by  the  name  of  the  "^  Exploring 
Expedition  of  Red  river,"  and  consisting  of  Captain  Sparks, 
Mr.  Freeman,  Lieutenant  Humphrey,  and  Dr  Custis,  with 
seventeen  private  soldiers,  two  non-commissioned  officers, 
and  a  black  servant,  embarked  from  St.  Cathariue's  landing, 
near  Natches,  on  board  several  barges  and  small  boats,  with 
instructions  to  ascend  Red  river  to  its  sources.  On  the  3rd 
of  May,  1806,  they  entered  Red  river,  expecting  to  be  able 
to  Ascend  with  their  boats  to  the  country  of  the  Pawnee  Pi- 
qua  Indians.  Here  it  was  their  intention  to  leave  their  boats, 
and  packing  their  provisions  on  horses,  which  they  should 
purchase  of  the  Pawnees,  they  were  to  "  proceed  to  the  top 
of  the  mountains,"  the  distance  being,  as  they  believed, 
about  three  hundred  miles. 

On  the  l9th  May,  they  arrived  at  Natchitoches,  distant 
from  the  Mississippi  184  miles  266  perches,  measured  by 
log  line  and  time.  At  this  place  they  delayed  some  days,  and 
having  received  information  that  their  advance  would  be 
opposed  by  the  Spaniards,  they  resolved  to  increase  the 
strength  of  their  party  by  retaining  a  detachment  which  had 
been  ordered  by  the  secretary  of  war  to  join  them  at  Nachi- 
toches,  "  for  the  purpose  of  assisting  the  exploring  party  to 
ascend  the  river  to  the  upper  end  of  the  great  raft,  and  to 
continue  as  far  afterward  as  might  appear  necessary,  to  re- 
pel by  force  any  opposition  they  might  meet  with." 

Accordingly  twenty  men  were  selected  from  the  garrison 
at  Natchitoches,  and,  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant  Du- 
forest,  joined  the  exploring  party. 

blishment  in  that  quarter.  The  Yatasse  village  was  about  forty  miles 
northwest  of  the  present  town  of  Natchitoches  in  the  settlement  of  Bayou 
Pierre. 

Darby  on  the  authority  of  La  Harpe. 


Rocky  Mountains.  307 

They  were  now  thirty-seven  in  number,  aside  from  the 
officers,  and  were  furnished  with  a  supply  of  flour  sufficient 
for  nine  months'  provision.  On  the  2nd  June,  they  left 
Natchitoches  and  proceeded  towards  their  destination.  The 
journal  of  their  tour,  by  Mr.  Freeman,  which  has  been  obli- 
gingly put  into  our  hands  by  Gen.  D.  Parker,  is  extremely 
circumstantial,  and  embraces  much  valuable  information. 
We  make  use  of  it  without  particular  reference  whenever  we 
have  occasion  to  speak  of  that  cart  of  Red  river  explored  by 
the  party.  On  the  7th  of  June,  they  were  overtaken  near  a 
small  village  of  Natchitoches  and  Paskagoulas,  by  an  Indian 
guide  and  interpreter,  whom  they  had  hired  at  Natchitoches. 
H§  brought  a  letter  from  Dr.  Siblt^y,  the  Indian  agent,  giving 
information  that  a  considerat)Ie  body  of  Spanish  troops  were 
already  on  their  marcH  from  Nacogdoches,  with  a  design  to 
intercept  the  exploring  party.  At  the  distance  of  one  hun- 
dred and  two  miles  above  Natchitoches,  they  left  the  bed  of 
the  river  turning  out  through  one  of  those  numerous  com- 
munications called  bayous,  which  connect  the  principal  chan- 
nel with  those  lateral  chains  of  lakes,  pools,  swamps,  and 
marshes,  which  extend  along  the  sides  of  the  valley.  Their 
design,  in  leaving  the  river,  was  to  avoid  that  singular  ob- 
struction to  the  navigation,  called  the  Great  Ra^^t,  having 
been  informed  by  Mr.  Toolan,  an  old  and  respectable 
French  inhabitant,  that  it  would  be  impossible  for  them  to 
pass  through  it.  They  had  already  encountered  three  simi- 
lar obstructions,  through  which  they  had  made  their  way  with 
extreme  toil,  by  loosening  and  floating  out,  the  logs  and  trunks 
of  trees,  that  had  been  piled  upon  each  other  in  such  numbers 
as  to  fill  the  bed  of  the  river  from  the  bottom,  usually  at  the 
depth  of  thirty  feet,  and  rising  three  or  four  feet  above  the 
surface  of  the  water. 

The  Bayou  Datche,  as  the  part  of  the  river  is  called  into 
which  they  entered,  conducted  them   to   a   beautiful  lake 


308  Expedtti07i  to  the 

called  Big  Broth.*'  It  is  thus  described  by  Mr  Freeman* 
"  This  beautiful  sheet  of  water  extends  from  the  place  we 
first  entered  it  seventy  miles  in  a  north-westerly  direction, 
and,  as  far  as  we  saw  it,  is  beautifully  variegated  with  hand- 
some clumps  of  cypress  trees,  thinly  scattered  in  it.  On  the 
right  hand  side  it  is  bounded  by  high  land,  which  ascends 
from  the  surface  of  the  water,  and  at  the  distance  of  one 
hundred  yards,  is  elevated  about  forty  feet,  and  covered 
with  forests  of  black  oak,  hickory,  dogwood,  &c.  soil  good 
second  rate.  It  is  bounded  on  the  left  by  a  low  plain,  cover- 
ed with  cypress  trees  and  bushes.  The  depth  of  water  is 
from  two  to  six  feet.  High-water  mark  ten  feet  above  the 
present  level  of  the  surface.  It  is  called  by  the  Indians  Big 
Broth,  from  the  vast  quantities  of  froth  seen  floating  on  its 
surface  at  high  water.  We  passed  ont  of  this  large  lake  by 
very  difficult  passes  through  bayous  into  a\»other  very  hand- 
some lake  of  about  a  mile  wide,  called  Swan  lake,  and  so  on 
through  long  crooked  bayous,  lakes,  and  swamps,  full  of  dead 
standing  timber." 

H  wing  made  their  way  for  many  days  along  this  chain  of 
lakes,  they  were  at  length  anxious  to  return  to  the  river. 
After  searching  some  time  for  a  passage,  and  finding  their 
pilot  incapable  to  direct  them,  they  resolved  to  wait  while 
they  could  send  messengers  by  land  to  the  Coashatay  village, 
and  procure  a  guide.  The  return  of  this  messenger  brought 
them  some  information  calculated  to  aid  in  extricating  them- 
selves from  the  labyrinth  of  lakes  in  which  they  were  bewil- 
dered, also  the  promise  of  the  Coashatay  chief,  that  he 
would  join  the  party  himself  and  conduct  them  to  the  river. 
This  promise,  however,  it  was  not  his  intention  to  fulfil.  The 
party,  therefore,  on  the  20th  June,  resumed  their  search  for 
a  passage,  returning  some  distance  on  their  route.  On  the 
25th,  they   discovered  a  narrow   and   obstructed   channel, 

^  Lake  Bistineau. 


Rocky  Mountains.  309 

through  which,  after  removing  several  rafts,  trees,  Sec,  they 
found  their  way  into  the  river.  Thus,  after  fourteen  days  of 
incessant  fatigue,  toil  and  danger,  doubt  and  uncertainty,  they 
at  length  gained  the  river  above  the  Great  Raft,  contrary  to 
the  decided  opinion  of  every  person  who  had  any  knowledge 
of  the  difficulties  they  had  to  encounter. 

The  distance  from  Natchitoches  to  the  point  where  the 
party  entered  Red  river  above  the  Great  Raft  is  two  hun- 
dred and  one  miles  by  the  meanders  of  their  route.  Above 
the  raft  the  river  is  two  hundred  and  thirty  yards  wide,  thir- 
ty-four feet  deep,  and  has  a  very  gentle  current.  The  banks 
are  ten  or  twelve  feet  high.  On  the  north  side  the  lands  rise 
considerably,  at  a  little  distance,  and  arc  covered  with  heavy 
forests  of  oak,  poplar,  and  red  cedar. 

At  the  Coashatay  village,*  about  twenty  miles  above  the 

*  The  latitude  of  this  point,  acccording  to  the  observations  of  the  Ex- 
ploring party,  has  been  ascertained  by  Lieutenant  Graham. 

Coashatay  village,  June  27th,fl806.     Observed 

the  double  meridian  altitude  of  star  Antares  [a.  deg.  m,  s. 

Scorpii)             .             .             .             .             .  62  30  25 

Index  error  of  sextant,                 .            .             .  2  1-2 


Correction  for  refraction, 

True  meridian  altitude  of  star  Antares 


2) 

62 

30 

22  1-2 

31 

15 

1 

11  1-4 
33  1-4 

31 
90 

13 

38 

58 
25 

46 
59 

22 
20  S. 

32 

47 

02  N. 

Meridian  zenith  distance,  do. 
Declination  of  Antares  for  reduced  time, 

Latitude,  .  .  .  . 


deg.  m.  s. 
June  30th.  Double  meridian  alt.  Antares  .         62  3120 

Index  error  .....  1  05 

2)  62  30  15 

31   15  07  1-2 


310  Expedition  to  the 

Great  Raft,  the  commander  of  the  exploring  party  received 
information  by  an  express,  from  the  chief  of  the  principal 
village  of  the  Cadoes,  which  is  thirty  miles  farther  to  the 
west,  "  that  about  three  hundred  Spanish  dragoons,  with 
four  or  five  hundred  horses  and  mules  were  encamped  near 
that  village  with  the  design  to  prevent  the  further  advajice 
of  the  Ame-ricans."     The  Coashatay  and  Cado  Indians  of 

deg.  in,  s. 
31   15  07  1-2 
Correction  for  refraction,  .  . '  .  1  33  1-2 

True  meridian  alt.  Antares,      '    . 


True  meridian  zenith  distance  do. 
Declination  of  Antares  for  June,  1806,  . 

Latitude 


At  the  same  place  (Coashatay  village.) 

July  1st,  1806.  Double  meridian  alt.  Antares, 
Index  error  of  sextant. 


Deduct  for  refraction 
True  meridian  alt.  Antares, 


True  meridian  zenith  distance  do. 
Declination  of  Antares  for  red.  time, 

Latitude, 


Latitude  of  Coashatay  village. 


By  observation,  June  27th,  1806 
"                 "     30th,      " 

"  July    1st,  " 

Mean  latitude,      .  ..  * 


31 

13  34 

90 

1 

58 

46 

26 

25 

59  20  S. 

32 

A'i 

r  08  N. 

deg. 

.  m. 

.  s. 

62 

31 

1 

45 
05 

2)62 

30 

40 

31 

15 

20 

I 

33 

31 

13  47 

90 

58 

46 

13 

25 

59 

20  S. 

32 

46 

53  N. 

deg.  m.  s. 
32  47  02 N. 

32 

47 

06 

32 

46 

53 

32 

47 

00  1-3  N. 

Rocky  Mountains.  311 

this  part  of  Red  river  are  agricultural  and  half-civilized,  like 
the  Cherokees. 

On  the  1st  of  July,  a  messenger  arrived  at  the  encamp- 
ment of  the  party,  near  the  Coashatay  village,  giving  infor- 
mation of  the  near  approach  of  the  Cado  chief,  with  forty 
yoang  men  and  warriors  of  his  village.  About  noon  they 
made  their  appearance  on  the  opposite  bank  of  the  river,  and 
kept  up  for  a  few  minutes  an  irregular  firing  by  way  of 
salute.  This  was  returned  both  from  the  camp  and  the  vil- 
lage in  a  manner  highly  gratifying  to  the  Cado  party.  The 
customary  ceremonies  used  in  meeting  Indians  being  past 
an  exchange  of  complimentary  speeches  followed. 

The  Cado  chief  expressed  great  uneasiness  on  account  of 
the  Spaniards  who  were  encamped  near  his  village.  Their 
commandant  had  been  to  see  him,  had  taken  him  by  the  hand, 
and  asked  him  if  he  loved  the  Americans;  he  answered,  he 
did  not  know  what  to  say,  but  if  the  Spaniards  wished  to 
fight  the  Americans,  they  might  go  down  to  Natchitoches, 
and  fight  them  there,  but  they  should  not  shed  blood  in  his 
territories.  He  said  he  was  pleased  with  what  he  had  heard 
respecting  the  designs  of  the  exploring  party,  he  wished  them 
to  go  on  and  see  all  his  country,  and  all  his  neighbours. 
"  You  have  far  to  go,  and  will  meet  with  many  difficulties, 
but  I  wish  you  to  go  on.  My  friends,  the  Pawnees,  will  be 
glad  to  see  you,  and  will  take  you  by  the  hand.  If  you  meet 
with  any  of  the  Huzaas  [Osages']  and  kill  them,  I  will  dance 
for  a  month.  If  they  kill  any  of  your  party,  I  will  go  with 
my  young  men  and  warriors,  and  we  will  be  avenged  for 
you."  The  soldiers  belonging  to  the  expedition  having  para- 
ded in  open  order  and  single  file,  the  forty  young  Cadoes 
commenced  on  the  right  of  the  line,  and  marching  towards 
the  left,  shook  each  man  by  the  hand  in  the  most  earnest 
manner.  When  their  leader  had  reached  the  other  extremity 
of  the  line,  they  instantly  placed  themselves  in  a  corrt^spond- 
ing  line  about  three  paces  distant,  and  their  partizan  or  prin- 
cipal warrior,  delivered  a  short  address  to  the  sergeant. 


312  Expedition  to  the 

"  Here  we  are,"  said  he,  "  all  men  and  warriors.  Shaking 
hands  together,  let  us  hold  fast,  and  be  friends  forever."  It 
was  said  by  the  interpreter,  he  prefaced  his  observation  by- 
saying  he  was  glad  to  see  that  his  new  brothers  had  the  fa- 
ces of  men,  and  looked  like  men  and  warriors. 

After  a  delay  of  a  few  days,  the  Cado  chief  professing 
the  most  friendly  disposition  towards  the  exploring  party, 
withdrew  with  his  young  men,  to  his  own  village.  On  the 
11th  July,  the  officers  of  the  party  having  as  yet  no  certain 
knowledge  of  the  designs  of  the  Spaniards,  re-embarked  on 
board  their  little  fleet,  and  began  to  ascend  Red  river,  from 
the  Coashatay  village,  having  engaged  the  Cado  chief  to 
watch  the  motions  of  the  Spanish  troops,  and  to  give  timely 
notice  of  anv  thing  interesting  to  the  expedition.  The  river 
above  the  Coashatay  village  became  very  crooked  and  wide, 
and  the  water  was  so  low  that  the  boats  were  often  aground, 
though  they  drew  no  more  than  from  sixteen  to  twenty  inches 
of  water. 

On  the  26th  July,  in  the  afternoon,  three  Indians  appeared 
on  the  sand  beach,  who  were  found  to  be  the  runners  sent 
frcjm  tite  Cado  chief,  agreeable  to  previous  engagement. 
They  brought  information  that  the  Spaniards  had  returned 
to  Nacogdoches  for  a  reinforcement,  and  new  instructions; 
that  six  days  since,  they  had  arrived  at  the  Cado  village, 
about  one  thousand  strong;  that  they  had  cut  down  the  U.  S. 
flag  in  the  Cado  village,  and  had  said  it  was  their  intention 
to  destroy  the  exploring  party.  They  had  taken  from  the 
Cado  village,  two  young  men  to  conduct  them  to  a  handsome 
bluflP,  a  few  miles  above,  where  they  were  now  encamped, 
to  await  the  arrival  of  the  party.  The  Indian  messengers, 
and  the  Cadoes  who  had  remained,  appeared  much  alarmed, 
and  entreated  the  commanding  officer  to  return,  saying,  if 
they  met  the  Spaniards,  not  one  would  come  back  alive.  The 
distance  to  the  Spanish  camp  was  three  days'  journey.  On 
the  following  day,  the  party  made  a  deposite  of  some  of 


Rocky  Mountains.  313 

their  most  important  papers,  with  a  small  stock  of  ammu- 
nition, provisions,  and  astronomical  instruments,  in  a  re- 
tired place,  that  they  might  not  be  entirely  destitute  of  re- 
sources after  the  contemplated  rencontre  with  the  Spaniards 
should    have  taken  place.    At  sunset,  on  the  28th  July,  as 
they  were  about  to  encamp,  they  heard  several  guns  ahead 
of  them,  which  left  no  doubt  that  they  had  arrived  near  the 
Spanish  camp.    On  the  ensuing  morning,  Capt.  Sparks,  Mr. 
Freeman,  and  a  favorite  Indian,    walked  before   the  boats, 
along  the  sand  beach,  with  their  guns  in  their  hands.  The  In- 
dian discovering  some  tracks,  ran  hastily  among  the  bush- 
es on  the  bank,  and  then  returning,  made  signs  that  the  Span- 
iards wefe  there.  The  party  was  now  halted,  the  arms  exa- 
mined, and  put  in  readiness  for  immediate  action;  then  all 
went  on  board   the  boats,  and    continued  their   ascent,  as 
if  they  had  known  nothing  of  the  Spanish  troops.     The  ad- 
vanced guard,  which  the  Indian  had  discovered,  consisted  of 
twenty -two  men,  stationed  a  mile  and  a  half  below  the  en- 
campment of  the  main  body.    On  seeing  the  boats,  they  fled 
instantly,  and  hid  themselves  in  the  woods,  leaving  behind 
their  clothes  and  provisions. 

On  turning  the  next  bend,  they  had  a  beautiful  view  of 
the  river,  for  about  a  mile.  The  banks  were  steep  on  both 
sides,  and  level  sand  beaches  occupied  about  one  half  the 
bed  of  the  river.  On  one  of  these,  at  the  distance  of  half  a 
mile,  they  discovered  a  sentinel,  and  soon  afterwards,  saw 
a  detachment  of  horse  gallop  from  thence,  through  the  small 
cotton-wood  bushes,  near  the  next  bend  of  the  river,  and 
shortly  after  return  to  their  former  station.  As  it  was  no\f 
the  middle  of  the  day,  the  Exploring  party  halted,  according 
lo  custom,  and  kindled  fires  to  prepare  their  dinner. 

About  half  an  hour  after  they  had  halted,  a  large  detach- 
ment from  the  Spanish  camp  were  seen  riding  down  the  sand 
beach,  enveloped  in  such  a  cloud  of  dust,  that  their  numbers 
could  not  be  accurately  estimated.    The  s©ldiers  belonging 
VOL.  II.  40 


314.  Expedition  to  the 

to  the  exploring  party  were  directed  to  take  possession  of  a 
thick  cane  brake  on  the  immediate  bank  of  the  river,  at  a 
short  distance  above  the  boats,  to  be  in  readiness  should 
there  be  occasion  to  attack  the  advancing  party  on  their 
flank.  A  non-commissioned  officer  and  six  men  were  sent 
still  further  up  the  river,  and  ordered  to  be  in  readiness  to 
assail  the  Spaniards  in  the  rear. 

The  advancing  party  of  horse  came  on  at  full  speed,  dis- 
regarding the  first  challenge  of  the  two  sentinels  stationed 
at  some  distance  in  advance  of  the  boats.  When  the  senti- 
nels cried  halt  the  second  time,  they  cocked  their  pieces, 
and  were  in  the  act  of  presenting  them,  when  the  Spanish 
squadron  halted,  and  displayed  on  the  beach,  about'  one  hun- 
dred and  fifty  yards  distant.  Their  officers  moved  slowly  for- 
ward and  were  met  by  Captain  Sparks,  whom  the  Spanish  com- 
mandant politely  saluted,  and  a  parley  ensued,  which  continued 
about  three  quarters  of  an  hour.  The  Spaniards  being  greatly 
superior  in  numbers,  and  expressing  a  determined  resolution 
to  fulfil  their  orders,  which  were  to  prevent,  at  all  hazards, 
the  farther  progress  of  the  Exploring  expedition,  the  officers 
of  that  party  reluctantly  consented  to  relinquish  their  under- 
taking. The  spot  where  this  interruption  took  place,  is  two 
hundred  and  thirty  miles,  by  water,  above  the  Coashatay 
village,  consequently,  six  hundred  and  thirty-five  miles 
above  the  mouth  of  Red  river.  Below  this  point  the  river 
and  country  lose  in  a  great  measure,  the  peculiar  chaiacters 
which  belong  to  the  region  of  recent  alluvial  lands  within  the 
valley  of  the  Mississippi.  The  swamps  and  bayous  are  less 
frequent,  the  forests  more  open,  the  trees  smaller,  and  the 
soil  less  fertile.  Open  meadows  are  more  frequent  here 
than  below.  A  portion  of  Red  river  above,  between  this  point, 
and  the  upper  settlements,  is  but  imperfectly  known. 

The  average  direction  of  Red  river,  as  far  as  it  has  been 
hitherto  explored,  from  the  confluence  of  the  Kiamesha  in 
latitude  33"  30'  to  its  junction  with  the  Mississippi  in  31? 
5'  is  from  northwest  to  southeast.  Above  the  Kiamesha,  it  is 


Rocky  Mountains.  315 

supposed   to  flow   more  directly  from  west  to  east.    The 
streams  tributary  to  Red  river  are  comparatively  small,  and 
few  in  number.  Above  the  Washita,  already  mentioned,  the 
principal  are  the  Little  river  of  the  south,  and  the  Little  ri- 
ver of  the  north,  both  entering  near  the  north-western  angle 
of  the  state  of  Louisiana,  and  both  hitherto,  little  known. 
The  next  in   order   is  the   Kiamesha,  rising  in  the  Ozark 
mountains,    opposite    the  Poteau,  and    entering  Red   river 
about  one  thousand  miles  from  the  Mississippi.    The  Kia- 
mesha has  been  explored  from  its  sources  to  its  mouth,  by 
Major  Long,  who  first  visited  it  in  1817.  The  country  about 
the   sources   of  this  river  is  mountainous,  being  broken  into 
numerous  irregular  heaps  and  ridges  of  an  old  ferruginous 
sandstone,  with  its  stratifications  highly  inclined  towards  the 
south.  The  timber  in  the  mountainous  country  is  the  yellow 
pine,  intermixed  with  red,  white,  and    mountain   oak,  the 
small  chesnut,  the  American  box,  or  hop  hornbeam,  [Os- 
trya  virsrinica]  the  red  cedar,  &c.   In  the  low  lands  towards 
Red  river,  all  the  forest  trees  common  to  the  valley  of  the 
Arkansa  are  found  with  the  addition  of  the  maclura,  which 
is  now   so   rare  about  the  Arkansa  that  it  can  scarce  be  said 
to  make  a  part  of  the  forests  there.  Extensive  prairies  exist 
on  the  lower  part  of  the  Kiamesha,  some  of  which  command 
delightful    views   of  the  surrounding  country.     Before  you 
lies  the  great  valley  of  Red  river,  exhibiting  a  pleasing  va- 
riety of  forests  and  lawns;  beyond  are  the  summits    of  the 
Ozark  mountains,  imprinting  their  broad  outline  upon  the 
margin  of  the  sky. 

At  the  mouth  of  the  Kiamesha,  Red  river  is  about  two 
hundred  yards  wide.  Its  course  is  serpentine,  forming 
points  alternately  on  the  right  and  left,  terminating  in  sand 
bars,  covered  with  red  mud,  or  clay  deposited  from  the  water 
of  the  river.  In  its  lowest  stage  the  river  may  be  forded  at 
any  place,  so  that  a  person  may  pass  along  the  bed  as  in  the 
Canadian,  by  travelling  on  the  sand  bars,  and  occasionally 
crossing  the  water  between  them. 


316  Expedition  to  the 

The  soil  and  climate  of  Red  River  are  said  to  be  peculiarly 
adapted  to  the  culture  of  cotton.  The  crop  sometimes  yields 
twenty-five  hundred  pounds  of  seed  cotton  per  acre,  and  this 
of  a  quality  inferior  to  none  except  the  Sea  island. 

Of  the  Vaseau  or  Boggy  bayou,  and  the  Blue  River,  two 
considerable  streams  tributary  to  Red  river  next  above  the 
Kiamesha,  we  have  little  information.  They  appear  to  enter 
like  what  are  called  the  north  and  south  forks  of  the  Cana- 
dian, near  the  foot  of  the  western  slope  of  the  Ozark  moun- 
tains. Above  these,  the  principal  tributary  is  the  Faux  Oua- 
chitta,  or  False  Washita,  from  the  north,  which  has  been 
described  to  us  by  Mr.  Findley,  (an  enterprising  hunter, 
whose  pursuits  often  led  him  to  visit  its  banks,)  as  bearing 
a  very  near  resemblance  to  the  Canadian  river  of  the  Ar- 
kansa. 

We  are  as  yet  ignorant  of  the  true  position  of  the  sources 
of  Red  river,  but  are  well  assured  the  long  received  opinion 
that  its  principal  branch  rises  "  about  thirty  or  forty  miles 
east  of  Santa  Fe"  is  erroneous. 

Several  persons  have  recently  arrived  at  St.  Louis  in  Mis- 
souri, from  Santa  Fe,  and  among  them,  the  brother  of 
Capt.  Shreeves,  who  gives  information  of  a  large,  frequented 
road,  which  runs  nearly  due  east  from  that  place,  and  strikes 
one  of  the  branches  of  the  Canadian,  and  that  at  a  considera- 
ble distance  to  the  south  of  this  point  in  the  high  plain,  is  the 
principal  source  of  Red  river.  His  account  confirms  an 
opinion  which  we  had  previously  formed,  namely,  that  the 
branch  of  the  Canadian  explored  by  Major  Long's  party  in 
August,  1820,  has  its  sources  near  those  of  some  stream, 
which  descends  towards  the  west,  into  the  Rio  del  Norte, 
and  consequently  that  some  other  region  must  contain  the 
head  of  Red  river.  From  a  careful  comparison  of  all  the  in- 
formation we  have  been  able  to  collect,  we  are  satisfied  that 
the  stream,  on  which  we  encamped  on  the  28th  July,  is 
the  Rio  Raijo  of  Humboldt,  long  mistaken  for  the  source 


Rocky  Mountains.  317 

of  the  Red  river  of  Natchitoches,  and  that  our  camp  of  Aug, 
1st  was  within  forty  or  fifty  miles  east  from  Santa  Fe.  In 
a  region  of  red  clay  and  sand,  where  all  the  streams  have 
nearly  the  colour  of  arterial  blood,  it  is  not  surprising  that 
several  rivers  should  have  received  the  same  name,  nor  is  it 
surprising  that  so  accurate  a  topographer  as  the  Baron  Hum- 
boldt, having  learned  that  a  red  river  rises  forty  or  fifty 
miles  east  of  Santa  Fe,  and  runs  to  the  east,  should  conjecture 
it  might  be  the  source  of  the  Red  river  of  Natchitoches. 
This  conjecture,  (for  it  is  no  more)  we  believe  to  have  been 
adopted  by  our  geographers,  who  have  with  much  confi- 
dence made  their  delineations,  and  their  accounts  corres- 
pond to  it. 

In  relation  to  the  climate  of  the  country  on  Red  river, 
we  have  received  little  definite  information.  The  Journal  of 
the  Exploring  Expedition  contains  a  record  of  ihermometric 
observations  for  thirty -six  days,  commencing  with  June  1st 
1806,  and  extending  to  July  6th.  These  were  made  between 
Natchitoches  and  the  Coashatay  village,  and  the  temperature, 
both  of  the  air  and  the  water  of  the  river,  are  noted  three 
times  a  day,  at  6  A.  M.,  and  3,  and  9  P.  M.  They  indicate 
a  climate  extremely  mild  and  equable.  The  atmospheric 
temperature  ranges  from  72°  to  93°  Fah.,  that  of  the  water 
from  79°  to  92°.  The  dailv  oscillations  of  the  mercurial 
column  aire  nearly  equal,  and  the  aggregate  temperature  rises 
slowly  and  uniformly  towards  midsummer. 
,  From  Lockhart's  settlement  on  the  Saline  river  of  Washi- 
ta to  Little  Rock,  on  the  Arkansa,  is  about  twenty-five  miles. 
As  we  approached  the  Arkansa,  we  found  the  country  less 
broken  and  rocky  than  above.  The  soil  of  the  uplands  is 
gravelly,  and  comparatively  barren,  producing  almost  exclu- 
sively scattered  forests  of  oak,  while  along  the  streams  arc 
small  tracts  of  extremely  fertile  bottom  lands.  In  some  of 
the  vallies  the  cypress  appears,  filling  extensive  swamps,  and 
imparting  a  gloomy  and  unpromising  aspect  to  the  country. 


318  Expedition  to  the 

This  tree  is  well  known  in  all  the  southern  section  of  the 
United  States  to  indicate  a  low  and  marshy  soil,  but  not 
universally  one  which  is  irreclaimable.  It  is  rarely  if  ever 
met  with  north  of  the  latitude  of  38''.  In  many  respects, 
particularly  in  the  texture,  firmness,  and  durability  of  its 
wood,  and  in  its  choice  of  situation,  it  resembles  the  white 
cedar*  of  the  northern  States,  but  far  surpasses  it  in  size, 
being  one  of  the  largest  trees  in  North  America.  "  There 
is,"  says  Du  Pratz,  *'  a  cypress  tree  at  Baton  Rouge,  which 
measures  twelve  yards  round,  and  is  of  prodigious  height." 
In  the  cypress  swamps  few  other  trees,  and  no  bushes,  are 
seen;  and  the  innumerable  conic  excrescences  called  knees 
which  spring  up  from  the  roots,  resembling  the  monu- 
ments in  a  church  yard,  give  a  gloomy  and  peculiar  aspect 
to  the  scene.  The  old  error  of  Du  Pratz,  with  regard  to 
the  manner  of  the  reproduction  of  the  cypress,  is  still  main- 
tained with  great  obstinacy  by  numbers  of  people  who  never 
heard  of  his  book. 

"  It  renews  itself,"  says  he,"  in  a  most  extraordinary  man- 
ner. A  short  time  after  it  is  cut  down,  a  shoot  is  observed 
to  grow  from  one  of  its  roots,  exactly  in  the  form  of  a  sugar 
loaf,  and  this  sometimes  rises  ten  feet  high  before  any  leaf 
appears;  the  branches  at  length  rise  from  the  head  of  this 
conical  shoot."  p.  239. 

We  have  often  been  reminded  of  this  account  of  Du  Pratz 
by  hearing  the  assertion  among  the  settlers,  that  the  cypress 
never  grows  from  the  seed.  It  would  appear,  however,  that 
he  could  have  ^een  but  little  acquainted  with  the  tree,  or  he 
would  have  been  aware  that  the  conic  excrescences  in  ques- 
tion spring  up  and  grow  during  the  life  of  the  tree,  but 
never  after  it  is  cut  down. 

At  Little  Rock,  a  village  of  six  or  eight  houses,  we  found 
several  of  the  members  of  a  missionary  family  destined  to 

•  Thuja  occidentaMs,  L. 


Rocky  Mountains.  319 

the  Osages.  They  had  exposed  themselves  during  the  heat 
of  summer  to  the  pestilential  atmosphere  of  the  Lower  Mis- 
sissippi and  Arkansa;  and  we  were  not  surprised,  when  we 
considered  their  former  habits,  to  find  they  had  suffered 
most  severely  from  their  imprudence.  They  had  all  been 
sick,  and  two  or  three  of  their  number  had  died;  the  survi- 
vors we  understood  were  on  the  recovery.  They  had  been 
some  time  at  Little  Rock,  the  water  in  the  Arkansa  having 
fallen  so  low  as  to  render  their  further  ascent  impracticable. 

The  village  of  Little  Rock  occupies  the  summit  of  a  high 
bank  of  clay  slate,  on  the  southwest  side  of  the  Arkansa. 
Its  site  is  elevated,  and  the  country  immediately  adjoining 
in  a  great  measure  exempt  from  the  operation  of  those  cau- 
ses which  produce  a  state  of  the  atmosphere  unfavorable  to 
health.  It  is  near  the  commencement  of  the  hilly  country, 
and  for  a  part  of  the  year  will  be  at  the  head  of  steam  boat 
navigation  on  the  Arkansa.  The  country  in  the  rear  of  the 
projected  town  is  high,  and  covered  for  the  most  part  with 
open  oak  forests. 

3rd.  We  left  Little  Rock  at  an  early  hour,  taking  the  road 
towards  Davidsonville.  This  led  us,  for  about  four  miles, 
through  the  deep  and  gloomy  forests  of  the  Arkansa  bot- 
toms. Here  we  saw  the  Ricinus  palma  chruti  growing 
spor>taneously  by  the  road  side,  and  rising  to  the  height  of 
twelve  or  fourteen  feet.  We  arrived  at  Little  Red  river 
by  about  nine  o'clock,  the  distance  from  the  Arkansa  being 
not  more  than  eight  or  nine  miles.  In  the  high  and  rocky 
country  about  White  river,  we  fell  in,  with  the  route  which 
had  been  pursued  by  Major  Long  and  his  party,  and  follow- 
ing this  we  reached  Cape  Girardeau  a  few  days  after  their 
arrival.  The  distance  from  Belle  Point  to  Little  Rock,  by 
the  way  of  the  Hot  Springs,  is  two  hundred  and  ten  miles, 
from  Little  Rock  to  Cape  Girardeau,  three  hundred,  in  the 
whole  five  hundred  and  ten  miles. 

Major  Long's  notes  of  a  tour  in  the  Arkansa  Territory 


320  Expedition  to  the 

contain  tables  of  meteorological  observations,  showing  the 
variations  of  temperature  from  September  30th  1817  to  Janu- 
ary 31st  1818.  The  country,  in  which  these  obsei  rations 
were  made,  is  that  between  the  Arkansa,  at  Fort  Smith,  and 
the  Red  river,  at  the  mouth  of  the  Kiamesha,  about  the  Hot 
Springs  of  the  Washita,  and  the  settlement  of  the  Cadron. 
Here  we  find,  in  the  month  of  January,  the  mercury  at  zero, 
and  shortly  after  at  58*^,  a  degree  of  cold  that  would  not 
discredit  the  climate  of  Moscow,  and  a  rapidity  of  change 
and  violence  of  vicissitude  comparable  with  the  ever  vary- 
ing temperature  of  the  Atlantic  States.  We  might  expect 
in  the  latitude  of  34°,  and  in  a  region  placed  along  the  south- 
western slope  of  a  moderately  elevated  range  of  mountains, 
a  mild  and  uniform  climate.  But  almost  every  portion  of 
the  territory  of  the  United  States  seems  alijce  exposed  to  the 
influence  of  the  western  and  north-western  winds  refrigerated 
in  their  passage  over  the  wide  and  frozen  regions  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  and  rushing  down  unobstructed  across 
the  naked  plains  of  the  great  desert,  penetrating  quite  to  the 
Atlantic  coast. 

We  have  reason  to  believe  that  the  opinion  of  M.  Volney, 
respecting  the  comparative  temperature  of  the  regions  east 
and  west  of  the  Alleghany  mountains,  has  been  somewhat 
too  hastily  adopted.  Our  limited  observations  have  led  us 
to  suspect  that.at  equal  elevations,  the  aggregate  temperature, 
if  any  thing  different,  is  by  no  means  more  mild  or  equable 
on  the  western  side  of  the  mountains,  in  the  valley  of  the 
Mississippi,  than  on  the  Atlantic  coast,  and  in  confirmation 
of  this  opinion  we  are  happy  to  cite  the  authority  of  Mr. 
Darby,  whose  opportunities  for  observation  have  been  much 
greater  than  ours,  he  having  spent  sixteen  years  in  the  val- 
ley of  the  Mississippi.  Some  passages  in  the  work  of  Baron 
Humboldt  seem  at  variance  with  the  prevailing  opinion  which 
he  has  adopted  from  Volney  and  Barton,  of  the  greater  mild- 
ness of  the  climate  of  the  western  parts  of  the  Mississippi 


Rocky  Mountains.  521 

country.  "  The  proximity  of  Canada,  the  great  breadth  of 
the  new  continent  towards  the  north,  the  mass  of  snows  with 
which  it  is  covered,"  says  he,  "  occasion  in  the  Mexican 
atmosphere  frigorifications  by  no  means  to  be  expected  in 
these  regions."*  By  the  inspection  of  the  tables  of  thermo- 
metric  observations  annexed  to  this  volume  it  will  be  seen  that 
the  extremes  both  of  cold  and  heat  are  greater  at  Council 
Bluff  than  at  Germantown  in  the  vicinity  of  Philadelphia. 

It  is  proper  to  remark  that  the  winter  of  1817-18  was  con- 
sidered one  of  unusual  severity  in  the  Arkansa  Territory. 
From  the  account  of  Hunter  and  Dunbar  it  appears  that  in 
December  1804  the  weather  was  much  milder  in  the  same 
portion  of  country.  An  alligator  was  seen,  in  December, 
many  miles  above  the  entrance  of  the  Saline  Fork,  and  even 
at  the  Hot  Springs  many  plants  were  in  flower,  and  the 
ground  in  the  woods  had  considerable  appearance  of  ver- 
dure. 

On  the  12th  October,  the  Exploring  party  were  all  as- 
sembled at  Cape  Girardeau.  Lieutenant  Graham  with  the 
steam  boat  Western  Engineer,  had  arrived  a  day  or  two 
before  from  St.  Louis,  having  delayed  there,  some  time  sub- 
sequent to  his  return  from  the  Upper  Mississippi.  In  the 
discharge  of  the  duties  on  which  he  had  been  ordered, 
lieutenant  Graham  and  all  his  party,  had  suffered  severely 
from  bilious  and  intermitting  fever. 

A  few  days  subsequent  to  our  arrival  at  Cape  Girardeau, 
the  greater  number  of  those  who  had  been  of  the  party  by 
land,  experienced  severe  attacks  of  intermitting  fever,  none 
escaped  except  Capt.  Bell,  Mr.  Peale,  and  Lieut.  Swift, 
Maj.  Long  and  Capt.  Kearney,  who  had  continued  their 
journey  immediately  towards  St.  Louis,  were  taken  ill  at  St, 
Genevieve,  and  the  latter  was  confined  some  weeks.  The  at- 
tack was  almost  simultaneous  in  the  cases  of  those  who  re- 

*  New  Spain,  p.  58,  Vol.  I. 
VOL.  II.  4X 


322  Expedition  to  the 

mained  at  Cape  Girardeau,  and  it  is  highly  probable,  we  had 
all   received  the   impression   which    produced    the  disease 
nearly  at  the  same  time.     The  interruption  of  accustomed 
habits,  and  the  discontinuance  of  the  excitement  afforded  by 
travelling,  may  have  somewhat  accelerated  the  attack.    We 
had  observed  that  we  had  felt  somewhat  less  than  the  usual 
degree  of  health,  since  breathing  the  impure  and  offensive 
atmosphere  of  the  Arkansa  bottoms   about  Belle  Point,  and 
there,  we  have  no  doubt  the  disease  fastened  upon   us.     In 
every  instance,  we  had  the  opportunity  of  observing,  the  at- 
tack assumed  the  form  of  a  daily  intermittent.     The  cold 
stage  commenced  with  a  sensation  of  languor  and   depres- 
sion, attended  with  almost  incessant  yawning,  and  a  disin- 
clination to  motion,  soon  followed  by  shivering,  and  a  dis- 
tressing sensation  of  cold.     These  symptoms  pass  off  gra- 
dually, and  the  hot  stage  succeeds.     The  degree  of  fever  is 
usually  somewhat  proportioned  to  the  violence  of  the  cold 
fit,  the  respiration   becomes  full  and  frequent,  the   face   is 
flushed,   the  skin  moist,  and  the  patient  falls  into   a  heavy 
slumber;  on  awaking  after  some  time,  extreme  languor  and 
exhaustion  are  felt,  though  few  symptoms  of  fever  remain. 
This  routine  of  most  uncomfortable  feelings  commencing  at 
nine  or  ten   in   the  morning,  occupied  for  some  time,  the 
greater  part  of  our  days;  late   at  evening,  and   during  the 
night  we  suffered  less. 

Intermitting  fevers  are  of  such  universal  occurrence  in 
every  part  of  the  newly  settled  country  to  the  west,  that 
every  person  is  well  acquainted  with  the  symptoms,  and  has 
some  favorite  method  of  treatment.  A  very  common  prac- 
tice, and  one  productive  of  much  mischief,  is  that  of  admi- 
nistering large  draughts  of  whiskey  and  red  pepper,  pre- 
vious to  the  accession  of  the  cold  stage.  Applications  of 
this  kind  may  sometimes  shorten  the  cold  fit,  but  the  conse- 
quent fever  is  comparatively  increased,  and  the  disease  ren- 
dered more  obstinate.  The  Peruvian  bark  is  much  used, 
but  often  so  injudiciously  as  to  occasion  great  mischief. 


Rocky  Mountains.  323 

Cape  Girardeau,  formerly  the  seat  of  justice,  for  a  county 
of  the  same  name,  is  one  of  the  oldest  settl-  ments  in  Upper 
Louisiana,  having  been  for  a  long  time  the  residence  of  a 
Spanish  intendant  or  governor.    Occupying  the  first  conside- 
rable elevation  on  the  western  bank  of  the  Mississippi,  above 
the  mouth  of  the  Ohio,  and  affording  a  convenient  landing 
place  for  boats,  it  promises  to  become  a  place  of  some  little 
importance,  as  it  must  be  the   depot  of  a  considerable  dis- 
trict of  country,  extending  from   the   commencement  of  the 
Great  Swamp,  on  the  southeast,  to  the  upper  branches  of  the 
St.  Francis.     The  advantages  of  its  situation  must  be  con- 
sidered greater,  than  those  of  the   settlements  of  Tyawapa- 
tia  and  New  Madrid,  which  are  not  sufficiently  elevated.  It  is 
near  the  commencement  of  the  hilly  country  extending  up  the 
Mississippi,  to  the  confluence  of  the  Missouri,  northwest  to 
the  Gasconade  and  Osage  rivers,  and  southwest  to  the  pro- 
vince of  Texas.     Two  or  three  miles  below  Cape  Girardeau 
the  cypress  swamps  commence,  extending  with  little  inter- 
ruption far  to  the  south. 

The  town  comprises  at  this  time  about  twenty  log  cabins, 
several  of  them  in  ruins,  a  log  jail,  no  longer  occupit-d,  a 
large  unfinished  brick  building,  falling  rapidly  to  decay,  and 
a  small  one,  finished  and  occupied.  It  stands  on  the  slope 
and  part  of  the  summit  of  a  broad  hill,  rising  about  one  hun- 
dred and  fifty  feet  above  the  Mississippi,  and  having  a  deep 
primary  soil,  resting  on  horizontal  strata  of  compact  and 
sparry  limestone.  Near  the  place  where  boats  usually  land, 
is  a  point  of  white  rock,  jutting  into  the  Mississippi,  and  at 
a  very  low  stage  of  water,  producing  a  perceptible  ripple. 
It  is  a  white  sparry  limestone,  abounding  in  remains  of 
Encrini,  and  other  marine  animals.  If  traced  some  dis- 
tance, it  will  be  found  to  alternate  with  the  common  blue 
compact  limestone,  most  frequently  seen  in  secondary  dis- 
tricts. Though  the  stratifications  of  this  sparry  limestone 
are  horizontal,  the  rock  is  little  divided  by  seams  and  fissures, 


324  Expedition  to  the 

and  would  undoubtedly  afford  a  valuable  marble,  not  unlike 
the  Darling  marble  quarried  on  the  Hudson. 

The  streets  of  Cape  Girardeau  are  marked  out,  with  for- 
mal regularity,  intersecting  each  other  at  right  angles,  but 
they  are  now  in  some  parts  so  gullied  and  torn  by  the  rains 
as  to  be  impassable,  in  others,  overgrown  with  such  a  crop 
of  gigantic  vernonias  and  urticas,  as  to  resemble  small  fo- 
rests. The  country  back  of  the  town  is  hilly,  covered  with 
heavy  forests  of  oak,  tulip  tree,  and  nyssa,  intermixed  in  the 
vallies  with  the  sugar  tree,  and  the  fagus  sylvatica,  and  on 
the  hills  with  an  undergrowth  of  the  American  hazle,  and 
the  shot  bush  or  angelica  tree.  Settlements  are  considerately 
advanced,  and  many  well  cultivated  farms  occur  in  various 
directions. 

Two  or  three  weeks  elapsed  previous  to  Major  Long's 
return  from  St.  Louis,  when,  notwithstanding  his  ill  health, 
he  left  Cape  Girardeau  immediately,  as  did  Capt.  Bell,  both 
intending  to  prosecute  without  delay,  their  journey  to  the 
seat  of  government. 

About  the  first  of  November,  Messrs.  Say,  Graham,  and 
Seymour,  had  so  far  recovered  their  health,  as  to  venture  on 
a  voyage  to  New  Orleans,  on  their  way  home.  They  left 
Cape  Girardeau  in  a  small  boat,  which  they  exchanged  at 
the  mouth  of  the  Ohio  for  a  steam  boat,  about  to  descend. 
Mr.  Peale,  who  had  escaped  the  prevailing  sickness,  accom- 
panied them.  On  his  way  down  the  Mississippi,  Mr.  Say 
observed  the  new  animal  described  in  the  subjoined  note.* 

*  Genus  Sdncus,  Daud. 

S.  lateralis.  Say.  Light  brown  above;  a  lateral  blackish  line;  about 
six  srales  behind  the  head  wider  than  the  others. 

Body  above  light  brownish,  with  small  black  spots  or  abbreviated  lines, 
sides  with  a  dilated  black  vitta  which  commences  at  the  nostril,  passes 
through  the  eyes,  is  varied  with  pale  spots  and  abbreviated  longitudinal 
lines,  is  paler  towards  its  inferior  edge  and  obsolete  behind;  scales  smooth; 
tail,  longer  than  ihe  body,  with  very  numerous,  obsolete,  small  longitudi- 
nal  spots;  superior  and  inferior  series  of  scales  beyond  the  middle  trans. 
Tersely  widened  into  plates;  head  with  the  rostrum  rather  short;  im- 
mediately behind  the  plates  of  the  head  are  about  six  scales  larger  than 


Rocky  Mountains.  325 

Dr.  James  and  Lieut.  Swift  only,  were  left  with  the  steam 
boat  Western  Engineer  at  Cape  Girardeau.  Lieut.  Swift 
had  received  instructions,  as  soon  as  the  water  should  rise 
sufficiently,  to  proceed  with  the  boat  to  the  falls  of  Ohio, 
"where  it  was  to  remain  during  the  winter. 

Early  in  November,  the  frosts  had  been  so  severe  at  Cape 
Girardeau,  that  the  leaves  were  fallen,  and  the  country  had 
assumed  the  aspect  of  winter.  On  the  9th  at  four  P.  M. 
the  shock  of  an  earthquake  was  felt.  The  agitation  was 
such  as  to  cause  considerable  motion  in  the  furniture,  and 
other  loose  articles  in  the  room  where  we  were  sitting.  Be- 
fore we  had  time  to  collect  our  thoughts,  and  run  out  of  the 
house,  it  had  ceased  entirely;  we  had  therefore  no  opportu- 
nity to  form  an  opinion  of  its  direction.  Several  others  oc- 
curred in  the  time  of  our  stay  at  the  Cape,  but  they  all  hap- 
pened at  night,  and  were  all  of  inconsiderable  duration. 
*'  Shakes,"  as  these  concussions  are  called  by  the  inhabitants, 
are,  in  this  part  of  the  country,  extremely  frequent,  and  are 
spoken  of  as  matters  of  every  day  occurrence. 

Several  ladies  and  gentlemen,  passengers  on  board  a  steam 
boat  ascending  the  Mississippi  in  1820,  went  on  shore  near 
New  Madrid.  In  one  of  the  houses,  which  they  entered, 
they  found  a  small  collection  of  books.  As  they  were  amus- 
ing themselves  with  the  examination  of  these,  they  felt  the 
whole  house  so  violently  shaken,  that  they  were  scarce  able 
to  stand  upon  their  feet.  Some  consternation  was,  of  course, 

the  remaining  cervical  ones;  legs  spotted  with  pale;  beneath  greenish- 
white; 

Total  length  4  inches. 

Tail  2  2-5 

Occurred  during  our  passage  down  the  Mississippi  to  New  Orleans,  and 
proved  to  be  specifically  indentical  with  specimens  which  1  formerly  col- 
lected in  Georgia  and  East  Florida.  Daudin  describes  no  sppcies  with 
which  it  can  be  confounded,  if  we  except  his  S.  laticeps,  from  which  appa- 
rently kindred  species  it  differs  in  being  totally  destitute  of  any  thing  like 
bands.  The  large  scales  behind  the  head  are  very  similar  to  the  sub- 
caudal  scales  of  a  Coluber. 

The  largest  individual  I  have  seen,  was  less  than  five  inches  long— a 
specimen  is  deposited  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum. 


326  Expedition  to  the 

felt,  and  much  terror  expressed.     "  Don't  be  alarmed"  said 
the  lady  of  the  house,  "  it  is  nothing  but  an  earthquake." 

Several  houses  in  and  about  Cape  Girardeau,  have  for- 
merly been  shaken  down,  forests  have  been  overthrown,* 
and  other  considerable  changes  produced  by  their  agency. 
Their  effect  upon  the  constantly  varying  channels  and  bars 
in  the  bed  of  the  Mississippi,  must  doubtless  be  very  con- 
siderable. 

These  concussions  are  ordinarily  felt  through  a  great  ex- 
tent of  country,  from  the  settlements  on  Red  river,  and  the 
Washita,  to  the  falls  of  Ohio,  and  from  the  mouth  of  the 
Missouri  to  New  Orleans.  Their  great  extent,  and  the 
very  considerable  degree  of  violence  with  which  they  affect 
not  only  a  large  portion  of  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi,  but 
of  the  adjacent  hilly  and  mountainous  country,  appear  to  us 
most  clearly  to  indicate  a  cause  far  more  efficient,  and  deep 
seated  than  "  the  decomposition  of  beds  of  lignite  or  wood 
coal,  situated  near  the  level  of  the  river,  and  filled  with  py- 
rites," according  to  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Nuttall.f 

From  the  beginning  of  the  year  1811  till  1813,  a  vast  ex- 
tent of  the  earth  lying  between  50  and  45 '^  of  north  latitude, 
limited  by  the  meridian  of  the  Azores,  the  range  of  the  Al- 
leghanies  and  the  Green  Mountains  of  Vermont,:|:  the  valley 
of  the  Missouri,  the  Cordilleras  of  New  Grenada,  the  coasts 
of  Venezuela,  and  the  Volcanoes  of  the  smaller  West  India 
islands,  was  shaken  at  the  same  time  by  commotions  attribu- 
ted to  subterranean  fire.$  The  destruction  of  Carraccas  in 
1811,  and  of  other  towns  along  the  south-western  shores  of 

*  The  forest  adjoining  the  settlement  at  Little  Prairie  below  New- 
Madrid,  presents  a  singular  scene  of  confusion,  the  trees  standing-  inclined 
in  every  direction,  and  many  having  their  trunks  and  branches  broken. 
See  Mississippi  JVavigalor,  p.  180. 

t  Travels  into  the  Arkansa  Territory,  p.  53. 

I  Several  of  the  earthquakes  of  1811,  were  distinctly  felt  at  Middle- 
bury  in  Vermont,  on  the  shores  of  Lake  Champlain,  and  at  many  other 
places  along  the  northwestern  side  of  the  Alleghany  Mountains. 

$  See  Humb.  Pers.  Nar.  vol.  4.  p.  8. 


Hocky  Mountains.  327 

the  Mexican  gulf,  was  simultaneous  with  the  agitations  of 
the  earth  so  severely  felt  at  New  Madrid,  Cape  Girardeau, 
the  rapids  of  the  Ohio,*  and  among  the  Otoes  and  other 
tribes  on  the  Missouri, f  At  the  time  of  the  appearance  of 
a  new  island,  which  was  called  Sabrina,  in  the  volcanic 
group  of  the  Azores,  the  smaller  West  India  Islands,  though 
at  the  distance  of  several  hundred  leagues,  experienced  fre- 
quent earthquakes.  More  than  two  hundred  shocks  were 
felt,  from  May  1811  to  April  1812,  in  the  island  of  St. 
Vincent.  This  was  the  time  of  those  incessant  agitations 
in  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi,  the  Ohio,  and  the  Arkansa, 
and  in  all  the  western  parts  of  the  United  States. 

It  has  been  repeatedly  asserted,  that  volcanic  appearances 
exist  in  the  mountainous  country  between  Cape  Girardeau, 
and  the  Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita,  particularly  at  the  lat- 
ter place;  but  our  observation  has  not  tended  to  confirm 
these  accounts,  and  Hunter  and  Dunbar,  who  spent  some 
time  at  the  Hot  Springs,  confidently  deny  the  existence  of 
any  such  appearances  in  that  quarter.  Reports  have  been 
often  circulated,  principally  on  the  authority  of  hunters,  of 
explosions,  subterranean  fires,  blowings  and  bellowings  of 
the  mountains,  and  many  other  singular  phenomena,  said  to 
exist  on  the  Little  Missouri  of  Washita,  and  in  other  parts  of 
the  region  of  the  Hot  Springs;  but  it  is  easy  to  see  that 
the  combustion  of  a  coal  bed,  or  something  of  equal  in- 
significance, may  have  afforded  all  the  foundation  on  which 
these  reports  ever  rested.  But  though  no  traces  of  existing 
or  of  extinct  volcanoes,  should  be  found  in  any  part  of  the 
country  affected  by  these  earthquakes,  it  is  not,  therefore, 
necessary,  to  go  in  search  of  causes  like  those  which,  in 
other  parts  of  the  earth,  are  believed  to  produce  similar 
effects. 

On  the   morning  following  the  earthquake  above   men- 

*  Bradbury's  Tiavels,  p.  208.  2d.  Edit, 
f  See  p.  272.  vol.  1.  of  this  work. 


328  Expedition  to  the 

tioned,  a  fall  of  snow  commenced,  and  continued  during  the 
day;  towards  evening,  it  fell  mixed  with  hail  and  rain,  and 
covered  the  ground  to  the  depth  of  about  six  inches. 

The  rain  continued  for  some  days,  the  mercury  ranging 
from  40'^  to  48°  and  50°,  a  temperature  and  state  of  weather 
as  little  grateful  to  an  ague-shaken  invalid  as  any  can  be. 
The  snow,  which  fell  on  the  10th,  remained  on  the  ground 
until  the  18th,  when  it  had  nearly  disappeared,  and  a  succes- 
sion of  bright  days  followed.  The  air  was  now  filled  with 
countless  flocks  of  geese,  sand-hill  cranes,  and  other  migra- 
tory birds  on  their  passage  to  the  south.  The  migrations  of 
the  Ardea  catiadensis  afford  one  of  the  most  beautiful  in- 
stances of  animal  motion  we  can  any  where  meet  with. 
These  birds  fly  at  a  great  height,  and  wheeling  in  circles, 
appear  to  float  without  effort,  on  the  surface  of  an  serial  cur- 
rent, by  whose  eddies  they  are  borne  about  in  an  endless 
series  of  revolutions.  Though  larger  than  a  goose,  they  are 
seen  to  rise  to  so  great  an  elevation,  as  to  appear  like  points, 
sometimes  luminous,  and  sometimes  opake,  as  they  happen 
to  intercept  or  reflect  the  rays  of  the  sun,  but  even  from  this 
height  their  shrill  and  incessant  clamour  may  be  heard. 

While  at  Cape  Girardeau,  we  were  induced,  from  motives 
of  curiosity,  to  attend  at  the  performance  of  some  ceremo- 
nies by  the  negroes,  over  the  grave  of  one  of  their  friends, 
who  had  been  buried  a  month  since.  The)'  were  assembled 
round  the  grave  where  several  hymns  were  sung,  an  exhor- 
tation was  also  pronounced  by  one  who  officiated  as  minister 
of  the  gospel,  who  also  made  a  prayer  for  the  welfare  of  the 
soul  of  the  deceased.  This  ceremony,  we  are  told,  is  common 
among  the  negroes  in  many  parts  of  the  United  States;  the 
dead  are  buried  privately,  and  with  few  marks  of  attention; 
a  month  afterwards,  the  friends  assemble  at  the  grave,  where 
they  indulge  their  grief,  and  signify  their  sorrow  for  the  de- 
ceased, by  the  performance  of  numerous  religious  rites. 

On  the  22nd  November,  having  been  informed  the  Ohio 


Hocky  Mountains.  329 

had  risen  several  inches,  Lieutenant  Swift  determined  to 
leave  Cape  Girardeau  with  the  steam-boat  on  the  following 
day.  Dr.  James  had  so  far  recovered  as  to  be  able  to  tra- 
vel on  horseback,  and  immediately  set  forward  on  the  jour- 
ney to  the  Falls  of  Ohio,  intending  to  proceed,  by  the  nearest 
route  across  the  interior  of  Illinois. 

The   immediate  valley   of  the    Mississippi,   opposite  the 
little  village  of  Bainbridge,  ten  miles  above  Cape  Girardeau, 
is    four  miles  wide,   exclusive  of  the  river,  which  washes 
the  bluffs  along  the  western  side.     Upwards  it  expands  into 
the  broad,  fertile,  and  anciently  populous  valley,  called  the 
American   bottom.     On  the  east   it   is  bounded  by  abrupt 
hills  of  a  deep  argillaceous  loam,  disclosing  no  rocks,  and 
rather  infertile,  bearing  forests  of  oak,  sweet  gum,  tupelo,  &c. 
The  road  crossing  the  hilly  country  between  the  Mississippi 
and  the  village  of  Golconda  on  the  Ohio  passes  several  pre- 
cocious little  towns,  which  apppear,  as  is  often  the  case  in  a 
recently  settled  country,  to  have  outgrown  their  permanent 
resources.     The    lands,  however,  are  not  entirely  worthless, 
and  on  some  of  the  upper  branches  of  the  Cache,  a  river  of 
the    Ohio,   we  passed  some  fertile  bottoms,  though  they  are 
not  entirely  exempt  from  inundation  at  the  periodical  floods. 
The  compact  limestone   about   Golconda  contains   beautiful 
crystals  of  fluate  of  lime.    Sulphuret  of  lead  also  occurs  in 
that  vicinity,  as  we  have  been  informed,  in  vt:ins  accompa- 
nying the  fluate  of  lime. 

On  arriving  at  Golconda,  Dr.  James  had  become  so  much 
indisposed,  by  a  recurrence  of  fever  and  ague,  as  to  be  un- 
able to  proceed.  This  circumstance,  with  others,  induced 
Lieutenant  Swift  to  leave  the  steam-boat  for  the  winter  at 
the  mouth  of  Cumberland  river,  twenty  miles  below.  After 
a  delay  of  a  few  days,  the  latter  continued  his  journey  to- 
wards Philadelphia  on  horseback. 

Having  thus  traced  the  progress  of  the  Exploring -party  to 
the  place  of  their    final  separation,  we  shall  here  add  some 

VOL.  II.  42 


330  Expedition^  £s?c. 

discussions  concerning  the  topography  and  the  mineral  geo- 
graphy of  the  countries  west  of  the  Alleghany  mountains,  of 
a  more  general  description  than  seemed  compatible  with  the 
humble  style  of  a  diary,  which  we  thought  convenient  to  re- 
tain. The  following  paper  from  Major  Long,  comprises 
moreover,  many  observations  made  on  various  journies  pre- 
vious to  those  detailed  in  the  foregoing  account,  and  in  parts 
of  the  country  remote  from  those  traversed  by  the  Expedi- 
tion.* 

*  Most  of  the  collections  made  on  this  expedition  have  arrived  at  Phi- 
ladelphia, and  are  in  good  preservation.  They  comprise,  among  other 
things,  more  than  sixty  prepared  skins  of  new  or  rare  animals,  which 
have  been  depiosited  in  the  Philadelphia  Museum;  several  thousand  in- 
sects, seven  or  eight  hundred  of  which  are  probably  new;  five  hundred 
have  already  been  ascertained  to  be  so,  and  have  been  described. 

The  herbarium  contains  between  four  and  five  hundred  species  of 
plants,  new  to  the  Flora  of  the  Uqited  States,  and  many  of  them  supposed 
to  be  undescribed. 

Many  of  the  minerals,  collected  by  Mr.  Jessup,  were  left  at  Smithland, 
Ky.  A  suite  of  small  specimens,  adapted  to  the  illustration  of  the  geology 
of  the  country  from  the  Alleghanies  to  the  Rocky  Mountains  has  been 
received. 

A  collection  of  terrestrial  and  fiuviatile  shells  was  also  made.  Of  these 
more  than  twenty  new  species  have  already  been  described  and  published. 
The  organic  reliquiae  collected  on  the  voyage  from  i  ittsburgh  to  St.  Louis, 
have  not  yet  been  received  in  Philadelphia,  but  are  daily  expected. 

The  sketches  executed  by  Mr.  Peale  amount  to  one  hundred  and 
twenty-two;  of  these  twenty-one  only  were  finished,  the  residue  being 
merely  outlines  of  quadrupeds,  birds,  insects,  &c. 

The  landscape  views,  by  Mr  Seymour,  are  one  hundred  and  fifty  in 
number:  of  these,  sixty  have  been  finished. 

We  take  this  opportunity  to  express  our  acknowledgments  of  the  polite- 
ness of  Messrs.  Price  and  Morgan,  who  have  kindly  franked  the  transpor- 
tation of  our  collections  from  New  Orleans  to  this  city. 


END  OF    THE  NARRATIVE. 


CHAPTER  XVIII. 

General  description  of  the  country  traversed  by  the  Exploring 
Expedition^  extracted  from  a  report  of  Major  Long  to  the 
Hon.  J.  C.  Calhoun^  Secretary  of  War^  dated  Philadelphia, 
January  20th,  1821. 

The  region  to  which  the  attention  of  the  expedition  has 
been  directed,  occupies  a  respectable  portion  of  the  immense 
valley  situated  between  the  Alleghany  and  Rocky  Mountains, 
and  lies  between  thirty-five  and  forty-two  degrees  of  north 
latitude,  and  eighty  and  one  hundred  and  six  degrees  of  west 
longitude  from  Greenwich,  embracing  an  extent  of  about  five 
hundred  miles  in  width  from  north  to  south,  and  6ne  thou- 
sand three  hundred  miles  in  length  from  east  to  west.  As 
might  be  expected  in  a  region  of  this  extent,  a  great  diver- 
sity of  surface  is  presented  to  view,  exhibiting  all  the 
varieties,  from  the  most  level  and  unbroken,  to  the  most 
rugged  and  mountainous  aspect.  'I'he  most  broken  parts 
of  this  region,  are  those  situated  along  the  Ohio,  from  its 
source  to  its  confluence  with  the  Mississippi,  and  on  the 
west  of  the  Mississippi,  between  Red  river  and  the  Ar- 
kansa,  and  between  the  latter  and  the  Missouri,  extending 
westward  about  four  hundred  miles  from  the  Mississippi. 
The  whole  region,  in  a  geological  point  of  view,  is  constitu- 
ted of  three  varieties  of  formations,  which  characterize  the 
surface  throughout,  viz.  transition,  secondary,  and  alluvial. 
A  tract,  however,  of  considerable  extent,  including  the  Hot 
Springs  of  the  Washita,  and  extending  northeastwardly  to 
the  Lead  Mines  back  of  St.  Genevieve,  has  by  some  been 
considered  as  primitive;  but  it  is  believed  that  the  rocks  dis- 
coverable therein,  are  not  of  a  character  to  warrant  such  a 
decision. 

In  order  to  give  a  more  distinct  conception  of  the  country 
or  region  under  consideration,  it  may  be  regarded  as  divisi- 
ble into  the  following  sections,  viz.  1st.  the  country  situated 
between  the  Ohio  river  and  the  Alleghany  Mountains;  2nd, 
the  country  situated  between  the  Ohio,  Mississippi,  and  the 
lakes;  3d,  the  country  situated  between  the  Mississippi  and 
Missouri  rivers;  4th,  the  country  situated  between  the  Red 
and  the  Missouri  rivers,  west  of  the  Mississippi,  and  east  of 


332  Expedition  to  the 

the  meridian  of  Council  Bluff;  and  5th,  the  country  between 
the  proposed  meridian  and  the  Rocky  Mountains. 

I. — Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Ohio   river  and  the 
Alleghany  Mountains. 

The  country  on  the  south  side  of  the  Ohio,  including  the 
northerly  parts  of  Pennsylvania,  Virginia  and  Tennessee,  to- 
gether with  the  whole  of  Kentucky,  abounds  in  hills  elevated, 
in  thevicinity  of  the  Ohio, from  fourtoeighthundredorathou- 
sand  feet  above  the  water  table  of  the  river,  and  rising  many 
hundred  feet  higher,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Alleghany 
Mountains.  This  section  is  watered  by  many  streams  of  con- 
siderable magnitude,  tributary  to  the  Ohio,  the  most  import- 
ant of  which  are  the  Monongahela,  Kenhawa,  Great  Sandy, 
Licking,  Kentucky,  Salt,  Greene,  Cumberland, and  Tennessee. 
Most  of  these  rivers  are  navigable  for  keel-boats,  and  many 
of  them  for  steam-boats,  some  hundreds  of  miles,  during  the 
boating  season,  which  generally  commences  about  the  20th  of 
February,  and  terminates  early  in  June.  Occasional  freshets 
contribute  to  render  them  navigable  during  short  portions  of 
the  other  months  of  the  year,  but  no  reliance  can  be  placed 
on  periodical  returns  of  freshets,  excepting  those  of  the  spring 
season.  Upon  these  rivers  are  extensive  and  valuable  tracts  of 
bottom  land,  covered  with  deep  and  heavy  forests,  and  pos- 
sessed of  a  soil  adapted  to  the  cultivation  of  all  the  variety 
of  vegetable  products,  common  to  the  various  climates  in 
which  they  are  situated.  The  highlands  back  of  the  bottoms, 
although  variegated  with  hills  and  vallies,  alternating  with 
each  other  in  quick  succession,  are  generally  possessed  of  a 
surface  susceptible  of  being  tilled,  and  in  many  instances,  of 
a  soil  equally  rich  and  prolific,  with  that  of  the  bottoms.  In 
many  parts  of  the  country,  however,  the  hills  are  abrupt  and 
stony,  to  such  a  degree  as  renders  them  unfit  for  tillage. 
The  average  produce  per  acre,  upon  the  farming  lands  of 
this  section  may  be  estimated  at  the  following  rates,  viz.  In- 
dian-corn or  maize,  forty  bushels,  wheat  twenty-two,  rye 
twenty-six,  oats  thirty- five,  barley  thirty,  tobacco  from  twelve 
to  fifteen  hundred  weight,  and  cotton  from  five  to  seven 
hundred  weight.  In  regard  to  the  products  last  mentioned, 
viz.  cotton  and  tobacco,  it  should  be  observed,  that  they  are 
cultivated  only  in  the  southwesterly  parts  of  this  section,  and 
that  oats  and  barley  are  seldom  cultivated,  except  in  the  up- 
per or  northeasterly  parts. 

Of  the  population  of  this  section,  if  we  except  the  towns 


Rocky  Mountains.  333 

and  villages  and  their  immediate  vicinities,  as  also  a  large 
portion  of  country  surrounding  Lexington,  Kentucky,  and 
another  of  considerable  extent,  including  Nashville,  Tennes- 
see, it  is  yet  but  thinly  inhabited,  affording  room  fbr  a  popu- 
lation far  more  numerous  and  more  widely  diffused.  There 
are  extensive  tracts  of  country  between  the  Alleghany  moun- 
tains and  the  Ohio,  as  yet  almost  entirely  destitute  of  inha- 
bitants, the  most  considerable  of  which  are  situated  in  the 
vicinity  of  the  mountains,  also  the  country  generally  between 
Tennesse  river  and  the  Mississippi.  As  this  section  of  coun- 
try is  pretty  generally  well  known,  the  foregoing  outline  of 
its  topography  will  suffice. 

II. — Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Ohio,  Mississippi, 
and  the  Lakes. 

The  section  of  country  next  in  the  order  proposed,  is  situ- 
ated north  of  the  Ohio  river,  and  comprehends  the  states  of 
Ohio,  Indianna,  and  Illinois.  This  section  may  be  subdivid- 
ed into  three  orders  or  varieties  of  country,  which  merit  a 
separate  consideration,  viz.  the  hilly,  the  plain  or  rolling, 
and  the  valley  country. 

1.  The  hilly  country  like,  that  south  of  the  Ohio,  exhibits 
a  very  uneven  surface,  variegated  with  hills  and  dales,  irre- 
gularly distributed,  and  occupying  about  one-third  part  of 
the  section  under  consideration.  This  portion  of  the  country, 
is  of  an  oblong  form,  extending  in  a  direction  nearly  parallel 
to  that  of  the  Alleghany  mountains.  It  is  limited  on  the 
southeast  by  the  Ohio  river,  and  on  the  northwest  by  an  im- 
aginary line,  commencing  on  the  Mississippi  near  the  Grand 
Tower,  and  running  in  a  direction  nearly  east-northeast,  till 
it  approaches  the  easterly  part  of  Lake  Erie.  On  the  east  it 
mingles  with  the  hilly  country,  comprehended  in  the  back 
parts  of  Pennsylvania  and  New  York.  In  short,  the  whole 
region,  situated  between  the  Alleghany  mountains  and  the 
imaginary  line  above  specified;  or,  in  other  words,  the  coun- 
try through  which  the  Ohio  and  its  tributaries,  except  the 
Wabash,  have  their  courses,  may  be  arranged  under  this  head. 
The  hills,  throughout  the  whole,  are  very  similar  in  respect 
to  their  altitudes,  multiplicity,  and  conformation. 

Although  the  hilly  country,  north  of  the  Ohio,  is  in  many 
places  rugged  and  broken,  yet  a  large  portion  of  it  is  suscep- 
tible of  cultivation.  No  high  mountains  are  to  be  seen;  the 
hills  usually  rise  from  six  to  eight  hundred  feet  above  the  com- 
mon level,  or  about  one  thousand  feet  above  the  water  tables 


334  Expedition  to  the 

of  the  principal  rivers,  and  invariably  present  rounded  sum- 
mits. Interspersed  amongst  the  hills,  are  numerous  fine  tracts 
of  arable  land,  which  may,  in  general,  be  alleged  of  the  vallies 
of  the  numerous  rivers  and  creeks  by  which  the  country  is 
watered.  The  soil  upon  the  hills  is  generally  productive,  ex- 
cept where  the  surface  is  rocky,  and  the  declivities  abrupt, 
which  is  more  particularly  the  case  in  the  vicinity  of  rivers, 
where  the  high  lands  are  divided  into  numerous  knobs,  being 
cut  by  deep  ravines,  with  abrupt  and  precipitous  banks. 

The  hilly  country  having  been  generally  esteemed  more 
healthy  than  either  of  the  other  varieties,  above  mentioned, 
has  acquired  a  more  numerous  population  than  the  latter. 
As  yet,  however,  no  part  of  this  section  has  its  full  comple- 
ment of  inhabitants,  if  we  except  as  before,  the  numerous 
towns  and  villages,  and  their  immediate  neighbourhoods.  In 
regard  to  the  products  of  agriculture,  the  same  remarks  that 
have  been  made  concerning  the  section  south  of  the  Ohio, 
are  equally  applicable  to  the  country  under  consideration, 
with  the  exception  that  cotton  is  cultivated  only  in  the  south- 
westerly extreme  of  this  section,  and  tobacco  is  raised  for 
domestic  uses  only. 

The  most  considerable  rivers  intersecting  this  section  of 
country,  are  the  Muskingum,  Scioto,  Big  Miami,  and  Wa- 
bash, all  of  which  in  the  spring  season,  are  navigable  two  or 
three  hundred  miles  from  their  mouths.  The  vallies  of  these 
rivers,  give  place  to  many  extensive  and  fertile  bottoms, 
well  adapted  to  cultivation,  and  producing  the  necessaries  of 
life  in  great  abundance  and  variety. 

2.  The  Plain  or  Rolling  country  is  separated  from  that  last 
under  consideration,  by  the  imaginary  line  above  mentioned. 
It  is  not  to  be  inferred,  however,  that  the  junction  of  these 
two  regions,  is  distinctly  marked  by  any  characters  what- 
ever, by  which  the  line  can  be  traced  with  precision,  but  that 
a  gradual  change  of  aspect  is  observable  in  travelling  from 
one  variety  of  country  to  the  other,  and  that  the  general  di- 
rection of  the  line  indicated  by  this  change,  is  that  specified 
above.  The  other  boundaries  of  this  variety  are  the  Missis- 
sippi on  the  west,  and  the  Lakes  Erie,  and  Michigan,  and  the 
Fox  and  VVisconsan  rivers,  on  the  north  and  east.  This  variety 
of  country,  although  not  entirely  destitute  of  hills,  is  almost 
throughout  the  whole  extent,  possessed  of  an  undulating  or 
rolling  surface,  rising  into  broad  and  gentle  swells  in  some 
parts,  and  subsiding  into  extensive  flats  or  plains  in  others. 
The  vallies  of  numberless  water  courses,  bounded  by  abrupt 


Rocky  Mountains,  335 

bluffs  or  banks,  afford  some  diversity  to  its  aspect;  and  the 
bluffs  in  particular,  of  the  principal  streams,  being  cut  by 
numerous  ravines,  contribute  in  many  places  to  give  the  sur- 
face a  hilly  and  broken  appearance.  Although  no  part  of  this 
region  can  with  propriety  be  denominated  hilly,  especially 
when  compared  with  the  portions  of  country  above  consider- 
ed, yet  upon  the  Wisconsan,  Fox,  the  head-waters  of  Rock 
and  Melwakee  rivers,  the  country  is  considerably  diversified 
with  hills,  or  rather  swells  and  vallies.  The  only  hills  worthy 
of  particular  notice,  not  only  in  this  variety,  but  in  the  whole 
section  under  consideration,  are  the  Ocooch  and  Smoky 
mountains,  which  are  broad  and  elevated  ridges,  rather  than 
mountains.  The  former  is  situated  about  twelve  miles  north 
of  the  Wisconsan,  one  hundred  miles  above  its  mouth,  and 
the  latter  about  forty  miles  south  of  the  portage  between  the 
river  just  mentioned,  and  Fox  river  of  Green  Bay.  The 
rivers  of  most  note  within  this  region,  are  the  Wabash  above 
the  hilly  country,  before  described,  the  Kaskaskias,  Illinois, 
Rock  and  Wisconsan,  tributary  to  the  Mississippi,  the  Fox 
of  Green  Bay,  the  St.  Joseph  of  Lake  Michigan,  and  the 
Maumee  and  Sandusky  tributary  to  Lake  Erie.  These  rivers 
are  all  navigable  for  boats  of  ten  to  fifteen  tons  burden,  when 
swollen  by  spring  freshets,  but  during  the  greater  part  of  the 
summer  and  fall,  they  have  not  a  sufficient  depth  of  water  to 
be  navigable  for  boats  of  burden,  and  in  winter  their  naviga- 
tion is  entirely  obstructed  by  ice.  The  spring  freshets,  con- 
sequent to  the  melting  of  the  snow  and  ice,  usually  take  place 
in  the  month  of  March,  the  southerly  streams  being  open  for 
navigation  much  earlier  than  those  in  the  north. 

The  Prairies  or  Savannas  east  of  the  Mississippi,  are 
mostly  situated  in  this  particular  region,  occupying  at  least 
three-fourths  of  it.  These  are  waving  or  flat  tracts  of  country 
of  greater  or  less  extent,  separated  from  each  other  by  nar- 
row skirts  of  woodland  situated  upon  the  margins  of  rivers 
and  creeks.  They  are  generally  possessed  of  a  rich  soil, 
yielding  a  spontaneous  growth  of  grass  and  other  herbage  of 
a  luxuriant  appearance.  They  are  well  adapted  to  the  culti- 
vation of  corn,  wheat,  rye,  barley,  oats,  &c.,  of  which  they 
yield  plentiful  crops. 

The  prevailing  opinion,  in  regard  to  this  portion  of  the 
country,  viz.  that  it  is  unhealthy,  appears  too  well  founded 
to  admit  of  refutation.  The  causes  that  contribute  to  render 
it  so,  are  very  obvious.  A  large  proportion  of  the  prairies, 
are  so  flat,  that  much  of  the  water  deposited  upon  them  by 
showers,  remains  stagnant  upon  the  surface,  till  it  is  carried 


336  Expedition  to  the 

off  gradually  by  evaporation,  which  renders  the  atmosphere 
humid  and  unhealthy.  The  vegetable  mould  of  which  the 
immediate  surface  is  composed,  and  the  abundance  of  vege- 
tables that  spring  and  decay  upon  the  ground,  contribute 
largely  to  render  these  exhalations  more  deleterious-  Al- 
though there  are  but  few  swamps  or  mashes,  and  very  rarely 
pools  of  stagnant  water  to  be  met  with  in  this  region,  still, 
the  general  water-table  of  the  country  is  so  little  inclined, 
that  the  streams,  having  but  a  moderate  descent,  are  uni- 
formly sluggish,  often  exhibiting  the  appearance  of  a  suc- 
cession of  stagnant  pools.  The  consequence  is,  that  the  ve- 
getable matter  they  contain,  instead  of  being  carried  away  by 
the  strength  of  the  current,  is  deposited  upon  the  bottoms  and 
sides  of  the  channels,  and  while  in  its  purtrescent  state, 
serves  to  augment  the  quantity  of  noxious  effluvia  with  which 
the  atmosphere  is  charged. 

The  population  of  this  region,  compared  with  its  extent, 
is  very  limited;  and,  with  the  exception  of  a  few  villages,  the 
settlements  are  very  scattering.  Large  portions  of  it,  em- 
bracing the  northerly  parts  of  Indiana  and  Ilhnois,  are  al- 
most entirely  destitute  of  inhabitants.  Many  parts  of  the 
country  must  remain  uninhabited  for  many  years  to  come, 
on  account  of  the  scarcity  of  timber,  and  other  deficiencies, 
such  as  the  want  of  mill-seats,  springs  of  water,  &c.,  which 
are  serious  blemishes  in  the  character  of  a  large  proportion 
of  the  country.  There  are  however,  numerous  and  exten- 
sive tracts  within  this  region,  possessed  of  a  rich  soil,  and  in 
other  respects  well  adapted  for  settlements,  and  presenting 
the  strongest  inducements  for  emigrants  to  occupy  them. 

3.  The  country  of  the  third  order,  agreeably  to  the  subdi- 
vision above  given,  viz.  the  valley  country,  is  situated  upon 
the  rivers,  and  is  included  within  the  hilly  and  plain  coun- 
tries above  described.  The  tracts  belonging  to  this  order, 
usually  denominated  bottoms,  are  altogether  alluvial,  being 
composed  of  alternate  layers  of  sand  and  soil,  deposited  from 
the  water  of  the  rivers  upon  which  they  are  respectively  si- 
tuated. The  alluvion  thus  deposited,  having  once  constitut- 
ed a  part  of  the  surface  of  the  countries  drained  by  the  water 
courses  tributary  to  the  rivers  along  which  the  deposit  has 
been  made,  it  will  readily  be  inferred  that  the  fecundity  of 
the  vallies  will,  in  some  measure,  correspond  with  that  of 
the  countries  whence  their  alluvion  was  derived.  According- 
ly, we  find  the  bottoms  more  or  less  productive,  in  propor- 
tion to  the  fertility  of  the  regions  in  which  the  rivers  take 


Rocky  Mountains.  387 

their  rise  and  through  which  they  flow.  In  the  valley  of  the 
Ohio,  the  quality  of  the  soil  appears  to  improve,  from  its 
source  downward.  The  alluvion  of  which  it  is  composed,  is 
supplied  by  the  Alleghany  and  Monongahela  rivers,  which 
have  their  origin  and  courses  in  a  hilly  and  mountainous 
country,  possessed  in  general  of  a  sandy  surface.  The  allu- 
vion supplied  by  other  tril)utanes,  entering  the  Ohio  at  va- 
rious points  between  its  source  and  its  mouth,  is  of  a  better 
quality,  being  composed  principally  of  argillaceous  and  cal- 
careous earth,  which  are  prevailing  ingredients  in  the  soil  of 
the  country  drained  by  those  tributaries. 

It  should  be  remarked,  however,  in  relation  to  all  the  va- 
rieties of  alluvia,  that  they  are  partially  composed  of  the  fine 
particles  of  decayed  vegetable  matter,  with  which  the  water 
drained  from  the  surface  of  the  ground  is  invariably  charged. 
This  property,  in  alluvial  deposits,  often  prevails  to  such  a 
degree  as  to  render  soils  apparently  bandy  and  sterile,  re- 
markablv  productive.  The  alluvial  bottoms  throughout  the 
United  States  afford  innumerable  examples  of  this  fact.  The 
fertilizing  principle  is  no  doubt  partially  contained  in  the 
slimy  deposits  left  upon  the  surface  of  the  ground  after  an 
inundation,  essentially  contributing  to  the  fecundity  of  the 
soil. 

The  most  extensive  tract  of  valley  country  east  of  the 
Mississippi,  is  that  situated  within  the  bluffs  of  this  river, 
usually  denominatf-d  the  American  bottom,  extending  from 
the  mouth  of  the  Ocoa  or  Kaskaskias  river,  northwardly  to 
that  of  the  Missouri.  This  spacious  bottom,  although  at 
present  elevated  much  above  the  range  of  the  highest  fresh- 
ets, is  nevertheless  alluvial.  Its  length  along  the  Mississip- 
pi is  about  eiffhty,  and  its  average  breadth  about  four  miles. 
It  is  generally  destitute  of  a  timber  growth,  excejit  along  the 
margin  of  the  river,  upon  which  is  a  skirt  of  woodland  ex- 
tending almost  from  one  end  of  the  tract  to  the  other.  The 
alluvion  of  the  American  bottom  is  composed  of  the  rich 
mud  brought  down  by  the  turbid  Missouri,  united  with  an 
abundance  of  vegetable  matter  yielded  by  the  waters  of  the 
Upper  Mississippi,  which  also  characterizes  the  bottoms  of 
this  extensive  river,  from  the  Missouri  downward  to  its 
mouth.  Upon  this  bottom  are  situated  the  town  of  Kaskas- 
kia,  the  villages  of  Prairie  de  Rocher,  Harrison,  Prairie  du 
Pont,  Cahokia,  and  Illinois,  together  with  many  other  settle- 
ments. 

On  the  same  side  of  the  river  another  large  tract  of  valley 

VOL,  II.  43 


338  Expedition  to  the 

land,  called  the  Mississippi  bottom,  commences  a  few  miles 
below  the  mouth  of  the  river  Kaskaskias,  and  extends  down- 
ward along  the  Mississippi  between  fifty  and  sixty  miles, 
having  an  average  width  of  about  three  miles.  This  tract, 
in  regard  to  soil  and  aspect,  is  of  a  character  similar  to  that 
of  the  American  bottom,  except  that  the  former  is  more  plen- 
tifully stocked  with  timber. 

Besides  these,  there  are  numerous  other  bottoms  on  the 
Mississippi,  within  the  limits  prescribed  for  this  report,  all 
of  which  are  composed  of  a  rich  alluvion.  Those  in  particu- 
lar, situated  below  the  confluence  of  the  Mississippi  and 
Missouri,  are  possessed  of  a  soil  exceedingly  luxuriant,  be- 
ing composed,  as  before  observed,  of  the  rich  and  fertilizing 
mud  deposited  from  the  water  of  the  Missouri.  Most  of 
them  are  covered  with  deep  and  heavy  forests  of  timber,  ac- 
companied with  a  luxuriant  under  growth  of  vines,  shrubs, 
grass  and  other  herbage. 

The  bottoms  of  the  Wabash,  Kaskaskias,  Illinois,  and 
Hock  rivers,  are  also  made  up  of  a  rich  alluvion  of  sand  and 
loam,  containing  a  large  proportion  of  vegetable  mould. 
Their  surfaces,  like  those  of  the  Mississippi  bottoms,  are  ge- 
nerally flat,  exhibiting  tabular  elevations  or  benches,  formed 
by  the  washing  of  the  rivers  at  different  periods.  Large 
tracts  of  prairie  land  are  to  be  met  with  upon  them,  but  for 
the  most  part,  the  proportion  of  woodland  is  amply  sufiicient 
to  supply  the  adjacent  country  with  timber  and  fuel. 

The  vallies  of  these  rivers  diflfer  from  that  of  the  Ohio, 
not  only  in  having  a  greater  width,  but  also,  in  being  limited 
on  both  sides  by  bluffs  stretching  along  their  whole  length, 
and  maintaining  nearly  a  parallel  direction;  whereas  the  val- 
ley of  the  Ohio  is  bounded  by  aprupt  hills,  irregularly  dis- 
posed, in  some  instances,  protruding  far  into  the  valley,  like 
promontories,  and  in  others,  retiring  from  the  river  and  af- 
fording room  for  bottoms  of  pretty  large  extent. 

The  Ohio  bottoms  are  uniformly  clad  in  deep  forests,  ex- 
cept where  these  have  been  removed  by  settlers — no  prairies 
worthy  of  notice  making  their  appearance. 

The  valley  country,  from  the  circumstances  already  de- 
tailed in  allusion  to  the  country  constituting  the  second  va- 
riety, is  almost  without  exception  unhealthy.  But,  at  the 
same  time,  it  appears  evident  that  this  evil  gradually  de- 
creases in  proportion  to  the  increase  of  population,  and  the 
consequent  advancement  of  agriculture;  for  the  products  of 
the  soil,  which  the  bottoms  yield  in  the  greatest  profusion. 


*  Rocky  Mountains.  339 

instead  of  being  left  to  wither  and  decay  upon  the  surface, 
are  necessarily  consumed  in  the  subsistence  of  man  and 
beast,  in  consequence  of  which,  one  of  the  most  fruitful 
causes  of  pestilential  effluvia,  viz.  vegetable  putrefaction  is 
in  a  very  considerable  degree,  removed. 

The  prevailing  timber  growth  of  the  region,  comprehend- 
ing the  two  sections  of  country  already  described,  is  exhibit- 
ed in  the  following  list  of  trees,  viz.  cotton  wood,  willow, 
sycamore,  black  walnut,  pecan,  coffee  tree,  sweet  and  sour  or 
black  gum,  red  and  water  elm,  hackberry,  blue  and  white 
ash,  linden,  yellow  and  white  poplar,  catalpa,  black  and  honey 
locust,  buck  eye,  bur  oak,  white  and  black  oak,  mulberry, 
box  elder,  v/hite  dogwood,  sugar  tree,  white  maple,  wild 
cherry,  red  oak,  hickory,  iron  wood  and  hop  hornbeam.  The 
foregoing  constitute  the  principal  timber  growth  of  the  valley 
country,  and  are  to  be  met  with  more  or  less  frequently 
throughout  the  whole  of  it.  Red  beech  is  abundant  in  some 
parts  of  the  valley  of  the  Ohio,  and  in  those  of  many  of  its 
tributaries.  It  abounds  also  in  the  northerly  parts  of  the 
states  of  Ohio  and  Indiana.  Post  oak,  black-jack,  and  se- 
veral other  varieties  of  the  oak,  also,  chesnut,  white  and 
shell-bark  hickory,  persimmon,  &c.  are  sometimes  found  in 
the  bottoms,  but  are  more  prevalent  upon  the  hills  and  high 
lands.  Pitch  pine  abounds  in  many  parts  of  Ohio  and  Indi- 
ana, and  generally  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Alleghany 
mountains.  White  pine  occasionally  makes  its  appearance  in 
the  northerly  parts  of  Ohio.  Red  cedar  is  found  in  a  great 
variety  of  places  throughout  the  country,  but  nowhere  in 
great  abundance. 

The  under- growth  of  the  several  tracts  of  country  above 
considered,  includes  a  great  variety  of  shrubs,  vines,  bram- 
bles, grasses,  and  other  herbage,  to  be  enumerated  in  a  Bo- 
tanical catalogue  daily  expected  from  Dr.  James. 

The  most  valuable  timber  trees  are  the  white,  post,  and 
bur  oaks,  the  white  and  blue  ash,  the  shell  bark  hickory,  the 
black  walnut,  the  cherry,  the  locust,  chesnut,  poplar,  mulber- 
ry, birch,  cotton  wood  and  Imden.  The  two  last  mentioned 
are  seldom  used  when  other  kinds  of  timber  are  to  be  had. 
The  cotton  wood  is  not  only  the  most  abundant  timber 
growth  upon  the  bottoms,  but  is  more  widely  diffused  than 
any  other,  and  in  many  places,  is  the  only  variety  of  forest 
trees  that  makes  its  appearance,  which,  however,  is  more 
particularly  the  case  westward  of  the  Mississippi. 


340  Expedition  to  the 

III. — Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Mississippi  and 
Missouri  rivers. 

We  next  proceed  to  a  consideration  of  the  country  west  of 
the  Mississippi,  and  shall  begin  with  that  situated  between 
this  river  and  the  Missouri.  This  section  contains  no  moun- 
tains, or  indeed  hills  of  any  considerable  magnitude.  The 
term  rolling  appears  to  be  peculiarly  applicable  in  conveying 
an  idea  of  the  surface  of  this  region,  although  it  is  not  en- 
tirely destitute  of  abrupt  hills  and  precipices.  The  aspect  of 
the  whole  is  variegated  with  the  broad  vallies  of  rivers  and 
creeks,  and  intervening  tracts  of  undulating  up-land,  united 
to  the  vallies  by  gentle  slopes.  Its  surface  is  chequered  with 
stripes  of  wood  land  situated  upon  the  margins  of  the  water 
courses,  and  dividing  the  whole  into  extensive  parterres.  If 
we  except  those  parts  of  the  section  that  are  contiguous  to 
the  Mississippi  and  MissDuri,  at  least  nineteen-twentieths  of 
the  country  are  completely  destitute  of  a  timber  growth. 

Within  the  vallies  of  these  two  rivers  are  extensive  tracts 
of  alluvial  bottom,  possessed  of  a  rich  soil.  The  bottoms  of 
the  Missouri,  in  particular,  are  probably  inferior  to  none 
within  the  limits  of  the  United  States,  in  point  of  fertility. 
Those  of  the  Mississippi  are  very  rich,  but  do  not  exhibit 
symptoms  of  so  great  fecundity  as  the  former.  The  bottoms 
of  both,  on  ascending  the  rivers,  become  more  sandy,  and 
apparently  less  productive. 

The  bottoms  of  the  Missouri  are,  for  the  most  part,  clad 
in  a  deep  and  heavy  growth  of  timber  and  under-brush,  to 
the  distance  of  about  three  hundred  and  fifty  miles  above  its 
mouth  There  are,  however,  prairies  of  considerable  extent 
occasionally  to  be  met  with  on  this  part  of  the  river.  Higher 
up  the  prairies  within  the  river  valley,  become  more  numer- 
ous and  extensive,  till  at  length  no  woodlands  appear,  except 
tracts  of  small  size,  situated  at  the  points  formed  by  the 
meanders  of  the  river. 

The  bottoms  on  the  Upper  Mississippi,  (that  part  of  the 
Mississippi  situated  above  its  confluence  with  the  Missouri 
being  distinguished  by  this  appellation)  contain  less  wood 
land  in  proportion  to  their  extent,  than  those  of  the  Missou- 
ri. The  prairies  upon  this  river  also  become  more  numerous 
and  extensive  as  we  proceed  upward. 

The  interior  of  the  country  situated  between  the  vallies  of 
these  rivers,  presents,  as  before  remarked,  a  rolling  aspect, 
inclining  to  hilly  and  broken,  in  some   parts,  but  generally 


Rocky  Mountains.  34i 

variegated  with  gentle  swells  and  broad  vallies.  Within  this 
section  are  numerous  small  rivers  and  creeks,  with  vallies  of 
a  character  similar  to  that  of  the  Mississippi  or  Missouri, 
but  not  so  fertile.  These  vallies  expand  to  a  great  width, 
compared  with  the  magnitude  of  the  streams  upon  which 
they  are  situated,  but  are  not  bounded  by  abrupt  bluffs,  like 
those  of  the  two  rivers  just  mentioned.  They  are  generally 
covered  with  a  luxuriant  growth  of  grass  and  other  herbage, 
and  occasionally  present  copses  of  wood  land  of  moderate 
extent.  The  timber  growth  of  the  bottoms  is  similar  to  that 
of  the  Mississippi  bottoms,  cotton  wood,  blue  and  white 
ash,  hackberry,  black  walnut,  cherry,  mulberry,  hickory  and 
several  varieties  of  the  oak  being  the  prevailing  timber  trees. 
The  hills  or  high  lands  are  in  some  instances  covered  with  a 
scrubby  growth  of  timber  and  furze,  consisting  of  post  oak, 
black  jack,  hazle,  green  briar,  &c. 

The  soil  of  this  section  is  probably  equal  if  not  superior  to 
that  of  any  other  tract  of  upland  of  equal  extent,  within  our 
territory.  But  the  scarcity  of  timber,  mill-seats  and  springs 
of  water,  defects  that  are  almost  uniformly  prevalent,  must 
for  a  long  time  prove  serious  impediments  in  the  way  of  set- 
tling the  country. 

The  population  of  this  section  of  country  is  located  almost 
exclusively  within  the  vallies  of  the  Mississippi  and  Mis- 
souri, and  in  their  immediate  neighbourhoods;  extending  up- 
ward along  the  former  about  one  hundred  and  sixty,  and 
along  the  latter,  about  three  hundred  and  twenty  miles  above 
their  confluence.  The  most  populous  parts  of  the  country, 
are  the  county  of  St.  Charles,  situated  near  the  junction  of 
these  two  rivers.  Cote  Sans  Des-sein  and  its  vicinity — that 
part  usually  denominated  the  Boon's  Lick  country,  extending 
from  the  mouth  of  Osage  river  upward,  along  the  Missouri 
to  the  river  Charaton,  and  the  country  on  the  Mississippi, 
including  the  Salt  river  settlements,  which  have  become  nu- 
merous and  pretty  widely  diffused. 

Along  the  vallies,  both  of  the  Mississippi  and  Missouri, 
there  are  still  innumerable  vacancies  for  settlements,  holding 
forth  inducements  for  emigrants  to  occupy  them,  equally  as 
strong,  as  any  of  the  positions  already  selected.  The  inha- 
bited portions  of  this  section  have,  in  many  instances,  proved 
unhealthy,  owing,  in  all  probability,  to  the  same  causes  that 
have  been  herein  assigned,  in  relation  to  the  country  east  of 
the  Mississippi,  which  operate  with  equal  force  and  effect 
upon  the  inhabitants  of  this  section. 


342  Expedition  to  the 

IV.— 0/"  the  country  situated  between  the  Missouri  and  Red 
Rivers,  west  of  th>'  Mississippi^  and  east  of  the  Meridian 
of  the  Council  Bluff. 

Although  no  precise  limits  can  be  assigned  as  the  western 
boundary  of  this  section,  yet  the  meridian  above  proposed, 
may  be  regarded  as  a  line  of  division  between  two  regions 
differing  in  their  general  character  and  aspect.  It  is  not  pre- 
tended that  the  immediate  course  of  the  line  is  marked  by 
any  distinct  features  of  the  country,  but  that  a  gradual  change 
is  observable  in  the  general  aspect  of  the  two  regions,  which 
takes  place  in  the  vicinity  of  the  proposed  line.  The  assum- 
ed meridian  is  in  longitude  ninety- six  degrees  west,  ntarlj', 
and  crosses  the  Platte  a  few  miles  above  its  mouth — the  Kon- 
zas  near  the  junction  of  its  principal  forks — the  Arkansa 
about  one  hundred  miles  above  the  Verdigris  or  seven  hun- 
dred miles  from  its  mouth — the  Canadian,  about  one  hun- 
dred and  fifty  miles  from  its  mouth,  and  the  Red  river  about 
one  hundred  and  fifty  miles  above  the  Kiamisha  river. 

The  section  of  country  under  consideration,  exhibits  a 
great  variety  of  aspect,  the  surface  being  diversified  by  moun- 
tains, hills,  vallies,  and  occasional  tracts  of  rolling  country. 
Within  the  section  is  an  extensive  tract  of  bottom  land,  de- 
serving of  a  particular  consideration.  It  is  situated  on  the 
Mississippi,  commencing  a  few  miles  below  the  Ohio,  and 
extending  downward  to  Red  river,  uninterrupted  by  hills  or 
high  lands,  and  subject  in  many  places  to  inundation  from 
the  freshets  of  the  Mississippi.  The  bottom  contains  many 
large  swamps,  rendered  almost  impenetrable  by  a  dense 
growth  of  cypress  and  cypress- knees,  (the  latter  of  which  are 
conical  excrescences  springing  from  the  roots  of  the  Cyprus, 
and  shooting  up  in  profusion,  to  the  height  of  from  one,  to 
eight  or  ten  feet.)  The  most  extensive  of  these  swamps 
commences  near  the  head  of  the  bottom,  and  passes  south- 
westwardly,  back  of  New  Madrid,  the  Little  Prairie,  St. 
Francisville,  &c.  and  terminates  near  the  village  of  the  Post 
of  Arkansa.  The  Great  Swamp,  the  name  by  which  this 
extensive  morass  is  designated,  is  about  two  hundred  miles  in 
length,  and  is  of  variable  width,  from  five,  to  twenty  or  thir- 
ty miles.  The  timber  growth  of  this  and  of  the  other  swamps, 
which  are  of  a  similar  character,  but  inferior  magnitude,  con- 
sists principally  of  cypress,  of  a  superior  quality.  But  the  dif- 
ficulty of  removing  it  renders  it  of  litde  value  to  the  country. 
Within  the  bottom  are  also  numerous  lakes,  lagoons,  and 


Rocky  Mountains.  343 

marshes,  once,  no  doubt,  parts  of  the  bed  of  the  Missis- 
ippi,  or  of  some  of  its  tributaries  that  have  their  courses 
through  the  bottom.  Notwithstanding  the  general  depres- 
sion of  this  bottoiTi,  it  contains  many  ^insulated  tracts  of 
considerable  extent,  elevated  above  the  range  of  the  highest 
floods.  The  bottom,  almost  throughout  its  whole  extent,  sup- 
ports a  dense  and  heavy  growth  of  timber  of  an  excellent 
quality,  together  with  a  luxuriant  undergrowth  of  cane  brake, 
vines,  &c. 

It  may  not  be  improper  to  remark  in  this  place,  that  great 
havoc  is  annually  made  amongst  the  timber  of  this  tract,  by 
lumber  and  fuel-mongers,  who  furnish  the  New  Orleans  mar- 
ket with  large  supplies  of  these  articles,  particularly  of  the 
former. 

The  bottom  is  bounded  on  the  west  by  a  chain  of  heights 
corresponding  to  the  river  bluffs  on  other  parts  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi, but  not  arranged  in  so  regular  a  manner.  These 
are  the  commencement  of  a  part  of  the  hilly  country  hereaf- 
ter to  be  considered.  The  most  considerable  rivers  that  flow 
through  the  bottom,  and  pour  their  tribute  into  the  Missis- 
sippi, are  the  St.  Francis,  the  Big  Black,  and  White  Rivers, 
which  are  confluent,  the  Arkansa,  Washita,  and  Red  rivers. 

There  are  also  a  few  other  bottoms  on  the  west  side  of  the 
Mississippi,  of  moderate  size.  The  largest  of  them  are  Ty- 
wapata,  and  Bois-broule,  situated  a  little  above  the  mouth  of 
the  Ohio. 

The  hilly  and  mountainous  country  commences  imme- 
diately west  of  the  Mississippi  bottom,  and  extends  west- 
wardly  about  four  hundred  miles.  Although  the  ttrms 
hillif  and  mountainous  are  expressive  of  the  general  charac- 
ter of  the  country,  yet  the  following  portions  of  this  section 
may  be  enumerated  as  exceptions:  viz.  a  tract  of  country 
comprehending  St.  Louis,  Belle  Fontaine,  Florissant,  and 
extending  south- westwardly  so  as  to  include  the  Lead-Mine 
tract,  Belle  View,  Sec.  This  tract,  (which  embraces  the  most 
populous  part  of  the  Missouri  territory)  may  be  denomma- 
ted  rolling,  or  moderately  hilly.  Considerable  portions  of  the 
country  situated  between  the  Arkansa  and  Red  rivers,  par- 
ticularly in  the  vicinity  of  the  latter,  are  also  of  this  charac- 
ter. On  the  Arkansa,  above  Belle  Point,  is  an  extensive 
tract  of  a  similar  description,  as  also  many  tracts  of  interior 
size,  on  the  north  side  of  Arkansa,  between  the  village  ot 
the  Post,  and  the  Cadron  settlements.  On  the  south  side  ol 
the    Missouri  is  also  an  extensive  tract  of  rolling  counirj% 


344  Expedition  to  the 

commencing  at  the  river  Le  Mine,  six  miles  above  Franklin, 
and  extending  upward  along  the  Missouri,  with  occasional 
interruptions,  to  the  Council  BlufF.  Such  is  the  extent  of  this 
tract,  that  it  comprises  almost  the  whole  of  the  country  situa- 
ted between  the  assumed  meridian  line  and  the  Missouri, 
from  Fort  Osage,  upward.  On  the  head  waters  of  the  Osage 
river,  and  on  those  of  its  principal  tributaries,  the  country  is 
said  to  be  of  a  similar  character  also.  To  these  may  be  ad- 
ded large  portions  of  country  situated  on  the  Verdigris  ri- 
ver, upon  the  Arkansa  above  Grand  river,  and  upon  the 
Canadian  from  its  mouth  upward,  to  the  distance  of  about 
two  hundred  miles.  The  tracts  here  designated,  exhibit 
broad  and  elevated  swells  of  land,  separated  from  each  other 
by  deep  and  spacious  vallies. 

These  portions  of  country  are  chequered  with  woodlands 
and  prairies,  in  many  instances  alternating  with  each  other 
in  due  proportion  for  the  accommodation  of  settlers  with 
farming  and  woodlands.  On  the  Missouri,  above  Fort  Osage, 
and  on  the  Osage  river,  however,  the  proportion  of  wood- 
land is  very  inconsiderable,  and  the  timl)er  it  affords,  of  a 
scrubby  character.  The  prairies  here,  as  on  the  north  of 
the  Missouri,  occupy  at  least  nineteen-twentieths  of  the 
whole  surface.  Some  portions  of  the  Red  river  country  are 
also  deficient  in  the  quantum  of  woodlands  attached  to  them; 
but  in  general  it  may  be  observed,  that  the  more  southerly 
regions  are  better  supplied  with  timber  than  those  farther 
north.  The  growth  of  the  woodlands  interspersed  among 
the  prairies,  is  mostly  post  oak,  hickory,  black-jack,  and  white 
oak  upon  the  high  lands,  and  cotton  wood,  sycamore,  black 
and  white  walnut,  maple,  bur-oak,  and  several  other  trees 
common  to  the  western  bottoms,  in  the  vallies.  The  bow- 
wood,  or  as  it  is  sometimes  called  the  Osage  Orange,  is 
found  upon  the  southerly  tributaries  of  the  Arkansa,  and 
upon  the  Red  river,  and  its  tributaries.  This  tree  is  deser- 
ving of  particular  notice,  in  as  much  as  it  affords  a  timber  ex- 
tremely compact  and  elastic — its  trunk  and  roots  may  prove 
very  useful  in  dying  yellow,  and  its  fruit  of  importance  in 
medicine. 

The  residue  of  this  section,  with  the  exception  of  the  ri- 
ver bottoms  and  tracts  of  valley  land  scattered  in  various  di- 
rections throughout  the  whole,  is  extremely  hilly,  broken,  and 
mountainous,  the  hills  and  mountains  risingfromfive  to  fifteen 
hundred  feet  above  the  water  table  of  the  country  in  which 
they  are  situated.  They  are  exceedingly  numerous,  and  are  di- 


Rocky  Mountains.  345 

vided  into  a  multiplicity  of  knobs  and  peaks,  having  rounded 
summits,  and  presenting  perpendicular  cliffs  and  abrupt  preci- 
pices of  transition  sandstone.  Thtir  surfaces  generally  are 
covered  with  rocks  of  this  description,  or  flinty  fragments 
strewed  in  profusion  upon  them.  The  growth  upon  them  is 
almost  exclusively  pitch  pine,  cedar,  scrubby  oaks,  hickory, 
haw,  and  bramble;  the  poverty  of  the  soil  in  some  instances, 
and  the  scarcity  of  it  in  others,  excluding  the  more  luxuriant 
vegetable  productions  common  to  the  more  level  country  in 
their  vicinity. 

The  groupe  of  mountains  situated  between  the  Arkansa 
and  Red  rivers,  gives  rise  to  the  following  streams,  all  of 
which  are  sufficiently  copious  for  mill-seats,  and  abound  in 
cascades  and  falls,  well  adapted  to  such  purposes,  viz.  the 
Blue-water,  Kiamisha,  and  Little  rivers,  the  Mountain,  Roll- 
ing, Cossetot,  and  Saline  forks  of  Little  river,  all  of  which 
are  tributary  to  Red  river;  the  Little  Missouri,  Cadeau, 
Washita,  and  the  Saline,  all  confluent;  the  Mamelle,  Le  Fe- 
vre,  Petit  jean,  and  Poteau,  tributary  to  the  Arkansa,  be- 
sides numerous  creeks  of  less  note. 

The  hills  and  mountains  between  the  Arkansa  and  Mis- 
souri are  equally  prolific  in  water  courses.  The  most  con- 
siderable of  these  are  the  Verdigris,  Neosho  or  Grand  ri- 
ver,  Illinois,  together  with  the  Frog,  Mulberry,  White-oak, 
Spadra,  Pine,  Illinois,  Point  remove,  and  Cadron  creeks  tri- 
butary to  the  Arkansa,  the  Little  Red,  and  White  rivers 
confluent  streams;  the  Strawberry,  Spring,  Eleven  Point, 
Currant,  Little,  and  Big  Black,  all  confluent  and  tributary  to 
White  river,  which  enters  the  Mississippi  about  thirty  miles 
above  the  mouth  of  the  Arkansa.  The  St.  Francis  and  the 
Merameg  have  their  sources  in  this  broken  region  also,  and 
discharge  themselves  into  the  Mississippi.  Of  the  vallies  of 
the  rivers  last  enumerated,  viz.  those  north  of  the  Arkansa 
and  tributary  to  the  Mississippi,  it  is  observable,  that  they 
are  uniformly  possessed  of  a  rich  soil,  but  owing  to  the  ex- 
cessive floods  occasionally  brought  down  through  them  from 
the  hills  and  mountains,  their  cultivation  is  very  precarious. 
The  valley  of  White  river,  and  those  of  some  few  others,  are 
in  many  places  elevated  above  the  reach  of  the  highest  fresh- 
ets, and  are  not  altogether  subject  to  this  inconvenience,  but 
for  the  most  part,  they  are  liable  to  be  annually  swept  by  over- 
whelming freshets,  which  prostrate  fences, buildings, andevery 
artificial  structure  that  opposes  their  march.  Even  a  fall  fresh- 
et has  been  known  to  inundate  plantations  situated  within  the 
VOL.  II.  44 


34i5  Expedition  to  the 

Vallies,  to  the  depth  of  eight  or  ten  feet.  These  floods  are 
generally  very  sudden  as  well  as  excessive,  to  such  a  de- 
gree, that  on  some  occasions,  the  water  has  risen  in  the 
course  of  one  night,  more  than  twenty  feet.  By  the  sudden 
rises  of  the  water,  the  planter,  who  in  the  evening  thought 
his  family  and  possessions  secure  from  harm,  has  been  com- 
pelled, the  next  morning,  to  embark  with  his  family,  in  a 
canoe,  to  save  themselves  from  impending  destruction,  while 
his  habitation,  fields,  cattle,  and  all  his  effects  are  abandoned 
to  the  fury  of  the  torrent. 

The  streams  rising  in  the  same  hilly  country  and  tribu- 
tary to  the  Missouri  are  the  following,  viz.  the  Bon  Hom- 
me Creek,  the  Gasconade,  the  Osage  and  its  tributaries,  the 
Le  Mine,  the  Blue-water,  and  several  streams  tributary  to 
the  Konzas  river.  Upon  some  of  these,  as  the  Bon  Homme, 
Gasconade,  and  upon  some  few  creeks  beside,  mills  have 
been  constructed,  at  which  much  of  the  lumber  of  the  St. 
Louis  market  is  sawed. 

This  section  as  yet  is  but  very  partially  populated,  al- 
though the  inhabitants  in  some  portions  of  it,  are  consider- 
ably numerous.  The  most  populous  part  of  the  section  is 
the  country  situated  immediately  below  the  mouth  of  the 
Missouri,  including  the  town  of  St.  Louis,  and  the  villages 
of  Florissant  and  Carondelet,  Herculaneum,  St.  Genevieve, 
Bainbridge,  Cape  Girardeau,  Jackson,  St.  Michaels,  and  the 
country  in  their  vicinity,  the  Lead  Mine  tract,  including 
Mine  a  Berton,  Potosi,  and  Belle  View,  are  considerably  po- 
pulous. The  settlements  in  these  places,  however,  if  we  ex- 
cept the  sites  occupied  by  the  towns  and  villages  just  enu- 
merated,  are  still  very  scattering,  and  but  a  small  proportion 
of  the  land  susceptible  of  agriculture  is  yet  under  cultivation. 
Besides  these,  there  are  numerous  other  settlements,  and 
several  small  villages  within  this  part  of  the  Missouri  terri- 
tory, distributed  in  various  directions,  and  constituting  a 
verv  scanty  population.  They  are  scattered  jilong  the  Mis- 
souri, from  its  mouth,  to  Fort  Osage,  a  distance  of  more 
than  three  hundred  miles,  on  the  Gasconade,  Merameg,  St. 
Francis,  Big  Black,  and  several  of  its  tributaries. 

Within  the  Arjcansa  territory  there  are  but  few  villages^ 
and  the  settlements  are  yet  very  scattering.  The  principal 
villages  are  tht  Post  of  Arkansa,  situated  about  sixty  miles 
above  thf  mouth  of  the  river,  Davidsonville  on  Black  ri- 
ver, near  the  mouth  of  Eleven  Point  river,  a  small  village 
9X  the  commencement  of  the  high  lands  on  the  Arkansa,  at 


Rocky  Mountains.  347 

a  place  called  the  Little  Rock,  about  two  hundred  miles  from 
the  mouth  of  the  river,  selected  as  the  seat  of  government 
for  the  territory.  Besides  these,  there  are  a  few  other  incon- 
siderable villages  on  the  Arkansa  river,  as  also  several  of 
small  size  situated  in  the  country  between  the  river  just 
mentioned  and  Red  river;  the  most  considerable  of  which  are 
at  Pecan  Point,  Mount  Prairie,  Prairie  D'Inde,  &c.  These 
villages  contain  but  very  few  houses,  and  those  generally  of 
a  rude  structure,  a  circumstance  attributable  only  to  the  in- 
fancy of  the  territory.  The  settlements  of  the  territory  are 
scattered  along  the  Arkansa,  from  the  White  river  Cut-off, 
(a  channel  uniting  these  two  rivers  at  the  distance  of  thirty 
miles  above  the  mouth  of  the  former,  and  three  miles  above 
that  of  the  latter,)  to  Belle  Point,  a  distance  of  about  four 
hundred  miles.  On  Little  Red,  White,  and  Strawberry  ri- 
vers, are  many  scattering  settlements,  as  also  on  the  Wash- 
ita, Cadeau,  Little  Missouri,  and  the  several  forks  of  Little 
river.  The  settlements  upon  Red  river  extend  upward  to  the 
Kiamisha,  a  distance  of  about  one  thousand  miles  from  its 
mouth,  following  the  meanders  of  the  river. 

The  settlements  of  the  section  under  consideration,  are 
most  numerous  in  those  parts  represented  in  the  foregoing 
description  as  being  variegated  with  prairies  and  woodlands 
alternating  with  each  other.  In  the  valley  of  the  Arkansa, 
however,  which  is  generally  clad  in  rich  forests  and  luxuri- 
ant cane  brakes^  prairies  are  seldom  to  be  met  with,  and  set- 
tlers have  had  recourse  to  clearing  the  land  necessary  for 
their  plantations. 

In  addition  to  the  white  settlements  above  pointed  out, 
there  are  numerous  villages  and  settlements  of  the  Cherokee 
Indians,  extending  along  the  Arkansa,  from  the  mouth  of 
Point  Remove  creek,  upward,  to  Mulberry  river  a  distance 
of  about  one  hundred  miles.  These  settlements,  in  respect 
to  the  comforts  and  conveniences  of  life  they  afford,  appear 
to  vie  with,  and  in  many  instances  even  surpass  those  of  the 
Americans,  in  that  part  of  the  country. 

There  are  a  few  villages  of  the  Quawpaws,  or  Arkansaws, 
and  Chocktaws,  situated  on  the  south  side  of  the  Arkansa 
river,  below  the  high  lands.  They  are  not  numerous,  sub- 
sist principally  upon  game  and  Indian  corn  of  their  own 
raising,  and  have  ever  been  friendly  to  the  whites.  Upon 
the  river  St.  Francis  are  a  few  settlements  of  the  Delawares 
and  Shawnees,  dispersed  remnants  of  those  unfortunate  na- 
tions.    The  several  bands  of  the  Osage  nation  resident  upon 


S4S  Expedition  to  the 

the  Verdigris  and  upon  the  head  waters  of  Osage  river,  al- 
so the  Konzas  Indians,  living  upon  the  river  bearing  their 
name,  are  included  within  this  section  of  the  country. 

In  regard  to  climate,  this  region,  as  it  expands  through 
more  than  eight  degrees  of  latitude,  may  he  expected  to  af- 
ford a  considerable  variety,  and  the  position  is  sufficiently 
verified  by  the  commencement  and  progiess  of  annual  vege- 
tation. The  change  of  climate  is  also  indicated  by  certain 
peculiarities  observable  in  the  vegetable  products  of  differ- 
ent parts  of  the  country.  For  example,  vegetation  begins  at 
least  a  month  earlier  in  the  southern,  than  in  the  northern 
extreme  of  the  region.  The  Spanish  moss  disappears  north- 
wardly of  the  thirty -third  degree  of  north  latitude.  Cotton 
and  indigo  cannot  be  cultivated  to  advantage  in  a  latitude 
higher  than  thirty-six  degrees,  and  the  cane  brake  is  seldom 
found  north  of  37  1-2  degrees. 

In  regard  to  the  salubrity  of  the  climate,  there  is  also  a 
diversity,  depending  upon  local  circumstances  rather  than 
upon  the  temperature  of  the  weather.  A  luxuriant  soil  yield- 
ing its  products  to  decay  and  putrify  upon  the  ground,  al- 
so stagnant  waters,  flat  lands,  and  marshes,  in  which  the  ri- 
ver vallies  of  this  region  abound,  cannot  fail  to  load  the  at- 
mosphere with  pestilential  miasmata,  and  render  the  country 
unhealthy,  wherever  these  occurences  are  to  be  met  with. 
But  it  is  presumed  that  the  causes  of  disease  will  gradually 
be  exterminated,  as  the  population  of  the  country  increases. 
Of  the  rivers  of  this  region,  there  are  many  that  are  navi- 
gable for  keel-boats  of  several  tons  burden,  but  all  of  them 
have  more  or  less  obstructions  from  shoals  and  frosts  at  dif- 
ferent periods.  The  Arkansa,  which  in  point  of  magnitude 
and  extent,  deservedly  ranks  second  amongst  the  tributaries 
of  the  Mississippi,  (the  Missouri  being  the  first)  is  navigable 
to  the  mouth  of  the  Neosho,  or  Grand  river,  a  distance  of 
about  six  hundred  miles.  In  this  part  of  the  river,  however, 
the  navigation  is  liable  to  obstructions,  for  want  of  a  sufficient 
depth  of  water,  during  a  period  of  two  and  a  half  or  three 
months  commencing  in  July.  Occasional  obstructions  are 
also  imposed  by  ice  forming  in  the  river,  during  the  winter 
season,  but  these  are  seldom  of  long  continuance,  the  winters 
being  usually  short  and  mild.  As  the  freshets  of  the  river 
seldom  continue  more  than  a  few  days  at  a  time,  and  are  usu- 
ally attended  by  sudden  rises  and  falls  of  the  water,  boats  of 
moderate  draft  and  burden  only,  are  suited  to  its  naviga- 
tion. The  Arkansa  is  navigable  at  all  seasons  for  boats  of  this 


Rocky  Mountains,  349 

description,  about  two  hundred  miles,  which  comprehends 
the  distance  by  the  meanders  of  the  river,  from  the  Missis- 
sippi to  the  commencement  of  the  high  lands.  Above  the 
mouth  of  the  Neosho,  it  spreads  to  a  much  greater  width 
than  below,  and  the  water  is  more  extensively  diffused  over 
its  bed,  which  renders  the  shoals  more  numerous  and  the  na- 
vigation more  precarious.  This  part  of  the  Arkansa,  cannot 
indeed  be  considered  navigable,  even  for  perogues  of  a  large 
size,  except  during  the  short  period  of  a  freshet,  which  is 
seldom  long  enough  to  complete  a  voyage  of  one  hundred 
miles  ascending  and  descending. 

The  Red  river  is  navigable  during  most  of  the  year,  to 
the  Great  Raft,  about  five  hundred  miles  fi-om  its  mouth. 
At  this  place  its  navigation  is  effectually  obstructed,  except 
in  a  high  stage  of  water,  when  keel-boats  of  ten  or  fifteen 
tons  burden,  may  pass  it  through  devious  channels,  or  bay- 
oux,  and  ascend  several  hundred  miles  above.  That  part  of 
the  river  situated  above  the  Raft,  however,  like  the  upper 
part  of  the  Arkansa,  is  rendered  impassable  for  boats  of  bur- 
den, by  shoals  and  sandbars  in  a  moderate  stage  of  water. 

The  Washita,  tributary  to  Red  river,  is  navigable  many 
miles.  That  part  of  it  particularly,  situated  within  the  valley 
of  the  Mississippi,  and  denominated  Black  river,  admits  of 
constant  navigation  for  boats  of  burden.  The  Little  river, 
which  is  also  tributary  to  Red  river,  together  with  its  Forks 
heretofore  enumerated,  are  navigable  in  high  water.  White 
river  is  navigable,  in  a  moderate  stage  of  water,  between  three 
and  four  hundred  miles; — also  the  Big  Black,  its  principal 
tributary,  and  several  branches  of  the  river  last  mentioned, 
viz,  the  Strawberry,  Currant,  Eleven  Point,  and  Spring  rivers. 
The  St.  Francis  is  blocked  up  near  its  mouth,  and  rendered 
impassable  for  boats  of  every  description,  by  rafts  of  logs 
and  drift  wood,  completely  choakingthe  channel  of  the  river, 
and  in  many  places  occupying  the  whole  of  its  bed,  for  the 
distance  of  several  miles  together.  The  Merameg,  is  also  na- 
vigable many  miles,  in  a  modeiate  stage  of  water. 

The  Gasconade,  Osage,  and  Konzas  rivers,  are  navigable  in 
the  spring  season,  but  their  navigation  seldom  extends  far  in- 
land from  their  mouths,  being  obstructed  by  shoals  or  rapids. 
Of  the  rivers  tributary  to  the  Missouri,  it  is  remarkable, 
that  their  mouths  are  generally  blocked  up  with  mud,  con- 
sequent to  the  subsidence  of  the  summer  freshet  of  that  river, 
which  usually  takes  place  in  the  month  of  July.  The  reason 
is  obvious.    The  freshets  of  the  more   southerly  tributaries 


350  Expedition  to  the 

are  discharged  early  in  the  season,  and  wash  from  their 
mouths  the  sand  and  mud,  previously  deposited  therein,  leav- 
ing them  free  from  obstructions.  These  freshets  having  sub- 
sided, the  more  northerly  branches  discharge  their  floods, 
formed  by  the  melting  of  the  snow  at  a  later  period.  The 
Missouri  being  swollen  thereby,  backs  its  waters  charged 
with  mud,  considerable  distances  up  the  mouths  of  the  tri- 
butaries before  alluded  to.  The  water  here  becoming  stag- 
nant, deposits  its  mud,  and  the  tributaries  having  no  more 
freshets  to  expel  it,  remain  with  their  mouths  thus  obstruct- 
ed, till  the  ensuing  spring. 

The  lower  part  of  the  Canadian  river,  although  it  is  inclu- 
ded within  the  section  under  consideration,  will  be  describ- 
ed in  the  sequel  of  this  report,  in  connection  with  the  rest  of 
that  river. 

Of  the  animals  found  in  the  several  sections  of  country 
above  described,  there  are  a  great  variety  in  almost  every 
department  of  Zoology.  But  as  most  of  them  are  common 
in  other  parts  of  the  United  States,  they  need  not  be  enu- 
merated here. 

V.  Of  the  country  situated  between  the  Meridian  of  the  Courh- 
cil  Bluffs  and  the  Rocky  Mountains. 

We  next  proceed  to  a  description  of  the  country,  westward 
of  the  assumed  meridian,  and  extending  to  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, which  are  its  western  boundary.  This  section  em- 
braces an  extent  of  more  than  four  hundred  miles  square, 
lying  between  ninety-six  and  one  hundred  and  six  degrees  of 
west  longitude,  and  between  thirty-five  and  forty-two  degrees 
of  north  latitude. 

Proceeding  westwardly  from  the  meridian  above  specified, 
the  hilly  country  gradually  subsides,  giving  place  to  a  re- 
gion of  vast  extent,  spreading  towards  the  north  and  south, 
and  presenting  an  undulating  surface,  with  nothing  to  limit 
the  view  or  variegate  the  prospect,  but  here  and  there  a  hill, 
knob,  or  insulated  tract  of  table  land.  At  length  the  Rocky 
Mountains  break  upon  the  view,  towering  abruptly  from  the 
plains,  and  mingling  their  snow  capped  summits  with  the 
clouds. 

On  approaching  the  mountains,  no  other  change  is  observ- 
able in  the  general  aspect  of  the  country,  except  that  the 
isolated  knobs  and  table-lands,  above  alluded  to,  become 
more  frequent  and  more  distinctly  marked, — the  bluffs  by 
which  the  vallies   of  water  courses   are  bounded,  present  a 


Rocky  Mountains.  351 

greater  abundance  of  rocks, — stones  lie  in  greater  profusion 
upon  the  surface, — and  the  soil  becomes  more  sterile.  If,  to 
the  characteristics  above  intimated  we  add  that  of  an  almost 
complete  destitution  of  woodland,  (for  not  more  than  one 
thousandth  part  of  the  section  can  be  said  to  possess  a  tim- 
ber growth,)  we  shall  have  a  pretty  correct  idea  of  the  ge- 
neral aspect  of  the  country. 

The  insulated  tracts  herein  alluded  to  as  table  lands,  are 
scattered  throughout  the  section,  and  give  to  the  country  a 
very  striking  and  wonderful  appearance.  They  rise  from  six 
to  eight  hundred  feet  above  the  common  level,  and  are  sur- 
rounded, in  many  instances,  by  rugged  slopes,  and  perpen- 
dicular precipices,  rendering  their  summits  almost  inaccessi- 
ble.— Many  of  them  are  in  this  manner  completely  insulat- 
ed, while  others  are  connected  with  the  plains  below,  by  gen- 
tle acclivities  leading  from  their  bases  to  their  summits,  up- 
on one  side  or  other  of  the  eminence.  These  tracts,  as  be- 
fore intimated,  are  more  numerous,  but  less  extensive  in  the 
vicinity  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  than  they  are,  further  east- 
ward;— and  in  the  former  situation  they  are  more  strikingly 
characterized  by  the  marks  above  specified,  than  in  the  latter. 

The  geological  formations  that  present  themselves  along 
the  declivities  of  these  heights,  are  principally  horizontal  stra- 
ta of  secondary  sandstone  and  breccia  or  pudding  stone,  al- 
ternating with  each  other.  Clinkstone  prevails  upon  the  sur- 
face of  them  in  many  places,  but  in  general  the  superior  stra- 
ta are  rocks,  of  the  description  just  before  mentioned.  These 
tracts  are  denominated  tabular,  not  from  any  flatness  of  sur- 
face by  which  they  are  characterized,  but  from  their  ap- 
pearance at  a  distant  view,  and  from  the  horizontal  disposi- 
tion of  the  stratifications  imbedded  in  them.  Their  surfaces 
are  usually  waving,  and  in  some  instances  rise  into  knobs  and 
ridges,  several  hundred  feet  high.  Many  of  them  are  clad 
in  a  scrubby  timber  growth  of  pitch  pine,  red  cedar,  scrubby 
oaks,  &c.  while  others  exhibit  a  bald  or  prairie  surface. 

By  far  the  greater  proportion  of  this  section  of  country  is 
characterized  by  a  rolling  and  plain  surface,  which  may  be 
alleged,  not  only  of  the  space  included  within  the  limits  first 
assigned,  but  of  extensive  portions  of  country  north  and  south 
of  it-  Although  the  elevated  table  lands,  a  description  of 
which  has  just  been  given,  are  situated  within  this  region, 
they  occupy  but  a  small  proportion  of  it.  In  addition  to  these 
inequalities  in  the  surface  of  the  country,  there  are  numer- 
ous mounds  or  knobs  of  various  magnitudes,  and  occasional 


352  Expedition  to  tht 

swells  of  greater  or  less  extent,  which  contribute  to  give  a 
pleasing  variety  to  the  prospect.  The  country  is  also  divided 
into  extensive  parterres  by  the  vallies  of  rivers  and  creeks, 
which  are  usually  sunk  one  hundred  and  fifty  or  two  hundred 
feet  below  the  common  level,  and  bounded  in  some  places  by 
perpendicular  precipices,  and  in  others  by  bluffs  or  banks  of 
gentle  slopes. 

Immediately  at  the  base  of  the  mountains,  and  also  at 
those  of  some  of  the  insular  table-lands,  are  situated  many 
remarkable  ridges,  rising  in  the  form  of  parapets,  to  the 
height  of  between  fifty  and  one  hundred  and  fifty  feet. 
These  appear  to  have  been  attached  to  the  neighbouring 
heights,  of  which  they  once  constituted  a  part,  but  have  at 
some  remote  period,  been  cleft  asunder  from  them,  by  some 
extraordinary  convulsion  of  nature,  which  has  prostrated 
them  in  their  present  condition.  The  rocky  stratifications, 
of  which  these  ridges  are  principally  composed,  and  which 
are  exactly  similar  to  those  of  the  insulated  table-lands,  are 
distinctly  marked,  and  have  various  dips,  or  inclinations,  from 
forty-five  to  eighty  degrees. 

Throughout  this  section  of  country  the  surface  is  occasion- 
ally characterized  by  water-worn  pebbles,  and  gravel  of  gra- 
nite, gneiss,  and  quartz,  but  the  predominant  characteristic  is 
sand,  which  in  many  instances,  prevails  almost  to  the  entire 
exclusion  of  vegetable  mould.  Large  tracts  are  often  to  be 
met  with,  exhibiting  scarcely  a  trace  of  vegetation.  The 
whole  region,  as  before  hinted,  is  almost  entirely  destitute 
of  a  timber  growth  of  any  description.  In  some  few  instances, 
however,  sandy  knobs,  and  ridges  make  their  appearance, 
thickly  covered  with  red  cedars  of  a  dwarfish  growth.  There 
are  also  some  few  tracts,  clad  in  a  growth  of  pitch  pine,  and 
scrubby  oaks;  but  in  general,  nothing  of  vegetation  appears 
upon  the  uplands,  but  withered  grass  of  a  stinted  grov/th,  no 
more  than  two  or  three  inches  high,  prickly-pears  profusely 
covering  extensive  tracts,  and  weeds  of  a  few  varieties,  which, 
like  the  prickly-pears,  seem  to  thrive  best,  in  the  most  arid 
and  sterile  soils. 

In  the  vicinity  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  southwardly  of  the 
Arkansa  river,  the  surface  of  the  country,  in  many  places, 
is  profusely  covered  with  loose  fragments  of  volcanic  rocks. 
On  some  occasions,  stones  of  this  description  are  so  numer- 
ous, as  almost  to  exclude  vegetation.  A  multiplicity  of  ridges 
and  knobs  of  various  sizes,  containing  rocks  of  this  character, 
also  make  their  appearance.  All  these  formations  seem  to  be 


Rocky  Mountains.  3jS 

superincumbent  upon  horizontal  strata  of  secondary  sand 
stone.  But,  the  volcanoes  whence  they  originated,  have 
left  no  vestiges  by  which  their  exact  locality  can  be  deter- 
mined. In  all  probability  they  were  extinguished,  previously 
to  the  recession  of  the  waters  that  once  inundated  the  vast  re- 
gion between  the  Alleghany  and  Rocky  Mountains. 

Of  the  riv,  rs  that  have  their  courses  through  this  section, 
those  of  most  note  are  the  Platte,  the  Konzas  and  its  forks, 
the  Arkansa,  and  the  Canadian  tributary  to  the  Arkansa. 
The  Platte  rises  in  the  Rocky  iMountains,  and  after  an  east- 
erly course  of  about  eight  hundred  miles,  falls  into  the  Mis- 
siouri,  at  the  distance  of  about  seven  hundred  miles  from  the 
Mississippi.  It  derives  its  name  from  the  circumstance  of 
its  being  broad  and  shoal;  its  average  width  being  about  twelve 
hundred  yards,  exclusive  of  the  islands  it  embosoms,  and  its 
depth  in  a  moderate  stage  of  water,  so  inconsiderable,  that 
the  river  is  fordable  in  almost  every  place.  The  main  Platte 
is  formed  of  two  confluent  tributaries  of  nearly  equal  size, 
called  the  North  and  South  Forks,  both  of  which  have  their 
sources,  considerably  within  the  range  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains. They  unite,  about  four  hundred  miles  westward  from 
the  mouth  of  the  Platte,  having  meandered  about  the  same 
distance  eastwardly  from  the  mountains.  Besides  these  the 
Platte  has  two  tributaries  of  a  respectable  size,  the  one  called 
the  Elk  Horn,  entering  a  few  miles  above  its  mouth,  and  the 
other  the  Loup  Fork,  entering  about  ninety  miles  above  the 
same  place.  The  vallies  of  the  Platte  and  its  several  tributa- 
ries are  extremely  broad  and  in  many  places,  possessed  of  a 
good  soil.  They  gradually  become  less  fertile,  on  ascending 
from  the  mouths  of  the  rivers  on  which  they  are  situated, 
till  at  length  they  exhibit  an  arid  and  sterile  appearance.  The 
alluvion  of  which  the  bottoms  are  composed,  contains  a  large 
proportion  of  sand,  which,  added  to  the  nitrous  and  saline 
matter  blended  with  it,  occasions  frequent  appearances  of 
complete  barrenness.  Magnesia  also  appears  to  be  a  ompo- 
nent  part  of  the  soil,  a  quality  invariably  derogatory  to  the 
fertility  of  any  soil.  The  valley  of  the  Platte,  from  its  mouth 
to  its  constituent  forks,  spreads  to  the  width  of  ten  or  twelve 
miles,  and  forms  a  most  beautiful  expanse  of  level  country. 
It  is  bounded  on  both  sides  by  high  lands,  elevated  twenty- 
five  or  thirty  feet  above  the  valley,  and  connected  therewith 
by  gentle  slopes. 

The  river  in  several  places,  expands  to  the  width  of  many 
miles,  embosoming  numerous  islands,  some  of  which  are 

VOL.  II.  45 


354  Expedition  to  the 

broad  and  considerably  extensive,  and  all  of  them  covered 
with  a  growth  of  cottonvvood  and  willows.  These  are  the 
only  woodlands  that  make  their  appearance  alona^  the  river; 
and  in  travelling  westward,  these  become  less  numerous  and 
extensive,  till  at  length,  they  entirely  disappear.  Copses  and 
skirts  of  woodland  again  present  themselves  in  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  mountains,  but  they  are  of  small  magnitude,  and 
the  trees  they  furnish,  are  of  a  dwarfish  growth.  For  a  dis- 
tance of  nearly  two  hundred  miles,  commencing  at  the  conflu- 
ence of  the  North  and  South  Forks,  and  extending  westward- 
ly  toward  the  mountains,  the  country^  is  almost  entirely  des- 
titute of  woodland,  scarcely  a  tree,  bush,  or  even  a  shrub 
making  its  appearance. 

The  Platte  is  seldom  navigable  except  for  skin  canoes,  re- 
quiring but  a  moderate  depth  of  water,  and  for  these,  only 
when  a  freshet  prevails  in  the  river.  No  attempts  have  ever 
been  made  to  ascend  the  river  in  canoes,  for  any  considerable 
distance,  the  prevalence  of  shoals  and  the  rapidity  of  the  cur- 
rent discouraging  such  an  undertaking.  The  bed  of  the 
Platte  is  seldc;m  depressed  more  than  six  or  eight  feet  below 
the  surface  of  the  bottoms,  and  in  many  places  even  less — 
and  spreads  to  such  a  width,  that  the  highest  freshets  pass 
off,  without  inundating  the  bottoms,  except  in  their  lowest 
parts — the  rise  of  the  water  on  such  occasions  being  no  more 
than  five  or  six  feet. 

In  order  to  account  in  some  measure  for  the  diversity  of 
soil  observable  in  the  vallies  of  most  of  our  western  rivers, 
it  may  not  be  improper  in  this  place,  to  assign  one  of  the 
principal  causes  that  operate  in  producing  this  effect.  The 
alluvial  deposits  of  which  the  river  bottoms  are  formed,  con- 
sist of  particles  of  mud  and  sand  more  or  less  minute.  The 
coarser  and  more  ponderous  particles  are  of  course  first  de- 
posited, while  the  finer  are  transported  by  the  current  to  a 
greater  distance,  and  deposited  nearer  the  mouths  of  the  ri- 
vers. Thus  it  happens,  that  the  bottoms  situated  nearest  to 
the  sources  of  the  western  rivers,  are  sandy,  and  contain  but 
a  small  proportion  of  vegetable  mould,  while  those  nearer 
their  mouths,  are  generally  furnished  with  a  rich  and  fertile 
loam. 

The  Konzas  or  Konzays,  as  it  is  pronounced  by  the  In- 
dians, is  made  up  of  two  considerable  streams,  heading  in 
the  plains  between  the  Platte  and  Arkansa  rivers,  called  the 
Republican  and  Smoky  Hill  forks.  Tributary  to  the  former 
of  these,  are  the  Solomon's  and  Saline  forks,  of  less  magni- 


Rocky  Mountains.  3SS 

tude,  risirtg  also  in  the  same  plains.  The  Konzas  is  naviga- 
ble only  in  high  freshets  for  boats  of  burden,  and  on  such 
occasions  not  more  than  one  hundred  and  fifty  or  two  hun- 
dred miles,  the  navigation  being  obstructed  by  shoals.  The 
character  of  this  river  and  its  several  branches  is  similar  to 
that  of  the  Platte  and  its  tributaries.  Woodlands  are  seldom 
to  be  met  with,  except  in  narrow  skirts  and  small  copses 
along  the  water  courses.  Much  of  the  country  situated  upon 
its  forks,  is  said  to  be  possessed  of  a  good  soil,  but  is  ren- 
dered uninhabitable  for  want  of  timber  and  water.  The  bot- 
toms are  possessed  of  a  light  sandy  soil,  and  the  uplands  are 
in  many  places  characterized  by  aridity  and  barrenness.  The 
surface,  for  the  most  part,  is  rolling,  but  in  some  instances 
inclines  to  hilly. 

That  portion  of  the  Arkansa  included  within  the  section 
under  consideration,  has  a  bed  or  channel  varying  in  width 
from  four  hundred  yards  to  more  than  a  mile,  exclusive  of 
islands.  In  the  neighbourhood  of  the  mountains  its  width 
does  not  exceed  fifty  or  sixty  yards,  gradually  growing  wider 
in  its  progress  downward.  Its  valley,  lor  a  distance  of  more 
than  one  hundred  miles  from  the  place  where  it  issues  from 
tile  mountains,  contains  a  considerable  timber  growth,  prin- 
cipally of  cotton  wood,  in  skirts  bordering  upon  the  river, 
which  occasionally  embosoms  islands  clad  in  the  same  kind 
of  growth.  Every  appearance  of  timber,  however,  is  lost  on 
a  farther  progress  eastward,  and  nothing  is  presented  to  va- 
riegate or  adorn  the  prospect  inland,  but  a  broad  expanse  of 
waving  prairies. 

Proceeding  eastward  along  the  river,  its  valley  gradually 
widens,  and  the  bluflPs  or  banks  by  which  it  is  bounded,  be- 
come less  elevated  and  abrupt.  The  bottoms  rise  but  a  few 
feet  above  the  water  level  of  the  river,  but  the  freshets  hav- 
ing a  broad  bed  like  that  of  the  Platte,  to  expand  upon,  sel- 
dom rise  so  high  as  to  inundate  the  bottoms.  This  part  of 
the  Arkansa,  as  before  hinted  in  the  former  part  of  this  re- 
port, cannot  be  considered  as  navigable  except  for  boats  of 
light  burden,  during  the  prevalence  of  a  freshet.  In  a  very 
low  stage  the  river  is  said  to  disappear  in  many  places,  the 
whole  of  its  water  passing  off  through  the  immense  body  of 
sand  of  which  its  bed  is  composed. 

The  Arkansa  having  a  direction  nearly  east  and  west,  has 
no  great  variety  of  climate  to  traverse  in  its  course  from  the 
mountains  to  the  Mississippi.  Consequently  there  is  no  suc- 
cesssion  of  thaws  taking  place  upon  the  river,  calculated  to 


356  Expedition  to  the 

maintain  a  freshet  for  any  great  length  of  time.  The  fresh- 
ets are  occasioned  by  a  simultaneous  melting  of  the  snow 
throughout  the  whole  extent  of  the  river,  and  by  showers  of 
rain,  which  falling  upon  a  rolling  surface,  is  quickly  drained 
off,  and  causes  sudden,  but  seldom  excessive  rises  in  the 
river.  We  have  witnessed  in  the  Arkansa,  no  less  than  three 
rises  and  falls  of  the  water,  in  the  course  of  two  weeks. 

The  most  considerable  streams  tributary  to  this  part  of  the 
Arkansa,  are  the  Negracka  or  Red  Fork,  and  the  Newsew- 
ketonga,  or  Grand  Saline  on  the  South,  and  the  Little  Ar- 
kansa and  Stinking  Fork  on  the  north  side.  The  Negracka 
rises  within  a  short  distance  of  the  mountains,  and  after 
meandering  eastwardly  between  four  and  five  hundred  miles, 
unites  with  the  Arkansa  at  the  distance  of  about  nine  hun- 
dred miles  from  the  mouth  of  the  latter.  The  Newsewke- 
tonga  has  its  source  in  the  plains  between  the  Arkansa  and 
Canadian  rivers,  and  unites  with  the  former  about  one  hun- 
dred and  fifty  miles  below  the  Negracka.  The  head  waters 
of  the  Little  Arkansa  take  their  rise  near  the  Smoky  Hill 
fork  of  the  Konzas,  and  are  discharged  into  the  Arkansa, 
about  eight  hundred  and  sixty  miles  above  its  mouth.  The 
Stinking  Fork  rises  amongst  the  head  waters  of  the  Neosho, 
and  enters  the  Arkansa,  about  eight  hundred  miles  from  its 
mouth.  Besides  these,  there  are  many  other  streams  ot 
smaller  size,  entering  on  both  sides  of  the  river. 

The  Canadian  rises  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
and  after  a  meandering  course  of  about  one  thousand  miles, 
enters  the  Arkansa  at  the  distance  of  about  five  hundred  and 
fifty  miles  from  the  mouth  of  the  latter.  This  river  iias  ge- 
nerally been  represented  upon  the  maps  of  the  country  as 
having  a  north-easterly  course,  whereas  its  source  is  nearly 
in  the  same  latitude  as  its  confluence:  with  the  Arkansa,  con- 
sequently its  general  course  is  nearly  east.  In  its  course,  it 
forms  an  extensive  curve  to  the  southward,  leaving  a  broad 
space  between  it  and  the  Arkansa,  in  which  several  streams, 
many  hundred  miles  in  length,  tributary  to  both  of  these  ri- 
vers, have  their  origin  and  courses. 

This  river  has  a  broad  valley,  bounded  by  bluffs  from  two 
to  five  hvmdred  feet  high,  faced  with  rocky  precipices,  near 
its  source,  and  by  abrupt  declivities,  intersected  by  numerous 
ravines,  lower  down.  It  has  a  spacious  bed,  depressed  but 
a  few  feet  below  the  bottoms,  and  exhibiting  one  continued 
stratum  of  sand  through  the  greater  part  of  its  length.  It  is 
the  channel  through  which  the   water  of  a  vast  extent  of 


Rocky  Mountains.  55 f 

country  is  carried  off,  yet,  during  most  of  the  summer  season, 
it  is  entirely  destitute  of  running  water  throughout  a  large 
proportion  of  its  extent,  a  circumstance  in  proof  of  the  aridity 
of  the  region  drained  by  it.     Fifty  miles  above  its  mouth,  it 
receives  at  least  two-thirds  of  its  water  from  its  principal 
tributary,  denominated  the  North  Fork.     This  fork  rises  be- 
tween the    Arkansa  and   Canadian,   and   has   a  meandering 
course  of  about  eight  hundred  miles.     Six  milfs  above  the 
fork  just  mentioned,  another  tributary  enters  the  Canadian, 
catled  the  South  Fork,  about  half  as  large  as  the  other.  Not- 
withstanding the  supplies  afforded  by  these  two  tributaries, 
the  Canadian  has  not  a   sufficiency  of  water  in  summer,  to 
render  it  navigable  evsn  to  their  mouths.  At  the  distance  of 
twenty  miles  above  its  mouth,  a  chain  of  rocks,  (slaty  sand- 
stone) extends  across  the  bed  of  che  river,  but  occasions  no 
considerable  fall.      A  little  above  the  entrance  of  the  South 
Fork,  is  another  of  the  same  description,  forming  rapids  of 
moderate   descent,  not   more  than   four   hundred   yards  In 
length.   With  these  exceptions,  the  bed  of  the  river  presents 
no  rocky  formations   in  place,  for  more  than  four  hundred 
miles   from  its  confluence  with  the  Arkansa.     About  three 
hundred  and  fifty  miles  from  that  point,  beds  of  Gypsum  or 
Plaster  of  Paris  begin  to  make  their  appearance,  in  the  bluffs 
fronting  upon  the  river,  and  upon  the  declivities  of  the  high- 
land knobs.     A  great  abundance  of  this  article  is  to  be  met 
with,  not  only  upon  the  Canadian,  but  also  upon  the  upper 
part  of  the  Arkansa.    The  hills  in  which  it  is  imbedded,  are 
composed  of  ferruginous  clay  and  fine  sand   of  a  deep  red 
complexion.    Hence  the  Arkansa  derives  the  colouring  mat- 
ter that  gives  to  its  waters  their  reddish  hue. 

The  bottoms  of  the  Canadian,  in  the  neighbourhood  of  its 
mouth,  are  possessed  of  a  soil  exceedingly  prolific,  but  like 
those  of  the  other  rivers  of  this  region,  the  more  remote  their 
situation  from  the  mouth  of  the  river,  the  more  sandy  and 
sterile  is  their  appearance.  Its  valley  is  plentifully  supplied 
with  timber  of  an  excellent  quality,  for  a  distance  of  about 
two  hundred  miles,  on  the  lower  part  of  the  I'iver,  and  the 
highlands  for  nearly  the  same  distance  are  agreeably  diver- 
sified with  prairies  and  woodlands.  This  portion  of  the  river 
is  situated  eastward  of  the  assumed  meridian,  and  the  coun- 
try upon  it  has  already  been  partially  described  in  a  former 
part  of  this  report. 

The  woodland  growth  upon  the  lower  part  of  the  Cana- 
dian, consists  of  cotton  wood,  sycamore,  white,  blue  and 


358  Expedition  to  the 

black  ash,  swamp  cedar,  red  elm,  coffee  tree,  yellow  wood, 
sugar  tree,  box  elder,  white  and  black  walnut,  wild  cherry, 
mulberry,  &c.  in  the  river  valley,  and  hickory,  white  and  post 
oak,  black-jack,  black  oak,  &c.  upon  the  adjacent  uplands. 
On  a  progress  westward,  the  most  valuable  of  the  timber 
trees  above  enumerated,  disappear,  till  at  length  occasional 
groves  of  cotton  wood,  mingled  with  mulberry,  red  elm,  and 
stinted  shrubbery  of  various  kinds,  constitute  the  only  wood- 
lands of  the  country.  On  this  occasion,  it  may  be  observed, 
that  the  cane  or  reed,  the  pea  vine,  pawpaw,  spice  wood,  hop 
vine,  and  several  other  varieties  of  shrubs  and  vines,  com- 
mon only  to  rich  soils,  are  no  where  to  be  found  within  this 
section,  or  westward  of  the  proposed  meridian. 

The  country  of  the  Canadian,  above  that  just  mentioned, 
or  that  portion  of  it  west  of  the  assumed  meridian,  appears 
to  be  possessed  of  a  soil  somewhat  richer  than  the  more 
northerly  parts  of  the  section,  but  exhibits  no  indications  of 
extraordinary  fecundity  in  any  part  of  it.  Proceeding  west- 
ward, a  very  gradual  change  is  observable  in  the  apparent 
fertility  of  the  soil,  the  surface  becoming  more  sandy  and 
sterile,  and  the  vegetation  less  vigorous  and  luxuriant.  The 
bottoms  appear  to  be  composed,  in  many  places,  almost  ex- 
clusively of  loose  sand,  exhibiting  hut  few  signs  of  vegeta- 
tion. Knobs,  and  drifts  of  sand  driven  from  the  bed  of  the 
river  by  the  violence  of  the  wind,  are  piled  in  profusion 
along  the  margins  of  the  river,  throughout  the  greater  part 
of  its  length.  It  is  remarkable,  that  these  drifts  are,  in  many 
instances,  covered  with  grape  vines  of  a  shrubby  appearance, 
bearing  fruit  in  the  greatest  abundance  and  perfection.  The 
vines  grow  to  various  heights,  from  eighteen  inches  to  four 
feet,  unaccompanied  in  some  instances  by  any  other  vegeta- 
ble, and  bear  a  grape  of  a  dark  purple,  or  black  colour,  of  a 
delicious  flavour,  and  of  the  size  of  a  large  pea,  or  common 
gooseberry. 

The  waters  of  this  section,  almost  in  every  part  of  it,  ap- 
pear to  hold  in  solution  a  greater  or  less  proportion  of  com- 
mon salt  and  sulphate  of  magnesia,  which,  in  many  instances, 
render  them  too  brackish  or  bitter  for  use.  Saline  and  ni- 
trous efflorescences  frequently  occur  upon  the  surface,  in 
various  parts  of  the  country — and  incrustations  of  salt  of 
consideracle  thickness,  are  to  be  found  in  some  few  places 
south  of  the  Arkanea  river.  As  to  the  existence  of  rock  salt 
in  a  mineral  state,  some  doubts  are  to  be  entertained,  if  the 
decision  is  to  rest  upon  the  character  of  the  specimens  ex- 


Rockif  Mountains.  359 

hibited  as  proofs  of  the  fact.  The  several  examples  of  this 
formation,  that  we  have  witnessed,  are  evidently  crystalline 
salt,  deposited  by  a  regular  process  of  evaporation  and  crys- 
tallization, and  formed  into  concrete  masses  or  crusts  upon 
the  surface  of  the  ground. 

Indications  of  coal  are  occasionally  to  be  seen,  but  this 
mineral  docs  not  probably  occur  in  large  quantities.  The 
geological  character  of  this  section,  is  not  such  as  to  en- 
courage the  search  for  valuable  minerals.  A  deep  crust  of 
secondary  sand  stone,  occasionally  alternating  with  breccia, 
with  here  and  there  a  superstructure  of  rocks  of  a  primitive 
type,  are  the  principal  formations  that  present  themselves. 

Of  the  animals  of  this  region,  the  buffaloe  or  bison  ranks 
first  in  importance,  inasmuch  as  it  supplies  multitudes  of  sa- 
vages not  only  with  the  principal  part  ot  their  necessary  food, 
but  also  contributes  to  furnish  them  with  warm  clothing. 
The  flesh  of  this  animal  is  equal  if  not  superior  to  beef,  and 
affords  not  only^  a  savoury  but  a  wholesome  diet.  A  large 
proportion  of  this  section,  commencing  at  the  assumed  me- 
ridian, and  extending  westward  to  within  one  hundred  miles 
of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  constitutes  a  part  only  of  their  pas- 
ture ground,  over  which  they  roam  in  numbers  to  an  incre- 
dible amount.  Their  range  extends  northwardly  and  south- 
wardly of  the  section,  as  far  as  we  have  any  particular  ac- 
count of  the  country.  The  animal  next  in  importance  is  the 
wild  horse,  a  descendant,  no  doubt,  of  the  Spanish  breed  of 
horses,  to  which  its  size,  form,  and  variety  of  colours,  show 
that  it  is  nearly  allied.  In  regard  to  their  contour,  symme- 
try, &c.  they  afford  all  the  varieties  common  to  that  breed 
of  horses.  They  are  considerably  numerous  in  some  parts  of 
the  country,  but  not  abundant.  They  are  generally  collected 
in  gangs,  but  are  sometimes  solitary. 

Grizzly  or  white  bears  are  frequently  to  be  seen  in  the 
vicinity  of  the  mountains.  They  are  much  larger  than  the 
common  bear,  endowed  with  great  strength,  and  are  said  to 
be  exceedingly  ferocious.  The  black  or  common  bears,  are 
numerous  in  some  parts  of  the  country, — but  none  of  these 
animals  are  found  remote  from  woodlands,  upon  the  products 
of  which,  they  depend  in  a  great  measure  for  their  subsist- 
ence. 

The  common  deer  are  to  be  met  with  in  every  part  of  this 
section,  but  are  most  numerous  in  the  vicioity  of  woodlands. 
The  black-tailed,  or  mule   deer,  is  found  only  in  the  neigh- 


360  Expedition  to  the 

bourhood  of  the  mountains.  Hilly  and  broken  lands  seem  to 
afford  them  their  favourite  pasture  ground. 

The  elk  is  also  an  inhabitant  of  this  section,  but  is  not  to 
be  found  remote  from  woodlands.  The  cabrie,  wdd  goat,  or 
as  it  is  more  frequently  called,  the  antelope,  abounds.  It 
associates  with  the  buffaloe,  and  is  one  ot  the  most  common 
occupants  of  the  plains,  from  which  it  retires  only  in  quest 
of  water. 

Wolves  are  exceedingly  numerous,  particularly  within  the 
immediate  range  of  the  buffaloe.  Of  these  there  are  many 
varieties,  distinguishable  by  their  shape,  size  and  colour. 

The  marmot,  commonly  called  the  prairie  dog,  is  more 
abundant  throughout  this  section  than  any  other  quadruped. 
They  live  in  villages  scattered  in  every  direction,  and  thickly 
inhabited;  a  single  village,  in  some  instances,  occupying  a 
tract  of  ground  three  or  four  miles  in  extent.  Their  habita- 
tions are  burrows,  three  or  four  inches  in  diameter,  situated 
at  the  distance  of  fifteen  or  twenty  paces  asunder.  Their 
habits  and  manners,  in  other  respects,  are  peculiarly  inter- 
esting. They  subsist  on  vegetables — their  flesh  is  similar  to 
that  of  the  ground-hog,  and  their  hair  equally  as  coarse. 

The  beaver,  otter,  mink,  and  muskrat,  are  numerous  upon 
the  rivers,  creeks,  and  rivulets  issuing  from  the  mountains, 
and  generally  upon  those  whose  vallies  are  supplied  with 
woodland. 

Badgers,  raccoons,  hares,  pole-cats,  porcupines,  many  va- 
rieties of  squirrels,  panthers,  wild  cats,  lynxes,  and  foxes  of 
several  species,  are  also  inhabitants  of  this  section.  Besides 
these,  the  country  affords  a  great  variety  and  abundance  of 
reptiles  and  insects,  both  venemous  and  harmless. 

Of  the  feathered  tribes,  no  very  great  variety  is  observa- 
ble. The  turtle  dove,  the  jay,  the  barn  swallow,  the  quail, 
(partridge  of  the  middle  states)  the  owl,  whip-poor-will,  and 
lark,  which  seem  more  widely  distributed  over  the  territory 
of  the  United  States  than  any  other  birds,  are  found  here. 
Several  varieties  of  the  hawk,  containing  some  new  species, 
the  bald  and  gray  eagle,  the  buzzard,  raven,  crow,  fish  crow, 
magpie,  turkey,  two  or  three  varieties  of  the  grouse,  pheasant, 
pigeon,  many  v;u  ieties  of  the  sparrow  and  fly  catcher,  the 
whooping  or  sand-hill  crane,  curlieu,  sand-piper,  together 
with  a  variety  of  other  land  and  water  fowls,  are  more  or 
less  numerous  in  this  region.  It  is  remarkable,  that  birds  of 
various  kinds,  common  to  the  sea  coast,  and  seldom  lound 
far  in  the  interior,  pervade  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi,  to 


Rocky  Mountains.  361 

a  great  distance  from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  and  frequent  the 
regions  adjacent  to  the  Rocky  Mountains. 

In  regard  to  this  extensive  section  of  country,  we  do  not 
hesitate  in  giving  the  opinion,  that  it  is  almost  wholly  unfit 
for  cultivation,  and  of  course  uninhabitable  by  a  people  de- 
pending upon  agriculture  for  their  subsistence.  Although 
tracts  of  fertile  land,  considerably  extensive,  are  occasionally 
to  be  met  with,  yet  the  scarcity  of  wood  and  water,  almost 
uniformly  p  evalent,  will  prove  an  insuperable  obstacle  in  the 
way  of  settling  the  Cijuntry.  This  objection  rests  not  only 
against  the  immediate  section  under  consideration,  but  ap- 
plies with  equal  propriety  to  a  much  larger  portion  of  the 
country.  Agreeably  to  the  best  intelligence  that  can  be  had, 
concerning  the  country  both  northward  and  southward  of  the 
section,  and  especially  to  the  inferences  deducible  from  the 
accuunt  given  by  Lewis  and  Clark,  of  the  country  situated 
between  the  Missouri  and  the  Rocky  Mountains,  above  the 
river  Platte,  the  vast  region  commencing  near  the  sources  of 
the  Sabine,  Trinity,  Brasis,  and  Colorado,  and  extending 
northwardly  to  the  forty-ninth  degree  of  north  latitude,  by 
which  the  United  States  territory  is  limited  in  that  direction, 
is  throughout,  of  a  similar  character.  The  whole  of  this  re- 
gion seems  peculiarly  adapted  as  a  range  for  buffaloes,  wild 
goats,  and  other  wild  game,  incalculable  multitudes  of  which, 
find  ample  pasturage  and  subsistence  upon  it. 

This  region,  however,  viewed  as  a  frontier,  may  prove  of 
infinite  importance  tt  the  United  States,  inasmuch  as  it  is 
calculated  to  serve  as  a  barrier  to  prevent  too  great  an  ex- 
tension of  our  population  westward,  and  secure  us  against 
the  machinations  or  incursions  of  an  enemy,  that  might  other- 
wise be  disposed  to  annoy  us  in  that  quarter. 

The  Indians  of  the  section  last  described,  whose  numbers 
are  very  limited,  compared  with  the  extent  of  country  they 
inhabit,  will  be  considered  in  the  sequel  of  this  report. 

VI. — Of  the  Rocky  Mountains^ 
This  range  of  mountains  has  been  distinguished  by  a  va- 
riety of  appellations,  amongst  which  the  following  are  the 
most  common,  viz.  Rocky,  Shining,  Mexican,  Chippewyan, 
Andes,  &c.  The  general  course  of  the  range  is  about  N.  N. 
W.  or  S.  S.  E.  Its  breadth  varies  from  fifty  to  one  hundred 
miles.  They  rise  abruptly  out  of  the  plains  which  lie  ex- 
tended at  their  base  on  the  east  side,  towering  into  peaks  of 
great  height,  which  renders  them  visible  at  the  distance  of 
VOL.  II.  46 


363  Expedition  to  the 

more  than  one  hundred  miles  eastward  from  their  base. 
They  consist  of  ridges,  knobs  and  peaks,  variously  disposed, 
among  which  are  interspersed  many  broad  and  fertile  vallies. 
The  more  elevated  parts  of  the  mountains  are  covered  with 
perpetual  snows,  which  contribute  to  give  them  a  luminous, 
and  at  a  great  distance  even  a  brilliant  appearance,  whence 
they  have  derived  the  name  of  the  Shining  mountains. 

Between  the  Arkansa  and  Platte,  on  a  small  creek  tribu- 
tary to  the  former,  is  situated  a  high  part  of  the  mountains, 
denominated  the  "  Highest  Peak,"  on  many  maps  of  the 
country,  and  said  to  be  more  elevated  than  any  other  part, 
within  the  distance  of  one  hundred  and  fifty,  or  two  hundred 
miles.  This  peak,  whose  summit  has  been  accounted  inac- 
cessible, was  ascended  by  a  detachment  of  the  Expedition, 
conducted  by  Dr.  James,  from  which  circumstance  it  has 
been  called  James'  Peak.  Its  elevation  above  the  common 
level,  ascertained  by  a  trigonometrical  measurement,  is  about 
eight  thousand  five  hundred  feet.  But,  the  correctness  of 
the  statement,  that  it  is  higher  than  any  other  part  of  the 
mountain  within  the  distance  above  mentioned,  is  questiona- 
ble. Judging  from  the  position  of  the  snow  near  the  sum- 
mits of  other  peaks  and  ridges  at  no  great  distance  from  it, 
a  much  greater  elevation  is  apparent. 

The  mountains  are  clad  in  a  scattering  growth  of  scrubby 
pines,  oak,  cedar,  and  furze,  and  exhibit  a  very  rugged  and 
broken  aspect.  The  rocky  formations  embodied  in  them,  con- 
trary to  the  opinion  generally  received,  are  uniformly  of  a 
primitive  character,  consisting  of  granite,  gneiss,  quartz, 
rocks,  &c.  It  should  be  remarked,  however,  that  a  deep 
crust  of  secondary  rocks,  the  same  as  the  stratifications  of 
the  plains  before  mentioned,  appears  to  recline  against  the 
east  side  of  the  mountains,  extending  upward  from  their 
base,  many  hundred  feet. 

At  the  base  of  James'  peak  above  designated,  are  two  re- 
markable springs  of  water,  considerably  copious,  and  strong- 
ly impregnated  with  fixed  air.  At  the  place  also  where  the 
Arkansa  issues  from  the  mountains,  are  several  medicinal 
springs,  on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  rising  in  a  small  area 
at  the  base  of  the  mountain.  These  springs  were  discovered 
by  captain  Bell,  and  in  consequence  we  have  taken  the  liberty 
to  call  them  Bell's  springs.  They  are  six  in  number,  one  of 
which  is  strongly  impregnated  with  fixed  air,  another  with 
sulphuretted  hydrogen,  and  the  rest,  with  salt  and  sulphur — 
the  water  of  all  being  more  or  less  chalybeate. 


Rocky  Mountains,  363 

VII. — Of  the  Indians  inhabiting  the  section  of  country  last 

described. 

This  country  is  exclusively  inhabited  by  savages,  no  other 
beings  of  the  human  family  having  fixed  their  abode  within 
it.  They  consist  of  the  following  tribes  and  nations,  whose 
numbers,  places  of  residence,  and  mode  of  life,  will  be  sub- 
jects of  consideration  as  far  as  our  knowledge  of  them  ex- 
tends. 

The  Otoes,  or,  as  they  are  called  in  their  own  language, 
the  Wah-tooh  tah-tah,  reside  in  a  permanent  village  of  dirt 
or  earthen  lodges,  on  the  south  bank  of  the  river  Platte, 
about  fifty  miles  from  its  confluence  with  the  Missouri,  and 
thirty  miles  south  westwardly  from  the  Council  Bluff.  The 
principal  remnant  of  the  old  Missouries,  who  have  become 
extinct  as  a  nation,  have  their  residence  with  the  Otoes.  In 
the  course  of  the  last  winter,  whilst  these  Indians  were  ab- 
sent from  their  village,  on  their  winter  hiint^  their  town  was 
partly  burnt  by  the  Sauks,  which  misfortune  induced  them  to 
take  up  a  temporary  abode  upon  Salt  river,  a  few  miles  from 
their  former  residence.  But  it  was  generally  supposed  that 
they  would  return  again,  and  rebuild  their  town.  The  name 
of  their  principal  chief  is  Shongo-tonga,  or  Big  Horse,  Pro- 
bable number  of  lodges,  one  hundred — of  persons,  fourteen 
hundred.  The  Otoes  and  Missouries  are  esteemed  a  brave 
people,  and  are  friendly  towards  the  Americans.  They  are 
at  war  with  the  Sauks,  Foxes,  Sioux,  Osages,  latans,  and 
other  Indians  west  of  the  Missouri.  A  small  band  of  the 
laways  resided  for  some  time  with  these  Indians,  but  not 
being  able  to  harmonize  with  them,  lately  returned  to  their 
old  village  on  the  river  De  Moyen,  of  the  Mississippi.  Their 
principal  chief,  usually  called  Hard  Heart,  being  dissatisfied 
with  the  conduct  of  his'  tribe,  remains  with  the  Otoes. 

The  Omawhaw,  or  as  it  is  commonly  written,  the  Maha 
nation,  exultingly  boast  that  they  never  have  killed  an  Ame- 
rican, On  the  contrary,  they  have  ever  been  very  friendly, 
and  still  hold  the  Americans  in  the  highest  estimation.  Un- 
der the  influence  of  their  present  principal  chief,  Ongpatonga, 
or  the  Big  Elk,  they  never  go  to  war  except  in  the  pursuit 
of  a  predatory  war  party,  in  consequence  of  which,  the  tra- 
ders have  given  them  the  reputation  cf  being  cowardly.  But 
the  history  of  this  people  shows  that  they  have  been  as  am- 
bitious of  martial  renown,  and  have  acquired  as  large  a  share 
of  it  as  any  of  their  neighbours.     They  formerly  resided  in 


364  Expedition  to  the 

a  village  of  dirt  lodges,  upon  Omawhaw  creek,  a  small  stream 
entering  the  Missouri  about  two  hundred  miles  above  the 
Council  Bluff,  but  they  have  recently  abandoned  it,  and  are 
about  building  a  town  on  Elk  Horn  river.  Their  number  of 
souls  is  about  fifteen  hundred. 

The  Poncahs  have  their  residence  in  a  small  village  of 
dirt  lodges,  about  one  hundred  and  eighty  miles  above 
Omawhaw  creek.  This  tribe  have  a  common  origin  with  the 
Omawhaws,  and  speak  the  same  language.  Their  principal 
chief  is  called  Smoke  Maker.  Their  number  is  about  two 
hundred  souls. 

The  tribes  above  enumerated,  evidently  sprung  from  the 
same  common  stock,  the  language  of  all  being  radicallv  the 
same.  They  have  a  tradition  that  their  fathers  came  from 
beyond  the  lakes. 

The  Pawnees  are  a  race  of  Indians  distinct  from  the  pre- 
ceding, their  language  differing  radically  from  that  of  the 
Indians  alluded  to.  The  Pawnees  consist  of  three  distinct 
bands,  that  have  their  residence  at  present,  on  a  branch  of 
the  river  Platte,  called  the  Loup  Fork,  about  sixty  miles 
from  the  mouth  of  the  latter,  and  between  one  hundred  and 
eight,  and  one  hundred  and  fifteen  miles  westward  from  the 
Council  Bluff.  The  three  bands  are  distinguished  by  the 
appellations  of  the  Grand,  the  Republican,  and  the  Loup 
Pawnees.  The  two  former  acknowledge  a  common  origin, 
but  the  latter  deny  having  any  natural  afllinity  with  them, 
though  their  habits,  language.  &c.  indicate  the  same  ancestry. 
They  live  in  three  villages,  included  v/ithin  an  extent  of 
about  seven  miles,  on  the  north  bank  of  the  Loup  Fork,  all 
compactly  built. 

The  village  of  the  Grand  Pawnees,  is  situated  immediately 
on  the  bank  of  the  river,  and  contains  about  one  hundred  and 
eighty  earthen  lodges,  nine  hundred'families,  or  three  thou- 
sand five  hundred  souls.  The  name  of  the  principal  chief  of 
this  village,  is  Tarrarecawaho,  or  Long  Hair. 

The  village  of  the  Republican  Pawnees,  is  situated  about 
three  miles  above  that  of  the  Grand  Pawnees — contains  about 
fifty  lodges,  two  hundred  and  fifty  families,  or  one  thousand 
souls.  The  name  of  their  principal  chief  is  Fool  Robe,  who 
is  very  much  under  the  influence  of  Long  Hair.  This  band 
separated  many  years  since  from  the  Grand  Pawnees,  and 
established  themselves  upon  the  Republican  Fork  of  the 
Konzas  river,  where  they  were  visited  by  Pike,  on  his  tour 
westward.  They  seem  to  be  gradually  amalgamating  with 
the  parent  stock,  and  their  village  wears  a  declining  aspect. 


Rocky  Mountains.  365 

The  village  of  the  Loup  Pawnees,  or  Skere,  as  they  call 
themselves,  is  situated  tour  milts  above  that  List  mentioned, 
immediately  on  the  bank  of  the  river,  it  contains  about  one 
hundred  dirt  lodges,  five  hundred  families,  or  two  thousand 
souls — making  an  aggregate  of  six  thousand  five  hundred 
souls,  belonging  to  the  three  villages.  The  name  of  their 
principal  chiif,  is  the  Knife  Chief.  A  few  years  since,  the 
Loup  Piivvmes  hac!  a  custom  of  annually  sacrificing  a  human 
victim  to  the  Great  Star,  but  this  wab  abolished  by  their  pre- 
sent chief,  aided  by  the  noble  daring  of  his  gallant  son.  They 
appear  unwilling  to  acknowledge  their  affinity  with  the  other 
Pawnees,  but  their  language  being  very  nearly  the  same, 
proves  them  to  be  of  the  same  origin. 

Although  these  ba-ids  are  independent  of  each  other  in  all 
their  domestic  concerns,  government,  &c.  yet,  in  their  mili- 
tary operations  they  generally  unite,  and  warfare  becomes  a 
common  cause  with  them.  Their  arms  are  principa  ly  bows 
and  arrows,  lances,  war  clubs,  and  shields,  with  some  few 
fire  arms.  They  are  expert  horsemen,  but  generally  fight  on 
foot.  They  are  more  numerous,  and  accounted  more  formi- 
dable in  warfare  than  any  other  combination  of  savages  on 
the  Missouri.  Their  confidence  in  their  own  strength,  gives 
them  a  disposition  to  domineer  over  their  weaker  neighbours. 
They  are  at  war  with  the  Osages,_  Konzas,  Sioux,  latans, 
Kaslcaias,  Kiaways,  Shiennes,  Crows,  &c. 

The  several  tribes  above  described,  cultivate  maize  or  In- 
dian corn,  pumpkins,  beans,  water  melons,  and  squashes. — 
They  hunt  the  bison  or  buflalot,  elk,  deer,  beaver,  otter;  the 
skins  of  which,  they  exchange  with  the  traders  for  fusees, 
powder  and  lead,  kettles,  knives,  strouding,  blankets,  beads, 
Vermillion,  silver  ornaments,  and  other  trinkets.  They  pre- 
fer the  Mackinaw  guns,  blankets,  &c.,  and  will  give  a  higher 
price  for  them,  knowing  that  they  are  greatly  superior  to 
those  furnished  by  American  traders. 

The  Konzas  and  Osages,  both  of  vi^hich  reside  in  the  vi- 
cinity of  the  meridian  assumed  as  the  eastern  boundary  of 
this  section,  may  here  be  admitted  to  a  more  particular  con- 
sideration than  that  already  allowed  them  in  this  report. 
The  Konzas  Indians  reside  in  a  village  of  earthen  lodges, 
situated  on  the  north  side  of  the  river,  near  the  mouth  of 
Blue  Earth  creek,  entering  the  river  about  one  hundred  miles 
from  its  mouth.  Their  village  consists  of  about  one  hun- 
dred and  thirty  lod  es,  and  contains  about  fifteen  hundred 
souls.  This  tribe  was  formerly  very  troublesome  to  our  tra- 


366  Expedition  to  the 

ders,  frequently  robbing  them  of  their  goods,  but  since  the 
establishment  of  the  upper  posts  on  the  Missouri,  they  have 
become  very  friendly.  They  are  at  war  with  most  of  the 
other  tribes  and  nations  herein  enumerated,  except  the  Osa- 
ges  and  Otoes,  with  the  last  of  whom  they  have  lately  made 
peace,  through  the  agency  of  Major  O'Fallon,  Indian  agent 
for  the  Missouri.  Several  Indians  of  the  Missouri  tribe  re- 
side with  them. 

The  Osages  are  divided  into  three  bands  or  tribes,  called 
the  Grand  Osage,  the  Little  Osage,  and  Clermo's  band. 
The  two  former  of  which  reside  in  permanent  villages,  situ- 
ated on  the  head  waters  of  Osage  river,  and  the  last,  upon 
the  Verdigris,  about  sixty  miles  from  its  confluence  with  the 
Arkansa.  According  to  Pike,  whose  estimate  of  their  num- 
bers is  probably  near  the  truth,  the  Grand  Osages  amount  to 
one  thousand  six  hundred  and  ninety -five.  The  Little  Osages 
to  eight  hundred  and  twenty-four,  and  Clermo's  band  to  fif- 
teen hundred  souls,  making  an  aggregate  of  about  four  thou- 
sand. These  Indians  are  not  accounted  brave  by  those  in- 
habiting the  country  to  the  north  and  east  of  them,  but  are 
the  dread  of  those  west  and  south  of  them.  Although  they 
have  occasionally  been  chargeable  with  depredations  committed 
against  the  whites,  they  have  been  provoked  to  the  perpetra- 
tion of  them,  by  aggressions  or  trespasses  on  the  part  of  the 
latter,  or  else  the  depredations  have  been  committed  by  mal- 
contents of  the  nation,  who  will  not  be  governed  by  the  council 
of  their  chiefs.  These  Indians  hold  the  people  and  government 
of  the  United  States  inthe  highest  estimation,  and  have  repeat- 
edly signified  their  strong  desire,  to  be  instructed  by  them  in 
the  arts  of  ci\  ilization.  The  United  States  have  purchased  from 
them  large  and  valuable  tracts  of  country  for  mere  trifles, — 
which  the  Osages  have  been  the  more  willing  to  relinquish, 
under  the  prospect  and  encouragement  given  them,  that  the 
Americans  would  become  their  neighbours  and  instructors. 
They  are  in  a  st.ste  of  warfare  with  all  the  surrounding  tribes 
and  nations  of  Indians,  except  the  Konzas.  It  is  said  that 
they  are  about  forming  an  alliance  with  the  Sauk  and  Fox 
Indians  of  the  Mississippi,  and  that  the  latter  are  preparing 
to  remove  to  their  country.  Thev  have  recently  driven  the 
Pawnees  of  Red  river  from  their  place  of  residence,  and 
compelled  them  to  seek  an  abode  upon  the  head  waters  either 
of  the  Brassis  or  Colorado. 

The  Konzas  atvl  Osages,  are  descendants  from  the  same  com- 
mon origin,  with  the  Otoes,  Missouris,  laways,  Omawhaws, 


Rocky  Mountains.  36 7 

and  Poncahs,  to  which  may  be  added  the  Quawpaws,  and 
several  other  tribes  not  mentioned  in  this  report,  ^i'he  lan- 
guages of  all  of  them  are  radically  the  same,  hut  are  now 
distinguished  by  a  variety  of  dialects. 

VIII. — Of  the  Arrapahoes^  Kaskaias^  Kiaways,  latans,  and 

Shiennes. 
These  nations  have  no  permanent  residences  or  villages,  but 
roam  sometimes  in  society  and  sometimes  separately,  over  a 
large  portion  of  the  section  of  country  last  described.  They 
hunt  the  bison  principally,  and  migrate  from  place  to  place, 
in  the  pursuit  of  the  herds  of  that  animal,  upon  the  flesh  of 
which  they  chiefly  subsist.  Being  thus  accustomed  to  a  rov- 
ing life,  they  neglect  the  cultivation  of  the  soil,  and  subsist 
almost  exclusively  upon  animal  food.  They  formerly  carried 
on  a  limited  trade  with  the  Spaniards  of  Mexico,  with  whom 
they  exchanged  dressed  bison  skins  for  blankets,  wheat  flour, 
maize,  &c.,  but  their  supplies  of  these  articles  are  now  cut 
off,  by  a  war  which  they  are  at  present  waging  against  that 
people.  Ihey  also,  at  distant  periods,  held  a  kind  ot'fair^  on 
a  tributary  of  the  Platte,  near  the  mountains,  (hence  called 
Grand  Camp  Creek)  at  which  they  obtained  British  mer- 
chandize from  the  Shiennes  of  Shienne  river,  who  obtained 
the  same  at  the  Mandan  village,  from  the  British  traders 
that  frequent  that  part  of  our  territory.  Last  winter,  they 
traded  a  great  number  of  horses  and  mules,  with  a  party  ot 
white  men,  who  had  ascended  Red  river,  but  whence  the  party 
came  could  not  be  ascertained:  it,  however,  appeared  proba- 
ble that  they  were  citizens  of  the  United  States,  or  possibly 
freebooters  from  Barrataria. 

The  Shiennes  associated  with  those  wandering  tribes,  are 
a  small  band  of  seceders,  from  the  nation  of  the  same. name, 
residing  upon  Shienne  river.  They  are  said  to  be  daring  and 
ferocious.  They  are,  however,  kept  under  restraint  by  the 
energy  and  firmness  of  their  chief.  The  Bear''s  Toothy  who 
is  the  principal  chief  of  the  Arapahoes,  and  the  head  chief  of 
all  these  nations,  possesses  great  influence  over  the  whole.  His 
mandates,  which  are  uniformly  characterized  by  discretion 
and  propriety,  are  regarded  by  his  subjects  as  inviolable  laws. 

The  Kaskaia  and  Kiaway  languages  are  very  difficult  to  ac- 
quire a  knowledge  of.  Our  interpreter,  who  had  lived  se- 
veral years  with  them,  could  only  make  himself  understood 
by  the  language  of  signs,  with  the  aid  of  a  very  few  words 
of  the  Crow  language,  which  many  of  them  appeared  to  un- 


368  Expedition  to   the 

derstancl.  Indeed  many  of  the  individuals,  of  these  different 
nations,  seemed  to  be  ignorant  of  each  other's  language,  for 
when  they  met,  they  would  communicate  by  means  of  signs, 
with  now  and  then  an  oral  interjection,  and  would  thus  main- 
tain a  conversation  apparently  without  the  least  difficulty  or 
misapprehension. 

These  nations  are  at  war  with  all  the  Missouri  Indians,  as 
far  down  as  the  Osages,  who  are  also  included  amongst  their 
enemies,  and  it  was  rumoured  that  hostilities  had  recently 
commenced  between  them  and  the  Shiennes,  upon  the  river 
of  the  same  name. 

Their  implements  of  war,  consist  of  the  bow  and  arrow, 
the  lance,  war-club,  and  shield.  They  usually  fight  on  horse- 
back, and  as  horsemen,  display  great  skill  and  activity. 

Their  habitations  are  leather  lodges,  which  serve  them 
as  tents  on  their  march,  and  dwellings  at  the  places  of  their 
encampment. 

Widely  diffused  as  these  Indians  are  and  never  embodied, 
it  is  impracticable  even  to  conjecture  their  numliers,  with  any 
degree  of  probable  accuracy.  They  roam,  not  only  through- 
out the  section  above  specified,  but  extensively,  within  the 
range  of  the  Rcjcky  Mountains. 

The  foregoing  remarks  concerning  the  Indians  of  this  part 
of  the  countr}',  have  been  made,  for  the  most  part,  agreeably 
to  the  suggestions  of  Mr.  Say,  whose  attention  was  particu- 
larly directed  to  researches  of  this  nature.  But  having  been 
robbed  of  his  notes  upon  the  customs,  manners,  traditions,  &c. 
of  the  western  Indians, by  the  men,  who  deserted  from  captain 
Bell's  party,  he  could  give  no  farther  account  of  them,  than 
what  his  recollection  could  supply.  Of  the  Konzas,  Otoes, 
Pawnees,  and  other  Indians  near  the  Council  Bluff,  his  notes 
are  considerably  extensive,  but  the  vessel  on  board  of  which 
they  with  other  articles,  were  shipped  from  New  Orleans, 
-having  been  obstructed  in  her  passage  up  the  Delaware  by 
ice,  we  have  not  yet  received  them. 

IX. — Observatiotis  embracing'  several  traits  of  character  com- 
mon to  the  Indians  of  the  xvesterti  country. 

An  accurate  and  extensive  knowledge,  of  the  numerous 
tribes  and  nations  of  Indians  living  within  the  United  States 
territory,  can  only  be  attained  by  a  long  residence  with 
them.  Thev  are  seldom  communicative,  except  upon  sub- 
jects intimately  connected  with  their  personal  experience  or 
present  interests,  and  welfare,  in  regard  to  matters  of  an  ab- 


Rocky  Mountains,  '  369 

stract  or  metaphysical  nature,  their  ideas  appear  to  be  very 
limited;  at  any  rate  very  little  is  known  of  th*;ir  sentiments 
upon  subjects  of  this  kind,  owing  probably,  in  a  great  mea- 
sure, to  the  inability  of  the  persons  usually  employed  as  in- 
terpreters, to  converse  intelligently  concerning  them.  The 
delicate  trains  of  thought  and  reflection,  attributed  to  them 
by  writers,  who  have  attempted  to  enlarge  our  acquaintance 
with  the  Indian  character,  usually  have  their  origin  in  the 
ingenuity  of  the  writers  themselves.  The  exploits  of  their 
war  parties,  and  particularly  those  of  Individuals,  are  often 
recounted,  but  are  seldom  transmitted  to  succeeding  genera- 
tions, unless  they  are  characterized  by  some  signal  advan- 
tage to  the  tribe  or  nation  to  which  the  party  or  Individual 
belongs.  Hence,  their  history  Is  very  defective,  affording  but 
few  incidents,  and  characterized  by  no  regular  series  of 
events.  In  regard  to  the  population  and  strength  of  the  se- 
veral tribes  and  nations,  also  the  ages  of  individuals,  no  pre- 
cise statements  can  be  made;  all  the  information  given  under 
these  heads  is  almost  without  exception,  conjectural.  In  rela- 
tion to  subjects  of  this  kind,  the  Indians  are  either  Ignorant 
or  wilfully  silent,  and  deem  it  an  impertinent  curiosity  that 
prompts  a  stranger  to  the  investigation  of  them. 

Notwithstanding  these  obstacles  in  the  way  of  acquiring 
authentic  and  credible  Information  concerning  the  savages, 
yet  there  are  certain  traits  In  their  general  character,  that 
are  observable  In  a  partial  acquaintance  with  a  variety  of 
tribes  and  nations,  and  upon  these  the  following  remarks  arc 
grounded. 

They  are,  almost  without  exception,  addicted  to  habits  of 
extreme  Indolence;  self-preservation,  self-defence,  and  re- 
creation, being  their  usual  incitements  to  action.  The  labo- 
rious occupations  of  the  men,  consist  almost  exclusively  in 
hunting,  warfare,  and  tending  their  horses.  Their  amuse- 
ments are  principally  horse-racing,  gambling,  and  sports  of 
various  kinds.  The  cultivation  of  corn  and  other  vegetables, 
the  gathering  of  fuel,  cooking,  and  all  other  kinds  of  domes- 
tic drudgery,  is  the  business  of  the  women,  the  men  deem- 
ing it  degrading  to  their  dignity,  to  be  occupied  in  employ- 
ments of  this  kind.  Their  religion  consists  in  the  observance 
of  a  variety  of  rites  and  ceremonies,  which  they  practise  with 
much  zeal  and  enthusiasm.  Their  devotional  exercises  con- 
sist in  singing,  dancing,  and  the  performance  of  various  mys- 
tical ceremonies^  which  they  believe  efficacious  in  healing  the 

VOL.  ri.  47 


370  Expedition  to  the 

sick,  frustrating  the  designs  of  their  enemies,  and  in   giving 
success  to  any  enterprise  in  which  they  may  be  iembarked. 

Amongst  all  the  tribes  of  the  west,  secret  associations 
or  councils  are  common,  the  proceedings  ot  which  are  held 
sacred,  and  not  to  be  divulged,  except  when  the  interests  of 
the  people  are  thought  to  require  a  disclosure.  To  these 
councils,  which  they  denominate  medicine,  or  rather  magic 
feasts,  none  are  admitted  but  the  principal  men  of  the  nation, 
or  such  as  have  signalized  themselves  by  their  exploits  in 
battle,  hunting,  stealing  horses,  or  in  any  of  the  pursuits  ac- 
counted laudable  by  the  Indians. 

They  appear  to  have  no  laws,  except  such  as  grow  out  of 
habitual  usages,  or  such  as  are  sanctioned  by  common  con- 
sent; and  the  execution  of  these  seems  to  be  vested  entirely 
in  the  chiefs  and  warriors,  who  are  allowed  to  use  the  ut- 
most severity,  in  enforcing  order  and  subordination. 

In  all  their  acts  of  devotion,  as  also  on  all  occasions  where 
their  confidence  is  to  be  won,  or  their  friendship  to  be  plight- 
ed, the  smoking  of  tobacco  seems  to  be  invariably  regarded, 
as  an  inviolable  token  of  sincerity.  They  believe  in  the  ex- 
istence of  a  Supreme  Being,  whom  they  denominate  "  Master 
of  Life,"  or  ''  Good  Spirit,"  but,  of  his  attributes,  their  ideas 
are  vague  and  confused. 

They  are,  generally,  in  the  habit  of  offering  in  sacrifice,  a 
portion  of  the  game  first  taken  in  a  hunting  expedition,  a  part 
of  the  first  products  of  the  field,  and  often  a  small  portion  of 
the  food  provided  for  their  refreshment.  In  smoking  they 
generally  direct  the  first  puff  upward  and  the  second  down- 
ward to  the  earth,  or  the  first  to  the  rising  and  the  second  to 
the  setting  sun,  after  which  they  inhale  the  smoke  into  their 
lungs,  and  puff  it  out  through  the  nostrils,  for  their  own  re- 
freshment. 

They  have  some  indistinct  notion  of  the  immortality  of  the 
soul,  but  appear  to  know  no  distinction  of  heaven  or  hell, 
Elysium  or  Tartarus,  as  the  abode  of  departed  spirits. 

The  arts  of  civilized  life,  instead  of  exciting  their  emula- 
tion, are  generally  viewed  by  the  Indians  as  objects  unwor- 
thy of  their  attention.  This  results  as  a  natural  consequence, 
from  their  habits  of  indolence.  They  are  aware  that  much 
labour  is  requisite  in  the  prosecution  of  them,  and  being  in- 
ured, from  their  infancy  to  look  upon  manual  labour  of  every 
description,  as  a  drudgery,  that  pertains  exclusively  to  the 
female  part  of  their  community,  they  think  it  degrading 
te  the  character  of  men,  to  be  employed  in  them.    Hunt- 


Rocky  Mountains.  371 

ing,  horsemanship,  and  warfare,  are  the  only  avocations  in 
which  their  ambition  or  sense  of  honour,  prompts  them  to 
engage. 

Their  reluctance  to  forgive  an  injury,  is  proverbial.  *'  In- 
juries are  revenged  by  the  injured;  and  blood  for  blood  is 
always  demanded,  if  the  deceased  has  friends  who  dare  to 
retaliate  upon  the  destroyer."  Instances  have  occurred  where 
their  revenge  has  become  hereditary,  and  quarrels  have  been 
settled  long  after  the  parties,  immediately  concerned,  have 
become  extinct. 

Much  has  been  published  in  relation  to  the  high  antiquity 
of  Indian  traditions,  of  those  particularly  which  relate  to 
their  origin,  and  their  religion.  But  from  the  examples  afford- 
ed by  the  several  nations  of  Indians  resident  upon  the  Mis- 
sissippi and  its  waters,  but  little  proof  is  to  be  had  in  fa- 
vour of  the  position.  It  is  not  doubted,  that  the  immedi- 
ate objects  of  their  worship,  have  been  held  in  reverence 
by  their  predecessors,  for  a  long  succession  of  ages;  but  in 
respect  to  any  miraculous  dispensations  of  Providence  of 
which  they  have  a  traditional  knowledge,  their  ideas  are 
at  best  exceedingly  vague  and  confused,  and  of  occurrences 
recorded  in  sacred  history,  they  appear  to  be  entirely  igno- 
rant. The  knowledge  they  have  of  their  ancestry  is  also  very 
limited,  so  much  so,  that  they  can  seldom  trace  back  their 
pedigree  more  than  a  few  generations,  and  then  know  so  lit- 
tle of  the  place  whence  their  fathers  came,  that  they  can  on- 
ly express  their  ideas  upon  the  subject  in  general  terms,  sta- 
ting, that  they  came,  "  from  beyond  the  lakes,  from  the  ri- 
sing or  setting  sun,  from  the  north  or  south,"  &c.  In  some 
instances,  where  their  term  of  residence  in  a  place  has  evi- 
dently been  of  short  duration,  they  have  either  lost,  or  con- 
ceal their  knowledge  of  the  country  whence  their  ancestors 
came,  and  assert  that  the  Master  of  Life  created  and  plant- 
ed their  fathers  on  the  spot  where  they,  their  posterity,  now 
live.  They  have  no  division  of  time  except  by  years,  sea- 
sons, moons,  and  days.  Particular  periods  are  distinguished 
by  the  growth  and  changes  of  vegetables,  the  migrations,  in- 
cubations, &c.  of  birds  and  other  animals. 

Their  language  is  of  two  kinds:  viz.  verbal  and  signal,  ol 
the  language  of  signs. 

The  former  presents  a  few  varieties  marked  by  radical 
differences,  and  a  multiplicity  of  dialects  peculiar  to  indivi- 
dual tribes  or  nations  descended  from  the  same  original.  The 
latter  is  a  language  common  to  most,  if  not  to  all  of  the  west- 


372  Expedition  to  the 

em  Indians,  the  motions  or  signs  used  to  express  ideas,  ijc  !|^,<3B 
ing,   with  some   slight  variations,  the   same  amongst  all  of  ^    " 
them.    Nearly  allied  to  the  language  of  signs,  is  a  species  of 
written  language  which  they  make  use  of,  consisting  of  a  few 
jBymbolical  representations,  and  of  course,  very  limited  and 
defective. 

The  figures  they  make  use  of  have  but  a  faint  resemblance 
to  the  object  described,  and  are  rudely  imprinted  upon  trees, 
cliffs,  8tc.  by  means  of  paints,  charcoal,  and  sometimes  by 
carving  with  a  knife  or  other  edged  tool,  and  are  significant 
of  some  movement,  achievement,  or  design  of  the  Indians. 
A  variety  of  figures  of  this  description  are  to  be  seen 
upon  the  cliflPs,  rocks,  and  trees,  in  places  held  sacred,  and 
frequently  resorted  to  by  the  Indians,  but  of  their  import, 
little  is  known.  Many  of  these  symbols  are  made  by  the 
magicians,  or  men  of  Medicine,  and  are  probably  of  sacred 
or  devotional  import. 

Much  intrigue,  cunning,  and  artifice,  are  blended  with  the 
policy  of  the  Indians,  and  judging  from  the  usual  practice,  it 
is  a  favorite,  and  well  approved  maxim  with  them,  that 
"  the  end  sanctifies  the  means-"  In  an  interview  with  stran- 
gers, it  appears  to  be  their  first  object,  to  ascertain  their 
motives,  and  the  objects  of  their  visit,  and  after  regarding 
them  for  some  time  without  a  show  of  curiosity,  a  variety 
of  interrogatories  are  proposed,  in  order  tq  satisfy  themselves 
upon  these  points.  This  they  appear  to  do  with  the  view 
also  of  scrutinizing  into  the  character  and  disposition  of  their 
guests.  In  the  course  of  the  conversation  they  become 
more  and  more  familiar  and  impertinent,  till  at  length,  their 
familiarity  is  succeeded  by  contempt  and  insult.  Thus, 
from  the  coldest  reserve,  they  are  in  a  short  time,  impelled 
by  curiosity,  and  a  propensity  to  abuse,  where  they  are  not 
in  some  measure  compelled  to  respect,  to  the  commission  of 
outrages,  e\en  Vv^ithout  the  slightest  provocation.  This  kind 
of  treatment,  however,  is  easily  obviated  at  the  commence- 
ment of  an  interview,  by  resisting  every  advance  made  by 
the  Indians  towards  familiarity,  and  by  uniformly  opposing 
firmness  and  reserve  to  the  liberties  they  are  disposed  to 
take. 

These  attributes  of  the  Indian  character  manifest  them- 
selves not  only  in  the  well  known  sratagems  they  adopt  in 
warfare,  but  in  the  management  of  their  domestic  concerns, 
in  which  rivalships  of  one  kind  or  other  are  engendered;  par- 
ties are  formed,  and  pretenders  arise,  claiming  privileges  that 


Rocky  Mountains.  Z1% 

have  been  withheld  from  them,  and  placing  themselves  at 
the  head  of  factions,  occasionally  withdraw  from  the  mother 
tribe.  Thus  new  tribes  ai'e  formed  and  diotributed  in  va- 
rious directions  over  the  country,  with  nothing  to  mark  their 
genealogy  but  the  resemblance  of  their  language  to  that  of 
the  parent  stock,  or  of  other  Indians  that  sprung  from  the 
same  origin. 

The  chiefs  or  governors  of  tribes,  have  their  rank  and  ti- 
tle bv  inheritance;  vet  in  order  to  maintain  them,  and  secure 
themselves  in  their  preeminence,  they  are  under  the  neces- 
sity of  winning  over  to  their  interests  the  principal  warriors 
and  most  influential  men  of  their  tribe,  whose  countenance 
and  support  are  often  essential  to  their  continuance  in  autho- 
rity. 

In  conciliating  the  friendship  of  these,  the  chief  is  often 
compelled  to  admit  them  to  participate  in  the  authority  with 
which  he  is  invested,  and  to  bestow  upon  them  any  effects  of 
which  he  may  be  possessed.  1  bus  it  often  happens,  that  the 
chiefs  are  among  the  poorest  of  the  Indians,  having  parted 
with  their  horses,  clothes,  trinkets,  &c.  to  ensure  the  further 
patronagf  of  their  adherents,  or  to  purchase  the  friendship 
of  those  that  are  disaffected. 

The  situation  of  principal  chief  is  very  frequently  usurped 
during  the  minority  of  the  rightful  successor;  or  wrested 
from  an  imbecile  incumbent  by  some  ambitious  chief  or  war- 
rior. In  this  case,  the  ascendency  obtained  over  the  nation 
by  the  usurper  is  gradual,  and  depends  upon  the  resources 
of  his  own  mind,  aided  by  his  reputation  for  generosity  and 
valour. 

The  condition  of  the  savages  is  a  state  of  constant  alarm 
and  apprehension.  Their  security  from  their  enemies,  and 
their  means  of  subsistence,  are  precarious  and  uncertain,  the 
former  requiring  the  utmost  vigilance  to  prevent  its  infrac- 
tion, and  the  latter  being  attended  with  no  regular  supplies 
of  the  necessaries  of  life.  In  times  of  the  most  profound 
peace,  whether  at  their  villages  or  on  a  hunting  expedition, 
they  are  continually  on  the  alert^  lest  they  should  be  sur- 
prised by  their  enemies.  By  day  scouts  are  constantly  kept 
patroling  for  a  considerable  distance  around  them,  and  by 
night  sentinels  are  posted,  to  give  notice  of  the  approach  of 
strangers. 

When  they  engage  in  a  hunt.,  they  generally  abandon  their 
villages,  old  men,  women  and  children  joining  in  the  enter- 
prize,  through  fear  of  being  left  at  home  without  the  strength 


274  Expedition  to  the 

of  their  nation  to  protect  them.  On  their  march  they  endea> 
vour  to  make  as  great  a  display  of  force  as  practicable,  in 
order  to  intimidate  any  of  their  enemies  that  may  be  lurking 
to  spy  out  their  condition.  With  this  view,  they  are  careful 
to  pitch  their  lodges  or  tents  at  the  places  of  their  encamp- 
ment, in  such  a  manner,  and  in  such  numbers,  as  to  give  the 
impression  at  a  distance,  that  they  are  numerous  and  formi- 
dable. We  have  witnessed  a  hunting  party  on  their  march, 
consisting  of  not  more  than  one  hundred  persons,  including 
men,  women,  and  children,  yet  at  their  encampment,  more 
than  thirty  lodges  were  pitched,  each  of  which  would  ac- 
commodate at  least,  twelve  adult  persons. 

It  is  an  opinion  generally  credited,  that  the  Indians  are 
possessed  of  strong  natural  appetites  for  ardent  spirits,  but 
there  is  at  least  room  to  doubt  of  its  being  well  founded. 
That  their  appetites  for  them  are  often  strong  and  ungovern- 
able, is  very  certain,  but  they  may  be  considered  as  factitious 
rather  than  natural,  having  been  created  by  occasional  in- 
dulgences in  the  use  of  intoxicating  liquors.  Instances  are 
not  rare,  in  which  Indians  have  refused  to  accept  liquor 
when  offered  them.  After  a  long  abstinence  from  food,  any 
thing  calculated  to  allay  the  cravings  of  the  appetite  is  ea- 
gerly swallowed;  and  on  such  occasions,  nothing  perhaps 
produces  such  an  effect  more  speedily,  than  spirituous  liquor. 
Indians,  while  lounging  about  a  trading  establishment,  are 
often  destitute  of  food  for  a  considerable  time,  and  can  ob- 
tain no  other  kind  of  refreshment  from  the  trader  but  liquor, 
which  is  bestowed  partly  in  exchange  for  commodities  they 
may  have  to  dispose  of,  and  partly  by  way  of  encouraging 
them  to  return  to  him  with  the  products  of  their  next  hunt. 
A  small  draught,  on  such  occasions,  produces  intoxication, 
and  the  sudden  transition  from  a  state  of  gnawing  hunger 
to  that  of  unconcerned  inebriety,  cannot  fail  to  make  them 
passionately  fond  of  a  beverage  that  can  thus  change  their 
condition  so  much  to  their  immediate  satisfaction.  In  their 
use  of  ardent  spirits,  the  Indians  appear  to  be  less  captivated 
with  their  taste  than  with  their  exhilarating  effects.  The 
quality  of  liquor  is  not  a  subject  of  discrimination  with  them; 
provided  it  has  sufficient  strength  to  inebriate,  they  are  satis- 
fied, let  its  character  in  other  respects  be  what  it  may.  Hav- 
ing contracted  the  habit  of  intoxication,  they  seldom  appear 
thankful  for  liquor  unless  it  has  been  bestowed  in  such  quan- 
tities as  are  sufficient  to  produce  that  effect. 

In  the  indulgence  of  their  appetites,  they  display  but  few, 


Rocky  Mountains.  Z7S 

or  no  traits  of  epicurism,  choosing  those  kinds  of  food  that 
are  most  nutritive,  without  regarding  their  taste,  or  flavour. 

In  the  preservation  of  their  food  no  pains  are  taken  to 
render  it  savoury  or  palatable,  their  object  is  solely  to  reduce 
it  to  a  state  of  security  against  putrefaction.  They  make  no 
use  of  spices  or  other  aromatics,  either  in  preserving  or 
cooking  their  food.  Even  salt  is  not  considered  as  an  essen- 
tial, and  is  seldom  uscd  as  an  appendage  in  thtir  cookery. 
This  article  is  only  prized  by  them  on  account  of  its  useful- 
ness for  their  horses.  In  regard  to  their  choice  of  food,  how- 
ever, and  manner  of  cooking  it,  the  small  variety  within 
their  reach,  and  the  impracticability  of  obtaining  condi- 
ments of  different  kinds,  perhaps  renders  them  less  particular 
in  these  respects,  than  they  would  be  under  different  circum- 
stances. It  cannot  be  supposed  that  they  are  entirely  insensi- 
ble to  dainties  of  every  description,  on  the  contrary,  they  ap- 
pear remarkably  fond  of  sugar  and  saccharine  fruits. 

They  appear  to  have  a  natural  propensity  for  the  fumes 
of  tobacco,  which  they  in\ariably  inhale  into  the  lungs,  and 
eject  through  the  nostrils.  1  hey  make  no  use  of  this  article 
except  in  smoking,  which  is  an  indulgence  of  which  they  are 
exceedingly  reluctant  to  be  deprived.  Wiien  they  cannot 
obtain  tobacco,  they  use  as  a  substitute  the  dried  leaves  of 
the  sumac,  the  inner  bark  of  the  red  willow  dried,  and  the 
leaves  and  bark  of  a  few  other  shrubs,  the  fumes  of  which 
ar.  less  stimulating,  but  equally  as  palatable  as  those  of  to- 
bacco. 

The  Indians  under  consideration  know  not  the  use  or  va- 
lue of  the  precious  metals,  except  as  trinkets  or  ornaments 
for  their  dress.  They  use  wampum,  and  in  some  few  in- 
stances, shells  of  a  small  size,  and  of  a  particular  character, 
as  a  substitute  for  money.  But,  in  general,  furs,  peltries,  hor- 
ses, and  various  articles  of  dress,  at  standing  or  fixed  rates 
of  barter,  are  the  immediate  objects,  both  of  internal  and  ex- 
ternal trade. 

They  do  not  hold  their  property  in  common,  but  each  in- 
dividual enjoys  the  Iruit  of  his  own  toil  and  industry.  They 
are  accounted  more  or  less  wealthy,  according  to  the  num- 
ber of  horses  they  are  possessed  of,  and  the  style  in  which 
they   are  able  to  dress. 

Polygamy  is  common  amongst  them,  every  man  being  al- 
lowed to  have  as  many  wives  as  he  can  maintain.  Marriages 
are  binding  upon  the  parties  only  as  long  as  they  think  pro- 
per to  live  together,  and  are  often  contracied  for  a  limited 


a.76  Expedition  to  the 

term  particularly  specified.     Females,  during  the  periods  of*, 
their    catiimcnia,  are  excluded   from  society,  aiid  comp' lied 
even  to  sleep  apart  from  their  tamiiies,  in  small  tents  or  lodg- 
es constructed  fcr  their  use. 

Dancing  is  common  amongst  them,  both  as  a  devotional 
exercise,  and  an  amusement.  1  heir  i/esturi-b  on  both  tjcta- 
sions  are  similar,  except  that  on  the  tormcr  they  art  •*€- 
companied  by  solemnit) ,  and  on  the  latter  by  cheerlulne.ss, 
and  are  characterized  by  extraordinary  uncouthness  rainir 
than  by  gracefulness.  No  ribaldry,  however,  or  tricks  oi  buf- 
foonery are  practised  on  these  occasions;  on  the  contrary, 
their  deportment  is  uniformly  accordant  with  their  ideas  of 
decorum.  This  exercise  is  invariably  accompanied  by  sing- 
ing, or  a  kind  ot  chanting,  in  whic.*"!  the  women,  who  are  ge- 
nerally excluded  from  a  participation  in  the  former,  perform 
their  part.  Their  music  consists  in  a  succession  of  tones,  of 
equal  intervals,  accompanied  by  occasional  elevations  and 
depressions  of  the  voice.  The  modulaiions  with  which  it  is 
variegated,  are  by  no  means  melodious;  the  voices  of  all  the 
chanters  move  in  unison,  and  appear  to  utter  the  same  aspira- 
tions. The  same  series  of  sounds  appears  to  be  common  to 
the  chanting  oflill  the  tribes. 

The  foregoing  are  among  the  most  common  features  in  the 
general  character  of  the  western  Indians.  Although  in  a  re- 
gion so  extensive  as  that  inhabited  by  them,  and  amongst  so 
great  a  variety  of  tribes  and  nations,  a  considerable  diversity 
of  character  is  to  be  expected  and  admitted,  yet  it  is  believed 
that  the  traits  above  considered  are  common  to  the  whole  as 
a  race  of  barbarians.  And,  although  the  shades  of  barbarism  in 
which  they  are  enveloped,  uniformly  exclude  the  light  of  ci- 
vilization, yet  it  is  not  to  be  presumed  that  they  are  equally 
dark  and  malignant  in  all  cases. 

IX. — Of  the  Mississippi^  Missouri^  and  Ohio  rivers, 

I  trust  it  will  not  be  deemed  improper  on  this  occasion,  to 
offer  a  few  remarks  upon  the  character  of  these  rivers,  em- 
bracing more  particularly  the  condition  of'  their  navigation. 

The  causes  heretofore  alleged  as  giving  occasion  to  a  di- 
versity of  soil  within  the  vallies  of  the  western  rivers,  have 
an  effect  also  in  giving  character  to  their  channels  or  beds. 
For  example,  the  banks  near  the  mouths  of  the  rivers,  being 
composed  of'  a  fine,  unctuous,  and  adhesive  alluvion,  are 
less  liable  to  crumble  and  wash  away,  and  constitute  a  more 
permanent  barrier  to  resist  the  force  of  the  current  than  those 


Rocky  Mountains.  377 

higher  up,  that  are  composed  of  coarser  materials.  In  con- 
sequence, the  beds  of  the  river  are  rendered  narrower  and 
deeper  to*vards  their  mouths  than  at  greater  distances  above 
them.  This  is  more  particularly  the  case  with  the  Missis- 
sippi, Red,  Arkansa,  and  some  others,  whose  beds  or  chan- 
nels gradually  dilate  and  become  more  shoal,  on  ascending 
from  their  mouths.  Thus  it  happens,  also,  that  the  naviga- 
tion of  the  Mississippi  has  fewer  obstructions  between  Natch* 
es  and  its  mouth,  than  above,  this  part  of  the  river  having  so 
great  a  depth  of  water,  that  snags,  bars,  &c.  are  sunk  below 
the  reach  of  every  kind  of  water  craft  employed  in  its  navi- 
gation. From  Natches  upward,  to  its  confluence  with  the 
Missouri  the  river  presents  impediments  that  become  more 
and  more  numerous  and  difficult  to  pass.  Still,  however,  the 
main  channel,  though  intricate  in  many  places,  affords  a  suf- 
ficient depth  of  water  in  all  stages  for  boats  of  five  or  six  feet 
draft  to  ascend  to  the  mouth  of  the  Ohio.  From  this  point 
to  the  Missouri,  a  distance  of  more  than  two  hundred  and 
twenty  miles,  the  navigation  is  partially  obstructed  during  a 
very  low  stage  of  the  water  by  shoals,  so  that  it  is  navigable 
only  for  boats  of  moderate  burthen,  requiring  but  about  three 
feet  of  water.  At  the  distance  of  about  thirty  miles  above 
the  mouth  of  the  Ohio,  there  are  two  rocky  bars  extending 
across  the  Mississippi,  called  the  Big  and  Little  Chains, 
which  in  the  deepest  channel  across  them  afford  no  more 
than  five  or  six  feet  of  water,  in  a  low  stage,  and  occasion  a 
great  rapidity  of  current.  The  Mississippi  is  usually  at  its 
lowest  stage  about  the  middle  of  August,  the  summer  fresh- 
et of  the  Missouri  having  subsided  previously  to  that  time. 
It  usually  continues  in  this  stage  till  it  is  swollen  by  the  fall 
freshet  of  the  Ohio,  after  which  it  subsides  again  and  re- 
mains low  during  the  winter.  The  distance  from  New  Or- 
leans to  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri,  is  estimated  at  about 
twelve  hundred  miles.  Its  current  in  the  main  channel  of 
the  river  is  supposed  to  have  an  average  velocity  of  3  3-4 
miles  per  hour  in  a  moderate  stage  of  the  water,  but  when 
the  river  is  high  its  velocity  is  considerably  accelerated.  Its 
water  is  turbid,  being  charged  with  a  fine  argillaceous  mud, 
of  a  light  colour,  derived  exclusively  from  the  Missouri. 

The  Missouri  is  a  very  wild  and  turbulent  river,  posses- 
sing the  ruder  features  of  the  Mississippi,  but  destitute  of 
the  gentleness  characteristic  of  the  latter  in  many  places. 
The  obstructions  to  the  navigation  of  the  Missouri,  although 
they  are  of  the  same  character  with  those  of  the  Mississippi>, 

VOL.  II.  48 


378  Expedition  to  the 

;lrc  far  more  numerous  and  formidable  than  those  of  the  lat- 
ter. The  channel  is  rendered  exceedingly  intricate  by  means 
of  sand-bars  and  islands,  and  the  navigation,  in  many  places, 
is  very  hazardous  on  account  of  the  multiplicity  of  rafts, 
snags,  sand-bars,  &c.,  with  which  the  channel  is  beset.  No 
part  of  the  river  is  exempt  from  these  obstructions,  for  any 
great  distance,  particularly  when  the  water  is  low. 

As  this  river  in  connection  with  some  of  its  principal  tri- 
butaries, traverses  a  considerable  variety  of  climates,  embra- 
cing more  than  ten  degrees  of  latitude,  a  series  of  spring  fresh- 
ets invariably  takes  place,  maintaining  an  elevated  stage  of 
water,  from  the  breaking  up  of  winter,  early  in  March,  to  the 
middle,  and  sometimes  the  last  of  July,  when  it  is  terminated 
by  the  summer  freshet  yielded  by  the  most  northerly  of  its 
tributaries.  During  this  period,  there  is  a  sufficient  depth  of 
water  to  admit  boats  of  almost  any  burden;  but  during  the 
residue  of  the  year,  it  can  hardly  be  called  navigable,  except 
for  boats,  drawing  no  more  than  twenty-five  or  thirty  inches. 
The  river  is  usually  blocked  up  with  ice  during  the  winter 
season.  The  average  velocity  of  its  current  in  a  middle 
stage  of  water,  may  be  estimated  at  four  and  a  half  miles, 
and  in  time  of  a  high  freshet,  it  moves  with  an  accelerated 
velocity,  equal  to  five  or  five  and  a  half  miles  per  hour. 

The  Ohio  river,  as  before  hinted,  differs  from  those  just 
described,  in  the  rapidity  of  its  current,  the  width  of  its  bed, 
character  of  its  channel,  and  in  several  other  respects.  But 
as  its  general  character  is  well  known,  a  few  remarks  in  re- 
lation to  it,  will  here  suffice.  The  obstructions  to  its  naviga- 
tion are  sand-bars,  some  few  rafts  and  snags,  and  rapids,  to 
which  the  intricacy  of  its  channel  in  several  places,  may  be 
added.  During  a  middle  and  high  stage  of  water,  these  ob- 
structions entirely  disappear,  and  an  accelerated  current  is 
the  only  difficulty  to  be  encountered.  The  average  velocity 
of  the  current  in  a  moderate  stage  of  water  may  be  estimated 
at  two  and  a  half  miles,  and  in  a  high  stage  at  three  miles 
per  hour.  The  season  in  which  the  navigation  of  the  Ohio 
can  be  relied  on,  commences  between  the  middle  of  Febru- 
ary and  first  of  March,  and  continues  to  the  latter  part  of 
June.  A  fall  freshet  usually  takes  place  in  October  or  No- 
vember, and  the  river  is  again  navigable  for  a  few  weeks. 
During  the  rest  of  the  year,  boats  of  inconsiderable  burden 
meet  with  numerous  obstructions  in  their  progress,  from  the 
lowness  of  the  water,  and  in  many  places,  no  channel  can  be 
Ceimd  of  sufficient  depth  to  admit  their  passage.  At  the  dis- 


Rocky  Mountains.  3,79 

tance  of  about  seventeen  miles  from  its  mouth,  is  the  first 
serious  obstruction  to  its  navigation,  consisting  of  a  limestone 
bar,  extending  across  the  river,  denominated  the  Big  Chain. 
Three  miles  above  is  another  bar  of  a  similar  description. 
The  range  of  rocks,  of  which  these  appear  to  be  a  portion, 
seems  to  extend  across  the  point  of  land  situated  between 
the  Ohio  and  Mississippi,  presenting  itself  again  on  the  lat- 
ter, at  the  Big  and  Little  Chains,  before  mentioned.  The 
falls  of  the  Ohio,  at  Louisville,  are  impassable  for  boats  of 
burthen,  except  in  the  higher  stages  of  the  water.  Le  Tart's 
Falls  and  numerous  other  rapids,  denominated  ripples,  are 
also  impassable  for  boats  of  any  considerable  burden,  when 
the  river  is  at  its  lowest  stage.  In  this  state  the  river  is  ford- 
able  in  numberless  places. 

X. — Of  the  Great  Valley  or  Basin  of  the  Mississippi. 

This  vast  region,  embracing  more  than  twenty  degrees  of 
latitude  and  about  thirty  of  longitude,  although  it  has  been 
explored  in  various  directions  by  men  of  intelligence,  is  yet 
but  imperfectly  known,  and  probably  no  country  in  the  world 
affords  a  more  ample  or  interesting  field  for  philosophic  in- 
vestigation. A  thorough  acquaintance  with  its  geological  cha- 
racter, would,  in  all  probability,  lead  to  the  most  important 
conclusions,  in  forming  a  correct  "  theory  of  the  earth," 
while  a  knowledge  of  its  vegetable  and  mineral  productions, 
may  be  conducive  to  the  comforts  and  enjoyments  of  a  large 
portion  of  the  human  family.  All  we  shall  presume  to  offer 
under  this  copious  head,  will  be  a  few  general  remarks  rela- 
tive to  the  position  and  conformation  of  the  valley,  grounded 
almost  exclusively  upon  the  hydrography  of  the  country,  so 
far  as  it  has  come  under  our  observations. 

The  valley  is  bounded  on  the  west  by  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, on  the  east  and  southeast  by  the  Alleghanies,  and  south 
by  the  gulf  of  Mexico.  To  the  northward  no  precise  limits 
can  be  assigned  as  its  boundary.  Although  many  have  sup- 
posed that  the  waters  of  the  Mississippi  are  separated  from 
those  running  northwestwardly  into  the  Pacific  Ocean,  and 
northeastwardly  into  the  Atlantic,  by  a  mountainous  range 
of  country,  yet  from  the  best  information  that  can  be  had  on 
the  subject,  the  fact  is  quite  otherwise.  The  old  and  alm(jst 
forgotten  statement  of  savage  origin,  viz,  that  "  four  of  the 
largest  rivers  on  the  continent,  have  their  sources  in  the  same 
plain,"  is  entitled  to  far  more  credit.  The  rivers  alluded  to 
are  the  Mississippi,  the  St.  Lawrence,  the  Saskashawin,  and 


380  Expedition  to  the 

the  Oregon  or  Columbia  river.  Agreeably  to  the  accounts  of 
Col.  Dixon,  and  others  who  have  traversed  the  country,  si- 
tuated between  the  Missouri  and  the  Assiniboin,  a  branch 
of  Red  river  of  Hudson's  Bay,  no  elevated  ridge  is  to  be  met 
with,  but,  on  the  contrary,  tributaries  to  both  these  streams 
take  their  rise  in  the  same  champaign,  and  wind  their  way 
in  various  directions  to  their  far  distant  estuaries.  Judging 
from  the  maps  that  have  been  given  of  the  country  near  the 
sources  of  the  Mississippi,  and  of  the  region  generally,  si- 
tuated northwardly  of  the  Great  Lakes,  as  also  from  the 
accounts  of  various  travellers,  who  have  peRetrated  many 
parts  of  those  countries,  the  same  remark  appears  equally 
applicable  to  a  large  portion  of  the  whole.  The  water  courses 
are  represented  as  chains  of  lakes  of  various  magnitude, 
while  lakes  and  stagnant  pools  are  scattered  in  almost  every 
direction,  without  ridges  or  perceptible  declivities,  to  show 
the  direction  in  which  they  are  drained.  But  we  forbear  to 
enlarge  on  this  subject,  and  beg  leave  that  reference  may  be 
had  to  Tanner's  map  of  North  America,  comprehending  the 
fegion  of  which  we  have  been  treating,  as  a  document  con- 
taining ample  illustrations  of  our  opinion.  Hence  it  will  be 
inferred  that  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi,  is  merely  a  por- 
tion of  an  immense  region  of  valley  or  flat  country,  extend- 
ing from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico  northeastwardly  to  the  Atlan- 
tic and  northwestwardly  to  the  Pacific  Ocean. 

Within  the  valley  or  region  drained  by  the  Mississippi, 
are  situated  no  less  than  three  distinct  ranges  of  mountain- 
ous country,  the  localities  of  which  we  will  attempt  to  point 
out.  The  first  and  most  considerable,  is  a  range  of  moun- 
tains, commencing  within  the  Spanish  province  of  Texas, 
and  stretching  in  a  northeastward  direction,  till  it  is  termi- 
nated by  the  high  lands  on  the  lower  part  of  the  Missouri 
river.  To  this  range  we  have-  given  the  name  of  the  Ozark 
mountains,  an  appellation  by  which  the  Arkansa  river  was 
formerly  distinguished,  as  also  the  tribe  of  Indians  since  de- 
nominated the  Quawpaws,  inhabiting  near  that  river.  Its 
direction  is  nearly  parallel  to  that  of  the  Alleghanies.  Its 
peaks  and  ridges  are  less  elevated,  than  those  of  the  latter,  and 
do  not  present  the  same  regularity  in  their  arrangement.  The 
second  is  denominated  the  Black  Hills,  commencing  on  the 
south,  or  Padouca  Fork  of  the  river  Platte,  at  the  distance 
of  about  one  hundred  miles  eastward  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, and  strttchirg  northeastwardly  towards  the  great 
northerly  bend  of  the  Missouri.  Of  this  range,  very  little  is 


Rocky  Mountains,    ,  381 

yet  known,  but  the  fact  that  there  is  such  a  range,  is  partially 
substantiated  by  the  concurrent  testimony  of  the  traders  and 
hunters  of  the  Missouri,  with  whom  it  is  a  noted  land-mark, 
and  is  more  fully  corroborated  by  the  hydrography  of  the 
country,  as  may  be  shown  by  the  map. 

The  third  is  a  range  of  hilly  and  broken  country,  commenc- 
ing on  the  Wisconsan,  near  the  Portage,  and  extending  north- 
wardly to  Lake  Superior.  To  this  range  we  have  taken  the 
liberty  to  give  the  name  of  the  Wisconsan  hills.  The  Ocooch 
and  Smoky  mountains  before  mentioned,  are  connected  with 
this  range.  In 'its  geological  characters,  and  more  especially 
in  its  metallic  productions,  so  far  as  our  inquiry  will  enable 
us  to  decide,  it  appears  nearly  allied  to  the  Ozark  moun- 
tains, and  circumstances  are  not  wanting  to  induce  the  opi- 
nion that  they  were  once  the  same  continuous  range.  Dr. 
James  is  decidedly  of  the  opinion,  that  the  metalliferous  re- 
gion of  the  Mississippi,  which  extends  from  Red  river,  to 
Lake  Superior,  in  the  direction  of  these  two  ranges,  strongly 
indicates  that  a  continuous  range,  as  just  hinted,  once  had 
an  existence. 

The  Mississippi  river  may  be  regarded  as  occupying  the 
lowest  part  of  the  valley,  from  its  great  estuary,  the  gulf  of 
Mexico,  to  its  confluence  with  the  Missouri  and  Illinois. 
Thence  to  Lake  Michigan,  the  immediate  valley  of  the  Illi- 
nois, is  to  be  viewed  as  the  lowest  part  of  the  great  valley 
under  consideration.  This  conclusion  necessarily  results  from 
an  attentive  consideration  of  the  characters  of  the  three  rivers 
just  mentioned.  If  the  inclinations  of  the  plains  down  which 
these  rivers  respectively  flow,  be  in  any  degree  proportionable 
to  the  velocities  of  their  currents,  the  plain  of  the  Illinois  will 
be  found  to  have  far  the  least  inclination,  inasmuch  as  the 
velocity  of  its  current  is  not  more  than  one-fourth  of  that  of 
either  of  the  others.  But  in  order  to  have  a  more  distinct 
view  of  the  matter,  let  us  assume  the  parallel  of  latitude  in- 
tersecting the  Illinois  at  its  head,  or  point  of  confluence  of 
the  Kankakee  and  Des  Plains  rivers,  and  suppose  a  vertical 
section  cut  in  the  direction  of  the  parallel.  Such  a  section 
would  intersect  the  Missouri  at  the  distance  of  nearly  seven 
hundred  miles  from  its  mouth,  the  Mississippi  at  about  two 
hundred  and  sixty,  and  the  Illinois  at  two  hundred  and  fifty 
from  the  same  point.  Hence  allowing  that  the  plains  of  each 
have  the  same  inclination,  the  point  of  intersection  on  the 
Missouri,  would  be  at  a  greater  elevation  than  that  on  the 
Mississippi,  and  that  on  the  Illinois  would  be  less  elevated 


sag  Expedition  to  the 

than  either.  But  the  difFerence  of  inclination  in  these  plains, 
is  manifest,  not  only  from  the  comparative  velocities  of  the 
several  streams  alluded  to,  but  from  the  circumstance,  that  the 
Illinois  is  destitute  of  any  considerable  rapids  throughout  its 
whole  course,  whereas  the  Mississippi,  in  addition  to  a  cur- 
rent uniformly  more  rapid,  is  hurried  down  the  De  IVIoyen 
rapids,  eleven  miles  in  length,  and  the  Missouri,  without  a 
perversion  of  terms,  may  be  denominated  a  rapid,  throughout 
the  distance  above  specified.  By  a  similar  course  of  reason- 
ing, it  may  also  be  made  to  appear,  that  the  assumed  point 
of  intersection  on  the  Illinois  is  less  elevated  than  any  other 
point,  in  the  same  parallel  of  latitude  between  that  river  and 
Lake  Erie,  and  even  that  it  is  somewhat  lower  than  the  sur- 
face of  the  lake  itself,  for  the  aggregate  descent  from  the 
surface  of  Lake  Michigan,  to  the  point  under  consideration, 
is  evidently  greater  than  from  the  surface  of  the  same  lake, 
to  that  of  Lake  Erie,  or  in  other  words,  the  descent  of  the 
Des  Plains  from  Chicago  to  its  confluence  with  the  Kanka- 
kee, is  greater  by  a  few  feet,  than  that  of  the  stream  uniting 
Lakes  Huron  and  Erie. 

This  view  of  the  subject  affords  us  a  clue*  whereby  to  as- 
certain, with  some  degree  of  precision,  the  aggregate  fall  of 
water,  from  the  head  of  the  Illinois  to  the  Gulf  of  Mexico. 
Agreeably  to  the  surveys  of  the  great  canal  of  New  York, 
the  elevation  of  Lake  Erie,  above  tide  water,  is  found 
to  be  five  hundred  and  sixty-four  feet.  Hence  we  may  as- 
sume, in  round  numbers,  four  hundred  and  fifty  feet  as  the 
altitude  of  the  head  of  the  Illinois  above  the  ocean. 

Of  the  conformation  of  the  valley  in  other  respects,  no 
other  ideas  can  be  advanced,  but  such  as  are  suggested  by  a 
general  view  of  the  topography  of  the  country,  and  especi- 
ally of  the  courses  of  the  principal  rivers,  as  exhibited  in  the 
map  of  the  country  droned  by  the  Mississippi.  We  will  only 
add,  that  the  inclined  plain,  constituting  the  western  side  of 
the  valley,  or  in  other  words,  the  great  slope,  down  which 
the  Red,  Canadian,  Arkansa,  Konzas,  Platte,  and  other  large 
rivers  have  their  courses,  has  probably  a  greater  general  in- 
clination, than  any  other  side  of  the  valley.  In  forming  an 
estimate  of  the  aggregate  descent  of  this  slope,  commencing 
at  tide  water  and  extending  to  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, Pike  allows  eight  thousand  feet,  which  probably  ex- 
ceeds the  truth  more  than  one  half.  We  would  substitute 
three  thousand  feet  as  the  aggregate  elevation  of  the  base  of 
the  mountains  above  the  Ocean,  and  are  of  the  opinion  that 


Rocky  Mountains,  383 

this  amount  rather  exceeds  the  truth. — This  altitude,  added 
to  that  of  James'  Peak  as  before  stated,  would  give  for  the 
height  of  that  peak  above  the  Ocean,  eleven  thousand  five 
hundred  feet.  Comparing  this  altitude  with  that  of  the  "  in- 
ferior limit  of  perpetual  snow,"  as  estimated  by  M.  D.  Hum- 
boldt, for  the  latitude  of  forty  degrees,  viz.  nine  thousand 
eight  hundred  and  forty-six  feet  above  the  Ocean,  we  find 
the  summit  of  the  peak  one  thousand  six  hundred  and  fifty- 
four  feet  higher  than  that  elevation,  and  judging  from  ap- 
pearances, this  difference  of  altitude  seemed  sufficiently  well 
marked  by  the  distance,  to  which  the  snow  extended,  from 
the  summit  downward  upon  the  sides  of  the  Peak,  to  authen-. 
ticate  in  a  good  degree,  the  calculation  above  stated. 


CHAPTER  XIX. 

Observations  on  the  geology  of  the  country  traversed  by  the 
Expedition, 

The  most  prominent  feature  of  the  continent  of  North 
America,  is  the  great  chain  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  evi- 
dently a  continuation  of  the  Andes  of  the  southern  hemis- 
phere, stretching  parallel  to  the  direction  of  the  western 
coast,  from  the  Isthmus  of  Panama  to  the  Frozen  Ocean.* 
Their  summits,  rising  far  above  the  limit  of  perpetual  frost, 
look  down  upon  the  wide  plains  of  the  Mississippi  and  its 
tributaries,  unvaried  except  by  a  low  range  of  rocky  hills, 
commencing  near  the  confluence  of  the  Missouri  and  Mis- 
sissippi, and  running  southwest  to  the  Rio  Del  Norte.  East- 
ward of  these,  the  surface  again  subsides  to  a  plain,  stretch- 
ing to  the  foot  of  the  great  chain  of  the  AUeghanies.  This 
last  range,  far  less  elevated  and  alpine  than  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  traverses  the  continent  in  a  direction  parallel  to 
the  Atlantic  coast,  from  the  gulf  of  St.  Lawrence  on  the 
northeast,  to  the  confluence  of  the  Alabama  and  Tombigbee 
rivers,  in  the  southwest. 

The  AUeghanies,  unlike  the  Rocky  Mountains,  have  few 
prominent  summits;  instead  of  conic  peaks  and  a  sharply  ser- 
rated outline,  they  present  long  and  level  ridges,  rising  in  no 
point  to  the  inferior  limit  of  perpetual  frost,  and  in  few  in- 
stances attaining  that  degree  of  elevation  which  is  incompati- 
ble with  the  growth  of  forests. 

In  many  particulars,  a  manifest  resemblance  is  perceived 
between  the  AUeghanies,  and  the  comparatively  inconsidera- 
ble group,  which  we  have  denominated  the  Ozark  mountains. 
They  are  parallel  in  direction,  making  an  angle  of  about  forty 
degrees  with  the  great  range  of  the  Andes.  In  many  parts 
of  both  ranges,  rocks  of  recent  formation  occupy  the  loftiest 
summits,  and  are  based  on  more  ancient  aggregates.  It  is 
well  known,  that  from  the  gneiss  at  Philadelphia,  there  is  a 
gradual  ascent  across  strata  more  and  more  recent,  to  the 

*  Mackenzis.  «•  The  Stony  Mountains,  in  lat.  68°  46,  Ion.  ISS"  from 
London  ares"  says  Hearne,  "  of  a  craggy  and  tremeDdous  aspect." 


Expedition^  Cifc.  385 

rocks  of  the  coal  formation  about  the  summit  of  the  Alle- 
ghany. Whether  this  conformation  prevails  in  every  part  of 
the  range,  our  examinations  have  not  enabled  us  to  decide. 
We  know  that  some  ot  the  granitic  mountains  of  New  Eng- 
land, are  far  surpassed  in  elevation  by  the  neighbouring  hills 
and  ridges  of  mica  slate,  talcose  rocks,  or  even  more  recent 
aggregates. 

In  the  Ozark  mountains,  as  far  as  they  have  been  hitherto 
explored,  the  granites  and  older  primitive  rocks  are  found  at 
the  lowest  parts,  being  surmounted  by  those  of  more  re- 
cent formation,  the  newer  horizontal  sandstones  and  strata 
of  carboniferous  limestone,  forming  the  highest  summits- 
The  reverse  of  this  is  observed  in  the  Rocky  Mountains 
—the  granite  there,  far  surpassing  all  other  rocks,  both  in 
extent  and  elevation,  and  forming  the  central  and  higher 
portions  of  all  the  ridges;  that  range  has  therefore  a  character 
very  different  from  the  Ozark  or  Alleghany  mountains. 

It  has  been  suggested  by  Major  Long,  that  the  hydrogra- 
phy of  the  upper  portion  of  the  Missouri  seems  to  indicate 
the  existence  of  a  mountain  range  approaching  that  river  from 
the  southwest,  near  the  great  northerly  bend  in  the  country 
of  the  Mandans.  From  Lewis  and  Clark  we  have  also  some 
accounts,  tending  to  the  confirmation  of  this  opinion.  Fur- 
ther examination  may  perhaps  prove  that  this  third  range, 
called  the  Black  Hills,  resembles,  in  direction  and  general 
character,  the  Alleghany  and  Ozark  mountains.  The  Rocky 
Mountains  have  not  inaptly  been  called  the  back  bone  of  the 
continent;  these  three  lateral  ranges  going  off  at  angles  of 
about  forty  degrees,  may  with  equal  propriety  be  compared 
to  tile  ribs. 

In  latitude  38°  north,  the  eastern  base  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains is  in  about  106°  west  longitude.  Following  the  same 
parallel  of  latitude  eastward,  you  arrive  at  the  base  of  the 
Ozark  mountains,  nearly  in  longitude  94";  the  intervening 
space  occupying  an  extent  of  near  twelve  degrees  of  longi- 
tude, is  a  sterile  and  desolate  plain,  destitute  of  timber;  scorch- 
ed in  summer  by  the  reverberation  of  the  rays  of  the  sun, — 
chilled  in  winter  by  the  freezing  west  winds  from  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  Though  we  have  assumed  twelve  degrees  of 
longitude  as  the  medium  width  of  this  great  plain,  it  is  to  be 
remarked  that,  to  many  parts  of  it,  our  examinations  have 
not  been  extended.  In  latitude  41°  no  mountains,  and 
scarce  an  elevation  deserving  the  name  of  a  hill,  occurs  be- 
tween the   western  spurs  of  the  Alleghanies  and  the  Rocky 

VOL.  IT.  4^> 


386  Expeditioii  to  the 

Mountains.  But,  at  no  great  distance  north  of  tlits  parallel, 
low  ranges  of  hills  begin  to  appear  in  the  region  southwest 
of  lake  Michigan,  and  though  too  inconsiderable  in  point  of 
elevation  to  deserve  particular  notice,  they  exhibit  peculiar 
characters,  which  seem  to  designate  an  intimate  connexion 
with  the  Ozark  mountains  south  of  the  Missouri.  The  same 
succession  of  strata,  the  same  alternation  of  crystalline  beds 
with  those  of  mechanical  deposition,  and  similar  depositcs 
of  metallic  ores  are  observed  here,  as  in  the  regions  about 
the  Merameg  and  St.  Francis.  A  marked  difference  is  also, 
as  we  think,  to  be  discovered  between  the  rocks  and  soils  on 
the  different  sides  of  this  range.  Of  this  we  shall  speak  more 
particularly  in  another  place.  For  our  present  purpose,  it  is 
sufficient  to  assume  as  a  boundary  of  the  region  we  propose 
first  to  consider — a  line  running  from  the  confluence  of  the 
Arkansa  and  Canadian  rivers  on  the  southwest,  to  the  junc- 
tion of  the  Mississippi  and  Wisconsan  on  the  northeast.  As- 
suming this  as  the  direction  of  the  range  of  the  Ozark  moun- 
tains, it  will  be  perceived  by  examining  the  map,  that  to  the 
northwest  of  this  line  spreads  an  extensive  plain,  reaching  to 
the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  This  plain  has  been  cross- 
ed in  three  different  places  by  the  exploring  party,  as  already 
detailed.  Once  in  ascending  by  the  river  Platte,  between 
latitude  40°  and  41''  30' — again,  in  descending  the  Arkansa 
in  38°;  and  thirdly,  by  the  route  of  the  Canadian,  in  34°. 
To  the  information  collected  in  these  journies,  we  have  add- 
ed a  little  from  other  sources,  but  the  greater  part  of  this 
extensive  region  yet  remains  to  be  explored. 

Sect.  I. — Secondary  formations  connected  with  the 
Rocky  Mountains. 

I. — Of  the  great  American  Desert. 

The  portion  of  country  which  we  design  to  consider  under 
this  division,  has  an  average  width  of  between  five  and  six 
hundred  miles,  extending  along  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains from  north  to  south,  as  far  as  we  have  any  acquaintance 
with  that  range.  Consisting  entirely  of  granitic  sands,  or  of 
secondary  aggregates,  into  which  the  detritus  of  that  chain 
of  primitive  mountains  enters  in  large  proportion — there 
would  be  propriety  in  designating  it  by  some  name  recogni- 
■zing  its  relation  to  those  mountains.  It  has  been  mentioned 
as  the  "  Mexican  Desert,"*  a  name  sufficiently  applicable  to 
spme  portions  of  it,  but  one  by  no  means  to  be  extended  to 

"  Nuttall's  Travels,  p.  120. 


Rocky  Mountains.  887 

every  part  alike,  as  it  undoubtedly  occupies  a  very  conside- 
rable portion  of  the  interior  of  North  America.  That  a  si- 
milar desert  region  exists  on  the  western  side  of  the  moun- 
tains, we  have  sufficient  evidence;  but  whether  as  uninter- 
rupted and  as  extensive,  we  have  not  the  means  of  deter- 
mining. The  Jesuit  Venegas,  speaking  of  the  early  history 
of  California,  says,  "  Father  Kino  and  his  companions, 
after  travelling  thirty  leagues  from  San  Marcelo,  came  to  a 
small  rancheria,  [Indian  village,]  and  leaving  on  the  north  the 
great  mountain  of  Santa  Clara,  whose  sides  for  the  length  of 
a  league  are  covered  with  pumice  stone,  they  arrived  at  the 
sandy  -waste  on  the  l9th  of  March."*  Our  information  is 
yet  too  limited  to  justify  an  attempt  to  fix  the  boundaries  of 
this  desert — we  therefore  confine  ourselves  to  the  observa- 
tions our  opportunities  have  enabled  us  to  make. 

The  channel  of  the  Missouri  near  the  mouth  of  the  Platte, 
discloses,  here  and  there  rocks  of  horizontal  limestone,  which, 
from  their  peculiar  character  we  are  disposed  to  consider  as 
belonging  rather  to  the  Ozarks,  than  having  any  direct  con- 
nexion with  the  Rocky  Mountains.  These  rocks  appear  at 
the  lowest  parts  of  the  vallies.  and  are  usually  surmounted 
by  extensive  beds  of  soil,  consisting  principally  of  sand,  in 
the  most  minute  state  of  division,  but  intermixed  with  re- 
mains of  organized  beings,  and  sometimes  with  calcareous 
and  aluminous  earth.  Proceeding  westward,  the  sand  be- 
comes deeper  and  more  unmixed;  not  a  rock  or  a  stone  in 
place,  or  out  of  place,  is  to  be  met  with,  for  some  hundreds 
of  miles.  It  is  believed  no  rocky  bluffs  appear  along  the  val- 
ley of  the  Platte,  within  three  hundred  miles  of  its  mouth, 
though  a  small  part  of  this  distance  on  the  lower  portion  of 
the  river  has  not  been  explored.  The  surface  of  this  sandy 
waste  is  not  an  absolute  plain,  but  varied  with  gentle  un- 
dulations, such  as  the  draining  of  water  for  a  succession  of 
centuries,  from  an  immense  table  of  light  arenaceous  earth, 
may  be  supposed  to  have  occasioned.  The  gradual  in- 
termixture of  the  exuviae  of  animals  and  vegetables,  with 
what  was  formerly  a  pure  silicious  sand,  has  at  length  pro- 
duced a  soil  capable  of  supporting  a  scanty  growth  of  grass- 
es, now  almost  the  only. covering  of  these  desolate  regions. 

About  four  hundred  miles  west  of  the  mouth  of  the  Platte, 
a  low  range  of  sandstone  hills  crosses  the  country  from  south- 
west to  northeast.     The  strata  forming  these  hills  have  ne 

*  Venegas'  History  of  California,  vol.  i,  p.  305,  Lond.  1759, 


S99  Expedition  to  the 

perceptible  inclination,  and  present  appearances,  which  indi- 
cate their  deposition  to  have  been  nearly  contemporaneous 
to  that  of  many  of  our  coal  formations.  It  has  already  been 
suggested,  that  this  range  may  probably  be  a  continuation  of 
the  Cotes  Noire^  or  Black  Hills,  said  to  contain  the  sources  of 
the  Shienne,  the  Little  Missouri,  and  some  branches  of  the 
Yellow  Stone.* 

Beyond  these  inconsiderable  hills,  the  surface  again  sub- 
sides nearly  to  a  plain.  The  fine  and  comparatively  fertile 
sand  which  prevailed  to  the  east  of  the  range,  is  exchanged 
for  a  gravel,  consisting  of  rounded  granitic  fragments,  vary- 
ing in  dimensions  from  the  size  of  a  six  pound  shot  to  the  fi- 
nest sand.  This  great  mass  of  granitic  fragments,  evidently 
brought  down  by  the  agency  of  water  from  the  sides  and 
summits  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  slopes  gradually  from 
their  base,  appearing  as  far  as  our  examinations  have  ex- 
tended, in  some  measure  to  correspond  in  magnitude  to  the 
elevation  and  extent  of  that  part  of  the  mountains  opposite 
which  it  is  placed.  The  minute  particles  derived  principally 
from  the  quartzy  portions  of  the  primitive  aggr-egates,  being 
least  liable  to  decomposition,  have  been  carried  to  the  great- 
est distance,  and  now  form  the  soil  of  the  eastern  margin  of 
the  great  sandy  desert.  The  central  portions  are  of  a  coarser 
sand,  intermixed  with  some  particles  of  feldspar  and  mica, 
and  minute  fragments  of  hornblend.  Nearer  the  mountains, 
pebbles  and  boulders  become  frequent,  and  at  length  almost 
cover  the  surface  of  the  country. 

That  the  great  Sandy  Desert  has  resulted  from  the  wear- 
ing down  of  the  mountains,  both  before  and  since  the  retiring 
of  the  ocean,  will  not  be  thought  improbable,  if  we  consider 
that  the  materials  composing  both  regions  are  similar  in  kind, 
—that  the  granitic  soils  of  the  plain  are  precisely  such  as 
would  result  from  the  disintegration  of  the  rocks  now  exist- 
ing in  the  mountains,  and  that  the  numerous  deep  ravines 
and  water- worn  vallies,  traversing  the  mountains  in  various 
directions,  indicate  such  a  change  as  is  here  supposed  to 
have  happened. 

It  is  probable  many  parts  of  this  extensive  desert  may  dif- 
fer from  that  traversed  by  the  Platte,  in  having  the  surface 
more  or  less  covered  with  horizontal  strata  of  sandstone, 
and  conglomerate  instead  of  loose  sand  and  pebbles.  Many 
appearances  indicate  that  a  formation  of  this  kind  formerly 

*  Lewis  and  Clark's  History,  vol.  i,  p.  183. 


kocky  3fauntains.  38S 

extended  down  the  Platte,  much  farther  than  at  present. 
Here,  as  in  the  great  plain  which  extends  from  the  base  of 
the  Uralian  mountains  to  Petersburgh,  we  meet  with  nu- 
merous elevations  or  platforms,  like  islands  in  the  midst  of 
an  ocean.*  The  summits  of  these  outlying-  hills,  are  crossed 
at  equal  altitudes  by  corresponding  strata  of  sandstone,  and 
conglomerate. 

From  the  minute  account  given  in  the  narrative  of  the 
Expedition,  of  the  particular  features  of  this  region,  it  will 
be  perceived  to  bear  a  manifest  resemblance  to  the  deserts  of 
Siberia.  The  soil  and  rocks  are  saline;  plants  allied  to  che- 
nopodium  and  salsula  are  peculiarly  abundant,  as  are  the  as- 
tragali and  others  of  the  legumina,  while  trees  and  forests 
are  almost  unknown. 

The  surface  of  the  sandy  plain  rises  perceptibly  towards 
the  base  of  the  mountains,  and  becoming  constantly  more  and 
more  undulating,  is  at  length  broken,  disclosing  some  cliffs 
and  ledges  of  micaceous  sandstone.  Near  the  Platte,  this 
sandstone  occurs  in  horizontal  strata,  sometimes  cut  through 
by  the  beds  of  the  streams,  and  forming  low  ridges  parallel 
to  the  Rocky  Mountains.  Whether  they  continue  in  an  un- 
interrupted line  along  the  base  of  the  mountains,  we  have  not 
been  able  to  ascertain.  They  are  separated  from  the  first 
range  of  primitive,  by  more  elevated  cliffs  of  a  similar  sand- 
stone, having  its  strata  in  a  highly  inclined  position.  Behind 
these,  occur  lofty  but  interrupted  ranges  of  naked  rocks, 
destitute  of  any  covering  of  earthy  or  vegetable  matter,  and 
standing  nearly  perpendicular.  At  a  distant  view  they  pre- 
sent to  the  eye  the  forms  of  walls,  towers,  pyramids  and  co- 
lumns, seeming  rather  the  effects  of  the  most  laborious  ef- 
forts of  art,  than  the  productions  of  nature.  When  surveyed 
from  the  more  elevated  summits  of  the  first  granitic  range, 
these  immense  tables  of  sandstone,  standing  on  edge  some- 
times almost  perpendicularly,  and  sometimes  inclining  at 
various  angles  towards  the  primitive,  resemble  the  plates  of 
ice  often  seen  thrown  into  a  vertical  position  in  the  eddies, 
and  along  the  banks  of  rivers. 

Climbing  to  the  summits  of  such  of  these  hills  as  are  ac- 
cessible, and  crossing  their  stratifications  towards  the  primi- 
tive, we  observe  appearances  similar  to  those  found  in  the 
vallies,  when  circumstances  enable  us  to  push  our  inquiries 
to  a  corresponding  extent  below  the  surface.  Having  crossed 

*  Peonant's  Arc.  Zool.  vol,  i,  p.  158. 


390  Expedition  to  the 

the  up-turned  margin  of  the  whole  secondary  Formation,* 
which  occupies  the  plain,  and  arriving  at  the  primitive,  we 
find  these  highly  inclined  strata  of  sandstone,  reposing  im- 
mediately against  the  granite.  We  search  in  vain  for  any 
traces  of  those  rocks  distinguished  by  the  Wernerians  as 
rocks  of  the  transition  period.  We  also  observe  an  entire 
deficiency  of  all  those  primitive  strata  which  the  doctrine  of 
universal  formations  may  have  taught  us  to  look  for  in  ap- 
proaching the  granite. 

The  sandstone   along   the  base  of  the  mountains,  though 

*  The  word  formation  appears  to  have  been  ordinarily  used  to  sig'nify  a 
series  of  rocks,  formed  at  the  same  time,  and  in  the  saiiie  manner;  it  is 
therefore  theoretical,  and  implies  a  falsehood.  Notwithstanding'  these  ob- 
jections, it  is  not  easy  to  dispense  with  its  use.  Similar  complaints  might 
be  made  against  stratum,  bed,  vein,  and  numerous  other  words,  so  closely 
incorporated  with  the  language  of  geology,  that  the  use  of  them  cannot  be 
avoided.  In  an  attempt  to  describe  <he  mineral  features  of  any  country, 
some  difficulty  arises  from  the  unsettled  and  progressive  condition  of  the 
science  of  geology.  A  nomenclature  constructed  upon  principles  applica- 
ble to  other  branches  of  Natural  History,  has  been  extended  to  this.  At- 
tempts have  been  made  to  define  classes,  orders,  genera  and  S/jecies,  of 
rocks,  while  it  must  be  acknowledged,  that  the  inventors  of  systems  have 
hitherto  failed  to  point  out  such  infallible  distinctions  as  exist  in  the  ani- 
mal and  vegetable  kingdoms.  Among  minerals,  from  one  extreme  of  the 
series  to  the  other,  there  is  a  constant  transition  of  approximating  aggre- 
gates into  each  other.  The  particles  of  inorganic  matter,  exempt  from 
the  influence  of  those  peculiar  laws  which  regulate  the  forms  and  charac- 
ters of  living  beings,  and  moving  in  obedience  only  to  the  impulses  of  at- 
traction and  affinity,  arrange  themselves  together,  not  always  in  an  inva- 
riable order,  and  after  a  permanent  and  unalterable  type,  but  are  variously 
intermixed  and  confounded,  as  circumstances  may  have  variously  influ- 
enced their  aggregation.  Definitions  hav3  been  invented,  strictly  ap- 
plicable to  particular  portions  of  matter,  which  may  occur  under  similar 
circumstances,  in  remote  quarters  of  the  globe.  Fragments  of  granite 
may  be  found  in  the  Rocky  Mountains  of  America,  which  could  not  be 
distinguished  from  the  granite  of  Egypt,  such  as  is  seen  in  our  collections. 
But  when  we  approach  the  imaginary  limits  of  the  artificial  divisions  erected 
by  the  architects  of  systems,  we  perceive  the  fallacy  of  their  distinctions, 
and  definitions.  It  must  be  evident  to  any  person  familiar  with  the  exa- 
mination of  the  rocky  materials  composing  the  earth's  surface,  that  be- 
tween any  two  of  the  contiguous  artificial  divisions,  nature  has  placed  no 
definite  and  discoverable  boundary.  Granite  must  consist  essentially  of 
feldspar,  quartz,  and  mica;  so  must  gneiss  and  mica  slate,  and  between 
the  two  former  it  is  often  difficult  to  point  out  the  line  which  shall  be  con- 
sidered as  marking  the  termination  of  the  one,  and  the  commencement  of 
the  other.  It  will,  we  think,  be  acknowledged  that  not  one  of  the  names 
applied  to  rocks  as  constituting  extensive  strata,  conveys  of  itself  a  definite 
and  satisfactory  idea.  Hence  the  necessity  in  attempting  to  give  a  de- 
tailed account  of  the  rocks  of  any  particular  district,  to  define  the  names 
in  almost  every  instance  of  their  applicatioo. 


Rocky  Mountains.  391 

apparently  not  very  recent,  contains  remains  of  marine  ani- 
mals and  plants,  and  embraces  some  extensive  beds  of  pud- 
ding stone.  It  may  be  remarked,  that  the  sand  and  gravel 
composing  these  aggregates,  have  the  same  close  resemblance 
to  the  materials  of  the  granitic  mountains,  as  we  have  alrea- 
dy observed  in  the  uncemented  materials  of  the  plain.  In- 
deed, it  does  not  seem  easy  to  determine  whether  the  sands, 
gravel  stones,  and  pebbles,  now  loosely  strewed  over  the  ex- 
tensive plains  of  the  Platte  and  Arkansa,  have  been  brought 
down  immediatel)  from  the  granitic  mountains,  whence  they 
were  originally  derived,  or  have  resulted  from  the  disinte- 
gration of  the  stratified  sandstones,  and  conglomerates  de- 
posited during  a  long  series  of  ages,  while  the  waters  of  the 
ocean  rested  upon  the  great  plain,  and  washed  the  base  of 
the  Rocky  Mountains.  The  wide  and  equal  distribution  of 
these  sands;  in  other  words,  the  very  gradual  slope  of  the 
debris  of  the  mountains,  would  seem  to  countenance  the  lat- 
ter supposition. 

The  position  of  the  strata  of  sandstone,  varies  in  the  dis- 
tance of  a  few  miles,  from  nearly  horizontal  to  an  inclination 
of  more  than  sixty  degrees,  and  that  without  any  very  mani- 
fest change  of  character,  or  the  interposition  of  any  other 
stratum. 

The  laminae  most  distant  from  the  primitive,  occupying 
the  eastern  sides  of  the  first  ridges,  though  lowest  in  ac- 
tual position,  may  with  propriety  be  considered  uppermost, 
as  resting  on  those  beyond.  At  the  level  of  the  surface  of 
the  great  plain,  they  sink  beneath  the  diluvial  deposites,*  and 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  river  Platte,  are  no  more  seen. 
The   uppermost  are  of  a  yellowish  gray  colour,  moderately 

*  To  the  general  covering  of  water-worn  debris,  derived  from  all  the 
strata,  and  now  extending  over  a  great  part  of  the  earth's  surface,  the 
name  Diluvium  has  been  given,  in  allusion  to  that  great  and  universal  ca- 
tastrophe to  which  its  deposition  has  been  supposed  assignable.  By  this 
name,  it  is  intended  to  distinguish  it  from  the  partial  debris  occasioned  by 
causes  still  in  operation,  such  as  the  slight  wear  produced  by  the  present 
rivers,  the  more  violent  action  of  torrents,  <Scc.  To  the  latter  the  name 
Alluvium  has  been  appropriated,  but  many  authors  who  perhaps  do  not 
confound  the  two  classes  of  phenomena,  have  ambiguously  applied  the 
word  alluvial  to  both.  In  the  earlier  parts  of  this  work,  we  have  some- 
times distinguished  the  diluvial  formations  as  primary  soils,  which,  as  hav- 
ing less  of  implicit  allusion  to  a  fallacious  theory,  may  perhaps  be  thought 
equally  applicable.  But,  with  the  hope  of  being  more  easily  understood, 
we  prefer  to  adopt  such  words  as  have  been  used  by  good  authorities.  For 
further  information  concerning  the  use  of  the  above  words,  see  Conybeare 
and  Phillips'  Geology  of  England  and  Wales,  Part  I.  p.  28. 


392  Expedition  to  the 

fine,  compact  and  hard,  constantly  varying  at  different  points, 
in  colour  as  well  as  most  other  characters.  The  light  co- 
loured varieties  often  contain  small  round  masses,  about 
the  size  of  a  musket  ball,  which  are  more  friable  than  the 
rock  itself,  from  which  they  are  easily  detached,  leaving  ca- 
vities corresponding  to  their  own  shape  and  dimensions. 
They  are  commonly  of  a  dark  brown  colour,  and  of  a  coar- 
ser sand  than  that  which  constitutes  the  rock  itself.  They 
may  perhaps  be  instances  oi  globular  structure^  analogous  to 
what  is  sometimes  observed  in  trap  rocks.  Where  these  are 
found,  we  could  never  discover  any  of  those  remains  of 
shell-fish,  so  distinctly  seen  in  many  of  the  secondary  rocks. 

Passing  downwards,  or  in  other  words  proceeding  towards 
the  primitive;  across  the  edge  of  the  secondary,  the  sandstone 
becomes  more  coarse  and  friable,  its  colour  inclining  more  to 
sevttral  shades  of  brown  and  red.  This  variety  presents 
small  nodules  of  iron  ore,  but  does  not  appear  to  contain 
remains  or  impressions  of  organized  beings.  It  is  also  less 
distinctly  stratified  than  that  just  mentioned,  and  often  be- 
comes exceeding  coarse,  with  angular  fragments  intermixed, 
bemg  in  no  respect  different  from  the  rock  denominated 
breccia,  and  formerly  by  some  geologists  considered  a  dis- 
tinct stratum. 

This  tract  of  sandstone  which  skirts  the  eastern  boundary 
of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  constitutes  a  part  of  that  im- 
mense secondary  formation  which  occupies  the  valley  of  the 
Mississippi,  abounds  in  scenery  of  a  grand  and  interesting 
character.  The  angle  of  inclination  of  the  strata  often  ap- 
proaches 90°,  and  is  very  rarely  less  than  45°.  That  side  of 
the  ridges  next  the  primitive,  appears  as  if  broken  off  from 
a  part  of  the  stratum  beyond,  towering  in  abrupt  and 
perpendicular  precipices,  sometimes  even  overhanging 
and  sheltering  a  considerable  extent  of  surface.  The  face 
of  the  stratum  is  usually  smooth  and  hard,  and  both  sides 
are  alike  destitute  of  soil  and  verdure.  Elevations  of  this 
description  are  met  with,  varying  from  twenty  to  several 
thousand  feet  in  thickness.  Neither  are  they  by  any  means 
uniform  in  height.  Some  of  them  rise  probably  three  or  four 
hundred  feet,  and  considering  their  singular  character,  would 
appear  high,  were  they  not  subjected  to  an  immediate  and 
disadvantageous  comparison  with  the  stupendous  Andes,  at 
whose  feet  they  are  placed.  Their  summits,  in  some  instan- 
ces, are  regular  and  horizontal,  and  are  crowned  with  a 
scanty  growth  of  cedar  and  pine.     Where  the  cement  and 


JRocky  Mountains.  393 

most  of  the  materials  of  the  sandstone  are  siliciou9,  the  rock 
evinces  a  tendency  to  break  into  fragments  of  a  rhombic 
form,  and  in  this  case  the  elevated^edge  presents  an  irregu- 
larly notched  or  serrated  surface. 

Sandstones  consisting  of  silcx,  with  little  intermixture  of 
foreign  ingredients,  are  usually  durable.  But  in  the  region 
of  which  we  speak,  the  variations  in  the  composition,  cement, 
and  character  of  the  sandstone,  are  innumerable.  Clay  and 
oxide  of  iron  entering  into  its  composition,  in  certain  propor- 
tions, seem  to  render  it  unfit  to  withstand  the  attacks  of  those 
atmospheric  agents,  whose  effect  is  to  hasten  dissolution  and 
decay.  Highly  elevated  rocks  of  this  description,  may  well 
be  supposed  in  a  state  of  rapid  and  perceptible  change.  The 
sharp  angles  and  asperities  of  surface  which  they  may  have 
originally  presented,  are  soon  worn  away;  the  matter,  con- 
stantly removed  by  the  agency  of  water  from  their  sides  and 
summits,  is  deposited  at  their  feet;  their  height  gradually 
diminishes,  and  even  the  inclination  of  their  strata  becomes 
at  length  obscure  or  wholly  undiscoverable.  This  appears  to 
have  been  a  part  of  the  process,  by  which  numerous  conic 
hills  and  mounds  have  been  interspersed  among  the  highly 
inclined  naked  rocks  of  this  sandstone  tract.  These  hills, 
often  clothed  with  verdure  to  their  summits,  add  greatly  to 
the  beauty  of  the  surrounding  scenery — while  about  the  tops 
of  the  more  rugged  and  precipitous  eminences,  the  deep 
green  of  the  small  and  almost  procumbent  cedars  and  juni- 
pers, with  the  less  intense  colours  of  various  species  of  de- 
ciduous foliage,  acquire  new  beauty  from  being  placed  as  a 
margin  to  the  glowing  red  and  yellow  seen  on  the  surfaces  of 
the  rocks. 

II. —  Sandstones  of  the  Rocky  ^fountains. 

Having  commenced  our  account  of  the  Rocky  Mountains 
with  the  consideration  of  that  vast  accumulation  of  rounded 
fragments,  constituting  the  great  desert,  which  may  be  reck- 
oned the  most  recent  formation,  depending  upon  that  range 
of  mountains,  we  proceed  to  speak  of  the  sandstones,  the  next 
member  in  the  inverted  order  we  have  adopted.  And  here 
we  take  occasion  to  remark  the  peculiar  grandeur  and  sim- 
plicity of  features,  which  distinguish  the  mineral  geography 
of  this  part  of  our  continent.  We  have  here  a  stupendous 
chain  of  granitic  mountains  many  hundred  miles  in  extent, 
with  no  stratified  rocks  resting  about  their  sides  except  a  few 
sandstones  almost  equally  granitic.  We  discover  few  traces 

VOL,  II.  50 


394  Expedition  to  the 

of  that  magnificent  profusion  of  animal  and  vegetable  life 
which  in  other  parts  of  the  globe  has  reared  mountains  of 
limestone,  clay  slate,  and  those  other  aggregates  which  con- 
sist in  a  great  measure  of  th^  exuviae  of  living  beings.  We 
shall  not  here  be  understood,  to  contradict  an  assertion  be- 
fore made,  that  the  sandstones  along  the  base  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  contain  organic  remains,  and  bear  abundant  evi- 
dence of  having  been,  at  a  comparatively  recent  period,  de- 
posited gradually  from  the  waters  of  the  ocean. 

The  particular  which  we  wish  to  remark,  as  distinguish- 
ing these  mountains  most  strikingly  from  the  AUeghanies, 
and  many  other  ranges,  is  the  entire  want  of  the  aggregates 
referred  by  the  Wernerians  to  the  transition  period;  as  well 
as  nearly  all  the  stratified  primitive  rocks,  and  the  more  re- 
cent calcareous  formations.* 

This  great  range  as  far  as  hitherto  known  to  us  lies  near- 
ly from  north  to  south.  Considered  topographically,  the 
sandstone  formation  belongs  both  to  the  mountains  and  the 
plains;  sloping  down  from  the  sides  of  the  granite,  and  dis- 
appearing under  the  sands  of  the  Great  Desert.  The  western 
boundary  of  this  formation  of  sandstone,  appears  to  be  de- 
fined, and  corresponds  to  the  side  of  the  easternmost  granitic 
ranges.  From  the  Platte  toward  the  south,  it  increases  in 
width,  and  on  the  Canadian  it  extends  more  than  half  the 
distance,  from  the  sources  of  that  river  to  its  confluence  with 
the  Arkansa.  This  sandstone  formation  we  consider  as  con- 
sisting essentially  of  two  varieties. 

1st.  Red  Sandstone.  This  rock,  which  appears  to  be  the 
lowest  of  the  secondary  aggregates  in  this  part  of  the  coun- 
try, is  very  abundant  in  all  the  region  immediately  contiguous 
to  the  Rocky  Mountains.  We  have  never  met  with  a  stratum 
entirely  similar,  in  the  eastern  part  of  the  valley  of  the  Mis- 

*  The  highly  primitive,  and,  if  we  may  so  speak,  silicious  character  of 
the  Rocky  Mountains,  would  seem  to  discountenance  the  opinion  enter- 
tained by  some,  that  our  continent  has  emerged  from  the  depths  of  the 
ocean,  at  a  period  comparatively  recent.  The  organic  remains  hitherto 
observed,  in  the  secondary  aggregates  along  the  base  of  those  mountains, 
are  mostly  of  animals  supposed  to  have  inhabited  the  depths  of  the  ocean. 
But  if  the  granite  of  the  Rocky  Mountains  has  heenjorced  up  at  a  recent 
period,  where  are  the  traces  of  all  those  older  secondary  rocks,  which 
should  have  intervened  between  it  and  the  horizontal  sandstones?  If  these 
mouDtainB  had  formed  the  shores  of  that  ocean,  in  which  the  greater  part 
of  our  continent  was  so  long  immersed  after  the  elevation  of  the  Old 
World,  we  should  have  expected  to  find  along  their  base  the  remains  of 
littoral  animals,  and  not  of  those  which  inhabited  the  depths  of  the  ocean. 


Rocly  Mountains.  395 

sissippi.  It  occurs  at  intervals  along  the  base  of  the  mountains 
reposing  against  the  primitive  rocks  in  an  erect  or  highly  in- 
clined position.  It  varies  in  colour  from  bright  brick  red  to 
dark  brown,  and  sometimes  exhibits  various  shades  of  yellow 
and  gray.  It  is,  however,  almost  invariably  ferruginous,  and 
the  predominance  of  red  in  the  colouring  is  one  of  its  most 
conspicuous  features. 

The  lowest  part  of  the  stratum  has  frequently  least  colour, 
and  is  also  the  most  compact  and  hard.  But  this  is  not  in- 
variably the  case,  as  near  the  Platte,  that  part  which  lies  im- 
mediately on  the  granite,  is  white,  and  contains  beds  of  coarse 
conglomerate  or  pudding-stone.  At  the  lowest  points,  we 
have  been  able  to  examine,  are  found  imbedded,  large  oval  or 
irregular  masses  of  hornstone,  usually  of  a  yellowish-white  or 
bluish  colour,  and  near  the  surface  of  these  masses  are  seen 
the  few  well  marked  organic  relics,  the  stratum  can  be  said 
to  contain.  Higher  up,  the  rock  becomes  much  softer,  and 
usually  of  a  browner  colour.  Near  the  upper  part  of  the 
stratum,  are  frequently  seen  broad  belts  of  a  lighter  colour, 
conspicuously  marked  with  reticulating  yellowish  veins.  The 
cross  fracture  of  the  stone  is  even  and  earthy,  except  in  the 
coarser  varieties.  When  divided  in  a  direction  parallel  to 
that  of  the  strata,  small  scales  of  mica  are  seen,  but  this  is 
usual  only  in  those  parts  of  the  stone,  where  natural  seams  or 
fissures  existed.  Small  specimens  from  many  parts  of  this 
stratum,  could  with  difficulty  be  distinguished  from  the  red 
sandstone,  quarried  at  Nyac  in  New  Jersey,  and  used  in  great 
quantities  in  the  cities  of  New  York,  Albany,  &c.,  for  build- 
ing. 

2d.  Argillaceous^  or  Gray  Sandstone.  Immediately  above 
the  red  sandstone  we  have  invariably  found,  where  any  rock 
rests  upon  it,  a  grayish  or  yellowish  white  sandstone,  which 
we  distinguish  as  the  second  variety.  It  most  frequently  con- 
tains considerable  proportion  of  an  argillaceous  earth  in  the 
cement,  and  has  a  more  or  less  slaty  structure.  Hence  it  may 
with  propriety  be  denominated  argillaceous  sandstone.  This 
variety  being  uppermost  in  actual  position,  is,  perhaps,  more 
frequently  seen  than  the  other,  while  at  the  same  time  it  is 
probably  less  abundant. 

The  line  of  separation  betwixt  the  two  is  often  manifest 
and  well  defined,  and  in  other  instances  they  pass,  by  impercep- 
tible gradations  into  each  other.  The  upper  or  gray  sand- 
stone, is  usually  more  compact  and  homogeneous ,  and  more 
distinctly  stratified  than  the  red» 


8^  Expedition  to  the 

The  precipices  tn  both  varieties,  are  often  lofty  and  per- 
pendicular, but  the  projections  and  anglt-s  of  the  red  are 
taiore  worn  and  rounded  than  those  of  the  gray.  The  narrow 
defiles  and  ravines,  which  the  streams  of  water  have  exca- 
vated, are  less  tortuous,  when  they  are  entirely  in  the  gray 
sandstone,  than  in  other  instances.  The  springs  of  water 
flowing  from  it,  are  more  free  of  mineral  impregnations  than 
such  as  are  found  in  the  other  variety.  It  sometimes  consists 
of  glittering  crystalline  particles,  but  does  not  in  this  case  ap- 
pear to  be  a  chemical  deposite.  In  fine  it  appears  under  an  end- 
less variety  of  characters,  of  which  it  would  be  in  vain  to  at- 
tempt the  enumeration.  Although  the  gray  sandstone,  is  not 
invariably  distinguished  by  the  presence  of  an  argillaceous 
ingredient,  yet  it  is  constantly  found  in  connection  with  the 
soft  clay  slate,  or  bituminous  shale  and  coal  wherever  these 
are  met  with.  Gypsum  and  muriate  of  soda  are  as  common- 
ly found  in- or  near  the  red  variety. 

These  sandstones  being  entirely  mechanical  aggregates, 
consisting  of  rounded  fragments  of  rocks,  formerly  constitu- 
ting a  part  of  the  primitive  mountains,  would  seem  to  have 
been  deposited  at  a  very  remote  period,  when  the  waters  of 
the  primeval  ocean  covered  the  level  of  the  great  plain,  and 
the  lower  regions  of  the  granitic  mountains. 

Subsequent  to  the  deposition  of  the  horizontally  stratified 
rocks,  the  position  of  these,  in  relation  to  the  primitive,  has 
been  somewhat  changed,  either  by  the  action  of  some  force 
beneath  the  primitive  rocks,  forcing  them  up  to  a  greater 
elevation  than  they  formerly  possessed,  or  by  the  sinking 
down  ot  the  secondary,  produced  by  the  operation  of  some 
cause  equally  unknown.  Without  supposing  some  change  of 
this  kind,  can  we  account  for  the  great  inclination  of  the 
margin  of  the  sandstone  rock,  which  is  found  resting  against 
the  granite  almost  perpendicularly?  Nearly  contemporane- 
ous to  this  change,  was  the  retiring  of  the  sea,  and  the  con- 
solidation of  the  trap  rocks.  The  beds  of  loose  sand  and  gra- 
vel, which  are  still  accumulating,  have  been  formed  in  part, 
from  the  disintegration  of  the  sandstones,  and  conglomerates, 
partly  by  the  action  of  those  currents  of  water,  which  are 
constant!)  bringing  down  small  fragments  from  the  primitive 
rocks,  and  depositing  them  in  the  plains. 

The  absence  of  any  formation  of  limestone,  is  a  distin- 
guishing characteristic  of  the  country  under  consideration.  A 
traveller  to  the  upper  part  of  the  Missouri  mentions,  *'  cal- 
careous and  petrosiliceous"  hills,  as  existing  in  the  coal  dis- 


Rocky  Mountains.  397 

tricts  on  that  river.  But  in  ascending  the  Platte,  from  its 
confluence  with  the  Missouri  to  the  mountains,  we  saw  not 
a  single  fragment  of  limestone.  Small  veins  of  carbonate  of 
lime,  crystallized  in  the  usual  form,  are  met  with  in  the  argil- 
laceous sandstone  of  the  Arkausa,  also  the  sulphate  in  small 
quantities.  Gypsum  is  very  abundant  on  the  Canadian  river, 
at  a  distance  of  three  or  four  hundred  miles  from  the  moun- 
tains. It  is  disseminated  in  veins  and  thick  horizontal  beds, 
in  the  red  sandstone.  The  extent  and  thickness  of  these 
horizontal  beds,  would,  perhaps,  justify  the  appellation 
of  stratum,  but  as  g\  psum  is  not  met  with  in  great  quantities, 
except  in  connection  with  this  sandstone,  it  may  with  pro- 
priety be  considered  a  subordinate  rock. 

Rock  Salt.  This  substance  has  often  been  said  to  exist  in 
some  part  of  upper  Louisiana,  in  the  form  of  an  extensive 
stratum.  We  have  met  v  ith  salt  among  the  natives,  in  masses 
of  twenty  or  thirty  pounds  weight.  The  interior  of  these 
masses,  when  broken,  presented  a  crsytalline  structure.  On 
one  of  the  surfaces,  which  had  probably  been  that  in  contact 
with  the  ground  or  rock,  on  which  the  salt  had  rested,  a  con- 
siderable mixture  of  red  sand  was  discoverable.  These  mass- 
es had  been  produced  by  the  evaporation,  during;  the  dry  sea- 
son, of  the  waters  of  some  small  lake.  The  whole  country 
near  the  mountains,  abounds  in  licks^  brine  springs,  and  sa- 
line efflorescences,  but  it  is  in  the  neighbourhotid  of  the  red 
sand  rock,  that  salt  is  met  with  in  the  greatest  abundance 
and  purity.  The  immediate  valley  of  the  Canadian  river,  in 
the  upper  part  of  its  course,  varies  in  width,  from  a  few  rods 
to  three  or  four  miles,  but  is  almost  invariably  bounded  by 
precipices  of  red  sand  rock,  forming  the  river  bluffs.  In  the 
valley  between  these,  incrustations  of  nearly  pure  salt  are  of- 
ten found,  covering  the  surface  to  a  great  extent,  in  the  man- 
ner of  a  thin  ice,  and  causing  it  to  appear,  when  seen  from  a 
distance,  as  if  covered  with  snow. 

Most  of  the  remarkable  formations  of  rock  salt,  hitherto 
explored  and  accurately  described,  have  been  found  in  the 
"  red  marie,  or  new  red  sandstone,"*  of  the  English  geolo- 

*  Conybeare  and  Phillipps,  part  i,p.  278.  The  same  foriTiation  ivas 
called  by  Bakewell,  the  lowest  red  sand  rock,  and  by  Werner  "  bunter 
sandstein,"  or  varieg-ated  sandstone.  This  rock  wi  h  the  accompanying 
conglomerates  and  amygdaloids,  is  considered  by  Conybeare  and  Phil- 
lipps, as  the  immediate  superstratum  of  the  magnesian  limestona,  which 
rests  on  the  great  coal  deposite  of  England;  and  is  the  lowest  member  of 
their  superraedial  order.     Throughout  its  range,  are  found  some  of  the 


398  Expedition  to  the 

gists,  called  also  the  "  older  sandstone,"  by  Frieslieben,  and 
the  "  first  floetz  sandstone,"  by  the  Wernerians,  which  ap- 
pearfe  to  correspond  in  character  with  the  sandstone  about 
the  sources  of  the  Canadian.  Rock  salt  is  found  in  connec- 
tion with  this  sandstone  at  Cheshire,  Northwich,  and  Droit- 
wich  in  England;  at  Cardona  in  the  province  of  Catalonia  in 
Spain,  and  at  the  base  of  the  Carpathian  mountains  in  Mol- 
davia and  Poland.  In  Peru,  it  is  accompanied  by  sandstone 
and  gypsum,*  and  along  the  base  of  the  Ural  mountains, 
between  Europe  and  Asia,  by  gypsum  and  red  marle.t  Ac- 
cident or  further  examination,  it  is  probable,  may  hereafter 
bring  to  light,  those  extensive  beds  of  this  substance,  which 

richest  lands  in  England,  consisting'  of  a  red  marie,  which  like  that  of  our 
analogous  formation  about  the  Canadian  and  Red  rivers,  is  favourable  to 
the  growth  of  the  cereal  gramina,  the  leguminous  plants,  and  some  fruit 
trees.  Many  geologists  appear  to  consider  this  stratum  as  exclusively  the 
depository  of  the  rock  salt  and  gj  psum.  If  this  be  the  case,  it  is  to  be  in- 
ferred that  it  occurs  interruptedly  throughout  the  interior  of  North  Ame- 
rica, from  the  Alleghanies  to  the  Rocky  Mountains.  We  have  recently 
seen  some  specimens,  form  Lake  Huron,  of  amygdaloidal  greenstone,  close- 
ly resembling  that  which  is  found  associated  with  our  muriatiferous  sand- 
stone. Some  of  the  most  copious  and  concentrated  brine  springs  in  Ame- 
rica, occur  in  the  horizontal  formations,  south  of  Lake  Ontario.  Those 
of  Salina  in  New  York  produce  five  liundred  thousand  bushels  of  salt  an- 
nually. W  e  stated  in  the  first  volume  of  this  work,  that  the  springs  of 
Kenhawa,  yield  a  yearly  product  of  thirty  thousand  bushels  of  salt,  and 
asserted  inadvertently,  (at  page  15)  that  they  are  the  most  important  sa- 
lines in  the  country.  The  product  of  several  establishments  surpasses  that 
of  Kenhawa.  The  whole  amount  of  salt  manufactured  annually  in  the 
United  States  from  brine  springs,  is  now  believed  to  exceed  a  million  of 
bushels. 

*  "  The  sandstone  on  the  banks  of  Manzanares,  between  Cumana  and 
and  Cumanacoa,  is  accompanied  by  beds  of  indurated  clay,  containing  sele- 
nite  and  lamellar  gypsum,  and  resembling  the  muriatiferous  clay  of  Punta 
Araya."  See  Hvmb.  Pers.  Jfar.  vol.  3.  p.  11.  The  extensive  rock  salt 
formation  of  ElJereed,  a  pan  of  the  great  Sahara,  belonging  to  the  Tuni- 
sians, is  described  by  Shaw,  as  "  a  solid  mountain  of  a  reddish  purple  co- 
lour, as  hard  as  stone."  Travels  through  Barbary,  page  1 15,  in  vol.  12  of 
Mavor's  collection.  The  sand  in  the  great  saline  desert  of  Persia,  is  of  a 
brick  red  colour.  Kinneir,  p.  13,  and  Voyage  of  Nearchus,  p.  322.  The 
magnificent  salt  formation  of  Callabaugh,  in  the  kingdom  ofCaubul,  ap- 
pears from  Eiphinstone's  description,  to  be  connected  with  a  stratum  of 
red  sandstone.  "The  road  beyond  the  town  of  Calla-baugh,  was  cut  out 
of'feolid  salt,  at  the  foot  of  clifls  of  that  mineral,  in  some  places  more  than 
one  hundred  feet  high  above  the  river.  The  salt  is  hard  and  clear  and  al- 
most pure.  It  would  be  like  crystal,  were  it  not  in  some  parts  streaked 
and  tinged  with  red.  All  the  earth,  particularly  near  the  town,  is  almost 
blood  red.^^ 

f  Annals  (f  Philosophy,  vol.  xviii,  p.  23S. 


Racky  Mountains,  399 

we  have  reason  to  believe,  exist  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
the  R')clcy  Mountains.  The  briny  character  of  those  great 
streams,  the  Arkansa  and  Red  rivers,  flowing  over  the  red 
sandstone  formation,  and  receiving  fronts  it  the  peculiar  cha- 
racter, and  colour  of  their  waters,  afford  sufficient  evidence  of 
the  existence  of  such  beds,  and  the  greatness  of  the  quantity 
washed  away  in  any  given  time,  would  lead  to  the  conclusion, 
that  they  must  be  of  vast  extent.  By  the  analogy  of  other  rock 
salt  formations,  apparently  similar  in  character,  we  should 
he  instructed  to  search  for  these  beds,  in  depressed  situations 
and  basin-shapt'd  cavities,  whose  contents  had  not  been  worn 
down  and  removed  by  the  currents  of  water.  In  England 
the  saliferous  sandstone,  is  locally  known,  as  the  red  dead 
lyet\  and  is  supposed  to  be  identical  with  the  stratum,  called 
by  the  German  mineralogists,  the  roihe  todte  liegende^  and 
which  in  the  north  of  Germany,  is  believed  to  occur  over  the 
coal,  as  appears  from  the  researches  of  Karsten,  Von  Rau- 
mer.  Von  Buch,  and  Frieslieben.  The  same  position  is  as- 
signed by  many  of  the  English  geologists,  to  their  new  red 
sandstone,  while  Mr.  Weaver*  and  others,  consider  it  infe- 
rior to  the  coal  strata,  as  is  the  case  in  the  country  we  have 
described. 

Perhaps  the  most  striking  feature  of  this  formation  of 
sandstone,  is  the  great  and  abrupt  change  in  the  inclination 
of  the  strata,  in  the  parts  near  the  granite  as  already  de- 
scribed. 

It  may  perhaps  be  thought  possible  that  the  gradual  wear- 
ing away,  by  the  agency  of  rivers,  of  some  portions  of  the 
sandstone,  may  have  been  sufficiently  extensive,  to  have  oc- 
casioned that  change  of  elevation  of  v/hich  we  speak,  and 
that  those  rocks  now  found  in  an  inclined  position,  are  de- 
tached portions,  of  what  was  formerly  the  upper  part  of  the 
stratum,  which  having  been  undermined  on  their  eastern  side 
and  supported  by  the  granite  on  their  western,  have  fallen 
into  their  present  situation. 

This  supposition,  however,  seems  incompatible  with  the 
vast  magnitude  and  extent  of  these  rocks,  and  entirely  irre- 
concilable to  the  fact,  that  they  dip  to  a  great  and  indefinite 
extent  below  the  present  level,  of  any  of  the  beds  of  the 
rivers. 

The  position  of  this  formation,  in  relation  to  the  granite, 
is  similar  to  that  of  the  sandstone  of  the  island  of  Guachaco, 

*  Annals  of  Phil.  Oct,  Nor.  and  Dec.  1821. 


400  Expedition  to  the 

and  of  the  Llanos  of  Caraccas,  resting  on  the  granite  of  the 
Oroonoko,*  in  South  America,  also  to  that  spoken  of  by 
Mr.  Burkhardt,  at  the  entrance  oi  Nubia,  super) mposrd  up- 
on the  granite  of  S\ene,  lo  thai  of  Aberdeenshire  in  Scot- 
land,! to  that  of  Haldon  hill,  overlaying  the  granite  of  Dart- 
moor in  England,:)^  to  that  mentioned  by  Mr.  Schookrafi.^ 
as  found  near  Lake  Superior,  and  probablv  to  that  of  Beh- 
ring's4sland  off  the  coast  of  Kamschatska,||  but  it  does  not  ap- 
pear that  those  formations  have  the  same  peculiarities  in  re- 
gard to  inclination. 

If  this  formation  of  sandstone  consisting  of  the  two  varie- 
ties just  mentioned,  ev'='r  extended  across  the  valley  of  the 
Mississippi  to  the  Alleghany  mountains,  as  some  might  be 
disposed  to  believe,  we  cannot  pretend  to  determine  what 
was  its  position,  relative  to  the  immense  masses  of  floetz, 
limestone,  and  other  rocks  now  found  in  that  valley.  But  as 
the  red  variety  is  still  extensively  disseminated  and  usually 
accompanied  by  those  valuable  substances  salt  and  plaister, 
it  may  not  be  amiss,  to  trace  as  far  as  our  examinations  have 
enabled  us  to  do  it,  the  outline  of  the  region  which  it  occu- 
pies. As  we  have  before  mentioned,  it  is  found  in  the  vici- 
nity of  the  river  Platte,  in  an  highly  inclined  position,  cover- 
ing a  narrow  margin,  immediately  at  the  foot  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  From  the  accounts  of  Lewis  and  Clark,  w^  are 
induced  to  believe,  that  it  exists  under  similar  circumstances 
near  the  f.ills  of  the  Missouri.  On  the  Canadian,  it  is  con- 
stantly met  with  from  the  sources  of  that  river,  on  the  bor- 
ders of  New  Mexico,  near  Santa  Fe,  in  105"  west,  until  you 
arrive  within  a  short  distance  of  its  confluence  with  the  Ar- 
kansa,  in  longitude  97°  west.  The  waters  of  the  Canadian, 
from  flowing  over  the  sandstone  in  question,  acquire  an  in- 
tense red  colour,  and  are  so  impregnated  with  muriate  of 
soda  and  other  soluble  salts,  as  to  be  unfit  for  use.  I'his  we 
are  credibly  informed,  is  also  the  case  with  the  waters  of  a  num- 
ber of  rivers  tributary  to  the  Arkansa,  above  the  Canadian  on 
the  same  side,  also  with  the  waters  of  Red  river.  Hence  the 

*  See  Humb.  Pers.  Nar.  vol.  4,  p.  384  and  572,  also  vol.  v,  p.  633, 
Lond.  Ed. 

t  Mac  Culloch  in  the  Journal  of  Science  and  the  Arts,  vol.  x,  p.  30. 

\  Conybeare  and  Phillipps.  Part  1,  p.  132. 

^  Schoolcraft's  Narrative,  page  159. 

II  Behrin^'s  Island,  says  Pennant,  consists  of  hig^h  granitic  mountains, 
craggy  with  rocks  and  peaks,  changing  into  freestone  towardb  the  pro- 
montories. Arct.  Zool.  vol.  i,  p.  219. 


Rocky  Mountains.  401 

conclusion  appears  to  be  justified,  that  this  rock  extends  from 
near  the  Arkansa  on  the  north,  to  a  point  beyond  Red  river 
on  the  south,  and  from  near  the  mouth  of  the  Canadian, 
an  unknown  distance  to  the  west.  It  is  not  unlikely,  it  may 
exist  about  the  sources  and  upper  branches  of  the  Rio  Co- 
lorado ot  California,  the  Red  river  of  Santa  Fe,  and  the 
other  J^ed  rivers  of  New  Mexico.  Near  the  mountains,  and 
for  a  great  distance  to  the  south  and  east  of  the  High  Peak, 
it  is  covered  by  the  gray  sandstone. 

Other  secondary  rocks  found  in  different  parts  of  the  great 
valley  of  the  Mississippi,  will  be  noticed  hereafter.  Those 
above  enumerated,  seem  to  have  a  peculiar  dependence  upon 
the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  for  this  reason,  we  thought  pro- 
per to  consider  them  in  connection  with  that  range.  They  also 
appear  in  some  measure  independent  of  the  other  members 
of  that  great  secondary  formation,  on  the  borders  of  which 
they  occur. 

The  peculiar  features  of  the  region  occupied  by  these 
rocks,  have  been  minutely  described  in  the  narrative  of  our 
journey.  It  is  a  region  destined  by  the  barrenness  of  its  soil, 
the  inhospitable  character  of  its  climate,  and  by  other  phy- 
sical disadvantages,  to  be  the  abode  of  perpetual  desolation. 
The  immense  grassy  plains  on  its  southern  and  eastern  bor- 
ders, are  adapted  to  the  feeding  of  cattle  and  sheep,  and  it  is 
not  improbable,  the  countless  herds  of  bisons  and  wild  horses, 
will  soon  give  place  there,  to  domesticated  animals.  The 
coal,  salt,  plaister,  and  iron,  which  constitute  the  mineral 
wealth  of  this  portion  of  the  United  States'  territory,  lose 
much  of  th»:ir  value,  on  account  of  their  remoteness  from 
navigable  streams.  Beautiful  carnelians  and  agates  occur  in 
the  alluvial  regions  of  the  Platte  and  Missouri,  but  these 
will  never  become  objects  of  any  importance. 

III. — Floetz  Trap  Rocks, 

Another  family  of  rocks  of  recent  formation,  and  connect- 
ed with  the  sandstone  last  mentioned,  remains  to  be  noticed. 

These  are  rocks  of  basaltic  conformation,  belonging  to  the 
class  by  some  mineralogists  denominated  superincumbent, 
and  by  many  considered  of  volcanic  origin.  They  present 
a  striking  contrast  by  their  dark  colour,  and  by  the  vastness 
and  irregularity  of  their  masses,  to  the  smooth,  light,  and  fis- 
sile sandstones  on  which  they  rest.  Sometimes  they  are  com- 
pact, and  apparently  homogeneous  in  their  composition, 
in  many  particulars  of  structure,  form,  hardness,  &c.  seem- 
ing more  analogous  to  the  primitive  rocks  than  to  those  re- 

VOL.  II.  51 


40B  Expedition  to  the 

cent  secondary  aggregates  with  which  they  are  associated. 
In  other  instances,  black  and  formless  masses  of  porous  and 
amygdaloidal  substances  are  seen  scattered  about  the  plains, 
or  heaped  in  conic  piles,  but  having  no  immediate  con- 
nexion with  the  rocks  on  which  they  rest.  An  extensive 
formation  of  the  rocks  belongmg  to  this  class  occurs  along 
the  eastern  slope  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  about  the  sources 
of  the  Canadian,  and  the  Red  river  of  Natchitoches.  Among 
them  we  distinguish  two  leading  varieties  referrible  to  the 
tAvodivisons  called  Greenstone  and  Amygdaloid. 

1st. — Greenstone.  It  appears  in  the  limited  district  we 
examined,  under  almost  every  variety  of  form  and  character 
noticed  by  mineralogists.  Sometimes  it  is  nearly  or  quite 
free  from  any  intermixture  of  hornblend,  and  is  of  a  fine 
dark  green  colour,  and  closely  resembles  some  varieties  ot 
serpentine.  Sometimes  its  colour  is  a  dull  gray,  graduating 
into  brown  and  black  of  various  shades  and  intensities.  It 
forms  numerous  conic  hills  of  considerable  elevation,  scat- 
tered without  order  in  various  parts  of  the  plain.  These  hills 
are  usually  of  a  regular  and  beautiful  form.  The  great  plain 
in  which  they  stand  is  elevated  and  destitute  of  timber  or 
water,  but  ornamented  with  a  carpet  of  thick  and  verdant 
grasses.  The  hills,  though  steep  and  high,  are  smooth  and 
green  to  their  summits;  the  surface  on  all  sides  being  unbro- 
ken by  trees  or  rocks,  and  covered  with  thick  turf;  the  whole 
forms  a  scene  of  singular  beauty.  During  our  journey  across 
the  district  based  upon  the  rocks  now  under  consideration, 
we  had  constant  occasion  to  admire  the  freshness  and  abun- 
dance of  the  grasses  and  otner  herbaceous  plants.  The 
plains  of  the  Platte  and  Arkansa  we  had  seen,  brown  and  de- 
solate as  if  recently  ravaged  by  fire,  but  here  we  passed  ele- 
vated tracts  where  for  many  miles  we  could  find  no  water 
for  our  necessities,  yet  the  vegetation  possessed  the  fresh- 
ness of  spring  in  the  most  fertile  regions.  The  greenstone 
sometimes  appears  in  low  ridges,  extending  considerable  dis- 
tance, and  sloping  on  both  sides  into  the  level  of  the  plain. 
In  the  sides  of  ravines  and  water-courses,  perpendicular 
precipices  of  considerable  elevation  occur,  but  the  vallies 
are  usually  almost  filled  with  large  broken  masses,  and 
fragments  sometimes  exhibiting  a  prismatic  form.  It  falls 
rtitdily  into  large  masses,  but  seems  strongly  to  resist  that 
pngress  of  di?iiUegration,  which  it  must  undergo  before  it 
can  he  removed  by  iht-  water.  The  faces  of  the  perpendicular 
precipices  are  often  marked  by  distinct  and  large  seams  run- 


Rocky  Mountains,  403 

ning  parallel  to  each  other,  and  at  right  angles  with  the  hori- 
zon. Following  the  water  courses,  which  are  sunk  a  consi- 
derable distance  below  the  surface,  the  line  of  separailoa 
from  the  sandstone,  on  which  the  greenstone  rests,  at  length 
becomes  visible. 

2d. — Amygdaloid.  We  apply  this  name  to  a  porous  or  ves- 
sicular  rock  of  a  very  dark  gray,  greenish,  or  black  colour,  usu- 
ally found  near  the  greenstone,  but  sometimes  in  connexion 
with  the  sandstone.  In  its  ultimate  composition  it  resembles 
greenstone,  but  we  have  never  seen  in  it  such  lar^e  frag*' 
ments  of  feldspar  and  scales  of  mica  as  are  observed  in  that 
rock-  The  amy  gdaloidal  cavities,  with  which  it  is  every  where 
penvitrated,  are  of  various  sizes;  some  of  them  appear  like 
bubbles,  which  had  been  formed  in  a  semi-fluid  mass,  and 
afterwards  lengthened  and  variously  distorted  by  the  mo- 
tions of  the  contiguous  matter.  Near  the  surface  they  con- 
tain a  soft,  white,  or  yellowish-white  substance,  very  differ- 
ent from  the  rock  itself,  usually  a  pulverulent  carbonate 
of  lime.  This  gives  the  recent  surface  a  mottled  appear- 
ance. In  surfaces  which  have  been  for  some  time  exposed  to 
the  air  this  soft  substance  has  been  removed,  and  the  pores 
and  vessicles  are  empty. 

Amygdaloid  does  not  appear  to  occupy  any  very  great  ex- 
tent of  the  country  near  the  Rocky  Monntains;  we  have  not 
met  with  it  imbedded  in,  or  surmounted  by  any  other  rocks. 
It  forms  conic  hills  like  the  greenstone,  which  sometimes  oc- 
cur in  deep  water-worn  vallies,  bounded  on  both  sides  by  per- 
pendicular walls  of  sandstone.  It  is  likewise  seen  in  the 
high  plains,  sometimes  in  the  form  of  narrow  and  crooked 
ridges,  apparently  following  what  were  formerly  the  beds  of 
small  brooks.  Some  very  high  and  sharp  conic  hills 
were  visible  to  the  westward,  but  at  a  great  distance.  Two 
of  this  kind,  which  stand  near  each  other,  and  seem  to  be  de- 
tached from  the  primitive  mountains,  are  called  the  Spanish 
peaks,  and  at  the  end  of  July  snow  was  still  to  be  seen  on 
them. 

Where  either  of  the  two  rocks  last  mentioned  occur  it  is  not 
uncommon  to  find  detached  masses  of  a  stone  somewhat  re- 
sembling the  pumice  stone  of  commerce.  It  is  usually  of  a 
faint  red,  or  yellowish-white  colour,  but  sometimes  brown, 
or  nearly  black.  It  feels  less  harsh  than  the  pumice  stone 
used  in  the  arts,  and  seems  to  consist  in  a  great  degree  of 
clay.  It  appears  to  be  entirely  similar  to  the  substance 
brought  down  the  Missouri  by  the  annual  floods,  and  by  ma- 


404  Expedition  to  the 

ny  considered  a  product  of  pseudo-volcanic  fires,  said  to  exist 
on  that  river. 

Of  the  extent  of  this  formation  of  trap,  and  of  the  actual 
elevation  which  it  attains,  we  have  no  very  definite  informa- 
tion. Some  of  the  greenstone  hills  which  we  examined,  ap- 
peared to  rise  nearly  to  the  region  of  perpetual  frost. 

In  the  soils  resting  on  the  rocks  of  this  formation,  gra- 
vel and  water-worn  pebbles  rarely  occur,  except  in  situations 
where  it  is  easy  to  see  they  may  have  been  derived  from  the 
underlying  sandstone. 

We  are  not  disposed  to  enter  into  any  discussion  concern- 
ing the  origin  of  the  trap  rocks.  The  volcanists  and  those 
who  believe  the  trap  formations  to  have  been  thrown  up  in 
a  state  of  fusion  from  beneath  the  crust  of  the  earth,  will 
have  a  ready  explanation  of  a  fact  mentioned  in  our  journal, 
namely,  that  pieces  of  charred  wood  were  found  inclosed 
in  the  sandstone  underlying  the  formation  in  question. 

Though  we  sought  in  vain  for  some  evidence  that  the 
rocks  of  this  formation  traversed  the  strata  of  sandstone  in 
the  manner  of  the  whin  dikes  of  England,  we  are  conscious 
our  examinations  were  too  limited  to  justify  us  in  asserting 
that  this  is  not  the  case,  nor  can  we  adduce  a  single  fact, 
from  which  it  could  be  inferred,  that  these  rocks  have  been 
deposited,  like  the  accompanying  strata  of  sandstone,  from 
suspension  in  water.  We  saw  no  instance  of  their  alternation 
with  the  sandstones,  and  no  appearance  of  the  gradual 
transition  of  these  rocks  into  each  other.  The  country  oc- 
cupied by  this  formation  presents  scenery  of  a  very  peculiar 
and  interesting  character.  It  is  remarked  by  Humboldt,*  that 
in  the  Canary  islands,  in  the  mountains  of  Auvergne,  in  the 
Mittelgebirge  in  Bohemia,  in  Mexico,  and  on  the  banks  of 
the  Ganges,  and  we  may  add,  in  the  United  States,  the  for- 
mation of  trap  is  indicated  by  a  symmetrical  disposition  of 
the  mountains,  by  truncated  cones,  sometimes  insulated, 
sometimes  grouped,  and  by  elevated  plains^  both  extremities 
ofxvhich  are  crowned  by  a  conical  rising.  In  some  of  the 
unpublished  drawings  by  Mr.  Seymour,  these  peculiar  fea- 
tures of  the  scenery  of  the  floetz  trap  formation  have  been 
preserved. 

From  the  account  we  have  given  of  these  rocks,  it  will 
be  perceived,  that  here,  as  in  Mansfeld.  Thuringia,  and  the 
circle    of    Saalet,  the   red  sandstone,  the  porphyritic  and 

*  Personal  Narrative,  vol.  i.  p.  87.  American  Edition. 

f  Annals  of  Pbilos.  vol.  xviii.  p.  248,  on  the  authority  of  Friesleben. 


Rocky  Mountains,  405 

amygdaloidal  trap,  and  the  coal  strata,  are  in  direct  and 
immediate  connexion,  while  limestones,  except  the  sulphate, 
are  of  rare  occurrence. 

Recapitulation 

The  Secondary  Formations  along  the  eastern  base  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  are 

1st. — Red  Sandstone.  Rests  immediately  on  the  granite, 
is  rather  indistinctly  stratified;  strata  sometimes  inclined, 
and  sometimes  horizontal.  Abounds  in  gypsum,  salt,  and 
iron,  but  contains  no  indications  of  coal. 

2d. — Argillaceous^  or  gray  Sandstone.  Overlays  the  red, 
conforming  to  it  in  the  inclination  of  the  strata.  Occurs 
principally  near  the  primitive;  contains  coal  and  iron. 

3d. — Greenstone  and  Graystone.*  Of  an  imperfectly  co- 
lumnar structure,  resting  on  the  argillaceous  sandstone. 

4th. — Amygdaloid.  Sometimes  containing  augit,  and  some- 
times hornblend.  Occurs  with  the  greenstone,  about  the 
sources  of  the  Canadian  river,  and  constitutes,  with  the  fore- 
going, the  newest  floetz  trap  formation. 

5th. — Sand  and  Gravel.  Resting  on  the  sandstones,  and 
extending  over  the  Great  Desert,  but  rarely  found  with  the 
trap  rocks. 

Sect.  II. — Of  the  Rocky  Mountains.! 

The  principal  summits  of  this  lofty  chain  of  mountains  are 
visible  in  some  conditions  of  the  atmosphere,  at  the  distance 
of  one  hundred  and  forty  miles.  In  approaching  them  from 
the  east,  across  the  great  plain,  as  the  curvature  of  the  sur- 
face appears  to  subside,  peak  after  peak  becomes  visible,  and 
at  the  distance  of  one  hundred  miles,  the  view  is  that  oi  se- 
veral conic  summits  rising,  unconnected  with  each  other 
from  their  bases.  At  a  nearer  approach,  the  mountain  is  dis- 

*  Pinkerton. 

f  We  use  this  name,  because  it  appears  to  be  most  generally  adopted, 
and  is  perhaps  as  appropriate  as  any  of  those  hitherto  applied  to  this  great 
and  almost  unknown  chain  of  mountains.  If  any  has  a  claim  to  be  re- 
ceived on  account  of  greater  antiquity,  it  is  certainly  that  of  Chippewyan, 
used  by  Carver,  M  Kenzie,  and  the  earliest  English  writers,  and  far  more 
applicable  than  Missouri,  Mexican,  Caous,  Shining,  Sandij,  or  any  of  the 
many  other  unmeaning  adjuncts  which  have  been  proposed.  The  Indians 
are  said  to  have  no  name  for  the  whole  range.  Those  parts  about  the 
sources  of  the  Arkansa  and  Rio  Del  Morte,  have  been  called  Sierra  Ma- 
^re,  and  Sierra  Vert,  by  the  Spaniards  of  New  Mexico. 


406  £xpedition  to  the 

cerned  constituting  an  uninterrupted  chain,  crowned  with 
sharp  conic  summits.  In  one  or  two  instances,  tht-  smooth 
surface  of  the  plain  extends  unbroken  to  the  base  of  the  gra- 
nitic mountains;  more  commonly  low  parallel  ridges  of  sand- 
stone mark  the  boundary  of  the  secondary,  and  the  com- 
mencement of  the  primitive  regions.  It  has  already  been  re- 
marked, that  in  most  instances  these  sandstones  are  separat- 
ed from  the  granite  by  no  mterposed  stratum  of  older  secon- 
dary, or  transition  rocks.  What  will  perhaps  be  considered 
an  exception  to  this  remark,  is  found  at  the  point  where  the 
river  Platte  descends  from  the  mountains.  Here,  in  the  first 
of  the  primitive  ridges,  the  rock  is  an  aggregate  of  feldspar 
and  hornblend.  Along  the  eastern  side  of  this  ridge,  where 
the  feldspar  is  in  the  greatest  proportion,  it  is  of  the  flesh  co- 
loured variety,  most  common  throughout  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, having  its  unmixed  masses  comparatively  large  and  of 
a  cubic  form.  Hornblend  and  quartz,  in  small  proportions, 
complete  the  aggregate.  This  has  the  aspect  and  fracture  of 
granite,  and  should  perhaps  be  considered  a  granite,  in 
which  hornblend  takes  the  place  of  mica.  Proceeding  to- 
wards the  west,  the  proportion  of  feldspar  decreases  rapidly, 
and  its  particles  become  smaller,  until  at  length  it  disappears,., 
and  the  rock  consists  almost  exclusively  of  hornblend. 
This  is  of  a  distinctly  columnar  structure,  and  assumes  all 
the  characters  of  primitive  trap.  It  forms  an  abrupt  spur  or 
ridge,  crossing  from  north  to  south  the  narrow  chasm  which 
contains  the  bed  of  the  Platte,  pushing  that  river  a  little  out 
of  its  direct  course.  This  narrow  ridge,  falling  off  perpen- 
dicularly on  both  sides,  may  well  be  compared  to  a  close  line 
of  palisades  placed  within,  and  closing  the  passage  which 
seemed  to  promise  an  entrance  into  the  mountains.  The 
drawing  taken  on  the  spot  by  Mr.  Seymour,  of  which  an  en- 
graving has  been  made  for  our  Journal,  displays  some  of  the 
prominent  features  of  this  peculiar  formation.  The  external 
characters  of  this  rock,  seem  to  us  to  indicate  an  origin  in 
no  respect  differing  as  to  time  and  circumstances  from  that 
of  the  granite.*  Small  specimens  taken  from  different  points, 

*  By  adhering  too  scrupulously  to  the  definitions  and  principles  of 
European  authors,  and  which  are  not  in  all  instances  applicable  to  this 
country,  much  contusion  has  been  introduced  into  the  descriptions 
given  by  American  geologists.  In  particular,  we  think  that  sienitic  and 
trap  formations  have  been  too  much  multiplied.  If  any  geologist  shall 
hereafter  attentively  examine  that  extensive  formation  of  rocks  without 
mica,  and  containing  hornblend,  which  extends  westward  from  the  gra- 


Rocky  Mountains.  407 

within  a  short  distance  of  each  other,  would  probably  receive 
from  mineralogists  the  different  appellations  of  primitive, 
trap,  hornblt-nd  rock,  greenstone,  sitnite,  &c.  But,  as  the 
rock  graduates  by  imperceptible  degrees  from  one  of  these 
into  all  the  rest,  it  probably  may  be  found  in  the  same  way, 
passing  into  granite.  It  often  contains  quartz,  but  little  or 
no  mica.  From  the  Platte  southward  to  the  High  Peak,  the 
mountains  are  entirely  of  a  granite,  in  which  the  predomina- 
ting ingredif  nt  is  feldspar.  This  feldspar  is  usually  flesh 
coloured,  and  sometimes  reddish  brown.  Its  crystalline  form 
is  often  distinctly  seen  in  masses,  where  small  fragments  of 
mica  and  quartz  are  intermixed.  The  fragments  of  quartz 
are  small,  and  minutely  blended  with  the  other  ingredients. 
The  mica  is  usually  black,  and  in  small  scales;  it  is  also  m 
small  proportion,  compared  with  the  quartz  and  hornblend. 
At  the  foot  of  the  High  Peak,  the  lower  region  of  the  moun- 
tain IS  strewed  with  many  small  masses  of  rocks,  among 
which  may  be  found  well  marked  specimens  of  gneiss,  and  a 
few  of  mica  slate.  The  former  of  these  rocks  is  found  in 
place  about  ten  miles  to  the  west  of  the  Peak,  at  the  place 
where  the  Arkansa  leaves  the  mountains;  but  we  have  no 
where  seen  mica  slate,  except  in  small  detached  masses.  The 
granite,  which  forms  the  base  of  the  Peak,  is  similar  to  that 
already  described.  By  the  action  of  atmospheric  agents,  it 
crumbles  rapidly  into  small  fragments  of  the  size  of  a  nut. 
The  steepest  parts  of  the  side  of  the  mountain  are  every 
where  covered  with  these  small  and  loose  masses.  No  con- 
siderable change  occurs  in  the  geological  character  of  the 
mountain,  until  you  arrive  at  the  base  of  the  last  cone  of  the 
Peak.  Above  this  point  no  mica  is  found;  the  rock,  like  that 
of  the  summit  of  the  Silla  of  Caraccas,*  the  cataracts  of 
Atures,  and  many  high  points  in  the  mountains  of  South 
America  and  Mexico,  and  like  that  of  Syene  in  Egypt,  is  a 
granite,  consisting  of  quartz,  hornblend  and  feldspar,  but  so 
minutely  divided,  and  so  closely  aggregated,  as  to  appear 
like  a  homogeneous  mineral-  It  is  extremely  compact  and 
hard,  and  seems  to  bid  defiance  to  every  agent  that  would 

nite  of  Lake  Cbamplain,  rising  into  the  high  mountains  of  Scroon,  and  of 
the  tract  about  the  sources  of  the  Hudson,  known  as  "  Totten  Crossfields 
patent,"  and  which  have  been  pronounced  sienite,  he  will  be  convinced 
that  whatever  those  rocks  may  be  called,  they  ought  to  be  considered  as 
intimately  connected  with  the  granite,  and  as  having  had  a  similar  and 
<iimultaDeous  origin. 

*  Humb.  Per?.  Nar.  vol.  iii,  p.  405,  and  vol.  v,  p.  19. 


408  Expedition  to  the 

work  its  dissolution.  It  is  of  a  yellowish  red,  or  deep  flesh 
colour,  which  appears  to  be  little  altered  by  long  exposure  to 
the  air.  Above  the  limits  of  phenogamous  vegetation,  it  is 
almost  wholly  naked — scarce  a  lichen  or  a  moss  is  to  be  seen. 
The  line  which  marks  the  termination  of  the  region  of  woody 
plants  upon  the  sides  of  the  mountains,  is  that  which,  at  the 
time  of  our  visit,  f  July  14,)  separated  the  region  of  frost  and 
snow  from  that  below.  Above  this  line  the  soil  is  scanty,  and, 
where  not  buried  under  the  snow,  covered  with  a  beautiful 
carpet  of  herbaceous  or  sufFruticose  plants.  Another  zone 
might  be  distinguished  above  the  preceding,  and  encircling 
the  summit  of  the  mountain,  in  which  scarce  any  phenoga- 
mous plant  is  found,  and  but  a  few  inconspicuous  lichens. 
The  surface  is  covered  with  lar>;e  and  sphntery  fragments  of 
granite,  which  seem  to  have  been  thrown  down  from  above, 
and  owing  to  the  compact  and  impenetrable  nature  of  the 
stone,  appear  as  if  rcctntly  broken.  No  considerable  al- 
teration is  apparent  in  the  character  of  the  rock,  which  is 
similar  at  the  base  and  at  the  summit  of  the  cone  of  the 
peak.  A  few  fragments  of  perfectly  transparent  quartz,  and 
some  pieces  of  bright  green  feldspar,  and  some  detached 
crystals  of  hornblend,  are  seen  strewed  about  the  surface. 

Sect.  Ill, — Of  the  Ozark  Mountains. 

Leaving  the  newest  floetz  trap  rocks  about  the  sources 
of  the  Canadian,  and  returning  eastward  along  the  great 
woodless  plain  between  the  Arkansa  and  Red  rivers,  we 
find  an  extensive  tract  occupied  exclusively  by  the  red  sand- 
stone of  the  salt  formation.  The  red  and  somewhat  argil- 
laceous soil,  which  results  from  its  disintegration,  is  far  more 
fertile  than  that  of  the  gravelly  plains  of  tlie  Platte,  being 
often  covered  with  a  luxuriant  growth  of  grasses,  and  af- 
fording pasturage  to  great  numbers  of  herbivorous  animals. 

About  one  hundred  and  fifty  miles  west  from  the  conflu- 
ence of  the  Arkansa  and  Canadian,  this  red  sand-rock  dis- 
appears, being  succeeded  or  perhaps  overlaid,  by  an  exten- 
sive coal  formation.  The  argillaceous  sandstone  of  this  for- 
mation assumes  variovis  characters,  at  different  points.  The 
Falls  of  the  Canadian,  particularly  described  in  our  narrative, 
are  occasioned  by  a  small  ridge  of  fine  argillaceous  sandstone 
of  a  deep  green  colour,  crossing  the  bed  of  the  river  ob- 
liquely. The  coal-[)eds  in  this  regionare  of  great  thickness, 
and  are  apparently  extensive  and  numerous.  This  formation 
appears  in  a  great  measure  unconnected  with  the  coal  strata 


Rocky  Mountains.  409 

along  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  the  sandstones 
of  the  two  districts  are  often  remarkably  dissimilar.  For 
these  reasons,  we  have  been  induced  to  consider  this  as  be- 
longing to  the  group  of  the  O/.ark  mountains.  I'hese  we 
shall  now  proceed  to  describe,  according  to  the  information 
in  our  possession. 

From  an  inspection  of  the  map  annexed  to  this  volume,  it 
will  be  perc«^ived,  that  the  Missouri  below  the  mouth  of  the 
Konzas  is  considerably  inflected  to  the  east,  to  pass  round 
the  end  of  a  range  of  hills,  rising  in  the  angle  between  this 
river  and  the  Mis-issippi.  This  range  increases  in  eleva- 
tion for  some  distance  to  the  southwest,  its  highest  point 
being  in  the  region  near  the  sources  of  White  and  Osage 
rivers,  the  two  most  considerable  streams  originating  in  these 
mountains.  Farther  to  the  southwest,  losing  a  part  of  its  ele- 
vation, it  is  traversed  in  succession  by  the  Arkansa  and  Red 
rivers  from  the  west,  and  gives  origin  to  the  Washita,  the 
Sabine,  and  some  other  rivers  of  secondary  magnitude. 
Our  acquaintance;  with  the  country  between  Red  river  and 
the  Rio  del  Norte,  is  too  imperfect  to  enable  us  to  trace 
particularly  the  continuation  of  the  Ozark  mountains,  which 
is  believed  to  extend  to  that  river,  and  to  have  some  con- 
nexion with  its  great  southern  bend  below  the  confluence  of 
the  Rio  Conchos.  We  therefore  confine  our  attention  to  the 
portion  northeast  of  Red  river. 

Though  no  point  of  great  elevation  occurs  in  any  part  of 
the  range,  the  whole  is  truly  a  mountainous  region,  and  well 
entitled  to  a  distinctive  appellation.  Its  parallelism  in  general 
direction,  to  the  Atlantic  coast,  and  to  the  great  chain  of  the 
Allckjhanies,  together  with  the  character  and  inclination  of  its 
Component  strata,  aflbrd  unequivocal  evidence  that  it  be- 
longs to  a  system,  independent  of  the  Rocky  Mountains.  In 
several  particulars,  a  striking  resemblance  is  manifest  be- 
tween this  range  and  the  Alleghanies,  and  in  some,  as  we 
shall  notice  hereafter,  as  strong  a  dissimilaiity. 

Near  the  western  limits  of  the  Coal  Formation,  which  are 
also  the  limits  ot  the  mountainous  country  on  the  Canadian 
and  Arkansa,  compact  limestone  occurs  for  the  first  time, 
(as  far  as  our  acquaintance  extends;  on  this  side  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  This  formation  of  limestone,  and  the  accom- 
panying strata  of  argillaceous  sandstone,  though  they  do  not 
perhaps  always  strictly  coincide  in  position,  may  be  traced 
far  to  the  north,  and  these  we  consider  as  marking  the  west- 
ern limits  of  the  Ozark  mountains.  It  is  to  be  remarked, 
VOL.  II.  5^z 


410  Expedition  to  the 

that  in  these  observations  we  do  not  intend  to  apply  this 
name  with  strict  geographical  precision  to  those  portions  on- 
ly, which  are  sufficiently  elevated  to  be  called  mountains,  but 
so  far  to  extend  its  signification,  as  to  include  not  only  the 
high  and  broken  ridges,  but  several  less  elevated  tracts,  pos- 
sessing the  same  peculiar  mineralogical  features. 

The  few  facts  and  observations  we  have  it  in  our  power  to 
contribute  towards  an  account  of  this  interesting  range,  were 
collected  during  a  pedestrian  excursion  from  Bainbridge  on 
the  Mississippi,  through  the  country  of  the  lead  mines  at  the 
sources  of  the  Meiameg  and  St.  Francis,  and  a  journey  from 
Belle  Point,  by  the  way  of  the  Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita, 
and  the  upper  settlements  of  White  river,  to  Cape  Girar- 
deau. For  some  important  facts  we  are  indebted  to  Major 
Long's  unpublished  journals  of  tours  in  various  parts  of  the 
region  in  question,  and  to  Mr.  Nuttall's  *'  Travels  into  the 
Arkansa  territory." 

1. — Carboniferous  limestone.* 

We  commence  with  the  consideration  of  this  stratum,  as  it  is 
one  of  irequent  occurrence,  and  perhaps  occupies  a  greater 
extent  of  surface  than  any  other.  It  so  frequently  alternates 
with  the  micaceous  sandstones,  and  with  the  peculiar  flint  rock 
of  this  district,  that  we  have  never  been  able  to  devise  any 
theory  of  arrangement  applicable  to  more  than  an  inconside- 
able  extent  of  territory. 

A.  few  miles  west  of  the  rapids  of  the  Canadian,  a  thin 
stratum  of  compact  limestone  of  the  common  blue  variety, 
and  abounding  in  organic  remains,  overlays  the  argillaceous 
sandstone  of  the  coal  formation.  This  limestone  becomes 
more  abundant  towards  the  south,  and  is  the  prevailing  rock 
in  the  country  about  Red  river,  near  the  mouth  of  the  Ki- 
ameshu.f 

*  Couybeare  and  Phillips  apply  this  name  to  the  limestone  of  the  En- 
glish coal  measures,  [p.  340.  pi.  1.].  Compact  limestone  is  a  name  obviously 
inapplicable  to  the  whole  series  of  calcareous  beds,  occurring  in  connex- 
ion with  the  coal. 

f  The  valley  of  Red  river  abounds  in  limestone,  often  containing  shells 
of  oysters  and  olher  rnoiuscous  anmials  in  a  state  of  petrifaction.  Similar 
shells  are  also  seen  detached,  scattered  in  profusion  over  the  surface  of 
the  ground,  retaiuiug  their  ori;;;inal  form  entire.  On  the  Arkansa  the 
rocks  are  generally  sanastone,  no  limestone  being  to  be  found,  except  on 
the  Illinois,  Grand,  and  Canadian  rivers. 

Maj.  Long's  Ms.  Journal. 

Among  the  shells  found  about  Bed  river,  is  one  v^hich  approaches  near- 
est to  the  variety  of  the  Gryphaea  dilalata  of  Sowerby,  p.  149.  fig.  2,  but  the 


Rocky  Mountains.  411 

At  Cape  Girardeau,  in  the  country  a  few  nriiles  in  the  rear 
of  Herculaneum  and  St.  cienevieve,  and  in  many  places 
throughout  the  district  of  the  lead  mines,  a  coarse  crystaUme 
limestone  of  a  light  gray  colour,  occurs,  and  is  usually  the 
lowest  rock  visible  in  those  places.  It  is  very  indistinctly 
stratified,  and  has  in  many  respects  a  manifest  resemblance 
to  the  more  crystalline  varieties  of  primitive  limestone.  For 
such  it  appears  to  have  been  mistaken  by  Mr.  Schoolcraft, 
who,  in  his  work  on  the  lead  mines  asserts,  that  the  "  mineral 
soil  at  Mine  a  Burton,  and  the  numerous  mines  in  its  vici- 
nity reposes  on  primitive  limestone,"  p.  108.  Afterwards,  at  p. 
liy,  speaking  of  this  primitive  limestone,  he  says,  "  on  go- 
ing deeper,  the  rock  again  graduated  into  a  compact  lime- 
stone, very  hard,  and  of  a  bluish-gray  colour,  in  which  were 
frequently  found  small  cavities  studded  over  with  minute 
pyramids  of  limpid  quartz;"  and  again,  at  the  page  first  re- 
ferred to,  he  informs  us,  "  the  pnrmtive  limeatone  passes 
into  transition  and  secondary  in  various  places  on  the  banks 
of  the  Mississippi,  between  Cape  Girardeau  and  St.  Louis." 
We  adduce  these  statements  as  confirming  our  own  obser- 
vation of  the  alternation  of  the  crystalline  or  sparry  limestone 
with  the  compact  blue  variety. 

We  have  never  met  with  limestone  about  the  Lead  Mines 
which  did  not  contain  organic  remains,  and  the  white  crys- 
talline  variety  abounds  particularly    in  casts  of  encrinites, 

lobe  is  far  less  distinct,  and  the  shell  is  far  more  narrowed  towards  the 
hinge,  and  is  somewhat  less  dilated,  and  much  more  like  an  ostrea.  It 
may  be  called  G.  corrugata;  small  valve  flat,  and  very  much  wrinkled,  and 
like  the  other,  narrowed  near  the  hinge;  the  beak  is  short,  and  curved  up- 
wards and  laterally,  and  the  sulcus  is  very  distinct.  Length  and  greatest 
breadth  of  the  small  valve  nearly  equal,  from  1  1-2  inches  to  2  inches; 
found  by  Mr.  Nuttall  on  Red  river.  It  is  in  a  very  perfect  state  of  pre- 
servation. 

Mr.  Nuttall  brought  also  from  Red  river,  a  species  of  ostrea,  which  to 
the  eye  appears  hardly  changed.  The  anterior  portions  of  the  specimens 
are  wanting,  but  the  greatest  breadth  of  the  remaining  portion  of  the  lar- 
gest one  is  nearly  three  inches.  The  hinge  fosse  in  this  species  is  propor- 
tionally much  more  contracted  and  smaller  in  every  respect,  than  any 
other  species  of  the  genus  we  have  seen.  That  of  the  specimen  above 
mentioned,  is  less  than  1-2  an  inch.  The  specimens  were  evidently  those 
of  old  shells  being  much  thickened. 

Another  species  of  ostrea,  a  hinge  fragment  of  an  old  and  thickened  in- 
dividual, which  appears  to  have  been  long  and  narrow;  the  hinge  fosse  it- 
self is  long  and  wide. 

Length  of  the  hinge  more  than  3  inches,  greatest  width,  do.  1  inch. 

Sat 


412  Expedition  to  the 

though  these  are  not  always  manifest  without  careful  exami- 
nation.* 

This  limestone,  though  rather  indistinctly  stratified,  is 
marked  by  horizontal  seams,  distant  one  or  two  ftet,  and 
sometimes  more,  from  each  other.  Its  exposed  surfaces  be- 
come somewhat  bleached,  and  rough  with  small  prominen- 
ces, in  which  we  may  often  distinctly  trace  the  forms  of  ani- 
mal remains.  The  recent  fracture  is  uneven,  distinctly  crys- 
talline, and  much  like  that  of  many  moderately  fine  grained 
granites.  Careful  examination  shows,  that,  in  many  instances, 
the  most  minute  particles  visible  under  a  lens,  have  assumed 
the  rhombic  form  common  to  the  carbonate  of  lime.  These 
crystalline  particles  vary  greatly  in  size,  and  are  sometimes 
half  an  inch  across.  In  the  interior  of  the  casts  of  animal  re- 
mains they  are  sometimes  less  distinct  than  in  parts  of  the 
rock  where  no  such  remains  are  discovered. 

These  vast  beds  of  sparry  limestone  consisting  almost  ex- 
clusively of  deposites  from  chemical  solution,  would  seem  to 
have  been  formed  during  periods  when  great  tranquillity 
prevailed  in  the  waters  of  the  primeval  ocean,  and  tht-ir  al- 
ternation with  limestones  of  the  common  earthy  variety,  and 
with  sandstones  embracing  fragments  rounded  by  attrition, 
may  be  considered  as  proofs  that  those  periods,  whatever 
may  have  been  their  distinguishing  peculiarities,  alternated 
with  other  periods  of  a  different  character.* 

This  variety  of  limestone,  is  perhaps  the  lowest  rock  hi- 
therto noticed,  in  the  country  of  the  Lead  Mines,  and  it  may, 
according  to  the  suggestion  of  Mr.  Schoolcraft,  be  consi- 
dered as  the  basis  rock  in  that  district;  but  as  it  appears  to 
pass  through  every  intermediate  variety  into  the  compact 
blue  limestone,  we  have  hesitated  to  separate  it  from  that 
rock,  which  often  overlays  the  newest  sandstones.  If  this 
view  of  the  subject  be  admitted,  it  results,  that  we  are  to 
consider  the  whole  of  that  part  of  the  Ozark  mountains, 
which  contains  the  Lead  Mines,  as  belonging  to  a  coal  for- 
mation.!   We  have  met  with  no  primitive  rocks  in  this  range 

•  The  limestone  of  the  Engrlish  coal  formation  is  observed  to  he  rendered 
highly  cryata/line,  and  unjitjor  lime,  when  in  theviriniti/ o/trap  rock-s.^  It 
is  not  improbable  that  future  inquiries  may  detect  rocks  of  this  character 
among  the  carboniferous  limestones  ot  the  Ozark  mountains. 

■f  The  principal  supply  of  lead  used  in  England,  is  derived  from  the 
rocks  of  the  carboniferous  series,  they  also  afford  some  zinc  and  copper, 
but  in  smaller  proportion  than  the  rocks  of  the  transition  and  primitive 
\  CoDjbeare  and  Fhillipps.  p.  44d. 


Rocky  Mountains.  413 

north  of  the  Arkansa  Mr.  Schoolcraft  informs  us  that 
granite,  gneiss,  and  mica  slate,  exist  in  Missouri,  but  has 
omiited  to  point  out  the  particular  localities.* 

At  St.  Louis,  Cote  Sans  Dcssein,  Isle  a  Loutre,  and  at 
many  points  on  the  Missouri,  the  limestone  partakes  of  the 
character  of  lioth  the  varieties  above  described  but  is  rare- 
ly if  ever  so  exclusively  crystalline,  as  in  the  Lead  Mine 
district.  Most  of  the  limestones  that  occur  immediately  on 
the  banks  of  the  Missouri,  between  Franklin  and  Council 
Bluff,  are  crystalline,  and  often  of  a  yellowish  or  reddish 
white  colour.f 

The  horizontal  limestone,  near  the  mouth  of  the  Ohio,  is 
of  a  bluish  gray  colour,  of  a  compact  or  fine  granular  struc- 
ture, and  contains  some  metallic  ores,  sometimes  occurring 
in  veins,  which  contain  beautifully  crystallized  fluat  of  lime. 
Near  some  of  these  localities  of  fluat  of  lime,  we  have  ob- 
served the  rock  itself  to  contain  small  and  apparently  water- 
worn  masses  of  hornstone,  and  some  fragments  of  a  perfect- 
ly white  gi annular  limestone. 

IL — Petrosilex. 

In  the  vicinity  of  Bainbridge,  ten  miles  above  Cape 
Girardeau,  is  a  stratified  gray  flint  rock,  having  an  as- 
pect and  fracture  very  similar  to  the  common  gun  flint. 
This  rock  is  here  an  extensive  stratum,  and  occurs  in  con- 
nexion with  compact  limestone.  In  tracing  it  towards  the 
southwest,  we  have  not  been  able  to  detect  the  slightest  in- 
terruption to  its  continuity,  through  an  extent  of  more  than 
two  hundred  miles,  along  the  central  portion  of  the  moun- 
tamous  district.  Towards  the  southwest  it  is  found  to  acquire 
gradually  a  more  and  more  primitive  character,  and  losing 
near  the  Chattahooche  mountain  the  accompanying  stratum 
of  compact  limestone,  it  appears  near  the  Hot  Springs  of  the 
Washita,  associated  with  the  highly  inclined  argillite  of  that 
district.  This  rock  has  not,  within  the  compass  of  our  obser- 
vation been  found  to  exhibit  traces  of  organic  remains.  Its 
colour  seems  gradually  to  change  according  to  its  age,  or  at 
least,  with  the  apparent  age  of  the  rocks,  associated  with  it. 
South  of  the  Arkansa,  it  is  of  a  yellowish  or  pearly  white  col- 
series.  Conybeare  and  Phillipps,  pp.  335,351.  The  celebrated  copper 
mine  of  Ecton  in  Staffordshire,  is  situated  in  the  limestone  of  the  coal  for- 
mation. Ibid.  p.  350. 

*  Views  of  the  Lead  Mines,  p.  92. 
t  Jessup-8  Report. 


414  Expedition  to  the 

our,  about  White  river  it  is  a  dirty  yellow;  and  at  the  St.  Fran- 
cis, a  2;rayish  brown.  A  corresponding  change  may  also  be 
noticed  in  the  inclination  of  the  strata,  and  in  other  par- 
ticulars. Aside  from  this  apparently  intimate  connexion, 
there  is  a  particular  resemblance  between  the  petrosilex  of 
the  Washita  and  the  flint  rock  of  the  Lead  Mine  district. 
The  rock  in  both  instances  falls  readily  into  small  masses  of 
a  few  ounces  weight,  the  hills  based  on  it  are  usually  roun- 
ded, and  often  bear  open  forests  of  pine,  while  the  timber 
most  frequent  on  the  sandstone  hills  is  usually  oak. 

Open  woods  of  pine  and  oak  occur  in  almost  all  the  up- 
lands in  the  Ozark  mountains,  and  are  considered  unfailing 
indications  of  a  meagre  and  flinty  soil.  This  flinty  stratum 
is  extensiv"ely  distributed,  and  deserves  the  particular  atten- 
tion of  such  as  may  hereafter  visit  the  interesting  region  in 
which  it  occurs.  Our  limited  observations  have  induced  us 
to  assign  it  a  place,  next  above  the  limestones  of  the  coal 
series,  where  these  are  found,  but  we  were  disappointed  in 
not  being  able  to  trace  the  outcrop  of  any  stratum,  cutting  it 
off  from  the  more  ancient  petrosilex  of  the  Washita. 

III. — Argillaceous  Sandstone. 

The  sandstones  of  this  small  group  of  mountains,  appear 
under  almost  every  variety  of  character,  but  in  most  of  them, 
as  far  as  hitherto  examined,  we  discover  traces  of  coal,  or  of 
those  minerals,  and  those  impressions  of  vegetables,  which 
usually  accompany  it.  In  the  inclined  sandstone  near  the 
Hot  Springs,  there  are,  it  is  true,  no  indications  of  coal,  and 
that  rock  is,  in  every  respect,  similar  to  what  are  called  the 
transition  sandstones,  of  the  Alleghany  and  Catskill  moun- 
tains; but  by  following  it  an  inconsiderable  distance,  either 
east  or  west,  it  is  found  passing  imperceptibly  into  the  coal 
strata  of  the  Poteau,  and  of  the  Little  Red  river  of  White 
river.  In  this  instance,  as  in  that  of  the  stratum  last  men- 
tioned, we  find  a  rock  apparently  possessing  as  much  unity 
as  can  belong  to  such  a  subject,  passing  from  recent  secon- 
dary through  all  the  intermediate  grades  to  the  oldest 
transition^  and  thus  demonstrating  the  fallacy  of  the  doctrines 
of  the  original  continuity  and  systematic  succession  of  strata. 
A  conspicuous  character  in  the  sandstones,  about  the  cen- 
tral and  western  portions  of  the  region  under  consideration, 
is  the  great  proportion  of  mica,  in  large  scales,  which  enters 
into  their  composition.  Fragments  of  the  sand-rock,  about  the 


Rocky  Mountains,  4J5 

mouth  of  the  Poteau,  might  be  mistaken  for  mica  slate.  This 
mica  is  rarely,  if  ever,  of  that  dark  coloured  variety,  which 
prevails  in  the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  in  the  other  materials 
of  these  aggregates,  we  discover  a  manifest  want  of  resem- 
blance to  those  mountains.  A  very  slight  comparison  of 
the  secondary  formations,  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, with  the  corresponding  aggregates  in  the  Ozark  range, 
will  be  sufficient  to  conv  ince  any  one,  that  if  they  have  resulted 
from  the  wearing  down  of  primitive  mountains,  those  moun- 
tains were  very  dissimilar  in  character. 

We  might  have  remarked,  when  speaking  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  the  absence  of  any  formation  of  taltose  rocks, 
and  indeed  of  magnesian  fossils  of  any  kind,  and  a  corres- 
ponding deficiency  of  talcose  and  chloritic  sandstones,  among 
the  secondary  rocks  at  the  base  of  that  range.  We  no  sooner 
arrive  at  the  western  margin  of  the  secondary,  belonging  to 
the  Ozark  mountains,  than  we  observe  extensive  beds  of 
sandstone,  in  which  the  prevalence  of  magnesia  forms  a  con- 
spicuous character.  The  beautiful  green  argillaceous  sand- 
stone, at  the  rapids  of  the  Canadian,  has  been  already  de- 
scribed, and  similar  beds  are  not  uncommon  in  many  places 
in  the  vicinity  of  extensive  coal  strata. 

Another  peculiar  variety  of  sandstone,  occurs  in  connex- 
ion with  the  sulphuret  of  lead,  at  the  Old  Mines  of  St.  Mi- 
chael and  at  many  places  thereabouts.  This  bears  apparently 
the  same  relation  to  the  common  sandstones,  as  the  crystal- 
line limestone  above  mentioned,  does  to  the  earthy  varieties, 
and  it  alternates  with,  and  passes  into  the  common  rock,  in  a 
similar  manner.  Its  particles  are  crystalline,  and  appear  to 
remain  undisturbed  in  the  position  in  which  they  were  ori- 
ginally deposited  from  solution  in  water.  Nevertheless,  the 
aggregate  is  manifestly  secondary,  and  embraces,  like  other 
secondary  rocks,  the  relics  of  many  animals  and  plants. 

We  find  also  about  the  lead  mines,  a  sandstone  like  that 
near  Hunt-house  in  Godeland,*  consisting  of  small  glimmer- 
ing grains  of  transparent  quartz,  and  so  loosely  cemented  as 
to  disintegrate  rapidly,  forming  a  light  gray  sand.  In  this 
variety,  we  have  sometimes  observed  the  lead  ore,  either 
disseminated  or  forming  horizontal  veins  between  the  lami- 
nse  of  sandstone.  An  examination  of  some  spots  might  lead 
to  the  conclusion,  that  the  soil  in  which  most  of  the  lead  has 

*  Tillocli's  Philos.  Mag-,  vol.  li.  p.  210. 


416  Expedition  to  the 

hitherto  been  found,  has  resulted  from  the  disintegration  of  a 
sandstone  of  this  kind. 

Sandstone,  though  often  covered  at  the  surface  by  compact 
limestone,  or  some  other  rock,  is  probably  the  stratum  which 
occurs  in  greatest  quantity,  throughout  every  part  of  this 
range  of  mountains.  It  is  the  prevailing  rock,  in  all  the  coun- 
try between,  the  Arkansa  and  Red  rivers,  from  the  confluence 
of  the  Mamelle  westward,  rising  to  the  height  of  two  or 
three  thousand  feet,  to  form  the  summits  of  the  Cavanid, 
Sugar  loaf,  and  Mt.  Cerne  and  to  a  less  considerable  ele- 
vation,, at  the  Mamelle,  Magazin,  Castete  and  Short  moun- 
tains. 

North  of  the  Arkansa,  it  forms  the  body  of  the  Chatta- 
hooche  mountain,  and  of  many  nameless  elevations,  which 
diversify  the  sujface  from  the  sources  of  the  Little  Red  river 
to  the  Mississippi.  Beds  of  coarse  conglomerate  or  pudding- 
stone,  are  met  with  in  many  places,  but  these  are  particular- 
ly frequent  in  connexion  with  the  inclined  sandstones  about 
the  Washita. 

IV. — Native  Argil? 

Nine  miles  west  of  Bainbridge,  on  the  road  to  Jackson, 
and  on  the  right  bank  of  the  Mississippi,  near  the  head  of 
Tiawapeti  bottom,  also  in  various  other  places  in  this  vici- 
nity, are  extensive  beds  of  perfectly  white  substance  (ap- 
parently argil),  of  about  the  hardness  of  common  chalk,  for 
which  it  has  often  been  mistaken.* 

*  See  "  Schoolcraft's  Catalogue  of  Western  Minerals,"  art.  i,  p   279. 

A  very  exteosive  bed  oi  native  argil  occurs  on  the  right  bank  of  the 
Mississippi,  commencing'  near  the  head  of  Tiawapeti  bottom,  at  the  Little 
Chain,  about  forty  miles  above  the  junction  of  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi, 
and  extending,  with  very  little  interruption,  near  six  miles  above  the 
Grand  Tower,  a  distance  of  thirty-four  miles.  Beyond  these  limits,  I  have 
not  observed  it.  Its  colour  is  snow  white;  structure,  fine  pulverulent;  frac- 
ture, dull  earthy.  It  is  amorphous,  and  adheres  to  the  tongue.  It  does  not 
elfervesce  with  acids,  even  in  the  slightest  degree.  The  bed  of  argil  re- 
poses on  horizontal  strata  of  silicious  sandstone,  and  shell  limestone 
occurs  near  it.  In  the  vein  of  argil,  nodules  and  veins  of  flint  aie  arranged, 
as  to  make,  with  the  horizon,  an  angle  of  about  fifty  degrees.  The  argil 
has  been  taken  to  iSevv  Orleans,  Pittsburgh,  St.  Louis,  «l!ic.  in  considera- 
ble ciuantiiies,  being  mistaken  for  chalk,  for  which  substance  it  has  been 
used. 

Mr-  Jessup's  MS.  Report. 

Flint. — This  occurs  in  nodules  and  veins,  in  a  bed  of  native  argil,  above 
Tiawapeti  bottom.  Its  colours  are  blaisli  gray,  aud  greenish  black-  It  gives 


Rocky  Mountains,  417 

Specimens  of  the  substance  called  chalk  by  the  inhabitants, 
were  collected  at  several  places  between  cape  Girardeau  and 
Saint  Louis;  also  on  the  north  side  of  the  Missouri,  on  the 
road  from  St.  Louis  to  Franklin.  Some  of  these,  which  were 
brought  to  New  York,  have  been  examined  by  my  brother, 
Dr.  J.  James,  and  others,  and  were  found  to  consist  princi- 
pally of  alumina,  none  of  them  occasioning  the  slightest  ef- 
fervescence with  acids. 

This  substance,  whatever  it  is  to  be  considered,  is  distri- 
buted extensively  throughout  the  country  lying  around  the 
confluence  of  the  Missouri  and  Mississippi.  Some  speci- 
mens have  been  sent  from  Illinois  to  the  Lyceum  of  Natural 
History  at  Troy,  where  they  are  spoken  of  as  a  "  lithogra- 
phic carbonate  of  lime;"  but  whether  any  experiments  have 
been  made  to  ascertain  their  real  character,  we  have  not 
been  informed.  We  have  not,  from  our  own  observation, 
found  occasion  to  confirm  the  statement,  that  nodules  of  flint 
are  found  imbedded  in  this  substance,  but  we  have  common- 
ly found  it  accompanied  by  the  flint  rock,  already  described, 
which  has  in  many  respects  a  manifest  resemblance  to  the 
flints  occurring  in  chalk  formations.  We  have  sought  in 
vain  for  the  remains  of  echini  and  other  animals,  so  com- 
mon in  chalk  beds. 

It  must  remain  for  those  who  shall  hereafter  investigate 
the  geology  of  the  Ozark  mountains,  to  assign  the  place,  and 
more  satisfactorily  to  ascertain  the  character  of  this  peculiar 
formation.  It  may  possibly  be  found  to  occupy  a  position 
analogous  to  that  of  the  chalk  formations  of  England  and 
France,  its  magnitude  and  extensive  distribution  entitle  it  to 
consideration  as  a  distinct  stratum.  '* 

We  now  return  to  the  limited  formations  below  the  car- 
boniferous limestones.  These  occur  principally  in  the  south- 
ern section  of  the  Ozark  mountains. 

V. — Inclined  Sandstone. 

This  is  first  in  order,  below  the  coal  series,  but  seems  so 

fire  with  steel;  the  fracture  is  conchoidal,  and  the  edges  are  translucent. 
The  veins  of  flint  dip  to  the  southeast. — Ihid. 

Imbedded  in  the  chalk  of  Cape  Girardeau,  are  occasionally  found  no- 
dules of  flint,  which  are  enveloped  by  a  hard  crust  of  calcareous  carbonate, 
arranged  in  concentric  layers.  Its  colour  is  grayish  black;  breaks  with  a 
perfectly  conchoidal  fracture;  is  transparent  on  the  edges,  and  readily 
gives  fire  with  the  steel. 

SchoolcrafVs  yiew  of  the  Lead  JUines,  p.  180. 

We  have  yet  no  satisfactory  information  of  the  existence  of  chalk,  IrB- 
yondthe  limits  of  Europe — Conybeare  and  JPhillipps,  p-  67,  part  l. 
VOL.  II.  53 


418  lixpedition  to  the 

intimately  connected  with  the  rocks  of  that  series,  as  scarce 
to  require  separate  consideration. 

VI. — Argillite. 

Of  the  older  secondary  rocks,  we  have  observed  in  the 
Ozark  mountains,  only  the  inclined  sandstones  and  conglo- 
merates above  mentioned,  and  a  limited  formation  of  argil- 
lite,  extending  a  few  miles  around  the  Hot  springs  of  Wash- 
ita, and  re-appearing  on  the  Arkansa,  at  and  above  the  town 
of  Little  Rock,  being  usually  accompanied  by  vast  beds  of 
Petrosilex.  This  latter  ought  perhaps  to  be  considered  a 
distinct  stratum — but  south  of  the  Arkansa,  we  have  not 
been  able  to  trace  it,  uninterrupted  for  any  great  distance. 

Mr.  Nuttall,  in  his  valuable  Journal  of  Travels  into  the 
Arkansa  Territory,  mentions  grayxvacke  slate  as  occurring 
along  the  Arkans  .  river,  near  Little  Rock,  (p.  105.)  Wc 
have  observed  none  there,  in  any  considerable  degree  similar 
to  the  graywacke  slate  of  the  transition  mountains  of  New 
York,  or  even  to  that  of  the  Alleghanies.  We  are  aware, 
however,  that  some  of  the  aggregates  which  we  call  sand- 
stones, have  all  the  characters  attributed  to  graywacke  slates. 
"  Grayxvacke  is  a  complete  sandstone,^''*  and,  in  a  district 
where  both  are  so  intimately  blended  as  in  that  we  are  con- 
sidering, perhaps  it  is  unnecessary  to  attempt  any  distinction 
between  them;  or  we  may  persevere  in  the  use  of  the  two 
names,  at  the  same  time  acknowledging  they  are  both  ap- 
plied to  the  same  stratum, f 

The  Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita  issue  from  clay  slate,  and 
if  we  may  judge  from  the  inclination  of  the  laminee,  and  the 
distance  at  the  surface  from  the  granite  of  the  Cove,  we  may 
conclude  that  a  very  large  mass  of  clay  slate  is  interposed  be- 
tween the  surface  of  the  granite  and  the  point  at  which  the 
springs  rise.  This,  however,  it  is  not  possible  to  ascertain. 
The  hottest  springs  on  the  globe,  rise  from  beneath  or  with- 
in the  granite.,:):  and  it  is  not  improbable  this  rock  may  ap- 
proach near  the  surface,  at  many  points  in  the  Ozark  moun- 
tains, where  it  has  not  yet  been  uncovered. 

The  clay  slate  about  the  Hot  Springs  is  highly  inclined, 
often  a  good  deal  flinty  in  its  composition;  and,  as  far  as  we 

*  Jamiesou  in  the  Edinburgh  Encyclopedia,  Art.  Mineralogy. 

I  Humboldt  considers  transition  schist  as  the  basis  of  the  graywacke  in 
Spain.  See  Pers.  Nar.  vol.  i,  p.  47,  American  ed. 

I  Humboldt's  Personal  Narrative,  vol.  iv-  p.  171, 195;  vol.  v,  p.  553- 


Rocky  Mountains,  419 

have  observed,  contains  no  remains  of  animals  or  plants-  It 
is  traversed  by  large  upright  veins,  filled  usually  with  white 
quartz,  contrasting  strongly  with  the  dark  blue  of  the  slate- 
stone.  The  elevation  of  the  "  Hot  Spring  Mountain,"  is  es* 
timated  by  Hunter  and  Dunbar,  at  three  hundred  feet  above 
the  surface  of  the  creek  at  the  springs.  This  point  is  proba- 
bly twenty  or  thirty  feet  above  the  Washita  at  Keisler's. 
North  of  the  springs,  the  slate  rocks  rise  to  more  considera- 
ble elevation,  but  it  is  not  probable  that,  at  any  point,  they 
rise  more  than  one  thousand  feet  above  the  Mississippi. 

The  high  lands  between  the  Washita  and  Red  river,  are 
occupied  principally  by  sandstone;  the  clay  slate  appearing 
to  extend  in  a  narrow  line,  from  northeast  to  southwest, 
which,  as  far  as  we  have  observed,  is  the  direction  of  its 
strata — these,  when  they  are  not  perpendicular,  usually  dip- 
ping to  the  northwest. 

The  country  about  the  sources  of  the  Washita,  is  repre- 
sented as  affording  many  interesting  minerals,  among  which 
are  enumerated  "  martial  pyrites,  large  bodies  of  crystallized 
spar,  and  hexagonal  prisms,  which  are  known  to  contain  no 
small  portion  of  the  precious  metals."*  If  the  clay  slate  in 
any  part  of  this  mountainous  region  should  be  found  to  be 
accompanied  by  its  usual  attendant,  the  metalliferous  lime- 
stone, we  should  be  more  ready  to  credit  the  accounts  of  the 
existence  of  the  precious  metals  in  that  quarter,  as  at  least 
some  of  the  valuable  mines  in  America,  occur  in  that  stra- 
tum.f  As  yet,  we  have  no  satisfactory  accounts  of  the  oc- 
currence of  that  limestone,  or  any  of  the  precious  metals  in 
that  part  of  the  United  States. 

VII. — Granite. 

About  fifteen  miles  southeast  from  the  Hot  Springs,  near 
the  Washita,  granite  is  found  in  situ.  It  forms  the  base, 
and,  as  far  as  we  could  discover,  the  entire  mass  of  a  small 
hill,  but  little  elevated  above  the  level  of  the  river.  We  found 
it  emerging  from  beneath  the  soil  at  several  parts,  of  an  area 
of  two  or  three  hundred  acres,  but  had  not  an  opportunity 
to  trace  it  to  any  great  distance,  nor  to  observe  its  connexion 

*  Stoddart's  Louisiana,  page  391. 

f  Eaton's  Index  to  the  Geology  of  tlie  ?s"urtliern  States,  page  185,  second 
edition.  The  most  celebrated  mines  of  Mexico  and  Peru,  ->re  fcind  in  the 
primitive  and  transition  schist  in  the  trap  porphyries,  the  graywackc,  and 
the  alpine  or  metalliferous  limestone.  See  Humboldt's  Pers.  Nar.  vol.  iii., 
p.  525,  and  Neif  Spain,  vol.  ii,  p.  49  1. 


420  Expedition  to  the 

with  any  other  rock.  The  extent  of  surface  which  it  covers, 
we  believe,  cannot  be  very  great.  This  granite  is  very  soft, 
and  disintegrates  rapidly  when  exposed  to  the  air.  Grayish 
white  quartz,  yellowish  white  feldspar,  and  an  unusually 
lar^e  proportion  of  mica,  in  variously  and  brilliantly  coloured 
masses,  enter  into  its  composition.  These  large  laminee  of 
mica  are  white,  pearl  coloured,  yellow,  brown,  green,  and 
often  black;  and  in  some  instances  so  large  and  numerous,  as 
to  exceed  in  proportion  the  other  ingredients  of  the  aggre- 
gate. Talc  also  enters  in  large  proportion  into  the  compo- 
sition of  this  granite.  It  is  indeed  sometimes  so  abundant, 
as  to  occasion  a  doubt  whether  the  whole  should  not  be  con- 
sidered a  bed  of  ]talc,  rather  than  granite.  This  talc  is  in  ta- 
bular masses,  two  or  three  inches  in  diameter,  and  about 
half  an  inch  in  thickness.  Zeolite  is  also  so  abundant  as  to 
seem  to  take  the  place  of  the  other  materials  of  the  granite. 
It  is  of  two  varieties,  radiated  and  mealy.  Stilbite  occurs  in 
connexion  with  zeolite.  The  bed  of  one  of  the  small  streams, 
which  traverses  this  formation  of  granite,  is  paved  with 
small  crystals  and  beautiful  tourmalines — that  of  another, 
with  native  magnet.  Sulphuret  of  iron  is  disseminated  in  the 
granite.  Several  of  the  appearances  presented  by  this  inter- 
esting mass  of  granite,  would  seem  to  countenance  the  opi- 
nion that  it  is  of  secondary  origin,  like  that  mentioned  by 
Saussure,  as  existing  near  the  valley  of  Valorsine,  at  Semur 
in  Auxois,  and  at  the  city  of  Lyons.  In  speaking  of  the  gra- 
nite at  these  places,  he  says,  "  It  could  not  be  doubted  on 
seeing  these  heaps  of  large  crystals,  that  they  are  the  pro- 
duce of  the  rain  waters,  which,  passing  through  the  granite, 
have  dissolved  and  carried  down  these  different  elements, 
and  have  deposited  them  in  these  wide  crevices,  where  they 
"have  formed  new  rocks  of  the  same  kind.  The  crystals  of 
these  new  granites  are  larger  than  those  of  the  ancient,  on 
account  of  the  repose  which  the  waters  enjoyed  in  the  inside 
of  these  reservoirs." 

The  granite  of  the  Washita,  if  it  is  to  be  considered  as  of 
secondary  formation,  appears  to  be  much  more  extensive 
than  any  of  the  kind  hitherto  known.  Many  more  particu- 
lars must  however  be  ascertained,  before  this  question  can 
be  settled.  We  are  ignorant  of  the  manner  of  its  connexion 
with  any  other  rock,  nor  do  we  know  of  any  formation  of 
primitive  granite,  from  which  it  could,  by  the  action  of  wa- 
ter, have  been  derived.  One  can  have  no  hesitation,  how- 
ever, in  considering  the   Ozark  mountains  a  separate  sys' 


Rocky  Mountains.  421 

tem  within  themselves,  having  no  connexion  with  the  Alle- 
ghanies  or  Rocky  Mountains.  The  sandstones  which  lie 
about  these  mountains,  abound  much  more  in  mica  than  those 
near  the  Rocky  Mountains,  nearly  in  the  same  proportion,  as 
the  granite  of  the  latter  has  less  than  what  is  met  with  in  the 
little  we  have  seen  of  the  former.  The  Ozark  mountains 
exhibit  evidence  of  metallic  riches,  far  exceeding  any  thing 
that  appears  in  the  Rocky  Mountains.  May  not  an  extensive 
range  of  granite,  and  other  primitive  rocks,  have  existed  at 
some  distant  period,  where  the  Ozark  inountains  now  are, 
containing  the  vast  quantities  of  the  ores  of  lead,  iron,  &c. 
now  found  in  rocks  of  recent  secondary  origin,  and  even  in 
alluvial  deposites — and  may  not  the  operations  of  water  dur- 
ing many  ages,  when  an  ocean  rolled  over  the  summits  of 
these  mountains,  have  worn  down  those  primitive  rocks' — 
their  detritus  have  been  deposited  horizontally  upon  their 
submarine  sides  and  summits,  so  that  the  greater  part  of 
their  surfaces  are  now  covered  by  secondary  aggregates? 

Numerous  specimens  of  minerals,  brought  by  Lieutenant 
Graham  and  Dr.  Somerville,  from  the  Upper  Mississippi 
and  the  Illinois  rivers,  and  others  from  that  region,  now  in 
the  possession  of  Dr,  L.  C.  Beck,  of  St.  Louis,  have  a  pe- 
culiar resemblance  to  similar  minerals,  met  with  in  the  Ozark 
mountains  south  of  the  Missouri.  From  these  resemblances, 
and  from  the  corroborating  testimony  of  all  the  accounts  we 
have  received  concerning  that  country  rich  in  mines,  which 
lies  along  the  eastern  side  of  the  upper  Mississippi,  we  have 
been  induced  to  believe  that  a  continuation  of  the  Ozark 
mountains,  or  at  least,  of  a  region  similar  in  mineralogical 
features,  extends  from  the  confluence  of  the  river  Missouri 
northward,  to  the  sources  of  the  Wisconsan,  and  the 
Ontonagon  of  lake  Superior.  North  of  the  Missouri  the 
country  is  very  little  elevated,  but  aside  from  this  it  appears 
to  possess  all  the  peculiar  features  of  the  region  we  have 
been  considering.  The  sandstones,  the  limestones  and  other 
rocks  have  a  striking  resemblance.  Both  regions  abound  in 
the  ores  of  lead,  and  both  afford  copper.*  We  are  aware 
that  the  great  irregularity  in  the  direction  of  the  ridges  ac- 
cessary to  this  range,  and  in  the  dip  and  inclination  of  the 
older  secondary  rocks  belonging  to  it,  may  be  considered  an 
objection  to  our  idea  of  the  connexion  and  continuity  of  the 
different  parts,  and  the  general  direction  of  the  group.     But 

*  Copper  has  been  found  in  Illinois  near  the  sources  of  tlie  Cache  river. 


422  Expedition  to  the 

we  are  by  no  means  anxious  to  maintain  the  position  we  have 
assumed.  Our  examinations  have  been  limited,  and  we  shall 
rejoice  in  any  opportunity  we  may  have  for  correcting  our 
errors,  and  enlarging  our  acquaintance  with  this  interesting 
range  of  country. 

We  subjoin  from  Mr.  Jessup's  report  some  account  of  a 
few  of  the  most  interesting  minerals  hitherto  observed  in 
connexion  with  the  rocks  of  this  district.* 

*  Fluate  of  Lime. — This  mineral  occurs  ia  great  abundaoce,  seventeen 
miles  south  of  Shawaneetown,  Illinois,  on  Peter's  creek,  and  proceeding 
about  thirteen  miles  ia  a  southwest  direction,  it  again  appears  on  and  near 
the  surface  of  th^  ground,  at  the  three  forks  of  the  Grand  Pierre  creek; 
maintaining  the  same  course,  it  breaks  out  in  several  places  for  near  twen- 
ty miles.  This  beautiful  and  useful  species  of  lime,  occurs  at  Peter's  creek 
almost  invariably  in  a  crystallized  form;  the  crystals  are  universally  cubes: 
at  the  three  forks  of  the  Grand  Pierre  creek,  it  occurs  in  masses  of  se- 
veral feet  in  diameter.  Both  the  crystallized  and  massive  varieties,  possess 
almost  all  the  shades  of  color  that  have  been  observed  in  the  European  spe- 
cimens; VIZ.  green,  violet,  blue,  red,  yellow,  white,  black,  and  rose  color- 
ed.— This  mineral  varies  in  transparency,  some  specimens  being  perfect- 
ly limpid,  others  opaque.  Some  of  the  violet,  and  rose  coloured  specimens 
when  recently  fractured  or  pulverized,  yield  a  strong  bituminous  odor, 
this  character  (which  has  never  been  observed  heretofore,  as  belonging 
to  this  species  of  mineral)  is  perceptible  only  in  the  crystallized  speci- 
mens. 

The  vein  of  fluate  of  lime  is  apparently  very  extensive;  very  few  mi- 
nerals have  been  found  associated  with  it,  at  the  above  localities.  I  saw  at 
Peter's  creek  a  few  specimens  of  laminated  calcareous  spar,  and  a  few  of 
sulphuret  of  lead.  Excavations  have  been  made  by  several  gentlemen 
who  reside  in  that  vicinity,  for  lead,  but  no  veins  or  beds  of  this  ore  have 
been  found.  From  examination  of  the  situation  of  those  specimens  which 
I  found,  and  the  general  appearance  of  the  vein  of  fluor  spar,  I  do  not 
think  that  there  is  a  sufficiency  of  lead  ore,  to  reimburse  the  expenses 
that  would  be  necessarily  incurred  in  mining.  The  accompanying  rocks 
of  the  vein  of  spar,  are  compact  limestone,  sandstone,  and  oolite. 

Concreted  Carbonate  of  Lime.  Variety  Oolite. — This  occurs  on  Peter's 
creek,  seventeen  miles  south  of  Shawaneetown  is  associated  with  com- 
pact limestone,  and  sandstone  in  the  gangue  of  the  fluate  of  lime.  It  is 
composed  of  globular  masses,  about  the  size  of  English  mustard  seed, 
which  are  united  by  a  calcareous  cement;  the  nuclei  of  the  globules  are 
detached  leaving  a  small  cavity  in  the  centre  of  each;  its  colour  is  yellow- 
ish white;  fracture  dull. 

Sulphuretted  Hydrogen  Gas. — This  gas  is  very  abundant  in  the  water 
of  many  of  the  springs  and  wells  in  Missouri  territory.  Its  origin  is  proba- 
bly owing  to  the  decomposition  of  sulphuret  of  iron.  Six  miles  west  of 
St.  Louis,  is  a  large  spring  of  water,  stro*ngly  impregnated  with  this  gas; 
its  odor  is  perceptible  to  tlie  distance  of  four  or  five  hundred  yards  from 
the  spring.  It  is  reported  that  the  water  has  proved  beneficial  io  cases  of 
cutaneous  disorders  and  rheumatic  complaints. 

Red  Oxide  of  Iron. — This  occurs  (though  not  very  abundant,)  in  the 
hills  near  Isle  a  Loutre,  on  the  Missouri  river.     Its  texture  is  compact, 


Rocky  Mountains.  423 

RECAriTULATION. 

The  Ozark  mountains  extend  from  the  sources  of  the  Rio 
Colorado  of  Texas,  on  the  southwest,  to  the  confluence  of 
the  Mississippi,  and  Missouri  in  the  northeast;  and  are  con- 
tinued in  a  low  range  from  this  point  towards  lake  Superior. 
They  are  widest  in  the  southwest,  and  in  that  quarter  they 
mingle  with  some  low  tracts  of  secondary  sandstone,  extend- 
ing froip  near  the  gulf  of  Mexico  to  the  base  of  the  eastern- 
most ridge  of  the  Rocky  Mountains.  Whether  any  similar 
expansion  exists  at  the  northern  extremity,  or  whether  this 
range  is  connected  as  a  spur  to  the  great  primitive  chain  sup- 
posed to  occupy  the  region  north  of  the  great  lakes,  and  is 

fracture  earthy.  Its  external  colour  is  browuish  red;  its  streak,  and  pow- 
der blood  red.  This  variety  of  ore  produces  good  iron,  and  yields  from 
sixty  to  eighty  per  cent. 

Heinatitic  Brown  Oxide  of  Ij'oji. — This  variety  of  iron  ore  occurs  in 
considerable  quantity  in  the  vicinity  of  the  vein  of  fluate  of  lime,  near 
ShawaneetowD,  Illinois.  It  occurs  there  under  a  number  of  imitative 
forms,  such  as  tabular,  stalactitical,  nodular,  botrj'oidal,  and  rciiiform. 
Its  colour  is  blackish  and  yellow-brown;  it  is  easily  fused  and  will  produce 
near  sixty  per  cent,  of  good  malleable  iron. 

Argillaceous  Oxide  of  Iron. — This  variety  of  iron  ore  is  abundant  in  the 
western  parts  of  Pennsylvania,  and  Virginia,  and  in  Kentucky,  where  it  is 
almost  the  only  ore  of  iron  that  is  worked.  The  principal  furnaces  in  Penn- 
sylvania, are  in  Cumberland,  Northumberland  and  Centre  counties,  and 
on  the  Juniata  river. 

Columnar  Argillaceous  Oxide  of  Iron. — Near  the  confluence  of  the 
Ohio  and  Tennessee  rivers,  is  a  locality  of  argillaceous  oxide  of  iron.  It 
is  of  a  columnar  structure,  and  rises  from  the  surface  of  the  ground  in 
such  a  manner  as  to  have  some  resemblance  to  cypress  knees.  This  mi- 
neral has  by  many,  been  thought  of  volcanic  origin,  at  least  that  the  cause 
of  its  peculiar  form  is  in  some  measure  connected  with  the  operation  of 
volcanic  causes  (James). 

Sulphurelof  Lead,  or  Galena. — This  mineral  is  abundant  in  Missouri 
territory,  about  sixty  miles  southwest  of  St.  Louis;  but  as  I  had  not  an  op- 
portunity of  visiting  the  mines,  I  cannot  say  any  thing  respecting  its  geo- 
logical situation  or  quantity.  There  are  two  reservations  for  lead,  in  the 
vicinity  of  the  United  States  saline,  Is.  From  external  appearances  I 
should  judge  the  ore  was  abundant;  but  from  the  success  of  former  dig- 
gings, and  the  situation  of  the  ore,  which  has  not  as  yet  been  found  there 
either  in  beds  or  veins;  but  sparingly  diffused  in  small  masses,  attached 
to  the  fluate  of  lime,  not  exceeding  in  weight  two  or  three  pounds;  I  think 
the  quantity  is  inconsiderable!  Every  specimenof  sulphuretof  lead  that 
I  saw  there,  possessed  a  crystalline  form. 

Sulphuret  of  Zinc,  or  Blende. — Fifteen  miles  south  of  Shawaneelown 
reniform  masses  of  argillaceous  iron  ore  inclosed  in  concentric  layers  of 
slate  clay,  are  found  in  a  bed  of  slate  clay.  In  the  argillaceous  iron  ore 
small  particles  of  sulphuret  of  zinc  occur.  This  is  the  only  locality  west 
of  the  Alleghany  mountains  that  I  have  seen  of  this  ore. 


424  Expedition  to  the 

separated  by  a  wide  secondary  and  alluvial  valley,  from  the 
Rocky  Mountains  is  yet  to  be  determined.  This  range  con- 
sists of  low  ridges  irregular  in  direction,  rarely  rising  to  an 
elevation  of  more  than  fifteen  hundred,  or  two  thousand  feet, 
and  consisting  principally  of  secondary  rocks. 

The  formations  are, 

1st,  Granite^  at  the  cove  of  the  Washita. 

2nd,  ArgillitCy  ranging  northeast  and  southwest  from  Lit- 
tle Rock,  on  the  Arkansa  to  the  Hot  Springs,  and  thence  to 
the  sources  of  the  Kiamesha. 

3d,  TransitioJi*  Sandstone.  A  narrow  margin  following 
nearly  the  same  direction  on  the  northwest  side  of  the  argil- 
lite  and  usually  inclining  like  it  to  the  south  or  southeast. 

4th,  Fl'iJit^  [Petrosilex].  From  the  Hot  Springs  northeast 
to  the  Mississippi,  and  usually  forming  the  basis  of  the  Pine 
lands. 

5th,  Limest07ie.  Compact  and  sparry.  Distributed  in  the 
same  direction  as  the  last,  but  more  extensive. 

6th,  Argillaceous  Sandstone,  with  extensive  beds  of  coal, 
and  abounding  in  mines  of  lead. 

7.  Diluvial  Deposites.  There  are  many  extensive  tracts  of 
deep  argillaceous  or  calcareous  loam,  in  other  instances  a 
more  meager  soil  has  resulted  from  the  disintegration  of  the 
sand  rock. 

These  are  the  remarks  we  have  been  able  from  observa- 
tion to  make  respecting  the  geology  of  a  part  of  the  United 
States  territory,  west  of  the  Mississippi.  Relating  to  that 
part  of  the  interior  of  our  country  which  lies  northwest  of 
lake  Superior,  and  north  of  the  sources  of  the  Missouri,  we 
have  little  satisfactory  information.  From  the  accurate  and 
intelligent  Mackenzie,  we  are,  however,  able  to  collect  a  few 
important    and   interesting  particulars.      This   enterprising 

*  Id  using  the  word  Transition  we  follow  the  example  of  such  as  have 
heretofore  written  concerning  the  g-eology  of  North  America,  without  in- 
tending to  acknowledge  an  adherence  to  the  exploded,  or  at  least  unfash- 
ionable doctrines  of  Werner.  Notwithstanding  Dr.  Macculloch,  Mr. 
Greenough,  Mr.  Kidd,  and  other  eminent  English  geologists  "  have 
brought  the  most  satisfactory  proof,  that  there  is  no  such  class  as  that  cal- 
led transition,  by  the  VVernerians,"*  we  do  not  know  that  the;  have  in- 
troduced any  word  which  will  in  this  country  so  readily  be  understood  to 
apply  to  those  stratified,  incliiied  rocks,  which  formerly  constituted  that 
class. 

*  See  a  paper  on  /amieson's  Manual  in  the  Lond.  Monthly  Review  for  April  1822 
p.  386.  &c. 


Rocky  Mountains.  425 

individual  it  is  well  known,  travelled  from  Montreal,  L.  C.  in 
latitude  45°  30',  long.  74°  in  a  north-west  direction  to  the 
mouth  of  Mackenzie's  river,  lat.  69",  long.  135°,  and  again 
at  a  later  period  leaving  his  former  route  at  the  lake  of  the 
Hills,  about  midway  between  lake  Superior,  and  the  mouth 
of  Mackenzie's  river,  he  ascended  in  a  south-west  direction, 
the  Unjigah  or  river  of  Peace,  to  the  Rocky  Mountains,  and 
crossing  them,  fell  upon  the  sources  of  the  Tacoutche  Tesse 
which  he  conceived  to  be  the  northern  branch  of  the  Colum- 
bia, but  which  is  now  known  to  fall  into  the  sea,  near  Admi- 
ralty inlet  of  Vancouver  in  48°  north.*  From  him  we  learn 
that  the  Rocky  Mountains  continue  in  an  uninterrupted  chain 
from  the  sources  of  the  Missouri,  in  the  south,  to  a  point 
beyond  the  65th  parallel  of  north  latitude,  near  the  mouth  of 
Mackenzie's  river.  The  river  of  Peace  which  he  ascended 
in  his  journey  to  the  western  ocean,  has  its  source  in  these 
mountains  in  about  55°  north,  nearly  opposite  to  those  of  the 
Tacoutche  Tesse.  Farther  towards  the  south  are  the  sources 
of  the  Saskatchawin,  a  large  river  discharging  itself  from 
the  northwest  into  lake  Winnipec.  The  mountains  in  this 
part  seem  to  be  less  elevated  than  those  more  to  the  south, 
but  in  other  respects  entirely  similar.  Their  northern  termi- 
nation, according  to  Mackenzie's  account,  is  in  about  lati- 
tude 65°  north,  longitude  127'°  40'  west.  Santa  Fe  in  New 
Mexico,  is  in  lat.  36",  long.  104«  40'.  From  this  it  will  be 
perceived,  that  this  great  mountain  range  lies  nearly  in  the 
direction  of  a  straight  line,  which  in  the  lower  latitudes  is 
almost  parallel  to  degrees  of  longitude.  We  have  no  evi- 
dence to  confirm  the  conjecture,  which  nevertheless  is  high- 
ly probable  that  the  principal  ridges  of  this  range  consist, 
through  their  whole  extent  of  granite,  or  other  primitive 
rocks.  Considering  the  stupendous  character,  the  great  ele- 
vation, and  uniformity  of  the  appearance  of  that  portion  of 
these  primitive  mountains  with  which  we  are  acquainted, 
we  should  be  led  to  look  for  similarity  of  character,  and  si- 
milar uniformity  throughout.  It  is  commonly  believed  as  as- 
serted by  Maclure,  that  "  a  large  mass  of  primitive,  occu- 
pies all  the  northern  part  of  this  Continent,"  and  he  consi- 
ders the  great  Atlantic  range  of  primitive,  the  mountains  of 
New  England,  New  York,  and  the  Alleghanies,  as  a  spur 
from  this  formation.  We  know  not  on  what  foundation  this 
opinion  may  rest,  unless  it  be  on  the  account  of  Steinhaur, 

*  London  Quarterly  Review  for  March  1 820. 
vol..  II.  54 


426  Expedition  to  the 

in  the  Geological  transactions,"  that  the  coast  of  I^abrador  is 
composed  of  rocks  of  granite,  sienite,  schist,  and  serpentine;" 
but  we  see  no  reason  to  consider  it  an  inaprobable  one.  With 
the  northern  boundary  of  that  vast  formatitn  of  secondary 
which  certainly  occupies  a  large  portion  of  the  interior  of  this 
continent,  we  are  unacquainted.  On  the  southeast,  its  limit 
is  the  irregular  border  of  the  transition  of  the  Alleghanies, 
commencing  between  the  Alabama,  and  Tombigbee  rivers, 
and  running  northwest  to  fort  Anne  near  lake  Champlain.' 
From  this  point  a  narrow,  and  perhaps  interrupted  stripe  of 
secondary  extends  through  the  valley  of  lake  Champlain  to 
the  upper  part  of  St.  John's  river.  The  island  and  moun- 
tain of  Montreal,  are  of  secondary  limestone.  The  country 
also  between  St.  John's,  and  La  Prairie,  is  most  probably 
secondary,  as  is  much  of  that  along  the  St.  Lawrence  below 
Montreal.  From  the  termination  of  the  transition  near  the 
confluence  of  the  Alabama  and  Tombigbee,  the  secondary 
rocks  continue  on  the  southwest,  sometimes  concealed  by 
the  recent  alluvial  formations  of  the  IVIississippi  valley,  to 
the  Black  lake  river  near  Natchitoches.  Beyond  this  point, 
the  information  we  have  is  not  satisfactory.  From  this, 
turning  northwest,  we  may  for  the  present,  consider  the 
Red  river  of  Louisiana,  as  the  boundary  of  the  secondary 
or  rather  the  limit  of  our  acquaintance  with  this  formation. 

Beyond  the  Ozark  Mountains,  the  district  between  the 
Red  river  and  the  Canadian  is  occupied  by  the  Red  sand- 
stone of  the  salt  formation,  which  is  undoubtedly  to  be  con- 
sidered secondary.  How  far  it  extends  to  the  west  beyond 
the  sources  of  Red  river  and  the  Canadian,  v/e  are  unable  to 
determine.  At  the  base  of  the  easternmost  ridge  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains  south  of  the  High  Peak,  and  at  no  very 
great  distance  north  from  Santa  Fe,  the  boundary  again  be- 
comes determinate.  From  this  point  it  runs  nearly  north, 
one  hundred  and  fifty  miles,  where  it  crosses  the  river  Platte. 
From  the  narrative  of  Lewis  and  Clark,  we  are  enabled  to  de- 
termine with  sufficient  accuracy  that  it  crosses  the  Missouri 
not  far  from  the  falls,  in  longitude  about  107''  W.  Beyond 
this  point  the  little  information  we  have  we  owe  to  sir  Alex- 
ander Mackenzie.  He  informs  us  that  great  quantities  of 
coal  are  found  about  the  sources  of  the  Saskatchawin,  which 
lie  near  the  Rocky  Mountains,  and  between  50^  and  55^ 
north  latitude.    The  coal  bed  which  he  describes,  lies  on  the 

*  Maclure's  Observations,  p.  50. 


Rocky  Mountains,  4,27 

margin  of  a  plain  extending  far  to  the  north  and  east.     The 
Saskatchawin  running  to  the  east  traverses  fifteen  degrees  of 
longitude,  and  discharges  its  waters   into  lake   Winnipec  in 
latitude  53°  north.  Lake  Winnipec  is  connected  by  the  Severn 
and  Port  Nelson  rivers,  to  Hudson''s  bay.    A  water  commu- 
nication  interrupted  by  one  portage   extends   from  the   Sas- 
katchawin northwest  to  the  Missinipi  or  Churchill's  river, 
thence  by  the  lake  of  the  Hills,  Slave  lake  and  Mackenzie's 
river  to   the  north  Sea.     Near  the  lake  of  the  Hills,  in  lati- 
tude 59*^    Mackenzie    found   several   brine    springs.     This, 
though  not  decisive  evidence,  perhaps  justifies  the  conclusion 
that  secondary   rocks  exist   in  that  quarter.      A  view  of  the 
character  and  direction  of  the  several  large  rivers  which  tra- 
verse the  region  about  Hudson's  bay,  of  their  numerous  inos- 
culations, and   the  number  and  position  of  the  small  lakes 
which  abound  in  every  part  of  it,  affords  evidence,  that  it  is 
an  extensive  plain  little  inclined  in  any  direction.     We  think 
we  may  venture  to  assert,  that  the  secondary  formations  ex- 
tend uninterrupted   along  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
as  far  as  to  the   Saskatchawin,  where  coal   was  observed  by 
Mackenzie.  What  lies  beyond  is  as  yet  unknown.  From  this 
coal  formation  our  boundary  must  for  the  present  run  in  a  di- 
rection a  little  south  of  east  to  Lake  Superior,  whence  it  may 
with  a  few  inconsiderable  interruptions  follow  the  territorial 
boundary  of  the  United  States  until  it  arrives  at  the  forty-fifth 
parallel  of  latitude,  thence  by  the  St.  Lawrence  to  Montreal. 
The  slight  acquaintance   we  have  with  the  country   north  of 
this  line,  is  perhaps  insufficient  to  justify  the  conjecture  that 
secondary   formations  occupy  an  extensive    portion  of  that 
country.   Is  it  improbable  that  formations  of  secondary  rocks 
extend  along  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains  through  their 
whole  course,  and  from  them   spread  themselves  to  the  east 
knowing  no  limits  but  the  Atlantic  Mountains,  the  shores  of 
the  Gulf  of  St.  Lawrence,  and  the  Northern  ocean?   We  know 
that  rocks  of  this  formation  exist  about  the  Gulf  of  St.  Law- 
rence, whence  coal,  plaisterand  sandstone  are  brought  to  our 
markets.* 

This  boundary  of  the  great  formation  of  secondary  rocks 

*The  banks  of  the  river  Montmorenci,  from  the  natural  steps  down- 
ward to  the  St.  Lawrence,  consist  of  a  lime  slate  placed  in  tiorizontal  strata 
from  the  depth  of  five  to  twenty-four  inches,  each  connected  by  fibrous 
gypsum  of  a  whitish  co  our.  Heriut  V,V,.  The  island  of  cape  r>reton 
abounds  in  sandstone,  coal  and  plaister,  ib.  431. —  Penn.iui's  Arct.  Zool. 
p.  508.  V.  i. 


428  Expedition  to  the 

which  occupies  so  large  a  portion  of  the  interior  of  our  con- 
tinent includes  a  vast  area  of  surface  extending  through 
twenty-five  degrees  of  latitude  and  sixty  of  longitude.  We 
confine  our  attention  to  that  portion  of  it,  which  the  state  of 
facts  at  present  known,  enables  us  to  speak  of  with  some  de- 
gree of  confidence.  This  portion  may  be  considered  as  oc- 
cupying the  area  of  a  large  triangle,  whose  base  is  a  line  run- 
ning from  Montreal,  in  Lower  Canada,  S.  W  to  a  point  near 
the  outlet  of  the  river  Sabine,  the  western  boundary  of  the 
state  of  Louisiana.  The  summit  would  be  at  the  sources  of 
the  Saskatchawin  which  are  west  of  north  from  the  mouth  of 
the  Sabine,  and  north  of  west  from  Montreal.  The  Rocky 
Mouiitains  on  the  southwest,  and  the  Alleghanies  on  the 
southeast  mark  the  limits  of  the  secondary  in  those  directions. 
Its  extent  towards  the  north  and  northeast  is  as  yet  unknown. 
In  the  wide  space  included  within  these  lines,  we  know  of 
but  one  exception  to  the  remark,  that  all  the  rocks  found  in 
place  are  secondary.  This  is  the  instance  of  the  Ozark  Hills 
traversing  the  horizontal  strata  from  southwest  to  northeast 
somewhat  in  the  manner  of  a  whin  dike.  A  proitiinent  pe- 
culiarity of  this  range  is  the  prevalence  among  the  secondary 
strata  of  crystallme  substances,  and  what  are  called  rocks  of 
chemical  deposition,  and  the  alternation  of  these  with  beds 
and  strata  whose  integrant  particles  bear  evident  marks  of 
having  been  worn  and  rounded  by  mechanical  attrition.  Ap- 
pearances of  this  kind  are  observed  in  all  formations  of  se- 
condary rocks,  but  it  is  believed,  are  in  few  instances,  as  ex- 
tensive or  as  numei'ous  as  in  this.  It  is  well  known  that  the 
ores  of  lead  so  abundant  in  many  parts  of  this  range  occur  in 
the  uppermost  strata  of  horizontal  sandstone,  or  in  primary 
soils  superimposed  upon  those  sandstones.  It  has  been  sug- 
gested that  these  ores  of  lead  may  have  been  brought  down 
in  the  alluvion  of  rivers  from  some  more  ancient  and  elevated 
region,*  but  any  one  who  shall  examine  them  in  connexion 
with  the  substances  with  which  they  are  now  found  asso- 
ciated, will  be  convinced  that  their  origin  has  been  contempo- 
raneous to  the  deposition  of  the  sandstone.  That  the  sparry 
limestones,  the  crystalline  sandstones,  and  perhaps  the  ores 
of  lead,  (almost  invariably  found  in  the  form  of  crystals,) 
have  been  deposited  from  solution  in  water,  is  highly  proba- 
ble, and  that  these  depositions  must  have  taken  place  in  con- 
nexion with  circumstances  not  unfavorable  to  animal  life,  is 

*  Maclure,  p.  57. 


Rocky  Mountains.  429 

evident  as  all  these  crystalline  rocks  abound  in  organic  re- 
mains. 

In  attempting  an  explanation  of  these  appearances,  can  any 
aid  be  derived  from  recourse  to  the  suggestion  that  the  mat- 
ter of  these  crystalline  beds  and  strata  has  been  ejected  from 
beneath  the  crust  of  the  earth  in  a  state  of  chemical  solution?-^- 
These  submarine  eruptions  may  have  been  numerous,  and 
may  have  happened  at  different,  and  remote  jjeriods;  hence 
the  occurrence  of  rocks  consisting  of  particles  mechanically 
aggregated,  in  alternation  with  those  of  chemical  deposition. 
Hence  the  existence  of  metallic  ores  overlying  recent  marine 
sandstones  and  compact  limestones,  for  these  ores  in  a  state 
of  solution,  may  have  been  thrown  out  in  some  of  the  latest 
eruptions. 

This  supposiuon  mav  derive  some  confirmation  from  the 
well  known  fact  that  this  region  is  still  in  a  remarkable  de- 
gree, subject  to  subterranean  concussions  and  earthquakes. 

Though  this  group  of  mountains  has  probably  a  nucleus  of 
primitive  rocks  running  through  its  whole  extent,  yet  these  ap- 
pear but  rarely  at  the  surface.  We  have  seen  such  only  in  the 
places  already  mentioned,  and  have  been  informed  of  others 
in  Washington  county,  near  the  sources  of  the  St.  Francis, 
and  about  Lake  Superior.f 

From  the  information  we  have  been  able  to  collect,  we  are 
induced  to  believe  that  secondary  rocks  occupy  the  countrv 
on  both  sides  of  Red  river,  from  its  sources  to  its  confluence 
with  the  Mississippi.  If  this  be  the  case  the  primitive  of  the 
Ozark  Mountains,  must  be  considered  a  small  and  insulated 
mass. 

The  inequalities  of  surface  in  this  great  secondary  forma- 
tion, are  considerable.  It  has  often  been  called  the  "  basin 
of  the  Mississippi,"  but  with  no  great  propriety,  since  it 
might  with  perhaps  equal  accuracy  be  called  the  basin  of  the 
St.  Lawrence,  the  Saskatchawin,  or  Mackenzie's  river.  The 
form  of  that  part  of  it  which  contains  the  Mississippi  river, 
is,  however,  similar  to  that  designated  by  geologists,  a  basin 
shaped  cavity.  As  far  as  our  acquaintance  extends,  it  is 
bounded  on  all  sides  by  a  surface  of  greater  elevation  than 
itself,  but  whether  this  surface  is  not  sometimes  secondary, 
is  doubtful.  It  is  hazardous  to  infer  the  existence  at  a  former 
period,  of  an  insulated  inland  sea,  from  any  formation  of  se- 
condary rocks,  without  being  acquainted  with  its  whole  ex- 

*  Bakewell.  f  Schoolcraft. 


430  Expedition  to  the 

tent,  its  elevation  at  different  points,  and  its  connexion  with 
other  rocks.  On  the  southeast,  secondary  sandstones  and  de- 
positions of  coal  are  met  with  in  some  of  the  most  elevated 
parts  of  the  Alleghany  Mountains.  The  positive  elevation  of 
the  primitive  mountains  of  New  England,  is,  except  at  a 
few  points,  scarce  equal  to  that  of  the  secondary  in  the 
western  parts  of  the  state  of  New  York.  From  the  granitic 
rocks,  along  the  Atlantic  coast  to  the  secondary  of  the  AUe- 
ghanies,  is  an  almost  uninterrupted  ascent.  The  clay  slate, 
and  granite  of  the  Washita,  occupy  nearly  the  lowest  part  of 
the  surface  of  the  Mississippi  valley.  We  are  as  yet,  desti- 
tute of  barometrical,  or  other  observations  by  which  to  de- 
termine the  actual  height  of  the  secondary  on  the  sides  of  the 
Rocky  Mountains.  Pike  estimates  the  elevation  of  the  plain 
at  the  foot  of  the  mountains,  at  eight  thousand  feet  above  the 
level  of  the  ocean.  It  is  probable  that  this  estimate  of  Pike's 
far  exceeds  the  truth,  yet  any  one  who  considers  the  great 
length  and  rapidity  of  the  rivers  which  flow  from  that  region, 
the  severity  of  cold  in  winter,  the  rapidity  with  which  evapo- 
ration is  carried  on  in  summer,  the  transparency  and  peculiar 
aspect  of  the  sky,  will  be  convinced  that  those  tracts  are  highly 
elevated,  and  there  is  unquestionably  good  reason  to  believe 
the  secondary  rocks  along  the  eastern  base  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  have  in  many  points,  an  elevation  at  least  equal 
if  not  much  superior  to  the  summits  of  the  Alleghanies.  In 
the  vertical  sections  delineated  on  the  maps  accompanying 
this  work,  is  a  line  indicating  the  supposed  level  of  the  primi- 
tive ocean^  at  the  time  when  the  secondary  depositions  ceased 
to  be  formed;  the  line  being  intended  to  mark  the  greatest 
elevation  of  secondary  rocks  on  the  sides  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains. 

This  vast  formation  of  secondary  extending,  as  it  probably 
does  from  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  to  the  northern  ocean,  and 
from  the  bay  of  St.  Lawrence  to  the  Rocky  Mountains,  must 
of  necessity  occupy  in  various  parts,  different  and  sometimes 
great  elevations.  Like  other  great  fields  of  similar  forma- 
tion, its  borders  are  marked  by  high  and  broken  ridges  which 
become  less  elevated  and  less  frequent  towards  the  centre. 
Sandstone  appears  to  be  the  basis  and  predominating  rock, 
occupying  the  Ijorders  contiguous  to  the  primitive  and  tran- 
sition, and  passing  under  the  more  recent  secondary.  In  this 
sandstone,  on  the  outskirts  of  the  secondary,  have  been  found 
most  of  the  extensive  coal  beds  hitherto  known,  also  gypsum 
and  brine  springs. 


Rocky  Mountains.  431 

We  remarked  in  the  narrative  of  our  expedition*  that  at 
several  places  in  the  valley  of  the  Ohio,  the  water  of  brine 
springs  discovered  by  boring  through  the  strata  to  the  depth 
of  two  or  three  hundred  feet,  sometimes  flows  up  and  rises 
considerably  above  the  surface  of  the  earth.  We  also  ob- 
served that  there  appears  reason  to  suspect  that  confined 
subterraneous  veins  of  water,  exist  under  the  arid  tract 
lying  westward  of  the  Ozark  Mountains.!  It  is  not  impro- 
bable that  the  strata  of  many  parts  of  this  secondary  forma- 
tion towards  its  exterior  circumference  may  vary  from  an 
horizontal,  to  an  inclined  position,  in  consequence  of  which 
the  water  that  falls  in  dews  and  rains  in  the  hilly  districts, 
becoming  insinuated  between  curved  stratifications,  may  de- 
scend towards  the  centre  of  the  formation  under  such  cir- 
cumstances as  would  ensure  its  rising  to  the  surface  through 
wells  or  bore-holes  sunk  sufficiently  to  penetrate  the  veins. 
We  would  recommend  this  suggestion  to  the  attention  of  the 
inhabitants  of  those  parts  of  the  secondary  basin  of  the  Mis- 
sissippi, where  an  abundant  and  unfailing  supply  of  water  is 
unf  )rtunately  wanting.  In  many  parts  of  England,  as  at 
Adelphi,  Addle-Hill,  Thames  Street,  and  New-Bond  street, 
London;  at  Kensington  Gravel-Pits,  at  Tottenham  High- 
Cross,  near  Silsoe  in  Bedfordshii'e,  at  Cambridge,  and  Wim- 
pole,  in  Cam.bridgeshire,  at  Alford,  in  Lincolnshire,  at 
Dunce-Hill,  near  Hull,  at  Oakthorpe,  in  Derbyshire,  and  at 
many  other  places  within  the  Chalk-Basin  called  the  London 
Vale,  water  rises  in  the  manner  above  alluded  to,  from  the 
bottom  of  wells  of  one  hundred  and  ten  to  one  hundred  and 
forty  feet  deep,  and  is  applied  at  and  above  the  surface  oi 
the  earth  to  various  ornamental  and  useful  purposes. ^  It  is 
of  a  better  quality  than  that  of  the  superficial  wells  which  do 
not  penetrate  the  stratum  of  tenacious  clay  to  the  sands  ot 
what  is  called  the  plastic  clay  formation,  or  to  the  substra- 
tum of  chalk,  and  sometimes  rises  with  such  rapidity  as  to 
overtake  the  well-digger  and  flow  over  his  head  before  he 
can  escape. § 

*The  opinion  there  (p.  16.  vol.  i.)  advanced  that  this  effect  is  produced 
exclusively  by  the  elasticity  of  subterranean  gases,  is  probably  erroneous, 
as  the  rising  of  the  water  is  to  be  attributed  to  the  agency  of  hydrostatic 
pressure,  modified  in  many  instances  by  the  cause  there  alluded  to. 

t  Vol.  ii.  p.  282.  I  Lond.  Month.  Mag.  vol.  liv.  p.  34. 

^  Conybeare  and  Phillipps'  Outline  of  the  Geology  of  England  and 
Wales,  part.  1.  p.  35,  and  88. 


432  Expedition  to  the 

Horizontally  stratified  limestone  is  met  with  in  many  parts 
of  this  formation,  but  is  most  abundant  in  the  central  por- 
tions, about  the  beds  of  the  great  rivers^  and  in  those  parts 
which  have  the  least  positive  elevation.  Compact  limestone 
is  a  name  sometimes  used  to  designate  all  the  varieties  of 
that  rock  occuring  in  districts  of  secondary,  but  is  certainly 
inapplicable  to  the  limestone  about  Cape  Girardeau,  and  in 
many  other  places  which  is,  notwithstanding,  manifestly  se- 
condary. Some  of  the  limestone  northwest  of  the  primitive, 
on  Hudson's  river,  about  the  Catskill  and  Heiieberg  Moun- 
tains IS  of  this  crystalline  variety,  but  abounds  in  marine  ex- 
uviae • — That  of  Lake  Champlain,  as  well  as  the  greater  part 
of  that  in  the  interior  and  western  parts  of  the  state  of  New 
York,  is  of  the  compact  blue  variety.  From  the  falls  of  the 
Ohio  at  Louisville,  to  Cincinnati,  a  mixed  kind  partaking  of 
the  character  of  both  of  the  before  mentioned  varieties,  is 
found  along  the  river,  and  for  some  distance  on  each  side. 
This  limestone  is  confined  to  a  small  district,  and  is  on  all 
sides  bounded  by  sandstone,  which  rises  from  below  it,  and 
on  which  it  is  supposed  invariably  to  rest.*  It  is  an  inierest- 
ing  subject  for  future  inquiry,  whether  the  red  standstone 
which  is  found  on  the  southwestern  branches  of  the  Arkansa, 
in  a  horizontal  position,  and  which  in  strata,  highly  inclined, 
skirts,  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  extends  also  to 
distant  portions  of  the  secondary,  and  whether  like  the  old 
red  sandstone  of  England,  Scotland,  and  Germany,f  it  is  the 
substratum  of  the  great  western  coal  series. 

Throughout  the  country  adjacent  to  the  Ohio  river,  the 
prevailing  and  basis  rock,  is  a  gray  horizontal  sandstone,  of- 
ten approaching  in  character,  those  varieties  which  contain 
coal.  It  embraces  extensive  beds  of  coarse  conglomerate, 
and  supports,  or  alternates  with  compact  limestone.  Here,  as 
in  many  parts  of  the  vallev  of  the  Mississippi,  the  limestones 
and  sandstones,  like  those  of  Turimiquiri,  and  Cumanacoa, 
in  South  America,:}:  alternate  frequently  with  each  other. 

Sect.  IV. — Of  the  Alleghany  Mountains. 

By  this  name  we  intend  to  designate  the  great  range  of 
mountains  extending  parallel  to  the  Atlantic  coast,  from  the 
sources  of  the  St.  John's  river  in  New  Brunswick,  in  the 

*  Picture  of  Cincinnati,  p.  64. 

t  Annals  of  Philos.  for  Aug.  1822,  p.  90. 

I  See  Humb.  Pers.  Nar.  vol.  iii.  p.  94. 


Rocky  Mountains.  433 

northeast,  to  the  confluence  of  the  Alabama,  and  Tombigbee, 
in  the  southwest.  An  outline  of  the  geological  features  of  this 
great  chain  has  already  been  traced  by  Maclure,  and  parti- 
cular accounts  of  portions  of  it  are  to  be  found  in  the  works 
of  Eaton  and  others,  we  shall  therefore  confine  our  attention 
to  those  strata,  which,  forming  the  northwestern  side  of  the 
range  are  most  intimately  connected  with  the  great  secondary 
formations  of  the  west. 

I. — Granular  Limestone 

Appears  in  every  part  of  the  United  States,  where  it  has 
hitherto  been  observed  to  be  the  uppermost  in  the  series  of 
primitive  rocks.  It  is  true,  it  is  often  found  to  graduate  by 
minute  and  imperceptible  shades  of  difference,  into  that 
which  is  decidedly  secondary.  Instances  of  this  have  been 
observed  so  frequently  that  the  fact  can  be  no  longer  ques- 
tioned. This  fact,  and  others  of  the  same  kind  ought  not 
perhaps  to  be  considered  as  invalidating  the  received  opinions 
with  regard  to  the  classification  of  rocks  according  to  the 
doctrines  of  Werner.  If  a  division  is  to  be  made  of  the  rocky 
strata  of  the  earth  into  primitive,  transition,  &c.  it  is  perhaps  of 
little  importance  whether  the  boundaries  tlius  instituted,  shall 
traverse  beds  of  the  same  substance,  or  separate  contiguous 
strata  composed  of  different  materials. 

That  series  of  rocks  next  in  order  to  the  primitive  lime- 
stone abovementioned,  has  been  very  generally  denominated 
the  transition  class.  It  comprehends  the  following  strata, 
metalliferous  limestone^  clay  slate ^graywacke^  and  graywacke- 
slate^  and  old  red  sandstone.  If  we  confine  our  attention  to 
the  consideration  of  these  rocks  as  they  exist  in  our  own 
country,  we  shall  find  them  appearing  in  their  different  lo- 
calities under  circumstances  of  considerable  uniformity. 

II. — Metalliferous  Limes to?ie. 

The  prevailing  colour  of  this  rock  is  blue  of  various  shades 
and  intensities,  varying  into  yellow  and  gray.  It  has  usually 
a  close  texture,  an  even,  large  choncoidal,  or  somewhat 
splintery  fracture.  In  many  varieties,  the  surface  by  long 
exposure  becomes  coated  with  an  incrustation  of  a  yellow- 
ish-white powdery  matter,  which  adheres  closely.  It  is  fre- 
quently traversed  by  small  recticulating  veins  of  quartz  or 
calcareous  spar,  which  during  the  gradual  decomposition  of 
detached  masses,  resist  the  progress  of  disintegration,  and 
are  left  standing  out  from  the  surface,  giving  it  a  chequered 

VOL.  II.  55 


434  Expedition  to  the 

appearance.   It  is  the  lowest,  and  is  considered  the  most  an- 
cient of  the' rocks  containing  organic  remains. 

Geographical  Distribution. — This  rock  occurs  extensively 
along  all  the  northwestern  side  of  the  primitive  of  the  AUe- 
ghanies.  In  Lower  Canada  and  Vermont,  it  is  accompanied 
by  granular  limestone,  and  granular  quartz,  which  separate 
it  from  the  mica  slate  and  talcose  rocks  on  the  east.*  It  is 
there  usually  inclined  towards  the  west  at  an  inconsiderable 
angle.  It  is  separated  from  the  compact  floetz  limestone  of 
the  valley  of  Lake  Champlain,  by  a  stratum  of  old  red  sand- 
stone which  forms  the  upper  part  of  a  range  of  hills  called  in 
Vermont,  the  Snake  Mowitain.  In  Berkshire  county,  in  the 
western  part  of  Massachusetts,  and  along  the  eastern  side  of 
the  Hudson  in  N<;w  York,  a  stratum  of  primitive  clay-slate 
intervenes  between  this  rock  and  the  granular  limestone. 
The  New  Lebanon  Mountain,  which  is  of  slate,  and  divides 
the  primitive  limestone  of  Pittsfield,  Richmond,  Stockbridge, 
&c.  from  the  transition  v/hich  occurs  at  New  Lebanon 
Springs,  and  along  the  western  base  of  this  range,  is  consi- 
dered primitive.! 

To  the  northeast  of  the  Hudson  river,  the  transition  lime- 
stone, nowhere  occupies  any  great  extent  of  surface  from 
east  to  west,  but  is  a  narrow  strip  running  along  the  margin 
of  the  primitive,  and  in  a  few  miles  is  succeeded  either  by 
red  sandstone  or  clay  slate  resting  upon  it.  In  Vermont,  in 
the  same  neighbourhood,  it  alternates  with  clay  slate  and  sup- 
ports red  sandstone. 

Crossing  the  Hudson  above  the  Highlands,  and  proceeding 
southwest,  little  of  this  stratum  is  seen,  in  the  lower  part  of 
New  York,  but  it  becomes  more  abundant  in  the  western 
parts  of  New  Jersey  and  Pennsylvania.  If  we  suppose  the 
whole  of  the  Alleghany  Mountains  of  Pennsylvania,  Mary- 
land, and  the  western  parts  of  Virginia,  removed  to  a  level 
with  the  surface  at  the  base  of  their  eastern  declivities,  it  is 
probable  their  foundation  which  would  be  thus  exposed,  would 
be  found  through  their  whole  extent,  to  be  of  transition  lime- 
stone. This  rock  is  almost  the  only  one  which  occurs  be- 
tween the  primitive  limestone  about  twenty  miles  west  of 
Philadelphia  and  Harrisburgh.  Cove  hill,  the  north  and 
south  mountains,  and  the  other  eastern  ridges  of  the  Alle- 
ghany, are  all  based  upon  metalliferous  limestone.    It  is  seen 

*  See  Eaton's  Index,  p.  183.  2d.  Ed. 

t  Devyey,  iu  the  American  Journal,  p.  337. 


Rocky  Mountains.  435 

emerging  from  beneath  the  sandstone,  which  forms  the  body 
of  these  mountains  at  M'Connel's  Town,  and  in  most  of  the 
vallies  between  the  Alleghanies.  We  learn  from  Maclurc, 
that  it  extends  to  the  south  and  west  nearly  to  the  termina- 
tion of  this  range  of  mountains  at  the  confluence  of  the  Ala- 
bama and  Tombigbee  rivers  in  Mississippi. 

Ill, —  Transition  ArgillitC' 

This  name  is  intended  to  comprehend  not  only  the  com- 
mon varieties  of  the  clay  slate  with  inclined  laminae,  but  also 
some  varieties  of  gray  wacke,  and  the  silicious  slate,  by  some 
considered  a  distinct  stratum.  It  is  believed  that  throughout 
the  range  of  country  occupied  by  the  several  rocks  here  men- 
tioned, they  will  be  found  too  intimately  blended,  and  too 
closely  entangled  with  each  other  to  allow  of  their  being  con- 
sidered as  separate  formations. 

Geographical  Distribution. — The  formation  including  the 
abovementioned  rocks  has  been  denominated  clay  slate.  As 
far  as  our  acquaintance  has  extended,  it  occurs  in  all  its  locali- 
ties associated  with  metalliferous  limestone,  or  old  red  sand- 
stone. It  is  not  to  be  confounded  with  the  primitive  argillite 
which  occurs  below  transition  limestone,  and  is  met  with  in 
the  highly  primitive  parts  of  New  England,  nor  with  the 
aluminous  schist  of  the  great  secondary  formation  to  the  west. 
It  is  distinct  from  either,  and  in  most  instances  its  character 
is  sufficiently  marked.  It  occurs  in  the  central  portions  of 
that  extensive  strip  of  transition  which  skirts  the  western 
margin  of  the  primitive  of  New  York  and  New  England,  and 
forms  the  great  body  of  the  Alleghany  and  Catskill  Moun- 
tains. It  is  wider  and  more  extensive  in  the  north,  occupy- 
ing much  of  the  surface  in  Vermont,  the  northern  parts  of 
the  state  of  New  York  and  Canada.  In  the  Alleghany  Moun- 
tains of  Pennsylvania,  Maryland,  and  Virginia,  its  beds  are 
of  great  thickness,  and  form  in  some  instances,  the  prevailmg 
rock,  being,  however  almost  invariably  overlaid  by  sandstone. 
It  has  in  several  instances  been  observed  to  contain  impres- 
sions of  organized  beings,  but  these  are  usually  those  of 
zoophytic  animals,  and  are  exceedingly  unlike  those  found  so 
abundantly  in  the  schist  of  coal  formations.  Its  colours  are 
variable,  it  is,  however,  most  commonly  bluish-black  or 
dark  brown.  Between  Albany  and  Pittsfteld,  it  is  met  with 
of  a  green  colour,  and  a  few  miles  to  the  southeast  of  White- 
hall, New  York,  it  is  bright  red. 


436  Expedition  to  the 

The  graywacke^  which  in  this  very  general  and  hasty  view 
we  have  considered  as  in  part,  belonging  to  the  clay  slate  of 
transition  appears  to  us  to  form  the  connecting  link  between 
this  clay  slate,  and  the  old  red  sandstone.     In  attempting  to 
give  a  more  detailed  account  of  these  formations,  we  might 
perhaps  speak  of  the  graywacke,  as  others  have  done,  as  a 
distinct  stratum.    We  have,  however,  usually  found  it  so  in- 
timately blended  either  with  the  sandstone,  or  clay  slate  that, 
in  this  enlarged  view,   we  see  no  necessity  for  a  separation. 
We  cannot  agree  in  opinion  with  some  who  have  considered 
the  graywacke  as  the  substratum  of  the  great  secondary  for- 
mation of  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi.     We  have  found  it 
almost  invariably  overlaid  by  an  inclined  sandstone  separating 
it  from  the  horizontal  rocks  towards  the  west.  This  may  not 
be  as  often    the   case  at  the  north  as  in  Pennsylvania,  Mary- 
land, and   Virginia.     Mr.    Eaton,  is  of  opinion  that  "  gray- 
wacke underlays  all  that  district  of  country  in  the  interior  of 
the   state  of  New  York,  which    would   be   bounded  on   the 
north,  by  a  line  drawn  from  Albany,  westward  to  the  Onon- 
daga salt  springs,  on  the  west,  by  a  line   running   from  the 
salt  springs  by  Bath  to  the   Pennsylvania   Hue,  on  the  south, 
by  a  line  running  thence  to  Newburgh,  on  the  Hudson  above 
the  Highlands,  and  from  thence  to  Albany,  by  a  line  running 
parallel  to  the  river,  at  a  few  miles  distance."     We  are  in- 
formed  by  governor  Clinton,*  that  coal  strata  exist  in  the 
western  part  of  the  state  of  New  York,  and  we  are  induced, 
from  the  analogy  of  the  other  parts  of  the  same  great  secon- 
dary formation,  to   believe  that   the  brine  springs  of  Onon- 
daga, are  situated  not  in   graywacke,  but  in  the  sandstone  of 
that  coal  formation.     According  to  Maclure,f  old  red  sand- 
stone appears  from  under  the  limestone,  and  other  strata  at 
Lewistown,  ten  miles   below  the  Falls  of  Niagara,  and  also 
near  the  salines  of  Onondaga,  in  Genessee  county.     "  This, 
says  he,  would  give  some   probability  to  the  conjecture  that 
the  old  red  sandstone  is  the  foundation  of  all  this  horizontal 
formation,  and   is  perhaps   attached  to   some  series  of  rocks 
laying  on  the  primitive,  north  of  the  Great  Lakes." 

IV. —  Transition  Sandstone. 

Old  Red  Sandstone? — Throughout  the  whole  extent  of  the 
transition  formation,  beforementioned,   a    sandstone    occurs, 

*  See  his  Speech  at  the  openinjr  of  the  Session  of  1 022.  Since  the  above 
was  written,  we  have  been  informed  that  coal  has  been  discovered  iu  thp 
interior  of  New  York. 

f  Observations  on  the  Geology  of  the  United  States,  p.  57. 


Rocky  Moutitains.  437 

evidently  belonging  to  the  oldest  depositions  of  that  rock.  It 
is  for  the  most  part  distinctly  stratified,  and  in  all  cases  its 
stratifications  are  inclined.  It  consists  of  grains  of  quartz 
united  by  a  scanty  cement,  and  usually  more  or  less  rounded 
as  if  by  attrition  and  the  operation  of  currents  of  water. 
These  fragments  vary  in  magnitude  from  the  finest  sand,  to 
boulders  of  several  pounds  weight.  Among  the  Alleghany 
mountains,  are  many  extensive  beds  of  pudding  stone,  or 
coarse  conglomerate,  usually  consisting  of  white  quartzy  peb- 
bles in  a  cement  often  highly  coloured  by  oxide  of  iron.  It 
is  also  to  be  observed  that  this  formation  of  transition  sand- 
stone, sometimes  embraces  extensive  beds,  whose  integrant 
panicles  have  by  no  means  the  appearance  of  having  been 
rounded  by  attrition.  As  in  the  case  of  almost  all  the  rocks 
of  secondary  formation,  there  appear  to  have  been  periods 
during  the  time  of  its  deposition  when  the  waters  of  the 
superincumbent  ocean  ceased  to  throw  down  the  mechanical 
debris  of  former  rocks  and  deposited  earthy  matter  from  a 
state  of  chemical  solution. 

The  Alleghany  mountains  in  New  York,  Pennsylvania, 
Maryland,  and  Virginia,  consist  principally  of  rocks  belong- 
ing to  the  transition  class;  and  among  these,  sandstone  is 
perhaps  of  more  frequent  occurrence  than  any  other  aggre- 
gate. Mr.  Maclure  has  not  considered  the  sandstones  of  the 
Alleghany  mountains  generally,  as  belonging  to  the  old  red 
sandstone  formation  of  Werner;  and  it  must  be  acknowledg- 
ed there  is  some  difference  at  least  in  colour,  between  the 
ferruginous  sand  rock,  which  appears  on  the  shore  of  the 
Tappan  bay,  near  Nyac,  and  extends  south  and  west  through 
Newark,  Amboy,  and  Brunswick,  to  Norristown  in  Penn- 
sylvania; and  that  which  forms  the  body  of  the  Cove,  Side- 
ling and  Alleghany  ridges  farther  to  the  west.  But  we  can- 
not discover  so  marked  a  difference  between  the  sandstone 
of  the  localities  last  mentioned,  and  that  which  occurs  about 
the  south  mountain  in  Pennsylvania,  that  at  Hagarstown  in 
Maryland,  and  near  Harper's  Ferry,  in  Virginia,  which  he 
considers  as  the  old  red  sandstone.  Indeed  this  last  appears 
to  us  in  almost  every  respect,  to  resemble  the  inclined  sand- 
stone which  prevails  so  generally  throughout  the  middle  and 
eastern  ridges  of  the  Alleghany  mountains  in  Pennsylvania, 
and  Maryland.  We  have  already  stated  the  opinion  in  part 
sanctioned  by  the  observations  of  Maclure,  that  the  old  red 
sandstone,  is  the  substratum  of  the  part  of  the  secondary 
formation  south  of  lake  Ontario.     If  this  be  the  case,  what 


438  Expedition  to  the 

stratum,  if  not  the  old  red  sandstone  should  be  seen  emerg- 
ing from  beneath  that  secondary  along  its  south-eastern 
ipargin?  We  will  not  however,  contend  for  the  name.  It  is 
sufficient  for  our  purpose,  to  state  that  the  sandstone  so  abun- 
dant in  all  the  principal  ridges  accessary  to  the  Alleghany 
on  the  east,  has  the  character  of  a  rock  belonging  to  the  tran- 
sition formation  of  the  Wernerians,  that  is,  its  strata  have  a 
somewhat  regular  dip  and  inclination,  it  contains  no  beds  of 
bituminous  coal,  and  few  remains  of  animals  or  plants.  Near 
the  summit  of  the  ridge  called  particularly  the  Alleghany, 
the  change  to  more  recent  secondary  begins  to  appear.  With- 
out the  interposition  of  any  other  stratum,  and  without  any 
sudden  change  of  features,  the  strata  of  sandstone,  become 
nearly  horizontal,  assuming  gradually  all  the  characters  of 
secondary  rocks.  About  one  mile  west  of  the  summit  of  the 
Alleghany,  on  the  road  from  Philadelphia  to  Pittsburgh, 
the  first  indications  of  coal  are  observed.  In  the  vallies, 
the  metalliferous  limestone,  and  the  older  sandstones 
emerge  to  the  light.  The  same  thing  happens  in  the  case  of 
Catskill,  and  other  mountains,  west  of  the  Hudson,  their  ba- 
ses being  of  transition,  and  their  summits  crossed  with  se- 
condary.* 

The  horizontal  sandstones  connected  with  the  depositions 
of  coal,  occurring  along  the  Ohio,  from  Pittsburgh  to  the 
confluence  of  Green  river,  assume  various  characters,  and 
often  support  extensive  formations  of  compact  limestone. f 

*  See  Eaton's  geological  section,  at  page  280,  of  the  index  to  the  Geolo- 
gy of  the  Northern  States. 

f  The  following  are  descripitionsof  the  rocks,  that  alternate  with  each 
wther  as  they  occur,  in  connexion  with  the  coal  beds  at  Pittsburgh,  com- 
mencing with  thii  uppermost,  and  proceeding  in  a  regular  gradation  to  the 
lowest  that  we  have  had  an  opportunity  of  examining. 

No.  1.  A  loose  grained  argillaceous  sandstone,  composed  of  minute  grains 
of  quartz,  and  decoinposed  feldspar,  united  by  an  argillaceous  cement.  Its 
colour  is  yellowish  gray,  fracture  uneven,  stratifications  imperfect.  It 
contains  no  organic  remains;  depth  of  the  bed  near  four  feet. 

No.  2.  Bituminous  shale;  natural  colour,  brownish  black,  that  of  the 
streak,  dark  gray.  Before  the  blow  pipe  it  decrepitates,  burns  with  a 
bright  flame,  emils  a  bituminous  odour,  and  soon  becomes  nearly  white. 
Its  structure  is  slaty:  no  animal  or  vegetable  remains  are  contained  in  it, 
small  veins  of  clay  are  dispersed  irregularly  between  the  layers.  Depth 
of  the  bed  ten  fleet. 

No.  3.  A  bed  of  bituminous  coal,  its  colour  is  brownish  black,  cross 
fracture  uneven,  longitudinal  slaty:  fragments  tabular,  right  angled,  lus- 
tre resinous,  it  is  semi-hard,  sectile,  and  very  brittle.    Vertical  and  hon- 


Rocky  Mountains.  439 

r 

The  Alleghany  mountains  have  been  long  since  pointed 
out  by  attentive  observers,  as  a  great  natural  barrier,  destined 
finally  to  become  the  line  of  separation  between  two  exten- 
sive territories;  embraced  within  the  present  boundaries  of  the 
United  States,  but  unconnected  by  any  physical  ties,  sufficiently 
strong  to  ensure  the  permanent  unity  of  a  great  empire.  It  is 
now  we  believe,  fully  ascertained  (if  it  can  ever  have  been 
doubted)  that  the  foreign  communication  from  almost  every 

zontal  beds  of  indurated  clay,  containing  a  small  quantity  of  bitumen,  oc- 
cur in  the  coal.  Depth  of  the  bed  from  two  to  eight  feet. 

No.  4.  Bituminous  shale.  Possesses  the  same  charcters  as  No.  2.  Va- 
ries in  depth. 

''No.  5.  Indurated  clay;  its  colour  is  lead  gray,  fracture  in  situations 
where  it  has  been  subjected  to  the  combined  actions  of  moisture  and  the 
atmosphere,  irregularly  slatose,  in  others  uneven.  Depth  of  this  bed  se- 
ven feet. 

No.  6.  Argillaceous  chlorite  slate  passing  by  regular  gradations  i'nto 
argillaceous  chlorite  sandstone.  Natural  colour,  yellowish  green,  that  of 
the  streak  light  gray,  cross  fracture  uneven  Its  powder  is  soft  and  slight- 
ly greasy  to  the  touch;  it  contains  no  organic  remains.  The  depth  of  this 
bed  varies. 

No.  7.  Compact  Limestone,  intimately  mixed  with  alumine,  it  contains 
small  veins  of  calcareous  spar  dispersed  throughout  the  mass.  Veins  of  an- 
gular fragments  of  carbonate  of  lime,  united  by  a  calcareous  and  argilla- 
ceous cement,  extend  irregularly  through  the  rock.  The  fracture  in  some 
specimens  is  compact  and  earthy,  in  others  uneven. 

No.  8.  Argillaceous  chlorite  sandstone,  cousistiog  of  minute  grains  of 
quartz,  chlorite  slate,  and  talc,  united  by  an  argillaceous  cement:  its  co- 
lour isyellowish  green:  fracture  uneven,  the  powder  is  soft  and  feels  grea- 
sy to  the  touch,  it  is  destitute  of  orgai'iic  remains. 

.No.  9.  A  loose  grained  argillaceous  sandstone,  thickly  interspersed 
with  thin  laminae  of  talc:  its  colour  is  light  gray,  fracture  uneven,  texture 
loose,  it  is  liable  to  disintregation. 

No.  10.  Argillaceous  sandstone,  irregularly  slatose;  its  colour  is  gray, 
with  a  tinge  ofyellow.  Nodules  of  clay  iron  stone  occur  in  considerable 
quantities  through  the  mass  of  rock. 

No.  1  i.  Fine  grained  argillaceous  sandstone,  composed  of  quartz,  and 
magnesia,  united  by  an  argillaceous  cement.  Its  colour  is  yellowish  gray 
which  by  the  action  of  the  blow  pipe,  passes  into  reddish  brown.  This  rock 
contains  great  numbers  of  the  impressions  of  the  phylohtus. 

No.  12.  Indurated  clay,  its  colour  is  bluish  gray,  structure,  slatose; 
fracture  approaching  uneven,  hardness  inconsiderable.  Impressions  of 
small  leaves  occur  in  this,  but  are  not  numerous,  they  apparently  consist 
of  one  species  alone. 

No.  13.  Compact  argillaceous  sandstone,  composed  of  quartz,  feldspar, 
and  thin  laminae  of  talc,  uriited  by  an  argillaceous  cement,  its  colour  is 
brownish  gray.  Nodules  of  clay  iron  stone  occur  in  considerable  abun- 
dance in  this  rock,  they  are  formed  by  concentric  layers,  around  a  nucle- 
us, which  is  the  same  in  composition  as  the  mass  of  their  bed.  Their  size 
varies  from  that  of  a  nut  to  an  apple. 

■Jessnp't  Ms.  Report. 


440  Expedition  to  the 

part  of  the  vast  basin  of  the  Mississippi,  will  find  its  way  to 
the  ocean,  through  that  river;  consequently,  that  the  centre 
of  civilization  and  wealth  for  this  great  fertile  valley,  will 
be  placed  somewhere  on  the  banks  of  the  Mississippi.  At 
the  present  time,  for  a  considerable  part  of  the  year,  merchant 
vessels  of  three,  four,  and  five  hundred  tons  burthen,  propel- 
led by  steam,  are  arriving  almost  daily  at  the  falls  of  Ohio 
and  at  St.  Louis,  in  eighteen  or  twenty  days  from  New  Or- 
leans. The  extensive  forests,  and  the  inexhaustible  mines  of 
coal  distributed  along  all  the  ramifications  of  this  great  river, 
ensure  the  continuance  of  the  means  for  steam  navigation, 
by  which  the  productions  of  other  countries  will  be  circu- 
lated through  every  part  of  this  extensive  system  of  inland 
communication. 

The  great  chain  of  the  Alleghanies,  spreading  and  becom- 
ing more  elevated  in  the  southwest,  must  always  present  an 
obstacle  to  easy  and  direct  communication  between  the  mar 
itime  parts  of  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  South  Carolina,  and 
Georgia,  and  the  valley  of  the  Mississippi;  unless  a  free  inter-  ' 
course  is  established,  by  means  of  roads  and  canals,  which 
may  probably  be  effected. 

In  the  middle  states  the  Hudson,  the  Delaware,  and  the 
Susquehanna  have  their  sources  in  the  great  secondary  for- 
mation, and  traversing  the  whole  primitive  and  transition  of 
the  Alleghanies,  discharge  their  waters  into  the  Atlantic, 
Vessels  of  several  hundred  tons,  ascend  the  Hudson  to  Albany, 
on  the  northwestern  side  of  the  Alleghany  mountains;  thence, 
an  easy  communication  will  hereafter  be  established  along 
the  Great  Canal  and  the  Lakes,  with  an  extensive  portion  of 
the  Mississippi  basin,  north  of  the  fortieth  degree  of  north 
latitude.  The  facilities  for  transportation  by  this  route,  and 
the  easy  communication  by  means  of  the  national  road,  and 
the  turnpike  from  Philadelphia  to  Pittsburgh,  will  ensure  a 
constant  intercourse  and  some  community  of  interest  between 
the  Atlantic  states  and  the  countries  west  of  the  Alleghanies. 

The  vallies,  every  where  interspersed  with  this  group  of 
mountains,  are  fertile,  and  many  of  the  ridges  have  soils, 
capable  of  supporting  a  scattered  population.  Unlike  the 
Rocky  Mountains,  which  must  always  constitute  an  almost 
impassable  natural  boundary,  this  range  has  no  wide  and 
desolate  wastes  along  its  base,  where  the  permanent  habita- 
tions of  men  can  never  be  fixed;  rising  in  no  point  to  the 
limits  of  perpetual  frost;  its  sides  are  always  accessible,  clo- 
thed usually  with  forests,  and  even  its  broad  and  level  sum- 


Rocky  Mountains.  441 

units  may,  in  many  places,  be  made  the  residence  of  an  agri- 
cultural people. 

Neverthtless  it  cannot  be  denied,  that  the  valley  of  the 
Mississippi,  both  by  its  geological  conformation  and  by  the 
germs  of  the  civil  and  political  constitutions  already  plant- 
ed and  taking  root  there,  seems  destined  to  become  the  seat 
of  a  powerful,  and  agricultural  empire.  The  gradual  destruc- 
tion of  the  forests  along  the  Mississippi,  Missouri,  and  other 
rivers,  whose  banks  are  not  permanent,  will,  at  length,  re- 
move one  of  the  greatest  obstacles  to  the  navigation  of  those 
rivers;  but  their  commerce  must  all  centre  at  one  port,  and 
that  an  inconvenient  one.  The  attention  of  the  people  will, 
therefore,  be  directed  less  to  their  foreign  relations  and  the 
maintenance  of  commerce,  than  to  the  development  of  the 
inexhaustiljle  resources  of  their  own  soil. 

'I'he  sickliness  of  the  more  depressed  portions  of  the  val- 
ley of  the  Mississippi  may,  for  sometime,  retard  the  pro- 
gressive increase  of  population,  but  cannot  prevent  its  ulti- 
mate arrival  at  its  maximum,  which  is  to  be  limited  only  by 
the  immense  internal  resources  of  the  country.  The  ancient 
inhabitants  of  this  continent,  if  we  may  judge  by  their  remain- 
ing monuments,  were  most  numerous  in  the  low  and  fertile 
parts  of  this  valley.  So  were  the  ancient  Egyptians  on  the 
Delta  of  the  Nile,  and  below  the  city  of  Thebes,  where,  as 
Herodotus  informs  us  "  before  the  time  of  Menes  was  one 
extended  marsh;''  so  were  the  ancient  Romans  in  the  vi- 
cinity of  ihe  Pontine  marshes,  and  the  Venetians  in  those  low 
and  almost  inaccessible  swamps  at  the  bottom  of  the  Adria- 
tic Gulf,  to  which  the  remnant  of  the  Veneti  fled  for  re- 
fuge from  the  fury  of  Attila.  Unfortunately  the  alluvion  of 
large  and  small  rivers  often  accumulates  at  the  mouth,  and  is 
deposited  in  their  channels,  until  tracts,  formerly  habitable 
and  populous,  are  drowned  and  deserted. 

It  may  be  hoped  the  persevering  industry  of  men  will  here- 
after do  much  towards  protecting  the  alluvion  of  the  lower 
Mississippi  from  the  annual  inundations;  but  as  the  river  it- 
self must  be  the  only  natural  agent,  whose  operations  can  ever 
do  any  thing  towards  elevating  the  general  surface  of  the 
Delta,  and  since  any  elevation  of  this  surface,  effected  by  de 
positions  from  the  waters  of  the  river,  must  be  attended  by 
a  corresponding  elevation  of  its  bed,  there  appears  no  rea- 
son to  hope,  that  the  situation  of  the  immediate  valley  of  the 
Mississippi  will  ever  be  more  favorable  to  human  life  and 
health  than  at  present.  Nevertheless  we  have  seen  popu- 
voL.  II.  56 


442  ,  Expedition^  &c. 

lous  cities  .springing  up  in  the  most  depressed  parts  of  that 
valley,  and  those,  who  Hvt^  ht-reai"ter,  will  probably  see  there, 
a  large  portion  of  the  population,  the  civilization,  and  wealth 
of  America. 


Explanation  of  the  Plate, 

In  illustration  of  the  foregoing  remarks  we  offer  two  trans- 
verse sections,  adapted  to  the  scale  of  elevation  by  Maj. 
Long.  In  the  delineation  it  will  be  perceived  little  regard  has 
been  paid  to  the  horizontal  scale.  The  intention  being  to 
exhibit  an  outline  of  our  idea  of  the  structure  of  the  different 
groups  of  mountains,  some  wide  and  uninteresting  piains, 
as  that  between  5*^  and  12*^  west,  in  the  northern,  and  11^ 
and  13''  in  the  southern  section  have  been  omitted.  Particu- 
lar attention  has  been  bestowed  in  adapting  the  delineations 
to  the  scale  of  elevation,  which,  as  will  be  perceived  on  in- 
spection, is  divided  into  three  parts  differently  graduated. 

The  inclinations,  indicated  by  the  lines  between  the  dif- 
ferent formations,  are  not  to  be  considered  applicable  to  all 
the  strata  composing  those  formations,  as  in  the  instance  of 
the  coal  in  the  southern  section  of  the  Alleghanies,  the  strata 
of  sandstone  and  bituminous  shale  are  nearly  horizontal, 
but  occupy  the  several  elevations  indicated  by  the  inclined 
line  in  the  section;  the  lines,  therefore,  may  l»e  considered 
as  marking  the  position  of  formations,  rather  than  the  inclina- 
tion of  strata. 

The  inclination  of  the  strata  in  the  southern  section  of  the 
Ozark  mountains  is  usually  towards  the  south,  or  southeast, 
and    more  irregular  in  direction,  than  in  the  Alleghanies. 

It  is  proper  to  remark  that  the  coal  strata,  in  the  northern 
section  of  the  Alleghany  mountains,  are  very  extensive,  and 
rise  nearer  to  the  highest  elevations,  than  in  the  southern, 
though,  in  the  delineation,  this  has  not  been  particularly 
represented. 


ASTRONOMICAL  AND  METEOROLOGICAL 


m.  ..„..^.^ 


VOCABULARIES  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES, 


TAKEN    ON   THE 


EXPEDITION  FOR  EXPLORING 


THE 


MISSISSIPPI  AND  ITS  WESTERN  WATERS, 


T7NDEE  THE  COMMASD  OP 


MAJOR  S.  H.  LONG, 


OF  THE  UNITED  STATES'  TOPOGRAPHICAL  ENGINEERS, 
IN  1819  AND  1820. 


PHILADELPHIA 

1832. 


PREFACE. 


I  SHALL  preface  this  manuscript,  by  giving  an  account  of 
the  instruments  with  which  the  expedition  was  tarnished,  for 
making  observations. 

1st.  A  bell-metal  sextant  of  seven  inches  radius,  divided 
by  the  assistance  of  the  vernier  to  15"  on  a  silver  arch,  ex- 
ecuted by  Spencer,  Browning  and  Rust,   London. 

2d.  Another  sextant  of  brass,  five  inches  radius,  divided 
on  a  silver  arch  by  the  assistance  of  the  vernier  to  30"  ;  made 
by  Gary,  London.  It  is  a  convenient  and  portable  instru- 
ment: the  handle,  the  supporter  of  the  telescope,  and  the 
compound  microscope  for  reading  off  angles,  may  be  de- 
tached readily,  and  packed  in  the  case  containing  the  instru- 
ment when  travelling. 

3d.  A  circle  of  reflection,  of  brass,  divided  on  a  brass 
limb  by  the  assistance  of  the  vernier  to  30",  which  may  be 
subdivided  by  the  eye  to  the  nearest  15".  The  graduated 
limb  is  twelve  inches  in  diameter,  made  by  Spencer,  Brown- 
ing and  Rust,  London.  It  is  not  constructed  with  the  greatest 
nicety,  and  the  larger  sextant  was  preferred  to  it  for  Lunar 
distances. 

4th.  An  artificial  horizon  of  mercury  with  a  glass  roof,  the 
surfaces  of  which  were  ground  parallel,  and  then  polished 
smooth,  to  prevent  errors  from  an  irregular  refraction.  The 
mercury  is  carried  in  a  wooden  box  ;  and  the  cup  for  holding 
it,  with  the  roof,  are  secured  in  a  box  together,  when  tra- 
velling. 

5th.  Another  smaller  roof  which  I  had  made  at  Engineer 
Cantonment,  after  the  same  plan,  out  of  two  speculum 
glasses  for  a  sextant,  which  were  provided  in  Philadelphia. 
I  made  use  of  this  roof  with  a  mercurial  horizon,  for  observ- 
ing the  double  altitudes  of  the  sun  and  stars  after  I  separated 
from  Major  Long  at  Engineer  Cantonment,  and  found  that 
by  being  cautious  to  bring  the  direct  and  reflected  images  of 
the  object  whose  double  altitude  was  observed,  in  contact,  in 
the  middle  of  the  cup  of  mercury,  it  answered  as  well  as  the 
larger  horizon  and  roof. 


IV  PREFACE. 

6th.  An  achromatic  telescope  of  four  feet  in  length,  for 
observing  eclipses  of  Jupiter's  satellites ;  the  magnifying 
power  I  used  for  this  purpose,  was  about  120. 

7th.  A  box  chronometer,  by  Tobias  and  Levitt,  London. 

8th.  A  pocket  chronometer  cased  like  a  common  watch, 
by  Brockbank,  London. 

The  rates  of  going  of  both  these  time-pieces  will  be  found 
among  the  Astronomical  Calculations. 

9th.  An  instrument  for  observing  the  dip  of  the  magnetic 
needle,  executed  for  the  use  of  the  Expedition,  by  Mr.  I. 
Lukens  of  Philadelphia,  after  an  ingenious  manner.  It  con- 
sisted of  a  vertical  circle  of  brass,  graduated  to  half  degrees, 
in  the  centre  of  which  a  needle  between  nine  and  ten  inches 
in  length,  was  suspended  in  the  middle  by  two  nicely  polished 
points  resting  in  sockets.  It  was  furnished  with  two  spirit- 
levels  at  right  angles  to  each  other,  and  leveling  screws.  In 
order  to  observe  the  dip,  the  graduated  vertical  circle  or 
limb  must  be  placed  so  that  its  plane  shall  coincide  with  that  of 
the  magnetic  meridian,  which  is  done  by  means  of  a  surveyor's 
compass,  or  a  common  pocket  compass  will  serve  for  this : 
the  instrument  is  then. levelled,  and  the  dip  read  off  on  two 
opposite  points  of  the  limb.  By  revolving  the  instrument 
round  on  its  vertical  diameter,  and  again  adjusting  the  levels, 
two  other  readings  may  be  obtained  on  opposite  points  of  the 
limb.  Thus  the  mean  of  four  observations  may  be  taken  for 
the  true  dip,  corrected  by  each  other  for  any  imperceptible 
errors  in  the  graduation  of  the  limb,  levelling  of  the  instru- 
ment, or  eccentricity  in  the  fixture  of  the  needle  in  its  sockets. 
I  conceive  that  the  dip  may  be  obtained  within  5',  although 
the  circle  is  only  graduated  to  30'. 

10th.  An  azimuth  compass  with  a  needle  and  card  six 
inches  in  diameter,  graduated  to  half  degrees,  which  might 
be  subdivided  by  the  eye  to  10'.  The  magnetic  variation 
was  determined  by  observing  with  this  instrument  the  mag- 
netic azimuth  and  amplitudes  of  the  sun. — Made  by  Richard 
Patten,  New  York. 

11th.  A  common  surveyor's  compass,  with  a  needle  six 
inches  long.  This  instrument  was  used  in  tracing  the  course 
of  the  Missouri,  as  laid  down  on  the  map  of  the  country 
taken  by  Major  Long  and  Lieutenant  Swift. — Made  by  the 
same. 

12th.  A  fifty  feet  chain,  with  links  each  a  foot  long,  con- 
venient for  travelling. — By  the  same. 

13th.  A  small  theodolite,  four  and  an  half  inches  in  dia- 


PREFACE.  V 

meter,  graduated  to  30'  by  the  vernier,  for  trigonometrical 
purposes. 

14th.  Three  mountain  barometers,  by  M.  Fisher  and  Son. 
Two  of  them  got  entirely  out  of  order  in  the  course  of  our 
travels. 

15th.  Several  mercurial  thermometers,  and  one  of  alcohol. 
By  the  same,  graduated  by  Fahrenheit's  scale. 

"  16th.  Our  collection  of  instruments  also  embraced  several 
of  less  note,  viz.  six  travelling  compasses,  several  pocket 
compasses,  a  small  pocket  telescope  by  Doland,  several  mi- 
croscopes, a  measuring  tape,  &c.  Sec." 

The  astronomical  and  other  calculations  are  divided  into 
two  parts.  Part  first,  contains  the  observations  which  were 
made  and  calculated  entirely  by  myself  except  in  one  or  two 
instances.  I  have  entered  the  observations  of  my  friend  Lieu- 
tenant A.  Talcott  of  the  corps  of  Engineers,  made  when  we 
were  travelling'together,  and  have  taken  a  mean  between  the 
results  obtained  by  him  and  mvself  in  those  instances.  Part 
second  contains  the  observations  which  were  made  by  Major 
Long  and  Lieutenant  Swift  after  I  separated  from  them  at 
Engineer  Cantonment,  and  which  were  afterwards  calculated 
by  me  while  those  officers  were  engaged  in  projecting  maps 
of  the  country  explored  by  the  Expedition. 

All  the  latitudes  in  Part  first,  and  all  except  three  in  Part 
second,  are  deduced  from  the  double  meridian  altitudes  of 
the  sun  or  stars,  (and  in  one  other  instance  in  Part  second, 
the  double  meridian  altitude  of  the  moon  was  observed,)  to 
which  the  index  error  of  the  instrument  is  applied,  which  was 
always  determined  immediately  preceding  or  after  the  obser- 
vation, by  measuring  the  diameter  of  the  sun  from  each  side 
of  0,  (zero,)  on  the  limbs  of  the  instrument,  and  taking  half 
the  difference  of  the  diameters  thus  measured,  for  the  index 
error,  which  was  called  +  (plus,)  and  added  when  the  ex- 
cess was  on  the  negative  or  right  hand  side  of  0  on  the  limb 
of  the  instrument,  otherwise  the  error  was  called  — ,  (minus,) 
and  subtracted  from  the  observed  double  altitude.  In  Part 
first  the  refractions  answering  to  the  apparent  altitudes  of  the 
objects  have  alwavs  been  corrected  for  the  state  of  the  baro- 
meter and  thermometer,  so  that  if  any  one  should  choose  to 
look  them  over,  this  correction  must  be  found  by  reference  to 
the  meteorological  register,  which  will  accompany  this  paper. 
In  'Part  second  the  refractions  could  not  be  corrected  for  the 
state  of  the  atmosphere,  as  there  was  no  barometer  to  refer  to. 
All  the  observations  in  Part  second  for  latitude,  longitude  by 


VI  PREFACE. 

lunar  distances,  and  for  the  correction  of  the  time,  were  made 
with  the  small  sextant  of  five  inches  radius. 

In  Part  first,  the  observations  for  latitude  previous  to  the 
31st  August,  1819,  were  made  with  the  circle  of  reflection, 
used  as  a  sextant.  After  that  time  they  were  made  with  the 
larger  sextant,  except  those  made  while  traversing  the  coun- 
try in  the  vicinity  of  the  Council  Bluff  and  at  the  Pawnee 
Village,  and  also  one  made  at  Engineer  Cantonment  on  the 
20th  March,  1820,  which  were  made  with  the  smaller  sextant 
of  five  inches  radius,  it  being  better  calculated  for  land  ex- 
cursions than  the  other.  All  the  lunar  distances  in  Part  first 
were  taken  with  the  larger  one. 

The  first  and  most  important  point  in  determining  the  lon- 
gitude, is  to  have  the  time  and  the  rate  of  the  time-piece 
well  regulated.  The  method  I  pursued  for  this  purpose  was 
by  equal  altitudes  of  the  sun,  and  sometime?  of  the  stars  be- 
fore and  after  passing  the  meridian.  For  accuracy,  provided 
your  time-piece  is  pretty  uniform  in  its  rate  of  going,  whe- 
ther it  should  gain  or  lose  time,  this  method  is  perhaps  pre- 
ferable to  any  other  that  can  be  pursued  with  the  use  of  an 
instrument  of  reflection,  such  as  a  sextant  or  quadrant. 

In  determining  the  longitude  from  lunar  distances  the  only 
data  have  been  the  latitude  of  the  place  determined  from  ob- 
servation, the  observed  distance  of  the  moon  from  the  sun  or 
stars  and  the  correct  apparent  time  of  observation.  The  true 
and  apparent  altitudes  of  the  objects  are  inferred  from  the 
apparent  time  and  latitude.  In  Part  first  the  moon's  horizon- 
tal parallax  obtained  from  the  nautical  almanac  is  corrected 
for  the  spheroidal  figure  of  the  earth,  and  according  to  the 
latitude  of  the  place  of  observation.  This  correction  was  not 
applied  in  the  calculations  of  Part  second.  The  difference  it  oc- 
casions in  the  result  is  of  little  moment,  within  what  might  be 
considered  as  errors  of  observation.  In  computing  the  right 
ascension  and  declination  of  the  moon  the  equation  of  second 
diflPerence,  a  correction  arising  from  the  unequal  motion  of 
the  moon,  has  in  every  case  been  applied  to  the  proportional 
part  of  the  variation  of  right  ascension  and  declination  cor- 
responding to  the  time  from  noon  or  midnight  when  the  ob- 
servation was  made  in  order  to  get  the  moon's  true  place  at 
the  given  time. 

One  lunar  observation  made  at  St.  Louis,  and  three  at 
Franklin,  (Missouri,)  are  calculated  altogether  by  spherical 
trigonometry,  a  method  which  I  had  practised  under  my  in- 
structor, the  late  venerable  Professor  Ellicott,  of  the  Military 


PREFACE.  Vn 

Academy.  It  is  very  exact  but  too  long  for  usual  practice.  I 
afterwards  adopted  Dr.  Mackay's  methods,  both  for  calcu- 
lating the  true  and  apparent  altitudes  of  the  objects,  and  for 
reducing  the  apparent  to  the  true  distance,  which  are  ren- 
dered very  concise  by  means  of  his  table  of  natural  versed 
sines.* 

It  is  hoped  that  the  following  astronomical  computations 
will  be  found  to  correct  many  errors  in  the  geography  of  the 
country  west  of  the  Mississippi,  as  laid  down  even  on  some 
of  the  latest  and  most  approved  maps.  On  Melish's  latest 
map  of  the  United  States  and  contiguous  Spanish  and  British 
Provinces,  (entered  according  to  the  Act  of  Congress,  June 
16th,  1820,)  we  find  the  spot  where  Engineer  Cantonment 
was  constructed,  (three  miles  S.  E.  of  the  point  known  by  the 
name  of  the  Council  Bluff,)  laid  down  in  41°  42'  of  N .  latitude, 
and  96°  50'  of  longitude  W.  of  the  meridian  of  Greenwich. 
By  fourteen  meridian  observations  of  the  sun  and  stars  I  ob- 
tained for  the  latitude  of  that  place  41°  25'  03.9"  N.  and  for- 
ty-two distances  of  the  moon  from  the  sun  and  stars,  together 
with  three  eclipses  of  Jupiter's  Satellites,  gave  me  for  the  lon- 
gitude 95°  43'  53"  W.  of  Greenwich.  The  position  of  the 
mouth  of  the  river  Platte  is  equally  erroneous  in  longitude, 
and  6'  of  latitude  too  far  north,  according  to  the  same.  We 
find  on  the  same  map,  that  the  highest  peak  between  the  head 
waters  of  the  Platte  and  Arkansa,  is  laid  down  in  latitude 
40°  42'  N.  and  longitude  107°  20'  W.  whereas  its  position  de- 
termined from  the  observations  of  Major  Long  and  Lieut. 
Swift  made  near  it,  is  38°  53'  N.  lat.  and  105°  52'  W.  long. 
But  by  a  map  of  Mexico,  Louisiana,  Mississippi  Territory, 
&c.  by  John  H.  Robinson,  M.  D.  &c.  &c.  (published  in  Phi- 
ladelphia in  1819,)  who  traversed  the  country  with  the  expe- 
dition under  the  gallant  and  enterprising  Pike  in  1806-7,  the 
position  given  this  remarkable  point  is  41°  30'  N.  lat.  and 
111°  20'  W.  long,  from  Greenwich,  which  is  too  far  north  by 
2°  37'  of  latitude,  and  too  far  west  by  5°  28'  of  longitude  !  ! 
This  will  show  what  errors  travellers  are  liable  to  commit  in 
laying  down  plans  of  countries  they  have  explored  unless 
they  have  had  recourse  to  astronomical  observations  for  the 
purpose  of  determining  the  geographical  positions  of  remark- 
able points. 

Considerable  pains  have  been  taken  in  overlooking  the  cal- 

♦The  theoi'y  and  practice  of  finding  the  longitude  at  sea  or  on  land,  &c.  by 
Dr.  Andrew  Mackay,  in  2  vols.  London,  1810. 


via  PRKiACE. 

culations  since  they  were  first  made.  They  may  not  yet  be 
entirely  free  from  inaccuracies,  though  it  is  believed  that  none 
of  magnitude  will  be  foQnd  among  them. 

(Signed) 

J.  D.  GRAHAM, 
Lieut.  U.  S,  Artillery. 
Philadelphia,  July^  1821. 


PART  I. 

Containing  Astronomical  Observations  and  Calculations  made  on  the 
Expedition  for  exploring'  the  wafers  nf  the  Mississippi  and  coun- 
try  west  of  it,  under  the  command  of  Major  S.  H.  Long,  of  the 
United  States''  Topographical  Engineers,  in  1819  and  1820.  By 
J.  D.  Graham,  Lieut.  U.  S.  Artillery. 


Pittsburgh,  Pennsylvania,  May  1st,  1819. 
Magnetic  dip,  as  ascertained  by  several  observations,  78^  12'. 


Observations  made  at  Ship  pin  gsport,  Kentucky. 


May  20,  1819. 
May  21,  1819, 


Dip  of  magnetic  needle,  70°  15' 

Meridian  double  altitude  of? 
sun's  lower  limb                 5 

Latitude  deduced 

143°  13'  07" 

38    15   23     N. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 

Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 

Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

2"  45'  32" 

3''  33'  51" 

27'  51"  too  fast. 

2   22   07 
2   20   43 
2    19    18 

3    10    14    ") 
3    08    54     [ 
3    07   31    J 

27'  42"  fast. 
Mean  time. 

May  21,  1819. 
May  22,  1819. 


Variation  of  time-piece  between  noon  of  the  21st  and  that  of  the  22d 
was  9"  losing.  Set  the  chronometer  on  the  morning  of  the  23d  to 
mean  time. 

Camp  on  the  Mississippi  River,  near  the  mouth  of  the  Merameg. 
June  8th,  1819. 


June  8th,  1819. 


Meridian    double   altitude   of  ? 
sun's  lower  limb                     5 

Latitude  deduced     - 

Mouth  of  Merameg  south  of  Camp 

Latitude  of  the  mouth  of  Mera-^ 
meg  river                                   5 

148° 

16' 

30" 

38 

26 
02 

09 
30 

N. 

38 

23 

39 

N. 

Magnetic  dip  at  this  place     - 

70 

00 

00 

B 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  &?c. 


Observations  made  at  St.  Louis,  Missouri  Territory. 


June  15,  1819. 


June  16,  1819. 


Meriiliaii    double   altitude   of   ? 
suii's  lower  limb                      5 

Latitude  deduced     - 

148°  54' 22'' 

38    36    14    N. 

Magnetic  dip  by  a  mean  of  se-  ? 
veral  experiments                     5 

70    30 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  the  error  of  Time-piece. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


June  16,  1819. 


*d  mean  of  eight  Lunar  distances,  and  the  time  corresponding,  was 
found  as  follows. 
Time  per  Chrono-  Distance  of  nearest 
meter,  A  M.  limbs. 


June  16,  1819. 


6"  34'  261' 


69°  51'  30i" 


Index  Error. 


+  ^5^ 


Data  resulting  from  the  foregoing  Lunar  Observations. 

St.  Louis,  June  16,  1819.  In  latitude  38°  36'  18"  N.  and  longi- 
tude about  6"  W.  of  the  meridian  of  Greenwich,  at  6^  34'  26^"  A. 
TVI.  civil  account  per  chronometer,  the  distance  of  the  nearest  limbs 
of  the  sun  and  moon  was  observed  to  be  69**  51'  46"  to  find  the  lon- 
gitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6"  00'  25",  or  90°  06'  15"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

»N*ote.  The  chronometer  run  down  on  the  night  of  the  16th,  so 
that  the  subsequent  error  in  time,  compared  with  the  preceding, 
aflfords  no  data  to  estimate  the  rate  of  the  time-piece. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  the  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


June  17, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon 
A.  M. 


4h  42'  23" 
4    41     03 
4    39    42i 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


5'  201"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Observations  at  St.  Louis,  to  ascertain  the  magnetic  variation. 


June  17,  1819. 


Double  altitude  of 
Sun's  upper  limb. 


Magnetic  varia- 
tion. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c. 


XI 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


June  18,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  57'  36" 
3     36    15 
3     34    55 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


3"  48'  16" 
3    46    55 
3    45    35 


} 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4'  46"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


June  19,  1819. 


June  19, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


2    45    50} 
2    44    281- 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


57 
55 
54 


'  071"-) 
461  I 
25|    J 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4'  11"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


149°  08'  45" 


58   36   36  N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


June  20,  1819. 


June  20, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


41"  00'  15" 
3    58    56 
3    57    35 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


4''  09 
4  08 
4    06 


'  30"  1 
51    J 


Meridian  double   altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


3'  57}'[  fast. 
Mean  time. 


149°  11'  25" 


38   36   05  N. 


Latitude  of  St.  Louis  by  observation  of  June  15 
Do.  do.  June  19 

Do.  do.  June  20 


Do.  by  a  mean  of  the  preceding  obser- 
vations ... 


38°  36'  14"  N. 
38  36  36  N. 
38   36   05    N. 


38   36   18     N. 


Rate  of  Time-piece  between  the  17th  and  9.0th  of  June,  1819. 

Variation. 


Fast  for  mean  time  5'  20"  30" 
Do.  4   46    00 

Do.  4    11     00 

Do.  3    37    30 


34"  30'"  losing. 
35    00      do. 
33    30      do. 


June  17,1819. 

18, 
19. 

20, 

JVofe.  The  foregoing  results  show  the  mean  rate  of  the  time-piece, 
(Chronometer  by  Tobias  &  Levitt,  London,)  in  three  days  to  be  34" 
20'" — daily  losing. 

Magnetic  dip  at  Belle-Fontaine,  Missouri,  June  23  I     70°  00' 
Do.  at  St.  Charles,  Missouri,  June  25        j    70    05 


xii  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c. 


Observations  at  our  Camp  on  the  Missouri  river. 


June  28, 1819. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


149°  06'  25" 


38    34    33  N. 


Magnetic  dip  at  Cote  Sans  Dessein,  Missouri,    )  i     -,^o     „, 
July  6  -  -  -  -  ^  j     /u    ou 

Observations  made  at  Franklin,  Howard  County,  Missouri. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 

Time  from  Noon, 


'July  16, 1819. 


July  16,  1819. 


July  17,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


4h  14'  26" 
4  13  G5^ 
4    11    46 


P.  M. 


22'  051"    ^ 

20  45     y 

19    241      J 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb         -       , 

Latitude  deduced 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

r  41"  17'"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


144°  29'  30" 


38    56   57  N. 


144    10    15 


38    56   45  N. 


The  following  are  means  of  three  sets  of  lunar  distances  of  Moon  from 

Sun,  taken  at  Franklin,  Missoun. 

Time  per  Chro-     Distance  of  nearest 


nometer,  A.M. 


limbs 


July  16,  1819.  S''  08'  35|" 

16,  8    15    52 

17,  8    29   041 

Magnetic  dip  at  Franklin,  July  i; 


62°  23 
62  20 
50    46 


3'  11"! 
0  52^  \ 
6    18    J 


Index  error  cor- 
rected. 


69°  30' 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


I  Time  from  Noon, 

A.  M. 


July  17,  1819. 


July  18,  1819. 


3"  03'  381" 
3    02    17 
3    00   56 


rime  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


"  10'  141"  1 
08  53  \ 
07    SO        J 


Meridian  double  altitude  of< 
sun's  lower  limb        -         < 

Latitude  deduced     - 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


2'  20"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


143°  47'  41" 


38   57  46  N. 


Astronomical  ana  Meteorological  Records^  &?c.  xiii 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sim  to  find  error  of  Time-piece  at  noon. 


July  18,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  13'  111" 
3    11    50 
3    10    29 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

2'  58"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


Latitude  of  Franklin  by  observation  of  July  16 
Do.  do.  do.    17 

Do.  do.  do.    18 


Do. 


do.  by  mean  of  three  observations    38   57  09  N. 


38°  56'  57"  N. 
38  56  45  N. 
38   57   46  N. 


Observations  at  Franklin  to  ascertain  the  magnetic  variation. 


July  18,  1819. 


Magnetic  azimuth  of  sun's 

centre,  A.  M. 
Magnetic  azimuth  of  sun's 

centre,  P.M.  same  altitude 

Magnetic  variation  deduced 


S.lll°  20' E.* 
S.  87    50  W. 


11    42    E. 


Rate  of  Time-piece,  (chronometer  bij  Tobias  8^  Levitt,)  at  Franklin. 

Daily  losing'. 


July  16,  1819. 

July  17, 1819. 

July  18,  1819.  j  Do.      do. 


Slow  for  mean 

time 
Do.      do. 


1'41"  17' 

2  20    00 
2   58    00 


38"  43'" 
38     00 


Data  for  the  calculation  of  the  Longitude  of  Franklin. 

1st.  July  16,  1819.  At  8"  08'  35i"  A.  M.  civil  account  per  chro- 
nometer, the  distance  of  the  nearest  limbs  of  the  sun  and  moon  was 
observed  to  be  62°  23'  U",  the  latitude  by  observation  being  38°  57' 
09"  N.,  longitude  estimated  at  6"  10'  W.  of  Greenwich  to  find  the 
true  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6'»  11'  43"  or  92°  55'  45"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

2d.  At  8''  15'  52"  A.  M.  per  chronometer,  the  distance  of  the  near- 
est limbs  of  the  sun  and  moon  was  observed  to  be  62°  20'  52^"  on 
the  16th  of  July  to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6"  11'  58^"  or  92°  59'  37"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

3d.  July  17,  1819.  At  %^  29'  04i"  A.  M.  per  chronometer,  the  dis- 
tance of  the  nearest  limbs  of  the  sun  and  moon  was  observed  to  be 
50°  46'  18"  to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6'>  1 1'  431"  or  92°  55'  59.1"  W.of  Greenwich. 

•  The  eastern  and  western  azimuths  are  both  reckoned  from  the  same  point 
(the  south,)  disregarding  the  usual  method  of  stating  courses. 


xiv  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  &fc. 


Longitiule  of  Franklin  by  observation,  July 

16,  (1st  set)       -  -            -            - 

Do.                       do.  July  16,  (2d  set.) 

Do.                       do.  July  17 

Do.    do.  by  a  mean  of  the  precedinji;  observations 
Magnetic  dip  at  Charaton,  Missouri,  July  24  |  69   50 

Observations  at  our  Camp  on  the  Missouri. 


92" 

55' 

45"  W. 

92 

59 

37 

92 

55 

52i 

92 

57 

05  W. 

July  28, 

1819. 
1819. 
1819. 

Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 

\ 

139°  27'  20" 

39  06   37  N. 

July  28, 

Magnetic  amplitude  of  sun's  ? 
centre  at  sunset          -         5 

Magnetic  variation  deduced 

W.  13°  10'  N. 

11    40   32  E. 

July  28, 

Magnetic  dip  at  our  camp 

69   45 

August  1st.  By  a  series  of  barometrical  observations  made  t© 
ascertain  the  height  of  the  river  Bluffs,  near  our  camp,  on  the  Mis- 
souri, it  appears  that  their  elevation  above  the  bottom  is  150  feet. 


Observations  made  at  Fort  Osage^  Missouri. 


Aug.  4,  1819. 
Aug.  5, 1819. 

Aug.  9, 1819. 


Magnetic  dip  by  several  experi- 
ments 


Meridian  double   altitude   of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude   of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Latitude  of  Fort  Osage  by  a  mean  of  the  pre- 
ceding observations         .         -         -        - 


69'  18' 


135°  21' 

15" 

39    09 

40  N. 

133    08 

10 

39   09 

27  N. 

39    09  334  N. 


Observations  made  at  Isle  Jiux  Vaches,  (Cow  Island, J  Missouri 

river. 
Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 


Aug.  19, 1819. 


Latitude  deduced 


126°  29' 


39°  24'  47"  N. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c. 


XV 


Aug.  20,  1819. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Latitude  of  Cow  Island  by  a  mean  of  the  pre- 
cedins;  observations        ... 


Aug.  22, 1819. 


Magnetic  dip  at  Cow  Island 


Magnetic  azimuth  of  sun's  cen- 
tre, A.  M. 

Do.  do.    P.  M.  same  alt. 

Time  elapsed  between  the  ob- 
servations 

Magnetic  variation  deduced 


125°  48'  30" 


39 

25    22|-  N. 

39 

25   04»  N. 

69 

50 

S.  100°  08'  E. 
S.    77   00  W. 
Qh  44' 

11°  32'  37"  E. 


Observations  at  our  Cawp  on  Missouri  river. 


Aug.  31,1819. 


Meridian   double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


117°  25'  00" 


39    49    01    N. 


Observations  at  the  Missouri  Fur  Company^s  Establishment,  (Fort 

Lisa.) 


Sept.  19,  1819. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


99°  55'  19" 


41     24    13    N. 


Observations  made  at  Engineer  Cantonment,    the  wintering 
POST  OF  the  Exploring  Expedition,  in  1819 — 20. 
Meridian  double  altitude   of 
sun's  lower  limb 


Sept.  21,  1819. 


Sept.  22, 1819. 


Sept.  22, 1819. 


Index  error,  —  40"  latitude 
deduced 


Magnetic  azimuth  of  sun's  cen 

tre,  A.  M. 
Do.  Do.        P.  M.  id.  alt 

Time  elapsed  between  the  ob 

servations 

Magnetic  variation  deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 


98°  20'  35" 


41     25    05   N. 


S.85°  55'  E. 
S.59  45  W. 
8"  32' 


lS°58'49i"E. 


97     33   45 


xvi  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c. 

40"  latitude 


Sept.  24, 1819. 


Sept.  24,  1819. 


Index  error, 

deduced 
Meridian  double   altitude  of 

sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error,  —  40"  latitude 
deduced 


Magnetic  azimuth  of  sun's  cen- 
tre, A.  M. 
Do.  Do.        P.  M.  id.  alt. 

Time  elapsed  between  obser- 
vations 

Mao;netic  variation  deduced 


i 


41°  25'  05^"  N. 
96     00    20 


41°    25  00   N. 


S.85°  40'  E. 
S.59  30  W. 
8"  34' 


12°  58'  48"  E. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 

Error  of  Time- 


Sept.  24, 1819. 


Sept.  25,  1819. 
Sept.  25, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2,^  57'  26" 
3     55    55 
3     54    23  J- 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


3"  58'  20"  ^ 
3  56  49  [ 
3     55    18i  3 


piece. 


8'  35"  30'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  04'  50" 


Time  from  Noon, 
P  M. 


SI"  04'  25^' 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


8'   15"  40'"  fast. 


Meridian  double   altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error,  —  40"  latitude 
deduced 


95°  13'  10" 


41     25     09    N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
nometer.) 


Sept.  26, 1819. 
Sept.  26, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


31'  15'  15i 
3  13  35i 
3     11    56 


Time  from  Noon,  I     Error  of  Time- 
P.  M.  I  piece. 


q'  48i"  "4 

2    09       I'  8' 05"  10'" 

0    30      jl  Meantime. 


3"^  13'  48i 
3     1 
3     1 


fast. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  ? 

sun's  lower  limb  -  5 

Index  error,  —  40"  latitude  \ 

deduced  -  -  3 


94<='  26'  40" 


41     24    57     N. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  £s?c.         xvii 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
nometer.) 


Sept.  27,  1819. 
Sept.  9.7,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 

A.  \r. 


3''  35'  11' 
3  33  35 
3     32    00 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M.* 


3''  32'  44i" 
3     31    091 
3     29    35 


I"  1 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


7'  55"  Hist. 
Mean  time. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error,  —  40".  Latitude 
deduced 


93°  39'  20" 


41     25    08     N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
nometer. J 
By  large  Sextant. 


Nov.  16,  1819. 


By  small  Sextant. 


Nov.  16,  1819. 


By  Circle  of  Re- 
flection. 


Nov.  16,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M 


5^  12'  53" 
Lost. 

3    08    47 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


5^  02'  35i" 
3     00    28i 
2     58    204- 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2''  45'   16" 
2    42    58 
2    40    4U 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  53 
Lost 
2    49 


3'  28"  1 
9    23i  J 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  43 
2  41 
2    38 


'  13"  1 
04i  [ 
57i  } 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  25'  511"  ") 
2  23  36A  I 
2    21    18       J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


9'  30^^  12'^^slow. 
Apparent  time. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


9'  29"  40"'  slow.. 
Apparent  time. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


9'  29"  44"'  slow. 
Apparent  time. 


Error  of  Time-piece,  by  a  mean  of  the  preced- 
ing observations.  Apparent  time 
Do.  Do.  Mean  time 


9'  29"  52'"  slow. 
5   35     00     fast. 


By  Circle  of  Re- 
flection. 

Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 

Time  from  Noon, 
P  M. 

Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

Nov.  24,  1819. 

2"  46'  261" 
2    44    09 
2    41    48 

2     28'  58"  1 
2    26    41      [ 
2     24    20    J 

8'  34"  15'"  slow. 
Apparent  time. 

By  small  Sextant. 

Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 

Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 

Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

Nov.  24,  1819. 

2"  57'  11" 

2     52    45 

2"  39'  43" 
2    35    16 

8'  34"  25'"  slow. 
Apparent  time. 

c 


xviii         Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c. 


Error  of  Time-piece,  by  a  mean  of  the  preceding  >    g,  g^,,  g^,,,  ^^^ 
observations.    Apparent  time,      -  -         )         ^ 

Do.  Do.    •    Mean  time,        -  -  4   35    37     fast. 

Lunar  distance  and  time  correspondent,  being  the  mean  of  seven  ob- 
servations. The  farthest  limb  of  moon  from  the  star  a,.  Arietis. 
Time  per  pocket     Distance  of  Moon 


Nov.  24,  1819. 


chronom.  A.  M 


8"  24'  30" 
Baromet.  28.66 


and  Star. 


57°  41'  45" 
Thermomet.  40° 


Index  eiTor. 


+    1'  32" 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  f  pocket  chro- 
nometer,) at  noon. 


Nov.  26,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2"  49'  21" 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  33'  23" 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4' 43"  fast.M.T. 


At  Engineer  Cantonment,  in  latitude  41°  25'  N.  and  longitude  by 
account  6"  23'  04"  W.  of  Greenwich,  on  the  24th  Nov.  1819,  at  8" 
24'  30"  P.  M.  civil  account  per  chronometer,  the  distance  of  the 
moon's  farthest  limb,  and  the  star  a.  Arietis,  was  observed  to  be  57° 
43'  17"  ;  to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6"  23'  10",  or  95°  47'  30"  W.  of  Greenwich^ 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  f pocket  chrono- 
meter, J  at  midnight. 


,  Time  before  Mid-    Time  after  Mid- 


night. 

night. 

piece. 

9"  24'  56" 
9    22   42i 
9    20    281 

9"  10'  39A"   ^ 
9    08    25         ). 
9    06    11        J 

4'  59"  34'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 

Error  of  Time- 


Nov.26,  1819. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 


Nov.  27, 1819. 


Nov.  27, 1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


ail  37'  071" 
2    34   431 
2    32    161- 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  21' 49' 
2  19  241 
2    16   57 


'} 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  ? 
sun's  upper  limb         -  5 

Index  error—  16".  Lat.  deduced 


En-or  of  Time- 
piece. 


4' 43"  10"' fast. 
Mean  time. 


55°  33'  40" 


41    25  08  N. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c.  xix 

Nov.  27.  Index  errors  of  sextant  when  glasses  of  different  shades 
were  used  as  skreens  before  the  speculum  and  horizon  glasses,  were 
observed  to  day,  as  follows : 

The  darkest  shades  but  one,  being  placed  before  both  reflectors  the 
index  error  was  —  16". 

The  lightest  shade  but  one  being  placed  before  the  horizon  glass, 
and  no  shade  before  the  index  speculum,  the  index  error  was,  + 
1'  32". 

The  eye  glass  of  the  telescope  being  shaded,  and  no  shade  before 
either  of  the  reflectors,  the  index  error  was,  +  17". 

On  the  evening  of  the  27th  Nov.  at  5^  50'  46"  per  time-piece, 
(pocket  chronometer,)  observed  an  emersion  of  Jupiter's  first  satel- 
lite. The  sky  very  clear,  and  the  belts  of  Jupiter  distinct  for  the 
magnifying  power  of  the  telescope,  to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced,  6"^  22'  43"  or  95"  40'  45"  W.  of  Greenwich. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
nometer,  J  at  midnight. 

Time  before  Mid-,  Time  after  Mid- 


Nov.27, 1819. 


Nov.  27,  1819. 


night. 


9"  33'  49" 
9    31    28 
9    29   09 


night. 


9"^  20'  09" 
9    17   49 
9    15    29i 


;} 


Meridian  double  altitude  of    ? 
the  star  Sirius  -  5 

Index  error  +  17".  Lat.  deduced 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4'  54"  35'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


64°  15'  40" 


41    25    10  N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chrono- 
meter,J  at  noon. 


I  Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


Nov.  28,1819. 


2"  44'  30" 
2    42    12 
2    39    53 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  29 
2  27 
.2    25 


'  44"  1 
26  } 
07        J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4'  39"  40'"  fast 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
meter,)  at  midnight. 

Time  before  mid-     Time  after  mid-        Error  of  Time- 
night,  night.  piece. 


Nov.  28.  1819. 


gu  34'  57" 
9    32    34 
9    30    13 


9"  21'  59A" 
9    19 
9    17 


591"  ^ 

38       Y 
16|    J 


5'  00"  15'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


XX 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  £sPc. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 
Time  from  Noon,    Time  from  Noon,       Error  of  Time- 


P.  M. 


Dec.  3,  1819. 


piece. 


5'  23"  24'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chrono- 
meter,) at  midnight. 


Dec.  3,  1819. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 

5'  43"  30"' fast. 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (pocket  chro- 
nometer,) at  noon. 


Dec.  4,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A   M. 


2"  40'  28" 
2  38  03i 
2     35    42A 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


2"  32'  024- 
2     29 

2     27 


'  o^"  1 

41        [ 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


5'  34"  07'" fast. 
Mean  time. 


Rate  of  Time-piece,    (pocket  chronometer,)  at 
ment,  between  the  2.4th  September  and  the  4th 
ducedfrom  the  preceding  observations. 


Sept.  24, 1819,  at  noon. 


Nov, 


Dec. 


25 
26 
27 
16 
24 
26 

») 
27 

28 

3 

?? 
4 


do 

do 

do 

do 

do 

do 
at  midnight 
at  noon, 
at  midnight, 
at  noon, 
at  midnight, 
at  noon, 
at  midnight, 
at  noon. 


Fast  for 
mean  time, 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 
do 


Engineer  Canton- 
December,  as  de- 

I  Var.  for  12  hours. 


8'  S5"  30' 

8  15  40 

8  05  10 

7  55  00 

5  35  00 

4  35 


37 


59 

uu 
34 

16 
16 

34 

94 

43 

10 

11 

95 

54 

35 

14 

55 

yy 

40 

"70 

35 

00 

15 

9,3 

09 

23 

24 

9,0 

06 

43 

30 

9 

93 

34 

07 

9"  55" 
5    15 


05 

24 
42 
51 


losing. 

do 

do 

do 

do 
gaining. 

do 
losing, 
gaining, 
losing, 
gaining. 

do 

do 
losinff. 


During  the  time  for  which  the  rate  of  the  pocket  chronometer  was 
determined  as  above  shown,  it  was  kept  suspended  in  the  cabin  of 
the  steam  boat,  which,  during  the  day  was  kept  warm  by  fire,  gene- 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  £s?c.  xxi 

rally  as  high  as  the  temperate  point,  and  sometimes  above  it.  At  night 
the  temperature  of  the  cabin  was  generally  near  the  freezing  point, 
and  particularly,  in  the  latter  part  of  November,  the  thermometer  va- 
ried from  2°  to  22°  below  freezing,  according  to  Fahrenheit's  scale. 
The  chronometer  was,  moreover,  wound  up  every  morning  at  nearly 
the  same  hour. 


Dec.  9,  1819. 


Dec.  15,  1819. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  upper  limb 

Index  error,  —  45".  Latitude 

deduced 
Meridian  double  altitude   of 

sun's  upper  limb 

Index  error,  —  SO".  Latitude 
deduced 


52°  08'  45' 


41     25    00   N. 
51     13    30 


41     25    00    N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronome- 

ter,)  at  noon. 


Dec.  17,  1819. 
Dec.  19,  1819. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2"  36'  41|" 
2     34    21 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


2"  4 

2    41    31 


5U" 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


7'  21"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  > 

sun's  upper  limb  -  5 

Index  error,  —  40".  Latitude  ^ 

deduced  -  -  3 


50°  55'  00' 


41     25    01     N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronome- 
ter,) at  noon. 


Dec.  19,  1819, 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


Si^  11'  54" 
2    09    06 
2    06   20i 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  14'  05 
2  11  21 
2    08    S3 


.} 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


3'   52"  fast 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronome- 
ter,) at  midnight. 


Dec.  19,  1819. 


Time  before  mid- 
nicfht. 


9"^  33'    17" 
9     30    46 
9     28    17 


Time  after  mid- 
night. 


9"  34'  25-1" 
9     31    56 
9    29    26 


1 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


3'  02"  22'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


xxii  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  &?c. 

Equal  altitudes  of  the  star  Capella,  (*.  JlurigoB,)  to  find  the  error 
of  Time-piece,  (box  chronometer,)  at  the  time  of  the  starts  tran- 
sit over  the  meridian. 


Dec.  19,  1819. 


Time  before  tran- 
sit by  astronomi- 
cal account. 


6"  46'  41"  33'" 


Double    altitudes 
of  star  Capella. 


85°  10'  00" 


Error  of  Time-piece  deduced 
for  mean  time 


Time  after  transit 
by  astronomical 
account. 


15"  42' 35"  46'" 


3'  06"  47" 'fast. 


These  observations  are  a  mean  of  nine  sets  of  altitudes,  taken  un- 
der favourable  circumstances. 

The  variation  of  the  Time-piece,  (box  chronometer,)  between  the 
noon  and  midnight  of  the  19th  December,  by  equal  altitudes  of  the 
sun  as  above,  is  found  to  be  49"  38'"  losing.  Taking  this  as  its  rate 
in  twelve  hours,  and  supposing  it  to  possess  a  perfectly  uniform  mo- 
tion, by  making  a  proportion  for  its  error  at  the  time  of  Capella's 
transit  over  the  meridian,  it  would  appear  to  be  3'  05"  33'"  fast 
for  mean  time  ;  but  its  error  at  that  time  is  found  by  observation  to 
be  3'  06"  47'",  making  a  difference  of  1"  14"'  from  a  truly  uni- 
form rate  in  the  space  of  11"  14'  02i"  of  time.  This  difference  is 
not  more  than  might  reasonably  be  attributed  to  errors  of  observations 
in  the  two  sets  of  equal  altitudes. 

Double  altitudes  of  the  star  Rigel,  C^.  OrioniSjJ  observed  when  near 
the  meridian,  together  with  the  correct  times  before  and  after  the 
transit — to  find  the  latitude. 


Dec.  19, 1819. 


Dec.  20,  1819. 


True  times  before 
and  after  Rigel's 

Numbers  from  ta- 
ble 33d  of  Bow- 

Double  altitudes  of 

transit. 

ditch's  Xavig. 

IVlgCI. 

0"  07'    10" 

51.4 

80° 

18'  30" 

0       5     34 

31.0 

80 

19    45 

0       4    21 

18.9 

80 

21     15 

0      3    20 

11.1 

80 

22    10 

0       1     18 

1.7 

80 

22    30 

0       0    17 

0.1 

80 

23    00 

0      2    04 

4.3 

80 

21    00 

0      4    46 

22.7 

80 

21    00 

0       7    20 

53.8 

80 

18    45 

0       8    27 

71.4 

80 

17    00 

Mean 

26.64 

80 

20    29^ 

Latitude  deduced 

41 

25    00     N. 

Meridian  doubl 
sun's  upper  1 

e  altitude   of   ? 
mb           -         5 

50° 

52'  50" 

jlndexerror  — l'04".Lat.deduc.|  41     25    04     N. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ££?c.        xxiii 

Dec.  20,  1819.  An  emersion  of  Jupiter's  first  satellite  was  ob- 
served at  6"  03'  15"  P.  M.  per  box  chronometer.  Some  flying  clouds. 
Sky  about  Jupiter  clear.  Error  and  rate  of  Time-piece  computed 
agreeably  to  the  results  before  stated  :  to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced  6"  22'  42"  22"',  or  95°  40'  S5i"  W.  from 
Greenwich. 

Equal  aitititdes  of  Capella,  fcc.Jtirigce,)  to  find  the  error  of  hox 
chronometer  at  the  time  of  CapelWs  transit  over  the  meridian. 

Time  after  transit 
by  astronomical 
account. 


Time  before  tran- 
sit by  astronomi- 
cal account. 


Dec.  23,  1819.        7"  12'  54"        101°  21'  26"      14"  32'  02' 
Chronometer  slow  for  mean  time,     0      3    21 


Double  altitudes 
of  Capella. 


The  foregoing  is  a  mean  of  seven  observations. 

Dec.  23,  1819.  An  emersion  of  Jupiter's  second  satellite  was  ob- 
served at  6"  32'  25"  P.  M.  per  Time-piece,  (box  chronometer.)  Sky 
very  clear. — Belts  of  Jupiter  distinct.  Thermometer  1°  below  zero, 
of  Fahrenheit's  scale.  Error  and  rate  of  Time-piece  to  be  estimated 
as  before; — to  find  the  longitude. 

Longitude  deduced  G^'  22'  33",  or  95°  38'  15"  W.  of  Greenwich. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,   (box  chrono- 
meter,J  at  noon. 
Time  from  Noon,    Time  from  Noon, 


Dec.  24,  1819. 


A.  M. 


2"  40'   13i" 
2     37    48 
2     35    22 


P.  M. 


2^  31'  10 
2  28  44. 
2     26     18 


f] 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


4' 17"  30'"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,)  box  chrono- 
meter,)  at  midnight. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


Dec.  24,  1819. 


The  following  is  a  mean  of  ten  lunar  distances  from  Sun,  for  col- 
cmatins:  the  longitude  at  Engineer  Cantonment. 


Dec.  24,  1919. 


Time  of  observa- 
tion, P.  M. 


1"  53'  43" 
Barometer  28.85 


Distance  of  near- 
est limbs. 


101°  42'  58" 
Thermomet.  19° 


Index  error. 


+   15' 


xxiv         Astronomical  atid  Meteorological  Records^  £s?c. 


Rate  and  error  of  Time-piece  to  be  estimated  from  the  foregoing 
observations. 
Longitude  deduced  &"  22'  56",  or  95°  44'  00"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  ( box  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 


Dec.  26,  1819, 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2"  38'  24|" 
2    35    56 
2    33    27 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


24'  33" 
22    06 
19    36 


} 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


7' 42"  14'"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


A  mean  of  nine  lunar  distances  from  star  Markah,  (a.  Pegasi,Jfor 
calculating  the  longitude. 


Dee.  26,  1819. 


Time  of  observa- 
tion per  Time- 
piece, P.  M. 


9''  05'   09" 
Baromet.  28.60 


Distance  of  Star 
and  Moon's  near- 
est limb. 


54°  24'  45" 
Thermomet.  28° 


Index  error. 


-f   1'  05' 


Error  and  rate  of  Time-piece  to  be  estimated  as  before. 
Longitude  deduced  6^  23'  03",  or  95°  45'  45"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronome- 
ter,) at  noon. 


Jan.  3,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


2"'  46'  33^" 
2    44    04 
2    41    36 


Timfe  from  Noon, 
P.  M. 


2"  14 
2  12 
2    09 


'  S3"    ■) 

06     y 

37      J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


20' 41  "39"' slow. 
Mean  time. 


A  mean  of  six  lunar  distances,  star  Pollux,  (^.  Geminorum,)  from 
farthest  limb  of  Moon,  for  calculating  the  longitude. 


Jan.  4,  1820. 


Time  of  observa- 
tion, P.  M. 


llh  35'  32" 
Baromet.  29.05 


Distance  of  Moon 
and  Star. 


46°  38'  36" 
Thermomet.  18° 


Index  error. 


-f   50' 


Error  and  rate  of  Time-piece  to  be  estimated  from  the  equal  alti- 
tudes next  following. 
Longitude  deduced  6^'  23"  34",  or  95°  53'  SO"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Timepiece,  (box  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 


Jan.  5, 1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  02'  41" 
3     00    23 
2    58    06 


Time  from  Noon, 
P  M. 


2"  25 
2  23 
2    21 


'  46"  ") 
27^  [ 
09      J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


24' 08" 39" 'slow. 
Mean  time. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c.  xxv 


Jan.  7,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  06'  40" 
3     04    24 
3    02    05 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M, 


"  24'  57"  1 
22  40  V 
20    23       j 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


27'  23"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


On  the  15th  January  the  box  chronometer  ran  down.  In  the  after- 
noon it  was  ae;ain  wound  up  and  re-adjustcd  by  a  watch  whose  error 
was  not  known. 

January  25.  A  trigonometrical  measurement  was  this  day  made  to 
ascertain  the  height  of  the  hills  near  Engineer  Cantonment,  above 
the  low-water  mark  of  the  INIissouri. 

The  altitude  of  the  highest  hill,  as  deduced  from  this  measurement, 
is  275  feet  above  low-water  mark. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  jind  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chrono- 
meter.) 

Time  from  Noon,     Time  from  Noon,  i      Error  of  Time- 
A.  M.  P.  M.  piece. 


Feb.  20, 1820. 


Feb.  20, 1820. 


2"  51'  44" 
2  49  55^: 
2    48    06 


Time  before  mid- 
night. 


19'   40" 
17    51 
16    03 


3''  43' 
3  42 
3    40 


56" 
0  9 
20 


11   11'431" 
I     Mean  tin 


Time  after  mid- 
night. 


9^  08'   19|" 
9    06    32 
9    04    44 


} 


A"  fast. 
time. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


10' 43"  50'"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


*9  mean  of  ten  lunar  distances^  between  the  nearest  limbs  of  sun  and 
moon.,  and  of  the  times  correspondent. 
Time  of  observa-       Distance  of  Sun 
tion,  P.  M.  and  Moon. 


Feb.  20,  1820. 


1"  50'  55" 
Baromet.  28.84 


88°  45'   56" 
Thermomet.  36*^ 


Index  error. 


—  28" 


Allowance  to  be  made  for  error  and  variation  of  time-piece. 
Longitijje  deduced  6"  22'  43"  or  95°  40'  45"  W.  of  Greenwich. 


March  20, 1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude   of  ")  ', 
sun's  lower  limb,  (small  sex- 
tant)        -  -  - 


} 


Index  error  —  4'  07".  Latitude 
I     deduced 


96°  47'  15" 


41    25    07  N. 


April  2,  1820.  In  order  to  ascertain  the  perpendicular  fall  of  the 
Missouri  in  a  given  distance,  I  measured  accurately  on  a  straight 
Vol.  II.  D 


xxvi        Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c. 

edge  of  the  shore,  two  distances  of  400  yards  each,  in  the  same  right 
line,  and,  with  a  leveling  instrument  well  adjusted  and  placed  at  the 
point  from  which  the  distances  were  measured  in  opposite  directions, 
found  the  difference  of  apparent  level  between  this  middle  point  and 
the  station  at  the  end  of  the  line  looking  down  the  river  to  be  3.5 
inches.  Then  turning  the  instrument  round  and  again  adjusting  its 
level,  found  the  difference  of  apparent  level  between  the  middle  point 
and  the  station  at  the  end  of  the  other  line,  looking  up  the  river,  to  be 
4.75  inches.  A  mean  of  the  two  gives  for  the  difference  of  apparent 
level  in  400  yards  ...  -  4.125  inches. 
Difference  of  true  and  apparent  level,  in  do.    .411  inches,  subtractivc. 

Perpendicular  fall  of  Missouri  in  400  yards  3.714  inches. 

The  perpendicular  fall  of  the  Missouri  agreeably  to  the  foregoing 
estimate  is  16.341  inches  per  mile. 

The  difference  in  the  apparent  levels,  obtained  by  the  two  observa- 
tions as  above,  may  be  attributed  to  the  effect  of  terrestrial  refraction, 
■which  in  the  first  instance  would  have  a  tendency  to  diminish  the  dif- 
ference of  apparent  level,  and  in  the  second,  to  augment  it.  It  was  in 
order  to  correct  this  effect  of  refraction,  and  also  any  imperceptible 
errors  in  the  adjustment  of  the  instrument,  that  the  method  was 
adopted  of  making  two  observations,  in  contrary  directions,  from  a 
fixed  point.  The  instrument  made  use  of  was  provided  with  a  spirit 
level  9  inches  in  length,  and  an  excellent  telescope  which  magnified 
about  thirty  times. 

The  observations  were  made  after  the  spring  flood  had  commenced, 
and  when  the  surface  of  the  river  was  thirteen  feet  above  the  low- 
water  mark. 


Results  of  the  Observations  made  at  Engineer  Cantonment. 
Rate,  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronometer,)  between  the  \7th  December, 


1819,  and  the  7th  of  January, 
tildes. 


1819. 
Dec.  17. 

19. 

5) 

23, 
24, 

26. 
1820. 
Jan.     3. 

5. 

7 


1820,  as  determined  by  equal  alii- 


Variation  of  Time- 
piece for  every  12 
hours. 


Chronometer  fast  for 
mean  time  at  noon 
Do.     do. 

Do.    do.  at  midnight 
Do.  slow  for  mean 
timeat  10"56'19i" 
Do.     do.  at  noon 
Do.     do.  at  midnight 
Do 


do.  at  noon 


Do. 
Do. 
Do. 


do. 
do. 
do. 


do. 
do. 
do. 


7'  21"  00'" 


52 
02 


00 

22 


3    21      00 


4 

5 
7 

20 

24 

27 


17 
09 
42 

41 

08 
23 


30 
00 
14 

39 
39 
00 


52"  15"'  losins:. 


49 

|8 

do. 

48 

27 

do. 

51 

53 

do. 

51 

30 

do. 

51 

04 

do. 

48 

42 

do. 

51 

45 

do. 

48 

35 

do. 

Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c.        xxvii 
Magnetic  variation  and  dip  at  Engineer  Cantonment. 


Sept.  22, 1819. 
24, 


The  magnetic  variation  was  ob- 
served to  be 
Do.  do. 

Magnetic  variation  by  a  mean ' 
of  the  above 


12°  58'  49A"  E. 
12   58   48      E. 


12   58   484    E. 


Sept  21, 

1819. 

joy  aoui 
sun 

22, 

Do. 

24, 

Do. 

25, 

Do. 

26, 

Do. 

27, 

Do. 

Nov.  27, 

Do. 

Jan.  7,  1820.  Magnetic  dip  by  several  observations]  71°  07|' 

Latitude  of  Engineer  Cantonment. 
By  double  meridian  altitude  of 

Do. 
Do. 
Do. 
Do. 
Do. 
Do. 
By  double  meridian  altitude  of 

star  Sirius 
By  double  meridian  altitude  of 
sun       -  -  - 

Do.  Do. 

Do.  Do. 

By  double  altitudes  of  Rigel 

and  apparent  times 
By  double  meridian  altitude  of 
sun      -  -  - 

Do.  Do. 


Dec.    9, 

15, 
19, 


20, 
March  20,  1820. 


41° 

25' 

05" 

N. 

41 

25 

051 

N. 

41 

25 

GO 

N. 

41 

25 

09 

N. 

41 

24 

57 

N. 

41 

25 

08 

N. 

41 

25 

08 

N. 

41 

25 

10 

N. 

41 

25 

00 

N. 

41 

25 

00 

N. 

41 

25 

01 

N. 

41 

25 

00 

N. 

41 

25 

04 

N. 

41 

25 

07 

N. 

41 

25 

03.9  N. 

Nov.  24,  1819. 

27, 


Longitude  of  Engineer  Cantonment  from  the  meridian  of  the  Royal 
Observatory  at  Greenwich. 

By  lunar  distances  from  «.  Arietis 
By  an  emersion  of  Jupiter's  first  > 
satellite  -  -         5 

Do.  do. 

Do.  of  Jupiter's  second  satellite 
By  lunar  distances  from  the  sun 
Do.  from  «.  Pegasi 
Do.  from  jS.  Geminorum 
Do.  from  the  sun 


Dec.  20, 

23, 

24, 

26, 
Jan.     4, 1820. 
Feb.  20, 


95° 

47' 

30" 

W. 

95 

40 

45 

w. 

95 

40 

35J 

w. 

95 

38 

15 

w. 

95 

44 

00 

w. 

95 

45 

45 

w. 

95 

53 

30 

w. 

95 

40 

45 

w. 

Mean  of  the  preceding  results    95    43    53    W 


xxviii      Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  t?c. 


Observations  made  at  the  mouth  of  the  river  Platte. 


Feb.  29,  1820.     Meridian  double  altitude  of 
stiar  Sirius,  {a.  Canis  majoris) 


March  1,  1820. 


March  2,  1820. 


March  3,  1820. 


Index  error- 
deduced 


4' 10".  Latitude 


Meridian  double  altitude  of    \ 
sun's  upper  limb         -  ' 

Index  error  —  4'  10".  Latitude 
deduced 


jSIeridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  4'  00".  Latitude  ^ 
deduced         -  "  5 


65°  03'  45" 


41    03    UN. 


83    44    30 


41    03    18  N. 


83    25    20 


41   03    16  N. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  4'  00".  Latitude 
deduced 


84    11   45 


41    03   07    N. 


41    03    13    N. 


Latitude  of  the  mouth  of  river  Platte  by  a 
mean  of  the  preceding  results 

The  foregoing  observations  were  made  with  the  sextant  of  5  inches 
radius,  and  at  the  most  northern  point  of  the  junction  of  the  river 
Platte  with  the  Missouri.  The  difference  of  latitude  of  the  two  shores 
is  about  one  minute.  For  further  remarks  and  observations  at  this 
place,  see  the  Meteorological  Register  for  the  montji  of  March. 

M  the  mouth  of  Elk-horn  river  tributary  to  the  Platte,  the  following 
observation  ivas  made  for  the  latitude. 


March  7,  1820. 


Meridian  double   altitude   of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error — 4'  15".  Latitude 
deduced 


87°  00'  00" 


41    12   00  N. 


On  the  12th  of  April,  trigonometrical  observations  were  made  in 
conjunction  with  Lieut.  Andrew  Talcott  of  the  corps  of  Engineers,  to 
ascertain  the  height  of  the  bluffs  near  the  pond  on  the  Boyer  river, 
1|  miles  above  its  junction  with  the  Missouri.  From  these  observa- 
tions, which  were  made  with  the  utmost  care  and  precision,  it  appears 
that  the  elevation  of  the  bluff  above  the  surface  of  the  pond  is  335.29 
feet.  The  bluff  of  which  tlic  height  is  found  as  above,  is  visible  on  the 
opposite  side  of  the  river  from  Engineer  Cantonment,  and  is  supposed 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ££?c.        xxix 

to  be  the  highest  hill  in  the  neighbourhood  of  the  Council  Bluft'.  By- 
adding  15  feet,  which  is  about  the  height  of  the  pond  above  the  low- 
water  mark  of  the  Missouri  river,  we  shall  have  350  feet  for  the  height 
of  the  top  of  the  bluft" above  the  low-water  mark  of  this  part  of  the  Mis- 
souri. 


M  the  point  ivhere  the  Missouri  bluffs  cross  the  Boyer  river,  the  fol- 
lowing observations  were  made  to  find  the  latitude. 


April  17, 1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude   of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  3 '  5 1 " .  Latitude 
deduced 


117°  45'  10" 


41    32    23  N. 


Bij  Lieut.  Talcott  with  a  theodolite  of  4i  inches  radius. 


April  17,  1820. 


Meridian    altitude   of  sun's 

upper  limb 
Do.     of  sun's  lower  limb 

Latitude  deduced 


Mean  of  the  preceding  observations 


59^  23'  00" 
58     50    45 


41    32  07  N. 


41    32    15  N. 


On  the  Elk-horn  river  20"  of  latitute  south  of  the  fording  place  on  the 
trace  from  the  Council  Bluff  to  thePownee  Villages,  the  following 
observations  were  made. 

.  Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 


April  21,  1810. 


Index  error —  3' 55". Latitude^ 
deduced  -         -  5 


120°  43'  15" 


41    26    16  N. 


April  21,1820. 


By  Lieut.  Talcott,  at  the  same  place. 
Meridian  double  altitude   of 
sun's  upper  limb 


Index  error  +  2' 00".  Latitude^ 
deduced  -  -         ' 


121°  41'  40" 


41     25    58   N. 


Mean  latitude  by  the  preceding  observations  41    26    07  N. 

Observations  made  at  the  village  of  the  Republican  Pawnees,  situated 
on  the  Loup  Fork  of  the  river  Platte. 


April  29,  1820. 


Meridian   double  altitude  of 
star  Polaris,  («.  Ursee  Minoris) 


Index  error- 
deduced 


■4' 00".  Latitude 


79°  21'  45" 


41    16   43  N. 


XXX         Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c. 


April  29, 1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Spicfe  Virginis 

Index  error  —  4'  00".  Latitude  > 
deduced  -         -  ^ 


Latitude  of  the  village  by  a  mean  of  the  pre- 
ceding observations         -         -         -         . 


77°  05' 15" 


41    17   23  N. 


41    17   03  N. 


JSfote. — The  village  of  the  Republican  Pawnees,  is  situated  be- 
tween the  villages  of  the  Grand  Pawnees  and  the  Loup  Pawnees,  be- 
ing 2|  miles  east  of  the  latter,  and  4  miles  W.  S.  W.  of  the  former. 
For  a  particular  and  interesting  account  of  these  villages,  the  man- 
ners and  customs  of  their  inhabitants,  &c.  reference  must  be  had  to 
the  manuscripts  of  Capt.  Bell  and  Dr.  Say,  journalists  of  the  expedi- 
tion. The  latitude  of  one  of  the  villages  last  mentioned  w  as  deter- 
mined by  Lieut.  Talcott,  at  the  time  of  our  visit  there  with  Major 
O'Fallon,  U.  S.  Agent,  but  1  did  not  obtain  from  him  the  result  of  his 
observations. 

Observations  made  at  the  confluence  of  the  Mississippi  and  Missouri 

rivers. 


July  10,  1820. 


July  11,1820. 


Sept.  12, 1820. 


Sept  14,  1820. 


Meridian   double  altitude  of 
star  Altair,  («.  x^quilse) 

Index  error  -f  37".  Latitude 
deduced         -        -        . 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Altair,  («.  Aquilse) 

Index  error  +  37".  Latitude 
deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  upper  limb 

Index  error  -f  22".  Latitude 
deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  +  22".  Latitude 
deduced        .        .        - 


Latitude  of  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri  by  a 
mean  of  the  above  .  -  . 


119°  05'  30 


38    51    37  N. 


119    05   00 


38    51    52  N. 


110    53    00 


38    51   37  N. 

• 


108    17   30 


38    51   30  N. 


38    51    39 


V 


,  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c.        xxxi 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,   (box  chrono- 
meter,J  at  noon. 


Sept.  14,1820. 
Sept.  15,  1820. 


Time  fi'om  Noon, 
A.  M. 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


S" 

08' 

57" 

3 

07 

23 

3 

05 

49 

3h  14'  23" 
3     12    49 
3     11     16 


7'  08"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


»3  mean  of  seven  lunar  observations,  distance  of  nearest  limbs  of  sun 
and  moon — taken  at  the  moutJi  of  the  Missouri. 


Sept.  15, 1820. 


Time  of  observa- 
tion, P.  M. 


4*'  20'  25" 
Baromet.  29.02 


Distance  of  Sun 
and  Moon. 


93°  57'  08" 
Thermomet.  72° 


Index  error. 


-f     27' 


Allowance  to  be  made  for  error  and  rate  of  time-piece,  as  usual. 
Longitude  deduced,  5''  59'  48",  or  89°  57'  W.  of  Greenwich. 

The  longitude  of  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri  as  above  is  89°  57'  W. 
of  Greenwich;  and  the  longitude  of  St.  Louis  deduced  from  a  set  of 
lunar  observations  on  the  16th  of  June,  1819,  (see  page  10,)  is  90°  06' 
15"  W.  of  the  same  meridian.  The  observations  at  both  places  were 
made  with  the  same  instruments,  and  under  equally  favourable  cir- 
cumstances, they  are  accordingly  entitled  to  the  same  weight  as  re- 
spects accuracy.  But  by  a  traverse  of  the  river  between  the  two  places, 
a  distance  of  18  miles,  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri  is  found  to  be  only 
1'  55"  of  longitude  E.  of  St.  Louis.  Now  by  taking  a  mean  between 
the  two  results  deduced  from  observations,  and  in  one  case  adding, 
and  in  the  other  subtracting  57^  =  half  the  difference  of  longitude  by 
the  traverse,  the  following  results  will  be  obtained,  entitled  to  double 
the  confidence  of  the  result  of  either  of  the  lunar  observations  above 
mentioned  individually  considered,  viz : 

Longitude  of  St.  Louis,  agreeably  to  this  estimatel  90°  02'  35"  W. 
*Do.  of  mouth  of  the  Missouri         -  I  90    00    40     W. 

Observations  made  at  the  confluence  of  the  De  Moijen  and  Mississippi 

rivers. 


Aug.  8,  1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Altair,  («.  Aquil«) 

Inde^  error  -\-  22".   Latitude 
deduced 


116°  05'  45" 


40     21    43  N. 


*  Remarkable  that  the  mouth  of  this  greatest  tributary  in  the  world  is  just 
one-fourth  the  circumference  of  the  earth  in  degrees,  west  of  the  great  Green- 
wich observatory. 


xxxii        Astronomical  arid  Meteorological  Records^  ^c. 


Aug.  9,  1820. 


Aug.  12, 1820. 


Aug.  13,  1820. 


Aug.  14, 1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude   of 
star  Altair 

Index  error  +  22".  Latitude 
deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Altair 

Index  error  +  22".  Latitude  \ 
deduced        -        -        -       3 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  \ 
star  Altair  -  -    ^ 

Index  error  +  22".  Latitude  \ 
deduced  -        -  S 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Altair 

Index  error  +  22".  Latitude 
deduced 


Mean  latitude  of  the  mouth  of  De  Moyen 
river  deduced  from  the  preceding  results 


116°  05'  30" 


40    21    50   N. 


116    05   20 


40    21    55   N. 


116    05   40 


40   21    45  N. 


116    05    30 


40     21    48  N. 


40    21    48   N. 


Observations  made  at  the  confluence  of  the  Illinois  and  Mississippi 

Rivers. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chrono- 
meter,) at  noon. 


Auff.  31,  1820. 


Aug.  31,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


9.^  40'  09" 
2  38  32i 
2    36    56 


Time  fr 

3m  Noon, 

P. 

M. 

2" 

14' 

35"    ") 

2 

12 

58       \. 

2 

11 

21       J 

EiTor  of  Time- 
piece. 


12'  38"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  star  \ 
Altair,  («.  Aquilge)  5 

Index  error  +  22".  Lat.  deduced 


118°  52' 30" 


38    58    19    N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  (box  chronome- 
ter,) at  noon. 


j  Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


Sept.  2,  1820. 


3"  15'  57" 
3     14    27 
3     12    57 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


2"  41 
2  39 
2    38 


'  18"  ") 
48  I 
18       J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


16'  32"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c.      xxxiii 
Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  at  midnight. 


Sept.  2,  1820. 
Sept.  2,  1820. 


Time  before  mid- 
night. 


9"  21'  42" 
9     20  12 
9    18   42 


Time  after  mid- 
night. 


8"  46'  15' 
8  44  44 
8    43    13A 


2        J 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
star  Altair 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


17'  42"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


118°  52'  15" 


Index  error  +  22".Lat.  deduced  1  38    58    27  N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Time-piece,  at  midnight. 


Sept.  3,  1820. 


Time  before  mid- 
nia:ht. 


9"  00'   08|" 
8     58    40i 
8     57    14 


Time  after  mid- 
night. 


19 
18 
17 


'  56"  ■) 
31  [ 
04       J 


Error  of  Time- 
piece. 


19'  38"   slow. 
Mean  time. 


Latitude  of  the  mouth  of  Illinois  river,  by  a  mean 
of  the  observations  made  at  that  place  on  the  21st 
of  August  and  on  the  2d  of  September,  1820, 


38°  58'  23"   N. 


On  the  3d  of  August,  1820,  an  immersion  of  Jupiter's  third  satellite 
•was  observed  at  S^  10'  40"  P.  M.  per  time-piece.  Also  an  immersion 
of  Jupiter's  first  satellite  was  observed  at  13"  16'  per  time-piece — ^to 
find  the  longitude.  Allowance  to  be  made  for  the  error  and  varia- 
tion of  time-piece,  agreeably  to  the  foregoing  results,  from  equal 
altitudes. 


Longitude  deduced  from  the  immersion  of  Jupi- 
ter's third  satellite    -  -  -  - 
Do.            do.  first  do.              -            _            . 


Mean  longitude  west  of  Greenwich 


90°  15'  30"  W. 
90    20    30    W. 


90     18 


Observations  made  at  Cape  Girardeau,  on  the  Mississippi. 


Oct.  15,  1820. 


Oct.  16,  1820. 


Vol.  IT. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  ? 
sun's  upper  limb        -          5 

Index  error  +  23".  Lat.  deduced 

88° 

S3'  SO" 

37 

18  48 N. 

Meridian  double  altitude  of   > 
sun's  lower  limb           -         5 

Index  error  -f  23".  Lat.  deduced 

86 

45    15 

37 

18    37  N. 

R 


xxxiv        Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ^c. 


Oct.  18, 1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  +  23".  Lat  deduced 


Latitude  of  Cape  Girardeau  by  a  mean  of  the 
above  observations  ... 


85°  17'  40" 


17    18    31    N. 


37    18   39  N. 


I  had,  about  the  middle  of  October,  observed  a  series  of  equal  alti- 
tudes of  the  sun  for  determining  the  error  and  rate  of  the  chrono- 
meter, with  a  view  to  ascertain  the  longitude  by  the  eclipses  of  Jupi- 
ter's satellites,  several  of  which  I  found  would  occur  during  my  stay 
at  this'place.  I  had  on  the  nights  of  the  14th  and  20th  prepared  the 
telescope  to  observe  emersions  of  the  first  and  second  satellites,  but 
had  the  mortification  to  be  baffled  in  my  designs  in  both  instances  by 
Jupiter's  becoming  obscured  by  clouds  before  the  time  for  tlie  emer- 
sions to  take  place.  For  some  time  after  my  arrival  here,  I  was  un- 
able to  make  observations  of  any  kind,  owing  to  the  debilitated  state 
to  which  I  was  reduced  by  a  severe  attack  of  bilious  remitting  fever, 
which  harassed  me  the  greater  part  of  two  months  previous. 

From  astronomical  observations  made  by  the  late  professor  Andrevir 
Ellicott,  in  1796-7,  connected  with  others  which  were  afterwards 
made  by  Don  Jose  Joaquin  de  Ferrer,  a  Spanish  astronomer,  the  lon- 
gitude of  the  confluence  of  the  Ohio  and  Mississippi  rivers  is  fixed  at 
5"  55'  38".l  or  88°  54'  Sl|"  W.  of  Greenwich;*  and  by  a  traverse 
of  part  of  the  Mississippi  made  by  Major  S.  H.  Long  of  the  United 
States' Topographical  Engineers,  in  1817,  Cape  Girardeau  is  laid 
down  22'  28i"  W.  of  the  mouth  of  the  Ohio.  By  connecting  the  po- 
sitions in  longitude  of  these  two  points,  we  shall  obtain  for  the  lon- 
gitude of  Cape  Girardeau  89°  17'  W.  of  Greenwich,  which  probably 
deserves  as  much  confidence  as  a  single  observation  made  at  the  Cape 
would  be  entitled  to. 

Observations  for  Latitude  made  in  the  old  Spanish  Fort  at  J^atchez, 


Nov.  20,  1820. 


Meridian   double  altitude  of 
sun's  upper  limb 

Index  error  —  4'.  Latitude 
deduced 


77''  52'  20" 


31    33  45  N. 


The  position  of  this  place,  both  in  latitude  and  longitude  was  ac- 
curately determined  by  the  late  professor  Ellicott  in  1797-8,  while 
acting  as  our  conimissioner  for  determining  the  boundary  between  the 
United  States  and  the  Spanish  Possessions  in  North  America.  By 
twenty-three  observations  of  the  zenith  distances  of  three  stars  made 
with  a  zenith  sector,  the  face  of  the  sector  being  sometimes  to  tJie 
east  and  sometimes  to  the  west,  he  obtained  for  the  latitude  31°  33' 
48"  N.     It  is  perhaps  the  best  method  of  testing  the  accuracy  of  in- 

•  ElUcott's  Journal,  p.  119,  Philadelphia,  1803. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  ££?c.        xxxv 

struments,  to  make  observations  with  them  at  places  whose  positions 
have  been  carefully  determined  by  experienced  and  eminent  obser- 
vers ;  and  when  we  find  a  coincidence  in  the  i-esults,  it  tends  to  in- 
crease our  confidence  in  the  observations  we  may  have  made  with  the 
same  instruments  on  other  occasions.  So  near  a  coincidence,  however, 
as  exists  between  the  latitude  as  stated  above,  and  that  deduced  from 
professor  EUicott's  observations,  must  be  considered  in  some  measure 
as  fortuitous.  So  correct  a  result  could  not,  under  the  most  favourable 
circumstances,  be  expected  from  a  single  observation  with  a  sextant 
whose  j!;raduations  were  limited  to  half-minutes  of  a  degree. 


END  OF  PART  I. 


PART  11. 


Containing  the  Calculations  of  Observations  made  by  Major  Long  and 
Lieutenant  Swift,  on  a  tour  from  the  Council  Bluffs  on  the  Missouri 
river,  ivestward  along  the  river  Flatte  to  its  head  waters  in  the 
Rocky  Mountains, — thence  southwardly  to  the  head  waters  of  the 
Jirkansa  and  Canadian  rivers, — and  down  said  rivers  to  Belle 
Point,  performed  in  1820,  under  the  command  of  Major  S.  H.  Long, 
of  the  United  States'  Topographical  Engineers. 

JSTote. — The  instruments  used  in  making  the  following  astronomi- 
cal observations,  were  a  portable  sextant  of  5  inches  radius, graduated 
by  the  assistance  of  the  vernier  to  30",  made  by  Gary,  London,  ac- 
companied by  a  mercurial  artificial  horizon  with  a  glass  frame,  and 
an  excellent  patent-lever  watch,  by  Robert  Roskell. 

Camp  on  the  river  Platte,  at  the  fording  place  of  the  Pawnee  Indians, 
twenty-seven  miles  below  the  confluence  of  the  JYorth  and  South,  or 
Padouca  Forks. 


June  20,  1820. 


Meridian   altitude   of  sun's 

lower  limb 
Extent  of  horizon,   (a  level 

sheet  of  water) 
Height  of  observer's  eye  above 

horizon     -        -        - 


Index  error —  4'  15".  Latitude  ^ 
deduced        -        -         -         S 


72°  23' 
700  yards. 
31  feet. 


40°  59'15"N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  Watch. 

Error  of  Watch. 


June  20,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


2''  32'  26" 
2    29   36 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.  M 


2"  32'  34" 
2   29   46 


1'  15"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


Camp  on  the  Platte,  thirty-two  miles  below  the  point  where  it  issues 
from  the  Rocky  Mountains. 


July  4,  1820. 


Meridian   double   altitude   of  ] 
star  Antaris,  («.  Scorpii)      ' 

Index  error  —  3'  45".  Latitude 
deduced       .         -         - 


48°  10'  00' 


39°  57'  40"  N. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  £s?c.     xxxvii 


Observations  made  on  the  River  Platte,  seven  minutes  of  latitude  south 
of  the  Camp  of  July  4th. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  watch,  at  noon. 


Error  of  Watch. 


.4  mean  of  eight  lunar  distances  from  sun  and  times  correspondent,  to 
find  the  longitude.  Latitude  6y  account  39°  50'  40"  JV*.  .Assumed 
longitude  7^  01'  fF. 


Time  per  Watch, 
A.  M. 


07 


Distance  of  near- 
est limbs. 


56°  09'  26" 


Index  error. 


—   4' 


July  5,  1820. 

Daily  variation  of  watch  1'  41"  losing. 

Longitude  deduced,  7"  01'  23",  or  105°  20' 45"  W.  of  Greenwich. 


Camp  at  the  base  of  the  Rocky  Mountains. 


July  8,  1820. 


July  9,  1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  > 
Antares  -        -  3 

Index  error  —  3'  45".  Latitude  > 
deduced  -        -  5 


Meridian  double  altitude  of  ^ 
Antares  -        -         *-  ^ 

Index  error  —  3'  45".  Latitude  } 
deduced         -  -  C 


Mean  latitude  of  the  camp 


49°  17'  30" 


39 

23 

52  N. 

49 

18 

15 

39 

23 

29  N. 

39    23    40  N. 


At  our  camp  on  Boiling-spring  Creek,  at  the  distance  of  about  25 
miles  from  James's  Peak,  (the  same  designated  by  Pike  as  the  highest 
peak,)  trigonometrical  observations  were  made  for  determining  the 
height  of  the  peak  above  the  level  of  the  adjacent  country,  A  base 
of  1048|  feet  was  accurately  measured,  and  angles  taken  at  its  extre- 
mities, to  ascertain  another  side  of  the  triangle,  to  serve  as  a  base  to 
determine  the  height  of  the  mountain.  The  angles  at  the  extremities 
of  the  primary  base,  corrected  for  the  index  error  of  sextant,  vv'ere 
104°  32'  15"  and  65*^  28'  45" — and  the  extent  of  the  secondary 
base  as  found  by  calculation,  133372.5  feet.  The  angles  taken  at  the 
extremities  of  the  secondary  base,  included  between  that  line  and  the 
lines  of  vision,  to  an  object  distinctly  visible  at  the  summit  of  the 
peak,  were  96°  21'  15"  and  81°  17'  45",  corrected  as  above.  The 
angle  of  elevation  qf  the  top  of  the  peak,  observed  at  the  extremity 


xxxviii   Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  £ffc. 

of  the  secondary  base,  most  remote  from  the  peak,  was  S°  41'  15", 
corrected  also  for  index  error  of  sextant.  The  final  result  of  these 
observations,  gives  for  the  height  of  the  peak  above  the  plain  in  which 
tiie  observations  were  made.  8507}  feet. 

In  order  to  ascertain  with  precision,  tlie  angle  of  elevation  of  the 
summit  of  the  peak,  an  artificial  horizon  of  water  was  employed,  and 
the  double  angle  of  elevation  observed.  The  angle  of  elevation  as  it 
stands  corrected  for  refraction,  is  3°  39'  26".  The  estimate  as  above 
gives  the  height  of  the  peak  above  the  true  level  of  the  place  of  ob- 
servation, no  correction  having  been  made  for  the  spherical  figure  of 
the  earth. 

Allowing  the  pei-pendicular  fall  of  the  river  Platte,  from  the  moun- 
tains to  its  mouth,  to  be  on  an  average  nineteen  inches  per  mile, 
(which  appears  reasonable  from  the  rapidity  of  its  current  compared 
with  that  of  the  Missouri,)  the  fall  of  the  Missouri  from  the  place 
where  it  receives  the  Platte  to  its  mouth,  to  be  16  inches  per  mile, 
which  agrees  with  the  result  from  leveling  at  Engineer  Cantonment — 
and  that  of  the  Mississippi  from  the  mouth  of  the  Missouri  to  the  Gulf 
of  Mexico  to  be  12  inches  per  mile,  it  would  give  for  the  height  of  the 
Platte  at  the  base  of  the  mountains,  say  at  the  place  of  the  above  ob- 
servations, 3000  feet  above  the  level  of  the  ocean,  and  consequently 
the  height  of  James's  Peak  would  be  11507|  above  the  same  level. 

This  mountain  was  clothed  in  snow  for  a  considerable  distance  be- 
low its  summit,  when  the  exploring  party  visited  it,  in  the  middle  of 
July,  and  at  the  same  time  they  experienced  excessive  heat*  at  its  base. 


Observations  made  on  the  drkansa,  at  our  camp,  situated  about  twenty- 
five  miles  below  the  point  where  the  river  issues  from  the  viountains. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  watch,  at  nootu 

Error  of  Watch. 


July  17,  1820. 
July  17,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  27'  17" 
3     25    58 
S    24    36 


Time  fi-om  Noon, 
P.M. 


3"  08'  35 
3  07  15 
3     05  54 


'■} 


Meridian  double   altitude  of 

Antares 
Index  error  —  3'  22".  Latitude 

deduced 


15'  03"  slow- 
Mean  time. 


51°  28' 

38    18    19     N. 


Jlmean  of  eight  lunar  observations.  Distance  of  nearest  limbs  of  sun 
and  moon  for  calculating  the  longitude. 


July  17, 1820. 


Time  per  Watch, 
P.  M. 

Distance  of  Sun 
and  Moon. 

Index  EiTor. 

3"  26'  49" 

84°  08'  30" 

—  3'  22" 

Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  fcfc.        xxxix 

Assumed  longitude  7^  01'  west.    AllowancCj^jlp  be  made  for  error 
and  rate  of  time-piece,  as  before. 

Longitude  of  Camp  deduced,  7"  02'  39",  or  105°  39'  45"  W. 


Camp  on  the  ^rlcansa,   two  miles  below  the  nver  St.  Charles,  or 
third  fork  of  Pike. 
Meridian  double  altitude  of 
Antares 


July  19,  1820. 


Index  error  —  3'  22' '.  Latitude  ? 
deduced  -  -         > 


Sr  36'  00" 


38    14    18    N. 


Camp  on  the  Jlrkansa,  at  the  place  where  the  Exploring  Party  was 
divided  into  two  detachments. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  watch,  at  noon. 
I  Time  before  Mid-  >  Time  after  Mid- 


July  21,  1820. 


night. 


8^  39'  58" 
8    38    38 
8    37    18 


night. 


8'> 


17'  50"  ") 
16  30  J. 
15    10       J 


Error  of  Watch. 


17'  19"  slow. 
Mean  time. 


»2  mean  of  eight  lunar  distances  and  times  correspondent, — nearest 
limb  of  moon  from  star  SpiccB  Virginis. 


Time  per  Watch 
P.M. 


9"  40'  54' 


Distance  of  Moon  i 
and  Star. 


51°  45'  47" 


Index  error. 


3' 30" 


July  21,  1820. 

Variation  of  watch  47"  per  12  hours  losing.  Error  of  watch  to  be 
estimated.  Longitude  by  account  6^  58'  W.  Lat.  determined  by  sub- 
sequent observations. 

Longitude  of  Camp,  6"  55'  05"  or  103°  46'  15"  W.  of  Greenwich. 

Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  watch,  at  noon. 


July  22,  1820. 
July  22,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.M. 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


2h 

58' 

21" 

2 

56 

59 

2 

55 

36 

Meridian  double   altitude  of  ^ 
Antares       -        -        -         j 

Index  error  —  3'  30".  Latitude  ? 
deduced      -        -        -         j 


Error  of  Watch. 


18'  06^'  slow. 
Mean  time. 


51°  40' 


38    12  22    N. 


xl  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records^  SsPc. 


Aug.  6^  18£0. 


Camp  or^he  Canadian  River  of  August  6th 


Meridian    altitude    of   sun's 
lower  limb  -        -        - 

Extent  of  natural  horizon,  or 
sheet  of  water     -        -         5 

Hei<rht  of  observer's  eye  above  > 
horizon        -        "        "         5 

Index  error  of  sextant 

Latitude  deduced 


71 

°  52' 

82 

yards. 

38 

inches. 

-- 

3' 

35° 

16'  19'^ 

N. 

Auff.  22,  1820. 


Camp  on  the  Canadian  River  of  Jiugiist  ^Qd. 


Meridian   double   altitude   of  } 
moon's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  4'  00".  Latitude 
deduced      .        .        - 


72"  18'  15" 


35    26  29    N. 


Camp  on  the  Canadian  River  of  August  51st. 
Equal  altitudes  of  Stm  to  find  error  of  watch,  at  noon. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


Aug.  31, 1820. 


3h  27'  43" 

3     26    21 

3    24    55 


'r™^!:T.^°°"' I  Error  of  Watch. 


P.  M 


9.^  23 
2  22 
2    20 


'  40"     ^ 

\\  '\^'  59X" 

18        >\  ^ 

,    ^_       r    Mean  tin 


slow, 
time. 


Altitudes  of  Sun  and  times  correspondent,  to  find  the  Latitude. 


Au£.  31,  1820. 


Times  per  Watch, 

Double  altitudes  of 

A.  M. 

sun's  upper  limb. 

101' 

29'  20" 

121^  18'  00" 

10 

30    24 

121     32    00 

10 

32    05 

121     52    30 

10 

33    12 

122    06    30 

10 

34    13 

122    17    30 

nlO"" 

31'  51" 

121°  49'  18" 

Latitude  of  Camp  deduced  from  the  above 


Index  error. 


—  4' 

Error  and  varia- 
tion of  watch  to 
be  allowed. 

Lat.  by  account 
34'='  57'  N. 


34°  57'  55" 


A  mean  of  seven  Lunar  distances,  and  times  correspondent — near- 
est limbs  of  Sun  and  Moon. 


iTime  per  Watch, 
A.  M. 


7"   32'  06" 


Distiuice  of  Sun 
and  Moon. 


50'   15' 


Index  error. 


4' 


Aug.  31,  1820. 

Allowance  to  be  made  for  error  and  variation  of  watch.    Longitude 
by  account,  6"  26'  W. 

Longitude  deduced,  6"  26'  12",  or  96°  33'  00"  W.  of  Greenwich. 


Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  ^c.  xli 

Camp  on  the  Canadian  river,  fifteen  miles  above  its  mouth. 


Sept.  9,  1820. 


Meridian  double  altitude  of? 
sun's  lower  limb  3 

Index  error  —  4'.  Lat.  deduced 


120°  13' 00" 


54    50   15    N. 


Observations  made  on  the  Jfkansa  river,  at  Fort  Smith,  Belle  Point, 

situated  at  the  confluence  of  the  Jlrkansa  and  Poteau  rivers. 
Sept.  14,  1820.     Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 


Sept.  15,  1820. 


Sept.  16,  1820. 


Index  error  —  4' 
deduced 


Latitude 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  4'.     Latitude 
deduced 


Meridian  double  altitude  of 
sun's  lower  limb 

Index  error  —  4'.     Latitude 
deduced 


Mean  latitude  of  Belle  Point 


^otea 
116° 

^  rivers. 
22'  00" 

34 

51 

07     N. 

115 

36 

00 

34 

51 

00     N. 

114 

50 

30 

34 

50 

35     N. 

54     50    54     N. 


Equal  altitudes  of  Sun  to  find  error  of  ivatch,  at  noon. 


Sept.  15,  1820. 


Time  from  Noon, 
A.  M. 


3"  41'  21" 
3     38    35 


Time  from  Noon, 
P.M. 


3"  36'  32' 
3     33    46 


Error  of  Watch. 


2'  47"  fast. 
Mean  time. 


v3  mean  of  seven  lunar  distances  and  times  correspondent — nearest 
limbs  of  Sun  and  Moon. 


Time  per  Watch, 
P.  M. 

Distance  of  Sun 
and  Moon. 

Index  error. 

3"  55'  46" 

93°  59'   30" 

—  4' 

Sept.  15,  1820. 

Allowance  for  error  of  watch  as  usual.  Longitude  by  account, 
6^  18'  west  of  Greenwich. 

Longitude  of  Belle  Point  deduced  from  the  foregoing  data,  6''  17' 
24",  or  94°  21'  00"  west  of  Greenwich. 


END  OF  PART  II. 


Vol.  IL 


xlii  Astronomical  and  Meteorological  Records,  £s?c. 

A  TABLE  OF  LATITUDE  AND  LONGITUDE, 

Embracing  the  deductions  recorded  in  the  foregoing  account  of  Jis- 
tronomical  Observations  and  Calculations. 


Places  of  Observation. 


31 


Shippingsport,  Ky. 

Camp  on  Mississippi,  June  8 

Mouth  of  Merameg  river 

St.  Louis,  Missouri 

Camp  on  Missouri  river,  June  28 

Franklin,  Missouri 

Fort  Osage,  Missouri 

Cow  Islam!,  Missouri  river 

Camp  on  Missouri  river,  Aug. 

Fort  Lisa,  Missouri  Fur  Co.'s 

Establishment 
Engineer  Cantonment 
Mouth  of  river  Platte 
Mouth  of  Elk-horn,  tributary 

to  Platte 
Boyer  river  at  commencement  } 

of  High  Lands         -         -        5 
Elk-horn  river,  near  Pawnee     ^ 

Trace         ...  3 

Village  of  Republican  Pawnees 
Mouth  of  Missouri  river 
Mouth  of  De  Moyen  river 
Mouth  of  Illinois  river 
Cape  Girardeau,  Mississippi  river 
Spanish  Fort  at  Natchez 
Camp  on  the  Platte,  July  4 
Do.  do.  July  5 

Camp  at  the  base  of  the  Itocky") 

Mountains,  July  8-3 
1st.  Camp  on  Arkansa,  July  17 
Camp  on  Arkansa,  July  19 
Camp  where  Exploring  Party  ') 

separated         -  -  3 

Camp  on  Canadian  river,  Aug.  6 
Do.  do.  Aug.  22 

Do.  do.  Aug.  31 

Do.  do.  Sept.  9 

Belle  Point,  Arkansa  Territory 


Longitude  W. 

Longitude  W 

Latitude  N. 

from  Green. 

from  Wash 

wich. 

ington  City 

38°  15'  23" 

38  26  09 

38  23  39 

38  36  18 

90°  02' 35" 

13°  02'  35" 

38  34  33 

38  57    09 

92 

57   05 

15   57   05 

39  09  33 

39  25  05 

39  49  01 

41  24  13 

41  25  04 

95 

43  53 

18  43  53 

41  03  13 

41  12  00 

41  32  15 

41  26  or 

41  17  03 

38  51  39 

90 

00  40 

13  00  40 

40  21  48 

38  58  23 

90 

18  00 

13  18  00 

S7    18  39 

89 

17  00 

12  17  00 

31  33  45' 

39  57   40 

39  50  40 

105 

20  45 

28  20  45 

39  23  40 

38  18  19 

105 

39  45 

28  39  45 

38  14  18 

38  12  22 

103 

46  15 

26  46  15 

35  16  19 

35    26  29 

34  57  35 

96 

33  00 

19  33  00 

34  50    15 

34  50  54 

94 

21  00 

17  21  00 

Erratum  tinder  Astronomical  liecords. 

Page  xxix,  line  7  from  bottom,  after  latitude  insert  of  Fording  place. 

Do.  16  do.  for  1810  read  1820. 

Page  xxxiii,  line  19  from  top,  for  August  read  September. 
Page  xxxix,         12      do.        for  noon  read  midnight. 


METEOROLOGICAL  REGISTER. 

Preliminary  Explanatioiis . 

The  observations  on  the  modifications  of  the  clouds  were  particu- 
larly detailed  in  the  Journal  by  Mr.  Say,  who  bein<;  often  remote  from 
the  party  on  detached  expeditions,  the  phases  observed  by  him  cannot 
always  be  considered  as  precisely  corresponding  with  those  that  oc- 
curred where  the  observations  noted  in  the  remaining  columns  of  the 
tables  were  made  by  Lieut.  Grah;un.  As  they  would  occupy  too  much 
space,  if  introduced  into  the  body  of  this  work  agreeably  to  the  ma- 
nuscript notes,  it  was  judged  proper  to  modify  and  condense  them 
into  the  smallest  possible  space.  With  this  view,  the  nomenclature 
of  Messrs.  Howard  and  Forster  has  been  adopted,  and  is  now  inserted 
in  the  meteorological  tables,  under  the  indications  of  the  following 
abbreviations,  viz. 

S  -         Stratus. 

C  -        Cirrus. 

Cs  -         Cirrostratus — the  addition  of  a  full  point,  thus  Cs. 

shows  that  this  cloud   was  almost  or  entirely 
universal;  and  a  comma,  tluis,  Cs,  indicates  its 
partial  occurrence.     The  same  observations  also 
relate  to  the  signs  for  the  following  clouds. 
Cm         -        Cumulus. 
Cml        -        Cirrocumulus. 
Cms       -         Cumulostratus. 
Cmc       -         Cumulocirrostratus. 
Ns  -         Nimbus. 

But  as  the  particular  varieties  of  appearance  which  these  respective 
clouds  exhibited,  could  not  be  indicated  in  the  allotted  columns  of  the 
tables,  they  are  altogether  omitted.  The  column  headed  with  the 
word  courses  indicates  the  points  of  the  heavens  from  which  the  clouds 
proceed;  thus  |  C.  |  S.W.  |  shows  the  occurrence  of  the  Cirrus  form 
of  clouds  proceeding  from  the  south-west. 

The  letter  L.  sometimes  inserted  in  the  column  of  remarks  on  the 
state  of  the  weather,  indicates  lightning;  'l\  ihtnider,  and  R.  rain. 

Observations,  by  means  of  the  Cyanoineter,  on  the  colour  of  the 
atmosphere,  were  also  made,  three  times  each  day,  by  Mr.  Graham; 
but  as  the  instrument  became  imperfect  in  consequence  of  the  fading 
of  its  colours,  from  the  necessary  exposure  to  the  action  of  light,  they 
have  been  rejected. 

No  record  was  made  of  the  liumidity  of  the  atmosphere,  as  the  Hygro- 
meter provided  for  the  use  of  the  Expedition,  proved  entirely  useless. 
Simultaneous  meteorological  observations  were  made  at  German- 
town,  near  Philadelphia,  by  Mr.  Reuben  Haines;  from  which  the  ave- 
rage temperature  of  that  place  during- several  months  has  been  deduced 
and  inserted  for  the  sake  of  compaiison,  in  the  following  tables. 

Observations  on  the  state  of  the  weather  were  regularly  made 
during  the  whole  term  of  the  expedition,  but  being  too  voluminous  to 
be  inserted  in  the  work,  it  was  thought  best  to  select  those  of  an  entire 
year  and  reject  the  remainder. 


xliv 


Meteorological  Register 


MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

6 

jj 

o. 

O 

C4 

6 

'd 

£ 

t 
e 

13 

C 

CL) 

r- 
c 

£2 
c  F 

RExMARKS, 

Q 
1 

68 

t 

■^ 

■^ 

^ 

s- 

N.  W. 

76 

N.  N.  W. 

77 

W. 

73 



2 

65 

Calm 

77 

W.  N.W. 

75 

N.W. 

72 

— 

3 

65 

Calm 

82 

S.E. 

80 

S.  S.E. 

75 

— 

4 

72 

Calm 

83 

Sy. 

81 

S. 

78 

68 

5 

73 

S. 

85 

S.E. 

83 

Sy. 

80 

— 

6 

75 

Calm 

85 

S.E. 

84 

E.S.  E. 

80 

79 

7 

79 

S.  W. 

85 

S.  W_ 

84 

Sy. 

82 

79 

8 

78 

s.  s.  w. 

83 

S.  S.  W. 

83 

S. 

81 

— 

Windy  during  the  day 

9 

75 

s.  w. 

85 

S.W. 

80 

W.  S.  w. 

80 

— 

10 

68 

S.  E. 

8^> 

E.  S.  E. 

75 

S.E. 

75 

71 

11 

64 

S.S.E. 

76 

W.  N.  W. 

72 

N.  W. 

70 

69 

Thunder  shower  before  day-light 
this  morning 

12 

66 

N.  N.  E. 

7c> 

N.  N.  W. 

7S 

N.  N.  W. 

70 

69 

13 

68 

Calm 

78 

S.  S.E. 

72 

s.  s.  w. 

72 

— 

14 

72 

S.E.  byE. 

81 

S.  byE. 

80 

•  s. 

77 

65 

15 

77 

S.  by  E. 

84 

E. 

75 

s. 

80 

— 

Violent  thunder  .gust  commenced 
at  6  P.  M.  and  continued  till  7. 

16 

72 

S.E. 

84 

Calm 

86 

Calm 

77 

71 

Sultry 

17 

80 

Calm 

87 

Calm 

86 

Calm 

84 

76 

Sultry 

18 

80 

Calm 

86 

NT.W.byN. 

31 

N.W. 

82 

79 

Light  breezes.  Thermometer  at 
88^  at  11  o'clock,  A.M. 

19 

69 

N.E.byN. 

74 

N.bvE. 

73 

N.byE. 

72 

78 

Light  breezes 

20 

66 

w.s.  w. 

81 

W. 

80 

Calm 

75 

68 

Ligl)t  breezes 

21 

70 

s.w. 

83 

N.W. 

83 

N.  by  W. 

78 

71 

Light  breezes 

22 

70 

E.  by  S. 

83 

E.  N.E. 

84 

Calm 

79 

— 

Light  breezes 

23 

72 

Calm 

82 

E.  S.  E. 

82 

S. 

78 

— 

Light  breezes 

24 

71 

Calm 

84 

Calm 

86 

S.W. 

80 

70 

Light  showei's  |of  rain  in  the  after- 
noon 

25 

75 

Calm 

85 

N.E. 

86 

N. 

82 

69 

Thermometer  at  88  at  5  P.M.  Light 
breezes.  L.  in  evening 

26 

77 

N.W. 

84 

S. 

87 

W.  N.  W. 

82 

68 

Light  and  variable  breezes 

27 

70 

N.  W.  by  N. 

84 

N.N.  E. 

86 

N.N.  E. 

80 

73 

Light  breezes 

28 

75 

Calm 

83 

S.  by  W. 

86 

E. 

81 

76 

Light  breezes 

29 

71 

Calm 

88 

N.W. 

89 

N.W.  by  W. 

82 

— 

Strong  breezes 

30 

74 

N.W. 

81 

W.  N.  W. 

78 

S.  W.byS. 

77 

77 

Strong  gales  of  wind  last  night  and 
also  during  this  day 

for  the  Mcnth  0/ JUNE,  1819. 


xlv 


1 

MODIFICATIOXS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS.              | 

RAROMETER 

1 

U/XAfcV^XV&LJ  X  l^l.t>« 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c 
■£ 
0 

0 
0 

c 

'T3 

0 

Courses. 

0 
0 

en 

1) 

3 
0 
0 

Clouds. 

Courses. 

29.40 

29  26 

29.32 

29.36 

29.17 

29.31 

29.41 

29.26 

29.20 

29.32 

29.16 

29.17 

29.25 

29  10 

29.18 

29.29 

29.15 

29.16 

29.24 

29.19 

29.19 

29.20 

29.15 

29.16 

29.18 

29.20 

29.15 

. 

29.28 

29.21 

29.20 

29.15 

29.16 

29.18 

29.36 

29.27 

29.28 

29.40 

29.26 

29.20 

29.29 

29.16 

29,15 

29.21 

29.22 

29.23 

29.26 

29.21 

29.18 

29.22 

29.17 

29.14 

29.16 

29.13 

29.14 

29.29 

29.27 

29.14 

29.35 

29.22 

29.20 

29.21 

29.16 

29.11 

Fair 

— 

Cs,  Cms, 



— 

— 

29.22 

29.19 

29.13 

Cs, 

— 

Cs.  Cm, 



Cs. 

— 

29.20 

29.17 

29.09 

Fair 

— 

Cms. 



Cms, 

— 

29.24 

29.18 

29.14 

Fair 

— 

Ns, 



Ns, 

— 

29.25 

29.20 

29.19 

Fair 

— 

Cms, 

~ 

Cm,  Cml, 

— 

29.25 

29.15 

29.15 

Fair 

__ 

Cms,  Cs, 



— 

— 

29.29 

29.09 

29.10 

— 

— 

— 



— 

— 

29.15 

29.08 

29.06 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 



Fair 

— 

29.04 

28.90 

28.87 

Cs. 

— 

Fair 



Cml, 

W. 

29.00 

28.99 

29.00 

Fair 

— 

Cm. 

Cm,  Cm, 

xlvi 


Meteorological  Register 


MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

, 

^ 



9 

4J 

jj 

c. 

rt   £ 

1 

B 

^ 

^ 

3 

c  2 

<, 

'C. 

^ 

^  i 

REMARKS. 

"5 

p 

"d 

Z. 

ri 

^ 

c 

":  £ 

Q 

i> 

c 

Is 

£ 

JU 

1 

c 
83 

P 

1 

69 

Calm 

83 

w.  s.w. 

Calm 

78 



Fresh  eales  in  middle  of  the  day 

2 

71 

Calm 

74 

W.byS. 

80 

N.  E.byN. 

75 

—    Fresh  jjales  in  middle  of  the  day 

3 

67 

N.  N.  W. 

80 

N.W.bvN. 

78 

N.  E.  by  E. 

75 

70 

Fresh  and  variable  brs. — night  fair 

4 

64 

N.  N.  W. 

81 

E.  S.E. 

77 

E.  S.  E. 

74 

70 

Fresh  Ijre'ezes 

5 

65 

S.  E.  by  E. 

80 

E.  by  N. 

79 

E.  N.  E. 

74 

69 

Light  breezes 

6 

76 

Calm 

81 

W.  S.W. 

84 

E.  N.  E. 

80 

69 

Freq.  showers  of  R.  during  the  day 

7 

72 

E.  N.  E. 

86 

N.W.by  W. 

86 

S.  E.  bv  E. 

81 

65 

Hard  shower  this  forenoon 

8 

76 

Calm 

90 

S.  W. 

88 

E.  N.E. 

84 

67 

Light  brs. — mackarel  sky  in  even. 

9 

78 

E.  N.  E. 

83 

S.  W.  by.  S. 

85 

S.  W. 

82 

J7 

Hard  sliower  this  forenoon.  L.in 
the  evening 

10 

80 

W.  S.  W. 

85 

N.  W. 

79 

Rained  greater  part  of  forenoon 

11 

71 

N.  E. 

85 

N.W.by  N. 

82 

S.W. 

79 

80 

Fresh  breezes  this  afternoon,  N. 
N.W  horizon  red  after  twilight. 
Lightning.  Storm  of  wind 

12 

76       Calm 

87 

N.  W. 

81 

N.  W.  by  N. 

81 

79 

Lightning  in  the  evening 

13 

79 

S. 

85 

W. 

86 

Calm 

83 

81 

Thunder  shower  and  heavy  wind 
from  N.  W.  about  1  o'clock  this 
morning — rain  1  finches 

14 

77 

\v.  s.  w. 

81 

N.  E, 

82 

Calm 

80 

78 

Thunder  showers  and  heavy  wind 
this  morning  about  1  o'clk.  rain 
i  inch — noon  L.    }  inch  rain 

15 

75 

w.  s.  w. 

84 

W.  N.  W. 

82 

80 

74 

81 

Very  light  breezes 

16 

69 

W.  N.  W. 

77 

N.  W. 

76'  N.  N.  W. 

78 

Very  light  breezes 

17 

54 

N.  N.  E 

73 

S.  S.E. 

72 

N.  W. 

66 

Very  light  breezes.  Stratus  at 
night. 

18 

54 

N.  W. 

73 

E.  by  N. 

74 

N.  N.  W. 

67 

70 

Pleasant  vvea.  Even.  S.  in  N.E. 

19 

54 

N.  N.  E. 

75 

E. 

76 

S.  S.  E. 

68 

72 

Pleasant  weather 

20 

64 

S.  E. 

80 

W.  N.  W. 

73 

E.  by  S. 

72 

72 

Light  breezes 

21 

68 

E.  by  S.    l75 

E.  by  S. 

70 

S.  S.  E. 

71 

72 

Light  breezes 

22 

70 

E. 

80 

S.  by.  \V. 

77 

S.E. 

75 

75 

Fresh  breezes.   T.  storm  in  even. 

23 

68 

Calm 

73 

S.  S.  E. 

75 

Several  showers  of  rain  to-day.  L. 
incessant  in  tlie  evening 

24 

72 

Calm 

83 

S.E. 

82 

N.E. 

79 

75 

Fr.  brs.     T.  storm  with  U.  in  even. 

25 

72 

N.W.byN. 

83 

N.  N.  E. 

80 

N.  by  W. 

78 

76 

F'resh  breezes.  Light  rain  this 
morning.  L.  in  the  evening 

26 

65 

Calm 

83 

N. 

72 

M'. 

73 

76 

Fresh  breezes 

27 

64 

N.W. 

84 

S.  S.  E. 

75 

E.  S.  E. 

74 

76 

Thick  fog  over  the  river  this  mom. 

28 

69 

E. 

86 

S.  by.  E. 

84 

N.  E. 

79 

78 

Strong  breezes  in  the  afternoon. 
Evening  L.  and  shower  at  night 

29 

72 

E.N  E 

88 

S. W.byS. 

80 

S. 

80 

77 

Strong  breezes 

30 

74[  W.  S.  W. 

89 

E.  S.  E. 

83 

S.E.  bvE. 

82 

82 

-Moderate  brs.  Noon  T.  Even.  L. 

31 

72!N.E.byN. 

86 

N.  N.  W. 

82 i    E.byN. 

80 

86 

Moderate  breezes 

Jiemarhable  Phenomena.— On  the  7th,  170  miles  from  mouth  of  Missouri  river  at  9  o'clock, 
P.  M.  discovered  a  comet  bearing  nearly  N.  W.  Observed  its  distance  from  North  Star  to 
be  49°  38'.— 8th,  57  minutes  past  8  P.  M.  observed  distance  of  comet  from  North  Star  48° 
46',  bearing  at  same  time  N.  43°,  Vf.  Altitude  7°, 


i 

for  the  Month  of  JULY, 

1819. 

xlvii 

MODIFICATIONS  AND 

COURSES 

OF  CLOUDS. 

BAROMETER. 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c 
'c 

o 

o 

o 

bo 

.S 
'c 

> 

en 

-a 

3 
O 

O 

O 

3 
O 

3 

o 

3 
O 

in 

3 
O 

29.09 

29.00 

29.00 

Cms, 



Cml, 



Cs. 

__ 

29.16 

29.18 

29.18 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 



29.33 

29.20 

29.20 

Cs, 



Cs, 

— 

Cs, 



29.39 

29.20 

29.20 

Cm, 

s. 

Cm,  &  C, 

s. 

C,  &  Cs, 



29.25 

29.08 

29.07 

Cmc. 

— 

Cm,  CniSjCS) 

S.  E. 

Ns, 



29.07 

29.05 

29.06 

•     Ns. 

— 

Ns, 

— 

Cms, 



29.12 

29.00 

29.02 

Cms,  &Cs, 



Cs,&Cms, 

— 

Cm,  &  Cs, 



29.04 

28.96 

28.96 

Cs, 

E. 

Cm.  &,  Cs. 

— 

Cml, 



29.04 

29.00 

28.98 

Cs. 

— 

Cs.  Cms, 

— 

Ns,  Cms, 

N.  W. 

28.99 

29.05 

Ns. 



Cms. 



Cs. 

29.18 

29.10 

29.04 

Cs. 

S.  W. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

29.00 

28.97 

29.04 

Ns;  Cs, 

s.  w. 

Cs. 

Ns. 

N. 

29.07 

29.00 

29.03 

Cs,  Ns, 

NW.,  NE. 

Cms,  Ns. 

S.  w. 

Ns,  Cs, 

E. 

29.03 

29.13 

29.13 

Cs, 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns, 

N.N.E. 

29.22 

29.21 

29.23 

S. 

Cs,  Cm, 

Cs, 

29.27 

29.27 

29.25 

C,  Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

Cms, 



Cs, 



29.34 

29.31 

29.31 

Cms, 

— 

Cms. 

— 

Cs, 

— 

29.34 

29.34 

29.31 

S 



Cs, 

__ 

Cs. 

29.34 

29.34 

29.34 

Cmc. 

— 

Cs. 



Cs. 



29.34 

29.30 

29.24 

Cs. 

— 

Cm,  Cs, 



Cs. 

.^_ 

29.21 

29.15 

29.15 

Ns. 

— 

Ns,  Cm, 

s.  w. 

— 



29,06 

28.97 

28.97 

Ns. 

S. 

Cms,  Cml, 

— 

Ns 

S.  W. 

29.00 

29.00 

Ns. 

— 

Cs,  Cml, 

N.  W.,  S. 

Cm,  Ns, 

S.  S.  w. 

29.02 

29.10 

29.12 

Cm,  Cs, 

I 

Cms,  Cs, 

N.N.W. 

Ns, 

29.16 

29.17 

29.16 

Cms, 

N.  N.  W. 

Cm, 

N.  N.  W. 

c. 

N.W. 

29.20 

29.20 

29.13 

C,  Cml,' 



Fair 



Fair 

_ 

29.13 

29.13 

29.06 

S. 

— 

Fair 



Fair 



29.10 

29.10 

29.06 

c. 

— 

Cms, 

-^ 

Cms, 

— 

29.12 

29.06 

29.03 

c, 

N. 

Cs,  C, 

, 

Cs,  Cms, 

__ 

29.08 

29.01 

29.00 

Ns. 

— 

Cms,  Cml, 

s.  w. 

Cms,  Cs, 



29.00 

28.90 

28.88 

Ns 

— 

Cms.  Cs 

N.E.,S.W. 

— 

— 

17th — Franklin,  Missouri — Magnetic  intensity  26  oscillations  per  minute. 
28th — At  our  Camp — Magnetic  intensity  25  oscillations  per  minute. 


xlviii 


Meteorological  Register 


MORNING. 

MIDDAY. 

EVENING. 

c 
o 

«3 

s- 
3 

6 

^ 
d 

a. 

s 

^1 

s 

B 

1* 

REMARKS. 

Cm 
O 

ri 

& 

TS 

G. 

TS 

>. 

S 

c 

P 

c 

s 

c 

■^ 

^ 

h 

■^ 

■^ 

s 

^ 

1 

72 

N.  W. 

85 

N. 

82 

S.  E. 

79 

88 

2 

69 

Calm 

78 

E.  by  S. 

74 

E.  by  S. 

7o 

86 

3 

68 

82 

S.  W. 

74 

W.  by  S. 

74 

78 

Frequent  showers  of  rain,  1-8  of  an 
inch  rain  since  yesterday  morn. 

4 

73 

S. 

84 

s. 

78 

W. 

78 

76 

Frequent  showers  of  rain,  ^  an  inch 
of  rain  since  yesterday  morning 

5 

68 

s.  s.  w. 

86 

w. 

76 

s.  w. 

76 

75 

Light  sprinkles  of  rain 

6 

71 

w. 

88 

w. 

80 

w. 

79 

75 

Cloudy  all  day 

7 

71 

s.  w. 

84 

w.  s.  w. 

81 

w.  s.  w. 

78 

79 

Light  sprinkles  of  rain  last  night 
and  this  afternoon 

8 

71 

Calm 

84 

N.  E. 

80 

S.W.byS. 

78 

82 

Sprinkles  of  rain  this  forenoon 

9 

70 

s.  s.  w. 

88 

Calm 

84 

Calm 

80 

80 

Sultry 

10 

70 

S.  S.  E. 

88 

S. 

84 

E.  S.  E. 

80 

82 

Sultry.  Light,  in  S.  E.  this  evening 

11 

12 

E.  N.  E. 

90 

S.  S.  E. 

85 

E.  S.  E. 

82 

79 

Pleasant  brs.  L.  in  N.  this  evening 

12 

72 

Calm 

92 

w. 

i5 

E.  N.  E. 

83 

81 

Fresh  breezes.  Lightning  in  N.W. 

13 

75 

Calm 

91 

s.  w. 

86 

S.  S.  E. 

84 

82 

Fresh  breezes.  Night  meteors 
shooting  to  the  north 

14 

77 

Calm 

93 

s. 

87 

S. 

85 

82 

Fresh  breezes.  No  dew 

15 

76 

S.  E. 

92 

s. 

86 

S.  S.  W. 

84 

79 

Light  breezes.   No  dew. 

16 

76 

Calm 

90 

Calm 

87 

N. 

84 

72 

Light  breezes.  Shower  of  rain  in 
the  morn.  No  dew  in  the  even. 

17 

74 

E.  N.  E. 

90 

N.  E. 

86 

N.  N.  E. 

83 

79 

Light  breezes 

18 

73 

W.  S.  W. 

86 

Calm 

81 

E.N.  E. 

89 

72 

Light  brs.  noon.  Rain  in  the  E. 

19 

74 

Calm 

83 

E.  N.  E. 

80 

E.  N.  E. 

79 

74 

20 

76 

S.  S.  E. 

85 

E. 

81 

E. 

80 

76 

21 

68 

Calm 

84 

W.  N.  W. 

78 

N.  W. 

76 

77 

Hard  shower  of  rain  from  North — 
3-16  of  an  inch  of  rain 

22 

61 

N.  W. 

76 

N.  N.  E. 

68 

N.  N.  W. 

68 

76 

Windy 

23 

50 

W. 

72 

Calm 

67 

N.  W. 

63 

70 

24 

54 

S.  S.  E. 

73 

S.  S.  E. 

70 

S.  S.  E. 

65 

66 

Windy 

25 

60 

S.  E. 

83 

S.  S.  E. 

S.  S.  E. 

62 

Strong  gale  of  wind  during  the  day 

26 

63 

S. 

86 

S.  S.  E. 

80 

S.  S.  E. 

78 

Strong  gale  of  wind.  Evening,  rain 

27 

71 

E. 

70 

'N. 

69 

N. 

70 

64 

Strong  gale  of  wind.  Morn,  rain 

28 

50 

N.  W. 

79 

N.  W. 

66 

E.  N.  E. 

65 

65 

Strong  gale  of  wind 

29 

50 

N.  N.  E. 

75 

E.  S.  E. 

70 

Fresh  breezes 

30 

50 

E.  S.  E. 

84 

s.  s.  w. 

71 

S.  W. 

68 

69 

Fresh  breezes 

31 

62 

S. 

93 

w.  s.  w. 

84 

s.  w. 

79 

71 

Windy 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — On  the  evening  of  the  2d,  when  the  moon  was  about  8^* 
above  the  horizon,  brilliant  rays  of  light  appeared  very  distinctly  to  proceed  from  a  point 
5°  or  6°  to  the  north  of  the  moon.     Same  phenomenon  on  the  evening  of  the  3d. 


for  the  Month  0/ AUGUST,  1819. 


xlix 


1 

MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS.            | 

BAROMETER. 

1 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

0 

c 
0 
0 

ha 

c 

'S 

13 
U 

0 

0 

0 
0 

en 

1) 

3 
0 
0 

0 
0 

o5 

0 
0 

28.87 

28.77 

28.74 

Ns. 

N.  E. 

Cml. 

N.  E. 

Cs. 



28.72 

28.68 

28.68 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 



28.68 

28.70 

28.74 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.79 

28.77 

28.77 

Ns. 

E. 

Cm, 

— 

C,  Cs. 

— 

28.83 

28.80 

28.80 











_ 

28.86 

28.85 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 



28.90 

28.82 

28.82 

Ns. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cms. 

— 

28.82 

28.74 

28.74 

Ns. 



Cs. 

Cms. 



28.75 

28.74 

28.74 

Csv  Cms, 

— 

Fair 

— 

Cm, 

— 

28.80 

28.80 

28.80 

Fair 

— 

Cm. 

s.  s.  w. 

Fair 



28.86 

28.86 

28.78 

Fair 

— 

Cm, 

s.  s.  w. 

C,  Cs, 

— 

28.84 

28.80 

28.74 

Cs. 

— 

Cs,  Cms, 

— 

Cs, 

— 

28.77 

28.70 

28.70 

Cm,  Cs, 

— 

Cm, 

— 

Cm,  Cs, 

— 

28.70 

28.63 

28.62 











,__ 

28.62 

28.60 

28.57 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

28.57 

28.63 

28.64 

Ns. 

N.W. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns,  Cs, 

— 

28.66 

28.66 

28.66 

Cs, 



Cs,  Cml, 

S.W.,N.E. 



,      „ 

28.70 

28.67 

28.67 

Cs, 

— 

Cs,  Cm, 

S.W.,N.E. 

Ns. 

E. 

28.74 

28.74 

28.74 

Ns. 

— 

Cms. 

N.  E. 





28.80 

28.75 

28.68 

Fair 

— 

Cm,  Cs, 



C. 



28.68 

28.63 

28.66 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

— 

— 

28.84 

28.85 

28.88 







_ 

_ 

_ 

29.18 

28.85 

28.85 

Cs. 

— 

— 







28.85 

28.77 

28.77 

Cs. 

— 

— 







28.8.3 

28.65 

28.65 

c, 

— 

c. 

E. 

c. 

E. 

28.72 

28.66 

28.63 

Cs, 

— 

Cs,  Cm, 

s.  W. 

Ns. 



28.63 

28.75 

28.75 

Ns. 

N.W. 

Cs,  Cm, 

W.,  N.  W. 





28.94 

28.78 

28.79 

Fair 

— 

Cs. 







29.00 

28.84 

— 

— 









28.97 

28.67 

28.54 

— 

— 









28.57 

28.44 

28.45 

Cs, 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fort  Osage,  August  4th,  magnetic  intensity  26^. 

Fall  of  rain  on  the  26th  instant  3-16ths  of  an  inch — 27lh  ^  an  inch. 


Vol.  II. 


G 


Meteorological  Register 


MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c 
o 

^5 

6 

P 

3 

a.    .  > 

«*: 

'? 

2 

-,    i>  5 

REMARKS. 

1 

c 
S 

75 

'2 

p. 

s 

13 

.s 

1^ 

a. 
S 

c 

e   5-  E 

N.  W. 

92 

S.  S.  E. 

88 

S.  W.       { 

35    75 

Windy 

2 

75 

N.  W. 

88 

E.  S.  E. 

74 

Calm       7 

'9    78 

Light  breezes.    Lightning  in  S.  W. 
at  midnight 

3 

63 

S.S.  E. 

90 

S.  W. 

78 

S.  W.      ) 

'7    80 

Hard  thunder  shower  from  W.  S. 
W.  this  afternoon,  lightning  in 
N.  W.  in  the  evening 

4 

76 

s.  w. 

90 

S.S.  E. 

82 

S.  S.  E.      i 

52    78 

Some  rain  last  night 

5 

71 

N.  N.  W. 

70 

N.  N.  W, 

71 

N.  N.  W.   7 

'0    79 

Rain  and  lightning  last  night,  and  a 
shower  at  noon 

6 

66 

S.  E. 

84 

N.W. 

72 

N.  W.      7 

'4    79 

Thunder  storm  from  S.E.  last  night, 
and  another  from  N.  W.  this  af- 
ternoon, and  during  part  of  the 
night,  with  rain,  and  some  hail  in 
the  night 

7 

70 

N.  W. 

85 

E.  S.  E 

78 

N.  N.W.    7 

7    80 

Violent  thunder  storm  from  N.  N. 
W.  with  a  little  hail  this  afternoon 

8 

65 

N.E. 

85 

E.  S.  E. 

76 

E.  S. E.     7 

5    80 

9 

65 

E.  S.E. 

92 

S.E. 

75 

S.E.        7 

4    77 

Thunder  in  the  W.  and  some  ap- 
pearance of  rain  this  afternoon — 
evening  lightning  in  the  N. 

10 

70 

Calm 

87 

S.  S.  E. 

80 

S.E.       7 

9    70 

11 

72 

Calm 

77 

S. 

76 

S.E.        7 

5    65 

Frequent  light  sprinkles  of  rain  to- 
day, rain  in  the  morning 

12 

74 

S.S.  E. 

82 

S. 

76 

Calm        7 

7    68 

13 

62 

N. 

74 

N.  N.  W. 

67 

N.  N.  W.   6 

7    62 

Very  windy  and  squally  all  day 

14 

50 

W. 

69 

E.  N.  E. 

60 

E.  N.  E.     5 

9    59 

Cooi  breezes.  S.  from  river  at  night , 

15 

50 

s.  w. 

74 

s.  s.  w. 

68 

S.  S.  W.     6 

4    64 

Remarkably  clear  sky  all  this  day 

16 

56 

N.E. 

78 

s. 

71 

S.           6 

8    65 

Remarkably  clear  sky  all  this  day 

17 

55 

S. 

85 

E.  N.  E. 

78 

E.  N.  E.     7 

2    65 

Remarkably  clear  sky  all  this  day 

18 

58 

Calm 

90 

S.  E. 

75 

S.E.        7 

4    66 

19 

56 

N.  N.  W. 

84 

S.  E. 

72 

S.E.        7 

0    66 

20 

58 

S.E. 

70 

S.  E. 

69 

S.  S.  W.     6 

5    60 

Night  S.  from  the  river  and  nimbus 
in  N.  W.  horizon 

21 

56 

E.S.  E. 

80 

E.  S.  E. 

74 

S.E.        7 

0    56 

Fresh  gales  of  wind 

22 

60 

E.S.  E. 

76 

S.  E. 

72 

Ca'm       6 

9    62 

Atmosphere  thick  and  smoky 

23 

54 

N. 

64 

N.  N.  W. 

58 

N.  W.      5 

8    68 

Windy 

24 

41 

N. 

64 

N. 

55 

Calm       5 

3    68 

Windy                                                  ' 

25 

34 

Calm 

70 

Calm 

59 

Calm       5 

4    66 

Frost  last  night 

26 

45 

S.  E. 

82 

S.  E. 

71 

S.E.        6 

5    62 

1                              : 

27 

54 

Calm 

80 

S.E. 

67 

S.E.        6 

7    61 

1  Atmosphere  very  smoky,  occa- 

28 

54 

E.  S.  E. 

77 

S.  R. 

70 

S.E.        6 

7    60 

;.    sioned    by  the    neighbouring 

29 

54 

E.  S.  E. 

85 

S.  E. 

80 

S.  E.        7 

3    60 

prairies  being  on  fire 

30 

62 

Calm 

86 

N.  \V. 

7?:, 

N,  W.      7 

3    66 

J^ote.  The  Expedition  arrived  atENCiifEERCANTONMEjrT,  their  wintering  post,  on  the  17tli 
instant. 


' 

for 

the  Month  o/SEPTEMBER,  1819 

u 

MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS.              | 

BAROMETER. 

1 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

bo 

c 
'c 
o 

c 
o 
o 

> 

CO 

1 

o 

o 

1 

Clouds. 

tn 

V 

o 
O 

pi2 

O 

05 

O 

28.45 

28.40 

28.40 

c. 



C,  Cm, 



Cs, 



28.41 

29.20 

29.20 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.70 

28.47 

28.47 

C,  Cs, 

S.  W.,  W. 

Cs. 

N.  W. 

Ns. 

s.  w. 

28.47 

28.47 

28.47 

c. 

s.  vv. 

Fair 

Cs, 

w. 

28.63 

28.58 

28.58 

Cs.  Cml, 

W.,  N.W. 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

s. 

28.58 

28.50 

28.50 

Cs.  Cml, 

N.  W.,  S. 

Cs, 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.50 

28.44 

28.44 

Ns, 



Cm. 



Ns. 



28.56 

29.60 

29.60 

Fair 



Fair 



Cs, 



28.65 

28.55 

28.55 

C,  Cm, 

— 

C,  Cm, 

— 

Ns, 

— 

28.68 

28.68 

28.68 

Fair 

Cm, 

Cm,  Cs, 

28.66 

28.66 

28.63 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.63 

28.64 

28.64 

Ns. 



Ns 



Fair 



28.76 

28.84 

28.84 

Ns. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Fair 

— 

29.10 

28.92 

28.86 

Fair 

— 

Cm, 



Fair 

— 

28.92 

28.70 

28,68 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.75 

28.64 

28.65 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.75 

28.60 

28.60 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.60 

28.50 

28.50 

Fair 

— 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Fair 

— 

28.70 

28.68 

28.68 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.80 

28.70 

28.70 

S,Ns, 

— 

S,  Cml, 

— 

S. 

— 

28.70 

28.54 

28.54 

S,  Cs, 



Cs, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 



28.56 

28.46 

28.56 

C,C, 

— 

Cs, 

— 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

28.66 

28.66 

28.66 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Fair 

— 

28.78 

28.57 

28.57 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

s. 

— 

28.80 

28.54 

28.54 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

'   28.50 

28.37 

28.37 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.37 

28.43 

28.43 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.70 

28.64 

28.64 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

F.iir 

— 

28.65 

2850 

28.50 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

28.50 

28.54 

28.50 

Cs, 

~ 

Fair 

— 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

September  3d,  fall  of  rain  7-8  inch— 4th,  1-8  inch— 5th,  5-8  inch— 7tli,  3-8  inch— Stli, 
5-8  inch. 


Hi 


Meteorological  Register 


— -       '■  —        ■     -  1 

AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 

c 
o 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

MENT. 

6 

6 

c- 
£ 

s 

1 

0) 

u  i 

REMARKS. 

"o 

&. 

r3 

c. 

ri 

c 

ri 

^  1 

>1 

3 

1 

E 
46 

£ 

4) 

a 

E 

4) 

o 

s 

Calm 

86 

N.  W. 

74 

N.  W. 

68 

65 

Atmosphere  thick  with  smoke 

2 

50 

Calm 

72 

E. 

65 

E. 

62 

— 

Atmosphere  thick  with  smoke 

o 

54 

S.  E. 

75 

S.  E. 

72 

Calm 

67 

— 

Atmosphere  thick  with  smoke 

4 

64 

E.  S.  E. 

90 

S.  E. 

86 

S.  E. 

80 

56 

Atmosphere  thick  with  smoke 

5 

72 

S.  E. 

88 

S.  S.  E. 

82 

S.  S.  E. 

80 

60 

Windy  and  squally.  Atmosphere 
thick  with  smoke 

6 

68 

S.  E. 

71 

S.  E. 

47 

N.  W. 

62 

66 

Light  rain  this  morning 

r 

36 

N.  W. 

39 

N.  W. 

38 

N.  W 

37 

66 

Windy. 

8 

32 

N.  W. 

38 

N.  W. 

36 

N.  W. 

35 

67 

A  little  ice  and  snow  last  night. 
Windy  and  light  snow  this  even. 

9 

31 

N.  W. 

48 

N.  W. 

44 

N.  W. 

41 

70 

Frost  last  night — windy  to-dav 

10 

38 

S.  E. 

68 

N.  N.  W. 

55 

N.  N.  W. 

53 

58 

Windy 

11 

35 

56 

E.  S.  E. 

52 

E.  S.  E. 

47 

53 

Light  sprinkles  of  rain  to-day 

12 

43 

Calm 

52, 

N.  E. 

49 

Calm 

48 

54 

Fresh  breezes  of  wind  all  this  day 

13 

28 

Calm 

57 

S.  E. 

47 

Calm 

44 

46 

Frost  last  night 

14 

42 

S.  E. 

70 

S.  E. 

62 

Calm 

58 

47 

15 

44 

N.  N.  E. 

58 

N.  N.  E. 

53 

N.  W. 

51 

52 

16 

30 

N.  W. 

53 

N.  W. 

42 

W. 

41 

57 

Frost  last  night 

17 

26 

S.  E.  ■ 

59 

E.  S.  E. 

51 

S.  E. 

45 

49 

Frost  last  night — water  also  froze 
in  a  vessel  left  out 

18 

43 

N.  N.  W. 

57 

W.  N.  W. 

53 

W.  N.  W. 

51 

46 

Windy 

19 

40 

N.  W. 

53 

N.  W. 

45 

N.  W. 

46 

46 

High  wind  this  day 

20 

29 

Calm 

53 

N.  W. 

45 

W.  N.  W. 

42 

47 

Hail  last  night 

21 

28 

Calm 

49 

S.  E. 

46 

S.  E. 

41 

48 

Heavy  frost  last  night 

22 

38 

Calm 

74 

A'^ariable 

65 

N.  W. 

59 

42 

High  wind  this  afternoon.  Fog  on 
the  river  this  morning 

23 

40 

N.  W. 

N.  W. 

N.  W. 

46 

High  winds 

24 

N.  W. 

N.W. 

N.  W. 

48 

High  winds 

25 

s.  s.  w. 

s.  s.  w. 

s.  s.  w. 

39 

High  winds 

26 

29 

Calm 

56 

S.E. 

54 

S.E. 

46 

42 

27 

32 

Calm 

59 

Calm 

56 

Calm 

49 

50 

28 

32 

Calm 

68 

s.  s.  w. 

66 

S.  S.  W. 

55 

53 

29 

39 

Calm 

61 

N. 

57 

N. 

51 

52 

Frost  last  night,  smoky  atmos- 
phere to-day 

30 

31 

Calm 

52 

S.  E. 

54 

S.  E. 

45 

52 

Atmosphere  filled  with  dense 
smoke 

31 

50 

N.  W. 

77 

N.  W. 

61 

N.  W. 

62 

43 

Atmosphere  filled  with  dense 
smoke 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — The  Aurora  Borealis  appeared  in  N.  N.  E.  at  8  o'clock  on  the 
evening  of  the  12th,  near  the  horizon,  and  continued  but  a  short  time. 

The  atmosphere  has  been  very  thick  witli  smoke  during  this  month  generally,  occasioned 
by  the  burning  of  the  prairies.     This  appearance  has  generally  been  near  the  horizon,  but 


for  the  Month  0/ OCTOBER,  1819. 


liii 


MODIFICATIONS  AND 

COURSES 

OF  CLOUDS. 

BAROMETER. 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c 

0 

c 
0 

c 
S5 

bo 

e 

'c 
> 

'a 

05 

3 
0 
U 

0 

0 

u5 

D 
0 
0 

a? 

u 

3 
0 
0 

:s.73 

28.54 

28.56 

Cml, 

N.  W. 

Fair 



Fair 

^_ 

28.74 

28.62 

28.62 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



Fair 



28.54 

28.45 

28.38 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



Fair 



28.38 

28.28 

28.28 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



c, 

s.  w. 

28.38 

28.35 

28.35 

Cml, 

— 

Cm, 

— 

c. 

— 

28.40 

28.33 

28.40 

Ns. 

s.  w. 

Ns. 

_ 

Ns. 

28.70 

28.80 

28.87 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 



Ns. 



28.96 

28.94 

28.94 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

23.88 

28.83 

28.72 

Fair 

_ 

c, 

Fair 

28.71 

28.66 

28.67 

c. 

— 

C,  Cml, 



Ns. 



28.88 

28.88 

28.96 

Fair 

— 

Ns. 



Ns. 

W.  N.  W. 

29.21 

29.20 

29.23 

Ns. 

— 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Cml, 



29.45 

29.28 

29.25 

Fair 



Fair 



Fair 



29.16 

28.90 

28.83 

Fair 



Fair 



Fair 



28.69 

28.64 

28.65 

c. 

N. 

Cml, 

— 

Cml, 



28.87 

28.78 

28.78 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



28.90 

28.75 

28.75 

Fair 

— 

c. 

W. 

c. 

N.W. 

28.64 

28.61 

28.61 

c, 

N.  W. 

Cm, 

N.  W. 

Ns, 

N.W. 

28.76 

28.76 

28.76 

Cm, 

N.  W. 

Cm, 

N.  W. 

Ns. 



28.95 

28.95 

29.00 

Cm, 



Cm, 



Cm. 



29.16 

29.00 

28.88 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Fair 

^_ 

28.66 

28.35 

28.45 

C. 

N.  W. 

c. 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.78 

c. 



c, 

_ 

c. 

_ 

Cs. 

— 

c, 

— 

c. 

— 

c. 

— 

Fair 



Fair 



28.92 

28.88 

28.90 

c. 

N.  W. 

c, 



Fair 



28.94 

28.88 

28.88 

c, 

N.  W. 

c, 

N.  W. 

C 

N.  W. 

28.96 

28.73 

28.67 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



Fair 



28.83 

28.74 

28.69 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

28.88 

28.73 

28.64 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

28.48 

28.48 

28.48 

c, 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.W. 

c, 

N.  W. 

at  some  times,  particularly  in  the  latter  part  of  the  month,  the  whole  of  the  sky  has  been  ob- 
scured by  smoke,  bearing  mucli  resemblance  in  the  moruing,  when  there  was  little  wind,  to 
a  thick  fog. 

6th — Fall  of  rain  3-16ths  of  an  inch, 


liv 


Meteorological  Register 


AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVK.JNlJNli. 

MENT. 

o 

6 
3 

6 

3 

E 

c  o 

o 

'3 
a. 

TS 

2 

"d 

c 

1- 

REMARKS. 

0 
1 

E 

4) 

H 
52 

6 

,4) 

S 

So 

N.  W. 

63 

N.  W. 

54 

N.  W. 

56 

— 

Windy  and  boisterous 

2 

33 

S.  E. 

65 

Var. 

60 

N.  W. 

52 

50 

Strong  winds.  Gust  at  2  P.  M. 

3 

44 

N.  W. 

54 

N.  W. 

53 

N.  W. 

50 

49 

Windy 

4 

32 

Calm 

64 

N.  W. 

58 

N.  W. 

51 

47 

Windy 

5 

44 

S.  E. 

54 

S.  E. 

57 

S.  E. 

51 

44 

Windy.  Atmos.  dense  with  smoke 

6 

46 

N.  W. 

50 

N.  W. 

47 

N.  W. 

47 

43 

Very  windy  and  boisterous 

7 

30 

S.  E. 

54 

S.  E. 

56 

S.  E. 

46 

50 

Windy 

8 

47 

S.  E. 

68 

S.  E. 

56 

S.  E. 

57 

— 

Light  wind.    Almos.  very  smoky 

9 

30 

Calm 

40 

N.  W. 

44 

N.  W. 

38 

47 

Light  wind.  A  little  rain  at  even- 
ing, with  thunder  and  lightning 

10 

57 

S. 

58 

S. 

54 

S. 

56 

48 

Rainy  until  noon 

11 

36 

Var. 

53 

s. 

52 

s. 

47 

49 

Light  brs.  Atmosphere  very  clear 

12 

38 

N.  W. 

40 

N.  W. 

36 

N.  W. 

38 

56 

A  little  rain  last  night 

13 

38 

S.  E. 

41 

S.  E. 

43 

S.  E. 

40 

50 

Fresh  breezes 

14 

38 

S.  E. 

64 

Calm 

48 

Calm 

50 

41 

Mild  weather 

15 

45 

S.  E. 

56 

S.  E. 

50 

N.  W. 

50 

37 

Mild.  At  sunset  wind  N.  W. 

16 

33 

Calm 

52 

N.  W. 

50 

N.W. 

45 

50 

Frost  last  night.   Light  winds 

17 

34 

S.  E. 

46 

S.  E. 

43 

Calm 

41 

59 

Frost  last  night 

18 

24 

Calm 

42 

Sy. 

43 

S.  E. 

36 

47 

Heavy  frost  last  night 

19 

44 

S.  E. 

61 

Sy. 

61 

Sy. 

55 

43 

Moderate  wind 

20 

39 

N. 

43 

N. 

41 

N. 

41 

— 

Windy 

21 

36 

S.  E. 

38 

S.  E. 

39 

S.  E. 

o7 

47 

Rain  before  daylight 

22 

40 

N.  W. 

42 

N.  W. 

40 

N. 

40 

38 

Rain  last  night 

23 

o7 

E. 

39 

S.  E. 

42 

S.  E. 

39 

46 

Kain  last  niglit.  Ground  covered 
with  sleet  in  the  morning 

24 

35 

W. 

43 

W. 

44 

W. 

40 

— 

Rainy  last  night 

25 

36 

S.  E. 

39 

S.  E. 

43 

S.  E. 

39 

48 

Heavy  frost  last  night.  Lit.  rn.  even. 

26 

18 

N.  W. 

22 

N.  W. 

23 

N.  W. 

21 

48 

Snow  1-8  in.    Little  ice  in  river 

27 

10 

Calm 

20 

S.  E. 

25 

S.  E. 

18 

51 

Much  floating  ice  in  river 

28 

20 

S.  E. 

34 

S.  E. 

36 

S.  E. 

30 

39 

Frost  last  night 

29 

29 

S.  E. 

40 

S,  E. 

40 

S.  E. 

36 

— 

Floating  ice  increasing  in  river 

30 

30 

Calm 

55 

Calm. 

42 

Calm 

42 

:i5 

Floating  ice  increasing  in  river.Fair 

Rei 

narkable  Ph 

sno 

mena. — The 

at 

mosphere  c 

on 

:inue 

d  its  smoky  appearance  until  the 

1 1th,  appearing  to  be  produced  by  southerly  and  south-easterly  winds,  and  carried  off  by 
north  and  north-westerly  ones. 


for  the  Month  0/ NOVEMBER,  1819. 


iv 


MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS.              | 

BAROMETER. 

1 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

.5 

0 

c 
0 

0 

c 
> 

0 
0 

Courses. 

3 
0 

3 
0 
0 

-3 

3 
0 

U 

10 

i   28.70 

28.63 

28.73 

Fair 



Fair 



Fair 

— 

'   28.75 

28.45 

28.50 

C. 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.W. 

c, 

— 

2S. 65 

28.67 

28.66 

c. 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.W. 

c. 

N.W. 

28.53 

28.49 

28.49 

Cms, 

N.  W. 

c, 

— 

c. 

— 

28.50 

28.18 

28.09 

c, 

W. 

— 



— 

— 

28.65 

28.71 

28.82 

c, 

— 

c. 

— 

c. 

— 

28.95 

28.64 

28.48 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

— 

— 

— 

28.35 

28.22 

28.30 

— 

— 



— 

— 

28.68 

28.60 

28.60 

— 

— 

— 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.35 

28.13 

28.13 

Ns. 

^_ 

Ns. 

S.  S.  E. 

Cml, 

S.  S.  E. 

28.53 

28.53 

28.47 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



Pair 

— 

28.59 

28.80 

28.80 

Ns, 

N.  W. 

Ns. 



Ns. 

— 

28.89 

28.70 

28.56 

Ns, 

S.  E. 

Cs, 

— 

c. 

— 

28.41 

28.33 

28.35 

c. 

c. 

N.W. 

Cs, 

— 

28.10 

27.90 

28.10 

Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

c. 

— 

Cs, 

W. 

28.44 

28.43 

28.47 

Fair 

— 

c, 

N.W. 

Cms, 

— 

28.60 

28.46 

28.51 

c. 

N.  W. 

Cs, 

N.W. 

Cs, 

N.W. 

28.90 

28.70 

28.56 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Ns, 

N.W. 

Ns, 

N.W. 

28.30 

28.21 

28.31 

Cs, 

W. 

Cs, 

W. 

c. 

W.  N.  W. 

28.75 

28.76 

28.80 

Cs. 

— 

c. 

W.  N.  W. 

Cs, 

— 

28.94 

28.83 

28.76 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.83 

28.92 

28.97 

Ns, 

N.  W. 

Ns, 

N.W, 

Ns. 

N.W. 

28.95 

28.69 

28.57 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.54 

28.55 

28.62 

c, 

s.  w. 

Fair 

__ 

Falf 

__ 

28.72 

28.60 

23.55 

Ns. 

s.  w. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

29.13 

29  A^ 

29.13 

Cml, 

N.W. 

Cml, 

N.W. 

Cml, 

N.W. 

29.43 

29.25 

29.21 

Fair 



Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

29.14 

29.08 

28.95 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

29.02 

28.91 

28.87 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 

N.W. 

Cs, 

— 

28.85 



28.77  1  28.77 

Fair 

— 

c, 

N.W. 

c. 

N.W. 

November  10th,  fall  of  rain  5  inch — 23d,  |  inch — 24th,  \  inch. 


Ivi 


Meteorological  Register 


-s 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 
MENT. 

CJ 

6 

jj 

c. 

■^  £ 

o 

^ 

3 

2 

3 

£ 

^l 

C4. 

0) 

3 

£2 

REMARKS. 

0 

(i. 

r3 

0- 

•rj 

c- 

TJ 

c 

6 

H 

g 

£ 

C5 

<u 

II 

1 

34 

Calm 

51 

N.  W. 

46 

N.  W. 

43 

37 

Thawing 

2 

32 

S.  E. 

41 

S.  E. 

43 

S.  E. 

38 

34 

No  floating  ice  in  river 

3 

32 

S.  E. 

52, 

S.  E. 

49 

S.  E. 

44 

30 

Thawing 

4 

34 

E. 

39 

E. 

39 

E. 

37 

39 

Frost  last  night 

5 

33 

S. 

40 

Calm 

43 

Calm 

38 

32 

Rain  at  mid-day 

6 

42 

S.  E. 

45 

S. 

42 

S. 

43 

34 

Drizzling,  A.  M. 

7 

36 

S.  E. 

44 

Calm 

43 

Calm 

41 

43 

Frost  last  night 

8 

38 

N.  W. 

42 

N.  W. 

39 

N.  W. 

39 

45 

Light  winds 

9 

23 

S.  E. 

32 

S.  E. 

32 

S.  E. 

29 

42 

Heavy  frost  last  night 

10 

32 

S.  E. 

34 

S.  E. 

34 

S.  E. 

33 

— 

Windy 

11 

31 

•     S.  E. 

36 

S.  E. 

34 

S.  E. 

33 

27 

Windy 

12 

34 

Calm 

36 

Calm 

36 

Calm 

o5 

29 

A  little  snow,  hail,  and  rain  last 
night.    Float,  ice  this  morn. 

13 

28 

N.  W. 

32 

N.  W. 

26 

N.  W. 

28 

30 

Floating  ice  in  river 

14 

20 

N.  W. 

28 

N.  W. 

24 

N,  W. 

24 

34 

Floating  ice  in  river 

15 

15 

N.  W. 

20 

N.  W. 

19 

N.  W. 

18 

33 

Frost  last  night.  Much  floating 
ice  this  morning 

16 

14 

S.  E. 

24 

S.  E. 

21 

S.  E. 

19 

34 

A  little  snow  in  flakes  at  noon 

17 

21 

S.W. 

oS 

S.  W. 

37 

s.  w. 

31 

34 

Frost  last  night 

18 

29 

N.  W. 

28 

N.  W. 

27 

N.  W. 

28 

33 

Very  windy 

19 

11 

N.  W. 

38 

N.  W. 

24 

N.  W. 

24 

45 

Snow  \  inch  last  night 

20 

17 

S.  E. 

55 

S.  E. 

42 

S.  E. 

38 

39 

Thawing 

21 

35 

S.  E. 

19 

N.  W. 

17 

N.  W. 

23 

3,5 

Very  high  wind 

22 

1 

N.  W. 

o 

N.  W. 

1 

N.  W. 

1 

35 

Ice  made  across  river  last  night 

23 

—10 

N.  W. 

3 

N.  W. 

1 

N.  W. 

_2 

40 

A  little  snow  fell  yesterday 

24 

—  8 

S.W, 

15 

s.  w. 

19 

s.  w. 

9 

43 

River  entirely  closed  with  ice 

25 

18 

Calm 

28 

Stratus  in  horizon  at  midnight 

26 

20 

N.  W. 

43 

N.  W. 

35 

N.  W. 

32 

28 

Frost  last  night 

27 

9 

Calm 

32 

Frost  last  night 

28 

12 

N.  W, 

21 

N.  W. 

11 

N.W, 

14 

25 

W' indy,  slight  snow.    Icy  par- 
ticles in  tlie  air 

29 

4 

S.  E. 

25 

Calm 

16 

Calm 

15 

24 

Frost  last  night 

30 

—  4 

N.  W. 

2 

N.  W. 

—  1 

N.W. 

-1 

16 

A  little  snow  last  night 

31 

—  4 

S.  E. 

15 

S.  E. 

19 

N.W. 

10 

14 

Snow  \  inch  to  day 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — ^December  30th.  This  morning  at  sun-rise  tliere  appeared  two 
ijnages  of  the  sun  about  22°  or  23°  N.  and  S.  of,  and  in  a  horizontal  line  with  the  sun ;  the 
whole  sky  being  obscured  by  dense  cloud :  neither  the  images  nor  the  sun  appeared  very 
distinct,  but  presented  the  appearance  of  luminous  spots.  The  appearance  continued  until 
about  11  o'clock. — This  evening  at  half  past  five  o'clock,  a  similar  phenomenon  accom- 


for  the  3Ionth  0/ DECEMBER,  1819. 


Ivii 


- 

MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS. 

BAROVIETEK. 

^ 

MORNING.         J 

MID.DAY. 

EVENING. 

to 

c 

u 
0 

c 
0 
0 

.5 
1 

0 

0 

0 

3 
0 
0 

Clouds. 

in 

0 

0 
0 

02 

3 
0 

0 

en 

3 
0 
0 

28.94 

28.S0 

28.88 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

c, 



Fair 



28.90 

28.85 

28.72 

Cs, 

— 

Cs, 



Fair 

— 

28.56 

28.55 

28.63 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



Fair 

— 

28.88 

28.78 

28.80 

c, 

N.  W. 

c. 

w. 

Cs, 

— 

28.85 

28.61 

28.61 

Ns, 

S. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.74 

28.63 

28.70 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

N.  &S. 

Ns, 

— 

28.87 

28.73 

28.74 

c. 

W.  N.  W. 

Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

Cs, 

— 

28.84 

28.89 

29.02 

Ns. 

W. 

Ns. 

— 

Cml, 

N.  W. 

29.28 

29-00 

28.97 

c, 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.  W. 

c, 

N.  W. 

28.77 

28.60 

28.58 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns, 

— 

28.75 

28.70 

28.70 

Ns. 

S.E. 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

28.57 

28.44 

28.44 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.47 

28.36 

28.46 

Cml. 

W.  N.  W. 

Ns. 

N.W. 

Ns. 

N.  W. 

28.78 

28.80 

28.83 

Ns. 

N.W. 

Ns. 

N.W. 

Ns. 

N.W. 

29.25 

29.14 

29.08 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 

N.  N.  W. 

Ns. 

— 

29.09 

29.04 

28.91 

Ns, 



Ns. 



Ns. 

N.W. 

28.72 

28.62 

28.50 

Fair 

— 

C,  Cml, 

NW.,  SW. 

c. 

S.W. 

28.49 

28.54 

28.50 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.72 

28.60 

28.60 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

c, 

— 

28.56 

28.50 

28.40 

c, 

— 

Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

Ns, 

— 

28.14 

28.30 

28.49 

Cml, 

N.W. 

Ns, 

N.W. 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

29.00 

28.73 

28.83 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

29.32 

29.02 

29.00 

Cs, 

S.  w. 

Cs, 

s.w. 

c. 

S.W. 

28.93 

28.80 

28.50 

Fair 

— 

c. 

— 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

28.64 

c. 

N.  W. 

c. 

— 

c. 

— 

28.58 

23.31 

28.51 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.68 

c. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28.80 

28.57 

28.84 

Ns. 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.84 

28.80 

28.66 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

c, 

N.W. 

Cs, 

N. 

28.98 

28.95 

28.95 

Ns, 

N. 

Ns, 

N. 

— 

— 

28.83 

28.50 

28.54 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Cml, 

N.  W. 

panied  the  moon. — Around  her  there  was  a  halo  or  luminous  circle  of  about  45°  in  dia- 
meter.   In  tlie  circumference  of  this  circle,  on  each  side  the  moon  and  in  a  horizontalline 
with  her,  there  appeared  an  image  similar  to  those  described  of  the  sun,  though  not  quite 
so  distinct.    They  did  not  continue  long. 
December  5th,  fall  of  rain  l-16th  of  an  inch. 


Vol.  II. 


H 


Iviii 


Meteorological  Register 


J= 

MORNING. 

MIDDAY. 

EVENING. 

AT  ENGINEER  CAN- 
TONMENT. 

« 

6 

d, 

rt  j: 

c 

3 

d 

3 

S 

5"  ® 

rt 

d 

? 

<D 

C    -M 

^, 

s 

H 

1)   c 
1-    rt 

REMARKS. 

o 

C 

'6 

C- 

13 

c 

'd 

c 

'T^  s 

E 

? 

S 

e 

t 

C5 

5  ^ 

1 

16 

N.  W. 

22 

N  W. 

20 

N.  W. 

19 

12 

A  little  snow  fell  to-day 

2 

13 

N.  W. 

24 

N.  W. 

18 

N.  W, 

18 

21 

3 

4 

S.E. 

35 

S.  E. 

28 

N.  W. 

22 

— 

Mild  and  fair 

4 

13 

N.  E. 

31 

N.  W. 

21 

N.  W. 

21 

26 

5 

0 

S.  E. 

24 

S.  E. 

19 

S.  E. 

14 

25 

Fresh  winds 

6 

20 

S.  E. 

32 

S.  E. 

28 

S.  E. 

26 

18 

A  little  snow  at  evening' 

7 

16 

N.  M' . 

40 

Calm 

35 

N.  W. 

30 

23 

Thawing 

8 

24 

N.  W. 

32 

N.  N.  E. 

27 

N.  W. 

27 

35 

Snow  in  flakes  at  evening 

9 

7 

N.  N.  W. 

14 

N.  W. 

14 

N.  W. 

11 

35 

Windy.  Snow  ^  inch  last 
night 

10 

—  8 

N.  W. 

3 

N.  W. 

—  ■^ 

N.  W. 

—  3 

27 

Windy.  Slight  snow  last 
night 

1] 

—16 

N.  W. 

—  2 

N.  W. 

—  3 

N.  W. 

—  7 

29 

Moderate  wind 

12 

7 

S.  E. 

32 

S.  E, 

36 

N.  W. 

25 

22 

Strong  wind,  A.M.  Little 
rain  and  snow,  P.  M. 

13 

10 

N.  W. 

17 

N.  W. 

13 

N.  W. 

13 

17 

Snow,  P.  M. 

14 

2 

N.  W. 

21 

N.  W. 

—  1 

N.  W. 

8 

26 

Fresh  wd.   Snow  6  inches 

last  night 

15 

—14 

N.  W. 

—  5 

N. 

—  5 

N. 

—  8 

31 

Fresh  wind 

16 

—  9 

N.  W. 

4 

N.  W. 

1 

N.  W. 

—  1 

25 

17 

—  9 

S.  E. 

11 

S.  E. 

11 

Sy. 

—  4 

35 

Snow  i  inch  at  night. 

18 

—13 

N.  W. 

9 

N.  W. 

1 

N.  W. 

—  1 

25 

Light  wind 

19 

1 

N.  N.  E. 

9^ 

N.  E. 

2 

N.  W. 

4 

27 

Snow  1  inch  last  night. 

20 

—  5 

S.  E. 

9 

S.  E. 

11 

S.  E. 

—  5 

22 

Windy.  Snow  storm  from 
9A.M. 

21 

10 

N.  W. 

13 

N.  W. 

1 

N.  W. 

8 

25 

Snow  till  3  P.  M.  Snow 
5  inches  on  19th  &  20th 

22 

—15 

N.  W. 

11 

N.  W. 

—  8 

N.  W. 

—  4 

33 

Light  winds 

23 

—  9 

S.  E. 

11 

S.  E. 

12 

S.  E. 

5 

29 

Windy.  Therraom.  at  17°, 
P.M. 

24 

19 

N.  W. 

34 

N.  W. 

19 

N.  W. 

20 

20 

25 

—  5 

S.  E. 

23 

S.  E. 

23 

S.  E. 

13 

30 

Windy 

26 

26 

N.  W. 

33 

N.  W. 

21 

N.  W. 

26 

23 

Snow  last  night  4^  inches 

27 

19 

N.  W. 

23 

N.  W. 

4 

N.  W. 

15 

32 

Light  breezes.     Snow 

28 

—15 

S.  E. 

9 

S.  E. 

5 

S.  E. 

0 

36 

Windy 

29 

6 

S   E. 

12 

N.  W. 

—  3 

N.  W. 

5 

21 

Windy.  A  lit.  snow,  A.M. 

30 

—26 

S.  E. 

—  2 

S.  E. 

0 

N.  W. 

—  9 

32 

31—2 

N.  W. 

—  3 

N.  W. 

—11 

N.  W. 

—  5 

30 

Windy,  A.  M. 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — January  18th.  This  morning  a  parhelion  appeared  around  the 
sun  as  he  rose,  consisting  of  a  mock  sun,  or  image  of  the  sun  on  each  side  of  him  in  a  hori- 
zontal  line.  From  the  image  northv/ard  of  the  sun  there  issued  a  cone  of  light,  the  vertex  of 
which  was  directed  from  the  sun.  There  was  no  halo,  and  the  mock  suns  were  not  well  de- 
fined by  any  outline,  though  the  morning  was  fair,  and  the  sun  shone  bright.  At  eight  o'clock 


for  the  Month  of  JANUARY,  1820. 


' 

MODIFICATIONS  AND 

COURSES 

OF  CLOUDS. 

BAROMETER 

±j£^mX\J S^M.»~d  M.  L^Xti 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY.          j 

EVENING. 

C 

'c 
o 

o 
o 

2i 

c 

'S 

<u 

o5 

o 

c3 

3 

O 

3 
O 

O 

3 
O 

a 

3 
O 

Courses. 

28.58 

28.77 

28.87 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 



Cs. 

— 

29.00 

28.91 

29.00 

Ns, 

— 

c, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 

— 

28.98 

28.76 

28.87 

c. 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.  W. 

Fair 

— 

29.04 

28.97 

29.03 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

c. 

W. 

29.19 

29.02 

29.04 

c, 

N.  W. 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.88 

28.74 

28.66 

Cs. 

N. 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.60 

28.44 

28.57 

Cs, 

— 

c, 

— 

Cs, 

— 

28.80 

28.74 

28.85 

Cs. 

— 

Ns. 

N.E. 

Ns. 

— 

29.14 

29.04 

29.10 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

29.15 

29.12 

29.21 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

29.48 

29.27 

29.21 

Fair 

Fair 



Fair 



28.63 

28.58 

28.62 

Ns. 

W.N.  W. 

Ns 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.77 

28.75 

28.78 

Ns 

N.  W. 

Ns. 



Ns. 



28.97 

•  28.97 

29.13 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

c, 

— 

29.40 

29.40 

29.40 

Ns. 



Ns. 



Ns. 



29.22 

28.98 

28.96 

Ns. 

— 

Cml. 

— 

— 

— 

28.82 

28.76 

28.86 

Cs, 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

29.06 

28.93 

28.90 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Hazy 

— 

28.83 

28.83 

28.86 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28.70 

28.59 

28.60 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.85 

28.99 

29.15 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

~ 

Cml, 

— 

29.33 

29.27 

29.26 

Fair 



Fair 



Fair 



29.05 

28.95 

28.96 

Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

Cml, 

— 

Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

29.19 

29.15 

29.19 

Cs. 



Cs. 



Cs. 

W. 

29.08 

28.95 

28.84 

Ns. 

s.  w. 

Cml, 

s.  s.  w. 

Cml, 

S.  S.  w. 

28.42 

28.42 

28.61 

Ns. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28.78 

28.85 

28.96 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Cs, 

— 

28.90 

28.77 

28.80 

c, 

s.  w. 

c, 

s.  w. 

Cs, 

— 

28.75 

28.71 

28.95 

Cml, 

S.  E. 

Cs, 

N. 

Cs, 

— 

29.07 

28.95 

28.93 

c, 

— 

c, 

— 

Cs, 

— 

29.30 

29.38 

29.41 

1        Cs, 

W.  N.  W. 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

the  distance  of  the  mock  suns  from  each  other,  measured  by  a  sextant,  was  found  to  be  44° 
40'.  At  half  past  eight  they  had  assumed  the  appearance  of  extended  planes  perpendicular 
to  the  horizon,  and  about  5°  or  6°  in  length  ;  breadth  aJittle  more  than  sun's  diameter ;  soon 
after  which  they  disappeared.  N.  B.  See  Jiemarkable  Phaioniena  continued,  on  page  Ixviii. 
at  the  conclusion  of  the  Meteorological  Register. 


Ix 


Meteorological  Register 


MORNING. 

MID-DA^ 

if.            EVENING. 

AT  ENGINEER  CAN- 
TONMENT. 

Month.  1 
srature. 

5 

3 

£ 

1 
REMARKS. 

'^ 

a. 

£ 

-d 
1 

c 
a 

1—12 

S.E. 

—  3 

S.  f 

1        —  3 

S.E. 

—  6!     8 

A  little  snow,  A.  M.  and 

2        0 

N,  W. 

7 

N.  V 

l^.       —  2 

N.  W. 

2 

21 

windy 
Fresh  winds 

3—5 

S.E. 

13 

S.I 

^.            20 

S.E. 

9 

33 

Windy 

4        4 

S.E. 

30 

S.  I: 

-.            33 

S.E. 

22 

28 

Windy.     Thermom.  34°, 

5      39 

S.E. 

45 

S.  E 

\            19 

N.  W. 

34 

24 

P.  M.  Snow  melting 
ThaM'ing  at  noon 

6        7 

S.E. 

35 

S.  F 

:.            29 

S.  E. 

23 

40 

Fresh  wind.   Thawing 

7  4 

8  21 

S.E. 

N.  W. 

S.E 
N.  E 

34 
31 

S.E. 
N.  W. 

23 
28 

32 
35 

Damp  &  foggy.  Light  wds. 
Damp  and  foggy.  Icy  par- 
ticles falling  all  day 

9      23 

S.E. 

41 

S.E 

31 

S.E. 

31 

31 

Snow  and  ice  melting 

10      12 

S.E. 

31 

S.E 

38 

S.  E. 

27 

22 

Snow  and  ice  melting 

11      31 

S.  E. 

44 

W.N. 

^\.     34 

N.  N.  W. 

36 

31 

Snow  and  ice  melting 

12      26 

N.  W. 

35 

S.E 

31 

S.E. 

30 

oo 

A  little  rain  and  snow 

13      33 

S.E. 

46 

S.E 

• 

S.  E. 

49 

Rain  and  hail  last  night. 
W"indy  and  warm  to-day 

14      34 

N.  W. 

o5 

N.  \1 

L          37 

N.  W. 

35 

42 

Violent  wind  all  day  with 
a  little  snow 

15       oo 

S.E. 

39 

S.E 

44 

S.E. 

38 

51 

Snow  chiefly  melted.     A 
little  snow  fell 

16      32 

N.  W. 

33 

N.A^ 

r.        29 

N.  W. 

34 

41 

Violent  wind  last  night  &, 
to-day,  with  some  snow 

17      20 

N.W. 

34 

S.E 

51 

S.E. 

28 

49 

Moderate  winds 

18      27 

S.  E. 

30 

S.E 

30 

S.  E. 

29 

38 

Windy 

19      26 

N.  W. 

23 

N.W 

T.           25 

N.W. 

24 

29 

Violent  wind  last  night 

20      20 

N.  W. 

34 

N.  M 

^        30 

N.W. 

28 

37 

Moderate  wind 

21      3^ 

S.  E. 

51 

S.E 

47 

S.  E. 

43 

32 

Thermometer  at  55°.  Ice 

22      35 

N.  W. 

45 

S.E 

37 

S.E. 

39 

39 

rapidly  dissolving 
Fresh  brs.  Ice  melting 

23      33 

N.W. 

47 

N.W 

^.           38 

N.W. 

39 

44 

Windy  and  squally.  Geese 

24      30 

S.  E. 

54 

S.E 

39 

N .  W^. 

41 

53 

flying  northwardly 
Light     breezes.       Geese 

25      33 

N.  W. 

44 

N.W 

35 

N.W. 

37 

45 

passing  northwardly 
Liglit    breezes.      Ducks 
passing  down  river 

26      25 

N.  W. 

39 

N.W 

35 

N.W. 

33 

48 

Snow  last  night  l-8th  inch 

27      21 

N.W. 

44 

N.W 

40 

N.W. 

35 

51 

Frost  last  night 

28      34 

Calm 

57 

S.  E 

49 

W.  N.  W^ 

46 

41 

Frost  last  night 

29      22 

N.W. 

60 

S.E 

55 

W'.  N.  W. 

4i 

32 

Frost  abundant.  River  be- 
gins to  open 

Hemarkable  Phenomena. — 15th,  Lightning  in  X.  E.  this  evening  between  7  and  8  o'clock — 
clear  sky — fresh  S.  E.  wind.  During  the  violent  wind  to-day  the  rain  guage  was  blown  from 
its  station  and  broken. 


for  the  Month  0/ FEBRUARY,  1820. 


ki 


MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS. 

BApn\fP.TF.T7 

1 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c 

'c 
u 
0 

c 
0 

0 

til 

53 

> 

CO 

n 

3 
0 

0 

en 

0 
0 

0 

<n 

4) 
en 
fc. 

3 
0 
0 

1 

Clouds. 

41 

■   t- 

3 
0 

0 

29.06 

28.87 

28.81 

Ns. 

— 

Cs, 

— 

Cs. 

~ 

28.80 

28.77 

28.88 

Cs. 

, 

Cml, 



Fair 



28.85 

28.69 

28.67 

c, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 



Cs, 



28.84 

28.55 

28.60 

c, 

N.  W. 

c. 

W.  N.  W. 

c, 

W.  N.  W. 

28.32 

28.22 

28.72 

Cs, 

W. 

Cs, 



Cml, 



29.00 

28.87 

28.78 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cml, 

w.  s.  w. 

28.95 

28.76 

28.83 

c, 

— 

Fair 

— 

c, 

— 

28.75 

28.60 

28.69 

Ns.  S. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.86 

28.83 

28.79 

Ns. 

_ 

Ns. 



Ns. 



28.84 

28.58 

28.66 

c, 



c. 

N.  W. 

Fair 

— 

28.60 

28.33 

28.50 

c, 

— 

c. 



C, 

— 

28.80 

28.50 

28.60 

Cs. 



Fair 

— 

c. 

— 

28.33 

28.16 

Cs, 

— 

c, 

— 

c. 

— 

28.24 

28.26 

28.33 

Cs, 

— 

Ns. 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.24 

28.00 

27.80 

Cs,  Cml, 

SSW,SSE 

Ns. 

S.  S.  E. 

Cm, 

— 

27.96 

28.21 

28.43 

Ns. 

N.  N.  W. 

Ns. 

— 

Cs, 

— 

28.76 

28.55 

28.66 

Fair 



c, 



c, 



28.86 

28.73 

28.55 

Cs. 

N.  N.  W. 

Cs, 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28.44 

28.69 

28.89 

Ns. 



Cml, 

N.  N.  W. 

c. 

— 

28.96 

28.86 

28.87 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.74 

28.50 

28.42 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.53 

28.47 

28.49 

c, 

_ 

0. 

N.  W. 

c. 

N.  W. 

28.16 

28.19 

28.40 

Cs, 

— 

Cms, 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.30 

28.07 

28.08 

Cs. 

W.  N.W. 

Cs. 

W.  N.  W. 

C,  Cs, 

— 

23.11 

27.96 

28.05 

Cs, 

— 

Cs,  Cml, 

S.W,N.W. 

Ns, 

— 

28.21 

28.25 

28.38 

Ns, 

N.  W. 

Cs,  Cml, 

VV.,NNW. 

Cs, 



.    28.67 

28.58 

28.63 

c, 

— 

Cs, 

— 

(^, 

— 

28.87 

28.73 

28.73 

Fair 

— 

c. 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.90 

28.65 

28.57 

Fair 

■  — 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

22d. — Halo  around  the  moon  tliis  evening  at  40'  past  6 — ascertained  its  diameter  to  be 
45°  8'.     Cirrus  cloud  all  over  the  .sky. 

23d. — Halo  around  the  moon  this  eveniner  also. 


Ixii 


Meteorological  Register 


S  ^ 

S  = 

AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 

MORNING. 

MIDDAY. 

EVENlJMi. 

m    O 

—  -^ 

.MENT. 

>^.    Tj< 

t*.CN 

•  1 

C  1  fc. 

^ 

6 

p" 

5-  o 

_    <n 

o    ^ 

— 

3 

o  -^ 

X'l 

rt 

rt 

;_ 

Si 

REMARKS. 

o    — 

-a 

■^ 

V 

'3 

= 

tl 

K-E 

at 

a 

■^ 

c 

■^ 

iP 

o 

H 

r* 

h 

S 

1 

20 

N.  W. 

32 

N.  W. 

21 

N.  W. 

24 

40 

—12 

Violent  winds 

2 

16 

N.  W. 

36 

S.E. 

26 

Culm 

22 

24 

+  1 

Frost  last  niglit.  Icy  particles 
tailing  in  ihe  morning 

3  21 

N.W. 

28 

N.W. 

24 

N.  W. 

24 

24 

+  5i 

Strong  wind.  A  little  snow 

432 

s.  w. 

50 

S.  E. 

48 

N.  W. 

43 

31 

+  5 

Frost  last  night.  Fresli  wind 

530 

N.  W. 

28 

N.  W. 

25 

N.  W. 

27 

41  1—  2 

Very  clear  sky  all  day 

6i  5 

N.  W. 

13 

N.  W. 

9 

N,  W. 

9 

44 

+  2i 

Snow  1  inch  last  night 

71  6 

N.  W. 

15 

N.  W. 

14 

N.W. 

11 

26 

+27^ 

Frost  last  night 

815 

N.  W. 

16 

N.  N.  E. 

12 

N.  W. 

14 

28 

+20 

Frost  last  night 

9 

24 

N.  W. 

23 

E.S.  E. 

24 

S.E. 

23 

31 

+  4 

Frost  last  night 

10 

20 

Calm 

35 

S.E. 

34 

S.  E. 

29 

oo 

—  5 

Fresh  wind.  No  geese,  few 
ducks  flying 

11 

28 

S.  E. 

23 

S.  E. 

25 

S.  E. 

25 

27 

—  1^ 

Violent  winds.  Snow  ^  inch 

12 

31 

S.E. 

42 

S.  E. 

37 

S.  E. 

36 

27 

+  7" 

Moderate  winds 

13  32 

N.W. 

46 

N.W. 

40 

N.  AV. 

39 

34 

+     i 

Rain  last  night 

1419 

N.  \V. 

oo 

N.W. 

32 

Calm 

28 

46 

—  6 

Fi-ost  last  nt.  Riv.  break,  up 

15  22 

N.  W. 

39 

N.  W. 

34 

N.  W. 

31 

36 

—  5 

Frost  last  night 

16J21 

S.E. 

51 

N.W. 

43 

N.W. 

38 

40 

—  3 

Do.    Moderate  winds 

17  24 

N.  W. 

45 

N.  W. 

3(> 

Calm 

35 

43 

-3i 

Do.  Light  and  var.  winds 

18 

34 

S.E. 

61 

S.  E. 

58 

S.E. 

51 

40 

-14i 

River  open.    Geese, .swans, 

ducks,  &c.  flying  up 

19 

39 

N.W. 

48 

N.W. 

41 

N.  W. 

42 

39 

-  1^ 

A  little  rain,  A.  M. 

20  25 

Calm 

48 

N.  W. 

41 

Calm 

38 

44 

-  1^ 

A  little  rain,  P.  M. 

21 

25 

Calm 

58 

N.  W. 

49 

N.  W. 

44 

42 

-{-  5 

Frost.  Geese,  &c.  flying  Nly. 

22 

34 

Calm 

67 

N.W. 

58 

N.W. 

53 

43 

+10 

Moderate  wind 

23 

38 

S.  E. 

65 

S.E. 

68 

S.  E. 

57 

48 

+42 

Violent  wind  all  day 

24 

55 

S.  E. 

65 

S. 

53 

S. 

57 

54 

+40 

High  wind,  A.  M.  Showers 
P.  M.  Light,  in  N.  E.  even. 

25 

38 

N.  W. 

51 

N.W. 

46 

N.W. 

45 

56 

+10 

Drizzly,  A.  M. 

26 

38 

N.W. 

40 

N.W. 

42 

N.W, 

40 

57 

—12 

Heavy  rain  till  7  A.  M.  Some 
rain  and  snow  afterwards 

27 

29 

Calm 

56 

S.E. 

45 

S.E. 

43 

57 

+10 

Frost  last  nt.  A  lit. rain  P.M. 

28 

39 

S.  E. 

45 

E. 

38 

N.E. 

40 

50 

-4i 

Rain  occas.  through  the  day 

29 

28 

N.  W. 

34 

N. 

32 

N.E. 

31 

51 

—  6 

Fresh  winds 

30 

28 

S.  E. 

56 

S.E. 

52 

S. 

45 

34 

—  2 

Heavy  frost  last  night 

31 

35 

Calm 

57 

N.E. 

40 

N.  E. 

44 

34 

+  6 

Windy  P.  M.  and  all  night 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — Halo  around  the  moon  on  the  evening  of  the  21st. — Continued 
several  hours.     Same  on  the  evening  of  the  23d,  from  7  till  11  o'clock. 

The  ice  on  the  Missouri  broke  and  commenced  moving  on  the  29th  February  ;  but  a 
few  days  after  it  blocked  up  and  continued  stationary  until  the  14th  of  the  present  month, 
when  it  began  to  move  again ;  and  on  the  18th  it  was  entirely  open  and  clear  of  ice.  In 
this  register  an  extra  column  is  added,  containing  the  daily  rise  or  fall  of  the  river.     The 


^J^' 


fcr  the  Month  0/ MARCH,  1820. 


Ixiil 


BAROMETER. 


29.27 
29.42 

28.90 
28.67 
28.88 
29.14 
29.16 
29.32 
29.14 
29.20 

29.20 
28.95 
28.74 
28.76 
28.89 
28.94 
29.05 
28.82 

28.75 
29.10 
28.88 
28.38 
28.58 
28.30 

28.62 
28.31 

28.90 
28.87 
29.27 
29.03 
28.53 


29.27 
29.10 

28.90 
28.84 
28.75 
29.04 
29.10 
29.18 
28.96 
29.18 

29.14 
28.80 
28.62 
28.67 
28.81 
28.72 
28.90 
28.60 

28.75 
28.90 
28.74 
28.25 
28.26 
28.30 

28.52 
28.37 

28.90 
28.91 
29.30 
28.89 
28.60 


MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS. 


MORNING. 


29.50 
29.00 

28.94 
28.84 
28.86 
29.12 
29.16 
29.20 
28.98 
29.18 

29.00 
28.74 
28.55 
28.67 
28.84 
28.77 
28.90 
28.50 

28.88 
28.83 
28.48 
28.49 
28.20 
28.40 

28.50 
28.60 

28.90 
29.02 
29.28 
28.72 
28.34 


Fair 
C, 

Ns, 
C, 
Fair 
Cs. 
•  Fair 
Fair 
Fair 
Cs, 

Ns. 
Ns.  S 
Ns.  S 
Ctnl, 

Cs. 
Fair 

Cs 
Fair 

Ns. 
Fair 
Fair 
C, 
Cs. 
Cs, 

Ns. 
Ns. 

Cs, 
Cml, 
Cml, 

C, 
Fair 


NUD-DAY. 


N.  W. 


N.  N.  E. 


S.  E. 


N.  N.  W. 
W.  N.  W, 

N.  N.W. 


N.  W. 

s.  w. 


N.W. 

N.W. 


Fair 
Cs, 

Cml, 
C, 
C, 

Cml, 
Fair 
P'air 
Fair 

Ns. 

Ns. 

Ns. 

Cs, 
Cml, 

Cs. 
Cml, 

Cs, 
C, 

Ns. 
Cml. 

C, 

C, 

Cs. 
Ns. 

Ns. 
Ns. 

Cs. 

Ns, 

Cml, 

Fair 

C,  Cs, 


N.  N.  E. 


N.W. 
N.  E. 


EVENING. 


N.  N.  W. 
W.  N.  W 


N.  N.  W. 


N. 


W. 

S.  E. 


Fair 
C, 

Cml, 
Cs, 
Cs, 
C, 
Fair 
Fair 
Cs, 
Ns. 

Ns. 

Ns. 

Ns, 

Cml, 
Cs, 

Cml, 
Cs, 
Cs, 

Cml, 
Cml, 

C, 
Cml, 

Cs, 
Cml, 

Cs, 

Cml, 

Cs. 
Cs. 
Cml, 
Cml, 
Cs. 


N. 


N.N.  W, 
W.  N.  W. 


W. 

N. 


W, 


W. 


sign  —  denotes  the  fall  of  the  water  durinij  the  last  twenty-four  hours,  and  the  sign  -\- 
denotes  its  rise  during  the  same  length  of  time.  When  the  register  was  commenced  the 
river  was  three  feet  above  the  low-water  mark,  or  its  lowest  stage  in  the  winter.  There- 
fore on  the  25tii,  when  it  was  highest  this  month,  it  was  thirteen  feet  five  inches  above  its 
lowest  stage  in  the  winter. 


Ixiv 


Meteorological  Register 


3  £ 
o  s 

AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 

A 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

MENT. 

9 

u 

1) 

c 

■=«  = 

c 

o 

a; 

3 

REMARKS. 

o 

'6 

e 

-3 

c. 

r5 

c 

~  £ 

'fS"s 

>> 

£ 

B 

G 

£ 

5 

a) 

i  z 

Q 

4) 

H 

i^ 

"^ 

CJ 

H 

■^ 

^ 

«!5 

o 

1 

29 

N.  N.  E. 

28 

N.  W. 

20 

N.  W. 

25 

52 

+  5 

A  light  snow  fell  to-day 

2 

15 

N.  N.  E. 

38 

N.  W. 

27 

N.  W. 

24 

32 

—  7 

Geese,  &c.  flying  S.  to-day 

3 

14 

Calm 

41 

S.  E. 

46 

E. 

33 

— 

—  3 

Large  frost  last  night 

4 

40 

W.  N.  W. 

64 

N.W. 

51 

N.  W. 

51 

— 

+12 

Strong  wind 

5 

29 

N.  W. 

59 

N.  W. 

49 

Calm 

45 

— 

+22 

Strong  wind 

6 

41 

S.  E. 

65 

N.  W. 

55 

N.W. 

53 

— 

+  5 

Very  windy.  Large  hail  fell 
before  sun-rise 

7 

41 

N.  W. 

65 

N.  W. 

52 

N.  W. 

52 

44 

—  9 

Windy.  Light  sprinkle  oi 
rain  this  afternoon            i 

8 

32 

Calm 

57 

N.  W. 

47 

N.  W. 

45 

46 

0 

Strong  wind 

9 

40 

S.  E. 

76 

S.  E. 

70 

S.  E. 

62 

47 

0 

Windy                                      | 

10 

50 

S. 

79 

S. 

69 

N.  W. 

66 

57 

+28 

Geese  flying  N.  Strong  wind  i 

11 

49 

N.  W. 

69 

N.  W. 

59 

N.W. 

59 

— 

+12 

Strong  wind                            j 

12 

35 

S.  E. 

65 

S.  E. 

64 

Calm 

54 

56 

+14 

Veiy  strong  wind 

13 

48 

S.  E. 

80 

S.E. 

72 

S.E. 

66 

52 

—12 

Lt.  inN.andN.W.   Windy 

14 

50 

S.  E. 

68 

S.E. 

70 

Calm 

62 

54 

—16 

Rain  and  tluinder  in  aftern. 

15 

51 

S.  E. 

71 

S.E. 

72 

S.  E. 

64 

55 

-  n 

Fresh  wind.  Lightn.  in  N.W. 

16 

49 

S.  E. 

62 

S.E. 

64 

S.  E. 

58 

49 

—  4 

Rainy 

17 

50 

S.  E. 

66 

S.E. 

79 

S.E. 

65 

—  4i 

Lightning  last  night 

18 

53 

S.  E. 

82 

S.E. 

82 

S. 

72 

—  5^ 

Fresh  wind 

19 

63 

S. 

79 

S.  E. 

—  3 

Strong  wind 

20 

59 

s. 

65 

S.E. 

62 

Calm 

62 

-  Ih 

Strong  wind 

21 

54 

S.  E. 

71 

N.  W. 

74 

N.W. 

66 

—  3 

Fresh  breeze 

22 

55 

N.  W. 

76 

S.E. 

70 

N.  W. 

67 

—  3 

Wind  very  strong  at  mid-day  > 

23 

58 

S.  E. 

84 

S.  E. 

83 

S.  E. 

75 

0 

Strong  wind 

24 

65 

S.  E. 

79 

S.  E. 

80 

E.  S,  E. 

74 

—  2 

Fresh  wind.  Violent  rain  and 
hail  storm  after  sun-set,  1-3 
inch  rain  in  one  hour 

25 

50 

N.  W. 

52 

N.W. 

57 

N.  W. 

53 

-  J 

Rain  to-day 

26 

42 

N.  W. 

63 

N.W. 

67 

N.  W. 

57 

—  3 

Fresh  breeze 

27 

49 

N.W. 

67 

E.  N.  E. 

69 

E. 

61 

—  2.\ 

28 

53 

S.  E. 

59 

S.E. 

64 

S.  E. 

58 

—  1* 

Fresh  wind  in  morning 

29 

5:^ 

S.  E. 

65 

E.  S.  E. 

67 

E.  S.  E. 

61 

—    i 

30 

56 

S.E. 

68 

E. 

70 

E.  S.  E. 

64 

-8^ 

Remarkable  Phenomena. — 20th,  Halo  and  Corona  around  the  moon. 

In  the  hail  storm  of  the  24tli,  hail  stones  fell  of  a  very  large  size.  One  of  the  largest  seen 
here  was  of  the  following  dimensions,  viz.  length  2  inches,  breadth  1^  inches,  depth  1  1-8 
inches. 


for  the  Month  0/ APRIL,  1820. 


Ixv 


BAROMETER. 

MODIFICATIONS  AND  COURSES  OF  CLOUDS. 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

fci) 

0 

c 
0 
0 

bo 

c 

0 
> 

7! 

0 

en 

<u 

3 
0 
0 

0 

0 

CO 

3 
0 
0 

0 

tn 
<U 

S-l 

S 
0 
0 

29.00 

29.03 

29.10 

Ns. 



Ns. 



Cs. 

.^ 

29.16 

29.08 

29.10 

Fair 



Cs. 

— 

Fair 



29.08 

28.90 

28.70 

Fair 



Fair 

' — 

Cs, 



28.30 

28.38 

28.56 

Cs, 

— 

Cml, 

N.  W. 

Fair 



28.56 

28.70 

28.80 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 

— 

c. 

N.  W. 

28.60 

28.30 

28.40 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28.45 

28.56 

28.73 

Fair 

— 

Cm, 

N.  W. 

Ns. 

— 

28.94 

28.75 

28.84 

Fair 



c, 



Cs, 

_ 

28.66 

28.36 

28.10 

c. 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



28.00 

27.44 

27.50 

C,  Cm, 

W.  N.  W. 

c. 

N.  W. 

Cml, 

N  W. 

28.32 

28.32 

28.39 

c, 



Cs, 

— 

Cs, 

N   W. 

28.48 

27.94 

28.35 

Cml, 



Cml, 

s.  w. 

Cml, 

S.  W. 

28.50 

28.00 

28.00 

Cml, 

N.  W. 

— 

— 

Cs,  Cm, 

S.W. 

28.25 

28.05 

27.90 

Ns, 

S. 

Ns. 

— 

Cs, 



28.20 

28.10 

28.10 

Cml, 

s.  w. 

Cml, 

— 

Ns. 



28.40 

28.25 

28.20 

Ns, 

N.  E. 

Ns. 

N.  E. 

Cs. 



28.23 

28.05 

27.96 

Ns. 

_— 

Ns. 

— 

Cml, 



28.03 

27.60 

27.72 

Fair 

— 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 

S.W. 

27.40 

27.40 

Cs. 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cml, 



28.30 

28.30 

28.33 

Cs, 



Cs, 

— 

Cs, 



28.40 

28.20 

28.10 

Fair 

— 

Cml, 

— 

Cs, 



28.40 

27.94 

28.08 

Fair 

— 

Cs, 

— 

Cs, 



28.25 

27.60 

27.15 

c, 

— 

— 

Cml, 



27.97 

27.76 

27.77 

Cml,  Cs, 

^ 

Cs, 

— 

Cs. 

— 

28..54 

28.60 

28.50 

Cs. 

Cs, 

c, 

28.62 

28.41 

28.26 

Fair 



— 

— 



28.59 

28.31 

28.24 

c, 



— 

— 





28.68 

28.50 

28.52 

Cs. 

— 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



28.76 

28.54 

28.50 

Cs. 



Fair 

— 

Fair 

__ 

28.89 

28.65 

28.53 

Cml, 

— 

— 

— 

— 

— 

April  16th 

,  Fallofra 

in  3-10  inc 

h. 

Vol.  II. 


Ixvi 


Meteorological  Register 


— 

' 

—   <o 

5    3 

AT  ENGINEER  CANTON- 

MORNING. 

MID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

c. 

in    ^ 

o  ^ 

MEN  r. 

•5    43 

9 

6 

o  i3 

3 

3 

o  S 
1)  s 

REMARKS. 

o    c          ^ 

C 

'6 

Q. 

ri 

2 

5  's 

>.H          1 

e 

e 

c 

rt 

ah        ^ 

C-i 

% 

■^ 

S 

6 

c 

157      N.  W.     i 

74 

N.  W. 

71 

N.W. 

67 

+  1 

2  54       S.  E. 

76 

S.E 

75 

S.  E. 

68 

0 

10  P.  M.  few  drops  of  rain 

3  59       S.  E. 

n 

S.  E. 

67 

S.  E. 

65 

-  2^ 

Fresh  wind 

4  64       S.  E. 

66 

N.  W. 

61 

N.  W. 

63 

+  4i 

Violent  storm  last  night  with 
thunder  and  lightning 

5  50      N.  W. 

69 

N.W. 

70 

S.  S.  E. 

64 

0 

6  54       S.  E. 

68 

S.  E. 

70 

S.  E. 

64 

+19 

740      N.  W. 

55 

N.  W. 

51 

N.W, 

48 

-1-26 

Rain  last  night,  with  thunder  and 
lightning.  Strong  wind 

8  45       S.  E. 

S.  E, 

59 

S.  E. 

—  6 

9  51        S.  E. 

77 

N.W. 

65 

N.  W. 

64 

—  9 

10  53       S.  E. 

59 

N.  AV. 

52 

N.  W. 

54 

4-19 

11  46      N.  W. 

61 

N.  W. 

63 

Calm 

56 

4-15 

12  56       N.  W. 

70 

N.  W, 

64 

N.W. 

63 

+  8 

13  54      N.  W. 

67 

N.  W. 

62 

N.  W. 

61 

—  5 

14  50      N.  W. 

69 

N.  W. 

64 

N.  W. 

61 

—  5 

15  58        S.E. 

67 

S.  E. 

66 

S.  E. 

63 

—  7 

16  59       S.E. 

65 

S.E. 

61 

S.  E. 

61 

—  7 

Storm  last  night  of  wind,  rsdn,  and 
hail 

17  61       S.E. 

70 

S.  E. 

68 

S.  E. 

66 

—  6 

Rain  last  night,  with  much  wind, 
thunder  and  lightning 

18  59       S.E. 

66 

S.E. 

66 

S.E. 

63 

—  5 

19  56       S.  E. 

72 

S.  E. 

68 

S.  E. 

65 

—  7 

20  54       S.  E. 

68 

S.  E. 

69 

S.E. 

63 

—  3 

Rainy 

2156       S.E. 

76 

S.E. 

71 

S.  E. 

67 

—  6 

22  60       S.E. 

77 

S.E. 

75 

S.  E. 

70 

0 

Light  breezes 

23  60       S.E. 

83 

S.E. 

77 

Calm 

7'o 

4-  5§ 

24  67       S.E 

69 

S.E. 

E. 

4-14 

Rain  with  high  wind  this  evening. 
Thunder  and  lightning 

25  S^          E. 

67 

N.  E. 

59 

N.  E. 

59 

—  6 

26  57      N.  W. 

68 

N.  W. 

62 

N.  W. 

62 

—12 

27  50      N.  W. 

76 

N.  W. 

72 

N.  W. 

66 

+  1 

28  58      N.  W. 

79 

N.  W. 

68 

N.  W. 

68 

4-40 

Light  winds 

29 

4-30 

Light  winds 

30  59       S.  E. 

73 

S.E. 

71 

S.  E. 

67 

4-15 

Light  winds 

3158       S.E. 

66 

S.  E. 

63 

S.E. 

62 

—24 

Light  winds 

May  4th,  fall  c 

fr 

ain,  ^  inch- 

-IC 

th,  1  inch— 

-20 

th,  1-8 

th  inch— 24th,  |  inch. 

for  the  Month  o/MAY,  1820. 


Ixvii 


MODIFICATIONS  AND 

COURSES  OF  CLOUDS.           1 

BAROMETER. 

MORNING. 

xMID-DAY. 

EVENING. 

^ 

ba 

en 

s 

oi 

u 

o5 

(U 

cn 

o5 

'c 
o 

c 
o 

o 

> 

c3 

U5 

o 

13 

o 

O 

3 
O 

O 

3 
O 

01 

3 
O 

O 

28.80 

28.46 

28.44 

Cs. 



Cms.  Cs. 

_ 

Cs. 

28.66 

28.20 

28.18 

Cs. 



Cm, 



Cs, 



28.41 

28.07 

28.07 

Cs. 



Cms. 



Cs. 



27.70 

27.74 

28.03 

Ns. 

— 

Ns, 

— 

Ns. 

— 

28.03 

28.38 

28.33 

Cs,  C, 

_ 

Cm. 

Cs, 

28.59 

28.31 

28.03 

Cs. 



Cs, 



Cs, 



28.23 

28.29 

28.81 

Cm, 

— 

Cm, 

— 

Fair 

— 

28.72 

28.53 

Cs, 

_ 

c. 

W.  N.  W. 

Cs, 

28.60 

28.08 

28.37 

Cs, 



Cm, 



Cml, 



28.57 

28.41 

28.50 

Ns. 



Ns. 

__ 

Ns. 



28.63 

28.40 

28.40 

Ns 

— 

Cml, 



Cs, 

N.W. 

28.25 

28.40 

28.58 

Cs, 

N.  W. 

Cs, 

N.W. 

Cml, 

N.W. 

28.26 

28.70 

28.75 

Fail- 



Fair 



Fair 

28.91 

28.65 

28.61 

Fair 

— 

Fair 



c. 

N.  W. 

28.80 

28.63 

38.70 

Cs. 



Cml. 



Cs, 

N.W. 

28.80 

28.73 

28.73 

Ns, 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 

E.  S.  E. 

28.60 

28.25 

28.30 

Ns. 

— 

Ns, 

S.  E. 

Cml. 

S.  E. 

28.37 

28.30 

28.24 

Ns. 

_ 

Cml. 

S.  E. 

Cml. 

S.  E. 

29.47 

28.18 

28.26 

c, 



Ns, 

S.  E. 

c. 

28.47 

28.33 

28.27 

Ns. 

S.  E. 

Ns. 



Ns. 



28.27 

28.14 

28.21 

c. 

— 

C,  Cm, 

S. 

C,  Cm, 

S. 

28.00 

28.08 

28.15 

Fair 

— 

Cm, 

S.  w. 

Cm, 

28.22 

27.70 

27.82 

Fair 



Cm. 



Cm,  Cs, 



28.02 

28.07 

c, 

— 

C.  Cs. 

— 

Ns, 

— 

28.57 

28.57 

28.65 

Ns. 

^_ 

Cml, 

Cs, 

28.55 

28.68 

28.60 

Cs, 



Cml, 

N.W. 

Fair 

z 

28.66 

28.13 

28.22 

Fair 



Cml, 

N.W. 

Cs,  Cm, 

28.48 

28.00 

28.29 

Cml, 

— 

Cm. 

N.  W. 

Cm, 



Fair 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cm, 

_^ 

28.49 

28.21 

28.31 

c. 



Cms, 



Cs. 



28.76 

28.47 

28.66 

c, 

— 

Cs. 

— 

Cs, 

~ 

Ixviii  Meteorological  Register. 

[liemarkahle  Phenomena  continued  from  page  lix.] 
January  29th.  Parhelion  around  the  sun  this  afternoon,  consisting  of  a  halo  circumscrib- 
Ing  the  sun,  in  the  circumference  of  which  appeared  the  mock  suns,  and  in  a  horizontal  line 
with  the  sun.  The  diameter  of  the  halo  was  observed  to  be  45°  20'.  To  the  N.  E.  of  the  sun 
there  also  appeared  a  luminous  arch  inverted,  or  having  its  convex  part  towards  the  sun, 
and  its  extremities  directed  from  it.  It  was  about  60°  of  a  circle  of  a  smaller  periphery  than 
the  halo,  and  well  defined.  The  part  nearest  the  sun  was  found  to  be  48°  17'  distant  from 
that  luminary,  so  that  it  did  not  come  in  contact  with  the  halo,  but  the  points  of  their  near- 
est  approach  were  25°  37'  apart.  The  halo  was  indistinct,  except  in  the  vicinity  of  the  mock 
suns,  where  it  was  well  defined.  Time  of  making  observations  half  past  three  o'clock,  P.  M. 
Thermometer  at  the  same  time  5°,  Barometer  28.88,  atmosphere  hazy,  thin  light  clouds  about 
sun,  fresh  N.  W.  wind. 

This  evening  soon  after  the  moon  rose,  there  being  a  thick  haze  or  mist  in  the  atmosphere 
about  her,  there  appeared  two  luminous  cones  of  a  reddish  cast,  whose  bases  coincided  with 
the  moon's  disc ;  the  one  extending  with  its  vertex  above  the  moon  directed  towards  the 
2enith,  and  the  other  with  its  vertex  below  her  approaching  the  horizon.  At  six  o'clock  the 
paraselene  appeared  complete,  consisting  of  the  halo  of  the  same  diameter  as  that  around  the 
sun  this  afternoon,  the  mock  moons  or  images,  and  the  inverted  arch  to  the  S.  W.  of  the 
moon,  and  of  the  same  size  and  distance  from  the  moon  as  that  which  appeared  with  the 
parhelion  above  mentioned.  From  each  mock  moon  there  projected  a  cone  of  light,  whose 
vertices  were  directed  from  the  moon.  Soon  after  these  appeared  two  more  cones  issuing 
from  the  moon,  one  on  each  side  of  her  in  a  horizontal  direction.  The  length  of  the  one  pro- 
jecting  downwards  was  8°  40';  that  of  the  other  three  2°  30',  they  being  equal  in  length. 
Thermometer  when  the  observations  on  the  moon  were  made  stood  at  5°,  Barometer  29.00, 
fresh  N.  W.  breeze,  atmosphere  hazy,  no  clouds  visible  about  moon. 

January  3 1st.  Parhelion  around  the  sun  this  morning,  consisting  of  the  mock  suns  only, 
which  appeared  soon  after  sunrise,  the  distance  between  them  measured  44°  30' 
,  On  the  12th  the  ice  in  the  river  was  found  to  be  28  inches  thick.  Very  little  current  where 
the  measurement  was  made. 


VOCABULARIES 


FOR  the  accuracy  of  the  words  in  the  following  Vocabularies  we 
have  to  rely  upon  the  knowledge  of  the  Indians  or  interpreters  from 
whom  we  received  them,  having  carefully  noted  them  down  on  the 
spot,  as  they  appeared  to  be  pronounced.  I  have  much  pleasure  in 
acknowledging  the  ready  and  important  aid  which  I  received  from 
Mr.  John  Dougherty,  at  present  Deputy  Indian  Agent  for  the  Mis- 
souri ;  indeed,  the  Omawhaw,  Shoshone  and  Upsaroka  vocabularies 
are  chiefly  set  down  agreeably  to  his  pronunciation. 

The  philologist  will  observe,  that  in  these  vocabularies,  the  guttu- 
ral sound  is  indicated  by  a  f,  a  nasal  sound  by  an  *,  and  a  ^  accom- 
panying the  letter  j,  shows  that  the  French  sound  of  that  letter  must 

be  given  to  it. 

T.  SAY. 


Vol.  II.  K 


EZJ 

O 
O 

I— I 
P 

o 

pq 
<i 
o 
o 
> 


(     Ixx     ) 


-o 


O 


0)   <y 

■  «    fcC 

O    3 


"3 

^  "O  ^O  ,.0 

cp„2 

ccti  "V  -rp.  .ij 

Gir.© 

-V 

-^  — 

I      ^    c*0    tt^    „--»        I 

ly     '.     '     I     If- 

cc  "5  "2  "'^  ^  "u' 


.i^d 


6-^ 


•S 

e 


_£<         ^  r<>-A--o^ 


..    I 


"to  Q) 


t^-U-C 


Ktf    A  -cd  -7=    S  -U  -T     .    -.4{  -X>  ^  -T  ««  -C  ».-«  J=  "C  ^  ^ 


-=2   -!.   =5         A 


-c<j  -=  c<ij  Kti  T  -u  iic-iu  -ttf  ^  "t; 


be 

-3 


b/O  bJO 

U>     CO 


-;3 


T  -u  "S  -'i  J3 

_i^  -1)    K>  '?i  ''IS 


•s  a> 

J2 

-D    Lm 

"O 

V-£  « 

S. 

?* 

^    <u    bC 
1     >■    «S 

-u 

o. 

-^v-U 

Min-ne 

or  Gros 

Langi 

o 
o 

1H 

"M 

-,1) 

1 

-1) 

O  biD  O  -u 

L 

In 

™c!s 

-rt 

:^  rt-^-M 

^ 
o 

a 

B  M 

«RJ 

•cJ 

^3 

s    , 

— '"^ 

o^      -^ 

'.-^ 

.2  J 

c-:^ 

-^  -iS  IS  i  'P  c 

'•rJ    ^    "Y  -T=    ^•C^   -O 

-kS 

-.» 

-JJ 

-M 

-14 

O-  SL-U  -V  ^Si    Cu  C 

■V 

0) 

-u 

-C 

en 

bfl 


-a 


JS  j2  _C3 


bfl 


o  o 


t-i 


'o 

?  c 


"t^   ei?J 


bc. 


g   bC 


Ol   bC 


-U  -U  -U  _S    fc,  -4)  -»J 


«3  '^2  ^ 


rt-a   a   u   ii   ^   u   Q.S.5   o   fl  rt   o 


S  S  c  ^ 

\^    t^    «3    C 


rt 
^ 


-^  3  a  f 

"3  S'  -r  _^ 


-3 


(    Ixxi    ) 


^   I  ^ 

-5 '"5  2:2 


-I) 


T   -U     T  -O  -3 

-O  -i<S  o  ^  ^ 


"3 


J3 


•9C\J 


CO 

K    I  J:  _A 


CO  ^     I     en     I* 

-1)  -.tj  -1)  -i)  i< 


"V 


2^ 

Sb 

JH 

-o 

Ktf 

-C 

'■a 


J2 


^  -i  .*;  .:S 


<?-<;   i  ^V   -   A   , 


d  -1) 


"O 


<« 


b/0  o) 


"O  .£  -I)  -1) 
,£   u   u   <j 


6X) 

S 


bC 


e8 


<S    2 


O  -S  cO  =<^  "5  -3  "O  ^-JJ 


'■a 


^  -IS 


-1)  "GJ  „A 


s 

■JCS 

o 

2 


3  -:ij 

S    H-(-    I 


-Si 

a, 


bC-.TS  "S 

.s^-^ 

-1) 

-flj 

-^St" 

s  C 

c 

S 

3 

s 

-C 

c       s  s 

>     bO 

.S    bX) 


o  6 


^  =«i  -rt 
,2    &    ? 


13 
• 

© 


-u 

^ 

ns  ^     J- 

-3j 

bJO 

bate     .<2 

-2  -:^  ^  -f 
-2  -3  -U  -U 

«c;S 

CO    a3    CO    (« 

i» 

C 


■To 
-1>   bio 

G 


bX) 


^   bX) 


ba 

a 


Cp  °*i 


bD 


<«  o 

■"  2  o  >  -ri 


jz  C  o  a  ^  ^  i.  '^ 


'    ^-*f  )2  J3  "T 

>^^  ..rt  ^^  .<«  -|  :^ 


btl°," 


bC 

C  J3 


"T  -"    0-3 

?    3    3    S 


bO 


bfl 

J?  s 


.  -  bfl-u    » 
cJD--  o  SJ 

a>  .3  o  o 


■3.2  ^ 
o  a;  .3 


1—1  ■<-» 

'^  o  S*  c 


a 
.2 


o  53  3^^^  oo^ 


«3  3 

1^    I-    S 


Clj 

B 

o 


a 

^'6 


si 


O 
< 

o 

Q 

o 
p 

o 


'•a 


(   IxxU    ) 


.V    « 

V 

-U    0) 

bf\ 

VI  -^ 

rt 

i     o 

3 

-"*  r; 

hri 

_!.  ^ 

e 

-ci  j2  -rt  -u 


•a 
I 

c 


-i  £ 

I    "U  -rn  Si 


fafl 


•^1^ 


1      » 


-a 


o  ;^  13  42  bio 

C   -E   t^    HJ      ~ 


1        -iT-o  +j 

<g  2  -u  "2  O 


G 

-°  ^ 

" 

o     . 

fee 

-g 

-0-6 

o 
-i 

-o 

=  S  S3 
^    «^ 

-O   -.TJ    -S 

-O  J2  J2 

wa-ca-tAn-ca, 
the  Great  Sp 
rit 

!==  5:1  =  - 


"V"        °/3 


feX) 

c 


=3        -U 


5r!  f- 
'"  s  ?  ®  c 


"I 


bio 

S 

-C! 

0) 

^ 

_c! 

^o 

««S    bio 

-1) 

■pq 

02 

bfl 
-o 

en 

1 

-1) 

'V 

if 

o 

a; 
■^ 
bJO 

JS 

c 
o 
en 

bfl 
-i) 

e-6ng-a,  the 
daughter 

6-c6m.pish-c6n- 

C 

fcC 

p 
S3 

c 
-i 

e-s6ng-&,  young- 
er brother 

e-t6ng-a,young- 
er  sister 

6-6nuh,  elder  do 

wah-con-d^h — 
they  call  the 
thunder      the 

^ 

<^ 


o 


Ctt 


i3 


s 


Xi 
•0 

-i 


(    Ixxiii    ) 


j^  iH  kIs  42  -««  <« 

-tJ  -13  t«<  =<8  -3  -*J 


J2  -i  ■? 
-u  c-J  =<tf  -i» 

"O   'O    eO    '•O 


Oi 


O  cO  "fS  -i» 


-O  -ai  t<«  -O  t<tf 


<pj 


'  "2  -i»  "a 

.     N  J-*      ^      "^       -flk 

•-7  ^  "i  -c^  ^ 


S3 
O 


o.S 

s 


-1>    oj 


-rj   to 

-y.i: 

■V    Oh 
-.-ti    CO 

-S   o 


o 

|> 
O.S 


•V 


-V 


9i 


<V 


^  ce  o  bx; 


cfi     <    "■?    T"  t«    o    >•    i 

•>rt   o  +-  S   S   c   "^  j3    - 


£f  r- 


-■Ctf    e«Ctf    „7J      JI4 


o 


-1)      "^      :jr.  to 
3  ^  .5  :S  ^  .rf 

-O   to   S   ^   o   ^ 


■3  c  c-=? 

"e  ■>  -1^  -=3 


4)    to 
>    S 

.,c^  p  c   " 


r<  -a;  (*-■     _ 
~    P-O   S 


c^   en 


to 

a  -2  12  -o 


-u 


-O     M     fl 


c  S 


Jsfl 
C 

J=  -g  -S  -«S 
^O  =^  .^  J^ 

c  s  u  a. 


I-  S  —  ■"  ^ 
bJC-^-'O    «   'S 


-a  .2 


fee  ,   TS 


S  o  ^«  S;«  I       ^  V  s  =<? 

S        -5  ,0  _e      .  -S  '^^  -aj    S  =-U 


-^ -w  a.      2K5  2   I   « 

"5   &.W   o.S   Cm    1-3 


&c.2-^ 


?  .r:  -c  -s 


o.g 

c 


S    CO    C    Q..S3 


-o  o 


^  tn^  ^  :?=  •- 

'g    CUfeiO"^    S   So 


s 

£3 
O 


■«^    CO    C    &  S    ^ 


-g  "^  -p  ^ 
-o  '-j^  -2  -^ 


^    O    :^    r-    ^    '^ 


5;^  ;-  ^^ 
I  a  ?  S 


< 

< 

Q 

o 

PS 

p 

<1 

o 


-3 


J3 
-=5 


(    Ixxiv    ) 


r «  bc 


^ie 


^  ^ 


^  bXi  i 
^  -5    ' 


2     j- 

•+J  -t->  '3 

-j.-tf  ^cti  jH 


^ 
•^ 
,:<$ 


feO 


-u 

fiC 

c 

eS 

^ 

3 

-rt 

Ph 

d 

h-1 

Kti   -1)      ' 


I 

■■CjS  cQ 


9-V 


as  ^ 

6^ 


-M    bC 


QJ 

W 

c 

« 

« 

b«) 

> 

03 

tn 

far 

O 

c 

7" 

a 

«!* 

J 

s-> 

o 

^  -1)       "oT  -M 

"  o       S-a  S  « 

l2^J:^g  SJ:  S-^  ?^ 

C        -OS        -O         -u  c«j    G 


-g  Z 


■^  ■<<$  "Bj 


k2 


.2X2 


en 


C 


c<4 


-s:  "O 


bJO  rt 

c  r 

a  a 


-o  ^ 


P-  U    U 


P< 
-*— 


-«J 

> 

o 

bfi 

1  i 
6^ 

o 

1      S 

a 

V  a 

bJO 

S2"0 
b£0 

-rt 

^ 

<2 

=i 

a 

i 

P 

^    bX) 

c  c 

s 

-o 

11 

-1) 
a 

a  a 

&.a 

-1— 

p- 

tS. 

-i— 

3-9 

^tJ    b*) 


*.  1^3 

fl 

-f>> 

-a 

t2  bc 

en 

bC 

-C^ 

o 

o 

K^    S 

biD 

c 
-i 

'" 

-1) 

'7^ 

? 

bO 

^  o 

^1 

fci3 

-a 

bJO 

-u 

bc-i^ 
■5  -i  '^5 

-u 

biO     ? 

"Hi 

"rf   c'Ctj    c<^ 

.5 
-6  "fl  ^  ^ 

o. 

c- 

CL  c 

^  -  ^NA^^ 

Q-C    C 

t^2    O-y 

d 

fll      E  .r-   ._ 

p 

•  »-< 

5 

c 

o 
o 

lllll 

Fire 

Wood 

Tree 

Bean 
Leaf 
Maize 
Pumpk 

(    Ixxv    ) 


-O 

^ 

e>c 

3 

-3 

J4 

^ 

Si 

-i 

-3 

•4 

-u 

^ 

«rt 

i 

'£ 

4^ 

"3  j3 

? 

J3 

^ 

^ 

J3 

Ji 

?tc 

■ 

-3 

-O 

-a 

-a 

43 

.JKJ 

en 

oO 

-M 

nJ 

-<-> 

^ 

-1) 

^1^ 

•xH 

>■ 

■S 

9\ 

9* 

JS 

-u 

^ 

3 

(Si 

.2 

2 

-S 

.«« 

•o 

3 

?' 

?.rt 

»rf 

> 

«<lj 

4^ 

-■o 

-oT 

'a 

"3 

■Trt 

"V 

1 

1 

"3 

-3 
SI 

-3  ' 
-Q 
-u 
SI  ■ 

^ 

■U 

^ 
S 

> 

en 

M 

>, 

i 

o 

=«! 

cjlO 

■st^ 

bH 

to    > 

i1 

c' 
S' 

en 

3 

-=! 

g 

bJCC  -u 

3    ? 
'§1 

-CTJ 

en 

U    3 

-C   V 
_e  «<^ 

n:5   en 

£    3-"2 
coj  -U  =«{ 

2  "  S 

■JCti 

o 

•3c5i 

-o    , 

-e 

1 

3 

0.^       V 

-1) 

.<ij 

.1 

^4 

o 

-1) 

u 

=CJ 

^ 

•4 

-6 

V 

-if! 

C 

'ofbfibD 

See 

f^ 

1 

C  -V 

«5J 

60 
S 

a. 

»<rt  t«S 

-rt 

Ji 

"O  ■ 

o 

«0  "O  ' 

O  „o  "^ 

o 

"3  -^ 

_c 

Si. 

j: 

-d 

-u 

»S!J 

.c 

u 

-C  ^ 

3  ,c 

s 

^  «  ^  -u 

«u 

o 

u 

-«- 

Cfl 

u 

X 

<»    en 

on 

In 

en 

O    N 

0.O 

-H — S 

-if! 

a 

«5J 

a 

-o 

CO 

faC 

C 

-1) 

e 

e 

"3    S 
SjCoJO 

e 

•-5? 

3 

3 

•3 

3 
'•3 

3 

•     en 
S    5= 

^ 
=<^ 
^ 

"^ 

en 

T 

-3 
3 

a. 

fcfl 

e 

'1 

a. 

-i  »c!j  c<d 

c  *    & 

-o 

-ci  "O  "O 
feiD^„e 

cc    en 

"2 

-1) 

"2 

SI 

-1) 

^    ^    3 

-a 

3    o 

•7^ 

-?   ^     .3 

"O    3  X!  .5  -rf 

60 

-O  -3  -i^ 

ba 

-T   3 

si 

s 

CO 

fcCbC 

{JJO 

M)«3    M 

1    ^3  -U  "ra 
en     1      1     t- 

'c  f  "^  -i 

3    ^    ^_3 

%C6 

3    3 

3 

C    2^    C 

J3 

<«    3      •      1^  "O 

3         C  ->J    -ji 

"2  "2 

"m  "55 

1 

CO    3    (fl 
3 

<n 

^  j3   S  — ; 
ej   O    ce  ;  — 

PQHffiK 


tf 


fcC 


blD 

3 


OS 


O     KS 


o        o 


o 


M-i<!! 

t^    J^    u    cd    o 
0.3    3  f^    3 


o 

Q 


to 
O 

;?; 

< 

l-H 

Q 

^^ 

o 
;^ 

o 


T3 

C 

-O 
P. 


El^ 


(     Ixxvi     ) 


u 

o 

, 

0) 

o; 

3 

-.-jS 

aj 

■■<u 

U 

U 

-£3 


•^t 

^ 


0) 

-OJ 

•r* 

C 

0) 

r.T| 

Ol 

hO 

t» 

o 

3 

C 

i 

o 

"1>  -U 


^    bC 


.2  J 


::g  So 

S     C^ 


SI 

bii 

S 
C3 

hJ 

*s 

V 

.<«( 

b£ 

-rrt 

2 

-kJ 

fall 

-iii 

c 

'ii 

^ 

^ 

o 

1'^ 

t> 

O 

M       .  .  .  .,« 

(1.        -nJ  -irf  ^j^s  -k!   M) 

O  ^  <J  -V  -U  -V  '•O  "^ 

Ktf   bSJ-i)  -1)  -Q  -u   C  -o 

(/}         en  en  (A       .^ 


-a  -u    . 
•9-1)  7* 

K^   „l'l   <J 


«frt 

jS 

a 

cu 

Ol 

Krt 

-V 

■*-> 

s 

-a 

^  bC 

V  ° 

»o 

-c 

S  g: 

•  I 


QlO 

s 

'0 


a 


^i  ^  .A  »ai     I 


bC  T*^ 


■a 


a  -c?  -?J 


CI   a 


-.tJ 


A  -■3  "^  :5  5S 


s 

C! 


^  K^    C    ?    O  -4-»  ^vA-^  '^         C    t,  .C  -(->    S3 


3|- 


bC 
bJO 


s  o 


bfi 

o 


C!   U 


£  03  Qh  r/Q  PQ  O  PQ 


£« 

S  ,       o- 

O    0)    Oi-SpM 

o  S  s- 

o  >  CO  a;  fl 

JS'O  S 

o  (sj  3  ti  ;s 
rt  a>  o  C  j^ 

pq     M 

pSP3(J<la2 

,4.. 


(    Ixxvii    ) 


-1) 

"Y  rt 

1 

-6 1.  5  -^ 

-u 

-3 

fcjQ 

C 

~D  -3 

-3 

^.cf  '^  -nj  -i 

-«^ 

-U!  ^^    C 

-3-0 

«aj 

-3 

«0 

j3 
-3 
fcfl 


•<S  -a! 


-14 


-3 

-9  ? 


»«* 

^ 

-<^ 

!52 

■^ 

«(jj 

^-<i 
^ 

H 

-? 

(-• 

^  "i 

-o 

IM 

.    '^ 

•o 

-U           <5J 

V 

CO 

•5 
J: 

-V   '*f 

SI 

•-^    cJi 

-<u 

CO 

3 

=.c!s 

3 

-i 

"35 

-{^ 

tnJ 

:_ 

' 

c- 

CL 

O 

o 
-i 

-BJ 

-6 

-o 

4 

CO 

p 

-3 

•5 

-i 

'='■5 

9-^ 

S 

1^ 

-3 

s 

--i  ^ 

£ 

t3  ^ 

<i  s 

s^ 

-i> 

-u 

«  ^  ^  -o 

M    CO    CO  -fj 

-1) 

"3 

-bJ 

CO 

s 

-BJ 

4 

-<U 
-bJ 

-««*^ 

-bJ 

-SJ 

tea  "3 

c 

■Si 

a  s 

z  i" 

-c3 
-u 

CO 

3 

C     CO   -t-l-    CO   -t-> 

SI 

1 

-a 

<i 

-S3 

o 

I—-" 

"1> 

•o-- 

rt 

-U 

i 

??  ^ 

'V 

„ 

CO 

-£2 

CO 

i? 

-D 

^ 

CO 

"3 

crJ 

s 

"V 

f  js 

^ 

o 

1 

"o 

CO 

CO  =•!) 

Ji 

.3      ja 

o.S 

^ 

f  i 

3 

:§    ;^ 

*" 

^  s 

c- 

•+J    fi 

-u 

3  -3 

J3 

CB             CO 

^d 

-cS 

IT 

S 

—** 

Hi 

>, 

'^ 

1 

-^ 

^ 

falO 

c 

^ 

^ 

-rf  *0  -c^J 

.£) 

.a 

■~."  -^j  -rt 

.a 
u 

CO 

'<i  "rt  fc^J 

-bJ 

■1) 

S 

T         SI    H 

-o 

-V 

S  -1) 

as 

C  '^tf -3    T 

^  +J 

-o 

's 

S  2 

£ 

-5  S 

-u  -i  £  K  33 

-ffi 

CO 

"S 

CO    CO    CO  -«-' 

-1> 

s 

Vol.  II. 


^  P^3  «  2 

»*    s-i    3    (Tl  *^ 


CO  a, 


3  -3    5    c« 
^    O    ?    <U 


o 

12; 


4j 

S  Ic  "3    " 


3-r: 


Iz;  !^  tf  fr?  PQ  >- 


(    Ixxviii    ) 


< 

< 
I— ( 

Q 

;?; 

(—1 

o 

< 
o 


u 

o 

,. «  « 

-oT  a)  W) 

-a-k 
erok 
igiia 

^-5 

"«    CO 

-M 

CO 

CU 

i 

^ 

ccrf  ba 

-1) 

CO 

"^ 

^    bC 

-u 

<«  ^  crt  -= 

ti 

^ 

-iS 

02     CS 

tJ-i 

-1> 

O 

o 

5  s 

2  ^  f  -i  "?  Ji  -¥ 
.  "V;  «:3  -ui  -D  -a;  -w 

CO 

-cf 

^ 

■SI  «> 

^  rt 

rfTi 

^  ■"  "O  -c  ^  j=  2^  ^ 

O  ''O 

f-O 

us 

a;  t. 

U3     M 

-+-> 

oTj    C^-kJ    c/3    en    CO    C 

SJ  — 

c4 

Min-ne-ta-re, 

or  Gros  ventre 

Language. 

Js 

CO  -D 
-cti  '-ff 

S-'o 

CO  .^rt                "O  -^  -O 

a. 

P-  CO 

'^^^ 

-o-o 

CO 

bR 

-O 
CO 

'o 

"9 

•1 
-i 

»c5s 

^3 


s 

Cu, 


A  "3J 


-o  -o 


--0  a 


r"  •r'  •'35     1 

^g  "O  «'ji  -o  "^  -C3  -c 
I?   C    >i-+j   IS    to   CO 


■^     O     --^      -^ 

A  ^-^  -u 
CO    C  >> 


Y    S  X!  J2  ^   B-  V 

'^  -2  -^  "O  =S  ^  -g^ 

S     n      ^    -l->     CO     CO     Oi 


-I) 

c 

-^  A 


C 
"? 

-o 

-Pi 
-1^ 

cctf 

^.-^ 

Si. 

-1) 

s 

S 

;3 

-u 

-u 

6X) 

bC 

JZ  -J—  c»u 


-ta!    P-  3;  '^  coj    A    2 

-u  "^  -O  '•ji  „o  "C^  -i:  '=^ 
^    M    C    >~i-*->    CO    CO    £L 


-3 

&■  CO 


■5  ''l^  -i         S 
^        ■■<i        ^rtf 


=.«!    bC 

-nJ 

"V    =^ 

C 

1 

"tti    ?„ 

_ci 

^ 

"O 

■*f   bJD 

"t3 

>-, 

G 

go 

ta-kong 
6-han-za 
me -eh 

1  re 

7     1   crt  =-:^ 

-3j 

-9  -«j 

-Ctf    erf 

1 

-1) 

£3 

-U 

"O  -o  „i 

-O  =•:«  jS  -^ 
-tj    CO    CO    to 

^■^ 

^ 

«i 

=<« 

Of  C5 

^^         ^    ..,  O   9^   "    <n         «        ^2 


H 


VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Ixxix 


Fate,  fir,  fall,  fat; — me,  met; — pine,  pin; — no,  move,  noi-,  not, 

Having  but  a  small  number  of  ivords  of  the  two  following  Lan- 
guages, it  is  thought  proper  to  insert  them  separately  from  the 
above  comparative  tables,  in  order  that  the  columns  may  not  be  too 
much  extended. 

)Sh6s-h6-n^  Language. 


&c. 


Good,  sint 

Bad,  kate-sint 

Salmon,  ^u-gi 

Come,  ke-ma 

Large,  pe-dp 

Big  river,  pau-pe-up 

To  eat,  bo-re-cin 

White  people,  tab-ba-bo — people 

of  the  Sim 
Go,  nu-me-S.-r6 
To  copulate,  yo-co 
To  see,  m^-bo-ne 
Did  not  see  it,  ka-en-mS.-b6-ne 
To  love,  kom-mdh 
A  great  many,  shant 
Bison,  kot-zo 


Antelope,  wi-re 

Elk,  pa-re 

Awl,  w^-u 

Beaver,  ha-nish 

Friend,  hints 

Woman,  wipe 

Water,  pa 

Horse,  bunk-6 

No,  ka-he 

Tash-e-pi,  pierced  nose — a  nation 
of  the  Columbia 

Paw-kees,  black  feet  Indians 

Pun-ash,  root  eaters — a  band  of 
Shoshones  who  call  a  horse  to- 
ish,  and  a  squaw  mo-co-ne 


Up-sa-ro-ka,  or  Crow  Language. 


White  people,  mash-te-se-re — yel- 

loiv  eyes. 
Pawkees  or  Black-feet,  e-chip-e-ta 
Poor,  bats-ish-cat 
Powerful  or  strong,  bits-atsli 
Good,  e-tschick 
Bad,  kab-beak 
Bison,  be-sha 
Bison  bull,  che-ra-pa 
Beaver,  be-rap-pa 
Tobacco,  6-pa 

Where,  sho  * 

Far,  ham-i-ta 
Mountain,  am-a-tha-bi 
Elk,  e-che-re-ca-te — little  horse 
Finished  or  completed,  kar-a-ko- 

tdk 


Knife,  mit-se 

What,  sa-pi 

Near,  ash-ka 

Friend,  she-k4 

To  eat,  b&-boush-mek 

Gunpowder,  be-rups-spi 

Little,  ^-ro-ka-ta 

Name    which    they  give  to   the 

Sioux  nation,  mar-an-sho-bish- 

ko — or  the  cut  throats 
Young  woman,  me-ka-ta 
Water,  me-ne 
Fire,  be-da 
Wood,  mon-a 
River,  an-sha 
Horse,  e-che-ra 
No,  b^r-a-ta 


Ixxx 


VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Fate,  (kr,  fall,  fat; — me,  met; — pine,  pin  ; — 


The  following  promiscuous  words  are  added  for  the  further  informa- 
tion of  the  philidugist. 

Wah-t6k-t4-ta,  or  Oto  Language. 
miz-6nk-kd — iron 


White  people 

makers 
Americans,     m^-h^-hian-jeh — big 

knife 
British,  r&-gar-rash-ing,  probably 

not  an  Oto  word 
lo way  nation,  pa.-h6-ja—^ra]/ snoit; 
Missom-i    nation,    ne-6-ta-tcha — 

those  who  build  a  town  at  the 

month  of  a  river 
Mississippi  river,  ne-o-hvin-je — the 

river  that  enlarges  as  it  runs,  or 

ne-ber-a-tje,  ivater  of  knowledge 
Missouri   river,   ne-su-ja — smoky 

looter 
Osage  river,  ne-sk& — white  water 
Grand  river,  nesh-na-h^n-ja — big 

ivater 
Konzes   river,    t6-p6-6-ka — good 

jjotatue  river 
Nodowa  river,  n^-k-ton-wk— jump 

over  river,  or  ne-wa-ton 
Walk,  ma-ne 
Distant,  har-re 
Deer,  tah-che 
Green,  toh-tsche 
Platte  river,  ne-br^s-ka — or  fiat 

water 
Little  Platte  river,  ne-breska-ing- 

ya — little  flat  water 
Tarkio  river,  tar-ke-u 
Nemehaw  river,  ne-mo-ha-hi'in-ge 
Little  Nemehaw  river,  ne-iiio-ha- 

ing-yi 
Nishnabatona  river,   nish-na-bot- 

ona — canoe  making  river 
Weeping  water  river,  n6-hS.-ga — 

weeping  water 
Saline  creek,  n^s-co — salt  water 
Loup  fork  of   the   Platte   river, 

Pawneeomawhaw-ne-etovv-wa 


Elkhorn  creek,  wk-ti-tting-yk 
Konza  ri\jer,  Konza-n^-etow-wa — 

or  the  river  belonging  to  the 

Konzas 
Run,  n6ng-4 
Leap,  ta-wa 
Fight,  ^-ke-ra-ga 
Eat,  w^-ro-ja 
Drink,  rat-tong 
Steal,  mo-no 
Talk,  e-cha 
Strength,  bre-hr4 
Weakness,  wa-ha-ha 
Poor,  wa-was-tong 
Near,  as-ke 
Diflferent,  ^-tan-tong 
Good,  pe-Ay 
Bad,  pish-c6-na 
Mockeson,  a-ko-je 
Gunpowder,  ik-ho-je 
Ball,  ma-za-muh 
Looking-glass,  mi-zo-ki-toii-a 
Long,  thra-ja 
Shoi  t,  su-is-cha 
Broad,  ^r-ru-chi-hiln-jd 
Thick,  sho-ga 
Thin,  bra-ka 
Father,  in-ko — used  by  a  person 

when    addressing    his    father. 

This  word  is  said  by  Lewis  and 

Clarke,  p.  36,  to  mean  chief, 

but  this  seems  to  be  a  mistake. 
Twenty,  kra-ba-ncih-no-wa 
Twenty-one,  krabanuhnowa-a-gen- 

ne-yon-ka? 
Thirty,  krubanuh-t^-n^ 
One  hundred,  krabanuh-ho-yong 
One  hundred  and  one,  krabanuh- 

hoyongagenneyonka 
One   thousand,   krabanuhhoyong- 

hon-ja — or  big  hundred 


VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Ixxxi 


— no,  move,  nor,  not;— tube,  tiib,  biill ;— oil; — pound. 


0-maw-haw 

White  people,  wkh-h4 — makers 
Americans,  mah-he-tAn  -gih — big 

knife 
British,  siik-an-ish — not  a  proper 

Omavvhaw  word 
Hat,  w4-ha-pS.-jira-r6ng 
Hatchet,  maz-z^-pa-Jjin-ga 

Axe,  maz-za-pa-tun-guh 

Prairie  dog's  burrow,  man-ne-tho- 
da-te 

Grizzly  bear,  mon-tschu 

White  hare,  mas-tschi-ska 

Porcupine,  pS.-he 

Bald  eagle,  he-ra-pa-song 

Grey  eagle,  he-ra-gra-|je 

Black  bear,  wa-sa-ba 

Dragon  fly,  te-ne-nik-a 

Sword,  mah-he  tun-gdh 

Small  knife,  mah-he 4 jin-giuh 

Canoe,  mun-da 

Thunder,  fger-rong 

Breech -cloth,  Jja-a-de-gar-rong 

Niece,  we-te-|j6h  by  the  men,  we- 
t6-|j6n-ga  by  the  squaws 

Brother-in-law,  ta-*h6ng 

Deer  skin,  ta-h^ 

Sweet  maize,  wat-tan-ze-ske-ra 

Common  maize,  wat-tin-ze-s^r- 
ra-ga 

An  ear  of  maize,  wa-ha-ba 

Abdomen,  ta-ze 

Paunch  or  stomach,  ne-ha 

Mammse,  mon-za,  same  as  iron 

People,  ne-ka-shing-ga,  or  ne-ki\h- 
shing-guh 

Young  warrior,  wa-se-se-ga 

Warm,  mash-ta 

Nostrils,  p&h-shu-sha 

Human  sK.in,  he-ha 

Deep  blue,  toh-chc 

Dance,  wat-che.  Sometimes  the 
word  ga-ha,  to  make,  is  sub- 
joined to  this  word  in  order  to 
distinguish  from  their  terra  for 
copulation 

His  child,  e-ne-se 


Language. 

Me  (I)  make,  pa-fha,  very  like  the 

word  for  liili 
My  true  child,  we-se-ljiin-tscht;- 

ni\ 

It  is  said  there  is  none,  ning-ga-6m 

Bad  or  ugly,  pa-|juh — a  word  Osed 

in    anger,    principally   by    the 

squaws 

Poor  as  a  turkey,  wah-pa-ne-ze- 

ze-ka-a-go 
I  am  as  poor  as  a  turkey,  S,-mah- 

panezezekaago 
You  are  as  poor  as  a  turkey,  w§.r- 

ichpanezezekaago 
It  was  red  with  blood,  wa-mc-tj^- 

d4-ka 
I  will  not  go,  a-bra-muj|:-:j:je 
Come  here,  ge-ga-ha 
Little   Platte    river,    ne-bras-ka- 

:j:jinguh — Little  flat  water 
Konza  river,  Konza-ne-eta 
Bowyer  creek,  ne-ha-ba — shallow 

water 
Little  Sioux  creek,  wa-ta 
Run,  to-na 
Leap,  we-sa 
Fight,  ke-ke-na 
Eat,  wa-brat-t4 
Drink,  brat-tong 
Steal,  mo -no 

Talk,  fc-a,  very  like  stone 
Strength,  wash-ca-ti\n-ga. 
Weakness,  wa-ha-ha 
Poor,  wah-pa-ne 
Near,  ash-k^ 
Good,  6-d6ng 
Bad,  o-don<^-buj|-Jje,  or  6-dan-|je, 

or  pe-a-Jja 
Mockeson,  *han-pa 
Gunpowder,  mah-fho-dd 
Ball,  mah-za-muh 
Lookingglass,  ne-6-ke-garras-se 
Long,  sna-da 
Short,  cha-shk^h 
Broad,  bras-ka 
Thick,  sho-gfth 


Ixxxii       VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Fate,  (kv.  tall,  fat; — me,  m^t; — pine,  pin  ; — ' 


Thin,  bra-ka 

Thirteen,  a-gar-e-ra-be-ne 
Twenty,  kri-bcVta-nom-ba 
Twenty-one,  krabaranomba-ke-d^- 

me-ach-che 
Thirty,  krabara-be-ne 
Thirty-one,  krabarabene-kede-me- 

&ch-clit; 


One  hundred,  krabara-he-me 
One  hundred  and  one,  krabarahe- 

me-ke-d6-m6-ich-clie 
One  thousand,  krabaraheme-ton-ga 
One  thousand  and  one,  krabarahe- 

metonga-kedemeachclie 
Nine  thousand,  krabarahemeton- 

ga-shon-ka 


O-m&w-haw  Names  of  Persons. 


MEN. 

Yellow  Belly,  ta-ze-ze 

Little  God,  wah-c6ndMj'i"-§^ 

God,  wah-condS, 

He  that  carries  his  feet,  se-ge-e 

He  that  has  four  feet,  se-to-ba 

Four  hands,  nom-bi-to-ba 

Two  legs,  Jja-ga-nom-b^ 

Four  nails,  sha-ga-to-ba 

Big  hand,  nomba-tun-ga 

Big  eyes,  ish-ta-tun-ga 

He   who  deliberates,    wd-ru-g^r- 

rong 
BufFaloe  rib,  ta-re-ta 
Buffaloe  tail,  ta-sin-da 
Buftaloe  head,  ta-pa 
Buftaloe  bull,  ta-nu-ga 
Buffaloe  calf,  ta-|jin-ga 
Little  white  bear,  mut-chu-|  jinga 
Black  white  bear,  mut-ciu'i-sa-ba 
Black  bird,  wa-^:jinga-sa-ba 
He  that  walks  on  the  edge,  6-h6n- 

ga-mon-ti 
He  that  makes  signs  as  he  walks, 

wa-b6ni-en-6 
He  that  walks  behind,   k-^k-hk- 

mo-nc 
He  that  hunts  as  he  walks,  6-nk- 

mAn-nc 
The  walking  cloud,  mah-p6-mfin- 

ne 
The  strong  walker,  wash-ka-mtin- 

ne 
He  who  walks  when  fruit  is  ripe, 

se-da-mijn-nt; 
He  who  cries  as  he  M'alks,  ha-ga- 

mftn-ne 


He  who  walks  beyond  others,  ko- 

she-hS.-man-ne 
He  who  arrived  in  haste,  wash- 
con-he 
He  who  is  not  afraid  of  tracks,  se- 

gra-na-pa-ba 
The  white  horse,  shon-ga-ska 
Seven,  pa-ni'im-b^ 
Ace  of  spades,  6-1i.a-de-gi-r6ng 
Little  cook,  6-h6n-|jin-ga 
Head  wind  or  North  wind,  k6- 

mk-hk 
Big  skunk,  mon-ga-tun-ga 
Prairie  wolf,  mon-e-kfis-se 
Sw^an,  me-hiis-ca-tdn-ga 
He  who  walks  double,   nom-bi- 

mon-ne 
Black  breast,  mon-g^-sab-ba 
No  hand,  nom-ba-ning-gd 
Brave,  wa-shu-sha 
No  knife,  nia-he-ning-gd 
Two  tails,  sin-di-num-ba 
The  top  of  the  tent-poles  which 

are  tied  together,  te-she-mo-ha 
Big  bullet,  ma-ze-mat-tunga 
Medicine  mouth,  e-wa-ho-ba 
He  who  carries  real   medicines, 

mac-ca-n-c 
Wet  mockeson,  hom-pa-no-cu 
Big  leggings,  6-tant-ti\n-ga 
Smoke  maker,  shu-da-goch-ha 
Two  faces,  in-da-nom-ba 
The  twins,  nom-ba-dint 
Yellow  knife,  ma-he-ze 

SqUAWS'  NAMES. 

The  first  moon,  me-ta-c 

Nk-sa-zd 


VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES.        Ixxxiii 


— no,  m6ve,  nor,  not ; — tube,  tub,  bull ; — roil ; — pound. 


Village,  towoin 

Me-hian-gi'ih 

First  thunder,  tl-en-e 

Female  sun,  me-tch-hi 

Female  moon,  me-i\m-b6n-ne 


Female  axe,  mas-i'ip-pi-me 
Female  deer  that  looks,  wa-tAm- 

bun-ne 
The  first  thunder  that  falls,  tk-ing- 

ga-ra 


0-mt\w-haw  Interjections  and  Exclamations. 


Zt! — This  is  used  by  the  men 
when  contemplating  a  fine  trin- 
ket, looking-glass,  &c. ;  they 
sometimes  say  zt-o-dah ! 

Sh^h-zt-zt-zt!  orwah-zt-zt-zt!  or 
6ah-zt-zt-zt !  is  used  by  the  men 
for  driving  dogs  out  of  mis- 
chief. 

2 

Eh-zt-zt-zt-zt!  by  the  women  on 
the  same  occasion. 

Heh !  an  inspiration— used  by  the 
women  when  a  sudden  but  tri- 
fling accident  occurs — as  it  is 
also  used  by  the  white  fe- 
males. 

K^-i! — the  first  syllable  nasal — 
by  the  women  for  calling  their 
dogs. 

W6-6h!  by  the  men  for  calling 
their  dogs  or  horses.  It  is  a 
sound  very  similar  to  that  used 
by  the  whites  to  halt  horses. 


Wah-man-g&r-ing-gi !  Be  off,  or 
go  away — spoken  in  anger — this 
would  be  the  last  word,  an  at- 
tack would  succeed  if  disre- 
garded. 

O-hoh!  (drawn  out  very  long) 
used  to  one  who  has  been  trou- 
bling them  a  long  time — it 
would  precede  the  pi-eceding 
exclamation  in  the  gradation  of 
displeasure. 

Ge-gi-hS.!  wah-ge-ga-ra!  6-h6h-ge- 
gar-a! — the  successive  expres- 
sions of  impatience  in  calling  a 
person  to  come. 

Hi-6  !  The  answer  of  a  squaw  to 
one  who  calls. 

Ha !  The  answer  of  a  man  to  one 
who  calls. 

DA-dinsh-ta-a !  An  exclamation 
similar  in  signification  to  0,alas, 
me .' 


Ixxxiv        VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Fate,  f4r,  fall,  fat; — me,  met; — pine,  pin; — 
Sioux,  (Yancton  band,)  Language. 


American,  m6-na-his-hih — Long 
knife 

British,  si-kin-da-sha.  This  ap- 
pears to  be  an  adopted  word. 

Physician,  wa-pe-a-w6-^-cha-sha 

Village,  6-t6ng-y-^ 

Eagle,  ho  yah 

Green,  to-vvMoy-yd,  or  "  the  blue 
to  dye  with" — they  have  no 
other  word  for  this  colour 

Warm,  mach-ta 

Pawnees,  pa-dan-6-ta 

Sioux,  d3.-c6-t&. 

Run,  d-ong-ki 

Leap,  e-6p-s^-shS, 

Fight,  ke-che-zl. 

Eat,  w6-tah 

Drink,  ya-ta-kong  ' 

Talk,  &-k\\ 

Good,  wash-ta 

Gunpowder,  cha-hi'in-da 


Thirteen,  i-ka-y&-me-n6 
Nineteen,  &-ka-ni'ih-pet-che-wi'ing 
Twenty,  wek-chem-in-eh-nom-pah 
Twenty-one,     wekcheminehnom- 

pah-a-ki-6ng-g6 
Thirty,  wekcheminuh-yi-mS-n^ 
Thirty-one,  wekcheniinuhyamene- 

a-ka-6ng-^:jin 
One  hundred,  6-pang-h4 
One  hundred  and  one,  opangha-3.- 

ka-6ng-:tjm 
One  thousand,  kok-o-tong  6-pang- 

hk 
One  thousand  and  one,  kokotong- 

opangha-a-ka-6ng-|jin 
Ten  thousand,  kokotongopangha- 

wekcheminuh 

The  upper  bands  of  the  Sioux 
in  their  pronunciation  substitute 
the  letter  I  for  the  d. 


Min-ne-t^-r^,  or  Gros  ventre  Language, 
man-ce-^ch-t^-et — Bis 


American 

knife 
British,  bo-sh^-it-to-tchr^-shu-pe- 

sha — the  men  who  bring  black 

cloth 
French,  bo-she 

Spaniard,  was-sh^-o-man-ti-qua 
Crow  Indians,  p4r-is-ca-6h-pan-ga 

— the  crow  people 
Crow  Indians,  another  band,  eh- 

ha-tza — the  people  of  leaves 
Snake  Indians,  m^-buc-sho-roch- 

pan-ga 
Flat-headed  Indians,  i-too-ha-pe 
Pierced-nose  Indians,  a-pa-6-pa 
Black  foot  Indians,  it-z6-su-pe- 

shi 
Gros  ventre  of  the  Fort  prairie,  a 

band  of  Black  feet,  a-r6-tear-o- 

Tpkn-gk 


Assinniboin  Indians,  e-t4ns-ke-pa- 

se-ta-qua 
Shienne   Indians,    a-wis-she-tan- 

qua,  or  it-anst;-p6-^:je 
Sauteur  Indians,  ha-hat-tong 
Mandan  Indians,  a-rach-bo-cu 
Rickaree  Indians,  a-rick-a-ra-6ne 
Sioux  Indians,  it-ans-ke 
Pawnee  Loups  Indians,  sa-^:jer-6- 

pan-gi 
Les  Noire  Indians,  at-t^-shu-pe- 

shd-loh-p^m-ga 
The  Red  Shield  Chief,  one  of  the 

principal  chiefs,  e-tam-ina-geh- 

iss-sha 
The  Borgne  or  One  Eye,  grand 

chief,  a  remarkable  man,  he  was 

killed  by  the  Red  Shield,  a  few 

years  since,  ka-ko-a-kis 


VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES.        Ixxxv 


— no,  move,  nor,  not ; — tube,  ti\b,  bill ; — oil ; — pound. 


Missouri  river,  4-m^nti-S.-|jd — the 

river  that  carries  canoes 
Little  Missouri  river,  ^-mS,nti-c&- 

IJ5. — the  river  that  carries  little 

canoes 
Yellow  Stone  River,  mit-z6-r^-4- 

\]^ — the  river  of  yellow  rocks 
Physician,  mkt-zk-mk-ho-pk 
Village,  a-ma-teh 
Praine,  ^-mon-su-kdt 
Eagle,  ich-pro-hich 
Arrow  point,  e-t&h-6 
Tomahawk,  weep-s^-lin-ga 
Green,  thiu-te-ge 
Emasculation,  an-j\i-ca-d4-jjus 
Little  wolf,  bot-sas 
Blanket,  wash-a-echre-6-tticke 
Mountain,  avo-ca-ve 
Kill,  tk-hk 
Die,  tas 
Scalp,  ^.-r^m-pa-tsak-ke 


He  or  she,  n^ 

Bison  cow,  me-te-ya 

A  thick  forest  of  small  trees,  be- 

ra-she-e-p6 
Run,  te-re-4 
Leap,  te-chr6 
Fight,  r^-U 
Eat,  mi-r6u-t4 
Drink,  be-di-h(^ 
Steal,  ma-^-shan-re 
Talk,  di-dk 
Mockasin,  6-pS.h 
Gunpowder,  m^r-d-z^-ba 
Nineteen,  a-p^-no-was-sap-pii 
Twenty,  no-o-pah-pe-ra-gis 
Thirty,  nS.-me-&.-pe-ri-g4s 
Forty,  to-pah-^-pe-ra-gas 
One  hundred,  pe-ra-gas-ich-t6-6t 
One  thousand,  pe-re-gS.s-ich-t6-et- 

S.-c^h-c6-r^ 


Paw-n6  Language. 


Grand  Pawnees,  tch^-w^ 
LoupsorPawneeomawhaws,sk6-re 
Pawnee  Republicans,  /.^-kk-kk  or 

ket-ka-kesh 
Tappage  band,  p^-tou-we-ri 
Not,  buj^tje 
Tool  Robe,  (the  republican  grand 

chief,)  sha-re-a-d^iksh-taw-we 
Thirteen,  t6i'i-w^t-16k-she-r6 
Fourteen,  liih-ko-ke-t^ 
Fifteen,  she-oksh-ta-ro-k^-tl. 
Sixteen,  shr6u-we-6 
Seventeen,  t6u-wet-ki.-ke,  (twenty 

less  three) 
Eighteen,  pet-k6-k&-k^,  (twenty 

less  two) 
Nineteen,    &s-k6-kl-k6,  (twenty 

less  one) 
Twenty,  pe-t6u-6 
Twenty-one,  petouo-^s-ko 


Thirty,  Mk-she-r^-we-toti-o 
Thirty-one,  luksherewetouo-asko 
Forty,  pet-kd-sh6-6-ra-r6 
Forty-one,  petkoshooraro-as-ko 
Fifty,  petkoshoorarolokshere 
Sixty,  toLi-wet-ra-ro 
Seventy,  touwetrarolokshere 
Seventy -one,  touwetrarolokshere 

askolokshere 
Eighty,  shke-tiksh-ta-ro 
Eighty -one,  shketikshtaroasko 
Ninety,  shketikshtarolokshere 
Ninety-one,  shketikshtaroaskolok- 

shere 
One  hundred,  sh^-koksh-ti-ro 
One  thousand,   petkoshoorarolok- 

shere-tsa-e-ksh 
The   name  of  one  individual  of 

the   Pawnee   Loups  is    "  The 

maker  of  God." 


Vol.  IL 


M 


Ixxxvi        VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Fate,  {kv,  fall,  fat  ;■— m^,  m^t; — pine,  pin  ; — 


The  two  following  Vocabularies  were  taken  down  by  Major  Long 
during  his  tour  on  the  upper  Mississippi  in  the  year  1817. 


Winnebago,  Puant,  or  Nip- 

Naudowessies  of  Carver  and 

pegon. 

Hennepin. 

Ann 

ar-dkh 

Ish-to 

Axe 

mahs 

ontz-pi 

Arrow 

mah 

wih-hen-te-pi 

American  or  > 
Long  knife  5 

mah-ek-ha-t^ 

iS'Son-tah-kaii 

Brotlier 

sunk-h&-d^h 

me-s6n-kah 

Beads 

wy-i-p^r-ris-slpe 

we-6-ke-a-tah 

Bread 

wic^-kap 

ah-h6-6-a-p6 

Beaver 

nah4-plh 

scliah-pah 

Bear 

ontsh 

wah-hink-ce-chah 

Brass  orcopper 

mahn-s6 

mahnz-a-ze 

Chief 

6ngk-p^ 

wich-ash-tah-yah-t6p-pe— 
good  chief 

Canoe  or  boat 

w^ch 

wah-ta 

Cards,  playing 

pek 

pek 

Child 

nd-go-n^k 

oke-che-o-pih 

Dead 

dh-nd 

kthah 

Deer 

tchah 

tah-k^n-shah 

Dog 

shonk 

shonk-ah 

Elk 

6-pangh 

Elbow 

6y  e-shovi  -ick 

ish-pah 

Eyes 

shtas-s6 

ish-tah 

Ears 

nahnt-shovi-ah 

nokh-ra 

Feet 

se 

se-hah 

Fingers 

na-^p 
cha-ontz-sin-c^r-fit 

no-pa-to-ka-hah 

Fox 

sh6nk-gr6-dah 

Fire 

pych4 

pa-tah 

Father 

cha-ch6 

ah-ta 

Face 

^-ta 

Good 

a-pe-n6 

wash-ta 

Garter 

6-a-kish.k6 

wash-kln-chah-ha 

Gun 

ish-ok 

mahs-ak-khan 

Ground 

m^k-kih 

niah-koh-cha 

Green 

mah-ncch-6 

tah-k6-td 

Grass 

khih-weh 

pa-zhe 

Hands 

n  ah -pur 

no-pa 

Head 

nahs-s6 

Fak-6 

Heart 

nach-k^h 

chan-ta 

House  or  lodge 

tch6 

te-pe 

Hoi-se 

shonk -hat-ta 

shonk-a-wak-kungh 

Island 

wich 

we-tah 

Iron 

mahs-'ish4h 

mahnz-ah 

VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES.        Ixxxvii 

— no,  move,  nor,  not; — tube,  tilb,  bull ;— oil ; — pound. 


Winnebago,  Puant,  or  Nip- 

Naudowessies  of  Carver  and 

pegon. 

Hennepin. 

Indian 

wink-shich 

ik-e-chd-wich-ash-ta. 

Knife 

m^h-he 

^s-sS.nh 

Lead 

ish-6-c6-mih 

m&hnz-is-so 

Legs 

d-vkh 

ho 

Louse 

U-dkh 

hah-yilr 

Maize 

w4-ch6-as 

wkh-mc-nkh-zkh 

Man 

w^nk-shi-grih 

wich-ash-t^h 

Mother 

nih-ne 

c-nkh 

Musket 

shou-uck 

sin -te -pah 

Meat 

tch3.ck 

ti\n-d6 

Meal 

wois-top 

ah-ho-^-ap-pe 

Mockasin 

wa-c6-cheh 

ham-pih 

Moon 

hah-heh-w6 

wd? 

Mouth 

e 

d.? 

Mosquetto 

nS.h-w6nk 

ch^h-pon-gih 

No,  or  nothing 

chonch-que-n^-no 

he-yih 

Nose 

pih 

pagh-ra 

Oar,  or  paddle 

ndsh-iick 

wa-me-nih-h^-ch&h 

Old 

ah -chin-shun 

wich-i-hin-chah,  old  man 

Otter 

t6-sh^n-i\k 

ptiingh 

Owl 

w^hk-cheh-he 

e-4ngh-k&h-hah 

Powder 

6k-hun-ne 

ch^h-hiln-de 

Pond  or  lake 

tah-h&t-ta 

min-dd,  or  t6ns:-£:S,h 

Porcupine 

wih-h4ne 

O  o 

Pipe 

tah-ne-ho 

chin-do -o-pih 

Road 

nah-k6h 

ch&ng-ko 

River 

ne-shan-niik 

wah-te-pih 

Red 

w&s-seh 

sh&h 

Sister 

nok-ach-ip-pd-tih 

tilnk-sh^ 

Silver 

sh6-d^-ah 

manz-is-kih 

Squaw 

he-n6-k6-t4h 

win-6-khe-j4h 

Sun 

w6-dah 

We? 

Star 

kS^h-d§,ch-6 

wich-inck-pe 

Thunder 

wah-kon-j^h 

wak-ke-ah 

Tree 

n4h-n^h 

chah 

Town  or  vil- } 
lage          5 
Tobacco 

mih-ket-te-che-niik 

ah-tong-wa 

t^h-ne-n^h 

chan-de 

Teeth 

he 

e? 

Universe 

hin-nijh-pe 

ih-was-s6 

Wax 

i-sic-we-ke-ne-chih 

tok -mih-liih-ses-s^n-de 

White 

skah 

skah 

Water 

ne-nah,  or  neh 

m^n-neh 

You 

ne-^h 

nt-yk 

Ixxxviii      VOCABULARY  OF  INDIAN  LANGUAGES. 


Fate,  f&r,  fall,  fat; — me,  met;— pine,  pin  ; — no,  m6ve,  &c. 


Winnebago,  Puant,  or  Nip- 

Naudowessies  of  Carver  and 

pegon. 

Hennepin. 

Yes 

on-ch&h 

hah 

One 

jhing-k.e-d6 

wan-chS,h 

Two 

nope 

n6m-p4.h 

Three 

tah-n6 

yih-m^n-ne 

Four 

chope 

t6h-6-pS,h 

Five 

sich 

s4h-pe-t&h 

Six 

kfih-we 

shahk-p6 

Seven 

sha-ko 

sh^hk-6-win 

Eight 

no-wiink 

shah-hfin-da-hah 

Nine 

jhink-ich-6s-c6-ne 

nop-ch^h-wunk-kah 

Ten 

kher-i-pun 

we-ke-cha-me-n^h 

Eleven 

jhink-he-r&-sh6-ne 

ak-ka-wi'in-ghe 

Twelve 

nope-ash-o-ne 

ak-ka-nume 

GENERAL  INDEX. 


B 


Agamacollaris,  ii,  -        -  252 

Aiiiiculture  of  the  Pawnees,  i,  -  447 
Allegliany  mountains,  i,  -       4  &  6 

Allegbany  muutitains,  some  of  their 

rivers  considered,  i,  -  -  9,  10 
Alleghany  ridge,  i,  -  -  -  11 
Ameiva  tesselata  described,  ii,  -  50 
America,  town  of,  i,  -  -  -  36 
Amerii  an  bottom,  i,  -        -        49 

American  character,  estimation  of  by 

the  Oraa^vhaws,  i,  -        -     323 

Ancient  works,  i,  -        -         -       13,  :23 
Animals,  catalogue  of,  i,      -        -     369 
noticed,  i,  -        -         474 

Antelopes,  i,  -  -  -  348,  485 
Ant  hills,  i,  -        -        -     346,493 

Apple  creek,  ii,  -  -  -  285 
Apus  obtusus  described,  i,  -  -  461 
Aquilegia  coerulea  described,  ii.  -  15 
Aralia  spinosa,  ii,  -  -  -  294 
Argemone  alba,  described,  i,  -  461 
Argilliteof  the  Washita,  ii,  -    288 

Arkansa,  arrival  at  one  of  its  tribu- 
taries, ii,      -        -         -         15 
arrival  and  encampment  at, 

ii,  ....       39 

remarks   on   its  valley  near 
the  mountains,  ii,    -         -         44 
the  party  commence  their  de- 
scent of,  ii,     -        -        -       60 
remarks  on  its  sceneiy,  ii,         51 
of  its  character,  ii,         -  66 

great  bend  of,  ii,        -  206 

below  the  great  bend,  ii,  -      258 
country    on,     below     Belle 

point,  ii,       '        -     264  et  seq. 

little,  ii,  -         -         .     214 

Arrapahoes,  ii,        -        -        -        176 

war  parly  of,  ii,   -  -     192 

their  attempt  to  take  one  of 

our  horses,  ii,  -        -         193 

medicine  bag,  ii,   -        -     194 

Arrow  rock,  i,         -        -        -        100 

Astronomical  records,  Appendix 

ix  et  seq. 
Atmospheric  phenomenon,  i,         -     490 
Attack  by  the  Indians  ou  a  block 
house,  i,      -        -         -        -  80 

Vol.  II.  N 


jer,  ii,         -         -        .        -      93 
Baldwin  Dr.,  his  duties,  assigned,  i,      2 
bis  sickness,  i,      -  21 

his  death  and  character, 
i,  -  -  93 

Bald-pated  prairie,  i,  -        -    142 

Bartonia  nuda  and  ornala,  i,  -  497 
Battery  rock,  i,  -         -         -      42 

Bats,  ii,  ....  65 

Batsoah  creek,  i,  -  -  -  485 
Bayou  Cura,  ii,  -  -  -  280 
Bear,  grizzly,  ii,  ...       35 

described,  ii,         -  62 

black,  ii,     -        -        .        -     136 
ferocity  of  when  wounded, 
ii,  ...         146 

Beaver,  i,  ....    464 

Bees,  i,  ....         141 

a  swarm  taken,  ii,         -         -     161 
Bell,  captain  joins  the  exp-,  i,  -        404 
his  duties,  i,       -        -     423 
detached  with  a  party  to 
ascend  the  Arkansa,  ii,    42 
his  springs,  ii,         -  43 

his   detachment  to  de- 
scend the  Arkansa,  ii,    173 
account  of  their  move- 
ments, ii,       -     172  et  seq. 
Belle  Fontaine,  arrival  at,  &c.,  i,  -     67 
Belle  Point,  description  of,  &c.,  ii,    260 
arrival  at,  ii,         -  172 

Capt.  Bell's  party  arrive 

at,  ii,  -         -        258 

product,  diseases,  &c.  ii,  262 

departure  from,  ii,  264 

Big^  Black  river,  ii,      -         -        -     383 

Big  horn,  ii,    -         -        -        -  13 

Bijeau,  his  account  of  the  Rocky 

Mountains,  ii,  ...      63 

Bijeau  and  Ledoux,  join  the  expedi- 
tion, i,         -        450 
their  character, 
usefulness,    and 
separation  from 
the  exp.,  ii,     -     202 
Birds,  i,       -        -        -        -        32,49 
ii,      35,80,97,115,137,142,159 


INDEX. 


£iscuit,  or  bread,  allowance  of  to  the 

indiviiiuals  ol  the  party,  ii,       49 

Bison,  descriptiou  of,  i,       -    470etseq. 

account  of,  i,       -  -        480 

crossing  tlic  Platte,  i,  -  481 

more  afraid  of  whiles  than  of 

the  Indians,  i,    -  -         482 

some  account  of,  ii,    78,  125,  135, 

204,  207 

Bistineau  lake,  ii,     -  -  308 

Black  hills,  i,      -  -  -       471 

Blowing  flies,  i,         -  116 

ii,  -  -       135 

Blue  earth  river,  i,    -  -  134 

Biue  water  river,  ii,       -  -       316 

Body  of  a  white  otficer  interred  by 

the  Indians,  i,         -  -  91 

Boggy  river,  li,  -  -       316 

Boiling  spring  creek,  ii,         -  35 

Bones  of  a  serpent  found  in  an  In- 
dian grave,  i,  -  -         64 
Bon  Homme  creek  and  village,  i,      408 
Boon,  Daniel,  aiu;cdoteof,  i,  -  103 
Boonvilic  and  lick,  i,      -             -         89 
Botanical  notes,  i,      -          -         18,54 
by  Dr.  Baldwin,  i,         44 
Boy,  Pawnee,  attending  horses,  i,      34y 
Boyer  river  examined  by  the  party,  i,  344 
Bradbury,  John,  Botanist,  i,        -         58 
Bread  exhausted,  i,               -            4S7 
Breccia,  ii,          -             -             -         25 
Briar  creek,  or  Skin  Bayou,  ii,           257 
Bridges,    probability  of  their  con- 
struciion,  across    the    Ohio 
and  Mississippi,  i,      -  47 
Buck  eye,  or  horse  chesnut,  i,       -      22 
Bufo  cogoatas  described,  ii,   -             190 
Bull  pen,  source  of  north  fork  of  the 

Platte,  i,  -  -       464 


C. 


Cacti  noticed,  ii,       -  -  19 

Cado  chief,  his  interview  with  Free- 

man's  party,  ii,  -       311 

Calloway  capt.,  his  skirmish  with  the 

Indians  and  deatii,  i,      76 
Camancias,    remains   of  their   en- 
campment, and  a  recent 
grave,  ii,  -  116 

Camp  Missouri ,  sickness  of  the  troops 

at,  i,  -  -       195 

Canadian  river,  north  fork  of,  ii.         81 
its  valley  bounded  by 

high  precipices,  ii,  82 
its  nioulli,  li,  -  161 
arrival  at  its  source,  ii,  84 
its  blufts,  ii,  -         87 

its  water,  ii,    -  96 

its  tributaries,  ii,    -      99 


Canadian  river,  width  of  its  bed,  ii,   120 
opinions    concerning 
its  source,  ii,     -         316 
supposed    Rib    Rajo 
of  Humboldt,  ii,         317 
remarks  on  the  coun- 
try, ii,  132,  143,  148,  152 
little  north  fork  of,  ii,  162 
arrival  at  its  conflu- 
ence with  the  Arkan- 
sa,  ii,  -  167 

Cane  brake,  i,    -  -  -       41 

difficulty     in     passing 
through,  ii,       -  168 

Canis  nubilis  described,  i,  -       1G9 

Cannon  ball  creek,  i,  -  500 

Canoe,  skin,  mode  of  constructing,  i,  429 
Cape  Girardeau,  arrival  at,  i,      -      45 
reassembling  of  the 
party  at,  ii,     -         321 
account  of,  ii,        -    323 
departure  from,  ii,     324 
Cash  river,  its  mouth  a  harbour  for 

boats,  i,  -  -         38 

Cassis  cornutus  found  in  an  Indian 

mound,  i,  -  -        64 

Castle  rock  and  creek,  ii,      -         16,  52 
Catalpa  tree,  i,  -  -         35 

Cattish,  i,     -  -  -  142 

Cavaniul  mountain,  ii,     -  -       169 

Cave  Inn  rock  described,  i,   -         32,41 
Cervus  macrotis  described,  ii,       -      88 
major,  ii,  -  -  89 

verginianus,  manner  of  de- 
coying, i,  -  -     103 
Chains  or  rocky  bars  in  the  Ohio,  i,     37 
in  the  Mississip- 
pi, i,        -      45, 47 
Chalk  banks,  i,                -            -        38 
Charaton  village  and  river,  i,  97 
Charbonire,  i,              -             -  70 
Charcoal    included   in   the  argilla- 
ceous sandstone,  ii,       -             -       80 
Chattaliooche  mountain,  ii,      -          274 
Chcnal  au  Barre,  i,          -            -     102 
Cherokee  Indians,  ii,             -            262 
remarks  concern- 
ing, ii,          -      268 
origin    of     their 
quarrel  with  the 
Osages,  ii,  -        269 
their     improve- 
ments, ii,         -     271 
some  account  of 
their  govern- 
ment, ii,      -         272 
Chesnut  ridge,  i,             -            -         12 
ChirotPs  lumbricoides,  i,          -          488 
Ciiicinnatti,i,           -             -         21,23 
Climate,  remarks  on,  i,              476,393 
ii.      115,124,317 


INDEX. 


Climate,  general  remarks  concern- 
ing, ii,  -  320etseq. 
Coal,  localities  of,  i,       -         12,  29,  40 
Coashatay  village,  ii,             -  308 
Coluber  obsoletus  described,  i,    -       140 
testaceus  described,  ii,      -        48 
Conglomerates  in  tlie  Ozark  moun- 
tains, ii,             -            -         10,299 
Coruljcld,  Indian,  ii,      -            -       220 
Cornice  rock,  i,         -            -         47,60 
Corn  island,  i,               -            -  28 
Corn  mills,  i,         -            -            -15 
Cote  Sans  Dessein,  i,    -             -          80 
Council  Bluff,  scenery,  &.C.,  i,       -      152 
Country  north  of  the  Missouri,  jour- 
ney through,  i,      -     406  to  423 
at  the  base  of   the   Rocky 
Mountains,  ii,            -              71 
between  the  Cherokees  and 
Little  Red  river,  ii,         -     273 
Cove  of  Washita,  ii,            -              298 
Cow  island,  arrival  at,  i,              -       110 
Crotalus  tergeminus  described,  i,       499 
confluentus  described,  ii,    48,199 
Cucumis  perennis  described,  ii,           20 
Cumberland  ri^er.i,       -            -        35 
Cupressusdisticha,  ii,            -            217 
of  remarkable  size,  ii,  318 


D. 


Dance,  calumet,  i,         -  -      332 

of  discovery,  i,  -  334 

bear,  i,  -  -       335 

beggar,  i,      -  -  id. 

bison,  corn,  i,       -  -       336 

of  the  Minnetarees,  i,  337 

Dangers  and   diflSculties  suggested 

by  the  Indians  and  others,  i,  426 

by  the  Pawnees,  i,     -    477,442 

Dardenai,  ii,  -  -  288 

Datche  bayou,  ii,  -  -       307 

Davidsonville,  ii,       -  -  281 

Deer,  black-tailed,  ii,      -  -      75 

described,  ii,  88 

Deer,  Virginian,  their  combats,  ii,     300 

Defile  creek,  ii,        -  -  11 

Delaware  Indians,  ii,      -  -       285 

Delineation,  Indian,  ii,  -  265 

Demun's  creek,  ii,         -  -      203 

Deserters,  Nuwland,    Myers,    and 

Bernard;  their  theft,  and 

the    priv&tioDS    to   which 

Captain  Bell's  party  were 

subjecled  thereby,  ii,  234 

Devil's  oven,  i,         -  -  47 

Diamond  island,  i,  -  -       110 

Division  of  fEe  Exp.  party,  ii,  63 

Dogs,  sufferings  and  death,  ii,    213,  221 


Dougherty,  John,  and  others,  over- 
take the  steam  boat 
at  Wolf  river,  i,  115 

remarkable  instance 
of  his  knowledge  of 
the  country,  i,  127 

his  adventures  with 
grizzly  bears,  ii,    -      66 

Dry  fork  of  the  Canadian,  li,     -         116 


E. 


Earthquakes    felt  at  Cape    Girar- 
deau, ii,     -        -  325 
anecdote   of.  Sec.,  ii,  -     326 
Eleven  point  river,  ii,           -            281 
Elk  noticed,  ii,                -            -         89 
instance  of  its  behaviour  when 
wounded,  ii,       -            -  166 
Elk  Horn  river,  passage  of,  in  a  skin 

canoe,  i,     -  -      428 

Emberiza  amoena  described,  ii,  47 

pecora,  ii,  -  199 

Encampment,  aioiie  of,  i,  -      430 

Engineer  Cantonment,  site  of,  i,         146 

records  made 

there,  i,   146,403 
outfit   and    de- 
parture of  the 
exp.  from,  i,  425 
Esoxosseus?,  ii,         •  -  154 

Excursion  from  Point  Pleasant,  on 
the  Arkansa,  to  the  Hot  Springs 
of  the  Washita,  ii,         -      287  etseq. 
Exhalations,  luminous,  account  of,  i,  412 


F. 


Fairy  hills  of  the  Minnetarees,  i,  274 

Falco  lineatus,  i,         -            -  33 

mississippieusis,  ii,    -            -  121 

Falls  of  the  Ohio,  i,     -            -  26 

passage  of,  i,       -  30 

of  the  Canadian,  ii,         -  160 

False  Washita,  ii,           -            -  316 

Fields,  Lieutenant,  with  fifteen  men 

joins  the  Expedition,  i,       -  113 

Flint  island,  i,           -            -  30 

Floerkea  proserpinaeoides,  i,       -  413 

Fluat  of  lime,  i,        -            -  42 

Forks  of  the^^latte,  arrival  at,  i,  463 

passage  of,  i,  466 
Formica,  a  species  of,   used  as  food 

by  the  Indians,  i,        -  214 

Fort  Charlies,  i,             -            ■  60 

Osage,  arrival  at,  i,        -  99 

account  of,  i,               -  104 

remarks  on  the  inhali- 

tants,  i,               -  105 


xdi 


IINDEX. 


Fort  Lisa,  arrival  at,  i,  .      145 

Smith,  arrival  at,  ii,      -  172 

described,  ii,  260etseq. 

Fortification,  Indian,  ii,  -      478 

Fossils,  extraneous,  i,        -  33, 42 

Fox,  small  species  of,  i,  -      486 

Franklin,  arrival  at,  i,  -  88 

Freeman,  account  of  his  expedition 

up  Red  river,  ii,    306  et  seq. 

met  by  the  Spaniards,  ii,    313 

resolution  of  his  sentinels,  ii,  3 1 4 

compelled  to  return,  ii,       314 

Frenchoian,  singular   hardihood  of 

cne  wounded,  i,  -       428 

Fringilia  grammacea  described,  i,      139 
psaltria  and   frontalis    de- 
scribed, ii,    .  .  40 
Fuel,  bison  dung  used  as,  i,         -      467 
ii,         ■        68 
Fulgur  perversus  found  in  an  Indian 

mound,  i,        -  -  64 


G. 


Galeodes  pallipes  et  subulata,  ii,  3 

Games  of  hazard,  i,         -  -      444 

Gaura  limlolia  described,  ii,  100 

mollis  described,  ii,       -  77 

Gasconade  river,  i,         -  -         79 

Geographical  land-marks,  want  of,  ii,  128 
Geologtcal  boundary,  i,  -  146 

Geology,  see  tab.  con.  vol.  ii.  ch.  XIX. 
Gerbillus  like  canodeiisis,  ii,  -  17 
Girl,  letan  presents  a  horse  to  Major 

O'Fallon,  i,       -  -  360 

Glen,  Mr.,  his  trading  house  on  the 

Verdigris,  ii,  -       251 

Glycirrhiza  lepidota,  i,  -  460 

Granite  crumbled,  ii,     -  -         25 

of  the  Ozark  mountains,  ii,      298 
Grand  tower,  i,         -  -  45 

anecdote  of,  i,  -        46 

prairie,  i,         -  -  76 

river,  i,     -  -  -         98 

remarks  on  the  country 
of,  i,      -  -  416 

island  in  the  Platte,  i,  4  3 

forestof  the  Platte,  i,         -       495 
camp  creek,  grand   encamp- 
ment, i,         -  -  502 
Grapes,  abundant  and  delicious,  na- 
ture  indicates    the    proper 
mode  of  culture,  ii,         -       126 
Grasshoppers,  great  flights  of,  ii,  31 
Graves  of  the  reputed  Lilliputians,  i, 

60  etseq. 
Great  swamp  noticed,  ii,       -  2S4 

Greenstone,  amygdaloidal  and  por- 

pbyritic,  ii,    -  -         81 

Grizzly  bear,  account  of,  ii,     -  52 


Grouse,  apparently  a  new  species  de- 
scribed, ii,  -  -        14 


H. 


Hailstorm,  i, 


409 
124 

Herculaneum,  arrival  at,  i,    -  52 

Heuchcra  araericana,  i,  -       409 

Hmracium  runcinatum  described,  i.  453 
Hirundo  lunifrons  described,  ii.       -    47 
Hop,  common,  on  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, ii.  -  -  8 
Hornbleud   in  connection  with  the 
granite  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, ii.           -            -  5 
Horses,  and  mules  belonging  to  the 

expedition,  i.     -  -        425 

of  the  Pawnees,  i.       -  445 

whole  number  belonging   to 
the  expedition  stated,  i.  450 

frightened  by  bisons,  i.   479,  484 
wild,  noticed,  i.  -  485 

remarks  concerning,  ii.  95, 
97,  123,  137 
a  large  gang  of,  ii.     -     140 
one  shot,  li.         -  95 

Hospitality,  Indian,  i      -  -      321 

of  Mr.  Billingsly,  ii,        265 
Hot  Springs  of  the  Washita  noticed, 
and  remarks  on  the  cir- 
cumjacent country,  ii.   288 
et  seq. 
visited  by  various  per- 
sons, ii.  -  290 
their  individual  temper- 
ature, locality,  and  com- 
parative discharge,  ii.    291 
Human  feet,  impressions  in  lime- 
stone, i,            _         -      57 


L 


letan  war  party,  ii.   -  -  208 

their  attempt  to  rob,  ii.  211 

Ilexopaca  and  I.  cassine,  ii.         -      294 

Illinois  riverof  Arkansa,  arrival  at,  ii.  254 

creek  or  bayou,  ii.       -  271 

Indians,  detailed  account  of,  i   167  to  403 

wandering,    trade   with    the 

Shiennes,  i.  -  602 

met  by  Captain  Bell's  detach- 
ment, ii.  -  -       174 
Indian  villages,  ruins  of,  i.    -  145 
speeches,  i,         -            -       396 
peculiar  odour,  i.        -            482 
estimation    of  inferior   ani- 
mals, i.              -             -       320 
interpreters  and  guides,  diffi- 
culty in  obtaining,  i.    -        443 


INDEX. 


Iron,  banks  on  the  Mississippi,  i.         38 
ores  of,  i.     •  -  -       42 

Isle  Au  Vacbe,  see  Cow  Island. 


Jackson,  arrival  at,  ii.  -  284 

James,   Dr.   £.,  joins  the  Expedi- 
tion, i.  -  -      404 
his  duties,  i.                -  424 
his  excursion  from  the  camp 
on  tlie  Platte  to  the  Rocky 
Mountains,  ii.          -       4  et  seq. 
James's  Peak,  distant  view  of,  ii.  -       ^2 
explored,  ii.        -  23 
described,  ii.        •       25,32 
view  Ironi  its  summit,  ii,     30 
acci'ient  of  the  party,  ii.    32 
Journey  from  St.  Louis  lo  Engineer 
Cantonment — account  of  the 
soil,  products,  &c.,  ii.  404  to  423 


K. 


Kakoakis,  a  Minnetaree  chief,  rav- 
ishes and  kills  a  squaw,  i.  309 
Kaskaia  Indian,  and  bis  squaw,  ii.  60 
his  account  of  a  bat- 
tle, ii.            -  66 
their    true  charac- 
ter, ii.               -  175 
Kaskaias,  party  of  met  by  Major 

Long,  ii.  -  -  102 
their  want  of  hospitality,  ii.  106 
their  disposition  to  pilfer,  ii.  109 
remarks  concerning,  ii.  110 
the  country  they  frequent,  ii.  112 
their  diseases,  habits,  and  de- 
portment, ii.  -  113 
another  party  met,  ii.  -  176 
Kaskaskias  river,  a    town   at   its 

mouth,  i.             -  48 
Kenhawa  river,  i.          -            -  19 
Kiauiesha  rirer,  ii.    -            -  315 
Kiawa  Indians,  ii .          -           -  174 
council,  their  fond- 
ness for  tobacco,  ii.  176 
their  horsemanship, 
vermin,  ii.  -  178 
appearance,  dress, 

&c.,  ii.              -  J80 
visit  to  their  lodg- 
es, ii.           -  182 
their    grand    chief 
Beartooth,ii.     -  184 
subordinate  chief  of, 
ii.    -             -  185 
their  language,  ii.  186 
Kinnecauick,  or  mixed  tobacco,  i.  S31 
Kite,  Mississippi,  i.        -            -  101 


Knife  chief,  interview  with,  i.    -        441 

Konzas  river,  arrival  at.  &c.,i.     -     lOB 

remarks  on  the  country 

of,  i.     -  -  131 

Konza  Indians,  council  of,  i.        -       111 

reception  of  the  party,  i,  118 

deputation  proceeds  to  Isle  au 
Vathe,  i.         -  -  119 

description  of  the  village,  dwell- 
ings, and  furniture,  i.  -       120 

food,  morle  of  cooking,  and  cu- 
linary apparatus,  i.       -  122 

go\ernment,  marriage  ceremo- 
ny, i.         -  -  -       123 

mourning  for  the  dead,  polyga- 
my, ties  of  relationship  and 
friendship,  and  denominations 
of  consanguinity,  i.       -  124 

diseases,  origin,  superstitions,  i.  125 

physical  description,  clothing, 
ornaments,  i.         -  -       126 

occupations  of  the  women,  ablu- 
tions, chastity,  courtezans,     i.  128 

sodomy,  mode  of  plucking  out 
their  hair,  i.     -  -  129 

matricide,!.  -  -       130 

Pawnee  prisoner,  i.        -  131 

the  party  exchange  a  horse  with 
an  Indian,  i.  .  -       131 

dog  dance,  i.      -  -  135 


L. 


Lake  Erie  tortoise,  i.     -            -  32 
Lampyris,  different  modes  of  corrus- 

cating,  1.    -             -  7$ 
Lands,  public,  provision  for  schools, 

&c.,i.     -            -            -  52 

Land-title,  anecdote  of,  i.      -  51 

Language,  i.       -            -            -  342 

Indian,of  signs,  i.  378 

Lathyrus  polymorphus,  i.              -  435 

Laurel  ridge,  i.         -             -  12 

Lead  mine  district,  ii.     -            -  286 

ores  of,  i .            -             -  42 

Legends,  fabulous,  i.       -            -  32» 

Le  Mine  river,  discovery  of  the  body 

of  an  officerburied  near, 

i.             -             -  91 

extensive  diggings  near 

it,  i.           -            -  100 

Lepidium  virginicum,  i.         -  488 

Lilliputians,  i.    -             -             -  275 

Limestone,  metalliferous,  i.    -  13 

compact,!.  21,34,40,42,47 

ii.             -            -  324 

sparry,  ii.       -            -  323 

Limosa  scolopacea  described,  i.  170 

Little  Red  river,  ii.                -  273 

Little  rock,  or  Arkopolis,  ii.        -  300 


XCIT 


INDEX. 


Little  rock,  notice  of,  ii.        -  312 

missionaries  at,  ii.       •      319 
Lodge,  earthern,  described,  i.  430 

skin,  of  the  Kaskaias,  ii.  -       105 
Long,  Maj.,   his  detachment  com- 
mence their  march  towards 
Red  river,  ii.  <■  67 

their  privations,  ii.         33,  93,  101 
Long  Hair,  remarkable  instance  of 

his  maguaniniity,  i.       -       161 

his  austerity  and  reserve,  i.  350 

interview  with,  i.      -  431 

Loss  of  one  of  the  party,  ii.         -       149 

Loup  fork  of  the  Platte,  i.     -  432 

passage  of,  i.  448 

Louisville,  arrival  at,  1.  -        26 

Loutre  island,  i.         -  -  73 

prairie,  i.  -  -         76 

Loutre,  an  Indian,  his  death,  i.  159 

Loutre  lick,  &c.,  i.   -  -  411 


M. 


Madura  anrantiaca,  ii.  -  -  158 
Magnanimity,  instance  of,  i.  -  319 
Magpies,  i.  -  -  -  489 
Malva  coccinnea,  i.  -  -  63 
Manito  rocks,  i.  -  -  87 
Marmot,  ii.  -  -  -  28 
Martynia  proposcidea  found,  na- 
tive, ii.  -  -  51 
Maysville,  religious  meeting  near,  i.  20 
Meal,   parched    maize,    allowance 

of,  i.          -  487 
exhausted,  ii.  140 
Medicine  stone  of  the  Mandans,  i.  276 
Menard  creek,  or  bayou,  ii.  -  253 
Merameg  river,  visited,  i.            -  54 
Meteorological  register,  ap- 
pendix XLIII. 
Miegia  macrosperma,  ii.        -  252 
Migration  of  birds,  i.       -            -  197 
Milk  sickness,  i.        -            -  82 
Miller,  Mr.  Joseph,  noticed,  i.  465 
Mimicry,  i.         -            -            -  324 
Minute  Tern,  i.        -            -  32 
Minnetarees,  belief  in  the  resurrec- 
tion of  the  bison,  i.     -  278 
tradition  of  their  origin,  i.  279 
their  idea  of  heaven,  i.  280 
Mirage,  or  optical  illusion,  i.       -  419 
with  inverted  images,  i.  490 
Mississippi,  river,  arrival  at,  i.    -  43 
scenery,  i.         -            45,50 
Missouri,  arrival  at,  and  its  charac- 
ter, I.    -            -            -  66 
scenery,  i.     -             "0,  79,  87 
width  and  depth  of  its  val- 
ley, i.               -            -  US 
upper  and  lower,  i.         -  459 
hibernial,  state  of,  i.      -  196 


Missouri  Indians,  i.  >  -  S40 

destroy  a    party 
of  Spaniards,  i.        340 
dispersed  by  the 
Sauksand  Foxes,  i.  341 
Monongahela  river,  printed  Alle- 
ghany,!. -  13 
Mont  Cerne,  ii.               -            -      264 
Mounds,  natural,  ii.                -              on 
Muriate  of  Soda,  i.         -            -        34 
Mus  floridanus  described,      -               54 
Mygale  avicularia,  ii.          157, 254,  259 


N. 


Navigation  of  the   Alleghany    and 

Ohio,  i.  16 

boats  suited  to,  i.   37 

of  the  Missouri  obstructed 

by  rafts,  i.  -  86 

Negracka,  or  red  fork,  ii  -       217 

Negroes,  their  funeral  ceremonies,  ii.  328 

Nemawhaw  river,  grand,  i.    -  141 

little,  i.  -       142 

Neosho,  little,  ii        -  -  220 

Neosho,  or  Grand  river,  ii.  -      253 

Neshetongo  river,  ii.  -  224 

New  B(!urbon,  i.  -  -       48 

Nishnebottona,   river  and   grand 

pass,  i.  -  142 

Nitrate  of  lime,  i.  -  -      34 

potash,  i.        -  -  36 

Nodowa  river,  i.  -  -    114 


0. 


O'Fallon,  Indian  agent  joins  the  ex- 
pedition, i.  -  70 
his  speech  to  the  Sauks,  i.  222 
other  speeches,  i.          -      395 

Ohio  river,  remarks  on  the  scenery 

of  its  upper  portion,  i,  19 

below  Cincinnatti,  i.       -       23 
near  its  mouth,  i.     -  36 

mouth  of,  its  importance  in 
geography,  i.         -  39 

general  marks  concerning,  i.  39 
remarks  on    the   scenery 
near  its  mouth,  i.  -      42 

Oil,  bituminous,  i.     -  -  15 

stone  quarry  of  Washita,  ii.  -     293 

Olean  village,  i.        -  -  16 

Omawhaw    Indians,    council    with 

the,  i.    -  -  -     174 

chiefs  visit  us,  i.      -  193 

surprise  at  the  properties 

of  quicksilver,  i.  -     194 

predestination,  i.     -  194 

war  party,  i.      -  -     197 

account  of  the  Omawhaws,  200 
their  village  and  huf<:,  i.      200 


INDEX. 


Omaivhaw,  occupations,  preparations 

for  national  bunt,  i.  201 

departure  on  a  bunting  ex- 
cursion, i.        -  -    205 
ceremony  on  discovering  a 

herd  of  bisons,  i.  -  206 

surrounding  a  iierd  of  bi- 
sons, i.  -  -    208 
dissection  and  preparation 
of  tlie  meat,  i.       -  210 
return  to  the  village,  i.  -     212 
employments,  i.      -            212 
different  preparations   of 
maize,  i.           -            -     213 
puni|>kins,  i.             -  213 
canibalism,  i.     -            -     214 
lice  eaten  by  the  Indians,  i.  215 
amusements  of  the  men,  i.  215 
winter  hunt,  i.        -            217 
employment  of  the  squaws,  218 
trade,  i.     -            -            218 
return  by  the  village  and 
proceed   on  to  hunt  the 
bisons,  i.          -            -     220 
manner  of  preparing  the 

hides,  i.  -  -     221 

government,  i.        -  222 

the  grand  chief  Blackbird,  i.  223 
matrimony  and  the  marri- 
ed state,  i.  -  230 
jealousy,  i.  -  -  233 
punishment  of  adultery,  i.  233 
catamenia,  i.  -  -  235 
parturition,  i.  -  236 
diseases,  i.  -  -  237 
monsters,  abortion,  infant 

children,  i.       -  -     238 

girls,  their  chastity,  &c.  i.  239 
boys,  their  propitiation   of 
the   VVahconda — disobe- 
dience, i.  -  -    240 
an  "lote  of  a  father,  i.        241 
youug  man,  his  home  till 

married,  i.  -  242 

his  house  and  furniture,  i.  243 
mourning  for  the  dead,  i.  243 
love — maternal  love,  anec- 
dote, i.  -  -  244 
quarrels  and  duels,  i,  249 
titles  of  consanguinity,  i.  251 
anecdote  of  a  father-in- 
law,  i.  -  -  253 
fraternal  love,  i.  -  254 
old  age,  i.  -  255 
diseases,  i.  -  -  258 
medical  and  surgical  know- 
ledge, i.  -  -  262 
burial,  i.  -  -  281 
lamentation  for  the  dead,  i.  282 
physical  description,  i.        283 


Omawhaw,  senses,  i.  '     -  -    286 

mechanics  and  fine  arts,  i.  287 
astronomical   and  geogra- 
phic'dl  knowledge,  i.     -     288 
culinary,  horticultural  and 
martial  instruments,  i.       290 
domestic  animals,  i.       -     291 
war  parties  and  war,  i.         292 
battle  with    the   Pawnee 
Loups,  i.    -  -  300 

battle  with  the  Pawnee  re- 
publicans, i.     -  -    300 
with  the  Puncaws,  i.  301 
with  the  Otoes,  i.            -     301 
with  the  Padoucas,  i.  302 
with  the  Kor.zas,  i.        -     302 
manner  of  intrenching,  i.     304  , 
fidelity  of  Wacora,i.      -     307 
migration,  i.           -  338 
drunkenness,  i.  -            -     264 
sodomy,  i.  -            -  266 
ideas  of  futurity,  i.         -     267 
of  God,  i.  -            -  268 
magicians,  i.      -            -     268 
superstitions,  i.       -  272 
peculiar  odour,  i.            -     482 
Orbicular  lizard,  i.                 -  138 
ii.      -             -     35,  89 
Orchidae,  i.               .            -  44 
Orders,  Major  Long's,  detailing  the 
duties  of  the  individuals  of 
the  party  at  the  commence- 
ment of  the  expedition,  i.  1 
relative  to  the  duties  of  the 
party  during  the  winter  can- 
tonment, i.                -             166 
issued  at  the    departure  of 
the  expedition  from  Engi- 
neer Cantonment,  i.              423 
Oreof  iron,  haematitic,  li.    -             292 
Organic  reliquiae  descni'cd,  i.        22,  33 
84,  90,  106,  147 
ii.             49,  219 
Orthocera,  i.               -            -            22 
Osage  river  and  town,  i.  -            -      85 
Indians,  ii.     -             -             237 
their  mode  of  huntinghorsesii.  243 
some  account  of,  ii.            -     244 
number   of   children   of  a 
chief,  ii.       -            -            251 
Oto  Indians,  dance  of,  i.    -            -     164 
council  with,  i.           -             158 
attack  the  Konza  village,  i.     305 
party   of,  attacked    by   the 
Konzas,  i.            -            -     305 
their    nation,    village,  and 
name,  i        -            -             338 
theirniigration,i.  -            -     339 
bravery,  i.      -             -            341 
hunting  grounds,  i.             -    342 


INDEX. 


Oto  Indians,  ceremony  of  marking  a 

squaw,  ii.  -  -     189 

their  knowledge  of  insects,  ii    189 
intoxicating  beao  used  by,  ii>  194 
Out-fit  and   departure  from   Pitts- 

burgli,  i.        -  -  4 

Out-lyins;  hills,  ii.  -  -       11 

Owl,  Coquiinbo  described,  ii.  36,  37,  200 
Ozaric  mountains,  remarks  concern- 
ing, li.  -  -  2'iG 
riversof,  ii.           -            -     281 
account    of  soil,    minerals, 
&c.  ii.             -            .  28? 


Padouca  Indians,  ii.  -  65 

Papilion  creek,  i.  -  -    427 

Pawnee  Indians,  their  attack  on  Mr. 

Say's  detachment,  i.  -  133 
depiitafinn  of,  i.      -  159 

visit  to  their  camp,  i.  -  160 
attack  the  Konza  village,  i.  303 
village  destroyed  by  VVa- 

sacaruja,  i.       -  -     306 

their  council,  i.  353,  366 

presents  made  them,  i.  353,  36 1 
dance,  i.         -  354, 361 

mode  of  receiving   distin- 
guished strangers,  i.  355,  365 
Petaleesharoo,  i.     -  356 

human  sacrifices,  i.  -  357 
battle  with  the  mountain 

Indians,  i.  -  362 

civil  dissension,  i.  -     365 

shield,  i.     -  -  367 

Pawnee  villages,  arrival  at,  i.  435  etseq. 
population,  i.      -  -     445 

situation  and   surrounding 
country,  i.  -  446 

Peak,  James's,  ii.  -  -      28 

a  distinguished  land  mark,  ii.      78 
Spanish,  ii.      -  -         68,  77 

Peale,  Mr.  his  duties,  i.  -        2 

his  sickness,  ii.  -  87 

accidental  separation  from  the 
party,  ii.  -  -     118 

Pear,  prickly,  ii.       -  -  19 

Peltcanus  carbo,  i.  -  -        4 

Pelidna  pectoralis,  described,  i.  171 

cinclus,  var  described,  i.       172 
Petrosilex  of  the  Washita,  ii.  288 

Phenomenon,  atmospheric,  ii.        -     490 
Phryganea,  i.  .  -  32 

Pigeon,  apparently  new,  described,  ii.  10 
Pikf/s  blockhouse,  ii.        -  -       40 

Pilots,  at  f  he  falls  of  Ohio,  i.  26 

Pine,  Weymouth,  i.  -  -       12 

species  of,  on  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains, ii.  -  -  34 


Pinus  flexilis,  ii. 

-       27 

described,  ii,   - 

. 

34 

fruit  eaten,  ii. 

-       35 

resinosa,  ii. 

. 

288 

Pipe  stone,  Indian,  i. 

-       31 

Pittsburgh,  departure 

from,  i. 

4 

noticed,  i. 

-       14 

Plantago  attenuata,  i. 

. 

445 

lagopus,  i. 

-     433 

Plants  of    the    Rocky  Mountains 

above  perpetual  frost,  ii.  27 

colour  of  their  flowers,  ii.  28 

Platte  river,  its  month,  i.  -  143 

its  valley,  i.     -        -     429 

arrival  at,  i.         -  450 

scenery  of,  i.     -    454,468, 

483.488 

remarks  concerning,  i.    459 

temperature  of,  i.  489 

Point  Pleasant,  i.         -        -        -       19 

a  Cherokee  village  on  the  Ar- 

kansa,  ii.  -  -     268 

Poison  Spring,  near  the  Hot  Springs 

of  Washita,  ii.  -  292 

anecdote  of,  ii,       -  -       293 

Pond  Fort,  i.  -  -  408 

Populus  Angustifolia,  i.  -      497 

Angulata,  ii.     -  -  164 

Portland   i.  -  -         -         48 

Poitulacca  pilosa,  ii.  -  68 

Potamogeton  natans,  i.  -       455 

Poteau  nver,  ii.  -  -  260 

Prairie  fiy,  i.        -  -  -       75 

wolves,  their  sagacity,  &c.  i.    168 

Prairies,  their  origin  and  character,  i.  404 

Prairie  dog  described,  i.  -      451 

their  villages,  i.  -  498 

Precautions  used  by  the  party,  ii.         36 

Precious  metals,  fabulous  accounts 

of,  ii.  -  -  277 

Prickly    pear,     (cactus   ferox   and 

mammillaris)  i.  -       452 

Provisions,  seasonable  supply  of,  i.  462 
scarcity  of,  ii.  38,49,  83,  93,  101 
particularly  plenty,  ii.  127 

Capt    Bell's  party  in  great 

want  of,  ii.  -  227 

supplied  by  Lieut.  Swift,  ii.    228 

Psoralea  esculenta,  i.     -  -      448 

Purgatory  creek,  ii.  -  69 

difficulty    in    ascending    its 

blufl's,  ii.  -  -         76 


R, 


Raft,  Great,  of  Red  river,  ii,      -      307 
Ranunculus  aniphibius,  i.       -  498 

Rat,  Florida,  i.  -  -         54 

R^ttiesnakes,  i.         -  -     116,499 

Red  Mouse,  a  Kaskaia  chief,  ii.        106 


INDEX. 


Red  Eirer  of  Louisiana,  account  of, 
from  Freeman's  MS.  jour- 
nal, ii.  -  302  et  seq. 
forests  of,  ii.  -  303 
settlement  of,  ii.  -  304 
colour  of  its  water,  ii.  305 
difficulty  in  ascending,  ii.  307 
remariib  on  the  tributaries 

and  country  of,  ii.         -       314 
sources  unknowu,  ii.     -  316 

Revenge,  with  anecdotes,  i.         -      3n 
Ribe>  Aureuni,  i         -  -  501 

Rigolet  de  Bon  Dieu,  ii.  -       304 

Rivers  of  the  Ozark  mountains,  specu- 
lation couceriiiug,  ii.       281,  294 
Road,  national,  i.  -  -         17 

or   trace  from  Charaton  to 

Council  Blufi,  i.  -       415 

to  Columbia  river,  ii.  34 

Spanish,  li.  -  -         69 

to  Santa  Fe,  ii.  -  94 

Robins,  i.  -  -  -       602 

Rock,  remarkable,  in  Canadian  ri- 
ver, li.  -  -  162 
Rocky  Mountains  descried,  i.  -  489 
arrival  at,  i.  -  503 
remarks  concerning,  ii.  -  1 
scenery  of,  ii.  -  9 
examined,  ii.  -  -  14 
peuetrateo  by  the  party,  ii.  18 
view  of  from  the  summit  of 

James's  Peak,  ii.  -        30 

scenery  in  their  vicinity,  ii.       77, 

79,  82 

Rosa  mutabilis,  i.  -  -         69 

Rudbeckia  tagetes  described,  ii.  68 


S. 


Sabbath  observed  by  the  party  as  a 

day  of  rest,  i.  -  457 

Sacrifice  to  (he  Great  Star,  i.      -      357 
Saddle,  Indian,  speedy  construction 

of,  by  a  Squaw,  ii.     -  62 

Saline  springs,  i.         -         15,16,33,48 
Saline,  U.  S.  near  Sbawneetown,  i.     33 
OD  a  brauch  of  Le  Mine  ri- 
vet, i.  -  -       100 
on  Neosho,  or  Grand  river,  ii.  251 
on  Illinois  river  of  Arkansa,  ii.  254 
river  of  Washita,  ii.        -       300 
Salt,  native,  procured  by  an  Anka- 
ra, i.          -            -  449 
unsuccessful  search  for,  ii.        80 
obtained  from   the  Kaskai- 
as,  ii.              -            -       115 
Sandhill  crane,  i.                  -            344 
ii.          -            -       328 
Sandhills,  or  drifts,  ii.            -  147 
Sand  rat,  or  goffer,  desc.  i.         -      406 
Vol.  II. 


Sandstone,  crystalline,  i.  -  417 
argillaceous,  i.  27,34,40,47 
at  the   base   of   the  Rocky 

Mountains,  li.  1,5,11,13 

slaty,  ii.         -            -  39 

organic  remains  in,  ii.      .  48 

inclined,  of  the  Arkansa,  ii.  44 

formation,  exient  of,  ii.  76 

on  Red  River,  ii.               -  304 

of  the  Ozark  Mountains,  ii.  288 

Santa  Fe,  road  to,  ii.        -           -  94 
Say,  Mr.,  detached  with  a  party  at 

St.  Charles,  i.         -  71 
adventures  of   his  detach- 
ment, i.            -            -  75 
detached  with  a  party  from 

F.anklin,  to  fort  Osage,  i.  95 
detached  with  a  party  to  ex- 
plore the  country  i-etween 
fort  Osage  and  the  Pawnee 

villages,  i.                -  108 
account  of  his  journey  to  the 

Koiizas,  i.         -             -  116 
his  party  plundered  by  a  Paw- 
nee war  party,  i.           -  132 
Sciurus  lateralis,  ii.             -  324 
macrurus,  i.        -            -  115 
quactrivittatus,  desc.  ii.  45 
lateralis,  desc.  ii.              -  46 
graniniurus,  desc.  ii.  72 
Scolopendra,  ii.               -            -  98 
Selenile,  ii.              -            -  98 
Settlers,  first,  their  character,  ii.  279 
Sbawneetown,  arrival  at,  i.         -  31 
Shawnee  Indian's  head  elevated  on 

a  pole,  ii.             -            -  285 
Shell  of  ihe  Omawhaws,  object  of 

superstition,  i.  -  325 
Shienne  chief,  ii.  -  -  177 
war  party,  ii.  -  195 
Shippingspori,  i.  -  -  27 
Short  Mountain  creek  and  settle- 
ment, ii.  -  -  266 
Sickness  of  the  exploring  party,  and 

its  cause,  ii.         -            -  10 

at  Cape  Girardeau,  ii,  321 

Sienite  of  the  Rocky  Mountains,  ii.  5 

Signals,  Indian,  ii.          -             -  140 

Siher  creek,  i.         -            -  28 

hills  noticed,  i.        -          -  29 

Sink  holes,  i.            -            -  58 

Smithland,  i,                   -            -  35 
Solanum    triflorum    and   heteran- 

drum,  i.        -            -  453 
tuberosum,  i.       -            -  94 
Spaniards,  their  measures  to  inter- 
cept Fieeniau's  party,  ii.  312 
Spider,  bird-catching,  ii.              -  157 
Springs,  boiling,  ii.             -      21,23,32 
mineral,  ii.      -               -  43 
0 


INDEX. 


Springs  in  the  red  and  gray  sand 

stones,  ii.            -            -  71 

Spring  river,  ii.           -              -  281 

Squirrel,  striped  and  spotted,  ii.  174 

Staiileya  integrifolia,  desc.  ii.  17 

Stewart,  Mr.  Robeit,  noticed,  i.  465 

Stipa,  hygrometric,  i.        -             -  500 

Stinking  fork,  ii.         -             -  218 

Strawberry  ri*er,  ii.          -             -  281 

St.  Louis,  arrival  at,  i.            -  55 

notice  of,  i.            -            -  56 

St.  Charles,  arrival  at,  i.         -  70 

St.  Charles' river,  ii.             -  58 

St.  Francis'  river,  ii.       -             ■<  283 

Swallow,  cliff  described,  ii.  -  47 

Sycamoie,  i.      -            -            -  23 

Symphona  glomerata,  i.        -  449 

Sylvia  celata  described,  i.           -  169 

bifasciata  described,  i.  170 


Tabauus,  or  prairie  fly,  i.      -  75 

ii.            -  198 

Table  lands,  ii.         -            -  12 

Tarkio  river,  i.  -            -            -  141 
Tarrarecawaho,   his  speech   to  his 

warriors,  i.      -  352 

Tell-tale  sandpiper,  i.    -            -  4 

Tennessee  river,  i.   -            -  36 

Tern,  black-beaded,  i.    -            -  67 
Testudo,  geographica,   its  oviposi- 

tion,  i.           -             -  32 

Tetrao  obbcurus,  described,  ii.     -  14 
Ticks,    seed,    the  party   annoyed 

by,  ii.         -  144,266 

described,  ii.       -  256 

Tikatok,  his  village,  ii.               -  272 

character,  ii.       -  273 

Toad,  a  new  species  described,  ii,  190 

Tobacco  fumes  highly  relished  by 

the  Indians,  ii.  176 
Topography,  see  table  of  contents, 

vol.  ii.  cb.  18, 
Tortures,  expiatory,  of  the  Minneta- 

rees,  i.  -  -  276 
Trap  formation,  its  scenery,  ii.  79, 82 
Travelling,  order  of  observed  by  the 

party,  i.      -            -  421 

Treaty  of  peace,  ceremonies  of,  i.  SIO 
Trees  iniwedded  in  the  banks  of  the 

Missouri,  i.            -             -  68 
Tribes  and   bands  of    the  Omaw- 

hawb,  i.              -               -  325 

Triton  lateralis  described,  i.        -  5 

Tumuli,  or  Indian  mounds,  i.       -  59 

in  Illinois,  on  the  American 

bottom,  i.           -             -  66 

Turkey  buzzard,  i.      -             -  4 

Tyrannus  verticalis  described,  ii.  60 

forficatus,  ii.    -            -  224 


Tyawapeti  bottom,  i. 

U. 

Ulmus  alata,  ii. 

Ursus  horribilis  described,  ii. 


44 


204 
52 


Vaccine  virus,  accident  to,  i.    -        434 
unsuccessfully  applied,  i.439 
Valour,  i.  -  -  309 

Venus,  planet,  seen  at  mid-day,  i.      488 
Verdigris  river   little,  ii.        -  220 

arrival  at,  ii.         -       250 
Vermillion  creek,  i.  -  -  602 

Vespertilio  novaboracensis  et  subula- 

tus  descril>ed,  ii.  65 

Vocabularies  of  Indian  Languages 
appendix  LXIX  et  seq. 
Volcanic  rocks,  ii.       -  -       86,88 

remarkable  ridges  of,  u.   91 
appeaiantfs,  ii,  327 

Volcano  pseudo,  subteiranean  explo- 
sion, i.  -  •       196 

W. 
Wabash  river,  i.        -  -  31 

Warreruza  creek,  i.        -  -       1 16 

Washita  river,  its  source,  &c.  ii.        294 
its  tributaries,  ii.  301 

Waters,  their  colour  considered,  i.  -     10 
Water,  want  of,  the  occasion  of  un- 
avoidable filthiness,  ii.  141 
Water  of  the  red  sandstone  forma- 
tion, ii.             -             -  96 
Wealth,  superior,   indicated  by  the 

number  of  corn  cribs,  i.  77 

Wharf  creek,  ii.  -  -  59 

Wheeling,  arrival  at,  i.  -         17 

Whipporwill,  i.  -  -  4 

White  river,  ii.  -  -       273 

remarks  concerning,  ii.   274 
cut  off,  ii.  -  275 

country  of,  ii.  -        276 

its  bed  and  valley,  ii.       278 
natural  growth  and  pro- 
ducts, ii.  -  279 
Witticisms,  i.         -            -         309, 330 
Wolf  river,  i.             -        -         114,115 
Wolves,  their  ferocity*  ii.        -      78,  82 
Wolf,  black,  i.           -            -  102 
ii.               -             -       157 
Wood,  scarcity  of,  ii.       -             -        69 
Woin)ivooii,  species  of,ifi.       -            475 
Wren,  new,  described,  ii.            -  4 


Yankee,  to  whom  applied,  i. 
Yucca  angustifoija,  i. 


2 
46 


/  ■" 


