Gc 

973.713 
So8 
V.12 
1192344 


GENEALOCSY  COLLECTlOlt 


ALLEN  COUNTY  PUBLIC  LIBRARY 


3  1833  01080  9223 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2010  with  funding  from 

Allen  County  Public  Library  Genealogy  Center 


http://www.archive.org/details/southernhistoric12sout 


SOUTHERN 


Historical  Society  Papers. 


"^OLTJIsdlE    XIII. 


January  to  December,  1884. 


RICHMOND,  VA.: 

Rev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society. 


WM.   ELLIS  JONES, 

PRINTER, 

RICHMOND,  VA. 


CONTENTS. 

1192344 


Page. 

Army  of  Northern  VirKiiiia— Organization  August  31st,  1S64 8 

Army  of  Tennessee — Organization  at  Battle  of  Chickamauga 145 

Army  of  the  Valley  District— Organization  in  1S64 326 

AneLxlotes  of  General  Lee,  by  VV.  B.  Barker 328 

.Artillery  in  the  Southern  Arsenals,  by  Captain  Graham  Daves 360 

An  Incident  of  Colonel  Carlos  Trac> • 547 

Burning  of  Columbia — Affidavit  of  Mrs.  Agnes  Law 233 

"Blue  "  and  "Gray  "—Poem  bv  Rev.  J.  G.  Walker 234 

Cruise  of  the  Nashville,  by  T.  S.  Garnett,  Jr 329 

Campaigns  of  General  Bragg,  by  Major  W.  S   Sykes i 

Chickamauga— A  reply  to  Major  Sykes,  by  James  M.  Goggin,  A.  A.  G.  of  McLaw's  Di- 
vision    219 

General    Bragg   and    Chickamauga— .\  replv  to  General  Martin  by  Captain  W.  M. 

Polk 378 

Report  of  General  W.  Preston 558 

Capture  of  the  Florida— Report  of  Lieutenant  S.  K.  Porter 39 

Correction  as  to  composition  of  Reynolds's  Brigade — Correspondence  between  Governor 

Porter  and  Major  Sykes 45 

Contributions  to  the  History  of  the  Confederate  Ordnance  Department : 

Introductory  Note,  by  Colonel  Wm.  Allan 67 

Paper  by  General  J.  Gorgas.  Chief  of  Ordnance 67 

Call  on  General  Kilpatrick,  by  E   L.  Welles 123 

Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston,  bv  Rev.  (General)  Ellison  Capers 361 

Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law 22,  215,  390,  538 

"  Degrading  Influence  of  Slavery  " — ^Judge  Critcher's  reply  to  Mr.  Hoar 59 

Details  of  the  Death  of  General  A.  P.  Hill— Letter  from  ' '  A  Courier  " 183 

Letter  from  Colonel  C.  S.  Venable 185 

Drewry's  Bluft",  .May  16,  1864  : 

Report  of  General  R.  F.  Hoke 227 

Report  of  General  Johnson  Hagood 229 

Death  of  Mrs.  Sarah  K.  Rowe 428 

Debray's  Twenty-sixth  Te.vas  Cavalry 547 

Editorial  Paragraphs  : 

The  Delay  in   Issuing — Renewals — Model    Letters — Memento^ack   White   Not 

Dead— Crowded  Out 95-96 

Valuable  Gift  from  Mr.  Corcoran — Renewals  Wanted — Appeal  of  Lee  Camp — 
"  Mercer  Cavalry  " — Correction  from  General  N.  H.  Harris  of  Roster  A.  N.  V. — 
In  Memoriam  :  Mrs  Sarah  Bell  Waller,  General  J .  F.  Gilmer,  and  Governor  John 

Letcher 140-143 

Corrections  in  Roster  of  A.  N.  V. — The  "  Eclectic  Histon-  of  the  I'nited  States" 
Not  Fit  to  be  Taught  in  Southern  Schools — Unveiling  the  Lee  Monument  at 
New  Orleans — E.\-Governor  William  Smith — General  Geo.  D.  Johnston — The 

Virginia  Legislature  and  the  Southern  Historical  Society — Renew 188-192 

R.  E.  Lee  Camp  Fair — Letter  from  General  Grant — Letter  from  General  Gordon — 

Renewals — Roster  Corrections 238-240 

Renewals — Lee  Camp  Fair — Louisiana  Soldiers'  Home — Col.  Heros  \'on  Borcke  288 
Combining   Issue — Death   of   Mrs.    Morris — Membership  Fees — The  .\nnual  Re- 
union of  Virginia  Division  of  the  A.  N.  V.  Association — The  Annual  Meeting  of 
the  Southern  Historical  Society — I'nveiling  of  Monument  to  Colonel  Smith. . .  4JI-432 
N'olume  12  complete — Membership  F'ees  and  Past   Due  Subscriptions  -Terms  of 

Membership 574 

"  Eclectic  History  "  of  the  U.  S. : 

A  Re\  iew  by  Colonel  Wm.  Allan 235 

A  Review  by  J .  Wm .  Jones 283,  423 

Experience  of  Corporal  J.  G.  Blanchard  as  Prisoner  at  Camp  Douglas 269 

Experience  of  a  Florida  boy  in  Prison,  by  Henry  G.  Damon 395 

Flag  Presentation  to  the  Washington  Artillery—Judge  Alfred  Roman 28 

Grant's  generalship — a  Northern  opinion 20 

Gunboats  and  F-ield  Artillery— Official  Reports  of  Captain  Faries 54 

Letters  from  Fort  Sumter,  by  Lieutenant  Iredell  Jones 5,  137,  160,  212,  253,  543 

Last  Telegrams  of  the  Confederacy — Correspondence  of  General  Breckinridge 97 

Letters  from  one  of  "Sherman's  Bummers  " 113 

Last  Chapter  of  Reconstruction  in  S.  C,  by  Prof.  F.  A.  Porcher 173,  193,  241,  309 

Lookout  Mountain  : 

Report  of  General  J .  C .  Brown 182 

Report  of  General  E.  W.  Pettus 224 

Leaf  from  my  Log- Book,  by  W.  F.  Shippev 416 

Letter  from  General  Lee  to  President  Davfs,  July  29th,  1863 267 


iv  Contents, 

Letters  from  General  Lee  to  President  Davis,  September  14,  1863 323 

Letter  from  President  Davis  to  Texas  Veterans 334 

Last  CampaiKn  A.  N.  V. — Report  of  General  Fitzhuj<Ii  Let 367 

Louisiana's  \'ote  of  Thanks  to  \'irginia 377 

Literary  Notices  : 

'■  Secret  Service  of  the  Confederate  States  in  Europe  " — Mrs.  De  Renne's  Edition 
of  Major  Daniel's  Address  at  the  L'nveiling  of  the  Lee  Figure — Contributions 
to  a  Histor>-  of  the  Richmond    Howitzers — "  Military   Operations  of  Genera! 

Beauregard  " 144 

"  The  Blue  and  The  Grav  " — "  Anecdotes  of  the  Civil  War  '' 192 

"Letters  and  Times  of*  the  Tylers" — General  Keys's  "Fifty  Years'  Observa- 
tions"    575 

Morris  Island,  by  Miss  Claudine  Rhett 336 

Monument  at  Munfordsville : 

Mr.  James  Smith's  remarks 470 

Address  of  Major  E.  T.  Sykes 471 

Remarks  of  Mr.  Watts 483 

Casualties  in  the  Battle 484 

Memoir  of  General  John  B.  Magruder,  by  General  A.  L.  Long 105 

"  Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard  "  : 

A  Review  by  Colonel  Wni.  Allan 258 

A  Review  by  Judge  Chas.  (yayarre 402,  433 

Maryland  Campaign,  by  General  B.  T.  Johnson 500 

Notes  and  Queries  : 

The  term  "  Rebellion  " — "  The  HLsloric  Apple  Tree  at  Appomattox  " 429 

Senator  Don.  Cameron  on  the  position  of  General  Geo.  H.  Thomas  at  the  outbreak  of  the 
VV'ar — General  Sherman's  slanders  of  Confederate  Leaders — Mr  Corcoran's  Tribute 
to  General  Lee — A  Northern  estimate  of  relative  numbers  and  losses — "  Appomattox 

Apple  Tree,"  once  more 568 

Our  Heroic  Dead — Poem,  by  James  Barron  Hope 550 

Petersburg,  May  6-1 1,  1864  :' 

Report  of  General  Johnson  Hagood 119 

Report  of  Colonel  R.  F.  Graham 122 

Report  of  General  B.   R.  Johnson 274 

June  i6th,  17th,  and  i8th  : 

Report  of  General  Hagood 321 

June  24th  : 

Report  of  General  Hagood 450 

Report  of  General  Hoke 462 

Endorsement  of  General  Beauregard 465 

Pelham  at  Fredericksburg,  by  Major  H .  B .  McClellan 466 

Reminiscences  of  the  last  Campaign  of  the  Army  of  Tenn.,  by  Rev.  P.  D.Stephenson...  32 

Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations,  by  General  T.  T.  Munford 342,  447 

Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association  : 

Address  of  General  B .  T .  Johnson 500 

The  Banquet 536 

Story  of  the  Arkansas,  by  Geo.  W.  Gift 48,  115,  163,  205 

Statement  of  Ex-Governor  Orr,  of  S.  C,  as  to  "  preserving  the  status  "    of  the  Forts  at 

Charleston 60 

Secessionville — Report  of  Colonel  Johnson  Hagood 63 

Sabine  Pass : 

A  F"ederal  Account — Letter  from    Adjutant-General  Fred.    Speed 131 

President  Davis's  Account 133 

Captain  Odium's  Official  Report 134 

Commodore  Leon  Smith's  Report 134 

General  Magruder's  Order 135 

Newspaper  Account 136 

Sketch  of  Third  Maryland  Artillery,  by  Captain  W.  L.  Ritter 170 

Seventeenth  Virginia  Regiment  at  F"lat  Creek  and  Drewry's  Bluflf,  by  Colonel  A  Herbert,  289 

Sherman's  "  March  to  the  Sea,"  by  Colonel  C.   C  Jones.'jr 294 

Surrender  of  Vicksburg — A  defence  of  General  Pemberton,  by  Major  R.  W.  Memminger, 

Chief  of  staff  for  the  Department 552 

"  Sherman's  Bummers,"  by  Captain  H.  J.  Hale 427 

Some  great  Constitutional  Questions,  by  B.J.  Sage.  Esq 485 

Within  a  Stone's  Throw  otlndependence,  at  Gettysburg 111 

Wolsley's  Tribute  to  Lee  and  Jackson 232 


Vol  XII.         Richmond,  Va.,  January-February,  1884.        Nos.  1-2. 


Cursory  Sketch  of  the  Campaigns  of  General  Bragg. 

By  Major  E.  T.  Sykes. 
THE     ARMY     AT     DALTON. 

The  "Army  of  Tennessee"  fell  back  and  went  into  winter  quar- 
ters at  Dalton,  Georgia,  forty  miles  distant  from  Chattanooga,  and 
where  the  Georgia  State  road  connects  with  the  East  Tennessee 
railroad.*     Soon  after,  General  Bragg,  appreciating  his  relations  to 


*  Extract  from  a  letter  of  General  Bragg  to  the  writer,  dated  February 
8th,  1873: 

"  In  our  retreat  from  Missionary  Ridge,  the  enemy  could  make  but  a 
feeble  pursuit,  for  want  of  artillery  horses  (G^rrt«/"j  report).  At  the  moun- 
tain gorge  near  Ringgold,  I  believed  he  could  be  successfully  repulsed,  and 
the  army  quickly  withdrawn.  General  Cleburn,  one  of  the  best  and  truest 
soldiers  in  our  cause,  was  placed  at  that  point  in  command  of  the  rear 
guard.  Late  at  night,  hours  after  all  the  army  was  at  rest,  my  information 
being  all  in,  I  called  for  a  reliable  confidential  staff  officer,  and  gave  him 
verbal  directions  to  ride  immediately  to  Cleburn,  about  three  (3)  miles  in 
my  rear,  at  this  mountain  gorge,  and  give  him  viy  positive  orders  to  hold 
his  position  tip  to  a  named  hour  the  ?iext  day,  and  if  attacked,  to  defend  the 


2  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  service,  and  feeling  that  a  portion  of  his*  troops  were  dissatisfied 
with  and  disposed  to  criticise  his  military  operations,  to  allay  all  ap- 
prehensions, patriotically  requested  the  President  to  relieve  him  from 
the  command  of  that  army  whose  fortunes  he  had  followed  and  whose 
fate  he  had  shared  through  the  trying  vicissitudes  of  more  than  two 
years  of  active  operations.  His  request  was  granted  and  Lieutenant- 
General  Hardee  temporarily  placed  in  command,  in  a  short  time  to 
be  replaced  by  General  Joseph  E.  Johnston.  But  the  President,  know- 
ing General  Bragg's  abilities  and  appreciating  them,  was  not  disposed 
so  summarily  to  dispense  with  his  services,  and  hence  immediately 
called  him  to  Richmond  in  the  capacity  of  military  adviser.  Thus 
ended  the  connection  of  General  Bragg  with  the  Army  oj  the  West, 
or,  as  then  more  properly  termed,  the  "  Army  of  Northern  Georgia." 

GENERAL  BRAGG  RELIEVED  OF  COMMAND  AND  SUSEQUENT  VISIT  TO 

THE  ARMY. 

He  never,  subsequent  to  that  time,  made  but  one  visit  to  his  old  and 
to  him  cherished  command,  and  then  to  find  it  sadly  changed — a  visit 
pregnant  with  the  issues  of  its  life  or  death  and  involving  the  very 
existence  of  the  Confederacy.  It  was  at  or  about  the  time  of  the  re- 
moval of  General  Johnston  from,  and  the  substitution  of  the  "  bravest 


pass  at  every  hazard.  The  message  was  delivered  at  Cleburn's  camp  fire. 
He  heard  it  with  surprise  and  expressed  his  apprehension  that  it  would 
result  in  the  loss  of  his  command,  as  his  information  differed  from  mine, 
and  he  believed  the  enemy  would  turn  his  position  and  cut  him  off.  '  But,' 
said  he,  true  soldier  as  he  was,  '  I  always  obey  orders,  and  only  ask  as  a 
protection,  in  case  of  disaster,  that  you  put  the  order  in  writing.'  This  was 
done  as  soon  as  materials  could  be  found,  and  the  staff  officer  returned 
and  reported  the  result  of  his  mission.  He  had  not  reached  me,  however, 
before  the  attack,  in  front,  as  I  expected,  was  made.  Cleburn  gallantly 
met  it,  defeated  the  enemy  under  Hooker,  drove  him  back,  and  then  quietly 
followed  the  army  without  further  molestation.  Mark  the  difference  in  con- 
duct and  results.  A  good  soldier,  by  obedience,  without  substituting  his 
own  crude  notions,  defeats  the  enemy  and  saves  an  army  from  disaster. 
And  mark  the  credit  he  gets  for  it.  The  Confederate  Congress  passed  a 
vote  of  thanks  to  the  gallant  Cleburn  and  his  command  for  saving  Btagg's 
army.  Not  to  this  day  has  it  ever  been  known  that  he  did  it  in  obedience 
to  orders  and  against  his  judgment,  which  does  not  detract  from,  but  adds 
to  his  fame.  Captain  Samuel  A.  Harris,  Assistant  Adjutant-General,  of 
Montgomery,  Alabama,  was  the  officer  who  delivered  the  order.  He  is  now 
an  Episcopal  clergyman,  with  the  largest  congregation  in  New  Orleans,  and 
has  recently  repeated  the  whole  matter  to  me  as  distinctly  as  if  it  had 
occurred  yesterday." 


Cursory  Sketch  of  the  Campaigns  of  General  Bragg.        3 

of  the  brave,"  the  gallant  J.   B.   Hood,  to  the  command  of  the  army 
with  the  rank  of  General. 

GENERAL  HOOD  COMMANDING  ARMY  OF  NORTHERN  GEORGIA. 

Hood  was  offered  a  sacrifice  on  the  shrine  of  his  country,  and  be  it 
said  to  his  glory  and  honor  that,  knowing  it,  he,  for  his  country's 
good,  unhesitatingly  accepted  its  consequences.  On  his  assumption 
of  the  command  of  the  army,  if  I  recollect  correctly,  it  did  not  ag- 
gregate, including  every  arm  of  the  service,  but  little  in  excess  of 
twenty-five  thousand  effective  men,  and  yet  with  that  number  he  was 
willing,  from  a  sense  of  patriotic  duty,  to  compromise  his  bright  and 
brilliant  military  record  with  the  masses,  who  were  ignorant  of  the 
situation,  the  most  if  not  all  of  whom  were  his  admirers,  and  to  the 
ability  of  his  little  army,  to  give  battle  to  the  overwhelming  odds  un- 
der Sherman,  for  the  one  last  lingering  hope  of  holding  Atlanta,  the 
key  to  the  Confederacy. 

And,  though  failing  in  the  end,  gallantly  did  he  redeem  his  respon- 
sible pledge.  The  venture  was  hazardous  in  the  extreme,  and  it  re- 
quired brave  officers  to  meet  the  emergency.  'Twas  then  that  the 
brave  and  chivalric  Stephen  D.  Lee,  who  merited  the  high  compli- 
ments of  President  Davis,  paid  him  before  the  Legislature  of  Missis- 
sippi the  year  previous,  was  called  to  the  command  of  Hood's  corps, 
and  our  equally  gallant  and  intrepid  Jacob  H.  Sharp  and  others,  tried 
and  true  men,  were  promoted  to  the  rank  of  general  officers,  in  which 
capacity  their  military  skill  was  more  urgently  needed  and  their  valu- 
able services  could  at  the  same  time  be  rewarded.  The  battles  of  the 
22d  and  28th  of  July,  1864,  around  Atlanta,  and  at  Jonesboro'  on  the 
31st  August  following,  attested  the  wisdom  of  these  appointments. 
And  although  we  were  not  successful  in  the  immediate  results  of  the 
battlefield,  we  showed  to  the  haughty  enemy  that  all  chivalry  was  not 
buried  in  the  grave  of  Charlemagne,  but  some,  at  least,  remained  to 
adorn  the  brow  and  make  resplendent  the  character  of  the  Southern  of- 
ficer and  soldier.  That  character  to-day  of  the  Southerner  which 
makes  him  respected  abroad  and  by  his  enemies,  and  the  latter  is  by 
every  hellish  device  endeavoring  to  destroy  and  render  ignoble,  is  as 
surely  the  result  of  her  sons'  bravery  upon  the  field  of  battle  as  that 
the  needle  points  unerringly  to  the  pole.  They  may  endeavor  to 
crush  out  the  last  spark  of  patriotism  in  the  breasts  of  her  fellow-braves, 
but  never,  as  long  as  she  has  sons  and  daughters  worthy  of  their 
proud  lineage,  can  our  enemies  succeed,  but  from  each  fell  blow  we 


4  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  our  children  will  rebound,  Phoenix-like,  to  assert  our  equality. 
Her  children,  whether  at  home  or  wandering  abroad,  will  remember 
with  fondness  the  land  of  their  nativity,  and,  remembering,  cherish 
the  cenotaphs  erected  to  commemorate  the  deathless  valor  of  the  Con- 
federate soldier,  be  he  officer  or  be  he  private,  who  fell  battling  for 
her  rights,  and  revere  the  tottering  steps  of  the  old  man  who  in  years 
to  come  will  tell  in  nursery  tales  to  his  anxiously  listening  offspring  of 
the  hardships  he  endured  and  the  dangers  he  braved  in  behalf  of  his 
country's  honor.  And  none  more  than  the  one  of  whom  I  am  imme- 
diately speaking  can  truthfully  and  proudly  relate  them  of  himself 

The  writer  will  never  forget  the  remark  made  by  Hood  the  night 
after  he  crossed  the  Chattahoochie  and  had  eslablisied  headquarters 
with  General  W.  H.  Jackson,  commanding  the  cavalry  of  his  army, 
and  on  whose  staff  the  writer  at  that  time  was  A.  A.  General.  It 
was  a  dark  and  rainy  night,  and  when  the  courier  came  up  and  re- 
ported that  the  last  of  the  army  had  crossed  and  the  pontoons  had 
been  taken  up.  Hood  remarked  to  the  circle  of  officers  present:  "I 
once  more  feel  glorious ;  lam  north  of  the  Chattahoochie."  Then 
we  lay  down  for  the  night,  to  resume  on  the  next  morning  in  good 
earnest  the  march  into  Tennessee  which  terminated  so  disastrously  at 
Nashville. 

CONCLUSION. 

In  conclusion  of  this  sketch,  which  is  written  purely  from  recollec- 
tion, and  partly  from  memoranda  made  at  the  time,  I  deem  it  not 
amiss  to  say  in  justification  of  General  Bragg's  discipline  that  it  was 
simply  the  misfortune  of  the  Confederacy  that  she  had  so  few  officers 
like  him  to  carry  out  and  enforce  her  laws,  and  thereby  render  her 
arms  what  they  should  have  been,  efficient  and  perfect. 

Captious  critics,  the  most  of  whom  were  in  the  rear,  could  not  ap- 
preciate the  vital  importance  of  discipline  in  an  army,  nor  did  they 
stop  to  reflect  that  the  very  laws  the  operations  of  which  they  so 
much  condemned  were  enacted  by  their  Congressmen  chosen  by  their 
suffrages,  and  some  of  whom,  strange  to  say,  united  in  the  clamor. 
Like  the  President,  Bragg  was,  in  one  sense  of  the  term,  an  executive 
officer,  and  the  law  of  Congress  making  it  a  death  penalty  to  run  cot- 
ton through  the  lines  had  by  him,  as  a  good  and  true  officer,  to  be 
rigidly  enforced,  regardless  of  its  propriety  in  the  abstract. 

When  caught  in  the  act  the  accused  was  given  the  benefit  of  a  trial 
before  a  court-martial,  and   if  found  guilty,  and  the  proceedings  in 


Letters  from    Fort  Sumter.  5 

other  respects  being  regular,  he  invariably  received  the  punishment 
awarded. 

The  pithy  maxim  of  Talleyrand,  "  nothing  succeeds  like  success," 
is  a  vulgar  and  ofttimes  an  erroneous  criterion. 

Concede  the  applicability  of  such  a  test  to  the  relative  valor,  gen- 
eralship and  military  character  of  the  Northern  and  Southern  armies, 
during  the  war,  and  we  "  exalt  the  soldiers  of  the  North  above  all  prece- 
dent and  consign  the  unequalled  valor  of  the  Southern  soldiery  to  re- 
proach, instead  of  the  deathless  fame  which  shall  survive  them.  To 
such  a  judgment  every  batde-field  of  the  war  gives  emphatic  and  in- 
dignant contradiction." 

Time,  the  great  arbiter  of  us  all,  is  as  sure  to  give  Bragg  rank 
among  the  first  Generals  of  the  late  war  and  triumphandy  vindicate 
his  discipline,  as  that  it  will  dissipate  the  twilight  haze  which  yet  "  ob- 
scures the  grand  effort  of  patriotism  "  of  which  he  was  a  prominent 
helmsman.  With  a  devotion  which  shrank  from  no  sacrifice  and 
quailed  before  no  peril,  he  buckled  around  him  the  armor  of  the  right 
and  wielding  the  shield  of  Achilles,  which  the  inferior  Greek  was  un- 
able to  lift,  despite  overwhelming  numbers  of  the  enemy,  furnished 
by  his  example  the  strongest  evidence  of  his  belief  in  the  correctness 
and  justice  of  the  cause  he  espoused. 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter  in  1862  and  1863. 

By  Lieutenant  Iredell  Jones,  First  Regitnetit  South  Carolina  Regulars. 

[We  have  on  hand  a  number  of  letters  written  by  Lieutenant 
Jones,  while  serving  in  Fort  Sumter,  to  his  parents.  As  vivid  de- 
scriptions, written  at  the  time,  of  the  events  they  describe  by  a  gallant 
participant  in  the  heroic  defence  of  Sumter,  they  are  of  interest  and 
historic  value  worthy  of  a  place  in  our  records.] 

Letter  No.  i. 

Fort  Sumter,  June  iSth,  1862. 

You  have  heard  by  the  papers  the  particulars  of  the  bloody  fight 
of  the  1 6th,  at  Secession ville.  Though  on  a  small  scale,  this  war 
furnishes  not  one  instance  of  a  more  gallant  charge  on  the  part  of 
the  enemy,  and  of  a  more  desperate  and  determined  resistance  on 
the  part  of  our  own  men.  The  battery  was  contested  on  the  ram- 
parts in  a  hand  to  hand   fight,  and  a  log  was  rolled  from  the  top  to 


6  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

sweep  the  enemy  from  the  sides  of  the  breastwork.  "  All  praise  is 
due  to  the  Charleston  battalion  and  Lamar's  two  companies  of  artil- 
lery, as  well  as  Smith's  battalion,  and  had  it  not  been  for  the  despe- 
rate fighting  of  these  commands,  while  reinforcements  were  being 
sent  for,  the  important  point  at  Secessionville  would  have  been  lost. 
But  while  we  give  all  credit  to  our  own  troops,  let  us  never  again 
disparage  our  enemy  and  call  them  cowards,  for  nothing  was  ever 
more  glorious  than  their  three  charges  in  the  face  of  a  raking  fire  of 
grape  and  canister,  and  then  at  last,  as  if  to  do  or  die,  they  broke 
into  two  columns  and  rushed  against  our  right  and  left  flanks,  which 
movement  would  have  gained  the  day,  had  not  our  reinforcements 
arrived.  We  were  emphatically  surprised,  but  it  could  not  have 
been  otherwise  expected,  when  we  recollect  that  the  three  commands 
before  mentioned,  which  were  at  Secessionville,  had  been  under  fire 
of  the  enemy's  battery  for  the  past  two  weeks,  being  shelled  day  and 
night,  and  thereby  almost  exhausted  from  want  of  sleep.  The 
lamented  Captain  Reed  had  been  manning  our  battery  for  ten  days 
with  his  company.  Many  of  our  finest  men  were  killed,  and  all  the 
friends  or  relations  of  some  of  the  officers  in  the  Fort,  and  a  general 
gloom  is  spread  over  the  countenances  of  all  here  now. 

And  now  I  will  try  and  tell  you  something  about  our  situation  on 
James  Island,  as  I  have  had  the  chance  of  learning,  having  in  com- 
pany with  some  other  officers  in  the  Fort  visited  the  Island,  on 
Sunday  last,  the  day  before  the  battle,  and  having  seen  all  our  out- 
posts, breastworks,  batteries,  &c.,  as  well  as  a  large  portion  of  the 
troops.  A  dense  woods  separates  our  army  from  the  enemy,  and  all 
along  for  from  3,000  to  4,000  yards  in  rear  of  these  woods,  i.  c,  to- 
wards our  side,  is  a  level,  open  space,  and  in  most  places  can  only  be 
passed  over  by  the  army,  on  account  of  marsh-lands,  by  roads.  Now, 
cutting  across  the  island  to  the  rear  of  this  level  space,  stretch  our 
breastworks,  in  which  we  have  a  few  guns  mounted  at  considerable 
intervals  apart,  and  behind  which  infantry  and  field-batteries  will  be 
protected.  You  see  at  once  the  strength  of  our  position.  The 
roads  will  be  thoroughly  guarded,  and  if  a  column  advances  across 
one  of  these  fields,  it  will  be  exposed  to  the  fire  of  artillery  as  soon 
as  it  makes  its  appearance.  It  can  then  be  raked  when  nearer  by 
grape  and  canister,  and  as  soon  as  it  comes  within  range  nothing 
protects  it  from  the  volleys  of  our  infantry.  Secessionville  is  a 
very  important  point  on  the  creek  that  divides  Morris's  from  James's 
Island  and  constitutes  our  extreme  left  flank,  and  if  taken  the  enemy 
could  turn  our  left.      It  was  for  this  reason,  no  doubt,  that  the  attack 


Letters  from,  Fort  Sumter.  *J 

was  made  the  other  day,  and  for  this  reason  also  that  our  Generals 
are  so  determined  to  hold  it.  The  enemy's  gun-boats  can  come  up 
within  shelling  distance  of  it,  and  to  hold  their  place  our  troops  were 
obliged  to  remain  there  under  fire.  We  have  about  8,000,  or  per- 
haps as  many  as  10,000,  men  on  the  island,  and  all,  I  believe  in  good 
condition.  The  enemy's  force  is  estimated  at  9,000,  under  General 
Stephens.  If  this  is  the  true  estimate  it  certainly  would  seem  as  if 
we  could  hold  them  in  check  for  any  length  of  time.  Fort  Sumter 
is  about  three  miles  distant  from  Secessionville,  but  it  seems  to  me 
impossible  for  the  enemy's  gunboats  ever  to  come  from  that  quarter 
to  attack  us,  as  the  stream  is  only  navigable  to  very  small  boats, 
and  that,  too,  only  at  very  high  tides.  Their  object  is  to  take 
James's  Island  and  plant  mortar  batteries. 

While  on  the  island  we  visited  our  outposts,  and  I  had  the  pleasure 
of  seeing,  from  the  top  of  a  tree,  the  Yankee  pickets,  about  six  hun- 
dred yards  distant.  It  seems  strange,  but  is  true,  that  the  pickets  of 
the  two  armies  sit  down  at  this  distance  apart  and  look  at  each 
other  all  day.  After  amusing  ourselves  looking  at  Yankees,  we  went 
to  the  breastworks  and  camps,  after  which  we  returned  to  Colonel 
Lamar's  headquarters,  expecting  to  return  to  the  fort,  but  on  learn- 
ing that  our  battery  was  to  commence  replying  to  the  enemy's 
battery,  which,  together  with  the  gun-boats,  had  been  shelling  Seces- 
sionville and  our  battery  all  the  morning,  we  concluded  to  walk  down 
and  see  the  duel.  We  stopped  at  Secessionville  a  few  moments,  and 
then,  led  on  by  curiosity,  rather  than  by  wisdom,  we  went  across  an 
open  field  under  fire,  to  our  battery,  eight  hundred  yards  distant,  and 
remained  there  an  hour,  looking  at  the  mortar  practice.  The  enemy 
fired  very  rapidly  and  with  great  precision,  striking  the  battery  or 
grazing  the  top  nearly  every  time.  Their  shells  bursted  mostly  in 
rear  of  us,  and  only  once  directly  overhead,  which  wounded  two 
men.  There  were  five  of  us  along  together,  composing  our  party. 
It  was  very  unwise  of  us  to  have  exposed  ourselves  thus  recklessly, 
and  the  more  so  that  we  should  have  done  so  merely  out  of  curi- 
osity. Your  affectionate  son, 

Iredell  Jones. 


Southern  Historical  Society  Pajjers. 

Organization  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia,  August  31,  1864.  (a) 

Compiled  by  War  Records  Office,  IVashingion. 

[Corrections  earnestly  solicited,  if  errors  are  found.] 

FIRST  ARMY  CORPS. 

Lieutenant-General  R.  H.  Anderson  Commanding. 

Pickett's  division. 
Major-General  George  E.  Pickett. 

Barton's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Seth  M.  Barton. ((5) 
Ninth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  J.  Phillips. 
Fourteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  William  White. 
Thirty-eighth  Virginia,  Colonel  George  K.  Griggs. 
Fifty-third  Virginia,  Colonel  W.  R.  Aylett. 
Fifty-seventh  Virginia,  Colonel  C.  R.  Fontaine. 
Hunio7is  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Eppa  Hunton. 
Eighth  Virginia,  Colonel  N.  Berkeley. 
Eighteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  H.  A.  Carrington. 
Nineteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  Henry  Gantt. 
Twenty-eighth  Virginia,  Colonel  William  Watts. 
Fifty-sixth  Virginia,  Colonel  P.  P.  Slaughter. 
Corse  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  M.  D.  Corse. 
Fifteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  T.  P.  August. 
Seventeenth  Virginia,  Colonel  Arthur  Herbert. 
Twenty-ninth  Virginia,  Colonel  James  Giles. 
Thirtieth  Virginia,  Colonel  A.  T.  Harrison. 
Thirty-second  Virginia,  Colonel  E.  B.  Montague. 
Terry  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  William  R.  Terry. 
First  Virginia,  Colonel  F.  G.  Skinner. 


{a)  From  monthly  return  when  not  otherwise  indicated.  The  original 
return  does  not  always  indicate  actual  commanders. 

(d)  Colonel  W.  R.  Aylett  was  in  command  August  29th,  and  probably  at 
above  date. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.  { 

Third  Virginia,  Colonel  Joseph  Mayo,  Jr. 
Seventh  Virginia,  Colonel  C.  C.  Flowerree. 
Eleventh  Virginia,  Colonel  M.  S.  Langhorne. 
Twenty-fourth  Virginia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  R.  L.  Maury. 

field's   division.  (^) 
Major-General  C.  W.  Field. 

Afidersofi'  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  G.  T.  Anderson. 
Seventh  Georgia,  Colonel  G.  H.  Carmical. 
Eighth  Georgia,  Colonel  J.  R.  Towers 
Ninth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  E.  F.  Hoge. 
Eleventh  Georgia,  Colonel  F.  H.  Little. 
Fifty-ninth  Georgia,  Colonel  Jack  Brown. 

Law' s  Brigade. 
Colonel  P.  D.  Bowles. 
Fourth  Alabama,  Colonel  P.  D.  Bowles. 
Fifteenth  Alabama,  Colonel  A.  A.  Lowther. 
Forty-fourth  Alabama,  Colonel  W.  F.  Perry. 
Forty-seventh  Alabama,  Colonel  M.  J.  Bulger. 
Forty-eighth  Alabama,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  M.  Hardwick. 

Bratton's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  John  Bratton. 
First  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  R.  Hagood. 
Second  South  Carolina  [Rifles],  Colonel  R.  E.  Bowen. 
Fifth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  A.  Coward. 
Sixth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  M.  Steedman. 
Palmetto  Sharp-shooters,  Colonel  Joseph  Walker. 

Kershaw's  division.  (^) 
Major-General  J.  B.  Kershaw. 
Wofford's  Brigade. 
Sixteenth  Georgia,  Major  James  S.  Gholston. 
Eighteenth  Georgia,  Colonel  Joseph  Armstrong. 
Twenty-fourth  Georgia,  Colonel  C.  C.  Sanders. 


(<;)  Inspection  report  of  this  division  for  August  30,  1864,  shows  that  it  also 
contained  Benning's  and  Gregg's  brigades.  The  return  shows  but  two 
Brigadier-Generals  present  for  duty ;  names  not  indicated. 

(a?)  Only  two  Brigadier-Generals  reported  present  for  duty  ;  names  not  in- 
dicated. 


10  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Third  Georgia  Battalion  (sharp-shooters),  Lieutenant- Colonel 

N.  L.  Hutchins. 
Phillips's  Legion,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Joseph  Hamilton. 
Cobb's  Legion,  Lieutenant-Colonel  L.  J.  Glenn. 

Bryan's  Brigade. 
Tenth  Georgia,  Colonel  W.  C.  Holt. 
Fiftieth  Georgia,  Colonel  P.  McGlashan. 
Fifty-first  Georgia,  Colonel  E.  Ball. 
Fifty-third  Georgia,  Colonel  James  P.  Simms. 

Humphrey' s  Brigade. 
Thirteenth  Mississippi,  Lientenant-Colonel  A.  G.  O'Brien. 
Seventeenth  Mississippi,  Captain  J.  C.  Cochran. 
Eighteenth  Mississippi,  Colonel  T.  M.  Griffin. 
Twenty-first  Mississippi,  Colonel  D.  N.  Moody. 

Kershaw's  \_o/d]  Brigade. 
Second  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  D.  Kennedy. 
Third  South  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  D.  Rutherford. 
Seventh  South  Carolina,  Captain  E.J.  Goggans. 
Eighth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  W.  Henagan. 
Fifteenth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  B.  Davis. 
Twentieth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  S.  M.  Boykin. 
Third  South  Carolina  Battalion,  Lieutenant- [Colonel]  W.  G. 

Rice. 

SECOND  ARMY  CORPS,  (a) 

Lieutenant-General  Jubal  a.  Early  Commanding. 

Gordon's  division. 
Major-General  John  B.  Gordon. 
Hays's  Brigade,  {b) 
Fifth  Louisiana,  Colonel  Henry  Forno. 
Sixth  Louisiana.  Colonel  William  Monaghan. 
Seventh  Louisiana,  Colonel  D.  B.  Penn. 
Eighth  Louisiana,  Colonel  A.  DeBlanc. 
Ninth  Louisiana,  Colonel  William  R.  Peck. 


(a)  See  organization  of  the  Army  of  the  Valley  District  August  20th  and 
31st,  as  shown  by  inspection  reports.  Notes  (b)  to  (i)  refer  to  that  organiza- 
tion. 

{b)  Con.stituting  York's  brigade. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Nortliei^n  Virginia.  11 

Gordon' s  Brigade,  {c) 
Thirteenth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  H.  Baker. 
Twenty-sixth  Georgia,  Colonel  E.  N.  Atkinson. 
Thirty-first  Georgia,  Colonel  C.  A.  Evans. 
Thirty-eighth  Georgia,  Colonel  J.  D.  Mathews. 
Sixtieth  Georgia,  Colonel  W.  H.  Stiles, 
Sixty-first  Georgia,  Colonel  J.  H.  Lamar. 

Pegram' s  Brigade,  id) 
Brigadier-General  John  Pegram. 
Thirteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  E.  B.  Terrill. 
Thirty-first  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  S.  Hoffman. 
Forty-ninth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  C.  Gibson. 
Fifty-second  Virginia,  Colonel  James  H.  Skinner. 
Fifty-eighth  Virginia,  Colonel  F.  H.  Board. 

Hoke' s  Brigade,  {e) 

Sixth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  R.  F.  Webb. 
Twenty-first  North  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  S.   Ran- 
kin. 
Fifty-fourth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  K    M.  Murchison. 
Fifty-seventh  North  Carolina,  Colonel  A.  C.  Godwin. 
First  North  Carolina  Battalion,  Major  [R.  W.]  Wharton. 

Johnson's    division. 
Stonewall  Brigade,  if) 
Second  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  O.  A.  Nadenbousch. 
Fourth  Virginia,  Colonel  William  Terry. 
Fifth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  H.  S.  Funk. 
Twenty-seventh    Virginia,    Lieutenant-Colonel    Charles    [L.] 

Haynes. 
Thirty-third  Virginia,  Colonel  F.  W.  M.  Holliday. 

SteuarVs  Brigade.  (  /) 
Tenth  Virginia,  Colonel  E.  T.  H.  Warren. 
Twenty-third  Virginia,  Colonel  A.  G.  Taliaferro. 
Thirty-seventh  Virginia,  Colonel  T.  V.  Williams. 


{c)  Evans's  brigade.  Colonel  E.  N.  Atkinson   commanding,  and  containing 
Twelfth  Georgie  Battalion, 
(rf)  In  Ramseur's  division. 
{e)  Godwin's  brigade,  Ramseur's  division. 
(/")  The  Virginia  regiments  constituted  Terry's  brigade,  Gordon's  division. 


12  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

First  North  Carolina,  Colonel  H.  A.  Brown. 
Third  North  Carolina,  Colonel  S.  D.  Thruston. 

Jones's  Brigade.  ( /") 
Twenty-first  Virginia,  Colonel  W.  A.  Witcher. 
Twenty-fifth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  C.  Higginbotham. 
Forty-second  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  W.  Withers. 
Forty-fourth  Virginia,  Colonel  Norvell  Cobb. 
Forty-eighth  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  A   Dungan. 
Fiftieth  Virginia,  Colonel  A.   S.  Vanderventer. 

Stafford's  Brigade,  ib) 
First  Louisiana,  Colonel  W.  R.  Shivers. 
Second  Louisiana,  Colonel  J.  M.  Williams. 
Tenth  Louisiana,  Colonel  E.  Waggaman. 
Fourteenth  Louisiana,  Colonel  Z.  York. 
Fifteenth  Louisiana,  Colonel  E.  Pendleton. 

RODES'S    DIVISION. 

Major-General  R.  E.  Rodes. 
Daniels  Brigade,  ig) 
Thirty- second  North  Carolina,  Colonel  E.  C.  Brabble. 
Forty-third  North  Carolina,  Colonel  Thomas  S.  Kenan. 
Forty-fifth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  Samuel  H.  Boyd. 
Fifty-third  North  Carolina,  Colonel  Wm.  A.  Owens. 
Second  North  Carolina  Battalion,  Major  John  M.  Hancock. 

Rainseur's  Brigade,  {h) 
Second  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  R.  Cox. 
Fourth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  Bryan  Grimes. 
Fourteenth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  R.  T.  Bennett. 
Thirtieth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  F.  M.  Parker. 

Doles'  s  Brigade,  (i) 
Fourth  Georgia,  Colonel  Philip  Cook. 
Twelfth  Georgia,  Colonel  Edward  Willis. 
Twenty-first  Georgia,  Colonel  John  T.  Mercer. 
Forty-fourth  Georgia,  Colonel  W.  H.  Peebles. 


if)  The  Virginia  regiments  constituted  Terry's  brigade,  Gordon's  division. 
(d)  Constituting  York's  brigade. 
(£■)  Grimes's  brigade. 

(h)  With  North  Carolina  regiments  from  Steuart's  brigade  was  Cox's  bri- 
gade, 
(z)  Cook's  brigade. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.  13 

Battle  s  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  C.  A.  Battle. 

Third  Alabama,  Colonel  Charles  Forsyth, 

Fifth  Alabama,  Colonel  J.  M.  Hall. 

Sixth  Alabama,  Colonel  J.  N.  Lightfoot. 

Twelfth  Alabama,  Colonel  S.  B.  Pickens. 

Sixty-first  Alabama,  Major  [Lieutenant-Colonel]  L.  H.  Hill. 

Johnston  s  Brigade,  id) 

Fifth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  T.  M.  Garrett. 
Twelfth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  H.  E.  Coleman. 
Twentieth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  T.  F.  Toon. 
Twenty-third  North  Carolina,  Major  C.  C.  Blacknall. 

THIRD  ARMY  CORPS. 

Lieutenant-General  a.  p.  Hill  Commanding. 

mahone's  division,  {a) 

Sanders's  Brigade. 

Eighth  Alabama,  Colonel  Y.  L.  Royston. 

Ninth  Alabama,  Colonel  J.  H.  King. 

Tenth  Alabama,  Colonel  W.  H.  Forney. 

Eleventh  Alabama,  Lieutenant-Colonel  G.  E.  Tayloe. 

Fourteenth  Alabama,  Colonel  L.  Pinckard. 

Harris's  Brigade,  {b) 
Colonel  Joseph  M.  Jayne. 
Twelfth  Mississippi,  Captain  S.  Potters. 
Sixteenth  Mississippi,  Captain  John  S.  Lewis. 
Nineteenth  Mississippi,  Colonel  R.  W.  Phipps. 
Forty-eighth    Mississippi,    Lieutenant-Colonel    Thomas    B. 
Manlove. 

Mahoiics  Brigade. 

Sixth  Virginia,  Colonel  G.  T.  Rogers. 
Twelfth  Virginia,  Colonel  D.  A.  Weisiger. 
Sixteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  Joseph  H.  Ham. 


(d)  hi  Ramseur's  division. 

(a)  Return  reports  but  one  General  officer  present  for  duty ;  name  not 
indicated. 
{b)  Actual  commanders  given  as  shown  by  inspection  reports. 


14  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Forty-first  Virginia,  Colonel  W.  A.  Parham. 
Sixty  first  Virginia,  Colonel  V.  D.  Groner. 

Wri^hfs  Brigade. 
Second  Georgia  Battalion,  Major  C.  J,  Moffett. 
Tenth  Georgia  Battalion,  Captain  J.  D.  Frederick. 
Third  Georgia,  Colonel  E.  J.  Walker. 
Twenty-second  Georgia,  Colonel  G.  H.  Jones. 
Forty-eighth  Georgia,  Colonel  William  Gibson. 
Sixty-fourth  Georgia,  Major  W.  H.  Weems. 

Fmegan'  s  Brigade. 

Second  Florida,  Major  W.  [R.]  Moore. 
Fifth  Florida,  Colonel  T.  B.  Lamar. 
Eighth  Florida,  Colonel  D.  Lang. 
Ninth  Florida,  Colonel  J.  M.  Martin. 
Tenth  Florida,  Colonel  C.  [F.]  Hopkins. 
Eleventh  Florida,  Colonel  T.  W.  Brevard. 

WILCOX's    DIVISION. 

Major  General  C.  M.  Wilcox. 

Thomas's  Brigade,  {b) 

Colonel  Thomas  J.  Simmons. 

Fourteenth  Georgia,  Major  W.  L.  Goldsmith. 
Thirty-fifth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  H.  McCullohs. 
Forty-fifth  Georgia,  Captain  A.  W.  Gibson. 
Forty-ninth  Georgia,  Colonel  John  T.  Jordan. 
McGowan's  Brigade,  {b) 
Brigadier-General  Samuel  McGowan. 
First  South  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  A.  P.  Butler. 
Twelfth  South  Carolina,  Captain  R,  M.  Kerr. 
Thirteenth  South  Carolina,  Captain  D.  R.  Duncan. 
Fourteenth  South  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Edward  Croft. 
Orr's  Rifles,  Major  J.  T.  Robertson. 
Lane's  Brigade,  (b) 
Brigadier-General  James  H.  Lane. 
Seventh  North  Carolina,  Captain  J.  G.  Harris. 
Eighteenth  North  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  W.  McGill. 
Twenty-eighth  North  Carolina,  Major  S.  N.  Stowe. 

(d)  Actual  commanders  given  as  shown  by  inspection  reports. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.  15 

Thirty-third  North  Carolina,  Captain  W.  J.  Callais. 
Thirty-seventh  North  CaroUna,  Colonel  W.  M.  Barbour. 

Scales's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  Alfred  M.  Scales. 

Thirteenth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  H.  Hyman. 
Sixteenth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  A.  Stowe. 
Twenty-second  North  Carolina,  T.  S.  Gallaway. 
Thirty-fourth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  L.  J.  Lowrance. 
Thirty-eighth,  North  Carolina,  Colonel  John  Ashford. 

heth's  division. (<:) 
Major-General  H.  Heth. 

Davis's  Brigade. 

Second  Mississippi,  Colonel  J.  M.  Stone. 
Eleventh  Mississippi,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  B.  Lowry. 
Twenty-sixth  Mississippi,  Colonel  A.  E.  Reynolds. 
Forty-second  Mississippi,  Lieutenant-Colonel  A.  M.  Nelson. 
First  Confederate  Battalion, 

Cook's  Brigade. 

Fifteenth  North    Carolina,    Lieutenant- Colonel    W.    H.    Yar- 

brough. 
Twenty-seventh  North  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  A.  Gilmer,  Jr. 
Forty-sixth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  L.  Saunders. 
Forty-eighth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  S.  H.  Walkup. 

McRae'  s  Brigade. 

Eleventh  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  J.  Martin. 
Twenty  sixth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  R.  Lane. 
Forty-fourth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  T.  C.  Singeltary. 
Forty-seventh  North  Carolina,  Colonel  G.  H.  Faribault. 
Fifty-second  North  Carolina,  Colonel  M.  A.  Parks. 

Archer's  Brigade. 

First  Tennessee,  Lieutenant-Colonel  N.  J.  George. 
Seventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  A.  Fite. 
Fourteenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  W.  McComb. 
Thirteenth  Alabama,  Lieutenant-Colonel  James  Aiken. 


{c)  Four  Brigadier-Generals  reported  present  for  duty ;  names  not  indi- 
cated. 


16  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Walker's   Brigade. 

Twenty-second  Virginia   Battalion,  Lieutenant-Colonel   E.  P, 

Tayloe. 
Fortieth  Virginia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  A.  S.  Cunningham. 

Forty-seventh  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  M.  Mayo. 

Fifty-fifth  Virginia,  Colonel  W.  S.  Christian. 

Second    Maryland    Battalion,  Lieutenant-Colonel    James    R. 

Herbert. 

Unattached. 

Fifth  Alabama  Battalion. 

CAVALRY   CORPS,  (a) 

Major-General  Wade  Hampton,  Commanding. 

lee's  division,  {b) 

Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee. 

Wickhani' s  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  W.  C.  Wickliam. 

First  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  W.  Carter. 
Second  Virginia,  Colonel  T.  T.  Munford, 
Third  Virginia,  Colonel  T.  H.  Owen. 
Fourth  Virginia,  Colonel  W.  H.  Payne. 

Loynaxs  Brigade. 

Brigadier  General  L.  L.  Lomax 

Fifth  Virginia,  Colonel  H.  Clay  Pate. 
Sixth  Virginia,  Colonel  Julian  Harrison. 
Fifteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  C.  R.  Collins. 

butler's  division. 
Major-General  M.  C.  Butler. 
Dunovant  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Joiin   Dunovant. 
Third  South  Carolina,  [Colonel  C.  J.  Colcock.] 
Fourth  South  Carolina,  [Colonel  B.  H.  Rutledge.] 
Fifth  [Sixth]  South  Carolina,  Colonel  [H.  K.]  Aiken. 


(a)  On  face  of  return  appears  to  iiave  consisted  of  Hampton's,  Fitz.  Lee's 
and  VV.  H.  F.  Lee's  divisions  and  Dearing's  brigade. 
(A)  Reported  as  detached. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.  17 

Yo7ing's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  P.  M.  B.  Young. 
Cobb's  Georgia  Legion,  Colonel  G  J.  Wright, 
Phillips'  Legion,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  W.  Rich. 
Jeff.  Davis  Legion,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  F.  Waring. 

Miller's  Legion, . 

Love's  Legion, . 

Seventh  Georgia,  Major  [E.  C]  Anderson. 

Rosser'  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Thomas  L.  Rosser. 
Seventh  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  H.  Dulany. 
Eleventh  Virginia,  Colonel  O.  R.  Funsten. 
Twelfth  Virginia,  Colonel  A.  W.  Harman. 
Thirty-fifth  Virginia  Battalion,  Lieut. -Colonel  E.  V.  White. 

lee's  division. 

Major-General  W.  H.  F.  Lee. 

Barringer's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Rufus  Barringer. 
First  North  Carolina,  Colonel  W.  H.  Cheek. 
Second  N.  C,  Col.  C.  M.  Andrews  (^  [Col.  W.  P.  Roberts]. 
Fourth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  D.  D.  Ferebee. 
Fifth  North  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  S.  B.  Evans. 

Charnbliss'  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  J.  R.  Chambliss,  Jr. 
Ninth  Virginia,  Colonel  R.  L.  T.  Beale. 
Tenth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  Lucius  Davis. 
Thirteenth  Virginia,  Colonel  J.  C.  Phillips. 

ARTILLERY.(a) 

Brigadier-General  W.  N.  Pendleton  Commanding. 

FIRST    CORPS   artillery. 

Brigadier-General  E.  P.  Alexander,  (a) 
Cabell's  Baitaliofi. 
Colonel    H.  C.  Cabell. 
Manly' s  Battery,  Captain  B.  C.  Manly. 


{c)  On  the  original  of  this  ;  was  killed  June  23,  1864. 

{a)  But  one  General  officer  reported  for  duty  in  the  artillery,  and  Alexan- 
der's name  not  on  original. 

2 


18  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

First  Company  Richmond  Howitzers,  Capt.  R,  M.  Anderson. 
Carlton's  Battery,  Captain  H.  H.  Carlton. 
Callaway's  Battery,  First  Lieutenant  M.  Callaway. 

HaskeWs  Battalion. 

Major  J.  C.  Haskell. 
Branch's  Battery,  Captain  [H.  G.]  Flanner. 
Nelson's  Battery,  Lieutenant  [W.  B.J  Stanfield. 
Garden's  Battery,  Captain  [H.  R.]  Garden. 
Rowan  Battery,  Lieutenant  [Ezekiel]  Myers. 

Huger's   Battalion. 

Major  F.  Huger. 
Smith's  Battery,  Captain  [John  D.]  Smith. 
Moody's  Battery,  Lieutenant  [G.]  Poindexter. 
Woollolk's  Battery,  Lieutenant  [James]  Woolfolk. 
Parker's  Battery,  Captain  [W.  W.]  Parker. 
Taylor's  Battery,  Captain  [O.  B.]  Taylor. 
Fickling's  Battery,  Captain  [W.  W.]  Fickling. 
Martin's  Battery,  Captain Martin. 

Gibhcss   Battalion. 

[Major  Wade  H.]  Gibbes. 
Davidson's  Battery,  Lieutenant  [J.  H.]  Chamberlayne. 
Dickenson's  Battery,  Captain  [C]  Dickenson. 
Otey's  Battery,  Captain  [D.  N.]  Walker. 

SECOND    CORPS    ARTILLERY. 

Brigadier- General  A.  L.  Long. 
Braxton's  Battalio?i. 
Major  Carter  M.  Braxton. 
Lee  Battery,  Lieutenant  W.  W.  Hardwicke. 
First  Maryland  Artillery,  Captain  W.  F.  Dement. 
Stafford  Artillery,  Captain  W.  T.  Cooper. 
Alleghany  Artillery,  Captain  J.  C  Carpenter. 

Carter's  Battalion. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  Thomas  H.  Carter. 
Morris  Artillery,  Captain  S.  H.  Pendleton. 
Orange  Artillery,  Captain  C.  W.  Fry. 


Organization  of  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.  19 

King  William  Artillery,  Captain  William  P.  Carter. 
Jeff.  Davis  Artillery,  Captain  W.  J.  Reese. 

Cutshaw' s  Battalion. 
Major   [W.  E.]   Cutshaw. 

Charlottesville  Artillery,  Captain  J.  McD.  Carrington. 
Staunton  Artillery,  Captain  A.  W.  Garber. 
Courtney  Artillery,  Captain  W.  A.  Tanner. 

Nelson's  Battalio7i. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  [William]  Nelson. 
Amherst  Artillery,  Captain  T.  J.  Kirkpatrick. 
Milledge  Artillery,  Captain  John  Milledge. 
Fluvanna  Artillery,  Captain  J.  L.  Massie. 

Brown' s  Battalion. 
Colonel  J   T.  Brown. 

Powhatan  Artillery,  Captain  W.  J.  Dance. 

Second  Company  Richmond  Howitzers,  Captain  L.  F.  Jones. 

Third  Company  Richmond  Howitzers,  Captain  B.  H.  Smith,  Jr. 

Rockbridge  Artillery,  Captain  A.  Graham. 

Salem  Flying  Artillery,  Captain  C.  B.  Griffin. 

THIRD    CORPS    ARTILLERY. 

Colonel  R.  L.  Walker. 

Cults' s  Battalio7i. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  A.  S.  Cutts. 

Ross's  Battery,  Captain  H.  M.  Ross. 
Patterson's  Battery,  Captain  G.  M.  Patterson. 
Irwin  Artillery,  Captain  J.  T.  Wingfield. 

Mcintosh's  Baitalio7i. 
Lieutenant-Colonel  D.  G.  Mcintosh. 

Johnson's  Battery,  Captain  [V.  J.  Clutter.] 
Hardaway  Artillery,  Captain  W.  B.  Hurt. 
Danville  Artillery,  Captain  R.  S.  Rice. 
Second  Rockbridge  Artillery,  Captain  L.  Donald. 


20  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Richardson' s  Battalion. 
Lieutenant-Colonel  C.  Richardson. 
Lewis  Artillery,  Captain  N.  Penick. 
Donaldsonville  Artillery,  Captain  V.  Maurin. 
Norfolk  Light  Artillery,  Captain  C.  R.  Grandy. 
Huger  Artillery,  Captain  J.  D.  Moore. 

PegranCs  Battalion. 
Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  J.  Pegrani. 
Pee  Dee  Artillery,  [Captain  E.  B.  Brunson]. 
Fredericksburg  Artillery,  Captain  E.  A.  Marye. 
Letcher  Artillery,  Captain  T.  A.  Brander. 
Purcell  Battery,  [Captain  Geo.  M.  Cayce]. 
Crenshaw's  Battery,  Captain  T.  EUett. 

Poague's  Battalion. 
Lieutenant-Colonel  W.  T.  Poague. 
Madison  Artillery,  [Captain  T.  J.  Richards]. 
Albemarle  Artillery,  Captain  J.  W.  Wyatt. 
Brooke  Artillery,  Captain  A.  W.  Utterback. 
Charlotte  Artillery,  Captain Williams. 


A  Northern  Opinion  of  Grant's  Generalship. 

[The  following  able  criticism  of  General  Grant's  claim  to  great 
generalship  was  published  in  the  New  York  Tribune  last  summer, 
and  is  worth  preserving  as  the  well  digested  opinion  of  one  who 
seems  to  have  risen  above  the  prejudices  of  the  hour  and  to  have 
written,  to  some  extent  at  least,  in  the  calm  spirit  of  the  true  military 
critic.  We  do  not,  of  course,  endorse  all  of  this  writer's  statements 
and  conclusions,  but  that  his  estimate  of  Grant  will  be  that  of  the 
future  historian  there  can  be  but  little  doubt.] 

To  the  Editor  of  the  Tribune  : 

Sir, — The  attitude  in  which  General  Grant  has  so  long 
been  posed  before  the  world  is  likely  to  receive  a  severe  blow  from 
the  publication  of  General  Humphreys's  last  volume  of  "  The  Cam- 
paigns of  the  Civil  War,"  of  which  the  Tribune  contained  a  review 


A  Northern  Opinion  of  Grant's  Generalship.  21 

yesterday.  Most  people  who  read  General  Humphreys's  book  will 
be  satisfied,  from  its  frankness  of  tone,  clearness,  and  accuracy  of 
detail,  that  he  has  reached  somewhere  near  the  truth  of  his  subject. 
His  statements  are  indeed  tacitly  admitted  by  other  writers  on  the 
last  year  of  the  war  in  Virginia,  but  have  been  either  clouded  over 
or  not  brought  forward  to  the  importance  they  properly  deserve. 
Neither  do  I  understand  that  he  reflects  on  the  mistakes  and  failures 
of  the  Union  General  with  the  severity  he  well  might  employ,  but 
leaves  the  reader  to  draw  an  evident  conclusion  for  himself 

Colonel  Hambley,  of  the  British  army,  in  his  great  work  on  the 
Art  of  War,  a  work  which  I  have  never  seen  seriously  questioned, 
speaks  of  General  Grant  as  one  ''  who  was  successful  on  a  moderate 
terrain  like  Vicksburg,  but  whose  Virginia  campaign  was  a  failure,"  and 
elsewhere  of  "  Grant's  useless  sacrifice  of  ten  thousand  men  at  Cold 
Harbor."  This  judgment  is  tacitly  supported  in  General  Humphreys's 
book  by  what  would  seem  to  be  a  column  of  indisputable  facts.  I 
understand  from  him  that  General  Grant  was  at  least  seven  times  con- 
spicuously and  with  enormous  loss  defeated  by  General  Lee  before 
the  exhaustion  of  his  war  materials  and  the  universal  collapse  of  the 
Confederacy  compelled  the  latter  to  surrender.  These  were  not  re- 
ported as  defeats  in  the  bulletins  of  the  day,  and  some  of  them  were 
even  supposed  to  be  victories,  as  in  the  case  of  Hancock's  magnifi- 
cent attempt  to  break  through  Lee's  centre  at  Spotsylvania  Court- 
house ;  but  they  were  defeats  nevertheless.  When  a  commander 
assumes  the  offensive  and  is  repulsed  by  the  enemy  with  severe  loss,  it 
is  a  defeat  for  him  and  a  victory  for  his  antagonist,  although  it  may  not 
be  a  decisive  one.  Many  things  conspired  to  prevent  General  Lee's 
victories  from  being  decisive :  The  overwhelming  superiority  of  the 
Union  army  in  numbers  and  munitions  of  war,  his  own  lack  of  abso- 
lutely necessary  war  material — for  which  we  can  thank  the  blockade — 
the  determined  bravery  of  the  Union  forces,  and  the  lack  of  an  able 
coadjutor  like  Stonewall  Jackson.  One  can  well  believe  that  had 
Jackson  lived  a  year  longer  Grant  would  not  only  have  been  defeated, 
but,  as  a  consequence  of  his  stubborn  adhesion  to  a  single  military 
idea,  pretty  nearly  destroyed.  Grant  possessed  an  advantage  over 
all  his  predecessors  in  Virginia,  that  he  never  was  forced  to  contend 
with  Jackson.  With  Jackson  taken  from  one  side  and  Sheridan  added 
to  the  other,  it  ought  not  to  have  been  so  difficult  to  get  the  better  of 
Lee.  As  it  happened,  Sheridan's  brilliant  victory  at  Cedar  Run,  a 
battle  gained  with  equal  forces  and  the  most  decisive  ever  fought  in 
Virginia,  was  all  that  saved  us  at  that  period.  The  dry  truth  of  it  is 
that  Grant  lost  more  battles  in  Virginia  than  he  ever  won  elsewhere. 


22  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

General  Grant's  tactics  evidently  succeeded  in  the  West  on  account 
of  their  simplicity.  They  were  not  too  good  for  the  then  undis- 
ciplined forces  which  he  commanded.  He  said  to  General  Sherman, 
I  think  it  was  after  the  capture  of  Fort  Donelson  (I  may  not  give  his 
exact  words):  "I  notice  at  a  certain  point  in  our  battles  that  both 
sides  are  defeated,  but  if  we  only  hold  on  a  little  after  that  we  whip 
them  awfully."  There  can  be  no  question  as  to  Grant's  fine  qualities 
as  a  soldier.  The  man  who  could  make  such  an  observation  and  act 
upon  it  with  coolness  and  decision  was  born  for  the  battle-field;  to 
possess  those  qualities  of  mind  which  constitute  the  great  strategist 
and  tactician — in  short,  the  qualities  of  a  great  General — is  an  entirely 
different  thing.  In  the  tenacity  with  which  Grant  followed  out  a 
determination  once  fixed  in  his  mind,  perhaps  no  man  has  ever  sur- 
passed him;  but  it  was  an  expensive  virtue  for  his  soldiers,  as  the 
hundred  thousand  men  he  lost  in  Virginia  are  a  witness.  Whether 
he  should  have  been  removed  after  Cold  Harbor,  a  disastrous  blunder 
only  equalled  by  Burnside's  at  Fredericksburg,  is  a  difficult  matter  to 
determine.  If  he  had  been,  the  final  result  would  not  have  differed 
much  in  all  probability. 

Yet  this  man,  who  happened  to  receive  the  surrendered  sword  of 
Lee,  became  on  that  account  the  supposed  hero  of  the  war;  received 
the  credit  of  haying  suppressed  the  Confederacy ;  without  education 
for  or  experience  in  civil  affairs  was  made  President  for  eight  years; 
and  finally  was  carried  around  the  earth  and  exhibited  to  the  nations 
as  the  greatest  prodigy  of  the  age.  The  people  in  their  exuberant 
joy  at  the  return  of  peace  wished  for  a  hero  to  whom  they  could  pay 
homage,  and,  Lincoln  being  dead,  seized  upon  Grant  as  the  nearest 
object.  Happier  for  him  and  for  them  had  he  been  allowed  to  con- 
tinue, like  Sherman  and  Sheridan,  quietly  at  his  post  of  duty. 
America  does  not  require  celebrities  of  a  false  lustre  to  satisfy  her 
pride.     "There  are  others  who  are  deserving,"  as  Mr.  Emerson  said. 

F.  P.  S. 
College  Hill,  Mass.,  July  4,  i88j. 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law. 
RETREAT     FROM    CORINTH. 

May  20th,  1862. — Received  orders  to  cook  five  days'  rations,  and 
prepare  to  march.  The  general  impression  is  that  we  are  going  out  to 
join  battle  with  the  enemy.     The  Rev.   Dr.  Palmer  delivered  an  elo- 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law.  23 

quent  and  soul-stirring  address  to  our  brigade,  and  concluded  with  a 
fervent  prayer  for  the  safety  of  our  army,  and  the  success  of  our  right- 
eous cause.  The  scene  was  grandly  inspiring.  Thousands  of  soldiers 
stood  with  uncovered  heads  while  the  eloquent  divine  lifted  up  his 
voice  to  heaven  for  our  protection,  and  when  he  read  the  infamous 
proclamation  of  General  Butler  not  a  word  was  spoken,  but  the  firm, 
resolute  look,  the  compressed  lip,  and  flashing  eye  of  every  soldier, 
said  plainer  than  words  could  say,  that  the  insolent  invaders  of  our 
sacred  soil  should  never  cross  our  intrenchments  without  walking 
over  the  dead  bodies  of  sixty  thousand  determined  and  indignant 
men. 

I  record  the  infamous  proclamation  : 

"As  officers  and  soldiers  of  the  United  States  have  been  subjected 
to  repeated  insults  from  women,  calling  themselves  ladies  of  New 
Orleans,  in  return  for  the  most  scrupulous,  non-interference  and  cour- 
tesy on  our  part,  it  is  ordered,  that  hereafter,  when  any  female  shall 
by  word,  gesture,  or  movement,  insult,  or  show  contempt  to  any  offi- 
cer, or  soldier  of  the  United  States,  she  shall  be  regarded  and  be  held 
liable  to  be  treated  as  a  woman  of  the  town  plying  her  avocation." 

Oh  !  monster  of  iniquity.  How  long  shall  our  mothers  and  sisters 
be  subjected  to  the  insults  of  the  barbarian  hordes  of  the  North? 
The  Southern  heart  is  fired,  and  we  will  go  forth  baring  our  breasts 
to  the  steel  of  the  foe,  and  never,  no  never  return  to  our  homes  until 
the  insolent  invader  is  driven  from  our  soil ;  our  fair  cities  rid  of  his 
polluting  presence,  and  the  honor  of  the  daughters  of  the  South  vin- 
dicated. General  Polk  said  that  we  would  go  into  battle  with  this 
motto:  "Our  mothers,  our  sisters,  our  daughters,  our  wives,  our 
country  and  our  God." 

May  2ist. — The  regiment  marched  out  to  the  Bridge's  House  this 
evening  for  picket  duty.  We  carried  with  us  two  days'  rations,  and 
left  three  in  the  wagons.  We  also  carried  with  us  two  tents.  We 
had  reached  our  camping-ground,  and  were  in  the  act  of  pitching 
tents  when  an  order  came  to  send  everything  back  to  camp  that  we 
could  not  march  with.  This  indicated  a  forward  movement,  and  to- 
morrow we  may  expect  to  see  the  Yankees,  and  may  the  Lord  have 
mercy  on  their  souls. 

May  22nd. — The  army  marched  out  of  the  entrenchments  this 
morning  to  attack  the  enemy.  Our  brigade,  under  General  Donel- 
son,  moved  out  two  miles  and  formed  a  line  of  battle ;  but  for  some 
reason  the  attack  was  not  made,  and  we  returned  to  camp  to  await 
further  orders. 


24  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Sunday,  May  25th. — On  picket.  Guard  duty  is  very  heavy.  Our 
company  only  report  twenty-eight  men  for  duty,  and  the  detail  for 
guard  to-day  is  fifteen.  The  army  again  moved  out  this  evening,  but 
in  a  short  time  returned.  Sharp  skirmishing  continues  along  the 
lines.  Why  does  not  Beauregard  move  upon  Halleck  ?  We  would 
drive  him  into  the  Tennessee  river  at  the  point  of  the  bayonet.  Our 
movements  are  tantalizing. 

May  26th. — The  regiment  received  orders  to  burn  all  extra  bag- 
gage, and  allow  only  four  tents  to  a  company.  What  does  it  mean? 
Surely  we  are  not  going  to  retreat  from  Corinth  ?  We  were  also 
ordered  to  cook  two  days'  rations.  We  moved  out  about  one  mile  in 
advance  of  the  breastworks,  where  the  "  Maynard  Rifles "  were 
thrown  forward  as  sharp-shooters.  We  are  on  duty  for  twenty-four 
hours  without  relief.  An  old  field  separates  us  from  the  Yankee 
sharp-shooters,  and  we  are  exchanging  shots  rapidly. 

May  2^1/1. — Twelve  o'clock.  Half  of  the  day  has  gone,  and  I  am 
as  yet  unharmed  by  a  Yankee  bullet.  Balls  buzz  like  mosquitoes  about 
my  ears  whenever  I  raise  my  head  to  see  what  the  Yankees  are  about. 
Our  position  is  rather  uncomfortable,  but  it  is  the  post  of  duty. 
Night.  The  long  day  has  come  to  an  end,  and  we  are  all  safe. 
Again  I  have  to  thank  our  Heavenly  Father  for  throwing  around  me 
the  shield  of  His  protection.  For  twenty-four  hours  we  have  been 
under  a  constant  fire.  All  through  the  night  and  all  through  the  day 
the  sharp  crack  of  the  rifle  has  resounded  along  the  lines  of  the  bel- 
ligerents, and  death-dealing  bullets  have  been  aimed  at  human  tar- 
gets ;  and  yet  v/e  are  all  here  to  answer  to  roll- call. 

May  28th. — The  enemy  attacked  us  on  the  left  with  artillery  about 
seven  o'clock  this  morning,  shelling  our  brigade  {Donelson's\  which 
was  posted  in  line  of  battle  about  one  mile  in  front  of  the  breast- 
works. As  we  had  no  artillery,  we  were  compelled  to  retire ;  but, 
receiving  re-inforcements  and  a  battery,  advanced,  and  regained  our 
former  position,  and  held  it  during  the  day.  The  shot  and  shell  fell 
thick  and  fast  around  us ;  the  solid  shot  tearing  up  the  ground  at  our 
feet,  and  the  shell  bursting  over  our  heads,  in  front  of  us,  and  behind 
us.  The  fighting  was  severe  on  the  right,  where  Price  and  Van  Dorn 
drove  the  enemy  back  to  their  entrenchments.  Our  tents  and  bag- 
gage were  all  sent  off  to-day,  and  the  general  impression  is  that  we 
are  about  to  evacuate  Corinth. 

May  2gth. — All  quiet  on  the  left.  Heavy  cannonading  on  the 
right  all  day.  It  is  now  sunset,  and  we  are  under  orders  to  march  in 
thirty  minutes. 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law.  25 

May  joth. — Corinth  was  evacuated  last  night.  We  left  there  at 
eleven  o'clock,  and  marched  all  night  and  all  day,  resting  a  few  hours 
this  morning.  We  are  now  encamped  on  the  banks  of  a  small 
stream,  about  twelve  miles  from  Corinth.  At  Kossuth,  Joe  Park  and 
I  stopped  at  the  house  of  a  Georgia  woman,  and  got  a  dinner  of  corn- 
bread  and  buttermilk.  I  charged  Joe  with  drinking  six  glasses  of 
milk ;  Joe  brought  the  same  charge  against  me  ;  the  woman  charged 
us  both.  We  settled  with  the  good  woman,  and  our  mutual  charges 
vanished  in  smoke,  as  we  went  on  our  way  rejoicing,  and  whiffed  our 
cares  away.  It  is  a  great  relief  to  breathe  the  fresh,  pure  atmosphere 
of  the  country  after  living  so  long  in  the  infected  camp  of  Corinth. 
We  do  not  relish  the  idea  of  turning  our  backs  upon  the  enemy ;  but 
we  must  have  confidence  in  our  General,  and  believe  that  he  is  exe- 
cuting a  strategical  movement. 

May  jTsi. — Left  camp  late  this  morning,  after  a  long  rest.  Marched 
eight  miles,  and  bivouacked  on  the  banks  of  a  small  stream  about 
twenty  miles  from  Corinth.  Our  rations  gave  out,  and  we  had  no 
breakfast ;  but  we  sent  our  cook,  "  Uncle  Tom,"  ahead,  and  the  old 
darkey  met  us  on  the  road  with  some  corn  bread.  After  we  halted, 
rations  of  flour,  sugar,  molasses  and  beef  were  issued.  But  we  had 
no  cooking  utensils,  and  were  obliged  to  resort  to  boards  and  bark  in 
lieu  of  ovens  and  skillets.  We  broiled  the  beef  on  sticks.  It  was 
really  amusing  to  see  the  improvised  cooking  utensils.  Some  would 
cover  a  stick  with  dough,  and  hold  it  over  the  fire  until  it  was  baked. 
Others  would  spread  the  dough  on  a  piece  of  bark  ;  and  so,  with  the 
help  of  boards,  bark,  and  sticks,  we  managed  to  get  up  a  respectable 
feast.  General  Cheatham  acted  in  the  capacity  of  butcher,  shooting 
the  beeves  with  his  pistol.  About  dark  "  Bob  "  came  in  with  mutton 
and  corn-bread,  on  which  we  supped  heartily;  and,  lighting  my  last 
cigar,  I  sat  down  on  a  log  to  whiff  my  cares  away  and  think  of  the 
loved  ones  at  home. 

Ju7ie  ist. — Marched  fifteen  miles.  Left  our  bivouac  at  three 
o'clock  A.  M.  and  halted  at  two  P.  M.  Here  we  came  up  with  our 
wagons,  and  got  our  cooking  utensils.  Rye  was  issued,  and  I  enjoyed 
a  cup  of  rye  coffee. 

June  5th. — For  the  past  few  days  rumors  have  been  afloat  in  camp 
of  a  great  battle  in  Virginia.  This  morning  the  news  was  confirmed. 
We  gained  a  great  victory  near  Richmond.  President  Davis  and 
General  Lee  were  on  the  field,  and  greatly  encouraged  the  troops  by 
their  presence.  General  Jackson  routed  Banks,  and  is  said  to  be 
approaching  Washington.  The  Marylanders  are  flocking  to  his 
standard  by  the  thousands.     It  is  also  reported  that  General  Beaure- 


26  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

gard  has  been  advised  of  the  intervention  of  France  and  England  in 
American  affairs.     This  is  news  enough  for  one  day. 

Jioie  yth. — Resumed  our  march  to-day.  Left  camp  at  two  o'clock 
P.  M.,  and  halted  at  sunset.  Marched  about  ten  miles.  Suffered 
more  fatigue  than  on  any  previous  march. 

Sunday  Ju7ie  8th. — Left  camp  this  morning  at  three  o'clock,  and 
halted  at  nine,  having  reached  our  destination.  We  are  encamped  in 
a  beautiful  grove  of  young  oaks;  a  fine  spring  of  clear  water  is  close 
at  hand,  and  we  are  all  pleased  with  our  location.  Although  greatly 
fatigued,  I  was  detailed  for  fatigue  duty,  and  worked  all  the  morn- 
ing, cleaning  up  the  camp-ground.  Mr.  Chrisp,  McKnight,  Hill  and 
I  started  out  in  the  afternoon  in  search  of  a  supper.  About  one  mile 
and  a  half  from  camp  we  came  up  to  a  neat  little  cottage.  It  proved 
to  be  the  residence  of  a  minister.  We  were  kindly  received,  and 
after  resting  an  hour  or  so  were  invited  into  a  real  home  supper.  The 
table  was  spread  with  rich  egg-bread,  fried  ham,  and  pure  coffee  with 
cream  and  sugar.  We  paid  the  good  woman  for  her  trouble,  and 
returned  to  camp  refreshed  in  body  and  soul. 

June  gth. — My  friend  Pinckney  Latham  called  to  see  me  this  morn- 
ing, and  we  spent  the  afternoon  sitting  on  an  old  bench  near  a  country 
church  talking  about  the  good  old  times  when  we  played  marbles 
together.  While  we  were  thus  pleasantly  engaged,  an  ambulance 
came  up,  and  we  were  requested  by  the  driver  to  assist  him  in  lifting 
out  the  corpse  of  a  soldier  who  had  died  on  the  march.  The  poor 
fellow  was  a  Mississippi  volunteer  and  far  away  from  friends  and  home, 
he  was  rudely  buried  in  the  little  country  church-yard;  and  a  board 
with  his  name  roughly  inscribed  on  its  unpolished  surface  marks  his 
resting  place.  If  his  name  is  written  in  the  Lamb's  Book  of  Life,  it 
is  a  small  matter  whether  it  be  inscribed  here  on  a  rough  board  or 
on  a  polished  marble  shaft. 

June  loth. — Reveille  this  morning  at  two  o'clock.  Broke  camp 
and  resumed  our  march.  Halted  at  one  o'clock,  worn  out  with  a 
tiresome  march  of  eighteen  miles  over  a  hot  dusty  road.  We  are 
encamped  about  four  miles  from  Tupelo. 

Sunday  June  i^th. — The  day  has  been  oppressively  warm.  Dr. 
Erskine,  Major  Bulkley,  Frank  Gowan  and  Bob  Wright  called  to  see 
me  this  morning.  Spent  the  afternoon  strolling  through  the  woods 
and  fields,  meditating,  and  eating  blackberries. 

Jtcne  i6th. — Spent  the  day  playing  chess  with  Dr.  Erskine.  Re- 
ceived a  letter  from  home,  written  since  the  Federals  have  occupied 
Memphis 

June  ijth. — Hartsfield  and  I  are  on  guard  to-day  at  General  Polk's 


Diarg  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law.  27 

headquarters.  The  old  154th  was  to-day  transferred  to  the  brigade 
of  General  Preston  Smith. 

June  2ist. — Our  tents  arrived  from  Okalona,  and  I  will  sleep  under 
shelter  to-night  for  the  first  time  in  a  month.  Graybacks  have  in- 
vaded our  camp  and  are  hard  to  repel.  Mr.  Chrisp  was  complaining 
of  the  invaders  when  Spivey  claimed  exemption  from  the  common 
scourge.  It  was  too  much  for  the  old  gentleman,  and  bristling  up,  he 
gave  Spivey  a  piece  of  his  mind.  "Spivey,"  he  said,  "  if  there  is  a 
soldier  in  this  army  who  is  not  troubled  with  these  pestilent  camp- 
followers,  there  is  something  about  that  man  that  graybacks  don't 
like,  and  that  is  all  that  I  have  to  say  about  it."  I  think  if  Mr. 
Chrisp  had  the  privilege  of  amending  the  book  of  prayer  used  in  the 
Episcopal  Church,  he  would  have  this  clause  inserted:  "From  gray- 
backs and  all  kindred  species,  good  Lord,  deliver  us."  and  Spivey 
would  say,  Amen. 

Jtily  1st. — This  has  been  a  delightful  day.  We  were  visited  by  a 
refreshing  shower  this  morning  which  cooled  the  atmosphere,  and 
revived  the  life  of  the  camp.  For  several  days  past  the  air  has  been 
full  of  rumors  of  a  great  battle  in  Virginia,  in  which  McClellan  was 
signally  defeated.  Last  night  after  we  had  all  retired  to  our  soldier 
couches,  we  were  called  up  to  hear  a  dispatch  from  General  Ran- 
dolph, Secretary  of  War,  announcing  a  glorious  victory  for  our  arms. 
The  battle  commenced  on  Friday,  and  after  two  days'  desperate  fight- 
ing, the  enemy  abandoned  their  camp,  and  fled.  They  recrossed  the 
Chickahominy  for  the  purpose  of  getting  under  the  protection  of 
their  gunboats  on  the  James  river.  Latest  reports  represent  our 
army  in  hot  pursuit  of  the  retreating  toe,  and  capturing  many  thou- 
sands of  prisoners.  I  have  been  suffering  for  several  days  from  an 
attack  of  acute  rheumatism,  but  the  good  news  puts  me  on  my  feet 
again. 

July  ^th. — The  Fourth  of  July,  1862,  has  passed  unobserved  and 
almost  unknown.  The  principles  for  which  our  forefathers  contended 
have  been  trampled  beneath  the  feet  of  their  unworthy  descendents  of 
the  North,  and  we,  their  sons  of  the  South  are  fighting  their  battles 
over  again.  No  booming  of  cannon  is  heard,  unless  it  be  in  Virginia, 
the  mother  of  statesmen,  where  the  last  scenes  of  one  of  the  bloodiest 
tradegies  ever  enacted  on  the  American  Continent  are  about  closing. 
The  curtain  will  drop,  and  the  victorious  army  of  the  South  will 
prove  to  the  North,  and  to  the  World,  that  a  people  determined  to  be 
free  can  never  be  conquered.  When  our  independence  is  achieved, 
then  we  will  celebrate  our  independence  day.     I  am  on  guard  at  Gen- 


28  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

eral  Polk's  spring.  Have  spent  the  day  reading  "  Georgia  Scenes." 
July  §th. — This  has  been  a  day  of  rejoicing  in  camp.  The  deep- 
booming  of  cannon,  the  enthusiastic  cheering  of  the  troops,  and  the 
martial  music  of  our  regimental  bands  mingle  together  in  a  flood  of 
harmony.  The  firing  of  cannon  was  by  order  of  General  Bragg  in 
honor  of  our  great  victory  in  Virginia.  Latest  dispatches  announce 
that  we  have  captured  two  Major-Generals,  four  Brigadier-Generals, 
over  seven  thousand  prisoners,  seventy-five  pieces  of  artillery,  fifteen 
thousand  stand  of  small  arms,  and  that  McClellan  and  the  remnant 
of  his  army  are  surrounded  by  our  forces,  and  would  be  compelled 
to  capitulate.  General  Bragg's  proclamation  to  the  troops  on  as- 
suming command  of  the  army  was  read  out  on  dress-parade  this 
evening.     Three  cheers  for  our  brave  boys  in  Virginia. 


Flag  Presentation  to  the  Washington  Artillery. 

[On  Monday,  May  the  28th,  1883,  the  famous  old  Washington 
Artillery  had  their  annual  re-union  and  banquet  at  their  armory,  in 
New  Orleans. 

We  regret  that  the  crowded  condition  of  our  pages  has  prevented 
us  from  giving  an  earlier  notice  of  the  interesting  occasion,  or  giving 
now  any  of  the  details  save  a  condensed  report  of  the  Address  of 
Judge  Roman  in  presenting  to  the  battalion,  on  behalf  of  General 
Beauregard,  a  historic  Confederate  flag.  To  say  that  Colonel  J.  B. 
Richardson  presided  on  the  occasion — that  Colonel  Walton  received 
the  flag — and  that  the  whole  afifair  was  arranged  by  a  well-selected 
committee  of  the  battalion — is  to  give  assurance  that  it  was  a  splen- 
did success.] 

JUDGE   ALFRED    ROMAN'S    ADDRESS 

Judge  Roman,  after  expressing  the  pleasure  with  which  he,  on  the 
part  of  General  Beauregard,  now  absent  from  the  city,  had  been 
chosen  to  speak  to  the  battalion  on  so  interesting  a  mission,  pro- 
ceeded to  speak  of  the  early  events  of  the  war,  when  the  armies  of 
the  North  and  the  South  were  confronting  each  other  on  the  opposite 
banks  of  the  Potomac.  He  spoke  also  of  the  exciting  and  dramatic 
events  of  the  battle  of  Bull  Run  ;  how  the  first  Confederate  flag,  of 
the  stars  and  bars,  was  so  much  like  the  United  States  standard  that 
it  was  impossible,  in  the  confusion  of  battle,  to  distinguish  one  from 
the  other.     So  serious  was  this  difficulty  on  the  first  field  of  Manas- 


Flag  Presentation  to  the  Washington  Artillery.  29 

sas  that  the  timely  appearance  of  the  forces  of  General  Early,  with 
his  brigade  of  Virginia,  Louisiana,  and  Mississippi  troops,  on  the 
extreme  right  flank  of  the  enemy,  thereby  insuring  their  defeat  on 
that  historic  day,  had  well-nigh  caused  ruin  to  the  Confederates, 
because  Early's  troops  were  supposed  to  be  a  part  of  the  enemy's 
forces,  and  it  was  with  difficulty  that  they  could  be  distinguished  by 
their  flag. 

After  this  graphic  and  brilliant  introduction,  which  want  of  space 
has  here  required  to  be  curtailed,  the  eloquent  speaker  continued  as 
follows : 

General  Beauregard  had  determined  that  no  troops  of  his  command 
would  again  be  exposed  to  such  a  mistake,  and  he  did  all  in  his  power 
to  accomplish  that  end,  General  Johnston,  as  the  Commander  in- 
Chief  of  our  united  forces,  greatly  assisting  him  in  his  efforts.  Gen- 
eral Beauregard  first  endeavored,  through  Colonel  Miles,  of  South 
Carolina,  chairman  of  the  House  Military  Committee  in  the  Confed- 
erate Congress,  to  have  our  national  flag  entirely  changed.  Failing 
in  this  he  proposed  a  battle  flag  different  in  every  respect  to  any  State 
or  Federal  flag  hitherto  used.  Finally  the  three  senior  Generals,  at 
Fairfax  Courthouse — Generals  Johnston,  Beauregard  and  G.  W. 
Smith — met  in  conference  in  the  latter  part  of  September,  and  after 
examining  many  designs — for  many  had  been  sent — "  one  of  several 
presented  by  General  Beauregard,"  says  General  Johnston,  "was 
selected.  I  modified  it,"  he  continues,  "  only  by  making  the  shape 
square  instead  of  oblong,  and  prescribed  the  different  sizes  for  in- 
fantry, artillery  and  cavalry." 

Such  was  the  origin  of  the  batde-flag  of  the  Army  of  the  Potomac, 
as  it  was  first  called,  which  soon  became  the  rallying  emblem  of  every 
Confederate  soldier,  whatever  the,  army  he  served  in,  and  following 
which  he  showed  on  many  a  bloody  field,  from  and  after  Manassas  to 
the  battle  of  Bentonville,  the  last  of  the  war,  that  numbers  did  not 
always  stand  in  the  way  of  victory. 

Its  field  was  red  or  crimson,  its  bars  blue  with  a  narrow  white  fillet 
separating  the  red  from  the  blue.  On  the  bars,  which  formed  a 
Greek  cross,  were  stars,  white  or  gold,  equal  in  number  to  the  States 
in  the  Confederacy.  Its  size  was  four  feet  by  four  for  infantry,  three 
feet  by  three  for  artillery,  two  feet  and  a  half  by  two  and  a  half  for 
cavalry.  This  design,  by  a  very  singular  coincidence,  had  been  de- 
vised by  Colonel  Miles,  of  South  Carolina,  and  offered  to  Congress 
as  the  Confederate  flag  as  early  as  March,  1861.     It  had  likewise  been 


30  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

executed  by  Mr.  Edward  C.  Hancock,  of  New  Orleans,  at  the  request 
of  Colonel  J.  B.  Walton,  in  April  of  the  same  year,  and  it  was,  in 
reality,  the  Hancock-Wallon  design,  if  I  may  call  it  so,  which  was 
proposed  by  General  Beauregard  at  the  conference  just  referred  to, 
and  which,  with  the  modification  decided  upon  by  General  Johnston, 
became  the  renowned  and  glorious  battle-flag  of  our  Southern  armies. 
It  was  finally  merged  in  and  adopted  as  the  union  of  the  regular 
Confederate  colors,  whose  field,  as  we  know,  was  of  pure  white. 
Major  Cabell,  Chief  Quartermaster  of  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  was 
ordered  to  make  the  battle-flags  necessary  for  the  different  branches 
of  the  service,  and  they  were  distributed  to  the  troops  with  appro- 
priate ceremonies,  on  the  28th  of  November,  1861 

Some  weeks  before  that  time,  and  while  the  troops  were  about  to 
be  drawn  back  to  Centreville  for  winter  quarters,  three  Confederate 
battle-flags,  the  first  that  were  made,  according  to  the  design  and  size 
agreed  upon,  were  brought  to  General  Beauregard's  headquarters, 
under  the  special  charge  of  a  young  officer  of  his  command,  who 
bore  with  them  a  touching  note  explaining  their  desired  destination, 
and  expressive  of  the  noble  feelings  actuating  those  from  whose 
hands — no,  those  from  whose  hearts — they  came.  One  of  them  was 
for  General  Johnston,  another  for  General  Beauregard,  the  third  for 
General  Van  Dorn,  then  in  command  of  the  First  Division  of  the 
Army  of  the  Potomac;  and  each  was  labeled  accordingly,  to  prevent 
all  possible  error. 

The  donors  of  these  three  battle-flags  were  among  the  fairest  and 
loveliest  women  of  the  South.  The  women  of  the  South!  How 
beautifully  those  words  sound  to  the  ear!  What  rythmical  grace  is 
contained  in  them !  And  to  us,  especially  to  those  who  wore  the  gray, 
how  emblematic  they  are  of  all  that  is  good,  and  pure,  and  generous 
and  lofty  and  patriotic!  Ah!  surely  we  loved  the  cause  for  the  suc- 
cess of  which  we  pledged  our  fortunes  and  our  lives;  but  would  we 
have  been  so  devoted  to  it,  would  we  have  borne  all  our  sufferings 
so  uncomplainingly,  from  beginning  to  end,  had  not  the  women  of 
the  South  evinced  such  deep,  undying  faith  in  the  principles  it  em- 
bodied? I  dare  not  say.  They  encouraged  those  dearest  to  them 
to  rush  to  the  front,  buckled  on  their  armor  and  blessed  them  with 
their  whole  souls  upon  their  leaving  for  the  field,  knowing,  alas!  that 
many  would  never  return.  They  did  more ;  and  the  noble  services 
they  rendered  in  the  hospitals,  whether  in  camp,  city  or  village,  and 
the  material  assistance  they  gave  to  the  troops  at  such  cost  to  them- 
selves, will  ever  deserve  and  obtain   from   the  Confederate  soldier, 


Flog  Presentation  to  the  Wasliingtoji  Artillery.  31 

wherever  he  may  be,  and  whatever  may  have  been  his  fate,  and 
from  his  children  when  he  will  have  passed  away,  a  most  endeared 
remembrance  and  an  unbounded  gratitude. 

Two  young  ladies  of  Baltimore,  of  uncommon  beauty  and  great 
intellectual  attainments — Miss  Hettie  Carey  and  her  sister.  Miss  Jen- 
nie Carey,  had  been  compelled  to  leave  their  native  State,  Maryland 
by  reason  of  what  was  termed  ^'seditious  sentiments  and  co7iduct;" 
the  plain  meaning  of  which  was  their  outspoken  sympathy  for  the 
South.  After  being  transferred  across  the  lines,  they  made  their 
temporary  home  in  Richmond,  with  a  near  relative.  Miss  Constance 
Carey,  formerly  of  Alexandria,  Va.,  their  equal,  it  appears,  in  every 
respect.  Being  true  women  of  the  South,  and  living  as  they  did  in 
the  Confederate  capital,  they  soon  became  informed  of  the  action 
taken  by  Generals  Johnston  and  Beauregard,  to  procure  a  battle-flag 
for  our  troops.  Their  programme  was  adopted  at  once,  and,  with 
busy  and  skillful  hands,  cutting  up  and  using  their  own  silk  dresses 
for  the  purpose,  they  fashioned  the  three  beautiful  banners  I  have 
described,  which  were  sent  to  the  three  Generals  who  had  most 
attracted  their  admiration.  The  note  accompanying  this  gracious 
gift — note  which  unfortunately  cannot  be  found — was  written  by  Miss 
Hettie  Carey,  whose  fair  and  nimble  fingers  had  made  the  flag 
specially  intended  for  General  Beauregard. 

What  Generals  Johnston  and  Van  Dorn  did  with  their  flag,  I  can- 
not say,  though  I  am  sure  they  valued  them  much;  but  I  know  that 
General  Beauregard,  almost  religiously  preserved  his,  and  looked 
upon  it  somewhat  in  the  light  of  a  relic.  We  have  the  proof  of  it 
before  us  now,  for  here  is  the  identical  flag  given  him  by  Miss  Hettie 
Carey,  afterwards  the  wife  of  General  i-*egram,  the  heroic  Pegram, 
killed  in  battle  around  Petersburg,  at  the  end  of  the  war,  leaving  to 
mourn  his  'dhtimely  death,  besides  near  relatives  and  comrades  in 
arms,  a  widowed  bride  of  scarce  two  weeks'  marriage. 

After  keeping  this  precious  memento  a  short  time  at  his  headquar- 
ters, at  Centreville,  where  it  was  greatly  admired,  and  shown  as  a 
model  for  those  ordered  for  the  army,  General  Beauregard  finally  sent 
it  to  New  Orleans  for  security  and  preservation.  When  our  city  fell, 
in  April,  1862,  that  banner  and  General  Beauregard's  swords  of  honor 
were  conveyed  to  a  French  war  steamer,  then  lying  in  the  port,  and 
taken  to  Havana.  There  they  remained,  under  the  care  of  a  Spanish 
gentleman  known  to  be  in  sympathy  with  the  South,  until  safely  re- 
turned, some  three  years  after  the  close  of  the  struggle. 


32  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

And  now,  officers  and  soldiers  of  the  Washington  Artillery,  in  the 
name  of  General  Beauregard,  under  whose  eyes  you  first  went  under 
fire,  at  Bull  Run  and  Manassas,  and — besides  your  brilliant  achieve- 
ments in  fifty-six  other  battles  and  engagements — under  whom  you 
again  distinguished  yourselves,  on  the  bloody  field  of  Shiloh,  with 
Hodgson,  Slocomb,  McVaught,  Hewes,  and  Chalaron,  and,  later  on, 
at  Drevvry's  Bluff,  with  Eschleman,  W.  M.  Owen,  Richardson,  Hero 
and  Norcum,  I  have  the  honor  to  present  to  you  this  sacred  emblem 
of  Southern  valor  and  patriotism.  Its  colors  are  yet  as  fresh  as  when 
it  received  the  parting  look  of  its  fair  maker.  Its  value  is  enhanced 
by  the  fact  that  the  upper  portion  of  its  staff  is  made  of  a  piece  of  the 
flag-staff  of  Fort  Sumter,  shot  down  by  the  Confederate  gunners,  in 
April,  1861.  Unsullied  though  it  be  by  the  smoke  of  battle,  it  was, 
none  the  less,  born  in  war,  and  the  breeze  first  kissed  it  in  the  tented 
field.  It  is  the  genuine  model  of  the  glorious  flag  around  which  all 
of  us  fought,  and  so  many  of  us  bled,  and  so  many  of  us  fell.  Colonel 
Richardson,  I  now  intrust  it  to  your  hands.  The  Washington  Ar- 
tillery is  worthy  of  it ;  it  is,  in  every  respect,  worthy  of  the  Washing- 
ton Artillery.  General  Beauregard,  who  will  ever  regret  his  enforced 
absence  from  among  you  on  this  occasion,  knows  that  it  will  be  trea- 
sured and  revered  by  you,  and  that  it  will  find  a  fitting  place  among 
the  many  trophies  and  decorations  which  already  adorn  the  walls  of 
your  vast  armory.  He  trusts  that,  in  the  peaceful  years  succeeding 
the  troublous  era,  over  which  we  have  just  cast  a  backward  glance,  it 
will  serve  you  and  those  under  you  as  a  touching  reminder,  not  only 
of  himself,  your  fast  friend  and  former  commander,  but  also  of  her 
from  whose  love  and  devotion  to  a  cause  dear  to  us — then,  now,  and 
I  say  forever — it  originally  came. 


Reminiscences  of  the  Last  Campaign  of  the  Army  of   Tennessee,  from  May, 
1864,    to  January,    1865. 

By  P.  D.  Stkphenson,  Private  Piece  4,  Serjeant   Thomas  C  Allen,  Fifth 
Company  IVashiftgton  Artillery,  Captain  C  H.  Slocomb,  Commandijig. 

Paper   No.  I. 

[Note  rv  the  writer  :  This  is  not  from  a  ''diary"  Early  after 
the  war,  in  June,  1865,  the  writer  sat  down  and  began  to  put  on  pa- 
per, merely  for  his  own  future  satisfaction,  what  was  still  fresh  in  his 
memory  of  that   famous   last   campaign.     What   is  written  is  from  a 


Reminiscences  of  Last  Campaign  Army  of  Tennessee.      3? 

private's  standpoint.  Its  only  merit  is  sincerity.  On  the  principle 
that  everything  may  be  of  use  that  bears  upon  the  war,  it  is  offered 
for  what  it  is  worth.] 

"after  missionary  ridge." 

It  was  whilst  we,  the  shattered  remnants  of  Bragg's  army,  lay  cow- 
ering among  the  hills  of  Dalton,  Ga.,  in  the  winter  of  1863,  that  Gen- 
eral Joseph  E.  Johnston  came  to  us  and  assumed  command. 

He  arrived  on  the  27th  of  December,  and  immediately  bent  all  his 
energies  to  the  almost  superhuman  task  before  him  :  the  task  of  shap- 
ing from  a  starved,  ragged,  ill-used  mob  of  men,  a  disciplined  com- 
mand, which  in  three  months'  time  was  to  be  the  sole  defense,  the 
sole  obstacle,  against  the  mighty  and  splendidly-equipped  army  of 
Sherman. 

I  call  his  task  a  superhuman  one — and  justly  so.  The  calamity 
which  preceded  his  arrival,  and,  indeed,  made  his  presence  necessary, 
was  one  of  the  most  mournful  events  in  our  Confederacy's  mournful 
existence,  and  it  had  a  lasting  influence  on  the  subsequent  fortunes  of 
our  ill-fated  cause.  Following  so  soon  after  the  overwhelming  vic- 
tory of  Chickamauga,  the  defeat  at  Missionary  Ridge  was  an  astound- 
ing revelation  of  bad  management  sorne-wh^re,  and  of  the  rapidity 
with  which  a  fine  army  can  be  demoralized. 

The  battle  of  Chickamauga  was  won  by  hard  fighting.  It  was 
emphatically  a  victory  for  the  men.  But  indifferently  armed  and 
equipped,  with  little  discipline,  they  turned  on  a  pursuing  army,  one- 
third  larger  than  their  own,  carried  their  breastworks,  forced  them 
back  from  their  positions,  and  at  last  put  them  to  an  overwhelming 
rout. 

This  was  the  work  of  men  who  had  just  retreated  one  hundred  and 
eight  miles.  It  seems  strange  that  under  such  depressing  circum- 
stances they  could  have  preserved  so  well  their  morale,  and  so  gal- 
lantly have  done  their  duty.  But  it  is  easily  explained.  Every  vete- 
ran soldier  knows  that  a  well-regulated  retreat  does  not  materially 
affect  the  spirits  of  the  men.  Our  withdrawal  from  Tennessee  was 
such  an  one.  It  was  conducted  quietly  and  systematically.  Al- 
though the  rigors  of  military  law  had  then  little  or  no  existence  in 
our  camp,  and  we,  therefore,  were  not  in  a  high  state  of  discipline, 
yet  our  march  was  an  orderly  one,  and  the  men  were  cheerful  and 
well-disposed.  They  had  many  good  causes  for  being  so.  They 
had  never  known  defeat,  and  although  that  absurd  notion,  that  their 
foes  were  naturally  cowards,  had  long  been  abandoned,  their  expe- 
3 


"34  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

rience  on  several  fields  had  sufficed  to  give  them  just  confidence  in 
their  own  ability.  Their  experience  at  Corinth,  Miss.,  had  amply 
proven  to  them  that  a  retreat  is  not  always  a  disaster,  for  had  they 
not  afterwards  turned  around  and  threatened  Cincinnati  itself? 
"  Who  knows,"  said  they,  "  but  this  falling  back  is  but  the  presage  to 
another  advance  into  Kentucky,  more  glorious  and  more  permanent 
than  the  first  ?"  And,  again,  their  confidence  in  their  leader,  General 
Bragg,  although  not  great,  was  still  sufficient  to  preserve  them  from 
demoralization.  They  knew  that  he  was  a  skillful  officer,  although 
not  a  great  commander.  They  thought  he  was  safe  and  careful,  and 
therefore,  although  not  likely  to  do  great  deeds,  yet  was,  on  the  other 
hand,  not  likely  to  expose  them  to  great  disaster.  All  this  they  felt 
towards  him,  although  he  was  never  personally  popular.  His  men 
never  forgot  his  harshness  at  the  outset  of  his  career,  and  all  his  sub- 
sequent laxity  of  discipline  could  never  wipe  out  the  first  impressions 
of  his  "  tyranny."  But  their  wants  had  in  a  measure  been  supplied. 
Their  rations  were  sufficient,  their  clothing  passable,  they  had  not 
been  through  the  extreme  privations  and  destitutions  which  were  the 
daily  attendants  of  their  subsequent  campaign.  So  they  preserved  a 
hopeful  and  buoyant  disposition,  and  can  be  said  to  have  been  in  as 
high  a  state  of  efficiency  as  a  volunteer  ar.Tiy  could,  under  the  cir- 
cumstances, arrive  at. 

Under  such  encouraging  auspices  did  Bragg  fight  at  Chickamauga. 
He  had  received  large  reinforcements  from  Virginia,  consisting  of  two 
divisions  of  Longstreet's  corps,  and  also  other  accessions  from  differ- 
ent portions  of  the  country.  His  whole  force  was  about  seventy-five 
thousand  men;  but  for  some  reason  not  over  fifty-five  thousand  were 
actually  engaged.  Rosecrans  carried  into  battle  an  army  which 
equalled,  if  it  did  not  exceed,  our  entire  command. 

From  the  unusual  combinations  on  our  side,  it  looks  as  if  our 
leaders  intended  to  verify  the  hopes  of  the  men,  and  after  completely 
annihilating  the  enemy,  to  advance  and  take  permanent  possession  of  : 
Tennessee  and  Kentucky.  The  opportunity  seemed  a  golden  one. 
Rosecrans  had,  in  his  eagerness,  placed  himself  in  the  snare  made 
for  him.  His  forces  were  divided,  and  ours  for  once,  equal  in  num- 
bers to  the  foe,  formed  one  united  and  enthusiastic  band.  The  battle, 
as  has  been  said  already,  was  fought  with  but  a  little  over  two-thirds 
of  our  entire  army,  and  Bragg  had  a  force  of  over  twenty  thousand 
fresh  men,  with  which  to  complete  the  rout.  Why  he  did  not  do  so, 
I  have  not  the  means  of  determining.  He  charged  General  Polk  with 
negligence,  and  the  latter  was  relieved  temporarily  of  his  command. 


Reminiscences  of  Last  Campaigii  Army  of  Tennessee.      35 

Yet  General  Bragg' s  complaint  could  not  have  made  much  impres- 
sion at  Richmond,  for  Polk,  after  remaining  under  suspension  a  few 
days,  was  given  an  even  more  responsible  position  than  he  had  held 
before. 

The  real  cause  of  the  blunder  is  open  to  conjecture.  It  was  gen- 
erally remarked  at  the  time  that  Bragg  did  not  seem  to  know  how 
complete  his  victory  had  been.  The  bold  front  which  Thomas  made 
with  his  single  corps,  had  the  same  effect  on  Bragg  which  General 
Forrest's  conduct  on  a  similar  occasion,  a  year  after,  had  on  himself. 
Many  officers,  it  was  said,  high  in  rank,  were  for  marching  into  Chat- 
anooga,  even  after  a  lapse  of  several  days.  The  reports  of  the  peo- 
ple by  whose  doors  we  passed  in  our  advance  to  Missionary  Ridge, 
confirmed  the  universal  conviction  of  the  complete  demoralization  of 
the  enemy.  Yet  we  contented  ourselves,  with  what  we  had  done, 
and  soon  afterwards,  from  the  heights  of  Missionary  Ridge,  in  the  rap- 
idly increasing  fortifications  of  the  foe,  and  his  daily  reinforcements, 
beheld  the  real  fruits  of  that  contest  grow  more  and  more  impossible 
toobtain._  1192344 

Our  sojourn  on  Missionary  Ridge  was  the  introduction  to  that 
series  of  privations,  which,  imposed,  as  it  seemed  to  us  in  the  ranks, 
by  the  incompetency  and  indifference  of  our  leaders,  did  more  to 
ruin  the  army  than  almost  anything  else. 

General  Bragg,  although  beseiger,  began  to  make  preparations  to 
resist  an  attack.  During  several  days  while  he  was  entrenching,  the 
enemy  was  summoning  all  his  energies  to  strengthen  his  ranks,  and 
it  was  not  long  before  we  heard  of  immense  reinforcements,  pouring 
through  the  mountains  to  the  rescue.  General  U.  S  Grant  was  with 
them  and  they  gave  prompt  notice  to  Bragg  of  their  approach  by 
surprising  his  extreme  left,  and  thereby  opening  a  way  to  Chatta- 
nooga. Their  arrival  swelled  their  numbers  to  over  a  hundred  thou- 
sand men,  and,  combined  with  the  presence  of  their  one  successful 
leader.  Grant,  gave  new  zeal  and  courage  to  the  old  whipped  army 
of  Rosecrans. 

Our  commander  made  but  feeble  attempts  at  entrenchment.,  and 
after  his  enemy  had  made  the  great  accessions  to  his  forces  above  re- 
ferred to.  General  Bragg  detached  Longstreet's  corps  and  hurried  it 
ofit  to  besiege  Knoxville.  Even  the  day  before  the  battle,  our  com- 
mand was  withdrawn  from  our  position  on  the  Ridge  (I  was  then  in 
Cleburne's  command)  and  we  lay  sometime,  irresolutely  at  the  depot, 
waiting,  as  we  supposed,  to  be  sent  to  reinforce  Longstreet. 

Thus,  by  his  own  act,  our  commander  seemed  to  make  his  position 


36  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

untenable.  Had  it  been  held  by  sufficient  numbers,  Missionary 
Ridge  could  never  have  been  stormed.  The  real  cause  and  manner 
of  its  capture  will  appear  hereafter. 

Our  stay  on  "  The  Ridge"  was  attended  with  a  great  deal  of  suf- 
fering. It  was  mid-winter,  and  the  low-grounds  behind  us  (that  fear- 
ful "  Chickamauga  bottom  "),  over  which  ran  our  roads  of  supplies, 
were  nearly  all  the  time  covered  with  water.  "  Corduroy  roads  " 
were  built  for  miles,  yet  every  rain  would  undo  all  our  work  and 
make  it  worse  than  before.  The  weather  was  stormy,  and  the  camps 
would  be  flooded  day  and  night.  Winter  quarters  were  not  allowed 
to  be  built,  and  we  therefore  had  no  shelter.  Starvation  seemed  to 
stare  us  in  the  face.  For  weeks  at  a  time,  we  subsisted  on  two  meals 
a  day,  and  those  "  meals"  were  a  small  "pone"  of  corn-bread,  and  a 
cup  of  "  corn  coffee."  Our  duties,  meantime,  were  increased,  for  our 
ranks  had  been  lessened,  and  the  enemy  were  becoming  active  and 
annoying.  Sickness,  for  the  first  time  since  our  stay  in  and  around 
Corinth  (Miss.),  broke  out  in  our  ranks,  and  many  were  swept  away. 
Demoralization  spread  fearfully  among  those  men,  who,  but  a  few 
days  before,  had  gained  one  of  the  bloodiest  victories  of  the  war. 
"  Our  sufferings  are  great,"  said  they,  "but  we  could  bear  them,  if  we 
felt  there  was  no  help  for  it."  It  was  their  secret  conviction  that 
there  was  help,  and  that  they  were  the  victims  of  official  blunders. 
Their  disaffection  was  increased  by  the  rumors  of  bickerings  among 
our  leaders.  Reports  of  quarrels  between  Bragg  and  his  leading 
officers  came  down  to  us,  and  his  removing  from  command,  on  the 
eve  of  the  battle,  one  of  the  most  popular  Generals  in  the  army, 
Frank  Cheatham,  looked  very  much  like  a  confirmation  of  the  re- 
ports. So,  between  the  dissensions  of  the  leaders  and  the  various 
causes  of  discontent  among  the  men,  the  army  grew  rapidly  demor- 
alized. The  withdrawal  of  Longstreet  to  East  Tennessee,  together 
with  the  sickness  which  existed,  had  thinned  the  ranks  greatly,  so 
that  at  the  time  of  the  batde  we  did  not  have  thirty  thousand  men. 
(In  many  places  in  the  line,  our  men  were  in  single  rank,  and  sprin- 
kled seven  or  eight  feet  apart,  and  there  were  gaps  where  there  were 
•  no  men  at  all.)  Our  sufferings  from  hunger  were  such  that  Bragg  was  on 
the  point  of  withdrawing  (such  was  the  general  impression)  when  the 
attack  of  the  enemy  began.  It  was  thought,  too,  that  it  was  a  doubtful 
question :  which  was  the  most  famished,  the  besiegers  or  besieged  ? 
General  Grant  must  have  had  very  accurate  accounts  of  our  condi- 
tion ;  for,  unless  he  did,  his  movement  was  a  very  bold  one.  Had 
those   thirty  thousand   men   been   able   to  cover  all   the  ground,  he 


Reminiscences  of  Last  Ccirupai(jn  Army  of  Tennessee.      37 

would  have  lost  terribly,  ere  he  had  gained  his  point.  Even  as  it 
was,  it  is  likely  that  starvation  alone  pushed  him  to  that  venture.  It 
was  a  struggle  for  life  on  both  sides,  with  this  difference:  that  whilst 
Grant  was  wielding  four  times  our  force,  and  had  an  army  revived  in 
spirit  and  enthusiastic  in  its  confidence  in  him,  our  little  remnant,  torn 
by  dissensions,  and  shorn  of  strength,  was  placed  in  such  a  condition 
that  a  victory  was  an  absurdity,  and  a  defeat  our  only  salvation.  We 
were  expected  to  defend  a  front  of  six  or  seven  miles,  exposed  for  the 
whole  distance,  by  the  nature  of  the  country,  to  surprises  and  snares, 
but  particularly  so  upon  our  left.  That  portion  of  our  line  rested  on 
Lookout  Mountain,  but  was  cut  off  from  the  rest  by  the  deep  ravine 
which  separated  the  mountain  from  the  ridge.  It  was  first  attacked 
and  routed,  and  what  few  men  we  had  there  nearly  all  killed  or  cap- 
tured. That  deep,  intervening  ravine  was  the  door  through  which 
"fighting  Joe  Hooker"  entered  and  gained  easy  access  to  our  rear, 
for  the  simple  reason  that  there  was  no  one  for  him  to  "fight."  We 
had  not  men  enough  to  guard  the  point.  Whilst  the  storming  of  the 
ridge  was  going  on,  the  enemy  were  pouring,  almost  unmolested, 
through  this  road,  and  had  not  the  defection  of  our  troops  taken 
place,  we  would  all  have  been  captured  by  night.  As  it  was,  our 
centre  broke,  almost  without  striking  a  blow.  The  men  on  the  left 
and  right  were  compelled  to  give  way,  and  before  nine  o'clock  that 
night  the  Yankees,  with  loud  and  prolonged  shouts,  were  busy  light- 
ing their  camp  fires  along  the  whole  length  of  the  ridge. 

That  day  was  not  one  of  universal  defection.  Indeed  it  is  a  well 
known  fact  that  we,  on  the  extreme  right,  did  not  even  know  of  any 
disaster  until,  after  dark,  the  word  came  to  fall  back.  We  had  been 
fighting  all  day,  and  had  repulsed  the  enemy  at  every  point.  That 
was  a  disgraceful  day  for  us,  and  yet  never  did  battle-field  witness 
grander  heroism  than  was  seen  on  the  right  of  our  line.  Both  sides 
showed  it.  Sherman  (for  we  fought  Sherman)  threw  his  blue  waves 
fiercely  against  us  again  and  again,  all  day  long,  and  several  times 
they  dashed  up  to  our  very  barricades.  (We  had  thrown  up  a  hasty 
shelter  of  logs,  rails  and  whatever  we  could  find  on  the  ground  at 
the  moment,  on  arriving  there  that  morning).  One  standard  bearer, 
a  mere  boy,  planted  his  flag  on  our  breastworks,  and  our  men,  in 
admiration,  refused  to  shoot,  but  contented  themselves  with  capturing 
him.  Several  of  our  regiments  got  out  of  ammunition,  and  fought 
them  back  with  stones  and  clubbed  muskets.  We  took  several  hun- 
dred prisoners.     The  conflict  ended  onlv  with  the  night. 


38  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

We  were  resting  and  congratulating  ourselves  on  the  events  of  the 
day,  when  the  news  from  the  centre  and  left  came,  and  we  found  that 
we  were  defeated ;  nay,  that  the  enemy  already  had  possession  of  the 
ridge,  and  that  we  were  in  danger  of  being  cut  off.  We  were  com- 
pelled at  once  to  withdraw,  and  by  rapid  marching  throw  ourselves 
between  the  enemy  and  our  retreating  army. 

The  humiliating  incidents  of  that  rout,  I  shall  never  forget.  Yet  one 
thing  occurred  which  relieved  in  part  the  monotony  of  our  shame.  The 
enemy  pursued  us  closely,  and  flushed  with  victory,  grew  rash.  They 
came  after  us  without  even  throwing  out  the  necessary  skirmishers. 
A  severe  check  given  them  at  "Ringgold  Gap,"  by  our  division, 
General  Cleburne's,  then  the  rear  guard  of  the  army,  not  only  taught 
them  caution,  but  virtually  stopped  the  pursuit.  We  held  the  field 
until  evening,  then  retired  about  a  mile,  to  a  more  commanding  posi- 
tion, and  after  waiting  for  them  to  come  on,  leisurely  sauntered 
off  under  cover  of  the  smoke  of  our  camp  fires,  which  we  had  osten- 
tatiously built,  and  which  we  fed  anew  just  before  retiring.  The 
enemy  barely  made  an  appearance  before  this  new  position  and  that 
was  all.  The  extreme,  gingerly  way  in  which  solitary  individuals, 
one  by  one,  tip-toed  towards  us  and  at  last  showed  themselves,  was 
absurdly  conclusive  of  the  fact  that  their  rashness  was  cured.  We  had 
fought  ourselves  into  a  good  humor  again,  and  satisfied  that  the  worst 
was  over,  trudged  along  after  the  rest  of  the  army. 

One  little  incident  in  that  sharp  fight  (or  rather  battle,  for  I  suppose 
there  were  twelve  or  fifteen  thousand  men  engaged,  taking  both  sides) 
reminds  me  of  General  Taylor's  "a  little  more  grape.  Captain  Bragg." 
Our  regiment  was  placed  right  across  the  gap,  and  our  company 
right  in  it  (Thirteenth  Regiment,  Arkansas  Volunteers).  We  were 
supporting  two  pieces  of  a  battery,  double-shotted  with  canister, 
placed  there  to  sweep  the  railroad  which  ran  through  the  gap.  Down 
the  railroad,  right  towards  us,  came  a  solid  body  of  men,  in  march- 
ing order,  column  of  fours  (a  part  of  Osterhaus's  division,  we  under- 
.stood),  unsuspecting,  and  thoroughly  off  their  guard ;  on,  on, 
until  I  suppose  those  poor  creatures  got  within  almost  fifty  yards  of 
us.  Then,  General  Cleburne,  who  was  in  our  midst,  watching  them 
through  field  glasses,  almost  sprang  into  the  air,  clapped  his  knee, 
and  in  his  broad  Irish  brogue,  shouted,  "  now,  Cawptam,  give  it  to 
'em,  now"  ! ! 

Poor  fellows  !  That  was  a  fearful  blast !  It  went  full  into  the  head 
of  the  column.     Our  guns  continued  for  some  time,  volley  after  vol- 


Capture  of  the  Confederate  Steamer  Florida.  39 

ley.  After  the  smoke  cleared  away,  that  solid  body  was  no  where 
visible — only  patches  of  men  scattered  all  over  the  field,  and  running 
to  the  rear  as  fast  as  their  legs  could  carry  them. 

But  to  return. 

Such  partial  victories,  however  brilliant,  could  not  alas !  retrieve  the 
completeness  of  our  rout.  When  the  remnants  of  the  Army  of  Tennes- 
see had  reached  Dalton,  Georgia,  all  order  had  well-nigh  vanished. 
The  men  for  the  most  part,  cowed  and  disheartened,  both  by  the  humili- 
ating rout  they  had  undergone,  and  the  sufferings  they  were  enduring, 
began  to  desert  in  large  numbers.  General  Bragg  himself,  left  us 
soon  after  we  reached  Dalton.  Whilst  on  the  ridge  he  had  done  his 
best  to  rally  the  men,  but  he  found  his  voice  unheeded.  It  was  then 
he  discovered  how  little  were  the  love  and  respect  his  soldiers  bore 
him.  He  was  forced  to  see  all  personal  example  entirely  unnoticed, 
all  threats  and  entreaties  entirely  disregarded,  whilst  the  men  shorn  of 
that  prestige  which  had  always  been  theirs,  and  of  that  sturdy  self- 
confidence  which  had  served  to  win  all  former  victories,  worn  out  with 
two  months'  famine,  privation  and  dissensions,  execrated  and  de- 
nounced him  as  the  author  of  all  their  misfortunes. 

It  was  in  this  state  of  mind  that  we  arrived  at  Dalton.  Our  suffer- 
ings were  such  as  we  had  never  known  before,  for  the  winter  was  upon 
us  with  all  its  rigor.  And  conscious  of  having  inflicted  one  of  the 
greatest  calamities  of  the  war,  upon  the  cause  we  fought  for,  and  of 
acting  as  a  body,  ignominiously,  and  yet  feeling  that  we  were  not 
responsible  for  the  result  of  affairs,  and  were  not  deserving  of  the 
stigma  which  the  whole  country  would  certainly  put  upon  us,  we  were 
controlled  by  a  feeling  of  reckless  despair,  when  Johnston  arrived. 


Capture  of  the  Confederate  Steamer  Florida,  by  the  U.  S.  Steamer 
Wachusett. 

Report  of  Lieutenant  T.  K.  Porter. 

[The  following  report  we  copy  from  Captain  Bulloch's  "  Secret 
Service  of  the  Confederate  States  in  Europe  "  where  it  is  pubHshed 
for  the  first  time. 

The  gallant  and  accomplished  officer  who  commanded  the  Florida 
at  the  time,  and  who  wrote  the  report  was  Lieutenaiit  Thotnas  K. 
Porter,  who  commanded  "Porter's  Battery"  at  Fort  Donelson  with 
such  skill  and  courage,  who  was  a  brother  of  the  soldier-statesman, 


40  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ex-Governor  James  D.  Porter,  of  Tennessee,  and  whose  death  was 
deeply  lamented  by  a  wide  circle  of  friends  and  admirers.] 

To  Lieutenant- Commander  C.  M.  Morris, 

Confederate  States  Navy. 

Liverpool,  Febrnary  20th,  1865. 

Sir, — In  obedience  to  orders  I  submit  the  following  report 
of  the  capture  of  the  Confederate  States  steamer  Florida  at  Bahia, 
Brazil,  on  the  7th  of  October,  1864,  by  the  United  States  steamer 

Wachusett,  the  treatment  of  the  officers  and  crew  while  prisoners  ; 
and  the  manner  of  our  release.  But  before  commencing  I  beg  to 
call  your  attention  to  the  fact  that  before  entering  the  harbor  our 
shot  were  withdrawn  from  the  guns;  that  after  our  being  requested 
by  the  Brazilian  naval  commander  to  anchor  in-shore  of  his  squadron 
we  let  our  steam  go  down  and  hauled  fires. 

At  about  3  A.  M.  on  the  morning  of  the  7th  October,  the  officer  of 
the  deck,  Acting- Master  T.  T.  Hunter,  sent  the  Quartermaster  down 
to  call  me,  and  tell  me  that  the  Wachusett  was  under  weigh  and  stand- 
ing towards  us.     I  immediately  jumped  on  deck,  when  I  saw  the 

Wachusett  about  twenty  yards  off,  standing  for  our  starboard  quarter. 
A  moment  after  she  struck  us  abreast  the  mizen-mast,  broke  it  into 
three  pieces,  crushed  in  the  bulwarks,  knocked  the  quarter-boat  in  on 
deck,  jammed  the  wheel,  carried  away  the  mainyard  and  started  the 
beams  for  about  thirty  feet  forward.  At  the  same  time  she  fired  about 
two  hundred  shots  from  her  small  arms,  and  two  from  her  great  guns. 
She  then  backed  off  about  one  hundred  yards,  and  demanded  our 
surrender.  I  replied  to  the  demand  that  I  would  let  them  know  in  a 
few  moments.  The  reply  from  the  Wachusett  vJdiS  to  surrender  imme- 
diately, or  they  would  blow  us  out  of  the  water.  As  more  than  half 
our  crew  were  ashore,  and  those  on  board  had  just  returned  from 
liberty,  I  believed  that  she  could  run  us  down  before  we  could  get 
our  guns  loaded.  But  as  I  did  not  like  to  surrender  the  vessel  without 
knowing  what  some  of  the  other  officers  thought  of  it,  I  consulted 
Lieutenant  Stone,  the  second  officer  in  rank;  and  finding  that  he 
agreed  with  me  that  we  could  not  contend  against  her  with  any  hopes 
of  success,  I  informed  the  commander  of  the  Wachiisett  that  under 
the  circumstances  I  would  surrender  the  vessel.  I  then  went  on 
board,  and  delivered  to  Commander  Collins  the  ship's  ensign  and  my 
sword.  He  immediately  sent  a  prize-crew  on  board  the  Florida,  and 
towed  her  out  of  the  harbor.     During  the  day  he  transferred  about 


Capture  of  the  Confederate  Steamer  Florida.  41 

two-thirds  of  those  captured  to  the  WacJmsctt.  He  then  paroled  the 
officers,  and  put  the  men  in  double  irons.  As  there  were  so  few  men 
compared  to  the  Wachusett's  crew,  and  those  divided  between  the  two 
ships,  I  tried  to  get  Captain  Collins  to  allow  the  irons  to  be  taken  off 
of  all,  or  a  part  of  them,  during;  the  day,  but  he  refused  to  do  so. 
Beyond  keeping  the  men  in  double  irons  for  nearly  two  months,  there 
were  but  two  cases  of  severity  towards  them  that  were  reported  to 
me.  Henry  Norman  (cox.j  was  ironed  to  a  stanchion  with  his  hands 
behind  him  for  having  the  key  of  a  pair  of  the  Florida's  irons  in  his 
pocket.  He,  as  well  as  all  the  other  men  on  the  Wachusett,  was 
ironed  with  the  irons  belonging  to  her  (the  WachuseW).  John  Brogan 
(fireman)  was  kept  in  the  sweat-box.  Dr.  Emory  reported  to  me  that 
he  was  sick  and  could  not  stand  such  treatment.  I  asked  Captain  Col- 
lins to  tell  me  why  he  was  so  treated.  His  reply  was  that  Brogan  was 
seen  talking,  and  that  when  his  master-at-arms  came  up  he  stopped. 
He  also  said  that  Brogan  had,  the  day  the  Florida  was  captured 
cursed  one  of  his  engineers,  who  tried  to  get  him  to  show  him  some- 
thing about  our  engines.  He  said,  though,  that  he  had  ordered  his 
release  two  days  before,  and  thought  he  had  been  taken  out.  This 
was  about  three  weeks  after  our  capture.  Brogan  informed  me  after- 
wards that  he  had  been  confined  there  for  several  days,  and  eighteen 
nights.  A  few  days  before  going  mto  St.  Thomas,  I  went  to  Captain 
Collins  and  told  him  that  on  a  previous  occasion  he  had  informed  me 
that  he  was  going  to  put  our  men  ashore  at  Pernambuco,  and  that  as 
we  would  be  in  port  a  few  days,  I  would  like  to  know  if  he  still  in- 
tended to  put  them  ashore,  at  the  same  time  telling  him  that  I  thought 
the  Florida  would  be  given  up  by  his  Government,  and  that  I  thought 
any  honorable  man  would  try  to  return  the  ship  and  crew  as  nearly 
in  the  condition  in  which  he  found  her  as  he  could.  His  reply  was, 
"I  have  not  thought  of  it — I  have  not  thought  of  it  to-day."  After 
further  convensation  I  left  him,  believing  that  he  would  not  try  to 
break  up  the  crew.  But  before  leaving  St.  Thomas  our  men  were  in- 
formed that  all  of  them  who  wished  to  go  ashore  could  do  so,  and 
that  Master  George  D.  Bryan  and  one  other  officer  would  meet  them 
to  look  out  for  them.  They  asked  what  was  to  become  of  their 
money,  which  had  been  taken  from  them,  and  were  told  that  Mr. 
Bryan  would  take  it  ashore  for  them.  A  number  of  them  thought 
this  was  a  trick  to  get  rid  of  them,  and  would  not  go,  but  eighteen 
were  foolish  enough  to  believe  it,  and  had  their  irons  taken  oft"  on  the 
berth-deck,  and  were  put  in  a  boat  from  the  bow  port,  and  allowed  to 
go  ashore.      The  first  Mr.  Bryan  heard  of  his  part  of  the  affair  was 


42  Southern  Historical  Saciety  Papers. 

when  we  left  the  Wachisett  and  had  an  opportunity  of  talking  to  the 
other  men.  After  the  men  had  time  to  get  ashore,  the  commander  of 
the  Wachusett  called  away  his  boats,  and  sent  an  armed  force  after 
the  boat  in  which  our  men  had  left.  So  anxious  was  he  to  get  them 
ashore,  that  he  sent  them  when  the  quarantine  flag  was  flying  at  his 
fore  in  consequence  of  having  the  small-pox  on  board.  The  United 
States  steamer  Kcasarge  left  St.  Thomas  while  we  were  there,  and 
Dr.  Charlton  and  the  eighteen  men  on  the  Florida  were  transferred 
to  her.  When  we  arrived  at  Fortress  Monroe,  we  were  sent  up  to 
Point  Lookout  Prison,  and  there  the  officers  were  separated  from  the 
men,  and  sent  to  the  Old  Capitol  Prison  in  Washington.  But  in  three 
or  four  days  we  were  sent  back  to  the  Wachusett  at  Fortress  Monroe 
to  go  to  Fort  Warren,  Boston.  On  our  return  to  Fortress  Monroe, 
I  heard  that  the  Florida's  money-chest  had  been  opened,  and  I  went 
to  Captain  Collins  and  reminded  him  that  soon  after  we  were  cap- 
tured, I  informed  him  that  there  were  three  hundred  and  twenty 
dollars  in  it  which  belonged  to  the  wardroom  mess,  which  I  had  given 
to  the  paymaster  the  evening  before  we  were  captured,  to  keep  till 
the  caterer,  Lieutenant  Stone,  should  return  from  shore.  He  told  me 
that  he  had  mentioned  it  to  Rear-Admiral  Porter,  but  that  the  Ad- 
miral refused  to  give  it  to  us.  We  saw  the  Florida  before  we  left. 
She  had  lost  her  jibboom  by  a  steam- tug  running  into  her.  A  Lieu- 
tenant-Commander told  me  that  if  the  United  States  Government 
determined  to  give  her  up,  the  officers  of  the  navy  would  destroy  her. 
Several  other  of  our  officers  were  told  the  same.  Whilst  in  Fort 
Warren  we  heard  these  threats  were  carried  out. 

From  Hampton  Roads  we  were  carried  in  the  Wachusett  to  Boston, 
but  before  we  were  sent  to  Fort  Warren,  Lieutenant-Commander 
Beardsly  went  to  the  men  and  informed  them  that  he  was  sent  by 
Captain  Collins  to  tell  them  that  if  they  would  take  the  oath  of  alle- 
giance to  the  United  States  Government  they  would  be  released. 
He,  meeting  with  no  success,  was  succeeded  by  the  master-at-arms  of 
the  vessel,  and  a  sergeant  from  the  Fort,  who  told  them  that  all  the 
men  but  five  of  those  who  had  come  from  St.  Thomas  on  the  Keas- 
arge  had  taken  the  oath.  I  do  not  know  by  whose  orders  this  was 
told  them ;  but  we  found  on  arriving  at  the  Ibrt  that  it  had  no  more 
truth  in  it  than  the  report  they  gave  the  men  at  St.  Thomas,  that  Mr. 
Bryan  was  to  meet  them  on  shore.  I  am  happy  to  say  that  but  one 
of  the  crew  deserted  his  flag,  and  he  did  it  the  day  we  were  captured. 
When  we  arrived  at  Fort  Warren,  the  men  were  all  put  in  one  room, 
and  the  eleven  officers  were  put  into  one  with  thirty-two  other  pris- 


Capture  of  the  Confederate  Steamer  Florida.  43 

oners.  These  rooms  were  casemates,  and  were  fifty  feet  long  and 
about  eighteen  feet  wide.  At  sunset  we  were  locked  up  in  these 
casemates,  and  released  after  sunrise,  and  allowed  to  promenade  the 
extent  of  five  such  rooms.  At  8  A.  M.  we  were  marched  around  to 
the  cookhouse,  and  were  all  given  one  loaf  of  bread  each,  weighing 
fourteen  ounces.  After  twelve  we  were  marched  around  again,  and 
were  given  our  dinner,  which  consisted  of  about  eight  ounces  of 
cooked  meat,  with  half  a  pint  of  thin  soup,  three  days,  and  two  pota- 
toes, some  beans  or  hominy  the  other  days.  This  was  all  we  received 
each  day.  Many  of  the  prisoners  by  economizing  found  this  enough 
to  appease  their  hunger,  but  a  great  many  others  were  hungry  all  the 
time.  If  we  had  been  allowed  to  buy  sugar  and  coffee,  and  bread 
and  cheese,  a  great  many  would  have  been  able  to  do  so,  and  divide 
with  some  of  their  friends  who  had  no  means,  but  we  were  allowed  to 
buy  nothing  to  eat  without  a  certificate  from  the  Post  Surgeon  that 
we  were  sick.  There  is  an  arrangement  between  our  government 
and  that  of  the  United  States,  that  prisoners-of-war  may  be  allowed 
to  receive  boxes  of  provisions  and  clothing  from  their  friends  at 
home,  but  the  United  States  Government  now  interprets  this  to  mean 
that  all  boxes  must  come  by  a  flag  of  truce.  As  half  of  the  Confed- 
erate prisoners  have  their  homes  within  what  is  now  the  United  States 
military  lines,  this  agreement  works  almost  entirely  for  the  Federals 
and  against  us.  Half  of  the  Florida's  officers  were  in  this  situation, 
and  they  were  compelled  to  decline  the  offers  of  their  friends.  On 
the  24th  December  all  the  Florida's  officers  except  Dr.  Charlton  and 
fourteen  other  prisoners  were  locked  up  in  a  casemate,  and  kept  in 
close  confinement  both  day  and  night.  We  were  not  allowed  to  go 
out  under  any  circumstances,  except  that  for  the  first  four  days  we 
were  marched  under  a  heavy  guard  to  the  cookhouse  twice  a  day. 
After  that  our  dinner  was  brought  to  us,  and  two  of  us  were  marched 
around  to  get  the  bread  for  all  of  those  confined.  This  was  for  dis- 
cussing a  plan  to  capture  the  fort,  which  one  of  the  prison  spies,  w'ho 
pretends  to  be  a  Lieutenant-Colonel  in  our  army,  and  a  Lieutenant  in 
the  English  army,  revealed  to  the  authorities.  We  were  kept  in  close 
confinement  until  the  19th  of  January,  when  Lieutenant  Woodman, 
of  the  United  States  army,  sent  for  me,  aixi  told  me  that  he  had  an 
order  from  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy  to  release  the  officers  and  crew 
of  the  Florida  from  Fort  Warren,  and  that  as  such  was  the  case  he 
would  release  all  of  us  from  close  confinement.  He  showed  me  the 
order  from  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  which  was  that  we  would  be 
released  on  condition  that  we  signed  a  parole  to  leave  the  United 


44  Southern  Historical  Society  Fapers. 

States  within  ten  days.  I  asked  him  if  we  would  be  given  the  money 
and  our  swords,  and  other  articles  captured  on  the  Florida,  which 
had  not  been  sunk  with  her.  He  said  that  he  knew  nothing  about 
them,  but  if  I  wished  to  write  to  Mr.  Welles,  he  would  send  the  com- 
munication. I  then  gave  him  a  copy  of  the  following  note,  which  he 
assured  me  was  sent  the  same  day : 

"  To  the  Hon.  Gideon  Welles, 

Secretary  of  the  Navy  : 

"Fort  Warren,  January  igih,  i86j. 

"  Sir, — I  have  just  been  informed  by  the  commanding 
officer  of  this  fort  that  the  officers  and  crew  of  the  Confederate  States 
steamer  Florida  will  be  released  on  condition  of  leaving  the  United 
States  within  ten  days.  We  will  accept  a  parole  to  leave  at  any  time 
when  we  are  put  on  board  any  steamer  going  to  Europe,  but  we 
would  prefer  to  go  to  Richmond.  We  would  call  your  attention  to 
the  fact  that  there  were  somewhere  about  thirteen  thousand  dollars  in 
gold  on  the  Florida  when  she  w-as  captured,  which  was  taken  out  of 
her  by  order  of  Rear- Admiral  Porter.  And  to  leave  the  United 
States  it  will  be  necessary  to  have  that  to  take  us  out,  unless  the 
United  States  Government  send  us  away  as  they  brought  us  in.  If 
you  will  give  us  our  money  we  would  prefer  remaining  here  till  a 
steamer  leaves  here  for  Europe,  or  we  would  ask  for  a  guard  till  we 
are  put  on  one  in  New  York,  as  so  many  of  us  being  together  might 
be  the  cause  of  an  unnecessary  disturbance,  of  which  we  would  be 
the  sufferers. 

"  Very  respectfully, 

"  Your  obedient  servant, 

"Thomas  K.  Porter, 
■'  First- Lieutenant,  Conjederate  States  Navy." 

Mr.  Welles  made  no  reply  to  this.  After  waiting  a  week  and  find- 
ing that  the  United  States  Government  neither  intended  to  pay  our 
passage  away,  nor  to  give  us  the  money  belonging  to  our  government, 
and  not  even  our  private  money,  I  sent  Lieutenant  Stone  to  Boston 
with  directions  to  procure  a  passage  in  the  British  and  North  Amer- 
ican steamer  Ca7iada,  or  if  he  failed  in  that,  to  get  us  out  of  the  United 
States  in  any  manner  possible.  He  succeeded  in  getting  passage  for 
all  of  us  on  the  Canada,  by  my  giving  a  draft  to  be  paid  at  Liverpool. 
And  on  the  ist  of  February  we  signed  the  following  parole:  "We, 


Reynolds's  Brigade — Correction.  45 

the  undersigned  officers  and  crew  of  the  steamer  Florida,  in  consid- 
eration of  being-  released  from  confinement  in  Fort  Warren,  do  jointly 
and  severally  pledge  our  sacred  word  of  honor  that  we  will  leave  the 
United  States  within  ten  days  from  date  of  release,  and  that  while  in 
the  United  States  we  will  commit  no  hostile  act,"  and  I  left  the  fort 
for  the  steamer  Canada.  It  may  be  of  importance  to  state  that  we 
were  officially  informed  by  Major  Gibson,  commanding  the  post  part 
of  the  time  we  were  there,  that  we  could  hold  no  communication  with 

the  Brazilian  authorities. 

Very  respectfully, 

Your  obedient  servant, 

Thomas  K.  Porter, 
First- Lie7itenayit,  Confederate  States  Navy. 


Correction  as  to  the  Composition  of  Reynolds's  Brigade — Correspondence 
Between  Governor  Porter  and  Major  Sykes. 

Nashville,  November  12,  1883. 
Major  E.    T.  Sykes: 

Dear  Sir, — In  your  sketch  of  General  Bragg's  cam- 
paigns, published  in  the  November  number  of  the  Southern  Histori- 
cal Papers,  it  is  stated  in  note  on  page  496,  in  regard  to  the  battle 
of  Mission  Ridge,  that  "  Brigadier-General  Alexander  W.  Reynolds's 
brigade  of  East  Tennesseeans  were  the  first  to  give  way,  and  could 
not  be  rallied." 

I  claim  some  familiarity  with  the  distribution  of  the  troops  from 
this  State,  and  I  am  positive  that  there  was  not  a  Tennesseean  in 
Reynolds's  brigade.  Will  you  please  furnish  me  with  your  authority 
for  the  statement  referred  to. 

Very  respectfully, 

James  D.  Porter. 


Columbus,  Miss.,  November  14,  18S3. 

Governor  James  D.  Porter,  Nashville,   Tenyi.  : 

Dear  Sir, — Yours  of  the  12th  instant  reached  me  to-day,  and  I 
hasten  to  reply,  saying   that  my  authority  for  the  statement  in  the 


46  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

note  on  page  496,  of  the  November  number,  1883,  of  the  Southern 
Historical  Society  Papers,  that  Brigadier-General  Alexander 
W.  Reynolds's  Brigade  of  East  Tennesseeans  were  the  first  to  give 
way  at  Mission  Ridge,  and  could  not  be  rallied,  is  the  late  General 
Bragg.  In  the  preparation  of  the  sketch.  General  Bragg  furnished 
me  many  of  his  private  papers,  "  preserved  from  the  general  wreck," 
and  wrote  me  several  letters  in  answer  to  certain  questions  at  differ- 
ent times  asked  of  him.  The  statement  to  which  you  called  my 
attention  was  furnished  in  answer  to  one  of  these  questions,  but  did 
not  reach  me  until  the  sketch  had  been  published  in  our  city  paper, 
the  Columbus  Index,  then  edited  by  our  mutual  friend,  General  J.  H. 
Sharp.  I  appended  the  statement,  and  other  information  furnished 
me  by  General  Bragg,  in  the  form  of  notes,  intending  at  some  future 
time  to  elaborate  more  at  length ;  but  on  the  visit  here  last  winter  of 
General  George  D.  Johnston,  agent  of  the  Southern  Historical 
Papers,  he  heard  of  the  papers  in  my  possession,  and  asked  to  read 
them,  and  then  made  the  request  that  I  furnish  them  to  the  Society 
at  Richmond.  In  the  following  (last)  February  I  received  from  Rev. 
J.  William  Jones,  of  the  Society,  a  very  urgent  •  letter  requesting 
copits  of  my  papers.  Not  having  the  time  to  make  copies,  I  sent  him 
the  original  papers  by  express  on  the  13th  of  P^bruary  last,  and  heard 
no  more  from  them  until  I  saw  the  first  installment  of  the  "  Sketch  " 
published  in  the  Papers. 

The  original  autograph  letter  of  General  Bragg,  dated  February  8, 
1873,  containing  the  statement  of  which  you  complain,  is  quite 
lengthy,  and  written  entirely  with  pencil;  and,  along  with  the  other 
letters,  is  in  the  possession  of  the  Southern  Historical  Society,  where 
you  can,  I  presume,  by  writing  to  the  Secretary,  obtain  a  copy.  It 
was  in  a  good  state  of  preservation  when  forwarded  by  me. 

In  his  report  of  the  battle  of  Mission  Ridge  you  will  observe  that 
General  Bragg  charges  Anderson's  division  with  first  giving  way  and 
permitting  the  enemy  to  pierce  our  centre;  but  you  can  see  by  read- 
ing the  letter  of  February  8,  1873,  a  copy  of  which  is  now  before  me, 
he  makes  the  following  unqualified  declaration: 

"  I  have  always  believed  our  disasters  at  Mission  Ridge  were  due 
immediately  to  misconduct  of  a  brigade  of  Buckner's  troops  from 
East  Tennessee,  commanded  by  Brigadier-General  Alexander  W. 
Reynolds,  which  first  gave  way  and  could  not  be  rallied." 

You  will  find  in  said  letter  many  startling  revelations,  which  I 
would  not,  for  obvious  reasons,  allude  to  in  the  "sketch." 

So  far  as  I  personally  know,  this  brigade  may  or  may  not  have 


Reynolds's  Brigade — Correction.  47 

been  composed  of  Tennesseeans.  It  may  not  have  had  a  single  Ten- 
nessee regiment  or  company  in  it.  I  only  state  what  was  given  to 
me  as  a  fact  by  one  who  was  presumed  to  know.  I  trust  that  you 
will  consider  me  as  desiring  only  to  chronicle  the  truths  of  history  as 
furnished  by  what  I  considered  the  most  reliable  source  of  informa- 
tion. And  certainly  the  General  of  the  army  should  be  presumed  to 
be  the  best  repository  of  all  important  information  touching  the  army 
under  his  command.  At  least  I  feel  that  you  will  relieve  me  of  any 
motive  or  disposition  to  mistake  important  facts,  when  it  is  seen  that 
the  statements  I  make  are  backed  by  the  authority  of  the  General 
commanding.  I  wished  only  to  speak  of  the  facts  as  they  were  rep- 
resented to  me,  "  Nothing  extenuate,  nor  set  down  aught  in  malice." 

Very  respectfully, 

E.  T.  Sykes. 


Nashville,  November  20,  1883. 
Major  E.    T.  Sykes  : 

Dear  Sir, — I  inclose  a  communication  from  General 
M.  J.  Wright,  of  the  War  Records  Office,  Washington,  D.  C,  in 
which  he  gives  the  organization  of  Reynolds's  brigade  from  the  re- 
cords of  the  Confederate  States  War  Department.  You  will  see  from 
this  that  there  were  no  Tennessee  troops  in  Reynolds's  brigade.  I 
also  enclose  a  letter  from  General  Frank  Cheatham  to  the  same 
effect;  and  to-day  I  was  informed  by  ex-Governor  John  C.Brown 
that  he  had  personal  knowledge  of  the  fact  that  Reynolds's  brigade 
was  formed  of  regiments  from  North  Carolina  and  Virginia.  My  own 
opinion  is  that  Reynolds's  brigade  was  in  no  wise  responsible  for  the 
disaster  at  Mission  Ridge ;  but  you  will  understand  that  my  object 
just  now  is  to  ask  you  to  examine  the  evidence  I  furnish  and  to  make 
the  correction  due  to  Tennessee. 

Very  respectfully, 

James  D.  Porter. 

Columbus,  Miss.,  November  22,  18S3. 

Governor  James  D.  Porter,  Nashville,  Tenn.: 

Dear  Sir, — Your  letter  of  the  20th  instant,  with  inclo- 
sures,  reached  me  to-day,  and,  as  requested  therein,  I  hasten  to  reply. 
From  your  statement,  fully  indorsed  and  supported  by  the  statements 


48  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

of  Generals  Cheatham  and  Wright,  and  ex-Governor  John  C.  Brown, 
all  of  whom  commanded  Tennessee  troops  under  General  Bragg,  I 
am  convinced  that  there  was  no  Tennessee  organization  in  the  bri- 
gade of  General  Alexander  W.  Reynolds  during  the  Mission  Ridge 
fight,  or  at  any  other  time.  The  evidence  furnished  by  you  and 
them  make  it  certain  that  Reynolds's  brigade  was  composed  of  the 
Fifty-fourth  and  Sixty-third  Virginia,  Fifty-eighth  and  Sixtieth  North 
Carolina  infantry  regiments;  hence,|the  statement  in  the  note  on  page 
496,  of  the  November  number,  1883,  of  the  Southern  Historical 
Society  Papers,  that  "  Brigadier-General  Alexander  W.  Reynolds's 
brigade  of  East  Tennesseeans  were  the  first  to  give  way,  and  could 
not  be  rallied,"  does  injustice  to  the  gallant  troops  from  your  State. 

The  authority  for  the  statement  in  the  note  referred  to  is  given  in 
my  letter  to  you  of  the  14th  instant,  which  in  justice  to  us  both  should 
be  published  along  with  this.  It  may  be  that  General  Bragg  intended 
to  convey  the  idea  that  Reynolds's  brigade  had  just  been  serving  in 
East  Tennessee  under  Buckner,  and  had  recently  joined  him ;  but  I 
submit  that  his  language,  quoted  in  mine  of  the  14th  instant,  conveys 
the  impression  that  was  made  use  of  by  me. 

Not  wishing  to  do  injustice,  or  be  guilty  of  a  seeming  wrong  to  any 
one,  I  take  pleasure  in  authorizing  you  to  make  such  use  of  our  cor- 
respondence as  will  put  the  question  in  its  true  light. 

Yours  truly, 

E.  T.  Sykes. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas. 

By  George  W.  Gift. 

No.  I. 


[We  are  glad  to  be  able  to  put  in  our  records  the  interesting  "story 
of  the  Arkansas  "  as  told  by  the  gallant  and  lamented  Gift,  who  did  so 
much   to  ''make   the  history"    which  he  so  admirably    '^ tells  as  it 

wasT^ 

The  15th  day  of  July,  1862,  was  a  warm  day,  literally  and  figura- 
tively, for  some  two  hundred  persons  cooped  up  in  the  famous  Con- 
federate steamer  Arkansas. 

Our  good   ship  had   been  gotten   up  under  the  peculiar  circum- 


The  Stoi^y  of  the  Arkansas.  49" 

stances  of  haste  and  incompetency,  which  so  frequently  characterized 
our  Confederate  navy.  What  she  was  designed  for  no  man  probably 
knows.  I  imagine  that  she  was  intended  for  a  powerful  iron-clad 
gun  boat,  with  an  iron  beak  for  poking,  and  several  heavy  guns  for 
shooting.  But,  before  she  had  arrived  at  anything  like  a  state  of 
completion,  the  plan  was  altered,  and  she  was  made  into  an  herma- 
phrodite-iron-clad. That  is  to  say  (I  am  speaking  for  the  benefit  of 
those  learned  in  naval  matters),  instead  of  finishing  the  ship  with  an 
ordinary  rail  and  bulwark  all  round,  her  sides  were  "built  on"  amid- 
ships ibr  fifty  or  sixty  feet  in  length,  so  as  to  give  an  apology  for  pro- 
tection to  three  guns  in  each  broadside.  The  sides,  it  must  be  un- 
derstood, were  perpendicular.  The  ends  of  this  "  castle,"  or  "  gun- 
box,"  as  Captain  Brown  dubbed  it,  were  sloping  or  inclined,  from 
which  were  thrust  four  more  guns,  two  at  each  end.  This  gave  us  a  bat- 
tery often  guns,  which,  by  the  way,  were  of  all  sizes  and  descriptions 
— to- wit:  two  eight- inch  Columbiads;  one  eight-inch  shell  gun  ;  two 
nine- inch  shell  guns  ;  one  smooth  bore,  32  pounder,  (63  cwt.,)  and  four 
rifle-guns,  formerly  32-pounders,  but  now  altered,  three  banded  and 
one  unhanded.  Four  of  the  carriages  were  mounted  on  railroad  iron 
chassis ;  the  six  broadside  guns  were  on  carriages  constructed  at 
Canton,  Miss.,  by  parties  who  never  saw  or  heard  of  such  things  be- 
fore. The  timber  had  not  left  the  stump  ten  days  when  we  received 
the  carriages  on  board.  But  we  are  getting  ahead  too  fast.  The 
ship  was  built  at  Fort  Pickering,  a  short  distance  below  Memphis,  by 
Captain  John  T.  Shirley,  as  contractor,  and  Prime  Emmerson,  con- 
structor. Her  engines  were  built  (or  botched,  rather,)  at  a  foundry 
on  Adams  street,  and  the  timber  of  which  she  was  composed  grew  in 
our  vicinity.  The  Confederate  Congress,  in  the  plenitude  of  their 
wisdom;  appropriated  $125,000  to  build  two  rams  to  defeiid  the  upper 
Mississippi.  The  Arkansas  was  the  first  constructed  under  the  act, 
and  was  towed  up  the  Yazoo  after  the  fall  of  New  Orleans.  I  will 
not  take  the  reader  through  all  the  disappointments  and  crosses 
during  the  six  or  eight  weeks  preceding  the  fifteenth  of  July  we 
started  out  with.  >  It  is  sufficient  that  we  had  the  craft,  incomplete 
and  rough  as  she  was,  with  railroad  bars  on  her  hull  and  sides  and 
ends  of  the  "  gun-box."  We  have  a  crew  and  an  officer  for  every 
gun,  and  on  the  aforesaid  morning  we  are  steaming  down  the  Yazoo 
river,  bound  to  Mobile.  Our  orders  were  to  pass  Vicksburg  shortly 
after  dawn  ;  proceed  from  thence  down  the  river,  destroying  any  stray 
vessels  of  the  enemy  in  the  road;  coal-ship  at  New  Orleans;  pass 
Forts  Jackson  and  St.  Philip  at  night,  and  proceed  to  Mobile  Bay 
4 


50  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  raise  the  blockade !  A  programme  as  easy  of  accomplishment 
as  it  was  superb  and  glorious,  had  not  the  pilot  miscalculated  his  dis- 
tance, and  sunrise  found  us  in  the  Yazoo  river,  with  more  than  twenty 
ships  barring  our  way  to  the  goal  of  our  hopes  and  ambition,  instead 
of  our  being  twenty  miles  below  Vicksburg,  with  the  batteries  there 
driving  back  any  foolish  fellows  who  might  think  of  chasing  us. 
However,  we  were  in  for  it — yes.  in  for  one  of  the  most  desperate 
fights  any  one  ship  ever  sustained  since  ships  were  first  made. 

Some  time  after  midnight  we  lifted  our  anchor  from  in  front  of 
Haynes's  Bluff",  on  the  Yazoo,  and  steamed  down  the  river.  Just 
before  daylight  we  stopped  the  ship  and  sent  a  boat  on  shore  to 
obtain  information  from  a  plantation.  Lieutenant  Charles  W.  Read 
was  dispatched  in  charge  of  the  boat.  The  expedition  was  fruitless, 
as  the  people  had  taken  alarm  and  fled  on  hearing  a  steamer  in  the 
river  and  a  boat  approaching  their  landing.  An  old  negro  woman 
alone  remained  to  guard  the  house.  Read  made  inquiry  concerning 
the  whereabouts  of  the  people.  She  could  not  tell.  "  They  have  but 
just  left,"  he  insisted,  "for  the  beds  are  yet  warm."  "Dunno'bout 
dat,"  said  the  aunty,  "an'  if  I  did,  I  wouldn't  tell"  "Do  you  take 
me  for  a  Yankee?  Don't  you  see  I  wear  a  gray  coat,"  said  the  Lieu- 
tenant. "Sartin  you's  a  Yankee.  Our  folks  ain't  got  none  dem  gun- 
boats." 

Getting  no  satisfaction,  we  proceeded ;  and  when  the  sun  rose  we 
were  still  in  the  Yazoo. 

As  it  is  now  daylight,  let  me  describe  the  scene  on  a  man-of  war's 
deck,  cleared  for  action,  or  at  least  that  man-of-war,  on  that  occasion. 
Many  of  the  men  had  stripped  off"  their  shirts  and  were  bare  to  the 
waists,  with  handkerchiefs  bound  round  their  heads,  and  some  of  the 
officers  had  removed  their  coats  and  stood  in  their  undershirts.  The 
decks  had  been  thoroughly  sanded  to  prevent  slipping  after  the  blood 
should  become  plentiful.  Tourniquets  were  served  out  to  division 
officers  by  the  surgeons,  with  directions  for  use.  The  division  tubs 
were  filled  with  water  to  drink ;  fire  buckets  were  in  place  ;  cutlasses 
and  pistols  strapped  on  ;  rifles  loaded  and  bayonets  fixed ;  spare 
breechings  for  the  guns,  and  other  implements  made  ready.  The 
magazines  and  shell-rooms  forward  and  aft  were  open,  and  the  men 
inspected  in  their  places.  Before  getting  underway,  coff"ee  (or  an 
apology  therefor)  had  been  served  to  the  crew,  and  daylight  found 
us  a  grim,  determined  set  of  fellows,  grouped  about  our  guns,  anx- 
iously waiting  to  get  sight  of  the  enemy. 

Shortly  after  sunrise,  the  smoke  from  several  steamers  was  discov- 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas  51 

ered  by  Captain  Brown,  who,  with  the  First  Lieutenant,  Henry  K. 
Stevens,*  stood  on  a  platform  entirely  exposed  to  the  enemy's  fire. 
This  was  the  signal  for  fresh  girding  up,  last  inspections  and  final 
arrangements  for  battle.  Lieutenant  John  Grimball  and  myself  divided 
the  honor  of  commanding  the  eight-inch  Columbiads.  He  fought 
the  starboard  and  I  the  port  gun.  Midshipman  Dabney  M.  Scales 
was  his  Lieutenant,  and  a  youngster  named  John  Wilson,  of  Balti- 
more, was  mine.  Lieutenant  A.  D.  Wharton,  of  Nashville,  came  next 
on  the  starboard  broadside,  with  Midshipman  R.  H.  Bacot  for  his 
assistant.  Lieutenant  Charles  W.  Read,  of  Mississippi,  had  the  two 
stern  chasers,  both  rifles,  to  himself,  and  the  remaining  two  guns  on 
the  port  side  were  under  command  of  Lieutenant  Alphonse  Barbot 
(recently  died  in  New  York).  Each  Lieutenant  had  two  guns. 
Grimball  and  myself  had  each  a  bow-chaser  and  a  broadside  gun. 
The  two  Masters,  John  L.  Phillips  and  Samuel  Milliken,  were  in 
charge  of  the  two  powder  divisions.  Stephens  busied  himself  passing 
about  the  ship,  cool  and  smiling,  giving  advice  here  and  encourage- 
ment there.  Our  commander,  Lieutenant  Isaac  Newton  Brown, 
passed  around  the  ship,  and  after  making  one  of  his  sharp,  pithy 
speeches,  returned  to  his  post  with  glass  in  hand  to  get  the  first  sight 
of  the  approaching  enemy.  In  a  few  moments  we  see  ^/iree  gun- 
boats round  a  point  in  full  view,  steaming  towards  us  gallantly  and 
saucily,  with  colors  streaming  in  the  wind.  The  iron-clad  Caronde- 
let,  of  twelve  guns,  commanded  by  Lieutenant  Walke  (a  renegade 
Virginian),  was  on  the  right.  The  A.  O.  Tyler,  the  vessel  which 
annoyed  our  troops  at  Shiloh,  commanded  by  Lieutenant  Gwin,t  my 
classmate,  was  in  the  centre,  and  the  unlucky  river-ram,  Queen  of  the 
West,  commanded  by  an  army  "  mustang  "  named  Hunter,  was  on 
the  left.  It  is  quite  probable  that  they  imagined  we  wpuld  take  to 
our  heels  when  we  saw  the  odds  which  were  against  us.  They  were 
mistaken.  Owing  to  the  fact  that  our  bow-ports  were  quite  small, 
we  could  train  our  guns  laterally  very  little;  and  as  our  head  was 
looking  to  the  right  of  the  enemy's  line,  we  were  compelled  to  allow 
them  to  begin  the  action,  which  was  quite  agreeable,  as  we  had  lev- 
elled all  our  guns  with  a  spirit-level  the  day  before,  marked  the  trun- 
nions, and  agreed  that  we  would  not  fire  until  we  were  sure  of  hitting 
an  enemy  direct,  without  elevation.  The  gunnery  of  the  enemy  was 
excellent,  and    his    rifle    bolts   soon  began  to  ring  on  our  iron  front, 

^Afterward  killed  on  board  steamer  Cotton,  in  Bayou  Teche,  La. 
fKilled  at  Haynes's  Bluff  the  succeeding  year. 


52  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

digging  into  and  warping  up  the  bars,  but  not  penetrating.  Twice 
he  struck  near  my  poVt,  an  1  still  we  could  not  "  see  "  him.  The  first 
blood  was  drawn  fi-om  my  division.  An  Irishman,  with  more  curi- 
osity than  prudence,  stuck  his  head  out  the  broadside  port,  and  was 
killed  by  a  heavy  rifle  bolt  which  had  missed  the  ship.  Stevens 
was  with  me  at  the  time;  and,  fearing  that  the  sight  of  the  mangled 
corpse  and  blood  might  demoralize  the  guns'  crew,  sprang  forward 
to  throw  the  body  out  of  the  port,  and  called  upon  the  man  nearest 
him  to  assist.  ''Oh!  I  can't  do  it,  sir,"  the  poor  fellow  replied,  "it's 
my  brother."  The  body  was  thrown  overboard.  This  incident  of 
the  brother  was  related  to  me  by  Stevens  afterwards,  for  by  that  time 
I  had  enough  to  do  ahead.  As  soon  as  we  could  point  straight  for 
the  enemy,  with  safety  from  grounding,  the  pilot  steered  direct  for 
the  Tyler,  and  I  got  the  first  shot,  with  an  eight-inch  shell  with  five- 
second  fuse.  It  struck  him  fair  and  square,  killing  a  pilot  in  its  flight 
and  bursting  in  the  engine-room.  She  reported  seventeen  killed  and 
fourteen  wounded,  and  I  think  this  shell  did  the  better  part  of  the 
day's  work  on  her.  Unfortunately  the  gun  recoiled  off"  its  chassis, 
and  I  was  out  of  the  action  for  five  or  ten  minutes.  However,  Grim- 
ball  made  up  for  it.  He  had  the  best  gun  Captain— Robert  McCalla — 
in  the  ship,  and  a  superb  crew,  and  his  gun  seemed  to  be  continu- 
ally going  out  and  recoiling  in  again.  The  broadside  guns  thus  far 
were  not  engaged ;  but  they  were  not  to  remain  entirely  idle.  The 
"  mustang,"  summoning  courage,  shot  up  as  though  he  would  poke 
us  gently  in  our  starboard  ribs.  Captain  Brown  divined  his  intent, 
and  gave  notice  in  time.  The  starboard  battery  was  trained  sharp 
forward,  and  as  the  Qzieen  ranged  up,  Scales  gave  her  the  first  shell, 
followed  quick  by  Wharton  and  Bacot.  This  settled  the  account  on 
that  side.  The  Lieutenant-  Colo7iel  had  business  down  the  river,  and 
straightway  went  to  attend  to  it ;  that  is  to  say,  to  quote  Gwin,  he 
"  fled  ingloriously."  This  left  us  with  the  Tyler,  now  getting  pretty 
sick,  and  the  Carondelet  to  deal  with. 

It  was,  I  think,  somewhere  about  this  stage  of  the  fight  that  a  bolt 
entered  the  pilot-house  and  mortally  wounded  John  Hodges,  Missis- 
sippi pilot,  and  disabled  Mr.  Shacklett,  Yazoo  river  pilot,  and  broke 
the  forward  rim  of  the  wheel.  James  Brady,  the  remaining  Missis- 
sippi pilot,  took  charge,  however,  and  by  his  admirable  judgment  and 
coolness  kept  the  vessel  in  deep  water  until  she  got  into  the  Missis- 
sippi, where  he  knew  what  he  was  about.  The  fight  had  been  an 
advance  on  our  part;  we  had  never  slowed  the  engines,  but  stood  for- 
ward as  though  we  held  such  small  fry  in  contempt.     Gwin  handled 


The.  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  53 

and  fought  the  Tyler  with  skill  as  long  as  there  was  any  hope ;  but 
he  finally  took  to  his  heels,  badly  crippled,  and  went  after  the  "  mus- 
tang." What  Walke  did  in  the  Carondelet,  in  the  first  part  of  the 
engagement,  I  am  not  competent  to  say,  as  I  was  mounting  my  gun, 
but  I  think  he  was  "  hacked  ''  quite  early,  and  did  but  little.  At  any 
rate,  when  I  came  on  the  scene  again  (not  more  than  ten  minutes  had 
elapsed  from  the  first  gunj,  and  ran  out  my  gun,  the  Carondelet  was 
right  ahead  of  us,  distant  about  one  hundred  yards,  and  paddling 
down  stream  for  dear  life.  Her  armor  had  been  pierced  four  times 
by  Grimball,  and  we  were  running  after  her  to  use  our  ram,  having 
the  advantage  of  speed.  Opposite  to  me  a  man  was  standing  outside 
on  the  port-sill  loading  the  stern  chaser.  He  was  so  near  that  I  could 
readily  have  recognized  him  had  he  been  an  acquaintance.  I  pointed 
the  Columbiad  for  that  port  and  pulled  the  lock-string.  I  have  seen 
nothing  of  the  man  or  gun  since.  We  were  now  using  fifteen-pound 
charges  of  powder  and  solid  shot,  which  latter  were  hastily  made  in 
Canton,  and  had  voy  little  windage ;  so  that  I  think  we  bored  the 
fellow  through  and  through  from  end  to  end.  It  was  an  exceedingly 
good  thing  we  had.  If  his  stern  guns  were  not  dismounted  the  crews 
had  deserted  them,  for  they  were  not  used  after  my  gun  came  into 
action  the  second  time.  I  think  I  had  hit  four  times,  and  our  beak 
was  nearly  up  to  him,  when  Brady  discovered  that  he  was  taking  to 
shoal  water  with  the  hope  ot  our  grounding — we  drew  four  feet  more 
water  than  she.  Therefore,  we  sheered  off,  and  passed  so  close  that 
it  would  have  been  easy  to  have  jumped  on  board.  Stevens  passed 
rapidly  along  the  port  broadside,  and  saw  the  guns  depressed  to  their 
utmost,  and  bid  us  wait  for  a  good  chance  and  fire  down  through  his 
bottom.  As  we  lapped  up  alongside,  and  almost  touching,  we  poured 
in  our  broadside,  which  went  crashing  and  plunging  through  his  tim- 
bers and  bottom.  Although  his  four  broadside  guns — one  more  than 
we  had — were  run  out  and  ready,  he  did  7iot fire  them.  We  were 
running  near  the  left  or  Vicksburg  side  of  the  river  (we  are  now  in 
what  is  called  Old  River),  and,  as  soon  as  passed,  we  headed  for  the 
middle  of  the  stream,  which  gave  Read  his  first  opportunity— and 
right  well  did  he  use  it.  His  rifles  "spoke"  to  the  purpose,  for  the 
enemy  hauled  down  his  colors.  In  an  instant  Captain  Brown  an- 
nounced the  fact  from  the  deck,  and  ordered  the  firing  to  cease;  but 
the  ship  still  swinging,  gave  Wharton  and  the  others  a  chance  at  her 
with  the  starboard  guns  before  it  was  known  that  he  had  surrendered. 
White  flags  now  appeared  at  her  ports,  and  the  news  of  our  victory 
was  known  all  over  the  ship  in  a  moment. 

Tsjk  about  yelling  and  cheering  ;  you  should  have  heard  it  at  the 


54  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

moment  on  the  deck  of  the  Arkafisas  to  have  appreciated  it.  In  fif- 
teen minutes,  without  being  checked  in  our  progress,  we  had  thrashed 
three  of  the  enemy's  vessels — one  carrying  arms  as  good  as  ours  and 
two  more  guns  than  we,  and  one  of  the  others  was  a  famous  ram, 
whilst  the  third,  though  of  but  little  account,  gave  moral  support  to 
the  others.  It  was  glorious.  For  it  was  the  first  and  ofify  square, 
fair,  equal  stand-up  and  knock-down  fight  between  the  two  navies  in 
which  the  Confederates  came  out  first  best.  From  the  beginning  our 
ship  was  handled  with  more  pluck,  decision,  and  judgment  than  theirs 
(the  7)'/^r  excepted) ;  our  guns  were  better  fought  and  better  served. 
Not  an  officer  or  man  doubted  the  result  from  the  beginning.  We 
went  in  to  win,  and  we  won.  We  now  had  no  time  to  stop  to  secure 
our  prize,  as  the  enemy  would  be  apprised  of  our  coming  and  swarm 
in  the  river  like  bees  if  we  did  not  hurry.  These  fellows  we  had 
beaten  were  but  skirmishers  of  a  main  army.  Consequently,  we 
pushed  down  the  river,  and  the  Carondelet  sank  on  a  sand-bar  on 
the  right  side. 

I  have  been  very  explicit  in  regard  to  this  battle  with  the  Caro7ide- 
let,  inasmuch  as  her  commander  afterwards  stated  to  Lieutenant  John 
W.  Dunnington,  of  the  Confederate  navy,  that  he  was  not  pierced  by 
a  single  shot  from  the  Arka?isas  that  day ;  that  he  had  no  men  killed 
or  wounded,  and  did  not  strike  his  colors.  I  challenge  him  to  print 
his  official  report  of  the  day's  proceedings  from  the  files  of  the  Navy 
Department  It  was  carefully  suppressed  during  the  A'ar.  And  as 
for  striking  his  colors,  that  will  be  sworn  to  by  a  dozen  men ;  and  that 
he  did  sink  can  be  proven  by  hundreds  who  saw  steamers  at  work 
raising  the  vessel. 

Official  Reports  of  Actions  with  Federal  Gunboats,  Ironclads  and  Vessels 
of  the  U.  S.  Navy,  During  the  War  Between  the  States,  by  Officers  of 
Field  Artillery  P.  A.   C.  S. 

No.    I. 

Quarters  "  Faries's  Battery,"  P.  L.  A., 

First  Brigade  Infantry,  (Mouton's), 
Forces  South  of  Red  River,  Bisland  Plantation, 

Bayou  Teche,  La.,  November  loth,  1862. 

Capt.  R.   C.  Bond,   Chief  of  Artillery  : 

Sir, — I  have  the  honor  to  report  that  on  the  afternoon  of 
the  3d  November,  instant,  the  right  section  of  this  battery,  consisting 
of  two  three-inch  rifled  guns,  Parrott  pattern,  commanded  by  First 
Lieut.  B.  F.  Winchester,  having  taken  position  at  Cornay's  residence, 


Official  Reports,  (&c.  55 

on  the  right  and  a  short  distance  in  advance  of  the  Confederate  States 
gunboat  "  J.  A.  Cotton  "  (four  guns),  commanding  the  obstructions  at 
the  bridge  just  below  that  place  ;  opened  fire  about  4  o'clock  on  the 
four  gunboats  of  the  enemy  then  approaching,  engaging  three  boats 
following  each  other  in  succession,  for  about  thirty  minutes,  under  a 
severe  fire  from  their  heavy  guns,  at  short  rayige  and  unsupported,  but 
in  battery  with  a  section  of  Capt.  O.  J.  Semmes's  battery,  consisting 
of  two  James  Rifles  (bronze  twelve- pounders j,  under  First  Lieut.  J.  A. 
A.  West.  Both  sections  then  fell  back  to  the  Bayou  Teche  road,  in 
the  rear  of  and  above  their  first  position,  where  after  firing  ten  to  fif- 
teen minutes,  retired  in  good  order  and  returned  to  this  camp. 

The  nature  of  the  ground  and  cover  in  our  out-front  (guns  being  in 
battery  among  a  number  of  large  live  oak  trees)  prevented  the  effect 
of  all  the  shots  being  observed,  it  has  been  ascertained,  however,  and 
believed  that  two  of  the  gunboats  retired  badly  crippled,  and  from  the 
cries  heard  on  board,  a  number  of  the  enemy  must  have  been  wounded. 

Being  i\iQ.  first  engagement  for  this  section  and  for  most  of  the  men, 
all  behaved  well  under  fire.  The  horses  for  new  ones  were  remark- 
ably quiet. 

I  have  no  casualties  to  report. 

The  distance  fired  from  the  first  position  was  about  300  yards.     The 
number  of  shell  (fuse)  fired  by  this  section  was  fifty-eight. 
I  am,  very  respectfully, 

Your  obedient  servant, 

T.  A.  Faries, 
Capt.   Comd'g  Battery,  Mouton's  Brigade. 

Notes. — The  following  particulars  of  the  fight  from  the  Federals 
were  received  through  the  lines  after  this  report  was  written  : 

"  The  U.  S.  S.  '  Kinsman '  had  the  brunt  of  the  combat,  she  received 
fifty-four  shot  and  shell  in  her  hull  and  upper  works ;  had  one  man 
killed  and  five  wounded. 

"  The  U.  S.  S.  '  Estrella'  received  three  shot ;  had  two  men  killed 
and  one  mortally  wounded. 

"The  U.  S.  S.  'Calhoun'  was  struck  by  eight  shot  or  shell ;  re- 
ceived no  serious  damage  ;  no  casualties  reported. 

"  The  U.  S.  S.  '  Diana '  received  three  shell,  her  rudder  was  ren- 
dered useless,  being  badly  shattered  ;  she  had  to  be  towed  back  to  Ber- 
wick's Bay." 

The  C.  S.  S.  "J.  A.  Cotton  "was  armed  with  one  thirty-two 
pounder,  smooth  bore,  and  two  twenty-four  pounders,  smooth  bore, 


56  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

in  casemate,  covered  with  railroad  iron.  On  her  upper  or  hurricane 
deck  she  had  one  nine-pounder,  rifled  piece,  on  field  carriage ;  her 
casemate  extended  aft  sufficiently  to  protect  her  boilers  and  engines. 
She  was  the  finest  boat  that  had  been  built  for  the  Bayou  Sara  route ; 
her  cabin  was  one  of  the  most  elegant  on  the  Mississippi  river :  her 
engines  were  compound,  high  and  low  pressure.  In  the  month  of 
January  following  it  became  necessary  to  burn  her  to  prevent  her  fall- 
ing into  the  hands  of  the  enemy. 

The  Federal  gunboat  "  Diana "  was  armed  with  one  thirty-two 
pounder  Parrott  rifle  on  her  open  bow  and  one  or  two  twelve-pounder 
bronze  Dahlgren  rifled  boat  howitzers.  Several  months  after  the 
fight  of  November  3d,  while  making  a  reconnoissance  a  few  miles 
lower  down,  she  was  engaged  by  the  "  Valverde  "  battery.  Captain 
Sayres,  C.  S.  A.  (attached  to  Sibley's  Texas  brigade),  and  a  detach- 
ment of  cavalry.  After  a  great  slaughter  among  her  crew  she  was 
captured  with  nearly  two  hundred  infantry  aboard.  The  boilers  of 
the  "  Diana"  were  protected  by  two  thicknesses  of  wrought  bar  iron, 
four  inches  by  one  and  a-quarter  inches,  laid  flat  on  a  wood  back- 
ing, built  at  an  angle  of  thirty  to  forty  degrees.  The  solid  shot  from 
Captain  Sayres's  six-pounder  bronze  smooth-bore  guns  penetrated 
this  wrought  iron  in  several  places,  making  indentations  of  three- 
quarters  to  one  inch  in  depth,  one  six-pound  solid  shot  passing  entirely 
through  the  double  iron  plating  into  the  wood  backing.  Distance 
fired  by  the  field  artillery  was  from  one  hundred  and  fifty  to  two  hun- 
dred yards. 

The  pilot-house  was  protected  by  scantling  placed  upright  edge- 
wise, arranged  like  a  vertical,  fixed  Venetian  blind,  through  the  nar- 
row open  spaces  of  which  the  pilot  could  see  in  four  directions  and 
be  protected  from  the  fire  of  small  arms.  The  Captain  and  pilot  oc- 
cupied the  pilot-house  on  this  occasion.  The  captain  was  killed  by 
the  side  of  the  pilot,  who  jumped  overboard,  and,  swimming  to  the 
marsh  on  the  left  bank  of  the  Teche,  made  his  way  to  Berwick's  Bay 
and  reported  the  loss  of  the  boat. 

The  "  Diana  "  was  repaired  and  was  posted  in  the  centre  of  the 
Confederate  line  at  the  battle  of  "  Bisland,"  April  12th  and  13th,  1863. 
Captain  O.  J.  Semnies,  of  the  field  artillery,  was  detached  from  his 
battery  and  placed  in  command  of  her  for  the  occasion,  fighting  her 
with  his  characteristic  gallantry.  She  was  disabled  by  the  fire  of  the 
three  or  four  Federal  gunboats  in  the  bayou  in  the  rear  of  the  Federal 
line  of  battle.  Later,  when  Major- General  R.  Taylor,  the  commander- 
in-chief,  fell  back  up  the  bayou,  the  gallant  Semmes,  to  prevent  her 


Official  Reports^  &c.  57 

recovery  by  the  enemy,  after  landing  his  crew  applied  the  torch  to 
her,  and  she  blew  up  soon  after. 

The  pilot  who  was  detailed  from  Faries's  battery  for  the  "  Diana  " 
after  she  became  a  Confederate  gunboat,  and  the  pilot  who  escaped 
when  she  was  captured  from  the  Federals,  both  occupied  the  pilot- 
house of  the  steamer  "  W.  S.  Pike,"  a  Bayou  Sara  packet,  some  thir- 
teen years  after  the  events  referred  to. 

The  United  States  gunboat  "  Diana"  was  captured  in  Bayou  Teche, 
La.,  March  28,  1863.  F. 

(Federal  Army   Correspondcnf s  Account. ^ 

FIGHT    NEAR    BRASHEAR    CITY. 

The  New  Orleans  Delta  of  November  6th,  1862,  contains  the  fol- 
lowing relative  to  a  naval  expedition  which  started  from  New  Orleans, 
and  having  made  the  trip  by  sea,  arrived  at  the  pier  at  Berwick's  Bay 
too  late  to  prevent  the  Confederate  forces  under  Brigadier-General 
Alfred  Mouton  from  crossing,  a  day  or  two  after  his  engagement  with 
General  Weitzel,  on  Bayou  Lafourche,  at  "Texana": 

"  The  Confederates  crossed  the  bay  to  the  Berwick  side  at  the  ex- 
tremity of  the  Opelousas  railroad,  and  marched  up  to  a  point  four- 
teen miles  above  the  bay,  and  there  obstr^icted  the  bayou.  They  had 
destroyed  the  railroad  bridge  at  Bayou  Bceuf,  some  eight  miles  below 
Brashear  City.  Colonel  Thomas,  of  the  Eighth  Vermont  regiment, 
is  now  repairing  it.  From  Thibodeaux  to  Brashear  City  it  is  twenty- 
nine  miles.  One  portion  of  General  Weitzel's  corps  d'armee  is  at 
Tigerville,  half  way  between  these  two  points,  and  as  soon  as  the 
communications  are  established,  he  will  be  able  to  throw  his  forces  in 
a  few  hours  on  any  point  he  wishes.  We  know  that  the  Bayou  Teche 
falls  into  the  Atchafalaya  very  near  Berwick's  Bay,  and  by  this  bayou 
you  pentrate  through  all  the  parts  of  Attakapas.  Opelousas,  Vermil- 
lionville,  St.  Martinsville  and  Franklin  are  on  its  banks." 

The  correspondent  of  the  Delta  states  that  "  the  '  flotilla  '  arrived 
on  the  ist  of  November,  at  night,  in  view  of  Brashear  City.  The 
steamer  Kinsman  drawing  too  much  water,  Lieutenant  Buchanan 
tried  to  pass  the  steamer  Estrella  with  his  supplementary  force,  but 
the  Estrella  grounding,  he  came  to  the  entrance  of  the  bay  and  gave 
chase  to  the  Confederate  States  steamer  Hart  (transport),  but  with- 
out catching  her.  The  next  day  (2d)  the  Estrella  got  off,  and  arrived 
with  the  St.  Mary.  The  day  following  came  the  steamers  Calhoun 
and  Diana.     The  night  of  our  arrival  we  chased  the  gunboat  Cotton; 


58  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

she  being  of  superior  speed,  made  her  escape.  The  same  night  we 
took  the  Rebel  steamer  A.  B.  Segur,  a  little  steamboat  having  about 
the  dimensions  of  the  fancy  Natchez  ;  she  is  of  great  service  to  us.  On 
the  3d  of  November  all  the  gunboats  went  up  the  Bayou  Teche  and 
passed  the  obstructions  that  the  Rebels  had  made  to  stop  the  passage. 
Fourteen  miles  from  its  mouth  we  met  the  Rebels.  The  engage- 
ment lasted  tiao  hours ;  the  Rebels  dispersed,  and  the  Cotton  dis- 
appeared. I 

"  The  Kinsman  received  the  brunt  of  the  engagement.  She  re- 
ceived fifty-four  shots  in  her  wood  and  upper  works,  and  had  one  man 
killed  and  five  wounded.  Little  John  Bellins  had  his  leg  fractured, 
and  died  to-day  from  the  effects  of  amputation.  The  Estrella  re- 
ceived three  shots  ;  had  two  soldiers  killed,  and  one  man  mortally 
wounded.  The  Diana  received  three  shots  ;  as  her  rudder  was  badly 
shattered,  she  had  to  be  towed  back  to  the  bay. 

"  The  Calhoun  was  struck  eight  times  without  serious  damage. 
Captain  Wiggins  behaved  nobly;  the  position  of  his  vessel  exposed 
him  at  once  to  the  fire  of  the  artillery  on  shore  and  the  guns  of  the 
Cotton.  He  silenced  one  and  answered  the  other.  All  the  Rebel  army 
was  there,  amounting,  it  is  said,  to  from  three  to  four  thousand  vien, 
and,  we  are  assured,  seventy  pieces  of  light  artillery.  We  are  advised 
to-day  that  they  suffered  greatly,  and  the  steamer  Cotton  careened. 
They  had  made,  on  the  right  side  of  the  bayou,  a  mud  fort,  but  evac- 
uated it  before  our  arrival.  We  tried  to  remove  the  obstriictions — 
without  success.  We  will  succeed  when  General  Weitzel  arrives, 
and  will  protect  the  banks  from  the  sharpshooters  of  the  enemy. 

"  The  enemy  destroyed  a  thousand  hogsheads  of  sugar,  a  lot  of 
molasses,  and  burnt  ninety  cars  and  some  locomotives.  The  Cotton 
is  an  iron-clad,  and  her  guns  work  perfectly.  She  has  a  long 
j2 -pounder ,  four  24' s,  and  te7i  6-pounder  long-range  guns^  The 
iron  covering  of  the  Diana  and  Kinsman   resisted  perfectly  their  fire. 

Captain   McLoefflin  was on    the  Calhoun  with    his  company. 

He  came  on  shore  with  his  men  and  tried  to  get  opposite  the  Cottoyi, 

*The  mud  fort  referred  to—"  Battery  Fuselier  " — was  several  miles  above 
the  obstructions .     Four  pieces  of  field  artillery,  rifled    10  and    12-pounders,    j 
and  Xh&four  guns  of  the  Cotton,  unsupported  by  cavalry  or  infantry,  com- 
posed the  entire  force  on  the  Confederate  side.     Such  exaggerated  accounts 
of  engagements  during  the  late  war  has  had  its  influence  on  Northern  histo-    ' 
rians;  and  it  is  not  surprising  when  a  writer  magnifiesybwr  pieces  of  artil-   ' 
lery  into  seventy.    They  tried   to  remove  the  obstructions,  without  success, 
after  they  had  passed  them.  F. 


I  ^^ Degrading  Influence  of  Slavery."  59 

but  this  boat  had  left  when  he  arrived.  We  will  take  her  if  she  is 
not  sunk.  Yesterday  (5th  November)  Lieutenant  Buchanan  returned 
from  another  trip  up  the  Bayou  Teche  with  the  Esirella.  He  had 
three  men  killed  by  bullets.  The  Colton  was  there.  The  Rebels 
placed  a  battery  on  each  side  of  the  bayou,  but  he  succeeded  in 
chasing  them  away.  I  believe  the  Cotton  is  casemated,  for  our  shells 
ricochet  on  her.  We  could  see  clearly  our  shot  strike  her,  but  she 
fights  with  her  bow  to  the  front." 


"  Degrading  Influence  of    Slavery" — Reply  of  Judge  Critcher  to  Mr.   Hoar. 

In  the  debate  on  Education  in  the  House  of  Representatives,  Mr. 
Hoar,  of  Massachusetts,  remarked  that  slavery  in  the  South  was 
not  so  observable  in  the  degradation  of  the  slave  as  in  the  depravity 
of  the  master. 

Mr.  Critcher,  of  Virginia,  replied  :  Reminding  the  gentleman  from 
Massachusetts  that  every  signer  of  the  Declaration  of  Independence, 
except  those  from  his  State,  and  perhaps  one  or  two  others,  were 
slave-owners,  he  would  venture  to  make  a  bold  assertion  ;  he  would 
venture  to  say  that  he  could  name  more  eminent  men  from  the  parish 
of  his  residence,  than  the  gentleman  could  name  from  the  Common- 
wealth of  Massachusetts.  He  would  proceed  to  name  them,  and  yield 
the  floor  to  the  gentleman  to  match  them  if  he  could.  On  one  side 
of  his  estate  is  Wakefield,  the  birth-place  of  Washington.  On  the 
other  side  is  Stratford,  the  residence  of  Light  Horse  Harry  Lee,  of 
glorious  Revolutionary  memory.  Adjoining  Stratford  is  Chantilly, 
the  residence  of  Richard  Henry  Lee,  the  mover  of  the  Declaration  of 
Independence,  and  the  Cicero  of  the  American  Revolution.  There 
lived  Francis  Lightfoot  Lee,  one  of  the  signers  of  the  Declaration  of 
Independence.  Charles  Lee,  at  one  time  Washington's  Attorney- 
General  ;  and  Arthur  Lee,  the  accomplished  negotiator  of  the  treaty  of 
commerce  and  alliance  between  the  Colonies  and  France  in  1777. 
Returning,  as  said  before,  you  come  first  to  the  birth-place  of  Wash- 
ington ;  another  hour's  drive  will  bring  you  to  the  birth-place  of 
Monroe  ;  another  hour's  drive  to  the  birth-place  of  Madison,  and  if 
the  gentleman  supposes  that  the  present  generation  is  unworthy  of 
their  illustrious  ancestors,  he  has  but  to  stand  on  the  same  estate  to 
see  the  massive  chimneys  of  the  baronial  mansion  that  witnessed  the 
birth  of  Robert  PI.  Lee.  These  are  some  of  the  eminent  men  from 
the  parish  of  his  residence,  and  he  yielded  the  floor,  that  the  gentle- 
man might  match  them,  if  he  could,  from  the  Commonwealth  of 
Massachusetts. 


60  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Agreement  between  the  United  States  Government  and  South  Carolina  as  to 
"  Preserving  the  Status"  of  the  Forts  at  Charleston. 

Letter  from  General  E.  Capers  and  Statement  of  Ex-Governor  Orr,  of 

South    Carolina. 

The  following  statement  was  made  to  me  by  Governor  James  L. 
Orr  at  the  request  of  General  T.  W.  Crawford,  U.  S.  A. 

Governor  Orr  dictated  the  statement  and  I  wrote  it  down. 

General  Crawford  had  written  to  ask  me  if  I  could  procure  from 
Governor  Orr  any  information  respecting  the  reputed  agreement  be- 
tween the  United  States  Government  and  the  State  of  South  Carolina 
in  reference  to  a  fixed  status  of  the  forts  in  Charleston  harbor  at  the 
time  of  the  State's  secession. 

Governor  Orr  was  at  the  time  of  making  the  statement  Judge  of 
the  Circuit  Court  and  holding  court  in  Greenville,  S.  C. 

Ellison  Capers, 
statement  of  james  l.  orr. 

I  retired  from  Congress  on  the  4th  of  March,  1859,  hence  was  not 
present  as  a  member  when  the  arrangement  was  made  between  Mr. 
Buchanan  and  the  South  Carolina  delegation  with  reference  to  the 
forts  in  Charleston  harbor,  early  in  December,  i860. 

Immediately  after  the  passage  of  the  ordinance  of  secession  by  the 
South  Carolina  Convention  that  body  elected  Messrs.  Barnwell, 
Adams  and  Orr  commissioners  to  go  to  Washington  to  arrange  for  a 
peaceable  secession  of  the  State,  and  for  an  arrangement  by  which  the 
State  should  pay  her  proportion  of  the  public  debt  of  the  United 
States  and  receive  likewise  her  proportion  of  all  the  public  property. 

Before  the  Commission  left  Charleston,  where  the  Convention  was 
in  session,  Mr.  Miles,  one  of  the  delegates,  and  also  a  member  of 
Congress,  announced  to  the  Convention  the  arrangement  which  had 
been  made  between  Mr.  Buchanan  and  the  delegation,  securing  a 
fixed  military  status  in  the  harbor.  He  stated,  and  produced  a  mem- 
orandum to  the  effect,  that  the  authorities  of  South  Carolina  should 
make  no  demonstration  upon  the  forts  or  troops  of  the  United  States 
until  notice  should  be  given  the  President ;  and  he,  on  his  part,  stipu- 
lated that  the  garrison  in  Charleston  harbor  should  not  be  reinforced, 
or  the  status  of  the  situation  changed  without  notice  to  the  authorities 
of  South  Carolina. 

The  Commissioners  went  on  to  Washington  and  opened  negotia- 
tions with  the  President. 


U.  S.  Government  and  South  Carolina.  61- 

A  day  or  two  after  they  reached  there  they  received  a  telegram 
(the  first  that  reached  the  city)  that  Major  Anderson  had  in  the 
night-time  evacuated  Fort  Moultrie,  and  occupied   Fort  Sumter. 

This  movement  was  in  direct  violation  of  the  stipulations  before 
referred  to.  A  few  moments  afterwards  General  Floyd,  the  Secretary 
of  War,  called  to  pay  his  respects  to  the  Commissioners. 

He  was  handed  immediately  the  telegram,  and  when  he  read  it  he 
expressed  the  utmost  surprise  and  indignation  at  the  movement  of 
Major  Anderson. 

He  said  that  it  was  entirely  voluntary  on  the  part  of  Major  Ander 
son;  that  he  had  received  no  orders  from  him  to  take  any  such  step; 
that  he  was  aware  of  the  arrangement  made  between  the  President  and 
the  South  Carolina  delegation  with  reference  to  the  status  of  the  troops 
and  forts  in  Charleston  harbor;  that  it  was  a  violation  of  that  ar- 
rangement ;  and  that  he  would  see  the  President  immediately  and 
order  Major  Anderson  to  return  with  his  forces  to  Fort  Moultrie. 

He  left  the  commissioners,  saying  that  he  would  see  the  President 
immediately.  The  commissioners  acertained  that  day,  or  the  next, 
that  the  President  hesitated  about  ordering  Anderson  to  reoccupy 
Moultrie,  and  they  proposed  to  fix  an  hour  to  call  upon  the  President 
with  reference  to  this  matter.  He  informed  them  that  he  could  not 
receive  them  in  their  official  capacity,  but  would  give  them  an  audi- 
ence at  the  hour  designated  as  leading  and  distinguished  citizens  of 
South  Carolina. 

The  commissioners  called  at  the  hour  appointed,  and  had  a  long 
and  earnest  interview  with  the  President,  reaching  nearly  two  hours 
in  length.  Mr.  Barnwell  was  the  chairman  of  the  commission.  He 
brought  to  the  attention  of  the  President  the  arrangement  which  had 
been  made  early  in  December  between  his  Excellency  and  the  South 
Carolina  delegation  ;  that  it  had  been  observed  in  good  faith  by  the 
people  of  South  Carolina,  who  could  at  any  time  after  the  arrange- 
ment was  made,  up  to  the  night  when  Major  Anderson  removed  to 
Sumter,  have  occupied  Fort  Sumter,  and  captured  Moultrie  with 
all  of  its  command  ;  that  the  removal  of  Major  Anderson  violated 
that  agreement  on  the  part  of  the  Goverment  of  the  United  States  ; 
and  that  the  faith  of  the  President  and  Government  had  been  thereby 
forleited. 

The  President  made  various  excuses  why  he  should  be  allowed 
time  to  decide  the  question,  whether  Anderson  should  be  ordered 
back  to  Moultrie  and  the  former  status  restored.  Mr.  Barnwell  pressed 
him  with  great  zeal  and  earnestness  to  issue  the  order  at  once.     Mr. 


62  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Buchanan  still  hesitated,  and  Mr.  Barnwell  said  to  him  at  least  three 
times  during  the  interview :  "  But,  Mr.  President,  your  personal 
honor  is  involved  in  this  matter ;  the  faith  you  pledged  has  been 
violated,  and  your  personal  honor  requires  you  to  issue  the  order." 
Mr.  Barnwell  pressed  him  so  hard  upon  this  point,  that  the  Presi- 
dent said  :  "  You  must  give  me  time  to  consider ;  this  is  a  grave 
question." 

Mr  Barnwell  repeated  to  him  for  the  third  time:  "  But,  Mr.  Presi- 
dent, your  personal  honor  is  involved  in  this  arrangement."  Where- 
upon, Mr.  Buchanan,  with  great  earnestness,  said :  "  Mr.  Barnwell, 
you  are  pressing  me  too  importunately — you  don't  give  me  time  to 
consider — you  don't  give  me  time  to  say  my  prayers ;  I  always  say 
my  prayers  when  required  to  act  upon  any  great  state  affair."  1 

The  interview  terminated  without  getting  an  order  to  restore  the 
status  of  the  troops  in  Charleston  harbor. 

The  commissioners  the  next  day  addressed  him  a  communication 
more  plain  than  diplomatic,  in  which  they  reviewed  very  fully  his 
pledges  not  to  allow  any  change  in  the  status  of  the  forts  in  Charles- 
ton harbor.  After  reading  their  communication,  he  returned  it  to 
them  with  an  endorsement:  The  communication  was  not  respectful ; 
that  he  would  not  receive  it 

General  Floyd  declared  when  he  first  heard  of  Anderson's  removal 
that  if  the  President  did  not  order  him  back  to  Moultrie  that  he 
would  resign  his  position  as  Secretary  of  War,  and  he  did  resign  be- 
fore the  commission  left  Washington. 

The  circumstances  which   transpired  during  the  eventful  week  that 
the  commission  was  in  Washington  satisfied  us  that  General  Floyd  ] 
never  gave  Major  Anderson  any  orders  to  remove,  and  that  if  such  j 
orders  were  communicated  to  him  in  Floyd's  name,  or  from  the  War 
Department,  such  orders  were  issued  clandestinely  and  without  Gen- 
eral Floyd's  knowledge.  ***** 

There  was  no  formal  vote  passed  in  the  Convention  with  reference 
to  the  course  that  was  to  be  pursued  by  the  State  towards  the  forts  in 
Charleston  harbor  as  to  occupying  them.  After  the  communication 
already  referred  to,  by  Mr.  Miles  to  the  Convention,  it  was  tacitly  en- 
dorsed ;  many  members  of  the  Convention  believed  that  the  commis- 
sioners to  Washington  would  be  able  to  negotiate  amicable  terms  of 
separation  between  South  Carolina  and  the  United  States.  It  was 
supposed  that  such  negotiations  might  occupy  several  weeks,  and 
not  until  the  commissioners  reported  a  failure  in  the  purposes  of  the 
mission  did  the  Governor  or  any  member  of  the  Convention  con- 


Battle  of  Secessionville.  63 

template  armed  or  other  violence  against  the  troops  or  forts  of  the 
United  States  in  Charleston  harbor. 

Mr.  Buchanan,  in  his  last  communication  to  the  commissioners, 
states  that  he  never  contemplated  for  a  single  moment  issuing  an  or- 
der requiring  Anderson  to  return  to  Fort  Moultrie.  During  the  two 
or  three  days  when  that  matter  was  under  consideration  and  discus- 
sion several  of  the  Southern  Senators  waited  upon  the  President  and 
urged  him  to  issue  the  order ;  and  without  perhaps  making  any  posi- 
tive pledge  that  he  would  do  so,  his  conversation  and  promises  left 
the  impression  upon  the  minds  of  many  of  them  that  the  order  would 
be  issued. 

Messrs.  Hunter,  of  Virginia,  Toombs,  of  Georgia,  Mallory  and 
Yulee,  Davis,  Slidell  and  Benjamin  are  among  those  who  conferred 
with  the  President,  and  most  of  them  after  such  conference  were  left 
with  the  impression  that  Anderson  would  be  ordered  back  by  the 
President. 

Mansion  House,  Greenville,  S.  C,  September  ig,  rS'/r. 

The  above  is  an  accurate  copy  of  the  original  statement  as  I  took 
it  down  when  given  to  me  by  Governor  Orr.  I  sent  a  copy  to  Gen- 
eral T.  W.  Crawford,  and  have  his  letter  acknowledging  its  receipt. 

Ellison  Capers. 
Christ  Church  Rectory,  Greenville,  November  20,  i88j. 


Battle  of  Secessionville. 
REPORT    OF    COLONEL   JOHNSON    HAYGOOD. 

[We  are  under  many  obligations  to  the  gallant  soldier  and  distin- 
guished citizen.  Governor  Johnson  Haygood,  of  South  Carolina,  for 
the  use  of  a  number  of  original  papers,  which  should  have  been 
copied  and  published  ere  this,  but  for  the  pressure  upon  our  time. 
We  give  now  the  first  instalment,  to  be  followed  by  others.] 

Headquarters  Advanced  Forces, 
James  Island,  June  i8th,  1862. 

Captain, — I  am  required  to    report    the   operations    of    the 
troops  under  my  command  on  the  i6th  instant. 

Some  days  previously  I  had  had  the  honor  to  be  placed  in  com- 
mand of  a  corps  composed  of   the  First  and  Twenty-fourth  South 


64  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Carolina,  the  entire  battalion,  and  McEnery's  Louisiana  battalion,  to 
which  were  assigned  the  duties  of  the  advanced  guard. 

The  force  at  Secessionville,  however,  continued  to  keep  out  in  front 
of  that  position  its  own  outposts,  which  were  not  under  my  com- 
mand, and  made  no  direct  report  to  me.  This  has  since  been 
changed.  On  the  nights  of  the  15th  and  i6th  the  troops  on  the  out- 
posts of  duty  under  my  command  consisted  of  seven  (7)  companies 
of  Stevens's  Twenty-fourth  South  Carolina  Regiment,  six  (6)  com- 
panies of  Hagood's  First  South  Carolina,  and  one  company  of  the 
Forty-seventh  Georgia,  all  under  the  immediate  charge  of  Colonel  Ste- 
vens. They  covered  the  whole  front  of  our  lines  from  the  Secession- 
ville road  to  New  Town  cut.  The  picket  from  Secessionville  covered 
the  space  from  the  Secessionville  road  to  the  marsh  on  the  left  of  our 
lines.  At  4:30  A.  M.,  on  the  i6th  instant,  I  received  a  dispatch  from 
Colonel  Stevens,  that  the  Secessionville  pickets  had  been  driven  in, 
and  that  the  enemy  were  advancing  in  force  upon  that  position.  I 
immediately  ordered  under  arms  that  portion  of  the  First  Regiment 
not  on  picket,  and  Colonel  Simonton's  Eutaw  battalion,  directing 
them  to  proceed  down  the  Battery  Island  road,  in  front  of  our  in- 
trenchments,  to  the  flank  of  the  enemy's  advance  :  and  ordered  Colo- 
nel McEnery's  Louisiana  battalion  to  proceed  in  rear  by  the  bridge  to 
Secessionville — delivering  these  orders  in  person. 

Proceeding  in  advance  down  the  Battery  Island  road,  I  ordered  for- 
ward one  of  the  two  six  pounders  of  Boyce's  battery,  stationed  at  the 
crossing  of  the  Fort  Johnson  road,  and  arriving  at  the  scene  of  action, 
found  the  enemey  making  their  second  advance  upon  the  post  at  Seces- 
sionville. A  thicket  of  felled  trees  ran  parallel  with  their  line  of  advance 
and  about  four  hundred  yards  west  of  it,  on  the  edge  of  which  next  to 
the  enemy.  Colonel  Stevens  had  deployed  about  one  hundred  men, 
who  had  been  on  picket  duty  near  that  point.  These  men  were  from 
the  companies  of  Captains  Tompkins,  Pearson,  Lieutenant  Hammoter, 
commanding,  and  Gooding,  Lieutenant  Beckham,  commanding,  of  the 
24th  Regiment,  S.  C.  The  Battery  Island  road  was  so  obstructed, 
as  to  be  impassible  by  troops  or  vehicles,  ran  between  this  felled 
thicket  and  a  dense  wood  stretching  towards  Grimball's  on  the  Stono. 
Simonton's  battalion  coming  up  was  placed  behind  the  felled  thicket 
in  line  of  battle,  its  right  resting  near  the  Battery  Island  road,  and  the 
detachment  of  the  First  regiment  was  placed  in  reserve  in  the  Battery 
Island  road,  throwing  out  a  strong  line  of  skimishers  towards  the 
Stono  (which  runs  nearly  parellel  with  this  road),  to  guard  against  an 
advance  from  that  point.     Boyce's  piece  under  Lieutenant  Jeter  was 


Battle,  of  Secessionville.  65 

placed  on   Simonton's  left,   at  the  extremity  of  the  felled    thicket. 

The  object  of  this  disposition  was  chiefly  defensive,  as  a  general 
advance  upon  our  lines  seemed  imminent.  Three  regiments  of  infan- 
try advanced  in  front  of  us,  but  beyond  musket-range,  to  attack  the 
west  flank  of  the  work  at  Secessionville,  being  supported  by  a  bat- 
tery of  field  artillery,  near  the  Battery  Island  road,  in  front  of  and 
beyond  Simonton's  right.  Lieutenant  Jeter  was  directed  to  open  upon 
these  regiments,  which  he  did  with  effect.  I  immediately  sent  to  the 
General  Commanding,  asking  to  be  supported  in  making  an  attack 
upon  the  rear  and  flank  of  these  regiments.  When  the  permission 
to  attack  and  the  assurance  of  support  arrived  the  enemy  had  re- 
treated. In  the  meanwhile  the  fire  of  Jeter's  piece  drew  upon  us  a 
heavy  fire  from  the  enemy's  field  battery,  which,  from  the  sheltered 
position  of  our  troops,  did  but  little  damage,  and  four  companies  of 
the  Third  Rhode  Island  Regiment  were  sent  in  as  skirmishers  to  seize 
the  felled  woods  and  capture  the  piece.  Stevens's  skirmishers  gal- 
lantly repulsed  them.  A  portion  of  the  enemy,  however,  penetrated 
to  Simonton's  line  of  battle,  and  one  of  his  companies  was  for  a  few 
moments  engaged  in  driving  them  back.  A  few  casualties  in  other 
portions  of  his  line  occurred  from  the  random  fire  of  the  enemy  en- 
gaged with  our  skirmishers,  and  one  man  in  the  detachment  from  the 
First  Regiment  was  wounded  in  the  same  way. 

The  enemy  in  retiring  were  seen  carrying  ofl'  their  wounded.  Six 
men  were  left  dead  in  front  of  our  skirmishers,  twelve  were  left  dead 
farther  on  towards  Secessionville,  where  the  three  regiments  spoken 
of  were  fired  upon  by  Lieutenant  Jeter,  making  their  loss  in  this  part 
of  the  field  eighteen  killed.  Eleven  prisoners  were  captured,  of  whom 
eight  were  wounded.  Sixty-eight  small  arms,  mostly  Enfield  rifles 
were  abandoned  by  them  and  recovered  by  this  command.  Our  loss 
was  eight  killed,  twenty-two  wounded,  two  missing. 

Appended  is  a  detailed  list  of  casualties 

I  have  the  honor  to  be 

Very  respectfully, 

Johnson  Hagood, 
Colonel  1st  S.  C    V.,  Conmianding  Advanced  Forces. 

Capt.  Mallory  P.  Kmg,A.  A.  G.,  James  Island. 

5 


66  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Headquarters  James  Island, 
June  22,  1862. 

Colo7iel  Hagood,  Commanding  Advanced  Line,  East  Division,  James 
Island : 

Colonel, — In  the  absence  of  General  Evans,  first  in  command 
on  the  i6th  instant,  allow  me  to  \\\'a,n\;.  yoii  for  your  distinguished  ser- 
vices on  that  day,  and  through  you  to  thayik  Colonel  Stevens,  Colonel 
Simo7iton  and  the  other  gallatit  officers  and  men  under  your  com- 
mand, for  their  noble  ajid  gallant  service  at  that  time.  Please  make 
known  my  views  to  your  command. 

Very  respectfully,  sir,  your  obedient  servant, 

Wm.  Duncan  Smith, 
Brigadier-  Ge7ieral  Conunanding. 


Contributions  to  the  History  of  the  Confederate  Ordnance  Department. 

[We  have  long  desired  to  secure  a  series  of  papers  on  Confederate 
Ordnance — the  great  obstacles  with  which  our  Government  had  to 
contend,  the  able  and  efficient  means  employed  to  overcome  these 
obstacles,  and  the  splendid  results  achieved  in  the  face  of  difficulties 
which  would  have  appalled  men  of  less  nerve  and  defeated  officers  of 
less  skill. 

Our  gallant  and  accomplished  friend.  General  I.  M.  St.  John,  who 
was  so  long  the  chief  of  the  Nitre  and  Mining  Bureau,  had  promised 
to  secure  us  such  a  series  of  papers  from  those  who  were  in  position 
to  know  the  facts,  and  was  at  work  on  it  with  his  accustomed  energy 
when  death  deprived  us  of  his  invaluable  services. 

General  Gorgas,  the  able  chief  of  the  Department,  had  promised 
to  make  his  contribution,  when  his  lamented  death  ended  a  long  and 
useful  career. 

We  count  ourselves,  therefore,  especially  fortunate  that  the  follow- 
ing paper  from  General  Gorgas  has  been  preserved — that  other  inter- 
esting and  valuable  papers  have  been  promised — and  that  Colonel 
William  Allan,  the  accomplished  Chief  of  Ordnance  of  the  old  Sec- 
ond Corps  Army  Northern  Virginia,  has  kindly  consented  to  edit 
them  for  us.] 


Confederate  Ordnnnce  Department.  67 

INTRODUCTORY  NOTE  BY  COLONEL  WILLIAM  ALLAN. 

McDoNOUGH,  Md.,  January,  1884. 

Probably  no  better  illustration  of  the  difficulties  which  lay  in  the 
way  of  organizing  and  supplying  the  large  armies  kept  in  the  field 
by  the  Confederate  Government,  and  of  the  skill  and  energy  by  which 
these  difficulties  were  surmounted,  is  to  be  found  than  in  the  history 
of  the  Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  A  full  account  of  its 
operations  would  constitute  one  of  the  most  creditable  and  interesting 
chapters  in  the  history  of  the  Confederacy.  Much  of  the  data  for 
such  a  narrative  has  perished,  and  what  remains  is  widely  scattered. 
It  has  been  proposed  to  save  what  is  left  by  means  of  a  series  of 
"Contributions  to  the  History  of  the  Confederate  States  Ordnance 
Department,"  to  consist  of  such  facts  as  surviving  officers  of  that 
Department  may  be  able  to  furnish. 

It  is  greatly  to  be  regretted  that  General  Gorgas,  to  whose  energy, 
zeal,  and  executive  ability,  more  than  to  any  other  one  cause,  the 
remarkable  efficiency  of  the  Ordnance  Department  was  due,  did  not 
prepare  a  full  narrative  of  its  operations.  His  lamented  death  pre- 
vented this,  and  deprives  us  of  the  further  service  he  might  thus  have 
added  to  a  most  honorable  and  useful  career.  Among  his  papers 
were  found,  however,  the  following  most  valuable  historical  memo- 
randa. Mrs.  Gorgas  has  kindly  consented  to  the  publication  of  this 
paper,  with  the  statement  that  these  notes  were  informal,  and  not 
intended  by  General  Gorgas  for  publication  in  their  present  unfin- 
ished shape. 

We  believe  that  even  in  its  present  shape  this  paper  contains  the 
best  and  most  reliable  sketch  of  the  work  of  the  Confederate  Ord- 
nance Department  that  is  now  attainable.  It  is  offered  as  the  first  of 
the  "  Contributions,"  with  the  hope  and  expectation  that  subsequent 
papers  may  supplement  and  fill  out  subjects  too  briefly  touched  upon 
by  General  Gorgas. 

W.  Allan. 
Paper  I. 

[Found  among  the  papers  of  the  late  General  Josiah  Gorgas,  Chief  of  Ordnance  of  the  Confederate 

States.] 

Notes  on  the   Ordnayice  Departm.e7it  of  the  Coyifederate  Government. 

SMALL    ARMS. 

At  the  formation  of  the  government,  or  at  the  beginning  of  the 
war,  the  arms  at  command  were  distributed  as  follows,  as  nearly  as  I 
can  recollect : 


68  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Rifles.  Muskets. 

At  Richmond,  Va.  (about) 4,000  

Fayetteville  Arsenal,  North  CaroHna  (about)..     2,000  25,000 

Charleston  Arsenal,  South  CaroHna  (about)...     2,000  20,000 

Augusta  Arsenal,  Georgia  i  about) 3,000  28,000 

Mount  Vernon  Arsenal,  Alabama 2,000  20,000 

Baton  Rouge  Arsenal,  Louisiana 2,000  27,000 


15,000  120,000 

There  were  at  Richmond  about  60,000  old,  worthless  flint  muskets, 
and  at  Baton  Rouge  about  10,000  old  Hall's  rifles  and  carbines. 

Besides  the  foregoing,  there  were  at  Little  Rock,  Ark.,  a  few  thou- 
sand stands,  and  some  few  at  the  Texas  arsenals,  increasing  the  aggre- 
gate of  serviceable  arms  to,  say,  143,000.  To  these  must  be  added 
the  arms  owned  by  the  several  States  and  by  military  organizations 
throughout  the  country,  giving,  say,  150,000  in  all  Jbr  the  use  of  the 
armies  of  the  Confederacy.  The  rifles  were  of  the  calibre  54,  known 
as  Mississippi  rifles,  except  those  at  Richmond,  taken  from  Harper's 
Ferry,  which  were  calibre  58 ;  the  muskets  were  the  old  flint-lock, 
calibre  69,  altered  to  percussion.  Of  sabres  there  were  a  few  boxes 
at  each  arsenal,  and  some  short  artillery  swords.  A  few  hundred 
holster  pistols  were  scattered  here  and  there.  There  were  no  re- 
volvers. 

AMMUNITION,    POWDER    AND    LEAD. 

There  was  little  ammunition  of  any  kind,  or  powder,  at  the  arse- 
nals in  the  South,  and  that  little  relics  of  the  Mexican  war,  stored 
principally  at  Baton  Rouge  and  Mount  Vernon  arsenals.  I  doubt 
whether  there  were  a  million  rounds  of  small-arm  cartridges  in  the 
Confederacy.  Lead  there  was  none  in  store.  Of  powder  the  chief 
supply  was  that  captured  at  Norfolk,  though  there  was  a  small  quan- 
tity at  each  of  the  Southern  arsenals,  say  60,000  pounds  in  all,  chiefly 
old  cannon  powder.  The  stock  of  percussion  caps  could  not  have 
exceeded  one-quarter  of  a  million. 

ARTILLERY. 

There  were  no  batteries  of  serviceable  field  artillery  at  any  of  the 
Southern  arsenals.  A  few  old  iron  guns,  mounted  on  Gribeaural  car- 
riages, fabricated  about  the  time  of  the  war  of  181 2,  composed  nearly 
the  entire  park  which  the  Confederate  States  fell  heir  to.    There  were 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  69 

some  serviceable  batteries  belonging  to  the  States,  and  some  which 
belonged  to  volunteer  companies.  There  were  neither  harness,  sad- 
dles, bridles,  blankets,  nor  other  artillery  or  cavalry  equipments. 

Thus  to  furnish  150,000  men  on  both  sides  of  the  Mississippi,  on 
say  the  ist  of  May,  i86r,  there  were  on  hand  no  infantry  accoutre- 
ments, no  cavalry  arms  or  equipments — no  artillery  and,  above  all,  no 
ammunition ;  nothing  save  small  arms,  and  these  almost  wholly 
smooth-bore,  altered  from  flint  to  percussion.  Let  us  see  what  means 
we  had  for  producing  these  supplies. 

ARSENALS,    WORKSHOPS,    FOUNDRIES,    ETC. 

Within  the  limits  of  the  Confederate  States,  there  were  no  arsenals 
at  which  any  of  the  material  of  war  was  constructed.  No  arsenal,  ex- 
cept that  at  Fayetteville,  N.  C,  had  a  single  machine  above  a  foot- 
lathe.  Such  arsenals  as  there  were,  had  been  used  only  as  depots. 
All  the  work  of  preparation  of  material  had  been  carried  on  at  the 
North  ;  not  an  arm,'*'  not  a  gun,  not  a  gun  carriage,  and  except  dur- 
ing the  Mexican  war — scarcely  a  round  of  ammunition  had,  for  hfty 
years,  been  prepared  in  the  Confederate  States.  There  were  con- 
sequently no  workmen,  or  very  few  of  them,  skilled  in  these  arts. 
No  powder,  save  perhaps  for  blasting,  had  been  made  at  the  South ; 
and  there  was  no  saltpetre  in  store  at  any  point ;  it  was  stored  wholly  at 
the  North.  There  was  no  lead  nor  any  mines  of  it,  except  on  the 
Northern  limit  of  the  Confederacy,  in  Virginia,  and  the  situation  of 
that  made  its  product  precarious.  Only  one  cannon  foundry  existed  : 
at  Richmond.  Copper,  so  necessary  for  field  artillery  and  for  per- 
cussion caps,  was  just  being  produced  in  East  Tennessee.  There  was 
no  rolling  mill  for  bar  iron  south  of  Richmond  ;  and  but  few  blast 
furnaces,  and  these  small,  and  with  trifling  exceptions  in  the  border 
States  of  Virginia  and  Tennessee. 

Such  were  the  supplies  and  such  the  situation  when  I  took  charge 
of  the  Ordnance  Department  on  the  8th  of  April,  i86r. 

The  first  thing  to  be  attended  to  was  the  supply  of  powder.  Large 
orders  had  been  sent  to  the  North,  both  by  the  Confederate  Govern- 
ment and  some  of  the  States,  and  these  were  being  rapidly  filled  at 
the  date  of  the  attack  on  Fort  Sumter.  The  entire  product  of  one 
large  Northern  mill  was  being  received  at  a  Southern  port.  Of  course 
all  the  ports  were  soon  sealed  to  such  importations  from  the  North. 
Attention  was  at  once  turned  to  the  production  of  nitre  in  North 


*See  note  on  transfer  of  arm.s  to  the  South. 


70  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Alabama  and  in  Tennessee — in  the  latter  State  under  the  energetic 
supervision  of  its  Ordnance  Department.  An  adequate  supply  of 
sulphur  was  found  in  New  Orleans,  where  large  quantities  were  in 
store  to  be  used  in  sugar-refining.  The  entire  stock  was  secured, 
amounting  to  some  four  or  five  hundred  tons. 

The  erection  of  a  large  powder-mill  was  early  pressed  by  Presi- 
dent Davis,  and  about  the  middle  of  June,  1861,  he  directed  me  to 
detail  an  ofiicer  to  select  a  site  and  begin  the  work.  The  day  after  this 
order  was  given  Colonel  G  W.  Rains,  a  graduate  of  West  Point,  in 
every  way  qualified  for  this  service,  arrived  in  Richmond,  through 
the  blockade,  and  at  once  set  out  under  written  instructions  from  me 
to  carry  out  the  President's  wishes.  He,  however,  went  first  to  East 
Tennessee  to  supervise  and  systematize  the  operations  of  two  small 
private  mills,  which  were  then  at  work  for  the  State  of  Tennessee. 

Thus,  in  respect  to  powder  and  our  means  of  making  it,  we  had, 
perhaps,  at  this  time  (June  ist,  1861,)  250.000  pounds,  chiefly  can- 
non, at  Norfolk  and  in  Georgia,  and  as  much  more  nitre  (mainly  im- 
ported by  the  State  of  Georgia).  We  had  no  powder-mills,  except 
the  two  rude  ones  just  referred  to,  and  no  experience  in  making  pow- 
der or  in  getting  nitre.     All  had  to  be  learned. 

As  to  a  further  supply  of  arms,  steps  had  been  taken  by  the  Presi- 
dent to  import  these  and  other  ordnance  stores  from  Europe ;  and 
Major  Caleb  Huse,  a  graduate  of  West  Point,  and  at  that  moment 
professor  in  the  University  of  Alabama,  was  selected  to  go  abroad 
and  secure  them.  He  left  Montgomery  under  instructions  early  in 
April,  with  a  credit  of  ^^10,000  ( ! )  from  Mr.  Memminger.  The  ap- 
pointment proved  a  happy  one ;  for  he  succeeded,  with  a  very  little 
money,  in  buying  a  good  supply,  and  in  running  the  Ordnance  De- 
partment into  debt  for  nearly  half  a  million  sterling — the  very  best 
proof  of  his  fitness  for  his  place,  and  of  a  financial  ability  which  sup- 
plemented the  narrowness  of  Mr.  Memminger's  purse. 

Before  this,  and  immediately  upon  the  formation  of  the  Confederate 
Government,  Admiral  Semmes  had  been  sent  to  the  North  by  Presi- 
dent Davis  as  purchasing  agent  of  arms  and  other  ordnance  stores, 
and  succeeded  in  making  contracts  for,  and  purchases  of,  powder, 
percussion  caps,  cap  machinery  (never  delivered),  revolvers,  &c. 
He  also  procured  drawings  for  a  bullet-pressing  machine,  and  other 
valuable  information. 

The  sets  of  machinery  for  making  the  rifle  with  sword  bayonet, 
and  the  rifle-musket  model  of  1855,  had  been  seized  at  Harper's 
Ferry  by  the  State  of  Virginia.     That  for  the  rifle-musket  was  being 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  71 

transferred  by  the  State  to  her  ancient  armory  at  Richmond,  under 
the  direction  of  Lieutenant-Colonel  Burton,  an  officer  in  the  service 
of  Virginia,  whose  experience  in  the  armories  of  the  United  States 
and  in  the  erection  of  the  works  at  Enfield,  near  London,  qualified 
him  above  all  for  the  work.  The  other  set  of  machines  was  sent  to 
Fayetteville,  N.  C,  by  consent  of  the  State  of  Virginia,  to  be  there 
re-erected,  as  there  was  at  that  point  an  arsenal  with  steam  power, 
and  some  good  buildings,  which  had  heretofore  never  been  put  to 
any  use.  These  two  setts  of  machinery — capable,  if  worked  with  but 
one  set  of  hands  to  each,  of  producing  2,000  to  2,500  stands  per 
month  in  all — were  the  only  prospective  resources  at  home.  With 
additional  workmen,  and  sorhe  extension  of  the  machinery,  much 
larger  results  could  be  obtained.  But  the  workmen  were  not  to  be 
had.  As  it  was,  it  would  take  many  months  to  put  it  in  working 
order.  Parts  were  missing,  and  some  injury  done  in  the  hasty  trans- 
fer (partly  under  fire*)  from  Harper's  Ferry.  There  were  no  private 
armoiies  at  the  South;  nor  was  there  any  inducement,  prior  to  the 
war,  to  turn  capital  in  that  direction.  Thus,  the  class  of  skilled 
operatives  needed  were  unknown  to  this  region.  In  New  Orleans  the 
Brothers  Cook  were  embarking  in  the  business  of  making  small  arms, 
assisted  by  the  purses  and  encouraged  by  the  sympathy  of  patriotic 
citizens. 

Infield  artillery  the  production  was  confined  almost  entirely  to  the 
Tredegar  Works,  in  Richmond.  Some  castings  were  made  in  New 
Orleans,  and  foundries  were  rapidly  acquiring  the  necessary  expe- 
rience to  produce  good  bronze  castings.  The  Ordnance  Department 
of  Tennessee  was  also  turning  its  attention  to  the  manufacture  of  field 
and  seige  artillery  at  Nashville.  At  Rome,  Ga.,  a  foundry — Noble  & 
Son — was  induced  to  undertake  the  casting  of  three-inch  rifles,  after 
drawings  furnished  at  Montgomery;  but  the  progress  made  was 
necessarily  slow.  The  State  of  Virginia  possessed  a  number  of  old 
four-pounder  iron  guns,  which  were  reamed  out  to  get  a  good  bore, 


*The  saving  of  this  machinery  from  the  flames,  was  due  to  the  heroic 
conduct  of  the  operatives  themselves,  headed  by  Mr.  Ball,  the  master 
armorer,  who  clung  to  his  machinery,  and  by  the  greatest  efforts,  continued 
often  under  fire,  saved  almost  the  entire  "phmt."  The  names  of  Mr.  Cope- 
land  and  Major  W.  S.  Downer  are  also  mentioned  in  this  connection.  The 
older  brother,  Frederick,  was  a  most  competent  mechanic,  and  a  man  of 
decided  administrative  ability.  He  was  almost  the  only  one  who  succeeded 
in  producing  a  good  service  arm.  He  was  finally  killed  in  the  trenches  at 
Savannah,  fighting  with  a  command  composed  of  his  own  operatives. 


72  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  were  rifled  with  three  grooves,  after  the  manner  of  Parrott.  The 
army  in  observation  at  Harper's  Ferry,  and  that  at  Manassas,  were 
supplied  with  old  batteries  of  six-pounder  guns  and  twelve-pounder 
Howitzers.  A  few  Parrott  guns  purchased  by  the  State  of  Virginia 
were  with  Magruder  at  Big  Bethel. 

P'or  the  ammunition  and  equipments  required  for  the  infantry  and 
artillery  a  good  laboratory  and  shops  had  been  established  at  Rich- 
mond by  the  State,  but  none  of  the  Southern  arsenals  were  yet  in  a 
condition  to  do  much  work.  The  arsenal  at  Augusta,  Ga.,  was  di- 
rected to  organize  for  the  preparation  of  ammunition  and  the  making 
of  knapsacks,  of  which  there  were  none  wherewith  to  equip  the  troops 
now  daily  taking  the  field.  The  arsenal  at  Charleston  and  the  depot 
at  Savannah  were  occupied  chiefly  with  local  work.  The  arsenal  at 
Baton  Rouge  was  rapidly  getting  under  way  ;  and  that  at  Mt.  Vernon, 
Ala.,  was  also  being  prepared  for  work.  None  of  them  had  had  facili- 
ties for  the  work  usually  done  at  an  arsenal.  Fayetteville,  N.  C.  was  in 
the  hands  of  that  State,  and  was  occupied  chiefly  in  repairing  some 
arms,  and  in  making  up  a  small  amount  of  small  arm  ammunition. 
Little  artillery  ammunition  was  being  made  up,  except  for  local  pur- 
poses, save  at  Richmond. 

Such  was  the  general  condition  of  supplies  when  the  Government, 
quitting  Montgomery,  established  itself  at  Richmond. 

PROGRESS    OF    MANUFACTURE. 

Colonel  Rains,  in  the  course  of  the  Summer  of  1861,  established  a 
refinery  of  saltpetre  at  or  near  Nashville,  and  to  this  point  chiefly 
were  sent  the  nitre,  obtained  from  the  State  of  Georgia,  and  that 
derived  from  caves  in  East  and  Middle  Tennessee.  He  supplied  the 
two  powder  mills  in  that  State  with  nitre,  properly  refined,  and  good 
powder  was  thus  produced.  A  small  portion  of  the  Georgia  nitre 
was  sent  to  two  small  mills  in  South  Carolina, — at  Pendleton  and 
Walhalla — and  a  powder  produced,  inferior  at  first,  but  afterwards 
improved.  The  State  of  North  Carolina  established  a  mill  near  Ral- 
eigh, under  contract  with  certain  parties  to  whom  the  State  was  to 
furnish  the  nitre,  of  which  a  great  part  was  derived  from  caves  in 
Georgia.  A  stamping  mill  was  also  put  up  near  New  Orleans,  and 
powder  produced  before  the  fall  of  the  city.  Small  quantities  of 
powder  were  also  received  through  the  blockade  from  Wilmington  to 
Galveston,  some  of  it  of  very  inferior  quality.  The  great  quantity  ol 
artillery  placed  in  position  from  the  Potomac  to  the  Rio  Grande,  re  - 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  73 

quired  a  vast  supply  of  powder  (there  was  no  immediate  want  of  pro- 
jectiles) to  furnish  even  the  scant  allowance  of  fifty  rounds  to  each 
gun.  I  think  we  may  safely  estimate  that  on  the  ist  of  January,  1862, 
there  were  1,500  sea  coast  guns  of  various  calibres  in  position,  from 
Evansport  on  the  Potomac  to  Fort  Brown  on  the  Rio  Grande.  If 
we  average  their  calibre  at  thirty-two  pounders,  and  the  charge  at  five 
pounds,  it  will  at  forty  rounds  per  gun,  give  us  6co,ooo  pounds  of 
powder  for  these.  The  field-artillery — say  300  guns — with  200 
rounds  to  the  piece,  would  require,  say  125,000  pounds,  and  the  small 
arm  cartridges,  10,000,000,  would  consume  125,000  pounds  more — 
making  in  all  850,000  pounds.  If  we  deduct  250,000  pounds,  sup- 
posed to  be  on  hand,  in  various  shapes,  at  the  beginning  of  the  war, 
we  have  an  increment  of  600,000  pounds.  Of  this,  perhaps  200,000 
pounds  had  been  made  at  the  Tennessee  and  other  mills,  leaving 
400,000  to  have  been  supplied  through  the  blockade,  and  before  the 
commencement  of  actual  hostilities. 

The  site  of  the  Government  Powder-Mills  was  fixed  at  Augusta, 
Georgia,  on  the  report  of  Colonel  Rains,  and  progress  was  made  on 
the  work  in  this  year.  There  were  two  large  buildings,  in  the  Nor- 
man (castellated)  style  of  architecture;  one  contained  the  refinery 
and  store-rooms — the  other  being  the  mills,  twelve  in  number.  They 
were  arranged  in  the  best  way  on  the  canal  which  supplied  water- 
power  to  Augusta.  This  canal  served  as  the  means  of  transport  for 
the  material  from  point  to  point  of  its  manufacture,  though  the  mills 
were  driven  by  steam.  All  the  machinery,  including  the  very  heavy 
rollers,  was  made  in  the  Confederate  States.  The  various  qualities  of 
powder  purchased,  captured  and  produced  were  sources  of  irregu- 
larity in  the  ranges  of  our  artillery  and  small  arms— unavoidably  so 
of  course.  We  were  only  too  glad  to  take  any  sort  of  powder ;  and 
we  bought  some  brought  into  Florida,  the  best  range  of  which  scarcely 
exceeded  one  hundred  and  sixty  yards  with  the  cprouvette. 

Contracts  were  made  abroad  for  the  delivery  of  nitre  through  the 
blockade,  and  for  producing  it  at  home  from  caves.  The  amount  of 
the  latter  delivered  by  contracts  was  considerable — chiefly  in  Ten- 
nessee. 

The  consumption  of  lead  was  in  part  met  by  the  Virginia  lead 
mines  ( Wytheville),  the  yield  from  which  was  from  100,000  to  150,- 
000  pounds  per  month.  A  laboratory  for  the  smelting  of  other  ores, 
from  the  Silver  Hill  mines.  North  Carolina,  and  Jonesboro,  East  Ten- 
nessee, was  put  up  at  Petersburg,  under  the  direction  of  Dr.  Piggott, 
of  Baltimore.  It  was  very  well  constructed  ;  was  capable  of  smelting 
a  good  many  thousand  pounds  per  day,  and  was  in  operation  before 


74  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

midsummer  of  1862.  Mines  were  opened  on  account  of  Government 
in  East  Tennessee,  near  the  State  line  of  Virginia.  They  were  never 
valuable,  and  were  soon  abandoned.  Lead  was  collected  in  consid- 
erable quantities  throughout  the  country  by  the  laborious  exertions 
of  agents  employed  for  this  purpose.  The  battle-field  of  Bull  Run 
was  fully  gleaned,  and  much  lead  collected. 

By  the  close  of  1861  the  following  arsenals  and  depots  were  at 
work,  having  been  supplied  with  some  machinery  and  facilities,  and 
were  producing  the  various  munitions  and  equipments  required : 
Augusta.  Ga. ;  Charleston,  S.  C. ;  Fayetteville,  N.  C. ;  Richmond,  Va. ; 
Savannah,  Ga. ;  Nashville,  Tenn. ;  Memphis,  Tenn.;  Mount  Vernon, 
Ala.;  Baton  Rouge,  La.;  Montgomery,  Ala.;  Little  Rock,  Ark.;  and 
San  Antonio,  Texas — altogether  eight  arsenals  and  four  depots.  It 
would,  of  course,  have  been  better,  had  it  been  practicable,  to  have 
condensed  our  work  and  to  have  had  fewer  places  of  manufacture ; 
but  the  country  was  deficient  in  the  transportation  which  would  have 
been  required  to  place  the  raw  material  at  a  few  arsenals.  In  this 
way  only  could  we  avail  ourselves  of  local  resources,  both  of  labor 
and  material.  Thus  by  the  close  of  1861  a  good  deal  had  been  done 
in  the  way  of  organization  to  produce  the  material  of  war  needed  by 
an  army,  as  far  as  our  means  permitted.  But  our  troops  were  still 
very  poorly  armed  and  equipped.  The  old  smooth-bore  musket  was 
still  the  principal  weapon  of  the  infantry ;  the  artillery  had  the  six- 
pounder  gun  and  twelve-pounder  howitzer  chiefly ;  and  the  cavalry 
were  armed  with  anything  they  could  get — sabres,  horse-pistols,  re- 
volvers. Sharp's  carbines,  musketoons,  short  Enfield  rifles,  Hale's  car- 
bines (a  wretched  apology),  muskets  cut  off,  etc.,  etc.  Equipments 
were  in  many  cases  made  of  stout  domestic,  stitched  in  triple  folds 
and  covered  with  paint  or  rubber,  varnished. 

But  poor  as  were  our  arms,  we  had  not  enough  of  these  to  equip 
the  troops  which  were  pressing  to  the  front  in  July  and  August,  1861. 
In  the  winter  of  i86i-'2,  while  McClellan  was  preparing  his  great 
army  near  Alexandria,  we  resorted  to  the  making  oi  pikes  for  the  in- 
fantry and  lances  for  the  cavalry  ;  many  thousands  of  the  former  were 
made  at  the  various  arsenals,  but  were  little  used.  No  access  of  en- 
thusiasm could  induce  our  people  to  rush  to  the  field  armed  with 
pikes.  I  remember  a  formidable  weapon,  which  was  invented  at  this 
time,  in  the  shape  of  a  stout  wooden  sheath  containing  a  two-edged 
straight  sword  some  two  feet  long.  The  sheath  or  truncheon  could 
be  levelled,  and  the  sword,  liberated  from  the  compression  of  a  strong 
spring  by  touching  a  trigger  leaped  out  with  sufficient  force  to  transfix 
an  opponent. 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  •    75 

About  December,  1861,  arms  began  to  come  in  through  the  pur- 
chases of  Major  Huse,  and  we  had  a  good  many  Enfield  rifles  in  the 
hands  of  our  troops  at  Shiloh,  which  were  received  in  time  for  use 
there  through  the  blockade.  Major  Huse  had  found  the  market 
pretty  well  cleaned  of  arms  by  the  late  war  in  Europe,  but  he  had 
succeeded  in  making  contracts  with  private  manufacturers,  of  which 
these  arms  were  the  result. 

I  will  not  attempt  to  trace  the  development  of  our  work  in  its  order, 
as  I  at  first  intended,  but  will  note  simply  what  I  can  recollect,  paying 
some  attention  to  the  succession  of  events. 

The  winter  of  1861-2  was  the  darkest  period  of  my  department. 
Powder  was  called  for  on  every  hand — Bragg,  at  Pensacola,  for  his 
big  ten-inch  Columbiads  :  Lovell,  at  New  Orleans,  for  his  extended 
defences,  and  especially  for  his  inadequate  artillery  at  Forts  Jackson 
and  St.  Phillips  ;  Polk,  at  Columbus,  Kentucky  ;  Johnston,  for  his 
numerous  batteries  on  the  Potomac;  Magruder,  at  Yorktown.  All 
these  were  deemed  most  important  points.  Then  came  Wilmington, 
Georgetown,  Port  Royal,  and  Fernandina.  Not  a  few  of  these  places 
sent  representatives  to  press  their  claims —  Mr.  Yulee  from  Fernan- 
dina, and  Colonel  Gonzales  from  Charleston.  Heavy  guns,  too,  were 
called  tor  in  all  directions — the  largest  guns  for  the  smallest  places. 

The  abandonment  of  the  line  of  the  Potomac,  and  of  the  upper 
Mississippi  from  Columbus  to  Memphis;  the  evacuation  of  the  works 
below  Pensacola,  and  of  Yorktown,  somewhat  relieved  us  from  the 
pressure  for  heavy  artillery  ;  and  after  the  powder-mills  at  Augusta 
went  into  operation  in  the  fall  of  1862,  we  had  little  trouble  in  sup- 
plying ammunition. 

To  obtain  the  iron  needed  for  cannon  and  projectiles,  it  became 
necessary  to  stimulate  its  production  in  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  Ten- 
nessee, Georgia,  and  Alabama.  To  this  end,  contracts  were  made 
with  iron-masters  in  these  States  on  liberal  terms,  and  advances  of 
money  made  to  them,  to  be  refunded  in  products.  These  contracts 
were  difficult  to  arrange,  as  so  much  had  to  be  done  for  the  con- 
tractor. He  must  have  details  from  the  army  and  the  privilege  of 
transport  of  provisions  and  other  supplies  over  the  railroads.  And 
then  the  question  of  the  currency  was  a  continually  recurring  pro- 
blem. Mr.  Benjamin,  who  succeeded  Mr.  Walker  in  the  War  Depart- 
ment, gave  me  great  assistance  in  the  matter  of  making  contracts, 
and  seemed  quite  at  home  in  arranging  these  details.  His  power  of 
work  was  amazing  to  me  ;  and  he  appeared  as  fresh  at  12  o'clock  at 
night,  after  a  hard  day's  work,  as  he  had  been  at  9  o'clock  in  the 
morning. 


7fi  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

About  May,  1862,  finding^  that  the  production  of  nitre  and  of  iron 
must  be  systematically  pursued,  and  to  this  end  thoroughly  organ- 
ized, I  sought  for  the  right  person  to  place  in  charge  of  this  vital 
duty.  My  choice  fell  on  Colonel  I.  M.  St.  John  (afterwards  Commis- 
sary-General of  Subsistence),  and  was  eminently  fortunate.  He  had 
the  gift  of  organization,  and  I  placed  him  in  charge  of  the  whole 
subject  of  producing  nitre  from  caves  and  from  other  sources,  and  of 
the  formation  of  nitre  beds,  which  had  already  been  begun  in  Rich- 
mond. Under  his  supervision  beds  were  instituted  at  Columbia  S. 
C,  Charleston,  Savannah,  Augusta,  Mobile,  Selma,  and  various  other 
points.  We  never  extracted  nitre  from  these  beds,  except  for  trial; 
but  they  were  carefully  attended  to,  enriched  and  extended,  and  were 
becoming  quite  valuable.  At  the  close  of  1864  we  had,  according  to 
General  St.  John,  2,800,000  cubic  feet  of  earth  collected  and  in  various 
stages  of  nitrification,  of  which  a  large  proportion  was  prepared  to 
yield  one  and  a  half  pounds  of  nitre  per  foot  of  earth,  including  all 
the  nitre-beds  from  Richmond  to  Florida. 

Through  Colonel  St.  John,  the  whole  nitre-bearing  area  of  country 
was  laid  off  into  districts ;  each  district  in  charge  of  an  officer,  who 
made  his  monthly  reports  to  the  office  at  Richmond.  These  officers 
procured  details  ol  workmen,  generally  from  those  subject  to  military 
duty  in  the  mountain  regions  where  disaffection  existed,  and  carried 
on  extended  works  in  their  several  districts.  In  this  way  we  brought 
up  the  nitre  production,  in  the  course  of  a  year,  to  something  like 
half  bur  total  consumption  of  nitre.  It  was  a  rude,  wild  sort  of  ser- 
vice ;  and  the  officers  in  charge  of  these  districts,  especially  in  East 
Tennessee,  North  Carolina,  and  North  Alabama,  had  to  show  much 
firmness  in  their  dealings  with  the  turbulent  people  among  whom, 
and  by  whose  aid,  they  worked.  It  is  a  curious  fact  that  the  district 
on  which  we  could  rely  for  the  most  constant  yield  of  nitre,  having  its 
headquarters  at  Greensboro',  N.  C,  had  no  nitre-caves  in  it.  The 
nitre  was  produced  by  the  lixiviation  of  nitrous  earth  dug  from  under 
old  houses,  barns,  &c. 

The  nitre  production  thus  organized,  there  was  added  to  the  Nitre 
Bureau  the  duty  of  supervising  the  production  of  iron,  lead,  copper, 
and,  in  fine,  all  the  minerals  which  needed  development,  including  the 
making  of  sulphuric  and  nitric  acids  ;  which  latter  we  had  to  manu- 
facture to  insure  a  supply  of  fulmirate  ol  mercury  for  our  percussion 
caps.  To  give  an  idea  of  the  extent  of  the  duty  thus  performed: 
Colonel  Morton,  Chief  of  the  Nitre  and  Mining  Bureau,  after  the 
transfer  of  General  St.  John,  writes :  "  We  were  aiding  and  managing 
some  twenty  to  thirty  furnaces,  with  an  annual    yield  of  50,000  tons 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  77 

or  more  of  pig  metal.  We  had  erected  lead  and  copper  smelting  fur- 
naces [at  Petersburg,  before  referred  to]  with  a  capacity  sufficient  for 
all  our  wants,  and  had  succeeded  in  smelting  zinc  of  good  quality  at 
the  same  place."  The  ("hemical  Works  were  placed  at  Charlotte, 
N.  C,  where  a  f)rett3'  large  leaden  chamber  for  sulphuric  acid  was  put 
up.  Our  chief  supjjly  of  chemicals  continued  to  come,  however, 
from  abroad,  through  the  blockade,  and  these  works,  as  well  as  our 
nitraries,  were  as  much  preparation  against  the  day  when  the  blockade 
might  seal  all  foreign  supply,  as  for  present  use.  These  constituted 
our  reserves,  ior  final  conflict. 

We  had  not  omitted  to  have  a  pretty  thorough,  though  general  ex- 
ploration of  the  mountain  regions  from  Virginia  to  Alabama,  with  the 
hope  of  finding  new  deposits  of  lead.  One  of  the  earliest  of  these 
searches  was  made  by  Dr.  Maupin,  of  the  University  of  Virginia. 
No  favorable  results  came  from  it.  I  remember  an  anecdote  he  told 
touching  one  of  his  researches.  An  old  settler  showed  the  Doctor  a 
small  lump  of  lead  which  he  had  extracted  from  ore  like  some  he  had 
in  his  possession.  There  was  the  lead  and  here  was  the  ore,  but  it  was 
not  an  ore  of  lead.  The  Doctor  cross-examined  :  "  Did  he  smelt  it 
himself.'"  "Yes."  "What  in?"  "An  iron  ladle,"  such  as  is  used 
for  running  lead  balls.  "  Was  there  nothing  in  the  ladle  but  this  sort 
of  ore?"  "  No,  nothing."  "  Nothing  at  all  ?  No  addition — no  flux?" 
"  No,  nothing  but  a  little  handful  of  common  shot,  thrown  in  to  make 
it  melt  more  easy!  " 

Much  of  the  nitre  region  was  close  to  the  lines  of  the  enemy,  and 
here  and  there  along  its  great  extent  became  debatable  ground.  Not 
seldom  the  whole  working  force  had  to  be  suddenly  withdrawn  on 
the  approach  of  the  enemy,  the  "  plant"  hurried  off,  to  be  again  re- 
turned and  work  resumed  when  the  enemy  had  retired.  Much  of  the 
work,  too,  lay  in  "Union"  districts,  where  our  cause  was  unpopular 
and  where  obstacles  of  all  kinds  had  to  be  encountered  and  over- 
come. It  was  no  holiday  duty,  this  nitre  digging,  although  the  ser- 
vice was  a  good  deal  decried  by  such  as  knew  nothing  of  its  nature. 

MANUFACTURE    OF    INFANTRY,  ARTILLERY  AND    CAVALRY 
EQUIPMENTS. 

In  equipping  the  armies  first  sent  into  the  field  the  supply  of  these 
accessories  was  amazingly  scant;  and  these  deficiencies  were  felt  more 
keenly,  perhaps  than  the  more  important  want  of  arms.  We  had 
arms,  such  as  they  were,  for  over  100,000  men ;  but  we  had  no 
accoutrements    nor  equipments ;  and  these  had  to  be  extemporized 


78  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

in  a  great  measure.  In  time,  knapsacks  were  little  thought  of 
by  the  troops  and  we  at  last  contented  ourselves  with  supplying 
haversacks,  which  the  women  (Heaven  reward  their  labors)  could 
make,  and  for  which  we  could  gel  cotton  cloth.  But  cartridge 
boxes  we  nntst  have  :  and  as  leather  was  also  needed  for  artillery 
harness  and  for  cavalry  saddles,  we  had  to  divide  the  stock  of  leather 
the  country  could  produce,  among  these  much  needed  articles.  But 
soldier's  shoes  were  even  more  needed  than  some  of  these ;  so  that 
as  all  could  not  be  fully  provided,  a  scale  of  preference  was  established. 
Shoes  and  cartridge  boxes  were  most  needed,  and  then  saddles  and 
bridles.  The  President,  whose  practical  sagacity  was  rarely  at  fault, 
early  reduced  these  interests  to  logical  sequence.  He  said,  "  For  the 
infantry,  men  must  first  be  fed,  next  armed,  and  even  clothing  must 
follow  these ;  for  if  they  are  fed  and  have  arms  and  ammunition  they 
can  fight."  Thus  the  Subsistence  Department  had  in  a  general  way, 
a  preference  for  its  requisitions  on  the  Treasury ;  my  department  came 
next,  and  the  Quarter-master's  followed.  Of  course  the  Medical  De- 
partment had  in  some  things  the  lead  of  all,  for  its  duties  referred  to 
the  men  themselves,  and  it  was  necessary  first  of  all  to  keep  the  hos- 
pitals empty  and  the  ranks  full. 

To  economize  leather,  the  cartridge  boxes  and  waist-belts  were 
made  of  prepared  cotton  cloth,  stitched  in  three  or  four  thicknesses. 
Bridle-reins  were  also  so  made,  and  even  cartridge-boxes  covered 
with  it,  except  the  flap.  Saddle- skirts,  too,  were  sometimes  made  in 
this  way,  heavily  stitched.  An  ardent  admirer  of  the  South  came 
over  from  Washington  to  offer  his  patent  for  making  soldiers'  shoes 
with  no  leather  except  the  soles.  The  shoes  were  approved  by  all 
except  those  who  wore  them.  The  soldiers  exchanged  them  with  the 
first  prostrate  enemy  who  no  longer  needed  his  leathern  articles.  To 
get  leather,  each  Department  bargained  for  its  own  hides — made  con- 
tracts with  the  tanner — procured  hands  for  him  by  exemption  from 
the  army — got  transportation  over  the  railroads  for  the  hides  and  for 
supplies — and  finally,  assisted  the  tanner  to  procure  food  for  his  hands, 
and  other  supplies  for  his  tannery.  One  can  readily  see  from  this  in- 
stance how  the  labors  of  the  heads  of  the  departments  became 
extended.  Nothing  but  thorough  organization  could  accomplish 
these  multiplied  and  varied  duties.  We  even  established  a  fishery  on 
the  Cape  Fear  river  to  get  oil  for  mechanical  purposes,  getting  from 
the  sturgeon  beef  at  the  same  time  for  our  workmen. 

In  cavalry  equipments,  the  main  thing  was  to  get  a  good  saddle — 
one  that  did  not  ruin  the  back  of  the  horse ;  for  that,  and  not  the 
rider's  seat  is  the  point  to  be  achieved.     The  rider  soon  accommo- 


Confederate  Ordnance   Departinent.  79 

dates  himself  to  the  seat  provided  for  him.  Not  so  the  animal's  back, 
which  suffers  from  a  bad  saddle.  We  adopted  Jenifer's  tree,  which 
did  very  well  while  the  horses  were  in  good  condition,  and  was  praised 
by  that  prince  of  cavalrymen,  General  J.  E.  B.  Stuart ;  but  it  came  down 
on  the  horses  backbone  and  withers  as  soon  as  the  cushion  of  fat  and 
muscle  dwindled.  The  McClellan  tree  did  better  on  the  whole,  and  we 
finally  succeeded  in  making  a  pretty  good  saddle  of  that  kind — com- 
fortable enough,  but  not  as  durable  as  the  Federal  article.  In  this 
branch  of  the  service,  one  of  the  most  difficult  wants  to  supply  was 
the  horseshoe  for  cavalry  and  artillery.  The  want  of  iron  and  labor 
both  were  felt.  Of  course  such  a  thing  as  a  horseshoe  machine,  to 
turn  out  thousands  an  hour,  was  not  to  be  dreamed  of;  besides,  we 
would  have  had  little  store  of  iron  wherewith  to  feed  it.  Nor  could 
we  set  up  such  machinery  without  much  prevision  ;  for  to  concentrate 
all  work  on  one  machine  required  the  transportation  of  the  iron  to 
one  point,  and  the  distribution  of  the  shoes  from  it  to  all  the  armies. 
But  the  railroads  were  greatly  over-tasked,  and  we  were  compelled 
to  consider  this  point.  Thus  we  were  led  to  employ  every  wayside 
blacksmith  shop  accessible,  especially  those  in  and  near  the  theatre  of 
operations.  These,  again,  had  to  be  looked  after,  supplied  with  ma- 
terial, and  exempted  from  service. 

BUREAU    OF     FOREIGN    SUPPLIES. 

It  soon  became  obvious  that  in  the  Ordnance  Department  we  must 
rely  greatly  on  the  introduction  of  articles  of  prime  necessity  through 
the  blockade  ports.  As  before  stated.  President  Davis  early  saw  this, 
and  had  an  officer  detailed  to  go  abroad  as  the  agent  of  the  depart- 
ment. To  systematize  the  introduction  of  the  purchases,  it  was  soon 
found  advisable  to  own  and  run  our  own  steamers.  Major  Huse 
made  the  suggestion  also  from  that  side  of  the  water.  Accordingly, 
he  purchased  and  sent  in  the  Robert  E.  Lee  at  a  cost  of  ^30,000,  a 
vessel  capable  of  stowing  six  hundred  and  fifty  bales  of  cotton.  This 
vessel  was  kept  running  between  Bermuda  and  Wilmington,  and 
made  some  fifteen  to  eighteen  successive  trips  before  she  was  finally 
captured — the  first  twelve  with  the  regularity  of  a  packet.  She  was 
commanded  first  by  Captain  Wilkinson,  of  the  navy.  Soon  the  Cor- 
nubia,  named  the  Lady  Davis,  was  added,  and  ran  as  successfully  as 
the  R.  E.  Lee.  She  had  the  capacity  of  about  four  hundred  and  fifty 
bales,  and  was  during  the  latter  part  of  her  career  commanded  also 
by  a  former  navy  officer.  Captain  R.  H.  Gayle.  These  vessels  were 
long,  low  and  rather  narrow,  built  for  swiftness,  and  with  their  lights 


80  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

out  and  with  fuel  that  made  little  smoke  they  contrived  to  slip  in  and 
out  of  Wilmington  at  pleasure,  in  spite  of  a  cordon  of  Federal 
cruisers  eager  for  the  spoils  of  a  blockade-runner.  Other  vessels — 
the  Eugenia,  a  beautiful  ship,  the  Stag,  and  several  others  were 
added,  all  devoted  to  carrying  ordnance  supplies,  and  finally  general 
suplies.  To  supervise  shipments  at  Bermuda,  to  which  point  they 
were  brought  by  neutrals,  either  by  steam  or  sail,  Major  Norman 
Walker  was  sent  there  by  Mr.  Secretary  Randolph  about  midsum- 
mer, 1862.  Later,  an  army  officer,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Smith  Stans- 
bury,  was  detached  to  take  charge  of  the  stores  accumulated  there. 
Depots  were  likewise  made  at  Nassau  and  Havana.  Thus  much  of 
the  foreign  organization. 

But  the  organization  of  the  business  outside  of  our  own  soil  was 
much  the  simplest  part  of  the  service.  The  home  administration  in- 
volved a  variety  of  work  so  foreign  to  my  other  duties  that  I  soon 
looked  about  for  the  proper  person  to  discharge  them  in  the  most 
effective  manner  by  exclusive  devotion  to  them  ;  and  I  had  Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel Bayne  detailed  to  my  office  for  this  duty.  He  had 
been  wounded  at  Shiloh,  and  on  his  recovery  joined  me  about  Sep- 
tember, 1862. 

It  was  soon  found  necessary,  in  order  that  the  vessels  coming  in 
through  the  blockade  might  have  their  lading  promptly  on  their 
arrival,  that  the  Bureau  should  undertake  the  procuring  and  shipment 
of  cotton  to  Wilmington,  Charleston,  and  other  points,  for  we  had 
vessels  arriving  at  half-a-dozen  ports,  from  Wilmington  to  Galveston. 
This  necessitated  the  establishment  of  a  steam  compress  at  Wilming- 
ton, and,  affiliated  with  it,  agents  to  procure  the  cotton  in  the  interior 
and  see  it  to  its  destination  ;  for  the  railroads  were  now  so  overtasked 
that  it  was  only  by  placing  positive  orders  from  the  Secretary  of  War 
in  the  hands  of  a  selected  agent  that  the  cotton  could  be  certainly  for- 
warded over  the  various  roads.  The  steam  press  was  kept  fully  at 
work,  in  charge  of  Captain  James  M.  Seixas  (Washington  artillery). 
The  necessity  for  transportation  over  the  railroads  brought  us  ir  con- 
tact with  them,  and  gave  them  claim  on  us  for  assistance  in  the  matter 
of  supplies,  such  as  steel,  iron,  copper,  &c.,  and  especially  for  work 
at  the  various  foundries  and  machine-shops,  in  which  precedence  was 
of  course  claimed  for  army  work,  and  which  were  therefore  in  great 
part  controlled  by  the  Ordnance  Department.  The  foreign  supplies 
were  not  all  conveyed  through  steamers.  Contracts  were  out  for 
supplies  through  Texas  from  Mexico. 

Finding  that  the  other  departments  of  the  Government  would  nat- 
urally claim  a  share  in  this  avenue  for  supplies,  which  had  been  opened 


Confederate  Ordnance   Department.  8T 

chiefly  through  my  Bureau,  it  was  detached  at  my  own  instance,  but 
remained  in  charge  of  Colonel  Bayne,  with  a  good  staff  of  officers 
and  agents  as  a  separate  Bureau. 

Thus  the  Ordnance  Department  consisted  of  a  Bureau  proper  of 
Ordnance  having  its  officers  in  the  field  and  at  the  arsenals  and 
depots;  of  the  Nitre  and  Mining  Bureau,  and  of  the  Bureau  of  Foreign 
Supplies. 

DEVELOPMENT    OF    THE    ARSENALS,  ARMORIES    AND    OTHER    PLACES 
or  MANUFACTURE  OF  ORDNANCE  STORES. 

The  arsenal  at  Richmond  soon  grew  into  very  large  dimensions, 
and  produced  all  the  ordnance  stores  that  an  army  may  require,  ex- 
cept cannon  and  small  arms  in  quantities  sufficient  to  supply  the  forces 
in  that  part  of  the  field.  I  have  by  accident  preserved  a  copy  of  the 
last  number  of  the  Richmond  /:«^7/zy<?r,  published  under  Confederate 
rule.  It  is  dated  April  ist,  1865,  and  contains  the  following  "State- 
ment of  the  j^rincipal  issues  from  the  Richmond  arsenal,  from  July 
ist,  1861,  to  January  ist,  1865:" 

341  Columbiads  and  seige  guns  (these  were  made  at  the  Tredegar 
works,  but  issued  from  the  arsenal);  1,306  field-pieces,  made  chiefly 
at  Tredegar  works  or  captured;  1,375  gun  carriages;  875  caissons  ; 
152  forges;  6,852  setts  of  artillery-harness;  921,441  rounds  field,  seige, 
and  sea-coast  ammunition  ;  1,456,190  friction  primer;  1,1 10,966  fuzes  ; 
17,423  port-fires  ;  3,985  rockets  ;  323,231  infantry  arms  (most  of  these 
were  turned  in  from  the  army,  from  battle-fields  and  from  the  Rich- 
mond armory) ;  34,067  cavalry  arms  (same  remark)  ;  44,877  swords 
and  sabres  (from  army,  battle-field  and  contractors  1  ;  375,510  setts  of 
infantry  and  cavalry  accoutrements;  180,181  knapsacks;  328,977 
canteens  and  straps;  72,413,854  small  arm  cartridges;  115,087  gun 
and  carbine  slings;  146,901,250  percussion  caps  ;  69,418  cavalry-sad- 
dles; 85,139  cavalry-bridles  ;  75,611  cavalry- halters  ;  35,464  saddle- 
blankets;  59,624  pairs  spurs;  42,285  horse-brushes;  56.903  curry- 
combs. 

This  "  statement"  appears  as  an  editorial,  but  the  items  were  fur- 
nished from  the  office  of  the  arsenal,  and  may  be  relied  on.  Its 
Commandant  at  this  time  was  Lieutenant-Colonel  LeRoy  Broun,  of 
Virginia.  In  the  items  of  cavalry-saddles,  bridles,  harness,  infantry 
accoutrements,  canteens  and  other  articles  of  this  character  much  assis- 
tance was  received  from  contractors.  A  small  part  of  the  percussion 
caps  also  came  from  other  arsenals.  When  we  reflect  that  the  arsenal 
grew  to  these  great  dimensions  in  a  little  over  two  years,  it  must  be 


8  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

confessed  that  good  use  was  made  of  the  time.  The  laboratory  at- 
tached to  the  arsenal  was  well  conducted  and  did  much  work.  It  cov- 
ered the  island  known  as  Green  Island,  which  was  connected  with  the 
shore  by  a  bridg^e,  built  by  the  Engineer  Department,  especially  for 
the  service  of  this  laboratory. 

Besides  the  cap  machinery,  which  was  a  very  large  and  improved 
plant,  machinery  for  pressing  balls,  for  driving  time  fuzes,  for  drawing 
friction  primers  and  metallic  cartridges,  and  other  labor  saving 
machines  were  invented,  made  and  used  with  effect.  In  all  respects 
the  establishment,  though  extemporized,  and  lodged  in  a  cluster  of 
tobacco  warehouses,  was  equal  to  the  first-class  arsenals  of  the  United 
States  in  extent  and  facilities. 

The  arsenal  of  Augusta,  Ga.,  was  in  great  part  organized  in  the 
city,  where  suitable  buildings  were  obtained,  and  did  much  the  same 
class  of  work  done  at  Richmond,  though  on  a  smaller  scale.  It  was 
very  serviceable  to  the  armies  serving  in  the  South  and  West,  and 
turned  out  a  good  deal  of  field  artillery  complete,  the  castings  being 
excellent.  Colonel  George  W.  Rains,  in  charge  of  arsenal  and  pow- 
der works,  found  that  the  fusion  of  a  small  per  cent,  of  iron  with  the 
copper  and  tin  improved  the  strength  of  the  bronze  castings  very 
much. 

The  powder  mills  at  Augusta,  Ga.,  which  I  have  already  mentioned 
as  the  direct  result  of  the  order  of  President  Davis,  were  wonderfully 
successful  and  never  met  with  serious  accident — a  safe  indication  of 
the  goodness  of  its  arrangements.  It  showed,  too,  that  under  able 
direction  the  resources  of  Southern  workshops  and  the  skill  of  its 
artisans  had  already  become  equal  to  the  execution  of  great  enter- 
prises involving  high  mechanical  skill. 

The  arsenal  and  workshops  at  Charleston  were  also  enlarged,  steam 
introduced,  and  good  work  done  in  various  departments. 

The  arsenal  at  Mount  Vernon,  now  furnished  with  steam  power  and 
having  a  good  deal  of  machinery,  was  considered  out  of  position  af- 
ter the  fall  of  New  Orleans,  and  was  moved  to  Selma,  Ala.,  where 
it  grew  into  a  large,  well-ordered  arsenal  of  the  best  class,  under  the 
charge  of  Lieutenant- Colonel  White.  It  was  relied  on  to  a  great  ex- 
tent for  the  equipment  of  the  troops  and  fortifications  in  the  southern 
part  of  the  Confederacy. 

Attracted  by  the  deposits  of  fine  ore  immediately  north  of  Selma, 
made  accessible  by  the  Selma,  Rome  and  Dalton  Railroad,  the  War 
Department  accepted  the  proposition  of  Mr.  Colin  McRae  to  under- 
take the  erection  at  Selma  of  a  large  foundry  for  the  casting  of  can- 
non of  the  heaviest  calibre.    A  large  contract  was  made  with  him  and 


Confederate  Ordnance  Departiaent.  83 

advances  of  money  made  from  time  to  time  as  the  work  progressed. 
After  a  time  Mr.  McRae  was  called  on  by  President  Davis  to  go 
abroad  in  connection  with  Confederate  finances.  He  made  it  a  con- 
dition that  he  should  be  relieved  of  his  works  and  contract  at  Selma 
without  pecuniary  loss  to  himself  The  works  were  thereupon  as- 
sumed by  the  War  and  Navy  Departments  jointly,  and  placed  at  first 
under  the  charge  of  Colonel  Rains  as  general  superintendent,  while 
an  officer  of  less  rank  took  immediate  charge.  Subsequently  it  was 
agreed  by  the  War  Department  that  the  Navy  should  take  sole 
charge  and  use  the  works  for  its  own  purposes.  It  was  here  that 
Commander  Brooke  made  many  of  his  formidable  banded  and  rifled 
guns. 

The  foundry  and  rolling-mills  then  grew  into  large  proportions, 
supplied  by  the  iron  and  coal  of  that  region.  Had  the  Confederacy 
survived,  Selma  bid  fair  to  become  the  Pittsburgh  of  the  South.  The 
iron  obtained  from  the  brown  haematite  at  the  furnaces  in  Bibb  county 
(Brierfield),  and  from  the  Shelby  Works,  was  admirable,  the  former 
being  of  unusual  strength. 

Mount  Vernon  Arsenal  was  still  continued,  after  being  in  a  great 
measure  dismantled,  and  was  utilized  to  get  lumber  and  timber  for 
use  elsewhere,  and  to  gather  and  prepare  moss  for  making  saddle- 
blankets. 

At  Montgomery  shops  were  kept  up  for  the  repair  of  small  arms, 
and  for  the  manufacture  of  articles  of  leather,  of  which  some  supplies 
were  obtained  in  that  region. 

There  were  many  other  small  establishments  and  depots,  some  of 
them  connected  immediately  with  the  army,  as  at  Dublin,  Southwest 
Va. ;  Knoxville,  Tenn. ;  and  Jackson,  Miss.  Some  shops  at  Lynchburg, 
Va.,  were  moved  to  Danville,  near  the  south  line  of  Virginia,  and  it 
grew  into  a  place  of  some  value  for  repairs,  &c. 

The  Ordnance  shops  at  Nashville  had  been  hurriedly  transferred  to 
Atlanta,  Ga.,  on  the  fall  of  Fort  Donelson;  and  when  Atlanta  was 
seriously  threatened  by  the  operations  of  Sherman  the  Arsenal  there, 
which  had  become  very  important,  was  moved  to  Columbus,  Ga., 
where  there  was  the  nucleus  of  an  Ordnance  establishment.  Colonel 
M.  H.  Wright  soon  made  this  nearly  as  valuable  as  his  arsenal  at 
Atlanta  had  been. 

ARMORIES    AND   SMALL   ARMS 

Besides  the  Arsenals,  a  brief  account  of  which  has  just  been  given, 
we  had  the  armories  at  Richmond  and  Fayetteville,  N.  C. ;  and  arms 
were  also  made  at  other  points. 


84  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

The  State  of  Virginia  claimed  all  the  machinery  captured  at  Har- 
per's Ferry,  and  was  bringing  it  all  to  Richmond.  It  was  agreed, 
however,  with  the  State  of  North  Carolina,  that  that  part  of  the 
machinery  which  was  specially  adapted  to  make  the  Mississippi  rifle 
(calibre  54)  should  go  to  Fayetteville,  A'here  there  was  an  arsenal 
with  good  steam-power,  the  machinery  to  be  returned  at  the  close  of 
the  war  to  the  State  of  Virginia.  Colonel  Burton,  an  admirably- 
educated  machinist,  superintended  the  re-erection  of  the  works  at 
Richmond.  He  was  subsequently  made  Superintendent  of  Armories, 
and  given  full  charge  of  the  entire  subject  of  manufacture  of  arms  in 
the  Confederacy.  The  machinery  of  the  rifle- musket  (.calibre  58), 
retained  at  Richmond,  got  to  work  as  early  as  September,  1861.  If 
we  had  possessed  the  necessary  number  of  workmen  this  "plant" 
could  have  been  so  filled  in  as  to  have  easily  produced  5000  stands  per 
month,  working  night  and  day.  As  it  was,  I  don't  think  it  ever  turned 
out  more  than  1,500  in  any  one  month.  Fayetteville  did  not  get  to 
work  until  the  spring  of  1862,  and  did  not  average  400  per  month, 
for  want  of  hands. 

To  supplement  this  scarcity  of  operatives.  Colonel  Huse  was  au- 
thorized to  engage  for  us  a  number  of  skilled  workmen,  used  to  work 
on  small  arms,  and  to  pay  their  passage  over.  They  came  in  through 
the  blockade  at  Wilmington  without  difficulty,  but  we  could  do 
nothing  with  them.  They  had  been  engaged  to  be  paid  in  gold, 
which  meantime  had  risen  to  such  a  price  as  to  make  their  pay  enor- 
mous, and  would  have  produced  utter  disintegration  among  our  own 
operatives.  I  offered  to  pay  one-half  of  the  wages  promised  them  in 
gold,  to  their  families  in  England,  if  they  would  take  the  remainder 
in  Confederate  money,  which  would  support  them  here.  I  brought 
the  British  Consul  to  confer  with  them.  But  they  stood  upon  their 
bond ;  and,  foreseeing  that  their  presence  would  d9  more  harm  than 
good,  I  simply,  with  their  consent,  reshipped  them  by  the  next 
steamer,  and  paid  their  passage  back.  The  experiment  cost  us  some- 
thing like  ;^2,ooo  in  gold,  and  made  us  shy  of  foreign  workmen, 
especially  English.  I  think  the  Treasury  Department  did  succeed  in 
getting  engravers  and  printers  for  their  purposes  at  Columbia,  S.  C, 
to  some  extent,  by  importation ;  but  my  impression  is  they  were  not 
English.  Of  all  obstinate  animals  I  have  ever  come  in  contact  with, 
these  English  workmen  were  the  most  unreasonable. 

The  Cook  Brothers  had,  as  heretofore  stated,  undertaken  the  mak- 
ing of  rifle-muskets  in  New  Orleans  at  the  very  commencement  of 
the  war.  On  the  fall  of  New  Orleans  their  machinery  was  hurriedly 
taken  off"  by  boats  up  the  Mississippi.     They  finally  selected  Athens, 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  85 

Georgia,  as  their  point  of  manufacture,  and  under  a  contract  with  me, 
and  assisted  with  funds  under  that  contract,  proceeded  to  reorganize 
and  extend  their  "  plant."     They  were  reasonably  successful. 

The  want  of  cavalry  arms  caused  me  to  make  a  contract  with  par- 
ties in  Richmond  to  make  the  Sharp's  carbine — at  that  time  the  best 
cavalry  arm  we  had.  A  set  of  machinery  capable  of  turning  out  one 
hundred  arms  a  day  was  driven  to  completion  in  less  than  a  year, 
nearly  all  the  machinery  being  built  up  "  from  ihe  stumps."  The 
arms  were  never  perfect,  chiefly  for  want  of  nice  workmanship  about 
the  "  cut-off"  It  was  not  gas-tight.  We  soon  bought  out  the  estab- 
lishment, and  converted  it  into  a  manufactoiy  of  rifle-carbines,  cali- 
bre 58,  as  the  best  arm  our  skill  would  enable  us  to  supply  to  the 
cavalry. 

Recognizing  the  necessity  of  some  great  central  establishment  for 
the  production  of  small  arms,  plans  of  buildings  and  estimatt-s  of  ma- 
chinery were  made  for  such  an  one,  to  be  built  at  Macon,  Georgia — 
a  point  of  easy  access  and  near  to  a  fertile  corn  region,  out  of  the 
way  of  the  enemy.  Colonel  Burton  went  to  England  and  easily  ne- 
gotiated for  the  machinery,  which  was  to  have  been  of  sufficient 
capacity  to  turn  out  about  10,000  arms  per  month.  Buildings  were 
immediately  obtained  for  some  machinery  for  pistols,  which  was  trans- 
ferred there  ;  and  Colonel  Burton  had  made  good  progress  in  erect- 
ing ample  buildings  for  the  new  machinery,  part  of  which  had  arrived 
at  Bermuda  and  Nassau  when  the  Confederacy  fell.  But  about  six 
months  before  the  close  of  the  war,  finding  that  the  blockade  had  be- 
come so  stringent  that  the  introduction  of  machinery  would  be  very 
difficult,  and  reflecting,  too,  that  as  long  as  the  war  continued  this  ex- 
tended machinery  would  be  of  but  little  use  to  us  for  want  of  work 
men,  I  got  the  authority  of  the  Secretary  of  War  to  set  it  up  at  some 
point  abroad  and  bring  in  the  arms,  which  would  be  less  difficult  than 
to  bring  in  the  machinery  and  train  the  workmen.  Colonel  Burton 
was  abroad  on  this  duty  when  the  war  closed.  Had  the  war  been 
prolonged,  we  should  in  twelve  months  have  been  making  our  own 
arms  in  a  foreign  land,  under  the  sanction  of  a  private  name.  After 
the  war  it  was  proposed  to  transfer  the  entire  "  plant "  to  the  build- 
ings which  were  in  course  of  construction  for  it  at  Macon.  Peace 
would  have  then  found  us  in  possession  of  a  great  armorv,  which  I 
much  desired. 

One  of  the  earliest  difficulties  forced  upon  us  in  the  manulacture  of 
arms  was  to  find  an  iron  fit  for  the  barrels.  The  "skelps"  found  at 
Harper's  Ferry  served  for  awhile,  and  when  these  were  exhausted 
Colonel   Burton   selected   an   iron    produced  at  a  forge  in    Patrick 


86  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

county,  Va.,  and  by  placing  a  skilled  workman  over  the  rolling  pro- 
cess at  the  Tredegar  Works  he  soon  produced  "skelps"  with  which 
he  was  satisfied.  We  found  that  almost  any  of  the  good  brown  hae- 
matite ores  produced  an  iron  of  ample  strength  for  the  purpose,  and 
the  even  grain  and  toughness  could  be  attained  by  careful  re  rolling. 

Besides  the  larger  armories  at  Richmond  and  Fayetteville,  smaller 
establishments  grew  up  at  Asheville,  N.  C,  and  at  Tallassee,  Ala. 
The  former  was  the  development  of  a  private  enterprise  undertaken 
to  repair  and  fit  up  old  arms,  by  a  citizen  (Mr.  Pullem )  resident  there, 
and  afterwards  as  a  matter  of  necessity  assumed  by  the  Confederate 
Government.  Most  of  the  machinery  was  moved  before  the  close  of 
the  war  to  Columbia,  S.  C,  whither,  as  a  place  of  safety,  other  arms- 
manufacturing  machinery  was  moved  from  other  points.  Tallassee 
was  selected  as  a  good  manufacturing  point,  a  large  building  having 
been  offered  to  us  by  the  proprietors  of  the  cotton  mills  there,  and 
some  machinery  for  making  pistols  moved  thither  from  Columbus, 
Georgia. 

A  great  part  of  the  work  of  our  armories  consisted  in  repairing 
arms  brought  in  from  the  battle-field  or  sent  in  from  the  armies  in  too 
damaged  a  condition  to  be  effectually  repaired  at  the  arsenals  In 
this  way  only  could  we  utilize  all  the  gleanings  of  the  battle-fields. 
My  recollection  is  that  we  saved  nearly  ten  thousand  stands  of  arms 
from  the  field  of  Bull  Run,  and  that  the  battle-fields  about  Richmond 
in  1862  gave  us  about  twenty- five  thousand  excellent  arms  through 
the  labors  of  the  armory  at  Richmond. 

The  original  stock  of  arms  it  will  be  remembered,  consisted  almost 
wholly  of  smooth-bore  muskets,  altered  from  flint  to  percussion,  using 
ounce-balls  (cal.  69).  There  were  ?ome  15,000  to  20,000  Mississippi 
rifles  ;  and  then  some  irregular  arms,  like  Halls  rifles  and  carbines — 
some  short  carbines  smooth-bore  ;  and  there  were  even  some  of  the 
old  flint  lock  muskets.  All  this  original  stock  disappeared  almost 
wholly  from  our  armies  in  the  first  two  years  of  the  war,  and  were  re- 
placed by  a  better  class  of  arms,  rifled  and  percussioned.  It  is  pretty 
safe  to  assume  that  we  had  altogether,  east  and  west  of  the  Mississippi, 
300,000  infantry,  pretty  well-armed,  by  the  middle  of  1863.  We  must 
therefore  have  procured  at  least  that  number  for  our  troops.  But  we 
must  also  have  supplied  the  inevitable  waste  of  two  years  of  active 
warfare.  Placing  the  good  arms  thus  lost  at  the  moderate  estimate 
of  100,000,  we  must  have  received  from  various  sources  400,000  stands 
of  infantry  arms  in  the  two  years  of  fighting,  ending  July  ist,  1863.  I 
can  only  estimate  from  memory  the  several  sources  from  which  this 
supply  was  derived,  as  follows  : 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  8T 

Good   rifled  arms  on  hand  at  the  beginning  of  the  war  (this 

includes  the  arms  in   the  hands  of  volunteer  companiesj,      25,000 

New  arms  manufactured  in  the  Confederacy  and  in  private 

establishments 40,000 

Arms  received  from  the  battle-fields  and  put  in  good  order 
(this  includes  the  great  number  of  arms  picked  up  by  the 
soldiers)  ..  150,000 

Imported  from  January  ist,  1862,  to  July  ist,  1863 185,000 


Total 400,000 

This  estimate  does  not  include  pistols  and  sabres,  of  which  a  small 
supply  was  imported. 

To  account  for  the  very  large  number  obtained  from  the  enemy 
(rather  an  under  than  an  over  estimate),  it  must  be  remembered  that 
in  some  fights,  where  our  troops  were  not  finally  successful,  they  were 
so  at  first ;  and  swept  over  the  camps  and  positions  of  the  enemy. 
Whenever  a  Confederate  soldier  saw  a  weapon  better  than  his  own, 
he  took  it  and  left  his  inferior  arm ;  and  although  he  may  have  been 
finally  driven  back,  he  kept  his  improved  musket.  So,  too,  on  every 
field  there  were  partial  successes  which  in  the  early  part  of  the  war 
resulted  in  improved  weapons ;  and  although  on  another  part  of  the 
field  there  may  have  been  a  reverse  ;  the  enemy  had  not  the  same 
advantage  ;  the  Confederate  arms  being  generally  inferior  to  those  of 
their  adversaries.  The  difference  of  arms  was  not  so  marked  at  a 
later  day  except  in  cavalry  arms,  in  which  we  were  always  at  a  disad- 
vantage, the  celebrated  Spencer  carbine  being  generally  in  the  hands 
of  the  enemy's  cavalry  during  the  last  two  years  of  the  war. 

A    CENTRAL    LABORATORY. 

The  unavoidable  variation  in  the  ammunition  made  at  the  different 
arsenals  pointed  out,  early  in  the  war,  that  there  should  be  a  general 
superintendent  of  all  the  laboratories,  invested  with  authority  to  in- 
spect and  supervise  their  manipulations  and  materials.  To  this  end 
Lieutenant-Colonel  Mallet,  a  chemist  and  scientist  of  distinction,  who 
had  for  some  years  been  professor  in  the  University  of  Alabama,  was 
selected  and  placed  in  charge  of  this  delicate  and  important  duty.  I 
attribute  much  of  the  improvement  in  our  ammunition  to  this  happy 
selection.  A  more  earnest  and  capable  officer  I  cannot  imagine. 
What  a  set  of  men  we  would  have  had  after  the  war  out  of  which  to 
form  an  Ordnance  Department,  had  we  been  successful !  Rains,  St. 
John,  Mallet,  Burton,  Wright,  White,   Baldwin,  Rhett,  Ellicott,  An- 


88  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

drews,  Childs,  DeLagnel,  Hutter,  and  others,  who  would  have  re- 
mained in  the  service.  Then  there  were  some  no  less  admirable,  like 
LeRoy  Broun,  Allan,  Wiley  Browne,  Morion,  Colston,  Bayne,  Cuy- 
ler,  E.  B.  Smith,  &c.,  who  would  doubtless  have  returned  to  their 
civil  avocations. 

Among  the  obvious  necessities  of  a  well-regulated  iiervice,  was  one 
large,  central  laboratory,  where  all  ammunition  should  be  made — thus 
securing  absolute  uniformity  where  uniformity  was  vital.  The  policy 
of  dissemination  so  necessary  to  husband  our  transportation,  and  to 
utilize  the  labor  of  non-combatants,  must  here  yield  to  the  greater 
necessity  of  obtaining  our  ammunition  uniform  in  quality  and  in 
dimensions.  Authority  was,  therefore,  obtained  from  the  War  De- 
partment to  concentrate  this  species  of  work  at  some  central  labora- 
tory. Macon,  Ga.,  was  selected,  and  Colonel  Mallet  placed  in  charge 
of  the  Central  Laboratory,  as  Burton  was  later  placed  in  charge  of  a 
National  Armory.  Plans  of  the  buildings  and  of  the  machinery  re- 
quired were  submitted  to  the  Secretary  of  War,  approved,  and  the 
work  begun  with  energy.  This  pile  of  buildings  had  a  fafade  of  600 
feet,  was  designed  with  taste,  and  comprehended  every  possible  appli- 
ance for  good  and  well-organized  work.  The  buildings  were  nearly 
ready  for  occupation  at  the  close  of  the  war,  and  some  of  the 
machinery  had  arrived  at  Bermuda.  In  point  of  time,  this  project  pre- 
ceded that  of  the  National  Armory,  and  was  much  nearer  comple- 
tion. These,  with  our  admirable  powder-mills  at  Augusta,  would 
have  completed  a  set  of  works  for  the  Ordnance  Department ;  and 
in  them  we  would  have  been  in  condition  to  supply  arms  and  muni- 
tions to  300,000  men.  To  these  would  have  been  added  a  foundry  for 
heavy  guns  at  Selma  or  Brierfield,  Ala. ;  at  which  latter  place  the 
strongest  cast-iron  in  the  country  was  produced,  and  where  we  had 
already  purchased  and  were  carrying  on  a  furnace  tor  the  production 
of  cold'blast  charcoal  pig  for  this  special  purpose.  All  these  estab- 
lishments were  in  the  heart  of  the  country,  not  readily  reached  by  the 
enemy  ;  and  were,  in  fact,  never  reached  by  them  until  just  at  the  close 
of  the  war.  Being  in  or  near  an  excellent  agricultural  region,  they 
would  have  had  the  advantage  of  cheap  living  for  operatives ;  and 
they  had  all  sufficient  facilities  for  transportation,  being  situated  on 
main  lines  of  railroad. 

SUMMARY. 

I  have  thus,  from  memory,  faintly  traced  the  development  of  the 
means  and  resources  by  which  our  large  armies  were  supplied  with 
arms  and   ammunition.     This  involved    manufacturing,  mining  and 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  89 

importation.  The  last  two  were  confided  in  time  to  sub-bureaus  cre- 
ated ex-necessitate,  which  were  subsequently  detached.  The  first  was 
carried  on  by  the  armories,  arsenals,  laboratories  and  depots  above 
mentioned.  We  began  in  April,  1861,  without  an  arsenal,  laboratory 
or  powder  mill  of  any  capacity,  and  with  no  foundry  or  rolling 
mill,  except  at  Richmond,  and  before  the  close  of  1863,  in  little 
over  two  years,  we  had  built  up,  during  all  the  harrassments  of  war, 
holding  our  own  in  the  field  defiantly  and  successfully  against  a 
powerful  and  determined  enemy.  Crippled  as  we  were  by  a  depre- 
ciated currency;  throttled  with  a  blockade  that  deprived  us  of  nearly 
all  means  of  getting  material  or  workmen ;  obliged  to  send  almost 
every  able-bodied  man  to  the  field;  unable  to  use  the  slave  labor  with 
which  we  were  abundantly  supplied,  except  in  the  most  unskilled  de- 
partments of  production  ;  hampered  by  want  of  transportation  even 
of  the  commonest  supplies  of  food;  with  no  stock  on  hand  even  of 
the  articles,  such  as  steel,  copper,  lead,  iron,  leather,  which  we  must 
have  to  build  up  our  establishments  ;  and  in  spite  of  these  deficiencies 
we  persevered  at  home  as  determinedly  as  did  our  troops  in  the  field 
against  a  more  tangible  opposition,  and  in  a  little  over  two  years  cre- 
ated, almost  literally  out  of  the  ground,  foundries  and  rolling  mills  (at 
Selma,  R.ichmond,  Atlanta,  and  Macon),  smelting  works  (at  Peters- 
burg), chemical  works  (at  Charlotte,  N.  C),  a  powder  mill  far  supe- 
rior to  any  in  the  United  States  and  unsurpassed  by  any  across  the 
ocean,  and  a  chain  of  arsenals,  armories  and  laboratories  equal  in 
their  capacity  and  their  improved  appointments  to  the  best  of  those 
in  the  United  States,  stretching  link  by  link  from  Virginia  to  Ala- 
bama. Our  people  are  justly  proud  of  the  valor  and  constancy  of 
the  troops  which  bore  their  banners  bravely  in  the  front  of  the  en- 
emy ;  but  they  will  also  reflect  that  these  creations  of  skill  and  labor 
were  the  monuments  which  represented  the  patience,  industry  and 
perseverance  of  the  devoted  and  patriotic  citizens ;  for  of  the  success 
which  attended  the  operations  of  any  department  of  the  Confederate 
Government  the  larger  moiety  was  due  to  the  co-operation  of  the 
body  of  the  people — a  co-operation  founded  in  their  hearty  sympathy 
with  and  their  entire  faith  in  the  cause  which  that  government  repre- 
sented. 

ORGANIZATION. 

The  Ordnance  Bureau,  as  finally  organized,  consisted  of  one  Brig- 
adier-General, one  Colonel,  and  of  such  additional  number  of  field- 
officers,  Captains,  and  First  Lieutenants  as  the  service  required. 
They  were  artillery  officers  on  ordnance  duty. 


90  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Appointments  to  these  positions  were  at  first  made  by  selection,  on 
nomination  by  the  Ordnance  Bureau  ;  but  about  October,  1862,  Con- 
gress created  fifty  officers  of  artillery  especially  for  ordnance  duty,  to 
which  two  hundred  more  were  subsequently  added.  As  selection  for 
these  offices  involved  much  political  contrivance,  I  obtained  the  order 
of  the  Secretary  of  War  to  hold  examinations  for  appointment  to  the 
grade  of  Captain  and  First  Lieutenant.  This  plan  succeeded  entirely, 
and  relieved  us  from  a  thousand  personal  solicitations.  The  first  ex- 
amination was  held  at  Richmond.  Of  some  five  hundred  applica- 
tions found  on  file  for  ordnance  officers,  less  than  one  hundred  came 
to  the  examination,  and  of  these  only  some  forty  or  fifty  passed.  The 
examination  for  Captain  involved  a  fair  knowledge  of  a  college  course 
of  mathamatics,  and  none,  I  believe,  passed  this  except  the  M.  A.'s 
of  the  University  of  Virginia.  That  for  First  Lieutenant  embraced 
only  an  ordinary  English  education,  with  a  full  examination  on  the 
Ordnance  Manual.  This  gave  us  an  excellent  set  of  officers — edu- 
cated men  ;  and  although  a  few  of  them  were,  as  was  said,  "  Virginia 
school-masters,''  and  cannot  be  said  to  have  distinguished  themselves 
professionally,  j^et  they  were  all  respectable  on  account  of  their  edu- 
cation ;  and  I  am  sure  there  never  were  in  any  army  a  better  class  of 
such  officers. 

These  examinations  were  extended,  and  were  held  at  the  headquar- 
ters of  each  army  in  the  field  by  a  commission,  of  which  Lieutenant- 
Colonel  Le  Roy  Broun  and  Lieutenant -Colonel  S.  Stansbury,  Colonel 
T.  A.  Rhett  and  Major  J.  Wilcox  Browne  were  the  chief  members. 
These,  or  one  of  them,  went  to  an  army  and  associated  with  them- 
selves one  or  more  officers  detailed  by  the  General  at  headquarters. 
In  order  to  provide  for  that  class  of  valuable  officers  distinguished  for 
excellent  qualities  developed  by  service  on  the  field,  but  not  prepared 
for  a  somewhat  technical  examination,  each  General  of  an  army  desig- 
nated one  or  two  of  this  class,  who  were  appointed  on  his  recommen- 
dation alone. 

Officers  in  the  field  were  distributed  as  follows  :  To  each  army  a 
"  chief  ordnance  officer,"  with  the  rank  of  Lieutenant-Colonel ;  to  each 
army  corps,  an  ordnance  officer  with  the  rank  of  Major  ;  to  each  divi- 
sion a  Captain,  and  to  each  brigade  a  First  Lieutenant :  all  these  at- 
tached to  the  staff  of  their  respective  Generals,  but  reporting  also, 
directly  if  necessary,  to  the  ordnance  officer,  through  his  superior,  in 
the  field,  and  receiving  instructions  as  to  special  duties  through  the 
same  channel.  Every  regiment  had  an  ordnance  Sergeant,  charged 
with  the  care  of  the  ordnance  wagon,  which  contained  the  spare  arms 
and  the  ammunition  of  each  regiment. 


Confederate   Ordnance  Department.  91 

The  officers  in  command  of  the  greater  ordnance  establishments — 
such  as  Richmond  and  Augusta,  &c. — had  the  grade  of  Lieutenant- 
Colonel,  like  the  "  chief  ordnance  officers"  of  armies  in  the  field,  while 
at  the  lesser  establishments  the  officers  had  rank  according  to  the 
gravity  of  tlie  duties  devolving  on  them. 

The  Superintendent  of  Armories,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Burton,  and 
the  Superintendent  of  Laboratories,  Lieutenant  Colonel  Mallet,  had 
also  the  grade  of  the  higher  officers  on  duty  in  the  field. 

The  labors  and  responsibilities  of  my  department  closed  practically 
at  Charlotte,  North  Carolina,  on  the  26th  of  April,  when  the  Presi- 
dent left  that  place  with  an  escort  for  the  trans -Mississippi.  My  last 
stated  official  duty,  that  I  can  recall,  was  to  examine  a  cadet  in  the 
Confederate  service  for  promotion  to  commissioned  officer.  On  the 
afternoon  of  the  25th  of  April  I  received  due  formal  notice  from  the 
Adjutant-General's  office  that  General  Lawton,  Quartermaster-Gene- 
ral, General  Gilmer,  Chief  Engineer,  and  I  were  constituted  a  Board 

of  Examiners  on  Cadet  .     We  met  a  little  before  sundown,  in 

the  ample  upper  story  of  a  warehouse  in  Charlotte,  North  Carolina, 
and  by  the  waning  light  of  the  last  day  of  the  Confederate  Govern- 
ment, we  went  through  all  the  stages  of  an  examination  of  an  expec- 
tant Lieutenant  of  the  Confederate  armies.  Lawton,  I  think,  took  him 
on  geography  and  history,  Gilmer  on  the  mathematics,  while  I  pro- 
bably tested  his  English  grammar.  He  passed  the  ordeal  in  triumph 
and  got  his  commission,  which  I  dare  say  he  prizes  very  highly,  as  he 
ought  to  do,  considering  the  august  body  that  signed  the  certificate 
which  pronounced  him  qualified  for  it.  Altogether  there  is  no  little 
incident  in  my  Confederate  career  that  I  have  mused  over  oftener 
than  that  twilight  examination  of  the  last  Confederate  cadet. 

DETACHED     OBSERVATIONS. 

Consumpiion  of  Small- Ann   Cartridges. 

It  appears  that  the  Richmond  laboratory  made  72,000,000  cart- 
ridges in  three  and  a-half  years,  say  one  thousand  working  days.  As 
this  laboratory  made  nearly  as  much  as  all  the  others  combined,  we 
may  safely  place  the  entire  production  at  150,000,000,  or  150,000  per 
day.  As  our  reserves  remained  nearly  the  same,  being  but  slightly 
increased  toward  the  latter  part  of  the  war,  there  must  have  been  only 
a  little  less  than  this  consumption  in  the  field,  say  half  a  cartridge  per 
man  per  day  for  the  average  force  of  300,000  men,  to  cover  all  the 
accidents  and  expenditures  of  service  in  the  field.     An  average,  then. 


92  Southern  Historical  Society  Paper's. 

of  half  a  cartridge  per  day  per  man  would  be  a  safe  assumption  for 
protracted  warfare. 

In  examining  the  returns  of  ordnance  officers  after  heavy  actions,  I 
found  that  the  reduction  of  ammunition  amounted  to  from  about 
nineteen  to  twenty-six  rounds  per  man.  At  Gettysburg  the  reports 
of  a  few  days  before  the  battle  and  a  short  time  after  showed  a  differ- 
ence of  twenty-five  or  twenty-six  rounds  on  the  average.  This  was 
the  heaviest  consumption  to  which  my  attention  was  called.  When 
our  troops  first  took  the  field  commanders  were  very  nervous  because 
they  had  only  fifty  to  seventy  rounds  per  man  instead  of  the  two  hun- 
dred rounds  prescribed  by  the  ordnance  manual.  Later  we  raised  it 
to  about  eighty  or  ninety  rounds.  The  results  of  battles  show  that 
with  proper  dispositions  for  transfer  from  one  corps  to  another  there 
need  be  no  scarcity  with  sixty  rounds  on  hand,  or  even  fifty. 

Our  soldiers  were,  however,  in  the  habit  of  supplying  themselves 
with  ammunition  by  throwing  away  their  empty  cartridge-boxes  and 
taking  any  well-supplied  one  that  they  might  espy  with  the  proper 
cartridges.  What  splendid  fellows  they  were,  taking  even  better 
care  of  their  powder  and  lead  than  of  themselves  or  of  their  rations. 
They  were  in  downright  earnest. 

Co7isuinption  and  Supply  of  Lead. 

Allowing    for    waste,     150,000,000    of    cartridges    would    require 

10,000,000  pounds  of  lead  for  these  alone,  to   say   nothing  of  other 

needs.     Where  did  all   this  lead  come  from  ?     I  make   the  following 

rough  calculation  : 

Poiaids. 

From  trans-Mississippi  mines  (early  in  the  war). 400,000 

From  the  mines  in  Virginia  (60,000  tt)s.  per  month; 2,160,000 

On  hand  at  arsenals,  &c 140,000 

Imported  (not  over) 2,000,000 

Picked  up  through  the  country  and  on  battle-fields 5,300,000 


10,000,000 

This  leads  to  the  surprising  conclusion  that  we  must  have  picked 
up  throughout  the  country  over  5,300,000  pounds  of  lead  during  the 
four  years  of  the  war.  I  remember  that  the  window-weights  and 
loose  lead  about  houses  yielded  200,000  pounds  in  Charleston  alone ; 
while  the  disused  lead  water-pipes  in  Mobile  supplied,  if  I  am  not 
mistaken,  as  much  more.  So  that  these  two  items  alone  supplied 
one-thirteenth  of  this  vast  gleaning  of  the  country. 


Confederate  Ordnance  Department.  93 

TRANSFER  OF  ARMS  TO  THE  SOUTH. 

It  was  a  charge  often  repeated  against  Governor  Floyd  that,  as 
Secretary  of  War,  he  had  with  traitorous  intent  abused  his  office  by 
sending  arms  to  the  South  just  before  the  secession  of  the  States. 
The  transactions  which  gave  rise  to  this  accusation  were  in  the  ordi- 
nary course  of  an  economical  administration  of  the  War  Department. 
After  it  had  been  determined  to  change  the  old  flint-lock  musket, 
which  the  United  States  possessed,  to  percussion,  it  was  deemed 
cheaper  to  bring  all  the  flint-lock  arms  in  store  at  Southern  arsenals 
to  the  Northern  arsenals  and  armories  for  alteration,  rather  than  to 
send  the  necessary  machinery  and  workmen  to  the  South.  Conse- 
quently the  Southern  arsenals  were  stripped  of  their  deposits,  which 
were  sent  to  Springfield,  Watervelet,  Pittsburgh,  St.  Louis,  Frank- 
fort, Pa.,  and  other  points.  After  the  conversion  had  been  completed 
the  denuded  Southern  arsenals  were  again  supplied  with  about  the 
same  numbers,  perhaps  slightly  augmented,  that  had  formerly  been 
stored  there.  The  quota  deposited  at  the  Charleston  arsenal,  where 
I  was  stationed  in  i860,  arrived  there  full  a  year  before  the  opening 
of  the  war. 

THE    NAPOLEON    FIELD-GUN. 

I  think  I  will  be  sustained  by  the  artillery  in  saying  that  on  the 
whole,  this  gun  became  the  favorite  for  field  service  :  perhaps  because 
our  rifle-shells  with  percussion  fuzes,  were,  as  stated  by  General 
Alexander  less  successful  than  those  of  the  enemy.  When  copper 
became  scarce,  we  fabricated  an  iron  Napoleon  with  a  wrought  iron 
jacket,  weighing  in  all  1,250  pounds,  which  was  entirely  satisfactory  ; 
and  was  cheerfully  accorded  by  the  artillery  companionship  with  their 
bronze  favorites.  The  simplicity  and  certainty  of  the  ammunition  of 
this  smooth-bore,  its  capacity  for  grape  and  canister,  its  good  range, 
and  its  moderate  draught,  as  it  was  not  too  heavy  for  four  horses,  were 
certainly  strong  reasons  in  its  favor.  At  the  distance  at  which  the 
serious  work  of  the  artillery  was  done,  it  was  an  over-match  for  rifled 
artillery. 

HEAVY  GUNS. 

It  was  of  course  a  matter  of  keen  regret  to  me  that  we  could  not 
rapidly  produce  guns  of  heavy  calibre  for  points,  the  defence  of  which 
against  men  of-war,  was  of  vital  importance.     But  the  ten-inch  Col 
umbiad  could  only  be  cast  at  the  Tredegar  Works,  and  although  this 
establishment  was  in  able  hands  and  responded  nobly  to  the  calls  made 


94  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

upon  it,  yet  tasked  as  it  was  to  produce  artillery  of  all  calibres; 
especially  field-artillery,  we  could  but  slowly  answer  the  appeals 
made  with  equal  vehemence  from  Pensacola,  Yorktown,  Charleston 
and  New  Orleans. 

About  the  close  of  1863,  Major  Huse  sent  in  two  Blakely  rifles  of 
about  thirteen  inch  calibre,  splendid  looking,  superbly  mounted,  and 
of  fearful  cost!  ;^io,ooofor  the  two  in  England,  with  fifty  rounds  each. 
Charleston  claimed  them  on  their  arrival  at  Wilmington,  and  I  was  glad 
to  strengthen  General  Beauregard's  hands.  Unfortunately  one  of  them 
cracked  in  some  trial  firing,  with  comparatively  weak  charges.  The 
full  charge  which  was  never  reached,  was  filty  pounds  of  powder,  and 
a  solid  rifle-shell,  of  say  450  pounds.  These  guns  were  built  up  of  a 
wrought  iron  cylinder,  closed  at  the  breach  with  a  brass-screw  plug, 
some  thirty-inch  long  and  chambered  to  seven  inches.  This  cylinder 
had  three  success>ive  jackets,  each  shorter  than  its  predecessor,  so  that 
from  muzzle  to  breech  the  thickness  of  the  gun  increased  by  steps  of 
about  three  and  a-half  inches.  The  object  of  the  seven-inch  chamber 
in  the  brass  plug  was  to  afford  an  air  or  gas  space  which  would  dimin- 
ish the  strain  on  the  gun.  Such  was  the  theory.  General  Ripley, 
however,  cut  down  the  big  cartridge  bags  of  ten  or  eleven  inch  in 
diameter,  so  as  to  introduce  the  charge  into  the  brass  chamber.  This 
not  being  over  three  inches  thick,  cracked,  and  the  crack,  I  believe,  ex- 
tended into  the  cylinder.  On  a  report  of  the  facts  direct  from  Charles- 
ton to  Captain  Blakeley,  he  attributed  the  bursting  to  the  high  eleva- 
tion given,  though  the  highest,  I  think  had  been  only  about  150;  an 
impotent  conclusion  for  a  scientific  artillerist  to  reach.  The  fact  of 
the  introduction  of  the  charge  into  the  air  space  may  have 
been  omitted  in  the  narrative  to  him,  and  thus  he  may  have 
been  drawn  into  this  helpless  conclusion.  I  never  saw  the  drawings 
of  the  gun  until  after  the  report  of  the  accident.  Captain  Brooke, 
Chief  of  Ordnance  of  the  Navy,  with  me  then  looked  over  the  draw- 
ings and  evolved  the  design  of  the  air-chamber.  After  this  the  gun 
was  fired,  and  with  moderate  elevations  attained  fair,  but  not  remark- 
able ranges,  as  I  was  advised.  The  cracked  gun  was  skillfully  re- 
paired at  Charleston,  and  restored  to  a  reliable  condition. 

Just  before  the  war  closed  the  Tredegar  Works  had  cast  its  first 
twelve-inch  gun,  after  the  method  of  Rodman — cast  on  a  hollow  core 
with  water  kept  flowing  in  and  out  of  it  to  cool  the  castings  from  the 
inside.  This  method  of  cooling  has  been  found  to  give  a  marked  in- 
crease of  strength,  and  greater  hardness  and  consequent  smoothness 
to  the  finished  bore. 


Editorial  Paragraphs.  95 

J^DITOF^IAL     pAI^AQf^APH?. 

The  delay  in  the  issue  of  our  January  number  was  caused  by  the 
pressure  of  work  on  our  worthy  printers,  and  in  consequence  of  this  delay 
we  combine  the  January  and  F"ebruary  numbers  under  one  cover. 

We  are  sure  that  our  readers  will  not  object  to  this,  especially  as  we  pre- 
sent them  a  number  of  more  than  ordinary  variety,  interest  and  value. 


Renewals  have  been  coming  in  with  gratifying  progress,  but  there  are 
many  of  our  friends  from  whom  we  have  not  yet  heard.  We  send  this 
number  to  many  whose  subscriptions  have  expired,  in  tiie  confident  ex- 
pectation that  they  will  promptly  setid  us  $3  for  1SS4..  But  if  we  should  be 
disappointed  in  this,  and  any,  from  whatever  cause,  decline  to  renew,  we 
hope  they  will  at  least  have  the  grace  to  notify  us  of  the  fact,  and  return 
{or  pay  for)  the  fiumbers  to  which  they  are  not  entitled. 


Several  model  letters,  selected  at  random  from  tlie  large  number  we 
fire  daily  receiving,  will  serve  to  show  something  of  the  appreciation  of  our 
friends  for  the  work  in  which  we  are  engaged. 

A  reverend  friend,  who  did  faithful  and  warmly  appreciated  work  in  one 
of  the  brigades  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia,  writes  as  follows  on  a 
postal  card : 

"St.  Louis,  December  26,  1883. 

"  Have  not  the  most  remote  idea  of  not  renewing  my  subscription.  Will 
remit  early  in  January.  Fraternally,  ." 

Another  gallant  soldier  writes  as  follows  : 

"  Atlanta,  Ga.,  December  14th,  1883. 
''Rev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

''Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society,  Richmond,  Fa.: 
"Dear  Sir, — Inclosed  I  hand  you  draft  for  ten  dollars  (|lio),  to  be  placed 
to  my  credit  for  subscription  to  the  Southern  Historical  Papers.  I 
know  \  am  in  arrears,  but  do  not  know  how  much.  One  thing  I  do  know, 
and  that  is  I  do  not  want  to  be  denied  the  pleasure  of  reading  the  Papers 
every  month.     Whenever  I  am  behind,  jog  me  up. 

"  If  the  enclosed  is  worthy  a  place  among  the  Papers  it  is  at  your  service. 
Or  if  it  will  better  grace  the  waste  basket,  I  am  agreeable. 

"  Very  truly  yours,  ." 

We  need  scarcely  add  that  the  article  sent  will  find  an  early  place  in  our 
Papers. 

The  following  has  the  "true  ring"  : 

"St.  Louis,  December  29th,  1S83. 
"Rev.  J.  Wm.  Jones,  Secretary : 

"Dear  Sir, — Your  card  of  17th  inst.  just  received.     I  at  once  enclose  and 


96  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

send  you  $3.00  currency,  renewal  subscription  for  Papers  and  merrrbership. 
"I  wore  the  'Gray'  from  May,  1861,  to  April,  1865,  so  am  very  naturally 
anxious  to  see  the  Soithern  Historical  Society  a  success. 

"  Yours  truly,  ." 

The  following  from  a  distinguished  soldier  who  "  wore  the  Blue  "  will  be 
appreciated,  as  his  sentiments  are  cordially  reciprocated  : 

"  Boston,  January  i6th,  1884. 

"  My  Dear  Secretary, — Enclosed  please  find  $3.00  in  payment  subscription 
for  1884,  Southern  Historical  Papers. 

"  Let  me  congratulate  you  and  the  Society  on  the  success  of  your  Papers. 

"  The  only  way  to  get  a  correct  and  full  history  of  the  great  civil  war  is  to 
receive  the  statements  of  brave  men  who  fought  the  battles  and  to  hear 
from  both  sides. 

With  kind  regards,  I  am, 

"  Yours  truly,  ." 

"Rev.  J.  Wni.  Jones,  Secretary.'" 

And  of  like  spirit  is  the  following,  from  a  gallant  soldier  of  "  the  other  side." 

"Trenton,  N.  J.,  January  11,  1884. 

''My  Dear  Sir, — 1  have  this  moment  discovered  that  I  failed  in  December 
to  send  my  subscription  for  the  valuable  Papers  of  your  Historical  Society 
and  at  once  enclose  my  check. 

"  Very  truly  yours,  ." 

"Rev.  J.  Wni.  Joties,  Secretary.'' 

We  might  multiply  these  letters  almost  indefinitely ;  but  these  must  suf- 
fice, and  if  any  complain  that  we  have  gone  into  the  "  blowing  business  "  we 
have  only  to  call  on  our  readers  to  bear  us  witness  that  we  have  not  often 
indulged  in  that  direction,  and  that  the  moral  of  it  all  is  that  we  want  more 
renewals  and  new  subscribers. 

A  Most  Highly  Appreciated  Memento,  in  the  shape  of  a  cane-head 
made  of  wood  taken  from  the  house  in  which  Stonewall  Jackson  was  born> 
has  been  sent  us  (through  Rev.  Dr.  A.  E.  Dickinson)  by  Mr.  J.  W.  Odell,  of 
Clarksburg,  West  Va.     We  return  our  hearty  thanks. 


Jack  White,  One  ok  the  Heroes  of  Sabine  Pass,  is  not  dead,  as  re- 
ported in  the  extract  we  published  in  the  October  number,  but  is  living  at 
Houston,  Texas,  "  hale  and  hearty,"  as  one  of  our  subscribers  there,  kindly 
informs  us. 

By  the  way  we  have  from  a  P'ederal  officer  who  participated  in  the  fight  at 
Sabine  Pass  a  very  different  version  of  it  from  the  one  we  have  published. 
We  regret  that  this,  as  well  as  other  very  interesting  articles,  was  crowded 
out  of  this  number,  but  it  shall  duly  appear,  and  then  we  hope  to  have  an 
account  from  some  Cofifederate  participant. 


Other  Editorial  Paragraphs  and  Literary  Notices  "  crowded  out." 


Vol.  XII. 


Richmond;  Va.,  March,  1884. 


Nos.  3. 


Last    Letters    and     Telegrams    of    the     Confederacy — Correspondence     of 
General  John   C.  Breckinridge. 

[We  are  indebted  to  Hon.  C.  R.  Breckinridge  for  copying  and 
verifying  from  the  originals  the  following  letters  and  telegrams  which 
were  among  the  last  in  the  official  correspondence  of  his  distin- 
guished father,  the  last  Secretary  of  War  of  the  Confederacy  :] 

Greensboro',  25th. 
Hon.  J.  C.  Breckinridge, — The  officers  named  shall  be  sent. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  Gen'l. 

This  paper  is  endorsed  as  follows  in  my  father's  handwriting  : 
"  Mill.  Papers,  April,  1865."     "  They  did  not  come." 

Greensboro',  Apl.  26,  -j  A   M. 
General  J.  C.  Breckinridge,  Secretary  War, — I  am  going  to  meet 
General  Sherman  at  the  same  place. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  Gen'l. 

Greensboro',  April  24th. 
Hon.  J  no.   C.  Breckinridge,  Sec.  War, — I  telegraphed  you  yes- 


98  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

terday  that  Gen'l  Sherman  informed  me  he  expected  his  messenger 
to  return  from  Washington  to-day.     Please  answer. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  Gen'l. 

Greensboro',  Apl.  24th. 
Hon.   J.  C.  Breckinridge, — Gen'l  Johnston  directs  me  to  remain 
in  this  office  to  ascertain  if  you   can  decipher  the  telegram.     You 
will  please  notify  me,  that  I  may  report  to  him. 

D.   S.   RvAN.  Opr.  for  Gen'l  J. 

Greensboro,  Apl.  25th,  11:30^^.  M. 
Hon.  J.  C.    Breckinridge,   Sec'ty  of  War, — I   have  proposed  to 
Gen'l  Sherman  military  negotiations  in  regard  to  this  army. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  Gen'l. 

Greensboro,  April  25,  10  A.  M. 
Hon.  J.  C.  Breckinridge,  Sec.  War, — Your  dispatch  received. 
We  have  to  save  the  people,  save  the  blood  of  the  army,  and 
save  the  high  civil  functionaries.  Your  plan,  I  think,  can  only 
do  the  last.  We  ought  to  prevent  invasion,  make  terms  for  our 
troops,  and  give  an  escort  of  our  best  cavalry  to  the  President,  who 
ought  to  move  without  loss  of  a  moment.  Commanders  believe  the 
troops  will  not  fight  again.  We  think  your  plan  impracticable. 
Major-General  Wilson,  U.  S.  A.,  has  captured  Macon,  with  Ma- 
jor-Generals  Cobb  and  G.  W.  Smith,  Brigadiers  Mackall,  Mercer, 
and  the  garrison.  Federal  papers  announce  capture  of  Mobile, 
with  three  thousand  prisoners. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  Gen'l. 

[Cypher.] 
Charlotte,  N.  C,  April  24,  1865,  \\  P.  M. 
Gen'l  J.  E.  Johnston,  Greensboro,  N.  C, — Does  not  your  sug- 
gestion about  disbanding  refer  to  the  infantry  and  most  of  the  artil- 
lery? If  it  be  necessary  to  disband  these,  they  might  still  save  their 
small  arms  and  find  their  way  to  some  appointed  rendezvous.  Can 
you  not  bring  off  the  cavalry,  and  all  the  men  you  can  mount  from 
the  transportation  and  other  animals,  with  some  light  field  pieces  ? 
Such  a  force  could  march  away  from  Sherman,  and  be  strong  enough 
to  encounter  anything  between  us  and  the  southwest.  If  this  course 
be  possible,  carry  it  out,  and  telegraph  your  intended  route. 

John  C.  Breckinridge, 

Sec.  of  War. 


Last  Letters  and  Telegrams  of  the  Confederacy.  99 

The  above  is  all  my  father's  hand,  and  is  endorsed  by  him  simply 
"Mill.  Papers— April,  1863."  C.  R.  B. 

May  3d,  1865 — Half  mile  west  of  Savannah  Bridge,  S  P.  M. 

Dear  Sir,  —I  have  not  heard  from  you  in  answer  to  my  note  of 
this  day,  and  the  condition  of  things  here,  together  with  great  fa- 
tigue, have  prevented  my  going  forward. 

Nothing  can  be  done  with  the  bulk  of  this  command.  It  has  been 
with  difficulty  that  anything  has  been  kept  in  shape.  I  am  having 
the  silver  paid  to  the  troops,  and  will  in  any  event  save  the  gold  and 
have  it  brought  forward  in  the  morning,  when  I  hope  Judge  Reagan 
will  take  it. 

Many  of  the  men  have  thrown  away  their  arms.  Most  of  them 
have  resolved  to  remain  here  under  Vaughn  and  Dibbrell,  and  will 
make  terms.  A  few  hundred  men  will  move  on  and  may  be  de- 
pended on  for  the  object  we  spoke  of  yesterday.  I  would  respect-, 
fully  and  earnestly  repeat  the  suggestions  I  then  made.  Let  me 
know  if  you  desire  me  to  adopt  any  other  course  than  that  proposed. 
If  you  are  at  Washington,  or  this  side,  I  can  ride  forward  in  the 
morning  to  see  you. 

Yours  very  truly, 

John  C.   Breckinridge,  Sec.  of  War. 

To  President  Davis. 

Official  :    Wm.  J.  Davis,  A.  A.  G. 

P.  S.—g  P.  M.—Yom  note  of  3:15  P.  M.  this  date  just  received. 
What  I  have  written  above  explains  condition  of  affairs.  The 
specie  train  could  not  have  been  moved  on  but  for  the  course 
adopted.  Out  of  nearly  four  thousand  men  present  but  a  few  hun- 
dred could  be  relied  on,  and  they  were  intermixed  with  the  mass. 
Threats  have  just  reached  me  to  seize  the  whole  amount,  but  I  hope 
the  guard  at  hand  will  be  sufficient. 

(Signed)  J.   C.   B. 

This  paper  is  endorsed  in  the  same  hand  as  the  paper  itself,  which, 
I  presume  is  that  of  Major  Davis:  "Copy  of  communication  from 
Secr'y  of  War  to  the  President.     May,  3rd,  1865." 

C.  R.  B. 

Confederate  States  of  America, 
War  Department,  i^  Miles  west  of  Savannah  Bridge,  Geo., 

May  3,  '65. 
[Extract  Special  Order  No. .] 

Maj.  E.  C.  White,  Senior  O.   M.,   will  take  charge  of  silver  (in 


100  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

specie  and  bullion)  belonging  to  the  Government,  and  estimated  at 
one  hundred  and  eight  thousand,  three  hundred  and  twenty-two 
lYff  dollars  ($108,322.90). 

He  will  distribute  the  specie,  proportionably,  to  the-  troops  pres- 
ent upon  certified  returns  of  the  strength  of  their  commands  by  the 
several  brigade  commanders.  He  will  correctly  estimate  the  value 
of  the  bullion  in  coin;  and  will  pay  in  gold,  placed  in  his  hands  for 
the  purpose,  as  above  required  for  the  distribution  of  the  silver  in 
specie. 

By  command  of  the  Sec'ty  of  War. 

(Signed)  W.  J.  Davis,  A.  A.  G. 

For  Maj.  White,  O.  M. 

This  is  endorsed  in  the  same  hand  as  the  previous  paper,  No.  8, 
and  as  follows:  "WarDep't  C.  S.,  May  3rd,  1865.  Extract  Spe- 
cial Order  No.  .     (Copy.)     Directs  Maj.  White,  O.  M.,  to  take 

charge  of  Gov't  silver,  and  pay  to  troops,  &c.  A  true  copy — Wm. 
J.  Davis,  A.  A.  G*" 

The  signature  confirms  that  this  and  other  papers  are  correctly 
construed  as  Maj.  D — 's  handwriting. 

C.  R.  B. 

Greensboro',  23  April. 
Gen'l  J.  C.  Breckinridge, — Gen.  Sherman  writes  that  he  expects 
the  return  of  his  officer  from  Washington  to-morrow. 

J.  E.  Johnston. 

Charlotte,  N.  C,  April  23,  1865. 
To  His  Excellency  the  President: 

Sir, — In  obedience  to  your  request,  I  have  the  honor  to  submit 
my  advice  on  the  course  you  should  take  upon  the  memorandum  or 
basis  of  agreement  made  on  the  i8th  inst. ,  by  and  between  Gen.  J. 
E.  Johnston,  of  the  Confederate  States  Army,  and  Gen.  W.  T. 
Sherman,  of  the  United  States  Army,  provided  that  paper  should 
receive  the  approval  of  the  Government  of  the  United  States. 

The  principal  army  of  the  Confederacy  was  recently  lost  in  Vir- 
ginia. Considerable  bodies  of  troops  not  attached  to  that  army 
have  either  dispersed  or  marched  toward  their  homes,  accompanied 
by  many  of  their  officers.  Five  days  ago  the  effective  force  in  in- 
fantry and  artillery  of  General  Johnston's  army  was  but  14,770  men, 
and  it  continues  to  diminish.     That  officer  thinks  it  wholly  impossi- 


Last  Letters  and  Telegrams  of  the  Confederacy.        101 

ble  for  him  to  make  any  head  against  the  overwhelming  forces  of 
the  enemy.  Our  ports  are  closed  and  the  sources  of  foreign  supply 
lost  to  us.  The  enemy  occupy  all  or  the  greater  part  of  Missouri, 
Kentucky,  Tennessee,  Virginia,  and  North  Carolina,  and  move  al- 
most at  will  through  the  other  States  to  the  east  of  the  Mississippi, 
They  have  recently  taken  Selma,  Montgomery,  Columbus,  Macon, 
and  other  important  towns,  depriving  us  of  large  depots  of  supplies 
and  of  munitions  of  war.  Of  the  small  force  still  at  command  many 
are  unarmed,  and  the  ordnance  department  cannot  furnish  5,000 
stand  of  small  arms.  I  do  not  think  it  would  be  possible  to  assem- 
ble, equip  and  maintain  an  army  of  30,000  men  at  any  point  east  of 
the  Mississippi.  The  contest,  if  continued  after  this  paper  is  re- 
jected, will  be  likely  to  lose  entirely  the  dignity  of  regular  warfare. 
Many  of  the  States  will  make  such  terms  as  they  may  ;  in  others, 
separate  and  ineffective  hostilities  may  be  prosecuted,  while  war, 
wherever  waged,  will  probably  degenerate  into  that  irregular  and 
secondary  stage  out  of  which  greater  evils  will  flow  to  the  South 
than  to  the  enemy. 

For  these,  and  for  other  reasons  which  need  not  now  be  stated,  I 
think  we  can  no  longer  contend  with  a  reasonable  hope  of  success. 
It  seems  to  me  the  time  has  arrived  when,  in  a  large  and  clear  view 
of  the  situation,  prompt  steps  should  be  taken  to  put  a  stop  to  the 
war.  The  terms  proposed  are  not  wholly  unsuited  to  the  altered 
condition  of  affairs.  The  States  are  preserved,  certain  essential 
rights  secured,  and  thp  army  rescued  from  degradation. 

It  may  be  said  that  the  agreement  of  the  i8th  instant  contains 
certain  stipulations  which  you  cannot  perform.  This  is  true,  and  it 
was  well  understood  by  General  Sherman  that  only  a  part  could  be 
executed  by  the  Confederate  authorities.  In  any  case,  grave  re- 
sponsibilities must  be  met  and  assumed.  If  the  necessity  for  peace 
be  conceded,  corresponding  action  must  be  taken.  The  modes  of 
negotiation  which  we  deem  regular,  and  would  prefer,  are  impracti- 
cable. The  situation  is  anomalous,  and  cannot  be  solved  upon  prin- 
ciples of  theoretical  exactitude.  In  my  opinion  you  are  the  only 
person  who  can  meet  the  present  necessities. 

I  respectfully  advise  — 

ist.  That  you  execute,  so  far  as  you  can,  the  second  article  of  the 
agreement  of  the  iSth  instant. 

2d.  That  you  recommend  to  the  several  States  the  acceptance  of 
those  parts  of  the  agreement  upon  which  they  alone  can  act. 

3d.   Having  maintained,   with   faithful  and  intrepid   purpose,  the 


102  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

cause  of  the  Confederate  States  while  the  means  of  organized  resist- 
ance remained,  that  you  return  to  the  States  and  the  people  the 
trust  which  you  are  no  longer  able  to  defend. 

Whatever  course  you  pursue,  opinions  will  be  divided.  Permit 
me  to  give  mine.  Should  these  or  similar  views  accord  with  your 
own,  I  think  the  better  judgment  will  be  that  you  can  have  no  higher 
title  to  the  gratitude  of  your  countrymen  and  the  respett  of  man- 
kind than  will  spring  from  the  wisdom  to  see  the  path  of  duty  at 
this  time,  and  the  courage  to  follow  it,  regardless  alike  of  praise  or 
blame. 

Respectfully  and  truly  your  friend, 

John  C.  Breckinridge, 

Sec.  of  War. 

This  paper  is  endorsed:  "Charlotte,  N.  C. ,  April  23,  '65.  Letter 
John  C.  Breckinridge  to  the  President." 

This  is  a  copy  of  the  original,  and  seems  to  be  in  the  handwriting 
of  Col.  James  Wilson.  Here  and  there  are  a  few  small  corrections 
in  the  handwriting  of  my  father;  as,  for  instance,  an  and  is  scratched 
and  above  it  or  is  placed.     This  is  next  to  the  last  word  in  the  letter. 

C.  R.  B. 

Headquarters  First  Brigade  E.  Tenn.  Cav.  Div'n. 

Lincolnton,  N.  C,  April  23rd,  1865. 

General, — I  have  the  honor  to  acknowledge  receipt  by  flag  of 
truce  from  you  of  two  communications  addressed  to  Major-General 
Stoneman,  one  from  Major-General  Sherman  and  one  from  General 
J.  E.  Johnston. 

These  communications  were  immediately  forwarded  to  General 
Stoneman  through  the  Headquarters  of  this  Cavalry  Division,  and 
I  have  no  doubt  that  a  reply  will  be  sent  by  flag  of  truce  within  a 
few  days. 

I  am.  General,  your  obedient  servant, 

Wm.  J.  Palmer, 
Brevet  Brigadier-General  Commanding  Brigade. 
Major-General  J.  C.  Breckinridge, 

Secretary  of  War,  Charlotte,  N.  C. 

Greensboro',  April  27th. 
Brig. -Gen' 1    Z.    York, — Your   dispatch   rec'd.      Will    communi- 


Last  Letters  and  Telegrams  of  the  Confederacy.        103 

cate  with  you.     Forward  following  to  Gen'l  Breckinridge  immedi- 
ately. 

Wade  Hampton,  Lt. -Gen'l. 

Greensboro',  27th,  11  P.  M. 
Gen.  J.  C.  Breckinridge, — You  gave  me  orders  on  25th  to  move 
on  my  return  on  26th.  I  found  Military  Convention.  I  think  I 
am  free  from  its  terms  by  your  previous  order.  Have  notified  Gen'l 
Johnston  that  I  will  abide  by  your  decision.  Am  ready  to  move  as 
ordered.     Answer  here  or  Lexington. 

Wade  Hampton,  Lt.-Gen'l 

This  has  no  endorsement.  You  perceive,  from  certain  abbrevia- 
tions, which  are  not  omissions  of  mine,  that  the  communication  was 
apparently  written  in  haste.  C.  R.  B. 

Catawba  Bridge,  April  28th,  1865. 
Hon.  John  C.  Breckinridge,  Secretary  of  War — My  Dear  Sir, — I 
send  you  a  dispatch  just  received  from   General   Hampton,  by  my 
A.  A.  G. 

Have  the  kindess  to  send  me  two  mounted  couriers. 
I  sent  you  early  this  morning  by  my  only  courier  two  dispatches. 
Yours,  truly, 

Z.  York,   Brig.  General. 

This  is  from  Colonel  Hoke,  as  follows  : 

Headquarters  Charlotte,  April  27th,  1S65. 
General  John  C.  Breckinridge,  Secretary  of  War:  Dear  Sir, — I 
send  copy  of  telegram  received  at  11  o'clock  to-day  : 

Greensboro,  27th  April. 
Brigadier-General  Echols, — A  military  convention  has  been  made 
by  General  Sherman  and  myself  terminating  hostilities  between  our 
commands.     Send  intelligence  to  Secretary  of  War,  if  you  can,  and 
g'ive  information  to  Major-General  Stoneman. 

(Signed)  J.  E.  Johnston. 

I  have  sent  a  flag  of  truce,  with  a  letter  of  General  Cooper,  to 
General  Stoneman. 

Yours,  respectfully, 

William  J.  Hoke, 
Colonel  Com.  Post. 


104  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Catawba  Bridge,  28th  April,  1865. 
Hon.    Jno.    C.    Breckinridge,    Sec'y   of   War  :    My   Dear   Sir, — 
I  send  you  a  dispatch  just   received  with  instructions  to  deUver  it 
without  delay.      I  have  heard  nothing  from  General  Wade  Hampton 
except  what  is  mentioned  in  the  enclosed  dispatch. 

I  have  answered  him  at  every   point  along  the   line,   informing 
that  the  ferry  at  this  point  was  in  good  order  and  that  you  had  or- 
dered me  to  hold  it  till  he  (General   Hampton)  came,  which  I  shall 
do  regardless  of  consequences,  unless  relieved  by  your  order. 
Yours  respectfully, 

Z.   York,  Brig.  Gen'l. 

The  following  paper  was  first  dated  14th  April,  is  all  in  pencil, 
and  the  i  of  14  was  changed,  in  ink,  at  the  top  and  bottom,  and 
made  a  2.  Therefore  it  reads  as  follows.  I  will  add  that  the  altera- 
tion is  evidently  old,  and  may  have  been  made  by  my  father,  as  his 
endorsement  on  the  back — "  Mill.  Papers,  April,  1865" — is  the  only 
writing  in  ink  contained  in  this  paper.  My  father  likewise  endorsed 
on  the  back  in  pencil:   "  Telegram  from  General  J.  E.Johnston — 

ans'd." 

C.   R.   B. 

Greensboro',  April  24 — 6:30  P.  M. 
Hon.  J.  C.  Breckinridge,  Sec.  War, — I  have  just  rec'd  dis- 
patches from  Gen.  Sherman  informing  me  that  instructions  from 
Washington  direct  him  to  limit  his  negotiations  to  my  comm"&nd, 
demanding  its  surrender  on  the  terms  granted  to  Gen.  Lee,  and 
notifying  me  of  the  termination  of  the  truce  in  forty-eight  hours 
from  noon  to-day.  Have  you  (I  presume  he  meant  your — C.  R. 
B.)  instructions.  We  had  better  disband  this  small  force  to  prevent 
devastation  of  country. 

J.  E.  Johnston,  General. 

Hd.  Ors.  Gilbert's  House,  May  2,  1865. 
Major-Gen' 1  J.  C.  Breckinridge,  Secretary  of  War  :  Sir, — For 
the  purpose  of  executing  the  orders  received  from  you  this  evening, 
it  is  necessary  that  I  be  supplied  with  public  funds,  the  amount 
turned  over  to  my  disbursing  officers  having  been  exhausted.  I 
respectfully  request  that  a  portion  of  the  funds  be  furnished  in 
specie,  if  practicable. 

I  have  the  honor  to  be,  Gen'l,  very  respectfully  your  obt.  svt. , 

Braxton  Bragg,  Gen'l. 


Memoir  of  General  John  Bankhead  Mcujruder.         105 

Below  appears  the  following  addition  in  the  same  hand  as  the  sig- 
nature, which  is  different  from  the  body  of  the  communication,  and 
I  presume  is  made  by  General  Bragg  himself:  C.  R.  B. 

"My  own  money  all  in  Confed,  paper,  and  very  limited. 

"B.  B." 

Chester,  27  Ap'l. 
Gen.    York, — Forward   following    dispatch    by   courier   to   Gen'l 
Breckinridge. 

(Sig.)  Wm.  Preston  Johnston. 

Hon.  J.  C.  Breckinridge,  Company  Shops, — Some  time  ago  I 
notified  Gen'l  Johnston  not  to  include  me  in  any  surrender.  You 
gave  me  orders  to  move  on  (25th).  In  return  I  find  army  surren- 
dered. Think  I  am  free-  What  is  your  decision?  Answer  here 
and  Greensboro. 

Wade  Hampton,   Lt.  Gen'l. 

This  is  in  my  father's  hand-writing  :  C.  R.  B. 

Love's  Ford,  Broad  River,  Ap'l  2Sth,  1865. 
Lt.  Gen.  Wade  Hampton,  Greensboro,  Lexington,  Salisbury,  or 
any  other  point  on  line, — Your  dispatches  of  27th  rec'd.  The  verbal 
directions  to  you  contemplated  your  meeting  Gen.  Johnston,  and 
his  action  before  any  convention  with  enemy.  If  my  letter  to  him 
of  25th,  which  you  carried,  was  not  rec'd  before  completion  of  terms, 
the  Gov't,  with  its  imperfect  knowledge  of  the  facts,  cannot  interfere 
as  to  the  body  of  the  troops  ;  but,  in  regard  to  yourself,  if  not  pres- 
ent nor  consenting,  it  is  the  opinion  of  the  Government  that  you, 
and  others  in  like  condition,  are  free  to  come  out. 

John  C.  Breckinridge,  Sec.  of  War. 


Memoir  of  General  John  Bankhead  Magruder. 

By  General  A.  L.  Long. 

As  far  back  as  1848  the  name  of  Colonel  John  Bankhead  Magru- 
der became  familiar  to  me  through  the  press.  He  had  just  returned 
from  Mexico  crowned  with  honor  fairly  won  in  the  brilliant  cam- 
paigns of  General  Scott.  But  it  was  not  until  1851  that  I  became 
personally  acquainted  with  him.     He  was  then  in  command  of  Fort 


106  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Adams  (the  guardian  of  the  harbor  and  town  of  Newport,  Rhode 
Island ).  Here  he  enjoyed  a  fine  field  for  exercising  his  high  social 
qualities  and  fondness  for  military  display.  His  princely  hospitality 
and  the  brilliant  show-drills  with  which  he  entained  his  visitors  made 
Fort  Adams  one  of  the  most  attractive  features  of  the  most  cele- 
brated watering  place  in  America.  It  was,  however,  not  until  some 
years  later,  when  I  came  under  his  command,  that  I  learned  to  ap- 
preciate the  chivalric  character  and  admire  the  military  ability  of 
Colonel  Magruder.  This  was  at  Fort  Leavenworth,  in  the  fall  of 
1858,  after  the  suppression  of  the  political  troubles  in  Kansas. 

The  assemblage  of  a  considerable  number  of  artillery  companies 
at  Fort  Leavenworth  suggested  the  establishment  of  a  light  artillery 
school  at  that  place,  on  the  plan  of  the  school  that  had  been  created 
at  Old  Point.  On  this  suggestion  the  Leavenworth  school  was 
established  in  the  spring  of  1859.  Colonel  Dimick,  by  virtue  of  his 
rank,  became  superintendent  of  this  school.  He  was  an  officer  re- 
markable for  purity  and  integrity  of  character;  through  a  long  expe- 
rience his  valor  and  his  piety  shone  alike  conspicuous.  Shortly  after 
the  establishment  of  the  Leavenworth  school,  Colonel  Dimick  was 
removed  to  another  sphere  of  duty,  and  Colonel  Magruder  became 
his  successor.  He  was  well-fitted  for  the  position  to  which  he  had 
been  assigned.  His  early  career  in  the  light  artillery  service,  in 
companionship  with  Bragg,  Duncan,  and  Ridgely,  impressed  upon 
him  a  character  for  dashing  and  bold  qualities,  so  necessary  for  the 
light  artillery  officers.  On  the  fields  of  Pallo  Alto,  Reseca  de  la 
Palma  and  Buena  Vista,  and  the  Valley  of  Mexico,  the  brilliant  ex- 
ploits of  the  artillery  filled  the  army  with  admiration.  There  it  was 
that  Magruder  learned  the  lessons  in  artillery  that  so  well  fitted  him 
to  become  the  instructor  in  after-life.  Magruder  brought  with  him 
to  Leavenworth  the  disposition  which  had  characterized  him  at  New- 
port. Although  in  the  West  the  brilliant  show-drills  and  dress- 
parades  were  often  only  witnessed  by  a  group  of  frontiermen,  or  a 
squad  of  Indians  from  the  plains,  he  appeared  as  well  satisfied  as  on 
similar  occasions  at  Newport,  when  the  spectators  were  the  gay 
crowd  of  a  fashionable  watering-place.  The  sequel  to  his  military 
exercises  was  usually  a  dinner,  provided  with  all  the  taste  of  a  con- 
noisseur. There  were  others  at  our  school  entitled  to  a  passing 
notice,  both  on  account  of  their  military  reputation  and  social  char- 
acter. The  great  value  of  the  artillery  schools  at  Old  Point  and 
Leavenworth  cannot  be  better  be  illustrated  than  by  referring  to 
some  of  the  names  which  subsequent  events  have  rendered  distin- 


Memoir  of  General  John  Bankhead  Magruder.         107 

gulshed,  such  as  Bailey,  Benson,  and  Grebble,  who,  in  the  brilHant 
display  of  their  skill,  were  removed  from  the  theatre  of  fame  when 
honor  was  fast  gathering  about  them,  while  there  still  remained 
Hunt,  Barry,  and  some  others,  in  the  enjoyment  of  distinguished 
reputations. 

The  light  artillery  of  the  United  States  before  the  Mexican  war 
was  held  in  but  small  estimation,  but  the  brilliant  service  of  the 
batteries  of  Magruder,  Bragg  and  Duncan  during  that  war  raised  it 
to  a  high  degree  of  popularity,  and  subsequently,  through  the  in- 
fluence of  the  rhilitary  academy  at  West  Point  and  the  artillery 
schools  at  Old  Point  and  Leavenworth,  the  Federal  and  Confederate 
artillery  of  America  acquired  a  character  that  was  unsurpassed  by 
the  artillery  of  any  other  nation.  In  the  time  of  Bonaparte,  France 
took  the  lead  in  the  improvements  of  artillery,  and  during  the  gi- 
gantic wars  that  convulsed  Europe  in  the  reign  of  Napoleon  the 
First  the  field  artillery  of  France  acquired  an  excellence  that  ad- 
mitted of  but  little  improvement  for  the  succeeding  fifty  years. 
After  the  restoration  of  peace  in  Europe  many  of  the  leading  na- 
tions made  preparations  for  the  cultivation  of  the  science  of  war, 
but  the  decade  from  1850  to  i860  was  reserved  to  produce  the  most 
marked  improvements  in  all  kinds  of  artillery.  The  Crimean  war 
was  followed  by  numerous  inventions  for  modeling  and  constructing 
the  various  implements  of  war.  Among  the  field  artillery  of  France 
appeared  the  twelve-pounder  Napoleon  gun,  and  about  the  same 
time  the  Lancaster  gun  made  its  appearance  in  England.  The 
superiority  of  the  Napoleon  consists  in  its  power  to  admit  of  the  in- 
discriminate use  of  shell  and  solid  shot,  with  an  increase  of  metal 
insufficient  to  diminish  its  mobility.  The  Lancaster  gun  is  con- 
structed with  the  view  of  imparting  a  rotary  motion  to  its  projectile, 
in  order  to  produce  accuracy  of  fire  with  increased  range.  Although 
this  gun  was  practically  unsuccessful,  it  lead  to  the  introduction  of 
the  rifle  cannon,  from  which  immense  range  and  much  accuracy  was 
obtained.  While  the  improvements  in  cannon  were  in  progress, 
their  destructive  power  was  greatly  increased  by  the  inventions  of 
various  kinds  of  explosive  projectiles.  While  Europe  was  engaged 
in  improving  and  inventing  engines  of  war,  America  has  not  been 
behind  in  contributing  her  portion,  especiallv  in  the  improvement  of 
naval  and  sea-coast  guns,  of  which  the  Columbia,  the  Dalghren, 
the  Brooke  and  Rodman  guns  are  unsurpassed  for  destructiveness. 

Magruder  was  not  a  tyrannical  schoolmaster,  but  allowed  the  offi- 
cers under  his   command  to  dispose  of  their  leisure  time  as  suited 


108  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

their  inclination,  and  was  himself  always  ready  to  participate  in  the 
amusements  of  his  subalterns. 

It  was  soon  evident  that  the  instruction  received  at  West  Point, 
supplemented  by  that  obtained  at  the  Leavenworth  and  Old  Point 
schools,  had  raised  the  United  States  artillery  to  a  state  of  efficiency 
unsurpassed  by  that  of  any  other  nation,  as  was  subsequently  de- 
monstrated on  many  a  hard-fight  field. 

The  Leavenworth  school  continued  under  the  control  of  Colonel 
Magruder  until  it  was  disintegrated  by  the  violent  political  excite- 
ment that  preceded  the  inauguration  of  Mr.   Lincoln. 

At  the  first  note  of  civil  war,  which  soon  followed  that  event,  Col- 
onel Magruder  resigned  his  commission  in  the  United  States  Army 
and  repaired  to  his  native  State,  and  was  seen  among  the  first  who 
offered  their  services  for  the  defence  of  Virginia,  and  soon  after  he 
was  entrusted  with  the  defence  of  Yorktown  and  the  peninsula  em- 
braced by  York  river  and  the  James,  with  the  rank  of  Brigadier- 
General. 

In  his  new  field  of  operation  Magruder  displayed  great  energy 
and  ability  in  strengthening  his  position  and  disciplining  his  troops. 
His  force,  though  necessarily  small  at  this  early  stage  of  the  war, 
under  his  masterly  hand  rose  with  such  rapidity  in  efficiency  that  on 
the  8th  of  June  he  was  able  to  encounter  and  defeat  the  enemy  at 
Big  Bethel  in  greatly  superior  numbers.  This  was  the  first  conflict 
of  arms  since  the  fall  of  Fort  Sumter,  and  although  small  in  point 
of  numbers,  its  moral  effect  was  considerable  by  inspiring  the  Con- 
federates with  confidence,  while  it  had  a  depressing  influence  upon 
the  Federals. 

After  this  affair  the  Federals  made  no  other  demonstration  on  the 
Peninsula  until  the  ensuing  spring;  during  which  period  Magruder 
applied  himself  with  skill  and  industry  to  the  completion  of  the  de- 
fences of  his  position.  He  first  occupied  himself  in  securing  the 
command  of  York  river  by  the  erection  of  strong  batteries  at  York- 
town  and  Gloucester  Point,  where  the  river  is  less  than  a  mile  wide; 
then  completed  his  land  defences  to  the  Warwick,  near  its  head,  and 
subsequently  extended  them  down  that  river  to  its  mouth.  The 
strip  of  land  between  the  Warwick  and  the  James,  being  marshy, 
could  easily  be  rendered  difficult,  if  not  impracticable,  for  military 
movements  by  inundation,  for  which  purpose  dams  were  constructed 
on  the  Warwick. 

Magruder' s  defences  were  so  complete  that  when  McClellan  ad- 
vanced against  them  on  the  4th  of  April  with   his   powerful  army, 


Memoir  of  General  John  Bankhead  Magruder.  109 

upon  a  personal  examination,  he  found  them  too  strong  to  be  carried 
by  assault,  and  therefore  determined  to  reduce  them  by  regular  ap- 
proaches. For  that  purpose  he  promptly  commenced  the  erection 
of  his  primary  batteries  beyond  the  effective  range  of  Magruder' s 
guns  (one  and  a  half  miles). 

At  this  time  Magruder' s  force  did  not  exceed  eleven  thousand 
men,  while  that  of  his  opponent  numbered  over  a  hundred  thousand. 
Notwithstanding  this  disparity  of  numbers,  Magruder,  with  match- 
less audacity,  maintained  his  position  for  several  weeks.  Every  ad- 
vance of  McClellan  was  met  with  such  vigor  and  boldness  that  he 
was  compelled  to  retire  with  loss.  His  force  being  evidently  inade- 
quate for  the  permanent  maintenance  of  his  position,  strong  re-en- 
forcements were  ordered  to  his  assistance,  and  General  Johnston  was 
directed  to  assume  command  of  the  Peninsula.  Magruder,  in  his 
report,  says  that  with  twenty-five  thousand  men  he  could  have  held 
his  position.  Judging  from  what  had  preceded,  this  was  clearly  no 
idle  boast.  It  may  be  here  remarked,  in  the  face  of  his  distinguished 
service,  that  the  omission  of  Magruder' s  name  is  a  matter  of  sur- 
prise, when  reference  is  made  to  the  Peninsula  campaign. 

After  General  Magruder  had  resigned  the  command  of  the  Penin- 
sula to  General  Johnston,  he  exhibited  the  same  patriotic  zeal  as 
division  commander  that  had  characterized  him  while  exercising  an 
independent  command.  His  division,  which  was  trained  under  his 
own  eye  was  unsurpassed  in  discipline  and  spirit  by  any  other  divi- 
sion in  the  army. 

We  will  now  follow  General  Magruder  to  the  Chickahominy. 
For  his  heroic  defence  of  the  Peninsula  he  had  been  rewarded  with 
the  rank  of  Major-General.  The  day  after  the  battle  of  Seven  Pines 
I  met  Magruder  for  the  first  time  since  the  commencement  of  the 
war.  He  did  not  then  possess  the  dashing  nonchalant  air  that  char- 
acterized him  at  Newport,  and  which  he  particularly  retained  at 
-Leavenworth,  but  he  had  the  mien  of  a  veteran  who  .fully  under- 
stood the  importance  of  his  position.  General  Lee  had  just  assumed 
the  command  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia,  and  was  occupied 
in  the  selection  of  a  defensive  line.  The  position  that  had  been 
chosen  by  General  Johnston  with  but  slight  alteration  was  adopted, 
and  Magruder  retained  that  position  that  had  been  previously  occu- 
pied by  his  division,  that  being  the  one  of  greatest  prominence. 

From  the  ist  to  the  25th  of  June  the  operations  of  both  armies 
were  of  preparatory  character.  During  that  interval  I  was  fre- 
quently on  Magruder' s  line,  and  was  always  impressed  with  the  supe- 


110  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

rior  character  of  his  defences  and  the  soldierly  bearing  of  his  troops. 
But  it  soon  became  obvious  that  Magruder  belonged  partly  to  that 
class  of  men  whose  genius,  being  unshackled,  was  capable  of  achiev- 
ing the  most  brilliant  results  ;  but  when  overshadowed  by  authority 
became  paralyzed.  This  flaw  in  the  character  of  Magruder  became 
apparent  when  left  in  command  of  the  defences  before  Richmond, 
while  General  Lee  operated  north  of  the  Chickahominy  against 
McClellan's  right  wing.  On  the  27th  his  martial  spirit  was  aroused 
by  the  sound  of  battle  from  Gaines'  Mill,  and  he  boldly  left  his  en- 
trenchment, and  made  so  formidable  a  demonstration  that  General 
McClellan  felt  it  necessary  to  withhold  the  reinforcements  he  had  in- 
tended to  send  General  Porter  at  Gaines'  Mill.  But  on  the  28th  the 
audacity  which  was  so  conspicuous  on  the  Peninsula  seemed  to  aban- 
don him  ;  for  he  closely  hugged  his  breastworks  with  thirty  thousand 
men,  while  McClellan  was  in  active  preparations  for  retreat.  The  ad- 
vantage thus  gained  could  never  be  overcome.  On  the  29th,  how- 
ever, he  became  conscious  of  his  mistake,  and  endeavored  to  correct 
it  by  a  vigorous  attack  on  the  enemy's  rear  guard  at  Savage  Station. 
And  on  the  31st,  at  Malvern  Hill,  Magruder  assaulted,  with  splendid 
gallantry,  the  Federal  position.  His  division,  in  the  face  of  a  tre- 
mendous fire  of  artillery  and  musketry,  broke  through  the  enemy's 
line,  but  were  obliged  to  yield  the  advantage  it  had  won  to  over- 
powering numbers  of  fresh  troops.  The  ground  over  which  the 
terrible  conflict  raged  was  covered  with  the  Confederate  and  Federal 
slain,  lying  side  by  side. 

Soon  after  the  battle  General  Magruder  reported  in  person  to  Gen- 
eral Lee,  briefly  saying  :  ' '  My  division  made  a  heroic  attack  but 
gained  nothing  but  glory.  After  carrying  the  enemy's  position  we 
had  to  give  it  up  and  retire  before  greatly  superior  numbers." 

Shortly  after  the  defeat  of  General  McClellan,  General  Magruder 
was  appointed  to  the  command  of  the  Department  of  Texas,  which 
from  its  remoteness  and  extent  was  of  great  importance.  This  ex- 
hibition of  confidence  on  the  part  of  the  Confederate  Government 
furnishes  undeniable  proof  of  the  high  estimation  in  which  Magru- 
der was  held,  and  the  able  manner  in  which  he  performed  his  duties 
shows  that  his  ability  was  correctly  estimated. 

Magruder  continued  in  the  command  of  the  Department  of  Texas 
to  the  end  of  the  war.  While  exercising  that  important  trust  his 
patriotic  zeal  won  for  him  the  confidence  and  affection  of  the  Texans, 
among  whom  a  few  years  later  he  delivered  up  his  gallant  spirit  into 
the  hand  that  gave  it. 


'' Within  a  Stones  Throw  of  Independence !'  Ill 


"Within  a  Stone's  Throw  of  Independence  "  at  Gettysburg. 

Our  series  of  papers  on  Gettysburg — a  summing  up  of  which  we 
may  take  an  early  opportunity  of  making — cannot  be  carefully 
studied  by  the  unprejudiced  student  of  history  without  an  over- 
whelming conviction  that  if  General  Lee's  orders  had  been  properly 
carried  out  at  Gettysburg,  we  would  have  won  that  field,  crushed 
General  Meade's  army,  rescued  Maryland,  captured  Washington 
and  Baltimore,  and  dictated  terms  of  peace  on  Northern  soil. 

General  Lee  himself  said,  with  a  good  deal  of  feeling,  in  conver- 
sation with  some  gentlemen  in  Lexington,  Va. ,  not  long  before  his 
death :  '  'If  I  had  had  Stonewall  Jackson  at  Gettysbtirg  I  should  have 
won  there  a  great  victory^  and  if  wc  had  reaped  the  fruits  zvitlmi  our 
reach,  we  should  have  established  the  Independence  of  the  Confede- 
racy. ' ' 

We  verily  believe  that  the  verdict  of  impartial  History  will  be  that 
the  Confederates  would  have  won  Gettysburg,  and  Independence, 
but  for  the  failure  of  one  man. 

But  it  is  not  generally  known  that  just  at  this  crisis  England  was 
on  the  eve  of  recognizing  the  Confederacy,  and  was  only  prevented 
from  doing  so  by  our  defeat  at  Gettysburg.  The  story  is  thus  told 
by  an  English  statesman,  as  quoted  by  the  Lo7idon  Morning  Adver- 
tiser : 

"I  am  able  to  speak  with  knowledge  on  this  subject ;  and  I  affirm, 
without  fear  of  contradiction,  that  Mr.  Disraeli,  although  never  com- 
mitting himself — as  Mr.  Gladstone  and  Lord  John  Russell  did — to  the 
principles  for  which  the  Southern  Confederacy  was  fighting,  always 
regarded  '  recognition'  as  a  possible  card  to  play,  and  was  quite 
prepared,  at  the  proper  moment,  to  play  it.  The  moment  seemed 
to  have  come  when  General  Lee  invaded  the  Federal  States,  after 
having  shattered  the  strength  of  the  Northern  invasion.  At  that 
time  it  was  notorious  that  the  bulk  of  the  Tory  party  and  more  than 
half  of  the  Ministerialists  were  prepared  for  such  a  step.  Mr.  Lind- 
say's resolution  on  the  subject  had  failed,  Mr.  Roebuck's  eloquence 
had  been  equally  ineffectual.  But  in  the  face  of  the  repeated  tri- 
umphs of  the  Southern  army,  and  the  possible  occupation  of  the 
capital  by  General  Lee's  troops,  it  seemed  hopeless  to  restrain  the 
pent-up  feelings  of  the  House  of  Commons,  and  Mr.  Disraeli  saw  his 
opportunity. 

' '  I  had  frequent  conversations  with  him  on  the  subject,  and  I  per- 


I 


112  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

fectly  recollect  his  saying  to  me  that  he  thought  the  time  had  now 
come  to  move  in  the  matter.  'But,'  he  said,  'it  is  of  great  importance 
that,  if  the  move  is  to  be  made,  it  should  not  assume  a  party  charac- 
ter, and  it  is  of  equal  importance  that  the  initiative  should  come 
from  our  {i.  e.,  the  conservative)  side.  Now,  Mr.  Lindsay  carries  no 
weight.  Lord  Robert  Cecil  could  handle  the  matter  best,  but  he  is 
an  avowed  partisan  of  the  Confederacy  and  would  arouse  too  much 
party  feeling  on  the  other  side.  If  the  thing  is  to  be  done,  I  must  do 
it  myself ;  and  then,  from  all  I  hear  and  know,  the  resolution  will  be 
carried,  Lord  Palmerston  being  quite  disposed  to  accept  the  declara- 
tion of  Parliament  in  favor  of  a  policy  which  he  personally  approves. 
'But,'  he  continued,  'I  cannot  speak  without  more  knowledge  of 
the  subject  than  I  now  possess,  and  I  should  be  glad  if  you  could 
give  me  a  brief,  furnishing  the  necessary  statistics  of  the  population, 
the  institutions,  the  commercial  and  political  prospects  of  the  South- 
ern States,  in  order  that  when  the  moment  comes  I  may  be  fully 
armed.' 

"I  procured  the  necessary  information  from  the  best  authorities, 
and  placed  it  in  his  hands.  Every  day  seemed  to  bring  the  mo- 
ment for  its  use  nearer,  and  the  general  feeling  in  the  House  of  Com- 
mons was  perfectly  ripe  for  the  motion  in  favor  of  '  recognition, ' 
when  the  news  of  the  battle  of  Gettysburg  came  like  a  thunder-clap 
upon  the  country.  General  Meade  defeated  Lee,  and  saved  the 
Union,  and  from  that  day  not  another  word  was  heard  in  Parliament 
about  recognition.  A  few  days  afterward  I  saw  Mr.  Disraeli,  and 
his  exact  words  were:   "We  nearly  put  our  foot  in  it." 

"  Now  the  leader  of  the  Tory  opposition  may  have  been  right  or 
wrong  in  his  judgment,  but  it  was  not  he  who  controlled  the  Con- 
servative party.  The  most  powerful  influences  on  the  opposition 
side  were  undoubtedly  the  late  Lord  Derby,  through  his  acquaint- 
ance with  anti-slavery  feeling  in  the  manufacturing  districts  of  the. 
North,  and  the  present  Lord  Derby,  then  Lord  Stanley,  whose  sym- 
pathies were  always  and  avowedly  with  the  Northern  side.  But 
these  two  noblemen  would  have  been  powerless  against  the  over- 
whelming feeling  of  the  bulk  of  the  Tory  party,  and  Mr.  Disraeli, 
had  Lee  been  triumphant  at  Gettysburg,  would  undoubtedly  have 
carried  the  House  of  Commons  and  the  country  with  him." 

We  believe  that  even  after  Gettysburg  the  Confederacy  might  and 
ought  to  have  won  ;  but  we  have  not  a  shadow  of  doubt  that  we 
were  "  within  a  stone's  throw  of  Independence  "  on  that  great  field. 


How  They  3Iade  South  Carolina  "Howl."  115 

How  they  made  South    Carolina   "Howl" — Letter  from  one  of    "Sherman's 

Bummers." 

[From  the  Alderson  Statesman,  West  Va.,  of  October  29th,  1S83.] 

The  following  letter  was  found  in  the  streets  of  Columbia  after  the 
army  of  General  Sherman  had  left.  The  original  is  still  preserved 
and  can  be  shown  and  substantiated,  if  anybody  desires.  We  are 
indebted  to  a  distinguished  lady  of  this  city  for  a  copy,  sent  with  a 
request  for  publication.  We  can  add  nothing  in  the  way  of  com- 
ment on  such  a  document.      It  speaks  for  itself: 

Camp  near  Camden,  S.  C, 
•  February  26,  186^. 

My  Dear  Wife  : 

I  have  no  time  for  particulars.  We  have  had  a 
glorious  time  in  this  State.  Unrestricted  license  to  burn  and  plun- 
der was  the  order  of  the  day.  The  chivalry  have  been  stripped  of 
most  of  their  valuables.  Gold  watches,  silver  pitchers,  cups,  spoons, 
forks,  etc.,  etc.,  are  as  common  in  camp  as  blackberries.  The  terms 
of  plunder  are  as  follows:  The  valuables  procured  are  estimated  by 
companies.  Each  company  is  required  to  exhibit  the  result  of  its 
operations  at  any  given  place — one-fifth  and  first  choice  falls  to  the 
commander-in-chief  and  staff,  one-fifth  to  corps  commander  and 
staff,  one-fifth  to  field  officers,  two-fifths  to  the  company.  Officers  are 
not  allowed  to  join  in  these  expeditions  unless  disguised  as  privates. 
One  of  our  corps  commanders  borrowed  a  suit  of  rough  clothes  from 
one  of  my  men  and  was  successful  in  this  place.  He  got  a  large 
quantity  of  silver  (among  other  things  an  old  silver  milk  pitcher)  and 
a  very  fine  gold  watch  from  a  Mr.  De  Saussure,  of  this  place  (Colum- 
bia). De  Saussure  is  one  of  the  F.  F.  V. 's  of  S.  C,  and  was  made 
to  fork  out  liberally.  Officers  over  the  rank  of  Captain  are  not 
made  to  put  their  plunder  in  the  estimate  for  general  distribution. 
This  is  very  unfair,  and  for  that  reason,  in  order  to  protect  them- 
selves, the  subordinate  officers  and  privates  keep  everything  back  that 
they  can  carry  about  their  persons — such  as  rings,  ear-rings,  breast- 
pins, etc.,  etc.,  of  which,  if  I  live  to  get  home,  I  have  a  quart.  I 
am  not  joking.  I  have  at  least  a  quart  of  jewelry  for  you  and  all 
the  girls — and  some  No.  i  diamond  pins  and  rings  among  them. 
General  Sherman  has  gold  and  silver  enough  to  start  a  bank.  His 
2 


114  Southern  Historical  Society  Fa-pers. 

share  in  gold  watches  and  chains  alone,  at  Columbia,  was  two  hun- 
dred and  seventy-five. 

But  I  said  I  could  not  go  into  particulars.  All  the  general  officers 
and  many  besides  have  valuables  of  every  description,  down  to 
ladies'  pocket-handkerchiefs.      I  have  my  share  of  them,  too. 

We  took  gold  and  silver  enough  from  the  d — d  Rebels  to  have 
redeemed  their  infernal  currency  twice  over.  This  (the  currency) 
whenever  we  came  across  it  we  burned  it,  as  we  considered  it  utterly 
worthless. 

I  wish  all  the  jewelry  this  army  has  could  be  carried  to  the  ' '  Old 
Bay  State. "  It  would  deck  her  out  in  glorious  style;  but,  alas!  it 
will  be  scattered  all  over  the  North  and  Middle  States.  The  damned 
niggers,  as  a  general  thing,  preferred  to  stay  at  home — particularly 
after  they  found  out  that  we  \tanted  only  the  able-bodied  men,  and, 
to  tell  the  truth,  the  youngest  and  best  looking  women.  Sometimes 
we  took  them  off,  by  way  of  repaying  influential  secessionists.  But 
the  useless  part  of  these  we  soon  managed  to  lose — sometimes  in 
crossing  rivers — sometimes  by  other  ways. 

I  shall  write  you  again  from  Wilmington,  Goldsboro',  or  some 
other  place  in  North  Carolina.  The  order  to  march  has  arrived  and 
I  must  close  hurriedly.  Love  to  grandmother  and  Aunt  Charlotte. 
Take  care  of  yourself  and  the  children.  Don't  show  this  letter  out 
of  the  family. 

Your  affectionate  husband, 

Thomas  J.  Myers, 

Lieutenant,  etc. 

P.  S. — I  will  send  this  by  the  first  flag  of  truce,  to  be  mailed,  un- 
less I  have  an  opportunity  of  sending  it  to  Hilton  Head.  Tell  Sallie 
I  am  saving  a  pearl  bracelet  and  ear-rings  for  her.  But  Lambert 
got  the  necklace  and  breast-pin  of  the  same  set.  I  am  trying  to 
trade  him  out  of  thern.  These  were  taken  from  the  Misses  Jamison, 
daughters  of  the  President  of  the  South  Carolina  Secession  Conven- 
tion.    We  found  those  on  our  trip  through  Georgia. 

T.  J.   M. 

This  letter  was  addressed  to  Mrs.  Thomas  J.  Myers,  Boston,  Mass. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  115 

The  Story  of  the  Arkansas. 

By  George  W.  Gift 

No.   2. 

We  left  the  Carondelet  sinking  and  pursued  the  Tyler  and  Queen 
of  the  West.  Both  were  swifter  vessels  than  the  Arkansas,  and  in 
our  efforts  to  overtake  them  we  worked  off  steam  too  rapidly  and  the 
result  was  that  when  we  entered  the  Mississippi  river  they  had  gained 
sufficiently  on  us  to  notify  the  fleets  of  Farragut  and  Davis  of  our 
approach,  and  that  before  we  had  come  in  sight  around  the  point. 
The  result  was  instant  and  rapid  preparation  by  the  squadrons  for  our 
reception.  Steam  was  hurried  up  on  all  the  river  vessels,  and  they 
weighed  or  slipped,  and  took  up  such  positions  as  would  enable  them 
to  hit  us  and  at  the  same  time  keep  away  from  our  powerful  beak,  if 
possible.  On  coming  in  sight  of  them  the  scene  was  one  of  intense 
interest.  A  dozen  or  more  war  vessels  were  steaming  about  in  an 
uneasy,  uncertain  way,  somewhat  after  the  manner  of  a  brood  of 
chickens  on  the  approach  of  a  hawk.  Tugs,  transports  and  hospital 
vessels  were  smoking  up  or  trying  to  hide.  The  heavy  sloops-of-war 
and  gunboats  of  Farragut's  squadron  were  anchored  in  the  middle  of 
the  stream  with  fires  out,  but  with  batteries  manned  and  ready  for 
battle.  On  the  banks  batteries  of  field  artillery  were  run  up  and  sev- 
eral thousands  of  soldiers  prepared  to  shoot  Minie  balls  into  our 
ports.  The  "mustang"  rams — the  same  that  beat  our  "  mustang," 
Montgomery,  in  front  of  Memphis  a  short  time  before — were  under 
way  also,  but  they  did  not  come  to  the  front  too  close,  with  a  chap 
carrying  guns  and  men  who  knew  how  to  handle  them.  I  think  I  do 
not  over-estimate  the  force  of  the  enemy  when  I  say  he  had  twenty 
pennants  flying;  and  we  were  about  to  attack  him  in  an  unfinished 
and  untried  vessel,  with  engines  totally  and  entirely  unreliable.  As 
we  stood  down  to  them  there  was  a  decided  and  painful  pause.  We 
were  in  range,  but  preferred  to  save  our  strength  and  ammunition  for 
a  close  grapple.  One  of  my  best  men  was  a  tall,  athletic  young 
Irishman  who  had  greatly  distinguished  himself  for  zeal  and  courage 
half  an  hour  before.  Putting  his  eye  to  the  gun  he  peeped  out  ahead 
and  saw  the  immense  force  assembled  to  oppose  us.  In  an  instant  he 
was  overcome,  and  exclaimed :  "  Holy  mother,  have  mercy  on  us  ; 
we'll  never  get  through  there."  I  had  been  watching  the  changing 
panorama  ahead  with  many  doubts  and  misgivings.     A  half  dozen  I 


116  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

would  not  have  minded,  but  two  dozen  were  rather  more  than  we 
had  bargained  for.  But  we  had  ventured  too  far  to  think  of  backing 
out;  through  we  must  go.  The  first  vessel  which  stood  out  to  en- 
gage us  was  "No.  6"  (Kineo),  against  which  we  had  a  particular 
grudge,  inspired  by  Read,  who  desired  us  all  to  handle  roughly  any 
sea-going  vessel  we  should  see  with  "No.  6"  on  her  smoke  stack,  as 
that  vessel  was  engaging  the  McRae,  above  Forts  Jackson  and  St. 
Philip  when  Lieutenant  Commander  Huger  was  killed.  Read,  who 
was  First  Lieutenant  under  Captain  Huger,  and  devotedly  attached 
to  him,  saw  the  "No.  6"  by  the  flashes  of  the  guns,*  and  had  ever 
since  treasured  the  hope  of  getting  alongside  the  fellow  some  day. 
This  "No.  6"  came  out  like  a  game  cock,  steamed  to  the  front  to 
take  the  fire  of  a  great  monster  from  which  "  mustangs  "  and  river 
iron-clads  were  hiding  and  fleeing.  I  sent  my  powder  boy  to  Read 
with  a  message  to  come  forward,  as  his  friend  was  in  sight.  He  came 
leisurely  and  carelessly,  swinging  a  primer  lanyard,  and  I  think  I 
have  never  looked  at  a  person  displaying  such  remarkable  coolness 
and  self  possession.  On  observing  the  numbers  ahead  his  eye  was  as 
bright  and  his  smile  as  genuine  as  if  he  had  been  about  to  join  a  com- 
pany of  friends  instead  of  enemies.  We  were  now  getting  close 
aboard  "  No.  6,"  and  he  sheered  with  his  port  helm  and  unmuzzled  his 
eleven-inch, pivot  gun  charged  with  grape.  It  was  hastily  pointed,  and 
the  charge  fell  too  low  to  enter  our  ports,  for  which  it  was  intended. 
This  broke  the  terrible  quiet  which  hung  over  us  like  a  spell.  Every 
man's  nerves  were  strung  up  again,  and  we  were  ready  for  the  second 
battle.  With  a  sharp  touch  of  the  starboard  helm  Brady  showed  me 
"No.  6"  straight  ahead,  and  I  gave  him  a  shell  through  and  through, 
and  as  we  passed  he  got  the  port  broadside.  He  did  not  follow  us 
up.  These  two  shots  opened  the  engagement.  Soon  we  were  a 
target  for  a  hundred  or  more  guns,  which  poured  in  an  unceasing  and 
terrible  fire.  Generals  Breckinridge,  Van  Dorn  and  others  viewed 
the  enj^agement  from  the  top  of  the  Courthouse  in  Vicksburg.  and 
were  appalled  at  the  apparent  rashness  of  attempting  the  passage. 
The  fire  of  the  enemy  was  almost  unceasing,  nor  were  we  idle  by  any 
means.  As  we  have  said  before,  every  gun  was  fully  manned,  and 
wherever  we  looked,  in  every  direction,  we  saw  gunboats.  It  was 
only  necessary  to  load  the  guns  and  fire  and  we  hit.  The  rams  were 
taking  up  a  position  to  come  out  and  strike  us  as  we  passed.  One 
of  them,  the  Lancaster,  was  slowly  moving  across  our  path,  and  I 

*The  fight  occurred  about  dawn. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  117 

heard  Brady  ask  Captain  Brown  if  he  should  cut  that  boat  in 
two.  The  Captain  returned  an  affirmative  answer,  and  the  game  pilot 
steadied  our  ship  for  the  ram.  I  had  in  a  five-second  shell,  which  I 
wished  to  get  rid  of  before  we  got  to  the  iron-clads,  and  so  set  it  in 
motion.  It  struck  his  mud-drum,  emptying  the  hot  steam  and  water 
into  the  small  barricaded  engine  room,  where  the  crew  and  a  com- 
pany of  sharp  shooters  were  seeking  protection,  about  a  hundred  of 
whom  were  killed.  The  poor  fellows  came  pouring  up  the  scuttles, 
tearing  off  their  shirts  and  leaping  overboard  as  soon  as  they  reached 
the  air.  But  that  gave  us  no  rest.  The  shot  struck  upon  our  sides 
as  fast  as  sledge- hammer  blows.  Captain  Brown  was  twice  knocked 
off  the  platform  stunned,  his  marine  glass  was  broken  in  his  hand, 
and  he  received  a  wound  on  his  temple;  but  recovering  himself,  he 
gallantly — no,  heroically — resumed  his  place,  and  continued  to  direct 
the  movements  of  his  ship  from  a  position  entirely  exposed  to  the 
fire  of  not  only  great  guns,  but  thousands  of  sharp-shooters,  who 
were  pattering  the  balls  all  around  and  about  him.  The  man  of  steel 
never  flinched,  but  carried  us  straight  and  clear  through.  I  know 
that  this  great  battle,  and  the  great  commander,  have  been  ignored 
by  the  seel  which  ruled  the  navy,  but  when  the  history  of  our  corps 
is  written.  Brown  will  rank  first.  Some  one  called  out  that  the  colors 
had  been  shot  away.  It  reached  the  ear  of  Midshipman  Dabney  M. 
Scales,  and  in  an  instant  the  glorious  fellow  scrambled  up  the  ladder 
past  Captain  Brown,  and  fearlessly  treading  the  terrible  path  of  death, 
which  was  being  swept  by  a  hurricane  of  shot  and  shell,  deliberately 
bent  on  the  colors  again,  knotted  the  halyards  and  hoisted  them  up, 
and  when  they  were  again  knocked  away  would  have  replaced  them 
had  not  he  been  forbidden  by  the  Captain.  Midshipman  Clarence 
Tyler,  aide  to  the  Captain,  was  wounded  at  his  post  alongside  the  Cap- 
tain. We  were  passing  one  of  the  large  sloops-of-war  when  a  heavy 
shot  struck  the  side  abreast  of  my  bow-gun,  the  concussion  knocking 
over  a  man  who  was  engaged  in  taking  a  shot  from  the  rack.  He 
rubbed  his  hip,  which  had  been  hurt,  and  said  they  would  "  hardly 
strike  twice  in  a  place."  He  was  mistaken,  poor  fellow,  for  immedi- 
ately a  shell  entered  the  breach  made  by  the  shot,  and  bedding  itself 
in  the  cotton -bale  lining  on  the  inside  of  the  bulwark  proper,  exploded 
with  terrible  effect.  I  found  myself  standing  in  a  dense,  suffocating 
smoke,  with  my  cap  gone  and  hair  and  beard  singed.  The  smoke 
soon  cleared  away,  and  I  found  but  one  man  (Quartermaster  Curtis) 
left.  Sixteen  were  killed  and  wounded  by  that  shell,  and  the  ship  set 
on  fire.     Stevens,  ever  cool  and  thoughtful,  ran  to  the  engine-room 


118  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

hatch,  seized  the  hose  and  dragged  it  to  the  aperture.  In  a  few  mo- 
ments the  fire  was  extinguished,  without  an  alarm  having  been  created. 

The  Columbiad  was  fired  but  once  after  its  crew  was  disabled.  By 
the  aid  of  an  army  Captain  (whose  name,  I  am  sorry  to  say,  I  have 
forgotten),  belonging  to  a  Missouri  battery,  Curtis  and  myself  suc- 
ceeded in  getting  a  shot  down  the  gun,  with  which  we  struck  the 
Benton.  The  ill  luck  which  befell  the  crew^  of  the  bow  gun  was  soon 
to  be  followed  by  a  similar  misfortune  to  the  crew  of  my  broad-side 
gun.  An  eleven-inch  shot  broke  through  immediately  above  the  port, 
bringing  with  it  a  shower  of  iron  and  wooden  splinters,  which  struck 
down  every  man  at  the  gun.  My  Master's  Mate,  Mr.  Wilson,  was 
painfully  wounded  in  the  nose,  and  I  had  my  left  arm  smashed.  Cur- 
tis was  the  only  sound  man  in  the  division  when  we  mustered  the 
crew  at  quarters,  at  Vicksburg.  Nor  did  the  mischief  of  the  last  shot 
end  with  my  poor  gun's  crew.  It  passed  across  the  deck,  through 
the  smoke-stack,  and  killed  eight  and  wounded  seven  men  at  Scales's 
gun.  Fortunately,  he  was  untouched  himself,  and  afterward  did  ex- 
cellent service  at  Grimball's  Columbiad.  Stationed  on  the  ladder  lead- 
ing to  the  berth-deck  was  a  Quartermaster  named  Eaton.  He  was 
assigned  the  duty  of  passing  shells  from  the  forward  shell-room,  and 
also  had  a  kind  of  superintendence  over  the  boys  who  came  for  pow- 
der. Eaton  was  a  character.  He  had  thick,  rough,  red  hair,  an 
immense  muscular  frame,  and  a  will  and  courage  rarely  encountered. 
Nothing  daunted  him,  and  the  hotter  the  fight,  the  fiercer  grew  Eaton. 
From  his  one  eye  he  glared  furiously  on  all  who  seemed  inclined  to 
shirk,  and  his  voice  grew  louder  and  more  distinct  as  the  shot  rattled 
and  crashed  upon  our  mail. 

At  one  instant  you  would  hear  him  pass  the  word  down  the  hatch  : 
"Nine-inch  shell,  five-second  fuse — here  you  are,  my  lad,  with  your 
rifle  shell,  take  it  and  go  back  quick— what's  the  matter  that  you  can't 
get  that  gun  out?"  and,  like  a  cat,  he  would  spring  from  his  place 
and  throw  his  weight  on  the  side  tackle,  and  the  gun  was  sure  to 
go  out.  "What  are  you  doing  here,  wounded ?  Where  are  you 
hurt?  Go  back  to  your  gun,  or  I'll  murder  you  on  the  spot — here's 
your  nine-inch  shell — mind,  shipmate  (to  a  wounded  man),  the  ladder 
is  bloody,  don't  slip,  let  me  help  you." 

I  have  thrown  in  this  slight  sketch  to  show  that  our  men  were  be- 
ginning to  straggle,  so  badly  were  we  cut  up.  But  still  the  ship  was 
not  disabled ;  seven  guns  were  yet  hammering  away,  and  the  engines 
were  intact.  But  steam  was  down  to  a  terribly  low  ebb.  The  party 
who  fitted  up  the  boilers  had  neglected  to  line  the  fire  front  with  non- 


Operations  Before  Petersburg.  119 

conducting  material ;  the  consequence  was  that  when  a  heavy  fire 
of  coal  was  put  in  the  whole  mass  of  iron  about  the  boilers  became 
red-hot  and  nearly  roasted  the  firemen,  who  had  also  got  a  tub  of 
ice- water,  of  which  they  drank  freely.  The  result  was  that  we  had 
to  hoist  them  all  out  of  the  fire-room  during  the  action,  and  Grimball 
headed  a  party  to  supply  their  place.  But  I  will  not  detain  the  reader. 
We  got  through,  hammered  and  battered  though.  Our  smokestack 
resembled  an  immense  nutmeg  grater,  so  often  had  it  been  struck, 
and  the  sides  of  the  ship  were  as  spotted  as  if  she  had  been  pep- 
pered. A  shot  had  broken  our  cast  iron  ram.  Another  had  demol- 
ished a  hawse-pipe.  Our  boats  were  shot  away  and  dragging.  But 
all  this  was  to  be  expected  and  could  be  repaired.  Not  so  on  the  in- 
side. A  great  heap  of  mangled  and  ghastly  slain  lay  on  the  gun 
deck,  with  rivulets  of  blood  running  away  from  them.  There  was  a 
poor  fellow  torn  asunder,  another  mashed  flat,  whilst  in  the  "slaugh- 
ter-house" brains,  hair  and  blood  were  all  about.  Down  below  fifty 
or  sixty  wounded  were  groaning  and  complaining,  or  courageously 
bearing  their  ills  without  a  murmur.  All  the  army  stood  on  the  hills 
to  see  us  round  the  point.  The  flag  had  been  set  up  on  a  temporary 
pole,  and  we  went  out  to  return  the  cheers  the  soldiers  gave  us  as  we 
passed.  The  Generals  came  on  board  to  embrace  our  Captain, 
bloody,  yet  game.  This  ends  our  second  battle.  We  must  fight  an- 
other before  we  go  to  sleep  on  that  15th  of  July. 


Operations  Before  Petersburg,  May  6-1 1,  1864. 

report  of  general  johnson  hagood. 

Headquarters  Hagood's  South  Carolina  Brigade, 
Near  Drewry's  Bluff,  Virginia, 

May  I  J,  1864. 
Captain  Foote,  A.  A.  G.  : 

Captain, — I   have  the  honor  to  report  the  operations  of  my 
brigade  in  front  of  Petersburg. 

On  the  6th  instant  the  Twenty-first  regiment  and  three  companies 
of  the  Twenty-fifth  under  Major  Glover,  the  whole  under  Colonel 
Graham,  of  the  Twenty-first,  arrived  at  Port  Walthal  Junction,  upon 
which  the  enemy  were  then  advancing,  and  in  a  very  short  time  were 
engaged.     Colonel  Graham  formed  his  line  east  of  the  railroad,  at  a 


120  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers.^ 

distance  of  some  three  hundred  yards  and  parallel  to  it.  His  posi- 
tion was  well  chosen  in  a  sunken  road,  with  his  left  resting  upon  a 
ravine  and  his  right  upon  a  wood.  He  succeeded  in  repulsing  a  con- 
siderably larger  force  than  his  own,  accompanied  by  two  pieces  of 
artillery.  From  information  received  from  prisoners  the  enemy  were 
supposed  to  have  been  Hickman's  brigade  Our  troops,  both  officers 
and  men,  must  have  behaved  with  distinguished  gallantry,  and  I  beg 
leave  respectfully  to  refer  for  particulars  to  the  reports  of  Colonel 
Graham,  enclosed. 

At  dark  on  that  night  I  arrived  at  Petersburg  with  the  balance  ot 
the  Twenty-fifth  regiment,  and  marched  immediately  from  the  cars  to 
reinforce  Colonel  Graham.  The  Twenty-seventh  arrived  a  little  later 
and  followed,  the  whole  arriving  at  Port  Walthal  Junction  before  day. 
I  found  Brigadier-General  Johnson  also  at  that  point  with  some  eight 
hundred  muskets.  He  informed  me  that  hearing  the  firing  of  Gra- 
ham's action  he  had  marched  from  the  direction  of  Drewry's  BluflTto 
reinforce  him,  arriving  after  the  repulse  of  the  enemy.  The  General 
ranking  me,  I  reported  to  him  for  orders. 

When  day  broke  it  was  discovered  that  the  enemy  had  in-the  night 
retired  from  our  front.  I  was  ordered  to  take  my  three  regiments 
and  advance  to  feel  for  him.  At  lo  A.  M.  I  moved  and  found  his 
line  of  pickets  about  a  mile  and  a  half  on  our  left  front.  The  morn- 
ing was  spent  in  manoeuvering  and  skirmishing,  and  finally  the  press- 
ing of  the  enemy  indicated  an  advance.  I  fell  back  under  orders  to 
the  railroad,  my  left  resting  on  the  crossing  of  the  turnpike  and  rail- 
road ;  General  Johnson's  men  on  my  right  upon  the  railroad,  and  the 
Twenty-first  regiment  in  reserve  in  rear  of  my  centre  and  upon  the 
turnpike. 

The  enemy  appeared  at  2  P.  M.,  in  two  lines  of  battle  witii  skirm- 
ishers well  thrown  out,  and  warmly  engaged  us.  His  line  was  oblique 
to  mine  and  tending  to  overlap  my  left.  After  some  half  hour's  fight- 
ing his  second  line  was  moved  under  cover  of  an  intervening  wood 
by  right  and  appeared  within  musket  range,  approaching  square  upon 
my  left,  the  left  of  this  force  being  upon  the  prolongation  of  my  left. 
The  Twenty-  First  regiment  had  been  ordered  up  into  line  upon  my  left 
in  the  beginning  of  the  fight,  and  I  was  now  compelled  under  a  cross  fire 
from  two  brigades  to  change  my  front.  This  necessitated  great  ex- 
posure of  officers  in  effecting,  but  was  happily  done.  The  lives  of  some 
of  the  best  and  bravest  of  my  command,  of  all  grades,  paying  for  its 
accomplishment.  Soon  after  my  new  line  was  taken,  I  ordered  an 
advance  and  the  flanking  brigade  was  driven  back,  not  again  reap- 


Operations  Before  Petersburg .  121 

pearing  in  that  direction.  My  men  now  regained  the  railroad  ;  their 
right,  however,  resting  where  their  left  had  been  in  the  morning.  The 
enemy  now  massed  heavily  in  my  front  and  again  advanced,  but  my 
men,  sheltered  by  the  railroad  embankment,  drove  them  back  with 
bu-t  little  loss  to  ourselves,  and  very  heavy  to  them.  Between  four 
and  five  o'clock,  the  engagement  ceased,  except  the  firing  of  sharp- 
shooters on  either  side,  and  before  dark  the  enemy  withdrew  from  the 
field. 

I  had  an  aggregate  of  1,500  men  engaged— the  enemy  at  least  two 
brigades.  Qur  loss  was  177 — the  enemy's  estimated  1,000,  and 
newspaper  correspondents  from  the  army  of  the  enemy  state  that 
General  Brooks  with  five  brigades  and  one  battery  of  artillery 
was  in  our  front  that  day.  In  the  action  I  was  assisted  at  different 
times  by  two  pieces  of  artillery,  sent  to  me  at  my  request  from  the 
right,  but  they  did  me  but  little  good,  getting  twice  out  of  ammuni- 
tion, after  very  few  discharges,  and  going  a  half  mile  to  the  rear  to 
replenish.  In  the  close  of  the  action,  they  were  not  on  the  field.  The 
Eleventh  regiment  and  Seventh  battalion  arrived  upon  the  battle  field 
after  nightfall,  having  been  delayed  upon  the  cars  in  coming  from 
South  Carolina. 

At  12  o'clock  that  night  our  whole  force  at  the  Junction  was  with- 
drawn by  General  Johnson  to  the  line  of  Swift  Creek. 

On  the  9th  I  was  ordered  to  take  a  part  of  my  brigade  and  make 
a  reconnoissance  in  front  of  this  line.  I  took  the  Twenty-first,  the 
Eleventh,  and  a  detachment  of  the  Twenty-fifth  under  Captain  Car- 
son. The  object  was  accomplished,  but  from  the  broken  and  wooded 
nature  of  the  ground,  I  became  more  heavily  engaged  than  I  desired 
with  the  heavy  force  in  my  front,  and  my  loss  was  severe. 

I  append  a  statement  of  casualties  in  those  actions: 

Out  of  seven  field  officers  taken  into  the  action  of  the  7th,  lour 
were  killed  or  wounded.  The  brave  Lieutenant-Colonel  Dargan,  ot 
the  Twenty-first,  fell  at  the  head  of  his  men  in  the  crisis  of  the  fight 
on  that  day.  Colonel  Graham  was  there  wounded  in  two  places 
while  cheering  on  his  men.  Lieutenant-Colonel  Pressley  fell  at  the 
same  place,  with  a  dangerous  wound,  and  refused  assistance,  ordering 
forward  into  line  the  men  who  came  to  take  him  off  the  field.  Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel Blake,  of  the  Twenty-seventh,  v.'as  slightly  wounded. 
Captain  Sellars,  of  the  Twenty-fifth,  was  wounded  and  returned  to 
the  fight  after  his  wound  was  dressed.  My  staff— Captain  Molony, 
Lieutenant  Martin,  Lieutenant  Mazyck,  and  Captain  Stoney — were 
greatly  exposed  in  the  discharge  of  their  duties,  and   behaved  with 


122  Southern  Uistoi'ical  Society  Papers. 

their  usual  gallantry.  Captain  Stoney  was  shot  through  the  body, 
but  still  survives.  Captain  Carlos  Tracy,  of  South  Carolina,  who 
was  acting  as  volunteer  aid  upon  my  staff,  behaved  with  much  effi- 
ciency and  gallantry. 

Colonel  Gaillard,  Colonel  Pressley,  and  Colonel  Graham,  com- 
manding regiments,  behaved  with  distinguished  gallantry ;  and  after 
the  fall  of  the  two  latter.  Major  Glover  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  Dar- 
gan  did  all  that  could  be  done  in  supplying  their  places.  After  Col- 
onel Dargan  was  killed  Captain  Wilds  efficiently  commanded  his  reg- 
iment till  the  close  of  the  day. 

The  following  men  have  been  mentioned  for  meritorious  conduct 
by  their  regimental  commanders:  First  Sergeant  Pickens,  Butler 
Watts,  Company  F;  Sergeant  J.  P.  Gibbon  and  Corporal  J.  Boozer, 
same  company ;  Sergeant  J,  B.  Abney,  Company  E ;  and  Private 
Armilius  Irving,  Company  A,  of  the  Twenty-seventh  Regiment;  and 
Lieutenants  Moffett  and  Due,  Sergeant  W.  V.  Izlar,  and  Private  J.  T. 
Shewmake,  of  the  Twenty-fifth.  No  report  of  the  kind  was  received 
from  the  Twenty-first,  in  consequence  of  the  fall  of  the  field  officers 
and  the  successionof  Captain  Wilds  to  its  command  late  in  the  action. 
There  were,  however,  many  instances  of  devotion  in  its  ranks,  and  the 
bearing  and  service  of  Lieutenant  Chappel  conspicuously  attracted 
the  attention  of  the  brigade  commander.  Private  Vincent  Bellinger, 
a  cripple  from  wounds  received  at  Secessionville,  and  on  light  duty 
with  the  commissary,  quit  the  train  when  he  heard  the  action  was 
going  against  us,  and  came  upon  the  field.  Picking  up  the  rifle  of  a 
fallen  man,  he  joined  a  company  and  fought  well  during  the  re- 
mainder of  the  day. 

Respectfully, 

Johnson  Hagood, 
Brigadier-  Ge^ieraL 

report  of  colonel  r.  f.  graham. 

Headquarters  Twenty-First  S.  C.  V., 

Port  Walthal  Junction,  May  yth,  1864. 

Captain  P.  H.  Mailory,  A.  A.  G.  : 

Captain,— I  have  the  honor  to  report  that  I  arrived  at 
Petersburg  on  yesterday,  the  i6th  instant,  with  three  companies  of 
the  Twenty- First  S.  C.  V.,  and  three  companies  of  the  Twenty-Fifth 
S.  C.  v.,  numbering  about  300  men.  That  I  was  immediately  ordered 
with  this  force  to  Port  Walthal  Junction  by  Major- General  Pickett, 


A  Morning  Call  on  General  Kilpatrick.  123 

with  instructions  to  defend  the  railroad  at  that  point.  I  arrived  at  the 
Junction  about  4:45  P.  M.,  and  there  found  three  hundred  men  of  the 
Twenty-First  S.  C.  V.,  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant-Colonel 
Dargan,  who  had  arrived  there  from  Drewy's  Bluff  about  one  hour 
previous. 

I  discovered  soon  after  arriving  that  the  enemy  were  in  heavy  force 
in  front.  I  immediately  chose  my  position,  and  formed  my  line  of 
battle  some  300  yards  east  of  the  railroad.  I  had  hardly  formed 
my  line  when  I  was  attacked  by  a  force  estimated  to  be  at  least  two 
brigades,  with  several  pieces  of  artillery.  They  were  driven  back  in 
confusion.  They  again  formed  for  an  attack,  and  attempted  to  turn 
my  left  flank.  Perceiving  this,  I  sent  all  my  force  that  could  be  spared 
to  this  point.  They  were  met  with  such  a  deadly  fire,  that  they  re- 
treated in  confusion  from  the  field,  leaving  some  of  their  dead  and 
wounded  on  the  field.  I  cannot  fail  to  mention  the  gallant  conduct 
of  both  officers  and  men.  The  right  of  the  line  was  commanded  by 
Lieutenant -Colonel  Dargan,  and  the  left  by  Major  Glover,  Twenty- 
Fifth  S.  C.  V.  I  lost  in  this  action  thirty-three  men,  two  killed  and 
twenty-eight  wounded  of  the  Twenty-First  S.  C.  V.,  and  five  wounded 
of  the  Twenty-Fifth  S.  C.  V. 

Very  respectfully. 

Your  obedient  servant, 
(Signed,)  R    F.  Graham, 

Colonel  Twenty-First  S.  C.  V.,  Co^mnanding. 


A  Morning  Call  on  General  Kilpatrick. 

By  E.    L.  Wells. 

Probably  there  are  very  few  great  military  reputations  which  rest 
upon  a  smaller  foundation  than  that  of  General  Sherman.  In  the 
popular  imagination  he  figures  as  the  mighty  conqueror,  whose  cam- 
paign in  Georgia  and  the  Carolinas  virtually  ended  the  war  between 
the  States.  His  "March  to  the  Sea"  has  been  lauded  and  rhymed 
about  until  it  has  come  to  be  deemed  an  achievement  worthy  to  live 
for  all  time  in  "song  and  story."  In  point  of  fact  it  was  nothing  of 
the  kind,  but  was,  in  a  military  point  of  view,  a  very  commonplace 
affair.  When  the  army  which  had  barred  his  further  progress  before 
Atlanta  had  vanished  on  its  ill-starred  errand  into  Tennessee,  there 
was  no  hostile  force  of  any  consequence  before  him,  and  this  it  re- 


124  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

quired  but  the  most  ordinary  intelligence  on  his  part  to  perceive. 
Surely  he  must  have  possessed  an  intensely  Falstaffian  imagination 
to  have  conjured  up  many  "  men  in  buckram  "  in  the  deserted  fields, 
the  silent  swamps  and  lonely  pine  woods  through  which  his  march 
would  lie.  And  there  isgood  ground  for  believing  that  even  the  idea 
of  cutting  loose  from  his  base  and  making  a  huge  raid  through  the 
country,  which  his  admirers  claim  to  have  been  a  very  "bold"  con- 
ception, was  not  originated  by  him  at  all.  Hereafter,  when  the  effer- 
vescence of  "  patriotic  "  gush  has  evaporated,  this  campaign  will,  I 
think,  be  considered  chiefly  remarkable  for  the  systematic  and  cruel 
destruction  of  the  homes  and  the  means  of  subsistence  of  non-com- 
batants. 

The  principal  agent  to  whom  this  devastation  was  entrusted,  Gen- 
eral Kilpatrick,  commanded  Sherman's  cavalry.  A  brief  interview 
with  him  is  the  raison  d'etre  of  the  present  article. 

Butler's  cavalry  division  had  been  detached  from  the  Army  of 
Northern  Virginia  in  the  latter  part  of  December,  1864,  and  had  been 
sent  to  South  Carolina  to  operate  against  Sherman,  a  duty  which  it 
performed  until  the  end  of  the  war.  Although  a  division  in  name, 
and  consisting  of  two  brigades,  it  numbered  only  some  eight  hundred 
men,  and  could,  therefore,  of  course,  oppose  no  effectual  resistance  to 
Sherman's  overwhelming  force,  but  its  task  was  to  confine  to  the 
smallest  possible  limits  the  area  of  his  devastation.  To  hover  by 
turns  around  his  front,  his  flanks  and  his  rear ;  to  pounce  upon  his 
foraging  parties,  who  were  burning  and  harrying ;  to  dash  between 
his  marching  columns  and  cut  off  marauders  ;  to  save  the  lives  and 
property,  as  far  as  practicable,  of  women  and  children;  such  were  the 
chief  occupations  of  our  General  during  this  campaign,  and  with  in- 
defatigable energy  did  he  attend  to  them.  The  service  was  full  of 
personal  adventure  and  excitement  for  his  followers  ;  there  were  fre- 
quent little  brushes  with  raiding  parties,  and  now  and  then  a  lively 
time  in  eluding  larger  »bodies,  and  this  would  be  enlivened  by  almost 
hourly  chases  of  "  bummers,"  whose  pockets  were  seldom  found  un- 
supplied  with  stolen  jewelry  and  one  or  two  baptismal  cups,  and  the 
recapturing  of  farm  animals  laden  with  household  spoils. 

Occasionally  an  opportunity  would  occur  of  striking  more  impor- 
tant blows,  and  of  these  our  leader  was  vigilant  to  avail  himself 

Early  one  morning  in  March,  1865,  I  was  sent  to  carry  a  dispatch 
to  a  distant  command,  and  did  not  succeed  in  rejoining  our  division 
until  about  the  middle  of  the  night,  having  had  rather  a  rough  time 
of  it  all  day  dodging  the  enemy.     I   at  last  found   it  on  the  edge  of 


A  Morning  Call  on  General  Kilpatrick.  125 

some  wooded  ground,  just  off  a  road  near  a  point  known  at  that  time, 
I  think,  as  Longstreet  Church,  some  few  miles  distant  from  Fayette- 
ville,  N.  C.  The  day  had  been  very  wet,  and  the  night  was  rainy  and 
black  as  ink.  As  my  horse  and  I  had  eaten  nothing  since  the  even- 
ing of  the  previous  day,  I  was  naturally  hrst  interested  in  the  ration 
question.  Ah  !  bonnie  little  bay,  who  had  to  go  supperless,  and  was 
so  soon  to  brave  a  mortal  wound  unflinchingly  until  the  fight  was 
won,  and  then  to  sink  to  rest  with  a  look  so  plaintive  it  was  human- 
like! I  could  only  obtain  for  myself,  through  the  kindness  of  a  com- 
rade, a  small  piece  of  musty  corn-bread.  Having  finished  this  not 
very  exhilirating  feast,  and  washed  it  down  with  a  draught  of  water, 
that  would  have  been  more  acceptable  if  it  had  been  less  pure,  I  was 
about  attempting  to  kindle  a  fire  when  I  was  told  in  a  whisper  that 
doing  so  was  prohibited  by  orders.  I  drew  out  my  pipe  to  comfort 
myself  with  a  puff,  but  this  too  was  forbidden,  to  my  disgust.  I  then 
observed  that  such  of  the  men  as  I  could  make  out  in  the  darkness 
were  close  to  their  horses,  and  that  the  animals  were  saddled  and 
bitted,  ready  to  be  mounted. 

I  soon  discovered  the  explanation  of  all  this.  At  dusk  in  the  even- 
ing, in  a  drizzling  rain,  General  Butler  had  been  reconnoitering  at  some 
little  distance  in  advance  of  his  command,  accompanied  by  only  his 
staff  and  a  few  couriers.  Riding  at  the  head  of  this  little  band  he  was 
met  by  a  body  of  horsemen  coming  from  the  opposite  direction. 

To  his  "  Halt!"  and  "What  command  are  you  from?"  it  was  re- 
plied : 

"Picket  from  the  — th  Iowa."* 

"All  right,"  said  the  General.     "  Pass  on,  picket." 

In  the  meantime  a  hint  had  been  given  to  his  escort,  which  they 
were  not  slow  to  comprehend.  They  sejjarated  on  each  side  of  the 
road,  as  if  to  allow  the  Federal  picket  to  pass ;  but  as  the  latter  was 
doing  so,  the  officer  in  command  and  the  men  in  front  were  again 
halted,  this  time  with  the  unwelcome  addition,  "Surrender;  you  are 
prisoners." 

As  point  was  given  to  this  sudden  information  by  the  mute  but 
eloquent  muzzles  of  c<)cked  revolvers  covering  them,  the  picket 
quietly  accepted  the  situation  without  making  themselves  disagreea- 
ble. They  were  then  marched  forward  until  the  advance-guard  of 
our  division  was  met,  when  they  were  duly  turned  over  as  prisoners. 
Of  course  these  fellows  were  entirely  unaware  that  they  had  been 


*  I  think,  but  am  not  sure,  the  picket  was  from  that  State. 


126  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

captured  by  a  mere  handful  of  men.  They  were  Hterally  "in  the 
dark"  about  it,  and  believed  themselves  to  have  encountered  the  head 
of  a  column  very  much  stronger  than  their  own. 

Scouts  were  sent  out,  and  soon  brought  back  the  news  that  there 
was  no  picket  now  between  the  Federal  camp,  only  a  few  hundred 
yards  distant,  and  ourselves,  the  captured  detachment  having  evi- 
dently been  on  its  way  to  picket  this  approach  to  General  Kilpatrick's 
cavalry  camp. 

The  glad  tidings  were  quickly  dispatched  to  General  Hampton, 
who  was  in  command  of  all  our  cavalry,  and  in  the  meantime  our  di- 
vision was  halted  in  the  road  in  profound  silence.  A  few  dismounted 
men  were  sent  forward  singly  to  secrete  themselves  along  the  road- 
side near  the  entrance  of  the  Federal  camp,  to  be  ready  to  noiselessly 
take  chage  of  any  one  from  there  who  might  intend  visiting  their 
picket  that  night. 

The  consequence  of  all  this  was  that  we  were  to  make  a  call  next 
morning,  as  soon  as  there  was  light  enough,  upon  General  Kil- 
patrick,  dispensing  with  the  formality  of  personal  introductions,  not 
even  sending  in  our  cards  before  our  "surprise  party"  should  be  with 
him  to  an  early  breakfast.  This,  it  was  hoped,  would  induce  him, 
"  on  hospitable  thoughts  intent,"  to  give  up  his  camp  and  as  many  of 
his  men  as  he  could  spare  to  his  enterprising  guests ;  in  short,  his  en- 
tire corps  was  to  be  wiped  out  before  assistance  could  reach  him  from 
the  infantry. 

The  night  passed  wearily  enough  as  we  sat  huddled  together  in 
the  mud  among  our  sleepy  horses,  but  at  length  the  first  faint  light 
preceding  the  dawn  was  visible;  then  the  command  moved  silently 
out  of  the  wood  and  formed  noiselessly  on  the  road.  The  rain  had 
by  this  time  ceased,  but  the  atmosphere  was  so  obscured  by  mist  that 
one  could  hardly  realize  the  night  was  ended,  and  found  the  range  of 
vision  very  limited  After  some  minutes  a  portion  of  the  division, 
which  was  to  lead  in  the  attack,  moved  down  the  road  on  a  slow  walk 
in  the  direction  of  the  Federal  camp,  and  halted  just  outside  of  it. 
Here  a  few  words  were  addressed  to  the  men  by  the  General  in  his 
quiet,  clear,  incisive  voice,  he  looking,  every  inch  of  him,  the  beau 
ideal  of  a  cavalier.  Then  he  galloped  to  the  head  of  the  column  and 
his  order — "  Follow  me,  men.  Charge!  "  rang  out  for  friend  and  foe 
to  hear. 

In  a  moment  the  cavalrymen  were  dashing  with  a  magnificent 
Confederate  yell  through  Kilpatrick's  camp.  All  there  were  buried 
in  the  profound  slumber  of  supposed  security.     The  sleepy  camp 


A  Morning  Call  on  General  Kilpatrick.  127 

guards  and  a  few  cooks  busied  about  camp-fires  attempted  no  resist- 
ance, and  the  troopers,  thus  rudely  awakened,  rubbed  their  eyes  and 
peered  out  from  under  their  canvas  flies  in  droll  bewilderment  at  the 
row.  It  was  very  good  fun  at  first,  but  the  unwieldy  number  of  pris- 
oners was  awkward  ;  we  could  not  "surround"  them,  as  the  Irishman 
said  he  did  his  dozen  or  more  captives.  Presently  they  began  to 
rally  in  knots,  and  then  the  hand-to  hand  skirmishing  became  pretty 
brisk,  as  compliments  were  being  exchanged  at  close  quarters.  It 
was  especially  lively  near  a  little  house  which  loomed  up  through  the 
mist  and  around  which  were  tied  many  horses.  On  one  of  these 
barebacked  animals  jumped  a  brawny  Federal,  and  with  his  revolver 
did  as  gallant  fighting  as  one  could  wish  to  see.  He  and  one  of  our 
men  "  tackled,"  and  by  common  consent  were  left  to  fight  it  out  alone 
for  what  seemed  minutes,  but  which  were  doubtless  only  seconds.  At 
length  he  fell  under  his  horse's  feet,  having  died  pluckily,  as  a  true 
soldier  should,  to  save  his  chief;  for  that  black  horse  he  rode  was 
Killpatrick's  own,  and  within  the  little  house  were  his  headquarters. 

Just  then  there  bolted  from  the  door  a  sorry-looking  figure  in  his 
shirt  and  drawers.  The  fugitive  made  no  fight,  but  cutting  loose  and 
springing  astride  a  horse  "tarried  not  on  the  order  of  his  going,"  but 
sped  for  safety  through  the  fog  and  powder-smoke  as  fast  as  a  militia- 
man. No  one  stopped  him,  thinking  it  not  worth  while  in  presence 
of  such  abundance  of  better-seeming  game.  Only  one  man  recog- 
nized in  the  humble  runaway  the  quondam  bumptious  Major-General 
and  future  politician,  and  he  gave  chase.  His  pistol  being  empty  he 
meant  to  ride  him  down,  and  would  have  done  so,  but  unhappily  his 
horse  fell  on  the  wet,  slippery  ground,  and  he  had  the  mortification  of 
seeing  General  Kilpatrick  disappear. 

A  striking  contrast  to  him  was  ojir  General.  Showing  no  weapon, 
but  carrying  a  little  riding-whip,  with  which  he  pointed  here  and 
there,  directing  the  operations,  he  seemed  the  brain  of  the  physical 
mass  around  him.  It  required  no  great  stretch  of  imagination  to 
fancy  him  the  leader  of  a  mighty  orchestra,  and  his  men  the  music 
makers.  It  used  to  be  said  his  skin  glanced  bullets,  and  that  it  re- 
quired a  twelve-pounder  to  carry  away  that  one  leg  in  Virginia,  and  I 
often  thought  there  must  be  something  in  it.  What  manner  of  man 
he  was  will  best  be  understood  from  an  answer  he  gave  on  one  occa- 
sion when  a  courier  galloped  up  in  hot  haste  with  a  message  from  one 
of  his  Colonels,  saying  he  was  being  "flanked"  by  the  enemy. 
"Tell  him  to  flank  them  back,"  was  the  General's  laconic  reply. 

And  now   in  wild  alarm  there  emerged  from  the   house,   whose 


128  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

weather-boards  were  fast  being  perforated  by  chance  bullets,  a  strange 
apparition,  one  quite  out  of  place  in  such  wild  scenes — a  forlorn,  for- 
saken damsel— one  who  was  "neither  maid,  wife,  nor  widow,"  and 
who  was  "  attached  "  to  headquarters.  She  looked  for  a  moment  dis- 
consolately at  her  carriage,  which  was  close  at  hand,  as  if  with  the 
vague  idea  in  her  dazed  head  that  it  was  high  time  for  her  to  be  leav- 
ing, and  then  stood  still  in  mute  despair  as  it  broke  upon  her  that  it 
could  not  move  without  horses.  Seeing  that  she  was  in  imminent  dan- 
ger from  stray  shots  that  were  flying  about,  a  cavalryman  dismounted 
and  conducted  the  poor  thing,  in  all  courtesy,  to  a  drainage-ditch, 
within  which  she  crouched  in  safety,  as  if  it  had  been  a  rifle-pit.  It 
was  noticed,  however,  that,  in  spite  of  the  risk  thus  incurred,  she  per- 
sisted in  lifting  her  head  from  time  to  time  and  peered  above  the  ditch 
to  see  what  was  going  on,  thus  showing,  as  some  one  said,  that  female 
curiosity  is  stronger  even  than  love  of  life. 

The  remainder  of  our  division  had  come  on  to  support  the  attack- 
ing detachment,  and  as  they  entered  the  camp  a  very  sad  and  touch- 
ing incident  occurred.  Some  prisoners  (they  were  chiefly  worn-out 
stragglers  from  the  infantry),  whom  Kilpatrick  had  with  him,  recog- 
nizing the  splendid  ring  of  the  Confederate  battle  cry,  burst  from 
their  guard,  and  frantic  with  joy,  rushed  forth  to  meet  their  deliverers. 
One  poor  fellow,  the  foremost  of  them  all,  ragged,  half-starved,  and 
lately  wretched  but  now  nearly  crazed  with  delight,  attempted  to  em- 
brace a  horse's  neck,  but  mistaken  in  the  obscurity  for  an  assailant, 
met  his  death  at  the  rider's  hand.  Perceiving  too  late  his  error,  the 
slayer  sprang  to  the  ground  and  bent  remorsefully  over  the  corpse, 
only  to  recognize  in  the  ghastly  features  of  the  dead  a  near  neighbor 
and  life- long  friend. 

There  was  another  occurrence  which  had  a  ludicrous,  as  well  as 
tragic  side.  A  driver  of  a  headquarter  wagon  was  snoozing  so 
soundlv  under  the  white  topped  cover,  curled  up  snugly  in  the  nice, 
warm  straw  withm,  that  he  did  not  awake  until  some  little  time  after 
we  had  been  in  the  camp.  He  must  have  been  very  much  fatigued, 
from  doing  nothing,  or  perhaps  had  taken  an  over-heavy  night  cap 
to  guard  against  the  dampness.  At  length,  becoming  aroused  by  all 
the  din  around  him,  he  pushed  aside  the  curtains  and  looked  sleepily 
out,  blear-eyed  and  frowsy  from  his  morning  nap,  at  a  loss  to  make 
out  the  meaning  of  such  a  hurly-burly,  and  with  no  idea  of  hurting 
any  one. 

Unluckily  for  him,  his  harmless  intentions  were  not  understood  un- 
til too  late,  as  there  was  no  time  then  for  long-winded  inquiries  and 


A  Morning  Call  on  General  Kilpatrick.  129 

explanations.  One  of  our  men  happened  to  be  riding  by  so  near 
that  the  fellow  almost  touched  him  with  his  sleepy  head  as  he  popped 
it  out  between  the  curtains,  and,  startled  by  it  into  instinctive  self-de- 
fence, promptly  put  an  end  to  him,  so  that  the  poor  wretch  never  got 
really  well  awake  at  all.  It  was  much  to  be  regretted,  but  the  moral 
is,  it  is  a  bad  thing  to  sleep  too  late  in  the  mornings. 

It  was  not  long  before  the  entire  camp  was  in  our  possession,  those 
who  had  not  fled  to  the  cover  of  the  infantry  or  sought  refuge  in  a 
swamp  hard  by  having  been  slain  or  captured.  The  herd  and  its  of- 
ficial leader  had  been  from  the  outset  completely  demoralized,  and 
the  heroism  of  individuals  could  not  redeem  the  situation.  It  only 
remained  to  hold  what  had  been  gained,  but  that  was  the  difficulty. 
If  it  had  not  been  for  overwhelming  masses  of  infantry  near  at  hand 
Kilpatrick's  corps,  as  an  organized  body,  would  have  never  again  ex- 
isted. 

Most  of  our  men  were  dismounted  and  thrown  forward  as  infantry 
to  hold  the  ground  until  the  captured  horses,  artillery  and  wagons 
could  be  removed  or  destroyed.  The  programme  had  been  for  a 
portion  of  Wheeler's  command  to  attack  the  camp  on  our  right  as 
soon  as  the  firing  indicated  to  them  that  the-  ball  was  opened,  but 
owing  to  the  swampy  nature  of  the  ground  after  the  rain,  and  other 
reasons  not  necessary  to  mention,  they  unfortunately  did  not  come  up 
in  time  to  answer  the  purpose  intended.  At  length  portions  of  the 
scattered  Federal  cavalry  began  to  take  heart  and  rally  under  the 
wing  of  their  infantry,  and  it  became  necessary  for  our  command  to 
withdraw  before  the  pressure  of  the  latter.  We  carried  away  many 
hundred  prisoners  (nearly  as  many  as  the  entire  attacking  force),  and 
numbers  of  horses,  among  them  three  of  Kilpatrick's  private  mounts, 
the  gallant  black  already  alluded  to,  a  piebald,  and  a  bay.  When  we 
had  retired  it  was  practicable  for  that  General  to  return  to  his  head- 
quarters, which  he  had*  left  in  the  rather  abrupt  manner  that  I  have 
attempted  to  describe. 

Thus  terminated  an  affair  which,  as  far  as  I  know,  has  not  been  re- 
corded, or  even  dignified  by  a  name  ;  yet  it  was  not  without  brilliancy 
in  conception  and  romantic  dash  in  execution,  and  its  results  failed  of 
being  decisive  simply  from  the  vast  disproportion  of  numbers.  If  it 
had  occurred  in  the  jirs/  American  war  for  independence  its  achieve- 
ments would  have  been  chronicled  with  flourishes  of  the  historic  pen, 
and  it  might  have  supplied  a  theme  for  many  a  fervid  centennial 
speaker. 

Some  weeks  afterwards,  when  Johnston's  army  had  been  disbanded, 
3 


130  Southern  Historical  Society  Paj^ei'S. 

I  passed  over  the  ground  of  this  fight,  as  I  was  making  my  way 
southward  by  night.  I  reached  the  house  which  had  been  Kilpat- 
rick's  headquarters  at  a  late  hour,  and  a  more  dismal,  unearthly  scene 
than  I  beheld  it  would  be  difficult  to  imagine.  The  dwelling  was  en- 
tirely deserted.  Perhaps  its  owner,  driven  forth  from  her  home  with 
her  little  ones  to  make  room  for  the  Woman  of  the  Ditch,  had  per- 
ished from  hunger  and  exposure.  At  all  events  it  was  unoccupied 
by  any  living  thing  ;  the  windows  were  without  sashes,  the  front  door 
broken  from  its  hinges,  and  all  fences  and  out-buildings  had  disap- 
peared. Near  the  dilapidated  piazza,  to  the  railing  of  which  several 
horses  had  been  tied  on  the  morning  when  the  corps  was  stampeded, 
were  some  carcasses,  and  at  a  few  paces  distant,  where  many  horses 
had  been  fastened  to  a  fence,  there  were  numerous  skeletons  of  the 
poor  brutes.  From  these  the  hides  had  been  stripped  and  the  bones 
picked  bare,  doubtless  by  vagrant  curs  and  predatory  vermin  from 
the  neighboring  swamp.  The  human  remains  had  been  interred,  but 
rain  and  wind,  assisted  probably  by  animals,  had  in  many  instances 
partially  removed  from  them  the  earth,  so  that  the  fleshless  faces 
peered  up  at  one,  and  bony  hands  stretched  forth  as  if  to  beckon. 
The  effect  was  heightened  by  the  faint  moonlight.  It  was  an  uncanny 
place,  and  the  least  superstitious  would  have  been  likely  to  have  ex- 
perienced some  strange  feelings  there.  The  skeleton  hands  seemed 
then,  as  I  said,  to  beckon.  Since  that  time  I  have  thought  they  in- 
tended a  different  meaning;  that  they  sought  to  implore  the  living 
not  to  forget  the  dead,  but  to  keep  alive  forever  the  glory  of  each 
hero  who  bit  the  dust, 

-,  facing  fearful  odds 


For  the  ashes  of  his  fathers, 
And  the  temples  of  liis  gods." 


Sabine  Pass. 


A    FEDERAL    ACCOUNT — LETTER    FROM    ADJUTANT-GENERAL    FRED- 
ERIC SPEED. 

[We  cheerfully  give  place  to  the  following  letter,  which  is  a  dif- 
ferent version  from  the  account  of  Sabine  Pass  which  has  been  received 
among  Confederates,  and  is  very  different  from  the  one  which  follows 
it.     We  publish  without  comments:] 


Sabine  Pass.  131 

ViCKSBURG,  Miss.,  September  27th,  1883. 

Jiev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society,  Richmond,   Va.: 

My  Dear  Sir, — In  the  October  issue  of  the  Southern  Historical 
Society  Papers  you  ask,  "  Who  will  send  us  a  detailed  sketch  ol" 
the  heroic  defence  of  vSabine  Pass?"  and  referring  to  the  death  of 
Jack  White,  quote  from  an  unknown  exchange  the  statement  that 
White  was  one  of  the  forty  Irishmen  who  held  Sabine  Pass  against 
the  "entire"  Federal  fleet  during  the  war,  "and  received  the  personal 
thanks  of  Mr.  Davis,"  &c.  The  statement  further  goes  on  to  say 
that  the  "Federal  force  consisted  of  three  Federal  brigades"  "and  a 
fleet  of  gun-boats,"  and  adds,  "  the  defeat  of  this  force  was  probably 
the  most  heroic  exploit  of  the  war,  and  out  of  solid  shame  the  Federal 
Government  dropped  the  record  thereof  from  their  war  annals." 

I  should  not  write  you  to  call  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  state- 
ment referred  to  contains  more  which  is  the  result  of  a  pure  effort  of 
the  imagination  than  of  the  truth,  if  I  did  not  credit  your  society 
with  a  sincere  desire  to  publish  facts,  and  not  fiction,  in  making  up 
the  history  of  the  war.  That  the  defence  of  Sabine  Pass  was  "  heroic" 
I  freely  admit;  the  defenders  were  few  in  numbers,  and  exhibited 
coolness  and  skill;  but  that  they  were  entitled  to  the  extravagant 
praise  of  being  denominated  "the  forty  bravest  men  of  the  Confed- 
eracy" is  all  balderdash,  and  does  the  grossest  injustice  to  the  entire 
forces  of  the  Confederacy ;  for  I  presume  that  there  were  none  of  them 
which  on  many  occasions  did  not  exhibit  equal  "bravery,"  and  it  is 
within  my  personal  knowledge  that  thousands  of  Confederate  soldiers 
far  surpassed  the  valiant  forty  at  Sabine  Pass  in  the  noble  quality  of 
the  soldier. 

That  there  was  a  large  Federal  force  within  sight  is  true;  but  with 
the  exception  of  three  gun-boats,  the  entire  force  would  have  proved 
quite  as  effective  if  it  had  remained  at  New  Orleans,  simply  from  the 
fact  that  it  was  impracticable  to  land  the  army,  and  the  naval  vessels 
drew  so  much  water  that  with  the  exception  of  the  gun-boats  referred 
to  it  could  not  approach  nearer  than  two  and  a  half  to  three  miles  of 
Mr.  Davis's  "forty  bravest  men,"  who  were  as  safe  from  harm  in  the 
earth-work  as  they  would  have  been  a  thousand  miles  away.  They 
did  not  probably  know  this,  and  their  merit  consists  in  the  fact  that 
they  did  not  run  away,  as  most  men  would  have  done  under  the  cir- 
cumstance, before  finding  out  this  important  fact  in  the  "engage- 
ment." 


132  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

The  three  gun-boats  engaged  were  the  "Sachem,"  a  canal-boat  in 
appearance,  and  about  as  effective,  selected,  because  of  her  light 
draft,  to  precede  the  "  fleet."  Her  value  was  demonstrated  by  the 
fact  that  the  first  shot  fired  at  her  exploded  her  boiler  and  totally  dis- 
abled her,  scalding  almost  every  man  on  board,  and  causing  her  to 
surrender  without  — if  my  memory  serves  me — firing  a  gun.  The 
second  gun -boat  was  a  Staten  Island  ferry-boat,  called  the  "  Clifton," 
which  grounded  before  reaching  the  earth-work,  and  at  the  third  or 
fourth  shot  from  the  Confederates  had  her  steam-chest  struck,  which 
not  only  disabled  her,  but  was  the  cause  of  the  scalding  of  many  of 
her  crew.  The  third  gun-boat  was  the  "  Granite  State,"  which  drew 
too  much  water  to  get  within  effective  distance,  and  she  was  not  en- 
gaged. Distributed  between  the  "Sachem"  and  "Clifton"  were 
seventy-five  infantry,  who  were  blinded  and  scalded  by  the  escaping 
steam,  And  did  not  fire  a  shot. 

The  balance  of  the  Federal  forces,  owing  to  the  heavy  draft  of  the 
vessels,  could  not  get  within  less  than  two  miles  of  the  fort ;  the 
nearest  point  at  which  any  other  vessel,  than  those  named,  succeeded 
in  getting  during  the  entire  engagement  was  the  Mississippi-river 
steamer  "Laurel  Hill,"  which  drew  eight  feet  of  water,  and  the  "R. 
W.  Thomas,"  another  Mississippi-river  steamer,  drawing  a  little  more 
water.  These  vessels  had  about  two  thousand  men  on  board,  who,  if 
a  landing  could  have  been  effected,  would  have  made  short  work  of  the 
"forty  bravest  men  of  the  Confederacy."  But  as  the  "  Clifton,"  draw- 
ing less  water,  ran  aground  before  reaching  the  earth-work,  and  was 
rendered  a  helpless  wreck  by  about  three  shots  from  the  Confederate 
guns,  the  chances  were  that  the  Mississippi- river  boats,  with  their 
exposed  boilers  and  machinery,  would  suffer  a  similar  fate,  and  at  no 
time  were  they  within  such  a  distance  of  the  earth-work  that  they 
could  be  fairly  said  to  be  a  menace  to  the  heroic  garrison.  On  the 
other  hand,  a  force  of  Confederate  infantry,  estimated  by  the  number 
and  crowded  condition  of  the  boats,  by  us  at  four  thousand,  arrived 
during  the  engagement,  to  reinforce  the  forty  braves.  A  storm  com- 
ing on  during  the  night,  the  fleet,  mostly  composed  of  cockle-shells, 
was  forced  to  run  for  shelter,  and  thus  ended  the  demonstration  in 
which  forty  men  won  imperishable  honors.  Of  course  it  was  a  defeat 
for  the  Federals,  whose  object  was  to  capture  Sabine  Pass,  a  feat 
which  would  have  occasioned  no  very  great  difficulty  if  there  had 
been  found  any  spot  where  the  army  could  have  effected  a  landing,  or 
the  navy  could  have  got  one  respectably  constructed  and  equipped  ves- 
sel within  range.     Such  was  not,  however,  the  case,  and  it  is  as  unfair 


Sabine  Pass.  133 

to  the  whole  Confederate  forces  to  speak  of  the  garrison  of  the  earth- 
work at  Sabine  Pass  as  the  "forty  bravest  men  of  the  Confederacy" 
as  it  is  to  insinuate  that  the  Union  naval  and  military  forces,  lying 
out  in  the  Gulf  of  Mexico,  have  any  reason  to  be  ashamed  of  the 
failure  to  capture  a  place  they  could  not  reach  in  vessels  drawing 
fourteen  to  twenty-five  feet  of  water,  which  was  the  case  with  the  ex- 
ception of  those  I  have  named,  and  which  experience  demonstrated 
drew  too  much  to  navigate  a  channel  in  which  there  could  not  have 
been  much  more,  if  any,  than  seven  feet. 

Mr.  Davis  was  undoubtedly  misled,  and  did  not  know  that  if 
the  garrison  had  abandoned  their  post  at  any  time  during  the 
Federal  reconnoisance— for  that  was  all  it  was,  in  point  of  fact — 
they  should  have  been  courtmartialed  for  cowardice;  because  how- 
ever meritorious  their  action  in  "  holding  the  fort"  may  have  been, 
it  is  absolutely  certain  that  they  were  never  exposed  to  any  real 
danger  of  capture  or  injury  from  the  Federals,  who  did  not  fire  a 
dozen  shots  altogether,  and  from  which  the  garrison  was  perfectly 
protected  by  the  earth-work. 

Very  respectfully  yours, 

Frederic  Speed, 
Formerly  A.  A.  Ge?ieral  ist  Divisioyi  igth  Army  Corps. 

PRESIDENT  DAVIS'S  ACCOUNT. 

[In  order  that  our  readers  may  have  "the  other  side,"  and  that 
there  may  go  into  our  record  a  full  and  authentic  narrative  ot  this 
heroic  action,  we  copy  the  account  given  by  President  Davis  in 
"Rise  and  Fall  of  the  Confederate  Government."] 

The  strategic  importance  to  the  enemy  of  the  possession  of  Sabine 
fiver  caused  the  organization  of  a  large  expedition  of  land  and  naval 
forces  to  enter  and  ascend  the  river.  If  successful,  it  gave  the  enemy 
short  lines  for  operation  against  the  interior  of  Texas,  and  relieved 
them  of  the  discomfiture  resulting  from  their  expulsion  from  Gal- 
veston Harbor. 

The  fleet  of  the  enemy  numbered  twenty-three  vessels.  The  forces 
were  estimated  to  be  ten  thousand  men.  No  adequate  provision  had 
been  made  to  resist  such  a  force,  and,  under  the  circumstances,  none 
might  have  been  promptly  made  on  which  reliance  could  have  been  • 
reasonably  placed.  A  few  miles  above  the  entrace  into  the  Sabine 
river  a  small  earthwork  had  been  constructed,  garrisoned  at  the  time 


134  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

of  the  action  by  forty-two  men  and  two  lieutenants,  with  an  arma- 
ment of  six  guns.  The  officers  and  men  were  all  Irishmen,  and  the 
company  was  called  the  "  Davis  Guards."  The  Captain,  F.  H.  Odium, 
was  temporarily  absent,  so  that  the  command  devolved  upon  Lieu- 
tenant R.  W.  Dowling.  Wishing  to  perpetuate  the  history  of  an 
affair  in  which  I  believe  the  brave  garrison  did  more  than  an  equal 
force  had  ever  elsewhere  performed,  I  asked  General  Magruder,  when 
I  met  him  after  the  war,  to  write  out  a  full  account  of  the  event ;  he 
agreed  to  so,  but  died  not  long  after  I  saw  him,  and  before  complying 
with  my  request.  From  the  publications  of  the  day  I  have  obtained 
the  main  facts,  as  they  were  then  printed  in  the  Texas  newspapers, 
and,  being  unwilling  to  summarize  the  reports,  give  them  at  length  : 

CAPTAIN    F.    H.    ODLUM's    OFFICIAL    REPORT. 

"  Headquarters.  Sabine  Pass, 

"  September  9,  1863. 

"  Captain  A.  N.  Mills,  Assistant  Adjutant- General  : 

"Sir, — I  have  the  honor  to  report  that  we  had  an  engagement 
with  the  enemy  yesterday  and  gained  a  handsome  victory.  We  cap- 
tured two  of  their  gunboats,  crippled  a  third,  and  drove  the  rest  out 
of  the  Pass.  We  took  eighteen  fine  guns,  a  quantity  of  smaller  arms, 
ammunition  and  stores,  killed  about  fifty,  wounded  several,  and  took 
one  hundred  and  fifty  prisoners,  without  the  loss  or  injury  of  any  one 
on  our  side  or  serious  damage  to  the  fort. 

"Your  most  obedient  servant, 

F.  H.  Odlum, 
"  Captain,  commanding  Sabine  Pass.'' 

COMMODORE   LEON   SMITH's    OFFICIAL   REPORT. 

"  Captain  E.  P.  Ttirner,  Assistant  Adjutant- General: 

"Sir, — After  telegraphing  the  Major-General  before  leaving 
Beaumont,  I  took  a  horse  and  proceeded  with  all  haste  to  Sabine 
Pass,  from  which  direction  I  could  distinctly  hear  a  heavy  firing.  Ar- 
riving at  the  Pass  at  3  P.  M.,  I  found  the  enemy  off  and  inside  the 
bar,  with  nineteen  gunboats  and  steamships  and  other  ships  of  war, 
carrying,  as  well  as  I  could  judge,  fifteen  thousand  men.    I  proceeded 


Sabine  Pass.  135 

with  Captain  Odium  to  the  fort,  and  found  Lieutenant  Dowling  and 
Lieutenant  N.  H.  Smith,  of  the  engineer  corps,  with  forty-two  men, 
defending  the  fort.  Until  3  P.  M  our  men  did  not  open  on  the  en- 
emy, as  the  range  was  too  distant.  The  officers  of  the  fort  coolly  held 
their  fire  until  the  enemy  had  approached  near  enough  to  reach  them. 
But,  when  the  enemy  arrived  within  good  range,  our  batteries  were 
opened,  and  gallantly  replied  to  a  galling  and  most  terrific  fire  from 
the  enemy.  As  I  entered  the  fort  the  gunboats  Clifton,  Arizona, 
Sachem,  and  Granite  State,  with  several  others,  came  boldly  up  to 
within  one  thousand  yards,  and  opened  their  batteries,  which  were 
gallantly  and  effectively  replied  to  by  the  Davis  Guards.  For  one 
hour  and  thirty  minutes  a  most  terrific  bombardment  of  grape,  canis- 
ter and  shell  was  directed  against  our  heroic  and  devoted  little  band 
within  the  fort.  The  shot  struck  in  every  direction,  but,  thanks  be  to 
God !  not  one  of  the  noble  Davis  Guards  was  hurt.  Too  much  credit 
cannot  be  awarded  to  Lieutenant  Dowling,  who  displayed  the  utmost 
heroism  in  the  discharge  of  the  duty  assigned  him,  and  the  defenders 
of  the  fort.  God  bless  the  Davis  Guards,  one  and  all !  The  honor 
of  the  country  was  in  their  hands,  and  nobly  they  sustained  it. 
Every  man  stood  at  his  post,  regardless  of  the  murderous  fire  that 
was  poured  upon  them  from  every  direction.  The  result  of  the  bat- 
tle, which  lasted  from  3:30  to  5  P.  M.,  was  the  capturing  of  the 
Clifton  and  Sachem,  eighteen  heavy  guns,  and  one  hundred  and  fifty 
prisoners,  and  the  killing  and  wounding  of  fifty  men,  and  driving 
outside  the  bar  the  enemy's  fleet,  comprising  twenty-three  vessels  in 
all.     I  have  the  honor  to  be,  your  obedient  servant, 

"  Leon  Smith, 
"  Commanding  Mariyie  Department  of  TexasT 

"  Headquarters  District  of   Texas, 

New  Mexico  and  Arizona,    . 
Houston,  Texas,  September  9,  1863. 
"  {Special  Order.) 

"  Another  glorious  victory  has  been  won  by  the  heroism  of  Tex- 
ans.  The  enemy,  confident  of  overpowering  the  little  garrison  at 
Sabine  Pass,  boldly  advanced  to  the  work  of  capture.  After  a  sharp 
contest  he  was  entirely  defeated,  one  gunboat  hurrying  oft'  in  a  crip- 
pled condition,  while  two  others,  the  Clifton  and  Sachem,  with  their 
armaments  and  crews,  including  the  commander  of  the  fleet,  surren- 
dered to  the  gallant  defenders  of  the  fort.  The  loss  of  the  enemy  has 
been  heavy,  while  not  a  man-on  our  side  has  been  killed  or  wounded. 


136  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Though  the  enemy  has  been  repulsed  in  his  naval  attacks,  his  land 
forces,  reported  as  ten  thousand  strong,  are  still  off  the  coast  waiting 
an  opportunity  to  land. 

"  The  Major-General  calls  on  every  man  able  to  bear  arms  to  bring 
his  guns  or  arms,  no  matter  of  what  kind,  and  be  prepared  to  make  a 
sturdy  resistance  to  the  foe. 

"  Major-General  J.  B.  Magruder. 

"  Edmujid  P.    Turner,  Assistant  Adjutant-General." 

The  Daily  Post,  of  Houston,  Texas,  of  August  22,  1880,  has  the 
following : 

"  A  few  days  after  the  battle  each  man  that  participated  in  the  fight 
was  presented  with  a  silver  medal  inscribed  as  follows :  On  one  side 
'  D.  G.,'  for  the  Davis  Guards,  and  on  the  reverse  side,  '  Sabine  Pass, 
September  8,  1863.' 

"  Captain  Odium  and  Lieutenant  R.  W.  Dowling  have  gone  to 
that  bourne  whence  no  traveler  returns,  and  but  few  members  of  the 
heroic  band  are  in  the  land  of  the  living,  and  those  few  reside  in  the 
city  of  Houston,  and  often  meet  together  and  talk  about  the  batde  in 
which  they  participated  on  the  memorable  8th  of  September,  1863. 

"  The  following  are  the  names  of  the  company  who  manned  the 
guns  in  Fort  Grigsby,  and  to  whom  the  credit  is  due  for  the  glorious 
victory : 

"  Lieutenants  R.  W.  Dowling  and  N.  H,  Smith  ;  Privates  Timothy 
McDonough,  Thomas  Dougherty,  David  Fitzgerald,  Michael  Mona- 
han,  John  Hassett,  John  McKeefer,  Jack  W.  White,  Patrick  McDon- 
nell. William  Gleason,  Michael  Carr,  Thomas  Hagerty,  Timothy 
Huggins,  Alexander  McCabe,  James  Flemming,  Patrick  Fitzgerald, 
Thomas  McKernon,  Edward  Pritchard,  Charles  Rheins,  Timothy 
Hurley,  John  McGrath,  Matthew  Walshe,  Patrick  Sullivan,  Michael 
Sullivan,  Thomas  Sullivan,  Patrick  Clare,  John  Hennessey,  Hugh 
Deagan,  Maurice  Powers,  Abner  Carter,  Daniel  McMurray,  Patrick 
Malone,  James  Corcoran,  Patrick  Abbott,  John  McNealis,  Michael 
Egan,  Daniel  Donovan,  John  Wesley,  John  Anderson,  John  Flood, 
Peter  O'Hare,  Michael  Delaney,  Terence  Mulhern." 

The  inquiry  may  naturally  arise  how  this  small  number  of  men 
could  take  charge  of  so  large  a  body  of  prisoners.  This  required 
that  to  their  valor  they  should  add  strategem,  A  few  men  were 
placed  on  the  parapet  as  sentinels,  the*  rest  were  marched  out  as  a 


Letters  from  Fort  Humter.  137 

guard  to  receive  the  prisoners  and  their  arms.  Thus  was  concealed 
the  fact  that  the  fort  was  empty.  The  report  of  the  guns  bombarding 
the  fort  had  been  heard,  and  soon  after  the  close  of  the  battle  re- 
enforcements  arrived,  which  relieved  the  little  garrison  from  its  em- 
barrassment. 

Official  reports  of  officers  in  the  assaulting  column,  as  published  in 
the  "  Rebellion  Record,"  vol.  vii.,  page  425,  et  seg.,  refer  to  another 
fort,  and  steamers  in  the  river,  co-operating  in  the  defence  of  Fort 
Grigsby.  The  success  of  the  single  company  which  garrisoned  the 
earthwork  is  without  parallel  in  ancient  or  modern  war.  It  was  mar- 
velous ;  but  it  is  incredible — more  than  marvelous — that  another 
garrison  in  another  fort,  with  cruising  steamers,  aided  in  checking  the 
advance  of  the  enemy,  yet  silently  permitted  the  forty-two  men  and 
two  officers  of  Fort  Grigsby  to  receive  all  the  credit  for  the  victory 
which  was  won.  If  this  be  supposable,  how  is  it  possible  that  Cap- 
tain Odium,  Commander  Smith,  General  Magruder,  and  Lieutenant 
Dowling,  who  had  been  advised  to  abandon  the  work,  and  had  con- 
sulted their  men  as  to  their  willingness  to  defend  it,  should  nowhere 
have  mentioned  the  putative  fort  and  co-operating  steamers  ? 

The  names  of  the  forty-four  must  go  down  to  posterity  unshorn  of 
the  honor  which  their  contemporaries  admiringly  accorded. 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter  in  1862  and  1863. 

By  Lieut.  Iredell  Jones,  First  Regiment  S.  C.  Regulars. 

No.  2. 

Fort  Sumter,  July  20,  1S63. 

My  Dear  Father, — ■  *  *  Since  my  last  to  mother  much  of 
interest  has  transpired,  and  all  before  my  eyes.  I  have  seen  a  despe- 
rate battle  fought,  preceded,  as  it  was,  by  one  of  the  most  furious 
bombardments  of  the  war.  About  9  o'clock  on  Saturday  morning, 
the  five  monitors,  the  Ironsides,  and  five  gunboats  moved  up  in  front 
of  Wagner  and  immediately  opened  a  most  terrific  shelling,  and  they 
had  not  fired  long  before  the  enemy's  batteries  (two  in  number) 
joined  in,  and  all  together  poured  forth  their  missiles  of  death  for  ten 
long  hours  on  our  little  fort,  containing  only  one  gun  with  which  we 
were  able  to  reply.  The  rest  of  the  guns  in  the  fort  are  of  light  cal- 
ibre and  useful  only  against  an  assaulting  party.  Our  men  look 
refuge  in  their  bomb-proofs,  and,  having  sustained  only  a  few  casu- 


138  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

alties,  quietly  awaited  the  time  when  they  would  be  afforded  an  op- 
portunity for  taking  revenge.  That  time  came  much  sooner  than 
they  anticipated.  About  dusk  the  dark  and  dense  columns  were  seen 
moving  slowly  down  the  beach.  When  they  had  reached  the  com- 
mencement of  the  open  plain  in  front  of  and  entirely  commanded  by 
the  Battery,  the  first  brigade,  under  Gen.  Strong,  being  formed  in  two 
columns,  made  a  dashing  charge  for  our  works.  They  reached  the 
Battery,  but  were  repulsed  and  driven  back  in  confusion.  Immedi- 
ately the  second  brigade,  under  Col.  Putnam,  moved  to  the  assault, 
and  reached  and  took  possession  of  the  main  portion  of  our  works, 
but  the  ditch  in  front,  filled  with  dead  and  dying,  and  the  scattered 
dead  and  wounded  across  the  whole  plain,  told  how  dearly  they  had 
paid  for  it. 

The  enemy  kept  possession  of  the  portion  they  had  taken  for 
three-quarters  of  an  hour,  were  there  in  force  even  after  all  the  rest 
of  their  comrades  had  retreated,  and  but  for  a  gallant  charge  of  a 
handful  of  men  from  the  Charleston  Battalion,  led  by  General  Talia- 
ferro in  person,  they  would  well  nigh  have  taken  our  works.  Our  little 
band  charged  them  at  the  point  of  the  bayonet,  and  either  killed, 
wounded,  or  took  possession  of  the  whole  party.  If  the  enemy  had 
been  supported,  I  believe  the  Battery  would  have  fallen. 

Thus  ended  one  of  the  most  desperate  little  battles  of  this  war.  It 
was  really  fought  by  about  500  of  our  men  against  twelve  regiments 
of  the  enemy,  numbering  about  8,000  in  all,  in  two  brigades.  I  vis- 
ited the  Battery  yesterday,  and  went  all  over  the  battle-field.  The 
dead  and  wounded  were  piled  up  in  a  ditch  together,  sometimes  fifty 
in  a  heap,  and  they  were  strewn  all  over  the  plain  for  a  distance  of 
three-quarters  of  a  mile.  They  had  two  negro  regiments,  and  they 
were  slaughtered  in  every  direction.  One  pile  of  negroes  numbered 
thirty.  Numbers  of  both  whites  and  blacks  were  killed  on  top  our 
breastworks,  as  well  as  inside.  The  negroes  fought  gallantly,  and 
were  headed  by  as  brave  a  Colonel  as  ever  lived.  He  mounted  the 
breastworks,  waving  his  sword,  and  at  the  head  of  his  regiment,  and 
he  and  a  negro  orderly  sergeant  fell  dead  over  the  inner  crest  of  the 
works.  The  negroes  were  as  fine  looking  set  as  I  ever  saw — large, 
strong,  muscular  fellows.  They  were  splendidly  uniformed  ;  but  they 
do  not  know  what  they  are  fighting  for.  They  say  they  were  forced 
into  it.  I  learned  from  prisoners  that  they  are  held  in  contempt  by 
the  white  soldiers,  and  not  only  so,  but  that  the  white  officers  who 
command  them  are  despised  also.  They  are  made  to  do  all  the 
drudgery  of  the  army. 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  139 

The  enemy's  loss  was,  according  to  the  best  estimates,  600  killed 
and  about  the  same  number  wounded  and  prisoners  together,  while 
our  loss,  all  told,  was  not  more  than  150. 

The  Colonel  of  one  of  the  negro  regiments  has  been  recognized  as 
a  very  wealthy  gentleman  from  Boston. 

The  enemy  sent  a  flag  of  truce  over  yesterday  morning,  asking  to 
be  allowed  to  bury  their  dead,  but  General  Hagood,  who  has  relieved 
General  Taliaferro  for  the  present,  replied  that  we  would  attend  to  that. 
There  was  a  kind  of  mutual  agreement,  however,  that  all  operations 
should  be  suspended  for  the  day,  and  while  I  was  on  the  field  about 
fifty  Yankees  came  over,  and  were  circulating  freely  among  our  work- 
ing parties,  cracking  jokes  and  "  cutting  "  at  each  other.  I  did  not 
speak  to  them  myself,  but  in  company  with  a  Lieutenant  from  the  Bat- 
tery, went  up  nearly  to  the  enemy's  rifle  pits,  and  was  in  about  fifty 
yards  of  three  or  four  hundred  of  them.  I  went  up  to  try  to  see  the 
strength  of  their  stockade  work,  and  depth  of  the  ditch  in  front  of  us, 
together  with  the  number  of  guns,  &c.,  in  their  batteries,  but  was  un- 
able to  make  any  discoveries. 

During  the  fight  we  assisted  with  such  a  fire  as  old  Sumter  was 
able  to  give,  and  all  the  time  during  the  day  while  the  enemy  were 
firing  so  furiously  on  the  Battery,  we  kept  up  a  slow  fire  at  their  bat- 
teries, and  now  and  then  gave  their  monitors  a  turn.  We  were  at  the 
Battery  from  9  o'clock  Saturday  till  3  o'clock  Sunday  morning,  with- 
out scarcely  leaving  it.  Wagner  is  uninjured.  All  it  needs  is  heavier 
guns  to  keep  off  the  fleet,  and  our  Generals  won't  send  these  to  them, 
for  fear  of  the  Batter)''s  being  taken  and  the  guns  being  lost.  If  they 
be  not  sent  I  believe  the  Battery  will  fall,  for  it  is  now  almost  encir- 
cled with  gunboats  and  batteries.  The  garrison  holds  out  bravely, 
and  if  assisted,  as  it  deserves  to  be,  Wagner  cannot  be  taken. 

It  is  now  3  o'clock  P.  M.  The  bombardment  was  recommenced 
to-day,  and  still  continues.  The  enemy's  batteries  have  just  opened 
on  Sumter,  and  for  the  first  time.  Several  shells  have  fallen  inside 
the  fort.  A  drummer  boy  was  wounded  by  a  fragment  a  few  mo- 
ments ago.         *         -t         *         * 

Your  affectionate  son, 

Iredell  Jones. 


140  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

J^DITOFJIAL     'pAFfAQF^APHp. 


W.  \V.  Corcoran,  Esq.,  our  Vice-President  for  tiie  District  of  Columbia, 
has  again  shown  his  appreciation  for  our  work  in  a  way  which  the  following 
correspondence  will  explain : 

Washington,  D.  C,  February  6,  1884. 

Rev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D.,  Secretary  of  the 

Southern  Historical  Society,  Richmotid,  Va: 

My  Dear  Sir, — I  have  just  obtained  a  very  interesting  and  valuable 
document — being  the  original  "  Constitution  for  the  Provisional  Govern- 
ment of  the  Confederate  States  of  America,"  bearing  date  February  8,  1861, 
and  signed  by  the  representatives  of  the  States  of  South  Carolina,  Geor- 
gia, Florida,  Alabama,  Mississippi,  Louisana  and  Texas,  and  it  affords  me 
pleasure  to  present  it  to  your  Society,  which  seems  to  me  to  be  the  proper 
custodian  of  such  a  relic. 

I  forward  the  document  by  Adams's  Express  Company  to-day,  and  re- 
main. Very  truly  yours,' 

W.  W.  Corcoran. 

Office  Southern  Historical  Society, 
No.  7,  Library  Floor  State  Capitol, 

RiCH.MOND,  Va.,  February  7,  1884, 

W.  W.  Corcoran.  Esq.,  Vice-President 

Southern  Historical  Society  for  District  of  Columbia  : 

My  Dear  Sir, — I  have  to-day  received  your  esteemed  favor  of  the  6th 
instant,  and  the  express  this  afternoon  brought  the  interesting  and  valuable 
historic  document  to  which  it  refers. 

Allow  me,  in  behalf  of  the  Society,  to  return  you  our  warm  thanks  for 
this  renewed  expression  of  the  deep,  practical,  and  liberal  interest  you  have 
shown  in  our  work  ever  since  our  organization. 

It  is  a  source  of  peculiar  gratification  to  us  that  one  whose  princely  mu- 
nificence has  carried  sunshine  into  so  many  desolated  Southern  homes, 
gladness  to  so  many  sorrowing  hearts,  should  manifest  so  hearty  an  interest 
in  our  efforts  to  collect,  collate,  preserve  and  publish  the  material  for  a  true 
history  of  the  Government  and  people  whose  original  Constitution  you  now 
place  in  our  archives,  doing  us  the  honor  to  say  that  the  Southern  His- 
toricnl  Society  seems  to  you  "to  be  the  proper  custodian  of  such  a  relic." 

We  shall  sacredly  preserve  this  beautiful  memento  of  the  Confederacy, 
which 

" rose  80  white  and  fair, 

And  fell  so  pure  of  crimes  " ; 

and  we  shall  not  fail  to  suitably  link  with  it  the  name  of  our  honored  bene- 
factor, whose  wise  liberality  enabled  us  first  to  begin  the  publication  of  our 


Editorial  Paragraphs.  141 

records,  and  who  has  again  and  again  contributed  such  valuable  material  to 
our  collection. 

You  will  be  glad  to  know  that  we  are  hopefully  working  for  the  establish- 
ment of  our  Society  on  tiie  firm  basis  of  a  fire-pro(jf  building  for  our  archives 
and  a  permanent  endozvment,  whicli  will  ensure  tiie  carrying  on  of  the  work' 
after  those  of  us  who  are  now  engaged  in  it  shall  have  passed  away  ;  and  we 
assure  you  that  we  are  greatly  cheered  in  our  efforts  by  sucli  practical  sym- 
pathy on  the  part  of  one  whose  liberalty  is  only  equalled  by  the  wisdom 
with  which  he  is  accustomed  to  bestow  it. 

With  best  wishes  and  most  fervent  prayers  for  your  continued  health, 
happiness  and  usefulness,  I  am,  with  sentiments  of  highest  respect  and 
esteem. 

Very  truly  yours, 

J.  William  Jones, 
Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society. 

The  Constitution  is  beautifully  engrossed  on  parchment,  and  has  on  it  the 
autograph  signatures  of  the  members  then  composing  the  Provisional  Con- 
gress, and  the  certificate  of  the  clerk  as  to  its  genuineness. 

It  is  indeed  an  interesting  and  valuable  addition  to  the  priceless  collec- 
tion of  the  Southern  Historical  Society,  and  makes  another  strong  argument 
for  giving  the  Society  fire-proof  quarters  at  the  earliest  possible  day. 


Renewals  were  never  more  "  in  order  "  than  at  the  present,  and  we 
beg  again  that  our  many  friends  who  are  in  arrears  will  promptly  forward 
the  amount  due  us. 


An  appeal  that  should  be  heeded  comes  to  us  in  the  following, 
which  we  cordially  publish,  and  most  heartily  endorse.  We  are  glad  to 
learn  that  responses  are  coming  in  very  handsomely  from  every  quarter, 
and  that,  with  an  expected  appropriation  from  the  Virginia  Legislature,  the 
scheme  promises  to  be  a  splendid  success  : 

R.  E.  Lee  Camp,  No.  i.  Confederate  Veterans, 
Richmond,  Va.,  January  15th,  18S4. 

The  above  Camp  of  "Old  Confeds"  see  and  feel  the  necessity  for  con- 
centrated effort  to  aid  and  care  for  the  disabled  of  our  comrades,  who  have 
no  Government  to  bestow  bounty  upon  them,  and  who  must  rely  on  those 
who  e.xperienced  the  hardship  of  soldier  life,  and  those  who  have  sympathy 
for  them.  We  have  had  kindly  greetings  from  the  "Boys  in  Blue" — who 
were  on  the  other  side— and  call  on  those  of  tiie  "Gray"  who  may  be  dis- 
posed and  able  to  assist  us. 

We  have  determined  to  hold  a  grand  Fair  in  this  city  for  the  purpose 
indicated  in  May  next,  or  as  soon  as  we  can,  and  woukl  be  grateful  for  such 


142  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

contributions  of  money  or  merchandise  as  will  make  our  efforts  a  success. 
Please  make  prompt  reply  if  you  can  help  us. 

With  soldierly  greetings,  we  are, 

Your  old  comrade  Confeds, 

R.  H.  Fox, 
J.  B.  McKenny, 
D.  S.  Redford, 
J.  T.  Ferriter, 

\V.   T.   ASHBY, 

Conimitiee. 


The  "  Mercer  Cav.\lry,"  from  Spotsylvania  county,  Virginia,  com- 
manded by  Lieutenant  Waller,  and  not  the  "  Mercer  county  Cavalry," 
commanded  by  "  Lieutenant  Walker,"  as  it  was  by  some  oversight  put  in 
Captain  Frayser's  account  of  Stuart's  "  Ride  Around  McClellan,"  was  the 
company  which  charged  with  the  Esse.x  Dragoons  when  the  lamented 
LatanS  fell. 

We  are  indebted  for  this  correction  to  our  gallant  friend  Captain  Willie 
Campbell,  of  Essex. 


Corrections  in  the  Roster  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia, 
which  we  published  in  our  January-February  number,  have  come  from 
several  sources,  and  we  solicit  others,  if  errors  are  found. 

General  N.  H.  Harris  writes  as  follows  : 

ViCKSBURG,  Miss.,  February  4th,  1884. 

Rev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society,  Richmond,  Va  : 

My  Dear  Sir,— In  the  January  number  Southern  Historical  So- 
ciety Papers,  just  received,  page  8,  appears :  "  Organization  of  the  Army 
of  Northern  Virginia,  August  31st,  1864,  page  13,  Mahone's  division,  it  is 
stated  that  Colonel  Joseph  M.  Jayne  was  in  command  of  Harris's  brigade. 
This  is  an  error  ;  I  was  in  command  of  the  brigade,  and  Colonel  Joseph  M. 
Jayne  was  in  command  of  his  regiment,  the  Forty-eighth  Mississippi.  Lieu- 
tenant Colonel  Thomas  B.  Manlove,  of  the  Forty-eighth  regiment,  by  my 
assignment,  was  in  command  of  the  Twelfth  regiment,  and  Lieutenant- 
Colonel  James  H.  Duncan,  of  the  Nineteenth  regiment,  by  my  assignment 
was  in  command  of  the  Sixteenth  regiment. 

If  there  are  as  many  errors  made  as  to  other  commands,  the  compilation 
is  not  a  very  valuable  one.  General  Humphreys,  in  his  "  Virginia  Cam- 
paign of  1864  and  '65,"  Appendix  C,  page  416,  is  more  accurate,  though  his 


Editorial  Paragra-phs.  143 

roster  was  evidently  made  upon  returns  dated  about  the  first  of  the  month 
of  August,  as  the  changes  in  my  own  command  will  show. 
Yours  very  truly, 

N.  H.  Harris. 


IN  MEMORIAM. 

Our  readers  will  remember  the  name  of  Mrs.  Waller  in  connection  with 
our  report  of  the  Reunion  of  Morgans  men  last  July.  The  following  an- 
nounces her  death  : 

"Chicago,  December  15th,  1883. 
"Editor  of  Southern  Historical  Papers, 

Richmond,  Va.  : 

"  It  is  with  profound  sorrow  that  I  announce  the  sudden  death  of 
Mrs.  Sarah  Bell  Waller,  at  her  residence  on  Ashland  avenue  in  this  city  about 
8  o'clock  P.  M.  Thursday  the  13th. 

"The  thousands  of  Confederate  prisoners  of  war  who  survive  their  con- 
finement in  camp  Douglas  near  this  city  during  the  war,  will  remember  this 
lady  as  one  of  the  most  active  and  efficient  of  those  noble-hearted  ladies 
who  devoted  themselves  during  the  four  long  years  of  the  existence  of  this 
noted  prison-pen  to  the  alleviation  of  their  situation  in  providing  for  the  sick, 
and  clothing  naked  and  destitute  prisoners.  The  destitute  prisoners  of  Fort 
Donelson — Island  No.  10— Arkansas  Post,  &c.,  &c.,  have  cause  to  remember 
with  gratitude  her  kind  and  efficient  ministrations  to  their  necessities  at  that 
time,  and  it  has  been  a  matter  of  surprise  to  those  who  knew  of  her  work 
in  behalf  of  the  prisoners,  that  recognition  of  her  services  has  not  been  re- 
corded in  your  Papers  by  some  of  those  who  were  the  beneficiaries  of  her 
labors,  long,  long  ago. 

"  Yours  truly, 

"W.  O.  George." 


In  the  recent  death  of  Ex-Governor  Joiin  Letcher,  at  his  residence  in 
Lexington,  Virginia,  there  has  passed  away  one  of  the  ablest,  most  fearless 
and  most  incorruptible  of  the  Confederate  "War  Governors." 

He  carried  through  life  the  soubriquet  he  won  in  the  old  United  States 
Congress — "  Honest  John  Letcher,  the  watch-dog  of  the  treasury,"  and  in 
his  death  Virginia  has  lost  one  of  her  ablest  statesmen — one  of  her  purest 
patriots. 

"  Peace  to  his  ashes ! " 


General  J.  F.  Gilmer,  the  able  and  accomplished  Chief  of  Engineers 
of  the  Confederacy,  died  at  Savannah  several  weeks  ago,  and  we  have  been 
waiting  for  a  promised  sketch  of  his  distinguished  services,  which  we  regret 
has  not  come  in  time  for  this  issue. 


144  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Literary  Notices. 

"SECRET  SERVICE  0¥  THE  CONFEDERATE  STATES  IN  EU- 
ROPE." By  Captain  James  D.  Bullock.  New  York  :  G.  P.  Putnam's 
Sons.    Two  vohimes.     Price  |6. 

We  have  received  this  book  (through  Carlton  McCarthy  &  Co.,  Rich- 
mond) and  have  only  space  to  say  now  that  it  is  of  thrilling  interest,  and 
great  historic  value,  and  as  the  edition  is  limited  we  would  advise  all 
desiring  a  copy  to  procure  it  at  once.    We  propose  hereafter  a  full  review. 

We  are  indebted  to  Mrs.  De  Renne,  of  Savannah,  for  a  really  superb 
edition  of  Major  Daniel's  address  at  the  unveiling  of  the  Lee  figure  at  Lex- 
ington. Following  the  example  of  her  distinguished  husband,  Mrs.  De 
Renne  has  had  an  edition  of  one  hundred  copies  gotten  up  in  the  highest 
style  of  the  book-maker's  art,  with  beautiful  engravings,  fine  binding,  etc. 

"CONTRIBUTIONS  TO  A  HISTORY  OF  THE  RICHMOND  HOW- 
ITZERS. Pamphlet  No.  2,"  is  a  worthy  successor  to  No.  i,  which  we  would 
advise  all  to  secure  by  ordering  at  once  from  Carlton  McCarthy  &  Co., 
Richmond,  Va.     We  have  not  room  to  say  more  now. 

THE  MILITARY  OPERATIONS  OF  GENERAL  BEAUREGARD  IN 
THE  WAR  BETWEEN  THE  STATES,  1861  TO  1865,  INCLUDING 
A  BRIEF  PERSONAL  SKETCH  AND  A  NARRATIVE  OF  HIS 
SERVICES  IN  THE  WAR  WITH  MEXICO,  1846-8.  By  Alfred  Ro- 
man, formerly  Colonel  of  the  Eighteenth  Louisiana  Volunteers,  after- 
wards Aide-de-Camp  and  Inspector-General  on  the  Staff  of  General 
Beauregard.  In  two  volumes,  Volumes  I.  and  II.  New  York :  Harper 
&  Brothers.     1884.    Sold  only  by  subscription. 

We  have  received  our  copy  through  Rev.  I.  T.  Wallace,  Agent,  Rich- 
mond, Fa. 

We  have  not  yet  had  time  to  give  this  book,  as  we  propose  doing,  a  care- 
ful reading,  and  we  must  reserve  until  then  any  full  notice  or  review  of  it. 
But  we  may  say  now  that  no  narrative  of  the  "  Military  Operations  of  Gen- 
eral Beauregard,"  even  fairly  well  written,  could  fail  to  be  of  interest,  while 
one  written  by  the  facile  pen  of  Judge  Roman,  aided  by  General  Beaure- 
gard's personal  supervision,  as  well  as  by  his  papers,  in  its  preparation, 
could  not  fail  to  be  of  absorbing  interest  and  great  historical  value. 

A  gallant  soldier  and  accomplished  engineer  in  the  old  United  States 
army,  one  of  the  brightest  of  the  galaxy  of  young  officers  who  so  gallantly 
distinguished  themselves  in  the  Mexican  war,  and  certainly  among  the  most 
accomplished  soldiers  which  the  late  war  produced.  General  Beauregard's 
contribution  to  our  history  has  been  eagerly  looked  for,  and  will  be  widely 
read. 

There  will  be,  of  course,  honest  differences  of  opinion  as  to  some  things 
which  the  book  contains,  and  regret  on  the  part  of  some  of  his  warmest 
admirers  that  certain  things  had  not  been  left  unsaid;  but  General  Beaure- 
gard is  entitled  to  a  hearing  at  the  bar  of  history,  and  the  book  will  find  a 
place  in  Libraries  generally,  wiiich  pretend  to  anything  like  fullness  in  their 
historic  collections. 

The  Harpers  have  gotten  up  the  book  in  their  usual  beautiful  style,  and 
it  is,  in  paper,  type  and  binding,  a  fine  specimen  of  the  book-maker's  art. 


Vol.  XII. 


Richmond,  Va.,  April,  1884. 


No.  4. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee,  General  Braxton  Bragg,  Confede- 
rate States  Army,  Commanding,  at  the  Battle  of  Chickamauga.(a) 


Compiled  by  the   }]^ar- Records  Office. 

[Corrections  earnestly  solicited.] 

RIGHT  WING. 

Lieutenant-General  Leonidas  Polk. 

Cheatham's  division. ((5) 
Major-General  B.  F.  Cheatham. 

Escort. 
Second  Georgia  Cavalry,  Company  G,  Captain  T.  M.  Merritt. 


(a)  Compiled  from  the  reports  when  not  otherwise  indicated. 
(^)  Of  Polk's  corps. 


146  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Jackson's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  John  K.  Jackson. 
First  Georgia  (Conted.),  Second  Georgia  battalion,  Major  J.  C.  Gordon. 
Fifth  Georgia,  Colonel  C.  P.  Daniel. 

Second  Georgia  Battalion  (S.  S.),  Major  R.  H.  Whiteley. 
Fifth  Mississippi,  Lieutenant- Colonel  W.  L.  Sykes  and   Major  J.  B. 

Herring. 
Eighth  Mississippi,  Colonel  J.  C.  Wilkinson. 

Maney's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  George  Maney. 
First  and  Twenty-seventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  H.  R.  Feild. 
Fourth  Tennessee  (Prov.  Army),  Colonel  J.  A.  McMurry,  Lieutenant- 
Colonel   R.  N.  Lewis,  Major  O.  A.  Bradshaw,  and  Captain  J. 
Bostick. 
Sixth  and  Ninth  Tennessee,  Colonel  George  C.  Porter. 
Twenty-fourth  Tennessee  battalion,  (S.  S.),  Major  Frank  Maney. 

Smith' s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Preston  Smith — Colonel  A.  J.  Vaughan,  Jr. 
Eleventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  G.  W.  Gordon. 
Twelfth  and  Forty-seventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  W.  M.  Watkins. 
Thirteenth  and  Fifteenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  A.  J.  Vaughan,  Jr.,  and 

Lieutenant-Colonel  R.  W.  Pitman. 
Twenty-ninth  Tennessee,  Colonel  Horace  Rice. 

Dawson's  Battalion  (<:)  Sharpshooters,  Major  J.  W.  Dawson  and  Ma- 
jor William  Green. 

Wright' s  Brigade. 
Brigadier  General  Marcus  J.  Wright. 
Eighth  Tennessee,  Colonel  John  H.  Anderson. 
Sixteenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  D.  M.  Donnell. 
Twenty-eighth  Tennessee,  Colonel  S.  S.  Stanton. 
Thirty-eighth  Tennessee  and  Murry's  (Tenn.)   Battalion,  Colonel  J. 

C.  Carter. 
Fifty-first  and  Fifty-second  Tennessee,  Lieutenant-Colonel  John  G. 
Hall. 

(r)  Com|-)osed  of  two  companies  from  the  Eleventh  Tennessee,  two  from 
tiie  Twelfth  and  Forty-seventh  (consolidated),  and  one  from  the  One  Hun- 
dredth and  Fifty-fourth  .Senior  Tennessee. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  14T 

StrahVs  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  O.  F.  Strahl. 
Fourth  and  Fifth  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  J.  Lamb. 
Nineteenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  F.  M.  Walker. 
Twenty-fourth  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  A.  Wilson. 
Thirty-first  Tennessee,  Colonel  E.  E.  Tansil. 

Thirty- third  Tennessee . 

Artillery. 
Major  Malanchton  Smith. 
Carnes's  (Tennessee)  Battery,  Captain  W.  W.  Carnes. 
Scogin's  (Georgia)  Battery,  Captain  John  Scogin. 
Scott's   (Tennessee)   Battery,   Lieutenants   J.    H.   Marsh  and  A.   T. 

Watson. 
Smith's  (Mississippi)  Battery,  Lieutenant  William  B.  Turner. 
Stanford's  Battery,  Captain  T.  J.  Stanford. 

HILL'S  CORPS. 

Lieutenant-General  Daniel  H.  Hill. 

cleburnes's  division. 

Major-General  P.  R.  Cleburne. 

Wood's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  S.  A.  M.  Wood. 
Sixteenth  Alabama,  Major  J.  H.  McGaughy  and   Captain  F.  A.  Ash- 
ford. 
Thirty-third  Alabama,  Colonel  Samuel  Adams. 
Forty-fifth  Alabama,  Colonel  E.  B.  Breedlove. 
Eighteenth    Alabama    Battalion,   Major  J.    H.    Gibson  and   Colonel 

Samuel  Adams. (a) 
Thirty-second  and  Forty-fifth  Mississippi,  Colonel  M.  P.  Lowrey. 
Sharpshooters,  Major  A.  T.  Hawkins  and   Captain   Daniel   Coleman. 

Polk' s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  L.  E.  Polk. 
First  Arkansas,  Colonel  J.  W.  Colquitt. 
Third  and  Fifth  Confederate,  Colonel  J.  A.  Smith. 
Second  Tennessee,  Colonel  W.  D.  Robison. 
Thirty-fifth  Tennessee,  Colonel  B.  J.  Hill. 
Forty-eighth  Tennessee,  Colonel  G.  H.  Nixon. 

(a)  Thirty  third  Alabama. 


148  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Deshlers  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  James  Deshler— Colonel  R.  Q.  Mills. 

Nineteenth    and  Twenty-fourth  Arkansas,  Lieutenant  Colonel  A.  S. 

Hutchinson. 
Sixth,  Tenth,  and  Fifteenth(a)  Texas,  Colonel  R.  O.  Mills  and   Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel T.  Scott  Anderson. 
Seventeenth,  Eighteenth,  Twenty-fourth,  and  Twenty  fifth  Texas,(a) 
Colonel  F,  C.  Wilkes,  Lieutenant. Colonel  John  T.  Coit,  and  Ma- 
jor W.  A.  Taylor. 

Artillery. 
Major  T.  R.  Hotchkiss— Captain  H.  C.  Sample. 
Calvert's  Battery,  Lieutenant  Thomas  J.  Key. 
Douglas's  Battery,  Captain  J.  P.  Douglas. 

Semple's  Battery,  Captain  H.  C.  Semple  and  Lieutenant  R.  W.  Gold- 
thwaite. 

Breckinridge's   division. 
Major-General  John  C.  Breckinridge. 

Helnis  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  Benjamin  Hardin  Helm— Colonel  J.  H.  Lewis. 
Forty- first  Alabama,  Colonel  M.  L.  Stansel. 
Second    Kentucky,   Colonel  J.  W.  Hewitt   and    Lieutenant-Colonel 

J.  W.  Moss. 
Fourth  Kentucky,  Colonel  Joseph  P.  Nuckols,  Jr.,  and  Major  T.  W. 

Thompson. 
Sixth  Kentucky,  Colonel  J.  H.  Lewis  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  M.  H. 

Cofer. 
Ninth  Kentucky,  Colonel  J.  W.  Caldwell  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  J. 

C.  Wicklifte. 

Adams's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Daniel  W.  Adams — Colonel  R.  L.  Gibson. 
Thirty-second  Alabama,  Major  J.  C.  Kimbell. 
Thirteenth  and  Twentieth  Louisiana,  Colonels  R.  L.  Gibson  and  Leon 

von  Zinken  and  Captain  E.  M.  Dubroca. 
Sixteenth  and  Twenty- fifth  Louisiana,  Colonel  D.  Gober. 
Nineteenth  Louisiana,   Lieutenant- Colonel  R.  W.  Turner,  Major  L. 

Butler,  and  Captain  H.  A.  Kennedy. 
Fourteenth  Louisiana  Battalion,  Major  J.  E.  Austin. 


(a)  Thirty-third  Alabama.  (d)  Dismounted  cavalry. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  149 

StovalPs  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  M.  A.  Stovall. 

First  and  Third  Florida,  Colonel  W.  S.  Dilworth. 

Fourth  Florida,  Colonel  W.  L.  L.  Bowen. 

Forty-seventh  Georgia,  Captains   William  S.  Phillips  and  Joseph  S. 

Cone. 
Sixtieth  North  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  M.  Rav  and  Captain 

J.  T.  Weaver. 

Artillery. 

Major  R.  E.  Graves. 

Cobb's  Battery,  Captain  Robert  Cobb. 
Mebane's  Battery,  Captain  John  W.  Mebane. 
Slocomb's  Battery,  Captain  C.  H.  Slocomb. 

RESERVE  CORPS. 

Major-General  W.  H.  T.  Walker. 

w^alker's  division. 

Brigadier- General  S.  R.  Gist. 

Gist's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  S.  R.  Gist. 
Colonel  P.  H.  Colquitt. 
Lieutenant-Colonel  L.  Napier. 

Forty-sixth  Georgia,  Colonel  P.  H.  Colquitt  and  Major  A.  M.  Speer. 
Eighth  Georgia  Battalion,  Lieutenant-Colonel  L.  Napier. 
Sixteenth  South  Carolina, («)  Colonel  J.  McCullough. 
Twenty-fourth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  C.  H.  Stevens  and  Lieutenant- 
Colonel  E.  Capers. 

Wilson! s  Brigade. 
Colonel  C.  C.  Wilson. 
Twenty  fifth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  A.J.  Williams. 
Twenty-ninth  Georgia,  Lieutenant  G.  R.  McRae. 
Thirtieth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  S.  Boynton. 

First  Georgia  Battalion  (S.  S.), . 

Fourth  Louisiana  Battalion, . 


(a)  Not  engaged  ;  at  Rome. 


150  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Ector's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  M.  D.  Ector. 

Stone's  Alabama  Battalion. 

Pound's  Mississippi  Battalion. 

Twenty-ninth  North  Carolina. 

Ninth  Texas. 

Tenth,  Fourteenth  and  Thirty- Second  Texas  Cavalry,  {b) 

Artillery. 
Ferguson's  Battalion,  (a)  Lieutenant  R.  T.  Beauregard. 
Martin's  Battery, . 

liddell's  division. 
Brigadier-General  St.  John  R.  Liddell. 

Liddell's  Brigade. 
Colonel  D.  C.  Govan. 

Second  and   Fifteenth   Arkansas,  Lieutenant-Colonel   R.   T.  Harvey 
and  Captain  A.  T.  Meek. 

Fifth  and  Thirteenth  Arkansas,  Colonel   L.   Featherston  and   Lieu- 
tenant Colonel  John  E.  Murray. 

Sixth  and  Seventh  Arkansas,  Colonel  D.  A.  Gillespie  and  Lieutenant- 
Colonel  P.  Snyder. 

Eighth  Arkansas,  Lieutenant-Colonel  G.  F.  Baucum  and   Major  A. 
Watkins. 

First   Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel    G.   F.   Baucum   and   Major  A. 

Watkins. 

Walthall's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  E.  C.  Walthall. 

Twenty-fourth   Mississippi,   Lieutenant-Colonel    R.    P.    McKelvaine, 

Major  W.   C.  Staples,  and  Captains  B.   F.   Toomer  and  J.   D. 

Smith. 
Twenty-seventh  Mississippi,  Colonel  James  A.  Campbell. 
Twenty-ninth  Mississippi,  Colonel  W.  F.  Brantly. 
Thirtieth  Mississippi,  Colonel  J.  L   Scales,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Hugh 

A.  Reynolds,  and  Major  J.  M.  Johnson. 
Thirty-fourth   Mississippi, (r)  Major  W.   G.  Pegram,  Captain   H.  J. 


(b)  Serving  as  infantry. 

(a)  Not  engaged  ;  at  Rome. 

(c)  Thirty  fourth  Mississippi  had  four  commanders  at  Chickamauga. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  151 

Bowen,  Lieutenant-Colonel  H.  A.  Reynolds,(a?)  and .(.?) 

Arii/lery. 
Captain  Cliarles  Svvett. 
Fowler's  Battery,  Captain  W.  H.  Fowler. 
Warren  Light  Artillery,  Lieutenant  H.  Shannon. 

LEFT  WING. 
Lieutenant-General  James  Longstreet. 

hindman's    division,  fa) 

Major-General  T.  C.  Hindman. 
Brigadier-General  J.   Patton  Anderson. 

Anderson  s   Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  J.  Patton  Anderson. 
Colonel  J.  H.  Sharp. 
Seventh  Mississippi,  Colonel  W.  H.  Bishop. 
Ninth  Mississippi,  Major  T.  H.  Lynam. 
Tenth  Mississippi,  Lieutenant- Colonel  James  Barr. 
Forty-first  Mississippi,  Colonel  W.  F.  Tucker. 
Forty-fourth  Mississippi,  Colonel  J.  H.  Sharp  and  Lieutenant-Colonel 

R.  G.  Kelsey. 
Ninth  Mississippi  Battalion  (S,  S.),  Major  W.  C.  Richards. 
Garrity's  Battery,  Captain  J.  Garrity. 

Deass  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  Z.  C.  Deas. 
Nineteenth  Alabama,  Colonel  S.  K.  McSpadden. 

Twenty-second  Alabama,  Lieutenant-Colonel  John  Weedon  and  Cap- 
tain H.  T.  Toulmin. 
Twenty-fifth  Alabama,  Colonel  George  D.  Johnston. 
Thirty-ninth  Alabama,  Colonel  W.  Clark. 
Fiftieth  Alabama,  Colonel  J.  G.  Coltart. 

Seventeenth  Alabama  Battalion  (S.  S.),  Captain  James  F.  Nabers. 
Robertson's  Battery,  Lieutenant  S.  H.  Dent. 

(of) Thirtieth  Mississippi, 
(a)  Of  Polk's  corps. 


152  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ManigauWs  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  A.  M.  Manigault. 
Twenty-fourth  Alabama,  Colonel  N.  N.  Davis. 
Twenty-eighth  Alabama,  Colonel  John  C.  Reid. 
Thirty-fourth  Alabama,  Major  J.  N.  Slaughter. 
Tenth  and  Nineteenth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  James  F.  Pressley. 
Waters's  Battery,  Lieutenants  Charles  W.  VVatkins  and  George  D. 
Turner. 

BUCKNER'S  CORPS. 

Major-General  Simon  B.  Buckxer. 

Stewart's  division. 

Major-General  Alexander  P.  Stewart. 

Joh?iso7is  Brigade,  ib) 

Brigadier-General  B.  R.  Johnson. 
Colonel  }.  S.  Fulton. 

Seventeenth  Tennessee,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Watt  W.  Floyd. 

Twenty-third  Tennessee,  Colonel  R.  H.  Keeble. 

Twenty-fifth  Tennessee,  Lieutenant- Colonel  R.  B.  Snowden. 

Forty-Fourth  Tennessee,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  L.  McEwen,  Jr.,  and 
Major  G.  M.  Crawford. 

Bate's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  W.  B.  Bate. 

Fifty-eighth  Alabama,  Colonel  Bushrod  Jones. 

Thirty-seventh  Georgia,  Colonel  A.  F.  Rudler  and  Lieutenant-Colo- 
nel J.  T.  Smith. 

Fourth  Georgia  Battalion  (sharpshooters),  Major  T.  D.  Caswell,  Cap- 
tain B.  M.  Turner,  and  Lieutenant  Joel  Towers. 

Fifteenth  and  Thirty-seventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  R.  C.  Tyler,  Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel R.  D.  Frayser,  and  Captain  R.  M.  Tankesley. 

Twentieth  Tennessee,  Colonel  T.  B.  Smith  and  Major  W.  M.  Shy. 

Brou!7i's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  J.  C.  Brown. 
Colonel  Edmund  C.  Cook. 

Eighteenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  B.  Palmer,  Lieutenant-Colonel  W. 
R.  Butler,  and  Captain  Gideon  H.  Lowe. 


(d)  Part  of  Johnson's  provisional  division. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  1 53 

Twenty-sixth  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  M.  Lillard  and  Major  R.  M.  Saf- 
fell. 

Thirty-second  Tennessee,  Colonel  E.  C.  Cook  and  Captain  C.  G. 
Tucker. 

Forty-fifth  Tennessee,  Colonel  A.  Searcy. 

Twenty-third  Tennessee  Battalion,  Major  T.  W.  Newman  and  Cap- 
tain W.  P.  Simpson. 

Clayton's  Brip;ade. 
Brigadier-General  H.  D.  Clayton. 

Eighteenth  Alabama,  Colonel  J.  T.  Holtzclaw,  Lieutenant-Colonel  R, 

F.  Inge,  and  Major  P.  F.  Hunley. 
Thirty-sixth  Alabama,  Colonel  L.  T.  Woodruff. 
Thirty-eighth  Alabama,  Lieutenant-Colonel  A.  R.  Lankford. 

Artillery. 

Major  J.  \V.  Eldridge. 

First  Arkansas  Battery,  Captain  J.  T.  Humphreys. 
T.  H.  Dawson's  Battery,  Lieutenant  R.  W.  Anderson. 
Eufaula  Artillery,  Captain  McD.  Oliver. 

Ninth  Georgia  Artillery  Battalion,  Company  E,  Lieutenant  W.  S. 
Everett. 

Preston's  division. 

Brigadier-General  William  Preston. 

Grade's  Brigade. 
Brigadier  General  A.  Gracie,  Jr. 

Forty-third  Alabama,  Colonel  Y.  M.  Moody. 

First  Alabama  Battalion, (^)  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  H.  Holt  and  Cap- 
tain G.  W.  Huguley. 

Second  Alabama  Battallion,(^)  Lieutenant- Colonel  B.  Hall,  Jr.,  and 
Captain  W.  D.  Walden. 

Third  Alabama  Battalion,((^)  Major  J   W.  A.  Sanford. 

Fourth  Alabama  Battalion, (c)  Major  J.  D.  McLennan. 

Sixty-third  Tennessee,  Lieutenant- Colonel  A.  Fulkerson  and  Major 
John  A.  Aiken. 

{b)  Hilliard's  Legion. 

(c)  Artillery  Battalion,  Hilliard's  Legion. 


154  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Trigg's  Brigade. 

Colonel  R.  C.  Trigg. 
First  Florida  Cavalry, (a)  Colonel  G.  T.  Maxwell. 
Sixth  Florida,  Colonel  J.  J.  Finley. 
Seventh  Florida,  Colonel  R.  Bullock. 
Fifty-fourth  Virginia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  John  J.  Wade. 

Third  Brigade. 

Colonel  J.  H.  Kelly. 
Sixty-fifty  Georgia,  Colonel  R.  H.  Moore. 
Fifth  Kentucky,  Colonel  H.  Hawkins. 
Fifty  eighth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  B.  Palmer. 
Sixty-third  Virginia,  Major  J.  M.  French 

Artillery  Battalion. 
Major  A.  Leyden. 

Jeffress's  Battery. 

Peeples's  Battery. 

Wolihin's   Battery. 

York's  Battery. 

RESERVE    CORPS    ARTILLERY. 

Major  S.  C.  Williams. 

Baxter's  Battery. 
Darden's  Battery. 
Kolb's  Battery. 
McCants's  Battery. 

Johnson's  division,  {d) 

Brigadier- General  Bushrod  R.  Johnson. 

Gregg's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  John  Gregg. 
Colonel  C.  A.  Sugg. 

Third  Tennessee,  Colonel  C.  H.  Walker. 
Tenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  William  Grace. 
Thirtieth  Tennessee, . 


(a)  Dismounted. 

W)A  provisional  organization,  embracing  Johnson's  and  part  of  the  time 
Robertson's  brigades,  as  well  as  Gregg's  and  McNair's.  September  19th 
attached  to  Longstreet's  Corps,  under  Major-General  Hood. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  155 

Forty-first  Tennessee,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  D.  Tillman. 

Fiftieth  Tennessee,  Colonel  C.  A.  Sugg-,  Lieutenant-Colonel  T.  W. 
Beaumont,  Major  C.  W.  Robertson,  and  Colonel  C.  H.  Walker.  C^) 

First  Tennessee  Battalion,  Majors  S.  H.  Colms  and  C.  W.  Robert- 
son. (/) 

Seventh  Texas,  Major  K.  M.  Vanzandt. 

Bledsoe's  (Mo.)  Battery,  Lieutenant  R.  L.  Wood. 

McNair's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  E.  McNair. 
Colonel  D.  Coleman. 

First  Arkansas  Mounted  Rifles,  Colonel  Robert  W.  Harper. 
Second  Arkansas  Mounted  Rifles,  Colonel  James  A.  Williamson. 
Twenty-fifth  Arkansas,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Eli  Hufstedler. 
Fourth  and   Thirty-first   Arkansas    Infantry  and    Fourth    Arkansas 

Battalion  (consolidated).  Major  J.  A.  Ross. 
Thirty-ninth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  D.  Coleman. 
Culpeper's  (S.  C.)  Battalion,  Captain  J.  F.  Culpeper. 

LONGSTREET'S   CORPS.(a) 

Major-General  John  B.  Hood. 

m'laws'  division. 

Brigadier- General  J.  B.  Kershaw. 
Major-General  Lafayette  McLaws. 

Kershaiv's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  J.  B.  Kershaw. 
Second  South  Carolina,  Lieutenant- Colonel  F.  Gaillard. 
Third  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  D.  Nance. 
Seventh  South  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Elbert  Bland,  Major  J. 

S.  Hard,  and  Captain  E.  J.  Goggans. 
Eighth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  J.  W.  Henagan. 
Fifteenth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  Joseph  F.  Gist. 
Third  South  Carolina  Battalion,  Captain  J.  M.  Townsend. 


((f)  Third  Tennessee. 

(/)  Fiftieth  Tennessee. 

(fl)  Army  of  Northern  Virginia.     Organization  taken  from  return  of  that 
army  for  August  31,  1863.     Pickett's  division  was  left  in  Virginia. 


156  Southe?'n  Historical  Society  Paperb. 

Wofford' s  Brigade. {a) 

Brigadier-General  W.  T.  Woftbrd. 
Sixteenth  Georgia. 
Eighteenth  Georgia. 
Twenty-fourth  Georgia. 
Third  Georgia  Battalion  (sharpshooters). 
Cobb's  (Georgia)  Legion. 
PhilHps's  (Georgia)  Legion. 

Humphreys'  s  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  B.  G.  Humphreys. 

Thirteenth  Mississippi. 
Seventeenth  Mississippi. 
Eighteenth  Mississippi. 
Twenty-first  Mississippi. 

Bryan's  Brigade.{b) 
Brigadier-General  Goode  Bryan. 
Tenth  Georgia. 
Fiftieth  Georgia. 
Fifty-first  Georgia. 
Fifty-third  Georgia. 

hood's  division. 

Major-General  John  B.  Hood. 
Brigadier-General  E.  M.  Law. 

Jenkins's  Brigade,  (b) 
Brigadier-General  M.  Jenkins. 
First  South  Carolina. 
Second  South  Carolina  Rifles. 
Fifth  South  Carolina. 
Sixth  South  Carolina. 
Hampton  Legion. 
Palmetto  Sharpshooters. 

(a)  Longstreet's  report  indicates  that  tiiese  brigades  did  not  arrive  in  time 
to  take  part  in  the  battle. 

{b)  Did  not  arrive  in  time  to  take  j^art  in  the  battle.    Jenkins's  brigade 
assigned  to  the  division  September  nth,  1863. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  157 

Law's  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  E.  M.  Law — Colonel  J.  I..  Sheffield. 
Fourth  Alabama. 

Fifteenth  Alabama,  Colonel  W.  C.  Oates. 
Forty-fourth  Alabama. 
Forty-seventh  Alabama. 
Forty-eighth  Alabama. 

Robertson' s  Brigade,  (d) 
Brigadier-General  J.  B.  Robertson— Colonel  Van  H.  Manning. 
Third  Arkansas,  Colonel  Van  H.  Manning. 
First  Texas,  Captain  R.  J.  Harding. 

Fourth  Texas,  Colonel  John  P.  Bane  and  Captain  R.  H.  Bassett. 
Fifth  Texas,  Major  J.  C.  Rogers  and   Captains  J.  S.  Cleveland  and 
T.  T.  Clay. 

A7iderso7i  s  Brigade,  {c) 

Brigadier-General  George  T.  Anderson. 
Seventh  Georgia. 
Eighth  Georgia. 
Ninth  Georgia. 
Eleventh  Georgia. 
Fifty-ninth  Georgia. 

Benniiig's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  H.  L.  Benning. 
Second  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  William  S.  Shepherd  and  Major 

W.  W.  Charlton, 
Fifteenth  Georgia,  Colonel  D,  M.  DuBose  and  Major  P.  J.  Shannon. 
Seventeenth  Georgia,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Charles  W.  Matthews. 
Twentieth  Georgia,  Colonel  J.  D.  Waddell. 

CORPS    ARTILLERY,  {c) 

Colonel  E.  Porter  Alexander. 

Fickling's  (South  Carolina)  Battery. 
Jordan's  (Virginia)  Battery. 
Moody's  (Louisiana)  Battery. 
Parker's  (Virginia)  Battery. 
Taylor's  (Virginia)  Battery. 
Woolfolk's  (Virginia)  Battery. 

(flf)  Served  part  of  the  time  in  Johnson's  provisional  division. 
\,c)  Did  not  arrive  in  time  to  take  part  in  the  batde.    Jenkins's  brigade  as- 
signed to  the  division  September  ii,  1863. 


158  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

RESERVE  ARTILLERY  ARMY  OF  TENNESSEE. 

Major  Felix  H.  Robertson. 

Barret's  (Missouri)  Battery. 
Le  Gardeur's  (Louisiana)  Battery. (a) 
Havis's  (Alabama)  Battery. 
Lumsden's  (Alabama)  Battery. 
Massenburg's  (Georgia)  Battery. 

CAVALRY.(^) 

Major-General  Joseph  Wheeler. 

Wharton's  division. 

Brigadier-General  John  A.  Wharton. 
First  Brigade. 

Colonel  C.  C.  Crews. 
Seventh  Alabama. 
Second  Georgia. 
Third  Georgia. 
Fourth  Georgia,  Colonel  L  W.  Avery. 

Seco7id  Brigade. 
Colonel  T.  Harrison. 
Third  Confederate,  Colonel  W.  N.  Estes. 
First  Kentucky,  Lieutenant  Colonel  J.  W.  Griffith. 
Fourth  Tennessee,  Colonel  Paul  F.  Anderson. 
Eighth  Texas. 
Eleventh  Texas. 
White's  (Georgia)  Battery. 

martin's  division. 
Brigadier-General  W.  T.  Martin. 

First  Brigade. 
Colonel  J.  T.  Morgan. 
First  Alabama. 
Third  Alabama,  Lieutenant- Colonel  T.  H.  Mauldin. 


(a)  Not  mentioned  in  the  reports,  but  in  Reserve  Artillery  August  31st,  and 
Captain  Le  Gardeur,  &c.,  relieved  from  duty  in  Army  of  Tennessee  Novem- 
ber ist,  1863. 

(<&)From  return  of  August  31st,  1863,  and  reports. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  Tennessee.  159 

Fifty-First  Alabama. 
Eighth  Confederate. 

Second  Brigade. 
Colonel  A.  A.  Russell. 
Fourth  Alabama. (V) 

First  Confederate,  Colonel  W.  B.  Wade. 
Wiggins's  (Arkansas)  Battery. 

roddey's  brkmde. 
Brigadier-General  P.  D.  Roddey. 

Fourth  Alabama, (c)  Lieutenant-Colonel  William  A.  Johnson. 

Fifth  Alabama. 

Fifty-Third  Alabama. 

Forrest's  (Tennessee)  Regiment. 

Ferrell's  (Georgia)  Battery. 

FORREST'S  CORPS. 

Brigadier-General  N.  B.  Forrest. 

Armstrong's  division. (a) 

Brigadier-General  F.  C.  Armstrong. 
Ar7nstro7ig's  Brigade. 
Colonel  J.  T.  Wheeler. 
Third  Arkansas. 
First  Tennessee. 
Eighteenth  Tennessee  Battalion,  Major  Charles  McDonald. 

Forrest's  Brigade. 

Colonel  G.  G.  Dibrell. 
Fourth  Tennessee,  Colonel  W.  S.  McLemore. 
Eighth  Tennessee,  Captain  Hamilton  McGinnis. 
Ninth  Tennessee,  Colonel  J.  B.  Biffle. 
Tenth  Tennessee,  Colonel  N.  N.  Cox. 
Eleventh  Tennessee,  Colonel  D.  W.  Holman. 
Shaw's  (or  Hamilton's)  Battalion(?),  Major  J,  Shaw. 

{c)Two  regiments  of  the  same  designation.     Lieutenant-Colonel  Johnson 
commanded  that  in  Roddey's  brigade, 
(rt)  From  return  for  August  31st,  1S63,  and  reports. 


160  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Freeman's  (Tennessee)  Battery,  Captain  A.  L   Huggins. 
Morton's  (Tennessee)  Battery,  Captain  John  W.  Morton. 

pegram's  division.(<^) 
Brigadier-General  John  Pegram. 

Davidson  s  Brigade. 
Brigadier-General  H.  B.  Davidson. 
First  Georgia. 

Sixth  Georgia,  Colonel  John  R.  Hart. 
Sixth  North  Carolina. 
Rucker's  Legion. 
Huwald's  (Tennessee)  Battery. 

Scott's  Brigade. 

Colonel  J.  S.  Scott. 
Tenth  Confederate,  Colonel  C.  T.  Goode. 

Detachment  of  Morgan's  command,  Lieutenant-Colonel  R.  M.  Martin. 
First  Louisiana. 
Second  Tennessee. 
Fifth  Tennessee. 
Twelfth  Tennessee  Battalion. 

Sixteenth  Tennessee  Battalion,  Captain  J.  O.  Arnold. 
Louisiana  Battery,  (one  section.) 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter. 
By  Lieutenant  Iredell  Jones,  of  First  Regimefit  South  Carolina  Regulars. 

Fort  Sumter,  August  12th,  1883. 

*  *  This  morning  the  enemy  opened  on  the  Fort  with  a  200- 
pound  Parrott  gun  and  shelled  us  rapidly  for  about  one  hour  and  a 
half  with,  we  all  admit,  the  greatest  accuracy,  and  also  with  consid- 
erable damage.  A  steamer  at  the  wharf  was  almost  torn  to  pieces  by 
a  single  shot,  which,  entering  at  the  bow,  raked  her  fore  and  aft, 
penetrating  the  boiler  and  bursting  the  machinery  into  fragments, 
besides  scalding  several  negroes  severely.  Another  unlucky  (or 
lucky,  as  you  may  be  pleased  to  call  it)  shot,  found  its  way  to  our 

(d)  Taken  from  Pegram's  and  Scott's  reports  and  assignments,  but  the 
composition  of  this  division  is  uncertain. 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  161 

bake-house  and  tore  up  the  bake-oven.     Several  others  played  the 
wild  in  the  company  quarters,  but  fortunately  nobody  has  been  hurt. 

I  went  over  to  Battery  Wagner  yesterday  evening,  on  duty.  The 
enemy  have  extended  their  approaches  to  within  six  hundred  yards 
of  the  Battery.  Night  before  last,  however,  we  used  grape  and  can- 
ister on  their  most  advanced  work  and  drove  them  off,  but  I  under- 
stand they  worked  considerably  last  night.  They  have  now  reached 
the  extreme  end  of  the  sand  hills,  and  the  remaining  portion  of  ground 
over  which  or  through  which  they  have  to  advance  is  a  low,  open,  level 
plain,  very  much  exposed  to  flank  fire,  and  it  will  be  many  times 
more  difficult  for  them  to  advance  farther  now  than  it  has  been  for 
them  to  reach  the  position  they  already  occupy.  Our  men  on  the 
Island  are  in  fine  spirits.  They  have  learned  to  perfection  that  lovely 
art,  familiarly  known  to  all  those  who  have  had  occasion  to  appreciate 
it,  as  the  "art  of  dodging."  The  artillery  remain  in  the  Battery;  the 
infantry  support  grabble  holes  in  the  sand  hills  this  side,  and  then 
they  sit  all  day  long  watching  that  hateful  puff  of  smoke.  When 
they  see  it,  like  prairie  dogs,  they  pop  down.  When  all  is  over,  the 
hills  are  alive  again,  and  the  glorious  Confederates  who  but  just  now 
mingled  with  pleasure  with  "fiddlers"  and  "sand  crabs,"  now  rise 
up  to  the  dignity  of  their  species  and  can  be  seen  brushing  their 
clothing  and  shaking  sand  out  of  their  locks.  At  the  Battery  the 
men  are  in  high  spirits,  always  cracking  jokes  and  laughing  while 
the  shelling  is  going  on.  They  have  watched  the  enemy's  batteries 
so  much  until  they  know  each  gun  and  have  a  name  for  each.  They 
have  the  utmost  contempt  for  a  Whitworth  or  Parrott  shot,  and  pay 
no  regard  to  them  whatever;  but  I  can  tell  you  when  they  hear  the 
words,  "Look  out,  mortar!"  you  can  see  a  long  train  of  Generals, 
Colonels,  Majors,  Captains,  Lieutenants,  privates,  quartermasters, 
commissary  and  ordnance  officers  all  walking  as  if  they  would  like 
to  go  faster,  into  the  bomb-proof.  The  enemy  have  some  little  mor- 
tars that  shoot  shrapnel  shells,  and  with  these  they  do  a  good  deal  of 
damage.  The  sharpshooters  on  both  sides  keep  up  a  constant  duel. 
Whenever  a  man  shows  his  head  over  the  parapet  at  the  Batterv,  he 
is  sure  to  get  a  shot  at  him.  And  they  are  constantly  practicing  all 
kinds  of  tricks,  such  as  holding  up  their  hats  on  sticks  to  be  shot 
at,  &c. 

Evidently  the  object  of  the  enemy  is   now  to  endeavor  to   take 
Wagner  by  gradual  approaches,  and  ours  seems  to  be  to  dispute 
every  inch  of  ground.     General  Beauregard  was  here  again  yester 
day  evening.     The  enemy  are  far  ahead  of  us  in  skill  and  energy. 
2 


162  Southern  Histoi'ical  Society  Papers. 

In  an  open  field  fight  I  believe  we  can  whip  them  with  any  sorl  ot 
showing,  but  when  you  come  to  regular  operations  requiring  en- 
gineering skill,  we  can't  compare  with  them.  But  the  want  of  energy 
in  this  department,  on  our  side,  has  surely  been  unpardonable.  But 
I  have  already  said  too  much  on  this  subject,  and  I  forbear.  I  have 
always  thought  that  it  was  no  part  of  private  citizens,  much  less  of 
officers,  to  keep  constantly  abusing  our  Generals  because  they  hap- 
pen to  be  unsuccessful.  It  is  easy  to  say  how  a  thing  should  have 
been  done  after  one  of  two  ways  has  failed,  and  it  too  often  happens 
that  we  are  unacquainted  with  the  circumstances.  The  truth  is,  we 
are  too  much  influenced  in  our  opinions  by  disappointed  hopes. 

I  have  no  fears  for  Charleston.  Nothing  that  I  have  seen  induces 
me  to  entertain  them.  I  cannot  express  to  you  the  pride  I  feel  in 
and  the  love  I  entertain  for  the  old  city,  the  glorious  mother  of  free- 
dom. 

The  work  is  going  on  in  the  fort  very  rapidly.  All  the  casemates 
of  the  two  sides  facing  the  Island  are  filled  up  with  cotton  bales  and 
sand,  and  the  engineer  is  now  engaged  in  building  traverses  on  the 
Battery  and  putting  up  sand-bags  on  the  outside  of  the  gorge,  or  the 
side  of  the  fort  through  which  the  old  Sally-Port  came.  The  base  of 
the  sand-bags,  extending  out  from  the  wall,  will  be  twenty -four  feet, 
out  to  the  edge  of  the  wharf,  and  they  can  be  built  up  entirely  to  the 
top  of  the  parapet.  All  the  important  guns  have  been  moved  out  of 
the  fort,  and  their  places  filled  with  dummies,  or  sham-guns,  of  the  . 
Brooke's  pattern.  *  '•'  *  *  * 

It  is  now  9  o'clock  P.  M.  I  was  unable  to  finish  my  letter  this 
morning.  The  enemy  opened  on  us  again  about  4  o'clock  this 
evening  with  the  same  200-pound  Parrott,  at  a  distance  of  three  and 
a-half  miles,  and  I  venture  to  say  the  world  never  witnessed  better 
shooting.  It  is  a  rare  thing  they  miss  the  Fort.  We  have  not  re- 
plied to-day,  owing  to  the  Brooke  gun  being  slightly  out  of  order. 
To-morrow  we  will  feel  them  a  little.  The  casualties  to  day  were 
three  men  wounded,  two  severely,  and  young  Rice,  of  the  signal 
corps,  who  was  in  college  with  me,  was  knocked  down  by  a  brick-bat. 
The  only  damage  done  was  one  gun-carriage  disabled  and  a  dummy 
dismounted.  ***** 

Ever  yours,  &c., 

Iredell  Jones. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  163 

The  Story  of  the  Arkansas. 

By  Geor(;e  W.  Gift. 

No.  3. 

Our  arrival  at  Vicksburg  was  hailed  with  delight  by  all  the  army. 
The  officers  came  on  board  to  see  the  marks  of  the  struggle,  whilst 
squads  of  eager  privates  collected  on  the  bank  to  get  a  near  view  of 
the  wonderful  craft  which  had  just  stood  so  much  hammering.  This 
attracted  a  daring  band  of  sharpshooters  to  the  other  bank,  and  we 
were  forced  to  open  with  our  heavy  guns  to  disperse  them,  which  was 
easily  accomplished  by  half  a  dozen  discharges.  The  enemy  below 
showed  decided  signs  of  demoralization.  A  mortar-boat  which  had 
been  allowed  to  get  aground  was  hastily  set  on  fire  and  blown  up.  A 
sea-going  vessel  (commanded  by  Craven),  left  to  guard  the  transports, 
sprung  her  broadside  athwart  the  stream  to  be  ready  for  an  attack. 
Everything  got  up  steam  and  Porter's  flag-boat  opened  with  a  hun- 
dred-pounder Parrott  gun  in  a  spiteful,  angry  fashion,  throwing  her 
shot  over  and  beyond  us.  If  we  had  had  a  smoke-stack,  and  proper 
boiler  fronts,  and  good  engines,  and  a  new  crew,  and  many  other 
things,  how  we  would  have  made  a  smash  of  those  fellows !  But  as 
our  smoke-stack  was  so  riddled,  the  draft  was  destroyed,  and  as  our 
engines  were  troublesome,  faulty  affairs,  and  our  crew  were  nearly  all 
killed,  wounded,  or  used  up,  we  had  to  bide  where  we  were,  and  see 
this  chance  slip  away  from  us.  Read  cast  many  longing  glances 
down  the  river,  and  I  think  would  have  been  perfectly  willing  to  un- 
dertake the  task,  broken  down  as  we  were.  But  there  is  a  limit  to 
human  endurance;  we  could  do  no  more,  and  we  rested.  During  the 
day  the  telegraph  informed  Captain  Brown  that  he  had  been  promoted 
to  the  rank  of  Commander,  and  we  were  thanked  from  Richmond  for 
our  brilliant  achievement.  Our  dead  were  removed  on  shore  for  burial 
and  our  wounded  were  taken  to  an  army  hospital.  As  soon  as  we 
arrived  at  Vicksburg  the  detachment  of  soldiers  left  us  to  rejoin  their 
command,  which  reduced  our  force  to  a  very  low  ebb.  As  well  as  we 
could,  we  put  the  ship  to  rights,  and  the  day  wore  away.  As  soon  as 
dark  began  to  set  in  it  was  evident  that  the  enemy  meant  mischief. 

Everything  was  under  way,  and  soon  the  guns  from  the  upper  battery 
opened  quick  and  sharp,  to  be  replied  to  by  the  broadsides  of  the  heavy 
ships  coming  down — the  Richmond  (Alden)  leading.  Our  plucky 
men  were  again  at  their  quarters,  and  steam  was  ready,  should  we  be 


164  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

compelled  to  cast  off  and  take  our  chances  in  the  stream  against  both 
fleets.  About  that  time  things  looked  prettty  blue.  It  is  true  that 
we  were  under  the  batteries  of  Vicksburg,  but  practically  we  had  as 
well  have  been  a  hundred  miles  from  there.  The  guns  were  perched 
on  the  high  hills;  they  were  not  provided  with  sights,  and  if  ever 
they  hit  anything  it  was  an  accident  or  the  work  of  one  of  Brooke's 
rifles.*  This  we  well  knew,  and  stripped  this  time  for  what  we  sup- 
posed would  be  a  death  struggle.  The  sea-going  fleet  of  Farragut 
was  to  pass  down,  drag  out  and  literally  mob  us ;  whilst  the  iron-clad 
squadron  of  Davis  was  to  keep  the  batteries  engaged.  Down  they 
came,  steaming  slowly  and  steadily,  and  seemed  to  be  on  the  look- 
out for  us.  But  they  had  miscalculated  their  time.  The  darkness- 
which  partially  shrouded  them  from  the  view  of  the  army  gunners 
completely  shut  us  out  from  their  sight,  inasmuch  as  our  sides  were 
the  color  of  rust  and  we  lay  under  a  red  bank;  consequently,  the  first 
notice  they  had  of  our  whereabouts  came  from  our  guns  as  they 
crossed  our  line  of  fire,  and  then  it  was  too  late  to  attempt  to  check 
up  and  undertake  to  grapple  with  us.  They  came  by  singly,  each  to 
get  punished,  as  our  men  were  again  feeling  in  excellent  spirits.  The 
Hartford  stood  close  in  to  the  bank,  and  as  we  spit  out  our  broadside 
at  her,  she  thundered  back  with  an  immense  salvo.  Our  bad  luck 
had  not  left  us.  An  eleven-inch  shot  pierced  our  side  a  few  inches 
above  the  water-line,  and  passed  through  the  engine-room,  killing 
two  men  outright  (cutting  them  both  in  two)  and  wounding  six  or 
eight  others.  The  medicines  of  the  ship  were  dashed  into  the 
engine-room,  and  the  debris  from  the  bulkheads  and  splinters  from 
the  side  enveloped  the  machinery.  The  shot  bedded  itself  so  far  in 
the  opposite  side  that  its  position  could  be  told  by  the  bulging  pro- 
tuberance outside.  On  account  of  my  disabled  arm  I  had  turned 
over  my  division  to  Scales,  and  remained  with  Captain  Brown  on  the 
platform.  To  be  a  spectator  of  such  a  scene  was  intensely  interest- 
ing and  exciting.  The  great  ships  with  their  towering  spars  came 
sweeping  by,  pouring  out  broadside  after  broadside,  whilst  the  bat- 
teries from  the  hills,  the  mortars  from  above  and  below,  and  the  iron- 
clads, kept  the  air  alive  with  hurtling  missiles  and  the  darkpess 
lighted  up  by  burning  fuses  and  bursting  shells.  On  our  gun-deck 
every  man  and  ofiicer  worked  as  though  the  fate  of  the  nation  hung 
on  his  individual  efforts.  Scales  was  very  near,  and  I  could  hear  his 
clear  voice   continually.     He   coaxed   and   bullied   alternately,  and 

*  Not  then  in  position  at  Vicksburg. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  1 65 

finally,  when  he  saw  his  object  in  line,  his  voice  rose  as  clear  as  a  bell, 
and  his  "ready!  fire!"  rang  out  like  a  bugle  note.  The  last  vessel 
which  passed  us  was  that  commanded  by  Nichols  ("  Hricktop";  and 
she  got  one  of  our  shots  in  her  out-board  delivery.  He  pivoted  his 
eleven  inch  gun  to  starboard,  heeled  his  vessel  to  keep  the  leak  above 
water,  and  drifted  past  the  batteries  without  further  damage. 

We  had  more  dead  and  wounded,  another  hole  through  our  armor 
and  heaps  of  splinters  and  rubbish  Three  separate  battles  had  been 
fought  and  we  retired  to  anything  but  easy  repose.  One  of  our  mess- 
mates in  the  ward-room  (a  pilot)  had  asserted  at  supper  that  he  would 
not  again  pass  through  the  ordeal  of  the  morning  for  the  whole 
world.  His  mangled  body,  collected  in  pieces  was  now  on  the  gun- 
deck  ;  another  had  been  sent  away  to  the  hospital  with  a  mortal 
hurt.  The  steerage  mess  was  short  four  or  five  members,  whilst  on 
the  berth  deck  many  poor  fellows  would  never  again  range  themselves 
about  the  mess-cloth.  However,  amidst  all  this  blood  and  damage 
this  thought  zvould  come  up  :  If  there  had  been  two  or  three  more  of 
us — or  even  our  consort,  which  was  burned  on  the  stocks — what  a 
difference  there  would  have  been.  As  sure  as  the  sun  rose  on  that 
bright  July  morning  we  would  have  captured  every  vessel  opposed  to 
us.  Why  were  there  not  more?  We  will  explain  that  before  we  get 
through.     Our  next  battle  occurred  a  week  later. 

The  enemy  now  had  a  fleet  above  and  below  us,  and  though  foiled 
and  angry  he  made  no  immediate  active  effort  to  do  us  more  harm, 
other  than  to  shell  us  incessantly  by  day,  and  once  by  night,  with 
mortar  shells.  Half  a  dozen  or  more  thirteen  inch  mortars  kept  mis- 
siles continually  in  the  air,  directed  at  us.  We  were  twice  struck  by 
fragments  — otherwise  the  business  was  very  harmless.  Some  days 
after  our  arrival  a  package  of  letters  were  received  at  General  \"an 
Dorn's  headquarters,  which  had  been  taken  from  a  captured  steamer. 
Those  from  navy  officers  were  sent  down  to  us,  and  a  number  were 
selected  and  sent  to  the  Appeal,  then  being  published  at  Grenada. 
As  the  files  are  yet  preserved  I  am  able  to  lay  them  before  my  readers. 
A  very  long  letter  from  the  paymaster  of  the  Richmond  to  his  wife, 
described  the  attack  of  the  Arkansas,  and  was  unsparing  on  Far- 
ragut  and  Davis,  accusing  them  of  incapacity  and  negligence,  remark- 
ing that  Porter  was  the  only  man  present  who  had  brains  as  well  as 
courage.  I  recollect  the  following  letters  well  and  can  vouch  for  their 
being  genuine  : 


!()()  Southeiii  Historical  Society  Papers. 

"U.  S.  St..  Richmond,  Mississippi  River,  July  i8,  1862. 

My  Dear  Joe, — On  the  morning  of  the  I5lh  of  July,  about  7  o'clock, 
we  were  suddenly  aroused,  and,  in  my  case,  awakened  by  the  sharp 
clicks  of  the  rattle.  The  first  words  I  heard  were,  "  the  Rebel  ram 
Arkansas  is  coming  down  upon  us."  Throwing  on  a  lew  clothes  I 
hastened  on  deck  to  ascertain  the  state  of  things.  Around  us  lay  the 
combined  power  of  Farragut's  and  Davis's  fleets.  Frigates,  gun- 
boats, iron-plated  boats,  wooden  rams  and  iron-cased  rams  were 
anchored  along  the  banks  for  a  mile  and  a-half.  And  slowly  steam- 
ing along  the  hollow  of  the  bend  in  the  river,  just  above  us,  was  a 
long,  low,  dull,  red,  floating  object.  She  showed  neither  flag,  [mis- 
take], nor  sign  of  life.  A  couple  of  gunboats  were  anchored  ahead 
of  us,  but  being  the  first  of  the  large  ships,  we  all  supposed  we  would 
be  the  first  object  of  attack.  Her  course  also  seemed  to  indicate  it. 
Two  yox\€)  of  our  gunboats  now  fired.  The  Arkansas  answered, 
taking  off  one  man's  head  and  wounding  three  others.  I  saw  her 
pass  the  gunboats.  I  looked  for  some  vessel  moving  to  attack  her. 
Not  one  stirred;  only  one  man  had  steam  up  on  his  vessel.  We  be- 
lieve he  could  have  sunk  her,  t^bosh!)  yet  he  did  not  move  a  finger, 
because  he  "  didn't  receive  orders."  Slowly,  steadily,  gallantly,  the 
Rebel  ram  kept  on  her  way,  as  though  she  belonged  to  us  and  was 
quietly  choosing  an  anchorage.  She  was  now  approaching  us,  and, 
as  all  the  rest  of  the  crew  had  been  at  their  quarters  some  time,  I  was 
obliged  to  go  to  mine.  I  sat  down  and  "coolly"  awaited  the  blow 
I  knew  must  sink  us.  In  a  few  minutes  our  guns  were  fired  in  quick 
succession.  I  waited,  but  no  crash  followed.  I  went  on  deck  and 
saw  the  ram  slowly  floating  below  uninjured.  Our  solid  wrought- 
iron  shot  had  been  shattered  to  pieces  against  her  sides.  (He  did 
not  know  as  much  about  that  as  we  did.)  The  Benton,  Hartford  and 
gunboats  below  poured  a  perfect  shower  of  balls  upon  her.  But  she 
was  adamant.  (He  was  frightened.)  It  did  not  even  hasten  her 
speed,  and  proudly  she  turned  a  point,  disappeared  from  sight  and 
anchored  under  the  batteries  at  Vicksburg.  I  doubt  whether  such  a 
feat  was  ever  before  accomplished,  and  whoever  commanded  her 
should  be  known  and  honored.  (This  from  the  enemy.)  The  morn- 
ing she  came  out,  the  Carondelet,  a  gunboat  (Tyler)  and  a  ram 
(Queen  of  the  West)  went  up  the  river  to  reconnoiter.  They  sud- 
denly met  the  Arkansas;  one  was  driven  ashore  (what  says  Mr. 
Walke?)  and  the  others  forced  to  retreat  down  the  river  with  heavy 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  167 

loss;  and  it  was  with  mingled  curses  and   admiration   we  saw   her 
come  chasing  them  down  the  river.  :?:*** 

Johnnie." 

ANOTHER. 

"  The  great  rebel  iron-clad  Arkansas  came  down  the  river  on  the 
morning  of  the  15th  and  passed  the  whole  fleet,  and  is  now  under 
the  batteries  at  Vicksburg.  *  *  We  were  the  head  ship  except 
the  hospital  boat  and  river  steamers.  One  of  Davis's  rams  came 
around  our  stern  to  give  her  a  butt  as  she  passed  (she  was  called  the 
Lancaster),  but  unfortunately  a  shot  from  the  rebel  entered  the  Lan- 
caster's boiler,  and  such  a  sight  I  never  saw  before.  Not  ten  yards 
from  our  ship  the  scalded  wretches  threw  themselves  into  the  water. 
Some  of  them  never  rose  to  the  surface  again.  I  turned  around  and 
there  was  the  Arkansas  coming  down  very  leisurely,  when  we  let  fly 
a  broadside  of  fourteen  guns  loaded  with  solid  shot,  each  weighing 
no  pounds.  For  an  instant  we  could  not  see  anything  but  smoke. 
The  next  instant  I  looked  again,  and  she  had  passed  as  if  nothing 
had  fired  at  her.  All  the  damage  done,  that  I  could  see,  was  that 
part  of  her  bow  was  knocked  off.  (The  ram  was  broken.)  Each 
vessel  fired  at  her  as  she  passed,  not  more  than  thirty  yards  distant. 
*'  *  Steam  was  got  up  on  all  the  fleet.  Our  ship  was  picked  out 
to  run  into  the  Arkansas  and  board  her  at  all  hazards.  The  mortars 
opened  on  the  town  instantly.  The  Richmond  took  the  lead ;  then 
came  the  Iroquois,  Oneida  (lost  in  Yokohoma  Bay  in  1870),  Hart- 
ford, Sumter,  and  two  other  gunboats  which  were  to  pass  the  city  and 
fight  the  ram." 

I  have  reproduced  these  letters  to  show  that  the  account  I  have 
already  given  was  not  exaggerated.  Let  us  now  proceed  with  our 
narrative.  We  were  dealing  with  a  bold  and  confident  enemy,  deter- 
mined to  take  some  desperate  chances  to  compass  our  destruction. 
As  the  reader  already  knows  our  crew  was  fearfully  used  up  on  the 
15th.  Daily  we  sent  more  men  to  the  hospital,  suffering  with  mala- 
rious diseases,  until  we  had  not  in  a  week  more  than  thirty  sea- 
men, ordinary  seamen  and  landsmen,  and  I  think  but  four  or  five 
firemen.  Many  of  the  younger  officers  had  also  succumbed  ;  those 
of  us  who  were  left  were  used  up  also.  We  slept  below,  with  our 
clothes  on,  in  an  atmosphere  so  heated  by  the  steam  of  the  engines 
as  to  keep  one  in  a  constant  perspiration.  No  more  men  were  to  be 
had.     It  was  disheartening  enough   to  see  a  ship  which  but  a  week 


168  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

before  was  the  pride  of  the  country  now  almost  deserted.  On  the 
morning  of  the  22d  of  July,  a  week  after  our  arrival,  we  were 
awakened  early  in  the  morning  by  the  drum  calling  us  to  quarters. 
Great  commotion  was  observed  in  the  fleet  above.  Everything 
seemed  under-way  again,  and  it  was  evident  that  we  were  soon  to 
have  another  brush.  On  our  decks  were  not  men  enough  to  man 
two  guns,  and  not  firemen  enough  to  keep  steam  up  if  we  were  forced 
into  the  stream!  Rather  a  doleful  outlook!  We  were  moored  to 
the  bank,  head  up  the  river,  as  a  matter  of  course  The  fires  under 
the  boilers  were  hastened,  and  every  possible  preparation  made  for 
resistance.  In  a  few  minutes  we  observed  the  iron-clad  steamer  Essex 
("  Dirty  Bill  Porter"  commanding)  steaming  around  the  point  and 
steering  for  us.  The  upper  battery  opened,  but  she  did  not  reply. 
Grimball  unloosed  his  Columbiad,  but  she  did  not  stop.  I  followed, 
hitting  her  fair,  but  still  she  persevered  in  sullen  silence.  Her  plan 
was  to  run  into  and  shove  us  aground,  when  her  consort,  the  Queen 
of  the  West,  was  to  follow  and  but  a  hole  in  us ;  and  thus  the  dreaded 
ram  was  to  be  made  way  with.  On  she  came  like  a  mad  bull,  nothing 
daunted  or  overawed.  As  soon  as  Captain  Brown  got  a  fair  view  of 
her,  followed  at  a  distance  by  the  Queen,  he  divined  her  intent,  and 
seeing  that  she  was  as  square  across  the  bow  as  a  flatboat  or  scow, 
and  we  were  as  sharp  as  a  wedge,  he  determined  at  once  to  foil  her 
tactics.  Slacking  off  the  hawser  which  held  our  head  to  the  bank, 
he  went  ahead  on  the  starboard  screw,  and  thus  our  sharp  prow  was 
turned  directly  for  her  to  hit  against.  This  disconcerted  the  enemy 
and  destroyed  his  plan.  A  collision  would  surely  cut  him  down  and 
leave  us  uninjured.  All  this  time  we  had  not  been  idle  spectators. 
The  two  Columbiads  had  been  ringing  on  his  front  and  piercing  him 
every  shot;  to  which  he  did  not  reply  until  he  found  that  the  shoving 
game  was  out  of  the  question.  Then,  and  when  not  more  than  fifty 
yards  distant,  he  triced  up  his  three  bow  port-shutters  and  poured 
out  his  fire.  A  nine-inch  shot  struck  our  armor  a  few  inches  forward 
of  the  unlucky  forward  port,  and  crawling  along  the  side  entered. 
Seven  men  were  killed  outright  and  six  wounded.  Splinters  flew  in 
all  directions.  In  an  instant  the  enemy  was  alongside,  and  his  mo- 
mentum was  so  great  that  he  ran  aground  a  short  distance  astern  of 
us.  As  he  passed  we  poured  out  our  port  broadside,  and  as  soon  as 
the  stern  rifles  could  be  cleared  of  the  splinters  and  broken  stanchions 
and  woodwork,  which  had  been  driven  the  whole  length  of  the  gun- 
box,  we  went  ahead  on  our  port  screw  and  turned  our  stern  guns  on 
him,  and  every  man — we  had  but  seventeen  left — and  officer  went  to 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  169 

them.  As  he  passed  he  did  not  fire,  nor  did  he  whilst  we  were  rid- 
dHng  him  close  aboard.  His  only  effort  was  to  get  away  from  us.  He 
backed  hard  on  his  engines  and  finally  got  off;  but  getting  a  shot  in  his 
machinery  just  as  he  got  afloat,  he  was  compelled  to  fioat  down  stream 
and  join  the  lower  fleet,  which  he  accomplished  without  damage  from 
the  batteries  on  the  hills.  He  fired  only  the  three  shots  mentioned. 
But  oiiv  troubles  were  not  over.  We  had  scarcely  shook  this  fellow 
off  before  we  were  called  to  the  other  end  of  the  ship — we  ran  from 
one  gun  to  another  to  get  ready  for  a  second  attack.  The  Queen 
was  now  close  to  us,  evidently  determined  to  ram  us.  The  guns  had 
been  fired  and  were  now  empty  and  inboard.  Somehow  \nq  got  them 
loaded  and  run  out,  and  by  the  time  she  had  commenced  to  round  to. 
I  am  not  sure,  but  I  think  we  struck  her  with  the  Columbiads  as  she 
came  down,  but  at  all  events  the  broadside  was  ready.  Captain 
Brown  adopted  the  plan  of  turning  his  head  to  her  also,  and  thus  re- 
ceived her  blow  glancing.  She  came  into  us  going  at  an  enormous 
speed,  probably  fifteen  miles  and  hour,  and  I  felt  pretty  sure  that  our 
hour  had  struck.  I  had  hoped  to  blow  her  up  with  the  thirty-two- 
pounder  as  she  passed,  but  the  gun  bemg  an  old  one,  with  an  enlarged 
vent,  the  primer  drew  out  without  igniting  the  charge.  One  of  the 
men,  we  had  no  regular  gun's  crews  then,  every  man  was  expected 
to  do  ten  men's  duty,  replaced  it  and  struck  it  with  a  compressor 
lever ;  but  too  late ;  his  boilers  were  past,  and  the  shot  went  through 
his  cylinder  timbers  without  disabling  him.  His  blow,  though  glancing, 
was  a  heavy  one.  His  prow,  or  beak,  made  a  hole  through  our  side 
and  caused  the  ship  to  careen,  and  roll  heavily;  but  we  all  knew  in 
an  instant  that  no  serious  damage  had  been  done,  and  we  redoubled 
our  efforts  to  cripple  him  so  that  he  could  not  again  attempt  the  ex- 
periment. As  did  the  Essex,  so  he  ran  into  the  bank  astern  of  us, 
and  got  the  contents  of  the  stern  battery  ;  but  being  more  nimble 
than  she,  was  sooner  off  into  deep  water.  Returning  up  stream 
he  got  our  broadside  guns  again,  and  we  saw  that  he  had  no  disposi- 
tion to  engage  us  further.  As  he  passed  the  line  of  fire  of  the  bow 
guns  he  got  it  again,  and  I  distinctly  recollect  the  handsomest  shot  I 
ever  made  was  the  last  at  her.  He  was  nearly  a  mile  away,  and  I 
bowled  at  him  with  the  gun  lying  level.  It  ricochetted  four  or  five 
times  before  it  dropped  into  his  stern.  But  it  dropped  there.  As  I 
have  before  said,  the  Essex  was  drifting  down  stream  unmanageable, 
and  now  would  have  been  our  time  to  have  ended  her  in  sight  ot  both 
squadrons,  but  we  had  but  seventeen  men  and  they  well-nigh  ex- 
hausted.    Beating  otif  these  two  vessels,  under  the  circumstances,  was 


170  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  best  achievement  of  the  Arkansas.  That  we  were  under  the  bat- 
teries of  Vicksburg  did  not  amount  to  anything.  I  do  not  believe 
that  either  vessel  was  injured  by  an  army  gun  that  day.  We  were 
left  to  our  fate,  and  if  we  had  been  lost  it  would  have  been  no 
unusual  or  une.xpected  thing.  The  Essex  used,  in  one  of  her  guns 
that  day,  projectiles  that  were  probably  never  used  before,  to- wit : 
Marbles  that  boys  used  for  playing.  We  picked  up  a  hundred  un- 
broken ones  on  our  forecastle.  There  were  "white-allies,"  "chinas," 
and  some  glass  marbles.  I  wish  the  naval  reader  to  understand  that 
the  Essex  did  not  return  the  fire  as  she  lay  alongside  us,  did  not  at- 
tempt to  board,  although  he  had  a  picked  crew  for  that  purpose,  and 
fired  but  three  guns  in  the  fight,  and  thereafter  kept  her  ports  closed. 
Brown,  no  longer  able  to  play  the  lion,  assumed  the  role  of  the  fox 
with  consummate  skill. 


Sketch  of  the  Third  Maryland  Artillery. 

By  Captain  William  L.  Ritter. 

RETREAT    FROM    NASHVILLE. 

Now  commenced  one  of  the  most  disastrous  retreats  of  the  war. 
Seventy-two  pieces  of  artillery  were  lost  at  Nashville,  and  hundreds 
of  wagons  were  abandoned  for  want  of  mules  to  pull  them.  The 
roads  were  in  wretched  condition  in  consequence  of  the  inclemency 
of  the  weather.  The  heavy  rains  rendered  the  streams  almost  im- 
passible. Short  rations,  provender  and  clothing  added  much  to  the 
suffering  of  both  man  and  beast.  The  pelting  of  the  rain,  sleet  and 
snow  upon  the  backs  of  half  naked,  half  starved  men  as  they  marched 
day  and  night  before  a  relentless  foe  is  only  a  part  of  the  true  story. 
Many  mules  were  taken  from  the  ordnance  wagons  to  be  used  in 
the  pontoon  train. 

The  battalion  marched  to  Franklin  the  night  of  the  i6th  of  Decem- 
ber, 1864,  and  on  the  morning  of  the  i8th,  reached  Columbia,  where 
the  battalion  encamped  for  the  night.  The  next  day,  the  19th,  the 
retreat  was  resumed,  marching  all  day  and  the  greater  part  of  the 
night  through  rain  and  snow.  This  was  the  most  inclement  day  of 
the  retreat  and  the  most  intense  suffering  was  experienced  by  the 
entire  army.  Shoeless  men  marched  all  the  way  from  Nashville  to 
Mississippi,  without  any  protection  whatever  to  their  feet,  and  they 
only  can  describe  the  suffering  they  endured. 


Sketch  of  the  Third  Maryland  Artillery.  171 

On  the  25th  the  battaHon  arrived  at  the  Tennessee  river,  and  early 
the  next  morning  crossed  on  the  pontoon  bridge,  which  had  been 
thrown  across  the  day  and  night  previous.  The  river  was  very  much 
swoollen,  the  current  strong  and  tierce.  The  cable  rope  to  which  the 
pontoons  were  attached  was  very  much  curved  by  the  strong  current, 
but  the  ends  of  the  rope  were  securely  fastened  and  the  boats  kept  in 
position  until  the  army  crossed. 

For  several  days,  wagons,  artillery  and  troops  poured  in  a  stream 
across  this  bridge,  intermingled  almost  in  a  solid  mass,  and  the  exit 
kept  clear  in  order  that  no  time  might  be  lost  in  the  transit.  This 
part  of  the  retreat  was  admirably  managed,  and  much  credit  was  due 
the  engineers  who  had  it  in  charge. 

Two  batteries  of  Johnston's  battalion,  with  several  others,  were 
planted  on  the  river  bank  below  the  bridge,  to  prevent  the  enemy's 
gunboats  from  coming  up  while  the  army  was  crossing.  They  were 
poorly  protected,  and  suffered  considerably  from  the  unequal  contest, 
though  they  maintained  their  position. 

The  ordnance  train,  temporarily  under  the  command  of  Lieutenant 
Ritter,  arrived  at  Tuscumbia,  Ala.,  on  the  evening  of  the  26th,  where 
it  remained  three  days,  waiting  for  the  remainder  of  the  battalion. 
During  this  time  Lieutenant  J.  W.  Doncaster  was  in  command  of  the 
battery. 

Hood's  losses  from  the  20th  of  November  to  the  20th  of  Decem- 
ber, in  killed,  wounded  and  prisoners,  amounted  to  13,303  men, 
which,  deducted  from  25,538,  who  crossed  the  Tennessee  river  in 
November,  only  12,235  were  left  to  return  in  December.  Thus  it  will 
be  seen  that  he  lost  over  half  his  men,  and  in  arms  and  munitions 
about  in  the  same  proportion. 

Had  Thomas  possessed  the  ability  of  a  great  commander,  he  would 
have  captured  Hood's  whole  army,  as  he  out  numbered  him  almost 
four  to  one.  At  the  battle  of  Nashville  he  commanded  a  force  of 
55,000  men  against  16,697  under  Hood.  Hood  certainly  deserves 
the  credit  of  saving  the  remnant  of  his  command  against  such  odds, 
but  he  ought  to  have  withdrawn  after  the  battle  of  Franklin.  The 
loss  of  5,550  men  in  that  engagement  rendered  him  powerless  to 
prosecute  successfully  the  campaign  any  farther.  He  certainly  was 
aware  that  the  Federals  were  massing  troops  at  Nashville,  therefore 
it  was  only  a  question  of  time  when  he  would  be  driven  back,  and 
then  at  a  disadvantage. 

It  is  sad  to  think  of  the  brave  men,  who  crossed  into  Tennessee, 
there  to  find  a  soldier's  grave,  or  be  maimed  for  life,  especially  when 


172  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

it  is  remembered  that  this  move  was  perhaps  the  death  blow  to  the 
Confederate  cause. 

On  the  30th,  the  battaUon  started  for  Rienza,  Miss.  On  arriving 
there  orders  were  received  to  proceed  at  once  to  Columbus,  Miss., 
which  it  reached  January  loth,  1865,  and  camped  two  miles  east  of 
the  town. 

The  howitzer  brought  from  Columbia,  Tenn.,  by  the  battery,  was 
turned  over  to  the  ordnance  officer  at  Columbus,  Miss.,  as  no  howit- 
zers were  then  used  in  the  Army  of  Tennessee. 

On  the  20th,  Lieutenant  Ritter  was  promoted  to  the  captaincy  by 
the  following  special  order  : 

Headquarters,  Columbus,  Miss., 
January  20th,   1865. 
Special  Order,  No.  10  : 

The  following  promotion  is  announced,  the  officer  named  being 
deemed  competent  for  promotion  : 

First-Lieutenant  William  L.  Ritter,  of  the  Third  Maryland  Artil- 
lery, to  be  Captain,  from  December  i6th,  1S64,  to  fill  the  vacancy 
caused  by  the  death  of  Captain  John  B.  Rowan,  killed  December 
1 6th,  1864,  before  Nashville,  Tenn. 

By  command  of  Major  General  Elzey, 

William  Palfrey, 
Captain  and  Assistant- Adjutant. 

To  Captain  William  L.  Ritter, 

Through  Colonel  M   Smith  : 

General  Beauregard  made  a  request  of  General  Hood,  to  send 
his  son's  battery,  with  the  first  battalion  of  artillery  that  was  sent 
to  South  Carolina.  Johnston's  battalion  being  the  first  ordered  there, 
Captain  Beauregard's  battery  was  sent  with  it  instead  of  the  Third 
Maryland,  which  was  transferred  to  Cobb's  battalion,  Smith's  regi- 
ment of  artillery. 

On  the  25th,  the  battalion  was  ordered  two  miles  north  of  Colum- 
bus, on  the  east  side  of  the  river,  there  to  build  winter-quarters.  Just 
as  the  men  were  finishing  the  buildings  orders  wei'e  received  for  the 
battalion  to  proceed  at  once  to  Mobile,  Ala. 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  1 73 

The  Last  Chapter  in  the  History  of  Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina. 
By  F.  A.   Porch liK,  Preside7it  South  Carolina   Historical  Society. 

administration  of  d.   h.   chamberlain. 
Paper  No.    i. 

[We  deem  ourselves  fortunate  in  being  able  to  present  the  follow- 
ing- graphic  picture  of  "  Reconstruction,"  so  called,  in  South  Carolina, 
from  the  pen  of  the  accomplished  President  of  the  South  Carolina 
Historical  Society,  who  writes  of  what  he  himself  saw,  and  knew, 
and  felt.  We  only  regret  that  we  are  compelled  to  divide  this  inter- 
esting and  valuable  paper  into  several  numbers :] 

The  history  of  South  Carolina  during  the  period  of  Reconstruction, 
from  the  passage  of  that  act  of  revengeful  hatred,  until  the  liberation 
of  the  State  by  the  election  of  Governor  Hampton,  is  a  story  so  full 
of  horrors  that  it  is  not  easy  for  the  mind  to  imagine  its  reality;  and 
even  though  one  might  faithfully  report  the  enormities  which  were 
perpetrated  under  the  name  of  law,  (and  the  bare  mention  of  them 
would  fill  a  volume)  no  pen  can  portray  the  inner  life  of  the  people, 
the  bitter  mortification,  the  painfully  suppressed  indignation,  the 
harrowing  fears  which  daily  and  hourly  pressed  upon  them  and  made 
them  wonder  what  had  become  of  the  dear  and  gallant  old  State. 
The  corruption  and  outrages,  which,  in  happier  times,  were  never 
imagined  by  a  sane  mind,  had  now  become  so  familiar  that  they 
ceased  to  make  any  vivid  impression.  All  hope  was  extinguished, 
save  in  the  mysterious  providence  of  God;  even  the  faith  which 
dared  indulge  in  such  hope  was  feeble  and  timid,  and  ashamed  to 
acknowledge  itself.  Relief  came  at  last,  it  came  from  our  own  efforts 
aided  by  the  blessing  of  God;  and  now  that  the  evil  is  behind  us, 
now  that  we  can  again  feel  that  we  are  men,  and  freemen,  that  our 
country  is  our  own,  the  memory  of  the  past  is  like  a  hideous  dream. 
We  can  scarcely  persuade  even  ourselves  that  it  was  a  sad  reality,  and 
unless  well  attested,  positively  will  never  believe  that  the  story  we 
are  about  to  relate  is  a  sober  truth.  I  propose  to  devote  this  paper 
chiefly  to  the  administration  of  Chamberlain,  the  last  chapter  in  the 
history  of  Reconstruction.  It  alone,  to  be  properly  done,  calls  for  an 
amount  of  details  so  great  as  to  exclude  the  paper  from  this  maga- 
zine ;  to  other  hands,  therefore,  must  be  committed  this  whole  history 


174  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

of  Reconstruction,  and  even  this  story,  which  I  propose  to  give,  must 
be  curtailed  ol  many,  very  many,  of  its  details. 

When  the  war  came  to  an  end,  the  people  of  this  State,  regarding 
the  cause  as  lost,  accepted  the  situation  and  determined  to  Hve 
honestly  and  faithfully  in  conformity  with  it.  They  had  tried  the 
issue  of  arms,  and  had  failed  ;  they  had  lost  their  fortunes;  more  than 
hall  of  her  best  sons  had  laid  down  their  lives  for  the  cause  ;  the 
cause  was  lost,  but  they  still  might  exercise  their  manliness  and  seek 
their  fortunes  under  the  changed  aspect  of  affairs,  A  convention,  which 
had  been  called  by  Mr.  Perry,  the  Provisional  Governor  of  the  State, 
met  and  reorganized  the  State,  and  under  its  provisions  General  Orr 
was  elected  the  Governor,  and  Senators  and  Representatives  were 
elected  to  represent  the  State  in  Congress.  But,  though  it  had  been 
all  along  asserted  that  the  acts  of  secession  were  nullities,  when  the 
Representatives-elect  went  to  take  their  seats,  it  was  ascertained  that 
the  acts  were  not  nullities,  and  that  South  Carolina  could  have  no  rep- 
resentation until  a  new  constitution  should  be  made  for  her,  which  the 
sitting  members  of  the  Congress  should  approve.  To  bring  about  this 
desirable  state  of  things,  the  Southern  States  were  divided  into  seve- 
ral military  districts,  over  each  of  which  an  officer  was  appointed, 
with  all  the  powers  of  a  Persian  Satrap,  excepting  that  he  could 
not  take  away  the  life  of  a  citizen,  except  by  due  form  of  law. 
The  Satrap  appointed  over  this  State  was  General  Sickles,  who  had 
made  himself  infamous  by  the  assassination  of  Mr.  Key,  of  Wash- 
ington, for  improper  intimacy  with  his  wife,  and  afterwards  condoning 
her  infidelity.  Of  his  official  acts  I  have  no  special  recollection  ;  he 
was  always  ostentatiously  showing  his  vulgar  and  brutal  person, 
which  was  made  more  conspicuous  by  his  being  always  arrayed  in 
his  uniform.  In  this  respect  he  was  a  striking  contrast  to  his  succes- 
sor, who  seemed  always  to  wish  to  disguise  his  questionable  dignity 
of  a  Satrap  of  a  military  despotism,  under  the  modest  garb  and  de- 
meanor of  a  gentleman. 

The  first  step  towards  reconstruction,  after  the  appointment  of  these 
Satraps,  was  the  calling  of  a  convention.  For  this  purpose  all  the 
males  were  registered  as  voters,  those  only  excepted  who  had,  in 
virtue  of  any  office  held  before  the  war,  taken  the  oath  of  fidelity  to- 
wards the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  This,  of  course,  ex- 
cluded most  of  those  who  had  been  the  best  citizens.  It  was  then 
ordered  that  the  registered  voters  should  vote  lor  members  of  the 
convention,  and  that  it  should  be  held,  provided  a  majority  of  the 
registered  votes  should  be  given  for  members  of  the  convention.     As 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  175 

so  large  a  portion  of  the  citizens  were  disfranchised,  the  white  people 
would  register,  but  not  vote.  For  a  long  time  the  poll-returns  which 
were  published  made  it  likely  that  less  than  half  of  the  registered 
names  had  voted,  and  that  the  call  of  the  convention  would  be  a 
failure;  but  the  governing  power  was  determined  that  their  designs 
should  not  be  thwarted,  even  by  means  provided  by  their  own  orders. 
A  striking  illustration  was  shown  in  the  case  of  the  adoption  of  the 
constitution  of  Alabama.  The  Congress  resolved  that  it  had  been 
adopted,  when  it  had  been  notoriously  rejected.  General  Can- 
by's  act  was  by  no  means  so  glaring,  but  it  was  highly  suspicious. 
After  publishing  the  state  of  the  polls  for  some  time,  by  which  it  ap- 
peared that  the  convention  had  not  been  called,  he  ceased  the  con- 
tinuance of  the  publication  as  unnecessary,  and  proclaimed  that  a 
majority  of  registered  voters  had  ordered  a  convention,  and  published 
the  names  of  the  members-elect. 

The  convention  assembled  in  1868.  In  it  were  many  members 
who  afterwards  attained  a  bad  distinction,  but  did  not  at  that  time  or 
on  that  occasion  make  themselves  flagrantly  conspicuous.  They 
made  the  constitution  for  which  they  were  assembled.  It  is  a  griev- 
ous fallacy  to  judge  of  a  people  or  of  a  State  by  the  constitutions  or 
laws  under  which  they  live.  The  constitution  adopted  by  that  con- 
vention has  never  been  changed  ;  under  it  we  had  six  years  of  a 
saturnalia,  of  lawlessness  and  disorder ;  under  the  same  constitution 
we  have  enjoyed  the  blessings  of  peace  and  prosperity  ;  so  completely 
does  the  well-being  of  a  State  depend  upon  the  character  of  the  peo- 
ple who  rule  opinion.  From  1868  to  1876  South  Carolina  was 
denounced  even  by  Radical  newspapers  at  the  North  as  a  disgrace  to 
civilization  ;  from  1876  it  ventures  to  stand  among  the  front  in  the 
march  of  refinement  and  civilization  ;  but  in  both  periods  the  instru- 
ment of  government  was  the  same — the  instrument  devised  by  the 
agents  appointed  by  a  vindictive  Congress  to  break  down  the  manli- 
ness of  those  whom  it  stigmatized  as  rebels. 

After  the  convention  had  done  its  work  an  election  was  held  for  a 
Governor,  which  resulted  in  the  election  of  Governor  W.  K.  Scott, 
and  General  Canby  displaced  Governor  Orr  and  put  Governor  Scott 
in  the  gubernatorial  chair. 

Governor  Scott  was  first  known  to  the  people  of  this  State  as  the 
head  of  the  Freedman's  Bureau.  He  did  nothing  to  make  him  par- 
ticularly obnoxious  to  the  people.  He  had  made  a  declaration  of 
his  opinions  some  time  before,  which  his  subsequent  conduct  as  Gov- 
ernor proved  to   be  his   real   views.     In  that   speech,   delivered    in 


176  Southern  Historical  Society  Pa'pers. 

Washington,  he  said  that  Winchester  rifles  in  the  hands  of  the  ne- 
groes of  South  Carolina  was  the  most  effective  means  of  maintaining 
order  and  quiet  in  the  State.  This  experiment  was  tried  by  himself 
and  his  successors,  and  the  result  was  that  South  Carolina  became  a 
disgrace  to  civilization.  The  situation  of  the  State  was  so  well  de- 
scribed by  ex-Governor  Perry  in  a  letter  to  Scott,  dated  March  13, 
1871,  that  we  shall  content  ourselves  with  using  his  words: 

"  There  are  two  things,"  says  the  writer,  "  which  you  can  do,  and 
should  do,  the  sooner  the  better.  Disarm  your  militia  and  appoint 
good  and  intelligent  men  to  office.  All  the  lawlessness  and  violence 
which  has  disgraced  the  State  has  been  owing  to  these  two  sources 
of  mischief.  Never  was  there  a  more  fatal  mistake  nor  a  more  dia- 
bolical wrong  committed  than  when  you  organized  colored  troops 
throughout  the  State  and  put  arms  in  their  hands  with  powder  and 
ball,  and  denied  the  same  to  the  white  people.  It  was  atrocious.  The 
bloody  tragedy  at  Laurens  was  owing  to  this  and  nothing  else.  The 
murder  of  Stevens  and  other  white  men  at  Union  by  one  of  your 
negro  companies,  and  the  subsequent  execution  of  ten  colored  per- 
sons was  owing  to  the  same  cause.  The  fearful  killing  and  murder 
of  a  number  of  men  at  Chester,  was  likewise  owing  to  your  colored 
militia.  The  violence  and  lawlessness  at  Yorkville  originated  in 
one  of  your  worthless  appointments.  Heretofore  your  appointments 
have  beea  mostly  made  of  ignorant  and  corrupt  men,  who  cannot  en- 
force the  law  and  preserve  the  peace. 

"  The  colored  people  of  South  Carolina  behaved  well  during  the 
war  and  would  have  continued  to  do  so  but  for  the  unprincipled  car- 
pet-bagger, who  came  among  them  and  stirred  up  hatred  to  the 
white  race  by  the  most  artful  and  devilish  appeals  to  their  fears  and 
bad  passions.  Unprincipled  white  men  living  amongst  us,  seeing  an 
opportunity  of  office  and  plunder,  joined  the  carpet-baggers.  These 
two  classes  united  in  persuading  the  negroes,  that  they  would  be  put 
back  into  slavery,  and  that  they  must  apply  the  torch  to  redress 
their  supposed  wrongs.  It  is  not  surprising  that  a  people  so  ignorant 
and  credulous  as  the  negroes  are,  should  thus  have  been  led  astray. 
They  were  told  that  land  would  be  given  them  and  their  children  edu- 
cated. Hundreds  of  thousands  of  dollars  have  been  appropriated 
for  this  purpose  and  all  squandered  and  stolen  by  their  pretended 
friends;  a  multiplicity  of  offices  have  been  created  to  reward  political 
partizans  ;  salaries  have  been  increased ;  millions  appropriated  for 
railroads,  and  the  most  extravagant  waste  of  public  moneys  in  every 
way.     The  public  officers  and  the  Legislature  are  charged  with  the 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  177 

most  shameful  corruption,  bribery  and  roguery.  It  is  impossible  for 
the  industry  of  the  State  to  pay  the  taxes.  There  is  no  security  for 
property.  It  is  impossible  for  this  thing  to  go  on  and  preserve  order 
in  the  State." 

As  our  purpose  is  not  to  go  into  the  details  of  this  administration, 
we  content  ourselves  with  Governor  Perry's  statement.  There  is  one 
fact  of  which  we  would  be  glad  to  be  made  certain.  Was  it  a  fore- 
gone conclusion  that  the  ex-Confederates  were  to  be  forced  into  acts 
of  violence,  such  as  would  call  for  the  active  interference  of  the  gen- 
eral government.  That  such  was  the  wish  at  or  about  the  close  of 
Radical  rule,  there  can  be  no  doubt.  But  was  this  a  fixed  idea  when 
the  government  was  begun?  The  Reconstruction  acts  were  partly 
vindictive,  partly  political.  It  was  hoped  and  expected  that  by 
giving  the  right  of  suffrage  to  the  negro,  the  Southern  States,  or  a 
large  number  of  them,  would  be  secured  to  the  Republican  party. 
The  negro  must,  of  necessity,  be  a  Republican.  Hence  the  investing 
him  at  once  with  political  power,  and  excluding  all  those  States  from 
a  seal  in  Congress  until  the  negro  element  had  been  thoroughly  in- 
corporated in  its  constitution.  At  first  the  whites  were  made  to  feel 
that  they  no  longer  controlled  the  negro,  and  the  Republican  party 
was  completely  in  the  ascendant.  But  it  was  not  long  before  the  old 
relations  of  kindness  between  the  two  races  began  to  revive.  The 
negro  found  his  friends  among  his  old  masters.  The  adventurers 
who  came  here  to  make  their  own  fortunes  were  quick  to  perceive 
this  and  to  dread  the  consequences.  Hence  they  made  untiring 
efforts  to  stir  up  the  evil  passions  of  the  negroes  against  the  whites; 
unto  this  feeling  Governor  Scott  lent  himself  a  willing  agent.  It  was 
his  duty  to  organize  the  militia;  in  doing  this  he  recognized  only 
the  black  race.  They  were  formed  into  companies  and  regiments ; 
to  these  arms  were  distributed,  which  are  aptly  described  by  Gov- 
ernor Perry  as  fruitful  of  the  worst  of  crimes.  The  whites  were  not 
allowed  their  share  of  the  public  arms.  It  was  a  sense  of  the  danger 
to  which  the  whites  were  exposed  at  thus  being  kept  without  arms 
that  gave  rise  to  the  rifle  clubs,  which  were  a  grievance  to  Governor 
Chamberlain,  which  were  denounced  by  General  Grant,  but  which  it 
is  truth  to  say,  became  the  only  power  which  at  one  time  saved  the 
State  by  its  moral  power  alone  from  the  extreme  horrors  of  anarchy. 
When  General  Hunt  called  on  some  of  these  clubs  to  assist  in  restor- 
ing peace  to  the  city  after  one  of  the  most  terrible  riots  that  had  ever 
been  known  in  it,  he  was  instantly  reported  to  the  government  at 
Washington,  and  was  almost  as  instantly  sent  on  duty  elsewhere 
3 


178  Southern  Historical  Society  Fcipers. 

But  they  were  almost  the  only  force  which  he  could  trust.  The 
Government  would  have  preferred  to  leave  the  city  at  the  mercy 
of  the  infuriate  wretches  who  had  bathed  its  streets  with  the  blood  of 
its  citizens.  All  circumstantial  evidence  points  to  the  conclusion  that 
the  thing-  most  desired  by  the  Government  was  such  a  collision  of 
races  as  would  call  for  active  military  interference,  and  as  this  was 
solemnly  believed  by  the  whites  they  avoided  such  collision,  even 
under  circumstances  when  forbearance  seemed  to  be  very  like  weak- 
ness. 

Corruption  and  disorder  had  so  completely  taken  possession  of  the 
State  that  all  hope  of  a  change  for  the  better  seemed  to  have  been 
destroyed,  when  it  was  determined  to  make  some  feeble  effort  to  stay 
the  progress  of  misrule  by  joining  the  ranks  of  the  Republicans. 
The  project  was  to  leave  the  power  in  their  hands,  but  to  infuse  into 
it  a  beam  of  purity  by  giving-  offices  to  the  white  men.  Accordingly 
a  reform  ticket  was  offered  to  the  votes  of  the  people,  at  the  liead  of 
which  was  the  Republican  Judge  Carpenter,  who  had  not  unworthily 
filled  the  judicial  bench  ;  General  M.  C.  Butler  consented  to  be  a 
candidate  for  the  office  of  Lieutenant-Governor,  and  in  the  selection 
of  other  candidates,  while  the  most  notorious  rogues  were  excluded, 
a  larger  proportion  of  Republicans,  more  blacks  than  whites,  were 
nominated.  It  was  strictly  and  emphatically  a  Reform  party;  all  par- 
tisan politics  were  studiously  e.Kcluded.  The  effort  failed,  because  it 
deserved  to  fail ;  it  deserved  to  fail  because  it  associated  itself  with  a 
party  rotten  to  the  core.  The  relief  could  not  come,  and  did  not 
come,  until  a  sharp  line  was  drawn  and  no  compromise  tolerated  with 
the  unclean  thing. 

General  Kershaw,  the  chairman  of  the  Reformed  Committee,  after 
the  thorough  discomfiture  of  his  party,  published  a  report  announcing 
his  failure.  We  cannot  do  better  than  tell  the  sad  story  in  his  own 
words : 

"  We  entered  the  contest,"  he  says,  "  by  laying  down  a  platform 
on  the  rights  of  race  identical  and  co-extensive  with  the  Republican 
Congress  upon  that  subject.  We  invited  men  of  all  parties,  upon  that 
basis,  to  unite  in  an  effort  to  reform  the  present  incompetent,  extrava- 
gant, prejudiced,  and  corrupt  administration  of  the  State  Government, 
and  to  establish,  instead  thereof,  just  and  equal  laws,  order  and  har- 
mony, economy  in  public  expenditures,  a  strict  accountability  in  office- 
holders, and  the  election  to  office  only  of  men  of  known  honesty  and 
integrity. 

"We  put  forward  as  the  State  candidate  a  prominent  Republican, 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  179 

who  had  proved  himself  a  capable  and  just  judge,  and  a  democrat  and 
eminently  representative  Carolinian,  popular  and  distinguished.  The 
people,  in  their  county  nominations,  generally  observed  the  same  spirit 
of  compromise,  and  selected  as  their  candidates  white  and  black, 
Democrats  and  Republicans — giving  full  effect  to  the  spirit  of  the 
platform.  Certainly,  if  ever  a  party  was  organized  outside  of 
political  issues,  this  was.  There  was  literally  nothing  in  it  to  repel 
any  citizen  of  any  school  of  politics,  except  the  few  who,  clinging  to 
the  issues  of  the  past,  were  offended  by  the  liberal  concessions  made 
to  the  colored  people.  If,  therefore,  we  could  establish  our  charges 
against  the  then  existing  administration  of  the  State  Government,  we 
had  a  right  to  count  upon  the  support  of  all  honest  men.  These 
charges  were,  in  general  terms,  incompetency,  extravagance,  preju- 
dice and  corruption,  and  there  is  not  a  county  or  precinct  in  the  State 
where  they  were  not  proven  to  be  true,  to  the  conviction  of  the  com- 
monest understanding,  and  to  an  extent  wholly  unparalleled  in  the 
annals  of  civilized  governments.  These  oroofs  were  never  refuted. 
They  stand  uncontroverted,  as  they  were  incontrovertible,  inefface- 
ably  impressed  upon  the  recorded  acts  of  the  Government.  Had  the 
battle  been  permitted  to  rest  upon  this  issue,  you  would  to-day  have 
been  rejoicing  in  the  restoration  of  peace  and  good  government  to 
this  stricken  and  desolated  State. 

"  The  wicked  leaders  of  the  prejudiced  and  benighted  masses  of 
colored  people,  who  looked  to  them  for  guidance  with  the  simple 
faith  of  childhood,  knew  too  well  where  their  strength  lay  not  to 
avert  this  blessed  boon  from  their  deluded  followers.  True  to  the 
principle  of  '  rule  and  ruin  '  which  has  ever  actuated  them  since  they 
came  among  us,  they  appealed  to  that  spirit  of  antagonism  which 
slumbered  until  they  came,  and  led  their  victims  blinded  to  the  sac- 
rifice. They  pretended  that  we  were  not  in  earnest ;  that  our  leading 
men  did  not  support  us ;  that  our  liberalty  of  principle  and  practice 
was  but  premeditated  treachery — ^a  subtle  and  deceptive  scheme  to 
acquire  power;  that  that  power,  when  acquired,  would  be  used  to  put 
them  back  into  slavery ;  that  we  were  the  same  people  who  had  held 
them  in  bondage  for  so  many  generations,  and  fought  four  years  to 
rivet  their  chains,  and  could  never  be  trusted;  they  raked  the 
ashes  of  the  past  to  find  the  old  sores  of  slavery,  opened  them 
afresh,  and  reveled  in  the  torture  they  inflicted  by  the  cruel  pictures 
they  drew  of  wrongs  which  were  either  never  endured  or  as  unex 
ceptional  as  child- murder  in  New  England.  The  more  fiercely 
raged  the  mad  passions  of  the  crowd,  the  greater  their  efforts  to 
aggravate  and  infuriate  them.     They   told   them   every  conceivable 


180  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

story  they  could  invent,  to  make  them  believe  that  we  sought  their 
ruin.  Every  brawl  between  white  and  black  was  magnified  into  the 
beginning  of  a  war  against  their  race.  They  were  told  that  we  would 
prevent  their  voting  by  violence,  and  on  this  pretext  they  were 
armed  by  the  State,  the  further  to  alarm  and  excite  them.  They  were 
told  that  we  were  rebels,  enemies  of  the  General  and  State  Govern- 
ments; that  the  President,  the  Governor  and  the  great  Republican 
party  were  our  enemies  and  their  friends  ;  that  they  would  never  be 
hurt,  do  what  they  might;  that  high  taxes  were  nothing  to  them  — 
they  did  not  pay  them  ;  that  it  would  be  good  for  them  if  the  land- 
owner should  be  forced  to  sell  his  lands  down  to  a  mere  homestead  ; 
they  would  then  have  homes  through  the  operation  of  the  land  com- 
mission and  other  causes;  that  all  the  accumulated  property  here 
was  the  result  of  their  labor;  that  it  rightfully  belonged  to  them,  and 
that  the  way  to  get  it  was  to  vote  for  what  they  were  pleased  to  term 
the  '  Republican  party,'  meaning  the  ruling  dynasty  of  South  Caro- 

"This  summary  of  the  arguments  by  which  the  colored  people 
were  led  to  fasten  upon  the  State  for  the  next  two  years  the  same  men 
who  have  so  nearly  ruined  us  in  the  past,  demonstrates  the  existence 
among  them  of  a  fatal  hostility  towards  us  which  cannot  now  be  over- 
come by  gentle  and  kindly  overtures.  It  is  so  violent  in  certain 
quarters  as  to  threaten  the  existence  of  society.  It  has  been  fostered 
and  favored  and  kept  alive  in  a  large  degree  by  those  whose  duty  it 
is  to  protect  society.  Magistrates  and  conservators  of  the  peace  have 
been  foremost  and  unrebuked  in  incendiary  utterances  and  actions. 
It  is  allied  not  only  with  demagogueism,  that  demon  whose  province 
it  is  to  prostitute  the  spirit  of  liberty,  but  also  with  agrarianism,  which 
strikes  at  the  foundation  of  civil  society.  To  this  add  ignorance  and 
and  the  leadership  of  the  worst,  most  unscrupulous  and  selfish  men, 
as  a  rule,  and  some  idea  may  be  formed  of  the  dangers  of  the  situa- 
tion." 

With  this  report  the  Republican  Reform  party  came  to  an  end  ; 
Governor  Scott  was  re-elected  by  an  overwhelming  vote,  and  the 
suffering  whites  could  only  hope  in  patience,  while  the  mad  orgies  of 
Republican  misrule  went  on  unchecked. 

In  1872  the  office  of  Governor  was  filled  by  a  young  South  Caro- 
linian, who  acquired  a  sad  notoriety  throughout  the  country.  He 
had  been  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Representatives,  and  showed  a 
wonderful  fitness  to  hold  office  in  this  saturnalia  of  extravagance  and 
debauchery.  The  recklessness  with  which  he  signed  money  orders 
on  the  Treasury  created  a  large  debt,  which  ought  to   have  been  re- 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  181 

pudiated.  His  administration  was  only  a  continuation  of  that  of  his 
predecessor,  with,  perhaps,  even  less  regard  for  decency.  He  ran  a 
mad  career,  and  was  last  heard  of  in  the  Criminal  Court  of  New 
York,  where  the  former  Governor  of  South  Carolina  figured  as  a 
petty  swindler. 

We  have  introduced  the  history  of  the  first  two  administrations 
only  to  serve  as  an  introduction  to  that  of  Chamberlain,  who  was  the 
last,  the  most  plausible  and  the  best  cultured,  and  the  most  dangerous 
of  all.  But  here  a  difficulty  meets  us.  A  full  and  true  narrative  of 
those  two  years  would  require  a  volume  of  no  less  bulk  than  a  whole 
year's  publication  of  this  magazine;  a  naked  statement  of  the  facts 
which  distinguished  this  period  would  be  flat  and  tedious.  It  is  one 
thing  to  say  that  atrocious  deeds  were  done;  it  is  another  thing  to 
enter  into  the  details  of  these  atrocities.  Without  these  last  one  can- 
not form  a  vivid  conception  of  the  infernal  life  which  the  white  people 
of  South  Carolina  led  during  that  eventful  period.  Even  during  the 
war,  when  tidings  were  full  of  disasters  and  o(  the  deaths  of  our 
brave  soldiers,  our  minds  were  not  so  depressed  as  they  were  during 
a  large  part  of  the  Reconstruction  era.  Then  indeed  we  had  the 
comfort  of  hope  and  the  consciousness  of  manliness  exercised  in  a 
cause  dear  to  us  ;  but  now  hope  was  almost  gone  from  us,  and  we 
could  show  no  manliness  except  in  the  fortitude  with  which  we  en- 
dured our  humiliation.  The  country  was  against  us  and  regarded 
with  an  evil  eye  all  that  we  did,  with  a  perverse  understanding  all 
that  we  said.  The  President  was  a  fiery  partisan  against  us,  listened 
to  no  counsels  except  those  of  our  enemies.  Our  officers  were  not 
ours,  but  those  of  our  negroes  ;  one  of  the  Governors  had  said  that 
Winchester  rifles  in  the  hands  of  the  negroes  was  the  best  means 
of  securing  peace  in  South  Carolina,  and  the  other  was  a 
renegade,  with  as  much  of  the  bitterness  of  the  renegade  as  a 
man  so  steeped  in  licentious  debauchery  could  feel.  We  now  had  a 
new  man  ;  for  a  long  time  we  did  not  know  how  to  regard  him.  A 
very  few  months  before  the  election  which  defeated  him  was  held,  he 
was  favorably  regarded  as  our  candidate  for  the  next  election.  When 
at  last  he  discovered  that  he  had  utterly  lost  our  confidence,  he  threw 
off  the  mask  and  showed  himself  what  he  really  was,  a  monster  of 
deceit,  of  malignity,  and  of  imbecility.  In  attempting  to  give  the 
history  of  his  administration,  we  shall  not  condense ;  we  will  omit 
many  scenes  which  may  well  be  recorded,  but  we  shall  select  those 
which  were  conspicuous,  and  spare  no  details  to  paint  them  in  their 
hideous  and  disgusting  colors. 


182  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Lookout  Mountain  ! 

report  of  brigadier-general  j.  c.  brown. 

Headquarters  Brown's  Brigade, 

November  go,  i86j. 

Major,— \  beg  leave  to  submit  a  report  of  the  part  performed  by 
my  command  in  tlie  battle  of  Lookout  Mountain  and  Missionary 
Ridge,  on  the  24th  and  25th  November,  1863 

On  Monday  night,  the  23d  November,  Major-General  Stevenson 
directed  me  to  take  command  of  his  division,  then  occupying  the 
summit  of  Lookout  Mountain,  and  defending  the  approach  at  the  point 
and  on  the  west  slope  of  the  mountain  as  far  as  "  Nickajack  trail,"  a 
distance  of  ten  miles.  At  12  o'clock  that  night  I  was  ordered  by  the 
Major-General  to  send  Cumming's  brigade  to  the  base  of  the  moun- 
tain to-report  to  Brigadier- General  Jackson,  and  Haggerty's  battery 
of  Parrott  guns  to  report  to  Brigadier-General  Anderson,  on  the 
right  of  the  line  on  Missionary  Ridge.  Early  Tuesday  morning,  the 
24th,  the  passes  of  the  mountain  were  re-enforced,  and  at  12  M.,  in 
obedience  to  an  order  from  the  Major-General  commanding,  I  sent 
Pettus's  brigade  (except  the  Twenty-third  and  Thirtieth  Alabama 
regiments)  to  report  to  Brigadier-General  Jackson,  half  way  down 
the  mountain,  leaving  me  only  my  own  brigade,  the  Twenty-third  and 
Thirtieth  Alabama  regiments,  and  battery  of  Napoleons. 

The  Eighteenth  and  Twenty-sixth  Tennessee  regiments  were  dis- 
posed at  Powell's  and  Nickajack  trails  and  the  contiguous  passes. 
Powell's  trail  is  seven  and  Nickajack  ten  miles  from  the  north  point 
of  Lookout.  The  pass  at  the  point  and  those  nearest  to  it,  for  two 
and  a  half  miles  on  the  west  side,  were  held  by  detachments  from  the 
Twenty-third  and  Thirtieth  Alabama  regiments,  while  reserves  from 
the  same  regiments,  under  command  of  Colonel  Hundley,  officer  of 
the  day,  were  held  near  the  line  of  defense,  south  of  Summertown,  to 
re-enforce  their  pickets.     One  section  of  the  battery,  under  charge  of 

,  was  in  position  near  the  point,  while  the  other  section  was  held 

in  position  disposable  between  the  point  and  the  line  of  defense,  on 
the  south.  About  12:30  I  moved  the  Thirty-second  Tennessee,  the 
largest  regiment  of  my  brigade,  to  re-enforce  the  point  and  to  sup- 
port the  artillery.  At  i  o'clock  P.  M.  the  two  Napoleon  guns  on  the 
point  opened  fire  upon  the  enemy,  then  passing  near  the  "  Craven 
House,"  and  continued   it  incessantlv  for  two  hours.     At  the  same 


Further  Details  of  the  Death  of  General  A.  P.  Hill.      183 

time  I  deployed  sharpshooters  from  the  Thirty-second  Tennessee  and 
Thirtieth  Alabama  down  the  side  of  the  mountain,  and  directed  a  fire 
upon  the  enemy's  flank.  I  ordered  rocks  rolled  down  the  mountain 
also.  The  fog  was  so  dense  that  we  could  not  see  the  enemy, 
although  we  could  hear  his  march,  and  guided  by  this  and  the  report 
of  his  musketry,  our  fire  was  directed.  His  advance  was  quickly 
checked,  and  his  fire  materially  abated,  and  doubtless  the  effect  of  the 
shells  from  the  two  Napoleon  guns  and  the  fire  of  our  sharpshooters 
contributed  largely  to  this  end.  Late  in  the  afternoon  (the  hour  not 
recollected)  I  reported  to  the  Major -General  commanding,  in  answer 
to  a  summons  from  him,  and  was  informed  that  he  had  been  directed 
by  General  Bragg  to  withdraw  from  the  mountain.  I  gave  orders  to 
all  the  troops  to  be  ready  to  move  at  7  o'clock  'P.  M.  Nearly  all  of 
our  wagons  had  been  ordered  the  night  previous  to  Chickamauga 
station  for  supplies,  and  had  not  returned.  The  consequence  was  that 
our  camp  equipage  and  a  part  of  our  baggage  was  abandoned.  At 
7  P.  M.  the  troops,  artillery  and  ordnance  trains  were  quietly  with- 
drawn to  the  valley  by  the  Chattanooga  road,  and  crossed  Chattanooga 
creek  by  10  o'clock.  The  Eighteenth  and  Twenty-sixth  Tennessee 
regiments  were  withdrawn  by  the  McCullough  road,  and  crossed  the 
valley  and  Missionary  Ridge  by  way  of  Rossville,  and  did  not  form 
a  junction  with  the  command  until  late  in  the  afternoon  of  next  day. 

I  have  the  honor  to  be.  Major, 

Most  respectfully  your  obedient  servant, 

(Signed)  J.  C.  Brown, 

Brigadier-General. 
To  Major  J.  J.  Rcine,  A.  A.   G. 


Further  Details  of  the  Death  of  General  A.  P.   Hill. 
LETTER    FROM    A    COURIER. 

[At  his  own  earnest  request  we  suppiess  the  name  of  the  gallant 
young  soldier  who  sends  the  following  letters;  but  he  will  have  the 
thanks  of  all  old  Confederates,  not  only  for  his  own  contribution,  but 
also  for  eliciting  from  Colonel  Venable  his  graceful  tribute  to  the  ac- 
complished soldier  and  chivalric  gentleman  whose  name  was  among 
the  dying  words  of  both  Lee  and  Jackson.] 


184  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Richmond,  Va.,  March  21,  1884. 
Rev.  J.  William  Jones, 

Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society,  Richmond,  Va.  : 

My  Dear  Sir, — Some  time  since  I  noticed  an  account  of  the 
death  of  General  A.  P.  Hill,  which  was  written  by  Sergeant  Tucker, 
of  General  Hill's  staff.  Having  seen  General  Hill  only  a  short  while 
before  his  death,  and  thinking  Sergeant  Tucker  had  left  out  (uninten- 
tionally) some  facts  that  might  be  interesting  to  the  soldiers,  I  sent 
the  account  to  Colonel  C.  S.  Venable,  formerly  of  General  R.  E.  Lee's 
staff,  and  I  beg  herewith  to  hand  you  for  publication  Colonel  Vena- 
able's  letter  to  me,  which  I  am  sure  will  be  read  with  interest  by  all. 

Let  me  say,  that  as  General  Hill  came  across  the  branch  referred 
to  by  Sergeant  Tucker,  I  met  him  (I  was  going  to  General  R.  E. 
Lee),  and  turned  back  with  him  and  Sergeant  Tucker,  and  told  him 
of  the  enemy  in  General  Mahone's  old  winter-quarters.  After  being- 
fired  at  by  the  enemy  in  the  old  quarters,  we  turned  to  the  right  and 
there  met  Colonel  Venable,  who  desired  General  Hill  not  to  expose 
himself,  saying  that  it  was  General  Lee's  request.  General  Hill 
thanked  him  and  told  him  to  say  to  General  Lee  that  he  thanked  him 
for  his  consideration,  and  that  he  (General  Hill)  was  only  trying  to 
get  in  communication  with  the  right.  Colonel  Venable  turned  off  to 
return  to  General  Lee,  and  as  he  did  so,  told  me  I  was  wanted  at 
General  Lee's  headquarters,  and  I  rode  with  Colonel  Venable  to  that 
place.  I  carried  several  orders  for  General  Lee,  and  was  present 
when  Sergeant  Tucker  came  up  and  reported  the  death  of  General 
Hill. 

Never  shall  I  forget  the  look  on  General  Lee's  face,  as  Sergeant 
Tucker  made  his  report.  After  hearing  what  Sergeant  Tucker  had 
to  say.  General  Lee  remarked:  "He  is  at  rest  now,  and  we  who  are 
left  are  the  ones  to  suffer." 

Some  may  ask  how  it  was  that  I,  a  courier  in  artillery,  should  have 
been  in  that  locality.  I  was  a  mere  boy,  fond  of  excitement,  and  it 
so  happened  that  our  quarters  were  in  the  yard  of  a  Mr.  Whitworth, 
who  lived  almost  south  of  General  Lee's  headquarters.  I  was  awake 
all  Saturday  night,  looking  at  the  mortar  and  other  shells,  and  when 
the  enemy,  on  Sunday  morning,  came  too  close  to  our  quarters  to 
be  comfortable,  our  wagon  was  packed  and  sent  with  all  but  myself 
to  General  Pendleton's  headquarters.  I  remained,  fed  my  mare,  and 
"held  my  position"  until  the  enemy  were  close  enough  for  me  to  see 


Further  Details  of  the  Death  of  General  A.  P.  Hill.      185 

how  many  had  been  shaved  Saturday,  and  then  I  moved  out,  receiving 
as  I  went  cheers  or  yells  from  the  enemy,  for  which  compliments  I  did 
not  stop  to  thank  them.  When  I  got  down  in  the  bottom  I  stopped 
my  mare  in  the  branch,  and  was  letting  her  drink,  when  General  Hill 
came  up,  as  before  stated.  I  think  General  Lane  will  recollect  my 
coming  to  him  later  in  the  day,  when  he  was  having  a  rough  time. 
My  Colonel  was  absent  on  official  business  that  day,  and  I  was  trying 
to  make  myself  useful.  I  took  a  hand  in  anything  that  1  could ;  car- 
ried orders  for  General  R.  E.  Lee ;  was  sent  to  General  Longstreet, 
then  to  Colonel  Manning,  who  was  "forming  a  skirmish  line"  (to  the 
south  of  General  Lee's  headquarters).  Colonel  Manning  put  me  in 
charge  of  the  right  (he  being  in  centre),  and  we  had  a  lively  time  for 
some  hours.  That  was  a  grand  skirmish  line,  with  the  men  almost 
as  close  together  as  telegraph  poles  on  the  line  of  a  railroad,  but  we 
held  our  position,  and  were  only  driven  back  a  short  distance  by  a  line 
of  battle,  sent  against  us  by  the  enemy.  Later  I  was  ordered  to  Rich- 
mond on  official  business;  after  attending  to  which  I  reported  to  my 
Colonel  at  General  Lee's  residence  on  Franklin  street,  and  left  there 
that  night  after  supper. 

Trusting  you  may  find  something  to  interest  your  readers  in  this 
my  first  communication,  I  am 

Yours  very  truly, 

"Courier," 

Artillery  Second  Corps. 

LETTER  FROM  COLONEL  C.  S.  VENABLE. 

Vevay,  Switzerland,  December  25th,  1883. 

My  Dear  Sir, — Your  postal  of  November  26,  has  been  forwarded 
to  me  here,  as  well  as  the  clipping  from  the  Dispatch  giving  Tucker's 
account  of  General  A.  P.  Hill's  death.  Tucker's  is  a  true  statement, 
doubtless,  of  the  circumstances  immediately  attending  the  death  of 
General  Hill  at  the  hands  of  the  Federal  skirmishers— but  his  memory 
has  failed  him  in  several  points  which  should  have  been  presented  in 
order  to  give  a  true  picture  of  the  sad  event,  and  a  fuller  idea  of  the 
anxious  devotion  to  duty  and  love  for  his  troops  which  made  the 
General  on  that  latal  morning  utterly  reckless  of  his  own  life. 

General  Hill  reached  General  Lee's  headquarters  before  light  and 
reported  personally  to  the  General  in  his  own  room.  General  Long- 
street  had  arrived  from  the  north  side  of  the  Appomattox  about  one 
o'clock  the  same  morning  and  was  lying  on  the  floor  of  the  Adjutant's 


186  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

office  trying  to  get  a  little  sleep.  A  few  minutes  after  General  Hill's 
arrival  I  walked  out  to  the  front  gate  of  the  TurnbuU  House,  and 
there  saw  wagons  and  teamsters  dashing  rather  wildly  down  the 
River  Road  (Cox's)  in  the  direction  of  Petersburg.  Walking  out 
on  the  road,  I  met  a  wounded  officer  on  crutches  coming  from  the 
direction  of  the  huts  of  Harris's  brigade,  which  lay  across  the  branch  in 
front  of  the  headquarters,  who  informed  me  he  had  been  driven  from 
his  quarters  in  these  huts  (which  a  few  sick  and  wounded  men  occu- 
pied i  by  the  enemy's  skirmishers.  I  immediately  returned  to  the 
house,  ordered  my  horse,  and  reported  what  I  had  seen  and  heard 
to  General  Lee,  with  whom  General  Hill  was  still  sitting.  General 
Lee  ordered  me  to  go  and  reconnoitre  at  once.  General  Hill  started 
up  also ;  we  mounted  our  horses  and  rode  together,  General  Hill 
being  accompanied  by  one  courier,  as  I  remember,  who  I  thought  was 
Tucker.  I  had  no  courier  with  me.  On  arriving  at  the  branch  (it 
was  barely  light  at  the  time),  we  stopped  to  water  our  horses  and  look 
around.  While  thus  engaged  the  enemy  made  his  presence  known 
by  firing  on  us  some  straggling  shots  from  the  direction  of  the  huts 
and  hill  towards  the  Boydton  plankroad.  Soon  perceiving  half  a 
dozen  or  more  of  our  own  skirmishers  near  us,  who  had  been  driven 
back  by  the  sudden  advance  of  the  enemy,  I  got  General  Hill's  per- 
mission to  deploy  these  in  front  of  us  so  as  to  make  some  show  of 
force.  It  being  impossible  to  go  straight  on  to  the  Boydton  plank- 
road on  the  road  on  which  we  were  riding,  we  turned  to  the  right  and 
rode  up  the  branch.  General  Hill,  whose  sole  idea  was  to  reach  his 
troops  at  all  hazards,  soon  became  impatient  of  the  slow  progress  of 
our  improvised  skirmishers,  and  really  there  seemed  to  be  no  enemy 
in  our  front  in  the  direction  in  which  we  were  riding.  So  we  pressed 
on  ahead  of  them.  After  going  a  short  distance  it  became  light 
enough  to  see  some  artillery  on  the  River  Road  (Cox's)  about  one 
hundred  and  fifty  yards  distant  on  the  hill  to  our  right.  He  asked 
me  whose  artillery  it  was.  I  informed  him  that  it  was  Poague's  bat- 
talion which  came  over  the  night  before  from  Dutch  Gap.  He  re- 
quested me  to  go  at  once  and  put  it  into  position.  I  leaped  my  horse 
over  the  branch  and  carried  out  his  request.  This  was  the  last  I  ever 
saw  of  General  Hill  alive.  As  I  rode  across  the  field  and  up  the 
the  slope  towards  Poague's  battalion  he  rode  up  the  branch  towards 
a  copse  of  small  j^ines,  with  a  few  large  ones  interspersed.  It  was  in 
this  copse,  doubdess,  that  General  Hill  met  hi?  death  in  the  manner 
described  by  Tucker.  The  mistakes  of  Tucker  are  first  as  to  the  dis- 
tance of  the  branch  in  question  from  the  TurnbuU  House,  which  is 


i 


Further  Details  of  the  Death  of  General  A.  P.  Hill.      187 

not  more  than  200  (two  hundred )  yards,  and  then  as  to  the  time  of  his 
conversation  with  General  Hill  which  must  have  been  after  I  left  him, 
and  some  distance  up  the  branch.  I  remember  Tucker's  presence 
but  not  that  of  Jenkins  at  the  branch.  When  we  left  the  g^ate  of 
the  Turnbull  House  General  Hill  had  but  one  courier;  but  another 
could  have  easily  ridden  up  behind  us  without  attracting  my  atten- 
tion, while  we  were  examining  the  front  so  intently  in  the  dim  light 
of  the  coming  day. 

The  sad  event  of  General  Hill's  death  was  the  crowning  sorrow  of 
that  fatal  morning.  In  him  fell  one  of  the  knightliest  Generals  of 
that  army  of  knightly  soldiers.  On  the  field  he  was  the  very  soul  of 
chivalrous  gallantry.  In  moments  of  the  greatest  peril  his  bearing 
was  superb  and  inspiring  in  the  highest  degree.  No  wonder  that 
Lee,  when  he  saw  the  horse  of  his  trusted  Lieutenant  with  the  saddle 
empty,  led  by  the  faithful  Tucker,  found  time  to  shed  tears,  even  in 
the  trying  moment  when  the  tide  of  adverse  battle,  sweeping  heavily 
against  us,  demanded  his  every  thought.  The  name  of  A.  P.  Hill 
stands  recorded  high  on  the  list  of  those  noble  sons  of  Virginia  at 
whose  roll-call  grateful  memory  will  ever  answer:  "  Dead  on  the  field 
of  honor  for  the  people  they  loved  so  well." 

I  should  have  added  to  the  account  above  that  in  less  than  half  an 
hour  after  General  Hill  was  killed,  the  advanced  skirmishers  of  the 
enemy  were  driven  from  the  copse  of  pines  by  our  men,  and  his 
body  recovered. 

While  thus  supplementing,  and  in  a  manner  correcting.  Sergeant 
Tucker's  account,  I  wish  to  say  I  have  great  respect  for  him.  He 
was  a  true  and  faithful  soldier — as  brave  as  a  lion.  I  well  remember 
being  with  General  Hill  on  the  5th  of  May,  1864,  as  his  advance 
guard  on  the  plank  road  struck  the  enemy's  cavalry  outposts  in  the 
Wilderness,  when  Tucker,  whose  horse  had  died  during  the  winter, 
got  permission  to  go  on  the  skirmish  line  and  kill  a  Yankee  cavalry- 
man and  appropriate  his  steed.  His  eagerness  caused  him  to  be  im- 
prudent in  exposing  himself,  and  he  got  a  bullet  in  the  thigh,  which 
rendered  a  horse  unnecessary  to  him  for  some  time. 

With  all  the  good  wishes  of  the  day,  I  am 
Yours  most  truly, 

Charles  S.  Vexable. 


188  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

^DITOF(IAL     pAFfAQI^APH?. 


Corrections  in  the  Roster  of  the  A.  N.  V.,  compiled  by  the  "War 
Records  Office,"  and  published  in  our  January-February  No.,  have  come 
from  several  sources,  and  we  solicit  further  corrections  if  errors  should  be 
found.    The  following  explain  themselves  : 

Richmond,  February  ist,  1884. 
Dr.  J.  IVilliam  Jones  : 

Dear  Sir,— I  see  that  in  your  Papers  of  January  and  February,  1884, 
on  the  "Organization  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia,"  you  "earnestly 
request  corrections  if  errors  are  found." 

Colonel  H.  Clay  Pate  reported  as  Colonel  of  the  Fifth  Virginia  Cavalry  on 
31st  August,  1864;  was  killed  in  battle  at  the  Yellow  Tavern  the  same  day 
our  beloved  Stuart  was  shot— to-wit..  May  nth,  1864 — and  in  a  few  days 
thereafter  Colonel  R.  B.  Boston,  then  Captain,  was  made  Colonel,  and  so 
continued  until  killed  in  action  at  Higii  Bridge  on  April  6th,  1865.  I  had 
the  honor  to  belong  to  that  gallant  regiment,  and  know  this  to  be  true.  I 
can  never  think  of  that  soul  of  honor,  Colonel  Boston,  without  having  my 
heart  strangely  stirred.  Many  of  his  men  soon  after,  I  candidly  belie ve> 
almost  envied  his  fate. 

Very  truly  yours, 

P.  J.  White. 

Auburn,  Ala.,  January  31,  1884. 
J^ev.  Dr.  J.  Williain  Jones,  Richmo7id,  Va.  : 

My  Dear  Sir, — *  *  *  *  *  j  yy^jg  severely  wounded  in  the 
second  battle  at  Cold  Harbor,  but  returned  to  my  command  about  the  last 
of  August,  to  find  a  great  many  of  my  officers  absent,  on  account  of  the 
numerous  engagements  and  hard  fighting  in  that  campaign.  The  com- 
pilation of  the  "War  Records  Office,"  is  doubtless  true,  but  it  does  not 
give  the  names  of  the  real  regimental  commanders  in  my  brigade  at  that 
time.    They  were  as  follows : 

Seventh  North  Carolina,  Colonel  William  Lee  Davidson.  Do  not  know 
why  he  was  absent. 

Eighteenth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  John  D.  Barry,  who  was  absent, 
wounded  in  one  of  the  numerous  engagements  on  the  north  side  of  the 
James. 

Twenty-eighth  North  Carolina,  Colonel  William  H.  A.  Speer,  who  was 
absent,  mortally  wounded  at  Reams's  Station  August  25th. 

Thirty-third  North  Carolina,  Colonel  R.  V.  Coward.  I  do  not  remember 
why  he  was  absent.  I  know  that  he  was  with  me  in  the  battle  of  Jones's 
Farm,  September  30th,  and  behaved  with  conspicuous  gallantry  on  my 
right  fiank. 


Edito7'ial  Paragraphs.  189 

Thirty-seventh  North  Carolina.  Colonel  William  M.  Barbour,  afterwards 
mortally  wounded  in  the  engagement  at  Jones's  F'arm. 

Please  make  corrections,  if  the  above  are  such  as  you  "earnestly  solicit." 
With  best  wishes  for  you  and  our  Society,  I  am 

Yours,  very  respectfully, 

James  H.  Lane. 

Colonel  Z.  Davis,  of  Charleston,  S.  C,  desires  the  Roster  of  the  Cavalry 
Corps  corrected  to  read  as  follows  : 

"Butler's  Division,  Major-General  M.  C.  Butler;  Dunevant's  Brigade, 
Brigadier-General  John  Dunevant;  Fourth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  B.  H. 
Rutledge;  Fifth  South  Carolina,  Lieutenant-Colonel  R.  J.Jeffards;  Si.\th 
South  Carolina,  Colonel  H.  K.  Aiken. 

"The  Third  South  Carolina  Cavalry,  Colonel  Colcock,  was  never  in  Vir- 
ginia, or  in  Butler's  Brigade.  General  Dunevant  was  killed  October  i,  1864, 
and  Lieutenant-Colonel  feffards  October  27,  1S64,  from  which  time  I  had 
the  honor  of  commanding  the  Fifth." 


Is  THE  "  Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States"  a  Fit  Book  to  be 
Taught  in  Southern  Schools? — This  is  a  book  written  by  Miss  M.  E. 
Thalheimer,  and  published  by  the  enterprising  house  of  Van  Antwerp, 
Bragg  &  Co.,  Cincinnati  and  New  York.  Its  friends  claim  for  it  great  fair- 
ness in  its  narrative,  and  that  it  is  non-partizan  in  its  treatment  of  sectional 
questions.  It  certainly  does  not  call  the  Southern  people  "  rebels"  or 
"  traitors" ;  pays  an  occasional  tribute  to  the  skill  of  our  leaders  and  the 
bravery  of  our  troops;  and  so  ingeniously  hides  its  poison  tliat  Confederate 
soldiers,  or  their  sons,  are  acting  as  agents  for  its  dissemination,  and  many 
school  boards  and  teachers  at  the  South  are  adopting  it  as  a  text-book  in 
their  schools.  It  being  one  of  the  books  of  the  famous  "  Eclectic  Series,"  of 
which  the  late  Dr.  W.  H.  McGuffey,  of  the  University  of  Virginia,  prepared 
the  Readers  and  Spellers,  many  of  our  schools  are  innocently  adopting  it, 
without  due  e.xamination,  under  the  impression  that  it  is  as  unobjectionable 
as  other  books  of  this  series. 

Ill  addition  to  this  all  of  the  wealth,  e.xperience,  power  and  influence  of 
this  great  Publishing  House  are  thrown  into  the  scale,  and  the  result  is  that 
this  book  is  being  commended  by  some  whom  we  would  expect  to  give  "a 
clearer  note"  in  the  cause  of  trutli,  and  is  being  adopted  by  teachers  of 
whom  we  would  expect  better  guidance  for  the  children  committed  to  their 
charge. 

We  propose  to  review  this  "  History  "  in  a  series  of  papers  in  which  we 
shall  show  that,  (however  pure  may  be  the  motives  of  author,  publishers, 
agents,  school  boards  or  teachers  who  iiave  adopted  it)  the  book  itself  is 
full  of  errors,  misrepresentations,  fal.se  statements,  partisan  coloring  and 
false  teachings — that  it  exalts  the  North  at  the  expense  of  the  South — that  it 
misrepresents  the  character,  motives,  principles  and  deeds  of  our  Confed- 
erate Government,  leaders,  soldiers,  and  people — and  that  if  our  children 
are  to  learn  their  "  History"  from  this  libel  upon  the  truth  they  will  grow 
up  to  despise  the  land  and  cause  which  their  fathers  loved,  and  for  which 
they  freely  risked,  and  many  of  them  gladly  gave  up,  their  lives. 


190  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

In  a  word  we  propose  to  show  that  this  book  is  utterly  unfit  to  be  taught 
in  our  schools— that  our  school  boards  and  teachers  ought  not  to  adopt  it, 
and  that  Southern  parents  ought  not,  under  any  circumstances,  to  allow 
their  children  to  study  it.  Better  let  them  grow  up  in  profound  ignorance 
of  the  history  of  their  country  than  to  receive  this  garbled  and  false  account. 

We  had  purposed  beginning  our  review  in  this  number,  but  finding  our- 
selves "  crowded  out "  by  press  of  other  piatter  we  defer  our  first  paper  until 
our  ne.xt  i.ssue.  In  the  meantime,  however,  we  feel  called  upon  to  e.xpress 
now  our  opinion  of  this  book,  to  call  upon  our  bretheren  of  the  press  all 
through  the  South  to  join  us  in  making  war  upon  its  introduction  into  our 
school.",  and  to  ask  our  Confederate  soldiers  everywhere  to  read  its  account 
of  the  origin,  progress  and  close  of  the  war,  and  to  send  us  their  criticisms 
upon  the  narrative,  or  at  least  their  opinion  of  the  propriety  of  its  use  in 
our  schools. 

It  may  be  proper  for  us  to  add  that  we  make  war  on  this  book  in  the 
interest  of  no  otiier  history  or  publisher  under  the  sun, — that  we  have  no 
connection  with,  or  interest  in  any  rival  book— that  we  regard  this  as  no 
worse  than  some  other  Northern  "School  Histories  "  of  the  United  States 
(indeed  not  as  bad  as  the  majority  of  them), — but  that  we  single  this  one 
out  for  the  reason  that  it  is  already  somewhat  extensively  used  in  the  South, 
and  is  likely  to  be  yet  more  generally  used  unless  the  friends  of  truth  rally 
against  its  introduction 


The  Unveiling  of  the  Lee  Monument  at  New  Orleans  on  the  22nd 
of  February  was  an  event  of  deepest  interest  and  it  was  a  personal  affliction 
to  us  that  imperative  duties  in  our  office  prevented  us  from  fulfilling  our 
purpose  of  accepting  the  kind  invitation  of  the  committee  to  be  present  on 
the  occasion. 

The  following  admirable  programme  was  arranged  : 

Programme  of  Ceremonies  to  commence  at  2  P.  M.  Unveiling  of  statue 
of  General  Robert  E.  Lee,  at  Lee  Circle,  Friday,  February  22nd,  1884. 

Prof.  B.  Moses,  Musical  director.  (Music.)  Grand  March,  Rienzi,  Wagner. 
Prayer  by  Rev.  T.  R.  Markham,  D.  D.  (Music.)  Nearer  my  God  to  Thee, 
Mason.  Poem  by  H.  F.  Requier,  Esq.  (Music.)  Medley — "In  Memory  of 
Other  Days,"  B.  Moses.  Oration  by  Hon.  Chas.  E.  Fenner.  (Music.)  Fest 
Overture,  Leutner.  Presentation  of  Statue,  by  the  president  of  the  Board 
of  Directors,  and  acceptance  by  the  Mayor  of  the  City  of  New  Orleans. 
(Music.)  Overture  Monumental,  Keler  Bela.  Unveiling  of  Statue ;  Salute. 
(Music.)  I  Know  that  my  Redeemer  Liveth,  Handel.  Benediction  by  Rt. 
Rev.  J.  N.  Galleher,  D.  D. 

We  are  indebted  to  the  Corresponding  Secretary  of  the  Association,  Gen- 
eral W.  M.  Owen,  and  the  Ciiairman  of  the  ''  Reception  Committee,"  Colonel 
W.  T.  Vaudry,  for  beautifully  gotten-up  programmes,  with  cut  of  the  monu- 
ment, medals,  papers  containing  accounts  of  the  ceremonies,  the  eloquent 
address  of  Judge  Fenner,  the  beautiful  poem  of  Mr.  Requier,  &c.,  and  we 
shall  carefully  preserve  all  of  these  in  our  archives. 

We  deeply  regret  that  our  space  does  not  allow  us  to  publish  this  month 
a  full  description  of  the  monument,  which  reflects  the  highest  credit  on  all 
concerned,  and  a  full  account  of  the  interesting  ceremonies ;  but  we  shall 


Editorial  Paragrrvphs.  191 

certainly  put  on  record  hereafter  at  least  some  of  the  good  things  which 
were  said  and  done.  All  honor  to  the  gallant  and  patriotic  Confederates 
of  the  noble  "  Crescent  City"  for  adding  this  monument  to  our  peerless 
cliief  to  the  many  other  things  they  have  done  to  keep  green  the  memories 
of  the  cause  they  loved — to  perpetuate  the  history  they  did  so  tntich  to  make. 


Ex-Governor  William  Smith,  of  Warrenton,  Va.,  now  in  his  eighty- 
eighth  year,  but  more  lithe  and  active  than  many  men  of  fifty,  has  recently 
spent  several  weeks  in  Richmond,  and  frequently  favored  us  with  visits 
to  our  office,  when  he  would  entertain  us  with  many  interesting  and 
valuable  reminiscences  of  his  long  and  eventful  life.  When  he  talked  of 
the  war  his  eye  would  kindle  with  something  of  the  old  fire  we  used  to  see 
when  iiis  clear  voice  would  ring  out,  "Forward,  Forty-ninth!"  or  when  in 
command  of  the  grand  old  Fourth  Virginia  Brigade  he  would  gallantly  lead 
them  into  the  very  thickest  of  tiie  fight. 

Long  may  tlie  old  hero  live,  and  his  stern  patriotism  serve  as  an  example 
for  the  young  men  of  the  country. 

We  are  indebted  to  iiim  for  a  very  valuable  scrap-book  of  clippings  from 
war  newspapers. 

General  George  D.  Johnston,  our  able  and  efficient  General  Agent, 
after  a  rest  since  last  July,  has  gone  to  work  for  the  Society  again  in  New  Or- 
leans, and  will,  we  hope,  soon  visit  also  other  points.  It  is  scarcely  necessary 
for  us  to  say  that  we  are  glad  to  have  once  more  the  invaluable  services  of 
this  gallant  soldier  and  accomplished  gentleman,  who  never  fails  to  make  a 
success  of  his  agency  wherever  he  goes,  to  make  the  promptest  and  most 
accurate  report  to  our  office,  and  to  leave  behind  him  a  fine  impression  for 
the  Society  and  its  work. 


The  Legislature  of  Virginia,  which  has  just  adjourned,  showed  its 
high  appreciation  of  our  Society  by  voting  us  the  continuation  of  our  office 
on  Library  floor  of  the  State  Capitol,  when,  in  order  to  make  more  room  for 
the  State  Library,  the  offices  of  the  Adjutant-General,  Superintendent  of 
Public  Instruction  and  the  Superintendent  of  Public  Printing  were  vacated, 
and  these  officers  directed  to  rent  ciuarters  elsewhere  in  the  city.  The  So- 
ciety is  also  mentioned  in  the  bill  for  a  new  Library  building,  and  provided 
for  along  with  the  State  Library.  This  bill  was  not  fully  perfected  before 
the  adjournment  of  the  Legislature ;  but  a  bill  was  passed  to  sell  certain 
State  property  and  hold  the  proceeds  for  a  new  Library  building,  and  there 
is  no  doubt  that  at  the  next  meeting  of  the  Legislature  the  necessary  appro- 
priation will  be  made,  plans  adopted,  and  the  work  put  under  contract. 

We  think  we  can  say  safely  to  our  friends  in  other  States  that  old  Virginia 
(which  for  ten  years  lias  provided  us  with  a  domicil)  will  give  the  Southern 
Historical  Society  perjnauent  Ji re-proof  quarters,  and  whatever  you  may 
give  will  go  into  our  Permanent  Endorcinent  Fund.  We  beg  our  friends  to 
hurry  up  their  subscriptions  to  our  endowment. 


192  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Renew  yol'R  subscription  at  once,  if  you  would  do  us  a  kindness,  and 
help  on  our  good  cause.  VV'e  need  every  cent  of  the  somewhat  large  amount 
now  due  us,  and  we  beg  our  friends  not  to  put  us  to  the  expetise  of  sending 
either  agents  or  circular  duns  after  them,  but  to  remit  -without  delay. 


Literary  Notices. 

THE  BLUE  AND  THE  GRAY.      By   Rev    Theodore  Gerrish,  Private 

in  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  author  of  "  Reminiscences  of  the  War,"  and 

Rev.  John's.  Hutchinson,  Private  in  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia. 

Bangor,  Me  :  Brady,  Mace  &  Co.     1884. 

We  have  received  from  the  publishers  (through  their  agent,  Captain  James 
G.  Read,  corner  Fifth  and  Clay  streets,  Richmond)  a  copy  of  this  well 
gotten-up  book.  The  preface  avows  as  the  objects  of  the  book  to  give  a 
full  and  impartial  history  of  the  campaigns  of  these  two  grand  armies, 
showing  the  relative  forces  engaged,  &c.,  to  preserve  the  incidents,  remi- 
niscences and  amusing  anecdotes  of  the  private  soldiers  of  both,  and  to 
show  the  fraternal  feelings  which  now  exists  between  the  soldiers  of  tiiese 
once  fiercely  opposing  armies. 

There  are  very  pleasant  introductory  letters  from  Colonel  Augustus  C. 
Hamlin,  of  Maine,  and  General  Fitzhugh  Lee,  of  Virginia. 

Not  having  yet  found  time  to  read  the  book  carefully,  as  we  propose 
doing,  we  are  not  yet  prepared  to  say  how  far  tht-se  gentlemen  have  been 
able  to  carry  out  their  plan.  But  a  casual  dipping  into  it  suffices  to  show 
that  it  is  written  in  very  pleasant  style  and  in  admirable  spirit ;  that  some 
of  its  descriptions  are  very  vivid  and  life-like;  and  that  it  is  a  valuable  con- 
tribution to  an  itiside  view  of  the  life  of  the  private  soldier  in  both  armies. 
We  do  not  hesitate  to  advise  our  friends  to  buy  the  book,  and  we  predict 
for  it  a  wide  sale. 

As  the  authors  cite  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers  as  among 
the  authorities  they  have  consulted,  it  may  not  be  gracious  in  us  to  say  so, 
yet  we  feel  impelled  to  add  that  military  critics  will  not  be  impressed  with 
their  citation  of  either  Lossing  or  Pollard  as  authority  on  any  mooted 
point.  After  we  have  studied  the  book  we  propose  to  give,  in  a  full  review, 
our  impressions  of  this  first  attempt  to  blend  in  authorship  "The  Blue  and 
the  Gray."  Meantime  we  wish  our  friends  and  brothers — tlie  authors — 
every  success  in  their  venture. 

ANECDOTES  OF  THE  CIVIL  WAR  IN  THE  UNITED  STATES.  By 
Brevet  Major-General  E.  D.  Townsend,  late  Adjutant-General  United 
States  Army  (retired).     New  York  :  D.  Appleton  &  Co.     1884. 

This  is  a  very  entertaining  book,  well  written  by  one  who  was  in  position 
to  see  and  hear  many  things  of  absorbing  interest,  and  gotten  up  in  the 
style  for  which  the  Appletons  are  famous. 

But  it  would  take  much  stronger  testimony  than  General  Townsend  has 
adduced  to  convince  us  of  the  authenticity  of  the  interview  he  reports  be 
tween  General  Lee  and  General  Scott,  and  General  Lee  and  General 
Thomas.  Nor  are  we  satified  that  E.  M.  Stanton  was  a  saint.  But  we  will 
recur  to  these  and  some  other  matters  again. 


Vol.  XII. 


Richmond,  Va.,  May,  1884. 


No.  5. 


The  Last  Chapter  in  the  History  of   Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina — 
Administration  of  D.  H.  Chamberlain. 

By  F.  A.  PoRCHER,  President  South  Carolina  Historical  Society. 

Paper    No.  2. 

Daniel  H.  Chamberlain  is,  I  believe,  a  native  of  Massachusetts. 
In  the  triennial  catalogue  of  Yale  College,  among  the  graduates  in 
1862,  are  the  names  of  D.  H.  Chamberlain  and  W.  H.  Kempton, 
the  notorious  financial  agent  of  the  State.  After  the  war  was  over 
Chamberlain  was  on  John's  Island,  where  he  undertook  to  plant 
cotton.  When  the  Reconstruction  Convention  was  called  by  Satrap 
Canby,  Chamberlain  sat  in  that  body,  and  when  the  State  was  re- 
constructed in  pursuance  of  the  new  constitution  he  was  elected  to 
the  post  of  Attorney-General,  a  post  which  he  held  until  1872. 
During  the  next  two  years  he  seems  to  have  lived  in  private  life  in 
Columbia,  attending  to  the  bar,  his  profession. 

If  it  were  possible  I  would  gladly  insert  a  paper  published  in  the 
Atlantic  Monthly  in  February,  1877,  for  a  minute  and  graphic  view 
of  the  condition  of  South  Carolina  under  the  misrule  of  Scott  and 


194  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Moses.  It  is  a  paper  which  might  have  been  written  by  a  Carolina 
Democrat  writhing  under  the  humiliation  which  the  wretched  state 
of  the  country  caused  him.  It  was  written  in  the  interest  of  Cham- 
berlain, if  not  by  himself,  then  under  his  direction  and  supervision. 
Its  object  was  to  expose  all  the  evils  of  Radical  misrule,  and  by  this 
showing  they  were  enormous.  It  was  to  be  inferred  that  they  came  to 
an  end  with  his  election,  and  that  he  was  the  prophet  and  leader  who 
was  to  solve  the  difficult  problem  of  harmonizing  the  races  and  evolv- 
ing order  out  of  chaos,  and  that  the  opposition  to  his  administration 
was  the  outbreak  of  the  spirit  of  rebellion  and  mischief  which  was  ever 
rankling  in  the  Southern  heart.  The  essay  is  able,  artful  and  plausi- 
ble ;  but  it  ignores  some  facts  which  would  give  a  very  different 
color  to  the  case,  and  put  him  to  a  very  serious  examination.  One 
of  these  is  that  the  want  of  harmony  between  the  races  was  in  great 
part  the  work  of  the  Radicals,  who  for  their  own  selfish  ends  had 
carefully,  industriously  and  ceaselessly  fomented  the  spirit  of  dissat- 
isfaction among  the  blacks,  and  the  paper  does  not  tell  how  far 
Chamberlain  was  responsible  for  the  Radical  misrule,  which  he  so 
ably  describes  and  denounces. 

The  Legislature  with  apparent  wisdom  had  entrusted  all  the  great 
interests  of  the  State  to  commissions,  each  of  which  was  to  be  super- 
vised and  directed  by  an  advisory  board.  Of  each  of  these  advi- 
sory boards  the  Attorney-General  was  a  member,  either  ex-qfficio  or 
by  special  appointment.  Now  all  of  these  commissions  were  steeped 
in  corruption,  and  it  could  not  be  but  that  the  Attorney-General 
must  have  known  of  this  corruption,  had  sanctioned,  had  perhaps 
profited  by  it.  First  of  these  swindling  jobs  was  the  Land  Commis- 
sion, whose  specious  object  was  to  provide  lands  for  the  landless,  but 
whose  actual  performance  was  the  robbing  of  the  State  to  the  amount 
of  nearly  a  million  of  dollars.  This  precious  job  was  managed  by 
a  philanthropist  from  New  York  by  the  name  of  Leslie.  This  swin- 
dler, encouraged  by  his  success,  grew  bold  enough,  w^hen  attacked 
for  his  corruption  in  the  Legislature,  to  defy  his  adversaries,  and  to 
threaten  so  to  unmask  their  frauds  as  to  send  them  to  the  peniten- 
tiary. Another  charge  was  that  as  Attorney-General  he  had  ad- 
vised the  misapplication  and  consented  to  a  disadvantageous  sale  of 
the  agricultural  land  scrip  granted  to  the  State  by  Congress,  whereby 
the  State  lost  a  very  large  sum  of  money.  A  third  charge  was  that 
as  a  member  of  the  advisory  board  he  was  responsible  for  the  action 
of  the  Commissioners  of  the  Sinking  Fund  by  which  more  than  a 
hundred  thousand  dollars  were  expended  without  any  benefit  to  the 


Reconstruction  in  Soiith  Carolina.  195 

State  ;  and,  further,  that  it  was  his  motion  and  his  influence  which 
had  made  H.  H.  Kempton  the  financial  agent  of  the  State  and  the 
convenient  agent  of  all  the  frauds  of  the  party  in  power. 

It  was  not  only  the  opposition  which  took  these  exceptions  against 
Chamberlain.  About  two  years  later,  when  he  was  giving  offence 
to  his  party  by  his  apparent  zeal  for  reform,  Judge  Carpenter  dis- 
tinctly charged  him  with  being  the  author  and  contriver  of  all  these 
abuses  against  which  the  reforming  Governor  was  so  loudly  protest- 
ing, and  he  also  added  that  the  tax  bill  of  1875,  which  went  little 
short  of  confiscation,  was  the  work  of  Chamberlain  himself,  and 
that  he  made  seeming  efforts  to  have  it  modified  so  as  to  secure  the 
good  will  of  the  Democratic  party  as  a  reformer.  With  these 
damning  facts  before  them.  Chamberlain  was  elected  by  an  immense 
majority.  It  is  a  marked  feature  in  the  history  of  the  Republican 
party  in  this  State  that  no  loss  of  popularity  or  of  influence  follows 
the  proof  of  corruption — nay,  the  power  of  the  person  so  denounced 
and  convicted  seemed  rather  to  rise  ;  and  why  should  he  suffer  when 
Leslie  did  not  deign  to  deny  that  he  was  a  rogue,  and  Henly  even 
boasted  of  it. 

THE    LEGISLATURE. 

When  the  Legislature  met  the  first  act  of  the  House  of  Repre- 
sentatives was  to  elect  as  their  Speaker  the  negro  adventurer  R.  K. 
Elliott.  This  bold,  bad  man  had  arrived  in  South  Carolina  in  the 
train  of  the  Northern  army.  Well  educated,  he  resolved  to  make 
this  State  his  abiding  place  and  the  field  of  his  operations.  He  pro- 
fessed to  have  in  view  the  elevation  of  his  own  race,  but  committed 
the  fatal  mistake  of  supposing  that  this  was  to  be  accomplished  by 
raising  them  to  high  places  without  regard  to  their  qualifications, 
never  reflecting  that  when  improperly  elevated  their  glaring  faults 
would  only  expose  the  fallacy  of  their  pretensions  and  inflict  on  the 
whole  race  a  still  deeper  stigma.  He  had  served  in  the  late  Con- 
gress, but  declined  a  reelection  in  order  to  become  a  member  of  the 
Legislature  of  his  adopted  State.  This  apparent  desertion  of  a 
higher  for  a  lower  place  boded  no  good  for  the  State.  He  had  dis- 
covered that  in  Congress  he  was  a  very  little  man,  but  at  home  he 
was  a  power,  and  he  could  make  what  terms  he  chose  for  himself. 
As  soon  as  the  House  of  Representatives  met  he  was  chosen 
Speaker,  and  this  choice  proclaimed  that  the  conflict  of  races  was  a 
foregone  conclusion. 

When  the  votes   for    Governor  were  counted    Chamberlain   was 


19fi  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

found  to  be  elected  by  a  majority  of  more  than  eleven  thousand. 
He  went  into  office  on  the  ist  December.  His  inaugural  address 
astonished  everybody.  It  declared  his  intention  to  carry  out  the 
principle  of  reform  which  was  a  main  feature  of  the  platform  of  his 
party.  It  might  have  been  a  set  of  words,  of  course,  signifying 
nothing.  But  the  speech  showed  such  an  intimate  knowledge  of  the 
condition  of  the  State,  such  a  convincing  sense  of  the  corruptions 
which  had  disgraced  the  party  that  ruled  it,  and  so  earnestly  urged 
the  reform  of  abuses,  that  the  Republicans  were  alarmed,  fearing 
that  the  man  of  their  choice  might  prove  a  traitor,  and  the  Con- 
servatives hoped  that  he  might  prove  a  powerful  ally.  All  parties 
waited  for  time  to  show  the  stuff  of  which  the  .new  Governor  was 
made.  In  the  meantime  Elliott  had  given  a  distinct  intimation  of 
his  official  conduct.  By  the  death  of  Judge  Graham  during  the  past 
summer  there  was  a  vacancy  in  the  First  judicial  district,  which 
must  be  immediately  filled.  Prominent  among  the  candidates  was 
Elliott's  favorite,  W.  H.  Whipper,  a  clever  but  ignorant  negro,  who 
like  Elliott  had  come  into  the  State  after  the  war.  He  was  by  pro- 
fession a  lawyer,  by  practice  a  gambler  and  swindler,  and  this  was 
the  man  whom  the  extremists  of  the  Republican  party  desired  to 
clothe  with  the  ermine.  The  Governor  seemed  to  regard  him  with 
ineffable  disgust,  and  entered  into  the  contest  with  so  much  zeal  and 
energy  that  Mr.  Reid,  of  Anderson,  was  elected,  and  the  people  of 
Charleston  spared  the  humiliation  of  seeing  a  bad  negro  on  their 
circuit  bench. 

The  satisfaction  caused  by  this  salutary  interference  of  the  Gov- 
ernor was  so  great  that  the  Conservatives  accepted  with  patience  his 
ne.xt  public  acts,  which  were,  indeed,  of  a  very  questionable  charac- 
ter. One  was  the  appointment  of  Timothy  Henly  as  Treasurer  of 
Charleston.  This  notorious  adventurer  came  to  South  Carolina 
with  the  Union  League  in  his  carpet-bag,  out  of  which  he  made  a 
fortune  for  himself  Excessively  vulgar,  but  of  a  jovial  and  genial 
temperament,  he  insinuated  himself  into  the  society  and  tolerance 
of  men  who  ought  not  to  have  forgotten  their  self-respect.  He 
unblushingly  proclaimed  himself  a  rogue,  and  claimed,  and  even 
received  credit  for  his  frankness.  It  is  said  that  he  had  little  to  do 
with  robbing  the  public  treasury.  His  genius  lay  in  his  powers  of 
persuasion;  an  able  lobbyist,  he  corrupted  the  members  of  the 
Legislature,  acting  as  broker  for  all  who  had  jobs  to  carry.  He 
received  their  money,  transacted  their  business  and  pocketed  his 
commissions.     It  is  no  scandal  to  call  him  a  rogue,  for  so  he  called 


Reconstruction  in  Soutli  Carolina.  197 

himself,  and  this  was  the  Treasurer  that  the  Governor  gave  to 
Charleston. 

The  next  act  revealed  a  weakness  in  the  Governor  which  showed 
that  his  reform  principles  were  not  proof  'against  powerful  influ- 
ences. 

The  Legislature  was  anxious  to  take  a  recess  for  Christmas,  but 
the  members  were  without  money,  and  there  was  no  money  in  the 
treasury  from  which  they  could  be  paid.  An  act  was  accordingly 
passed  to  appropriate  one  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  dollars  for 
that  purpose.  This  act  was  a  violation  not  only  of  the  Constitution, 
but  of  all  sound  principles  of  legislation,  and  it  was  confidently 
expected  that  it  would  be  rejected  by  the  Governor.  After  a  pain- 
ful suspense  he  returned  it  approved,  but  with  a  mild  protest  against 
such  unusual  and  unconstitutional  legislation,  as  well  as  against  its 
extravagant  provisions,  all  of  which  he  was  willing  to  overlook 
rather  than  subject  the  members  to  personal  inconvenience.  This 
was  much  worse  than  a  simple  approval  would  have  been.  It 
showed  that  he  acted  with  a  full  knowledge  of  his  conduct.  Thus 
the  Legislature  scored  the  first  triumph  over  the  reforming  Gov- 
ernor. 

EDGEFIELD    RIOTS. 

It  was  during  this  recess  that  Edgefield  became  the  scene  of  one 
of  those  conflicts  of  races,  which  had  been  begun,  if  not  encouraged, 
by  Governor  Scott,  but  which  were  a  common  occurrence  under  Cham- 
berlain's administration.  A  negro  man  named  Tennant,  who  held 
the  rank  of  Captain  of  militia  in  Edgefield,  under  the  pretext  that 
white  men  had  shot  into  his  house,  had  the  long-roll  beaten,  and  the 
negro  militia  poured  in  to  his  call  for  assistance.  The  whites,  feeling 
that  mischief  was  intended,  assembled  with  their  own  arms  (for  the 
Governor  had  never  given  them  any)  for  their  own  protection,  sur- 
rounded the  armed  negroes  and  cut  them  off  from  their  supplies. 
Having  thus  shown  their  strength  as  well  as  their  energy,  they  now 
showed  their  moderation  by  retiring,  on  the  assurance  that  the  arms 
and  ammunition  of  the  insurgents  should  be  delivered  into  the 
custody  of  the  United  States  troops  at  the  courthouse.  This 
was  done,  and  the  arms  deposited  in  the  courthouse.  A  few  days 
later  Tennant  marched  his  militia  into  the  village,  and  apparently 
without  any  resistance  on  the  part  of  the  United  States  officers, 
recovered  possession  of  the  arms,  &c.  The  whites  thereupon  sent 
a  committee  of  remonstrance  to  the  Governor,   who  declared  that 


198  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Tennant  had  acted  without  his  knowledge  or  consent,  and  that  the 
arms  should  be  again  delivered  up.  It  does  not  appear  that  he  took 
any  steps  to  execute  his  promise,  and  for  several  days  Edgefield  was 
the  scene  of  riot  and  incendiary  outrages.  Houses  were  burned  in 
the  dead  of  night  at  the  peril  of  the  inmates.  General  M.  C.  But- 
ler's house  was  burned,  and  a  party  implicated  in  the  crime  asserted 
that  he  had  done  it  at  the  instigation  of  Tennant.  Affairs  were  daily 
becoming  worse  and  worse  ;  it  was  discovered  that  hired  laborers 
were  leagued  with  Tennant  against  the  peace  of  their  employers, 
whose  bread  they  were  eating.  These  employers  did  then  what 
common  sense  dictates — they  dismissed  such  traitors  from  their  ser- 
vice— and  this  ordinary  act  of  self-preservation  was  treated  as  a  crime, 
and  a  proposition  seriously  made  by  Elliott  to  punish  it.  An  attempt 
was  made  to  arrest  Tennant  for  burning  Butler's  house,  but  he  re- 
fused to  be  arrested,  and  fired  upon  ihe  posse  which  was  sent  to  arrest 
him.  The  Governor,  instead  of  going  himself  to  the  scene  of  dis- 
order, sent  one  of  his  henchmen — one  General  Dennis — to  preserve 
the  peace.  Tennant  retired  to  the  swamp,  and  Dennis  retired  to  his 
superior,  defeated  and  disappointed.  The  eccentric  Judge  Mackey 
was  now  sent  as  a  peacemaker.  General  Butler  was  arrested  on  a 
charge  by  Tennant  that  his  life  was  threatened  by  him,  but  the 
charge  was  not  sustained.  A  sort  of  peace  was  trumped  up  by 
Mackey,  how,  we  do  not  know.  In  his  report  he  denounced  the  gov- 
ernment of  Edgefield  as  the  most  infamous  to  which  any  English 
speaking  people  had  ever  been  subjected,  and  denounced  the  militia 
as  perverted  to  the  worst  uses  ;  if  a  negro,  he  says,  quarrel  with  a 
white  man  the  militia  is  called  out  to  settle  the  quarrel  ;  he  therefore 
recommended  that  rhe  Edgefield  militia  be  disbanded  and  their  arms 
called  in. 

Meanwhile  the  Legislature  assembled  again  and  the  Edgefield 
troubles  were  immediately  brought  up  by  Elliott,  who  denounced  in 
the  bitterest  terms  those  farmers  who  had  dismissed  their  servants 
who  were  plotting  against  them.  A  bill  was  introduced  to  lay  a 
special  tax  upon  Edgefield  for  the  support  of  those  turbulent  rioters 
who  had  been  dismissed  from  service.  The  enormity  of  this  bill  did 
not  operate  against  its  passage,  but  Elliott  discovered  that  it  could 
never  be  enforced,  and  it  was  tabled  with  his  consent. 

The  events  of  the  year  1875  which  showed  the  progress  of  cor- 
ruption were  chiefly  of  a  financial  character,  and  the  detail  of  them 
would  be  long  and  tedious,  and  which  I  am  willing  to  confess  I  know 
too  little  about  to  undertake  to  give.     One  was  the  failure  of  Hardy 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  199 

Solomons' s  bank  in  Columbia,  by  which  the  State  lost  about  two 
hundred  thousand  dollars  which  had  been  deposited  in  it.  This 
corporation  was  chartered  as  a  sort  of  close  corporation,  of  which 
the  worst  feature  was  that  Whittemore,  the  notorious  seller  of  cadet 
appointments,  was  a  director.  It  afterwards  received  a  charter  con- 
ferring- on  it  banking  privileges,  and  was  sold  for  $25,000  to  a  party 
consisting  of  N.  G.  Parker,  J.  G.  Patterson,  Stollbrand,  Matton — 
names  not  calculated  to  give  a  favorable  idea  of  the  concern — and  it 
got  ultimately  into  the  almost  exclusive  possession  of  Hardy  Solo- 
mons, a  grocer  of  Columbia.  It  dealt  heavily  in  paper  of  the  gov- 
ernment, and  at  one  time  was  the  sole  depository  of  the  public 
money,  but  lately,  through  the  influence  of  Chamberlain,  Cardozo, 
the  mulatto  Treasurer,  transferred  some  of  this  money  to  some  other 
banks.  A  heavy  draught  by  Cardozo  was  the  immediate  cause  of 
its  failure.  The  Treasurer  was  charged  with  having  deliberately 
planned  and  contrived  the  ruin  of  this  bank  ;  if  so,  then  he  delibe- 
rately planned  the  destruction  of  two  hundred  thousand  dollars  of 
which  he  was  the  legal  custodian  and  the  imposition  of  heavier  bur- 
dens on  the  people.  The  most  noticeable  feature  in  this  history  is 
that  the  only  persons  who  seemed  to  have  anything  to  do  with  this 
serious  loss  were  Dunn,  an  adventurer,  the  Controller,  and  Cardozo, 
a  mulatto,  who  quarreled  lustily  over  it  ;  and  we  had  become  so 
used  to  such  scenes  that  we  scarcely  felt  astonished  at  the  charge, 
when  in  a  matter  in  which  the  State  was  so  deeply  interested  it  was 
these  two  creatures  alone  who  seemed  to  have  any  authority  to  ex- 
amine or  to  act. 

The  case  of  Niles  G.  Parker,  who  was  administrator  of  the  Sink- 
ing Fund,  is  one  of  the  most  singular  cases  on  record  of  a  prosecu- 
tion of  a  high  civil  functionary  for  a  gross  violation  of  his  trust. 
Corruption  appears  in  every  line  of  it,  and  in  no  case  has  the  law 
ever  been  rendered  so  contemptible.  This  Parker  was,  I  believe, 
from  New  Hampshire,  where,  it  is  said,  he  was  a  barkeeper.  Com- 
mg  to  South  Carolina  with  the  Federal  army,  he  remained  behind 
for  his  own  benefit.  After  Governor  Canby  began  to  exercise  the 
functions  of  Satrap,  he  dismissed  from  office  some  of  the  coun- 
cilmen  of  Charleston,  and  in  the  exercise  of  his  wisdom  gave 
Parker  one  of  the  seats  thus  vacated.  I  am  not  aware  that  he  dis- 
tinguished himself  as  a  councilman,  but  his  ambition  led  him  to 
Columbia,  where  he  was  put  in  charge  of  the  Sinking  Fund.  He 
was  arrested  on  the  charge  of  having  embezzled  coupons  of  the 
State  bonds  to   the  value  of  #225,000.      There   is  an  inextricable 


200  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

mystery  connected  with  this  whole  transaction.  The  Attorney- 
General  was  unwilling  to  sue  and  declined  the  assistance  of  some 
distinguished  lawyers  in  Columbia  who  had  urged  the  prosecution. 
One  Ladd  who  had  been  an  employee  of  Parker,  and  who  had 
attempted  to  escape  on  Parker's  arrest,  declared  on  the  trial  that  he 
saw  in  Parker's  possession  coupons  to  the  amount  of  $450,000, 
which  were  to  be  distributed  among  partes  whom  he  named.  Par- 
ker himself  was  to  have  $75,000  and  Chamberlain  $50,000.  On  this 
testimony  the  jury  found  that  Parker  was  indebted  to  the  State  in 
the  sum  of  $75,000,  the  value  of  the  coupons  which  he  had  kept  as 
his  share  of  the  plunder,  and  took  no  notice  of  the  $300,000  which 
had  been  lost  by  his  connivance,  thus  actually  sanctioning  the 
monstrous  act  by  which  he  had  thrown  away  such  an  immense  sum 
that  he  was  bound  to  keep.  He  ought  to  have  been  convicted  of  a 
gross  embezzlement,  he  was  treated  as  an  insolvent  debtor.  Judge 
Carpenter  ordered  him  to  be  kept  in  jail  until  the  debt  should  have 
been  paid.  A  practice  had  grown  into  use  in  this  State  for  the 
State  officers  to  go  to  the  North  to  enjoy  their  holidays.  Judge 
Carpenter  went  to  the  North  soon  after  the  Parker  case  was  over, 
and  the  Governor  also  went  away  for  recreation.  Parker,  after 
remaining  in  jail  a  short  time,  made  his  escape,  but  was  quickly 
captured,  and  now  an  extraordinary  effort  was  successfully  made, 
not  only  to  release  him,  but  to  give  him  absolute  freedom  from  all 
claims  which  might  be  brought  against  him.  Judge  Mackey,  from 
another  circuit,  was  brought  in  to  try  a  process  of  habeas  corpus. 

This  eccentric  judge  decided  that  the  verdict  of  the  jury  had  made 
Parker  a  debtor  to  the  State  ;  that  as  the  prisoner  had  represented 
that  all  his  property  lay  in  the  State,  the  State  could  proceed  only 
against  that,  and  that  he  could  not  be  imprisoned  for  debt.  After 
this  release  of  a  prisoner  guilty  of  such  gross  embezzlement,  the 
sheriff  proceeded  to  rearrest  Parker  for  other  fraudulent  transactions, 
but  was  repulsed  by  the  judge,  who  declared  Parker  to  be  under  the 
protection  of  the  court.  A  day  or  two  afterwards  Parker  was 
brought  before  a  trial  justice  on  a  charge  of  fraudulent  transactions, 
and  was  released  on  slender  bail.  Not  long  afterwards  he  withdrew 
from  the  State. 

It  is  needless  to  go  over  the  several  incidents  of  the  summer,  the 
election  riots  in  Charleston  and  the  unblushing  effrontery  of  the 
petty  officials  of  the  government.  There  was  scarcely  a  day  in 
which  the  white  people  were  not  made  to  feel  that  the  struggle  was  at 
hand,   the  event  of  which  was  to  be  their  liberation,  or  to  plunge 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  201 

them  into  hopeless  apathy.  One  sentiment  pervaded  the  whole 
body  of  them  ;  they  were  on  their  trial,  and  any  false  step  would 
prove  their  ruin,  by  furnishing  President  Grant  with  a  plausible  pre- 
text for  resorting  to  the  strong  hand. 

ELECTION    OF    WHIPPER    AND    MOSES. 

The  Legislature  met  as  usual  in  December.  The  great  event  of 
this  session  was  to  be  the  election  of  judges.  Judge  Reed  had  been 
elected  to  supply  the  vacancy  occasioned  by  the  death  of  Judge 
Graham,  and  Shaw  to  supply  that  occasioned  by  the  death  of  Judge 
Greener.  It  was  supposed  that  the  term  of  office  of  these  judges 
would  expire  with  that  of  the  judges  to  whose  places  they  succeeded. 
There  was  also  a  third  vacancy  in  the  Southern  circuit.  Elliott, 
determined  that  the  Radical  vote  should  be  given  to  Moses,  the  late 
Governor,  in  place  of  Shaw,  and  to  Whipper  in  place  of  Reed. 
Chamberlain  openly  and  earnestly  opposed  the  election  of  these  two 
men.  He  regarded  it  as  sounding  the  knell  of  civilization,  and  acted 
accordingly.  As  long  as  he  remained  in  Columbia  he  contrived  to 
keep  off  the  election.  The  Governor  had  an  engagement  of  a  lite- 
rary kind  in  Greenville  on  the  i8th  December.  A  message  had  been 
sent  from  the  Senate  proposing  to  go  into  the  election  that  day. 
Chamberlain  waited  in  the  State- House  for  an  answer.  It  was  laid 
on  the  table.  In  an  interview  with  the  Speaker  he  was  assured  that 
the  matter  would  not  be  called  up  directly,  and  with  this  assurance 
he  went  to  Greenville.  He  was  scarcely  out  of  Columbia  before  it 
was  proposed  to  go  forthwith  into  the  election  of  judges.  When  the 
election  was  going  on  Elliott,  the  Speaker,  declared  that  he  would 
measure  the  members  by  the  votes  which  they  should  give  on  this 
occasion.  The  negro  Whipper  was  elected  to  fill  the  bench  on  the 
Charleston  circuit.  The  election  caused  a  shock  like  that  of  electricity 
to  pass  through  the  country.  The  Governor  emphatically  declared 
that  the  civilization  of  the  Puritan  and  the  Huguenot  was  in  danger. 
The  citizens  of  Charleston  met  to  protest  against  the  outrage,  and  to 
devise  means  to  protect  themselves  from  it,  and  the  bar  resolved  to 
ignore  Whipper  and  defend  the  right  of  Judge  Reed  to  keep  his  seat. 

On  the  2 1  St  the  Governor  issued  commissions  to  all  the  recently 
elected  judges  except  Moses  and  Whipper,  which  he  withheld  on 
the  technical  ground  that  as  the  term  of  service  of  Shaw  and  Reid 
had  not  expired  there  was  no  vacancy  in  those  circuits  and  the  elec- 
tion of  successors  was  nugatory.     The  objection  was  purely  techni- 


202  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

cal,  and  as  it  answered  fully  the  purpose  desired  it  was  perhaps 
better  than  any  other  objection  could  have  been.  This  refusal,  on 
whatever  ground,  was  hailed  with  acclamation,  and  Chamberlain  was 
rapidly  overcoming  the  ill-will  which  too  many  of  his  acts  had 
gained.  Soon  afterwards  the  State  Democratic  Committee  wrote  a 
letter  to  the  people  in  his  commendation,  and  suggested  that  he 
ought  to  receive  their  support  at  the  next  election  for  Governor  ; 
nay,  so  decidedly  had  he  won  the  people  that  Senator  Morton  raised 
the  cry  of  alarm  and  charged  him  with  having  deserted  his  party 
and  courting  the  Democrats.  To  this  malignant  attack  the  Gov- 
ernor ably  and  conclusively  replied  that  it  was  not  the  intent  of  the 
Republican  party  to  be  represented  by  negroes  and  swindlers,  and 
it  was  not  courting  the  Democrats  if  by  well-doing  and  acting 
for  the  best  interests  of  the  Republican  party  good  Democrats 
could  be  won  over  to  that  party.  The  words  were  wise,  and  if 
Chamberlain  had  possessed  moral  courage  he  might  have  com- 
manded the  support  of  the  people  of  the  State.  Six  years 
of  misrule  had  prepared  them  to  welcome  any  one  who 
would  give  them  the  blessing  of  a  pure  government,  but  Chamber- 
lain was  too  weak  a  man  to  be  a  wise  man,  and  a  pure  government 
was  not  to  be  had  until  he  had  suffered  the  humiliation  of  a  shame- 
ful defeat.  While  he  was  growing  in  favor  with  the  people,  his 
political  friends  were  eagerly  engaged  in  criminating  each  other. 
They  were  witnesses  against  themselves  that  corruption  was  uni- 
versal, and  it  was  impossible  that  a  government  so  corrupt  could 
sustain  itself  It  might  well  be  that  the  Governor  earnestly  wished 
for  reform;  and  certainly  many  of  his  political  friends  feared  that  he 
was  in  earnest  in  his  professions.  In  the  Legislature  there  were 
topics  discussed,  among  which  were  investigations  of  official  mis- 
conduct, but  these  were  too  common  to  excite  any  special  interest, 
and  the  public  knew  from  the  experience  of  the  past  that  they  would 
result  in  nothing.  One  scene  may  be  reported  as  calculated  to  give 
an  idea  of  the  tone  and  bearing  of  the  House  of  Representatives. 
Whipper  had  pronounced  agauist  the  Governor  a  vituperative 
speech,  which  he  contrived  in  some  way  to  have  recorded  in  the 
Journal  of  the  House.  The  subject  was  brought  to  its  notice  on  a 
motion  to  expunge  it,  when  a  bitter  controversy  took  place  between 
the  speaker,  Elliott,  and  Whipper.  The  same  man  who  but  a  few 
weeks  before  had  declared  that  the  test  of  a  member's  Republican- 
ism was  to  vote  for  Whipper,  now  openly  denounced  him  as  an 
ingrate,  a  falsifier  and  a  knave.     We  may  form  a  faint  idea  of  the 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  203 

the  character  of  Whipper's  speech  against  Chamberlain  when  we 
are  told  that  when  the  subject  came  up  for  discussion,  the  few 
ladies  (?)  who  were  in  the  galleries  were  turned  out,  and  the  door- 
keeper instructed  to  give  admittance  to  none  during  the  discussion. 
How  self-respecting  ladies  could  condescend  to  give  their  presence 
at  the  meetings  of  this  motley  assembly,  I  cannot  understand,  but 
the  speeches  must  have  been  filthy  in  the  extreme  when  such  an  as- 
semblage thought  it  expedient  to  exclude  the  weaker  and  more 
delicate  sex. 

In  April  of  this  year  a  Convention  of  the  Republicans  was  held 
to  appoint  delegates  to  the  National  Convention,  to  meet  in  Cincin- 
nati, for  the  purpose  of  nominating  their  candidates  for  President 
and  Vice-President  of  the  United  States.  Chamberlain's  popularity 
was  waning  with  his  own  party,  and  it  was  understood  that  elections 
of  this  Convention  were  to  be  a  test  of  his  power.  He  and  Patter- 
son were  the  prominent  candidates  to  represent  the  State  at  large, 
and  both  factions  were  arranging  their  forces  to  meet  the  crisis. 
Senator  Morton  had  denounced  Chamberlain  for  courting  the  Dem- 
ocrats. He  felt  that  his  position  was  insecure  and  that  he  needed 
all  the  aid  he  could  get.  He  wrote  accordingly  to  President  Grant, 
to  define  and  defend  his  position  in  the  matter  of  the  judges,  avow- 
ing his  great  ambition  to  give  the  vote  of  South  Carolina  for  a  Re- 
publican President  at  the  next  election,  and  praying  for  the  moral  aid 
of  the  government  to  protect  him  against  his  enemies,  the  extreme 
radicals.  As  the  leader  of  the  Republican  party  he  naturally  ex- 
pected the  first  place  on  the  delegation.  But  his  claim  was  opposed 
by  a  host  of  discontented  Radicals.  Patterson,  Elliott,  Leslie,  Whitte- 
more.  Bowen,  all  the  leaders  of  the  party,  were  against  him.  The  only 
supporters  he  had  were  Cardozo  and  the  eccentric  Judge  Mackey. 
The  latter  did  not  hesitate  to  denounce  Elliott  and  others  and  all 
who  had  voted  for  Whipper  and  Moses  as  a  band  of  thieves  and 
robbers  who  had  plundered  the  State.  When  we  reflect  that  nearly 
a  hundred  of  these  men  were  present  in  the  convention  the  audacity 
of  this  denunciation  was  at  least  remarkable.  But  one  of  the  most 
remarkable  things  in  Carolina  Radicals  is  the  meekness  and  Chris- 
tian-like spirit  with  which  they  receive  abuse.  As  a  test  of  the  feel- 
ing of  the  convention,  Scrails,  a  negro  Senator  from  Williamsburg, 
and  not  Chamberlain,  was  elected  to  preside,  and  the  Governor  was 
compelled  to  listen  to  speeches  in  which  he  was  denounced  in  no 
measured  terms  for  deserting  the  party  and  courting  the  Democrats. 
Judge  Carpenter  denounced   him  not  only  for  deserting  the  party, 


204  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

but  for  a  pretended  zeal  for  reform,  when  in  fact  all  the  enormities 
of  Scott's  administration  had  been  perpetrated  with  his  knowledge 
and  consent,  as  he  was  at  that  time  not  only  Attorney  Gen- 
eral but  a  member  of  the  advisory  boards  connected  with  all  those 
monstrous  frauds.  He  also  exposed  other  tricks  of  the  reforming 
(iovernor.  To  this  crushing  speech  Chamberlain  made  a  reply, 
which,  if  not  triumphant,  gave  him  for  the  time  a  triumph.  It  was 
received  with  cheers,  and  he  was  afterwards  elected  to  the  first  place 
on  the  delegation,  but  he  could  not  get  a  vote  approving  of  his  ad- 
ministration. 

In  Mav  the  Democratic  party  met  to  send  delegates  to  the  Na- 
tional Convention  to  be  held  at  St.  Louis.  The  feeling  in  this  body 
was  very  much  divided.  A  large  portion,  having  no  confidence  in 
Chamberlain,  urged  the  propriety  of  proceeding  at  once  to  adopt  an 
exclusively  Democratic  policy  and  to  abandon  all  temporizing.  But 
more  prudent  counsels  prevailed,  and  it  was  determined  to  watch 
the  current  of  events  before  committing  themselves  to  any  policy. 

Indeed,  it  was  no  easy  problem  for  the  people  to  solve.  For  eight 
years  the  State  had  been  governed  as  a  conquered  territory.  Free 
suffrage  existed,  but  only  to  give  a  color  of  legality  to  the  acts  of 
those  strangers  who  were  preying  on  her  vitals,  and  had  made  her  a 
disgrace  to  civilization.  No  Carolinian,  except  such  as  Moses,  had 
a  voice  or  a  hand  in  any  matter  that  concerned  her  interests.  Her 
finances  were  in  the  hands  of  people  that  she  knew  not.  Matters  of 
the  utmost  moment  were  settled  for  her  by  men  whom  she  knew  not, 
or  knew  only  as  loathesome  objects.  Her  prospects  were  growing 
worse  every  year.  In  1870,  in  the  hope  of  obtaining  some  relief 
from  the  evils  that  pressed  upon  her,  she  had  put  forward  a  promi- 
nent Radical  to  be  her  candidate  for  Governor,  and  in  the  hope  of 
success,  had  made  every  concession  that  a  spirited  people  could 
make  to  w^in  over  the  blacks  to  their  side.  Their  overtures  were  re- 
jected with  contempt,  and  Chamberlain  himself  was  loudest  in 
denouncing  the  reformation  which  was  aimed  at.  In  1874,  availing 
themselves  of  a  split  in  the  Republican  party,  they  rallied  to  the  aid 
of  that  faction  which  seemed  less  steeped  in  corruption  and  gave 
their  vote  to  Judge  Greener  against  Chamberlain.  But  the  man 
they  had  opposed  seemed  determined  to  make  a  reality  of  the 
promise  of  reform  which  had,  as  a  matter  of  course,  been  brought 
forward  as  their  platform,  and  they  gave  the  Governor  the  aid  of  a 
steady,  consistent  and  sometimes  even  unnecessary  support  ;  and 
though  he  was  far  from  being  a  Democrat,   though  many  of  his  acts 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  205 

were  not  to  their  liking,  yet  it  seemed  that,  all  things  considered,  the 
prospect  of  reform  was  better  with  him  than  with  any  one  else  ;  and 
his  conduct  in  the  matter  of  the  judges  had  won  their  unqualified 
approbation.  He  had  acted  manfully  in  a  case  which  made  the 
blood  of  every  Carolinian  tingle  with  indignation,  and  very  many 
thought  that  the  wisest  and  best  thing  that  the  people  could  do  was 
to  give  him  their  support  at  the  next  election.  But  the  Governor 
excited  no  enthusiasm.  We  could  lavish  praises  upon  him  for  good 
service,  but  no  one  had  implicit  faith  in  him.  His  words  never  went 
to  our  hearts.  It  was  uneasily  felt  that  he  was  not  a  true  man. 
Judge  Carpenter  had  shown  that  his  word  was  not  to  be  depended 
upon.  He  was  too  anxious  to  stand  well  with  Morton,  and  he  too 
evidently  stood  in  awe  of  Grant.  He  was  a  man  of  culture — knew 
what  the  world  held  highest,  and  perhaps  in  his  better  moments 
would  have  gladly  been  the  minister  of  that  highest  good,  but  he 
lacked  courage  to  embrace  it,  if  he  was  in  danger  of  forfeiting  the 
Radical  support.  He  might  set  at  defiance  Whipper  and  Elliott, 
negroes  whom  he  despised,  but  he  could  not  bear  the  frown  of 
Morton,  nor  brook  the  rude  displeasure  of  Grant.  All  this  was 
known  even  to  those  who  were  willing  to  stand  by  him,  but  what 
hope  was  there  that  the  incubus  of  radicalism  could  be  shaken  off? 
Again  and  again  had  efforts  been  made  to  do  so,  but  they  were  met 
by  a  solid  and  stolid  majority  of  twenty  thousand  black  votes.  The 
negro  would  go  to  his  white  neighbor  for  aid  and  counsel  (in  all  his 
troubles),  which  were  freely  given,  but  when  an  election  was  to  be 
held  he  went  to  the  polls  and  obediently  voted  the  ticket  given  him 
by  the  stranger  who  stood  between  him  and  his  friends.  A  secret 
power,  called  the  Union  League,  attended  every  negro  to  the  polls, 
and  the  free  suffrage  was  only  the  proof  of  the  despotic  rule  which 
was  exercised  over  him  by  the  ambitious  and  designing  stranger. 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas. 

BY   GEORGE   W.  GIFT. 

[Concluded.] 


This  is  our  last  chapter,  and  most  painful  and  difficult  is  it  to 
write;  for  we  have  no  longer  to  tell  of  gallant  deeds  and  great 
achievements.  Our  task  now  is  simply  to  relate  the  last  adventures 
of  the  great  ship,  to  tell  how  her  engines  broke  down,  and  it  be- 
came an  act  of  duty  to  apply  the  torch  to  her.     We  will  write  her 


•20(\  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

obituary  and  be  done.  Shortly  after  the  events  related  in  the  last 
chapter  the  enemy  embarked  his  troops  on  board  transports  and 
gave  up  the  bombardment  of  Vicksburg  for  1862.  He  had  never 
attempted  a  siege,  inasmuch  as  his  force  of  infantry  was  inferior  to 
ours,  and  he  did  not  occupy  the  same  side  of  the  river  as  that  on 
which  X'icksburg  stands,  but  merely  under  cover  and  by  virtue  of 
his  superior  naval  force,  was  able  to  occupy  a  position  near  Vicks- 
burg, from  which  he  could  throw  shells  into  the  town.  The  same 
thing  occurred  at  Charleston  and  several  other  places.  And  I 
think  that  it  would  be  no  difficult  matter  to  show  that  the  navy  of  the 
United  States  had  more  to  do  with  destroying  the  Confederate 
States  than  the  army — or  rather  that  the  operations  of  the  army  of 
the  United  States  could  have  been  easily  checked,  and  it  over- 
whelmed and  beaten  back  across  the  border,  and  kept  there,  but 
for  the  powerful  cooperation  of  the  navy.  Therefore  the  great  error 
in  policy  of  those  who  guided  the  destinies  of  the  South  was  in  not 
putting  afloat  at  an  early  day  a  navy  superior  to  that  of  the  United 
States.  There  are  those,  probably,  who  being  but  slightly  ac- 
quainted with  such  matters,  will  urge  that  it  was  an  impossibility  so 
to  do.  They  are  greatly  in  error.  I  hazard  little  when  I  say  that 
if  the  great  Mississippi  had  been  completed  at  New  Orleans  a  month 
before  she  was  burned,  the  Confederate  States  would  now  be  one  of 
the  nations  of  the  earth,  instead  of  conquered  provinces. 

Shortly  after  the  enemy  left  the  shore  opposite  Vicksburg  an  ex- 
pedition was  planned  against  Baton  Rouge,  General  John  C.  Breck- 
inridge to  command.  After  the  army  had  arrived  at  Tangipahoa  it 
was  determined  to  ask  for  the  assistance  of  the  Arkansas.  Captain 
Brown  was  sick  at  Grenada,  and  telegraphed  Stevens  not  to  go 
down,  as  the  machinery  was  not  reliable.  Application  was  made  by 
General  Van  Dorn  to  Commodore  Lynch,  who  gave  the  order  to 
proceed  down  the  river  as  soon  as  possible.  The  vessel  was  hur- 
riedly coaled  and  provisioned,  and  men  and  officers  hastened  to  join 
her.  Captain  Brown  left  his  bed  to  regain  his  ship,  but  arrived  too 
late.  He  subsequently  followed  down  by  rail  and  assumed  command 
of  the  crew  shortly  after  the  destruction  of  the  vessel.  The  reader 
must  not  construe  any  remark  here  to  reflect  on  Stevens.  Such  is 
not  my  intention.  He  was  a  conscientious.  Christian  gentleman,  a 
zealous  and  efficient  officer.  In  the  performance  of  his  duty  he  was 
thorough,  consistent  and  patriotic.  His  courage  was  of  the  truest 
and  highest  type  ;  in  the  face  of  the  enemy  he  knew  nothing  but  his 
duty,  and  always  did  it.     Under  this  officer  we  left  Vicksburg  thirty 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  207 

hours  before  General  Breckinridge  had  arranged  to  make  his  attacks. 
The  short  time  allowed  to  arrive  at  the  rendezvous  made  it  impera- 
tive that  the  vessel  should  be  driven  up  to  her  best  speed.  This 
resulted  in  the  frequent  disarrangements  of  the  machinery  and  con- 
sequent stoppages  to  key  up  and  make  repairs.  Every  delay  re- 
quired more  speed  thereafter  in  order  to  meet  our  appointment. 
Another  matter  operated  against  us.  We  had  been  compelled  to 
leave  behind,  in  the  hospital,  our  chief  engineer,  George  W.  City, 
who  was  worn  out  and  broken  down  by  excessive  watching  and 
anxiety.  His  care  and  nursing  had  kept  the  machinery  in  order  up 
to  the  time  of  leaving.  We  soon  began  to  feel  his  loss.  The  en- 
gineer in  charge,  a  volunteer  from  the  army,  had  recently  joined  us, 
and  though  a  young  man'*'  of  pluck  and  gallantry,  and  possessed  of 
great  will  and  determination  to  make  the  engines  work,  yet  he  was 
unequal  to  the  task.  He  had  never  had  anything  to  do  with  a  screw 
vessel  or  short-stroke  engines,  and,  being  zealous  for  the  good  re- 
pute of  his  department,  drove  the  machinery  beyond  its  powers  of 
endurance. 

The  reader  may  wonder  why  the  machinery  of  a  vessel  of  so  much 
importance  should  have  been  entrusted  to  a  strange  and  inexpe- 
rienced person,  and  ask  for  an  explanation.  Were  there  not  other 
engineers  than  Mr.  City  in  the  navy,  and,  if  so,  where  were 
they  ?  There  were  dozens  of  engineers  of  long  experience  and  high 
standing  at  that  time  in  the  navy,  most  of  whom  were  idle  at 
Richmond  and  other  stations.  At  or  near  the  mouth  of  Red  river, 
the  engines  had  grown  so  contrary  and  required  to  be  hammered  so 
much  that  Stevens  deemed  it  his  duty  to  call  a  council  of  war  to 
determine  whether  it  was  proper  to  proceed  or  return.  The  en- 
gineer was  summoned  and  gave  it  as  his  opinion  that  the  machinery 
would  hold  out,  and  upon  that  statement  we  determined  to  go  ahead. 
A  few  miles  below  Port  Hudson  he  demanded  a  stoppage  to  key  up 
and  make  all  things  secure  before  going  into  action.  We  landed  at 
the  right  bank  of  the  river,  and  I  was  dispatched  with  Bacot  to  a 
house  near  by  to  get  information.  After  a  deal  of  trouble  we  gained 
admittance  and  learned  that  the  naval  force  of  the  enemy  at  Baton 
Rouge  consisted  of  our  particular  enemy,  the  Essex,  and  one 
or  two  small  sea-going  wooden  gunboats.  This  was  very  satis- 
factory. We  learned,  also,  that  Breckinridge  was  to  attack  at 
daylight ;    that  his   movements  had    been  known  for  several  days 


*  I  have  forgotten  his  name. 


208  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

on  that  side  of  the  river;  yet  it  will  be  borne  in  mind  that 
this  important  secret  could  not  be  entrusted  to  high  officers 
of  the  navy  until  a  few  hours  before  they  were  to  co-operate  in  the 
movement.  At  daylight  we  heard  our  gallant  troops  commence 
the  engagement.  The  long  rattle  of  the  volleys  of  musketry, 
mixed  with  the  deep  notes  of  artillery,  informed  us  that  we  were 
behind,  and  soon  came  the  unmistakable  boom  of  heavy  navy  guns, 
which  plainly  told  us  that  we  were  wanted — that  our  iron  sides 
should  be  receiving  those  missiles  which  were  now  mowing  down 
our  ranks  of  infantry.  In  feverish  haste  our  lines  were  cast  off 
and  hauled  aboard,  and  once  more  the  good  ship  was  driving  to- 
wards the  enemy.  Like  a  war-horse  she  seemed  to  scent  the  battle 
from  afar,  and  in  point  of  speed  outdid  anything  we  had  ever  be- 
fore witnessed.  There  was  a  fatal  error.  Had  she  been  nursed 
then  by  our  young  and  over-zealous  engineer  she  would  have 
again  made  her  mark  in  the  day's  fight.  We  were  in  sight 
of  Baton  Rouge.  The  battle  had  ceased;  our  troops  had  driven 
the  enemy  to  the  edge  of  the  water,  captured  his  camps  and  his 
positions,  and  had  in  turn  retired  before  the  heavy  broadsides  of 
the  Essex,  which  lay  moored  abreast  of  the  arsenal.  Our  officers 
and  crew  went  to  quarters  in  high  spirits,  for  once  there  was  a 
chance  to  make  the  army  and  country  appreciate  us.  Baton  Rouge 
is  situated  on  a  "reach"  or  long,  straight  stretch  of  river,  which 
extends  three  or  four  miles  above  the  town.  We  were  nearly  to 
the  turn  and  about  to  enter  the  "reach;"  the  crew  had  been  mus- 
tered at  quarters,  divisions  reported,  and  all  the  minute  preparations 
made  for  battle  which  have  before  been  detailed,  when  Stevens  came 
on  deck  with  Brady,  the  pilot,  to  take  a  final  look  and  determine  upon 
what  plan  to  adopt  in  his  attack  on  the  Essex.  It  was  my  watch 
and  we  three  stood  together.  Brady  proposed  that  we  ram  the 
Essex  and  sink  her  where  she  lay,  then  back  out  and  put  ourselves 
below  the  transports  and  wooden  gunboats  as  soon  as  possible  to 
cut  off  their  retreat.  Stevens  assented  to  the  proposal  and  had  just 
remarked  that  we  had  better  go  to  our  stations,  for  we  were  in  a 
hundred  yards  of  the  turn,  when  the  starboard  engine  stopped  sud- 
denly, and,  before  the  man  at  the  wheel  could  meet  her  with  the 
helm,  the  ship  ran  hard  and  fast  aground,  jamming  herself  on  to 
some  old  cypress  stumps  that  were  submerged.  We  were  in  full 
view  from  the  j^osition  General  Breckinridge  had  taken  up  to  await 
our  attack.  All  day  long  he  remained  in  line  of  battle  prepared  to 
move  forward  again,  but  in  vain.     On    investigation   it  was  found 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  209 

that  the  engine  was  so  badly  out  of  order  that  several  hours  must 
be  consumed  before  we  could  again  expect  to  move.  There  lay  the 
enemy  in  plain  view,  and  we  as  helpless  as  a  shear-hulk.  Hundreds 
of  people  had  assembled  to  witness  the  fight.  In  fact,  many  ladies  in 
carriages  had  come  to  see  our  triumph.  They  waved  us  on  with 
smiles  and  prayers,  but  we  couldn't  go.  But  Stevens  was  not  the 
man  to  give  up.  A  quantity  of  railroad  iron,  which  had  been  laid 
on  deck  loose,  was  thrown  overboard,  and  in  a  few  hours  we  were 
afloat.  The  engineers  had  pulled  the  engine  to  pieces  and  with 
files  and  chisels  were  as  busy  as  bees,  though  they  had  been 
up  constantly  then  for  the  greater  parts  of  the  two  preceding 
nights.  At  dark  it  was  reported  to  the  commanding  officer  that 
the  vessel  could  be  moved.  In  the  meantime  some  coal  had 
been  secured  (our  supply  was  getting  short),  and  it  was  de- 
termined to  run  up  stream  a  few  hundred  yards  and  take  it 
in  during  the  night,  and  be  ready  for  hot  work  in  the  morning. 
Therefore  we  started  to  move,  but  had  not  gone  a  hundred  yards 
before  the  same  engine  broke  down  again;  the  crank  pin  (called  a 
"wrist"  by  Western  engineers)  of  the  rock-shaft  broke  in  two. 
Fortunately  one  of  the  engineers  was  a  blacksmith,  so  the  forge 
was  set  up  and  another  pin  forged.  But  this  with  our  improvised 
facilities  used  up  the  whole  night.  Meantime  the  enemy  became 
aware  of  our  crippled  condition,  and  at  daylight  moved  up  to  the 
attack.  The  Essex  led,  and  came  up  very  slowly,  at  a  rate  not  to 
exceed  two  miles  an  hour.  She  had  opened  on  us  before  the  last 
touch  had  been  given  to  the  pin,  but  it  was  finished  and  the  parts 
thrown  together.  As  the  ship  again  started  ahead  Stevens  remarked 
that  we  were  brought  to  bay  by  a  superior  force,  and  that  he  should 
fight  it  out  as  long  as  we  would  swim.  The  battle  for  the  su- 
premacy of  the  river  was  upon  us,  and  we  must  meet  the  grave 
responsibility  as  men  and  patriots.  His  plan  was  to  go  up  the 
river  a  few  hundred  yards  and  then  turn  on  and  dispatch  the 
Essex,  then  give  his  attention  to  the  numerous  force  of  wooden 
vessels  which  had  been  assembled  since  the  morning  before.  The 
pleasant  sensation  of  again  being  afloat  and  in  possession  of  the 
power  of  locomotion,  was  hardly  experienced  before  our  last  and 
final  disaster  came.  The  port  engine  this  time  gave  way,  broke 
down  and  would  not  move.  The  engineer  was  now  in  despair,  he 
could  do  nothing,  and  so  reported.  The  Essex  was  coming  up 
astern  and  firing  upon  us.  We  had  run  ashore  and  were  a  hopeless, 
immovable  mass.  Read  was  returning  the  fire,  but  the  two  ships 
2 


210  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

were  scarcely  near  enough  for  the  shots  to  tell.  We  were  not 
struck  by  the  Essex,  nor  do  I  think  we  struck  her.  An  army  force 
was  reported  by  a  mounted  "home  guard"  to  be  coming  up  the 
river  to  cut  off  our  retreat.  Stevens  did  not  call  a  council  of  war, 
but  himself  assumed  the  responsibility  of  burning  the  ship.  I  re- 
collect the  look  of  anguish  he  gave  me,  and  the  scalding  tears  were 
running  down  his  cheeks  when  he  announced  his  determination. 
Read  kept  firing  at  the  Essex  until  Stevens  had  set  fire  to  the  ward- 
room and  cabin,  then  all  jumped  on  shore,  and  in  a  few  moments 
the  flames  burst  up  the  hatches.  Loaded  shells  had  been  placed  at 
all  the  guns,  which  commenced  exploding  as  soon  as  the  fire  reached 
the  gun  deck.     This  was  the  last  of  the  Arkansas. 

I  am  aware  that  the  same  class  of  people  who  accused  the  Tifts 
of  treason  (the  stay-at-home-guards),  were  sure  that  the  engineer 
had  caused  the  engines  to  break  down.  I  am  also  aware  that  many 
lawyers,  doctors,  planters,  and  gentlemen  of  elegant  leisure,  who 
had  then  been  soldiering  a  twelve  month,  were  sure  they  could  have 
managed  the  business  much  better  than  the  gallant  and  experienced 
naval  officer  who  had  it  in  charge.  I  am  also  aware  that  several 
old,  influential  and  wealthy  sugar  planters  were  witnesses  of  the  dis- 
aster, and  gave  it  as  their  solemn  and  well  considered  opinion  (Jack 
Bunsby  was  in  the  habit  of  giving  "opinions"  also),  that  the  vessel 
was  "unnecessarily  sacrificed!"  I  trust  that  whoever  undertakes 
our  naval  history  will  give  due  weight  to  the  opinions,  suspicions 
and  insinuations  referred  to,  always  referring  to  their  source. 

We  have  now  told  all  about  the  career  of  our  great  ship.  We 
have  gone  with  her  through  fire  and  smoke,  death  and  destruction  ; 
and  if  the  reader  is  so  minded  we  will  go  back  and  learn  something 
more  of  her.  As  related  in  the  first  chapter,  she  was  built  a  short 
distance  below  the  city  of  Memphis  by  Captain  John  T.  Shirley.  It 
seems  that  Captain  Shirley  organized  in  the  early  months  of  1861 
what  he  called  a  river  brigade  ;  but  owing  to  the  lack  of  facilities 
for  operations  he  was  compelled  to  disband  his  force.  Not  being 
content,  however,  to  remain  idle,  he  conceived  the  plan  of  building 
a  couple  of  powerful  gunboats  for  river  service.  The  plan  was 
adopted  at  Richmond,  and  the  sum  of  $125,000  appropriated  for 
the  purpose.  This  sum  was  found  totally  inadequate,  and  in  order 
to  raise  funds,  which  were  supplied  tardily  by  the  Government, 
Captain  Shirley  was  compelled  to  sell  his  homestead.  Nothing 
daunted,  the  enthusiastic  projector  pushed  forward.  Competent 
mechanics  were  scarce,  and  he  sent  to  St.  Louis  for  them — for  the 


i 


The  Story  of  the  Arkansas.  211 

army  refused  to  allow  the  detail  of  men  to  work  on  gunboats.  Thus 
cramped  for  want  of  money  and  mechanics,  the  work  necessarily 
progressed  slowly.  One  vessel,  the  Arkansas,  was  finally  launched 
before  the  fall  of  New  Orleans,  and  the  other  was  burned  on  the 
stocks.  Orders  came  from  Richmond  to  tow  the  Arkansas  up  the 
Yazoo,  and  when  the  writer  joined  her  she  was  at  Greenwood.  Cap- 
tain Brown  assumed  command  of  her  at  that  place,  and  fearing  that 
the  water  would  get  too  low  to  float  her  out  after  she  was  completed, 
he  at  once  took  her  down  the  river  to  Yazoo  City.  Upon  arriving 
at  the  latter  place  the  outlook  was  certainly  anything  but  encour- 
aging. There  was  neither  foundry  or  machine  shop  in  the  place. 
The  ship  was  in  a  very  incomplete  condition.  The  iron  of  her  armor 
extended  only  a  foot,  or  a  little  more,  above  the  water  line,  and  there 
was  not  a  sufficiency  of  iron  on  hand  to  finish  the  entire  ship.  Of 
guns,  we  had  enough,  but  were  short  four  carriages.  In  the  matter 
of  ammunition  and  outfit  for  the  battery  we  were  also  very  deficient. 
It  was  fearfully  discouraging,  but  Brown  was  undismayed.  He 
summoned  the  planters  from  the  neighborhood  and  asked  for  labor- 
ers, and  all  the  blacksmiths'  tools  they  could  furnish.  In  a  few  days 
we  had  several  hundred  laborers  and  their  overseers.  Numbers  of 
forges  were  sent  in,  and  the  work  commenced.  The  hoisting  engine 
of  the  steamboat  Capital  was  made  to  drive  a  number  of  steam 
drills,  whilst  some  dozens  of  hands  were  doing  similar  work  by 
hand.  A  temporary  blacksmith  shop  was  erected  on  the  river  bank, 
and  the  ringing  of  the  hammer  was  incessant.  Stevens  went  to  Can- 
ton and  got  the  four  gun  carriages.  I  have  often  been  greatly 
amused  when  thinking  of  this  latter  achievement.  He  made  no 
drawing  before  his  departure,  not  knowing  that  he  could  find  a 
party  who  would  undertake  the  job.  Being  agreeably  disappointed 
in  this  latter  respect  he  wrote  back  for  the  dimensions  of  the  guns. 
With  two  squares  I  made  the  measurement  of  the  guns  ( all  different 
patterns)  and  sent  on  the  data.  In  a  week  or  a  little  more  Stevens 
appeared  with  four  ox  teams  and  the  carriages.  However  it  would 
take  more  space  than  is  necessary  to  recite  all  that  was  done,  and 
how  it  was  done.  It  is  sufficient  to  say  that  within  five  weeks  from 
the  day  we  arrived  at  Yazoo  City  we  had  a  man-of-war  (such  as  she 
was)  from  almost  nothing — the  credit  for  all  of  which  belongs  to 
Isaac  Newton  Brown,  the  commander  of  the  vessel. 

The  following  is  a  complete  list  of  the  officers  who  served  in  the 
Arkansas  during  her  four  great  battles.  Some  others  were  attached 
to  her  but  were  not  present  at  the  time  indicated  : 


212  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

I.  N.  Brown,  Mississippi,  Commander.  Lieutenants — Henry  K. 
Stevens,  South  Carolina;  John  Grimball,  South  Carolina;  A.  D. 
Wharton,  Tennessee;  Charles  W.  Read,  Mississippi;  Alphonse  Bar- 
bot,  Louisiana,  and  George  W.  Gift,  Tennessee.  Masters — Samuel 
Milliken,  Kentucky,  and  John  L.  Phillips,  Louisiana.  Midship- 
men— Dabney  M.  Scales,  Mississippi;  Richard  H.  Bacot,  South 
Carolina,  and  Clarence  W.  Tyler,  Virginia.  Master's  Mate,  John 
A.  Wilson,  Maryland;  Surgeon,  H.  W.  M.  Washington,  Virginia; 
Assistant  Surgeon,  C.  M.  Morfit,  Maryland;  First  Assistant  (acting 
Chief)  Engineer,  George  W.  City,  Virginia;  Second  Assistant  En- 
gineer, E.  Covert,  Louisiana;  Third  Assistant  Engineers,  W.  H. 
Jackson,  Maryland;  J.  T.  Dolan,  Virginia;  C.  H.  Browne,  Virginia; 
John  S.  Dupuy  and  James  Gettis,  Louisiana;  Gunner,  T.  B.  Trav- 
ers,  Virginia;  Pilots — ^John  Hodges,  James  Brady,  William  Gilmore 
and  J.  H.  Shacklett. 

Captain  Brown  is  now  a  successful  planter,  on  his  place  in  Bolivar 
county,  Mississippi;  Stevens,  poor  fellow,  was  killed  on  the  Bayou 
Teche,  in  Louisiana,  during  the  war;  Grimball  is  a  lawyer  in  New 
York  City;  Read  commands  a  fine  steamer  plying  between  New 
Orleans  and  Havana;  Barbot  is  dead;  Millikin  and  Phillips  are  both 
dead;  Scales,  no  longer  a  big  midshipman  with  a  round  jacket  on, 
is  a  lawyer  in  Memphis.  All  the  pilots  except  Shacklettt  are  dead. 
I  do  not  know  the  whereabouts  of  the  remainder. 


Letters    from    Fort    Sumter. 


By    Lieutenant    Iredell   Jones,    of    First    Regimerit   South    Carolitia 

Regulars. 

Fort  Sumter,  August  17,  1863. 

My  Dear  Father, — We  have  been  pretty  severely  pelted  and 
shelled  to-day.  The  enemy  opened  at  daybreak  this  morning  with 
their  monitors  and  land  batteries  on  Wagner  and  Sumter,  and  the 
bombardment  continued  with  unabated  fury  until  dark.  It  is  now  8 
o'clock  P.  M.,  and  the  land  batteries  are  firing  slowly  on  Sumter. 
For  some  reason  our  fort  did  not  reply  this  morning  until  1 1 130 
o'clock,  when  we  opened  a  brisk  fire  on  the  monitors  and  gunboats, 
and  in  the  course  of  an  hour  succeeded  in  driving  all  of  them  off.  The 
land  batteries,  however,  we  could  not  silence,  and  they  have  given 
us  bricks  all  day  long.     The  casualties  are  one  man  killed  and  fif- 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  213 

teen  privates  and  three  officers  wounded.  In  all  the  enemy  fired  910 
shots  at  the  fort,  out  of  which  600  struck.  The  fort  is  badly  used 
up — four  guns  dismounted,  though  all  unimportant.  Our  battery 
has  not  been  hurt  so  far.  We  expect  a  renewal  of  the  attack  to- 
morrow. Batteries  Wagner  and  Gregg  are  uninjured.  At  the 
former  the  casualties  were  seven  killed  and  twenty- eight  wounded  ; 
at  the  latter  one  killed  and  five  wounded.  *  *  * 

Iredell  Jones. 


Fort  Sumter,  August  19,  1863. 

My  Dear  Father, — The  bombardment  still  continues  hot  and 
heavy,  and  we  are  holding  out  as  well  as  possible  under  the  circum- 
stances. It  is  useless  longer  to  conceal  the  fact — the  fort  is  terribly 
knocked  to  pieces.  Though  there  is  no  reason  at  present  to  aban- 
don it,  its  fall  is  only  a  question  of  time.  Many  guns  have  been 
dismounted,  and  all  the  guns  on  the  gorge  face  are  unserviceable  on 
account  of  the  parapet's  being  knocked  away.  The  enemy  throw 
200-pound  Parrotts  at  us  at  the  rate  of  one  thousand  per  day.  They 
ceased  firing  last  night,  the  first  intermission  since  day  before  yester- 
day morning.  The  fort  has  not  replied  since  day  before  yesterday, 
though  our  main  battery  is  still  in  good  condition.  I  cannot  imagine 
the  reason,  and  the  policy  is  condemned  by  every  officer  of  the  gar- 
rison. It  may  not,  it  would  not,  alter  the  state  of  affairs  to  open 
fire,  but  the  honor  of  our  country,  the  honor  of  ourselves,  and  the 
reputation  of  the  gallant  old  fort  demands  it.  I  trust  we  will  remain 
and  fight  the  fort  to  the  very  last  extremity.  If  she  falls,  let  her  and 
her  devoted  defenders  fall  together  and  gloriously. 

The  Brooke  gun  was  disabled  yesterday  by  reason  of  part  of  her 
carriage  being  shot  away.  We  took  advantage  of  the  intermission 
last  night,  however,  to  replace  it  with  another  carriage,  and  the  gun 
is  all  right  again. 

It  is  now  12  o'clock  M.,  and  while  I  write  the  shells  are  bursting 
all  over  us  and  the  bricks  are  flying  wildly.  Yesterday  895  shots 
were  fired  at  us,  but  we  had  but  few  casualties.  Only  three  men 
slightly  wounded.  To-day  we  have  not  been  so  fortunate.  Already 
one  man  has  been  killed  and  five  wounded.  George  [a  colored  ser- 
vant] behaves  like  a  man.  I  gave  him  his  choice  to  go  to  town  or 
not,  as  he  wished.     He  replied  that  he  would  not  leave  me. 

Iredell  Jones. 


214  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


Fort  Sumter,  August  20,  1863. 

My  Dear  Mother, — At  last  we  have  a  little  rest  from  the  incessant 
fire  which  we  have  been  compelled  to  endure  since  daybreak  Mon- 
day morning.  For  four  days  the  enemy  has  been  pouring  in  his 
tuo-hundred-pound  shot  and  shell  from  the  land  batteries,  assisted 
by  fifteen-inch  shell  from  the  monitors,  and  we  have  been  forced  to 
shrink  our  shoulders  and  take  all  this  iron  hail  without  the  gratifica- 
tion of  replying.  But,  however  humiliating  this  may  appear,  it  is 
probably  the  wisest  policy.  We  have  but  one  battery  left,  and  we 
had  best  not  expose  the  guns  of  this,  to  be  dismounted,  like  all  the 
others,  when  by  using  them,  however  much,  we  could  not  change 
the  condition  of  things.  The  fact  is,  we  all  knoiu  now,  what  we  all 
thought  before,  that  the  fort  can't  stand  against  land  batteries.  I 
wish  not  to  create  alarm,  but  if  I  give  you  any  information  at  all  I 
must  tell  the  truth.  I  wish  not  to  make  others  despondent — and,  if 
I  ever  spoke  truth,  I  am  not  so  myself  That  the  fort  may,  and  is 
likely  to  be  abandoned,  I  think  very  probable  in  the  course  of  time, 
but  that  time  has  not  arrived.  It  may  be  weeks  or  months  before 
that  event  takes  place.  It  is  true  that  one-half  of  the  fort  is  laid  in 
ruins,  but  we  have  the  two  strongest  faces  left  almost  unhurt,  which, 
on  account  of  their  positions,  will  be  ten  times  more  difficult  to 
knock  down.  We  will  rest  quiet  until  the  ironclads  come  in,  when 
I  trust  we  will  be  able  again  to  reflect  credit  on  the  glorious  old  for- 
tification. Besides,  on  the  face  of  the  gorge,  the  bricks  falling  down 
on  the  sand  which  we  had  placed  outside,  have  accumulated  until 
they  have  built  up  of  themselves  a  complete  breastwork,  behind 
which  we  can  take  refuge.  No  one  that  has  not  been  here  to  wit- 
ness the  effect  of  the  enemy's  ordnance  can  have  the  least  concep- 
tion of  what  has  been  done  in  four  days.  Who,  on  Sunday  last, 
would  have  thought  that  even  the  weakest  face  of  this  fort  could 
have  been  knocked  down  by  guns  at  distances  ranging  between  two 
miles  and  three  miles?  I  expected  them  to  knock  it  down  when 
Wagner  fell,  but  I  admit  my  surprise  when  I  saw  them  open  on  us 
from  such  distances.  The  enemy  seems  to  have  abandoned  the  at- 
tack on  Wagner  for  the  present,  and  concluded,  justly,  that  they 
were  unaljle  to  take  it,  but  at  the  same  time  knowing  that  the  only 
way  to  make  it  fall  was  to  reduce  this  place,  and  we  may  expect  all 
their  hatred  to  be  raised  to  its  highest  pitch  towards  us  until  they 
accomplish  their  object.  *  *  As  yet  we  are  all  in  fine  spirits.     Like 


I 


Diary  of  Bev.  J.  G.  Low.  215 

others  under  similar  circumstances,  we  have  become  accustomed  to 
the  shelHng,  and  there  is  always  some  one  to  crack  a  joke.  We  slip  in 
any  corner  that  we  can  find — every  one  for  himself — while  we  know 
not  when  we  may  be  slapped  side  the  head  with  a  brickbat.  Nearly 
every  officer  has  been  struck,  more  or  less,  with  these  little  affairs. 
I  have  been  struck  several  times — once  on  the  arm  with  a  fragment 
of  a  shell,  which  stung  me  slightly,  but  did  not  even  break  the  skin. 
On  one  occasion  I  was  so  unlucky  as  to  get  a  brick  side  my  head, 
though  some  say  it  was  in  my  hat. 

There  were  no  casualties  to  day.  Captain  Gaillard  was  slightly 
wounded  in  the  ankle.  I  am  afraid  it  will  prove  more  painful  than 
it  is  even  now.  I  see  him  on  crutches  this  evening.  We  have  a 
good  many  negroes  in  the  garrison  for  the  purpose  of  rebuilding 
what  the  enemy  tears  down,  and  several  of  them  were  wounded, 
though  not  seriously.         *  *  *  *         *         *         ^i;         H< 

Iredell  Jones. 


Diary    of   Rev.   J.   G.    Law. 


July  ijth,  1862. — Spent  the  day  playing  chess  with  Dr.  Alexander 
Erskine.  News  has  been  received  of  the  capture  of  General  Curtis 
and  his  command  by  General  Hindman  in  Arkansas  ;  also  of  the 
"  debut  "  of  the  Confederate  ram  Arkansas.  She  passed  out  of  the 
Yazoo  river,  running  through  the  Federal  fleet,  sinking  two  of  their 
boats  and  disabling  others. 

Feel  very  uneasy  about  my  mother  and  sisters  in  Memphis,  as 
nothing  has  been  heard  from  them  since  the  12th  of  June,  and  Gen- 
eral Grant  has  issued  an  order  expelling  the  families  of  Confederate 
soldiers  from  the  city. 

Sunday,  July  20th. — This  morning  we  had  a  grand  re\'iew  of 
Cheatham's  division.  General  Polk  and  Governor  Harris  were  on 
the  field.  The  troops  presented  an  imposing  sight  as  the  several 
brigades  passed  in  review  with  banners  floating  to  the  breeze  and 
bayonets  gleaming  brightly  in  the  morning  sunbeams.  There  were 
five  brigades  on  the  field.  One  of  our  country  Captains  forgot 
"Hardee's  Tactics"  at  company  inspection,  and,  growing  des- 
perate, shouted,  "Prepare  to  open  ranks — widen  out,  split,"  and 
the  boys  split,  widened  out,  and  the  ranks  opened.  But  there  was 
some  side-splitting  on  that  occasion,  to  the  great  discomfiture  of  the 
gallant  Captain,  who  remembered  the  command,  "Order  in  ranks." 


216  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

But  the  Captain  knows   how  to  give  the  order,    "Fix  bayonets- 
charge  !  "  when  he  meets  the  Yankees. 

July  22d. — On  guard  to-day.  Donelson's  and  Maxey's  brigades 
left  this  morning.  Their  destination  is  supposed  to  be  Chattanooga, 
and  we  will  follow  on  in  a  few  days. 

The  camp  is  alive  with  joyous  excitement  to-night.  Glorious 
news  has  been  received  from  Morgan.  It  is  reported  that  he  is  cap- 
turing towns  and  prisoners  in  Kentucky,  threatening  Louisville,  and 
that  the  greatest  consternation  prevails  in  that  city,  and  that  the 
Federals  are  barricading  the  streets  to  keep  the  daring  chieftain  out. 
This  news  will  be  a  good  pillow  for  the  soldier's  couch  to-night. 

July  24th. — Our  brigade  received  orders  to  cook  three  days'  ra- 
tions and  prepare  to  march.  At  4  o'clock  P.  M.  we  were  ordered 
to  strike  tents  and  put  up  rations.  We  will  probably  not  get  off 
before  morning. 

July  2jfh. — Reveille  sounded  this  morning  at  2  o'clock,  and  we 
were  soon  all  ready  and  eager  for  the  march.  The  soldiers  are  in 
high  spirits  over  the  prospect  of  soon  stepping  on  the  soil  of  glo- 
rious old  Tennessee.  Before  the  dawn  of  day  we  were  formed  in 
line  and  on  the  march  for  Tupelo,  where  we  arrived  at  6  o'clock  A. 
M.,  and  after  a  delay  of  about  two  hours  the  engine  whistled,  and 
we  were  off.  Through  the  kindness  of  Colonel  Fitzgerald  I  was  ap- 
pointed doorkeeper  of  the  passenger  car,  and  have  a  comfortable 
seat.  We  have  passed  through  a  beautiful  country  to-day.  For 
miles  on  either  side  of  the  road  the  land  was  covered  with  green 
fields  of  waving  corn.  Many  fair  daughters  of  the  land  met  us  at 
the  stations  with  refreshments,  and  waving  their  handkerchiefs,  bid 
us  God  speed.  We  are  now  at  Artesia,  two  hundred  and  nine- 
teen miles  from  Mobile,  waiting  for  the  removal  of  obstructions  from 
the  track.  The  general  impression  is  that  we  are  executing  a  grand 
flank  movement,  and  that  the  enemy  will  be  forced  to  retreat  and 
confront  our  army  in  Tennessee  or  Kentucky. 

Jtcly  26th. — On  Mobile  bay.  We  arrived  at  Mobile  at  noon  to- 
day, after  a  very  pleasant  journey,  and  found  a  guard  of  cavalry 
drawn  up  around  the  depot  to  prevent  straggling  ;  without  delay 
the  regiment  marched  in  close  order  through  the  streets  of  the  city 
to  the  bay,  where  we  embarked  on  the  steamer  Natchez.  After  a 
delightful  ride  over  the  bay  we  arrived  at  the  depot  of  the  Florida 
and  Alabama  railroad,  and  will  leave  for  Montgomery  to-night.  We 
were  favored  with  a  distant  view  of  Lincoln's  blockading  fleet  as  we 
steamed  down  the  bay.     I  can  now  appreciate  as  never  before  the 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.   G.  Law.  21Y 

sentiment,  "Distance  lends  enchantment  to  the  view,"  for  if  we  had 
passed  within  range  of  the  blockader's  guns  our  passage  across  the 
bay  would  have  been  rather  disagreeable.  We  bought  several  water- 
mellons,  for  which  we  paid  from  one  dollar  to  one  dollar  and  fifty 
cents  a  piece. 

Sunday,  July  2'jth — Montgomery,  Alabama. — We  reached  this 
beautiful  little  city  this  evening  at  five  o'clock.  Here  I  had  the 
pleasure  of  meeting  Dr.  Erskine,  who  had  preceded  me  several  days. 
Walked  up  to  the  city  immediately  on  our  arrival,  and  enjoyed  a 
good  supper  at  the  Exchange  Hotel.  Attended  preaching  at  the 
Baptist  church,  in  company  with  a  Memphis  friend.  On  our  return 
to  the  hotel,  we  found  ourselves,  together  with  several  others,  sur- 
rounded by  bayonets,  and  were  politely  informed  that  we  were  of 
sufficient  importance  to  command  an  escort  of  honor  back  to  camp, 
and  that  a  guard  had  been  detailed  for  that  purpose.  Of  course  our 
modesty  compelled  us  to  protest  against  such  a  display,  and  the 
modesty  increased  as  visions  of  the  "guard-house"  rose  up  before 
us.  But  our  captors  were  inexorable,  and  so  we  were  marched 
back  to  camp,  and  halted  at  the  tent  of  Colonel  Fitzgerald.  The 
Colonel  came  out,  and  recognizing  his  prisoners,  laughed  heartily, 
and  told  us  to  go  to  our  quarters.     So  ended  my  first  arrest. 

July  jist — Chattanooga,  Tenyiessee. — Once  more  on  Tennessee 
soil.  Feel  like  falling  upon  the  bosom  of  my  old  Mother  State  and 
embracing  her  sacred  dust.  We  arrived  here  last  night,  after  six  days' 
travel  by  rail.  Left  Montgomery  on  Monday  at  two  o'clock  P.  M., 
and  arrived  at  West  Point  about  daylight  the  next  morning.  Paid  one 
dollar  for  breakfast  and  spent  the  morning  playing  chess  on  the 
banks  of  the  Chattahooche.      Enjoyed  a  bath  in  the  Alabama  river 

at  Montgomery,  and  called  to  see  my  friend  Mrs.  H and  family. 

Met  with  a  most  cordial  welcome,  and  the  dear,  good  woman  filled 
my  haversack  with  biscuit,  chicken,  and  teacakes.  What  a  feast  the 
boys  had  on  my  return  to  camp!  At  five  o'clock  Tuesday  evening 
we  left  West  Point,  and  passed  La  Grange,  running  at  full  speed. 
A  number  of  Georgia's  fair  daughters  were  at  the  depot,  and  as  we 
passed  waved  their  welcome  to  the  hospitalities  of  the  State.  Passed 
Atlanta  about  daylight,  and  arrived  at  Marietta  at  six  o'clock. 
As  the  train  was  delayed  here  for  several  hours,  a  beautiful  young 
lady  from  South  Carolina  prepared  breakfast  for  the  soldiers.  After 
a  sumptuous  feast  prepared  and  served  by  the  fair  hands  of  our 
patriotic  southern  girl,  I  walked  out  to  see  my  sweet  cousin,  Mrs. 
McL ,  and  returned  just  in  time  to  jump  on  the  train  as  it  was 


218  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

moving  oft".  At  nine  o'clock  in  the  evening  we  reached  Chatta- 
nooga, having  executed  a  flank  movement  wonderful  in  its  concep- 
tion, rapid  in  its  execution,  and  pregnant  with  great  results.  We 
have  changed  our  base  of  operations,  right-wheeled  around  the  flank 
of  the  enemy,  and  transferred  the  theatre  of  war  from  Mississippi  to 
Tennessee.  We  are  after  Buell,  and  may  expect  the  "tug  of  war" 
before  many  days. 

Sunday,  Audits/  jd.— Walked  up  to  the  top  of  Lookout  Moun- 
tain and  gathered  some  pebbles  from  the  point  of  the  rock.  En- 
joyed the  walk  very  much  ;  the  morning  was  clear  and  the  view 
magnificent.  Saw  the  names  of  some  friends  carved  in  the  rocks 
At  the  hotel,  where  brave  men  and  fair  women  were  wont  to  congre- 
gate at  this  season  of  the  year,  patriotic  soldiers  from  all  parts  of  the 
South  were  languishing  on  beds  of  sickness  and  pain.  What  a  revo- 
lutionizer  is  "grim-visaged  war"  !  Hotels,  watering  places,  plea- 
sure and  health  resorts,  and  even  holy  sanctuaries,  are  changed  into 
hospitals  for  sick,  wounded  and  dying  soldiers.  Church  bells  are 
melted  into  cannon  and  ploughshares  beaten  into  swords.  How 
long  shall  our  fair  land  be  deluged  in  blood  and  cursed  with  the 
ravages  of  war  ?  But  we  must  fight  on  until  our  independence  is 
won. 

Aiigust  4th. — Was  most  agreeably  surprised  this  morning  by  a 
visit  from  my  most  intimate  friend  and  kinsman,  Gus.  Gordon.  He 
is  Major  of  the  Sixth  Alabama  regiment,  and  was  severely  wounded 
at  the  battle  of  Seven  Pines.  He  is  now  convalescent  and  is  on  his 
way  to  rejoin  his  regiment  in  Virginia.  Gus  is  a  noble  fellow,  and  I 
love  him  as  tenderly  as  Jonathan  loved  David. 

August  ^th. — Walked  into  Chattanooga  this  morning  with  Gus. 
and  spent  the  day  with  him.  He  left  this  evening  for  Columbus, 
Georgia,  en  route  for  Virginia.  The  dear  fellow  was  thoughtful 
enough  to  bring  me  a  bag  of  vegetables  from  Sand  Mountain. 

August  6th. — On  guard  to-day;  fortunately  at  a  farmer's  house 
guarding  his  peach  trees.  Nothing  to  do  but  to  sit  in  my  chair, 
otium  cum  dignitate,  eat  as  much  fruit  as  my  appetite  calls  for,  and 
see  that  nobody  else  touches  a  peach.  The  old  man  is  a  curiosity. 
He  has  been  living  here  nine  years  and  has  never  seen  the  town  of 
Chattanooga.  His  house  is  at  the  foot  of  Lookout  Moiintain,  and 
he  has  never  been  on  the  top  of  the  mountain. 

August  8t)i. — Left  Chattanooga  at  2  o'clock.  Dined  at  the 
Crutchfield  House,  and  jumped  on  the  train  as  it  was  moving  off". 
At  Cleveland  while  Rembert  Trezevant  and  I  were  filling  canteens 


Chickamauga — A  Reply  to  3Iajor  Sykes.  219 

with  water  the  train  suddenly  started,  and  we  had  to  make  railroad 
time  by  striking  an  irregular  double-quick  step.  I  was  about  to  fall 
in  the  act  of  leaping  on  board  when  one  of  my  comrades  extended 
a  helping  hand  and  drew  me  safely  on  board. 

August  gtJi. — Awoke  this  morning  at  Knoxville.  Went  to  mar- 
ket and  bought  chickens  for  thirty-five  cents  apiece.  Breakfasted 
at  the  Bell  House. 

Sunday,  August  lot/i. — On  guard  last  night.  Attended  preaching 
at  the  Presbyterian  Church  and  listened  to  a  sermon  from  my  old 
friend  and  former  pastor,  the  Rev.  Joseph  H.  Martin.  The  good 
man  took  bodily  possession  of  me,  carried  me  home  with  him,  and 
sat  me  down  to  a  good,  plain  Sunday  dinner.  Five  years  ago  he 
received  me  into  the  communion  of  the  church  and  was  my  pastor 
during  my  brief  sojourn  in  this  place.  The  cloud  of  war  had  not 
gathered  over  our  country  then,  and  neither  of  us  dreamed  of  our 
meeting  again  in  this  place  under  the  present  circumstances.  But 
here  he  is  still  at  his  post  preaching  the  gospel  of  peace,  and  here  I 
am  at  my  post  as  a  soldier  of  my  country. 

We  are  encamped  on  the  Knoxville  and  Kentucky  railroad,  about 
one  mile  from  the  city. 


Chickamauga — A  Reply  to  Major  Sykes. 

Letter  from  James  M.  Goggin,  A.  A.  General  McLaivs's  Division. 

[We  regret  that  the  following  letter  from  a  gallant  soldier  has  been 
"crowded  out"  of  several  numbers.  We  publish  these  conflicting 
views  without  note  or  comment,  and  without  ' '  taking  sides ' '  with 
either.] 

Austin,  Texas,  January  2,  1884. 
Rev.  J.  William  Jones, 

Secretary  of  Southern  Historical  Society  : 

Sir, — In  the  last  number  of  the  Southern  Historical  Society 
Papers  I  find  a  "Cursory  Sketch"  of  General  Bragg  and  his  Cam- 
paigns," from  the  pen  of  Major  Sykes,  of  Columbus,  Miss.  His 
"Battle  of  Chickamauga"  is  certainly  calculated  to  mislead  the 
future  historian,  especially  in  regard  to  the  events  of  the  21st,  if  the 
statements  and  assertions  of  those  who  participated  actively  in  the 
inaction  of  that  day  are  worthy  of  credence. 

It  is  earnestly  to  be  hoped  that,  in  time,  we  may  get  at  the  bot- 
tom facts,  but,  as  yet,  notwithstanding  the  numerous  publications  on 


220  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  subject  by  your  Society,  as  well  as  through  other  mediums,  both 
North  and  South,  we  still  seem  to  be  as  far  from  a  satisfactory  solu- 
tion of  certain  questions  as  ever. 

That  the  Army  of  the  Confederate  States,  when  the  battle  closed 
on  Sunday,  the  20th,  had  won  one  of  the  greatest  victories  of  the 
war,  no  one,  be  he  Federal  or  Confederate,  who  participated  in  the 
fight,  will  for  a  moment  deny.  This  fact  was  patent  to  all  who  were 
on  the  field  the  next  morning. 

There  is  no  question  that  when  General  Rosencranz  determined 
to  give  General  Bragg  battle,  he  did  so  in  confidence  of  a  great  suc- 
cess, or,  to  use  General  Thomas's  own  language,  that  he  would  use 
the  rebels  up.     This  assurance  was  shared  by  other  officers. 

On  September  loth  General  Cruft  writes  to  his  Division  Com- 
mander, General  John  M.  Palmer:  "Have  skirmished  with  two 
regiments  of  mine  and  one  of  Colonel  Grose  to  a  point,  say  i^  to 
2  miles  front  of  Benview,  the  bald  place  you  see  on  the  Hill  from 
where  I  left  you.  The  enemy  had,  say  200  cavalry,  which  charged 
my  First  Kentucky  advanced  guard  after  the  cavalry  of  our  left, 
and  drove  them  in.  Have  driven  them  away  constantly  as  I  ad- 
vanced.    This  can  be  continued  ad  ijifinitum.^' 

General  Palmer  seems  to  have  been  so  well  pleased  with  General 
Cruft' s  ad  infinitum  idea  that  on  the  i8th  he  placed  him  in  com- 
mand of  a  division,  and  I  think  it  probable  that  if  General  P.  fur- 
nished the  Commander  of  the  Fourteenth  Corps  a  copy  of  Cruft' s 
communication  it  may  have  inspired  the  proposition  of  General 
Thomas  to  General  Palmer  on  the  19th,  It  may  also  have  had 
something  to  do  with  General  T.'s  bull-dog  tenacity  on  the  20th. 
General  Thomas  writes  as  follows: 

"Headquarters  Fourteenth  Army  Corps, 
Near  McDaniel's  House, 

September  19th,  9  A.  M.,  1863. 
Major-  General  Palmer  : 

The  rebels  are  reported  in  quite  a  heavy  force  between  you  and 
Alexander's  Mill. 

If  you  advance  as  soon  as  possible  on  them  in  front  while  I  attack 
them  in  flank  I  think  we  can  use  them  up. 

Respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

Geo.  H.  Thomas, 
Major-  General  Commanding. ' ' 


Chickamauga — A  Reply  to  Majo7'  Sykes.  221 

To  this  General  Palmer  promptly  responded  : 

"  Headquarters  Second  Division, 

TWENTV-FIRST   ArMY  CoRPS, 

Gordon's  Mill,  September  19th,  1863 — 10  A.  M. 

Genera/, — Your  note  of  9  A.  M.  received.  Colonel  Grose  is  gone 
on  reconnoissance  on  our  flank.  As  soon  as  he  returns  will  advance 
as  you  propose. 

Very  respectfully, 

J.  M.   Palmer. 
Major-Ge7ieral  Thomas,  Fourteenth  Army  Corps. '^ 

On  that  day  the  great  battle  may  be  said  to  have  commenced,  and 
I  quote  the  above  for  the  purpose  of  showing  that  leading  officers  of 
the  Federal  forces  entered  on  it  in  the  full  assurance  of  a  great  suc- 
cess and  with  a  determination  and  expectation  of  "using  up"  the 
rebel  army.  In  proportion  to  the  confidence  felt  in  their  ability  to 
win  must  have  been  the  revulsion  of  feeling  and  demoralization  on 
the  night  of  the  20th,  when  they  found  that  they  had  been  beaten  at 
all  points  and  that  they  must  leave  the  field  in  possession  of  those 
very  rebels  whom  the  sanguine  Cruft  had  declared  could  be  driven 
'^ ad  infinitum,'"  and  Thomas  believed  could  be  easily  "  used  up  " 

The  question  then  arises  why  the  fruits  of  so  grand  a  victory 
were  not  gathered  in  on  that  night  or  on  the  succeeding  day  ? 

General  Bragg  was  in  consultation  with  General  Longstreet  at 
early  dawn  of  the  morning  of  the  21st  at  the  latter's  bivouac.  Gen- 
eral Longstreet  urged  a  movement  across  the  river  in  the  rear  of 
Rosecrans,  to  the  pushing  on  to  Nashville,  and,  after  drawing  Rose- 
crans  out  of  Chattanooga,  seek  an  opportunity  to  crush  him  ;  but 
go  on  to  Nashville  and  Louisville. 

This  General  Bragg  agreed  to  do,  and  it  was  understood  that  he 
gave  his  orders  with  such  a  purpose  in  view. 

On  parting  from  General  Bragg  General  Longstreet  directed  his 
command  to  move  at  once.  When  the  order  was  delivered  to 
General  Kershaw,  who,  as  senior  Brigadier,  was  in  command  of  his 
own  and  Humphries'  brigade  of  McLaws's  division  (the  two  Georgia 
brigades  and  General  McLaws  not  having  yet  reached  the  field), 
the  men  were  preparing  to  eat  breakfast,  and  though  they  had  laid 
down  supperless,  it  was  not  ten  minutes  before  they  were  on  the 
move.  Riding  forward  to  report  the  fact  to  General  Longstreet,  I 
had  proceeded  but  a  short  distance  before  I  met  that  officer,  who 


222  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

directed  me  to  halt  the  command,  and  remarked  :  "  General  Bragg 
has  changed  his  mind  for  some  reason  or  other.  I  know  not  what." 
At  10:45  we  were  ordered  to  be  ready  to  move  at  2  o'clock  ;  but  we 
only  moved  about  two  miles,  and  camped  for  the  night.  On  the 
morning  of  the  22d  we  advanced  on  the  road  to  Chattanooga, 
by  which  a  large  portion  of  the  Federal  army  had  retreated. 
We  had  moved  but  a  short  distance  before  we  came  upon  and 
captured  quite  a  number  of  the  enemy  hiding  in  the  brush  on  the 
mountain  side.  These  prisoners,  as  well  as -the  citizens  we  met, 
gave  us  to  understand  that  the  Federal  army  was  thoroughly  de- 
moralized by  its  defeat  on  the  20th  ;  the  latter  all  agreeing  in  the 
assertion  that  if  we  had  ' '  Come  along  the  day  before  we  could  have 
captured  all  of  'em." 

The  enemy  were  reported  to  be  making  a  stand  at  Rossville,  but 
when  we  reached  that  point  we  found  it  evacuated. 

Pushing  on  towards  Chattanooga,  with  Armstrong's  brigade  of 
cavalry  in  advance,  at  10:45  reached  Watkin's  Hill,  two  miles  from 
Chattanooga.  Advanced  line  of  skirmishers  to  feel  the  enemy. 
After  skirmishing  some  fifteen  or  twenty  minutes,  using  our  artil- 
lery, the  enemy  retired.  On  the  23d  and  24th  nothing  was  done  ; 
same  may  be  said  of  25th,  26th  and  27th. 

The  above  facts  are  given  only  in  connection  with,  and  by  way  of 
accounting  for,  the  movements  of  one  division  alone  of  the  army 
that  fought  at  Chickamauga.  In  regard  to  the  operations  of  that 
other  division  of  Longstreet's  corps,  which  did  such  noble  service 
on  the  19th  and  20th,  I  have  before  me  a  communication  from  a 
private  (G.  M.  Pinckney)  of  Hood's  brigade,  who,  though  at  the 
time  of  the  fight  a  mere  boy,  was  for  that  very  reason  much  more 
likely  to  be  so  impressed  by  what  he  saw  and  heard  that  his  memory 
could  not  lead  him  astray.  After  a  vivid  and  stirring  picture  of  the 
events  of  the  19th  and  20th,  and  especially  of  the  operations  of 
Hood's  brigade,  he  says  : 

"On  Sunday  night,  the  20th  of  September,  1863,  one  of  the 
grandest  armies  of  the  North  was  in  full  retreat.  Small  arms  and 
other  fixtures  of  camp  life  covered  the  ground.  In  my  judgment 
it  was  a  most  complete  victory  and  should  have  been  followed  up  ; 
but  our  army  quietly  lay  on  the  battle-field  and  allowed  the  enemy 
to  retire." 

"On  Monday  morning,  the  21st,  we  had  moved  to  the  right  of 
the  battle-ground  occupied  by  us  on  Sunday.  On  this  (Monday) 
morning  we  arose  early,  and  just  at  the  head  of  our  brigade  we 


Chickamauga — A  Reply  to  Major  Sykes.  223 

noticed  a  crowd  of  men  collected,  some  of  whom  were  on  horseback. 
Among  them  we  could  plainly  distinguish  the  tall  form  of  John  C. 
Breckinridge  and  our  bull-dog  leader,  General  James  Longstreet, 
Lee's  famous  war-horse.  Tom  Wallingford,  one  of  my  company, 
called  me,  and  we  walked  to  where  they  (Longstreet  and  Breckin- 
ridge) were.  I  think  General  Buckner  was  also  there,  on  horseback. 
General  Bragg  was  on  foot.  Longstreet  and  Bragg  were  in  earnest 
conversation — the  latter  calm  and  quiet,  while  the  former  spoke  in 
an  excited  manner— his  voice  clear  and  distinct,  yet  very  angry. 
We  could  not  hear  what  Bragg  was  saying;  he  spoke  slowly,  and  in 
low  tones.  Longstreet  said  :  ' '  General,  this  army  should  have  been  in 
motion  at  daw/i  0/ day."  General  Bragg  made  some  reply,  to  which 
Longstreet  said : ."  Yes,  sir ;  but  all  ^rea/  captains  follow  up  a  victory. ' ' 
Another  remark  from  Bragg  was  followed  by  these  words  from 
Longstreet:   "Yes,  sir,  you  ra?ik  me,  but  you  cannot  cashier  me." 

"  It  was  an  evident  fact  that  General  Bragg  did  not  intend  to  push 
the  enemy,  but  to  fall  back,  or  at  least  to  take  position  without  ad- 
vancing. *  *  *  *  We  lay  upon  or  near  the  battlefield  until 
Wednesday,  the  23d,  when  we  took  up  our  line  of  march.  Late  in 
the  evening  we  reached  Chattanooga.  Along  the  route  from  the 
battlefield  we  met  citizens  who  told  us  that  the  Yankee  army  was 
demoralized  to  the  extent  that  they  had  thrown  away  their  arms 
and  fled  in  every  direction.  All  day  Monday,  21st,  you  could  hear 
the  query  among  the  soldiers  [the  privates],  "  Why  doji' i  we  follow 
our  victory  ?" 

In  view  of  the  foregoing  facts  it  is  hard  to  understand  Major 
Sykes  when  he  says:  "On  the  morning  of  the  21st  Septem- 
ber, the  enemy  having  the  night  previous  commenced  his  retreat 
to  Chattanooga,  Bragg  moved  rapidly  forward,  preceded  by  Gen- 
eral Forrest  and  his  troopers,  who  were  sorely  pressing  and  har- 
rassing  the  retreating  foe  ;  that  night  reached  Missionary  Ridge  and 
commenced  fortifying."  As  I  have  said,  the  above  is  hard  to  un- 
derstand, taken  in  connection  with  the  movements  on  the  21st,  22d 
and  23d  of  so  important  a  portion  of  Bragg' s  command  as  Long- 
street's  corps. 

In  reference  to  the  disobedience  of  orders  by  General  Polk  in  not 
advancing  on  the  morning  of  the  20th,  I  have  said  nothing,  because 
I  am  wholly  ignorant  in  regard  thereto,  and  prefer  saying  nothing 
that  cannot  be  substantiated  by  direct  and  positive  proof  It  is  a 
difficult  matter  for  any  one  to  believe,  great  as  the  victory  won  by 
General  Bragg  on  the  20th   really  was,  that  if  General  Polk  had 


224  Southern  Histm'ical  Society  Papers. 

moved  at  daylight  of  that  morning  the  victory  would  have  been  so 
much  the  greater  that  it  might  have  resulted  in  the  achievement  of 
our  independence,  as  suggested  by  General  Bragg.  It  is  certainly  a 
heavy  indictment  against  the  dead  Bishop  that  he  by  his  inaction, 
disobedience  of  orders,  or  whatsoever  you  may  term  it,  had  sacrificed 
that  boon  for  which  the  Southern  people  were  contending,  and  had 
rendered  nugatory  and  of  no  avail  all  their  heroic  exertions  and  sac- 
rifices. It  is  sometimes  best  to  let  the  dead  past  bury  its  dead  ;  but 
in  a  case  of  this  sort  I  think  it  due  the  memory  of  such  a  man  that 
someone  or  more  of  General  Polk's  military  family  should  tell  us 
what  he  or  they  know  on  this  subject. 

James  N.  Goggin, 

A.  A.    General,  Mc Laws' s  Division. 
Austin,  Texas,  January  2,  1884. 


Report     of     Brigadier-General    E.     W.     Pettus    of    Operations    at    Lookout 

Mountain. 

Headquarters  Pettus's  Brigade, 
Camp  near  Dalton,  Ga.,  Decembers,  1863. 

Sir,  — Ax  half- past  12  o'clock  oii  the  24th  ultimo  I  was  with  my 
command  on  the  top  of  Lookout  Mountain,  and  was  then  ordered 
by  Brigadier-General  Brown,  commanding  Stevenson's  division,  to 
report,  with  three  regiments  of  my  command,  to  Brigadier-General 
Jackson,  commanding  at  the  Craven  House.  I  moved  at  once  with 
the  Twentieth,  Thirty-first  and  Forty-sixth  Alabama  regiments,  and 
at  the  head  of  the  column  I  found  Brigadier- General  Jackson  at  the 
point  where  the  road  to  the  Craven  House  leaves  the  road  leading 
down  the  mountain.  Communicating  my  orders,  I  was  directed  to 
hasten  forward  and  reinforce  Brigadier-General  Moore  at  the  Craven 
House. 

On  the  way  I  met  squads  of  Moore's  and  Walthall's  brigades; 
and  when  about  three  hundred  yards  from  the  Craven  House  I  found 
that  that  ])oint  had  been  carried  by  the  enemy.  The  two  brigades 
which  had  held  the  point  had  fallen  back.  Here  I  found  Brigadier- 
General  Walthall  with  the  remnant  of  his  command  formed  at  right 
angles  with  and  on  the  left  of  the  road,  gallantly  fighting  to  stay  the 
advance  of  the  enemy.     He  informed  me  that  he  had  lost  a  large 


Report  of  Operations  at  Lookout  Mountain.  225 

part  of  his  command,  that  his  ammunition  was  nearly  exhausted, 
and  that  he  could  not  hold  the  position  he  then  had. 

Having  no  time  to  send  back  for  orders,  and  finding  the  fighting 
was  then  all  on  the  left  of  the  road,  I  moved  my  command,  though 
right  in  front,  by  filing  to  the  left  directly  up  the  mountain  side  to 
the  rocky  bluff.  So  soon  as  formed  my  command  was  faced  by  the 
rear  rank,  moved  forward,  relieving  Walthall's  brigade,  and  was  at 
once  engaged  with  the  enemy.  Whilst  my  command  was  moving 
into  position  I  sent  an  officer  to  the  right  to  find  Brigadier-General 
Moore  and  to  ascertain  his  condition  and  the  position  of  his  line.  In 
this  way  I  learned  that  Moore's  left  was  about  one  hundred  and  fifty 
yards  from  my  right  and  his  right  resting  at  the  large  rocks  on  the 
road  above  the  mouth  of  Chattanooga  Creek.  I  then  went  down  to 
Moore's  line  and  had  a  few  moments'  consultation  with  him,  and  at 
his  request  extended  intervals  to  the  right  so  as  to  connect  with  his 
line.  These  facts  were  communicated  by  me  to  Brigadier- General 
Jackson,  with  the  request  that  he  would  come  forward,  look  at  the 
line  and  give  us  orders.  But  he  did  not  come  in  person,  but  sent 
orders  that  the  position  must  be  held. 

Meantime  the  enemy  made  repeated  assaults  on  my  left  next  to 
the  bluff,  but  were  bravely  met  and  repulsed  by  the  Twentieth  Ala- 
bama regiment  and  four  companies  of  the  Thirty-first  Alabama  regi- 
ment. 

Knowing  that  Brigadier-General  Moore's  line  was  weak  and  that 
his  men  were  almost  out  of  ammunition,  I  again  sent  Captain 
Smith,  of  my  staff,  to  inform  the  Brigadier-General  commanding  as 
to  the  progress  of  the  fight  and  to  ask  his  assistance.  Captain 
Smith  found  Brigadier-General  Jackson  at  the  headquarters  of  Ma- 
jor-General  Stevenson,  on  the  top  of  the  mountain  (who  was  then 
commanding  the  forces  west  of  Chattanooga  Creek),  about  one  mile 
and  a-half  from  the  fight,  where  General  Jackson  informs  me  he  had 
gone  to  confer  with  General  Stevenson  as  to  the  mode  in  which  the 
troops  should  be  withdrawn  in  case  the  enemy  should  get  possession 
of  the  mountain  road.  In  answer  to  my  communication  I  was  di- 
rected to  hold  my  position  as  long  as  possible.  When  I  had  to  send 
again  to  the  Brigadier-General  commanding  he  was  still  on  the  top 
of  the  mountain.  After  my  command  had  been  engaged  about  two 
hours,  Brigadier-General  Walthall,  having  formed  the  remnant  of  his 
brigade  and  supplied  his  men  with  ammunition,  returned  with  his 
command  into  the  fight  on  the  left,  and  our  commands  fought  to- 
gether from  that  time  until  relieved.  It  should  be  remarked  that 
3 


226  Southern  Hiskyrical  Society  Papers. 

during  the  day  the  fog  was  very  dense  on  the  mountain  side.  It  was 
almost  impossible  to  distinguish  any  object  at  the  distance  of  one 
hundred  yards.  The  enemy  made  no  attack  on  my  right  or  on  Brig- 
adier-General Moore's  line.  But  the  attack  on  the  left  was  continued, 
and  finding  that  the  purpose  of  the  enemy  was  to  force  my  left,  at  the 
suggestion  of  Brigadier-General  Walthall  I  ordered  Captain  Davis, 
commanding  the  Twentieth  Alabama  regiment,  to  move  forward, 
keeping  his  left  well  up  to  the  bluff,  and  drive  the  enemy  from  the 
higher  ground  they  then  held.  The  order  was  executed  promptly 
and  in  gallant  style.  The  higher  ground  was  gained  and  held  during 
the  fight. 

About  8  o'clock  at  night  Clayton's  brigade,  commanded  by  Colonel 
Holtzclaw,  relieved  Walthall's  brigade  and  the  Twentieth  and  Thirty-  ^ 
first  Alabama  regiments  of  my  command.  These  two  regiments 
were  withdrawn  and  formed  in  the  road  a  short  distance  in  the  rear. 
Some  time  after  this  I  went  to  the  road  leading  down  the  mountain, 
and  there  met  Brigadier-General  Jackson  coming  down.  He  di- 
rected me  to  keep  my  command  where  it  was  and  await  orders,  and 
then  passed  on  down  the  mountain.  After  i  o'clock  that  night  I 
received  orders  from  the  Brigadier-General  commanding  to  retire 
with  my  command  across  Chattanooga  Creek  at  the  upper  bridge, 
which  was  done  quietly  and  in  good  order. 

Captains  Gould  and  Smith,  of  my  staflf,  bore  themselves  gallantly 
throughout  the  affair.  Below  is  a  statement  of  the  casualties  in  my 
command.  It  is  small.  The  day  was  dark  and  the  men  well  shel- 
tered on  the  rock. 

I  am,  sir,  most  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

[Signed]  E.  W.  Pettus, 

Brigadier-  General  Comma7iding. 

CASUALTIES    IN    PETTUS's     BRIGADE   IN   THE    FIGHT    OF     24TH    ULT. 

Killed,  9 ;  wounded,  38  ;  missing,  9.     Total,  56. 


Battle  of  Drewry's  Bluff.  22T 

Battle  of  Drewry's    Bluff,  May  i6th,   1864. 
REPORT   OF    GENERAL    R.    F.    HOKE. 

Headquarters  Hoke's  Division,  May  25th,  1864. 

Captam, — On  Sunday,  the  15th  instant,  the  intention  to  attack  the 
enemy  on  the  morning  of  the  i6th  at  early  Hght  was  made  known 
to  me  by  the  commanding  General,  while  occupying  the  intermediate 
line  of  entrenchments  around  Drewry's  Bluff,  and  confronting  the 
enemy,  who  occupied  the  outer  line  of  said  entrenchments,  extending 
his  right  through  the  woods  in  the  direction  of  James  river,  while  his 
left  rested  upon  an  elevated  position  across  the  railroad,  with  his 
masses  immediately  in  front  of  our  right  and  resting  upon  the  rail- 
road. 

The  commanding  General,  seeing  the  right  was  the  weak  point  of 
the  enemy,  determined  upon  this  as  the  point  of  attack.  The  bri- 
gades of  Colquitt  and  Ransom  were  ordered  relieved  by  an  exten- 
sion of  my  line  to  the  right,  which  placed  my  division  in  line  of 
battle,  commencing  at  Fort  Stephens,  with  Hagood's  brigade  on  the 
left,  Johnson's  on  his  right,  then  Clingman,  with  Corse  upon  his  right. 
These  two  brigades,  under  the  command  of  General  Colquitt,  were 
held  in  reserve  immediately  in  rear  of  Hagood's  brigade.  The  di- 
vision commanded  by  Major- General  Ransom,  being  in  the  field  on 
our  extreme  left,  was  to  turn  the  right  of  the  enemy  and  pivot  upon 
his  right  and  connect  with  my  left,  while  I  was  to  engage  the  enemy 
in  front  with  strong  lines  of  skirmishers,  and  also  open  upon  them 
with  all  my  artillery.  At  the  earliest  dawn  I  ordered  my  entire  artil- 
lery to  open  and  advanced  the  skirmishers  of  my  whole  front,  and 
awaited  the  movement  on  my  left  for  one  hour  before  advancing  my 
line  of  battle,  thinking  it  would  require  this  length  of  time  to  make 
the  move,  and  knowing  I  must  lose  heavily  by  an  advance  upon  the 
front,  which  it  was  the  desire  of  the  commanding  General  to  avoid  by 
the  flank  move.  Owing  to  the  dense  fog  I  could  see  nothing  of  the 
movement  of  Major-General  Ransom,  and  supposing  by  this  time  the 
right  of  the  enemy  had  been  turned,  I  ordered  forward  the  brigades 
of  Hagood  and  Johnson,  with  one  section  of  Lieutenant- Colonel 
Eschelman's  artillery,  and  found  the  enemy  still  occupying  our  en- 
tire line  of  entrenchments  in  heavy  force,  supported  by  eight  pieces 
of  artillery,  with  a  second  line  of  entrenchments  along  the  line  of 
woods  immediately  in  front  of  our  outer  line  of  works. 


228  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

After  commencing  the  move  I  could  not  recede,  and  ordered  an 
attack  by  these  two  brigades,  which  was  handsomely  and  gallantly 
done,  which  resulted  in  the  capture  of  five  pieces  of  artillery  by  Ha- 
good's  brigade  and  a  number  of  prisoners,  besides  killing  and  wound- 
ing many,  and  also  in  occupying  the  works.  One  regiment  on  the 
left  of  Hagood's  brigade  extended  across  the  outer  line  of  works  in 
the  direction  of  James  river,  which  was  ordered  forward  to  connect 
with  the  right  of  General  Ransom's  division,  but  to  my  amazement 
found  the  enemy  in  strong  force  behind  entrenchments.  It  was  not 
intended  that  this  regiment  should  attack  the  enemy  in  this  position, 
as  the  movement  was  to  be  made  by  the  troops  on  the  left;  but  they, 
in  their  eagerness  to  enter  the  engagement,  did  so,  and  I  am  sorry  to 
say  suffered  most  heavily.  When  it  was  seen  that  the  enemy  still 
occupied  my  front  this  regiment  was  ordered  back  to  the  line  of  en- 
trenchments to  await  the  further  development  of  the  flank  movement. 
In  the  meantime  the  enemy  made  two  charges  upon  the  front  of  Ha- 
good  and  Johnson  to  retake  the  lost  works  and  artillery,  but  were 
most  handsomely  repulsed,  and  were  followed  on  the  left  of  Hagood's 
brigade  and  driven  from  the  woods  in  their  front,  and  with  the  assist- 
ance of  our  artillery  the  "pike  "  was  cleared  of  the  eyieniy  before  the 
flankiyig  cohcmn  reached  that  point.  During  this  time  the  masses  of 
the  enemy  between  our  intermediate  and  outer  line  of  works  had 
moved  upon  the  right  flank  and  rear  of  General  Johnson,  which  was 
some  distance  on  the  right  of  the  pike  and  in  the  outer  line  of  works, 
and  made  his  position  quite  critical;  but  the  stubbornness  of  the  Gen- 
eral made  it  all  right.  He  was  repeatedly  attacked  in  this  position, 
but  repulsed  every  effort  of  the  enemy. 

It  was  at  this  time  I  was  anxious  to  get  a  brigade  to  throw  down 
the  outer  line  of  works,  which  would  have  completely  placed  that 
portion  of  the  enemy  in  the  woods  between  our  outer  and  interme- 
diate lines  at  our  mercy;  but  owing  to  a  misunderstanding  of  the 
officer  who  conducted  these  forces  they  were  placed  in  position  im- 
properly, and  were  of  no  avail  during  these  repeated  attacks  upon 
the  right  of  General  Johnson.  I  became  alarmed  for  him,  as  he  had 
several  times  sent  to  me  for  assistance,  and  ordered  two  regiments  of 
Clingman's  brigade  to  report  to  him,  which  I  did  with  great  reluc- 
tance as  I  felt  it  would  defeat  my  plans  on  my  right ;  but  necessity 
compelled  me.  In  order,  also,  to  relieve  the  position  of  General 
Johnson,  which  was  our  key,  I  ordered  forward  Corse  with  his  bri- 
gade and  Clingman  with  his  two  regiments.  They  went  forward  in 
good  style  and  drove  the  enemy  from  their  front,  but  owing  to  the 


I 


Battle  of  Drewri/s  Bluff.  229 

superior  numbers  and  strong  entrenchments  they  were  not  able  to 
drive  them  entirely  from  their  positions. 

The  commanding  General  will  recollect  that  I  before  stated  that 
the  strength  of  the  enemy  was  in  front  of  these  two  brigades,  both  irt 
position  and  forces,  and  therefore  great  credit  should  be  given  them 
for  their  actions.  They  were  both  small  commands,  but  did  their 
duty  well.  At  the  time  the  attack  was  made  the  enemy  felt  as  if  our 
forces  were  coming  on  them  from  all  sides,  and  commenced  retreat- 
ing hastily.  The  losses  of  these  commands  were  necessarily  heavy, 
owing  to  a  front  attack. 

I  cannot  refrain  from  calling  the  attention  of  the  General  com- 
manding to  the  fact  that  his  desire  to  relieve  my  command  of  a  front 
attack  by  the  flank  move  was  in  no  portion  of  the  line  accomplished, 
in  consequence  of  which  my  losses  were  very  heavy. 

My  brigade  commanders  entered  into  the  move  with  spirit,  and 
rendered  every  co-operation,  for  which  I  am  under  many  obligations. 
A  report  of  casualties  has  been  furnished.  I  respectfully  call  atten- 
tion to  the  names  who  are  spoken  of  for  gallantry  mentioned  in  the 
enclosed  reports  of  the  brigade  commanders. 

Very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

[Signed]  R.  F.  Hoke, 

Major-  General. 
Captain  J.  M.  Otey,  A.  A.  General. 

report  of  general  johnson  hagood. 

Headquarters  Hagood's  Brigade, 
South  Carolina  Volunteers, 

May  22d,  1864. 
Captain  Adams,  Acting  Adjutant-  General: 

Captain, — I  am  directed  to  submit  a  report  of  the  part 
taken  by  my  brigade  in  the  battle  of  Brewry's  Bluff,  of  the  i6th  instant. 
My  command  occupied  the  left  of  our  second  or  intermediate  line, 
embracing  Fort  Stephens,  and  with  its  right  on  the  turnpike.  The 
enemy  occupied  our  exterior  line  of  breastworks,  which  had  been 
previously  abandoned,  supported  by  a  battery  of  five  pieces  where 
the  turnpike  crosses  these  works,  with  skirmishers  well  thrown  out 
towards  us.  They  had  also  constructed  a  second  line  of  works  in 
rear  of  this,  at  some  two  hundred  yards  distance,  and  had  entangled 
the  abattis  between  the  two  lines  with  wire. 


i 


230  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Shortly  after  General  Ransom's  division  had  engaged  the  enemy 
on  my  left,  and  while  his  advance  was  still  paralleled  to  my  line,  I  was 
ordered  to  advance  and  drive  the  enemy  from  our  outer  line  of  works. 
This  was  happily  accomplished  under  cover  of  the  early  daylight 
without  serious  loss — the  brigade  capturing  the  battery  of  five  pieces 
before  referred  to  and  several  prisoners.  My  men  now  occupied  this 
outer  line,  a  desultory  exchange  of  shots  going  on  between  it  and  the 
enemy's  second  line  of  works.  Three  companies  of  the  Twenty- 
Fifth  Regiment  on  my  extreme  right  were  also  at  this  time  thrown 
back  perpendicular  to  my  front,  to  assist  by  a  flank  fire  Johnson's 
brigade,  which  was  driving  the  enemy  from  the  portion  of  the  outer 
line  on  my  right. 

General  Ransom's  division  had  now,  in  accordance  with  the  plan 
of  battle,  advanced  some  three  hundred  yards  in  front  of  my  left,  and 
was  privoting  upon  its  right  to  sweep  the  enemy  by  a  flank  attack 
from  the  woods  and  works  in  front  of  our  centre.  At  this  time  I  was 
ordered  by  the  Division  Commander  to  change  front  forward  to  the 
right  and  form  line  of  battle  parallel  to  the  turnpike.  In  accomplish- 
ing this,  my  left  drove  the  enemy  from  that  portion  of  their  second 
line  of  works  which  it  struck,  and  the  whole  movement  was  much 
impeded  by  the  abattis  and  wire  entanglement  referred  to.  I  now 
held  the  turnpike  with  my  line  at  right  angles  to  the  general  line  of 
battle.  General  Ransom's  division  advancing  in  echellon  full  eight 
hundred  yards  upon  and  in  rear  of  my  left,  the  enemy  firing  obliquely 
upon  my  rear  from  the  woods  between  General  Ransom  and  myself, 
and  I  was  immediately  attacked  by  a  heavy  force  in  my  front.  The 
position  was  obstinately  held  in  the  hope  that  the  advance  of  the 
division  on  my  left  and  the  brigade  on  my  right  would  relieve  me. 
Seeing,  however,  that  the  brigade  was  suffering  severely,  and  the 
regiment  on  the  left  having,  under  orders  of  its  Colonel,  (properly 
given  under  the  circumstances),  begun  to  retire  from  the  heavy  pres- 
sure of  the  enemy  upon  its  flank,  I  directed  the  resumption  of  our 
former  position  behind  our  outer  line  of  works.  The  enemy  almost 
immediately  retreated  from  my  immediate  front. 

Subsequently  my  brigade  was  put  in  position  to  protect  the  right 
flank  of  the  division  from  an  apprehended  attack  which  did  not  occur, 
and  Colonel  Gaillard's  regiment  (Twenty-Seventh)  was  detached  to 
assist  General  Ransom's  further  advance  down  the  general  line  of 
battle. 

The  brigade  generally  behaved  with  a  steadiness  and  gallantry  that 
was  extremely  gratifying.    Colonel  Gantt,  Colonel  Gaillard,  Lieutenant- 


BoMle  of  Dreivrys  Bluff.  231 

Colonel  Nelson,  Major  Glover,  and  Captain  Wilds,  commanding  regi- 
ments, discharged  their  duty  with  marked  ability.  Major  Rion,  of  the 
Seventh  South  Carolina  Battalion,  and  Captain  Brooks,  of  the  same, 
behaved  with  conspicuous  gallantry,  continuing  with  their  commands, 
the  former  throughout  the  day  and  the  latter  until  I  ordered  him  to 
the  rear  after  he  had  received  three  severe  wounds.  The  severity  of 
the  fire  of  the  enemy  is  illustrated  by  the  fact  that  fifty-seven  bullet 
marks  were  found  upon  the  flag  of  the  Seventh  Battalion  South  Caro- 
lina Volunteers  after  the  fight,  and  in  one  of  its  companies  there  were 
sixty-five  casualties,  of  which  nineteen  were  killed  outright. 

The  general  list  of  casualties  appended  will  show  that  the  losses  of 
this  battalion  were  scarcely  exceptional. 

My  staff.  Captain  Molony  and  Lieutenants  Mazyck  and  Martin, 
behaved  with  great  gallantry  and  marked  efficiency.  They  were  all 
dismounted  by  the  enemy's  fire  during  the  fight.  Captain  Molony 
having  a  second  horse,  which  he  obtained  during  the  day,  killed. 

I  also  desire  to  mention  for  meritorious  conduct  coming  under  my 
immediate  observation  the  name  of  Private  I.  K.  Williams,  of  the 
Twenty-Seventh. 

The  casualties  of  the  brigade  were  43;^,  Its  field  return  of  the  pre- 
ceding day  was  2,235. 

I  append  a  list  of  names  mentioned  for  gallantry  by  regimental 
commanders,  many  of  which  came  also  under  my  observation. 

A  number  of  prisoners  were  captured  by  the  brigade,  but  as  they 
were  hurried  immediately  to  the  rear,  I  can  only  estimate  the  number 
loosely  at  300,  including  several  officers. 

The  battery  captured,  consisted  of  three  Napoleons  and  two  twenty- 
pounder  Parrotts,  fully  equipped,  and  was  turned  over  to  Colonel 
Waddy  with  a  request  that  it  be  assigned  to  Captain  Owens,  of  the 
Washington  Artillery,  whose  fire  materially  assisted  in  its  capture. 

Officers  and  men  mentioned  for  gallant  conduct  by  regimental 
commanders : 

In  Twenty-Seventh  Regiment  South  Carolina  Volunteers :  Lieu- 
tenant Gelling,  Company  "C,"  Acting- Adjutant;  Color-Bearer  Tup- 
per;  Private  H.  P.  Foster,  Company  "  D,"  of  Color  Guard;  First 
Sergeant  Pickens  B.  Watts,  Company  "  E." 

In  Seventh  Battalion  South  Carolina  Volunteers:  Sergeant  J.  H. 
Onby,  Company  "H,"  Color-Bearer,  killed. 

In  Eleventh  Regiment  South  Carolina  Volunteers :  Lieutenant  H. 
W.  G.  Bowman,  Color-Bearer  Hickman,  Company  "B;"  Privates  J. 


232  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Jones,  G.  W.  Hicks,  Company  "K;"  Private  A.  P.  Bulger,  Company 
"D;"  Private  A.  Mixson,  Company  "F." 

In  Twenty- Fifth  South  Carolina  Volunteers :  Private  W.  A.  Dot- 
teur,  Company  "A;"  Private  Wise,  Company  "F;"  Sergeant  B.  P. 
Izlan,  Company  "G;"  Private  J.  T.  Shewmake,  Company  "G;"  Ser- 
geant H.  J.  Greer.  Company  "  B." 

I  am.  Captain,  respectfully, 

Johnson  Hagood, 
Brigadier-  General  Commanding. 


Wolseley's  Tribute  to  Lee  and  Jackson. 

The  great  English  soldier,  Sir  Garnet  Joseph  Wolseley,  who  is 
regarded  by  competent  judges  as  standing  at  the  very  head  of  his 
profession,  wrote  last  December  to  an  accomplished  lady  of  Mobile, 
Ala.,  now  residing  in  New  York,  a  letter  worth  preserving  in  our 
records  as  the  calm,  unpredjudiced  estimate  of  a  distinguished  foreign 
soldier. 

We  give  it  in  full  as  follows  : 

War  Office,  London, 

8th  December,  1883. 

My  Dear  Miss  S., — I  am  very  grateful  for  your  kind  letter  and  for 
the  valuable  autographs  it  contains.  I  have  long  been  collecting  the 
letters  of  eminent  people,  but  have  had  much  difficulty  in  obtaining 
those  of  the  great  men  on  your  side  of  the  Atlantic.  I  have  only 
known  two  heroes  in  my  life,  and  General  R.  E.  Lee  is  one  of  them, 
so  you  can  well  understand  how  I  value  one  of  his  letters.  I  believe 
that  when  time  has  calmed  down  the  angry  passions  of  the  "North," 
General  Lee  will  be  accepted  in  the  United  States  as  the  greatest 
General  you  have  ever  had,  and  second  as  a  patriot  only  to  Wash- 
ington himself  Stonewall  Jackson,  I  only  knew  slightly,  his  name 
will  live  forever  also  in  American  history  when  that  of  Mr.  U.  S. 
Grant  has  been  long  forgotten,  such  at  least  is  my  humble  opinion  of 
these  men  when  viewed  by  an  outside  student  of  military  history  who 
has  no  local  prejudice.  I  am  glad  to  hear  that  my  much-valued 
friend,  Mrs.  L.,  is  well  and  happy.  She  was  one  of  the  brightest  and 
most  lovable  women  I  have  ever  known;  please  remember  me  to  her 
affectionately  should  you  soon  write  to  her. 

I  enclose  you  a  photograph  with  my  great  pleasure.     I  shall  indeed 


The  Burning  of  Columbia.  233 

be  proud  that  it  finds  a  place  in  your  collection.  I  am  also  sending 
one  direct  to  General  Beauregard,  with  my  best  thanks  for  his  kind- 
ness in  letting  me  have  the  autograph  letters  you  have  so  kindly 
sent  me. 

That  of  General  Beauregard  is  one  that  I  shall  always  prize.     I  am 
indeed  very  grateful  to  you  for  telling  me  to  keep  it. 

Again  thanking  you  most  sincerely  for  your  kindness  to  me  in  this 
matter,  believe  me  to  remain, 

Very  faithfully  yours, 

WOLSELEY. 


The  Burning  of   Columbia— Affidavit  of  Mrs.  Agnes  Law. 

[The  following  affidavit  was  contained  in  the  report  of  the  com- 
mittee of  citizens  who  investigated  the  burning  of  Columbia,  but  was 
by  some  means  omitted  from  the  copy  from  which  we  printed  the 
report.     It  is  of  sufficient  value  to  be  now  subjoined  :] 

"  Of  the  suffering  and  distress  of  the  individual  inhabitants  some 
conception  may  be  collected  from  the  individual  experience  of  one  of 
them,  Mrs.  Agnes  Law,  a  lady  more  venerable  for  her  virtues  even 
than  for  her  age,  whose  narrative,  almost  entire,  we  venture  to  intro- 
duce : 

" '  I  am  seventy-two  years  old,'  she  deposes,  'and  have  lived  in  this 
town  forty-eight  years.  My  dwelling  was  a  brick  house,  three  stories, 
slate  roof,  with  large  gardens  on  two  sides.  When  Columbia  was 
burned  my  sister  was  with  me,  also  a  niece  of  mine,  recently  confined, 
who  had  not  yet  venturned  out  of  the  house.  When  General  Sherman 
took  possession  I  got  four  guards ;  they  were  well-behaved  and  sober 
men.  I  gave  them  supper.  One  lay  down  on  the  sofa ;  the  others 
walked  about.  When  the  city  began  to  burn  I  wished  to  remove  my 
furniture ;  they  objected  and  said  my  house  was  in  no  danger.  Not 
long  afterwards  these  guards  themselves  took  lighted  candles  from 
the  mantelpiece  and  v/ent  up  stairs.  At  the  same  time  other  soldiers 
crowded  into  the  house.  My  sister  followed  them  up-stairs,  but  came 
down  very  soon  to  say,  'They  are  setting  the  curtains  on  fire.'  Soon 
the  whole  house  was  in  a  blaze.  When  those  who  set  fire  up-stairs 
came  down  they  said  to  me,  '  Old  woman,  if  you  do  not  mean  to 
burn  up  with  your  house  you  had  better  get  out  of  it.'  My  niece 
had  been  carried  up  to  the  Taylor  house,  on  Arsenal  Hill.  I  went  to 
the  door  to  see  if  I  could  get  any  person   I  knew  to  assist  me  up 


234  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

there.  I  had  been  very  sick.  I  could  see  no  friend — only  crowds  of 
Federal  soldiers.  I  was  afraid  I  should  fall  in  the  street  and  be 
burned  up  in  the  flames  of  the  houses  blazing  on  both  sides  of  the 
street.  I  had  to  go  alone.  I  spent  that  night  at  the  Taylor  house, 
which  a  Federal  officer  said  should  not  be  burned  out  of  pity  for  my 
niece.  The  next  two  nights  I  passed  in  my  garden  without  any 
shelter.  I  have  been  for  over  fifty  years  a  member  of  the  Presbyte- 
rian Church.  I  cannot  live  long.  I  shall  meet  General  Sherman 
and  his  soldiers  at  the  bar  of  God,  and  I  give  this  testimony  against 
them  in  the  full  view  of  that  dread  tribunal.'  " 


The  Blue  and  the  Gray. 
A  Poem  by  Rev.  J.  G.  Walker,  of  Philadelphia. 

As  years  passed  on,  from  homes  apart 
Our  brothers  sped  themselves  away; 

With  fierce  intent  in  every  heart. 

Some  wore  the  Blue  and  some  the  Gray. 

They  marched  to  fields  of  deadly  strife, 

And  met  in  fratricidal  fray  ; 
With  purpose  strong  as  love  of  life — 

Some  fought  in  Blue  and  some  in  Gray. 

Each  deemed  his  cause  both  true  and  just. 
And  bravely  strove  to  win  the  day ; 

And  of  the  hosts  who  bit  the  dust, 
Some  fell  in  Blue  and  some  in  Gray. 

Where  flowers  bloom  in  southern  vales. 
Where  waters  dash  in  crystal  spray. 

Where  hills  are  fanned  by  northern  gales, 
Some  sleep  in  Blue  and  some  in  Gray. 

On  mansion  and  on  cottage  wall, 
Hang  the  dead  heroes  of  the  fray, 

Whose  mute  lips  answer  not  the  call 
Of  comrades  wearing  Blue  and  Gray. 

And  out  from  homes  both  South  and  North, 
The  orphaned  children  bend  their  way ; 

And  widowed  mothers  issue  forth. 
To  drop  their  tears  on  Blue  and  Gray. 

Over  the  dead  the  same  sun  throws 
His  warm,  benignant,  peaceful  sway  ; 

And  in  their  undisturbed  repose. 
The  Blue  lies  buried  with  the  Gray. 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  235 

Night  darkens  all  the  deep  abyss, 

And  stars  shoot  forth  with  silver  ray  ; 
The  moonlight  pales  and  dew-drops  kiss 

The  moss-grown  graves  of  Blue  and  Gray. 

Ye  living,  bring  your  garlands  fair. 

And  clasp  your  hands  anew  to-day ! 
One  flag  yet  floats  upon  the  air ; 

We're  brothers  still,  both  Blue  and  Gray! 


Is  the   "Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States  a  Proper  Book  to  use   in  our 

Schools  ?  " 

We  promised  in  our  last  issue  to  fully  ventilate  this  question,  and  asked 
that  teachers,  Confederate  soldiers  and  others  in  position  to  know  would 
send  us  their  opinions. 

We  have  .several  responses,  and  among  them  the  following  from  Colonel 
William  Allan,  superintendent  of  McDonogh  Institute,  Maryland. 

To  those  who  know  Colonel  Allan,  no  words  from  us  are  necessary  to 
enhance  the  value  of  his  opinions  upon  this  question. 

A  distinguished  Master  of  Arts  of  the  University  of  Virginia,  and  for 
several  years  a  teacher  in  one  of  the  best  academies  in  Virginia.  For  some 
years  after  the  war  one  of  the  accomplished  professors  whom  General  Lee 
called  around  him  to  make  Washington  College  an  institution  of  such  high 
grade,  and  for  several  years  the  able  and  efficient  head  of  McDonogh  Insti- 
tute, Colonel  Allan  stands  in  the  very  forefront  of  practical  teachers,  and  his 
opinions  about  text-books  are  of  highest  value. 

Serving  on  the  staff  of  General  Stonewall  Jackson,  General  Ewell,  General 
Early,  and  General  Gordon,  Colonel  Allan  has  added  to  his  personal  knowl- 
edge of  the  events  of  the  war,  a  most  careful  study  of  official  documents  and 
reliable  statements  on  both  sides,  and  has  won  a  wide  reputation  as  a  pains- 
taking, accurate,  and  able  military  critic. 

His  paper  is,  therefore,  of  highest  authority,  and  we  give  it  in  full  (as  a 
brief  and  general  statement  of  the  character  of  this  book)  before  going  into 
our  own  more  detailed  citation  of  its  errrors. 

THE    ECLECTIC    HISTORY   OF   THE    UNITED  STATES,  BV  M.  E.  THALHEIMER. 
[A  Review,  by  Colonel  William  Allan.] 

This  book  is  one  of  those  worthless  school  histories  which  we  suppose 
will  be  written  and  printed  as  long  as  money  can  be  made  by  doing  so. 
The  Eclectic  History  has  been  manufactured — like  oleomargerine — to  sell. 
Many  devices  have  been  resorted  to  in  order  to  increase  its  salableness, 
some  good,  but  more  of  them  bad.  It  is  printed  on  good  paper  and  in 
clear  type.  It  has  a  profusion  of  illustrations,  many  excellent,  others  poor, 
and  one  at  least  bewildering  (p.  242).  It  contains  a  number  of  mediocre 
maps,  badly  colored,  and  indifferently  well  adapted  to  their  purpose.     It 


236  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

contains  a  copy  of  the  Declaration  of  Independence  and  of  the  Constitution 
of  the  United  States.  It  has  the  stock  "  questions  for  review."  It  has  a 
number  of  biographical  notes  at  the  end  of  each  chapter,  some  very  good, 
all  gotten  up  with  the  aim  of  pleasing  everybody  and  offending  no  one. 
Thus  especial  care  is  taken  to  put  in  laudatory  notices  of  some  of  the 
Southern  leaders  in  the  civil  war.  But  when  we  look  farther  than  this  into 
the  real  merits  of  the  book,  we  find  little  to  commend. 

1.  It  is  strongly  partisan,  not  in  using  unseemly  language  about  South- 
ern men  and  institutions,  but  in  the  pictures  it  presents  of  historical  facts, 
and  the  description  it  gives  of  historical  characters.  A  single  instance  will 
illustrate.  On  page  268  we  find  the  following:  "The  Supreme  Court  of  the 
United  States  decided  that  the  Missouri  Compromise  was  unconstitutional, 
and  that  slaves  might  be  carried  into  any  territory  of  the  Union.  But  this 
was  contrary  to  the  ordinance  of  1787,  which  prohibited  slavery  in  the 
northwest  territory."  Thus,  by  an  unfair  and  disingenuous  statement,  the 
reader  is  taught  that  the  Supreme  Court  deliberately  destroyed  what  the 
author  had  elsewhere  (p.  190)  described  as  "not  a  mere  act  of  Congress 
which  could  be  repealed,  *  *  *  but  a  solemn  compact  between  the  inhab- 
itants of  the  Territory  *  *  *  and  the  people  of  the  thirteen  States."  The 
next  sentences  (p.  268)  contain  the  only  allusion  to  John  Brown  in  the  text, 
and  are  as  follows:  "The  excitement  became  greater  when  John  Brown, 
formerly  of  Kansas,  actually  invaded  the  State  of  Virginia  with  a  party  of 
about  twenty  men,  for  the  purpose  of  liberating  slaves.  He  gained  posses- 
sion of  the  arsenal  at  Harper's  Ferry,  thinking  to  arm  the  negroes,  whom 
he  expected  to  join  him.  He  was  easily  captured — his  party  being  either 
killed  or  dispersed— and  was  tried,  convicted,  and  put  to  death  under  the 
laws  of  Virginia." 

"  Invaded  the  State  of  Virginia  "  is  good  !  We  hear  nothing,  however,  of 
Booth  and  his  accomplices  "invading"  Washington,  and  attacking  Presi- 
dent Lincoln  and  Secretary  Seward.  They  are  murderers.  Contrast  with 
this  description  of  John  Brown  the  following,  on  page  276,  which  the  author 
adopts  from  Mr.  Lincoln's  inaugural  address: 

"  He  threw  upon  the  politicians  of  the  South  the  whole  responsibility  of 
the  calamities  which  must  follow  the  destruction  of  the  Union,  assuring 
them  there  could  be  no  conflict  unless  they  themselves  should  choose  to 
begin  it."  It  is  a  cruel  outrage  to  teach  the  children  of  those  men  who 
died  for  the  South  on  every  field  from  Gettysburg  to  the  Rio  Grande  such 
stuff  as  this. 

This  kind  of  tone  is  not  confined  to  the  author's  chapters  on  the  war. 
Even  those  on  the  settlement  of  Virginia  and  of  Massachusetts  show  the 
same. 

2.  The  book  is  shamefully  inaccurate.  The  following  is  the  description  of 
the  first  battle  of  Manassas  on  page  278 :  "  General  Beauregard  commanded 
the  Confederate  army  of  40,000  men;  General  McDowell's  forces  consisted 
of  a  nearly  equal  number  of  volunteers  for  ninety  days.  For  six  hours  the 
Northern  men  stood  their  ground,  and  kept  or  regained  all  their  positions. 
The  Confederates  were  once  broken  and  driven  a  mile  and  a-half  from  the 
field,  but  they  were  rallied  by  Stonewall  Jackson,  whose  inflexible  bravery 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  237 

and  noble  character  made  him  one  of  the  great  heroes  of  the  war.  At  the 
moment  when  the  Confederate  cause  seemed  lost,  suddenly  General  Kirby 
Smith  arrived  with  fresh  forces  for  their  relief.  The  Union  troops,  exhausted 
by  intense  heat  and  furious  fighting,  were  thrown  into  confusion,  and  battle 
was  changed  to  flight.  *  *  ^  *  Later  in  the  evening  Colonel  Einstein, 
of  Pennsylvania,  returned  to  the  battle-field  and  brought  off  six  cannons." 
The  errors  in  this  are  so  numerous  that  it  would  suit  about  as  well  for  the 
description  of  any  other  battle  as  for  that  of  Manassas.  General  Beauregard 
did  not  command  the  Confederate  army  ;  that  did  not  contain  40,000  men; 
McDowell's  forces  were  not  inferior  in  numbers  to  it,  and  they  were  not  en- 
tirely composed  of  "volunteers  for  ninety  days."  As  the  Union  army  was 
the  attacking  party,  to  speak  of  them  standing  their  ground  or  keeping  their 
positions  is  sheer  nonsense.  The  Confederate  forces  were  driven  back,  but 
they  were  not  rallied  by  Stonewall  Jackson;  nor  were  any  cannon  taken 
from  the  battle-field  late  in  the  day  by  Federal  troops. 

Of  Jackson's  death  at  Chancellorsville,  it  is  said  (page  297),  "  He  was  re- 
turning in  the  evening  to  his  camp,  when  he  was  fired  upon  through  a 
blunder  of  some  of  his  own  men,  and  was  mortally  wounded."  Jackson  was 
killed  during  a  lull  in  the  battle  while  he  was  preparing  to  press  his  victory 
further.  Nothing  could  be  wider  of  the  mark  than  to  say  he  was  returning 
to  his  camp. 

In  regard  to  Gettysburg,  it  is  said  (pages  297-8),  "  The  armies  were  equal  in 
numbers,  each  counting  80,000  men.  *  *  *  *  The  Southern  loss  is  said 
to  have  been  36,000;  that  of  the  North,  23,000."  There  is  no  excuse  at  this 
day  for  so  gross  a  misstatement  of  facts.  Lee's  force  was  between  60,000 
and  70,000  men,  Meade's  something  over  100,000.  The  losses  were  about 
equal,  and  were  in  the  neighborhood  of  the  figures  given  above  as  the  North- 
ern loss. 

On  page  311  we  find:  "On  the  ist  of  April  Sheridan  advanced  to  Five 
Forks,  twelve  miles  in  rear  of  Lee's  position,  and  captured  its  garrison  of 
5,000  men."  Five  Forks  was  not  in  Lee's  rear  and  had  no  "  garrison."  It 
was  the  scene  of  a  pitched  battle  between  Sheridan  and  Pickett,  where  the 
Confederates  were  badly  defeated  and  lost  many  prisoners. 

Again,  on  page  312,  we  have:  "Finally,  on  the  9th,  Lee  surrendered  his 
entire  command,  then  consisting  of  less  than  28,000  men,  at  Appomattox 
Courthouse,  Va."  As  Lee's  command  was  20,000  less  than  28,000  at  the 
surrender,  the  author  might  have  been  satisfied  with  a  smaller  margin. 

This  same  sort  of  carelessness  may  be  found  through  the  book  from  the 
earlier  pages,  where  Richmond  is  made  a  flourishing  settlement  in  1660, 
downwards. 

3.  But  after  all,  these,  though  important,  are  not  the  chief  defects.  The 
whole  book  is  a  poor,  scrappy,  ill-arranged  syllabus,  written  much  in  the 
style  of  an  abridged  dictionary,  and  the  study  of  its  pages  under  the 
guidance  of  the  questions  for  review  and  of  the  synopses  given  would  be 
about  as  valuable  and  interesting  to  the  children  for  whom  it  is  intended  as 
the  study  of  so  many  pages  of  an  inaccurate  and  badly  compiled  dictionary. 
It  is  about  as  well  suited  to  strengthen  and  develop  mind  as  sawdust  is  to 
promote  the  growth  of  muscle. 


238  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

J^DITOF(IAL     'pAFiAQI^APHp. 

The  R.  E.  Lee  Camp  Fair  opened  in  Richmond  on  the  night  of  the  14th 
of  May  under  the  most  flattering  and  promising  auspices. 

We  have  no  space  to  describe  the  brilliant  occasion — the  beautiful  decora- 
tions, the  piles  of  useful  and  fancy  articles  sent  with  liberal  hand  from  all 
parts  of  the  country,  the  crowd  which  packed  the  large  armory  hall,  the 
speeches  of  Corporal  Tanner,  of  New  York,  and  General  Wade  Hampton,  of 
South  Carolina,  the  appearance  of  Lee  Camp  Confederate  Veterans,  and 
Phil.  Kearney  Post,  G.  A.  R.,  marching  in  fraternal  ranks,  and  many  other 
features  too  numerous  to  mention — but  we  will  only  say  that  the  opening 
was  a  sure  prophecy  that  the  Fair  will  prove  a  grand  success  and  add  hand- 
somely to  the  fund  already  in  hand  towards  establishing  here  in  Richmond 
a  "  Home  "  for  disabled  and  needy  Confederate  soldiers  of  every  State. 

The  following  letters,  selected  from  a  large  number  received,  coming  from 
representative  men  of  opposite  sides  well  express  the  feeling  with  which  this 
great  enterprize  is  being  prosecuted. 

FROM    GENERAL   U.   S.    GRANT. 

New  York,  May  7,  1884. 
Peyton  Wise,  Esq.,  Chairman,  dfc.  : 

Dear  Sir, — I  am  in  receipt  of  the  formal  invitation  to  be  present  at  the 
opening  of  the  Fair  for  the  home  of  disabled  Confederate  soldiers  on  the 
14th  of  this  month,  and  your  kind  letter  accompanying  it. 

If  it  was  possible  for  me  to  do  so  I  would  accept  this  invitation,  but,  as 
you  may  know,  I  am  still  on  crutches — not  from  injuries  received  in  conflict 
with  those  in  whose  behalf  the  Fair  is  given — and  cannot  hope  to  be  in  good 
traveling  condition  for  some  months  yet. 

I  hope  your  Fair  may  prove  a  success,  and  that  the  object  contemplated 
may  receive  a  support  which  will  give  to  all  the  brave  men  who  need  it  a 
home  and  a  rest  from  cares. 

The  men  who  faced  each  other  in  deadly  conflict  can  well  aff'ord  to  be  the 
best  of  friends  now,  and  only  strive  for  rivalry  in  seeing  which  can  be  the 
best  citizens  of  the  grandest  country  on  earth. 

Very  truly  yours,  U.  S.  Grant. 

It  should  be  added  to  General  Grant's  honor  that  the  above  letter  was 
written  amidst  his  severe  pecuniary  troubles,  and  that  he  had  previously 
contributed  five  hundred  dollars  (I500)  to  the  fund. 

from  general  JOHN  B.  GORDON. 

New  York,  May  10,  1884. 
//on.  Peyton  Wise,  Chairman  : 

Mv  Dear  Sir,— You  will  understand  how  grateful  to  my  sensibilities  are 
the  contents  of  your  letter  of  May  5th,  and  how  gladly  I  should  accept  the 
invitation  of  the  committee  and  yourself.  It  seems  now,  however,  impos- 
sible for  me  to  get  away  from  New  York  at  the  time  designated.  I  have 
delayed  answering,  hoping  that  I  should  be  in  W^ashington  and  would  be 


Editorial  Paragraphs.  239 

able  to  go  thence  to  Richmond,  so  as  to  take  part  in  the  pleasing  and  im- 
posing ceremonies  at  the  opening  of  the  Fair.  My  whole  heart  is  in  this 
cause,  but  I  must  deny  myself  the  pleasure  of  being  with  you  bodily  on  the 
14th.     I  shall  be  there,  however,  in  spirit. 

.Sincerely  yours,  J.  B.  Gordon. 

It  may  be  proper  to  say  to  our  friends  everywhere  that  this  effort  to  estab- 
lish a  Confederate  Home  on  a  proper  foundation  will  need  large  sums  in 
addition  to  what  we  maybe  able  to  realize  from  the  Fair;  that  additional 
contributions  will  be  thankfully  received,  and  that  if  we  can  be  of  any  ser- 
vice in  giving  information  or  conveying  funds  to  the  treasury  we  should  be 
glad  for  our  friends  to  command  us. 

Renewals  were  never  more  "  in  order  "  than  just  now.  We  have  due 
us,  in  small  sums  all  over  the  country,  over  three  thousattd  dollars,  which 
would  be  a  very  small  matter  to  the  individual  subscribers,  but  is  a  very 
great  matter  to  us. 

We  beg  our  friends  to  remit  at  once. 


Roster  Corrections.— General  Lane  calls  attention  to  the  fact  that  our 
types  in  the  April  number  made  us  change  into  '' Coiuard'''  the  name  of  the 
gallant  Colonel,  R.  V.  Cowan,  of  the  Thirty-Third  North  Carolina,  whose 
death  since  the  war  has  been  so  widely  lamented  by  old  comrades  and  friends. 

The  following  makes  important  corrections  in  the  artillery  organization 
Army  of  Tennessee,  which  we  take  pleasure  in  publishing: 

Feagan's,  Houston  Co.,  Ga.,  April  7,  1884. 

Rev.  J.  William  Jones.  Richmond,  Va.  : 

Dear  Sir, — In  reviewing  your  published  list  of  the  artillery  battalions  of 
General  Bragg's  army  engaged  at  the  battle  of  Chickamauga,  I  find  several 
errors,  which  I  hope  you  will  not  think  it  vanity  or  presumption  in  me  to 
ask  corrected,  for  I  think  it  due  not  only  to  myself  but  to  the  batteries  that 
opened  the  fight,  and  who  suffered  most,  that  they  should  be  mentioned. 
Very  little  artillery  was  brought  into  the  action,  the  density  of  the  forest  not 
permitting  its  use.  The  fight  was  opened  early  Saturday  morning  by  Cap- 
tains Lumsden's,  Little's  and  Yates's  batteries,  who  went  with  Colonel  Nil- 
son's  Georgia  regiment,  Colonel  Ector's  Texas  regiment  and  a  Georgia 
battalion  (name  of  Major  forgotten),  to  assist  General  Forest  to  hold  the 
enemy  in  check  until  General  Bragg  could  be  informed  of  General  Rose- 
crans's  approach.  The  above  troops  were  from  MajorGeneral  W.  H.  T. 
Walker's  reserve  corps,  composed  of  General  Walker's  division,  com- 
manded by  General  Gist,  and  General  Liddel's  division. 

On  the  formation  of  the  new  corps  I  was  ordered  to  report  to  General 
Walker,  and  placed  in  command  of  his  artillery,  and  Major  Feli.x  Robertson 
ordered  to  my  battalion,  the  Fourteenth  Georgia  artillery.  Reserve  Artil- 
lery A.  T. 

Reserve  Artillery  A.  T.,  composed  of  Major  Felix  Robertson's  command ; 
Anderson's  Battery,  Georgia,  Commander  Anderson  ;  Havis  Battery,  Geor- 
gia, Commander  Havis ;  Massenburg  Battery,  Georgia,  Commander  Mas- 
senburg;  Basset  Battery,  Missouri,  Commander  Basset. 


240  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Artillery  of  General  Walker's  corps,  Major  Joseph  Palmer  commander. 

Liddel's  division,  Captain  Charles  Suett  commander. 

Lumsden's  Battery,  Ala.,  Lumsden  commander. 

Yates  Battery,  Mississipp,  Yates  commander. 

Suett  Battery,  Mississippi,  Lieutenant  Shannon. 

Higgins  Battery,  Mississippi,  Captain  Little  commanding. 

General  Gist's  Division,  Major  Robert  Martin  commander: 

Ferguson's  Battery,  First  South  Carolina,  Ferguson  commander. 

Houel's  Battery,  Georgia,  Houel  commander. 

Bledsoe's  Battery,  Missouri,  Bledsoe  commander. 

Le  Gardeau  Battery,  Louisiana,  Le  Gardeau  commander. 

Hoping  I  have  not  tresspassed  upon  your  time,  or  asked  too  much  of  you, 

I  am,  dear  sir. 

Yours  respectfully,  Joseph  Palmer. 


We  take  pleasure  in  publishing  the  following  from  the  gallant  Colonel  R. 
A.  Hardaway,  concerning  the  Artillery  Organization  of  the  Army  of  North- 
ern Virginia : 

University  of  Alabama, 

Tuscaloosa,  May,  j,  1884. 
Rez>.].  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  Soiitherfi  Historical  Society  : 

Dear  Sir, — In  the  January  and  February  (double)  number  of  the  South- 
ern Historical  Society  Papers  is  published  "Organization  of  the  Army 
of  Northern  Virginia,  August  31,  1864." 

"Corrections  earnestly  solicited  if  errors  are  found." 

I  do  not  see  the  "  Papers,"  not  being  a  subscriber.  This  number  was 
kindly  lent  me  by  Mrs.  Gorgas. 

In  the  Artillery  of  Second  corps,  Brown's  battalion,  Colonel  J.  T.  Brown. 
Powhatan  Artillery,  Captain  W.  J.  Dance,  &c.,  &c. 

Colonel  John  Thompson  Brown  (having  been  for  more  than  a  year  pre- 
viously in  command  of  a  division,  consisting  of  two  or  more  batteries,  Col- 
onel Thomas  H.  Carter  being  in  command  of  the  other  division  of  the  Ar- 
tillery of  the  Second  corps),  was  killed  in  the  battle  of  the  Wilderness  May 
4th,  1S64.  Major  David  Watson,  of  the  same  battalion,  technically  First 
Regiment  Virginia  Light  Artillery,  was  killed  on  the  loth  May,  1S64,  at 
Spotsylvania  Courthouse. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  Robert  A.  Hardaway  had  been  in  actual  command  of 
this  battalion  since  August,  1863. 

After  the  death  of  Colonel  J.  T.  Brown,  Lieutenant-Colonel  Hardaway 
was,  by  order  of  General  R.  E.  Lee,  assigned  to  permanent  command,  the 
same  order  designating  it  Hardaway's  Battalion. 

As  such  battalion— Lieutenant-Colonel  Hardaway  in  actual  command, 
Major  Willis  J.  Dance  absent,  wounded— it  was  surrendered  at  Appomatto.\ 
Courthouse. 

It  is  an  historical  fact,  that  the  last  shot  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia 
was  fired  '.by  the  JThird  Richmond  Howitzers,  one  of  the  batteries  of  this 
battalion. 

Very  respectfully,  R.  A.  Hardaway. 


Vol.  XII. 


Richmond,  Va.,  June,  1884. 


No.  6. 


The  Last  Chapter  in  the  History  of  Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina — Ad- 
ministration of  D.  H.  Chamberlain. 

Bv  F.    A.  PoRCHER,  President  South   Carolina  Historical  Society. 


Paper  No.  3. 


RICEFIELD    RIOTS. 

In  May  of  this  year  occurred  one  of  those  riots  which  distinguished 
the  close  of  Chamberlain's  administration,  and  seemed  to  demonstrate 
how  utterly  unfit  he  was  for  his  elevated  position.  A  strike  for  higher 
wages  took  place  among  the  negroes  of  the  Cornlaher  ricefields. 
Whether  the  negroes  had  just  grounds  of  complaint  against  their  em- 
ployers, is  a  question  of  no  moment  whatever.  A  morbid  sentiment 
endeavored  to  excuse  them  on  the  ground  of  unfair  conduct  on  the 
part  of  the  planters.  It  is  a  sufficient  answer  to  this  that  the  negroes, 
who  by  contract  lived  and  worked  habitually  on  the  plantations,  did 
not  begin  the  strike.  It  began  with  those  who,  living  elsewhere,  were 
occasionally  hired  to  assist  the  regular  forces.  These  persons  not 
only  refused  to  work  for  such  wages  as  were  offered  them,  (which 


242  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

they  had  a  perfect  right  to  do,)  but  they  became  lawless,  when  they 
compelled  the  contract  hands  to  stop  work  also.  It  is  a  high-handed 
outrage,  becoming  so  common  all  over  the  country  as  to  be  acquiring 
the  force  of  unwritten  law — a  practice  which  strikes  at  the  root  of  all 
civilization,  by  making  the  will  of  an  unreasoning  mob,  the  superior 
law  of  the  land.  As  soon  as  men  resort  to  violence  to  bend  others  to 
their  wills,  all  considerations  but  that  of  order  must  give  way  to  the 
higher  one  of  saving  the  country  from  anarchy,  and  even  if  the  cause 
is  originally  right,  it  becomes  thoroughly  vitiated  when  it  is  attempted 
to  enforce  it  by  violence. 

The  Governor  failed  to  adopt  those  decisive  measures,  which  alone 
could  restore  order.  A  trial  justice  was  appointed  to  arrest  the  ring- 
leaders and  bring  them  to  punishment,  and  he  issued,  through  the 
sheriff,  a  proclamation  full  of  wisdom  and  good  counsel,  but,  unfortu- 
nately, an  offer  of  amnesty  if  the  rioters  would  desist.  The  appoint- 
ment of  this  trial  justice  seemed  to  give  offence  to  the  negroes,  but  it 
does  not  appear  that  he  took  any  steps  to  quell  the  disturbance, 
and,  indeed,  when  the  Governor  promised  immunity  to  the  guilty, 
what  was  the  use  of  proceeding  against  any  one  ?  Whatever  may 
have  been  the  cause  of  the  disturbance,  it  was  soon  converted  into  a 
conflict  of  races,  and  the  hostility  of  the  blacks  was  excited  by  all 
sorts  of  devices.  Among  these  was  the  following  parody  of  a  popular 
hymn,  which  was  sung  when  the  rioters  wished  to  stimulate  them- 
selves and  encourage  others  to  join  them  : 

A  charge  to  keep  I  have, 

A  negro  to  maintain, 
A  never  dying  thirst  for  power, 

To  bind  him  with  a  chain. 

To  sever  the  present  age, 

Our  pockets  we  must  fill ; 
We'll  make  them  work  for  wages  now 

And  never  pay  the  bill. 

Arm  me  with  zealous  care 

To  make  him  know  his  place  ; 
And  oh  thy  servants.  Lord,  prepare 

To  rule  the  negro  race. 

Help  us  to  rob  and  shoot 

The  nigger  on  the  sly. 
Assured  if  they  don't  vote  for  us. 

They  shall  forever  die. 


Beconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  248 

This  precious  parody  bears  on  its  face  the  mark  of  a  white  radical. 
The  war  of  races  was  already  begun  in  the  rice-field  districts.  The 
disturbances  continued  for  a  fortnight,  and  ended  seemingly  because, 
after  the  negroes  had  manifested  their  power,  and  found  that  the 
Governor  was  either  unable  or  unwilling  to  repress  them,  they  were 
willing  to  leave  the  country  quiet  until  a  later  season,  when  they 
could  renew  the  disturbances  and  do  more  mischief 

About  the  same  time  an  incident  occurred  in  Edgefield  which  grew 
out  of  the  mistrust  entertained  by  the  people  against  the  trial  by  jury 
as  practised  in  the  State.  It  was  an  act  of  will-justice  perpetrated  by 
white  men,  with  no  consideration  of  party  politics,  and  which  was  used 
with  telling  effect  in  the  bitter  contest  approaching  for  the  chief  magis- 
tracy of  the  Union.  An  aged  couple  named  Harmon,  living  on  the 
border  of  Edgefield  and  Abbeville,  were  found  one  morning  murdered, 
and  there  were  manifest  signs  that  robbery  had  been  committed  and 
arson  attempted.  Suspicion  against  certain  negroes  was  soon  converted 
into  certainty  by  the  confession  of  one  of  them,  and  six  men  and  two 
women  were  brought  before  the  coroner.  A  verdict  of  guilty  of  mur- 
der was  brought  in  against  all  of  them,  and  the  coroner  delivered  the 
prisoners  to  the  Sheriff  to  be  taken  for  trial  to  Edgefield  jail.  Some 
two  hundred  white  men  were  now  present  on  the  occasion.  As  soor» 
as  the  sheriff  had  received  his  prisoners  he  was  approached  by  some 
men  disguised,  a  sheet  thrown  around  him.  He  was  conveyed  to  a 
neighboring  house  and  locked  in.  Meanwhile  the  prisoners,  all  but 
the  women,  were  led  off"  into  the  woods  and  quietly  shot.  Neither 
the  sheriff  nor  any  one  else  seemed  to  know  the  persons  who  com- 
mitted this  act  of  violence;  but  it  would  be  unfair  not  to  add  that  the 
public  mind  was  not  displeased  that  summary  justice  had  speedily 
overtaken  the  perpetrators  of  the  outrage  upon  the  unhappy  old  cou- 
ple, and  were  not  allowed  the  chance  of  escape,  which  a  jury  trial 
made  so  very  probable.  When  law  is  lax  or  impotent,  society  is 
forced  to  recur  to  first  principles.  This  is,  unfortunately,  too  often 
done  all  over  the  United  States  ;  but  that  which  in  a  Northern  or 
Western  State  is  regarded  as  an  occasional  and  regrettable  act  of  vio- 
lence, is  held,  when  done  at  the  South,  as  the  result  of  deep  design 
and  of  premeditated  mischief  The  governor  again  issued  a  procla- 
mation, full  of  moral  and  political  wisdom,  but  directed  against  no  one. 
He  wrote  to  Carpenter,  the  circuit  judge,  to  urge  him  to  discover  the 
perpetrators  of  the  outrages,  and  to  bring  to  trial  the  women  who  had 
been  found  guilty  by  the  coroner's  inquest,  but  spared  by  the 
lynchers. 


244  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


TWENTY-EIGHTH    JUNE. 

Meanwhile  rumors  were  rife  respecting  the  conduct  and  attitude 
of  Chamberlain.  It  was  asserted  that  the  feud  between  him  and  Pat- 
terson was  to  be  healed  over  and  certain  tamperings  with  the  funds 
of  the  State  effected  for  their  joint  benefit.  To  this  rumor  Cham- 
berlain gave  an  indignant  denial.  He  said  that  no  terms  of  reconcilia- 
tion had  been  offered,  and  that  he  would  regard  any  settlement  of 
dissensions  in  the  Republican  party  in  the  State  which  compromised 
the  cause  of  reform  as  worse  than  defeat.  It  was  by  such  declarations 
as  these  that  he  continued  to  preserve  the  good  will  with  which  he 
was  regarded  by  many  of  the  Conservatives.  They  saw  in  him  the 
one  man  in  whom  they  could  hope  for  any  mitigation  of  radical  mis- 
rule, and  though  he  often  showed  deplorable  weakness,  they  would 
not  desert  him.  They  clung  to  him  as  their  anchor  of  hope.  They 
saw  no  alternative  but  to  take  him  with  all  his  imperfectness,  and  a 
desperate  struggle  against  fearful  odds,  in  which  defeat  was  certain 
-destruction. 

Then  came  the  celebration  in  Charleston  of  June  28th. 

This  day,  peculiarly  the  day  of  Charleston  and  of  Carolina,  has  always 
been  celebrated  by  some  of  the  military  companies  of  the  city.  On 
this  occasion  the  Rifle  Club,  known  as  the  Palmetto  Club,  had  deter- 
mined to  expose  to  view  a  monument  which  they  had  erected  in 
White  Point  Garden  to  commemorate  the  hundredth  anniversary 
of  the  battle  of  Fort  Moultrie.  All  the  rifle  clubs  in  the  city  took 
part  in  the  celebration,  together  with  several  companies  from  Georgia, 
and  detachments  from  companies  in  New  York  and  Boston,  which 
had  come  to  assist  in  the  pageant.  The  command  for  the  day  was 
conferred  on  Gen.  Wade  Hampton,  the  chief  of  the  cavalry  of  the 
Confederate  army.  The  Governor  was  invited  to  partake  of  the  fes- 
tivities and  cheerfully  accepted  the  invitation.  It  must  be  remem- 
bered that  the  rifle  clubs  were  bodies  without  legal  organization, 
which  had  sprung  into  existence  at  the  conduct  of  Governor  Scott, 
when  he  refused  to  reorganize  any  white  militia,  and  lavishly  bestowed 
arms  and  ammunition  upon  the  negroes,  whom  he  had  organized 
throughout  the  State.  They  were  bodies  organized  under  the  great 
law  of  self-preservation,  when  it  seemed  to  be  the  object  of  the  Gov- 
ernor to  put  the  whites  entirely  at  the  mercy  of  the  negroes.  If  Cham- 
berlain reflected  upon  the  unlawfulness  of  these  organizations  he  kept 
his  thoughts  to  himself,  and  seemed  to  enter  into  the  spirit  of  the  eel- 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  245 

ebration  with  as  much  zeal  as  any  one  else.  It  was  not  long  after  that 
he  discovered  that  they  were  unlawful  and  dangerous  associations, 
and  brought  the  whole  weight  of  his  own  authority,  as  well  as  that  of 
the  Federal  Government  to  disarm  and  suppress  them.  But  to-day 
all  was  calm  and  bright,  and  nothing  occurred  to  mar  the  pleasure  of 
the  occasion  except  the  fierce  rays  of  a  midsummer's  morning  sun, 
which  prostrated  the  troops  engaged  in  the  pageant  and  spoiled  the 
show.  In  this  pageant  were  representatives  of  the  army.  The  era  of 
good  feeling  seemed  to  have  commenced,  the  North  and  the  South, 
the  Gray  and  the  Blue,  the  Confederates  and  the  Federals,  all  united 
in  doing  honor  to  the  historic  day  of  Charleston,  and  all  marched  un- 
der the  orders  of  a  Confederate  General.  The  Governor  was  among 
the  happiest  of  the  guests.  This  day  was  one  of  the  last  of  peace  and 
good  will.  Events  were  speedily  approaching  which  were  going  to 
establish  the  deepest  hostilities  between  the  Governor,  who  was  grow- 
ing rapidly  popular,  and  the  only  people  who  had  given  him  an  intel- 
ligent support 

HAMBURG    RIOT. 

On  the  evening  of  Saturday,  July  8th,  a  conflict  arose  at  Ham- 
burg between  sundry  white  citizens  and  a  party  of  blacks,  who  pre- 
tended to  be  the  militia  of  the  State,  which  resulted  in  the  killing  of 
a  young  man  by  the  the  name  of  Merriweather.  Exasperated  at  the 
death  of  their  companion,  and  unable  to  make  any  impression  upon 
the  brick  house  into  which  the  negroes  had  thrown  themselves,  the 
whites  sent  to  Augusta  for  a  piece  of  artillery,  with  which  they  bat- 
tered the  house  and  drove  out  the  blacks.  The  latter  escaped  from 
the  house,  and  twenty-five  of  them  fell  into  the  hands  of  the  whites. 
There  was  some  talk  of  sending  them  to  the  jail  in  Aiken,  but  after  a 
while  they  were  dismissed.  As  they  ran  off  on  being  released,  five 
of  them  were  shot  dead  and  three  wounded.  This  story  was  circu- 
lated over  the  country  the  next  day  with  all  the  horrors  which  a 
partisan  press  could  invent.  Gen.  M.  C.  Butler,  one  of  Carolina's 
favorite  and  most  trusted  sons,  was  represented  as  the  leader  in  the 
attack  on  the  house  and  the  instigator  of  the  inhuman  massacre  which 
followed  their  capture.  It  was  a  story  too  shocking  for  belief.  But 
it  so  happened  that  Gen.  Butler  was  there,  and  had  been  enough  con- 
cerned in  the  events  which  preceded  the  tragedy  to  give  a  color  to 
the  story.  Gen.  Butler  indignantly  denied  the  whole  accusation  ;  said 
that  he  was  in  Hamburg  on  professional  business,  which  he  was  pre- 
vented from  accomplishing  by  the  officers  of  the  militia,  and  added 


246  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

that  "  the  collision  was  the  culmination  of  the  system  of  outrage  and 
insulting  the  white  people,  which  the  negroes  had  there  adopted  for 
several  years ;  many  things  were  done  on  that  terrible  night  that 
cannot  be  justified,  but  the  negroes  had  sown  the  wind  and  had  reaped 
the  whirlwind." 

Having  related  the  general  fact  of  the  collision  and  massacre,  I  am 
at  a  loss  to  determine  how  to  proceed.  Though  often  urged,  the 
government  never  made  this  tragedy  the  subject  of  a  judicial  enquiry. 
A  coroner's  inquest  was  held,  at  which  an  immense  amount  of  the 
most  extravagant  testimony  {ex  parte)  \i2&  ofifered,  and  subsequently, 
on  proceeding  on  a  habeas  corpus,  other  testimony  of  a  very  different 
character  was  given  by  witnesses  whose  character  and  standing  enti- 
tled them  to  respect.  But  in  neither  case  did  the  testimony  undergo 
that  sifting  and  scrutiny  which  a  judicial  examination  alone  can  elicit. 
Prima  facie  the  testimony  for  the  government  must  have  been  con- 
sidered insufficient  to  make  a  case  against  the  accused ;  for  though 
repeatedly  urged  to  prosecute,  they  refused  to  do  so.  Another  very 
ugly  feature  in  the  case  is,  that  though  a  coroner's  inquest  was 
promptly  held  to  enquire  into  the  death  of  the  negroes,  no  notice  was 
taken  of  the  death  of  Merriweather,  who  was  the  first  victim  of  the 
affray.  Perhaps  the  best  plan  that  can  be  pursued  is  to  tell  the  story  as 
it  was  told  by  each  party,  beginning  with  that  of  Chamberlain  and 
his  Attorney-General,  Stover,  which,  having  an  official  character,  was 
received  as  true  and  greedily  swallowed  by  everybody  outside  of  the 
State.  I  must  premise  by  saying  that  the  two  great  parties  in  the 
country  had  selected  their  candidates  for  the  Presidency,  and  the  con- 
test promised  to  be  bitter  and  unscrupulous.  It  was  known  that  the 
Southern  States,  except  those  under  negro  dominion,  would  support 
Mr.  Tilden,  whose  great  services  in  weeding  out  corruption  in  New 
York  had  commended  him  to  good  men  all  over  the  country.  To 
counteract  this  favorable  opinion,  it  was  the  aim  of  the  supporters  ot 
Mr.  Hayes  to  stigmatize  the  cause  of  Tilden  by  representing  him  as 
the  supporter  of  Southern  outrages  upon  helpless  negroes.  Any 
event,  therefore,  like  the  Hamburg  massacre  was  a  godsend  to  them, 
as  it  would  wonderfully  advance  the  interest  of  Hayes.  Now,  when 
we  remember  that  Chamberlain  was  one  of  the  accredited  leaders  of 
his  party  in  South  Carolina,  and  that  his  power  was  due  to  the  aid 
which  he  could  obtain  from  that  party,  it  is'  not  doing  him  injustice  to 
presume  that  he  would  put  no  gloss  over  his  report  of  the  massacre 
so  as  to  relieve  the  Democratic  party  from  any  of  the  odium  which 
attached  to  it.     The  only  fault  that  was  apparent  in  his  report  is,  that 


Reconstruction  in  South   Carolina.  247 

he  assigns  a  cause  for  the  outbreak  so  trivial  and  so  absurd  that  men 
in  their  senses  ought  to  have  called  for  a  more  consistent  account. 
But  men  were  not  in  their  senses,  and  anything  that  would  show  the 
Southerners  to  be  fools  and  madmen  was  swallowed  by  the  North  with 
eager  credulity.  A  few  facts  should  be  considered  before  we  reach 
the  Governor's  report.  The  affair  took  place  on  the  night  of  the  8th. 
He  could  not  have  heard  of  it  before  the  next  day.  Instead  of  going 
himself,  as  a  Governor  should  have  done,  he  sent  Stover,  his  Attorney- 
General,  and  Purvis,  his  chief  military  officer.  These  men  probably 
reached  Hamburg  on  the  loth,  conversed  with  such  persons  as  they 
casually'saw,  found  the  coroner's  inquest  at  work,  and  made  their 
report  on  the  12th,  which  had  this  remarkable  conclusion:  "It  may 
be  possible  that  a  judicial  investigation  may  show  some  slight  errors 
in  the  minor  details  stated  in  this  report,  but  making  due  allowance 
for  such  errors,  the  facts  show  the  demand  on  the  militia  to  give  up 
their  arms  was  made  by  persons  without  lawful  authority  to  enforce 
such  demand,  or  to  receive  the  arms  had  they  been  surrendered;  that 
the  attack  on  the  militia  to  compel  a  compliance  with  this  demand 
was  without  lawful  excuse  or  justification,  and  that  after  there  had 
been  some  twenty  or  twenty-five  persons  completely  in  their  power, 
five  were  deliberately  shot  to  death,  and  three  wounded."  This 
report  was  made  by  the  Attorney-General  nearly  three  weeks  before 
the  coroner's  inquest  was  completed. 

Now  follows  the  Governor's  account  in  a  letter  to  Senator  Robin- 
son: "  Two  young  men— Butler  and  his  brother-in-law,  Gatsten — pass- 
ing through  Hamburg  in  a  buggy  on  the  4th  July,  encountered  a 
company  of  militia  in  the  street  under  parade,  commanded  by  Doc. 
Adams.  The  street  is  over  a  hundred  feet  in  breadth,  and  the  com- 
pany was  marching  in  a  column  of  iours.  While  thus  marching,  and 
of  course  occupying  a  very  small  portion  of  the  street,  they  were  met 
by  these  two  whites,  who  insisted  on  keeping  their  course  in  the 
street  without  regard  to  the  movements  of  the  militia,  and  drove 
against  the  head  of  the  column,  which  halted.  A  parley  ensued, 
which  ended  in  the  company  yielding,  opening  their  ranks,  and  allow- 
ing the  young  men  to  proceed  on  their  course. 

"For  thig  offence"  (so  far  from  offence,  this  is  a  report  of  unusual 
civility  on  the  part  of  the  negroes)  "  a  complaint  was  made  the  following 
day  to  Prince  Rivers,  who  discharged  the  double  duty  of  General  and 
Trial  Justice.  He  sent  a  summons  to  Adams  to  appear  before  him, 
but  he  was  not  obeyed.  Rivers  determined  to  arrest  Adams,  and  the 
case  was  adjourned  until  the  8th.     On  that  day  a   number  of  whites 


248  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

appeared  in  arms,  among  whom  was  Gen.  Butler.  Rivers  again  sum- 
moned Adams,  who  again  did  not  come,  and  Rivers,  fearing  a  colli- 
sion of  races,  did  not  enforce  his  summons.  The  whites  demanded 
the  surrender  of  the  arms  of  the  militia,  who  had  taken  refuge  in  a 
brick  house,  and  a  conference  ensued.  At  last  the  whites  said  that  if 
the  arms  were  not  surrendered  in  half  an  hour  they  would  fire  upon 
them.  To  this  the  negroes  replied  that  the  demand  was  unlawful ;  that 
they  were  necessary  for  their  personal  safety,  and  that  they  would  not 
give  them  up.  On  this  the  whites  commenced  firing,  and  a  shot  from 
the  building  killed  Mr.  Merriwether.  A  cannon  was  then  brought 
from  Augusta,  and  the  house  battered.  The  negroes  then  left  the 
house,  and  twenty  or  twenty-five  of  them  fell  into  the  hands  of  the 
whites,  who  killed  five  of  them,"  as  has  been  already  described. 

Such,  in  substance,  is  the  report  of  Gov.  Chamberlain,  derived  from 
the  report  of  his  Attorney-General,  Stover.  If  the  report  is  true,  it 
warrants  all  that  he  said  in  conclusion  as  to  the  character  of  the  act — 
viz. :  that  it  leads  to  the  supposition  that  our  civilization  is  but  skin 
deep,  and  that  nothing  short  of  condign  and  ample  punishment  can 
discharge  the  obligation  of  society  and  of  the  State  towards  the 
authors  of  this  causeless  and  cruel  massacre.  But  the  report  is  lack- 
ing in  one  very  essential  particular.  It  does  not  assign  a  cause  for 
the  events  which  succeeded  the  4th  July.  The  two  young  men 
who  encountered  the  militia  seemed  to  have  revelled  in  all  the  inso- 
lence of  madmen.  In  a  wide  and  open  street  nothing  would  satisfy 
them  but  that  particular  track  which  was  occupied  by  the  company, 
which,  as  they  were  marching  in  a  column  of  four,  must  have  been 
very  narrow.  With  a  spirit  bent  on  mischief  they  drove  against  the 
head  of  this  narrow  column,  insisting  that  the  company  should  make 
way  for  them,  and  after  a  brief  parley  the  company  yielded.  This 
story  is  one  which  any  decent  young  man  would  blush  to  hear  re- 
ported of  himself;  he  would  try  to  forget  it  and  hope  it  might  soon 
pass  into  oblivion.  But  this  was  not  their  temper.  On  the  following 
day  they  applied  to  Prince  Rivers  (whether  general  or  trial  magis- 
trate we  know  not)  for  redress.  Redress  for  what?  Their  own  un- 
pardonable insolence,  or  for  the  cruelty  of  the  militia  officers?  And 
when  this  double  functionary  was  disregarded  by  Doc.  Adams  in 
either  his  civil  or  military  capacity,  another  day  is  appointed  for  hear- 
ing the  case,  and  this  time  their  advisor  and  counsellor  is  no  less  a 
person  than  General  Butler.  Is  it  possible  that  he  could  so  far  forget 
his  dignity  and  his  character  as  to  be  the  aider  and  abettor  of  young 
men  who  had  shown  so  little  sense  of  propriety  as  they  had  done  ? 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  249 

Men  who  think  must  have  seen  that  there  was  something  not  re- 
ported ;  that  a  man  like  General  Butler  had  too  much  at  stake  to  become 
the  champion  of  two  hot-headed  boys  If  the  report  of  Stover  and 
Chamberlain  is  true,  Butler  should  have  counselled  them  to  go  home 
and  learn  to  behave  themselves.  It  is  the  natural  and  necessary- 
award  of  good  conduct  that  when  a  good  man  is  charged  with  folly 
and  wickedness,  people  should  call  for  proof  before  yielding  belief  to 
the  charges.  But  in  the  temper  with  which  the  North  regarded  the 
South,  the  ordinary  principles  of  judgment  and  of  action  were  laid 
aside,  and  it  seemed  quite  natural  that  the  heroic  Hutler  should  act 
the  part  of  a  mad  boy. 

Let  us  now  endeavor  to  arrive  at  the  truth,  and  find  a  cause  for  the 
demand  for  redress  which  brought  on  the  catastrophe.  Our  state- 
ment is  taken  from  General  Butler's  letters,  and  from  the  testimony 
elicited  on  a  proceeding  on  habeas  corpzis.  This  testimony  was 
given  by  gentlemen  of  high  character  in  that  locality. 

Since  the  war  the  town  of  Hamburg,  once  a  wealthy  part  of  the  State, 
had  sunk  both  in  wealth  and  population,  and  was  a  mere  colony  of 
negroes.  They  enjoyed  the  corporate  rights  which  had  been  granted 
to  the  town,  and  their  council  frequently  acted  both  arbitrarily  and 
eccentrically,  to  the  great  annoyance  of  those  neighbors  who  had 
occasion  to  visit  or  pass  through  the  town.  Of  late  a  military  body 
had  been  revived  on  the  basis  of  one  of  Scott's  companies.  This  com- 
pany was  in  the  habit  of  acting  as  most  of  these  companies  do  when 
not  under  the  moral  restraint  of  the  whites,  and  had  at  several  times 
been  troublesome.  It  seemed  to  them  right  and  proper  that  when 
their  Captain  was  arrested,  whether  on  civil  or  military  process,  to 
surround  him  and  resist  the  arrest,  and  this  they  did  both  on  the 
6th  and  on  the  8th  July.  Gatsten  and  young  Butler  were  com- 
ing out  of  Augusta  in  a  buggy  on  the  4th.  Doc.  Adams's  company 
was  on  parade  in  the  street.  When  they  saw  the  buggy  coming  they 
stretched  themselves  intentionally  across  the  only  available  space. 
The  street  is  generally  one  hundred  feet  wide,  but  just  here  it  was 
so  narrow  and  blocked  up  by  the  troops,  that  there  was  no  course 
for  the  buggy  to  pass.  On  one  side  was  a  ditch,  on  the  other  a 
fence,  and  in  their  rear  a  wall.  The  insult  was  open,  designed,  obsti- 
nate and  aggressive.  The  young  men  were  obliged  to  stop,  and 
whilst  they  stood  still  the  negroes  cursed  and  villified  them  in  the 
grossest  manner,  and  beat  their  drums  about  the  horse's  head.  If 
they  attempted  to  pass  through  any  space  that  seemed  open  the  gap 
was  filled  up  by  the  negroes  with  their  bayonets.     After  this  ob- 


250  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

struction  had  lasted  about  fifteen  minutes  a  rain  came  up  and  the 
negroes  dispersed.  Here,  then,  was  reasonable  ground  for  Mr.  Butler 
to  complain.  The  militia  had  not  only,  in  violation  of  the  law,  ob- 
structed the  highway,  but  had  added  outrage  and  insult  to  the  illegal 
act,  and  if  this  company  was  not  a  lawful  militia  the  offence  was  an 
aggravated  one.  On  the  following  day  Mr.  Butler  called  on  Prince 
Rivers  with  a  complaint  against  Doc.  Adams  for  forcibly  and  out- 
rageously hindering  him  from  peaceably  pursuing  his  way  through  a 
public  street.  Mr.  Butler,  the  father  of  the  complainant,  lived  about 
two  miles  from  Hamburg,  and  had  occasion,  either  himself,  some  of 
his  family  or  his  servants,  to  pass  almost  daily  through  the  town. 
Frequently  annoyed  at  the  usage  they  had  received  at  the  hands  of 
these  militiamen,  he  determined  to  try  on  this  occasion  whether  the 
law  would  not  protect  him  against  these  repeated  annoyances.  When, 
therefore,  the  case  was  adjourned  to  the  8th  he  sent  for  General  But- 
ler to  act  as  his  legal  adviser. 

On  this  summons  General  Butler  went  to  Hamburg.  He  called  on 
Prince  Rivers,  but  could  not  learn  whether  the  case  was  to  be  a  civil 
or  a  military  one.  He  seemed  to  be  either  unwilling  or  unable  to 
proceed  against  the  unruly  Captain,  who  had  posted  himself  in  a 
brick  house  which  was  used  as  an  armory  and  drill-room.  He  was 
attended  by  a  large  body  of  his  men.  Several  persons  (negroes) 
came  to  General  Buder  to  offer  to  accommodate  matters,  to  all  of 
whom  he  gave  ready  ear.  They  went  off  on  their  mission  of  peace, 
but  did  not  return.  General  Butler  and  his  client  declared  dis- 
tinctly that  all  that  they  wanted  was  that  the  outrages  complained  of 
should  not  be  repeated.  While  thus  waiting  for  a  settlement  General 
Butler  went  to  Augusta  on  private  business,  and  there  in  answer  to 
inquiries  did  not  hesitate  to  declare  that  matters  looked  very  badly  in 
Hamburg,  and  that  he  thought  a  collision  of  races  was  imminent.  He 
asked  for  no  help,  though  it  is  not  unlikely  'twas  his  declared  opinion 
induced  many  to  go  over.  On  his  return  to  the  town  Prince  Rivers 
requested  an  interview.  At  first  he  refused,  because  Rivers  had  more 
than  once  failed  to  keep  his  appointment ;  but  more  moderate  coun- 
sels prevailed  and  he  went.  He  then  told  Rivers  that  Adams's  com- 
pany was  not  a  military  body  organized  under  the  laws  of  the  State, 
had  no  right  to  the  arms  in  their  possession,  and  that  they  must  be 
given  up  and  sent  to  the  Governor.  Rivers  asked  Butler  whether  he 
would  be  responsible  for  their  delivery  if  surrendered  Butler  replied 
in  the  affirmative,  and  said  that  he  was  willing  to  give  a  bond  to  that 
effect  with  any  amount  of  security.     Rivers  wished  to  know  whether 


I  Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  '    251 

the  men  so  surrendering  their  arms  would  be  safe  from  violence. 
Butler  replied  that  that  would  depend  on  the  way  they  behaved  them- 
selves, but  that  they  had  no  right  to  the  arms  and  that  they  must  be 
given  up.  The  conference  ended  here,  and  not  long  afterwards  the 
men  in  the  house  began  to  fire  upon  the  whites.  As  soon  as  Merri- 
weather  was  slain  the  whites  went  to  Augusta  and  brought  thence  a 
cannon,  with  which  they  drove  the  negroes  from  the  house.  As  it 
was  very  late,  General  Butler  left  the  place  and  went  to  Mr.  Robert 
Butler's,  where  he  spent  the  night. 

Such  is  the  substance  of  General  Butler's  statement.  In  a  subse- 
quent letter,  called  out  by  Chamberlain's  letter  to  Senator  Robertson, 
he  indignantly  said :  "  No  man  knows  better  than  Chamberlain  that  what 
he  says  in  that  letter  to  Robertson  is  false  in  every  essential  particu- 
lar.  No  one  knows  better  than  himself  that  he  has  published  it  in 
the  bloody-shirt  outrage  interest."  Meanwhile  a  coroner's  inquest, 
conducted  by  Prince  Rivers,  with  the  assistance  of  Harmost,  was  sit- 
ting on  the  case,  and  continued  its  sessions  until  the  end  of  the 
month.  The  result  of  this  inquest  was  a  verdict  of  murder  against  seven 
men,  and  eighty  others  of  being  accessory  to  the  murder,  and  warrants 
of  arrest  were  served  by  the  sheriff  on  all  who  lived  in  South  Caro- 
lina of  the  men  thus  accused  (at  least  one  had  been  dead  several  years, 
two  were  in  California,  and  one  was,  on  the  night  in  question,  con- 
fined in  the  station-house  in  Augusta).  Ten  of  the  jury  made  their 
marks  on  this  verdict. 

It  was  prudent  on  the  part  of  the  accused  to  fortify  themselves  with 
testimony  in  rebuttal  of  that  which  had  been  taken  by  the  coroner, 
and  a  mass  of  sworn  testimony  was  carried  before  Judge  Maher,  before 
whom  the  accused  appeared  and  demanded  to  be  bailed.  From  this 
it  was  proved  that  Adams  had  organized  his  company  in  the  spring, 
with  the  avowed  purpose  of  killing  the  whites  ;  that  for  several  days 
before  the  collision,  the  negroes  had  threatened  to  force  a  fight ;  that 
a  white  man  named  Schilber,  a  Hamburg  shopkeeper,  had  gone  to 
Columbia  on  the  5th  and  returned  the  next  day  with  a  tin  case  of 
cartridges,  which  was  delivered  to  the  officers  of  the  company  ;  that 
runners  were  sent  to  Beach  Island,  to  Bath  Mills,  and  elsewhere,  to 
call  the  negroes  into  Hamburg  on  the  8th,  many  of  whom  obeyed  the 
call ;  that  the  negroes  had  ammunition  and  a  cannon  stored  in  their 
armory  ;  that  Adams,  Athony  and  others  had  publicly  declared  their 
intention  to  kill  out  the  whites  before  the  election  ;  that  the  shooting 
in  the  night  had  begun  with  the  negroes,  and  not  a  single  fire  had 
been  returned  until   Merriweather  was  killed.      It  was   proved,   and 


252  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

this  by  the  testimony  of  Prince  Rivers  himself,  that  Doc.  Adams's 
company  was  not  a  legally  organized  body,  and  that  they  had  got 
possession  of  their  arms  irregularly  and  unlawfully.  With  affidavits 
to  these  facts,  made  by  men  of  the  highest  character  in  the  neighbor- 
hood, the  accused  went  to  Aiken,  before  Judge  Maher,  and  after  some 
factious  and  ineffectual  opposition  by  Attorney-General  Stover,  were 
discharged  on  bail.  The  matter  was  never  brought  before  a  court  by 
that  officer.  He  was  too  busy  manufacturing  outrages  for  the  politi- 
cal market  to  attend  to  the  proper  duties  of  his  office.  Towards  the 
end  of  the  month  the  Governor  went  to  Washington,  a  practice  com- 
mon with  our  radical  governors  and  judges  when  trouble  of  any  kind 
existed.  He  also  wrote  a  letter  to  President  Grant,  which  we  shall 
presently  give,  but  it  was  not  published  until  called  for  by  the  House 
of  Representatives. 

On  the  4th  August  the  Secretary  of  War  ordered  that  all  troops 
not  required  to  act  against  the  Indians  be  held  in  readiness  to  act  in 
the  Southern  States,  and  not  long  afterwards  troops  were  stationed  at 
Hamburg.  It  was  naturally  supposed  that  this  was  the  result  of  his 
late  visit  to  Washington,  but  the  Governor  indignantly  denied  that  he 
had  visited  Washington  with  that  end  in  view.  He  wanted  no  troops 
to  assist  him,  and  had  made  no  such  request.  He  did  not  consider 
the  riot  at  Hamburg  as  significant  of  anything  more  than  a  mere  local 
affair,  the  result  of  bad  feeling  in  a  particular  locality.  A  very  few 
days  afterwards  his  letter  to  the  President  was  made  public,  and  Cham- 
berlain's character  for  veracity  was  utterly  ruined. 

In  this  letter  he  declares  that  the  massacre  of  Hamburg  had  struck 
terror  into  the  hearts  of  the  negro,  and  as  it  was  probably  made  with 
a  view  to  the  approaching  elections,  it  would  have  the  effect  of  deter- 
ring them  from  the  polls,  and  he  more  than  insinuates  that  it  was  a 
political  move.  He  says  that  the  demand  made  by  the  mob  on  the 
militia  company  for  surrendering  their  arms,  with  the  fact  that  the 
militia  had  not  done,  nor  threatened  to  do,  injury  to  any  one  in  that 
community,  seems  to  indicate  a  purpose  to  deprive  the  militia  of  their 
rights  on  account  of  their  color  or  political  associations.  Those  who 
made  the  demand  were  whites  and  Democrats.  The  effect  of  this 
act  has  been  to  terrorize  the  blacks  and  cause  some  elation  among 
the  whites.  All  the  whites  are  not  so  bad  as  those  of  Edgefield,  but 
their  mild  disapproval  of  such  outrages  does  not  prevent  them,  and 
as  political  advantages  may  grow  out  of  them,  they  overlook  the 
brutality  and  seek  to  find  some  excuse  for  it.  Their  intention  is  to 
introduce  the  Mississippi  plan  into  the  State.     In  this  state  of  general 


Letters  from  Fort  Sunder.  253 

alarm  among  the  negroes,  may  not  the  Governor  expect  help  from 
the  President  ? 

President  Grant,  who  a  year  before  had  turned  a  deaf  ear  to  the 
call  of  the  Governor  of  Mississippi  for  help,  now  when  the  elections 
are  approaching  finds  that  the  rights  and  liberties  of  the  citizens  are 
in  peril,  sympathizes  deeply  with  the  Governor  of  South  Carolina. 
In  the  Hamburg  massacre  he  finds  only  a  repetition  of  Mississippi 
violence.  He  volunteers  the  opinion  that  the  latter  State  is  governed 
by  a  body  of  officials  chosen  through  fraud  and  violence  such  as  was 
scarcely  to  be  accredited  to  savages,  much  less  to  a  civilized  and 
Christian  people.  He  closes  with  a  remark  the  truth  and  significance 
of  which  doubtless  did  not  appear  either  to  himself  or  to  Chamber- 
lain, but  which  everybody  can  understand  now — a  government  that 
cajinot  give  protection  to  life,  property,  ayid  all  civil  rights  is  a  failure. 

When  the  leaders  give  the  key  note,  the  masses  are  sure  to  follow. 
On  the  evening  of  the  17th  July  an  indignation  meeting  was  hold  in 
Charleston,  at  which  the  Rev.  Cain  (Daddy  Cain)  and  the  Rev. 
Adams  were  conspicuous.  Their  language  was  such  as  this  :  "  This 
thing  must  stop  I  Remember  there  are  eighty  thousand  black  men  in 
the  State  able  to  bear  Winchester  rifles ;  and  twenty  thousand  black 
wo7ne7i  who  can  light  the  torch  or  use  the  knife.  Governor  Cham- 
berlain must  bring  Butler  and  his  clan  to  justice." 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter. 


By  Lieutenant  Iredell  Jones,  of  First  Regiment  South  Carolijia  Reg- 
ulars. 

Fort  Sumter,  August  22,  1863, 

My  Dearest  Mother, — The  firing  continued  all  day  yesterday  with 
unabated  fury,  no  less  than  1,000  shots  being  thrown  at  us,  and  to 
give  you  an  idea  of  the  accuracy,  our  flag-staflf  was  shot  away  four 
times.  The  firing  was  concentrated  principally  on  the  eastern  face, 
though  but  little  damage  was  done,  save  the  disabling  of  two  guns. 
In  the  evening,  the  Ironsides  came  in,  and  we  opened  on  her  with 
considerable  spirit  for  a  short  while,  until  she  thought  it  best  to  retire. 
The  casualties  were  few,  but  one  of  our  best  men  had  his  leg  shot  off 
and  afterwards  amputated.  General  Beauregard  came  down  about 
dusk,  and  General  Ripley  was  here  also  somewhat  later.  The  former, 
while  he  appeared  highly  pleased  and  confident,  could  not  help  dis- 
playing a  silent  wonder  and  amazement  at  the  ruined  and  dilapidated 


254  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Fort.  He  says  it  must  be  held  for  one  month  yet.  To-day  the  firing 
has  been  unusually  heavy,  and,  though  only  one  or  two  casualties,  it 
has  resulted  in  considerable  injury  to  us,  in  the  way  of  dismounting 
guns.  We  have  now  only  four  guns  fit  for  immediate  service,  though 
these  are  well  protected  by  sand  traverses,  and  probably  will  not  be 
hurt  at  all.  Besides,  several  others  are  only  temporarily  disabled, 
and  to-night,  when  the  firing  ceases,  they  can  be  repaired.  One  com- 
pany was  sent  out  of  the  Fort  last  night,  and  to-night  another  goes. 
This  will  leave  three  to  keep  the  old  machine  going.  Our  men  act 
splendidly.  No  troops  probably  ever  stood  with  so  little  concern 
and  for  so  long  a  time  such  a  terrific  and  constant  shelling,  and  the 
more  honor  is  due  to  them  for  such  behavior  when  it  is  recollected 
that  they  do  it  without  being  allowed  to  reply.  They  have  to  sit 
quiet  and  take  it  the  livelong  day.  You  have  no  idea  what  a  relief  it 
is  at  night  when  the  enemy  stops  pelting  us;  the  feeling  is  delightful; 
we  feel  refreshed  and  rejoiced,  and  seem  to  breathe  more  freely  an 
air  that  seems  purer. 

The  eastern  face  of  the  Fort  is  very  litde  injured  so  far,  and  the 
Fort  is  still  tenable,  though  no  one  expects  it  to  be  held  any  length 
of  time.  The  object  of  holding  now  is  to  get  time  to  build  or  com- 
plete batteries  on  James's  Island.  Powder  is  being  moved  out  as 
rapidly  as  possible.  It  is  not  impossible  to  save  them,  but  it  is  proba- 
ble that  the  guns  will  be  blown  up  with  the  Fort  when  we  evacuate. 
The  Fort  is  so  torn  to  pieces,  and  there  is  so  much  rubbish  in  it,  that 
it  would  be  a  difficult  job  to  get  them  out,  and  would  require  too 
much  energy  for  we  Contederates.  It  has  come  to  our  ears  that  the 
croakers  have  already  opened  their  terrific  battery,  that  never  ceases 
firing.  Every  gun  must  be  saved,  say  they,  and  the  Fort  must  be 
defended,  casemate  by  casemate,  tier  by  tier,  brick  by  brick!.  Build 
a  bomb-proof,  and  get  in  it,  and  stay  there  and  never  give  it  up!  I 
wish  some  of  these  boys  would  come  down  and  give  us  a  lift.  It  is 
said  their  battery  never  ceases  firing,  but  I  venture  to  say  that  if  one 
of  these  same  boys  were  to  come  down  here  and  sit  with  us  six  hours, 
his  battery  would  be  completely  silenced,  and  he  would  never  open 
again,  though  he  should  live  to  the  age  of  twice  three  score  and  ten. 

One  of  Ripley's  fancy  aids-de-camp  came  down  the  other  night 
with  orders  to  Colonel  Rhett  to  hold  the  Fort  at  all  hazards,  and 
was  accidentally  forced  to  remain  in  the  Fort  during  next  day ;  but 
he  left  here  as  soon  as  possible,  the  most  disagreeably  scared  man 
you  ever  saw  in  your  life,  and  I  venture  a  prediction  that  he  won't 

come  back  to  this  place  any  more. 

********* 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  255 

Night  before  last  Captain  Carlin,  with  a  small  steamer  made  for  the 
purpose,  accompanied  by  a  detachment  from  the  Fort  under  Lieu- 
tenant Fickling,  went  out  to  blow  up  the  Ironsides.  They  reached 
the  old  monster  without  the  slightest  alarm  being  given,  but,  unfortu- 
nately, instead,  of  striking  her  with  bow  ahead,  the  tide  drifted  them 
round,  and  the  boat  struck  with  its  side,  the  torpedo  hanging  in  some 
chains  on  the  Ironsides  and  being  torn  off  and  left.  They  all  have 
frightful  stories  to  relate  about  the  drums  beating  to  quarters,  seeing 
men  rush  on  deck  and  to  their  guns,  and  seeing  guns  run  in  battery, 
and  blank  cartridges  fired.  But  suffice  it  to  say,  that  they  succeeded 
in  getting  off  safe,  though  making  a  hair-breadth  escape.  I  have 
told  you  about  Fickling,  particularly  his  height.  He  is  only  nineteen 
years  old,  but  a  more  gallant  fellow  never  lived.  How  near  he  came 
being  immortalized  ! 

Iredell  Jones. 


Fort  Sumter,  August  23,  1863. 

My  Dear  Father : — You  will  have  heard,  before  this  reaches 
you,  of  the  fight  with  the  enemy's  monitors  this  morning.  They 
came  up,  five  in  number,  about  half-past  three  o'clock  and  opened 
on  us,  in  our  helpless  condition,  a  most  terrific  and  destructive  fire. 
We  had  but  one  solitary  gun  amid  the  ruins,  the  remnant  of  thirty- 
five  splendid  barbette  guns,  with  which  to  contend  against  them. 
They  were  within  800  yards  of  the  Fort,  and  could  not  be  seen  by  the 
other  fortifications  on  account  of  the  denseness  of  the  fog ;  so  that  for 
some  time  our  single  gun  was  the  only  one  on  our  side  engaged.  I 
could  scarcely  restrain  my  tears  at  our  helpless  situation.  It  was  a 
sad  reflection  indeed  to  think  that  all  our  guns  were  disabled,  and 
that,  too,  when  we  so  much  needed  them,  and  that  we  had  only  one 
with  which  to  fight  the  sneaking  sea-devils.  After  awhile,  however, 
Moultrie,  Bee,  Simpkins,  Gregg,  all  opened,  and,  after  a  hot  fight  of 
two  hours,  in  which  we  in  the  Fort  were  the  only  ones  to  suffer,  the 
enemy  thought  fit  to  retire.  I  need  not  speak  of  the  injury  that  we 
sustained,  for  we  could  scarcely  be  injured  more  than  we  already  were. 
The  reason  of  the  enemy's  appearance  this  morning  was  doubtless 
on  account  of  their  belief  that  the  Fort  was  abandoned ;  for,  before 
we  opened,  a  launch  filled  with  troops  was  seen  approaching  the 
Fort,  and  was  quite  near  the  wharf  when  we  gave  the  alarm,  where- 
upon the  launch  was  seen  to  return  hurriedly.  The  garrison  had 
been  ordered  previously  to  turn  out  with  small  arms  to  defend  the 


256  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ruins  against  an  assault,  and  when  the  launch  was  first  discovered  it 
was  thought  to  be  a  storming  party,  but  it  was  evidently  only  a  small 
force  to  take  possession  of  the  Fort.  The  enemy  were  doubtless  in- 
duced to  believe  that  the  Fort  was  evacuated  from  the  fact  that  no 
evening  gun  was  fired  yesterday — a  thing  so  unusual,  and  which  was 
caused  partly  by  neglect  and  partly  by  an  accident. 

We  have  endured  another  day's  hard  shelling  and  pelting.  It  is 
now  just  after  dark,  and  not  a  sound  salutes  the  ear.  The  whole  har- 
bor seems  at  rest  and  quiet ;  whether  they  are  or  not,  I  cannot  tell. 
We  look  for  the  monitors  to  come  up  again  in  the  morning.  How  I 
wish  we  had  something  with  which  to  fight  them  !  I  was  officer  of 
the  guard  yesterday,  and  during  the  fight  this  morning  had  to  remain 
at  the  sally-port  with  my  guard.  I  had  a  dangerous  post,  being  in 
the  line  of  fire,  but  fortunately  escaped  untouched.  One  of  my  men 
was  killed,  and  seven  negroes,  who  were  taking  protection  in  the 
casemates  with  me,  were  wounded.  There  were  an  unusual  number 
of  casualties  to-day,  particularly  as  to  officers.  A  shell  burst  just 
over  the  mess-room  while  several  officers  were  at  dinner,  wounding 
slightly  the  Colonel,  Adjutant  and  ordnance  officer,  together  with  a 
negro  waiter. 

It  seems  to  be  the  policy  of  General  Beauregard  to  hold  the  Fort 
at  all  hazards  until  he  gets  his  fortifications  completed  on  James  and 
Sullivan's  Islands,  when  we  will  probably  be  sent  to  the  latter  place. 
I  don't  think  that  the  enemy  will  make  an  assault.  If  they  do, 
however,  they  will  find  it  an  ugly  little  job.  Our  men  are  in  good 
spirits,  though  considerably  chafed  and  worried  in  consequence  of  the 
tremendous  bombardment  that  they  have  been  under  for  seven  days. 
If  it  is  the  wish  of  our  Generals  that  we  should  remain  here  and  suf- 
fer for  the  good  of  our  country,  I  hope  we  will  be  equal  to  any  danger 
or  hardship  that  we  may  be  required  to  endure.  I  trust  the  city  will 
be  saved,  even  after  Morris'  Island  and  Sumter  are  abandoned.     *     ' 

Iredell  Jones. 


Fort  Sumter,  August  25,  1863. 

My  Dear  Mother : — It  gratified  me  much  to  receive  your  kind  let- 
ter yesterday  evening.  It  so  happened  that  I  read  it  at  the  same  time 
that  I  received  the  Charleston  papers  containing  the  vile,  brutal,  un- 
civilized demand  of  the  wretch  who  commands  the  Yankee  forces  in 
this  department,  and  its  pure,  pious,  trustful  spirit,  representing  the 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  257 

mothers  and  daughters  of  our  noble  old  city,  against  whom  (for  it  was 
meant  for  no  others  to  suffer  by  it)  the  atrocious  demand  was  made 
had  the  effect  to  increase,  if  that  were  possible,  the  deep  feeling  of 
disgust  and  revenge  that  I  already  harbored  in  my  breast,  from  wit- 
nessing on  Saterday  morning  the  unprecedented  act  that  he  threat- 
ened, actually  performed.  And  now,  before  God,  I  vow  that  if  such 
an  act  is  repeated,  and  I  am  ever  placed  in  a  situation  to  take  re- 
venge, I  shall  neither  give  nor  ask  quarter,  but  slaughter  every  wretch 
that  comes  within  my  power.  I  know  this  is  a  change  from  the  views 
and  principles  that  I  have  heretofore  entertained ;  but  my  principles 
can  have  no  force  when  my  feelings  are  so  touched.  Such  an  act 
forewarns  us  what  we  may  expect  at  the  hands  of  General  Gilmore ; 
and,  while  it  demonstrates  his  brutality,  it  demonstrates  still  more  his 
weakness  and  recklessness,  and  however  well  he  has  seemingly  con- 
ducted affairs  in  this  attack,  I  venture  to  predict  that  he  is  not  a  man 
of  ability.  Beauregard's  reply  everybody  considers  excellent.  The 
General  can  write  if  he  can't  fight.  The  enemy's  battery  in  the 
marsh,  from  which  the  shots  were  fired  on  the  city,  can  be  seen 
plainly  from  here,  and  has  only  one  gun  mounted,  and  at  such  a  dis- 
tance (five  miles)  no  one  thinks  that  it  can  injure  the  city  materially. 
We  cannot  imagine  any  other  object  that  General  Gilmore  could  have 
had,  save  malicious  spite.  He  could  not  have  supposed  that  by 
firing  on  the  city  he  would  compel  the  surrender  of  Morris's  Island 
and  Sumter.  He  is  chagrined  that  he  cannot,  with  his  all-powerful 
combined  force,  make  two  poor  little  batteries  crumble  before  him  ; 
that  Sumter,  though  knocked  to  pieces,  still  continued  to  show  fight ; 
and  that  he  has  expended  on  the  latter  alone  100,000  pounds  of  pow- 
der and  1,000,000  pounds  of  wrought  iron.  But,  though  he  cannot 
boast  of  having  whipped  us  at  all,  much  less  in  six  hours,  he  cannot 
injure  us  much  more  than  he  has  already. 

I  told  you  in  my  last  that  we  had  but  one  serviceable  gun.  Since 
then,  however,  we  have  rigged  up  two  others  that  were  disabled, 
which,  though  the  parapet  is  knocked  away  in  front  of  both,  we  ex- 
pect to  fight  in  case  the  Ironclads  try  us  again.  Colonel  Rhett  has 
fully  equalled  our  expectations,  as  regards  being  a  cool,  collected, 
brave  man,  and  he  has  certainly  acted  well  in  this  affair.  The  Gen- 
erals tried  to  make  him  shoulder  the  responsibility  of  abandoning 
the  Fort,  the  other  day,  by  endeavoring  to  induce  him  to  say  the 
Fort  was  untenable  ;  to  which  he  replied  that  he  intended  to  hold 
the  Fort  until  he  received  orders,  and  that  if  they  refused,  on  his 
applying,  to  give  him  any,  he  would  then  not  sacrifice  his  garrison, 
2 


268  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

but  leave  when  he  thought  fit.  From  all  I  can  learn,  the  Fort  is  to 
be  held  for  the  present,  and  now  the  best  guns  are  being  removed. 
It  is  a  slow  and  difficult  work,  however,  and  it  is  only  at  night  that 
we  can  do  anything  at  all.  You  may  suppose  that  there  is  danger, 
while  in  a  helpless  condition,  of  our  being  taken  prisoners  by  being 
cut  off,  but  rest  assured  that  there  is  not  the  remotest  probability  of 
any  such  occurrence.  You  know  by  this  time  that  I  always  tell  you 
exactly  what  I  think.  We  cannot  be  taken  otherwise  than  by  a 
storming  party,  and  though  the  Yankees  are  smart  enough  to  un- 
dertake almost  any  job,  I  give  them  credit  for  being  a  little  too  smart 
to  take  the  contract.     Probably  it  would  not  pay. 

Wednesday  Morniyig. — Yesterday  evening  at  dusk  the  enemy 
made  an  attack  on  our  rifle  pits  in  front  of  Wagner,  and  after  a  sharp 
little  fight,  were  repulsed.  They  have  advanced  their  saps  to  within 
400  yards  of  the  battery.  Our  loss  was  six  killed  and  twenty-five 
wounded. 

The  firing  continued  on  us  all  day  yesterday,  but  nothing  like  so 
rapidly  as  previously';  and  while  I  write  this  morning,  the  firing  is 
going  on  slowly  again.  Last  night  two  of  our  companies  were  re- 
lieved from  here  and  sent  to  the  batteries  on  James's  Island  Their 
place  was  supplied  by  two  picked  Georgia  companies.  There  are 
now  only  two  of  our  own  companies  in  the  Fort — Captain  Harleston's 
and  Captain  Fleming's.  ***** 

Iredell  Jones. 


Military  Operations  of    General  Beauregard. 

By  Alfred  Roman. 

A   REVIEW    BY     COLONEL    VVM.    ALLAN,    FORMERLY    CHIEF    OF    ORD- 
NANCE  SECOND    CORPS,  A.   N.    V, 

This  book  contains  much  of  interest  and  value.  General  Beaure- 
gard was  one  of  the  highest  officers  in  rank  in  the  Confederate  ser- 
vice, and  was  concerned  in  many  important  operations  during  the 
civil  war.  Indeed,  few  officers  on  either  side  had  an  experience  more 
varied  and  extensive.  The  narrative  throws  light  on  many  of  the 
great  junctures  of  that  struggle,  and  is  enriched  by  a  mass  of  official 
documents,  many  of  which  are  here  published  for  the  first  time. 
Though  there  is  no  little  diffuseness  and  repetition  in  the  book,  the 
arrangement  is  clear  and  the  style  easy  and  attractive.     The  care  and 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  259 

labor  shown  in  the  preparation,  as  well  as  the  mass  of  valuable  ma- 
terials it  contains,  render  this  book  indispensable  to  the  student  of  the 
history  of  the  war. 

We  regret  that  we  cannot  go  farther  in  praise  of  this  book,  but  its 
whole  tone,  temper  and  manner  of  composition  forbid  it.  Its  faults  are 
too  glaring  to  be  overlooked.  The  chief  sufferer  from  its  publication 
is  likely  to  be  General  Beauregard  himself,  and  it  had  been  better  for 
his  reputation  if  he  had  assumed  less  directly  the  responsibility  for 
Colonel  Roman's  work.  The  book  is  not  so  much  a  history  of  Gen- 
eral Beauregard's  career  as  it  is  a  fulsome  panegyric  of  him,  an  over- 
strained and  often  disingenuous  defence  of  everything  he  did,  or  did 
not  do,  during  the  war,  and  an  unfair  and  ill-natured  critique  upon 
the  conduct  of  his  superiors.  We  believe  there  is  not  a  single  supe- 
rior officer  of  General  Beauregard  that  is  not  disparaged  in  this  book, 
and  accused  of  damaging,  at  one  time  or  another,  the  cause  of  which 
General  Beauregard  is  represented  as  the  only  ever  wise  and  ever 
unselfish  defender.  The  object  of  our  author's  special  hostility  is  Mr. 
Davis,  but  the  Confederate  Secretaries  of  War,  the  chiefs  of  the  war 
bureaus  in  Richmond,  and  Generals  Cooper,  Lee,  A.  S.  Johnston,  J. 
E.  Johnston,  besides  many  of  lower  rank,  come  in  for  their  share 
of  criticism — a  criticism  often  ill-judged,  in  most  cases  partial,  and 
nearly  always  truculent. 

The  author's  mode  of  dealing  with  history  is  illustrated  by  his  ac- 
count of  the  first  battle  of  Manassas.  The  facts  in  regard  to  this 
are  simple.  In  July,  1861,  the  Confederate  Government  had  two 
principal  bodies  of  troops,  hastily  collected,  to  oppose  the  invasion  of 
Virginia,  threatened  by  the  as  hastily  gathered  levies  of  the  Federal 
Government.  The  larger  of  these,  under  General  Beauregard,  held 
the  line  of  Bull  Run,  and  in  its  front  was  the  principal  Federal  army 
under  General  McDowell.  Beauregard's  force  was  being  augmented 
by  new  regiments  as  fast  as  they  could  be  armed  and  equipped  out 
of  the  meagre  supplies  the  South  could  then  command,  and  by  the 
middle  of  July  numbered  about  20,000  men.  The  other  Confederate 
army,  of  about  10,000  men,  under  General  J.  E.  Johnston,  was  op- 
posing General  Patterson's  advance  into  the  Shenandoah  Valley. 
Besides  these.  General  Holmes  had  a  small  force  on  the  lower  Poto- 
mac. Both  of  the  larger  bodies  were  greatly  inferior  to  the  Federal 
forces  opposing  them.  McDowell  had  about  35,000  men  and  Patter- 
son about  20,000.  As  McDowell's  was  the  principal  Federal  army, 
it  was  pretty  clear  that  the  first  serious  advance  would  be  made  by 
it.     It  was  also  evident  that  the  Confederate  forces  at  Manassas  would 


260  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

not  grow  fast  enough  to  place  it  on  an  equality  with  the  army 
in  its  front,  and  therefore  General  Beauregard  suggested  the  expe- 
diency of  uniting  the  forces  of  Johnston  and  Holmes  with  his  own 
for  a  sudden  attack  upon  the  Federal  armies  in  succession.  This 
proposal  Beauregard  submitted  through  one  of  his  stalT  to  Mr.  Davis 
on  the  night  of  July  14.  Generals  Cooper  and  Lee  were  called  in 
conference  by  Mr.  Davis.  The  plan  required  that  General  Johnston, 
who  was  seventy -five  miles  away,  should  leave  5,000  men  to  hold 
Patterson  in  check,  and  rapidly  join  Beauregard  with  20,000.  This 
would  double  the  Confederate  force  at  Manassas  and  make  it  supe- 
rior to  McDowell,  who  was  to  be  attacked  and  beaten.  Then  John- 
ston was  to  return  with  his  own  and  10,000  of  Beauregard's  men  and 
overwhelm  Patterson.  Beauregard  thought  a  week  would  suffice  for 
this,  after  which  Johnston  was  to  reinforce  Garnett  in  West  Virginia 
and  destroy  McClellan.  Then  Johnston's  and  Garnett's  forces  were 
to  cross  the  Potomac  and  attack  Washington  in  rear,  while  Beaure- 
gard assailed  it  in  front.  This  scheme  was  rejected  as  impracticable 
by  all  present  at  the  conference,  because:  i,  Johnston  had  hardly 
10,000  men,  instead  of  25,000,  which  Beauregard's  plan  assumed ;  2. 
McDowell's  army  was  too  close  to  Washington  to  permit  of  its  being 
crushed  in  the  way  indicated.  If  pressed,  it  could  readily  fall  back 
to  that  city  and  its  reserves.  Another  reason  General  Beauregard 
might  himself  have  added :  neither  of  the  Confederate  armies  was 
supplied  with  transportation  or  stores  sufficient  for  the  complicated 
movements  mapped  out. 

On  July  17,  the  third  day  after  this  conference,  McDowell  advanced, 
and  Beauregard  telegraphed  the  fact  and  asked  for  reinforcements. 
Johnston  was  then  ordered  to  join  him  if  practicable  with  his  effective 
force,  and  Holmes  was  also  sent  up.  Next  day  occurred  Tyler's 
attempt  at  Mitchell's  Ford,  ending  in  a  Federal  repulse.  Beaure- 
gard's report  apparently  caused  the  Confederate  authorities  to  think 
that  McDowell  had  been  severely  checked,  for  next  day  (19th)  Beau- 
regard was  telegraphed  as  follows:  "We  have  no  intelligence  from 
General  Johnston.  If  the  enemy  in  front  of  you  has  abandoned  an 
immediate  attack,  and  General  Johnston  has  not  moved,  you  had 
better  withdraw  the  call  upon  him,  so  that  he  may  be  left  to  his  full 
discretion."  *  *  >};  Beauregard,  seeing  that  the  Federal 
army  in  front  was  only  perfecting  its  plans  for  attack,  of  course  did 
not  stop  Johnston,  who  reached  Manassas  on  the  20th,  followed  by 
his  troops  during  that  night  and  the  next  day.  As  Johnston  had 
merely  eluded  Patterson,  who  must  soon   learn  of  his   movement. 


Military  Operations  of  General  BeoMregard.  261 

both  Confederate  Generals  felt  that  no  time  was  to  be  lost  in  fighting 
McDowell.  Johnston  was  senior,  and  in  command,  but,  having 
no  time  to  learn  the  country  or  disposition  of  the  troops,  adopted 
Beauregard's  plan  of  attacking  McDowell  at  Centreville  next  day 
(21st).  The  aggressive  movements  of  the  Federals  early  on  the  21st 
prevented  the  execution  of  this  plan.  Beauregard  then  proposed  to 
check  McDowell's  movement  against  the  left  by  attacking  with  the 
Confederate  right.  This,  too,  was  approved  and  adopted,  but  the  or- 
ders sent  by  General  Beauregard  failed  to  reach  the  Confederate  right 
in  time.  Meantime  McDowell  had  turned  the  Confederate  left  and 
was  pressing  back  with  overwhelming  force  the  troops  there  sta- 
tioned. All  plans  of  aggression  were  now  abandoned  in  order  to 
resist  McDowell's  attack,  and  a  battle,  unforeseen  in  character,  loca- 
tion and  disposition  of  troops,  ensued.  Both  Generals  hastened  to 
the  point  of  danger  and  exerted  themselves  successfully  to  stay  the 
progress  of  the  Federals.  Johnston  then  left  Beauregard  in  com- 
mand of  the  troops  engaged,  and,  taking  a  position  with  reference  to 
the  whole  field,  devoted  himself  to  hastening  forward  reinforcements. 
These  came  up  so  promptly  that  Beauregard,  taking  advantage  of  the 
check  which  Jackson's  stubborn  stand  had  wrought,  was  soon  able  to 
resume  the  offensive,  and  within  a  short  time  the  Federals  were  not 
only  defeated  but  routed  and  driven  with  fearful  panic  across  Bull 
Run. 

Mr.  Davis  reached  the  field  after  the  battle  was  over,  and  that 
night,  when  the  panic  of  the  Federal  army  had  become  partially 
known,  was  anxious  for  an  immediate  advance  toward  Washington. 
Both  Generals  thought  this  inadvisable,  so  great  was  the  exhaustion 
and  confusion  in  the  Confederate  ranks  produced  by  the  battle,  and 
so  inadequate  the  stock  of  supplies  and  transportation  then  available. 
On  the  night  of  the  22d,  at  another  conference,  the  Generals  declared 
it  was  impracticable  to  cross  the  Potomac  or  to  advance  at  once  on 
Washington  in  the  wake  of  the  defeated  army.  Mr.  Davis  seems  to 
have  been  satisfied  with  the  propriety  of  this  judgment,  and  the  idea 
was  abandoned. 

Such  are  the  facts.  Let  us  see  what  Colonel  Roman  makes  of 
them.  On  the  rather  slim  basis  of  the  reduction  of  Fort  Sumter, 
General  Beauregard's  skill  and  reputation  are  spoken  of  in  the  most 
extravagant  terms.  He  then  describes  the  proposal  of  July  14  as  a 
stroke  of  genius,  and  says  :  "  A  high  tribunal,  composed  of  the  Presi- 
dent, Generals  Cooper  and  Lee,  took  upon  itself  to  check  and  render 
barren  the  strategic  powers  so  greatly  developed  in  General  Beaure- 


262  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

gard,  and  in  which  the  immortal  Jackson  alone  is  acknowledged  to 
have  been  his  peer."  Over  and  over  again,  with  tiresome  iteration, 
are  Davis,  Cooper  and  Lee  denounced  for  not  committing  themselves 
without  hesitation  to  a  scheme  utterly  impracticable  as  Beauregard 
put  it,  since  it  assumed  nearly  three  times  as  many  troops  with  John- 
ston as  he  actually  had.  Had  the  troops  been  at  hand,  half-drilled, 
inexperienced,  badly  equipped,  with  insufhcient  transportation,  as 
they  were,  the  chances  of  success  would  not  have  been  more  than 
one  in  one  hundred,  and  there  is  nothing  in  General  Beauregard's 
subsequent  career  to  lead  to  the  conviction  that  he  was  the  man  to 
seize  that  single  chance.  Again,  the  dispatch  of  the  19th  is  tortured 
to  mean  a  withdrawal  of  assent  to  the  union  of  Johnston  and  Beaure- 
gard, and  the  latter  is  highly  praised  for  pocketing  the  dispatch  and 
thus  insuring  the  junction  of  the  two  forces,  while  Mr.  Davis  is  un- 
sparingly condemned  for  sending  it.  The  dispatch  shows  for  itself. 
Johnston  was  not  to  be  stopped  unless  McDowell  had  abandoned  his 
immediate  attack,  and  even  then  discretion  was  left  with  Johnston  (the 
senior  officer)  as  to  his  movements.  McDowell  had  not  abandoned 
his  attack,  and  therefore  Beauregard  did  simply  his  duty  in  holding 
the  dispatch.     Colonel  Roman  goes  on  to  say  : 

"  We  assert  it  as  an  incontrovertible  truth,  fully  proved  by  later 
events,  that  the  President  of  the  Confederacy,  by  neglecting  to  com- 
pel his  Quartermaster-General  to  procure  the  transportation  which 
could  have  been  easily  procured  more  than  a  month  before  the  battle 
of  Manassas ;  by  refusing,  as  early  as  the  13th  of  June,  to  assent  to 
General  Beauregard's  urgent  request  that  authority  should  be  given 
to  concentrate  our  forces  at  the  proper  moment  at  Manassas  Junc- 
tion ;  by  again  refusing,  on  the  15th  of  July,  to  allow  him  to  execute 
his  bold,  offensive  plans  against  the  enemy,  the  certain  result  of  which 
would  have  been  the  taking  of  Washington— that  the  President  of 
the  Confederacy,  by  thus  persisting  in  these  three  lamentable  errors, 
lost  the  South  her  indepcjidencer 

It  is  hard  to  know  how  to  characterize  this  wild  statement  seriously. 
That  the  Quartermaster  and  Commissary,  as  well  as  all  other  depart- 
ments of  the  Confederate  Government  and  army,  were  new  and  in 
many  respects  inefficient,  was  certainly  the  case ;  but  probably  no 
country  without  any  military  establishment  or  central  government, 
and  peopled  by  citizens  untrained  to  war  for  generations,  ever  acted 
with  greater  energy  than  did  the  South  in  the  three  months  between 
the  opening  of  the  war  and  the  battle  of  Manassas  in  raising  and 
supplying  armies.     The  victory  of  Manassas  is  itself  one  of  the  best 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  263 

proofs  of  this.  General  Beauregard  is  entitled  to  a  large  share  of 
credit  for  this  remarkable  victory,  and  we  think  this  has  been  accorded 
to  him  ;  but  it  must  have  been  under  some  malign  star  that  he  allowed 
his  biographer  to  make  such  claims  as  we  have  quoted. 

There  is  no  better  commentary  to  be  found  upon  the  claim  that 
General  Beauregrrd  was  prevented  from  taking  Washington  and  thus 
perhaps  ending  the  war,  than  in  Beauregard's  own  action  after 
Manassas.  Colonel  Roman's  claim  is  that  if  Johnston  had  been 
ordered  to  join  Beauregard  on  July  15th,  McDowell  would  have  been 
overthrown,  and  next  Patterson,  and  next,  perhaps,  McClellan,  and 
that  then  Washington  might  have  fallen  before  the  Confederates  ad- 
vancing on  both  sides  of  the  Potomac.  Well,  Johnston  was  ordered 
to  join  Beauregard  with  his  whole  force  on  July  17,  and  eluding  Pat- 
terson with  great  skill  he  reached  Manassas  in  time  to  secure  a  vic- 
tory over  McDowell,  a  victory  one  of  the  most  thorough  and  complete 
upon  record.  This  was  in  accordance  with  General  Beauregard's 
programme.  What  then  became  of  the  rest  of  that  plan?  We  do 
not  hear  that  Beauregard  urged  the  return  of  Johnston  to  demolish 
Patterson  and  McClellan,  and  Colonel  Roman  informs  us  distinctly 
that  Beauregard  opposed  any  advance  on  Washington  at  the  time 
and  declared  it  impracticable.  Now,  no  one  can  show  that  General 
Beauregard  could  have  reasonably  expected  more  favorable  condi- 
tions, had  Johnston  joined  him  two  days  earlier,  than  were  actually 
at  the  command  of  the  Confederate  leaders  after  their  victory.  Yet 
he  saw  then  that  it  was  impossible  to  carry  out  the  scheme  he  had 
proposed.  It  would  be  perhaps  unkind  and  unfair  to  Beauregard  to 
say  he  ought  to  have  seen  this  before  the  proposition  was  made,  but 
surely,  to  speak  of  Colonel  Roman's  course  as  unkind  and  unfair,  in 
bitterly  denouncing  Beauregard's  superiors  twenty  years  after  the 
above  facts  became  known,  is  to  characterize  that  course  but  mildly. 

Our  author  continues  in  the  same  strain  in  regard  to  Beauregard's 
position  on  the  field  of  Manassas,  about  which  there  is  no  proper 
room  to  doubt.  He  was  second  in  command  under  Johnston,  who 
adopted  his  plans  until  McDowell's  advance  checkmated  them,  when 
each  in  his  sphere  did  his  best  to  secure  success — Beauregard  as  com- 
mander of  the  troops  engaged,  and  Johnston  as  commander-in-chief. 
After  the  battle  Johnston  was  strongly  opposed  to  advancing,  and  so, 
too,  was  Beauregard  for  a  time.  But  Colonel  Roman,  through  many 
pages,  labors  to  prove  that  Johnston  had  nothing  to  do  with  the  battle 
of  Manassas  except  to  act  as  a  dead  weight  upon  Beauregard. 

A  similar  tone  pervades  the  whole  book.     When  General  Beaure- 


264  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

gard  is  sent  to  the  West,  he  finds  everything  wrong  in  General  A.  S. 
Johnston's  department-  The  Hne  of  defence  has  been  badly  chosen, 
the  works  to  strengthen  it  have  been  laid  out  without  judgment,  the 
vital  importance  of  the  defence  of  the  Cumberland  and  Tennessee 
rivers  has  not  been  foreseen  or  properly  provided  for.  General 
Beauregard  promptly  proposes  a  plan  of  operations  to  counteract 
these  blunders.  It  is  not  adopted,  and  hence  follow,  in  his  opinion, 
the  fall  of  Donelson  and  the  subsequent  disasters  of  the  Confederates. 
Again,  it  is  General  Beauregard  who,  in  spite  of  the  indifference  or 
opposition  of  his  Government,  and  without  the  aid  of  his  command- 
ing officer,  collects  and  organizes  an  army  at  Corinth,  urges  and 
finally  induces  General  Johnston  to  unite  his  forces  with  it,  and  plans 
and  does  everything  about  the  battle  of  Shiloh— except  to  fight  it. 
General  Beauregard  is  made  to  stand  out  as  a  solitary  rock  in  a  sea 
of  incompetency  and  petty  jealousy.  Yet  when  the  chief  command 
devolved  upon  Beauregard,  by  the  death  of  Johnston,  he  no  doubt 
realized  more  fully  how  much  easier  it  was  to  criticize  the  shortcom- 
ings of  others  than  to  master  the  tremendous  difficulties  which  beset 
the  Confederate  Government  and  its  Generals  in  the  field.  A  great 
victory  was  just  within  the  grasp  of  the  Confederates.  It  was  allowed 
to  slip  away  from  them.  Next  day  the  tables  were  turned,  and  Beau- 
regard was  forced  to  retire  to  Corinth.  Weeks  followed,  during 
which  not  a  single  stroke  by  the  Confederates  checked  the  onward 
progress  of  the  Federal  arms  in  the  West.  Beauregard's  strategy 
consisted  in  waiting  at  Corinth  until  the  advance  of  the  Federal  army 
made  a  retreat  necessary.     He  then  fell  back  to  Tupelo. 

Again  we  find  it  impossible  to  sympathize  with  the  violent  attacks 
made  upon  the  Confederate  administration  in  connection  with  the 
controversies  in  which  General  Beauregard's  ideas  of  official  pro- 
priety sometimes  involved  him.  Most  remarkable,  however,  is  the 
complaint  made  about  his  removal  from  command  after  his  retreat 
from  Corinth.  The  Confederate  army  had  just  fallen  back  before 
overwhelming  forces,  the  Mississippi  seemed  about  to  fall  into  Fed- 
eral hands.  It  was  the  first  of  June,  when  the  Union  armies  might 
be  expected  to  push  their  advantage  with  increasing  vigor.  At  this 
juncture,  without  conference,  and  without  any  notice  beyond  a  tele- 
graphic dispatch  to  his  Government,  General  Beauregard  proposed 
to  leave  his  army,  on  a  surgeon's  certificate,  to  seek  rest  and  re- 
cuperation at  a  distant  watering-place.  General  Bragg,  the  next 
officer  in  rank,  had  been  ordered  elsewhere  by  his  Government,  but 
.  General  Beauregard  retained  him,  turned  over  the  command  to  him, 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  265 

and  actually  left  his  post  for  the  purpose  indicated.  The  Richmond 
authorities  promptly  relieved  Beauregard  and  placed  Bragg  perma- 
nently in  command.  It  is  hard  to  see  how  so  intelligent  a  soldier  as 
Colonel  Roman  can  complain  of  this,  but  he  does.  General  Beaure- 
gard's sickness  was  not  sudden  or  unforseen.  It  was  a  trouble  he 
had  been  suffering  from  for  months.  Either  he  was  fit  to  command 
his  army  or  he  was  not.  If  not,  no  injustice  was  done.  But  in 
either  case,  the  Richmond  authorities  should  have  been  informed, 
and  the  step  of  turning  over  the  command  to  the  next  in  rank  not 
entered  upon  without  conference  with  and  approval  by  them.  It 
will  be  hard  to  convince  anyone  that  at  the  first  of  June,  and  in  the 
circumstances  that  then  surrounded  the  western  army.  General 
Beauregard  was  justified  on  the  plea  of  ill-health  and  that  his  pres- 
ence was  not  important,  in  leaving  his  post  for  a  contemplated 
absence  of  some  weeks  without  waiting  to  learn  the  views  of  his  Gov- 
ernment. 

Colonel  Roman's  book  is  so  filled  with  indiscriminate  praise  of 
General  Beauregard,  and  indiscriminate  blame  of  nearly  everybody 
else,  that  we  are  apt  to  lose  sight  of  General  Beauregard's  really 
brilliant  achievements.  It  is  far  more  pleasant  to  contemplate  these 
than  to  read  Colonel  Roman's  incessant  criticisms  of  distinguished 
Confederates,  whose  sacrifices  for  the  land  of  their  birth  were  not 
less  costly,  whose  conduct  was  not  less  unselfish,  whose  patriotism 
was  as  devoted,  whose  aims  were  as  high,  whose  courage  was  as 
marked  as  General  Beauregard's,  and  whose  ability  and  skill  were 
certainly  not  inferior  to  those  of  the  distinguished  Louisianian. 

General  Beauregard  was  assigned  to  the  command  of  South  Caro- 
lina and  Georgia  in  September,  1862,  his  most  important  duty  being 
the  defence  of  Charleston.  Here  General  Beauregard  had  a  field 
eminently  adapted  to  his  talents.  A  most  skillful  and  accomplished 
engineer,  he  not  only  displayed  ability  of  the  highest  order  in  this 
memorable  defence,  but  exhibited  astonishing  fertility  of  resource 
and  tenacity  of  purpose.  At  the  end  of  January,  1863,  the  Con- 
federate gunboats  made  such  a  descent  upon  the  blockading 
squadron  as  to  cripple  it  and  drive  it  off  for  the  time.  Early 
in  April  the  Federal  fleet,  under  Dupont,  made  the  first  grand 
attack  upon  Fort  Sumter,  but  was  beaten  off  with  terrible  loss. 
Again  in  July  a  most  formidable  armament,  equipped  with  the  best 
means  at  the  command  of  the  Federal  Government,  and  under  one 
of  the  best  engineers  in  the  old  army.  General  Gillmore,  began  a 
most  determined  and  protracted  attack  upon  the  defences  of  Charles- 


266  Southern  Historical  Society  Paper's. 

ton.  With  comparatively  slender  means  Beauregard  completely- 
baffled  and  kept  at  bay  the  prodigious  armament  with  which  the 
Federal  Government  sought  to  reduce  the  "cradle  of  secession." 
For  nearly  six  months  his  works  sustained  a  fire  which  has  rarely, 
if  ever,  been  excelled  in  persistence  and  weight  of  metal.  When 
Fort  Sumter  had  become  simply  a  heap  of  rubbish  he  continued  to 
hold  it  and  to  defeat  every  attempt  on  the  part  of  his  assailants  to 
capture  it.  At  the  end  of  the  year  the  Federals  gave  up  in  despair, 
and  the  Confederate  flag  continued  to  float  over  Fort  Sumter  until 
Sherman's  march  northwards  from  Savannah,  in  the  early  part  of 
1865,  compelled  the  evacuation  of  the  city.  There  is  probably  in 
modern  warfare  no  more  splendid  instance  of  a  skilful  and  deter- 
mined defence  than  that  of  Charleston,  and  it  will  ever  remain  a 
noble  testimony  to  the  ability  of  Beauregard. 

In  the  Spring  of  1864,  General  Beauregard  was  called  from 
Charleston,  with  a  large  part  of  his  forces,  to  Richmond  and  Peters- 
burg, to  take  part  in  the  defence  of  the  Confederate  Capital.  Here, 
General  Beauregard's  achievements  were  such  as  to  add  deservedly 
to  his  reputation.  He  saved  the  Southern  approaches  to  Richmond 
and,  perhaps,  that  city  itself,  by  defeating  and  "bottling  up"  Butlei" 
at  Bermuda  Hundred.  But  his  greatest  feat  in  this  campaign  was 
his  defence  of  Petersburg  on  June  the  15th,  i6th,  and  17th.  Gen- 
eral Grant  managed  his  crossing  of  the  James  so  well  as  to  deceive 
General  Lee  for  some  days  and  to  keep  him  in  ignorance  of  his  real 
design.  In  this  way  Grant  succeeded  in  throwing  a  large  part  of 
the  Federal  army  against  Petersburg,  before  General  Lee  reached 
there  with  the  advance  of  his  army  on  June  18.  Beauregard  mean- 
time held  the  defences  of  Petersburg,  and  made  a  brilliant  and  tena- 
cious struggle  for  them.  He  managed  his  small  force  with  such  skill 
and  courage  as  to  keep  back  the  half  of  the  Federal  army,  and 
though  forced  from  his  advanced  positions  he  saved  the  city,  and 
placed  his  troops  on  the  lines  which  the  Army  of  Northern  Vir- 
ginia was  to  defend  with  such  wonderful  pluck  for  more  than  nine 
months  thereafter. 

We  have  not  space  to  follow  General  Beauregard's  career  in  the 
West  in  connection  with  Hood's  disastrous  campaign,  or  his  opera- 
tions in  Sherman's  front  in  the  spring  of  1865,  until  General  J.  E. 
Johnston  was  placed  in  command.  There  was  nothing  done  on 
either  of  these  fields,  however,  that  could  add  to  the  reputation 
which  General  Beauregard  won  at  Charleston  and  Petersburg. 


ft 


Letter  from  General  Lee.  267 


Letter  from  General  Lee  to  President  Davis. 

Headquarters  Army  of  Northern  Virginia, 

July  29,  1S63. 
His  Excellency  Jefferson  Davis, 

Prcsideyit  of  the  Confederate  States  : 


Mr.  President, — Your  letter  of  the  21st  instant  has  been  received, 
and  I  am  much  oblig-ed  to  you  for  the  suggestions  it  contains.  As 
soon  as  I  receive  an  official  account  of  the  casualties  in  the  army  it 
will  be  forwarded.  The  list  of  our  wounded  and  missing  I  know 
will  be  large.  Many  of  the  first  could  not  be  moved  and  had  to  be 
left  behind.  The  latter  will  be  swelled  by  the  stragglers,  who  com- 
menced, on  crossing  the  Potomac,  to  stray  from  the  line  of  march, 
and  were  intercepted  by  the  enemy's  cavalry  and  armed  citizens, 
notwithstanding  every  effort  which  was  made  to  prevent  it.  Our 
people  are  so  little  liable  to  control  that  it  is  difficult  to  get  them  to 
follow  any  course  not  in  accordance  with  their  inclinations  The 
day  after  the  last  battle  at  Gettysburg,  on  sending  back  the  train 
with  the  wounded  it  was  reported  that  about  5,000  well  men  started 
back  at  night  to  overtake  it.  I  fear  most  of  these  were  captured  by 
the  enemy's  cavalry  and  armed  citizens  who  beset  their  route.  These 
added  to  other  stragglers,  men  captured  in  battle,  and  those  of  the 
wounded  unfit  to  be  transported,  will  swell  our  list  of  missing,  and 
as  far  as  I  can  judge  the  killed,  wounded  and  missing  from  the  time 
we  left  the  Rappahannock  until  our  return  will  not  fall  short  of 
20,000.  This  comprises,  however,  the  slightly  wounded  and  those 
who  straggled  from  the  ranks,  who  are  now  rejoining  us.  After  re- 
crossing  the  Potomac  I  commenced  to  consolidate  the  troops,  con- 
sidering the  cases  individually,  and  united  Archer's  and  Heth's 
(Field's)  former  brigade  under  General  H.  H.  Walker,  and  Pender's 
and  Heth's  divisions  under  General  Heth  The  accession  of  conva- 
lescents and  stragglers  is  enlarging  these  divisions  so  much  that  1 
shall  have  to  separate  them  again. 

As  regards  General  Davis's  brigade,  I  think  it  will  be  better  to 
attach  the  three  Mississippi  regiments  to  Posey's  brigade,  in  Ander- 
son's division,  where  I  hope  they  will  soon  be  increased  in  numbers. 
The  North  Carolina  regiment  of  this  brigade  I  suggest  be  attached 
to  Pettigrew's  old  brigade. 

The  only  objection  to  this  plan  is  that  it  breaks  up  General  Davis's 
command;  but  if  his  indisposition  will  detain  him  long  from  the  field, 


268  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

it  will  be  best  to  do  it,  for  the  present  at  least.  Although  our  loss 
has  been  so  heavy,  which  is  a  source  of  constant  grief  to  me,  I 
believe  the  damage  to  the  enemy  has  been  as  great  in  proportion. 
This  is  shown  by  the  feeble  operations  since.  Their  army  is  now 
massed  in  the  vicinity  of  Warrenton,  along  the  Orange  and  Alexan- 
dria railroad,  collecting  reenforcements.  Unfortunately,  their  means 
are  greater  than  ours,  and  I  fear  when  they  move  again  they  will 
much  outnumber  us.  Their  future  plans  I  cannot  discover,  and 
think  it  doubtful,  with  their  experience  of  last  year,  whether  they  will 
assume  the  Fredericksburg  line  again  or  not,  though  it  is  very  prob- 
able. Should  they  do  so,  I  doubt  the  policy  of  our  resuming  our 
former  position  in  rear  of  Fredericksburg,  as  any  battle  fought  there, 
except  to  resist  a  front  attack,  would  be  on  disadvantageous  terms, 
and  I  therefore  think  it  better  to  take  a  position  farther  back.  I 
should  like  your  views  upon  this  point.  The  enemy  now  seems  to 
be  content  to  remain  quiescent,  prepared  to  oppose  any  offensive 
movement  on  our  part.  General  Meade's  headquarters  are  at  War- 
renton. I  learn  by  our  scouts  that  the  seven  corps  are  between  that 
point  and  the  Orange  and  Alexandria  railroad.  They  are  all  much 
reduced  in  numbers.  From  the  observation  of  some  corps,  the 
report  of  citizens  and  their  prisoners,  the  reduction  is  general,  and 
the  corps  do  not  exceed  from  6,000  to  8,000  men.  I  have  halted 
Ewell's  corps  on  Robinson's  River,  about  three  miles  in  front  of 
Madison  Courthouse,  where  grazing  is  represented  to  be  very  fine, 
and  in  the  vicinity  of  which  sufficient  flour  can  be  obtained.  We 
have  experienced  no  trouble  from  the  enemy  in  crossing  the  Blue 
Ridge.  Except  the  attempt  at  Manassas  Gap  upon  Ewell,  and  of  a 
cavalry  force  on  the  Gourd  Vine  road  on  A.  P.  Hill,  our  march  has 
been  nearly  unmolested.  Our  cavalry  is  in  our  front  along  the  Rap- 
pahannock. I  am  endeavoring  to  collect  all  the  provisions  I  can  in 
this  part  of  the  country,  which  was  also  done  in  the  Valley.  While 
there,  in  order  to  obtain  sufficient  flour,  we  were  obliged  to  send 
men  and  horses,  thresh  the  wheat,  carry  it  to  the  mills  and  have  it 
ground.  There  is  little  or  no  grain  in  that  vicinity,  and  I  cannot 
learn  of  more  in  Madison  than  sufficient  for  Ewell's  corps. 
Very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

R.  E.   Lee,  Gc7ieral. 


i 


Incidents  of  Prison  Life.  269 


Incidents  of    Prison  Life  at  Camp  Douglas -Experience  of    Corporal   J.   G. 

Blanchard. 

H:  By  Rev.  William  G.  Keadv. 

[The  following  interesting  narrative  is  from  the  pen  of  a  gallant 
soldier  who  lost  an  arm  while  serving  in  the  trenches  at  Vicksburg, 
and  whose  empty  sleeve  tells  as  eloquently  of  his  devotion  to  the 
Confederate  cause  as  his  voice  now  pleads  the  cause  of  the  "  Prince 
of  Peace"]: 

Amongst  the  prisoners  captured  at  Island  No.  lo,  and  sent  to 
Camp  Douglas,  Illinois,  in  April,  1862,  was  Corporal  J.  G.  Blanch- 
ard, of  the  celebrated  Pointe  Coupee  Battery,  of  Louisiana.  Though 
then  barely  seventeen  years  of  age,  he  had  already  been  over  a  year 
in  active  service;  and  the  restless  activity,  untiring  energy,  and  un- 
bounded enthusiasm  characterizing  his  course  from  the  time  of  his 
entry  into  service,  bespoke  unmistakably  of  how  lively  he  would 
make  matters  if  circumscribed  for  an  indefinite  term  within  the 
boundaries  of  a  prison  camp.  When  the  news  of  the  capture  of  his 
native  city  reached  Chicago,  restraint  broke  loose,  and  his  one  ex- 
pressed determination  was  to  escape  from  prison  and  rejoin  the 
Southern  army. 

For  several  days  his  efforts  were  bent  towards  effecting  a  quiet 
escape.  Realizing,  however,  the  impossibility  of  so  doing,  he  de- 
termined on  an  attempt  at  any  hazard,  and  on  a  dark  and  stormy 
night,  early  in  May,  he  scaled  the  lofty  fence  inclosing  the  camp, 
within  a  few  feet  of  the  sentinel,  the  report  of  whose  gun  drew  upon 
him  the  concentrated  fire  of  half  a  dozen  more,  so  incessant  were 
the  lightning  flashes  at  the  time.  Having  reached  the  outside  walk, 
without  a  moment's  hesitation  he  walked  to  the  very  gate  of  the 
prison  camp,  where  all  was  excitement,  and  entered  a  street  car 
which  was  just  starting  for  the  city. 

Whilst  the  Federal  soldiers  were  roaming  for  miles  and  miles 
around  Camp  Douglas  in  seach  of  yoiing  Blanchard,  he  was  enjoy- 
ing the  comforts  of  a  Chicago  hotel,  busying  himself  in  the  mean- 
while in  ascertaining  the  best  method  of  leaving  the  city  and  return- 
ing South.  The  second  day  after  his  escape  he  met  a  former  ac- 
quaintance who  professed  the  deepest  solicitude  for  his  escape,  and 
offered  to  further  the  same  by  every  means  in  his  power. 

The   next  day  he   became  suddenly   convinced  of  his  supposed 


270  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

friend's  treachery,  and  immediately  took  passage  on  a  two-masted 
vessel  bound  for  Buffalo,  N.  Y.  Arrived  at  Detroit,  Mich.,  the  ves- 
sel was  boarded  by  a  military  officer,  who  called  on  the  captain  for 
the  delivery  of  "that  New  Orleans  boy."  The  captain,  ignorant  of 
Blanchard's  antecedents,  and  never  for  a  moment  suspecting  that  he 
was  an  escaped  prisoner,  denied  having  such  a  passenger  aboard, 
and  seemed  paralyzed  when  the  Federal  officer  exclaimed,  "  There 
he  is  !"  pointing  at  the  same  time  to  the  young  man,  who  was  stand- 
ing near  the  wheelman,  in  doubt  whether  to  jump  overboard  and  at- 
tempt to  swim  to  the  Canada  shore.  Under  guard  of  the  Federal 
officer  he  was  taken  to  jail  and  placed  in  a  cell.  The  captain  of  the 
vessel,  at  the  same  time,  was  released  on  his  parole  that  he  would 
appear  at  the  jail  the  following  morning. 

It  happened  that  young  Blanchard  was  the  only  prisoner  in  the 
jail  at  the  time,  and  no  sooner  had  the  Federal  officer  departed  than 
the  jailor,  without  any  cause  or  provocation,  commenced  abusing  and 
vilifying  his  prisoner.  This  unexpected  assault  so  angered  Blanchard 
that  he  challenged  the  jailor  to  open  the  cell  door  and  dare  to  repeat 
his  insults.  The  jailor  then  left,  but  returned  in  a  short  while  ac- 
companied by  another  man,  and  having  opened  the  cell  door,  pistol 
in  hand,  ordered  Blanchard  to  stand  up.  His  hands  were  then  pin- 
ioned behind  his  back  with  handcuffs,  and  he  was  ordered  to  sit 
down,  and  shackles  were  then  riveted  to  his  legs  just  above  the 
ankle.  In  this  condition  he  lay  on  the  bare  bench  of  his  cell  all 
night.  The  following  morning,  on  the  arrival  of  the  Federal  officer 
and  the  captain  of  the  vessel,  the  shackles  were  taken  off,  but  the 
officer  refused  to  take  off  the  handcuffs,  for  the  reason  that  he  had 
received  a  telegram  from  the  commanding  officer  at  Chicago  to  keep 
the  prisoner  handcuffed. 

At  about  ID  o'clock  the  same  day,  under  the  escort  of  a  company 
of  infantry,  Blanchard  was  taken  to  the  United  States  Court  to  give 
testimony  in  regard  to  the  assistance  rendered  to  him  by  the  captain 
of  the  vessel.  It  is  needless  to  say  that  his  testimony  secured  the 
honorable  discharge  of  the  captain,  who,  in  solemn  earnestness,  im- 
plored the  judges  to  have  the  handcuffs  removed  from  the  youth. 
The  court,  however,  disclaimed  jurisdiction  in  the  matter,  and  Blan- 
chard was  brought  back  to  Chicago  in  handcuffs.  Here  he  was  in- 
carcerated in  the  celebrated  White  Oak  dungeon,  in  Camp  Douglas, 
where  he  remained  for  some  forty  days. 

Immediately  after  his  liberation  from  the  dungeon  he  set  to  work 
to  escape  again,  and  on  the  fifth  day  thereafter  he  proposed  to  make 


Incidents  of  Prison  Life.  271 

an  attempt.  The  time  selected  was  i  o'clock  in  the  afternoon,  and 
the  ruse  adopted  was  to  feign  a  fight  between  two  Confederate  pris- 
oners, which,  experience  had  shown,  would  be  sure  to  draw  some  of 
the  guards  away  from  their  beat.  At  such  a  deserted  beat  Blanchard 
successfully  scaled  and  cleared  the  fence,  and  was  about  fleeing  to 
the  lake  shore  when  he  heard  a  heavy  thud  and  a  groan  behind  him. 
Looking  back  he  discovered  a  fellow-prisoner  (not  a  soldier),  by 
name  Carico,  lying  on  the  ground  apparently  unable  to  rise.  When 
Blanchard  took  hold  of  him  to  assist  him  Carico  groaned  again  and 
said  he  was  badly  hurt.  In  a  few  minutes  the  guards  were  again  on 
their  beat,  a  plank  fence  alone  between  them  and  the  two  prisoners. 

Realizing  the  danger  of  attempting  even  to  crawl  away  from  the 
fence,  lest  the  crackling  of  a  dry  twig  should  betray  them  to  the 
guard,  Blanchard  lay  alongside  of  Carico,  waiting  for  night  to  ap- 
proach, when  they  could  take  advantage  of  the  tramp  of  the  relief 
guard  to  deaden  the  sound  of  their  footsteps  as  they  proceeded  to 
the  lake  shore.  But  when  the  relief  came,  at  7  P.  M.,  Carico  was 
unable  to  move,  so  great  was  his  suffering;  and  at  his  earnest  solici- 
tation Blanchard  agreed  to  remain  with  him  until  the  next  relief,  at 
9  o'clock.  At  half- past  8,  however,  they  were  startled  by  the  dis- 
covery of  a  corporal's  guard  approaching  them,  the  corporal  holding 
a  lighted  lantern.  Hoping  that  the  course  of  the  march  of  the  guard 
would  take  them  some  distance  from  the  fence,  Blanchard  and  Carico 
lay  perfectly  quiet;  but  when  about  ten  feet  from  the  spot  where  they 
lay  the  corporal  incidentally  held  his  light  toward  the  fence,  the  glare 
of  which  revealed  the  two  prisoners.  Quickly  the  guns  of  the  guard 
were  levelled  at  them;  but  Blanchard  exclaiming  immediately,  "  Don't 
shoot,  boys — man  badly  hurt  here,"  the  guns  were  brought  back  to 
a  carry,  and  the  corporal  approached  the  prisoners.  Finding  that 
Carico  was  seriously  hurt,  a  litter  was  Sent  for  and  he  was  carried  to 
the  hospital,  whilst  Blanchard  was  once  again  taken  to  the  White 
Oak. 

The  third  day  after  his  reincarceration  three  Federal  deserters  and 
a  renegade  Confederate  of  the  Third  Tennessee  Regiment  were  also 
confined  in  the  White  Oak.  It  was  proposed  by  the  deserters  to 
effect  an  escape  by  tunneling  to  the  outside  of  the  fence,  about  twelve 
feet  distant,  if  a  knife  could  be  procured  ;  which,  being  converted 
into  a  saw,  would  enable  them  to  cut  a  hole  in  the  floor  of  a  dun- 
geon. The  knife  was  procured  through  one  of  Blanchard' s  friends, 
and  in  less  than  six  hours  a  hole,  eighteen  inches  square,  was  cut 
into  the  floor.     The  digging  was  accomplished  with  a  spade  (which 


272  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

was  one  of  the  appurtenances  of  the  dungeon  ^  and  the  tunneUng 
with  pocket-knives,  spoons  and  forks.  One  man  worked  at  a  time, 
by  turns.  When  the  officer  of  the  guard  visited  the  dungeon,  morn- 
ing and  evening,  a  blanket  was  spread  over  the  hole,  the  prisoners 
engaging  in  a  game  of  cards  seated  on  the  edge  of  the  blanket. 

For  three  days  and  nights  they  worked  like  beavers.  Foremost 
in  the  labor  was  Busy  Bill,  the  renegade;  he  did  yeoman's  work. 
On  the  evening  of  the  third  day,  realizing  that  but  a  few  hours'  more 
work  would  enable  them  to  breathe  the  air  of  freedom,  it  was  pro- 
posed to  suspend  work  at  6  o'clock,  and  to  resume  at  9  o'clock, 
which  would  bring  the  hour  of  escape  at  about  the  dead  of  night. 
At  about  8  o'clock,  however,  Busy  Bill  was  apparently  taken  with 
violent  paroxysms,  and  so  intense  seemed  his  suffering,  that  the 
Sergeant  of  the  Guard  was  asked  to  take  him  up  out  of  the  dungeon 
and  do  something  for  him. 

A  few  minutes  after  he  was  taken  up  the  Sergeant  of  the  Guard 
came  down  into  the  dungeon,  and  remarking,  "Boys,  your  game  is 
up — Busy  Bill  gave  it  away,"  walked  up  to  where  the  hole  was  cov- 
ered and  kicked  the  blanket  away.  Busy  Bill  had  actually  betrayed 
his  companions  in  the  hope,  doubtless,  of  some  reward,  which  he 
received  in  the  shape  of  a  merciless  castigation  when  he  was  returned 
to  the  dungeon.  So  badly  was  he  beaten  by  his  fellow-prisoners 
that  he  had  to  be  sent  to  the  hospital. 

A  few  days  afterward  Blanchard  was  taken  from  the  dungeon  and 
ordered  to  clean  the  quarters  of  the  Federal  officers  with  bucket 
and  swab.  This  he  peremptorily  declined  to  do,  notwithstanding 
the  Provost  Marshal  drew  his  pistol  the  second  time  he  gave  the 
order.  He  was  then  marched  to  the  quarters  of  the  commanding 
officer,  who,  after  hearing  the  statement  of  the  Provost  Marshal, 
exclaimed:  "Is  it  'that  New  Orleans  boy?'  Take  him  to  the  Black 
Hole,  and  starve  him  until  he  will  work." 

The  Black  Hole  was  an  iron-clad  cell,  three  feet  by  six.  Thus 
confined,  Blanchard  remained  two  days  and  nights,  without  a  morsel 
to  eat,  being  visited  morning  and  evening  by  the  Provost  Marshal, 
who  would  merely  remark,  "Are  you  going  to  work?"  On  the 
morning  of  the  third  day  Blanchard  was  taken  out  of  the  Black 
Hole  and  marched  to  the  Colonel's  quarters,  and  being  told  that  he 
was  brought  out  at  the  request  of  several  citizens  merely  to  be  given 
a  chance  to  save  his  own  life,  the  question  was  put  to  him  sternly  by 
the  Colonel,  "Will  you  or  will  you  not  work?"  His  answer  was 
simply,  "  Never  !  "     He  was  ordered  to  be  taken  back  to  the  Black 


Incidents  of  Prison  Life.  273 

Hole,  whence  he  expected  to  come  out  again  only  "  as  a  corpse,"  as 
he  had  been  threatened;  but,  to  his  amazement,  he  was  released  a 
few  hours  after  and  returned  to  his  mess. 

The  cartel  for  a  general  exchange  of  prisoners  was  soon  thereafter 
effected,  but  Blanchard  was  destined  for  another  exploit  before  taking 
leave  of  Camp  Douglas.  Through  the  instrumentality  of  some  of 
the  Federal  officers  who  had  taken  quite  a  fancy  to  him,  he  was  em- 
ployed to  do  clerical  work  at  headquarters  regarding  the  exchange  of 
prisoners.  At  this  time,  through  the  kindness  of  sympathizers  in  Chi- 
cago, he  was  enabled  to  dress  in  first-class  citizens'  clothes,  in  which 
garb  he  was  not  recognized  as  "a  rebel"  by  the  mass  of  prisoners. 
It  happened  that  whilst  alone  in  the  office  he  was  accosted  by  a  ragged 
prisoner,  who,  mistaking  Blanchard  for  some  Federal  officer,  stated 
that  he  wanted  to  take  the  oath.  Blanchard  questioned  him  as  to  his 
name,  command,  etc.,  and  finally  asked  him  why  he  had  joined  the 
Confederate  army.  The  soldier  replied  that  he  had  been  forced  into 
the  service.  As  the  regiment  to  which  he  belonged  was  among  the 
first  volunteers,  Blanchard  knew  that  this  statement  was  false,  and, 
springing  from  his  seat  he  sent  the  soldier  sprawling  out  of  the  room 
into  the  hallway,  and  as  the  astounded  prisoner  started  to  rise  he  was 
assisted  by  a  vigorous  kick  which  sent  him  headlong  out  of  the  hall- 
door  into  the  arms  of  a  Federal  officer  who  was  just  entering.  It  is 
needless  to  say  that  for  this  well-merited  chastisement  of  a  renegade 
Blanchard  once  more  visited  the  White  Oak,  whence  he  emerged 
only  to  be  sent  South. 

The  writer  had  no  personal  knowledge  of  Blanchard' s  military 
career  after  the  exchange,  as  the  latter  received  a  commission  in  the 
Provisional  army  on  his  arrival  at  Vicksburg,  and  was  ordered  to  the 
army  of  Tennessee.  In  1864,  however,  we  heard  of  him  as  Inspec- 
tor-General on  the  staff  of  Major-General  Cheatham,  during  the 
Georgia  campaign,  being  severely  wounded  at  Kennesaw  Mountain. 
He  was  undoubtedly  the  youngest  officer  holding  so  high  a  position 
in  the  Confederate  army.  After  Hood's  defeat  at  Nashville  he  was 
ordered  on  detached  service  on  the  Mississippi  river,  where  the  writer 
met  him  once  more,  and  remained  with  his  command  until  his  sur- 
render at  Jackson,  Miss.,  in  May,  1865.  He  is  now  living  in  New- 
Orleans,  as  retired  and  quiet  in  civil  life  as  he  was  dashing  and  en- 
thusiastic in  war. 

W.  G.  K. 


274  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Operations  from  the  6th  to  the    nth  of  May,  1864 — Report  of  General  B.  R. 

Johnson. 

Headquarters  Johnson's  Brigade, 

Drewry's  Bluff,  May  31,  1864. 

Captai7i  T.  O.  Chestney,  A-  A.  G  : 

Sir, — I  submit  the  following  report  of  the  operations  of  the  troops 
under  my  command  on  the  southside  of  James  river  from  the  6th  to 
the  nth  May,  1864,  inclusive  : 

At  3  A.  M.  on  the  6th  instant  I  arrived  at  Drewry's  Bluff  from 
Chaffin's  farm  with  my  brigade,  numbering  in  the  aggregate  1,168 
officers  and  men  present,  and  occupied  Fort  Stevens.  About  5  A. 
M.  a  part  of  the  Twenty-first  South  Carolina  regiment  of  Hagood's 
brigade  under  Lieutenant-Colonel  Dargan,  arrived,  and  was  placed 
in  position.  While  making  a  personal  examination  of  the  adjacent 
country  a  dispatch  from  Major-General  Ransom,  commanding  de- 
partment, was  received  by  my  Assistant  Adjutant- General,  ordering 
Hagood's  brigade  to  proceed  immediately  to  Port  Walthall  junction, 
by  rail,  if  there  was  a  train  to  carry  it.  There  being  no  train  at  the 
station,  some  three  or  four  dispatches  were  exchanged  in  my  ab- 
sence by  my  Assistant  Adjutant-General ;  during  which  correspond- 
ence the  detachment  of  the  Twenty-first  South  Carolina  regiment 
marched  for  Port  Walthall  junction. 

About  II  A.  M.  the  following  dispatch  was  handed  to  me  in  per- 
son : 

Richmond,  May  6,  1864. 

Brigadier-  General  B.  R.  Johnson  : 

I  am  astonished  Hagood's  brigade  is  not  now  at  Port  Walthall 
junction.  March  it,  and  if  necessary  to  stop  the  enemy,  your  own, 
too,  as  quickly  as  possible  to  that  point.  The  railroad  must  not  fall 
into  the  enemy's  hands.  Rapidity  is  necessary.  Act  at  once.  If 
the  enemy  be  at  Port  Walthall  dislodge  him. 

[Signed]  R.  Ransom,  Major- General. 

This  was  the  first  intimation  I  had  that  the  enemy  was  threatening 
the  railroad.  I  immediately  put  my  brigade  in  motion,  and  had  ad- 
vanced to  within  about  two  miles  of  the  junction  when  I  received  the 


Report  of  General  B.  R.  Johnson.  275 

following  dispatch  from  Major  F.  A.  Smith,  commanding  at  Drewry's 
Bluff: 

General, — Our  scouts  report  the  enemy  at  Ware  Bottom  church, 
six  miles  hence.  I  have  already  sent  couriers  to  you  with  this  in- 
telligence. Had  you  not  best  return,  as  the  Yankees  have  burnt 
houses  on  the  river  and  the  fleet  is  advancing  ? 

[Signed]  F.  A.  Smith,  Major  Commanding, 

As  everything  was  quiet  in  the  direction  of  Port  Walthall  junc- 
tion, I  halted  my  command,  sent  a  staff  officer  to  communicate 
with  Lieut'enant-Colonel  Dargan,  now  at  the  junction,  and  en- 
deavored to  obtain  further  information  of  the  movements  of  the 
enemy. 

About  5  P.  M.  I  heard  firing  at  Walthall  junction,  and  immedi- 
ately put  my  brigade  in  motion  for  that  place.  On  reaching  the 
junction  I  learned  that  Colonel  R.  F.  Graham  had  arrived  at  that 
place  from  Petersburg  at  about  4>^  P.  M.  with  the  remaining  com- 
panies of  the  Twenty-first  and  three  companies  of  the  Twenty-fifth 
South  Carolina  regiments,  and  with  this  command  of  about  600  men 
that  he  had  encountered  a  brigade  or  more  of  the  enemy  with  two 
pieces  of  artillery,  and  drove  them  gallantly  from  the  field.  Their 
skirmishers  at  dark  were  still  on  the  skirt  of  the  woods  southeast  of 
the  junction.  The  report  of  Colonel  R.  F.  Graham  is  forwarded 
herewith.  I  immediately  occupied  the  railroad  excavation  just  south- 
west of  the  junction  with  my  brigade,  placing  skirmishers  in  front. 
Colonel  Graham's  command  occupying  a  position  on  my  left  and 
front.  During  the  night  the  remainder  of  the  Twenty-fifth  and 
Twenty- seventh  South  Carolina  regiments,  with  their  brigade  com- 
mander (Brigadier-General  Hagood),  arrived.  Major-General  D. 
H.  Hill,  of  General  Beauregard's  staff,  reached  the  junction  in  the 
morning,  and  by  his  skill,  counsel,  and  active  supervision  through- 
out the  period  of  those  operations,  contributed  in  an  eminent  degree 
to  the  success  attained. 

At  daylight  on  the  7th  instant  it  was  ascertained  that  the  enemy 
had  entirely  retired  from  our  immediate  front.  Through  scouts  we 
learned  that  their  forces  were  in  the  vicinity  of  Ware  Bottom  Church 
and  at  Cobb's  farm.  For  the  most  reliable  information  I  was  in- 
debted to  Roger  A.  Pryor;  who  was  active,  tireless  and  daring  in 
reconnoissance.  At  about  10  o'clock  it  was  resolved  to  advance  to- 
wards the  church,  with  a  view  to  feel  the  strength  and  position  of  tiie 


ft 


"276  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

■enemy.  General  Hagood  was  ordered  to  move  in  front,  with  John- 
son's brigade  in  support.  The  head  of  the  column  had  not  advanced 
more  than  a  mile,  when  General  Hill,  who  had  gone  to  the  front  to 
make  a  personal  examination,  returned  and  reported  the  enemy's 
cavalry  advancing  immediately  upon  us,  at  about  300  yards'  dis- 
tance from  our  column.  General  Hagood  was  directed  to  bring  his 
leading  regiment  into  line  and  advance  its  skirmishers.  Subse- 
quently another  regiment  was  advanced  and  formed  on  a  line  with 
the  first.  These  regiments  were  for  nearly  an  hour  engaged  in  a 
sharp  skirmish  with  the  enemy. 

The  movements  of  the  enemy's  infantry  seeming  to  indicate  a  pur- 
pose to  flank  these  regiments  on  their  left,  they  were  retfred  to  our 
line  of  battle  on  the  railroad. 

In  the  meantime  the  enemy  had  shown  in  considerable  force  in 
two  lines — four  regiments  of  infantry  and  a  battery  of  artillery — in 
front  of  our  right,  near  the  house  of  Mrs.  Dunn.  Skirmishers  from 
Colonel  Graham's  regiment  were  advanced  to  attract  the  attention 
of  this  force,  and  a  section  of  Hankins's  battery,  supported  by  two 
regiments  of  Johnson's  brigade,  was  advanced  under  cover  of  the 
woods  on  the  right  of  Port  Walthall  railroad  to  fire  on  the  enemy's 
infantry.  A  few  rounds  from  the  artillery  drove  the  infantry  under 
cover  of  adjacent  grounds.  The  fire  of  the  artillery  appearing  no 
longer  eflective,  and  the  movement  of  the  enemy  indicating  a  pur- 
pose to  make  a  general  attack,  I  thought  it  best  to  procure  a  com- 
pact line;  consequently  our  artillery  and  infantry  were  withdrawn  to 
the  line  of  the  railroad.  The  enemy  soon  appeared  in  two  lines  on 
the  open  grounds  and  skirting  the  woods  on  the  high  grounds  east 
of  the  junction  and  of  Ashton  Creek,  fronting  Hagood' s  brigade, 
stationed  on  my  left.  At  the  same  time  they  also  reappeared  in  their 
original  force  in  the  Vicinity  of  Mrs.  Dunn's  house,  threatening  John- 
son's brigade,  on  my  right.  Aided  by  General  Hill,  I  placed  two 
pieces  of  artillery  on  the  left  of  Craig  House  to  open  on  the  enemy  in 
the  vicinity  of  Mrs.  Dunn's,  and  four  pieces  behind  the  railroad,  or 
west  of  it,  near  the  water-tank,  to  play  upon  the  enemy's  infantry 
east  of  Ashton  Creek.  Subsequently  one  of  these  latter  pieces  was 
removed  to  a  piece  of  high  ground  further  north,  on  the  south  side 
of  the  railroad,  affording  a  more  direct  fire  on  the  enemy.  Two 
other  guns  which  came  to  the  junction  were  manned  with  unin- 
structed  convalescents  and  men  on, furlough  picked  up  in  Peters- 
burg, who  deserted  their  pieces  before  they  fired  a  shot.  These  I 
caused  to  be  manned  by  men  from  the  Tennessee  brigade  and  placed 


Report  of  General  B.  R.  Johnson.  27Y 

on  the  hill  on  the  turnpike  west  of  the  railroad.  The  forces  in  front 
of  Johnson's  brigade  contented  themselves  with  threatening  our 
right  and  firing  artillery  at  the  batteries  and  infantry  in  vicinity 
of  Craig's  house.  Those  on  the  east  of  Ashton  Creek  opened 
about  2  P.  M.  with  artillery  and  infantry  fire,  to  which  we  replied 
very  successfully,  so  that  they  for  a  time  seemed  about  to  withdraw, 
and  the  firing  ceased. 

General  Hagood  was  instructed  to  cover  the  turnpike  with  his  left 
regiment.  After  some  delay  this  was  accomplished  by  the  foresight 
and  interposition  of  General  Hill,  just  in  time  to  meet  the  second  line 
of  the  enemy,  which  had  been  moved  under  cover  of  the  woods  by 
the  right  flank,  and  now  appeared  bearing  down  on  and  flanking 
Hagood's  left.  General  Hagood  now  changed  the  front  of  his  left 
regiment  so  as  to  meet  the  enemy  on  his  left.  In  this  movement  this 
regiment  was  exposed  to  a  heavy  cross  fire.  At  this  juncture  occur- 
red the  sharpest  and  most  critical  part  of  the  conflict. 

The  two  pieces  of  artillery  stationed  in  the  pike,  on  the  west  of  the 
railroad,  was.  at  call  of  General  Hagood,  sent  to  the  left ;  and  the 
second  regiment  from  the  left  was  drawn  out  to  support  the  left  regi- 
ment, the  regiment  on  the  right  closing  in  to  fill  the  interval.  Gen- 
eral Hagood's  left  now  advanced,  drove  the  enemy  back  with  heavy 
loss,  and  regained  the  railroad  to  the  left  of  his  former  position.  The 
enemy  again  advanced  on  Hagood's  front,  his  brigade  being  under 
cover  of  the  railroad,  and  were  driven  back  with  heavy  loss.  During 
both  conflicts  the  artillery  on  the  left  of  Craig's  House  played  hand- 
somely upon  the  enemy's  line  which  had  advanced  on  the  east  side 
of  Ashton  Creek  and  attacked  Hagood's  front.  The  pieces  nearest 
Craig's  House  had  several  horses  killed  and  one  of  the  carriages  dam- 
aged. The  artillery  sent  to  the  left  was  badly  served,  and  gave  but 
litde  assistance.  Lieutenant-Colonel  Estleman  brought  up  in  the 
evening  a  battery  of  the  Washington  artillery,  which  was  sent  to  the 
support  of  Hagood's  brigade,  but  it  was  then  too  late  to  afibrd  any 
assistance.  The  infantry  ceased  firing,  save  a  few  sharp-shooters, 
about  4  o'clock  P.  M.  The  artillery  continued  fire  until  about  6 
o'clock,  when  the  enemy  retired  from  the  field.  The  enemy's  loss 
is  supposed  to  be  about  i,ooo  men.  Prisoners  have  estimated  it  much 
higher.  The  Provost  Marshal  of  Johnson's  brigade  reports  twenty-one 
prisoners  captured.  I  distinguished  four  brigades  of  Federals  in  the 
field.  Their  forces  are  reported  to  have  consisted  ot  five  brigades, 
commanded  by  Brigadier- General  W.  T.  H.  Brooks.     Our  aggregate 


2*lS  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

was  2,668,  of  which    1,500  were  of  Hagood's  brigade  and  1,168  of 
Johnson's  brigade. 

The  conflict  was  maintained  on  our  side  entirely  by  Hagood's  bri- 
gade and  the  artillery.  My  right  flank — ^Johnson's  brigade, — after 
making  the  demonstration  as  staled  on  the  enemy's  left,  had  only  to 
watch  the  threatening  columns  of  some  two  brigades  in  its  front. 
Seven  men  of  that  brigade  were  wounded,  one  mortally,  while 
Hagood's  brigade  lost  177,  viz  :  22  killed,  142  wounded,  and  13  miss- 
ing. Brigadier-General  Hagood  handled  his  men  with  marked  abil- 
ity, coolness,  courage  and  watchful  care.  His  report,  herewith  en- 
closed, will  furnish  more  particular  details  in  regard  to  the  meritorious 
services  of  officers  and  men.  The  steady  valor  of  his  command  was 
worthy  of  its  State  and  the  great  cause  for  which  it  is  fighting. 

After  dark  another  regiment  and  a  battalion  of  Hagood's  brigade 
arrived,  giving  us  an  aggregate  of  about  3,500.  It  was  evident  that 
the  enemy's  force  was  much  superior  to  our  own,  and  no  doubt  was 
entertained  in  regard  to  their  receiving  new  accessions. 

During  the  evening  I  received  the  following  communication : 

Headquarters,  Department  North  Carolina, 

Petersburg,  Va.,  May  7th,  1864, 

5  o'clock  P.  M. 

General. — If  you  cannot  hold  your  present  position  you  had  bet- 
ter come  back  to  Swift  Creek. 

The  enemy  are  advancing  on  this  side  of  the  river ;  have  sent  you 
every  man  that  has  arrived.  For  safety  I  must  stop  the  next  detach- 
ment here.     Even  should  they  come  on,  which  is  problematical. 

Very  respectfully, 
[Signed]  G.  G.  Pickett,  Major- General. 

General  B.  Jolmson,  Commanding  Port  Walthall  Junctio 71. 

Headquarters  Department  North  Carolina, 

Petersburg,  May  7th,  7  P.  M. 

General. — If  you  cannot  hold  your  present  position,  you  must 
fall  back  to  the  line  of  the  Swift  Creek.  Send  one  regiment  to  rein- 
force Clingman  at  once.  We  are  compelled  to  protect  our  right 
flank.  Make  your  dispositions  at  once  I  will  continue  to  send  on 
whatever  troops  which  may  arrive,  although  I  cannot  learn  at  what 
time  the  next  detachment  may  come  on. 


Report  of  General  B.  R.  Johnson.  279 

Please  make  a  report  to  me  Let  me  know  exactly  what  you  are 
doing.     I  am,  General, 

Very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 
[Signed]  G.  G.  Pickett,  Major  General. 

Brigadier- General  Bushrod  Johnsoyi,  Commanding,  &c. 

Headquarters  Department  North  Carolina, 

Petersburg,  Va.,  Saturday,  1864. 

General. — I  have  sent  you  two  dispatches  this  evening,  and  have  ^ 
received  no  reply.  I  have  received  no  re-enforcements  except  what 
you  have  now  with  you.  You  will  fall  back,  therefore,  to  Swift  Creek, 
bringing  off  your  artillery  which  has  been  disabled  first.  Place  one 
regiment  and  a  battery  in  position  on  the  crossing  of  the  road  from 
Chesterfield  Courthouse  to  this  point.  Leave  a  line  of  pickets  to 
withdraw  at  daylight.  Intrenching  tools  will  be  sent  you  at  Swift 
Creek. 

I  am,  very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

[Signed]  G.  G.  Pickett,  Major- General. 

This  was  received  by  me  about  10  P.  M.  on  the  7th  of  May,  1864. 

Between  10  and  11  P.  M.  the  artillery  was  put  in  motion.  At  12 
P.  M.  the  infantry  moved,  and  by  3  A.  M.  on  the  morning  of  the  8th 
of  May  our  forces  had  crossed  to  the  south  bank  of  Swift  Creek.  Dur- 
ing the  day  and  night  of  the  8th  I  sent  out  several  parties  to  the  junc- 
tion to  collect  property,  arms  and  accoutrements.  The  field  of  battle 
was  occupied  by  our  troops  until  about  10  A.  M.  on  Monday,  the 
gth  inst.,  when  the  enemy  advanced  upon  our  position  at  Swift  Creek. 
In  this  advance  they  passed  to  the  north  of  the  junction.  From  re- 
ports of  cavalry  and  from  the  observations  of  Major-General  Hill, who 
returned  from  the  junction  about  10  A.  M.,  the  enemy  must  have 
come  into  the  turnpike,  south  of  Timsberry  (?)  Creek.  From  subse- 
quent information  it  appears  that  a  portion  of  their  forces  went  as  far 
north  as  Chester.  During  the  8th  and  the  morning  of  the  9th  our  troops 
were  engaged  in  constructing  a  good  line  of  rifle  pits  with  batteries 
under  the  supervision  of  Col.  Harris.  Hagood's  brigade  was  posted 
on  the  left,  covering  the  turnpike  bridge,  and  extending  well  out  on 
either  side.  A  detachment  from  this  brigade  and  a  section  of  artil- 
lery occupied  Brander's  bridge  on  the  extreme  left.  McKathen's 
Fifty-first  North  Carolina  regiment  covered  the  railroad  bridge,  and 
Tilman's   brigade  was  posted  on  the  right,  covering  Level  Ford  and 


280  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

adjacent  grounds.  Some  eighteen  pieces  of  artillery,  consisting  of 
Hankin's,  Payne's,  Owen's  and  Martin's  batteries,  were  distributed 
along  our  lines  mainly  at  the  fords  and  bridges. 

From  the  Forty-fourth  Tennessee  regiment,  Johnson's  brigade, 
twenty-two  men  and  three  sergeants,  under  Lieutenant  F.  M.  Kelso, 
were  detached  to  man  the  heavy  artillery  in  Fort  Clifton,  where 
Captain  S.  J.  Martin  commanded. 

At  9  o'clock  A.  M.  on  the  9th  of  May,  a  small  boat  appeared  in  the 
Appomattox  below  Fort  Clifton,  which  was  fired  on  and  driven  off. 
At  about  II  A.  M.  five  gun  boats  advanced  and  engaged  the  battery 
at  Fort  Clifton.  The  firing  was  continued  from  the  first  until  after  2 
o'clock,  P.  M.,  when  four  gun  boats  retired  and  the  fifth  was  found 
to  be  crippled.  A  party  was  organized  to  board  the  boat,  but  the 
enemy  set  fire  to  it,  abandoned  and  burned  it. 

For  their  services  and  gallant  conduct  at  Fort  Clifton,  in  the  fight 
with  the  gun  boats  on  the  9th  of  May,  the  officers  and  men  have 
received  the  special  commendation  of  the  General  commanding  the 
department. 

By  1 2th  May  the  enemy  were  in  strong  force  on  the  north  side  of 
Swift  Creek,  and  slight  skirmishing  was  commenced  with  artillery 
and  infantry.  About  11  A.  M.  I  received  a  note  from  Major- 
General  Pickett  informing  me  that  reinforcements  were  on  their  way 
from  Weldon,  and  advising  me  not  to  bring  on  a  general  engagement 
if  possible  to  avoid  it.  At  2  P.  M.  I  received  the  following  dispatch 
from  Major-General  Pickett: 

Headquarters  Petersburg, 
May  9th,  1864,  I  P.  M. 

General, — The  Major-General  commanding  directs  that  you  move 
forward  at  once  and  see  what  the  ene  ny  are  doing.  Further  instruc- 
tions will  be  sent  in  course  of  half  an  hour.  I  inclose  a  copy  of  dis- 
patch just  received  from  General  Bragg. 

I  am,  General,  yours,  &c., 
[Signed]  C.  Pickett,  A.  A.  G. 

To  Brigadier-  General  B.  R.  Jolmson,  Commayiding,  &€. 

I  immediately  ordered  General  Hagood  to  move  forward  by  the 
turnpike  and  take  the  eminence  beyond  the  creek,  believing  from  the 
dispatch  of  General  Bragg  that  it  was  my  duty  to  press  upon  the 
enemy  with  nearly  my  whole  force.  I  now  dispatched  to  Major- 
General  Pickett  that  I  had  received  the  order  to  advance,  and  had 
given  the  order  to  commence  the  movements.     The  skirmishers  of 


Report  of  General  B.  li.  Johnson.  281 

Hagood's  brigade  had  not  engaged  the  enemy  when  I  received  the 
following  communication : 

Headquarters  Petersburg, 
May  9th,   1864. 

General, — The  Major  General  commanding  directs  me  to  say  to 
you  that  you  had  better  hold  the  line  of  Swift  Creek  till  reinforce- 
ments arrive,  and  we  can  then  make  the  advance. 

Try  and  find  out  whether  the  present  demonstration  is  a  feint  or  a 
real  movement.     I  am,  General,  with  much  respect. 
Your  obedient  servant, 
[Signed]  C.  Pickett,  A.  A.  G. 

To  Brigadier-  General  B.  R.  Johnson,  Commanding,  &c. 

My  dispatch  announcing  to  General  Pickett  that  I  had  given  orders 
to  commence  the  movement,  was  returned  with  the  following  endorse- 
ment: 

Headquarters  Petersburg, 

May  9th,  1864. 

General. — Since  the  order  was  given  for  you  to  advance.  Gen- 
eral Pickett  has  sent  another  countermanding  it,  and  telling  you  to 
hold  the  line  of  Swift  Creek  if  the  enemy,  as  reported,  were  advancing 
in  force  on  you. 

[Signed]  C.  Pickett,  A.  A.  G. 

General  Johnso7i,  Comma7iditig,  &c. 

As  a  consequence  of  these  communications,  the  movement  ordered 
became  a  reconnoissancc  with  a  part  of  Hagood's  brigade.  The 
enemy  were  found  in  heavy  force  in  vicinity  of  the  turnpike,  on  the 
north  side  of  Swift  Creek.  After  a  very  sharp  skirmish  Genera* 
Hagood  withdrew  his  forces  from  the  north  side  of  the  creek,  having 
lost,  in  a  brief  period,  nine  officers  and  128  men,  killed,  wounded  and 
missing.  It  was  evident  that  the  whole  of  the  enemy's  forces  were  in 
our  front.  Communications  were  received  during  the  night  from  Major- 
General  Ransom  and  Brigadier-General  Barton,  at  Drewry's  Bluff,  in- 
quiring for  the  enemy,  and  stating  that  there  had  been  but  little  dem- 
onstration in  their  front  during  the  day.  The  enemy's  sharp-shooters 
were  now  pressed  forward,  especially  in  the  vicinity  of  the  railroad 
bridge.  They  reached  a  fence  in  the  open  field,  within  some  five  or 
six  hundred  yards  of  the  Dunlop  House,  and  very  much  annoyed  our 
main  line.     With  the  first  design  of  making  a  determined  attack  upon 


282  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  enemy,  the  Fifty-first  South  Carolina  regiment  had  been  replaced  at 
this  point  by  a  part  of  the  Sixty-third  Tennessee  regiment.  Captain  J. 
W.  Robertson,  of  the  latter  regiment,  was  now  directed  to  take  two  com- 
panies and  drive  the  enemy's  skirmishers  back.  This  was  hand- 
somely done  by  a  charge.  Somewhat  later,  in  the  darkness  of  the 
night  the  enemy's  reserve — about  a  regiment — made  a  demonstration, 
fired  a  volley  on  our  skirmishers,  raised  a  shout  and  made  an  effort  to 
charge  them,  but  Captain  Robertson's  command  held  its  position 
until  a  late  hour  at  night,  when  it  was  relieved  by  two  companies  of  the 
Fifty-First  North  Carolina  regiment.  A  heavy  line  of  skirmishers, under 
Lieutenant- Colonel  Akin,  of  the  Sixty-third  Tennessee,  held  Level 
Ford  during  the  night  of  the  gth.  The  enemy,  however,  attempted  to 
cross  some  men  above  the  ford,  and  brought  up  a  piece  of  artillery 
to  the  stream,  but  they  were  promptly  driven  back  by  a  detachment 
under  Capt.  Millord,  of  the  Sixty-third  Tennessee  regiment. 

In  the  skirmishing  at  Swift  Creek,  Johnson's  brigade  had  five  men 
wounded,  one  mortally,  making  the  total  number  of  casualties  at  that 
point  142.  The  loss  of  the  enemy  was,  perhaps  about  an  equal  num- 
ber. 

During  the  morning  of  the  loth,  parts  of  Wise's,  Ransom's  and 
Hoke's  brigades  arrived.  About  half-past  i  P.  M.  the  prevailing 
quietude  along  the  line  induced  me  to  order  the  artillery  near  the  rail- 
road bridge  to  open.  It  drew  no  response  from  the  enemy,  who  had 
previously  made  very  free  use  of  a  battery  of  artillery  just  opposite. 
I  then  ordered  forward  our  skirmishers,  and  found  the  enemy  had 
withdrawn  without  any  manifest  cause. 

Major-General  Hoke  arrived  this  evening  and  assumed  command 
on  the  morning  of  the  nth  of  May. 

I  forward  herewith  Col.  R.  F.  Graham's  report  of  the  affair  at  Port 
Walthall  junction  on  the  evening  of  the  6th  of  May  ;  also  Brigadier- 
General  Hagood's  report  of  the  actions  and  casualties  at  Port  Wal- 
thall junction  on  the  7th  and  at  Swift  Creek  on  the  gth  of  May,  1864. 
Very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

[Signed]  B.  R.Johnson,  Major-General. 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  283 

Is  the  "Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States,"  Written  by  Miss  Thalheimer 
and  Published  by  Van  Antwerp,  Bragg  &  Co.,  Cincinnati,  a  Fit  Book  to 
be  Used  in  Our  Schools  ? 

A  Review  by  J.  VVm.  Jones. 

Paper  No.  i. 

We  propose  to  confine  ourselves  for  the  present  to  that  part  of  this 
so-called  "History"  which  treats  of  the  origin,  progress,  and  results 
of  the  late  "  War  between  the  States."  At  some  future  day  we  may 
take  occasion  to  point  out  some  of  its  "sins  of  omission  and  commis- 
sion" in  its  account  of  the  Colonial,  Revolutionary,  and  civil  history 
of  the  country. 

We  will  first  give  a  few  illustrations  of  the  tone  and  spirit  of  the 
book,  which  its  friends  claim  to  be  preeminently  fair,  non-partisan, 
and  non-sectional. 

1.  Let  any  one  turn  to  the  account  given  (pp.  265-266)  of  the 
Kansas  troubles  and  he  will  find  that  it  is  entirely  one  sided  and  par- 
tisan— telling  of  outrages  committed  by  the  pro-slavery  party,  aided 
by  Missourians,  and  saying  not  one  word  about  the  "Emigrant  Aid 
Societies  "  of  the  North — the  eloquent  appeals  of  Mr.  Beecher  to 
"send  Sharp's  Rifles  to  Kansas  instead  of  Bibles" — or  the  outrages 
committed  by  the  Abolition  party  of  Kansas. 

2.  The  friends  of  the  book  think  that  it  (p.  268)  tells  the  truth 
when  it  says  that  John  Brown  ''had  710  sjipport"  in  his  raid,  and  that 
therefore  the  "  rage  of  resentment  "  through  the  South  was  uncalled 
for.  We  would  advise  them  to  read  up  on  this  question,  and  they 
will  find  that  in  the  Senate  of  Massachusetts  a  motion  to  adjourn  on 
the  day  of  John  Brown's  execution  in  respect  to  his  memory  was  lost 
by  only  three  votes — that  town  bells  were  tolled,  funeral  sermons 
preached,  and  eulogies  pronounced  all  over  the  North — that  John 
Brown  at  once  took  his  place  in  the  pantheon  of  Abolition  saints — and 
that  the  resentment  of  the  South  was  justly  aroused,  not  against  this 
mad  fanatic,  but  against  his  supporters,  whose  vanguard  he  led  in  in- 
vading the  South  to  free  the  negroes  whom  their  Fathers  had  sold  to 
our  Fathers,  quietly  pocketing  the  money,  and  only  discovering  the 
"crime  of  slavery"  after  they  had  reaped  its  full  benefits. 

3.  The  book  (p.  270)  pronounces  the  firing  on  the  "Star  of  the 
West"  at  Charleston  ''the  opening  act  of  the  civil  war."  On  page 
276,  speaking  of  Lincoln's  inaugural  address,   it  says :  "  He  threw 


284  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

upon  the  politicians  of  the  South  the  whole  responsibility  of  the 
calamities  which  must  follow  the  destruction  of  the  Union,  assuring 
them  that  there  could  be  no  conflict  unless  they  themselves  should 
choose  to  begin  it,"  and  (same  page,  276,)  then  proceeds  to  give  the 
account  of  the  bombardment  of  Sumter,  without  one  single  hint  of 
the  circumstances  under  which  the  Confederates  opened  fire. 

The  author  ignores  the  efforts  of  Virginia  to  keep  the  peace  by 
calling  the  Peace  Conference— the  Crittenden  compromise  which  was 
a  Southern  peace  measure— the  sending  by  South  Carolina  of  peace 
commissioners,  who  were  promised  by  Mr  Buchanan  that  "  the 
stahis''  in  Charleston  harbor  should  not  be  disturbed,  but  who  refused 
to  order  Major  Anderson  back,  when,  in  violation  of  the  compact,  he 
removed  by  night  from  Moultrie  to  Sumter— the  fact  that  the  "  Star 
of  the  West"  was  attempting  to  violate  again  the  plain  terms  of  the 
compact  by  reinforcing  and  provisioning  Surnter — the  fact  that  one 
of  the  very  first  acts  of  the  Confederacy  was  to  send  commissioners 
to  Washington  "  to  treat  with  the  Federal  authorities  for  a  peaceful 
and  amicable  adjustment  upon  the  principles  of  equity  and  justice,  of 
matters  pertaining  to  the  common  property  and  public  debt " — that 
Mr.  Seward  promised  that  Sumter  should  be  evacuated,  and  assured 
the  commissioners  that  "faith  as  to  Sumter"  was  "fully  kept"  at  the 
very  time  that  a  powerful  fleet  for  its  reinforcement,  secretly  fitted 
out,  was  almost  within  sight  of  its  walls — that  this  expedition  was 
persisted  in,  notwithstanding  the  Confederate  commissioners  assured 
Mr.  Seward  that  it  would  be  regarded  as  "  a  declaration  of  war 
against  the  Confederate  States" — and  that  under  all  of  the  circum- 
stances, therefore,  the  firing  on  Sumter  was  as  purely  an  act  of  self- 
defe7ice  as  is  to  be  found  in  all  history. 

4.  On  page  271  the  author  revives  the  old  slander  that  secession 
cabinet  officers  of  Mr.  Buchanan  filled  Southern  arsenals  with  arms 
taken  from  the  North,  and  scattered  the  army  and  navy  so  that  the 
South  should  be  better  prepared  for  war  than  the  North. 

Compare  the  statement  given  there — that  "  The  National  Govern- 
ment was  paralized.  Its  navy  was  scattered  to  the  most  distant  seas, 
and  a  great  part  of  its  cannon,  rifles,  and  military  stores  were  in 
Southern  forts  and  arsenals,  which  were  taken  almost  without  excep- 
tion by  the  authorities  of  the  Confederate  States" — with  the  statement 
in  paragraph  497,  pages  279-280,  that  the  South  "  had  begun  the 
war  with  abundant  supplies  of  money  and  material,"  [notice  that  the 
author  here  refers  back  to  paragraph  484  for  proof],  and  it  seems 
perfectly  clear  that  the  book  means  to  teach  that  secession   "  leaders 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  285 

in  the  cabinet  of  Mr.  Buchanan"  had  stripped  Northern  arsenals  to 
supply  the  South  with  arms,  had  scattered  the  navy  in  order  to  par- 
alize  the  "  National  Government,"  and  had  really  brought  it  about 
that  the  South  was  better  prepared  for  the  war  than  the  North.  This 
is  a  favorite  theory  with  Northern  writers,  it  is  fully  brought  out  in 
such  books  as  Greely,  Draper,  Lossing,  Moore's  Rebellion  Record 
and  Badeau,  which  the  author  advises  our  children  to  read,  and  we 
are  not  surprised  that  she  adopts  it. 

This  theory  is,  of  course,  utterly  untrue,  and  would  seem  to  need  no 
labored  refutation  ;  but  if  any  one  desires  to  go  into  the  matter  more 
fully,  let  him  read  the  article  on  Confederate  Ordnance,  by  the  able 
and  accomplished  chief  of  the  Department,  General  J.  Gorgas,  pub- 
lished in  the  January-February,  '84,  number  of  our  Southern  His- 
torical Society  Papers,  and  they  will  find  a  thorough  refutation 
of  this  slander,  a  precise  statement  of  the  very  small  number  of  arms 
with  which  the  Confederacy  begun  the  war,  and  a  clear  account  of 
how  we  were  not  only  without  arms,  but  without  arsenals,  armories, 
founderies,  percussion  cap  manufactories,  machinery,  powder  mills, 
material,  or  even  skilled  workmen. 

And  when  it  is  remembered  that  the  white  population  upon  which 
the  Confederacy  could  draw  was  even  nominally  but  a  little  more  than 
7,000,000 — but  really  only  5,000,000 — whilie  the  Northern  Govern- 
ment had  a  white  population  of  more  than  20,000,000,  with  the  rest 
of  the  world  as  their  recruiting  ground,  that  the  North  was  the  great 
manufacturing  region,  and  that  the  Northwest  was  accustomed  to  fur- 
nish the  cotton  States  with  the  bulk  of  their  provisions,  it  seems 
amazing  for  any  one  to  argue  that  the  South  was  in  any  respect 
better  prepared  for  war  than  the  North,  save  in  the  morale  of  her  sol- 
diers and  the  patriotic  devotion  of  her  noble  women. 

5.  We  insist  that  it  is  untrue  as  stated  (p.  277)  that  Missouri,  Ken- 
tucky and  Maryland  "  refused  to  secede^'  in  the  light  of  General 
Lyon's  operations  in  Missouri,  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of  the 
secession  members  of  the  Maryland  Legislature,  and  the  pinning  of 
Kentucky  to  the  Union  by  Federal  bayonets. 

6.  All  of  the  ingenious  twisting  possible  cannot  make  the  account 
of  the  Baltimore  riot  (p.  277)  fair,  in  view  of  the  well-established  facts 
that  the  troops  fired  first  on  the  citizens,  in  response  to  their  jeers 
and  the  throwing  of  several  stones  from  the  crowd,  and  that  the  at- 
tempt to  make  this  Massachusetts  regiment  the  representatives  of  the 
patriots  who  were  fired  on  by  British  soldiers  at  Lexington  in  1775, 
exacdy  reverses  and  falsifies  the  truth  of  history.     These  Massachu- 


286  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

setts  soldiers  were  the  invaders,  and  the  unarmed  citizens  of  Baltimore 
(nine  of  whom  were  killed  and  a  number  wounded,  while  only  two 
soldiers  were  killed  and  several  wounded)  were  the  patriotic  defenders 
of  their  homes;  the  soldiers  were  the  representatives  of  despotic 
power,  and  the  citizens  of  patriots  struggling  for  independence. 

7.  The  statement  (p.  278)  that  "a  majority  of  the  people"  of  West 
Virginia  "  were  attached  to  the  Union  "  is  utterly  untrue,  in  view  of 
the  fact  that  only  20,000  votes  were  cast  against  secession  in  the 
whole  limits  of  old  Virginia.  And  certainly  our  children  should  not 
be  taught,  even  by  implication,  that  this  infamous  division  of  Virginia 
territory — this  "political  rape" — was  in  any  sense  justifiable. 

8.  We  call  attention  to  the  outrage,  at  the  bottom  of  page  281,  of 
teaching  our  children  that  in  the  death  of  Abraham  Lincoln   "  The 

South  felt  that  it  had  lost  its  best  friend  ;" and  that 

"his  name  is  fitly  coupled  with  that  of  Washington,  and  the  mar- 
tyred President  will  ever  remain  sacred  in  the  memory  of  the 
American  people."  This  is  in  the  same  spirit  as  the  statement  (p. 
309)  that  Phil.  Sheridan  was  "  the  most  able  cavalry  leader  of  the 
war" — that  Sherman's  "march  to  the  sea  "  (p.  310)  was  "  one  of  the 
most  celebrated  events  of  history" — that,  "considering  his  surround- 
ings and  the  place  of  his  birth,  Geo.  H.  Thomas's  adherence  to  the 
Union  (p.  303)  is  remarkable  " — that  "  the  characteristics  of  E.  M. 
Stanton's  administration  (p.  327)  were  integrity,  energy,  determination, 
singleness  of  purpose,  and  the  power  to  comprehend  the  magnitude 
of  the  rebellion  and  the  labor  and  cost  in  blood  and  treasure  involved 
in  suppressing  it " — that  Grant's  "  generalship  at  Chattanooga  is 
considered  by  mihtary  authorities  the  masterpiece  of  the  war,"  and 
the  horrible  sacrifice  of  his  men  in  the  campaign  of  '64  justifiable, 
and  that  President  Hayes,  in  making  his  appointments,  (p.  339)  con- 
sulted "the  service  of  the  public  rather  than  that  of  the  politicians," 
and  regulated  "  both  his  appointments  and  dismissals  by  questions  of 
personal  worth." 

And  in  this  connection  we  call  especial  attention  to  the  general 
scope  and  bearing  of  the  biographical  sketches  given  in  the  book — 
eleven  very  tame  sketches  of  Confederates,  and  twenty-six  sketches  of 
Federals,  most  of  the  latter  glowing  eulogies. 

It  will  not  do  to  say  that  the  sketches  are  chiefly  of  Generals  com- 
manding armies,  for  many  of  the  Federals  sketched  would  not  come 
under  this  head,  while  a  number  of  Confederates  who  commanded 
armies,  such  as  John  B.  Floyd,  Henry  A.  Wise,  J.  A.  Early,  John  B. 
Hood,  S.  D.  Lee,  Leonidas  Polk,  Stirling  Price,  Earl  Van  Dorn, 


I 


Eclectic  History  of  the   United  States.  287 

Kirby  Smith,  Dick  Taylor,  Hardee,  &c.,  are  omitted.  The  truth 
is  the  Confederates  largely  outnumbered  the  Federals  in  men  worthy 
of  places  \n  general  history,  and  for  Southern  schools  it  is  unpardon- 
able to  omit  such  names  as  Ashby,  Stuart,  Forrest,  Hampton,  Ewell, 
A.  P.  Hill,  Pat.  Cleburne,  M.  F.  Maury,  Buchanan,  and  scores  of 
others  who  should  be  household  words  among  our  people. 

The  sketches  of  Lee  and  Jackson  are  the  only  ones  which  make 
any  pretence  to  being  even  fairly  appreciative,  (and  they  are  both 
utterly  unworthy  of  their  subjects,)  and  that  of  Lee  is  marred  by 
inexcusable  blunders  in  his  name,  and  place  of  birth,  in  giving  him 
the  position  of  commander-in-chief  of  the  Confederate  armies  in 
1862,  and  in  apologizing  for  his  "grave  mistake"  in  invading  Penn- 
sylvania, in  1863,  on  the  ground  that  he  yielded  "his  own  judgment 
and  advice  to  a  higher  political  power,"  whereas  the  facts  are  that  this 
campaign  was  undertaken  not  only  with  General  Lee's  full  appoba- 
tion,  but  at  his  own  suggestion,  and  that  it  would  have  culminated  in 
a  brilliant  success,  and  in  the  Independence  of  the  Confederacy,  but 
for  the  failure  of  others. 

9.  We  insist  that  the  statement  about  the  "  plundered  Kentuckians  " 
(p.  286)  is  false,  and  that  if  it  were  true  it  would  be  unfair  to  intro- 
duce it  without  also  bringing  out,  as  the  book  fails  to  do,  the  univer- 
sal plundering  done  by  Federal  troops  in  the  South,  and  the  orders 
of  General  Lee  in  Pennsylvania. 

10.  The  statements  on  pages  295-296  that  Mr.  Lincoln  acted  in 
good  faith  as  to  slavery  (notwithstanding  he  said  in  his  inaugural 
address  that  he  had  no  right  or  disposition  to  interfere  with  it),  and 
ihdX" the  So7ith''  had  declared  slavery  to  be  "  the  corner-stone "  of 
the  Confederacy,  are  so  palpably  untrue  as  to  need  no  discussion. 
The  quotation  from  Mr.  Stephens  (whose  utterances  were  very  far 
from  being  those  of  "  the  South  "),  might  be  met  by  quoting  the  dec- 
laration of  General  Lee,  that  "  if  the  slaves  of  the  South  were  mine,  I 
would  free  them  at  once  to  avert  this  war,"  and  by  other  facts  which 
we  have  not  time  to  give. 

Our  printers  admonish  us  that  we  have  no  more  space,  and  we 
must  reserve  for  our  next  other  illustrations  of  the  miserable  stuft' 
which  some  of  the  children  of  the  South  are  learning. 


288  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

|^DITOF(IAL     pAF^AQFiAPH?. 


Renewals  are  not  only  still  "  in  order,"  but  are  absolutely  essen- 
tial to  the  comfort  and  well-being  of  "  these  headquarters." 

Three  dollars  is  a  small  matter  to  the  individual  subscriber,  but  the  one 
thousand  three  dollars  due  us  is  a  very  large  matter  to  us.  In  fact,  it  is  just 
exactly  the  difference  between  meeting  all  of  our  e.xpenses  this  year  without 
trouble,  and  being  seriously  embarrassed  in  meeting  our  current  obligations. 

We  beg,  therefore,  that  those  indebted  to  us  will  remit  at  once,  and  not 
wait  for  further  dunning  of  any  kind  whatever.     We  need  your  subscription 


The  "Lee  Camp  Fair,"  held  in  Richmond,  was  a  splendid  success, 
and  a  very  handsome  sum  was  realized  for  the  "Confederate  Home."  So 
soon  as  the  plans  of  the  committee  are  fully  matured,  we  will  announce 
them ;  but  we  may  say  that  in  the  meantime  more  money  will  be  needed  to 
carry  out  these  plans,  and  contributions  to  the  fund  are  still  in  order. 


The  "  Soldiers'  Home  of  the  State  of  Louisiana  "  has  been  fully 
organized,  with  General  F,  T.  Nichols  as  President,  and  John  H.  Murray  as 
Treasurer,  and  we  have  received  the  report  for  the  year  ending  ist  of  May, 
1884,  which  gives  a  most  encouraging  exhibit  of  its  affairs. 

They  have  twenty-two  inmates  of  the  "  Home,"  and  seem  to  have  made 
all  proper  arrangements  for  their  care,  and  admirable  regulations  for  the 
management  of  the  "  Home." 


Colonel  Heros  Von  Borcke,  the  gallant  and  accomplished  Prussian, 
who  tendered  his  sword  to  the  Confederacy  and  served  with  such  distinction 
on  the  staff  of  General  J.  E.  B.  Stuart,  is  now  on  a  visit  to  his  old  comrades, 
and  has  been  received  with  open  arms  at  Baltimore,  Richmond,  and  at  other 
points. 

Confederates  generally  will  give  him  a  warm  welcome  and  a  hearty  greet- 
ing. 


Vol.  XII. 


July— August— September. 


Nos.  7,  8,  9. 


The  Seventeenth  Virginia  Infantry  at  Flat  Creek  and  Drewry's  Bluff. 

By  Col.  A.  Herbert. 

Rev.  J.  William  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society  : 

In  response  to  invitations  given  by  you  in  the  Southern  Histo- 
rical Papers  to  officers  and  men  of  the  late  Southern  Confederacy 
for  incidents  interesting  in  their  character,  but  lost  or  submerged  in 
weightier  events  of  the  late  war,  I  feel  encouraged  to  give  a  sketch  of 
an  engagement  of  my  old  command,  the  Seventeenth  Virginia  infantry, 
at  Flat  Creek  bridge,  Richmond  and  Danville  railroad,  with  Kautz's 
cavalry  on  the  14th  May,  1864,  and  events  following.  The  time  was 
fraught  with  events  of  great  moment  to  the  then  struggling  Confed- 
eracy. The  great  battle  of  the  Wilderness  commenced  between  Lee 
and  Grant  on  the  6th  May.  Butler,  with  20,000  men,  had  thrown 
himself  between  Petersburg  and  Richmond ;  Kautz,  with  a  strong 
force  of  cavalry,  had  cut  the  Petersburg  railroad  in  several  places, 
and  everywhere  our  small  armies  were  confronted  with  the  enemy  in 
larger  numbers,  and  every  command  and  every  Confederate  soldier 


290  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

was  called  to  endure  a  strain  upon  nerve,  heart  and  brain  that  in  the 
long  lapse  of  years  can  never  be  forgotten. 

On  the  5th  May  the  Seventeenth  Virginia  regiment  was  under  Hoke 
in  front  of  Newbern,  N.  C,  right  resting  on  the  Neuse  River,  forming 
a  part  of  our  line  then  investing  that  place.  When  our  position  was 
revealed,  by  the  careless  firing  of  a  picket  upon  a  passing  fishing 
smack,  we  were  treated  to  a  vigorous  shelling  by  the  enemy's  gun- 
boats. This  made  a  lasting  impression  upon  our  memories,  as  we 
had  to  lie  down  and  take  it  without  a  return  shot,  and  with  the  chance 
of  being  impaled  by  pines,  whose  tops  every  now  and  then,  taken 
off  by  a  ten-inch  shell,  dropped  with  a  crash  in  our  midst.  General 
Hoke's  polite  request  for  a  surrender  not  being  complied  with,  he 
would  have  followed  by  an  assault  of  the  town  in  force,  but  for  the 
vigorous  opening  of  that  memorable  campaign  by  Grant  and  Butler, 
and  he  was  reluctantly  compelled  to  make  a  forced  retrograde  move- 
ment to  Kingston,  and  from  thence  via  Weldon  for  Petersburg  and 
Richmond.  The  morning  of  the  loth  found  us  on  the  cars  with  the 
Thirtieth  Virginia,  the  rest  of  our  brigade  having  preceded  us.  We 
were  delayed  by  forest  fires  that  burnt  the  ties  and  spread  the  rails 
in  many  places.  We  were  again  delayed  between  Weldon  and  Pe- 
tersburg by  burnt  bridges  and  torn  up  track,  the  work  of  Kautz  and 
his  raiders,  causing  a  march  of  nine  miles  at  one  point  before  reach- 
ing Petersburg.  On  our  arrival,  to  our  dismay  we  found  that  three 
regiments  of  our  brigade.  General  Corse  and  staff,  were  near  Rich- 
mond, and  General  Butler  in  between.  To  my  military  readers  this 
forced  orphanage  of  a  whole  regiment  from  its  military  head  and 
family  will  be  understood  as  being  anything  but  pleasant.  We  wanted 
to  fight  under  our  own  commanders  and  by  the  side  of  our  old  and 
tried  comrades. 

But  to  the  old  Seventeenth,  who  knew  no  home  but  the  regimental 
camp  (their  homes  being  during  the  four  years  of  the  war  in  the  en- 
emy's lines),  a  few  words  of  explanation  was  all  that  was  necessary  to 
take  in  the  situation.  Reporting  to  General  Wise,  then  in  command 
of  Petersburg,  we  were  ordered  into  camp  across  the  Appomattox, 
for  which  point  the  men  took  up  the  line  of  march  with  that  cheerful 
hope  of  the  future,  the  "  devil  me  care  air  "  and  swinging  step  pecu- 
liar to  the  old  ragged  battalions  of  that  period. 

About  I  o'clock  at  night  I  was  aroused  from  a  sound  sleep  by  a 
courier  with  a  characteristic  order  from  General  Wise,  on  a  slip  of 
ragged  paper,  viz  :  "  Hold  your  regiment  in  readiness  to  move  at  any 
moment,  in  any  direction,  at  a  double-quick."     A  soft  rain  was  falling 


The  Seventeenth  Virginia  at  Flat  Creek,  dc.  291 

upon  our  bivouac,  and  as  we  had  no  preparations  to  make,  and  the 
men  were  in  that  deep  sleep  so  sweet  to  the  soldier,  I  would  not  rouse 
them,  but  waited  the  order  to  move,  which  came  just  as  day  was 
breaking.  Following  the  guidance  of  a  staff  officer,  in  delightful  un- 
certainty of  our  destination,  we  found  ourselves  once  more  in  town  at 
the  Southside  depot,  rapidly  embarking  upon  flats  and  freight  cars, 
for  a  destination  as  yet  unknown.  All  aboard  and  off  we  started,  the 
men  clinging  to  sides  and  roofs  of  as  rickety  an  old  train  of  cars  as 
ever  excited  the  fear  and  ire  of  any  command.  Once  on  the  way,  our 
orders  were  read.  We  were  to  go  to  Burkeville  junction,  from  there 
to  the  bridges  on  the  Danville  road.  We  then  for  the  first  time  took 
in  the  situation — that  it  was  to  be  a  race  between  ourselves  and  Kautz, 
which  should  get  there  first.  The  thought  flitting  through  our  brain 
meanwhile  that  Kautz  and  his  bold  riders  might  turn  up  somewhere 
on  the  road,  misplace  a  few  rails,  ditch  our  old  train,  and  play  wild 
havoc  with  us.  Thanks  to  our  lucky  star  this  evil  fortune  did  not 
await  us.  We  reached  Burkville  and  then  Farmville,  where  some 
refugees  from  Alexandria,  and  the  citizens  who  were  in  mortal  terror 
of  the  raiders,  filled  our  haversacks  and  wished  us  God  speed !  The 
men,  after  such  a  reinforcement  of  material  and  moral  support,  in  turn 
promised  to  give  a  good  account  of  themselves  when  they  struck  the 
enemy. 

May  13th  we  arrived  at  Flat  Creek  Bridge  early  enough  to  go  over 
the  ground  and  make  proper  dispositions  of  the  companies  for  the 
fight  expected  next  morning. 

The  enemy  the  same  evening  made  a  demonstration  at  the  upper  and 
larger  bridge,  defended  by  detachments  of  the  Eighth,  Thirteenth,  and 
Thirtieth  Virginia  regiments,  with  artillery.  Finding  it  too  strong  to 
carry  in  front,  they  crossed  at  the  junction  of  the  two  streams,  some 
miles  below,  hoping  to  surprise  and  carry  the  smaller  and  unfortified 
bridge  guarded  by  the  Seventeenth  Virginia,  and  then  taking  the 
larger  bridge  in  rear  of  its  works  destroy  both,  and  so  cut  the  only 
communication  between  Richmond  and  our  base  of  supplies  at  the 
South.  In  this  lies  the  whole  merit  of  our  little  but  important  fight, 
which  found  no  place  in  reports  to  headquarters  and  was  scarcely 
noticed  by  the  press  of  the  day,  so  deeply  absorbed  were  all  by  the 
mighty  struggle  then  going  on  for  the  capture  of  Richmond. 

By  night  the  companies  were  all  posted,  some  below  the  bridge 
behind  a  stone  wall,  some  so  placed  that  their  fire  covered  it  and  the 
approach  on  the  opposite  side,  some  up  the  stream  and  behind  a  bar- 
ricade made  at  a  country  road  bridge,  above  the  railroad  bridge — all 


292  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

with  orders  to  sleep  on  their  arms.  I  gave  Colonel  Talcott  (the  then 
Chief  Engineer  and  Superintendent  of  the  railroad,  who,  though  a 
non-combatant,  was  drawn  to  the  spot  by  his  deep  interest  in  the 
safety  of  the  bridges),  a  part  of  my  blanket,  and  we  soon  fell  asleep. 
Just  before  dawn  a  few  dropping  shots  were  heard,  and  the  officers 
and  men  of  the  advanced  picket  came  across  the  bridge,  reporting 
the  enemy  close  behind.  The  picket  shots  were  all  the  orders  neces- 
sary The  men  looked  to  their  guns,  fixed  their  eyes  upon  the  op- 
posite bank  of  the  creek,  then  passed  fording,  and  awaited  the  ap- 
pearance of  the  enemy.  They  had  not  long  to  wait.  While  a  mounted 
company  charged  down  upon  the  county  road  bridge  a  long  line  of 
dismounted  men  charged  up  to  the  end  of  the  railroad  bridge  with 
combustible  materials  to  set  it  on  fire.  The  company  at  the  barricade 
emptied  the  saddles  ot  the  first  line  of  fours,  and  their  officers  could 
not  get  them  to  charge  mounted  again.  The  sight  of  the  enemy 
making  a  dash  for  the  railroad  bridge  brought  out  a  well  directed  fire 
from  the  other  companies,  which  drove  the  enemy  from  the  approach 
back  under  cover  of  the  wood.  Evidently  their  reception  was  a 
surprise,  and  after  reforming  they  came  up  again  in  gallant  style,  the 

officers  shouting,  "  drive  the  d d  conscripts  out  of  the  way."  and 

we  could  hear  the  reply,  "  If  you  think  these  are  conscripts,  come 
down  a  little  closer  yourselves."  A  rattling  fire  from  both  sides  ended 
the  second  attempt  and  we  hoped  the  affair  was  over.  But  not  so. 
After  another  interval  they  brought  up  two  or  three  mountain  how- 
itzers with  which  they  shelled  us,  and  under  cover  of  this  fire  another 
plucky  advance  upon  the  bridge  was  made;  but  thanks  to  our  well 
chosen  position  and  the  steadiness  of  the  boys,  they  had  to  give  ground 
before  our  fire,  and  so  after  many  attempts  they  had  to  fall  back.  Two 
companies  of  the  regiment  crossed  close  in  their  rear,  capturing  thir- 
teen prisoners,  five  of  them  badly  wounded,  besides  a  large  number 
of  (17)  seventeen-shooters,  pistols,  &c.  They  lost  nine  killed,  most 
of  their  wounded  being  carried  off.  Our  loss  was  three  killed  and  a 
few  wounded.  Result:  Bridges  saved  and  Richmond's  southern  com- 
munications kept  open. 

On  May  15th  we  marched  to  Powhatan  Station,  and  from  there 
were  ordered  to  Richmond  by  rail  by  a  despatch  from  General  Beau- 
regard. We  reached  Richmond  at  daybreak  on  the  ever  memorable 
i6lh  May,  in  a  fog  that  some  of  my  old  comrades  remember  as  one 
that  would  have  done  credit  to  London.  We  changed  trains  after 
some  delay,  and  the  old  regiment,  in  good  heart  and  spirits  from  its 
late  success,  soon  found  itself  steaming  away  for   Drewry's  Bluff  to 


The  Seventeenth  Virginia  at  Flat  Creek,  &c.  293 

be  once  more  united  to  its  old  command.  On  arriving  there  the  fog 
still  hung-  pall-like  over  everything — objects  could  clearly  be  seen 
only  a  few  feet  in  advance,  adding  much  to  the  confusion.  The  road 
being  filled  with  a  motley  crowd  of  cavalrymen,  ambulances,  wag- 
ons, infantry;  men  enquiring  for  their  commands,  all  asking  questions, 
but  no  one  seemingly  able  to  give  the  desired  answer.  We  called  a 
halt  until  I  could  find  a  courier  or  staff  officer  to  show  us  our  position 
in  line,  which  was  accomplished  after  much  trouble.  In  the  mean- 
while, the  men  were  making  the  usual  complimentary  and  appropriate 
remarks  about  the  Commissary  Department,  no  rations  being  in  sight* 
an  aching  void  within,  and  so  far  nothing  but  cold  fog  to  fill  the 
vacuum.  I  promised  that  once  in  position  the  rations  should  soon 
follow.  Under  the  guidance  of  the  courier  we  started  for  our  place 
in  line.  On  arriving  at  the  top  of  a  hill,  where  the  balls  from  the 
enemy's  sharpshooters  dropped  in  a  most  uncomfortable  manner,  we 
halted.  The  regiment  was  then  formed  in  line  of  battle,  and  we 
moved  forward  in  quick  time  for  the  position  assigned  us.  Just  then 
one  of  the  most  weird  and  singular  sights  caught  my  eye.  On  our 
left  a  long  line  of  troops  were  moving  into  the  works  in  line  of  battle, 
and  as  they  moved  up  the  hill  the  fog  lifted  and  this  long  line  of  legs 
were  to  be  seen  moving  in  perfect  unison,  the  fog  obscuring  the  men 
from  their  waist-belts  up,  making  a  most  phantom-like  picture.  My 
attention  was  soon  called  to  our  own  surroundings ;  for  as  the  mist 
rose  in  our  front  it  brought  us  in  view  of  the  enemy's  sharpshooters, 
and  before  reaching  the  trenches  we  lost  several  men.  We  had  hardly 
settled  in  line  and  taken  in  the  bearings  of  our  new  position,  and 
given  the  men,  in  camp  parlance,  time  to  "  look  into  their  haversacks 
and  grow  fat,"  before  orders  were  brought  by  a  dismounted  courier 
(as  no  man  could  have  lived  a  minute  mounted),  to  fall  in,  and  be  ready 
to  charge  the  enemy's  works  when  the  signal  was  given.  "  Here's 
your  rations,  boys,"  the  men  called  to  each  other.  Fighting  rations, 
they  meant,  which  they  thought  were  given  without  stint,  and  wanted 
to  be  a  little  sarcastic  to  the  Colonel.  But  every  man  drew  his  waist 
belt  a  little  tighter,  drew  down  his  hat  closer  over  his  eyes,  looked  once 
more  to  his  accoutrements,  and  waited  with  bated  breath  the  order  to 
clear  our  works  and  charge  the  enemy.  Just  here  let  me  add  that  the 
fire  from  the  enemy's  picket  line  by  sharpshooters  had  been  so  severe 
that  a  hat  elevated  above  the  works  would  be  perforated  by  bullets  in  a 
few  moments,  and  the  order  to  prepare  to  charge  meant  that  some  who 
mounted  that  parapet  would  look  their  last  of  earth  from  its  summit. 
Want  of  stick  upon  the  part  of  the  enemy  alone  was  the  cause  ol  our 


294  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

loss  not  being  much  heavier.  The  order  came  quickly.  At  the  com- 
mand "  Forward  !" — rung  out  in  loud  tones  all  along  the  line — the  regi- 
ment bounded  forward  as  one  man,  with  the  old  yell  that  rings  in  my 
ears  as  I  now  write,  and  starts  my  old  blood  in  fresh  surges  through 
my  veins. 

As  the  ground  in  our  front  between  us  and  the  enemy  was  covered 
with  felled  timber,  no  alignment  could  be  kept ;  there  was  one  mad 
rush,  and  but  few  laggards.  Our  batteries  opened  with  every  gun, 
and  with  one  desultory  fire  we  carried  the  enemy's  lines  and  cap- 
tured over  a  hundred  prisoners  who  did  not  know  enough  English  to 
surrender. 

The  enemy's  camps  furnished  the  rations  we  failed  to  get  in  the 
morning,  and  the  old  regiment,  with  the  loss  of  one  field  officer  and 
thirty  men  killed  and  wounded,  stood  ready  the  next  day  to  still  far- 
ther tighten  the  cords  around  General  Butler's  lines  in  Bermuda  Hun- 
dreds. 

So  ends  my  article,  written  with  the  hope  of  its  meeting  the  eye  of 
some  old  soldier  of  the  Seventeenth,  or  comrades  of  other  commands 
to  whom  it  may  give  pleasure,  and  to  whom  the  events  narrated  may 
bring  up  the  stirring  times  of  the  past  and  cause  their  pulse  to  beat 
more  quickly  as  the  old  scenes  and  the  old  comrades  once  more  pass 
in  review.  To  the  survivors  of  my  old  regiment  now  widely  scat- 
tered, in  whose  faces  in  the  providence  of  God  I  may  never  look 
again,  I  would  like  to  express  how  much  their  confidence,  prompt 
obedience  in  many  emergencies,  and  their  friendship  and  sympathy, 
begotten  of  the  time,  have  brightened  many  an  hour  when  memory 
has  brought  up  again  those  grand  old  days  never  to  be  forgotten. 

Arthur  Herbert. 
Colonel  Commayiding  Seventeenth  Virginia  Infantry, 

Army  Northern  Virginia. 


General  Sherman's  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast— Address  Before  the 
Survivors'  Association  of  Augusta,  Ga.,  April  20th,   1884. 

By  Colonel  C.  C.  Jones,  Jr. 

Friends  and  Comrades  : 

When,  a  twelvemonth  since,  we  assembled  to  celebrate 
the  fifth  anniversary  of  our  Association  and  to  testify  our  loyal  ap- 
preciation of  the  holy  memories  which  appertain  to  this  Memorial 


Sherma7is  March  from  Attanta  to  the  Coast.  295 

Day,  the  shadows  of  the  great  griefs  caused  by  the  recent  deaths  of 
Governor  Alexander  H.  Stephens,  Vice-President  of  the  Confede- 
racy, and  of  Senator  Benjamin  H.  Hill,  who  during  the  Southern 
struggle  for  independence  had  been  a  close  friend  and  trusted  adviser 
of  President  Davis,  were  abroad  in  the  land.  And  now,  as  we  come 
together  to  revive  the  recollections  of  the  past  and  to  confirm  the 
ties  which  unite  us  in  the  present,  we  find  ourselves  encompassed  by 
kindred  sorrows. 

Since  our  last  annual  convocation  General  Josiah  Gorgas,  Chief  of 
Ordnance  of  the  Confederate  States,  whose  special  mission  it  was  to 
arm  for  the  war  and  to  supply  the  thunderbolts  of  battle,  has  taken 
his  chamber  in  those  voiceless  halls  where  are  never  heard  reverbera- 
tions from  the  ' '  fatal  cannon' s  womb ' '  and  the  din  of  contending  hosts. 
General  J.  F.  Gilmer,  Chief  Engineer  of  the  Confederacy,  and  an 
accomplished  officer,  but  a  few  months  since  passed  into  that  realm 

where 

*        *        "The  clang  of  steel, 
The  human  shout  and  cry. 
Are  silent." 

Only  a  little  while  agone  the  Hon.  John  Letcher,  war  Governor  of 
Virginia,  was  gathered  to  his  fathers;  and  of  those  who  were  fore- 
most in  the  armies  and  the  councils  of  the  Confederacy,  not  a  few 
are  hastening  rapidly  to  the  extreme  verge  of  human  life. 

In  our  own  Association  we  have  been  called  upon  to  mourn  the  de- 
mise of  our  beloved,  honored,  and  venerable  member.  Professor  L. 
D.  Ford,  M.  D.,  LL.  D.,  Surgeon  in  the  Confederate  army,  whose 
long,  useful,  and  patriotic  labors  were  crowned  by  a  peaceful  and 
triumphant  death.  The  memory  of  his  stainless  career,  of  his 
remarkable  professional  attainments,  and  of  his  medical  skill  and 
humane  ministrations  alike  in  peace  and  war,  abides  with  us  as  a 
precious  legacy.  Major  Samuel  H.  Crump,  of  the  Twelfth  Georgia 
infantry  battalion,  a  gallant  soldier,  a  true  friend,  and  an  upright, 
efficient  public  servant,  will  participate  no  more  in  these  earthly  re- 
unions. 

Our  comrades,  Robert  M.  Barnes,  private  Company  B,  Cobb's 
Legion,  Georgia  infantry;  John  Osley,  private  Company  E,  Eighth 
regiment  Georgia  infantry;  and  Dr.  Sterling  C.  Eve,  Assistant  Sur- 
geon in  Confederate  service,  and  an  esteemed  physician  in  this  com- 
munity, have  also  bade  us  a  long  farewell. 

On  this  Memorial  day,  consecrated  to  the  memory  of  our  Confede- 


296  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

rate  dead,  we  reverently  place  a  brother's  garland  upon  their  new- 
made  graves. 

"  On  Fame's  eternal  camping-ground 
Their  snowy  tents  are  spread, 
And  Glorj'  guards,  with  solemn  round. 
The  bivouac  of  the  dead." 

We  have  recently  adopted  a  badge,  the  possession  and  exhibition 
of  which  are  esteemed  by  us  all  not  only  as  an  honor,  but  as  a 
genuine  privilege.  It  is  in  the  form  of  a  shield,  bearing  upon  its 
upper  surface  the  word  "  Survivor."  Just  below  appear  the  historic 
letters  "  C.  S.  A."  On  the  right  and  left  of  the  centre  are  delineated 
in  realistic  colors  the  flag  of  the  Confederacy  and  the  battle  flag — 
symbols  at  once  of  national  entity  and  of  martial  renown — both  hal- 
lowed by  associations  the  most  patriotic  and  valorous.  On  the  one 
hand  is  inscribed  the  date  1861,  commemorating  the  commencement 
of  the  Confederate  struggle  for  independence,  and  on  the  other  the 
date  1865,  perpetuating  the  year  of  the  termination  of  the  war  be- 
tween the  States  and  the  surrender  of  the  Southern  armies.  Beneath 
the  intersection  of  the  staffs  of  the  flags  we  have  engraven  the  motto 
of  the  great  seal  of  the  Confederacy — Deo  Vindice.  With  these  words 
upon  our  lips,  we  confidently  appeal  from  the  arbitrament  of  the  sword 
to  the  forum  of  conscience  and  that  supreme  tribunal  where  justice  im- 
maculate and  eternal  sits  enthroned,  and,  thus  appealing,  solemnly 
protest  that  so  far  from  being  ' '  rebels  against  legitimate  authority  and 
traitors  to  their  country,"  all  loyal  Confederates  were  "lovers  of 
liberty,  combatants  for  constitutional  rights,  and,  as  exemplars  of 
heroic  virtue,  benefactors  of  their  race."  Nay,  more:  in  all  reve- 
rence and  fidelity  we  affirm  that  the  issue  furnished  only  a  physical 
solution  of  the  questions  involved  in  the  gigantic  endeavor;  that 
cannon  and  bayonet  never  did  and  never  can  compass  other  than  an 
arbitrary  award  in  matters  of  principle;  and  that  the  fundamental 
claims,  political  privileges,  and  vested  rights,  in  support  of  which 
the  Southern  people  expended  their  blood  and  treasure,  although 
disallowed,  denied  and  repressed  by  the  mailed  hand  of  superior 
force,  are,  in  a  moral  point  of  view,  undetermined  by  the  result  of 
the  contest. 

"  'Tis  a  cause,  not  the  fate  of  a  cause,  that  is  glorious."  ■ 

Symbol  of  a  past,  consecrated  by  aspirations  the  purest,  impulses 
the  most  patriotic,  sentiments  the  most  ennobling,  examples  of  valor, 


Sherman  s  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  297 

chivalry  and  loyalty  the  most  illustrious,  deeds  of  loftiest  emprise, 
and  privations  the  most  marvellous,  precious  indeed  is  this  badge  in 
our  eyes.  Sure  am  I  that  no  knight  of  St.  John  ever  exhibited  his 
Croix  de  Malthe  with  greater  pride,  or  survivor  of  our  primal  Revo- 
lution esteemed  in  higher  honor  his  Eagle  of  the  Order  of  Cincin- 
natus.  Wear  it  bravely  and  cherish  it  holily,  my  comrades,  for  the 
memories  which  it  perpetuates  are  sacred,  grand,  stainless,  pathetic, 
soul-inspiring,  and  far  beyond  the  reach  of  malediction  or  the 
"  rasure  of  oblivion." 

There  is  a  sad  chapter  in  the  history  of  Georgia,  which  has  been 
written  chiefly  by  those  who  made  light  of  her  afflictions,  laughed  at 
her  calamities,  gloated  over  her  losses,  and  lauded  her  spoilers.  An 
invasion  inaugurated  with  a  full  knowledge  of  her  weakness,  con- 
ceived largely  in  a  spirit  of  wanton  destruction,  conducted  in  many 
respects  in  manifest  violation  of  the  rules  of  civilized  warfare,  and 
compassed  in  the  face  of  feeble  resistance,  has  been  magnified  into  a 
grand  military  achievement  worthy  of  all  admiration.  The  easy 
march  of  a  well-appointed  army  of  more  than  sixty  thousand  men 
through  the  heart  of  a  State  abounding  in  all  supplies,  save  men  and 
materials  of  war,  and  at  the  most  delightful  season  of  the  year,  has 
been  so  talked  of  and  written  about  by  those  who  either  participated 
in  the  enterprise  or  sympathized  with  its  leaders  and  objects,  that 
multitudes  have  come  to  regard  this  holiday  excursion  as  a  triumph 
of  consummate  military  skill  and  valor — as  one  of  the  most  wonder- 
ful exploits  in  the  history  of  modern  warfare.  That  this  impression 
is  not  only  exaggerated,  but  also  positively  erroneous,  is  capable  of 
easy  demonstration. 

"  Until  we  can  repopulate  Georgia,  it  is  useless  to  occupy  it  ;  but 
the  utter  destruction  of  its  roads,  houses,  and  people,  will  cripple 
their  military  resources.  By  attempting  to  hold  the  roads  we  will 
lose  a  thousand  men  monthly,  and  will  gain  no  result.  I  can  make 
the  march  and   make  Georgia  howl.  *  *  *  ^  * 

Hood  may  turn  into  Tennessee  and  Kentucky,  but  I  believe  he  will 
be  forced  to  follow  me.  Instead  of  being  on  the  defensive  I  would 
be  on  the  offensive.  Instead  of  guessing  at  what  he  means,  he  would 
have  to  guess  at  my  plans.  The  difference,  in  war  is  full  twenty-five 
per  cent.  I  can  make  Savannah,  Charleston,  or  the  mouth  of  the 
Chattahoochie.  /  prefer  to  inarch  through  Georgia,  smashing 
things  to  the  sea.'' ' 

So  wrote  Major-General  Sherman,  from  Atlanta,  to  Lieutenant- 
General  Grant.     That  officer  having  sanctioned  the  proposed  move- 


298  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ment,  and  indicated  a  preference  for  Savannah  as  the  objective  point 
of  the  campaign,  General  Sherman,  about  the  middle  of  November, 
1864,  put  his  columns  in  motion  for  their  march  of  spoliation  and 
devastation  through  the  heart  of  Georgia.  The  ' '  smashing ' '  oper- 
ation of  this  modern  Alaric  was  fairly  inaugurated  by  the  wanton, 
merciless,  and  almost  total  destruction  of  the  cities  of  Atlanta  and 
Rome. 

For  the  purposes  of  the  incursion  the  Federal  army  was  divided 
into  two  wings  ;  the  right — commanded  by  Major-General  O.  O. 
Howard — comprising  the  Fifteenth  corps,  under  Major- General  P. 
J.  Osterhaus,  and  the  Seventeenth  corps,  under  Major-General 
Frank  P.  Blair,  Jr.,  and  the  left,  under  Major-General  H.  W.  Slo- 
cum,  consisting  of  the  Fourteenth  corps,  brevet  Major-General  J. 
C.  Davis,  and  the  Twentieth  corps,  Brigadier-General  A.  S.  Wil- 
liams. This  infantry  force  of  fifty-five  thousand  men,  was  accompa- 
nied by  a  cavalry  division  numbering  fifty-five  hundred  sabres,  com- 
manded by  Brigadier-General  Judson  Kilpatrick.  There  was  an 
allowance  of  about  one  field-piece  to  every  thousand  men,  aggre- 
gating between  sixty-five  and  seventy  guns,  fully  manned  and  thor- 
oughly equipped.  A  pontoon  train  was  assigned  to  each  wing  of  the 
army,  and  an  efficient  pioneer  battalion  organized  for  each  corps. 
The  entire  command  was  amply  provided  with  good  wagon  trains, 
loaded  with  ammunition  and  carrying  supplies  approximating  forty 
days'  rations  of  bread,  sugar  and  coffee,  a  double  allowance  of  salt 
for  the  same  period,  and  grain  forage  for  three  days.  Beef  cattle, 
sufficient  for  forty  days'  subsistence,  attended  the  army.  No  equip- 
ment was  lacking  which  could  in  anywise  enhance  the  comfort,  power 
and  efficiency  of  this  formidable  expedition.  Acquainted  with  the 
character  of  the  country  through  which  his  route  lay,  and  aware  of 
the  fact  that  he  would  meet  with  an  abundance  of  provisions  and 
forage  everywhere,  General  Sherman  anticipated  little  difficulty  in 
subsisting  his  troops.  At  this  season  of  the  year  plantation  barns 
were  filled  with  newly-gathered  harvest.  Corn,  peas,  fodder,  sweet 
potatoes,  syrup,  hogs,  cattle,  mules  and  horses  were  to  be  expected 
without  stint.  The  recent  movement  of  General  Hood,  ill-advised 
and  pregnant  with  disaster,  left  the  State  of  Georgia  fairly  open  to  a 
Federal  advance.  She  was  destitute  of  offering  substantial  resist- 
ance. Few  troops  remained  within  her  confines  to  dispute  Sher- 
man's passage  to  the  coast.  Such  were  the  physical  peculiarities  of 
the  country,  that  there  existed  only  occasional  and  partial  obstacles 
to  a  rapid  and  successful  march  ;  none  which  could  not  be  readily 


Sherman's  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  299 

overcome  by  the  pontoon  trains  and  pioneer  corps  with  which  the 
Federal  army  was  supplied.  For  his  rear  Sherman  entertained  no 
reasonable  fears,  because  the  forces  of  General  Thomas  were  an  over- 
match for  General  Hood's  advancing  columns.  Under  no  possible 
circumstances  could  Sherman  have  been  overtaken  by  Hood,  had 
the  latter  abandoned  his  plans  and  started  in  pursuit.  Nor  was  there 
any  likelihood  of  his  encountering  serious  opposition  from  the  Con- 
federates in  his  front.  They  were  far  too  weak  to  do  more  than 
skirmish  in  a  desultory  manner  with  his  powerful  army  of  invasion. 
Enveloped  by  an  ample  guard  of  cavalry,  and  presenting  a  front  va- 
rying from  thirty  to  sixty  miles  in  extent  during  their  sweeping 
march  toward  the  Atlantic,  the  Federal  General  readily  perceived 
that  his  columns  could  speedily  overcome  any  local  interruptions  and 
partial  hindrances  which  might  be  attempted  by  newly  organized  and 
feeble  bodies  of  citizen  soldiery  hastily  assembled  for  the  defense  of 
their  immediate  homes.  At  best  there  were,  in  the  interior  of  the 
State,  only  old  men  and  boys  to  shoulder  their  fowling-pieces  and 
dipute  the  passage  of  swamps.  General  Lee,  sore-pressed  in  Vir- 
ginia, could  not  spare  from  his  depleted  ranks  a  single  battle-scarred 
brigade  for  the  emergency.  A  reinforcement  of  seventy-five  thou- 
sand men  would  not  have  placed  him  in  position  to  have  coped,  man 
for  man,  with  the  ever-multiplying  hosts  marshalled  under  the  bloody 
banners  of  Grant.  Such  was  the  posture  of  affairs  at  Wilmington. 
Charleston,  Savannah,  Mobile,  and  elsewhere,  that  no  disposable 
troops  could  be  found  with  which  to  form  even  a  tolerable  army  of 
observation.  General  Hood,  as  we  have  intimated,  was  now  so  far 
removed  from  the  scene  of  action  that  no  change  in  his  plans  would 
necessitate  the  postponement  of  the  proposed  advance.  The  once 
puissant  armies  of  the  Confederacy  were  sadly  reduced  by  sickness, 
poverty,  wounds  and  death.  Tens  of  thousands  of  her  bravest  sons 
had  been  gathered  to  their  patriot  graves,  and  there  were  none  to 
stand  in  their  places.  Her  treasures  and  supplies  of  every  kind  were 
well-nigh  exhausted,  and  no  helping  hand  was  outstretched  in  that 
hour  of  supreme  need.  Whole  departments  did  not  comprise  within 
their  limits  troops  requisite  for  the  defence  of  a  sub-district.  Isola- 
ted in  position  and  cut  off  from  all  avenues  of  succor,  each  drop  of 
shed  blood  flowed  from  her  single  arm,  every  feather  which  warmed 
and  sheltered  her  offspring  was  plucked  from  her  own  breast. 

Lieutenant-Cieneral  E.  Kirby  Smith,  commanding  the  Trans-Miss- 
issippi  Department,   was  capable  of  no  demonstrations  which  would 


300  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

compel  the  recall  of  the  formidable  reinforcements  hastening^  to  the 
relief  of  General  Thomas.  Such  was  the  scarcity  of  troops  in  Alabama 
and  Mississippi,  that  Lietenant-General  Richard  Taylor  could  de- 
tach but  a  handful  in  aid  of  Generals  Cobb  and  Smith,  who,  with 
the  Georgia  State  forces,  were  concentrated  in  the  vicinity  of  Griffin. 
Lieutenant- General  Hardee  could  muster  forces  barely  sufficient  to 
constitute  respectable  garrisons  for  the  tixed  batteries  on  the  coasts 
of  Georgia  and  South  Carolina.  General  Beauregard  looked  in  vain 
throughout  the  length  and  breadth  of  his  extensive  military  division 
of  the  West  for  the  means  of  effectual  resistance,  and  was  disap- 
pointed in  the  amount  of  assistance  which  he  hoped  to  realize  from  the 
militia,  home  guards  and  reserves  of  the  respective  States  embraced 
within  the  geograpical  limits  of  his  command. 

By  carefully  concealing  his  objective,  and,  with  the  heavy  masses 
at  command,  by  well-conceived  feints  cloaking  his  real  designs,  Gen- 
eral Sherman  readily  conjectured  that  the  small  army  of  observation 
which  the  Confederates  might  bring  into  the  field  would  be  so  divided 
in  the  effort  to  defend  various  and  important  points,  widely  removed 
the  one  from  the  other,  that  unity  of  action  would  become  quite  dif- 
ficult. For  the  same  reason  the  chances  of  his  encountering  any- 
thing like  formidable  resistance  were  well-nigh  dissipated. 

At  the  outset,  the  cavalry  corps  of  Major-General  Joseph  Wheeler, 
and  the  Georgia  State  troops  under  the  command  of  Major- Generals 
Howell  Cobb  and  Gustavus  W.  Smith  constituted  almost  the  only 
opposing  forces  on  the  Confederate  side. 

The  season  of  the  year  selected  for  the  movement  was  most  pro- 
pitious ;  just  the  period  of  invigorating  airs  and  delightful  autumnal 
suns,  of  clear  skies  and  bracing  frosty  mornings,  of  firm  roads  and 
abounding  health.  The  stock  upon  the  plantations,  now  in  fine  con- 
dition, could  be  relied  on  to  supply  any  lack  of  transportation. 

As,  more  than  three  hundred  years  before,  the  Spanish  Adelan- 
tado  in  his  quest  for  treasure  compelled  the  red  men  of  this  region 
to  bear  the  burdens  of  his  command  while  despoiling  the  homes  and 
graves  of  the  sons  of  the  forest,  in  like  manner  did  it  enter  into  the 
calculations  of  these  modern  expeditionists  to  utilize  the  negroes 
found  on  the  plantations  adjacent  to  the  line  of  march  by  compelling 
them  to  accompany  the  columns  and  assist  in  transporting  the  booty 
which  was  to  be  collected  on  every  side  at  the  hands  of  unprotected 
women,  fatherless  children,  and  decrepit  old  men. 

In  all  fairness,  therefore,  this  vaunted  undertaking  of  General  Sher- 


Sherman's  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  301 

man  might  well  have  been  characterized,  in  advance,  as  a  holiday 
excursion  on  a  gigantic  military  scale,  and  not  as  a  martial  enter- 
prise involving  exposures,  dangers,  and  uncertainties. 

Having  completed  his  preliminary  arrangements,  General  Sher- 
man, on  the  morning  of  the  15th  of  November,  1864,  put  his  right 
wing,  accompanied  by  Kilpatrick's  cavalry,  in  motion  in  the  direc- 
tion of  Jonesboro  and  McDonough,  with  orders  to  make  a  strong 
feint  on  Macon,  cross  the  Ocmulgee  about  Planter's  Mills,  and  ren- 
dezvous in  the  neighborhood  of  Gordon  in  seven  days,  exclusive  of 
the  day  of  march.  The  same  day  General  Slocum  moved  with  the 
Twentieth  Corps  by  Decatur  and  Stone  Mountain,  with  instructions 
to  tear  up  the  railroad  from  Social  Circle  to  Madison,  burn  the  rail- 
road bridge  across  the  Oconee  east  of  Madison,  and,  turning  south, 
reach  Milledgeville  on  the  seventh  day,  exclusive  of  the  day  of  march. 
General  Sherman  left  Atlanta  on  the  i6th  in  company  with  the  Four- 
teenth Corps,  brevet  Major-General  Jeff.  C.  Davis  commanding,  and 
moving  by  way  of  Lithonia,  Covington,  and  Shady  Dale,  advanced 
directly  on  Milledgeville. 

By  the  23d  General  Slocum  was  occupying  Milledgeville  and  the 
bridge  across  the  Oconee,  and  Generals  Howard  and  Kilpatrick  had 
massed  their  troops  in  and  around  Gordon. 

Promptly  advised  by  Major-General  Wheeler  of  the  Federal  move- 
ment. General  Beauregard,  then  in  command  of  the  military  division 
of  the  West,  ordered  a  concentration  of  all  available  forces,  with  a 
view  to  an  interruption  of  General  Sherman's  march.  He  also  sug- 
gested to  General  Hood  the  necessity  for  immediate  and  continued 
offensive  operations  in  the  hope  of  distracting  the  enemy's  advance. 
"Adopt  the  Fabian  system."  Thus  did  he  telegraph  to  the  Con- 
federate General  officers  commanding  in  Georgia.  ' '  Do  not  run  the 
risk  of  losing  your  active  forces  and  guns,  available  for  the  field,  to 
hold  any  one  place  or  position,  but  harrass  at  all  points." 

The  General  Assembly  being  in  session  at  Milledgeville,  then  the 
capital  of  the  State,  in  acknowledgment  of  the  imminent  danger,  and 
in  earnest  effort  to  compass  the  protection  of  the  Commonwealth,  on 
the  1 8th  of  November,  1864,  passed  an  act  authorizing  a  levy,  r« 
masse,  of  the  population  of  Georgia  for  the  preservation  of  her  liber- 
ty and  independence 

So  rapid,  however,  was  the  progress  of  the  Federal  columns,  so 
strong  were  they,  and  so  wide  a  front,  completely  enveloped  by  Kil- 
patrick's cavalry,  did  they  present  in  their  sweeping  march  toward 
the   coast,    that  no   Confederate   forces    sufficient   to   dispute  their 


302  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

passage,  or  powerful  enough  to  administer  even  a  moderate  check, 
could  be  accumulated  in  their  path.  Roads  were  indeed  blockaded, 
and  bridges  destroyed  at  important  points,  but  these  obstacles  were 
quickly  removed  by  pioneer  corps,  and  crossings  speedily  re-estab- 
lished through  the  intervention  of  convenient  pontoon  trains.  Con- 
stant and  heavy  was  the  skirmishing  maintained  between  the  Con- 
federate cavalry,  commanded  by  Major-General  Joseph  Wheeler, 
and  the  Federal  cavalry,  led  by  Brigadier-General  Judson  Kilpat- 
rick.  Sometimes  affairs  of  moment  transpired  which  might  be 
almost  classed  as  hotly-contested  battles.  Among  these  will  be 
specially  remembered  the  encounters  near  Sandersville,  at  Waynes- 
boro', and  near  Buckhead  Creek.  "My  force,"  says  General 
Wheeler,  "never  exceeded  3,500  men,  and  was  so  distributed  in 
front,  rear,  and  on  both  flanks  that  I  seldom  had  more  than  2,000 
under  my  immediate  command,  which  2,000  frequently  charged  and 
routed  more  than  double  their  numbers.  The  enemy  had  been 
falsely  informed  by  their  officers  that  we  took  no  prisoners,  which 
caused  them  to  fight  with  desperation  and  to  run  very  dangerous 
gauntlets  to  escape  capture,  which  frequently  accounts  for  the  large 
proportion  of  killed." 

And  now,  my  comrades,  much  as  I  desire  to  do  so,  time  will  not 
permit  me  to  enter  upon  a  detailed  account  of  the  Federal  demon- 
stration against  Macon;  of  the  battle  of  Griswoldville,  which,  while 
it  reflected  great  credit  upon  the  gallantry  of  the  Confederate  and 
State  forces  engaged,  in  no  wise  crippled  the  movements  of  the  ene- 
my, and  entailed  upon  us  a  loss  which,  under  the  circumstances, 
was  unnecessary  and  utterly  unproductive  of  any  good;  of  the  stub- 
born tenure  of  the  Oconee  bridge;  of  the  resistance  offered  at  Mil- 
ieu, at  No.  ^yi  on  the  Central  railroad,  and  at  Montieth,  until  these 
defensive  lines  were  consecutively  abandoned  under  heavy  pressure 
by  the  overmastering  United  States  columns;  or  of  the  rapid  trans- 
fer of  the  Georgia  State  forces  to  Grahamville,  in  South  Carolina,  in 
the  vicinity  of  which  town,  on  the  30th  of  November,  1864,  a  noble 
battle  was  fought,  which  resulted  in  the  effectual  and  bloody  repulse 
of  a  Federal  army,  under  General  Hatch,  seeking  to  sever  the  rail- 
way communication  between  the  cities  of  Charleston  and  Savannah. 

This  victory  at  Honey  Hill  relieved  the  city  of  Savannah  from  an 
impending  danger  which,  had  it  not  been  thus  averted,  would  have 
necessitated  its  immediate  evacuation  under  perilous  conditions, 
maintained  the  only  line  of  communication  by  which  reinforcements 
were  expected  for  the  relief  of  the  commercial  metropolis  of  Georgia, 


Sherman's  March  froni  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  303 

and  finally  afforded  an  avenue  of  retreat  when,  three  weeks  after- 
wards, its  garrison,  unable  to  cope  longer  with  the  enveloping 
legions  of  Sherman,  evacuated  that  city.  In  acknowledgement  of 
the  gallantry,  patriotism,  and  distinguished  services  of  General  Gus- 
tavus  W.  Smith  and  his  command  in  this  brilliant  affair  the  General 
Assembly  of  Georgia  on  the  9th  of  March,  1865,  passed  the  most 
complimentary  resolutions.  In  this  memorable  and  successful  en- 
gagement the  Augusta  battalion,  under  the  command  of  our  com- 
rade. Major  George  T.  Jackson,  bore  a  conspicuous  and  most 
efficient  part. 

Although  every  eifort  had  been  exhausted  in  concentrating  the 
largest  force  for  the  defence  of  Savannah,  such  was  the  pressure 
upon  the  Confederacy,  and  so  few  were  the  troops  capable  of  trans- 
fer from  other  points,  that  at  the  inception  and  during  the  progress 
of  the  siege  not  more  than  10,000  men  fit  for  duty  could  be  depended 
upon  for  the  tenure  of  the  newly-constructed  western  lines  extend- 
ing from  the  Savannah  river  at  Williamson's  plantation  to  the  At- 
lantic and  Gulf  Railway  bridge  across  the  Little  Ogeechee.  Georgia 
reserves  and  State  militia  constituted  nearly  one-half  of  this  army. 

The  forts  and  fixed  batteries  commanding  the  water  approaches 
to  the  city  were  well  supplied  with  ammunition,  guns,  and  artillerists. 
Against  these  works  the  naval  forces  of  the  enemy,  in  anticipation 
of  the  advent  of  General  Sherman,  were  preparing  to  demonstrate 
heavily. 

By  the  afternoon  of  the  9th  of  December,  1864,  the  Confederate 
garrison  was  in  position  along  the  western  line,  and  on  the  fol- 
lowing day  the  Federals  closed  in  upon  our  field  works  covering  the 
land  approaches  to  the  city  of  Savannah.  With  this  date  com- 
mences the  siege,  a  history  of  which  lies  not  within  the  compass  of 
this  hour. 

A  few  words  more,  touching  the  conduct  of  the  Federals  during 
this  vaunted  march  of  Gen.  Sherman  from  Atlanta  to  the  sea,  and 
I  will,  my  friends,  trespass  no  longer  upon    your  patience. 

After  alluding  to  the  almost  total  demolition  of  the  Central  Rail- 
road from  Gordon  to  Savannah,  and  the  partial  destruction  of  the 
Macon  and  Western,  the  Augusta  and  Waynesboro,  the  Charleston 
and  Savannah,  and  the  Atlantic  and  Gulf  Railways,  Gen.  Sherman, 
in  his  official  report,  says  :  ' '  We  have  also  consumed  the  corn  and 
fodder  in  the  region  of  country  thirty  miles  on  either  side  of  a  line 
from  Atlanta  to  Savannah,  as  also  the  sweet  potatoes,  cattle,  hogs, 
sheep  and  poultry,  and  have  carried  away  more  than  ten  thousand 


304  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

horses  and  mules,  as  well  as  a  countless  number  of  their  slaves.  I 
estimate  the  damage  done  to  the  State  of  Georgia  and  its  military- 
resources  at  one  hundred  millions  of  dollars  ;  at  least  twenty  millions 
of  which  have  inured  to  our  advantage,  and  the  remainder  is  simple 
waste  and  destruction."* 

Contrast  this  official  confession  with  the  address  of  Major-General 
Early  to  the  citizens  of  York,  when  his  invading  columns  were  pass- 
ing over  Pennsylvania  soil:  "I  have  abstained  from  burning  the 
railroad  buildings  and  car  shops  in  your  town  because,  after  ex- 
amination, I  am  satisfied  that  the  safety  of  the  town  would  be  en- 
dangered. Acting  in  the  spirit  of  humanity  which  has  ever  cha- 
racterized my  government  and  its  military  authorities,  I  do  not 
desire  to  involve  the  innocent  in  the  same  punishment  with  the 
guilty.  Had  I  applied  the  torch  without  regard  to  consequences,  I 
would  have  pursued  a  course  which  would  have  been  fully  vindicated 
as  an  act  of  just  retaliation  for  the  unparalleled  acts  of  brutality 
perpetrated  by  your  own  army  on  our  own  soil.  But  we  do  not 
war  upon  women  and  children." 

Compare  General  Orders  No.  72  of  the  immortal  Lee — redolent, 
even  amid  the  smoke  and  carnage  of  the  hottest  warfare,  of  exalted 
civilization  and  generous  humanity — with  the  atrocious  proclama- 
tions of  General  Butler  or  the  vandal  acts  of  Sheridan,  and  then 
listen  to  the  words  of  Polybius,  spoken  when  the  world  was  two 
thousand  years  younger  than  it  now  is,  and  uttered  not  in  the  tone 
of  passion  and  hate  so  rife  in  his  day,  but  in  inculcation  of  the 
soundest  lessons  of  political  and  moral  wisdom  :  "When  men  pro- 
ceed to  wreak  their  fury  on  senseless  objects,  whose  destruction  will 
neither  be  of  advantage  to  themselves  nor  in  the  slightest  degree 
disable  their  opponent  from  carrying  on  the  war,  especially  if  they 
burn  the  temples  of  the  gods,  destroy  their  statues,  and  waste  their 
ornamental  furniture,  what  else  can  we  say  of  such  proceedings  ex- 
cept that  they  are  the  acts  of  men  devoid  of  all  feelings  of  pro- 
priety, and  infected  by  frenzy  ?  For  it  is  in  no  way  the  object  of  war, 
at  least  among  men  who  have  just  notions  of  their  duty,  to  an- 
nihilate and  utterly  subvert  those  from  whom  they  may  have  re- 
ceived provocation,  but  to  induce  them  to  amend  that  in  which  they 
acted  amiss  ;  not  to  involve  the  innocent  and  guilty  in  one  common 
ruin,  but  rather  to  save  them  both.     We  may  also  observe  that  it  is 

*The  total  value,  at  this  time,  and  upon  a  specie  basis,  of  the  ta.xable 
property  in  Georgia,  including  lands  and  slaves,  did  not  exceed  11650,000,000. 


Sherman's  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  305 

the  act  of  a  tyrant  only,  who  hates  and  is  hated   by  his  subjects,  to 
exact  by  force  and  terror  a  reluctant  and  unwilling  obedience." 

While  it  is  admitted  that  the  chief  of  an  army  may  levy  contri- 
butions on  the  enemy's  country  in  order  to  compass  the  maintenance 
of  his  troops  ;  while  he  may  forage  for  corn,  hay  and  provisions 
when  circumstances  render  it  impossible  to  proceed  in  the  regular 
way  of  taxation  ;  it  is  absolutely  obligatory  upon  a  commander, 
who  is  actuated  by  sentiments  of  honor  and  observes  the  recognized 
rules  of  civilized  warfare,  that  he  take  from  the  enemy  "only  what 
he  strictly  wants,"  and  that  he  adopt  all  possible  means  to  prevent 
extortion  or  personal  violence  at  the  hands  of  his  subordinate.  "He 
is  guilty  of  revolting  cruelty  who  permits  his  soldiers  to  put  in- 
habitants of  a  belligerent  nation  to  torture  or  otherwise  subject  them 
to  bad  treatment  to  force  them  to  disclose  the  places  where  their 
wealth  or  provisions  are  concealed.  Nothing  may  be  taken  as  per- 
sonal booty.  Excepting  the  cases  of  taxation,  contribution,  or 
absolute  necessity,"  international  law  commands  that  all  property, 
personal  or  real,  belonging  to  individuals,  be  scrupulously  respected. 
Any  infraction  of  that  rule  must  be  punished  as  pillage  or  maraud- 
ing- 
Tested  by  these  accepted  rules  of  civilized  warfare,  the  conduct  of 

General  Sherman's  army,  and  particularly  of  Kilpatrick's  cavalry 
and  the  numerous  detached  parties  swarming  through  the  country 
in  advance  and  on  the  flanks  of  the  main  columns  during  the  march 
from  Atlanta  to  the  coast,  is  reprehensible  in  the  extreme.  Not  con- 
tent with  the  violent  and  inordinate  destruction  of  everything  which 
might  be  regarded  as  even  remotely  contributing  to  the  military 
strength  and  resources  of  the  country,  and  not  satisfied  with  the  ap- 
propriation of  such  animals  and  provisions  as  were  necessary  for  the 
efficiency  and  maintenance  of  the  army,  the  Federals  indulged  in 
wanton  pillage,  wasting  and  destroying  what  could  not  be  used. 
Defenseless  women  and  children,  and  weak  old  men  were  not  infre- 
quently driven  from  their  homes,  their  dwellings  fired,  and  these  non- 
combatants  subjected  to  insult  and  privation.  The  inhabitants,  white 
and  black,  were  often  robbed  of  their  personal  effects,  were  intimi- 
dated by  threats  and  temporary  confinement,  and  occasionally  were 
even  hung  up,  to  the  verge  of  final  strangulation,  to  compel  a  revela- 
tion of  the  places  where  money,  plate,  and  jewelry  were  buried,  or 
plantation  animals  concealed.  Private  residences  along  the  line  of 
march  were  not  exempt  from  rude  search  and  the  application  ol  the 
torch.  Articles  of  value  which  they  contained  were  carried  off  at 
2 


306  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

pleasure,  and  insults  continually  offered.  Corn  cribs  emptied  of  so 
much  of  their  contents  as  sufficed  to  fill  the  commissary  wagons, 
were  often  either  pulled  to  pieces  or  committed  to  the  flames.  Cot- 
ton-houses, gins,  screws,  and  cotton  were  universally  consumed. 
Agricultural  implements  were  broken  up  or  carried  away,  and 
horses,  mules,  cattle,  and  hogs  were  either  driven  off,  shot  in  the 
fields,  or  uselessly  butchered  in  the  pens  and  lots.  Such  was  the 
wholesale  destruction  of  animal  life  that  the  region  stank  with  putre- 
fying carcasses.  Earth  and  air  were  filled  with  innumerable  turkey 
buzzards  battening  upon  their  thickly  strewn  death  feasts.  Even 
churches  did  not  escape  the  general  wreck — their  wooden  benches, 
doors,  and  sides  being  used  for  camp-fires,  and  their  pulpits  stripped 
of  their  scanty  vesture.  Grist,  flour,  and  sugar  mills  shared  in  the 
common  ruin.  Labor  was  sadly  disorganized,  and  the  entire  region 
swept  by  the  Federal  columns  was  left  in  poverty,  ruin,  demoraliza- 
tion, and  ashes.  To  repress  the  commission  of  these  enormities  and 
prevent  this  prodigal  and  unwarrantable  waste,  effort  was  seldom 
used  or  disposition  manifested  by  subordinate  officers.  Soldiers 
often  vied  with  each  other  in  acts  of  violence,  insult,  outrage^  pillage, 
desolation,  and  murder. 

These  intolerable  violations  of  the  rules  of  civilized  warfare  are,  by 
the  commanding  General  when,  in  the  official  report  to  which  we 
have  already  referred,  commenting  upon  the  conduct  of  the  rank 
and  file  of  his  army,  cavalierly  dismissed  with  the  remark,  ' '  a  little 
loose  in  foraging,  they  did  some  things  they  ought  not  to  have  done, 
yet,  on  the  whole,  they  have  supplied  the  wants  of  the  army  with  as 
little  violence  as  could  be  expected,  and  as  little  loss  as  I  calculated." 
This  General  complacently  and  boastfully  announces  to  his  govern- 
ment that  eighty  million  dollars'  worth  of  the  property  destroyed  in 
Georgia  by  his  army  while  on  this  march  was  "simple  waste  and 
destruction,"  in  no  wise  contributing  to  the  wants  of  the  invader, 
but  plunging  the  unarmed  invaded  in  a  sea  of  sorrow,  tribulation, 
and  ruin.  The  picture  is  not  overdrawn,  and  this  march  of  Sher- 
man through  the  heart  of  Georgia  forms  as  memorable  and  mourn- 
ful an  epoch  in  the  history  of  this  State  as  in  Roman  annals  does  the 
passage  of  the  victorious  Goths,  encumbered  with  weighty  spoils, 
through  the  southern  provinces  of  Italy,  annihilating  whatever  op- 
posed, and  madly  plundering  an  unresisting  country.  The  key  note 
to  the  conduct  of  the  whole  campaign  is  sounded  in  the  letter  to 
General  Grant  from  which  we  quoted  at  the  commencement  of  this 
address.     General  Sherman  set  out  to  ' '  make  Georgia  howl, ' '  and 


Sherman's  March  from  Atlanta  to  the  Coast.  30T 

preferred  to  "  march  through  that  State  smashing  things  to  the  sea." 
Unfortunately  for  the  prosperity  of  Georgia,  the  good  order  of  her 
plantations,  and  the  peace  of  her  defenseless  women  and  children,  he 
was  able,  almost  unmolested,  to  carry  into  merciless  execution  this 
intention  so  ruthlessly  formed.  That  he  could  thus  easily  compass 
the  desolation  of  this  Egypt  of  the  South  argued  most  plainly  the 
growing  weakness  of  the  Confederacy — sore  pressed  at  all  points, 
isolated  on  every  hand,  overwhelmed  by  numbers,  and  despoiled  of 
her  defenders — and  gave  painful  token  that  the  aspirations  which  her 
sons  had  cherished  in  tears,  agony,  and  blood,  for  right  and  liberty 
and  independence,  were  doomed  to  early  disappointment. 

The  student  of  history  searching  among  the  annals  of  modern 
warfare  for  examples  of  moderation,  humanity,  justice,  honor,  and  a 
chivalrous  recognition  of  the  rights  of  an  enemy,  will  turn  with  re- 
gret and  disappointment  from  the  pages  containing  a  true  narrative 
of  "Sherman's  March  to  the  Sea." 

It  really  seems  as  if  the  Federal  General  on  this  occasion  sought 
to  rival  the  conduct  of  Prevost  when,  in  1779,  he  raided  through  the 
richest  plantations  of  South  Carolina.  Behold  the  picture  painted 
by  the  historian,  Bancroft  :  ' '  The  British  forced  their  way  into  al- 
most every  house  in  a  wide  extent  of  country  ;  sparing  in  some 
measure  those  who  professed  loyalty  to  the  king,  they  rifled  all  others 
of  the  money,  rings,  personal  ornaments  and  plate,  stripped  houses 
of  furniture  and  linen,  and  even  broke  open  tombs  in  search  of  hid- 
den treasure.  Objects  of  value,  not  transportable  by  land  or  water, 
were  destroyed.  Porcelain,  mirrors,  windows,  were  dashed  in  pieces, 
gardens  carefully  planted  with  exotics  were  laid  waste,  domestic 
animals,  which  could  not  be  used  or  carried  off,  were  wantonly  shot, 
and  in  some  places  not  even  a  chicken  was  left  alive.  *  *  Fugi- 
tive slaves  perished  of  want  in  the  woods,  or  of  fever  in  the  British 
camp.  "* 

The  enormities  of  1779  committed  by  the  British  soldiers  in  their 
effort  to  perpetuate  English  rule  over  a  colony  then  in  open  revolt 
against  the  Crown  which  had  planted  and  nurtured  it,  were  more 
than  repeated  by  the  United  States  troops  in  their  attempt  in  1S64 
to  subjugate  and  drive  back  into  the  Federal  Union  a  sovereign  State 
which  had  withdrawn  from  a  political  compact  into  which  she  at  first 
voluntarily  entered,  and  from  which,  more  than  three  years  before, 

*"  History  of  the  United  States,"  vol.  x,  p.  294,  Boston,  1874. 


308  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

she  had  freed  herself  because,  in  her  judgment,  that  Confederation 
no  longer  promoted  the  ends  of  justice,  the  equal  rights,  general 
benefit,  and  mutual  protection  for  which  it  was  originally  formed. 
If  we  unhesitatingly  reprobate  the  rigor,  revenge  and  cruelty  of  the 
royalist,  Prevost,  by  what  law,  human  or  divine,  do  the  raiding,  de- 
vastating columns  of  the  Republican  Sherman  stand  acquitted  of 
even  severer  condemnation  ? 

It  has  been  estimated  that  not  less  than  ten  thousand  negro  slaves 
were  seduced  from  their  allegiance  by  the  Federals  in  their  march 
through  the  Georgia  plantations.  Hundreds  of  them  died  of  want, 
small-pox,  and  other  diseases  incident  to  neglect,  privation,  and  the 
lack  of  suitable  shelter  and  clothing.  More  than  twenty  thousand 
bales  of  cotton  were  consumed  in  gin-houses  and  sheds,  and  some 
twenty-five  thousand  more  were  seized  in  Savannah  after  that  city  was 
evacuated  by  the  Confederates.  In  their  official  returns  the  United 
States  officers  account  for  thirteen  thousand  head  of  cattle,  nine  mil- 
lion five  hundred  thousand  pounds  of  corn,  and  ten  million  five 
hundred  thousand  pounds  of  fodder  taken  from  planters  and  issued 
to  the  troops  and  animals,  but  make  no  mention  of  horses  and  mules 
stolen  ad  libitum,  or  of  the  stock,  cattle,  hogs,  sheep,  and  poultry 
killed  on  every  hand  and  in  the  most  irregular  way  to  satisfy  the 
wasteful  appetite  of  prowling  bands  of  bummers  and  freebooters, 
and,  when  that  was  glutted,  uselessly  shot  in  yards,  pens,  and  fields 
of  the  owners  and  by  the  road-side  to  gratify  wanton  sport,  barbaric 
cruelty,  and  ribald  hate.  Of  the  consumption  of  rice,  sweet  pota- 
toes, syrup,  peas,  and  vegetables,  of  the  destruction  of  houses, 
furniture,  fences  and  agricultural  implements,  of  the  quantity  of  per- 
sonal property  stolen  and  carried  away,  of  the  insults  offered,  the 
outrages  perpetrated,  and  the  crimes  indulged  in,  no  inventory  has 
been  taken. 

The  record  exists  however,  and  may  be  authenticated  by  thou- 
sands upon  whose  homes  the  shadows  of  dire  calamity  descended 
like  the  black  vapors  of  hell.  We  quarrel  not  with  the  legitimate 
hardships  of  war,  but  in  the  name  of  humanity  and  civilization,  we 
do  protest  against  the  wanton  waste,  the  unnecessary  ruin,  and  the 
unjustifiable  cruelties  inflicted  upon  Georgia  by  this  expedition,  led 
by  an  officer  whose  published  order  to  his  command  was:  "The 
army  will  forage  liberally  on  the  country  during  the  march." 

As  a  military  movement  this  expedition  can  be  justified  only  upon 
the  hypothesis  that  it  was  planned  and  conducted  with  full  knowledge 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  309 

of  the  weakness  of  the  Confederates.  It  reached  its  objective  be- 
cause General  Beauregard  could  summon  to  the  field  not  even  a 
tolerable  army  of  opposition.  That  it  was  not  intercepted  in  its  pro- 
gress, and  totally  defeated  in  its  execution,  must  be  attributed  to 
accident — to  the  utter  inability  of  the  Confederates  to  concentrate  a 
force  sufficiently  strong  to  deliver  battle  along  the  line  of  march. 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina. 

By  Professor  F   A.  Porcher. 

Paper  No.  4. 

joint  discussions. 


I  have  dwelt  the  longer  on  this  riot  because  it  was  the  first  in  a  series 
of  riots  which  gave  a  character  to  the  election  contest  which  was  at 
hand  ;  because  it  was  greedily  received  by  Northern  Republicans, 
and  dinned  into  the  ear  of  excitable  masses  willing  to  believe  any- 
thing discreditable  to  the  South,  and  because  of  the  character  and 
social  position  of  many  who  were  implicated  in  it.  No  opportunity 
was  ever  given  by  the  State  to  sift  the  mass  of  conflicting  testimony 
which  it  elicited.  The  government  pretended  that  no  trial  could  be 
had.  One  of  two  things  must  be  true.  The  government  discovered 
that  it  had  no  good  ground  for  a  prosecution;  in  that  case  it  had 
slandered  many  of  the  best  men  in  the  State  for  political  ends,  or  it 
was  really  unable  to  bring  the  criminals  to  justice,  and  therefore  a 
failure,  a  sham,  and  a  mockery,  whose  existence  was  an  offence 
against  civilization. 

On  the  1 2th  August  one  of  those  scenes  occurred  in  Edgefield, 
at  which  Chamberlain  was  deeply  disgusted,  but  of  which,  as  accord- 
ing to  the  statement  of  Judge  Carpenter,  he  had  four  years  before 
given,  and  led  a  striking  example  at  Chester,  he  could  not  bitterly 
complain.  The  Radicals  had  called  a  meeting  on  that  day,  at  which 
Chamberlain  was  to  be  present.  As  such  meetings  had  always  been 
attended  with  much  boisterous  and  roystering  conduct,  it  was  de- 
termined by  the  whites  to  attend  it  in  such  numbers  as  would  make 
riotous  conduct  on  the  part  of  the  others  a  dangerous  procedure. 
Accordingly,  about  six  hundred  men  rode  in  town  on  the  track  of 
the  Radicals  and  sent  a  civil  message  to  the  Governor  that  they 
were  anxious  to  have  an  opportunity  of  speaking  to  the  blacks,  and 


310  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

proposed  that  the  meeting  should  be  a  joint  discussion.  As  there 
could  be  no  reasonable  objection  to  this  reasonable  request,  it  was 
granted.  Chamberlain  began  the  discussion;  he  was  tame  and  dull, 
and  it  was  no  wonder,  for  he  had  to  confront  men  whom  he  had  de- 
nounced as  murderers  and  conspirators.  He  was  replied  to  by 
General  Butler  and  General  Gary,  both  of  whom  handled  him  with- 
out gloves.  Several  annoying  accidents  happened  to  disgust  the 
Radicals,  and  the  meeting  was  broken  up.  The  excentric  Judge 
Mackey,  who  had  gone  to  the  meeting  with  the  Governor,  remained 
with  the  Democrats.  A  like  meeting  was  held  a  few  days  after- 
wards at  Newberry.  It  must  be  borne  in  mind  that  the  Radical 
party  looked  upon  the  black  population  as  their  own,  and  any 
attempt  on  the  part  of  the  Democrats  to  win  them  was  regarded  as 
a  trespass  on  their  rights,  and  fiercely  resisted.  The  deluded  blacks 
were  instructed  to  believe  that  the  success  of  the  Democratic  party 
would  be  followed  by  remanding  them  back  to  slavery.  Emmis- 
saries  were  sent  all  over  the  State  to  urge  the  negroes  not  even  to 
go  to  listen  to  the  persuasions  of  the  white  men,  and  those  negroes 
who  dared  show  any  leaning  towards  them  were  punished  in  every 
conceivable  way.  Social  ostracism  was  imposed  upon  them;  they 
were  refused  admission  into  the  churches,  and  the  women  were  even 
more  outrageous  against  any  black  man  who  dared  to  falter  in  his 
allegiance  to  the  Radical  party.  At  a  later  period  personal  violence 
was  added  to  the  moral  influences,  which  had  at  first  been  practiced. 
The  only  way  in  which  the  whites  could  get  a  hearing  from  the 
negroes  was  by  going  to  meetings  called  by  the  Radicals  and  solicit- 
ing a  hearing.  This  was  at  first  granted.  But  when  men  were 
present  who  could  and  did  repel  their  monstrous  assertions,  the 
Radicals  found  that  a  prime  source  of  their  eloquence  was  taken 
away  from  them,  and  instead  of  playing  the  part  of  saviours  and  im- 
maculate leaders,  they  were  often  put  on  their  defence  and  made  to 
suffer  humiliation,  when  they  had  e.xpected  to  act  the  part  of  philan- 
thropic heroes.  It  became,  therefore,  a  prime  object  with  the  party 
to  stop  these  joint  discussions. 

On  August  15th  the  Democratic  State  Convention  met.  Chamber- 
lain's letters  had  fully  stripped  him  bare,  and  General  Hampton 
received  the  unanimous  vote  of  the  convention.  As  this  nomination 
deprived  Chamberlain  of  any  hopes  he  may  have  entertained  of  receiv- 
ing the  votes  of  the  Democrats,  he  was  no  longer  under  the  necessity 
of  wearing  a  mask,  and  could  break  openly  with  that  party.  Indeed 
it  was  time  ;  his  conciliatory  policy  had  alienated  from  him  almost 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  311 

all  the  leading-  Republicans.  We  shall  show  directly  what  power- 
ful opposition  he  had  to  encounter.  It  was  first  of  all  necessary  to 
secure  the  powerful  aid  of  the  government.  At  the  approaching 
election  it  was  certain  that  the  South  generally  would  vote  for  Til- 
den,  and  though  South  Carolina  was  largely  given  over  to  the 
negroes,  it  was  certain  that  Tilden  would  make  a  very  respectable 
show  of  votes.  With  the  Republicans  the  great  end  of  policy  was  to 
secure  the  election  of  Hayes  ;  and  nothing  pleased  them  more  than 
a  tale  of  outrages  against  negroes,  which  was  eagerly  sought 
after,  invented  if  no  better  could  be  had,  and  published  broadcast 
over  the  Union,  to  demonstrate  the  semi-savage  and  rebellious  con- 
duct oi  the  Southern  people.  Chamberlain  himself,  as  we  shall 
shortly  see,  entered  without  scruple  into  this  business.  The  Secre- 
tary of  War  had  directed  that  all  the  troops  not  wanted  to  meet  the 
Indian  troubles  should  be  sent  to  the  .Southern  States,  and  on  Sep- 
tember 4  a  circular  was  issued  by  the  Attorney-General,  directing 
all  the  marshals  in  the  Southern  States  to  take  charge  of  the  ap- 
proaching elections.  Both  Chamberlain  and  Patterson  were  in  the 
Attorney-General's  office  that  day,  and  expressed  the  opinion  that  it 
would  be  impossible  without  this  aid  to  have  a  fair  election.  It  is  a 
curious  coincidence  that  on  that  very  day  a  telegram  was  sent  to  the 
Governor's  office  in  Columbia,  praying  aid  against  some  lawless 
negroes  who  had  for  more  than  a  week  stopped  entirely  all  work  on 
the  rice-field  of  Combahee.  This  telegram  was  never  answered.  The 
Governor  was  in  Washington,  providing  for  Republican  votes  at 
the  next  election.  In  comparison  with  this  object  the  riots  and  law- 
lessness of  the  southern  district  were  insignificant. 

REPUBLICAN    CONVENTION. 

It  was  about  the  middle  of  September  before  the  Republican 
convention  met  to  nominate  State  officers.  The  prospect  of  the 
Governor  for  nomination  appeared  very  gloomy.  The  better  por- 
tion of  the  party  was  disgusted  with  his  pretended  zeal  for  reform  ; 
some  of  the  worst  because  they  feared  that  this  zeal  was  real  ;  all 
denounced  him  as  a  traitor  to  his  party  and  a  flatterer  of  the  whites. 
Elliot  could  not  forgive  him'  for  withholding  Whipper's  commission, 
and  declared  that  he  had  documents  in  his  possession  which,  if 
produced,  would  send  the  Governor  to  the  penitentiary.  Amid 
this  storm  of  denunciation,  it  seemed  that  Chamberlain  must  be 
overwhelmed.     He  was  saved  by  Patterson,  whom  he  had  not  long 


312  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

before  denounced  as  one,  a  reconciliation  with  whom  he  would 
consider  as  worse  than  a  defeat.  Patterson's  speech  saved  him  ; 
but  is  an  ebulition  of  his  contempt  for  the  Governor.  It  is  so 
curious  and  characteristic,  that  I  shall  insert  it  as  a  part  of  the  his- 
tory of  the  times.  The  ball  seemed  to  be  opened  by  Whittemore, 
who  had  been  guilty  of  peddling  in  appointments  at  West  Point, 
and  had  resigned  his  seat  in  Congress  to  avoid  expulsion.  He  op- 
posed Chamberlain  because  he  was  too  thick  with  the  Democrats. 
He  wished  there  was  no  such  thing  as  color  in  the  State.  In  other 
words,  he  wished  he  was  a  negro.  He  was  glad  of  the  straighout 
Democratic  ticket  because  it  would  shut  them  straight  out  of  their 
hopes  in  November.  Ever  since  he  was  inaugurated  Chamberlain 
had  been  plowing  with  Democratic  heifers,  and  holding  the  Repub- 
lican party  up  to  scorn.  He  could  not  countenance  for  a  moment 
a  man  who  would  rise  above  party  and  not  be  governed  by  the  men 
who  put  him  in  office.  He  would  support  T.  C.  Dunn  for  Gover- 
nor. His  life  had  been  threatened,  but  he  thanked  God  that  if 
there  are  Democrats  in  South  Carolina,  there  is  also  a  God  in  Israel. 

I  have  given  this  speech  merely  as  a  specimen  of  the  drift  of 
thought  of  those  philanthropists  who  came  from  New  England  to 
enlighten  the  ignorance  and  tame  the  barbarity  of  the  unhappy 
Southern  people.  The  speech  of  Patterson  decided  the  question. 
He  spoke  by  authority  ;  he  was  the  organ  of  President  Grant.  In 
all  matters  relating  to  South  Carolina,  President  Grant  surrendered 
himself  completely  to  the  dictation  of  John  J.  Patterson.  This  dis- 
reputable adventurer  had  been  elected  to  the  United  States  Senate  by 
bribery  so  palpable,  and  so  shame-faced,  that  even  the  Republican 
party  was  compelled  to  prosecute  him  for  it.  He  was  saved  by  one  of 
those  blunders  which  the  party  was  always  making.  The  day  before 
that  fixed  for  his  trial  the  Attorney-General  whose  duty  it  was  to 
prosecute,  but  who  intended  to  save  him,  called  up  a  petty  and  in- 
significant case.  In  the  preliminary'  conversation  which  ensued,  the 
question  of  the  legality  of  the  jury  was  discussed,  and  it  appeared 
that  through  some  informality,  some  neglect,  possibly,  of  the  jury 
commissioner,  the  whole  jury  of  Richland  county  was  illegal,  their 
indictments  void,  and  Patterson  was  free. 

He  had  been  a  noted  Pennsylvania  swindler  before  he  came  to 
South  Carolina,  and  a  fugitive  who  had  been  more  than  once  in  the 
hands  of  justice.  It  has  been  well  observed  hy  the  Natio7i  news- 
paper that  one  of  the  shameful  incidents  of  this  Presidential  struggle 
was  the  calm  with  which  good  Republicans  watched  this  wretched 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  313 

criminal  figuring  at  Washington  as  the  adviser  of  the  President  as  to 
his  poHcy  towards  the  contending  parties  in  South  CaroHna.  In 
fact  the  paper  adds:  "We  can  recall  nothing  more  discreditable  in 
political  history  than  the  determination  with  which  the  Republican 
party  kept  up  its  alliance  with  these  jail-birds  and  relied  on  them  as 
an  instrument  of  government  years  after  they  were  either  notorious 
or  objects  of  strong  suspicion.  Numbers  of  worthy  men  in  the 
party  seemed  to  have  worked  themselves  into  a  state  of  readiness  to 
suspend  the  laws  of  morality  in  order  to  carry  out  one  particular  ex- 
periment in  protection  of  the  negro,  and  to  have  supposed  that  they 
were  in  some  measure  benefitting  him  by  leading  him  to  believe,  on 
the  very  threshold  of  his  new  life,  that  in  the  opinion  of  good  men 
of  the  North,  ignorance,  obscurity,  and  disrepute  are  no  disqualifi- 
cation for  office  in  a  Christian  State,  and  that  there  was  far  deeper 
guilt  in  fighting  on  the  wrong  side  in  a  just  civil  war  than  in  com- 
mitting theft,  forgery  and  embezzlement." 

With  this  introduction  we  may  understand  the  better  the  speech 
of  Patterson  before  the  convention. 

^^Mr.  President  and  Goitlemen  of  the  Convention  : 

This  is,  as  I  understand,  a  convention  of  the  representative 
people  of  South  Carolina.  I  am  happy  to  be  with  you,  and  I  greet 
you,  my  friends,  as  Republicans.  It  has  been  said  in  some  places 
that  the  Republican  convention  in  South  Carolina  would  not  meet, 
but,  thank  God,  you  are  here,  and  in  your  countenances  I  see  a 
determination  to  do  your  duty.  Let  every  man  in  South  Carolinia, 
rich  and  poor,  white  and  black,  rise  up  in  recognition  of  the  great 
importance  of  the  hour.  You  have  rights  that  men  are  bound  to 
respect.  No  armed  force  under  heaven  dare  attempt  to  take  these 
from  you.  Carry  the  determination  to  your  homes  to  demand  that 
your  rights  be  respected,  and  you  will  prove  that  you  are  not  only 
Republicans,  but  American  citizens,  and  you  can't  prove  it  any 
other  way.  The  Republican  party  is  on  trial,  and  you  must  assert 
yourselves  like  men,  and  repel  the  base  attempt  to  intimidate  and 
coerce  you.  I  tell  you  I  knoiv  a  thing  or  two,  that  the  great  arm  of 
the  North  will  stand  by  you,  and  be  here  to  protect  you  and  see  that 
you  are  not  deprived  of  your  rights  by  Democratic  arms.  You  have 
the  great  principle  of  universal  freedom  in  your  hands.  See  that 
every  one  of  you  discharges  his  whole  duty.  You  have  a  right  to 
your  choice,  and  no  man,  nor  set  of  men,  has  a  right  to  dispute  it 
with  you  by  armed  force. 


314  Southern  Historical  Society  Pcq^ers. 

There  are  three  great  issues  before  you.  The  first  of  these  is 
Reform.  There  is  no  reform  in  the  Democratic  party.  If  you  see 
a  community  poor,  beggarly,  ignorant,  and  degraded,  you  may 
know  without  asking  that  these  people  are  under  Democratic  rule. 
In  1868  the  great  Republican  party  took  possession  of  the  govern- 
ment which  had  been  shattered  to  atoms  by  Democratic  rule.  They 
took  it  a?id  halt  it  7ip  to  what  it  is  now,  and  yet  you  hear  from  the 
Democrats  nothing  but  Reform — Reform.  It  is  very  well  to  shout 
reform  when  you  are  out  of  office,  but  I  would  rather  trust  the  man 
who  does  reform  while  he  is  in  office.  The  Republican  party  has 
acted  reform  and  carried  it  out.  We  don't  mean  the  reform  that 
reforms  the  Republicans  out  and  the  Democrats  in.  The  Republi- 
can party  in  South  Carolina  may  have  done  wrong,  and  may  have 
made  mistakes,  but  it  is  the  great  party  of  freedom,  and  shall  be 
protected.  Take  Georgia  to-day,  and  what  showing  has  a  colored 
man?  No  schools  for  their  children,  while  the  taxes  and  the  sala- 
ries are  higher  than  ever  they  were  under  Bullock,  the  last  Repub- 
lican governor.  Why  don't  the  Democratic  press  say  something 
about  that?  (A  voice — Because  it  is  a  lie,  and  you  know  it.)  Under 
Governor  Chamberlain,  reform  after  reform  has  been  effected. 
Everything  has  been  done  that  has  been  demanded  by  the  people, 
to  bring  about  good  government.  When  Governor  Chamberlain 
became  so  thick  with  the  Democracy,  and  they  began  to  praise  him 
so  much,  I  began  to  get  suspicious  of  him,  and  it  was  said  we  had 
quarreled.  I  was  opposed  to  him  for  none  of  his  reforms,  but  be- 
cause he  was  too  thick  with  the  Democrats,  and  I  got  suspicious  of 
of  him.  [Chamberlain — Well,  do  you  think  so  now?]  No,  I  see 
that  you  have  thrown  off  your  new  friends,  and  Daniel  is  all  right 
again.  Why  don't  Democrats  vote  for  Chamberlain  now?  What 
has  Wade  Hampton  done  for  South  Carolina  that  he  should  be  her 
governor?  The  Domocrats  don't  want  good  government,  and  by 
the  eternal  God  they  shan't  have  any  part  in  the  government  at  all. 
President  Grant,  I  tell  you,  has  an  eye  on  this  State,  and  you  know 
that  when  he  puts  his  eye  on  anything  he  means  business.  I  know 
enough  to  say  to  you  that  the  man  on  horseback  will  take  care  of 
you.  You  shall  have  the  right  of  free  speech  and  expression  of 
opinion,  and  no  armed  men  shall  now  dare  intimidate  you.  Albany 
penitentiary  still  stands  with  doors  open,  and  with  plenty  of  room, 
and  I  warn  those  fire-eaters  now  that  some  of  them  will  get  there  as 
soon  as  this  election  is  over,  if  they  don't  look  sharp.  I  am  rejoiced 
to  hear   that  General  Hampton  wants  joint  discussion,    and  if  he 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  315 

can,  by  argument,  by  force  of  reasoning,  or  the  power  of  his  elo- 
quence, convince  his  hearers  to  vote  for  him,  all  right;  but  if  he 
means  by  joint  discussion  to  come  with  a  band  of  armed  men  and 
say  how  long  we  shall  speak,  why,  we  wont  put  up  with  it,  that's  all. 
I  tell  you  that  there  is  a  strong  power  ready  and  willing  to  let  its 
strong  arm  fall  upon  these  men  who  go  to  Republican  meetings  to 
intimidate  Republican  voters.  The  Northern  people  are  the  masters 
of  the  Southern  people  'to  the  reporters),  yes,  put  that  down.  If 
they  have  not  learnt  it  they  will  know  all  about  it  before  the  election 
is  over.  The  power  of  this  government  will  protect  you  and  keep 
the  Republican  party  in  power.  Let  us  have  no  bloodshed,  let  us 
go  as  citizens,  and  not  behave  as  brutes  and  villains. 

The  Republican  party  will  be  in  power  in  South  Carolina  for  ten 
years  longer,  and  you  will  never  hear  of  the  Democratic  party  any 
more.  We  will  change  the  whipping-post  for  the  school-house, 
where  every  colored  child  will  be  educated  and  learn  as  good  as  the 
best  people  in  the  State.  The  Democrats  don't  want  the  colored 
people  educated,  because,  if  they  are,  they  can't  fool  them  as  they 
are  trying  to  do  now.  They  thought  I  was  opposed  to  Chamberlain, 
but  they  were  mistaken.  I  was  only  opposed  to  his  Democratic 
friends.  The  principles  of  the  Democratic  party  are  the  principles 
of  hell  and  damnation,  and  no  decent  man  should  vote  for  them. 
The  Democratic  presses  here  say  that  I  and  Governor  Chamberlain 
entered  into  a  contract  in  Washington  about  the  con\'ersion  of 
bonds,  etc.,  and  worse  than  that,  that  after  I  had  made  the  bargain  I 
told  about  it.  Now,  I  have  been  called  a  liar  and  a  thief,  but  I  have 
never  been  called  a  fool,  and  I  don't  think  any  one  thinks  Daniel  a 
fool.  They  said  I  would  oppose  Governor  Chamberlain.  The  Dem- 
ocratic party  don't  know  me.  The  man  that  thinks  I  would  do  any- 
thing to  bring  such  discord  into  the  Republican  party  of  South  Car- 
olina is  mistaken.  I  think  more  of  my  party  than  I  do  of  myself. 
The  Democrats  thought  that  we  would  wrangle  and  quarrel,  but  we 
are  no  fools.  We  know  what  we  are  about  Every  day  during  my 
service  for  the  Republican  party  have  I  laid  my  hand  on  my  heart 
and  prayed  that  I  should  not  swerve  from  my  duty  to  my  party.  I 
have  been  called  a  liar  and  a  thief  by  the  Democratic  press  for  years. 
I  defy  them  now  and  here  to  prove  that  I  have  ever  done  one  single 
corrupt  act  or  stolen  one  cent  from  the  people  of  South  Carolina  or 
the  United  States.  If  they  can  prove  it,  I  will  resign  my  commis- 
sion, for  if  I  am  a  thief  I  should  not  represent  you  in  the  Senate  of 
the  United  States.     In   conclusion,  I  repeat  that  the  north  will  help 


316  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

you,  and  they  will  see  that  Hayes  and  Wheeler  are  elected  ;  and  if 
anything  happens  in  South  Carolina,  you  will  still  have  a  man  on 
horseback  to  come  to  your  relief. ' ' 

This  precious  morsel  of  eloquence,  with  the  repeated  promise  of 
the  advent  of  the  man  on  horseback,  coming  from  a  man  who  cer- 
tainly appeared  to  have  the  ear  of  the  President  and  Chamberlain, 
restored  harmony  to  the  convention.  In  the  evening  a  business 
meeting  was  held  and  the  next  morning  the  nominees  entered  the 
convention — Chamberlain,  the  designated  Governor,  and  Elliott, 
designated  Attorney-General,  walking  in,  arm  locked  in  arm.  Cham- 
berlain had  forgotten  that  he  had  denounced  Elliott  as  opposing  the 
civilization  of  the  Puritan  and  the  Huguenot,  and  Elliott  that  he  had 
documents  in  his  possession,  the  production  of  which  would  consign 
the  Governor  to  the  penitentiary.  These  were  the  men  for  the  elec- 
tion of  whom  the  aid  of  the  man  on  horseback  was  to  be  obtained  ; 
and  now,  each  party  having  selected  its  standard-bearer,  the  election 
cenvass  was  regularly  begun. 

RICEFIELD    RIOTS. 

Meanwhile  the  State  generally,  and  the  low  country  particularly 
was  drifting  into  chaos.  I  have  already  mentioned  the  alarming  riots 
which  had  disturbed  the  labor  in  the  rice-fields  of  the  Combahee  dis- 
trict. These  seemed  to  have  subsided  of  themselves,  perhaps  with 
the  design  of  another  and  more  serious  disturbance,  when  it  would 
produce  more  serious  results.  There  was  quiet  in  that  region,  but 
no  sense  of  security.  Those  who  had  presumed  to  put  themselves 
above  the  law.  and  to  determine  that  men  should  not  work  but  on 
terms  which  they  should  dictate,  had  felt,  not  the  power,  but  the 
imbecility  of  the  government — nay,  the  Governor,  while  condemn- 
ing the  lawless  acts,  had  more  than  intimated  that  they  had  griev- 
ances which  ought  to  be  redressed.  In  August  the  riots  recom- 
menced, not  only  more  formidable  in  their  dimensions,  but  occurring 
just  when  the  rice  was  ready  for  the  harvest,  promised  to  spread 
desolation  over  the  whole  country.  The  plantations  were  visited  by 
mobs  who  went  into  the  rice-fields,  stopped  all  who  were  disposed  to 
work,  and  flogged  all  who  did  not  readily  yield  to  their  orders.  In- 
formation was  quickly  forwarded  to  the  Governor,  who  directed  a 
trial  justice  to  issue  warrants,  and  the  sheriff"  to  summon  a  posse  to 
arrest  the  guilty  parties,  if  it  took  the  last  man  in  the  county  to  make 
the  arrests.  Several  men  were  arrested  and  put  in  charge  of  a  con- 
stable to  be  carried  to  jail.     They  were  rescued  by  the  strikers  and 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  317 

set  at  liberty.  Then  came  Gleaves,  the  Lieutenant-Governor,  Hke  a 
Dens  ex  7nachina,  to  make  peace,  and  the  peace  which  he  made 
was  actually  praised,  even  by  the  Democratic  papers.  Gleaves  went 
to  the  mob,  and  persuaded  the  leaders  to  submit  to  arrest,  on  con- 
dition of  being-  released  the  next  day.  To  this  mockery  of  govern- 
ment the  leaders  made  no  objection.  They  submitted,  took  a  pleasant 
jaunt  to  the  Court-house,  and  the  next  day  were  released,  according 
to  the  terms  of  the  contract.  And  this  was  the  Lieutenant-Governor' s 
method  of  upholding  the  majesty  of  the  law.  For  a  few  days  there 
was  quiet,  but  by  September  i  the  riots  began  again  as  furiously  as 
ever,  and  now  there  was  not  even  the  shadow  of  a  government  to  go 
through  the  mockery  of  repression.  Several  gentlemen  of  the 
county,  Messrs.  Elliott,  Bellinger,  Bissell  and  Campbell,  despatched 
from  Green  Pond  the  following  despatch  to  the  Governor  :  ' '  Strike 
in  progress  in  Combahee  ;  sheriff  and  trial-justices  both  absent. 
Mob  stopping  the  laborers  and  beating  them.  Plenty  of  hands 
willing  to  work,  but  are  afraid.  Can  you  stop  it  ?  If  not,  say  so, 
and  we  will."  There  is  no  doubt  but  that  if  the  Governor  had  "said 
so,"  the  strike  would  have  been  easily  subdued,  and  without  any 
bloodshed.  But  he  did  not  answer  the  telegram.  He  was  not  in 
Columbia  to  receive  it.  Regarding  the  social  troubles  of  the  State 
of  which  he  was  Governor  as  a  matter  of  minor  consideration  fit 
only  for  trial-justices,  he  had  gone  to  Washington  to  provide  by  mil- 
itary means  that  the  poor  negro  should  not  be  disturbed  in  the  ex- 
ercise of  the  inestimable  right  of  voting  as  the  Radical  party  should 
direct.  At  the  moment  that  telegram  was  sent  he  was  calmly  sitting 
in  the  Attorney-General's  office  preparing  for  the  advent  of  the  man 
on  horseback  which  would  insure  a  free  election  in  the  State. 

After  a  time  the  sheriff  appeared  on  the  scene.  He  began  work 
by  organizing  a  posse  of  colored  men  to  arrest  the  leaders.  The 
strikers  resisted,  and  the  posse  was  driven  off  and  took  refuge  in 
Bissell's  store.  They  were  immediately  surrounded  by  the  strikers 
who  breathed  curses  and  vengeance  against  them,  and  kept  them  in 
confinement  all  that  night. 

Among  the  prisoners  were  about  thirty  members  of  a  rifle-club, 
who  were  taken  to  serve  as  Vi  posse.  Their  task  was  a  diflicult  and 
a  delicate  one.  They  had  every  reason  to  believe  that  nothing  would 
be  so  pleasing  to  the  government  as  an  act  of  violence  on  their  part. 
They  had  observed  that  while  no  negro  was  safe  from  the  violence 
of  the  mob,  no  white  man  was  in  peril.  They  were  insulted  and 
provoked,  but  no  violence  was  offered   them.     It  was  evidentlv  the 


318  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

design  of  the  supreme  directors  that  a  few  negroes  should  be  killed, 
not  in  self-defence,  but  to  punish  insults.  These  men  could  have 
extricated  themselves  from  their  confinement,  but  it  might  be  at  the 
the  loss  of  some  lives,  and  they  determined  to  forbear,  and  not  do 
the  thing  which  they  believed  their  enemies  wished  them  to  do. 

And  here  let  me  deign  to  say  a  few  words  to  account  for  the  con- 
duct of  the  white  men  during  all  the  stormy  scenes  that  were  enacted 
until  the  contest  was  closed  by  the  triumph  of  the  Democratic  party. 

Many  persons  were  grieved  and  astonished  that  the  people  should 
so  tamely  submit  to  outrageous  insults  which  were  often  offered  by 
the  negroes.  When  just  before  the  election  Governor  Hampton  was 
escorted  through  the  streets  of  Charleston  by  his  enthusiastic  friends, 
the  streets  were  thronged  with  negroes,  both  men  and  women,  who 
saluted  him  as  he  passed  with  the  most  filthy  and  abusive  language, 
and  the  thousands  of  friends  who  made  the  escort  bore  it  all  with 
patience.  Nay,  when  one  negro,  more  audacious  than  the  rest,  ran 
up  to  the  General's  carriage  and  used  such  foul  language  that  a 
policeman  on  duty  (the  policemen  were  all  radicals)  felt  himself  com- 
pelled, for  decency's  sake,  to  arrest  the  foul-mouthed  rioter,  the  Gen- 
eral begged  forgiveness  for  him  because  he  knew  not  what  he  did. 
The  spirit  manifested  by  the  great  leader  on  this  occasion  was  the 
same  spirit  felt  by  all  of  his  friends.  It  was  universally  believed  that 
what  the  Republicans  most  wanted  was  an  outrage  on  the  blacks  by 
the  whites.  A  batch  of  such,  even  if  well  imagined,  would  have 
been  greedily  received  by  Chamberlain  and  his  associates  and  pub- 
lished throughout  the  North  in  the  interest  of  the  Republican 
party.  It  was  a  wise  policy,  therefore,  to  refuse  to  do  that  which 
their  enemies  anxiously  desired  them  to  do.  Hence  a  spirit  of 
forbearance,  manifested  on  all  occasions,  which  was  harder  to  ex- 
ercise because  the  negroes  mistook  its  meaning,  construed  it  as 
timidity,  and  became  the  more  aggressive  in  consequence.  As  I 
have  said,  the  Rifle  Club,  in  duress  in  Bissell's  store,  forbore  to  re- 
lease themselves,  lest  it  might  occasion  the  killing  of  some  negroes, 
and  sent  for  Gleaves  to  come  to  their  assistance.  During  tbe  day 
Gleaves  did  come,  but  he  had  pressing  business  of  his  own  which 
called  him  to  Charleston.  Aid,  however,  did  come  in  the  person  of 
Lowells,  the  member  of  Congress,  who  dispersed  the  mob.  Mean-- 
while  it  was  proposed  in  Charleston  to  send  efficient  aid  to  the 
authorities,  and  application  was  made  to  the  Governor,  who,  as 
usual,  sent  his  chief  constable,  Laws,  to  visit  the  disturbed  districts 
and  report  on  their  situation.    Laws  reported  that,  since  the  appear- 


Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina.  319 

ance  of  Lowells,  all  was  quiet  and  peace  restored.  But  the  peace  of 
Lowells  was  short-lived  and  delusive.  On  the  night  of  the  loth 
Roberts'  store  at  Enslow's  Cross- Roads  was  burned.  The  next  day 
men,  women  and  children,  armed  with  clubs,  paraded  the  different 
plantations  on  the  Combahee  and  Ashford,  and  beat  or  threatened 
with  violence  all  negroes  who  were  at  work  or  disposed  to  work. 
The  rioters  always  asserted  that  they  were  acting  in  obedience  to  in- 
structions from  the  Governor.  This  was  doubtless  not  true  ;  but  it 
was  fairly  presumable  from  the  conduct  of  those  whose  duty  it  was  to 
keep  the  peace  and  preserve  order,  that  their  inefficient  conduct  was 
not  disapproved  by  those  in  authority,  and  therefore  the  ignorant 
and  deluded  rioters  might  without  absurdity  have  inferred  that  the 
Governor  approved  of  that  which  his  subordinates  did  not  seem  to 
condemn. 

Again  the  Governor  was  informed  of  the  renewal  of  the  violence, 
and  again  he  had  recourse  to  trial-justices.  The  blacks,  the  objects 
of  the  rioters'  vengeance,  themselves  implored  the  aid  of  the  Gov- 
ernor in  the  following  touching  telegram  : 

"The  rioters  continue  to  keep  us  from  our  work  on  the  Comba- 
hee. For  God's  sake  stop  this  thing  and  let  us  make  bread  for  our 
families." 

To  this  dispatch,  signed  by  W.  Middleton  and  others,  the  Gov- 
ernor the  next  day  dispatched  the  following  answer: 

"  You  must  first  use  the  ordinary  means  before  calling  on  me. 
Go  to  trial-justices,  get  warrants  and  have  all  persons  arrested  who 
molest  you.     If  resistance  is  made,  report  to  me.  D.  H.  C." 

The  ordinary  means  had  been  tried  and  failed  for  three  weeks. 
The  governor  could  not  turn  from  his  high  purpose  of  securing  free- 
dom of  election  to  attend  to  such  petty  matters  as  giving  tran- 
quility to  two  counties.  This  work  might  be  left  to  a  trial -justice. 
The  rifle  clubs  were  then  ready  to  assist  to  restore  peace  and  tran- 
quility, but  the  Governor  had  a  motive  for  ignoring  them,  which 
appeared  afterwards.  The  militia  had  been  once  or  twice  called,  but 
they  fraternized  with  the  rioters.  At  last  Terry,  the  sheriff  of  Col- 
leton, sent  to  the  Governor  that  he  was  utterly  helpless  and  unable 
to  preserve  the  peace.  With  this  letter  he  sent  the  warrants  which  he 
had  been  unable  to  serve.  The  Governor  sent  back  the  warrants 
with  directions  that  they  were  to   be  kept  until  the  arrival  of  the 


320  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

United  States  troops.  To  them  was  to  be  committed  the  police  duty 
of  the  county.  (It  may  as  well  be  stated  here,  that  the  troops  were 
never  sent  into  that  neighborhood.  Their  services  were  wanted  else- 
where to  intimidate  the  whites,  and  so  protect  the  polls  that  the  Rad- 
icals might  win). 

While  imbecility  was  thus  permitting  lawlessness  to  run  riot  in 
Colleton,  the  Radical  Sheriff  of  Beaufort,  Wilson,  appeared  on  the 
scene  and  showed  how  easily  the  troubles  might  have  been  nipped 
in  the  bud  had  the  Government  wished  or  dared  to  stop  them. 
Without  a  posse,  with  no  aid  beyond  a  strong  will  and  a  revolver, 
judiciously  displayed,  Wilson  appeared  in  the  mob  and  arrested  the 
leaders.  The  prisoners  were  carried  to  the  Beaufort  jail,  and  a  short 
time  afterwards  were  tried  and  acquitted  of  the  charges  which  were 
brought  against  them.  This  was  little  encouragement  for  a  good 
officer  to  go  on  in  the  way  of  enforcing  the  law.  But  by  this  time 
the  riot  had  run  its  course;  it  had  done  nearly  all  the  mischief  it  had 
intended.  The  harvest  season  was  nearly  over,  and  as  troubles  of  a 
serious  nature  were  rife  in  other  parts  of  the  State,  the  rioters  were 
no  longer  the  sole  object  of  attention,  and  by  degrees  the  country 
was  quiet,  if  not  at  peace.  A  dangerous  lesson  had  been  taught  to 
an  ignorant  and  half-savage  people,  that  violence  was  above  law,  and 
that  the  Government  had  no  power  which  they  were  bound  to  re- 
spect. Throughout  all  the  troubles  which  distinguished  his  admin- 
istration the  conduct  of  the  Governor  was  disgraceful.  He  showed 
clearly  to  the  world  that  he  considered  himself  not  the  Governor 
elected  by  the  people  to  be  their  leader  and  director,  but  the  clerk — 
let  us  say  the  chief  clerk — of  an  administration  bureau.  In  Edge- 
field, at  Hamburg,  and  in  the  rice-fields,  he  kept  aloof  from  the 
scenes,  but  sent  agents,  not  to  quell  and  punish,  but  to  report  what 
they  had  seen,  and,  if  they  could,  to  pacify.  A  real  Governor  ap- 
pearing and  invoking  of  the  people  that  aid  which  they  had  virtually 
promised  to  give  him  when  they  made  him  their  leader,  might,  and 
probably  would,  have  changed  the  whole  course  of  this  history.  But 
his  philosophic  mind  never  conceived  the  simple  and  obvious  duty 
of  a  chief  magistrate,  never  comprehended  the  magic  power  which 
can  be  exercised  by  a  chief  To  Edgefield  he  sent  the  corrupt  Den- 
nis, whose  mission  was  treated  with  contempt  by  all  parties.  Then 
he  sent  Judge  Mackey,  not  to  punish,  but  to  pacify.  To  Hamburg 
he  sent  the  facile  Stone,  who  eagerly  and  instantly  concocted  an 
indictment  against  the  whole  county.  To  Combahee  he  sent  procla- 
mations, trial-justices,  and  Colonel  Laws.     It  never  occurred  to  him 


Operations  Around  Petersburg.  321 

that  when  any  part  of  the  State  was  in  trouble,  there  was  the  place 
for  the  Governor  to  show  himself.  But  he  had  more  important  and 
more  pressing  duties  to  perform.  The  fate  of  the  Republican  party 
might  depend  upon  the  vote  of  South  Carolina.  He  had  promised 
to  President  Grant  to  bend  all  his  efforts  to  obtain  it,  and  to  accom- 
plish it  was  his  first  and  his  last  object. 


Operations    Around    Petersburg — General    Hagood's    Report  of    i6th,   17th 
and  i8th  of  June,   1864. 

Headquarters  Hagood's  Brigade, 

Hoke's  Division,  15th  July,  1864. 

Capt.  Jofui  A.  Cooper,  A.  A.  G.: 

Captain, — I  am  instructed  to  report  the  operations  of  my  brigade 
on  the  i6th,  17th  and  i8th  ulto. 

On  the  evening  of  the  15th,  about  dark,  my  brigade  arrived  at 
Petersburg,  by  the  Petersburg  &  Richmond  railroad,  and  I  was  at 
General  Beauregard's  headquarters,  reporting  for  orders,  when  a 
courier  announced  that  the  enemy  had  carried  the  defences  from  No. 
3  to  No.  7,  inclusive,  and  that  our  troops  were  retreating.  I  was 
ordered  to  move  out  immediately  upon  the  City  Point  road  and  take 
a  position  to  cover  that  approach  to  the  city,  and  upon  which  a  new 
defensive  line  could  be  taken.  It  was  after  dark,  and  being  unac- 
quainted with  the  country  and  unable  to  learn  much  from  the  con- 
fused and  contradictory  accounts  of  the  volunteer  guides  who  ac- 
companied me,  I  halted  my  command  at  the  junction  of  the  City 
Point  and  Prince  George  roads,  and  rode  forward  myself  to  recon- 
noitre the  country.  With  the  aid  of  a  map  opportunely  sent  me  by 
Colonel  Harris,  Chief  of  Engineers,  I  finally  determined  upon  the  line 
of  the  creek,  which  empties  into  the  Appomattox  in  rear  of  No.  i, 
and  the  west  fork  of  which  crosses  the  lines  near  No.  15,  and  estab- 
lished my  command  upon  it.  General  Colquitt's  brigade  and  the 
other  brigades  arriving  shortly  afterwards  were  established  upon 
this  line.  General  Hoke  having  approved  the  selection,  and  by  day- 
light the  position  was  partially  entrenched.  Colonel  Tabb's  regi- 
ment of  Wise's  brigade  held  the  lines  from  No.  i  to  No.  2,  and  was 
relieved  by  one  of  my  regiments  (Twenty-seventh  South  Carolina). 
This  made  my  line  en  echellon,  with  the  echelloyi  thrown  forward  on 
the  left.  Discovering  this  fact  at  daylight,  and  that  this  portion  of 
the  line  was  completely  enfiladed  by  the  guns  of  the  enemy  estab- 
3 


322  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

lished  at  No.  7,  I  withdrew  this  regiment  also  to  the  west  side  of  the 
creek.  The  new  Une  now  held  by  our  forces  was  the  chord  of  the 
arc  of  the  abandoned  works.  I  also  brought  in  and  sent  to  the  ord- 
nance officer  two  field-pieces,  spiked,  that  had  been  abandoned  by 
our  troops  the  day  before. 

The  enemy  shelled  our  position  furiously  during  the  day,  and  the 
skirmishers  were  constantly  engaged.  They  ostentatiously  formed 
for  battle  several  times  during  the  day,  beyond  musket  range,  there 
being  no  artillery  on  our  portion  of  the  line,  and  about  dark  a  feeble 
effort  at  assault  was  made  upon  my  centre,  none  getting  nearer  than 
seventy-five  yards  to  our  line.  It  was  kept  up  for  an  hour  or  more, 
but  they  were  kept  at  bay  without  trouble,  and  finally  retired. 

Captains  Hopkins  and  Palmer  and  Adjutant  Gelling,  of  the 
Twenty-seventh  regiment,  were  killed  by  the  same  shell,  and  several 
enlisted  men  were  killed  and  wounded  during  the  day.  Lieutenant 
Alleming  was  wounded,  and  has  since  died.  I  grieve  to  add  the 
names  of  these  gallant  officers  to  the  bloody  record  of  the  last  two 
months.  In  this  short  time  the  best  and  bravest  of  my  command 
have  been  laid  beneath  the  soil  of  Virginia. 

On  the  17th  nothing  occurred  with  me  except  pretty  heavy  shell- 
ing from  the  enemy.  Having  no  artillery  to  reply  to  them,  their 
practice  was  very  accurate,  and  inflicted  some  loss  upon  us.  Our 
earthworks  were  diligently  strengthened,  and  assumed  a  respectable 
profile. 

At  1:30  A.  M.  on  the  i8th  I  received  orders  to  withdraw  to  a  line 
some  eight  hundred  yards  in  rear  of  our  position,  which  had  been 
partially  prepared  for  occupation.  This  new  line  rested  upon  the 
Appomattox  some  two  hundred  yards  west  of  the  house  of  the 
younger  Hare,  and  ran  nearly  at  right  angles  to  the  river,  passing 
over  the  western  end  of  the  eminence  upon  which  the  elder  Hare 
resides,  known  as  Hare's  Hill.  I  was  to  occupy  again  the  extreme 
left.  This  movement  was  executed  safely,  and  the  troops  again  in 
position  before  daylight. 

Shortly  after  daylight,  the  enemy  advanced  upon  our  old  line  and 
finding  it  abandoned,  came  on  with  vociferous  cheers.  As  soon  as 
these  skirmishers  encountered  our  new  picket  line,  their  line  of  bat- 
tle halted  and  heavy  skirmishing  commenced.  This  continued  until 
about  2  P.  M.,  the  skirmishers  alternately  driving  each  other.  We 
lost  several  killed  and  wounded  and  a  (ew  prisoners,  but  inflicting  an 
equal  or  greater  loss  upon  the  enemy,  and  capturing  between  25  and 
30  prisoners. 


Letters  from  General  Lee.  323 

At  2  P.  M.  the  enemy  formed  for  an  assault  upon  the  por- 
tion of  my  brigade  between  the  river  and  the  City  Point  road.  A 
regiment  was  pushed  up  in  column  along  the  banks  of  the  river,  under 
cover  of  the  grove  and  buildings  of  the  younger  Hare,  and  when 
its  head  became  uncovered  attempted  to  deploy.  The  rest  of  their 
force  attempted  to  come  forward  in  line  of  battle,  but  never  got  closer 
than  250  yards.  Our  fire  was  opened  upon  the  column  as  soon  as 
it  showed  itself  and  upon  the  line  at  about  300  yards.  The  enemy 
attempted  to  rally,  but  were  driven  back  in  confusion.  The  Twen- 
ty first,  Twenty-seventh  and  Eleventh  regiments  repulsed  this  at- 
tack. South  of  the  City  Point  road  the  skirmishing  was  heavy,  but 
our  line  was  not  attacked.  Later  in  the  afternoon,  when  Colquitt's 
brigade  was  assailed,  my  right  regiment  fired  a  few  volleys  obliquely 
upon  the  attacking  column. 

Lieutenant  Harvey,  Seventh  battalion,  was  killed  to-day,  and 
Lieutenant  Felder,  Twenty-fifth,  and  Major  Rion,  Seventh  battal- 
ion, were  wounded. 

I  am  unable  to  give  an  accurate  statement  of  casualties  on  these 
days,  as  in  the  record  preserved  by  my  A.  A.  G.  the  casualties  of  a 
later  day  and  of  some  preceding  skirmishes  at  Cold  Harbor  are  in- 
cluded. 

About  220  is  supposed  to  be  the  aggregate — of  which  killed,  36  ; 
wounded,  21  ;  missing,  63. 

I  am,  Captain,  respectfully, 
[Signed]  Johnson  Hagood, 

Brigadier-  General. 


Letters    from    General    Lee   to    President    Davis    on    "The    Situation"    in 

September,  1863. 

Headquarters  Army  of  Northern  Virginia, 

September  14,  1863. 
His  Excellency  Jefferson  Davis, 

President  Confederate  States,  Richmond: 

Mr.  President :  My  letter  of  this  morning  will  have  informed  you 
of  the  crossing  of  the  Rappahannock  by  the  cavalry  of  General 
Meade's  army,  and  of  the  retirement  of  ours  to  the  Rapidan.  The 
enemy's  cavalry  so  greatly  outnumbers  ours,  and  is  generally  accom- 
panied by  so  large  a  force  of  infantry  in  its  operations,  that  it  must 
always  force  ours  back.     I  advanced  last  night  to  the  Rapidan,  a 


324  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

portion  of  Early's  and  Anderson's  divisions,  and  arrested  the  fur- 
ther progress  of  the  enemy.  I  have  just  returned  from  an  examina- 
tion of  the  enemy's  cavalry  on  the  Rapidan.  It  seems  to  consist  of 
their  entire  force,  three  divisions,  with  horse-artillery,  and,  as  far  as 
I  can  judge,  is  the  advance  of  General  Meade's  army.  All  the  cav- 
alry have  been  withdrawn  from  the  lower  Rappahannock,  except 
some  reduced  pickets  from  Richard's  ford,  to  Fredericksburg.  Our 
scouts  report  that  their  whole  army  is  under  marching  orders,  and 
that  two  corps  have  already  crossed  the  Rappahannock.  The  Eleventh 
corps,  which  has  been  guarding  the  line  of  the  railroad,  marched 
through  Manassas  on  the  12th  instant  for  the  Rappahannock. 
Three  steamers,  heavily  loaded  with  troops,  reached  Alexandria  on 
the  9th,  and  the  troops  were  forwarded  in  trains  on  the  loth  to  the 
same  destination.  Everything  looks  like  a  concentration  of  their 
forces,  and  it  is  stated  by  our  scouts  that  they  have  learned  of  the 
large  reduction  of  this  army.  I  begin  to  fear  that  we  have  lost  the 
use  of  troops  here,  where  they  are  much  needed,  and  that  they  have 
gone  where  they  will  do  no  good.  I  learn  by  the  papers  of  to-day 
that  General  Rosecrans'  army  entered  Chattanooga  on  the  9th,  and 
that  General  Bragg  has  retired  still  further  into  the  interior.  It  also 
appears  that  General  Burnside  did  not  move  to  make  a  junction 
with  Rosecrans,  but  marched  upon  Knoxville.  General  Bragg 
must,  therefore,  either  have  been  misinformed  of  his  movements  or 
he  subsequently  changed  them.  Had  I  been  aware  that  Knoxville 
was  the  destination  of  General  Burnside,  I  should  have  recommended 
that  General  Longstreet  should  be  sent  to  oppose  him,  instead  of  to 
Adanta. 

If  General  Bragg  is  unable  to  bring  General  Rosecrans  to  battle,  I 
think  it  would  be  better  to  return  General  Longstreet  to  this  army  to 
enable  me  to  oppose  the  advance  of  General  Meade  with  a  greater 
prospect  of  success.  And  it  is  a  matter  worthy  of  consideration 
whether  General  Longstreet' s  corps  will  reach  General  Bragg  in  time 
and  condition  to  be  of  any  advantage  to  him.  If  the  report  sent  to 
me  by  General  Cooper  since  my  return  from  Richmond  is  correct, 
General  Bragg  had,  on  the  20th  August  last,  51,101  effective  men  ; 
General  Buckner,  20th  August  last,  16,118  effective  men.  He 
was  to  receive  from  General  Johnston  9,000  effective  men.  His 
total  force  will,  therefore,  be  76,219,  as  large  a  number  as  I 
presume  he  can  operate  with.  This  is  independent  of  the  local 
troops  which,  you  may  recollect,  he  reported  as  exceeding  his  ex- 
pectations.    Should  General  Longstreet  reach  General  Bragg  in  time 


Letters  from  General  Lee.  325 

to  aid  him  in  winning  a  victory,  and  return  to  this  army,  it  will  be 
well,  but  should  he  be  detained  there  without  being  able  to  do  any 
good,  it  will  result  in  evil.  I  hope  you  will  have  the  means  of  judg- 
ing of  this  matter  and  of  deciding  correctly.  There  seems  to  be  no 
prospect  now  of  General  Burnside  effecting  a  junction  with  General 
Rosecrans,  but  it  is  to  be  apprehended  that  he  will  force  General 
Jones  back  and  thus  aid  the  advance  of  General  Meade. 
I  am,  with  great  respect,  your  obedient  servant, 

R.  E.   Lee,  General. 


Headquarters  Army  of  Northern  Virginia, 

September  14,  1863. 

His  Excellency  Jefferson  Davis,  President  Confederate  States  : 

Mr.  President :  The  guns  of  three  battalions  of  artillery  have  been 
called  for,  to  go  with  General  Longstreet,  and  have  been  forwarded 
to  Richmond  with  that  object.  I  think  before  they  go  it  should  be 
fully  ascertained  whether  they  can  obtain  horses  for  them  in  that  re- 
gion. If  this  cannot  be  done  it  would  be  worse  than  useless  to  carry 
them,  as  they  would  not  only  undergo  the  wear  and  tear  and  damage 
of  transportation,  but  we  might  possibly  lose  them. 

AHttle  after  midnight  on  September  13th,  General  Stuart  received 
notice  of  an  intended  advance  of  the  enemy's  cavalry,  and  made  his 
preparations  accordingly.  On  the  morning  of  that  day  they  came 
in  force,  having  crossed  the  Rappahannock  at  all  the  fords,  from 
Stark's  on  Hazel  river  to  Kelly's.  They  were  supported  by  a  force 
of  infantry.  He  skirmished  with  them  all  day  and  by  6  o'clock  in  the 
evening  was  pressed  back  to  within  half  a  mile  of  Cedar  Mountain, 
with  the  loss,  I  regret  to  say,  of  three  pieces  of  artillery.  From  this 
point  he  fell  back  after  night  to  the  Rapidan  to  prevent  being  turned, 
and  to  obtain  supplies  more  readily.  He  was  greatly  outnumbered, 
the  enemy  having  three  divisions  of  cavalry  with  infantry,  and  he 
having  three  brigades,  the  fourth  (Fitz.  Lee's)  being  still  at  Freder- 
icksburg. He  reports  that  his  men  behaved  with  bravery  and  that 
he  took  a  considerable  number  of  prisoners.  He  left  a  picket  force 
in  front  of  the  enemy  at  Cedar  Mountain,  and  I  have  heard  nothing 
from  him  this  morning.  It  maybe  a  reconnoissance  in  force  merely, 
but  I  have  made  preparations  in  case  it  should  be  an  advance  of  his 
whole  force.  I  have  been  informed  that  the  New  York  Herald  of 
the  9th  instant  contained  the  movement  of  Longstreet' s  corps  in  the 


326  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

order  in  which  his  divisions  moved,  and  even  contains  the  announce- 
ment that  two  of  his  brigades  would  probably  stop  in  Richmond  and 
Wise  and  Jenkins  take  their  places.  I  only  communicated  the  move- 
ment to  the  Quartermaster-General  on  the  night  of  the  6th  instant, 
and  it  must  have  reached  New  York  on  the  7th  or  8th  in  order  to  be 
in  the  Herald  of  the  9th.  I  fear  there  has  been  great  imprudence  in 
talking  on  the  part  of  our  people,  or  that  there  may  be  improper 
persons  among  the  officers  or  railroad  clerks. 

I  am,  with  great  respect,  your  obedient  servant, 

R.  E.  Lee,  General. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  the  Valley  District  August  20,  1864.* 

[Compiled  by  War  Record's  Office.] 
RODES'   DIVISION,  f 

Major-General  R.  E.  Rodes. 
Grimes^  Brigade.  Cook's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  Brjan  Grimes.  Brigadier-General  Phil.  Cook. 

Thirty-second  North  Carolina.  Fourth  Georgia. 

Forty-third  North  Carolina.  Twelfth  Georgia. 

Forty-fifth  North  Carolina.  Twenty-first  Georgia. 

Fifty-third  North  Carolina.  Forty-fourth  Georgia. 
Second  North  Carolina  Battalion. 

Cox's  Brigade.  Battle's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  W.  R.  Cox.  Brigadier-General  C.  A.  Battle. 

First  North  Carolina.  Third  Alabama. 

Second  North  Carolina.  Fifth  Alabama. 

Third  North  Carolina.  Sixth  Alabama. 

Fourth  North  Carolina.  Twelfth  Alabama. 

Fourteenth  North  Carolina.  Sixty-first  Alabama. 

Thirtieth  North  Carolina. 

Gordon's  division. 

Major-General  John  B.  Gordon. 

Hays'  Brigade.  % 

Colonel  William  Monaghan. 

Fifth  Louisiana,  Major  A.  Hart. 
Sixth  Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel  J.  Hanlon. 
Seventh  Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel  T.  M.  Terry. 
Eighth  Louisiana,  Captain  L  Prados. 
Ninth  Louisiana,  Colonel  William  R.  Peck. 
Stafford's  Brigade.  X 

Colonel  Eugene  Waggaman. 

First  Louisiana,  Captain  Joseph  Taylor. 

Second  Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel  M.  A.  Grogan. 

Tenth  Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel  H.  D.  Monier. 


Organization  of  the  Army  of  the  Valley  District.  327 

Fourteenth  Louisiana,  Lieutenant-Colonel  David  Zable. 
Fifteentii  Louisiana,  Captain  H.J.  Egan. 

Evans''  Brigade. 

Colonel  E.  N.  Alkiiisoii. 

Thirteenth  Georgia,  Colonel  John  H.  Baker. 

Twenty-sixth  Georgia,  Lieutenant  Colonel  James  S.  Blain. 

Thirty-first  Georgia,  Colonel  John  H   Lowe. 

Thirty-eighth  Georgia,  Major  Thomas  H.  Bomar. 

Sixtieth  Georgia,  Captain  Milton  Russell. 

Sixty-first  Georgia,  Captain  E.  F.  Sharpe. 

Twelfth  Georgia  Battalion,  Captain  James  \V.  Anderson. 

Terry's  Brigade.  ? 
Brigadier-General  William  Terry. 

Colonel  J.  H.  F.  Funk.  Colonel  R.  H.  Dungan. 

Second  Virginia.  Twenty-first  Virginia. 

Fourth  Virginia.  Twenty-fifth  Virginia. 

Fifth  Virginia.  Forty  second  Virginia. 

Twenty-seventh  Virginia.  Forty-fourth  Virginia. 

Thirty-third  Virginia.  Forty-eighth  Virginia. 

Fiftieth  Virginia. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  S.  H.  Saunders. 
Tenth  Virginia. 
Twenty-third  Virginia. 
Thirty-seventh  Virginia. 

ramseur's  division.! 

Major  General  S.  D.  Ramseur. 

Pegrani's  Brigade.  Johnston' s  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  John  Pegram.  Brigadier-General  R.  D.  Johnston. 

Thirteenth  Virginia.  Fifth  North  Carolina. 

Thirty-first  Virginia.  Twelfth  North  Carolina. 

Forty-ninth  Virginia.  Twentieth  North  Carolina. 

Fifty-second  Virginia.  Twenty-third  North  Carolina. 

Fifty-eighth  Virginia. 

Godivin's  Brigade. 

Brigadier-General  A.  C.  Godwin. 

Sixth  North  Carolina. 
Twenty-first  North  Carolina. 
Fifty- fourth  North  Carolina. 
Fifty-seventh  North  Carolina. 
First  North  Carolina  Battalion. 

*As  shown  by  inspection  reports;  cavalry  and  artillery  not  accounted  for. 
t  Regimental  commanders  not  inilicated  on  inspection  report. 
J  These  brigades  united  under  command  of  Brigadier-General  Zebulon  York, 
g  Composed  of  the  fragmentary  remains  of  fourteen  of  the  regiments  ot  Kdward  Johnson's  di- 
vision, most  of  which  was  captured  by  the  enemy  May  12,  1864. 


328  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Two  Anecdotes  of  General  Lee. 
By  Walter  B.  Barker. 

The  life  and  character  of  so  noble  a  man  as  General  Robert  E. 
Lee  is  a  theme  that  none  but  our  greatest  minds  should  dis- 
cuss in  public  or  in  private,  but  with  your  permission  the  writer,  who 
held  an  humble  position  on  the  staff  of  Brigadier-General  Jos.  R. 
Davis,  of  Mississippi,  (nephew  of  Jefferson  Davis),  in  the  Army  of 
Northern  Virginia,  will  relate  two  little  incidents  which  happened 
at  the  "  Battle  of  the  Wilderness"  : 

On  the  eve  of  the  5th  of  May  General  Lee,  with  General  Stuart, 
rode  to  the  front,  where  Stuart's  cavalry  had  encountered  the  ad- 
vance of  the  Federal  army.  As  they  rode  through  the  infantry, 
then  awaiting  orders,  passing  a  farm-house,  three  young  ladies  stood 
at  the  gate  of  the  residence,  holding  a  package,  which  from  his  gal- 
lantry, or  good  looks,  or  both,  they  entrusted  to  Capt.  E.  P.  Thomp- 
son (nephew  of  Jake  Thompson,  and  now  a  Mississippi  editor),  of 
General  Davis's  staff,  with  the  request  that  he  deliver  the  same  to 
General  Lee.  It  contained  three  handsomely  embroidered  colored 
merino  overshirts,  very  much  worn  in  the  army.  Capt.  Thompson 
at  once  rode  forward  to  overtake  the  General,  who  had  by  this 
time  reached  within  range  of  the  shots  from  Grant's  skirmishers, 
and  while  under  fire  tendered  the  gift  as  from  the  ladies.  General 
Lee,  with  his  usual  self-possession  and  courteous  bearing,  said  to 
Capt.  T.  :  "  Return  my  warmest  thanks  to  the  ladies,  and  be  kind 
enough  to  deliver  the  package  to  one  of  my  couriers  :  say  that  I 
trust  I  may  see  and  thank  them  in  person. 

Early  on  the  morning  of  the  6th,  Grant,  who  had  massed  a  heavy 
force  in  the  immediate  front  of  Davis's  Mississippi  brigade,  opened  fire 
and  began  a  forward  movement  on  our  lines  at  this  point.  Seeing  we 
were  unable  to  check  their  advance.  Colonel  Stone  (since  Governor 
of  Mississippi),  commanding  Davis's  brigade,  sent  word  to  General 
Heth,  division  commander,  that  he  must  be  reinforced,  which  brought 
to  our  aid  a  division  of  Longstreet's  corps,  led  in  person  by  that 
able  Lieutenant-General.  It  was  at  this  critical  crisis  that  General 
Lee  appeared  upon  the  scene.  After  the  enemy  had  been  repulsed 
on  the  right,  and  while  our  chieftain  was  awaiting,  in  painful  anxiety, 
information  from  our  left  wing,  a  courier — a  mere  youth — came 
dashing  up  with  a  message  from  Lieutenant-General  R.  H.  Ander- 
son, his  small  pony  panting  like  a  deer  that  had  been  pursued  by  a 


The  Cruise  of  the  Nashville.  329 

pack  of  trained  hounds.  Delivering  his  sealed  message  to  General 
Lee  in  person,  who,  after  reading  it,  noticing  how  tired  his  pony 
was,  said  to  him:  "Young  man,  you  should  have  some  feeling  for 
your  horse;  dismount  and  rest  him  !"  at  the  same  time  taking  from 
the  small  saddle-bags  attached  to  his  own  saddle  a  buttered  biscuit, 
giving  half  of  it,  from  his  own  hand,  to  the  young  courier's  pony. 
This  act  of  consideration  for  the  dumb  beast  made  a  lasting  impres- 
sion upon  my  then  youthful  mind,  and  taught  me  ever  since  to  treat 
all  animals  as  if  they  had  feelings  as  ourselves.  At  the  moment  it 
occurred  to  me,  hu7igry  as  I  was,  that  he  had  better  have  divided 
his  biscuit  with  the  rider  of  the  animal,  or  myself;  but  I  soon  appre- 
ciated the  motive  of  his  hospitality  to  the  poor  beast,  and,  as  before 
stated,  learned  a  lesson  in  kindness  to  animals  I  shall  not  soon  forget. 

WALTER  B.  BARKER, 

^oy  Broadway,   Nezv    York   City. 


The  Cruise  of  the  Nashville. 

By  Judge  Theodore  S.  Garnett,  Jr. 

[From  Facts  Furnished  by  Lieutenant  W.  C.  Whittle.] 

In  1861  the  Nashville,  then  used  as  a  freight  and  passenger  steamer, 
was  seized  in  the  port  of  Charleston,  S.  C,  by  the  Confederate  au- 
thorities and  soon  fitted  out  for  the  purpose  of  taking  Messrs.  Mason 
and  Slidell  to  Europe.  She  was  a  side-wheel,  brig-rigged  steamer, 
of  about  one  thousand  two  hundred  or  one  thousand  four  hundred 
tons,  and  was  therefore  deemed  by  them  too  large  a  vessel  to  run  the 
blockade.  That  purpose  was  accordingly  abandoned.  Captain  R. 
B.  Pegram,  then  in  command  of  the  Nashville,  fitted  her  with  two 
small  guns  and  made  her  ready  for  sea,  with  a  full  crew  of  officers 
and  men.  The  following  is  a  list  of  her  officers  :  Captain,  R.  B.  Pe- 
gram ;  Charles  M.  Fauntleroy,  First  Lieutenant  ;  John  W.  Bennett, 
Second  Lieutenant  ;  William  C.  Whittle,  Third  Lieutenant  ;  John  H. 
Ingram,  Master  ;  Jno.  L.  Ancrum,  Surgeon  ;  Richard  Taylor,  Pay- 
master ;  James  Hood,  Chief  Engineer  ;  Assistant  Murray,  and  two 
others,  and  the  following  Midshipmen  :  W.   R.  Dalton,  William   H. 

Sinclair,   Clarence    Cary,    J.   W.   Pegram,   W.    P.    Hamilton,  

Thomas  and McClintock. 

Early  in  the  fall  of  1861  she  ran  out  of  Charleston,  touched  at  Ber- 
muda for  coal  and  soon  arrived  at  Southampton,  England,  having 


330  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

captured  and  burned  C7i  route  the  American  ship  Harvey  Birch. 
Here  we  remained  until  the  latter  part  of  January,  1862.  About  the 
1st  of  February,  1862,  we  sailed  for  the  Confederacy,  evading  the 
United  States  steamer  Tuscarora,  which  had  for  some  time  been 
watching  an  opportunity  to  capture  the  Nashville,  having  been  sent 
for  that  purpose.  The  manner  of  our  escape  is  worthy  of  mention. 
The  Queen's  proclamation  of  neutrality  required  that  neither  bel- 
ligerent should  leave  port  until  twenty-four  hours  after  the  hour  set 
for  the  sailing  of  the  other.  The  Tuscarora  immediately  got  under 
way  and  lay  off  the  port  to  avoid  the  restriction,  awaiting  our  de- 
parture, but  one  evening  came  to  anchor  near  the  Isle  of  Wight, 
within  the  limit  of  British  jurisdiction.  Captain  Pegram,  learning 
this,  at  once  notified  the  government  that  he  would  set  sail  at  a  cer- 
tain hour  the  next  day,  and  the  Tuscarora  was  notified  that  she  must 
remain  until  the  expiration  of  the  twenty-four  hours  thereafter.  A 
British  vessel  was  sent  down  to  see  that  this  order  was  not  violated 
and  the  Nashville,  with  flying  colors,  steamed  proudly  by  the  Tus- 
carora and  passed  out  to  sea,  leaving  her  commander  and  crew  to 
meditate  on  the  delightful  uncertainties  of  the  law  of  nations. 

The  run  to  Bermuda  was  without  incident,  save  that  we  encoun- 
tered a  gale  of  wind  which  did  us  considerable  damage.  After  re- 
pairing and  coaling  ship  we  took  on  board  the  Master  and  crew  of  a 
North  Carolina  schooner,  which  had  been  wrecked  by  the  gale  at 
Bermuda.  The  Master  agreed  to  pilot  us  into  the  harbor  of  Beau- 
fort, N.  C. ,  and  we  made  for  that  port.  On  the  way  the  schooner 
Gilfillan  was  captured  and  destroyed.  Arriving  off  Beaufort  we 
found  one  United  States  blockade  steamer  and  determined  to  pass 
in  by  a  7'use  de  guerre.  A  steamer  very  much  like  the  Nashville 
was  then  employed  by  the  United  States  navy  in  carrying  the  mails 
and  communicating  with  the  blockading  squadron.  Personating  this 
steamer  and  flying  the  United  States  flag,  we  ran  confidently  up  to 
the  blockader  and  made  signal  to  her  to  come  and  get  her  mails. 
The  Nashville  was  hove  to  under  gentle  pressure  of  steam  and  the 
blockader  lowered  a  boat.  While  pulling  towards  us  we  changed 
our  course  and  ran  for  port.  Before  their  mistake  was  discovered 
the  Nashville  was  out  of  reach  of  the  enemy's  guns,  which,  how- 
ever, fired  shot  after  shot  in  impotent  rage,  all  falling  short  as  we 
widened  the  distance  under  full  steam,  making  safe  harbor  at  More- 
head  City  on  the  28th  day  of  February,  1862. 

Captain  Pegram,  after  visiting  Richmond  and  reporting  to  the 
Navy  Department  for  instructions,  returned  to  the  ship,  bringing  in- 


llie  Cruise  of  the  Nashville.  331 

formation  that  the  Nashville  had  been  sold  to  private  parties  in 
Charleston.  The  order  to  remove  all  Confederate  States  property, 
including  armament,  charts  and  instruments  from  the  vessel,  were 
promptly  executed,  and  the  ship  was  left  under  the  command  of 
Lieutenant  William  C.  Whittle,  with  two  midshipmen,  Messrs.  Sin- 
clair and  Hamilton,  Boatswain  Sawyer,  Chief  Engineer  Hood,  three 
sailors,  four  firemen,  cook  and  steward,  to  be  kept  in  order  until 
taken  possession  of  by  the  agent  of  the  purchasers. 

General  Burnside's  movement  upon  Newbern,  N.  C.  was  then 
being  executed,  and  Captain  Pegram,  with  the  officers  and  crew  of 
the  Nashville,  went  through  on  one  of  the  last  trains  that  could  escape, 
after  which  all  communication  inland  was  completely  cut  off.  Burnside's 
expedition  was  moving  upon  Morehead  City  and  the  capture  of  the 
Nashville  seemed  inevitable.  The  blockading  fleet  had  been  in- 
creased to  two  steamers  and  one  sailing  vessel,  and  the  Federal 
troops  were  on  the  march  to  seize  the  vessel  as  she  lay  tied  up  at  the 
wharf 

To  most  minds  escape  would  have  appeared  an  absolute  impossi- 
bility. Without  a  crew  or  means  of  defense,  without  even  a  chart  or 
chronometer,  short  of  coal  and  provisions,  the  ideaof  saving  the  ship 
was  simply  vain.  But  to  Lieutenant  Whittle  there  seemed  a  single 
chance,  and  he  gallantly  determined  "to  take  that  chance."  The  fall 
of  Fort  Macon  he  thought  only  a  question  of  time,  and  a  very  short 
time  at  that  ;  the  blockade  must  therefore  be  broken  and  Whittle 
prepared  to  do  it.  Quietly  and  secretly  he  set  to  work,  and  being 
assured  by  his  Chief  Engineer  (Hood)  that  with  his  small  force 
and  the  assistance  of  the  deck  hands  he  could  keep  the  vessel  under 
steam,  he  made  ready  to  run  through  the  blockading  fleet.  He  was 
fortunate  in  securing  the  services  of  Captain  Gooding,  an  excel- 
lent coast  pilot,  who  was  then  in  command  of  a  sailing  ship  block- 
aded in  the  harbor.  He  brought  with  him  a  chart,  chronometer  and 
sextant,  and  such  instruments  as  were  deemed  absolutely  necessary 
for  navigation,  with  the  promise  from  Lieutenant  Whittle  that  if  his 
eflbrts  were  successful  the  ultimate  command  of  the  ship  would  be 
given  him  by  the  purchasers. 

From  this  point  the  writer  prefers  to  give  the  story  in  Lieutenant 
Whittle's  own  words  :  "  Having  made  all  my  preparations  to  destroy 
the  ship,  if  necessary,  to  prevent  her  capture  in  passing  out,  I 
dropped  down  under  the  guns  of  Fort  Macon.  Colonel  White,  in 
command  of  the  fort,  came  on  board  and  told  me  of  the  eflbrts  that 
were  being  made  for  my  capture.     He  suggested  that,  as  I  had  no 


332  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

means  of  defense,  I  should,  on  the  approach  of  the  expedition,  de- 
stroy my  vessel  and  come  into  his  fort  as  a  reinforcement  to  him.  I 
then  divulged  to  Colonel  White  my  plan  of  escape  and  notified  him 
of  my  intention  to  run  out  that  evening,  requesting  him  to  see 
that  I  was  not  fired  upon  by  his  command.  He  was  delighted  with 
the  plan  and  wished  me  God-speed.  On  the  evening  of  March  17, 
1862,  between  sunset  and  moonrise,  the  moon  then  being  nearly 
full,  I  tripped  my  anchor  and  ran  out.  As  soon  as  I  was  under  way 
a  rocket  was  sent  up  from  the  lower  side  of  Bogue  Island,  below  Fort 
Macon,  by  an  enemy's  boat,  sent  ashore  from  the  blockaders  for  the 
purpose  of  watching  me,  giving  me  the  assurance  that  my  movement 
had  been  detected. 

"  Steaming  towards  the  entrance  at  the  bar,  I  found  the  three  ves- 
sels congregated  close  together  under  way  and  covering  the  narrow 
channel.  Just  before  reaching  the  bar  I  slipped  my  anchor,  which 
in  hoisting  had  caught  under  the  forefoot,  in  order  to  prevent  its 
knocking  a  hole  in  the  ship's  bottom,  as  I  knew  we  would  strike  in 
going  over  the  bar.  We  were  going  at  full  speed,  say  fourteen  knots 
per  hour.  I  was  in  the  pilot  house  with  Gooding  and  two  others 
were  at  the  wheel.  The  blockaders,  underway  and  broadside  to  me, 
were  across  my  path.  I  ran  for  the  one  farthest  to  the  northward 
and  eastward,  with  the  determinatfon  to  go  through  or  sink  both 
ships.  As  I  approached  rapidly  I  was  given  the  right  of  way  and 
passed  through  and  out  under  a  heavy  fire  from  the  three  vessels. 
They  had  commenced  firing  as  soon  as  I  got  within  range  and  con- 
tinued until  I  passed  out,  firing  in  all,  as  well  as  we  could  determine, 
about  twenty  guns.  The  moon  rose  clear  and  full  a  short  time  after- 
wards and  found  us  well  out  to  sea,  no  attempt  being  made  to  pur- 
sue us  that  we  could  discover. 

' '  We  ran  on  out  to  the  inner  edge  of  the  Gulf  Stream,  where  we  re- 
mained until  the  next  day,  and  in  the  afternoon  of  the  i8th  of  March 
shaped  our  course  for  Charleston.  Arriving  in  the  midst  of  the 
blockading  fleet  there  before  dawn  of  the  19th,  we  discovered  their 
position  by  the  great  number  of  rockets  which  they  were  sending  up 
to  signal  the  fact  that  our  presence  was  known.  This,  together  with 
the  fact  that  the  stone  fleet  had  been  sunk  in  the  channel,  leaving 
only  the  Mafiitt's  channel  open,  and  not  knowing  how  far  even  that 
was  obstructed,  made  me  conclude  not  to  attempt  to  run  in.  With 
an  exhausted  crew  and  short  of  coal,  I  put  back  and  ran  clear  of  the 
blockaders.  At  daylight  on  the  19th  made  Cape  Roman,  steaming 
close  in  to  land,  and  tracked  up  the  beach,  intending  to  try  to  enter 


The  Cruise  of  the  Nashville.  333 

Georgetown,  S.  C;  but  seeing  the  smoke  of  two  steamers  to  the 
northward,  I  stopped  the  engines  and  made  ready  to  destroy  the 
vessels  on  their  approach,  as  we  were  in  a  condition  too  exhausted  to 
run  successfully. 

"Fortunately,  the  smoke  of  the  blockaders  disappeared  on  the  hori- 
zon, and  we  steamed  on  up  to  the  entrance  of  Georgetown,  but  on  going 
in  got  aground  on  the  bar.  Sending  out  a  boat  to  take  soundings,  I  ob- 
served a  boat  pulling  around  a  point  of  land  inside,  filled  with  armed 
men.  At  the  same  moment  a  body  of  horsemen  came  down  on  the 
beach.  Not  knowing  but  that  this  port  also  had  fallen  into  the 
hands  of  the  enemy,  I  called  my  boat  alongside  and  made  such  pre- 
parations for  defence  as  I  could  devise.  When  close  enough,  the 
boat  hailed  us  to  know  what  ship  it  was.  I  answered  by  asking 
whether  they  were  Federals  or  Confederates.  Their  reply  was:  'We 
are  South  Carolinians,'  and  I  answered:  'This  is  the  Confederate 
States  steamer  Nashville,'  which  at  first  they  seemed  to  discredit. 
Finally  they  approached,  and  I  was  told  by  the  officer  in  command 
that  Colonel  Manigault,  who  was  commanding  ashore,  had  directed 
that  if  I  was  a  Confederate  vessel  I  should  hoist  another  flag  under 
the  one  already  up.  I  told  him  I  had  no  other  except  the  United 
States  flag,  and  this  might  mislead  him.  I  then  told  him  I  needed  a 
pilot.  He  readily  and  very  quickly  pulled  ashore,  and  returned 
with  one,  bringing  me  a  message  from  Colonel  Manij^ault  that  I 
could  place  implicit  confidence  in  him,  to  let  him  take  the  ship  up  to 
Georgetown,  and  requesting  me  to  come  ashore  and  confer  with 
him.  In  the  meantime  the  Nashville,  having  been  got  afloat  by  me, 
was  placed  in  charge  of  this  pilot  and  steamed  up  to  Georgetown. 

"  I  went  ashore  and  was  received  by  Colonel  Manigault,  of  the 
South  Carolina  forces,  with  a  hearty  welcome  and  cheers  from  his 
troops.  Colonel  Manigault  inquired  whether  I  had  seen  the  block- 
aders off  Georgetown.  I  replied  that  I  had  seen  their  smoke  going 
ofl"  up  the  coast,  whereupon  he  informed  me  that  this  was  the  first 
day  for  many  weeks  that  they  had  absented  themselves  from  their 
post  in  front  of  the  harbor.  I  proceeded  at  once  to  Richmond  and 
reported  to  S.  R.  Mallory,  Secretary  of  the  Navy,  who  directed  me 
to  return  to  Charleston  and  confer  with  Messrs.  Fraser,  Trenholm  & 
Co.,  the  purchasers  of  the  vessel,  and  to  take  all  necessary  steps  to 
effect  her  transfer  to  them  as  speedily  as  possible.  I  went  to  Charles- 
ton and  in  concert  with  them  or  their  agents  the  business  was  closed, 
they  giving  the  command  of  the  ship,  at  my  request,  to  Captain 
Gooding.     Being  unable  to  carry  out  any  cargo  on  account  of  the 


334  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

bar,  she  sailed  in  ballast,  having  taken  in  coal  and  such  crew  as  could 
be  secured  for  her.  She  left  Georgetown  in  the  broad  light  of  day, 
flying  the  Confederate  flag,  before  the  blockaders  returned  to  port. 

"  After  this  she  made  several  successful  trips  through  the  block- 
ade and  later  was  transferred  to  other  parties,  and  subsequently  she 
was  attacked  by  the  enemy  and  destroyed  at  the  mouth  of  the  Oge- 
chee  river.  I  am  persuaded  that  the  Federals  did  not  know  that  the 
Nashville  went  into  Georgetown  until  it  was  revealed  to  them  by  my 
capture  below  New  Orleans  in  April,  1862.  I  had  then  among  my 
private  papers  the  rough  draft  of  my  report  to  Secretary  Mallory, 
in  which  I  had  announced  to  him  the  escape  of  the  vessel  from  More- 
head  City  and  her  entrance  into  Georgetown.  The  Federal  ofiicer 
who  read  this  rough  report  seemed  to  have  the  impression  that  the 
Nashville  had  sailed  direct  to  Nassau,  and  so  expressed  himself  to 
me.  On  my  telling  him  that  I  had  taken  her  into  Georgetown  he 
was  greatly  surprised,  and  the  circumstances  of  her  escape  were  thus 
for  the  first  time  communicated  to  the  Federal  Government." 

Norfolk,  Va.,  1882. 


Letter  from  President  Davis  to    the  Reunion   of  Confederate    Veterans  at 
Dallas,  Texas,  August  6th,   1884. 

Beauvoir,  Miss.,  July  29,  '84. 
Major  John  F.  Elliott  : 

My  Dear  Sir :  I  have  received  yours  of  the  28th  instant,  and  the 
renewed  invitation  to  attend  the  reunion  in  Texas  of  the  old  settlers 
and  ex -Confederates  intensifies  the  regret  heretofore  expressed  at 
my  inability  to  be  present  on  that  occasion.  The  very  gratifying 
terms  of  your  letter  revives  the  grateful  recollection  of  the  many 
manifestations  of  the  kind  regard  of  your  people.  From  the  date  of 
your  revolution  and  admission  as  an  independent  State  of  the  Union, 
I  have  watched  your  progress  and  development  with  the  hope  and 
expectation  that  Texas  would  be  in  the  fulfilment  of  her  destiny  the 
Empire  State  of  the  American  Union.  Her  vast  territory,  with  a 
corresponding  variety  of  climate,  soil,  mineral  and  agricultural  pro- 
ducts, form  a  solid  basis  for  such  an  anticipation  should  her  territory 
remain  undivided.  It  was  with  such  hopes  for  her  future  that,  in  the 
ofiicial  position  to  which  I  refer,  I  resisted  the  transfer  of  the  north- 
ern portion  of  the  State  to  the  public  domain  of  the  United  States  ; 
but  shorn  of  that  portion  of  her  territory  which  was  north  of  the 


Letter  from  President  Davis.  335 

parallel  of  36°  30',  there  yet  remains  enough  to  justify  the  expecta- 
tion alluded  to  above.  The  expansion  of  cultivation  has  no  doubt 
changed  the  appearance  of  the  country,  substituting  the  useful  of 
agricultural  man  for  the  beautiful  of  nature.  Years  ago,  in  its  wilder 
state,  I  went  over  wide  spreading  plains  carpeted  with  primroses, 
while  here  and  there  arose  isolated  groves  of  sturdy  oaks,  and  felt 
the  charm  of  a  scene  where  nature  had,  on  a  scale  too  grand  for 
man's  imitation,  laid  out  parks  replete  with  beauty  ;  but  the  most 
cherished  memory  is  that  of  the  cordial,  unconventional  welcome  of 
the  gallant,  free-hearted  sons  of  Texas.  Thereafter,  I  have  said  a 
Texan,  instead  of  a  "  Highland  welcome,"  the  wide  world  o'er. 

The  approaching  reunion  is  to  bring  together  the  men  whose 
friendships  were  formed  in  camp,  and  which  have  the  sure,  enduring 
foundation  of  having  been  cemented  under  the  severe  tests  of  toil, 
privation,  suffering,  and  danger  by  which  all  that  is  weak  or  meanly 
selfish  is  exposed.  Happy  indeed  must  such  reunion  be,  and  from 
afar  I  send  you  my  warmest  congratulations.  Of  the  hardy  "old 
settlers"  who,  against  desperate  odds,  won  the  battles  of  the  war 
for  independence,  of  the  veterans  who  served  in  the  war  with  Mex- 
ico, "how  few — all  weak  and  withered — of  their  force  wait  on  the 
verge  of  dark  eternity." 

The  Romans  gave  to  Great  Britain  and  to  the  United  States  in 
the  rules  and  articles  of  war  the  basis  of  the  military  establishments 
of  three  peoples,  who  have  attained  to  the  highest  degree  of  mili- 
tary glory,  and  it  was  a  rule  among  the  Romans  richly  to  reward 
their  generals  when  returning  successful  from  a  foreign  war,  but 
never  to  grant  a  triumph  for  a  victory  won  in  internecine  strife. 
With  us  the  rule  has  been  reversed,  and  the  veterans  of  the  war 
with  Mexico  have  been  the  subjects  of  a  special  discrimination. 

During  the  progress  of  the  Texas  revolution  a  distinguished 
officer  left  the  United  States  army  and  went,  unheralded,  to  join  the 
struggling  Texans,  and  entered  their  service  as  a  private.  His  abil- 
ity, as  well  as  his  reputation,  attracted  notice,  and  step  by  step  he 
rose  to  the  command  of  one  of  her  armies.  Baptized  in  her  service, 
he  became  her  adopted  son.  When  the  war  occurred  between  the 
United  States  and  Mexico  he  led  a  regiment  of  Texans  to  join  the 
army  of  the  Rio  Grande.  Thus  he  was  an  "old  settler"  and  "a 
veteran  of  the  war  with  Mexico"  He  subsequently  re-entered  the 
army  of  the  United  States,  of  which  he  was  a  brevet  Brigadier-Gen- 
eral when  Texas  seceded  from  the  Union  and  war  was  inaugurated 
between  the  States.     True  to  his  allegiance  to  his  adopted  mother 


336  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  sovereign,  he  left  the  army  of  the  United  States  and  offered  his 
sword  to  the  Confederacy.  When  commanding  a  Confederate  army 
in  one  of  the  great  battles  of  the  war,  and  victory  was  within  his 
immediate  grasp,  he  fell,  mortally  wounded,  and  died  upon  the  field. 
Great  in  council  as  in  action,  faithful  in  every  relation  of  life,  he  died 
as  he  had  lived,  the  devotee  to  duty,  and  left  behind  him  the  good 
name  which  gives  grace  and  perpetuity  to  glory.  Need  it  be  said  to 
Texans  that  I  refer  to  Albert  Sidney  Johnston?  All  that  was  mor- 
tal of  that  hero  reposes  in  the  soil  of  the  land  he  loved.  Generous, 
patriotic  Louisiana  is  constructing  an  equestrian  statue  to  his  mem- 
ory— a  tribute  twice  blessed. 

From  that  portion  of  the  State  in  which  your  reunion  is  to  be  held 
there  came  to  the  army  in  Mexico  Colonel  Wood's  regiment  of  cav- 
alry. I  was  closely  associated  with  them  on  a  critical  occasion  in  the 
attack  on  Monterey.  Should  any  of  the  survivors  be  with  you, 
please  present  my  fraternal  greeting  to  them. 

Rocked  in  the  cradle  of  revolution,  the  history  of  Texas  is  full  of 
heroic  deeds,  from  the  self-sacrificing  band  of  the  Alamo,  who  gave 
to  their  State  the  example  of  how  men  should  dare  and  die  to  pro- 
tect the  helpless,  to  the  defence  of  Sabine  Pass,  which  for  intrepidity 
and  extraordinary  success  must,  I  think,  be  admitted  to  have  no  par- 
allel in  the  annals  of  ancient  or  modern  warfare.  Texas  is  now  boldly 
striding  onward  in  the  conquests  of  peace,  and  I  cannot  wish  for  her 
a  brighter  future  than  that  in  agricultural,  mining,  manufacturing, 
educational,  social  and  religious  efforts  she  may  gather  wreaths  of 
oak  worthy  to  mingle  with  the  fadeless  laurel  that  decks  her  brow. 

Deprived  of  the  happiness  of  meeting,  probably  for  the  last  time,  the 
"  Old  Settlers  "  and  ex -Confederates  in  their  reunion,  of  receiving 
the  friendly  welcome  and  feeling  the  warm  grasp  of  their  hands,  I 
send  to  them  my  earnest  prayer  that  every  ' '  good  and  perfect  gift ' ' 
may  be  vouchsafed  to  them,  and  remain  faithfully, 

Jefferson  Davis. 


Morris  Island. 
By  Miss  Claudine  Rhett. 


Five  miles  from  Charleston  lies  Morris  Island,  facing  the  broad 
Atlantic  to  the  east,  and  divided  from  James  Island  by  a  wide 
marsh  and  a  winding  channel.  It  is  a  bare,  desolate  tract  of  barren 
land,  scarcely  rising  above  the  level  of  the  water.     The  wind  sweeps 


Morris  Island.  33*7 

over  it,  whirling  the  sea-sand  into  ever-shifting  hillocks  and  hollows, 
like  the  deserts  of  Arabia,  but  without  the  attractions  ascribed  to 
those  wildernesses  by  the  poet  Moore  ;  for  down  these  slopes  spring 
no  "silvery-footed  antelopes"  and  nowhere  does  "  the  Acacia  wave 
her  yellow  hair."  Only  a  few  stunted  shrubs  grow  along  the  west- 
ern side  of  the  island  near  the  creek,  affording  a  scant  refuge  to  the 
little  sea  birds  which  build  their  nests  among  the  wind-tossed 
branches.  The  only  inhabitants  are  an  oyster-gatherer  and  a  few 
men  who  attend  to  the  light-house.  If  human  vision  could  reach  so 
far,  one  might  stand  on  the  beach  and  look  across  the  intervening 
space  to  the  continent  of  Europe  ;  but  as  this  is  impossible,  and  we 
can  only  gaze  at  the  waste  of  waters,  there  is  nothing  to  awaken 
fancy,  or  enlist  any  one's  attention,  and  a  stranger  would  merely 
consider  this  low  island  to  be  a  hopelessly  desolate  and  utterly  insig- 
nificant part  of  the  surface  of  the  earth.  Yet  the  waves  that  break 
heavily  along  the  shores  seem  to  murmur  the  sad  refrain  of  the 
prophet  of  old,  "  Is  it  nothing  to  you,  all  ye  that  pass  by  ?"  while 
the  wind  replies  mournfully,  "  Nothing." 

Those  who  are  unacquainted  with  the  facts  of  the  case  will  hardly 
realize  the  statement  to  be  true,  that  twenty-one  years  ago,  during 
the  months  of  July  and  August,  that  parched  and  sterile  island  was 
the  most  important  spot  of  ground  in  the  State  of  South  Carolina  ; 
and  was  the  point  to  which  all  hearts  and  eyes  turned.  It  was  the 
out-post  of  Charleston,  and  under  the  burning  rays  of  the  summer 
sun,  our  best  and  bravest  soldiers  were  fighting  in  defense  of  this  old 
city.  The  first  question  that  was  asked  in  those  days,  when  friends 
met,  was,  "What  is  the  latest  news  from  Morris  Island?"  The 
shells  could  be  plainly  heard  in  town,  of  course,  as  for  weeks  they 
continually  swept  like  a  hail-storm  over  the  Island  ;  while  on  our  side 
the  artillerists  at  Battery  Wagner  and  Battery  Gregg  replied  loudly, 
and  the  guns  of  Fort  Sumter  joined  in  the  awful  concert,  keeping 
up  an  unremitting  fire,  day  and  night,  upon  the  enemy's  camps, 
assaulting  columns,  working  parties,  and  the  fleet. 

During  the  seige  it  became  customary  to  call  the  different  batter- 
ies, as  they  were  constructed,  by  the  names  of  officers  who  had  been 
killed — thus  Battery  Cheves  was  named  after  Capt.  Langdon  Cheves, 
of  the  Engineer  Corps,  who  was  killed  at  Battery  Wagner  ;  Battery 
Simpkins,  after  Major  John  Simpkins,  of  the  Regulars,  who  also  fell 
at  this  post  ;  Battery  Haskell  and  Battery  Kringle,  on  James 
Island,  after  Captain  Charles  Haskell,  of  the  Regulars,  and  Captain 
Robert  Kringle,  besides  many  others,  'vhich  cannot  all  be  enumer- 
4 


338  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ated.  In  this  way  the  most  important  and  famous  of  all  these  earth- 
works, Battery  Wagner,  was  called  after  Major  Tom  Wagner,  of 
the  Regulars,  who  was  killed  at  Fort  Hamilton  by  the  bursting  of  a 
gun.  This  excellent  and  valued  officer  was  much  regretted,  and  his 
name  has  been  handed  down  to  history  by  the  heroic  defence  of  this 
noted  battery. 

The  fighting  for  Charleston,  which  was  to  continue  without  cessa- 
tion until  the  evacuation  of  the  city,  almost  at  the  close  of  the  war, 
began  at  the  southern  point  of  Morris  Island,  July  loth,  1863, 
where  Captain  John  C.  Mitchel,  with  a  handful  of  men,  held  the 
enemy  in  check  and  prevented  their  landing  for  many  hours,  until 
our  soldiers  were  largely  outnumbered,  while  our  position  was  enfi- 
laded by  the  fleet.  When  they  at  length  retreated,  poor  John  Bee, 
a  Lieutenant  in  the  First  artillery,  was  one  of  those  who  were  left 
dead  behind  them.  He  was  a  good  officer  and  a  fine  fellow,  with 
generous,  chivalric  feelings.  How  little  did  those  who  knew  him  as 
a  light-hearted  boy  dream  that  he  would  fall  on  that  ocean  washed 
shore  and  sleep  there  so  soundly  that  the  loudest  cannon  could  never 
more  awaken  him  to  the  turmoil  of  this  mortal  life. 

Battery  Wagner  was  assaulted  that  very  night,  and  the  weary  but 
brave-hearted  artillerists,  who  had  fought  through  all  the  heat  of  the 
day,  were  called  upon  to  stand  to  their  guns  again  and  help  to  repel 
the  efforts  which  were  vainly  made  to  capture  this  work.  I  have 
heard  an  amusing  account  of  a  little  incident  that  occurred  on  this 
occasion.  Two  brothers — one  a  Captain  of  a  company,  and  the 
other  a  private — were  standing  side  by  side,  awaiting  the  charge  of 
the  foe,  who  had  already  been  beaten  back.  Suddenly  the  younger 
one  (quite  a  boy)  was  struck  by  a  bullet,  and,  falling  down,  ex- 
claimed:  "Oh,  T ,  I  am  killed!    I  am  killed!"     The  Captain 

turned  his  head  anxiously  towards  him,  but  perceived  at  once  that 
in  the  excitement  of  the  moment  he  had  overestimated  the  extent  of 
his  injuries,  and  replied  sternly:   "You  are  not,  sir.     Get  up  and 

shoot  your  gun."      "Well,   T ,"   said  the  junior,   meekly,    "I 

thought  I  was  killed;  but  I'll  try  to  get  up."  With  that  he  scrambled 
to  his  feet  and  manfully  met  the  oncoming  attack,  standing  at  his 
post  until  it  was  defeated,  and  only  going  to  the  hospital  to  have  his 
wound  dressed  when  all  immediate  danger  was  over. 

On  the  night  of  the  i8th  of  July,  Battery  Wagner  was  again 
furiously  assaulted,  and  although  one  angle  of  the  fort  was  carried 
by  the  assailants,  they  were  at  last  driven  off  and  obliged  to  give  up 
the  idea  and  abandon  the  hope  of  ever  capturing  this  work  by  force 


Morris  Island.  339 

of  arms;  for  our  troops  were  too  vigilant  to  be  surprised,  and  too 
resolute  to  be  overcome.  So  the  engineers,  who  had  steadily  ad- 
vanced their  lines  of  earthworks  every  night  closer  and  closer  to 
ours,  ever  since  they  had  obtained  a  foothold  on  the  Island,  under- 
took the  task  of  obtaining  possession  of  Battery  Wagner  and  driving 
us  away,  and  they  eventually  succeeded  by  their  skill  in  effecting 
what  they  desired. 

The  cannon  of  the  enemy  were  of  much  heavier  calibre  than  ours, 
and  tore  down  our  parapets ;  and  a  calcium  light  which  they  mounted 
threw  an  illumination  almost  as  bright  as  day  upon  our  defences,  so 
that  our  working  parties  at  length  could  accomplish  nothing,  our 
guns  could  not  be  remounted,  nor  the  breaches  in  our  walls  repaired. 
This  kind  of  warfare  is  not  so  dangerous  as  the  storming  of  redoubts, 
or  battles  in  the  open  field,  but  it  is  very  wearying  and  harrassing, 
and  breaks  down  the  spirit  of  troops  unless  they  are  very  steady  and 
well  disciplined  ;  for  there  is  no  excitement  in  it,  and  the  protracted 
strain  on  the  nerves  wears  them  out.  Many  soldiers  after  their  term 
of  duty  was  over  at  Battery  Wagner  went  home  only  to  die  of  ty- 
phoid fever,  as  did  Captain  Julius  Alston  and  Lieutenant  Randal 
Craft,  of  the  regulars.  The  bomb-proofs  were  used  as  hospitals, 
and  were  intensely  hot  so  that  the  atmosphere  in  them  was  stifling,  and 
men  who  were  at  all  fastidious  preferred  remaining  outside  of  them, 
even  when  they  were  "off  duty,"  and  running  the  risk  of  being 
killed  by  the  continually  exploding  shells.  Oh,  those  shells  !  who, 
having  once  heard  their  rushing  voice  of  woe,  can  ever  forget  them  ? 
When  they  rise  up  in  the  air,  from  afar,  and  draw  gradually  nearer 
and  nearer,  roaring,  screaming,  and  hurtling  through  miles  of  space 
on  their  errand  of  destruction,  it  is  almost  impossible  to  believe  that 
they  are  inanimate  objects,  the  appalling  sound  they  make  is  so  ex- 
pressive of  hatred  and  malignity. 

On  the  6th  of  September  an  attack  was  made  upon  Battery  Gregg 
by  barges,  from  Vincent's  Creek  ;  but  our  signal  officers  had  been 
clever  enough  to  read  the  enemy's  signals,  and  we  were  therefore 
prepared  to  meet  their  advance — our  entire  force  at  Battery  Wagner, 
except  the  artillerists  having  been  temporarily  transferred  to  the 
point  where  the  assault  was  expected.  When  the  barges  approached, 
they  were  received  so  warmly  that  they  soon  withdrew  in  confusion. 

Colonel  Keitt,  the  commander  of  our  forces  on  Morris  Island, 
now  reported  that  the  engineers  no  longer  considered  Battery  Wag- 
ner tenable.  A  council  of  general  officers  was  held,  and  it  was  de- 
cided that  at  last  Morris  Island  must  be  evacuted.     Battery  Wagner 


340  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

had  held  out  fifty-eight  days,  but  she  was  finally  to  be  abandoned, 
and  so  the  evacuation  began,  at  9  o'clock  on  the  evening  of  the  7th 
of  September.  We  had  a  considerable  number  of  wounded  men,  be- 
cause of  the  close  proximity  of  our  works,  and  the  Federals,  who  had 
trained  their  sharp-shooters  to  pick  off  our  soldiers  very  accurately, 
whenever  any  work  was  done  on  our  defences.  The  wounded  were 
taken  to  Comming's  Point  and  embarked  first.  After  their  departure 
the  infantry  were  taken  across  to  Fort  Johnson,  on  James  Island  ; 
next  followed  the  artillerists,  then  the  rear-guard,  which  was  com- 
posed of  a  small  detachment  of  Regulars  from  Battery  Gregg  and 
Battery  Wagner,  and,  last  of  all,  three  ofiicers  and  a  sergeant,  who 
remained  to  deceive  the  enemy  up  to  the  moment  when  Captain 
Huguenin  lit  the  fuse  which  was  expected  to  blow  up  the  powder 
magazine.  They  moved  about  from  angle  to  angle,  firing  off  rifles 
as  fast  as  they  could  load  them,  so  that  the  Yankees  might  not  be 
aware  that  our  troops  had  departed,  and  that  all  they  had  to  do  was 
to  walk  in  and  take  possession.  This  was  a  very  trying  ordeal,  for 
at  any  moment  an  attack  on  our  shattered  lines  might  have  been 
made,  and  this  minute  garrison  captured  or  killed.  It  was  by  this 
time  I  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  the  moon  had  risen.  The  doors 
of  the  powder-magazine  were  opened  and  the  fuse  ignited  ;  then  they 
hastened  down  to  the  beach  to  take  their  places  in  our  last  boat. 
"  Hurry,"  shouted  the  sailors  who  manned  this  barge,  for  the  enemy 
had  discovered  that  something  unusual  was  taking  place,  and  had 
sent  their  barges  forward  again,  either  to  make  another  attack  on 
Battery  Gregg,  or  to  ascertain  our  movements.  They  had  intercept- 
ed two  of  our  boats  and  captured  forty-nine  men.  The  ofiicers,  in 
obedience  to  the  warning  summons,  hastened  rapidly  on,  but  Captain 
Huguenin  had  been  twice  struck  that  day  by  fragments  of  shells 
which  had  exploded  near  him,  and  was  so  lame  that  he  could  not 
advance  very  fast.  "Go  on,"  he  said  to  his  comrades,  "and  I  will 
overtake  you."  But  when  he  got  to  the  beach,  he  found,  to  his  dis- 
may, that  in  the  darkness  and  confusion  they  had  gone  off  and  left 
him,  supposing  him  to  be  aboard.  His  position  was  truly  a  melan- 
choly and  precarious  one,  for  the  guns  of  the  enemy's  batteries  and 
those  of  the  fleet  swept  the  open  beach,  as  the  tide  was  out  ;  and  if 
he  returned  to  Battery  Wagner,  that  was  no  refuge  to  seek  shelter 
in,  when  every  instant  he  hoped  to  hear  the  powder  blow  up,  and 
all  of  our  batteries  and  Fort  Moultrie  had  been  instructed  to  concen- 
trate their  fire  upon  it  as  soon  as  the  signal  of  our  having  evacuated 
Morris  Island  had  been  given.    To  surrender,  and  be  taken  prisoner, 


3Iorris  Island.  341 

was  also  dreadful.  Just  then  a  boat,  which  was  apparently  going 
out  to  sea,  swept  by.  He  hailed  it,  and  was  informed,  to  his  joy, 
that  it  was  a  ten-oared  Confederate  barge,  which  had  turned  back  to 
avoid  capture,  and  was  going  round  by  Sullivan's  Island.  The  officer 
in  charge,  in  reply  to  his  earnest  appeal,  "  For  God's  sake  take  me 
with  you  !"  replied,  "The  Yankees  are  too  near  to  stop,  but  wade 
out,  and  we  will  take  you  in."  So  the  last  Confederate  soldier  who 
left  Morris  Island  waded  out  breast-high  in  the  water  and  was  hauled 
aboard  as  the  boat  shot  by.  They  reached  Fort  Johnston  at  about 
3  o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  found  that  Colonel  Yates  and  a  de- 
tachment of  Regulars  were  about  to  set  off  for  Morris  Island,  to 
make  an  attempt  to  rescue  him,  but  the  effort  would  probably  have 
failed. 

A  report  that  Captain  Huguenin  had  been  killed  preceded  him  to 
the  city,  and  when  he  reported  himself,  at  about  8  o'clock,  at  Gene- 
ral Ripley's  headquarters,  the  greeting  given  him  by  the  General 
was  very  characteristic.  In  his  bluff,  military  manner  he  said:  "Is 
that  you?  Why,  I  thought  you  were  dead.  I  am  glad  to  see  you." 
It  appears,  therefore,  that  in  South  Carolina,  as  well  as  Scotland, 
"short  greeting  serves  in  times  of  war." 

General  Beauregard  was  much  disappointed  at  Batteries  Gregg 
and  Wagner  not  having  been  blown  up.  Why  the  zealous  and  reliable 
officers  who  were  deputed  to  do  this  failed  in  accomplishing  their 
design  was  because  the  fuses  they  were  ordered  to  use  were  defec- 
tive. As  soon  as  Captain  Huguenin  was  told  that  the  duty  of  blow- 
ing up  Battery  Gregg  was  assigned  to  him,  he  cut  off  several  pieces 
of  the  fuse  and  touched  them  off,  to  ascertain  if  this  important  factor 
was  in  good  order;  but  he  soon  found  that  it  was  worth  nothing. 
In  some  parts  the  fire  died  out  after  being  kindled,  and  in  others  the 
powder  flared  up  so  quickly  that  it  was  anything  but  a  slow  match. 
He  therefore  went  to  Colonel  Keitt  and  said:  "This  fuse  will  never 
explode  the  magazine.  It  was  brought  here  in  an  open  row-boat, 
and  probably  got  wet,  for  it  is  useless;  but  if  you  will  allow  me  to 
use  my  discretion  I  will  guarantee  such  an  explosion  that  where  Bat- 
tery Wagner  now  stands  there  will  soon  be  only  a  creek.  We  have 
two  barrels  of  resin.  I  will  put  them  into  the  hospital,  which  adjoins 
the  powder-magazine,  set  them  on  fire,  and  open  the  doors  of  the 
magazine,  so  that  the  flames  may  soon  ignite  the  powder,  and  if  the 
Yankees  take  possession  of  the  fort  one  minute  after  I  leave  it,  no 
man  will  be  found  bold  enough  to  venture  to  go  in  and  try  to  extin- 
guish the  fire."     Colonel  Keitt  called  a  council  of  officers  to  con- 


342  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

sider  the  question,  but  they  decided  that  as  the  commanding  Gene- 
ral had  said  "  a  fuse,"  nothing  else  could  be  used.  So  the  letter  of 
the  order  was  obeyed,  while  the  object  in  view  was  lost  sight  of 
The  fuse  was  accordingly  lighted  the  night  of  the  evacuation,  and 
after  burning  awhile  the  fire  died  out.  Neither  Battery  Wagner  nor 
Battery  Gregg,  consequently,  was  blown  up,  and  the  enemy  quietly 
took  possession  of  them  next  morning  and  mounted  their  guns  on 
our  parapets. 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations. 

By  General  T.  T.  Munford. 

Paper  No.  i. 

Rev.  J.    Win.  Jones,  Secretary  Southern  Historical  Society  : 

Recent  communications  have  appeared  in  the  Philadelphia  Weekly 
Times,  written  by  officers  who  served  in  the  Confederate  cavalry. 
The  reminiscences  which  these  have  revived,  together  with  frequent 
solicitations  from  officers  and  soldiers  of  the  brigade  I  had  the  honor 
to  command  so  long  and  often,  as  senior  Colonel  and  Brigadier 
General,  have  induced  me  at  this  late  day  to  attempt  a  narrative  of 
the  work  accomplished  by  that  command  when  under  my  immediate 
supervision.  My  task  is  fraught  with  difficulties,  and  if  its  execu- 
tion is  defective  I  hope,  in  the  interest  of  history,  it  will  be  cor- 
rected by  those  whose  memories  serve  them  better  than  rr.y  own. 
To  attempt  more  than  a  general  outline  would  be  beyond  my  limit. 
Brigadier-General  W.  C.  Wickham,  my  immediate  predecessor,  was 
elected  to  the  Confederate  Congress  in  the  spring  of  1863,  and  soon 
thereafter  was  promoted  as  Brigadier-General  of  cavalry.  He  held 
both  commissions  until  October,  1864,  when  he  resigned  his  military 
commission.  It  happened  that  in  nearly  every  important  engage- 
ment, if  he  was  present,  he  commanded  the  division  and  I  his  brig- 
ade. Whenever  we  co-operated  with  other  cavalry  brigades  in  the 
Valley  of  Virginia,  General  Fitz  Lee  being  the  senior  Major-Gen- 
eral, he  would  take  command  of  the  whole,  Wickham  of  the  divis- 
ion and  I  of  the  brigade.  General  Fitz  Lee  having  been  seriously 
wounded  at  the  battle  of  Winchester,  19th  September,  I  had  com- 
mand of  Wickham' s  brigade  from  that  time,  except  at  the  battle  of 
Cedar  Creek,  when  I  was  absent  on  sick  leave.  At  General  Rosser's 
Tom's  Brook  cavalry  disaster,  where  we  lost  nearly  "everything  on 


Reminiscences  of  Cavahy  OjMvations.  343 

wheels,"    my  trunk  and   desk  containing  all  the   data   I  had  col- 
lected fell  into  the  hands  of  the  enemy. 

Wickham  did  not  call  for  a  report  while  with  us  in  the  Valley  and 
I  did  not  make  one.  Until  these  recent  communications  I  had  con- 
tented myself  with  the  reflection  "  that  the  credit  for  what  was  done 
and  the  reward  of  the  deeds  was  in  doing  them." 

I  shall  endeavor  to  give  my  recollections  with  frankness,  and  will 
criticiseour  operations  without  hesitation,  that  the  student  in  quest  of 
facts  may  see  the  boldness  and  enterprise  displayed  by  General  J.  A. 
Early,  and  the  corresponding  want  of  it  evinced  by  his  opponent.  Gen- 
eral Phil.  Sheridan.  The  latter  had  the  tinest  equipped  army  the  world 
had  ever  seen,  numberingabout65,ooomenofallarms,  of  which  ii,ooo 
were  well  mounted  cavalry,  and  loo  field  guns.  To  combat  this 
force.  Early  had  about  14,000  men  of  all  arms,  less  than  3,500  cav- 
alry, and  the  usual  complement  of  field  guns.  Sheridan  said  our 
"  cavalry  were  in  poor  condition."  The  country  was  admirably 
suited  to  the  operations  of  large  bodies  of  cavalry,  and  one  of  their 
greatest  advantages  consisted  in  their  ability  to  subsist  largely  upon 
the  country  through  which  they  operated,  (which  was  done  without 
stint  and  without  pay).  Early's  presence  had  kept  them  ensconced  be- 
hind fortified  lines,  and  he  had  checkmated  their  movements  until 
General  Anderson's  withdrawal  to  General  R.  E.  Lee's  army  ;  after 
which  ensued  the  battles  of  Winchester,  Cedar  Creek,  Fisher's  Hill 
and  Waynesboro' ,  in  every  one  of  which  engagements  a  soldier  of 
dash  should  have  gobbled  Early's  entire  command  and  sent  him  to 
Washington,  and  moved  with  the  remainder  of  his  command  across 
the  mountains  and  joined  Grant.  Sheridan's  dispatches  to  Grant 
and  Halleck  up  to  the  battle  of  Winchester  indicate  a  caution  amount- 
ing to  timidity.  What  was  accomplished  at  the  end  of  a  six  months' 
campaign  should  have  been  done  effectually  at  Winchester. 

History  will  yet  vindicate  Early's  efforts.  "  But  friends  in  trouble 
are  rare  and  few."  General  R.  E.  Lee  had  sent  Early  to  the  Valley 
for  a  purpose.  He  clearly  understood  the  situation;  he  had  certain 
objects  to  accomplish.  Time  was  an  object  to  him.  His  limited 
means  and  sniall  army,  comparatively,  were  heavily  taxed,  his 
resources  curtailed,  and  he  could  not  spare  a  larger  force.  He 
knew  Early  was  an  educated  soldier,  and  that  he  was  tenacious  and 
full  of  fight.  His  letter  to  Early  at  the  end  of  the  Valley  campaign, 
when  Early  lost  the  little  remnant  that  had  been  retained  as  a  nucleus 
to  guard  the  upper  Valley,  shows  he  was  in  full  sympathy  with  him. 


344  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Hope  may  be  ever  bouyant,  but  real  sympathy  in  disaster  showed 
that  General  Lee  had  a  generous  spirit  and  understood  the  situation 
and  was  grateful.  Sheridan's  physical  strength  was  Early's  weak- 
ness. There  is  no  evidence  of  military  skill  or  strategy  anywhere 
shown  by  the  former. 

Of  my  old  brigade  I  must  be  permitted  to  say  it  was  composed  of 
the  best  material  Virginia  could  produce.  For  intelligence,  moral 
worth,  courage,  and  physical  endurance  it  could  not  be  surpassed, 
and  it  was  backed  by  a  patriotic  devotion  not  excelled  in  the  annals 
of  war.  It  was  the  First,  Second,  Third,  and  Fourth  Virginia  regi- 
ments of  cavalry  and  Brethead's  old  battery,  hiown  as  "Stuart's 
Horse  Battery.' '  Many  of  its  field  and  company  officers  were  edu- 
cated soldiers;  others  were  soldiers  dor7i,  and  promoted  for  distin- 
guished services.  (I  had  seventeen  officers  in  my  own  regiment  who 
had  either  graduated  or  been  cadets  at  the  Virginia  Military  Insti- 
tute.) No  officer  could  have  received  a  more  generous  and  cordial 
support  than  was  accorded  to  myself  Their  ready  obedience  to  my 
orders  under  any  and  all  circumstances  endeared  them  to  me.  A 
mutual  confidence  bound  us  by  all  the  ties  that  steeled  our  hearts 
and  spurred  our  best  energies  to  uphold  the  glorious  cause,  and 
forged  us  into  a  homogenous,  active  body,  ready  for  any  emer- 
gency.    Shakespeare  says: 

"  He  [they]  that  can  endure 
To  follow  with  allegiance  a  fallen  lord 
Doth  conquer  him  that  did  his  master  conquer. 
And  earns  a  place  in  the  story." 

I  will  show  that  this  brigade  clung  to  the  Confederate  standard- 
bearer  as  long  as  there  was  a  ray  of  hope,  and  only  when  that  last 
glimmering  ray  had  flickered  out  was  it  that  they  called  in  the  dogs 
of  war  and  furled  their  unsurrendered  flags,  carrying  them  to  their 
homes. 

As  law-abiding  citizens,  they  began  at  once,  with  the  same  devo- 
tion which  had  animated  them  as  soldiers,  to  rebuild  their  broken 
fortunes  ;  but  when  they  laid  aside  their  arms  it  was  their  resolve, 
"While  I  remain  above  the  ground  you  shall  hear  from  me  still,  and 
never  of  me  aught  but  what  is  like  me  formerly."  Neither  pri- 
vations nor  toils,  nor  the  emoluments  of  office,  have  tempted  the 
generous  and  the  true  from  the  honest  paths  of  duty.  "  Honest 
John  Letcher,"  our  grand  old  War  Governor,  told  me  a  few  years 
ago,  "  I  do  not  believe  I  commissioned  half  a  dozen  soldiers  in  your 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  345 

command  who  have  made  the  people  of  this  proud  old  Common- 
wealth feel — 

"  How  sharper  than  a  serpent's  tooth  it  is 
To  have  a  tliankless  child." 

He  had  watched  their  course  with  great  pride,  having  put  them  in 
the  field.  I  cannot  attempt  to  recount  the  splendid  deeds  of  personal 
gallantry  seen  in  every  affair  and  engagement,  or  the  traditions,  the 
songs,  and  the  stories  ever  dear  to  the  old  veterans.  They  will  live 
in  memory  and  mingle  with  the  sad  trials  and  scenes  of  a  retreat, 
and  the  glories  of  many  a  victory  (dearly  bought)  whenever  they 
meet  together  and  fight  their  battles  over  again.  They  will  never  be 
forgotten  by  them. 

"  How  many  ages  hence 
Shall  our  lofty  scenes  be  acted  over — 
In  states  unborn  and  accents  yet  unknown  ? 

*    *    *    So  oft  as  that  shall  be, 
So  oft  shall  the  knots  of  us  be  called 

The  men  who  fought  for  constitutional  liberty." 

Can  we  forget  the  music  of  the  sweet  tattoo  or  the  merry  revielle  ? 
— the  stormy  nights  when  for  hours  the  solitary  vidette  sat  on  his 
horse,  in  the  face  of  the  enemy,  shivering  with  cold,  with  not  even  a 
leafless  tree  to  shelter  and  turn  from  him  the  chilly,  penetrating  winds 
of  December  ?  Can  we  forget  the  neigh  and  whimper  of  our  faithful 
steeds,  with  whom  his  master  would  often  divide  his  scanty  rations 
of  hard-tack  to  stay  the  qualms  of  hunger  ?  Those  were  the  days 
that  tried  the  metal  and  souls  of  our  men,  and  taught  the  "  boys  in 
blue  "  that  they  might  overpower  us  by  numbers,  but  that  flags  and 
supplies  and  well-paid  ranks  could  never  conquer  us  in  a  fair  fight, 
nor  drive  us  from  the  field. 

It  is  proper  that  I  should  give  some  insight  into  the  difficulties 
which  surrounded  a  cavalry  soldier  before  I  enter  directly  upon  my 
narrative.  Very  few  soldiers  of  the  other  arms  of  the  service  have 
examined  into  this  subject.  Many  have  fancied  that  they  would 
have  been  delighted  to  have  had  an  opportunity  for  such  an  easy 
berth;  that  the  bugle's  call  for  boots  and  saddles,  followed  by  the 
note  to  mount,  was  a  pleasant  pastime,  and  that  moving  out  to  the 
front,  to  dare  the  field,  was  nothing,  "as  they  had  to  follow  and  do 
the  work."  Remember,  it  takes  a  fusion  of  the  best  metals  to  make 
a  fine-toned  bell,  and  it  takes  the  same  sort  of  fusion  or  mixture  in  a 
body  of  soldiers  to  make  an  army;  and  when  many  a  gallant  cav- 


346  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

airy  soldier  fell  in  front  of  the  army  in  a  charge,  and  laid  there  "for 
pavement  to  the  abject  rear,  like  an  entered  tide  they  rush  by  and 
leave  him  hindmost,  his  good  office  and  services  too  soon  forgotten." 
Each  cavalryman  had  to  supply  himself  with  a  horse  and  turn  it 
over  to  the  Government  (have  him  mustered  in),  for  which  the  Gov- 
ernment agreed  to  pay  him  $io  a  month  and  to  supply  him  food  and 
shoes  and  nails,  and  a  blacksmith  to  do  his  shoeing,  free  of  expense 
to  him. 

It  was  a  Government  of  our  own  making.  We  all  felt  sure  it 
would  do  the  very  best  it  could  for  us;  but  we  soon  realized  that  we 
had  its  prayers,  as  it  had  ours,  but  that  it  did  not  possess  and  could 
not  furnish  us  in  sufficient  quantities  the  supplies  our  pressing  neces- 
sities demanded,  and  we  also  knew  that  the  efficiency  of  a  command 
was  exactly  in  proportion  to  the  way  in  which  it  was  fostered  and 
guarded.  Experience  soon  demonstrated  that  we  must  help  the 
Government,  and  its  need  demanded  our  best  effiarts.  We  were  in 
a  war,  and  ' '  he  was  not  worthy  of  the  honeycomb  that  shuns  the 
hive  because  the  bees  have  stings." 

A  soldier  can  cheerfully  submit  to  personal  privations  and  toil,  his 
mind  and  spirit  keeps  him  buoyant,  but  a  horse  loses  spirit  and 
strength,  and  the  more  spirit  he  has  the  worse  it  is  for  him  as  soon 
as  his  rations  are  cut  down  and  double  duty  imposed  upon  him.  We 
could  get  grass  sometimes,  when  corn  could  not  be  had,  and  when 
in  camp  they  could  live  ;  but  the  finest  horse  in  the  best  physical 
condition,  casting  a  shoe  on  a  rough,  rocky  road  and  forced  rapidly 
over  it,  will  be  rendered  wholly  unfit  for  service  in  half  a  day.  The 
cavalry  were  used  as  couriers,  scouts,  guides — the  eyes  and  ears  of 
the  army.  They  were  expected  to  move  promptly  and  quickly,  the 
loss  of  a  shoe  was  not  taken  as  a  valid  excuse  when  dispatch  was 
demanded.  Few  men  well  enough  off  to  furnish  their  own  horses, 
could  nail  on  a  horse-shoe  (if  he  had  the  tools),  and  if  he  had  extra 
shoes  and  nails  in  his  saddle-pocket,  and  the  company's  blacksmith 
was  sick  or  absent,  what  could  he  do  ?  The  service  was  too  preca- 
rious to  admit  of  wagons  accompanying  an  expedition,  so  that, 
with  the  best  management,  it  often  happened  neither  shoes,  nails  or 
smith  could  be  had.  I  have  seen  my  men  many  a  time  have  the 
hoof  of  a  dead  horse  strapped  to  their  saddles,  which  they  had  cut 
off  at  the  ankle  with  their  pocket-knives,  and  would  carry  them  until 
they  could  find  a  smith  to  take  it  off  with  his  nippers,  and  thus  sup- 
ply their  sore-footed  steeds.  In  the  Valley  the  roads  were  McAd- 
amized,  and  exceedingly  hard  on  the  horses'  feet.     One  horse,  how- 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  347 

ever  well  managed,  could  not  perform  the  duty  required  of  a  cavalry- 
man. It  took  many  horses  for  each  man  during  the  four  years  of 
the  war.  When  the  war  commenced  it  was  an  easy  matter  to  secure 
a  horse,  but  the  demand  increased  so  rapidly  and  the  number  de- 
creased at  a  so  much  greater  ratio  that  at  last  it  would  cost  five  years' 
pay  in  Confederate  money  to  purchase  a  good  cavalry  horse.  The 
Government  only  agreed  to  pay  for  horses  killed  in  battle,  and  it 
would  take  weeks  and  sometimes  months  to  get  the  money  after  all 
the  papers  had  gone  through  the  "tape  of  office  in  Richmond." 
Many  a  cavalryman  mortgaged  his  property  to  supply  himself  with 
horses,  and  had  to  pay  in  greenbacks  after  the  war  what  was  ex- 
pected of  our  Government.  The  Government  was  very  short  of 
transportation  ;  it  could  not  send  the  men  and  horses  back  to  their 
homes  when  necessary  to  exchange  their  y^^'c^ow^.y  for  fresh  horses  ; 
neither  would  it  pay  the  extra  expense  he  incurred  to  accomplish 
this  object.  Take  this  illustration :  A  member  of  a  company, 
whose  home  was  in  Washington  county.  Southwestern  Virginia,  has 
his  horse  wounded  near  Martinsburg,  or  Shepherdstown,  in  Jeffer- 
son county.  How  long  a  time  will  it  take  that  man  to  carry  his  jade 
back  home  and  hunt  up  a  fresh  horse  ?  To  keep  that  animal  in 
camp  to  consume  the  scanty  rations  doled  out  to  the  active  horses 
reported  for  duty  was  poor  management ;  but  we  had  no  men  de- 
tailed at  camp  for  that  purpose,  and  yet  a  cavalryman  without  a 
horse  during  an  active  campaign  was  a  mere  "  camp  dog,"  and  the 
good  soldiers  would  not  stay  there.  The  only  thing  to  be  done  was 
to  start  him  as  soon  after  the  horse  was  unfit  as  the  papers  could  be 
gotten  ready,  and  if  the  horse  was  kept  too  long  in  camp  it  was  just 
that  much  added  to  his  difficulties  in  getting  home,  and  when  we 
were  actively  engaged  in  the  field  the  difficulties  of  getting  the  pa- 
pers promptly  was  a  severe  tax  upon  the  Adjutants  of  regiments  and 
the  Assistant- Adjutants  of  brigades,  &c.,  &c. 

It  kept  on  an  average  at  least  one-third  of  a  regiment  on  the  road 
to  and  from  home  to  remount.  One-third  of  a  regiment  would  gen- 
erally be  sick  and  wounded.  In  a  fight  (dismounted)  it  took  one- 
fourth  of  the  men  to  hold  the  horses  of  the  dismounted  men,  and 
when  we  were  far  from  our  camps  or  wagons,  about  one-eighth  of  the 
men  would  be  detailed  to  secure  food  for  the  horses  and  rations  for 
the  men.  You  will  thus  perceive  what  duty  those  present  had  to 
perform,  and  what  was  expected  of  a  cavalry  regiment.  In  General 
Early's  narrative  he  gives  Wickham's  brigade  an  honorable  record 
and  credits  them  for  the  work  done. 


348  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

George  E.  Pond,  assistant  editor  of  the  Anny  and  Nazy  Journal, 
has  written  a  book  (which  is  regarded  as  having  General  Sheridan's 
approval),  in  which  he  gives  Wickham's  brigade  a  fair  record  from 
a  Federal  stand-point.  With  the  assistance  of  these  two  books  I 
will  try  and  give  an  outline  of  my  recollections  of  what  occurred  in 
the  fights  under  my  immediate  supervision.  When  we  entered  the 
Confederate  service  we  were  armed  with  double-barrel  shot-guns  of 
every  conceivable  calibre,  and  our  saddles  and  bridles  were  citizens' 
make  of  every  conceivable  shape,  and  wholly  unsuited  for  cavalry 
service.  When  we  laid  down  our  arms  we  had  as  complete  an  out- 
fit for  each  cavalryman  in  my  brigade  as  we  wanted,  all  of  which 
had  been  supplied  by  the  United  States  Quartermaster  Department, 
through  their  cavalry,  and  captured  by  us — the  finest  cavalry  pistols, 
sabres,  carbines,  saddles,  halters  and  bridles,  blankets  and  canteens, 
oil-cloths  and  tent-flies — in  short,  all  that  we  wanted,  and  our  trans- 
portation were  all  branded  "U.  S.,"  together  with  the  mules  and 
harness.  Our  cavalry  battery,  caissons,  battery  forges,  &c. ,  all  had 
the  U.  S.  brand  until  Rosser's  great  disaster  at  Tom's  Brook  9th 
October,  1864. 

RECONNOISANCE   IN    FORCE    IQTH    AUGUST,    1 864. 

Wickham's  brigade  of  Fitz.  Lee's  division,  Anderson's  corps,  was 
stationed  to  the  right  of  Winchester,  near  Abram's  creek.  Its  pick- 
ets extended  along  the  line  of  the  Opequon  creek  from  the  crossing 
of  the  Berryville  pike  north,  towards  Summit  Point.  In  front  of  us 
was  Merritt's  division  of  the  enemy's  cavalry,  each  holding  the  op- 
posite banks  of  the  Opequon.  About  midday  I  received  orders 
from  General  Wickham  to  move  with  the  brigade  and  battery 
(Brethead's  old  battery  of  horse- artillery)  down  the  Berryville  pike 
and  find  the  location  of  the  enemy's  army.  On  reaching  the  outpost 
the  picket  squadron  cleared  the  way  by  a  dash  across  the  creek,  which 
was  followed  closely  by  the  brigade.  The  enemy's  videttes  were 
pressed  back  upon  their  reserve,  and  they  in  turn  upon  the  regi- 
ment supporting  the  picket.  At  their  reserve  they  had,  in  a  piece 
of  woods,  a  strong  cavalry  barricade,  from  which  they  gave  us  a 
warm  reception.  Their  position  commanded  the  road,  and  our  bat- 
tery could  not  be  brought  into  action.  I  dismounted  the  brigade 
and  sent  Lieutenant-Colonel  Cary  Breckinridge,  of  the  Second  Vir- 
ginia, to  turn  their  right,  which  he  did  handsomely  by  moving  well 
to  our  left  and  front;  but  in  this  attack  he  was  severely  wounded. 
Our    battery  once  up  and    in   position,  we  drove  them    steadily. 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  349 

Colonel  William  H.  Payne,  commanding  the  Fourth  Virginia,  sup- 
ported the  battery  with  spirit,  and  the  Third  and  First  pressing 
steadily  forward  on  my  right,  while  Major  Graves,  of  the  Second, 
moved  steadily  ahead  on  their  right  and  kept  their  right  contract- 
ing. Twice  they  were  reinforced,  and  made  stubborn  resistance, 
but  each  time  the  vim  of  our  battery  and  dash  of  our  men  on  their 
flank  started  them  again,  and  until  we  were  in  sight  of  Berryville, 
kept  them  on  the  move  steadily  back.  At  their  next  stand  our  bat- 
tery was  divided,  and  by  moving  a  section  to  an  elevated  rise  to  our 
left  we  got  complete  command  of  their  position,  and  although  we 
had  for  a  time  a  sharp  artillery  duel,  we  pressed  until  we  could  see 
the  " Clifton-Berry ville  fortified  line,"  behind  which  lines  Sheridan 
had  50,000  men  and  100  field  guns.  (See  Sheridan's  report.)  After 
sundown  we  moved  slowly  back.  Our  loss  was  considerable,  but 
the  enemy  did  not  press  us,  and  we  carried  back  with  us  all  of  our 
dead  and  wounded.  Lieutenant  Thomas  Craighead,  of  Company 
D,  Second  Virginia,  was  killed  when  we  began  to  retire,  and  Ser- 
geant William  B.  Cross,  of  Company  A,  .Second  Virginia,  a  gallant 
youth,  was  killed  by  our  own  battery.  The  guns  were  firing  over 
the  heads  of  his  company,  and  a  piece  of  wood  from  the  shrapnel 
struck  him  on  the  scalp,  killing  him  instantly. 

Lieutenant-Colonel  Morgan,  of  the  First  Virginia,  and  Colonel 
Thomas  H.  Owen,  of  the  Third,  and  Major  Graves,  of  the  Second, 
behaved  with  fine  spirit.  These  four  regiments  and  the  battery 
worked  together  always  with  great  harmony  and  good  feeling. 
Captain  Peter  Fountain,  Captain  Henry  C.  Lee,  brigade  staff  offi- 
cers, and  Sergeant-Major  Samuel  Griffin  (Tip),  of  the  Second  Vir- 
ginia, Acting  A.  D.  C,  served  with  their  usual  good  spirit,  rendering 
me  valuable  assistance.  I  know  we  killed  a  good  number  and  cap- 
tured some  prisoners.  From  our  own  loss,  it  is  manifest  that  theirs 
was  considerable. 

Arriving  at  the  Opequon  after  dark  I  reported  to  General  Wick- 
ham  orally  what  had  been  done,  and  moved  back  to  camp.  The 
next  day  Sheridan  fell  back  and  fortified  near  Halltown.  Nine  hun- 
dred and  fifty  men  and  a  battery  had  driven  their  best  division  of 
cavalry  back  upon  their  infantry,  and  we  had  bearded  the  lion  in  his 
den  and  returned  to  camp  without  being  pressed. 

On  page  135,  Pond's  book,  we  take  the  following.  Sheridan  to 
Halleck,  official,  August  23d  :  "  My  position  at  best  was  a  bad  one, 
and  as  there  is  much  dependent  upon  this  army,  I  fell  back  and  took 
anew  position  at  Halltown."     Same  date,  August  23d,  from  same 


350  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

to  General  Auger  :  "  I  do  not  believe  Pickett's  and  Field's  divisions 
are  here,  but  the  rebels  have  been  very  bold."  This  latter  dispatch 
makes  an  old  soldier  feel 

"  If  we  did  so,  tis  greater  glory  for  us 
That  you  remember  it,  than  for  ourselves 
Vainly  to  report  it." 

But  listen  to  what  he  has  to  say  a  little  further  on.  September 
1 2th,  Pond's  book,  he  writes  to  General  Grant.  "It  is  ex- 
ceedingly difficult  to  attack  him  (Early)  in  his  position.  Opequon 
creek  is  a  very  formidable  barrier ;  there  are  various  crossings,  but 
all  are  difficult  ;  the  fords  are  formidable.  I  have  thought  it  best  to 
remain  on  the  defensive  until  he  (Early)  detaches,  unless  the  chances 
are  in  my  favor.  The  troops  here  are  in  fine  spirits  ;  some  of  them 
not  very  reliable."  On  15th  (same  to  same)  :  "There  are  yet  no 
indications  of  Early's  detaching.  It  seems  impossible  to  get  at 
their  cavalry  ;  it  is  in  poor  condition."  Is  not  this  the  most  remark- 
able condition  of  things  ever  heard  of?     Who  can  explain  it  ? 

We  crossed  the  "formidable  fords  of  the  Opequon  creek,"  and 
found  their  cavalry  ;  and  yet  he  could  not  get  at  ours  ;  and  "it 
was  in  poor  condition."  'Tis  wondrous  strange,  the  like  never  yet 
heard  of  Early  had  held  Winchester  for  more  than  a  month  with- 
out fortifications,  which  he  would  not  attempt  with  his  great  army 
to  hold  at  all — and  wanted  him  to  detach.  All  advantages  are  fair 
in  war  !  Think  what  would  have  been  the  result  had  Early  had 
Sheridan's  command  and  Sheridan  Early's,  where  would  Early  have 
stopped? 

T.    T.    MUNFORD. 

Our  Heroic  Dead. 

A  Poem  by  Captain  James  Barron  Hope. 
Read  on  '^Memorial  Day  "  at  Norfolk,  June  iSth,  1SS4. 

A  King  once  said  of  a  Prince  struck  down, 

"Taller  he  seems  in  death." 
And  this  speech  holds  truth,  for  now  as  then 
Tis  after  death  that  we  measure  men. 
And  as  mists  of  the  past  are  rolled  away 
Our  heroes,  who  died  in  their  tattered  gray, 
Grow  "taller"  and  greater  in  all  their  parts 
Till  they  fill  our  minds  as  they  fill  our  hearts. 
And  for  those  who  lament  them  there's  this  relief — 


Our  Heroic  Dead.  351 

That  Glory  sits  by  the  side  of  Grief, 
Yes,  they  grow  "taller"  as  the  years  pass  by 
And  the  World  learns  how  they  could  do  and  die. 
A  Nation  respects  them.     The  East  and  West, 
The  far-off  slope  of  the  Golden  Coast, 
The  stricken  South  and  the  North  agree 
That  the  heroes  who  died  for  you  and  me — 
Each  valiant  man,  in  his  own  degree, 
Whether  he  fell  on  the  shore  or  sea. 
Did  deeds  of  which 
This  Land,  though  rich 
In  histories  may  boast,  • 

And  the  Sage's  Book  and  the  Poet's  Lay 
Are  full  of  the  deeds  of  the  Men  in  Gray. 
No  lion  cleft  from  the  rock  is  ours, 

Such  as  Lucerne  displays. 
Our  only  wealth  is  in  tears  and  flowers, 

And  words  of  reverend  praise. 
And  the  Roses  brought  to  this  silent  Yard 

Are  Red  and  White.     Behold ! 
They  tell  how  wars  for  a  kingly  crown, 
In  the  blood  of  England's  best  writ  down. 
Left  Britain  a  story  whose  moral  old 
Is  fit  to  be  graven  in  text  of  gold : 

The  moral  is,  that  when  battles  cease 
The  ramparts  smile  in  the  blooms  of  peace. 
And  flowers  to-day  were  hither  brought 
From  the  gallant  men  who  against  us  fought ; 
York  and  Lancaster! — Gray  and  Blue! 
Each  to  itself  and  the  other  true! — 

And  so  I  say 

Our  Men  in  Gray 
Have  left  to  the  South  and  North  a  tale 
Which  none  of  the  glories  of  Earth  can  pale. 

Norfolk  has  names  in  the  sleeping  host 

Which  fill  us  with  mournful  pride — 

Taylor  and  Newton,  we  well  may  boast, 

McPhail,  and  Walke,  and  Selden,  too. 

Brave  as  the  bravest,  as  truest  true ! 

And  Grandy  struck  down  ere  his  May  became  June, 

A  battle-flag  folded  away  too  soon. 

And  Williams,  than  whom  not  a  man  stood  higher 

'Mid  the  host  of  heroes  baptized  in  fire. 

And  Mallory,  wliose  sires  aforetime  died. 

When  Freedom  and  Danger  stood  side  by  side. 

Mcintosh,  too,  with  his  boarders  slain, 


352  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Saunders  and  Jackson,  the  unripe  grain, 
And  Taliaferro,  stately  as  knight  of  old, 
A  blade  of  steel  with  a  sheath  of  gold. 
And  Wright,  who  fell  on  the  Crater's  red  sod. 
Gave  his  life  to  the  Cause,  his  soul  to  God. 

These  are  random  shots  at  the  field  of  Fame, 
But  each  rings  out  on  a  noble  name. 
Yes,  names  like  bayonet  points,  when  massed, 
Blaze  out  as  we  gaze  on  the  splendid  past. 

That  past  is  now  like  an  Arctic  Sea 
Where  the  living  currents  have  ceased  to  run, 

But  over  that  past  the  fame  of  Lee 
Shines  out  as  the  "Midnight  Sun;" 

And  that  glorious  Orb,  in  its  march  sublime. 
Shall  gild  our  graves  till  the  end  of  time! 


The  Surrender  of  Vicksburg — A  Defence  of  General  Pemberton. 

J 


By  Major  R.  W.  Memminger,  A.  A.  G.  and   Chief  of  Staff,  Department 
of  Mississippi  and  East  Louisiana. 


[Written  not  long  after  the  fall  of  the  city.] 

A  sufficient  time  has  elapsed  since  the  fall  of  Vicksburg  for  the  ex- 
citement caused  by  that  event  to  have  somewhat  subsided.  The  judg- 
ment of  the  community  was  passed  while  this  excitement  was  at  its 
height,  and  when  the  public  was  comparatively  unacquainted  with  the 
facts  in  the  case.  It  would  seem  at  least  fair  that  this  judgment  should 
withhold  its  fiat  until  the  friends  of  Lieutenant-General  John  C.  Pem- 
berton can  be  heard  in  his  defence.  The  Roman  citizen  could  appeal 
unto  Caesar,  should  justice  not  be  meted  out  to  him.  The  friends  of 
General  Pemberton  appeal  to  the  public,  and  only  desire  that  a  man 
be  not  condemned  unheard. 

In  passing  judgment  upon  Lieutenant-General  Pemberton  the  peo- 
ple seem  to  have  considered,  not  what  he  has  done,  but  what  he  has 
not  done.  They  say,  "Why  did  he  not  provision  Vicksburg,"  and  not 
"  Did  he  do  everything  that  could  be  done  towards  that  object  ?"  The 
army  of  Lieutenant-General  Pemberton,  numbering  some  forty  thou- 
sand effectives,  had  to  contend  against  the  armies  of  Grant  and  Banks, 
the  smaller  of  which  nearly  equalled  his  entire  force ;  the  other  was 
vastly  superior — and  these  armies  operating  three  hundred  miles 
apart.     In  the  campaign  in  North  Mississippi,  Grant  was  completely 


The  Surrender  of  Vickshurg.  353 

out  manoeuvered  and  forced  to  retire  to  Memphis  from  whence  he 
had  set  out  ;  the  advance  of  the  enemy  on  Vicksburg-  via  Chickasaw 
Bayou,  met  with  disastrous  defeat,  and  the  combined  naval  and  land 
attack  on  Fort  Pemberton,  Tallahatchie  River,  was  signally  re- 
pulsed— all  these  successes  are  overlooked. 

In  October  1862,  Lieutenant-General  Pemberton  was  assigned  to 
the  Department  of  Mississippi  and  East  Louisiana,  and  upon  assum- 
ing command,  he  at  once  perceived  the  magnitude  of  the  under- 
taking. The  army  of  North  Mississippi,  but  lately  defeated  at 
Corinth,  and  considerably  demoralized,  required  a  thorough  re-orga- 
nization. Confusion  reigned  equally  in  the  Quartermaster,  Com- 
missary, Engineer  and  Ordnance  Departments.  No  system  of  any 
kind  prevailed,  and  the  whole  department  was  one  Chaos. 

From  this  disorganization,  order  began  gradually  to  arise  ;  chiefs  of 
the  various  departments  were  appointed,  and  through  their  untiring 
exertion,  aided  and  directed  by  the  Lieutenant-General  command- 
ing, the  department  was  reorganized,  remodelled  and  supplied. 
Any  officer  or  soldier  who  served  in  the  army  of  Mississippi  and 
East  Louisiana,  can  vouch  for  the  truth  of  this  speedy  revolu- 
tion. The  duties  of  the  department  were  arduous  and  extended, 
and  were  met  with  vigor  and  energy.  Holly  Springs,  Port  Hudson, 
Vicksburg,  points  separated  by  hundreds  "of  miles,  were  continually 
visited,  and  the  works  at  the  two  latter  places  were  pushed  forward 
to  speedy  completion.  At  the  same  time  the  administration  of  the 
department  was  by  no  means  neglected  ;  and  frequently  the  nights 
which  might  have  been  given  to  rest  were  devoted  to  the  labors  of 
the  office. 

When  the  winter  season  had  closed  in,  and  the  enemy  had  begun 
to  threaten  Vicksburg  and  Port  Hudson,  the  army  which  had  hitherto 
served  in  North  Mississippi  was  withdrawn  to  these  points.  The 
cavalry — five  thousand  strong — which  had  belonged  to  that  army, 
was  separated  and  sent  to  General  Bragg.  To  the  withdrawal  of 
this,  almost  the  entire  cavalry  force  of  the  department,  much  of  the 
subsequent  disaster  is  to  be  attributed.  This  proceeding  was  con- 
trary to  the  wishes  and  judgment  of  the  Lieutenant-General  com- 
manding, and  against  his  protest.  General  Pemberton  is  known  to 
have  professed  himself  totally  unable  to  keep  his  railroad  communi- 
cations open,  and  to  protect  the  country  from  inroads  without  the 
aid  of  a  strong  force  of  cavalry. 

Grierson's  Raid,  which  occurred  in  April,  and  closely  preceeded 
Grant's  advance  upon  Vicksburg,  was  evidently  concerted  lor  the 
5 


354  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

purpose  of  cutting  all  railroad  communications,  and  so  embarassing 
the  transportation  of  supplies.  It  succeeded  in  this  object,  which 
success  is  wholly  attributable  to  the  absence  of  a  sufficient  force  of 
cavalry.  To  supply  this  deficiency,  under  the  exigency,  General 
Pemberton  was  compelled  to  resort  to  the  impressment  of  private 
horses,  and  to  mount  infantry,  which  could  illy  be  spared. 

On  the  night  of  the  i6th  of  April,  the  enemy's  fleet  attempted  to 
pass  the  batteries  at  Vicksburg.  Some  six  or  seven  gunboats  and 
transports  succeeded  ;  one  boat  was  burned,  another  sunk,  and  the 
remainder  were  forced  to  put  back.  With  the  number  of  guns  and 
weight  of  metal,  it  was  impossible  to  effect  more  damage.  Vicks- 
burg, the  grand  key  to  the  Mississippi — had  only  twenty-eight  guns, 
of  which  two  were  smooth-bore  thirty- two-pounders,  two  twenty- 
four- pounders,  one  thirty-pound  Parrott,  one  Whitworth,  and  one 
ten-inch  Mortar.  Compare  this  with  the  armament  of  Charleston 
Harbor  :  Fort  Pemberton  alone,  on  Stono  River,  can  compete  with 
the  entire  batteries  of  Vicksburg.  Every  possible  exertion  was  made 
to  procure  more  ordnance,  and  even  guns  intended  for  the  navy 
were  diverted  for  army  use.  But  probably  owing  to  a  scarcety 
of  guns,  and  the  time  required  to  transport  them,  no  further  supply 
could  be  procured,  and  Vicksburg  repelled  every  assault  of  the 
vaunted  ironclads,  and  stood  a  siege  of  forty  eight  days,  with  an 
armament  of  tweyity- eight  guns. 

After  the  passage  of  the  boats  alluded  to,  the  character  of  the  de- 
fence of  Vicksburg,  as  expressed  by  General  Pemberton,  was  changed. 
The  enemy  could  operate  from  below.  He  now  made  a  demonstra- 
tion on  our  left  flank,  landing  a  force  at  Chickasaw  Bayou,  also  a 
naval  attack  on  Haines'  Bluff",  Yazoo  River,  and  at  the  same  time 
threw  a  heavy  column  across  the  Mississippi  River,  on  the  right 
flank  at  Brunisburg,  below  Port  Gibson.  To  meet  this  column, 
Brigadier-General  Bowen  was  ordered  to  move  out  from  Grand  Gulf, 
which  he  did,  holding  the  enemy  for  some  time  in  check  near  Bayou 
Pierre.  Reinforcements  were  at  the  same  time  hurried  forward, 
Major-General  Loring  in  command.  General  Bowen  however,  being 
pressed  by  vastly  superior  numbers,  was  forced  to  fall  back,  crossing 
the  Big  Black  River,  after  having  destroyed  the  works  at  Grand 
Gulf 

In  was  now  General  Pemberton' s  intention  to  concentrate  his 
troops  behind  the  Big  Black,  the  question  of  subsistence,  proximity 
to  base,  and  necessity  of  supporting  Vicksburg,  being  the  determin- 
ing causes.  At  the  same  time  the  arrival  of  reinforcements  was  anx- 
iously awaited. 


The,  Surrender  of  Vicksburg.  355 

In  the  meantime  the  enemy  was  heavily  reinforcing,  and  appa- 
rently moving  on  Jackson. 

On  the  14th  of  May  General  Pemberton  received  instructions  to 
move  and  attack  the  enemy  towards  Clinton,  Mississippi.  A  council 
of  war  was  called  of  the  general  officers,  and  the  matter  laid  before 
them  for  their  deliberation  and  opinions.  The  majority  of  those  pres- 
ent expressed  them.selves  in  favor  the  movement.  The  minority 
(among  whom  was  General  Pemberton )  expressed  themselves  averse, 
regarding  it  as  too  hazardous,  preferring  a  movement  by  which  it 
might  be  endeavored  to  cut  off  the  enemy's  supplies  from  the  Mis- 
sissippi, and  not  to  move  the  army  from  its  base— Vicksburg.  Sub- 
sequent developments  show  that  this  policy  would  probably  have  de- 
feated the  objects  of  Grant's  campaign.  His  army  was  furnished  with 
only  five  days'  rations,  and,  as  expressed  by  their  own  officers,  was  in 
almost  a  starving  condition  ;  and  the  transportation  from  the  Missis- 
sippi, a  distance  of  forty  miles,  open  to  constant  interruption  from 
our  forces,  was  precarious  and  almost  impracticable.  It  was  there- 
fore essential  that  he  should  obtain  a  new  base,  which  could  be  estab- 
lished only  by  the  opening  of  the  Yazoo  river  ;  and  his  policy  was  to 
bring  about  a  battle,  as  the  means  of  obtaining  this  end.  Certainly 
under  these  circumstances,  and  with  our  known  inferiority  of  num- 
bers, our  policy  would  have  been  to  have  avoided  an  engagement. 
Pursuant  to  instructions,  however.  General  Pemberton  moved  out  of 
Vicksburg  with  seventeen  thousand  five  hundred  men,  and  met  and  en- 
gaged the  enemy  at  Baker's  Creek,  near  Raymond.  The  enemy  were 
at  first  repulsed  ;  but  continuing  to  receive  heavy  reinforcements, 
General  Pemberton  was  overwhelmed  by  numbers  and  forced  to 
fall  back  to  the  entrenchments  on  the  Big  Black  The  enemy  pushed 
on  rapidly,  and  again  encountered  our  forces  behind  these  entrench- 
ments, which,  however,  we  failed  to  defend,  and  retired  in  rather  a 
disorderly  manner  to  the  inner  line  of  works  around  Vicksburg.  The 
abandonment  of  the  entrenchments  on  Big  Black  necessitated  the 
evacuation  of  Haines'  Bluff,  the  left  flank  of  that  line,  thus  opening 
the  Yazoo  river  to  the  enemy's  fleet,  and  rendering  his  transportation 
easy. 

Although  considerably  demoralized  by  the  defeats  at  Baker's  Creek 
and  Big  Black,  the  army  was  now  posted  within  the  trenches  around 
Vicksburg.  At  this  juncture,  instructions  were  received  by  General 
Pemberton  to  evacuate  Vicksburg  and  bring  out  his  army.  A  coun- 
cil of  war  of  the  general  officers  was  immediately  called,  in  which  the 
opinion  was  unanimously  expressed  that  it  was  impossible  to  with- 


356  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

draw  the  army  from  its  position  with  such  morale  and  materiel  as  to 
be  of  further  service  to  the  Confederacy.  While  the  council  of  war 
was  assembled,  the  guns  of  the  enemy  opened  on  our  works  and 
Vicksburg  was  besieged.  General  Pemberton  determined  to  hold  the 
place,  hoping  that  he  would  receive  assistance  in  maintaining  this 
obstruction  to  the  enemy's  free  navigation  of  the  Mississippi  river. 

At  the  time  of  the  investment,  the  garrison  of  Vicksburg  was 
eighteen  thousand  strong — scarcely  sufficient  to  man  the  trenches, 
and  affording  no  force  for  reserve.  The  amount  of  provisions  on 
hand  was  estimated  at  forty  days'  rations,  the  full  ration  however 
being  considerably  reduced.  General  Pemberton  has  been  censured 
for  not  provisioning  Vicksburg  for  a  protracted  siege  ;  and  to  this 
cause  is  attributed,  as  we  think  erroniously,  X\\^/all  of  that  ciiy. 

Vicksburg  did  stand  a  protracted  siege  of  forty-eight  days.  It 
was  not  provisioned  for  an  i7idefinite  siege  nor  could  be.  It  has  been 
stated  that  General  Pemberton  assumed  command  of  this  depart- 
ment in  October,  1862  ;  it  has  further  been  shown  against  what  diffi- 
culties he  had  to  contend  in  the  organization  of  his  department. 
Some  time  must  necessarily  elapse  between  such  organization,  and 
the  time  when  its  effects  could  be  felt,  before  contracts  could  be 
made,  and  supplies  begin  to  come  in. 

The  sources  from  which  Vicksburg  could  be  supplied,  were  from 
the  country  west  of  the  Mississippi  via  Red  River  and  Big  Black  ; 
from  Yazoo  River  via  Haines'  Bluff  (the  supplies  in  this  case  consis- 
ting almost  exculsively  of  corn,  and  being  drawn  from  the  section  of 
country  on  Sunflower  and  Tallahatchie  Rivers,  Deer  Creek,  &c. ;) 
and  lastly,  from  the  interior  of  the  State  of  Mississippi — in  which 
which  case  they  must  be  transported  over  long  lines  of  railroad. 
Port  Hudson  could  be  supplied  only  from  the  Mississippi  River ; 
being  distant  sixty  miles  from  the  nearest  depot  on  the  New  Orleans 
and  Jackson  railroad. 

Large  standing  garrisons  were  to  be  supplied  at  each  of  these 
points,  at  the  one  varying  from  ten  to  twenty  thousand,  and  at  the  other 
from 'eight  to  fifteen  thousand.  To  accumulate  at  these  points,  was 
evidently  a  difficult  undertaking,  considering  the  daily  consumption 
to  be  met,  and  the  small  number  of  boats  at  Government  disposal. 
As  soon  as  the  wet  season  set  in,  and  navigations  became  practicable, 
supplies  of  beef  cattle,  bacon,  corn,  and  salt  were  forwarded  by 
Government  agents  purchasing  in  the  Trans-Mississippi  depart- 
ment. But  in  the  midst  of  this  occupation,  early  in  February,  the 
enemy's  gunboats,  Queen  of  the  West  and  Indianola,  succeeded  in 


The  Surrender  of  Vickshurg.  357 

passing  the  Vicksburg  batteries,  and  thus  prevented  the  safe  naviga- 
tion of  the  Mississippi.  The  route  was  re-opened  by  the  capture  of 
the  Indianola  and  Queen  of  the  West,  but  almost  immediately  re- 
closed  by  a  movement  of  the  enemy's  fleet.  Commodore  Farragut 
attacked  our  batteries  at  Port  Hudson  ;  two  of  his  vessels,  the  Hart- 
ford and  Monongahela,  succeeded  in  passing ;  the  frigate  Mississippi 
was  burned  ;  the  Richmond  disabled  and  forced  to  put  back.  Far- 
ragut immediately  proceeded  to  blockade  the  mouth  of  Red  river, 
as  also  that  of  Big  Black.  Thus  ended  all  hopes  of  drawing  sup- 
plies from  the  Trans-Mississippi  Department.  Some  few  boats  sub- 
sequently succeeded  in  running  the  blockade,  but  such  mode  of  sup- 
ply was  precarious  in  the  extreme,  and  was  finally  destroyed  by  the 
passage  of  the  enemy's  fleet  by  Vicksburg. 

As  a  source  of  supply,  the  country  on  Sunflower  River,  Deer  Creek, 
etc.,  was  not  neglected.  These  streams  were  not  navigable  until  later 
in  the  winter  season,  and  operations  could  not  be  commenced  so  soon. 
Light  draft  boats  from  those  above  the  Raft  at  Haines'  Bluff",  were 
fitted  up  and  sent  after  corn  ;  but  the  great  difficulty  was  to  obtain 
the  corn  on  the  banks  of  the  river.  The  planters  generally  expressed 
their  inability  to  haul  to  such  points,  being  without  any  means  of  trans- 
portation. Hence  very  little  of  the  grain  in  those  fertile  sections  was 
available  to  the  army.  Any  one  acquainted  with  the  Mississippi  bot- 
tom lands  can  vouch  for  the  difficulty — almost  impracticability — of 
transportation  during  the  winter  season.  But  even  these  operations 
were  frustrated  by  the  passage  of  the  enemy  through  Yazoo  Pass, 
their  descent  upon  Fort  Pemberton,  Tallahatchie  river,  and  their  na- 
val raids  through  the  numerous  bayous  which  ramify  this  portion  of 
Mississippi.  Previous  to  this  interruption,  the  grain  intended  for 
Vicksburg  was  unloaded  at  Haines'  Bluff,  eleven  miles  distant,  this 
being  rendered  necessary  by  the  raft  at  that  point,  which  was  in- 
tended to  obstruct  the  passage  of  the  enemy's  fleet  by  our  batteries. 
Furthermore,  the  mouth  of  the  Yazoo  river  was  closely  blockaded  by 
the  enemy's  fleet,  and  here  again  the  difficulty  of  transportation  over 
impracticable  roads  presented  itself.  The  transportation  of  a  single 
eight  or  ten-inch  Columbiad  from  Vicksburg  to  Haines'  Bluff" — eleven 
miles — was  a  matter  of  two  weeks.  Nevertheless  corn,  and  a  consid- 
erable supply,  was  hauled  over  this  road. 

Lastly,  as  to  drawing  supplies  from  the  interior  of  the  State,  every 
means  was  taken  to  accomplish  this  object.  All  exportation  of  sup- 
plies from  the  department  was  prohibited.  Depots  were  established, 
and  agents  dispatched  in  all  directions.     Supplies  were  forwarded  to 


358  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Vicksburg,  and  even  Port  Hudson,  as  rapidly  as  they  could  be  ac- 
cumulated. The  necessity  for  constantly  moving  troops  to  various 
parts  of  the  department,  as  they  might  be  threatened,  was  a  serious 
inconvenience,  and  impeded  the  transportation  of  supplies.  That 
portion  of  the  Southern  railroad  between  Jackson  and  Vicksburg 
was  in  a  miserable  and  even  dangerous  condition.  Accidents  oc- 
curred almost  daily,  engines  being  broken  up,  and  there  being  a 
lamentable  scarcity  of  any  species  of  cars.  This,  the  great  thorough- 
fare to  Vicksburg,  was  entirely  out  of  repair  and  almost  impassable. 
The  obstruction  offered  to  transportation  by  such  a  thoroughfare  can 
easily  be  imagined.  Notwithstanding  all  these  difficulties,  Vicks- 
burg was  sufficiently  provisioned  to  hold  out  for  forty  days,  and  Port 
Hudson  sustained  a  siege  of  seven  weeks. 

As  above  stated,  the  effective  garrison  of  Vicksburg  numbered 
eighteen  thousand.  This  small  force,  directed  by  the  untiring  vigil- 
ance of  the  Lieutenant-General  commanding,  and  defended  by  his 
engineering  skill,  were  enabled  to  repel  the  repeated  assaults  of  an 
enemy  flushed  with  success  and  numbering,  at  the  lowest  estimate, 
some  sixty  thousand  men.  All  confess  that  the  defence  of  Vicks- 
burg was  resolute  and  gallant.  Soon  after  the  investment  Grant 
attempted  to  carry  the  place  by  two  general  assaults,  apparently 
bringing  his  whole  army  to  the  attack.  His  columns,  hurled  upon 
the  resolute  garrison,  were  as  often  hurled  back  with  heavy  loss, 
and  leaving  five  stands  of  colors  in  our  hands,  and  the  field  for  miles 
strewn  with  his  dead,  he  was  compelled  to  fall  back  and  sit  down  to 
a  formal  investment  of  the  place. 

During  the  siege,  the  enginerring  skill  of  the  commander  and  his 
fertility  and  expedients,  were  conspicuously  displayed.  Works 
which  under  the  unceasing  and  concentrated  fire  of  hundreds  of  guns 
were  demolished,  reappeared  in  improved  forms  which  could  be  sug- 
gested only  by  consummate  ingenuity.  Works  built  to  withstand 
guns  used  in  ordinary  warfare,  were  found  wholly  inadequate  to  re- 
sist the  heavy  metal  of  the  enemy,  and  subjected  to  incessant  and 
galling  fire  of  musketry,  the  artillery  could  with  difficulty  be  worked. 
Here  it  was  particularly  that  the  ingenuity  of  the  Commanding 
General  was  exhibited.  The  position  of  the  pieces  was  constantly 
changing ;  embankments  disappeared  under  the  fire  of  the  enemy's 
guns,  but  the  artillery  would  still  be  found  in  position,  and  stronger 
than  before.  No  difficulty  could  occur  for  which  an  expedient  was 
not  at  hand. 

But  energy  and  ingenuity  although  tending  to  postpone,  could 


The  Surrender  of  Vickshurg.  359 

not  prevent  the  fall  of  Vicksburg.  At  the  beginning  of  the  siege,  it 
was  understood  and  confidently  expected  that  a  force  from  without 
would  relieve  the  garrison  ;  and  this  hope  sustained  the  soldiery 
and  the  Commanding  General  during  the  protracted  struggle.  But 
this  hope,  continually  deferred,  and  finally  abandoned,  resolved  the 
matter  into  a  question  of  time  and  honor.  Honor  was  considered 
to  have  been  sufficienty  vindicated.  The  time  it  was  considered  had 
come.  The  soldiers  who  for  forty-eight  days  and  nights,  vigilant 
and  undaunted,  had  watched  and  fought  in  the  trenches,  were  worn 
out.  A  general  assault  of  the  besieging  army  was  confidently  an- 
ticipated on  the  4th  of  July,  and  it  was  improbable  that  the  garrison, 
exhausted  by  fatigues,  and  diminished  to  fifteen  thousand,  would  be 
able  to  withstand  this  overwhelming  assault.  The  lines  of  the  enemy 
at  some  points,  were  within  a  {evf  yards  of  our  own  ;  their  mines 
sapped  our  works  at  numerous  points,  and  were  supposed  to  be  only 
awaiting  springing.  Attempts  to  countermine  were  made,  but  of 
course  not  always  successfully,  and  in  one  of  these  endeavors,  the 
enemy  sprung  a  mine  loaded  with  a  ton  of  powder,  blowing  up 
eighty  of  our  men,  some  of  whom  were  then  engaged  in  the  work. 
Believing  themselves  to  be  undermined,  the  men  were  becoming  res- 
tive in  the  trenches.  Provisions  also  were  at  a  low  ebb  ;  it  would 
have  been  impossible  under  any  circumstances  to  hold  out  much 
longer  ;  and  should  the  place  be  carried  by  assault,  no  terms  could 
be  expected,  and  all  the  horrors  of  a  sacked  city  were  to  be  antici- 
pated. The  only  alternative  was  to  cut  through  the  enemy's  lines,  or 
to  capitulate.  There  being  no  hope  of  relief,  a  council  of  war  of  the 
General  officers  was  called,  and  this  alternative  presented.  It  was 
the  opinion  of  the  majority,  that  it  was  physically  impossible  for  the 
men  to  cut  through  the  enemy's  lines  and  carry  the  works  obstruc- 
ting their  exit — works  known  to  be  as  formidable  as  our  own.  The 
minority  (among  whom  was  the  Lieutenant  General  commanding,) 
were  of  a  contrary  opinion,  and  advocated  an  attempt  to  cut  theii 
way  out.  The  opinion  of  the  majority  prevailed,  the  Commanding 
General  yielding  to  their  discretion  ;  and  preparations  for  the  nego- 
tiation of  terms  were  entered  upon — with  what  success  is  before  the 
public. 

After  the  surrender,  the  Lieutenant-General  commanding  re- 
mained with  his  army,  attending  to  their  wants  ;  and  shared  with 
them  the  hardships  of  the  march  to  Enterprise,  where  the  army  of 
Vicksburg  was  dissolved  on  parole. 

Such,  in  the  humble  opinion  of  the  undersigned,  is  a  brief  synopsis 
of  the  events,  preceeding  and  attending  the  fall  of  Vicksburg.     The 


360  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

friends  of  Lieutenant-General  Pemberton  cannot  see  his  name  made 

a  target  for  public  odium,  without  doing  him  the  justice  of  stating 

such  facts  as  can  now  be  made  pubUc.     He  did  his  duty  manfully. 

Let  justice  be  awarded. 

R.  W.  Memminger, 

A.  A.  G.,  and  Chief  of  Staff. 


Artillery  at  the  Southern  Arsenals. 
By  Captain  Graham  Daves. 

Newbern,  N.  C,  June  15th,  1884. 

To  the  Editor  of  the  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers  : 

Sir  :  Is  not  the  publication  of  General  Gorgas'  papers  on  the  Con- 
federate Ordnance  Department,  edited  by  Colonel  W.  Allan,  to  be 
continued  ? 

"Paper  I,"  in  the  January  number  of  the  Historical  Papers. 
contained  so  much  of  interest  and  information  that  many  of  your 
readers  are  quite  impatient  for  the  remaining  numbers. 

In  reference  to  the  artillery  in  service  at  the  beginning  of  the  war. 
General  Gorgas  probably  did  not  mean  to  be  understood  quite  lit- 
erally, when  he  wrote  : 

' '  There  were  no  batteries  of  serviceable  field  artillery  at  any  of  the 
Southern  arsenals." 

At  the  Fayetteville,  N.  C,  arsenal,  there  was  a  fine  battery  of  brass 
field  pieces — four  six-pounder  guns,  and  two  twelve-pounder  howit- 
zers, with  forge  and  battery  wagon  complete.  When  the  arsenal  was 
surrendered  to  the  State  forces,  this  battery  was  turned  over  to  the 
"Ellis  Light  Artillery  Company,"  of  Raleigh,  first  commanded  by 
Captain  S.  D.  Ramseur,  who,  as  Major-General  commanding  di- 
vision, was  killed  at  Cedar  Creek,  in  the  Valley,  in  October,  1864. 
The  battery  first  saw  service  near  Norfolk  and  on  the  Peninsula,  and 
was  subsequently  known  as  Manly' s  Battery  (Captain  B.  C.  Manly), 
of  Cabell's  Battalion,  Army  of  Northern  Virginia. 

In  time  the  company  no  doubt  fell  heir  to  twelve-pounder  "  Napo 
Icons,"   or  to  rifled  pieces,   but  guns  of  that  kind  were  not  much 
known  in  the  early  days  of  '61,  and  a  company  provided  with  a  com- 
plete battery  of  guns  of  almost  any  calibre,  with  necessary  appurten- 
ances, was  then  thought  to  be  very  well  equipped. 

Respectfully, 

Graham  Daves. 


Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston.  361 

Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston. 
By  Rev.  (General)  Ellison  Capers. 

[The  following  address  was  delivered  at  "the  Citadel,"  Charles- 
ton, S.  C,  on  the  occasion  of  the  unveiling  of  the  Mural  Tablet  erected 
to  the  memory  of  Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston,  and  both  as  a 
tribute  from  a  gallant  soldier  to  one  of  Sumter's  heroic  defenders,  and 
as  the  delineation  of  the  character  of  a  fair  specimen  of  "the  men 
who  wore  the  gray,"  it  is  worthy  of  preservation.] 

In  April,  i860,  seven  young  gentlemen  graduated  from  this 
academy  : 

Francis  Huger  Harleston,  A.  J.  Norris,  A.  S.  Gaillard,  William  E. 
Stoney,  S.  S.  Kirby  and  Frank  deCaradeuc. 

With  high  hopes  and  happy  hearts  they  formed  their  class  on  com- 
mencement day  for  the  last  time,  and  taking  their  place  in  rear  of 
the  escort  of  their  fellow- cadets,  marched  out  of  the  archway,  to  the 
Hibernian  Hall. 

A  brilliant  audience,  in  fullest  sympathy  with  the  occasion,  greeted 
the  procession. 

As  I  recall  the  scene  to-day,  though  twenty-four  years  have 
passed,  it  seems  as  but  yesterday  ! 

When  life  is  crowded  with  duties  and  cares,  time  is  not  recorded 
in  its  rapid  flight,  and  the  years  come  and  go  without  our  notice. 

And  what  years  we  have  known  since  that  commencement-day  ! 
Who  of  us  who  heard  Harleston' s  valedictory  dreamed  of  the  future 
that  was  immediately  before  those  young  men? 

Who  of  us  imagined  that  within  four  years  yfz'^  of  the  seven  were  to 
seal  their  devotion  to  Carolina  with  their  heart's  blood,  dying  as  true 
heroes  die,  at  the  post  of  their  duty? 

DeCaradeuc,  in  Virginia  ;  Erwin,  on  Sullivan's  Island  ;  Kirby,  at 
Rivers'  Bridge,  on  the  Saltkehatchie  ;  Gaillard,  mortally  wounded  at 
Bentonville  ;  Frank  Harleston,  at  Fort  Sumter  ! 

And  if  Stoney  and  Norris  are  not  with  their  classmates  to-day,  in 
the  silent  bivouac  of  the  gallant  dead,  it  is  not  because  they  did  not 
freely  offer  their  lives  to  their  country. 

Graduating  in  April,  i860,  but  a  few  months  elapsed  before  South 
Carolina  called  her  sons  to  arms. 

Harleston's  class  promptly  answered  the  summons. 

The  cadets  were  sent  to  Morris'  Island,  and  charged  with  the  duty 


362  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

of  building  a  battery  facing  "ship  channel,"  and  preventing  supplies 
and  reinforcements  from  reaching  Sumter  by  that  route. 

Obeying  an  impulse  alike  of  duty  and  affection,  Harleston  went 
over  to  the  island  and  asked  his  old  superintendent,  from  whose 
hands  he  had  but  just  received  the  diploma  awarded  to  the  first- 
honor  graduate,  to  be  allowed  to  take  his  place  in  the  ranks  of  the 
corps  he  had  recently  commanded  as  Cadet  Captain.  A  cordial 
greeting  was  given  him,  and  Major  Stevens  published  an  order  ac- 
cepting his  services  and  assigning  him  the  post  of  Acting  Adjutant. 

Thus  began  the  career  of  the  young  soldier,  whose  memory  is 
cherished  and  honored  by  his  friends  to-day. 

A  gallant  career  !  Begun  in  devotion  to  his  friends  and  his  State, 
sustained  with  high  honor  through  the  terrible  experiences  of  a  siege 
in  some  respects  the  most  remarkable  which  military  history  records, 
and  ended  by  an  act  of  quiet  yet  sublime  self-sacrifice ! 

"  He  deemed  a  death  for  honor  sweet, 
And  so  he  fell." 

As  he  lay  in  the  fort,  his  comrades  took  from  his  jacket-pocket, 
a  piece  of  paper,  on  which  he  had  but  recently  written  these  words: 

"The  brave  die  never; 

In  death  they  but  exchange  their 
Country's  arms  for  more. 

Their  country's  heari." 

And  if  from  their  sacred  home,  beyond  the  clash  and  jar  and  dis- 
cords of  this  brief  life,  the  gallant  dead  see  us,  and  know  us,  take 
my  testimony  to-day,  my  friends,  when  I  tell  you,  that  we,  who 
knew  and  loved  those  men,  knew  full  well  how  sweet  and  holy  their 
satisfaction  when  they  see  this  becoming  memorial  in  honor  of  one 
who  so  well  deserved  his  place  in  the  affections  of  his  friends. 

Aye,  more — if  Harleston' s  unselfish  spirit  knows  aught  that  we 
have  done,  how  sweet  the  satisfaction  to  realize  the  fulfilment  of  his 
own  cherished  hope,  and  to  know  that  here,  where  his  character  was 
formed,  and  his  purpose  of  duty  fixed  !  Here  ;  where  manly  men 
and  boys  are  preparing  for  life's  high  trusts,  here  in  the  city  for 
whose  safety  he  gave  his  life,  and  here,  from  the  living  offerings  of 
his  personal  friends  we  have  met  to  testify,  that  he  and  his  brave 
comrades  have  indeed  "exchanged  their  country's  arms  for  more, 
their  country's  heart.'' 

I  rejoice  in  the  holy  impulse  of  affection  that  suggested  this  memo- 


Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston.  363 

rial  tablet  to  the  beloved  memory  of  Frank  Harleston,  and  honor  the 
friendship  that  consecrates  it  to-day. 

As  in  life  his  character  was  an  example  most  worthy  of  our  imita- 
tion, so  in  death  may  this  memorial  in  his  honor  teach  us  from  its 
pure  and  chaste  inscription  of  a  duty,  yei  unfulfilled,  which  we  owe 
to  the  dead  of  our  Alma  Mater,  who  with  Harleston,  laid  down 
their  lives,  rather  than  neglect  their  duty  to  us  and  to  the  State. 

The  University  of  North  Carolina  has  erected  a  Memorial  Hall, 
and  dedicated  it  to  the  memory  of  her  sons  who  have  died  in  the 
honorable  fulfilment  of  their  responsibilities,  whatever  their  callings 
in  life  ! 

Fellow- graduates,  ex-cadets,  and  cadets  of  the  South  Carolina 
Military  Academy,  citizens  of  Old  Charleston,  yes,  Carolinians  all, 
shall  we  not  write  o7i  these  walls,  in  Parian  marble,  the  names  of 
Tew,  and  Gendron  Palmer,  and  Jenkins,  and  Charley  Haskell,  and 
Jim  Nance,  and  McCreary,  and  Randall  Craft,  and  Mason  Smith, 
and  Datterer,  and  the  other  honored  names  of  the  gallant  men  who 
died  in  the  service  of  their  country. 

If  he  had  been  spared  to  his  friends  and  his  State,  no  one  of  us 
could  take  a  heartier  interest  in  the  discharge  of  this  sacred  duty 
than  the  brave  soldier  whose  name  we  have  inscribed  on  this  beauti- 
ful tablet. 

My  friends,  there  is  a  deeper  lesson  for  us  and  our  children  in 
these  memorials  to  our  dead  than  the  natural  gratification  of  surviv- 
ing friendship  and  love. 

They  bear  us  witness  that  the  sons  of  Carolina  do  not  blush  for 
the  history  of  their  State  ! 

A  land  without  dead  heroes  is  a  land  without  aspirations  and 
hopes  ! 

A  State  without  nionuments  is  a  State  without  exaynples  ! 

History  may  record  the  failures,  or  the  mistakes,  or  the  unwisdom 
of  a  people,  and  the  perusal  of  such  chapters  may  disappoint  while 
they  instruct  us ;  but  while  that  history  inscribes  the  record  of  virtue 
and  valor,  and  illustrates  the  power  of  conscientious  self-sacrifice,  so 
long  as  it  tells  the  story  of  patience,  and  courage,  and  fortitude,  and 
faith  ! — that  history  can  never  be  the  badge  of  a  people' s  dishonor. 

He  dishonors  himself  who  does  not  respect  it,  and  he  alone  is 
unblessed  by  its  lessons  and  its  exaynpies,  who  treats  its  memory  with 
disregard. 

The  day  will  never  come  in  South  Carolina,  my  friends,  when  her 


364  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

loyal  sons  will  hold  her  traditions  of  honor  in  disesteem.  The  de- 
fence of  Charleston,  in  which  Captain  Frank  Harleston  bore  his 
faithful  part,  will  ever  be  as  honored  and  as  honorable  as  the  defense 
of  Charleston  nearly  a  hundred  years  before  it.  Fort  Sumter  is  as 
bright  a  star  on  the  shield  of  Carolina  as  the  Palmetto  Fort  of  1776  ! 

The  names  of  the  officers  and  men  who  for  four  years  defended 
Fort  Sumter  against  the  combined  and  continued  assaults  of  the 
army  and  navy  of  the  United  States  will  never  be  forgotten  in  South 
Carolina. 

They  will  live  in  hallowed  recollection  of  their  splendid  conduct, 
in  admiration  of  their  skill  and  courage,  and  in  grateful  memory  of 
their  self-sacrifice. 

It  was  the  lot  of  Harleston  to  give  his  life  in  illustration  of  the 
principles  of  duty  that  had  formed  the  basis  of  his  education  and 
training. 

How  simple  the  details  of  a  cadet's  life  ! 

How  often  the  call  to  the  duty  of  the  hour  ! 

And  how  deep  the  lessons  are  written  in  the  character  of  those 
cadets,  who  refusing  to  be  driven  to  their  tasks,  move  with  spirit 
and  heart,  at  the  tap  of  the  steel,  and  take  up  the  duty  as  an  obliga- 
tion too  sacred  to  be  shunned  or  shirked.  This  is  my  recollection 
of  Harleston.  We  were  fellow-cadets  and  friends,  and  I  had  the 
honor  for  a  short  time,  of  being  his  instructor  ;  and  I  recall  him  to- 
day as  I  knew  and  loved  him  then  ;  modest,  firm,  manly,  gentle, 
intelligent,  trtie  ! 

The  call  of  duty  to  Frank  was  the  call  of  honor. 

And,  young  gentlemen,  the  cheerful  discharge  of  duty  brought 
him  deserved  honor  here,  at  the  Citadel ;  yonder,  at  Fort  Sumter  ; 
and  wreathes  his  name  and  memory  with  these  fresh  and  beautiful 
chaplets  of  flowers. 

The  Governor  of  the  State  gave  him  an  appointment  as  First 
Lieutenant  in  the  immortal  First  Regiment  South  Carolina  Regular 
Artillery,  in  February,  1861.  In  January,  1862,  he  was  promoted 
Captain  of  Company  D.,  and  assigned  to  duty  at  Fort  Sumter. 

I  cannot  enter  at  this  hour  into  a  recital  of  the  incidents  of  that 
duty.  They  belong  to  the  history  of  the  defence  of  Fort  Sumter  ;  a 
defence  which  has  no  parallel  in  our  great  struggle,  and  which,  in 
some  respects,  has  no  parallel  in  military  history.  You,  who  did 
not  see  and  know  Fort  Sumter  before  the  loth  of  July,  1863,  can 
form  no  idea  of  its  lofty  battlements  and  towering  walls,  from  the 
simple  earth-work  you  see  to-day  ! 


Captain  Francis  Huger  Harleston.  365 

The  fort  was  destroyed,  the  guns  dismounted,  the  barracks  burned 
over  the  soldiers'  heads,  and,  later  on,  the  magazine  exploded,  the 
dead  and  wounded  strewing  the  ground,  while  the  heaviest  artillery 
of  the  age  continuously  concentrated  its  fire  against  the  ruin,  and 
assault  after  assault  attempted  its  capture;  yet  Fort  Sumter  never 
surrendered  ! 

When,  at  last,  after  defying  the  army  and  navy  of  the  United  States 
for  four  years,  and  with  Fort  Moultrie  and  the  forts  and  batteries  of 
the  harbor,  and  the  Confederate  army  on  the  islands  and  the  main, 
all  the  defenders  of  Charleston  were  ordered  to  North  Carolina  for 
the  final  struggle,  thefi,  sir,  (to  Major  T.  A.  Huguenin,)  did  you,  as 
the  last  commander  of  the  fort,  withdraw  your  brave  comrades  from 
that  immortal  post. 

I  can  well  imagine  the  feelings  of  those  men  as  they  quietly  got 
into  the  boats,  and,  with  muffled  oars,  rowed  away  to  Charleston  ! 
It  was  the  last  and  the  final  chapter  in  a  glorious  history  ! 
1  turn  back  a  few  of  the  pages  of  that  history  to  read  you  of  one 
incident  which,  with  hundreds  like  it,  make  it  a  sacred  history  to  us. 
I  will  read  you  the  story  as  it  has  been  written  by  a  very  faithful  pen.* 
Your  own  hearts,  your  own  sense  of  what  is  worthy  in  conduct, 
and  faithful  and  true  in  courage,    and  hallowed  and  holy   in   self- 
sacrifice,  will  not  let  the  lesson  pass.     This  chaste  and  simple  tablet 
will  keep  its  memory  sacred  here. 

The  officers  and  cadets  of  his  Alma  Mater  will  never  let  the  story 
be  forgotten,  while  its  lesson  of  unostentatious  faithfubiess  and 
duty  will  become  an  inspiration  to  every  cadet  who,  like  Captain 
Harleston,  answers  the  call  of  the  hour  with  the  spirit  of  a  true  and 
patient  heart. 

"On  the  2ist  of  November,  1863,  Captain  Harleston's  last  term 
of  duty  expired  at  Fort  Sumter,  and  his  company  was  relieved  by 
another. 

"Having  obtained  a  much-desired  furlough,  he  intended,  as  soon 
as  he  was  released,  to  go  up  to  Columbia  and  visit  his  family,  who 
were  joyfully  awaiting  his  arrival.  He  had  written  to  his  mother,  '  I 
will  be  with  you  to-night.'  " 

Colonel  Elliott,  who  commanded  the  fort  at  the  time,  asked  him 
to  remain  a  few  days  longer,  "  until  the  dark  nights  were  past,"  con- 
fiding in  the  vigilance  and  ability  of  Harleston. 

*Memoir  by  Miss  Claudine  Rhett.  in  the  Southern  Historical  Papers. 


366  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

"He  readily  and  cheerfully  acceded  to  this  complimentary  request 
as  he  always  did  to  the  call  of  every  duty.         *  *  *  * 

"At  4  o'clock  on  the  morning  of  November  24th  1863,  a  sentinel 
reported  to  him  that  the  tide  had  washed  aside  some  of  the  chevaux- 
de-frise  that  protected  the  surface  of  the  fort  from  assault,  and  he  at 
once  proceeded  to  examine  the  condition  of  those  defences. 

"  Whilst  inspecting  them,  on  the  outside  of  Sumter,  a  shell  burst 
near  him,  and  he  was  terribly  mangled. 

"  He  lay  there  for  fifteen  minutes,  on  the  wet  rocks,  then,  finding 
that  he  did  not  return,  they  sought  for  him,  and  found  him  in  his 
agony. 

"He  was  borne  into  the  fort  that  he  had  fought  for  so  gallantly, 
and  his  heart's  blood  flowed  upon  her  stones,  consecrating  them  by 
that  crimson  baptism." 

Four  hours  of  intense  suffering,  borne  in  unmurmuring  fortitude, 
and  the  death  "he  deemed  for  honor  sweet"  came  to  his  relief, 
and  Frank  Harleston's  duty  was  done  ! 

Friends  and  comrades  bore  his  body,  dressed  in  his  uniform,  to 
the  church-yard  at  Stansberry,  on  the  Cooper  river,  and  he  was  laid 
to  rest  by  the  side  of  kindred  dust — in  the  flower  of  his  youth,  the 
pride  of  his  family,  the  brave  among  the  bravest,  the  true  among  the 
truest ;  the  gentle,  the  modest,  the  strong  and  faithful  soldier* — one 
of  the  self-sacrificing  heroes  of  Fort  Sumter. 

The  Tablet  was  unveiled  by  Miss  Anna  Colcock  and  Miss  Harriet 
Lowndes  Rhett. 


*NoTE. — The  Tablet  is  of  pure,  white  marble,  chaste  and  beautiful  in  its 
execution,  and  bears  this  inscription: 

Laurae  Parenii  Coronatus. 

Francis  Huger  Harleston,  Captain  of  Cadets; 

First  Honor  Graduate  of  the  S.  C  M.  A.,  i860; 

Captain  ist  Reg't  S.  C  Artillery,  C.  S.  A.  Regulars ; 

Killed  on  duty  at  Fort  Sumter,  Nov.  24,  1863. 

Aged  24  years. 

Erected  by  His  Friends. 


Report  of  Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee.  367 

Report  of  Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee   of   the   Operations  of   the  Cavalry 

Corps  A.  N.  V. 

From  March  28th  to  April  g(h,  /86§  {both  inclusive). 

Richmond,  Va.,  April  22,  1865. 
General  R.   E.   Lee  : 

General, — I  comply  with  pleasure  with  the  desire  expressed  by 
you  to  have  a  report  of  the  last  operations  of  the  cavalry  of  your 
army,  and  have  the  honor  to  submit  the  following  : 

On  the  28th  of  March  my  division  moved  from  its  position  on  the 
extreme  left  of  our  lines  in  front  of  Richmond,  on  the  north  side  of 
James  River,  marched  to  Petersburg  and  up  the  Southside  Railroad, 
reaching  Sutherland  Station,  nineteen  miles  from  Petersburg,  on  the 
29th.  In  compliance  with  verbal  instructions  received  from  you,  I 
marched  the  next  day  (30th)  towards  Dinwiddle  C.  H.,  via  Five 
Forks,  to  watch  and  counteract  the  operations  threatened  by  the 
massing  of  the  Federal  cavalry  at  Dinwiddle  C.  H.  under  Sheridan. 
After  passing  Five  Forks,  a  portion  of  the  enemy's  cavalry  were 
encountered  with  success  and  driven  back  upon  their  large  reserves 
near  the  Courthouse.  Night  put  an  end  to  further  operations,  and 
my  division  was  encamped  in  the  vicinity  of  Five  Forks.  My  loss, 
though  slight,  included  Brigadier-General  W.  H.  Payne  amongst  the 
wounded  ;  and  the  loss  of  the  services  of  this  bold,  capable  officer 
was  severely  felt  in  all  subsequent  movements.  I  was  joined  during 
the  evening  by  the  divisions  of  Major-Generals  W.  H.  F.  Lee  and 
Rosser,  and  by  order  of  the  Commanding  General  took  command  of 
the  cavalry  corps. 

On  the  31st  of  March,  Pickett  coming  up  with  five  small  brigades 
of  infantry,  we  attacked  the  very  large  force  of  the  enemy's  cavalry 
in  our  front  at  Five  Forks,  killed  and  wounded  many,  captured  over 
one  hundred  prisoners,  and  drove  them  to  within  a  half-mile  of 
Dinwiddle  C.  H.  Munford,  in  command  of  my  old  division,  held 
our  lines  in  front  of  the  enemy's  position,  whilst  the  remaining  two 
divisions  of  cavalry,  preceding  the  infantry,  moved  by  a  concealed 
wooded  road  to  turn  and  attack  their  flank.  A  short  stream,  strongly 
defended  at  its  crossing,  presented  an  unexpected  obstacle  to  the 
sudden  attack  contemplated.  It  was  finally  carried,  however,  with 
loss  in  W.  H.  F.  Lee's  and  Rosser's  divisions.  Munford,  attacking 
about  the  same  time,  also  successfully  carried  the  temporary  works 


368  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

thrown  up  in  his  front,  and  by  a  gallant  advance  again  united  his 
command  with  the  other  division.  Darkness  put  an  end  to  our  fur- 
ther advance.  Amongst  the  wounded  were  numbered  Major-Gen. 
Rosser,  slightly,  Captain  Dawson,  my  very  efficient  and  gallant  Chief 
of  Ordnance,  severely,  and  Lieutenant- Colonel  Fields,  Third  Virginia 
Cavalry.  Lieutenant  Croxton,  Fourth  Virginia,  was  killed,  and  a 
number  of  others  whose  names  I  have  not  been  able  to  obtain. 

Our  position  in  the  vicinity  of  Dinwiddle  C.  H.  brought  us  in  rear 
of  the  left  of  the  infantry  confronting  the  right  of  our  line  of  battle  at 
Burgess'  Mill,  and  ascertaining  during  the  night  that  that  force,  con- 
sisting of  the  Fifth  Corps,  had  about-faced  and  was  marching  to  the 
support  of  Sheridan  and  his  discomfited  cavalry,  which  would  have 
brought  them  directly  upon  our  left  flank,  at  daylight  on  the  ist  we 
commenced  moving  back  to  our  former  position  at  Five  Forks,  where 
Pickett  placed  his  infantry  in  line  of  battle.  W.  H.  F.  Lee  was  on  his 
right,  one  regiment  of  Munford's  command  on  his  left,  uniting  with  the 
pickets  of  General  Robert's  command,  who  filled  the  gap  between 
our  position  and  the  right  of  our  main  army,  then  at  Burgess'  Mill. 
Rosser  was  placed  just  in  rear  of  the  centre  as  a  reserve.  Hatcher's 
Run  intervening  between  him  and  our  line 

Everything  continued  quiet  until  about  3  P.  M.  when  reports  reached 
me  of  a  large  body  of  infantry  marching  around  and  menacing  our  left 
flank.  I  ordered  Munford  to  go  in  person,  ascertain  the  exact  con- 
dition of  affairs,  hold  his  command  in  readiness,  and,  if  necessary, 
order  it  up  at  once.  He  soon  sent  for  it,  and  it  reached  its  position 
just  in  time  to  receive  the  attack.  A  division  of  two  small  brigades  of 
cavalry  was  not  able  long  to  withstand  the  attack  of  a  Federal  corps 
of  infantry,  and  that  force  soon  crushed  in  Pickett's  left  flank,  swept 
it  away,  and  before  Rosser  could  cross  Hatcher's  Run,  the  position  at 
the  Fords  was  seized  and  held,  and  an  advance  towards  the  railroad 
made.  It  was  repulsed  by  Rosser.  Pickett  was  driven  rapidly  to- 
wards the  prolongation  of  the  right  of  his  line  of  battle  by  the  com- 
bined attack  of  this  infantry  corps  and  Sheridan's  cavalry,  making  a 
total  of  over  twenty-six  thousand  men,  to  which  he  was  opposed  with 
seven  thousand  men  of  all  arms.  Our  forces  were  driven  back  some 
miles,  the  retreat  degenerating  into  a  rout,  being  followed  up  princi- 
pally by  the  cavalry,  whilst  the  infantry  corps  held  the  position  our 
troops  were  first  driven  from,  threatening  an  advance  upon  the  rail- 
road, and  paralyzing  the  force  of  reserve  cavalry  by  necessitating  its 
being  stationary  in  an  interposing  position  to  check  or  retard  such  an 
advance.     The  disastrous  halt  was  made  at  Five  Forks,  upon  the  day 


Report  of  Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee.  369 

of  our  retrograde  movement  from  Dinwiddie  C.  H.,  on  account  of  the 
importance  of  the  location  as  a  point  of  observation  to  watch  and 
develop  movements,  then  evidently  in  contemplation  for  an  attack 
on  our  left  flank,  or  upon  our  line  of  railroad  communication  ;  the 
importance  of  preserving  which  intact  could  not  be  overestimated.  It 
was  thought  Pickett's  infantry  and  my  cavalry  could  successfully  con- 
tend against  the  superior  numbers  of  the  enemy's  cavalry  (and  which 
the  fighting  the  day  before  amply  verified),  and  should  their  infantry 
be  withdrawn  from  the  position  of  their  lines  contiguous  to  our 
operations,  a  corresponding  force  of  our  own  would  have  thus  been 
made  available,  and  could  be  used  to  restore  the  status  ;  the  distance 
from  Burgess'  Mill,  the  terminus  respectively  of  the  right  and  left  of 
the  two  lines  of  battle,  being  short  from  Five  Forks,  with  a  plain  road 
joining  the  two. 

I  remained  in  position  on  Hatcher's  Run  near  Five  Forks  during 
the  night,  and  was  joined  by  the  cavalry  which  was  driven  back  the 
previous  afternoon,  and  by  Lieutenant-General  Anderson  with  Wise's 
and  Grade's  brigades,  who  leaving  the  position  at  Burgess'  Mill,  had 
marched  by  a  circuitous  route  to  our  relief.  Had  he  advanced  up  the 
direct  road,  it  would  have  brought  him  on  the  flank  and  rear  of  the 
infantry  forming  the  enemy's  right,  which  attacked  our  left  at  Five 
Forks,  and  probably  changed  the  result  of  the  unequal  contest. 
Whilst  Anderson  was  marching  up,  the  Fifth  Corps  was  marching 
back,  and  was  enabled  to  participate  in  the  attack  upon  our  lines  the 
next  day.  Whilst  the  services  of  the  three  infantry  brigades  (which 
General  Anderson  reinforced  us  by,  too  late  for  use),  and  the  five 
with  Picket,  by  their  absence,  increased  the  disparity  between  the 
contending  forces  upon  the  next  day  for  the  possession  of  the  lines 
circumvallating  Petersburg. 

On  April  3d,  General  Anderson  learning  that  the  enemy  had  been 
successful  in  penetrating  our  lines,  and  that  our  army  was  withdrawing 
from  the  vicinity  of  Richmond  and  Petersburg,  commenced  moving 
back  on  the  Namozine  and  Tabernacle  road  towards  Amelia  C.  H. 
I  followed,  protecting  his  rear,  and  skirmishing  with  the  enemy's 
advance  until  Amelia  C.  H.  was  reached  on  the  5th  inst.  At  Deep 
Creek,  en  route,  the  command  was  placed  in  line  of  battle  to  take  ad- 
vantage of  the  defensive  position  offered,  and  to  give  a  check  to  the 
enemy's  rapid  advance.  Wise's  and  Hunton's  brigades  constituted  a 
part  of  the  rear-guard  at  that  time.  The  attack  was  not  made  upon 
us  until  after  dark,  and  was  principally  sustained  by  Munford's  com- 
mand, of  my  old  division,  with  a  steadiness  reflecting  high  credit 
6 


370  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

upon  the  valor  and  discipline  of  his  men.  Owing  to  the  fact  that 
General  Heth's  troops  were  expected  to  arrive  by  the  road  by  which 
the  enemy  advanced,  they  were  permitted  to  approach  very  close  to 
our  lines,  and  it  was  not  until  Lieutenant-Colonel  Strother,  Fourth 
Virginia  Cavalry,  was  sent  to  reconnoitre,  that  it  was  ascertained 
who  they  were  ;  he  having  walked  into  their  line  of  skirmishers, 
which  were  so  near  to  ours  that  the  questions  asked  him  were  dis- 
tinctly heard  by  our  troops.  At  another  of  the  temporary  halts 
upon  this  march  to  check  the  enemy  in  the  vicinity  of  Namozine 
Church,  that  very  excellent  North  Carolina  brigade  of  W.  H.  F. 
Lee's  division  suffered  severely.  The  troops  had  been  placed  in 
motion  again  to  resume  the  march.  This  brigade  was  the  rear  of 
the  column,  and  I  was  obliged  to  retain  it  in  position  to  prevent  the 
enemy  from  attacking  the  remainder  of  the  command.  Whilst  get- 
ting in  motion,  their  rapidly  arriving  forces  soon  augmented  the 
troops  it  was  so  gallantly  holding  in  check,  and  produced  a  concen- 
tration impossible  for  it  to  resist.  Its  commander,  Brigadier-Gene- 
ral Barringer,  was  captured  whilst  in  the  steady  discharge  of  his 
duties,  and  his  loss  was  keenly  felt  bv  the  command.  I  also  had  the 
great  misfortune  to  be  deprived  of  the  services  of  my  most  efficient 
and  untiring  Adjutant-General,  Major  J.  Dugin  Fergusson,  who  was 
captured  about  the  same  time,  and  whose  assistance,  always  impor- 
tant, was  especially  desirable  at  this  time. 

Reporting  to  the  Commanding  General  at  Amelia  C.  H.  on  the 
5th,  I  was  ordered  to  move  with  my  command  on  the  Paynesville 
road  to  protect  the  wagon-train,  a  porton  of  which  was  reported  to 
have  been  attacked  by  some  of  the  enemy's  cavalry.  W.  H.  F.  Lee 
was  detached  and  sent  in  advance  of  Longstreet,  who  was  moving 
from  the  Court  House  towards  Jetersville.  I  found  the  enemy  had 
attacked  and  burned  a  portion  of  the  cavalry  train,  including  my  own 
headquarter  wagons,  and  had  retreated  again  towards  Jetersville.  I 
started  at  once  in  pursuit,  and  soon  closed  up  on  Gary  with  his 
brigade,  who  had  been  previously  dispatched  in  that  direction  and 
was  engaging  their  rear  near  Paynesville.  Reinforcing  him,  the 
enemy  were  rapidly  driven  within  a  mile  of  Jetersville,  where  their 
infantry  were  formed  in  large  force.  (A  dispatch  captured  that  night 
showed  General  Grant  to  be  there  in  person.)  The  pursuit  was  dis- 
continued, and  the  command  placed  in  camp  at  Amelia  Springs.  In 
this  encounter  thirty  of  the  enemy  were  killed,  principally  with  the 
sabre,  and  one  hundred  and  fifty  wounded  and  captured.  The 
attack  was  made  with  Rosser's  division  mounted,  supported  by  a 


Report  of  Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee.  371 

portion  of  my  old  division  dismounted.  The  gallantry  of  Brigadier- 
General  Dearing  in  leading  the  charge  of  his  command  was  here  very 
conspicuous.  Our  loss  was  not  very  heavy,  and  I  can  only  recall  in 
the  connection  the  mortally  wounding  of  two  of  my  bravest  and  best 
young  officers,  Captain  Hugh  McGuire,  Eleventh  Virginia  Cavalry, 
and  Captain  James  Rutherford,  A.  I.  G.,  General  Dearing' s  staff. 
The  portion  of  the  enemy's  cavalry  engaged  in  this  raid  had  preceded 
the  column  which  had  been  marching  on  our  left  flank,  and  had 
reached  Jetersville  on  the  Danville  Railroad  before  Longstreet  arrived 
in  that  vicinity.  Their  cavalry  crossed  the  railroad  and  swept  around 
on  the  north  of  our  right  marching  flank,  and  hence  came  upon  the 
wagon  train.  During  the  night,  at  Amelia  Springs,  Longstreet' s 
corps,  deflected  from  its  originial  line  of  march  by  the  occupation  of 
Jetersville  and  Burkesville  by  the  enemy,  passed  by.  The  Com- 
manding General  arrived  also,  and  I  received  from  him  orders  to 
march  at  daylight  after  General  Longstreet.  The  main  body  of  the 
enemy's  cavalry  had  ceased  to  follow  our  rear  after  our  approach  to 
Amelia  C.  H.,  and  was  moving  on  a  parallel  route  upon  our  left 
marching  flank. 

The  next  morning  (6th  of  April)  I  started  the  main  portion  of  my 
command  under  Rosser  (the  senior  officer  present),  and  remained,  in 
compliance  with  instructions,  to  explain  in  person  to  the  first  infantry 
officer  who  came  up  the  situation  of  things,  and  to  urge  the  import- 
ance of  his  keeping  a  sharp  watch  upon  his  left  flank,  as  it  was  feared 
by  the  Commanding  General  the  enemy  might  tap  the  marching 
column  coming  down  from  the  Amelia  Springs  and  Jetersville  road. 
I  then  rode  on  to  rejoin  the  greater  part  of  my  command  eti  route 
towards  Rice's  Station,  but  was  stopped  after  crossing  Sailor's  creek 
by  the  interposition  of  the  enemy's  cavalry,  who,  coming  from  their 
position  on  the  railroad  in  the  vicinity  of  Jetersville,  had  seized  the 
road  upon  which  we  were  marching,  after  the  rear  of  Longstreet  had 
passed  along  and  previous  to  the  arrival  of  the  head  ot  Ewell's  com- 
mand. I  was  detained  there  some  time,  hoping  an  attack  would  be 
made  to  reopen  the  way.  The  infantry  were  formed  in  line  of  battle 
at  right  angles  to  the  road,  and  facing  the  direction  in  which  they 
were  marching.  An  attack  commenced,  but  was  stopped,  though  the 
enemy  were  being  rapidly  driven  from  our  front.  In  the  meantime 
the  enemy  made  his  appearance  in  the  rear  of  Ewell's  column,  neces- 
sitating the  formation  of  another  line  of  battle  on  Sailor's  creek,  the 
direction  from  which  they  had  marched.  The  line  of  battle  thus 
originally  formed  faced  in  opposite  directions,  and  remained  quietly 


372  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

in  position  until  the  Federal  infantry  reinforced  their  large  force  of 
cavalry  and  with  it  had  almost  entirely  surrounded  them.  Though 
portions  of  this  force,  particularly  the  command  of  General  G.  W. 
C.  Lee,  fought  with  a  gallantry  never  surpassed,  their  defeat  and  sur- 
sender  were  inevitable,  after  the  dispositions  of  the  enemy  to  effect 
it.  I  am  clearly  of  the  opinion  (and  I  only  express  it  because  I  was 
a  witness  of  all  that  happened  until  just  previous  to  the  surrender) 
that  had  the  troops  been  rapidly  massed  when  their  march  was  first 
interrupted  they  could  have  cleared  the  way  and  been  able  to  fall 
into  line  of  battle  on  Longstreet's  left,  who  was  taking  position  at 
Rice's  Station,  some  few  miles  ahead.  Or  had  the  heads  of  the 
column  been  turned  obliquely  off  in  a  westerly  direction,  more  to- 
wards the  road  Gordon  and  the  wagons  were  moving  upon,  an  echelon 
formation  adopted,  the  nature  of  the  ground,  wooded  and  much  broken, 
would  have  kept  the  cavalry  from  harassing  them  sufficiently  to  retard 
their  progress  until  the  arrival  of  their  infantry.  I  rode  out  by  that 
way  with  my  staff  and  a  few  men  just  previous  to  Ewell's  surrender, 
and  found  it  so  feasible  that  I  immediately  sent  a  staff  officer  back  to 
Generals  Ewell  and  Anderson  to  reiterate  to  them  my  convictions, 
previously  expressed,  and  now  so  much  strengthened  by  my  own  ex- 
perience. The  halt,  allowing  time  for  the  accumulation  of  the  enemy's 
troops,  proved  fatal.  General  Rosser,  in  command  of  his  own,  and 
my  old  division,  under  Munford,  proceeded  to  Rice's  Station,  on  the 
Southside  road,  where,  learning  that  a  force  had  been  detached  from 
the  Federal  left,  confronting  Longstreet  at  that  point,  to  open  on  his 
rear,  moved  at  once  to  counteract  their  purpose.  The  enemy  were 
overtaken  and  attacked  on  the  road  towards  and  in  the  vicinity  of 
High  Bridge.  After  a  sharp  encounter  they  were  defeated,  our  forces 
■capturing  some  780  prisoners  and  killing  and  wounding  a  large 
number,  including  amongst  the  killed  their  commander,  Brigadier- 
General  Read,  Chief  of  Staff  to  General  Ord,  commanding  Army  of 
the  James,  whose  body  fell  into  our  hands.  The  enemy's  force  proved 
to  be  a  picket  body  of  infantry  and  a  squadron  of  cavalry,  which, 
placed  under  this  staff  officer,  had  for  its  object  the  destruction  of 
the  High  Bridge  over  the  Appomattox,  in  our  rear.  The  success 
was  indeed  dearly  bought;  for  the  lives  of  Brigadier-General  Bear- 
ing, of  Rosser' s  division;  Colonel  Boston,  Fifth  Virginia  cavalry, 
commanding  Payne's  brigade  of  my  old  division,  and  Major  James 
W.  Thomson,  Stuart's  horse  artillery,  and  Rosser' s  chief  in  that 
arm,  were  lost  in  attaining  it.  The  splendid  gallantry  of  these  three 
officers  had  been  tested  on  many  fields,  and  their  conspicuous  valor 


Report  of  Major-General  Fitzhugh  Lee.  373 

was  universally  known.  The  genial  and  dashing  Thomson  was 
killed  leading  cavalry,  his  guns  not  being  present. 

On  the  night  of  the  6th  the  position  at  Rice's  Station  was  aban- 
doned, and  I  moved  in  rear  of  Longstreet,  crossing  the  Appomattox 
a  little  above  Farmville.  Fighting  took  place  between  my  rear  and 
the  enemy's  advance  in  the  vicinity  and  in  the  streets  of  Farmville,  it 
being  found  necessary  to  retard  their  progress  to  give  time  for  the 
passage  of  the  river  by  our  troops.  On  the  7th  a  portion  of  the 
enemy's  cavalry,  having  crossed  the  river  again,  made  an  attack  upon 
the  wagon  train  moving  upon  our  line  of  march.  They  were  met  by 
Munford  in  front,  whilst  Rosser  attacked  their  flank,  and  were  driven 
back  with  considerable  loss,  including  amongst  the  captured  their 
Commanding  General,  Irvin  Gregg.  Our  position  was  held  near 
this  point  of  attack  until  12  P.  M.,  when  the  march  was  resumed 
towards  Appomattox  Courthouse.  The  cavalry  followed  in  the  rear 
of  Longstreet' s  corps,  and  maintained  that  order  of  march  through- 
out the  8th,  followed  by  a  portion  of  the  Federal  infantry.  Their 
cavalry  and  the  remainder  of  their  infantry  pursued  the  line  of  rail- 
road from  Farmville  to  Appomattox  Station. 

During  the  evening  of  the  8th  I  received  orders  to  move  the  cav- 
alry corps  to  the  front,  and  to  report  in  person  to  the  Commanding 
General.  Upon  arriving  at  his  headquarters  I  found  General  Long- 
street  there,  and  we  were  soon  after  joined  by  General  Gordon.  The 
condition  of  our  situation  was  explained  by  the  Commanding  Gene- 
ral to  us  as  the  commanders  of  his  three  corps,  and  the  correspond- 
ence between  General  Grant  and  himself,  as  far  as  it  had  then  pro- 
gressed, was  laid  before  us.  It  was  decided  that  I  should  attack  the 
enemy's  cavalry  at  daylight,  then  reported  as  obstructing  our  further 
march.  Gordon  was  to  support  me,  and  in  case  nothing  but  cavalry 
were  discovered,  we  were  to  clear  it  from  our  route  and  open  a  way 
for  our  remaining  troops;  but  in  case  they  were  supported  by  heavy 
bodies  of  infantry,  the  Commanding  General  should  be  at  once  noti- 
fied, in  order  that  a  flag  of  truce  should  be  sent  to  accede  to  the 
only  only  alternative  left  us.  The  enemy  were  enabled  to  take  posi- 
tion across  our  line  of  march  by  moving  up  from  Appomattox  Sta- 
tion, which  they  reached  earlier  than  our  main  advance,  in  conse- 
quence of  our  march  being  retarded  by  our  wagon  trains.  At 
daybreak  on  the  9th,  Gordon's  command,  numbering  about  1,600  mus- 
kets, was  formed  in  line  of  battle  half  mile  west  of  Appomattox  Court- 
house, on  the  Lynchburg  road.     The  cavalry  corps  was  formed  on  his 


37-1  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

right,  W.  H.  F.  Lee's  division  being  nearest  the  infantry,  Rosser's 
in  the  centre,  and  Munford's  on  the  extreme  right,  making  a  mounted 
force  of  about  2,400  men.  Our  attack  was  made  about  sunrise,  and 
the  enemy's  cavalry  quickly  driven  out  of  the  way  with  a  loss  of  two 
guns  and  a  number  of  prisoners.  The  arrival  at  this  time  of  two 
corps  of  their  infantry  necessitated  the  retiring  of  our  lines  ;  during 
which,  and  knowing  what  would  be  the  result,  I  withdrew  the  cav- 
alry, W.  H.  F.  Lee  retiring  towards  our  rear,  and  Rosser  and  Mun- 
ford  out  towards  Lynchburg,  having  cleared  that  road  of  the  enemy. 

Upon  hearing  that  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  had  surren- 
dered, the  men  were  generally  dispersed  and  rode  off  to  their  homes, 
subject  to  reassembling  for  a  continuation  of  the  struggle.  I  rode 
out  in  person  with  a  portion  of  W.  H.  F.  Lee's  division,  the  nearest 
to  me  at  that  time,  and  previous  to  the  negotiations  between  the 
commanders  of  the  two  armies.  It  will  be  recalled  that  my  action 
was  in  accordance  with  the  views  I  had  expressed  in  the  council  the 
night  before,  that  if  a  surrender  was  compelled  the  next  day  I  would 
try  and  extricate  the  cavalry,  provided  it  could  be  done  without 
compromising  the  action  of  the  Commanding  General,  but  that  I 
would  not  avail  myself  of  a  cessation  of  hostilities  pending  the  exist- 
ence of  a  flag  of  truce.  I  had  an  understanding  with  General  Gor- 
don that  he  should  communicate  to  you  the  information  of  the  pres- 
ence of  the  enemy's  infantry  upon  the  road  in  our  front.  Apart  from 
the  fond  though  forlorn  hope  that  future  operations  were  still  in  store 
for  the  cavalry,  I  was  desirous  that  they  should  not  be  included  in 
the  capitulations,  because  the  ownership  of  their  horses  was  vested 
in  themselves,  and  I  deemed  it  doubtful  that  terms  would  be  offered 
allowing  such  ownership  to  continue.  A  few  days  convinced  me  of 
the  impracticability  of  longer  entertaining  such  hopes,  and  I  rode 
into  the  Federal  lines  and  accepted  for  myself  the  terms  offered  the 
officers  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  ;  my  cavalry  are  being  pa- 
roled at  the  nearest  places  for  such  purposes  in  their  counties. 

The  burning  by  the  enemy  of  all  my  retained  reports,  records  and 
data  of  every  kind,  near  Painesville,  in  Amelia  County,  which  were 
in  one  of  the  wagons  destroyed,  and  my  inability  to  get  reports  from 
my  officers,  is  my  apology  for  the  rendition  of  a  report  incomplete  in 
many,  though  I  think  minor,  details.  I  particularly  regret  not  being 
able  to  do  justice,  in  this  the  only  way  I  can,  to  the  many  acts  of 
gallantry  performed  by  officers  and  men  upon  the  memorable  re- 
treat ;  but  such  conduct  is  usually  derived  from  the  reports  of  subor- 


Report  of  Major-General  Filzhiujli  Lee.  375 

dinate  officers,  the  absence  of  which  will  explain  it.  I  testify,  how- 
ever, to  the  general  conduct  of  my  officers  and  men  as  highly  credit- 
able to  themselves  upon  every  occasion  which  called  forth  its  display. 
They  fought  every  day  from  the  29th  of  March  to  the  9th  of  April, 
both  inclusive,  with  a  valor  as  steady  as  of  yore,  and  whose  bright- 
ness was  not  dimned  by  the  increasing  clouds  of  adversity.  I  desire 
to  call  attention  to  the  marked  and  excellent  behavior  of  Generals 
W.  H.  F.  Lee,  Rosser  and  Munford,  commanding  divisions.  The 
former  was  detached  from  the  main  command,  being  the  senior 
division-commander,  whenever  it  became  necessary  for  a  force  to 
operate  separately,  and  I  hope  has  made  a  report  direct  to  the  Com- 
manding General.  He  surrendered  with  the  army  at  Apomattox  C. 
H.  The  other  two  succeeded  in  getting  out,  and  immediately  made 
arrangements  to  continue  the  struggle  until  the  capitulation  of  Gen- 
ral  Johnson's  army  brought  the  convincing  proof  that  a  further 
resistance  was  useless.  The  notice  of  the  Commanding  General  is 
also  directed  to  Brigadier- Generals  Henry  A.  Wise  and  Eppa  Hun- 
ton,  commanding  infantry  brigades,  and  who  were  more  or  less  under 
my  command  until  Amelia  Courthouse  was  reached.  The  disheart- 
ening surrounding  influences  had  no  effect  upon  them;  they  kept 
their  duty  plainly  in  view,  and  they  fully  performed  it.  The  past 
services  of  General  Henry  A.  Wise,  his  antecedents  in  civil  life, 
and  his  age,  caused  his  bearing  upon  this  most  trying  retreat  to 
shine  conspicuously  forth.  His  unconquerable  spirit  was  filled  with 
as  much  earnestness  and  zeal  in  April,  1865,  as  when  he  first  took 
up  arms,  four  years  ago;  and  the  freedom  with  which  he  exposed  a 
long  life  laden  with  honors  proved  he  was  willing  to  sacrifice  it  if  it 
would  conduce  towards  attaining  the  liberty  of  his  country.  Briga- 
dier-General Munford,  commanding  my  division,  mentions  most 
favorably  Colonel  W.  A.  Morgan,  First  Virginia  cavalry;  Colonel 
W.  B.  Wooldridge,  Fourth  Virginia  ;  Lieutenant-Colonel  Cary 
Breckinridge,  Second  Virginia  (a  brother  of  the  gallant  Captain 
James  Breckinridge,  of  the  same  regiment,  who  was  killed  at  Five 
Forks,  as  was  not  previously  mentioned);  Lieutenant-Colonels  Old, 
Fourth  Virginia,  and  Irving,  First  Virginia,  all  of  Munford' s  old 
brigade;  Captain  Henry  Lee,  A.  A.  G. ;  Lieutenant  Abram  War- 
wick, A.  D.  C. ;  Lieutenant  Mortimer  Rogers,  Ordnance  Officer; 
and  Sergeant- Major  L.  Griffin,  Second  Virginia  cavalry. 

I  cannot  close  this,  my  last  official  report,  without  commending 
for  their  valuable  services  the  following  officers  of  my  staff  not  pre- 


376  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

viously  mentioned,  and  who  at  the  last  moment  were  found  doing 
their  duty  on  the  fated  field  of  Appomattox:  Majors  Mason  and 
Treaner,  Assistant  Adjutant  and  Inspector- Generals;  Major  W.  B. 
Warwick,  Chief  Commissary;  Dr.  A.  C.  Randolph,  Chief  Surgeon; 
Major  Breathed,  Chief  of  Artillery;  Major  G.  M.  Ryalls,  formerly  of 
General  Stuart's  staff;  and  Captain  Lewellyn  Saunderson,  who, 
having  just  arrived  from  his  native  country,  Ireland,  joined  me  pre- 
vious to  the  fall  of  Petersburg,  and  remained  with  me  to  the  last. 
The  proverbial  intrepidity  of  the  dashing  Mason  and  reckless 
Breathed  upon  every  battle-field  of  the  war  that  the  Army  of  North- 
ern Virginia  contended  for  is  too  well  known  for  me  to  do  more  than 
refer  to.  Major  Warwick,  apart  from  his  onerous  duties,  rendered 
services  on  many  fields,  his  cool  courage  causing  him  often  to  be 
employed  in  duties  not  immediately  pertaining  to  his  office.  I  deeply 
regret  being  obliged  to  mention  the  dangerous  wounding  of  my 
aide-de-camp,  Lieutenant  Charles  Minnigerode,  Jr.  One  of  the  last 
minie-balls  that  whistled  on  its  cruel  errand  over  the  field  of  Appo- 
mattox passed  entirely  through  the  upper  part  of  his  body.  He 
fell  at  my  side,  where  for  three  long  years  he  had  discharged  his 
duties  with  an  affectionate  fidelity  never  exceeded,  a  courage  never 
surpassed.  Wonderfully  passing  unharmed  through  the  many  battles 
fought  by  the  two  principal  armies  in  this  State  (for  an  impetuous 
spirit  often  carried  him  where  the  fire  was  hottest),  he  was  left  at  last, 
writhing  in  his  great  pain,  to  the  mercy  of  the  victors  upon  the  field 
of  our  last  struggle.  The  rapidly-advancing  lines  of  the  enemy  pre- 
vented his  removal,  and  as  we  turned  away,  the  wet  eyes  and  sorrow- 
ing hearts  silently  told  that  one  was  no  longer  in  our  midst.  Lieu- 
tenant Minnegerode  combined  the  qualities  of  an  aid-de-camp  to  a 
general-officer  in  a  remarkable  degree.  His  personal  services  to  me 
will  forever  be  prized  and  remembered,  whilst  his  intelligence,  amia- 
bility and  brightness  of  disposition  rendered  him  an  object  of  en- 
dearment to  all. 

Most  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

(Signed)  Fitzhugh  Lee, 

Ma j.- Gen.    Com' g  Cav. 


Louisiana  s  Vote  of  Thanks  to  Virginia.  377 

Louisiana's  Vote  of   Thanks  to  Virginia. 

[We  have  received  the  following,  and  take  great  pleasure  in  pre- 
serving in  our  records  this  tribute  of  Louisiana  to  the  "Old  Do- 
minion."] 

Commonwealth  of  Virginia, 
Governor's  Office,  Richmond,  June  20th,  1884, 

Dr.  J.   William  Jones,  Editor,  &c. ,  Southern  Historical  Magazine ^ 
Richmond,  Va.: 

Dear  Sir, — I  have  received  from  Mr.  John  M.  Sandidge,  Esq.,  of 
New  Orleans,  a  copy  of  resolutions  of  thanks  from  the  Legislature 
of  Louisiana  to  the  people  of  Virginia,  a  copy  of  which  I  send  you, 
thinking  they  may  prove  of  interest  to  the  many  readers  of  the  His- 
torical Magazine. 

Very  respectfully, 

William  E.  Cameron, 
No.  73.  [A  Copy.] 

JOINT  resolutions  OF  THANKS  TO  THE  PEOPLE  OF  VIRGINIA. 

Whereas,  The  people  of  Virginia  have  on  all  occasions  mani- 
fested marked  kindness  and  devoted  attention  to  the  sick  and 
wounded  soldiers  from  Louisiana  placed  among  them  by  the  vicissi- 
tudes of  war,  and  whereas  these  kindnesses  have  ever  prompted  and 
received  the  grateful  and  hearty  thanks  of  every  citizen  of  this  State: 
Therefore, 

/.  Be  it  resolved  by  the  Senate  and  House  of  Representatives  of 
the  State  of  Louisiana  in  General  Assembly  convened.  That  the  cor- 
dial thanks  of  the  State  of  Louisiana  are  due  and  are  hereby  ten- 
dered to  the  people  of  Virginia  for  the  unwearying  kindness  and 
devoted  attention  which  they  have  ever  bestowed  upon  the  sick  and 
wounded  soldiers  of  this  State,  and  that  these  generous  deeds  will 
ever  be  cherished  by  our  people  with  sentiments  of  profound  grati- 
tude, and  the  remembrance  of  them  be  an  additional  tie  to  unite 
more  indissolubly  the  two  States  in  a  cause  and  Confederacy  en- 
deared by  their  common  sacrifices  and  consecrated  by  their  com- 
mingled blood. 

2.  Be  it  further  resolved,  &c.,  That  the  renown  achieved  by  the 
sons  of  Virginia  in  this  war,  her  firmness  amid  her  arduous  trials,  her 


378  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

unfaltering  devotion  to  the  great  cause  of  liberty  and  independence, 
and  the  uniform  kindness  and  sympathy  shown  by  her  people  to  the 
soldiers  of  her  sister  States,  entitle  her  to  the  approbation  of 
"Mother  of  Warriors"  as  of  "States  and  Statesmen,"  illustrate 
her  characteristic  fidelity  to  principle,  and  embellish  anew  her  pro- 
verbial reputation  for  hospitality. 

J.  Be  it  further  resolved,  &c.,  That  his  Excellency,  the  Governor, 
be,  and  he  is  hereby,  requested  to  transmit  a  copy  of  these  resolu- 
tions to  the  Governor  of  Virginia,  to  be  by  him  communicated  to 
the  citizens  of  that  State  in  such  manner  as  he  may  deem  appropriate. 

[Signed]  J.  B,  Elam, 

Speaker  of  the  House  of  Representatives. 

[Signed]  B.  W.  Pearce, 

Lieutenant- Goveryior  and  President  of  the  Senate. 

Approved  February  4,    1865. 

[Signed]  Henry  W.  Allen, 

Governor  of  the  State  of  Louisiana. 
A  true  copy: 

[Signed]  G.   D.   Hardy,   Secretary  of  State. 


General    Bragg    and    the    Chickamauga    Campaign — A    Reply   to    General 

Martin. 

By  Captain  W.  M.  Polk. 

The  recent  publication  of  Major  Sykes'  papers  on  the  army  of  Ten- 
nessee, and  of  the  replies  that  have  been  called  forth,  furnishes  an 
opportunity  to  settle  some  of  the  disputed  matters  appertaining  to  the 
campaigns  and  battles  of  that  army. 

There  are  a  number  about  which  there  is  much  conflict  of  state- 
ment— too  many,  in  fact,  to  be  grouped  in  one  enquiry,  I  shall, 
therefore,  as  a  commencement,  select  one  of  sufficient  interest  to  call 
forth  comment,  and  I  hope  discussion. 

I  will  go  back  to  the  number  of  your  journal  published  April  and  May, 
1883.  In  that  issue  is  an  article  from  General  Will.  T.  Martin,  of  Miss,, 
headed  "A  Defence  of  General  Bragg' s  Conduct  at  Chickamauga." 
On  page  202  he  says:  "There  are  many  living  officers  and  men  who 
know  how  little  blame  should  have  attached  to  him  (General  Bragg) 
for  Hindman's  palpable  disobedience  of  orders  in  McLemore'  Cove, 


General  Bragg  and  the  Chickamauga  Campaign.        379 

and  General  PoW s  failure  to  attack  Crittenden' s  corps  in  its  isolated 
position  immediately  after  Hindmayi' s  fiasco.'' 

Of  Hindman's  failure  I  know  nothing  save  what  is  to  be  found  in 
the  official  reports.  Hindman,  although  commanding  one  of  the  di- 
visions in  General  Polk's  corps,  having  been  assigned  to  it  just  before 
the  campaign,  was,  with  his  division,  on  September  9th,  detached 
from  Polk's  corps  in  order  that  he  might  make  the  movement  into 
McLemore's  Cove,  under  the  direct  supervision  of  army  headquar- 
ters, it  being  understood  that  General  Bragg  was  then  quite  partial 
to  him. 

The  order  detaching  him  was  this  : 

Headquarters  Army  of  Tennessee, 
Gordon's  Mills,  Sept.  gth,  i86j. 

General:  Orders  have  been  given  to  Major- General  Hindman 
detaching  him  from  your  corps.     He  is  directed  to  move  at  once. 

Respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

Kinlock  Falconer,  A.  A.  G. 
Lieutenant-  General  Polk. 

This  placed  him  outside  General  Polk's  jurisdiction  for  that  move- 
ment; consequently  I  do  not  now  ask  for  any  discussion  of  the  McLe- 
more's Cove  affair.  What  I  wish  to  bring  out  is  the  history  of  what 
General  Martin — and  General  Bragg  before  him — calls  General  Polk's 
failure  to  attack  Crittenden  immediately  after  Hindman's  fiasco. 

I  fully  understand  that  General  Martin  has  but  one  object  in  view,  viz., 
the  defence  of  a  man  that  he  believes  has  been  misrepresented.  He  be- 
lieves that  General  Polk,  and  not  General  Bragg,  was  responsible  for 
the  failure  to  crush  Crittenden ;  else  he  would  not  say  that  there  are 
many  living  officers  and  men  who  know  how  little  blame  should  at- 
tach to  General  Bragg  for  the  failure  in  that  emergency. 

It  is  in  the  same  spirit  that  I  now  seek  the  fullest  information.  If 
General  Polk  was  to  blame,  neither  he  nor  any  friend  of  his  would 
wish  the  responsibility  to  rest  upon  another ;  and  in  like  manner  I 
am  sure  General  Bragg's  memory  will  be  best  served  by  resting  upon 
him  such  responsibilities  as  a  candid  enquiry  may  show  to  belong  to 
him. 

In  order  to  aid  in  the  solution  of  the  question,  I  shall  tell  the  story 
from  my  point  of  view. 

By  mid-day,  September  nth,  1863,  General  Bragg  knew  that 
Hindman's   movement  against  Thomas    in   McLemore's  Cove   had 


380  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

failed.  He  then  had  his  forces  disposed  as  follows  :  Hindman's 
and  Walker's  divisions,  with  Buckner's  corps  and  Cleburn's  division 
of  Hill's  corps — five  divisions  in  all,  some  25,000  men — were  in 
McLemore's  Cove.  Polk,  with  Cheatham's  division — some  7,000 
more — was  at  Anderson's  house,  four  miles  south  of  Gordon's 
Mills,  while  Breckenridge's  division  was  at  Lafayette,  some  twelve  or 
more  miles  to  the  south  again  of  Gordon's  Mills.  The  relation  of 
the  three  corps  of  the  enemy  to  the  position  of  Bragg's  force,  in  the 
Cove  and  at  Anderson's,  was  then  as  follows  : 

McCook  was  far  away  to  the  south  of  Lafayette,  near  Alpine,  and 
Thomas  to  the  west,  well  out  of  reach  on  the  top  of  Lookout  Moun- 
tain, while  Crittenden,  completely  isolated,  was  to  the  east  and  north, 
near  Ringgold  and  Gordon's  Mills.  Two  of  Crittenden's  divisions — 
Vancleveand  Palmer — camped  at  Ringgold  that  night;  the  remaining 
division — Wood's — camped  the  same  night  at  Gordon's  Mills,  west 
of  the  Chickamauga.  Crittenden's  entire  force,  including  Wilder' s 
mounted  infantry,  was  some  16,000  men,  less  by  15,000  than  the  force 
of  Confederates  that  lay  between  him  and  the  remainder  of  the 
Federal  army.  To  secure  him  it  was  necessary  for  General  Bragg, 
immediately  after  Hindman's  failure,  only  to  face  about  and  march 
towards  him. 

If  one  did  not  refer  to  the  map,  in  reading  General  Bragg's  official 
report  (page  55,  vol.  II,  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers),  he 
would  infer  that  this  was  the  movement  next  attempted ;  for,  after  speak- 
ing of  the  failure  in  the  Cove,  he  says  :  "  Our  movement  having  failed  in 
its  justly  anticipated  results,  it  was  determined  to  turn  upon  the  third 
corps  of  the  enemy,  approaching  us  from  the  direction  of  Chata- 
nooga.  The  forces  were  accordingly  withdrawn  to  Lafayette,  and 
Polk's  and  Walker's  corps  were  moved  immediately  in  the  direction 
of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills."  In  other  words,  the  withdrawal  to  La- 
fayette was  a  necessary  part  of  the  movement  of  Polk  and  Walker  in 
the  direction  of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills.  This  is  clearly  the  inter- 
pretation to  be  put  upon  General  Bragg's  statement — the  one  he  in- 
tended. 

If  the  extract  is  a  full  statement  of  General  Bragg's  designs  imme- 
diately after  Hindman's  failure,  a  glance  at  any  good  map  of  the 
State  of  Georgia  will  show  how  much  useless  marching  was  done  by 
the  forces  that  he  wished  to  use  against  Crittenden. 

Polk  lay  at  Anderson's,  four  miles  from  the  Mills ;  Hindman  and 
Walker  were  in  McLemore's  Cove.  Polk  was  marched  to  Lafayette 
and  then  marched  back  to   his   original   position.      Hindman  and 


General  Bragg  and  the  Chickamauga  Campaign.        381 

Walker,  instead  of  moving  down  the  Chickamauga  Valley  towards 
Crittenden's  position,  at  Ringgold  and  the  Mills,  moved  to  Lafayette, 
and  then  from  Lafayette  in  the  direction  of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills. 

We  may  get  a  fair  idea  of  this  manoeuvre  by  likening  the  position 
to  a  triangle— A,  B,  C.  The  enemy  is  just  without  the  limits  of  the 
triangle  near  B.  Our  forces  being  at  A,  and  near  B,  we  move  all  to 
C,  and  then  move  them  to  B.  The  distance  from  the  Confederate 
position  in  the  Cove  to  the  Mills  was  about  equal  to  that  from  Lafa- 
yette to  the  Mills,  while  the  distance  from  the  Cove  to  Lafayette 
was  somewhat  less.  All  the  roads  were  good  and  open,  having  been 
traversed  but  the  day  before  by  various  portions  of  General  Bragg's 
army. 

This  concentration  at  Lafayette,  being  then  a  movement  away  from 
Crittenden  rather  than  towards  him,  it  is  impossible  to  accept  it  as  a 
part  of  a  movement  upon  that  corps  of  the  Federal  army.  The  key 
to  it  will  be  found  in  the  following  dispatch  to  Hindman.  (See  Gen- 
eral Bragg's  official  report) : 

Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 
Lafayette,  Ga.,  12  P.  M.,  Septeynber  10,  i86j. 

Major  General  Hindman,  Commanding: 

General  :  Headquarters  are  here,  and  the  following  is  the  in- 
formation : 

Crittenden's  corps  is  advancing  on  us  from  Chatanooga.  A  large 
force  from,  the  south  has  adva^iced  to  withiyi  seve?i  miles  of  this  poiyit. 
Polk  is  left  at  Anderson's  to  cover  your  rear.  General  Bragg  orders 
you  to  attack  and  force  your  way  through  the  enemy  to  this  point  at 
the  earliest  hour  you  can  see  him  in  the  morning.  Cleburn  will  at- 
tack in  front  the  moment  your  guns  are  heard. 

I  am,  General,  etc., 

Geo,  W.  Brent,  A.  A.  Geii' I. 

The  force  seven  miles  to  the  south  of  Lafayette  was  the  cause  of 
the  concentration  at  that  point;  and  as  every  one  on  the  ground 
knew,  this  concentration  was  not  a  part  of  the  movement  on  Critten- 
den. 

This  dispatch,  together  with  the  extract  from  General  Bragg's  re- 
port, already  given,  shows  that  not  only  after,  but  even  before  Hind- 
man's  failure,  the  Confederate  commander  had  very  good  knowledge 
of  his  enemy's    whereabouts.     Standing   in    McLemore's  Cove,  he 


382  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

knew,  and  his  splendid  army  of  not  less  than  thirty-five  thousand  men 
knew,  that  he  held  the  central  position,  and  that  the  disjointed  corps 
of  the  enemy  lay  around  so  widely  separated  that  they  could  render 
one  another  no  assistance. 

A  blow  had  been  aimed  at  Thomas,  and  although  it  failed,  it  sent 
him  up  the  mountain  still  further  away  from  his  companion  corps. 

McCook  and  Crittenden  remained.  It  was  for  General  Bragg  to 
elect  which  he  would  strike. 

There  was  scarcely  a  man  in  that  army  of  Confederates,  having 
knowledge  of  the  affair,  who  doubted  the  direction  of  the  blow.  The 
force  seven  miles  to  the  south  of  Lafayette  might  or  might  not  be 
McCook's  corps.  If  it  were,  but  little  was  to  be  gained  by  marching 
towards  it,  especially  as  the  proximity  to  the  range  of  Lookout  Moun- 
tain was  such  that  it  could  easily  escape,  as  Thomas  had  just  done. 
But  there  lay  Crittenden  well  out  in  the  plain,  isolated,  at  our 
mercy.  A  march  of  twelve  or  fifteen  miles  at  furthest  would  secure 
him.  With  this  corps  crushed  we  were  free  to  march  through  Chat- 
anooga,  around  the  head  of  Lookout  Mountain,  and  arrange  matters 
with  Thomas  and  McCook  as  they  should  attempt  to  pass  northward. 
No  serious  opposition  could  have  been  offered  to  this  movement  by 
Steedman's  force,  as  it  was  yet  near  Bridgeport.  It  was  a  mighty 
opportunity. 

The  Confederate  commander  turned  towards  McCook.  He  con- 
centrated at  Fayette.  This,  as  was  expected  by  many,  was  a  fruitless 
effort;  for  McCook  was  faraway  at  Alpine;  and  the  enemy,  seven 
miles  oft,  who  had  been  the  cause  of  our  march,  proved  to  be  merely 
a  small  reconnoitering  force.  Then  it  was  that  the  Confederate  com- 
mander turned  his  attention  to  Crittenden.  But  it  was  the  twelfth, 
and  twenty-four  hours  had  been  lost — twenty-four  as  precious  hours 
as  were  ever  wasted.  Instead  of  having  his  army  across  Crittenden's 
path.  General  Bragg  had  it  at  Lafayette.  Thus  was  sacrificed  not 
only  the  ground  between  Crittenden  and  Thomas,  but  the  only  posi- 
tion the  Confederate  army  ever  held  commanding  Crittenden's  sole 
line  of  retreat — that  by  way  of  Chatanooga. 

Crittenden  now  covered  his  line  of  retreat;  but  as  he  was  still  sep- 
arated from  Thomas,  the  prompt  marching  of  the  Confederate  army 
to  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills  would  have  engaged  and  perhaps  have 
captured  him. 

This  brings  us  to  the  movement  entrusted  to  General  Polk,  the 
movement  that  General  Martin  terms  "  General  Polk's  failure  to  at- 
tack Crittenden's  corps   in   its   isolated  position  immediately  after 


General  Bragg  and  the  Ohickamauga  Campaign.        383 

Hindman's  fiasco."     The  movement  that  General  Bragg  intimates  he 
made  "'immediately''  after  the  failure  in  the  Cove. 

The  first  positive  step  towards  it  was  the  following  order  : 

Headquarters,  Lafayette,  Ga., 

Septe?nber  12,  i  A.  M. 

General:  The  General  commanding  directs  that  you  will  at 
once  proceed  with  Cheatham's  division  and  take  position  at  Rock 
Spring.  You  will  order  forward  also  the  rest  of  your  corps  as  soon 
as  practicable. 

I  am,  General,  very  respectfully,  your  obedient  servant, 

Geo.  Wm.  Brent. 

If  we  look  a  short  distance  to  the  southeast  of  Lee  and  Gordon's 
Mills,  we  will  find  Rock  Spring.  It  is  about  four  miles  southeast  of 
the  Mills,  about  twelve  north  of  Lafayette,  and  about  seven  southwest 
of  Ringgold.  It  marks  the  intersection  of  roads  leading  from  Gor- 
don's Mills  on  the  west,  Peavine  Church  and  Greysville  on  the  north, 
and  Ringgold  on  the  east;  a  line  drawn  from  Ringgold  to  the  Mills 
passes  a  few  miles  to  the  north  of  it;  and  it  will  be  noticed  that  the 
Chickamauga  flows  between  it  and  the  Mills. 

To  reach  it  from  Lafayette  General  P'olk  had  to  pass  over  the  road 
he  had  marched  the  evening  before. 

Cheatham's  division,  first  in  motion,  reached  the  position  by  even- 
ing. Walker's  demi-corps  (four  brigades)  followed  promptly;  ar- 
rived about  dark.  Hindman,  allowed  to  rest  at  Lafayette  till  9  or  10 
P.  M.  by  General  Bragg,  reached  the  line  about  daylight.*     Having 

*Headquarters  a.  T.  in  the  field, 
"  Lafayette,  September  12,  iS6j,  S  1-2  P.  M. 

General  :     In  reply  to  your  communication  of  this  date,  in  regard  to 
the  moving  your  command,  the  General  commanding  directs  me  to  say  that 
he  regards  your  march  this  evening  as  of  the  first  importance.     He  desires 
that  you  will  move  up  promptly,  and  report  to  Lieutenant-General  Polk, 
I  am.  General,  your  obedient  servant, 

Geo.  Wm.  Brent. 
To  Major-  General  Hindman. 

[Endorsement.] 

Headquarters  Hindman's  Division, 

Sept.  12,  1862,,  9:45  P.  M. 
Respectfully  forwarded  for  the  information  of  the  Lieutenant-General 
commanding  the  corps.     In  reply  to  a  communication  from  General  Mac- 
kail,  enquiring  as  to  the  time  my  command  would  move,  I  stated  that  the 
hour  originally  designated  was  at  dark  this  evening,  but  that  subsequently, 


384  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

shown  the  position  to  which   General  Bragg  ordered  General  Polk, 

and  the  steps  taken  to  occupy  it,  we  now  reproduce  General  Bragg' s 

orders  to  attack : 

Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 

Lafayette,  Ga.,  6  P.  M.,  September  12. 

Lieutenant-  General  Polk: 

General:  I  enclose  you  a  dispatch  from  General  Pegram. 
This  presents  you  a  fine  opportunity  of  striking  Crittenden  in  detail, 
and  I  hope  you  will  avail  yourself  of  it  at  daylight  to-morrow.  This 
division  crushed,  and  the  others  are  yours.  We  can  then  turn  on 
the  force  in  the  Cove.  Wheeler's  cavalry  will  move  on  Wilder  so  as 
to  cover  your  right.     I  shall  be  delighted  to  hear  of  your  success. 

Very  truly  yours, 

Braxton  Bragg. 

Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 
Lafayette,  Ga.,  6  P.  M.,  Sept.  12th,  1863. 
Lieutenant-  Geiieral  Polk,  Commanding  Corps  : 

General  :  I  enclose  you  a  dispatch  marked  "A,"  and  I  now  give 

you  the  orders  of  the  Comm.anding  General — viz:  to  attack  at  day- 

dawn  to-morrow  the  infantry  column  reported  in  said  dispatch,  at 

three-quarters  of  a  mile  beyond  Peavi^ie   Chiirch,  on  the  road  to 

Gray sville,  from  Lafayette. 

I  am,  General,  etc., 

Geo.  W.  Brent, 
Assistant  Adjutant  General. 

Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 
Lafayette,  Ga.,  Sept.  12th,  1863. 
Lieutenant-  General  Polk,  Commayiding  Corps : 

General:  The  enemy  is  approaching  from  the  south,  and  it  is 
highly  important  that  your  attack  in  the  morning  should  be  quick 
and  decided.     Let  no  time  be  lost. 

I  am,  General,  etc., 

Geo.  W.  Brent, 
Assistant  Adjutant  General. 

at  my  urgent  request,  the  order  to  march  was  suspended  until  daylight  to- 
morrow. The  within  order  was  received  at  9:05  P.  M.  My  command  will  be 
ready  to  move  at  10  P.  M.  I  respectfully  request  that  a  staff-officer  from 
corps  headquarters  may  meet  me  at  the  head  of  my  column,  to  designate  to 
me  the  place  where  my  command  is  to  be  camped. 

T.  C.  HiNDMAN,  Maj.-GenH  Command' g. 


General  Bragg  and  the  Chickamauga  Campaign.        385 

In  full  reliance  upon  the  information  furnished  from  army  head- 
quarters, and  by  the  cavalry  that  had  been  operating  against  Critten- 
den during  the  day,  General  Polk,  at  8  P.  M.,  wrote  General  Bragg 
of  his  disposition,  and  suggested,  in  order  to  make  the  expected  at- 
tack overwhelming,  that  Buckner's  corps  be  moved  in  supporting 
distance,  the  dispatch  ending  thus  : 

''The  enemy  is  moving  with  steady  step  upon  my  position,  it  is 
a  strong  one,  and  will  no  doubt  attack  early  in  the  morning.  My 
troops  I  cannot  get  into  position  in  time  to  attack  myself  at  so  early 
as  day-dawn.  If  Ifiyid  he  is  not  gohig  to  attack  me,  I  will  attack  him 
withoict  delay y 

At  day-dawn  the  Confederate  cavalry  were  pushed  out  to  develop 
the  enemy,  but  none  could  be  found.  At  8:30  A.  M.,  a  brigade  from 
each  division  was  moved  forward  on  each  of  the  three  roads,  and  still 
none  could  be  found. 

Then  came  the  following  dispatch  from  General  Pegram : 

Headquarters  12  Miles  from  Lafayette, 
Ala.  Road,  Sept.  13th,  8:30  A.  M. 
General:  My  scouts  from  Ringgold  have  returned  ;  no  enemy 
there,  and  I  believe  no  enemy  in  the  valley.     I  shall  move  up  at  once 
with  my  effective  force  to  the  road  leading  from  this  road,  westwardly 
to  Leet's  tan-yard,  where  I  had  the  first  skirmish  yesterday. 
Respectfully,  etc., 

John  Pegram, 
Brigadier  General. 

To  General  Cheatham  and  General  Armstrong. 

Continued  search  served  only  to  confirm  General  Pegram' s  opin- 
ion. Excepting  the  outposts  in  front  of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills, 
there  was  no  enemy  east  of  the  Chickamauga.  Crittenden  had 
crossed  the  river  the  day  before,  and  was  at  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills. 
While  this  search  for  the  enemy  was  going  on.  General  Bragg  ar- 
rived on  the  ground.  General  Polk  explained  the  situation  to  him, 
and  expressed  the  belief  that  from  the  Commanding  General  down 
all  had  been  deceived.  There  had  been  no  enemy  to  the  front  of 
Rock  Spring  since  dark,  the  day  before  (the  12th).  The  reports  of 
the  immediate  and  threatening  presence  of  the  enemy  delivered  to 
General  Polk  on  his  arrival  at  Rock  Spring  the  evening  before  had 
been  founded  upon  Wilder's  fierce  and  persistent  assault  on  Pegram 
at  Leet's  tan-yard  that  afternoon,  and  upon  a  forced  reconnoissance 
7 


386  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

made  about  the  same  time  by  one  of  Wood's  brigades  from  the  direc- 
tion of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills.  By  noon  of  this  day  (13th),  or  soon 
after,  any  doubts  that  may  have  existed  in  the  minds  of  the  Confederate 
commanders  as  to  Crittenden's  real  position  were  cleared  away.  He 
was  found  at  Gordon's  Mills  to  the  west  of  the  Chickamauga  ;  Buck- 
ner,  who,  at  General  Polk's  suggestion,  had  been  moved  up  to  support 
the  expected  attack,  was  then  near  by.  This  gave  General  Polk  a 
force  of  26,000  men  with  which  to  advance  upon  his  enemy ;  an  enemy 
but  four  miles  away,  still  isolated,  and  numbering  but  sixteen  (16,000) 
thousand.  To  complete  the  object  of  Polk's  march  to  Rock  Spring- 
it  was  necessary  for  General  Bragg  only  to  order  him  to  cross  the 
Chickamauga  and  attack  Crittenden  at  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills.  But 
General  Bragg  declined  to  order  the  movement.  The  force  to  the 
south  of  Lafayette — a  force  that  then  had  no  bearing  on  the  situation 
in  front  of  Rock  Spring,  for  it  was  hastily  retracing  its  steps  to  join 
Thomas,  then  on  the  top  and  sides  of  Lookout  Mountain  awaiting 
its  arrival — was  still  the  disturbing  element.  Polk  was  therefore 
ordered  to  hold  his  position  at  Rock  Spring,  Buckner  was  ordered 
back  to  Lafayette,  and  the  Commanding  General  departed  for  the 
same  place  later  that  afternoon.  Thus  ended  General  Bragg' s  sole 
effort  to  attack  and  destroy  Crittenden's  corps. 

That  the  effort  was  a  failure  every  man  in  that  army  knew,  but  who 
was  to  blame?  At  the  interview  at  Rock  Spring,  General  Bragg, 
though  expressing  great  disappointment,  had  not  a  word  of  censure 
to  offer.  Later,  reports  began  to  circulate  through  the  army  that  he 
blamed  General  Polk,  and  when  his  official  report  appeared  there  was 
no  longer  a  doubt  as  to  his  position.  He  threw  the  blame  on  Polk. 
It  was  never  communicated  to  General  Polk  officially,  and  the  report 
he  never  saw. 

General  Martin,  in  common  with  General  Bragg' s  friends,  accepts 
General  Bragg's  version,  and  in  more  than  one  history  of  this  cam- 
paign, notably  "Cists'  Army  of  the  Cumberland,"  a  like  view  is  ex- 
pressed. 

We  have  endeavored  to  meet  the  issue  with  all  candor,  but  our 
story  is  not  complete  till  we  offer  side  by  side  the  account  of  General 
Bragg  and  that  of  General  Crittenden. 

We  give  all  in  the  reports  that  relates  to  the  movement  of  the  two 
forces  during  the  period  that  covers  General  Polk's  responsibility;  we 
ask  the  reader  carefully  to  compare  the  extracts  with  what  we  have 
written  and  at  the  risk  of  repetition  we  beg  to  restate  General  Polk's 
orders.     They  were  to  take  position  at  Rock  Spring  on  the  night  of 


General  Bragg  and  the  Chickamauga  Campaign.         387 

the  1 2th  and  to  attack  on  the  Peavine  Church  on  Greysville  road  on 
the  morning  of  the  13th.  He  had  no  orders  to  find  and  attack  Crit- 
tenden on  the  I2th,  nor,  when  found  at  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills  on 
the  13th,  was  he  ordered  to  cross  the  Chickamauga  and  attack  him 
there. 


EXTRACT  FROM  GENERAL  BRAGG  S 
REPORT. 

Our  movement  having  thus  failed 
in  its  justly  anticipated  results,  it  was 
determined  to  turn  upon  the  Third 
corps  of  the  enemy,  approaching  us 
from  the  direction  of  Chattanooga. 
The  forces  were  accordingly  with- 
drawn to  Lafayette,  and  Polk's  and 
Walker's  corps  were  moved  imme- 
diately in  the  direction  of  Lee  and 
Gordon's  Mills.  The  one  corps  of 
the  enemy  in  this  direction  was 
known  to  be  divided — one  division 
having  been  sent  to  Ringgold.  Upon 
learning  the  dispositions  of  the  enemy 
from  our  cavalry  commander  in  that 
direction  on  the  afternoon  of  the 
twelfth,  Lieutenant-General  Polk, 
commanding  the  advance  forces, 
was  directed  in  the  following  note : 

Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 
Lafayette,  Ga.,6  P.  M.,Sept.  12. 
Lieutenant  General  Polk  : 

General, — I  enclose  you  a  dispatch 
from  General  Pegram.  This  presents 
you  a  fine  opportunity  of  striking 
Crittenden  in  detail,  and  I  hope  you 
will  avail  yourself  of  it  at  daylight 
to-morrow.  This  division  crushed, 
and  the  others  are  yours.  We  can 
then  turn  on  the  force  in  the  cove. 
Wheeler's  cavalry  will  move  on  Wil- 
der so  as  to  cover  your  right.  I  shall 
be  delighted  to  hear  of  your  success. 
Very  truly  yours, 

Bra.xton  Bragg. 

To  attack  at  daylight  on  the  13th. 
Upon  further  information,  the  order 
was  renewed  in  two  notes,  at  later 
hours  of  the  same  day,  as  follows: 


extract  from  general  critten. 
den's  report. 
September  11,  at  i  A.  M. — The 
General  commanding  feeling  uncer- 
tain about  the  position  and  strength 
of  the  enemy  in  our  front,  ordered 
me  to  proceed  to  the  front  at  once- 
Was  misled  by  the  guide  and  did  not 
reach  my  command  until  si.x  A.  M. ; 
and  two  of  my  orderlies  on  duty  with 
Captain  McCook  in  search  of  me, 
thinking  I  had  taken  the  wrong  road, 
were  captured,  he  narrowly  escap- 
ing. Early  in  the  morning.  Colonel 
Harker,  with  his  brigade,  was  moved 
back  to  Rossville,  and  by  night  made 
a  reconnoissance  up  the  Rossville 
road,  as  far  as  Gordon's  Mills,  driv- 
ing squads  of  the  enemy  before  him. 
At  half-past  two  P.  M.,  gave  General 
Wood  his  orders  through  one  of  my 
staff,  who  received  them  in  person 
from  Department  Headquarters  to 
move  his  other  brigade  at  once  to 
Gordon's  Mills  to  support  Colonel 
Harker,  and  at  hve  P.  M.  my  staff  of- 
ficer reported  to  me  at  Rmggold. 
My  entire  Second  and  Third  divisions 
were  then  at  Ringgold.  General 
Hazen,  with  his  brigade,  having 
crossed  the  river  yesterday,  rejoined 
his  division  (Palmer's)  to-day.  Col- 
onel Deck,  with  Second  brigade, 
Van  Cleve's  division,  (left  at  McMinn- 
ville  to  guard  stores,)  rejoined  his 
command  on  the  ninth.  Your  in- 
structions received  at  this  time,  and 
dated  a  quarter-past  nine  A.  M  ,  were 
to  move  with  the  balance  of  my  corps 
on  the  Chickamauga  and  Pea  Vine 
Valley    roads,  keeping  in    view   two 


388 


Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


Headquarters  Army  Tennessee, 
Lafayette,  Ga.,  6  P.  M.,  Sept.  12, 
1863. 
Lieutenant-  General  Polk,  Comtnand- 
itig  Corps: 

General, — I  enclose  you  a  dis- 
patch marked  "A,"  and  I  now  give 
you  the  orders  of  the  commanding 
General,  viz:  to  attack  at  day-dawn 
to-morrow  the  infantry  column  re- 
ported in  said  dispatch,  at  three 
quarters  of  a  mile  beyond  Peavine 
Church,  on  the  road  to  GraysviUe 
from  Lafayette. 

I  am.  General,  etc., 
George  W.  Brent, 
Assistant  Adjutant-General. 

Headquarters   Army  Tennessee, 

Lafayette,  Ga.,  Sept.  12,  1863. 
Lieut- General     Polk,    Commanding 
Corps  : 

General. — The  enemy  is  approach- 
ing from  the  South,  and  it  is  highly 
important  that  your  attack  in  the 
morning  should  be  quick  and  de- 
cided. Let  no  time  be  lost. 
I  am,  General,  etc., 

George  W.  Brent, 
Assistant  Adjutant-General. 

At  eleven  P.  M.,  a  dispatch  was  re- 
ceived from  the  General  stating  that 
he  had  taken  a  strong  position  for  de 
fence,  and  requesting  that  he  should  be 
heavily  reinforced.  He  was  promptly 
ordered  not  to  defer  his  attack,  his 
force  being  already  numerically  su- 
perior to  the  enemy,  and  was  re- 
minded that  his  success  depended 
upon  the  promptness  and  rapidity  of 
his  movements,  He  was  further  in- 
formed that  Buckner's  corps  would 
be  moved  within  supporting  distance 
the  next  morning. 

Early  on  the  thirteenth  I  proceeded 
to  the  front,  ahead  of  Buckner's  com- 
mand, to  find  that  no  advance  had 
been  made  on  the  enemy,  and  that 


objects :  First  to  support  General 
Thomas,  in  case  the  enemy  is  in  force 
in  the  vicinity  of  Lafayette;  or  sec- 
ond, to  move  eastward  and  south- 
ward toward  Rome,  in  case  he  has  con- 
tinued his  retreat.  Other  verbal  in- 
structions received  by  my  staff-officer 
urged  upon  me  the  importance  of 
keeping  my  separate  divisions  in  sup- 
porting distance  of  one  another.  At 
half-past  eight  A.  M.  I  received  your 
dispatch  of  half-past  three  P.  M.,  in- 
forming me  that  the  enemy  was  in 
heavy  force  in  the  valley  of  Chat- 
tanooga, and  instructing  me  to  move 
my  whole  force  across  by  the  most 
available  route,  and  as  quickly  as 
possible,  to  the  Ro.ssville  and  La" 
fayette  road,  to  some  defensible  point 
between  Gordon's  Mills  and  Shield's 
House,  and  to  close  Wood  up  with 
me  or  myself  to  him.  I  at  once 
called  my  general  officers  together, 
and  after  a  long  consultation  and 
diligent  inquiry  of  citizens  as  to  the 
nature  of  the  roads  and  country,  gave 
orders  to  move  the  command  in  the 
direction  ordered  at  five  in  the  morn- 
ing. 

September  12. 
Sent  word  early  this  morning  to 
Colonel  Wilder,  who  was  in  the  ad- 
vance and  near  Tunnel  Hill,  to  return 
to  Ringgold  with  his  command,  and 
to  follow  on  my  line  of  march,  cover- 
ing my  left  flank.  He  moved 
promptly  and  met  me  at  Ringgold, 
and  reported  that  the  enemy  was  in 
force  in  his  front  last  night,  and  that 
he  learned  from  deserters  that  For- 
rest was  to  leave  to-day  to  flank  and 
cut  off  this  command,  and  Wharton 
in  an  opposite  direction  to  the 
same  purpose.  General  Van  Cleve 
with  the  train,  moved  to  Peeler's  and 
met  no  enemy ;  General  Palmer  to 
Gilbert's,  where  he  met  some  squads 
of  the  enemy,   and   skirmished   with 


General  Bragg  and  the  Chickamauga  Campaign.        389 


his  forces  had  formed  a  junction  and 
recrossed  the  Chicamauga.  Again 
disappointed,  immediate  measures 
were  taken  to  place  our  trains  and 
limited  supplies  in  safe  positions, 
when  all  our  forces  were  concentrated 
along  the  Chickamauga,  threatening 
the  enemy  in  front. 


him.  After  opening  communication 
with  General  Van  Cleve  and  General 
Wood,  moved  the  whole  command  to 
Gordon's  Mills,  Colonel  Wilder  also 
coming  m  after  night,  having  had  a 
severe  skirmish  during  the  day  near 
Leet'stan  yard,  and  losing  thirty  men 
killed  and  wounded. 

September  13. 

In  the  morning,  the  Fourth  United 
States  cavalry,  six  hundred  and  fifty 
strong,  reported  to  me  for  duty.  The 
three  divisions  were  put  into  position 
for  defence. 

General  Croft  and  Colonel  Wilder 
sent  out  to  reconnoitre  on  the  left, 
the  Fourth  cavalry  on  the  right,  to 
McLeMore's  Cove,  and  General  Van 
Cleve  to  the  front  and  centre  on  La- 
fayette road.  The  latter  only  found 
the  enemy  (cavalry  with  artillery), 
who  retired  skirmishing  a  distance  of 
three  miles,  when  the  brigade  was 
halted,  and  soon  after  returned  to 
camp. 


From  this  it  is  plain  that  when  General  Bragg,  at  6  o'  clock,  September 
I2th,  w^as  writing  his  order  to  Polk  to  attack  Crittenden  on  the  east 
of  the  Chickamauga  on  the  Greysville  road,  Crittenden  was  west  of 
the  Chickamauga,  at  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mills,  and  it  is  also  evident 
that  the  General  commanding  the  Confederate  army,  ordered  his  sub- 
ordinate to  make  an  attack  in  a  direction  in  which  there  was  no 
enemy,  and  then  held  him  responsible  and  even  blamed  him  for  fail- 
ing to  find  and  engage  an  enemy  in  a  position  to  which  he  had  been 
ordered  and  in  which  there  was  none. 

The  questions  suggested  by  this  study  are:  when  General  Bragg 
saw  that  he  had  failed  to  strike  Thomas,  why  did  he  turn  on  McCook, 
miles  away  to  the  south,  and  neglect  Crittenden,  who  lay  close  by  and 
in  his  power  ?  when  he  did  turn  on  Crittenden,  why  did  he  send  Polk 
to  attack  him  to  the  east  of  the  Chickamauga,  when  he  lay  to  the 
west?     Why  did  he  not  attack  on  the  13th,  14th  and  15th  ? 

This,  Mr.  Editor,  is  my  version  of  this  portion  of  the  Chickamauga 
campaign.  If  I  am  in  error  I  wish  to  be  put  right,  for  I  have  no 
desire  to  do  General  Bragg  injustice.    But  if  I  am  right,  you  and  your 


390  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

readers  must  see  that  the  statement  that  General  Polk  was  responsi- 
ble for  General  Bragg' s  failure  to  crush  Crittenden,  is  in  every  par- 
ticular incorrect. 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law. 
ADVANCE  INTO   KENTUCKY. 

August  ij,  1862. — General  Preston  Smith's  brigade  left  Knoxville 
at  5  o'clock  this  morning.  We  marched  thirteen  miles  and  halted 
for  the  night  at  2  o'clock  P.  M.  We  rested  about  one  hour  during 
the  march.  The  heat  was  intense  and  the  dust  almost  suffocating. 
Harry  Cowperthwaite,  of  the  Maynards,  was  overcome  by  the  intense 
heat  and  fainted  under  the  scorching  rays  of  the  noonday  sun.  My 
knapsack  was  a  heavy  burden,  but  the  anticipation  of  clean  clothes 
helped  me  to  endure  the  extra  weight.  Many  of  the  boys  left  their 
knapsacks  at  Knoxville  and  will  probably  never  see  them  again. 
The  baggage  of  the  officers  is  limited  and  my  chess-board  was  left 
behind  in  Major  Dawson's  box.  General  Preston  Smith  has  ordered 
brigade  guard  to-night  and  I  am  the  unfortunate  individual  that  rep- 
resents the  "  Maynard  Rifles"  in  that  grand  farce.  But  the  drum 
beats  and  the  guard  must  obey. 

August  14. — Another  day  of  intense  suffering.  Marched  thirteen 
miles.  Left  camp  at  3  o'clock  this  morning  and  crossed  Clinch  river 
at  Clinton  at  8  o'clock.  The  country  through  which  we  have  passed 
to-day  is  thoroughly  Union  in  sentiment,  it  being  a  rare  exception  to 
meet  a  good  Southern  man.  The  inhabitants  are  very  poor  and 
illiterate  and  it  is  not  surprising  that  they  have  imbibed  the  principles 
of  that  precious  pair  of  traitors,  Andy  Johnson  and  Horace  May- 
nard. 

August  75. — The  troops  have  suffered  terribly  to-day.  A  heavy 
shower  of  rain  fell  last  night,  and  blankets  and  knapsacks  were 
thoroughly  soaked.  My  tremendous  load  worried  me  considerably 
and  it  was  hard  to  keep  up  with  the  regiment.  We  marched  through 
the  little  village  of  Jacksboro  this  morning,  where  only  two  families 
of  Southern  principles  reside.  Here  we  heard  the  first  cheer  for  Jeff. 
Davis,  and  saw  the  first  white  handkerchief  waved  since  we  left  Knox- 
ville. The  face  of  the  country  is  rugged  and  broken  and  we  fre- 
quently have  long  ridges  to  climb,  over  rough,  rocky  roads;  but 
the  water  is  excellent  and  abundant,  and  the  scenery  grand  and  beau- 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.   Law.  391 

tiful.  In  the  distance  can  be  seen  the  blue  peaks  of  the  Cumberland 
Mountains  kissing  the  skies,  while  the  intervening  valleys  are  covered 
over  with  grassy  meadows  and  ripening  grain.  We  camp  to-night 
near  the  foot  of  the  Cumberland  Mountains,  one  mile  from  Big  Creek 
Gap  and  forty  miles  from  Knoxville.  A  general  inspection  of  arms 
this  evening  causes  some  speculation  as  to  the  proximity  of  the 
enemy.  The  object  of  our  movement  is  not  known  in  the  ranks,  but 
we  know  that  we  are  moving  in  the  direction  of  the  Yankees  and  can 
conjecture  pretty  well  as  to  what  is  expected  of  us.  When  "  Reb" 
meets  "Yank  "  then  comes  the  tug  of  war.  In  the  morning  we  ex- 
pect to  pass  through  the  gap  and  may  look  out  for  some  sharp  shoot- 
ing.    I  must  pray  for  grace  to  meet  any  emergency. 

August  i6. — The  troops  have  stood  the  march  well  to-day.  We  all 
left  our  knapsacks  this  morning  so  as  to  be  unencumbered  with  bag- 
gage in  case  of  a  fight.  We  have  marched  sixteen  miles  and  are  en- 
camped a  few  miles  from  Wilson's  Gap,  which  we  will  probably  pass 
through  to-night.  The  country  through  which  we  have  marched  to- 
day is  wealthier  and  more  refined  than  any  portion  of  East  Tennes- 
see that  we  have  yet  seen,  and  the  friends  of  the  Southern  cause  in- 
crease proportionately  with  the  intelligence  and  cultivation  of  the 
people. 

Sunday,  Augiist  ij. — A  long,  long,  weary  day.  We  were  aroused 
from  our  slumbers  last  night  at  12  o'clock,  and  resuming  our  march 
crossed  the  Cumberland  Mountains  by  moonlight.  As  we  slowly 
ascended  the  mountain  with  drooping  eye-lids  and  weary  limbs,  some 
timorous  mortal  gave  the  alarm,  and  for  a  few  moments  there  was 
considerable  confusion  in  the  ranks,  but  order  was  soon  restored  and 
the  line  of  grey  moved  on  without  further  incident,  reaching  the  foot 
of  the  mountain  on  the  Kentucky  side  just  as  the  first  grey  streaks 
of  morning  appeared  in  the  East.  On  we  marched  "  o'er  hill  and 
dale"  until  8  o'clock,  when  we  rested  about  two  hours.  We  then 
fell  into  line  and  continued  our  march  all  the  live-long  day,  bivouac- 
mg  at  sunset.  Our  cavalry  had  a  skirmish  with  the  enemy  this  eve- 
ning and  brought  in  nine  live  Yankees  with  their  horses.  We  may 
have  some  fighting  to-morrow  as  the  blue-coats  have  made  their  ap- 
pearance. We  have  marched  twenty-six  miles  to-day  through  a 
wild  and  desolate  region.  The  inhabitants  of  this  mountain  wilder- 
ness are  wrapped  in  profound  ignorance.  Some  of  them  do  not 
know  in  what  year  they  live  and  are  under  the  impression  that  An- 
drew Jackson  is  President  of  the  United  States. 

Aiigusi  18. — Barboursville,  Ky.     After  marching  since  2  o'clock 


392  Southern  historical  Society  Papers. 

this  morning,  and  crossing  a  mountain  before  daylight,  we  find  our- 
selves invading  the  grand  old  Commonwealth  of  Kentucky.  We  have 
marched  twenty  miles  to-day,  and  the  troops  are  worn  out  with  the 
extraordinary  exertions  of  the  past  two  days;  but  a  detail  has  been 
ordered  for  picket  duty,  and,  alas,  for  my  hopes  of  a  good  night's 
rest — my  name  is  among  the  unfortunates.  But  we  are  in  the  face  of 
the  enemy  and  must  guard  against  a  night  surprise.  I  feel  unequal 
to  the  duty,  but  others  are  as  tired  as  I  am  and  the  wants  of  nature 
must  yield  to  the  safety  of  the  camp.  The  detail  from  our  regiment 
is  sixty  men.  We  expected  to  meet  with  some  resistance  at  this  place, 
but  the  Yankees  fled  before  our  approach,  in  great  haste,  leaving 
their  tents  standing,  several  wagons,  a  fine  ambulance  (which  they 
will  need),  cooking  utensils,  beds,  and  a  large  quantity  of  commissary 
stores,  on  which  we  regaled  ourselves  with  thanks  to  the  "blue  coats" 
for  their  hospitable  entertainment.  It  far  exceeded  our  most  sanguine 
expectations,  but  not  our  necessities,  as  some  of  the  boys  had  been 
out  of  provisions  for  two  days.  I  ate  and  gave  away  my  last  biscuit 
this  morning.  We  halted  at  12  o'clock  on  the  banks  of  the  Cumber- 
land River  for  dinner,  but  alas,  every  haversack  was  empty.  For- 
tunately there  was  a  corn-field  near  at  hand,  which  supplied  us  with 
an  ear  of  corn  each,  and  with  one  biscuit,  which  Captain  Cole  kindly 
gave  me,  I  managed  to  stop  the  clamoring  of  my  most  unreasonable 
stomach.  After  dinner  we  crossed  the  Cumberland  River  and  moving 
forward  rapidly,  occupied  this  place  without  opposition.  We  were  re- 
ceived with  no  demonstrations  of  joy  ;  on  the  contrary,  the  good  peo- 
ple look  sad  and  downcast,  and  I  feel  as  if  we  were  really  in  the  ene- 
my's country. 

August  ig. — Picket  guard  was  relieved  this  morning,  and  I  have 
spent  the  day  bathing  in  the  Cumberland  River,  walking  about  the 
town,  and  sleeping.  Had  no  dinner,  save  one  solitary  cracker  and  a 
piece  of  ham  left  from  breakfast.  We  have  captured  several  fine 
wagons  and  teams  to-day  and  some  prisoners.  It  is  the  general  im- 
pression in  camp  that  we  will  either  move  on  to  Lexington  from  here 
or  surround  Cumberland  Gap  and  compel  the  capitulation  of  the 
Federal  General  Morgan.  It  is  said  that  we  are  waiting  for  Marshall 
and  Heth. 

August  20. — Spent  the  morning  reading  Northern  papers  kindly 
left  by  the  Yankees  in  camp  for  our  entertainment.  I  fear  that  we 
have  taxed  their  hospitality  too  heavily,  as  the  commissary  stores 
have  fallen  short.  No  rations  issued,  and  we  have  subsisted  to-day 
on  green  corn  and  apples.     We  need  a  more  substantial  diet,  but  as 


Diary  of  liev.  J.   G.   Law.  393 

we  have  no  base  of  supplies  we  must  eat  what  is  set  before  us  and  ask 
no  questions.  We  have  entered  the  borders  ol  the  land  that  flows 
with  "milk  and  honey"  and  can  live  for  a  few  days  on  the  anticipa- 
tion of  the  coming  feast. 

Azigust  21. — The  One  Hundred  and  Fifty-fourth  Tennessee  regi- 
ment moved  out  five  miles  this  morning.  The  supposed  object  of 
the  expedition  is  to  drive  up  beeves,  though  some  are  of  opinion  that 
we  are  in  search  of  "  bushwackers."  The  last  supposition  seems  to 
be  the  most  probable  one  from  the  fact  that  soon  after  leaving  camp 
we  were  ordered  to  load,  and  a  company  was  thrown  forward  as 
skirmishers  and  ordered  to  scour  the  woods  and  mountain  sides.  But 
this  may  have  only  been  a  precautionary  measure.  One  of  Captain 
DeGraffenreid's  men  was  shot  in  the  arm.  At  the  report  of  the  rifle 
some  of  the  boys  took  to  the  trees  and  prepared  to  fight  bushwackers 
in  Indian  style,  but  order  was  soon  restored  and  we  moved  forward 
and  halted  for  the  night  on  the  side  of  a  mountain,  where  beef  was 
issued  and  broiled  on  sticks. 

August  22. — Returned  to  Barboursville  this  morning.  Breakfasted 
on  beef,  a  la  solitaire.  About  ii  o'clock  Colonel  Fitzgerald  halted 
the  regiment  by  the  side  of  a  cornfield  and  we  were  turned  in  to 
graze  like  a  herd  of  cattle.  We  roasted  several  ears  of  corn,  rested 
an  hour  or  so  and  then  marched  into  Barboursville  with  flying  colors. 
Another  one  of  Captain  DeGraffenreid's  men  was  shot  on  picket  last 
night.  The  result  of  our  expedition  is  two  men  wounded.  Beef  and 
bushwackers  were  scarce.  Sixty  wagon  loads  of  captured  provisions 
came  in  this  evening,  including  flour,  bacon,  coffee,  &c.  The  Yankees 
are  overwhelming  us  with  kindness,  and  their  hospitality  seems  to 
know  no  bounds.  One  day's  rations  of  flour  was  issued  to  the  hun- 
gry "  Rebs,"  and  biscuit  are  again  in  sight.  We  expect  to  march 
on  Manchester  to-morrow,  twenty-four  miles  distant. 

August  2j. — Marched  fourteen  miles  and  halted  at  sunset.  We 
have  no  base  of  supplies  and  are  dependent  upon  the  forced  hospi- 
tality of  the  Yankees  and  the  produce  of  the  country.  Ten  days' 
rations  of  salt  were  issued  before  we  left  Barboursville.  My  baggage 
consists  of  my  gun  and  accoutrements,  blanket,  canteen,  and  two 
haversacks,  one  for  salt  and  the  other  for  my  Bible,  note-book,  and 
chess-men.  There  is  a  grim  significance  in  the  ten  days'  ration  of 
salt.  It  evidently  means  that  we  are  expected  to  whip  the  Yankees 
within  that  time  and  draw  rations  from  the  Federal  Government ;  or 
it  may  be  that  we  are  expected  to  salt  the  carcases  of  those  who  lall 
in  the  wilderness  before  we  get  to  the  promised  land.     We  have  had 


394  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

a  hard  time  marching  to-day  through  a  drenching  rain  and  over 
muddy,  sHppery  roads.  The  eager  soldiers  seemed  to  take  about 
as  many  steps  backward  as  forward,  and  the  wonder  is  that  we  made 
any  progress  at  all,  but  in  the  afternoon  the  rain  ceased  to  fall,  the 
sun  broke  through  the  clouds,  and  our  struggling  column  of  grey 
moved  cheerily  forward  in  the  direction  of  the  commissary  depart- 
ment.    Coffee  and  bacon  were  issued. 

Sunday,  August  24.  — Manchester.  We  reached  this  place  about 
noon  and  captured  a  large  stock  of  crackers,  cheese,  tobacco,  candy, 
&c.,  which  had  been  left  for  our  bodily  comfort  by  the  thoughtful 
Federals.  As  we  advance  into  Kentucky  we  meet  with  more  sym- 
pathy and  the  Southern  sentiment  begins  to  be  more  strongly 
developed.  The  dreaded  bushwackers  fired  into  the  ranks  of  the  old 
One  Hundred  and  Fifty-fourth  this  morning,  but  fortunately  no  harm 
was  done,  and  we  moved  on  with  closed  ranks. 

August  25. — Left  Manchester  at  2  o'clock  P.  M.  and  marched  nine 
miles.  Bought  flour  enough  for  two  days'  rations  for  the  "  mess." 
Cheese  and  cakes  are  now  being  issued,  and  we  will  reap  some  of  the 
fruits  of  our  bloodless  victory  at  Manchester. 

August  26. — We  halt  to-night  three  miles  from  London,  and 
seventy  miles  from  Lexington.  Marched  nineteen  miles.  The  wea- 
ther is  intensely  hot,  and  the  roads  very  dusty.  We  have  now  pene- 
trated almost  into  the  heart  of  Kentucky,  and  have  met  with  no 
organized  opposition.  We  are  supported  by  the  Federal  Govern- 
ment, as  we  have  drawn  no  rations  from  the  Confederate  commissary 
since  we  entered  Kentucky.  Salt  is  plentiful,  and  the  troops  are  in 
splendid  condition. 

August  27. — We  sleep  to-night  within  three  feet  of  Rock  Castle 
river.  Left  London  early  this  morning,  and  marched  thirteen  miles. 
Halted  at  noon.  Bathed  in  the  river,  and  as  my  knapsack  had  just 
come  up,  I  rigged  out  in  clean  clothes,  a  luxury  to  which  I  have  been 
quite  a  stranger  for  some  weeks.  And  now  let  the  pestilent  "  camp 
followers  "  depart  for  a  season.  We  will  cross  the  river  in  the  morn- 
ing and  advance  on  Richmond,  where  we  will  probably  meet  the 
enemy  and  fight  for  rations.  Our  very  existence  depends  on  our 
success  in  the  approaching  struggle,  and  we  cannot  afford  to  be  de- 
feated. 

August  2g. — Rested  all  day  yesterday,  and  left  camp  at  5  o'clock 
P.  M.  Marched  fifteen  miles,  and  halted  at  midnight.  I  was  well- 
nigh  exhaused,  and  had  I  given  way  to  the  feeling  of  fatigue,  would 
have  broken  down.     Slept  soundly  until  early  this  morning,  when  we 


A  Florida  Boy's  Experience.  395 

fell  into  line  and  marched  twelve  miles.  The  cavalry  in  our  front 
had  been  fighting  all  day,  and  intelligence  has  just  been  received 
that  General  Cleburne  has  attacked  the  enemy.  We  are  holding  our- 
selves in  readiness  to  reinforce  the  gallant  Irishman.  I  feel  confident 
of  the  result  in  the  impending  battle,  and  firmly  believe  that  we  will 
be  in  Richmond  to-morrow,  living  on  the  fat  of  the  land.  But  some 
of  us  will  pay  the  price  of  victory  with  our  life's  blood.  May  God 
give  us  the  victory  and  have  mercy  upon  the  souls  that  are  about 
to  be  suddenly  ushered  into  the  presence  of  their  Maker.  The  troops 
are  in  splendid  fighting  trim,  and  victory  seems  to  be  a  foregone  con- 
clusion. But  we  must  not  be  over-confident,  but  remembering  that 
he  that  putteth  on  the  harness  should  not  boast  as  he  that  taketh  it 
off,  look  to  Divine  power  for  succor  in  the  day  of  battle. 


A  Florida  Boy's  Experience  in  Prison  and  in  Escaping. 
By  Henry  G.  Damon. 

On  the  19th  of  June,  1864,  I  became  an  inmate  of  Rock  Island 
prison,  having  been  captured  June  12th,  at  Cynthiana,  in  the  last 
battle  fought  by  Morgan  on  Kentucky  soil — a  battle  that  crowned 
with  disaster  a  raid  which,  up  to  that  time,  had  succeeded  beyond 
every  anticipation.  We  were  so  completely  outnumbered,  that  it  was 
hardly  a  battle.  The  enemy  approached  us  in  front,  and  flanked  us 
right  and  left.  In  a  few  minutes  the  fight  became  a  rout,  and  our 
men  were  flying  in  every  direction.  About  two  hundred  and  fifty 
were  captured,  a  few  of  whom  were  taken  to  Camp  Chase,  some  to 
Camp  Morton,  and  the  remainder  to  Rock  Island. 

Rock  Island  prison,  located  on  an  island  in  the  Mississippi,  be- 
tween the  towns  of  Davenport,  Iowa,  and  Rock  Island,  Illinois,  was 
perhaps  the  strongest  prison  in  the  West.  It  was  a  large,  rectangu- 
lar pen,  covering  about  twenty-five  acres,  and  containing  one  hun- 
dred and  twenty  barracks,  each  having  berths  for  one  hundred  and 
twenty  men.  A  fence  twelve  feet  high  surrounded  the  prison  yard. 
Inside  and  fifteen  feet  from  the  fence  was  a  ditch  from  three  to  ten 
feet  deep,  dug  down  to  solid  rock,  to  prevent  prisoners  from  tunnel- 
ling. The  ditch  was  the  dead  line.  We  were  commanded  not  to 
get  in  it,  or  cross  it,  on  penalty  of  being  shot.  Guards  paced  the 
fence  at  short  intervals,  and  overlooked  the  prison  yard.  For  further 
security,  the  yard  was  illuminated  every  night  by  large  kerosene 
lamps  with  reflectors,  which  were  placed  against  the  fence. 


396  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

These  precautions  made  escape  so  hazardous  that  an  attempt  was 
seldom  made,  and  very  few  of  those  who  tried  succeeded.  The 
favorite  method  for  a  time  was  tunnelHng,  but  after  the  ditch  was 
dug,  efforts  in  that  direction  ceased.  Bribery  opened  the  gates  to  a 
Jew  who  were  so  fortunate  as  to  have  money,  and  the  shrewdness  to 
use  it  rightly.  Plans  of  escape  were  continually  formed,  but  none 
would  bear  the  test  of  an  attempt,  and  so  as  day  after  day  passed  by, 
the  stern  conviction  forced  itself  upon  each  one  of  the  new  comers 
that  they  would  have  to  remain  there  until  the  war  ended — the  old 
prisoners  had  already  resigned  themselves  to  that  prospect. 

Three  months  of  prison  life  satisfied  me  that  I  could  not  stand  a 
winter  there.  I  was  only  a  boy  of  eighteen.  A  month's  sickness 
had  reduced  me  almost  to  a  skeleton.  My  weight  was  probably  not 
more  than  ninety  pounds.  There  was  no  prospect  of  gaining  strength, 
for  the  scanty  rations  barely  sustained  life  ;  did  not  for  a  moment 
satisfy  the  cravings  of  hunger  A  pone  of  bread  so  small  that  it 
could  be  squeezed  into  a  pint  cup,  and  a  piece  of  beef  three  inches 
long  and  one  inch  thick,  constituted  the  daily  ration ;  occasionally, 
but  not  oftener  than  three  times  a  week,  a  pint  of  soup  was  added. 
We  were  always  as  hungry  as  ravenous  wolves.  There  was  such  a 
craving  for  food  that  we  would  eat  the  young  hickory-nuts  growing 
in  the  yard — hull,  shell,  and  all.  After  my  recovery  from  sickness,  I 
was  hungry  every  moment  I  was  in  prison,  and  thousands  of  men 
were  there  who  had  been  in  that  condition  over  twelve  months.  It 
is  terrible  to  have  a  continual,  unappeased  craving  for  food.  No  one 
knows  what  suffering  it  is,  save  those  who  have  experienced  it. 

My  constant  thought  was  how  to  escape.  Tunneling  was  out  of 
the  question,  and  no  other  plan  seemed  feasible.  One  evening  a  few 
of  us  were  walking  in  the  prison-yard,  and  stopped  near  the  ditch, 
opposite  the  large  gate  constituting  the  main  entrance.  For  some 
reason,  which  we  never  pondered,  the  sentinels  on  that  side  of  the 
fence  were  not  so  numerous  as  elsewhere.  There  were  only  six  on 
the  whole  side — three  on  each  side  of  the  gate,  and  the  two  nearest 
the  gate  had  beats  fully  one  hundred  feet  long.  Observing  that  while 
walking  their  beats  they  at  one  time  had  their  backs  turned  to  each 
other,  with  quite  a  long  distance  between  them,  one  of  our  crowd. 
Buck  Alexander,  one  of  Morgan's  most  gallant  soldiers,  exclaimed : 
"There's  a  good  chance  to  get  to  the  fence,  and  I  believe  I  will  try 
it."  My  heart  sank  when  he  uttered  the  last  words,  for  nothing 
seemed  easier,  and  I  knew  that  not  more  than  one  could  make  the 
venture.     The  next  day  nothing  was  said  about  it.     The  day  after  I 


A  Florida  Boy's  Experience.  397 

asked  Buck  if  he  was  still  in  the  notion  of  going  to  the  fence.  He 
answered,  "  No."  I  resolved  then  to  try  it.  That  evening,  Septem- 
ber 19th,  at  dusk,  and  before  the  bugler  had  sounded  the  signal  for 
prisoners  to  retire  to  their  quarters,  a  few  friends,  with  myself, 
leisurely  sauntered  about  the  yard,  and  finally  stopped  near  the  ditch, 
opposite  the  gate.  As  soon  as  the  sentinels  opposite  had  their  backs 
turned — one  going  up,  the  other  down  the  fence — I  jumped  into  the 
ditch.  I  did  not  then  attempt  to  go  further,  but,  closely  hugging  the 
opposite  bank,  dug  holes  for  my  hands  and  feet,  so  when  the  time 
came  there  would  be  no  delay  in  getting  out.  Presently  "Annie 
Laurie"  was  whistled.  It  was  the  signal  agreed  upon.  By  it  I  knew 
that  the  sentinels  were  relatively  in  the  same  positions.  Without 
hesitating  a  moment,  I  clambered  out  of  the  ditch  and  ran  to  the 
fence.  A  friendly  wheelbarrow  was  near,  which  I  had  calculated  on 
making  use  of.  To  my  consternation,  it  was  so  low  I  could  barely 
lie  flat  under  it.  It  was  impossible  to  stay  under  it  and  work.  How- 
ever, I  placed  it  against  the  fence,  and  then  commenced  with  a  case- 
knife  to  dig.  When  the  sentinel  above  approached  (I  could  plainly 
hear  every  step),  I  crawled  under  the  wheelbarrow.  It  did  not  afford 
much  protection,  only  covering  my  body.  He  or  any  sentinel  up  or 
down  the  fence  could  easily  have  seen  me,  for  I  was  not  more  than 
fifteen  feet  from  a  lamp  that  shed  the  brightness  of  day  all  around. 

At  8  o'clock  the  bugle  warned  prisoners  to  their  barracks,  and  my 
work  had  just  fairly  begun.  The  friend  who  made  the  signal  was  to 
follow  me,  but  after  the  bugle  sounded  I  knew  there  was  no  chance 
for  him.  The  prisoners  retired  to  their  quarters,  and  soon  no  sound 
was  to  be  heard  except  the  tread  of  the  sentinels  above. 

It  did  not  take  me  long  to  dig  the  hole;  a  very  small  one  was  suf- 
ficient. In  a  few  minutes  it  was  completed,  and  I  squeezed  through. 
The  danger  outside  was  as  great  as  that  I  had  already  encoun- 
tered. True,  I  was  beneath  the  platform  on  which  the  sentinels 
walked,  but  the  guard-house  was  just  in  front;  a  large  lamp  was 
burning  near  it ;  the  fence  was  whitewashed,  and  a  soldier  was  walk- 
ing by,  not  more  than  ten  feet  away,  I  laid  still  until  he  passed,  and 
then,  as  fast  as  possible,  crawled  down  the  fence.  There  was  no  sense 
in  trying  to  creep  where  there  was  so  much  light.  Soon  I  came  to  a 
large  bush,  behind  which  I  hid.  At  9  o'clock  tattoo  was  beat.  The 
soldiers  retired  to  their  quarters ;  the  last  straggler  soon  passed  by, 
and  silence  reigned  supreme. 

The  next  difficulty  was  to  get  away  from  the  fence.  I  crawled 
further,  until  I  came  to  a  point  beneath  two  sentinels,  who  were  con- 


398  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

versing.  I  knew  they  would  not  stay  together  long.  Presently  they 
separated.  When  a  short  distance  apart,  I  stepped  out.  The  noise 
of  the  stones  crunching  under  my  feet  was  heard  by  one,  who 
stopped,  looked  at  me,  and  took  his  gun  from  his  shoulder.  My 
heart  beat  a  reveille.  It  seemed  as  if  my  hopes  were  to  be  frustrated 
in  the  very  moment  of  success.  However,  I  kept  evenly  on,  occa- 
sionally glancing  over  my  left  shoulder  at  the  sentinel.  He  seemed 
to  change  his  mind,  replaced  his  gun,  and  resumed  his  walk.  A 
half-hour's  walk  brought  me  to  the  river,  on  the  eastern  shore  of  the 
island.  Pulling  off  my  clothes  and  tying  them  in  a  bundle,  I  started 
in,  expecting  to  have  to  swim  ;  but  fortunately  the  river  was  not 
deep,  and  1  waded  across.  Having  gained  the  other  shore,  I  started 
up  the  railroad  for  Chicago.  By  morning  the  first  station,  a  distance 
of  twelve  miles,  was  reached.  I  concealed  myself  during  the  day  in 
some  high  bushes  on  the  prairie,  and  at  night  walked  into  the  sta- 
tion. A  freight  train  was  about  to  start.  As  it  moved  off  I  climbed 
up  between  two  box-cars,  and  the  next  morning  was  in  Chicago. 

Before  leaving  the  prison  a  comrade  told  me  to  go  to  Mrs.  Morris 
for  help  if  I  succeeded  in  reaching  Chicago.  The  address  he  gave 
me  was  incorrect,  but  by  the  merest  accident  I  found  her.  I  shall 
never  forget  her  kind,  sympathizing  face  as  I  told  my  tale.  A  nobler 
woman  never  lived,  and  hundreds  of  Dixie  boys  whom  she  assisted, 
and  whose  wants  she  relieved,  will  ever  hold  her  in  grateful  remem- 
brance. She  gave  me  money,  and  advised  me  to  go  to  Marshall,  111., 
where  I  would  find  Captain  Castleman,  to  whose  company  I  belonged, 
and  other  Confederate  soldiers,  most  of  whom  also  belonged  to  Mor- 
gan's command.  I  left  Chicago  that  evening,  arriving  the  next  day 
at  Marshall,  where,  to  my  surprise,  I  found,  comfortably  established 
at  the  leading  hotel,  several  of  my  comrades  from  whom  I  had  parted 
at  Cynthiana. 

I  do  not  know  whether  or  not  the  history  of  the  part  played  by 
the  Confederate  soldiers  in  Illinois  and  southern  Indiana,  in  the  sum- 
mer and  fall  of  1864,  has  ever  been  written.  Strange  as  it  may  ap- 
pear, some  of  our  men  were  to  be  found  in  several  towns,  mingling 
freely  with  the  people,  to  a  large  number  of  whom  their  purposes 
were  known.  Under  the  directions  of  Castleman  and  Hines  (the 
latter  a  member  of  Morgan's  staff),  they  were  quietly  organizing  the 
disaffected  element  into  a  force  with  which  they  expected  to  pounce 
upon  Chicago  or  Indianapolis,  or  perhaps  both,  release  the  Con- 
federate prisoners,  and  then,  joined  by  a  volunteer  force  from  Ken- 
tucky, make  such  a  demonstration  as  would  cause  Thomas  to  retreat 


A  Florida  Boys  Experience.  399 

from  Nashville.  Whether  or  not  their  plans  were  well  laid,  it  is  im- 
possible to  say.  Treachery  in  the  camp  and  the  arrest  of  Castleman 
prevented  their  trial.  His  arrest  was  a  pure  accident.  On  the  29th 
of  September,  having  to  attend  an  organization  at  Evansville,  In- 
diana, he  left  Marshal,  accompanied  by  Lieutenant  Munford,  an  offi- 
cer of  a  Tennessee  regiment,  and  myself.  At  Sullivan,  a  little  town 
on  the  Wabash,  we  saw  a  great  many  excited  people.  They  eyed 
us  suspiciously,  and  finally  arrested  us.  We  then  learned  that  a  band 
of  scoundrels  had  for  some  months  been  stealing  horses  and  com- 
mitting other  depredations  in  that  vicinity.  The  officers  of  the  law 
were  supposed  to  be  in  league  with  them.  The  citizens  finally  organ- 
ized a  vigilance  committee,  and  arrested  every  suspicious  character. 
We  happened  along,  and  they  arrested  us.  An  examination  of  Cas- 
tleman's  valise,  which  contained  some  of  his  correspondence,  soon 
convinced  them  that  we  were  more  dangerous  characters  than  horse 
thieves.  Soldiers  were  telegraphed  for,  and  that  night  found  us 
quartered  under  a  strong  guard  at  Indianapolis.  Before  we  left  Sul- 
livan, and  once  afterwards,  Castleman  could  easily  have  escaped,  but 
not  being  able  to  get  Munford  and  myself  off  with  him,  chose  to  stay 
and  share  our  confinement.  In  the  course  of  the  next  three  weeks 
the  authorities  discovered  who  Castleman  was,  and  ferreted  out  some 
of  his  projects.  He  and  Munford  were  accordingly  kept  in  close 
confinement,  and  I  being  merely  an  escaped  prisoner  and  not  of  any 
importance,  was  placed  with  the  common  herd  in  Camp  Morton. 

The  general  plan  of  camp  Morton  was  the  same  as  that  of  Rock  Is- 
land. It  was  not  neair  so  neat  however,  nor  were  the  accommodations  as 
good.  The  barracks  were  very  large,  each  bemg  made  to  contain 
five  hundred  men,  and  were  without  floors.  My  recollection  is  that 
they  had  no  doors,  but  I  am  not  certain  on  that  point.  They  were 
undoubtedly  however,  well  ventilated,  the  cracks  in  the  walls  being 
plentiful  and  conveniently  arranged  to  let  in  the  winter  blasts.  There 
were  twelve  barracks;  the  prison  being  made  to  contain  six  thousand 
men.  The  rations  were  as  scanty  as  at  Rock  Island,  and  the  prison- 
ers were  as  emaciated,  gaunt,  and  hungry  as  those  I  had  left. 

As  soon  as  I  had  become  accustomed  to  my  new  quarters,  and  had 
answered  the  many  questions  that  my  old  comrades  (for  many  of 
Morgan's  men  were  there)  propounded,  I  took  a  tour  of  observation 
for  the  purpose  of  discovering  what  vulnerable  points,  if  any,  there 
were.  The  prison  did  not  seem  to  be  so  well  guarded  as  Rock 
Island,  and  I  soon  came  to  a  spot  where  it  seemed  to  me  I  could  dig 


400  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

under.     I   communicated   my  hopes  to  one  of  my  messmates,  Dave 

,  I  forget  his  last  name,  but  he  was  a  gallant  boy,  and  the  first 

dark  night  we  made  the  attempt.  It  was  unsuccessful.  We  were 
caught,  our  hands  tied  behind  us,  the  rope  attached  to  a  lamp  post, 
so  the  sentinel  on  the  fence  in  the  rear  cduld  have  us  in  full  view,  and 
we  were  ordered  to  mark  time.  It  was  9  o'clock  when  our  monoto- 
nous tramp  began.  We  heard  the  sentinels  call  every  hour  that  night, 
and  when  the  sun  rose,  we  were  still  at  our  unceasing  task.  At  nine 
in  the  morning,  the  adjutant  of  the  prison  guard,  Davidson,  a  man 
whose  memory  will  be  held  infamous  by  every  prisoner  whose  mis- 
fortune it  was  to  be  confined  in  Camp  Morton,  came  out  to  amuse 
himself  by  taunting  us  and  making  sport  of  our  misery.  This  odious, 
despicable  wretch  was  of  the  sort  that  power  developes  into  Neros 
and  Caligulas.  He  loved  cruelty  for  its  own  sake.  The  moaning  of 
a  tortured  victim  was  music  to  his  ear.  For  the  slightest  offence  he 
had  prisoners  tied  up  by  the  thumbs  (one  poor  fellow  was  tied  eleven 
hours,  and  not  cut  down  until  he  fainted).  I  was  told  that  the  preced- 
ing winter,  when  half-frozen  prisoners  sometimes  huddled  together 
for  increased  warmth,  he  would  rush  upon  the  crowd,  with  some  of 
his  guard,  and  beat  them  with  clubs,  pretending  to  believe  that  they 
were  plotting  to  escape.  Many  bruised  and  broken  limbs  testified  to 
these  outrages. 

At  12  o'clock,  after  fifteen  hours  of  punishment,  he  untied  us.  We 
were  ready  to  drop  from  exhaustion.  I  could  hardly  bring  my  arms 
back  to  their  natural  position,  they  were  so  numb  and  swollen. 
Marking  time  was  a  terrible  punishment,  but  it  was  nothing  com- 
pared to  the  excruciating  agony  caused  by  having  our  hands  tied  so 
long  behind  us.  My  comrade  was  sent  back  to  his  quarters, 
but  I  was  carried  to  a  guard-house  outside,  and  the  corporal  in 
charge  instructed  to  keep  me  in  solitary  confinement  and  feed  me  on 
bread  and  water.  Being  a  humane  man,  he  disobeyed  instructions, 
and  my  fare  was  better  than  at  any  time  during  my  stay  in  prison. 

Thursday,  two  weeks  afterward,  Davidson  came  and  marched  me 
back  to  the  prison-yard,  remarking  as  he  parted  from  me  at  the  gate, 
"I  don't  think  you  will  try  to  escape  again,  if  you  do,  look  out!" 
The  next  Monday  evening  (November  14th),  as  I  was  sitting  in  my 
bunk,  getting  ready  for  bed,  one  of  the  men  came  in  and  said:  "  Da- 
mon, I  just  saw  a  crowd  with  ladders  going  across  the  yard  towards 
No.  4,  I  reckon  they  are  going  to  make  a  charge."  Instantly  I 
jumped  to  the  ground,  and  calling  out,  "  Come  on,  boys,"  started  to 


A  Florida  Boy's  Experience.  401 

the  door.  I  stopped  when  I  ^oX.  there,  and  turned  around.  Not  a 
man  had  stirred.  "Are  you  not  coming?"  said  I.  Someone  an- 
swered: "  No  use!  It's  been  tried  before!  You  will  all  get  killed." 
There  was  no  time  to  waste  in  trying  to  persuade  them.  I  turned 
and  ran  towards  No.  4. 

No.  4  was  a  large  barrack  on  the  north  side  of  the  prison,  about 
ten  feet  from  the  ditch.  The  crowd,  as  if  to  nerve  themselves  for 
their  desperate  effort,  had  made  a  temporary  halt  behind  it.  There 
seemed  to  be  about  sixty  men.  A  few  in  front,  with  ladders  in  their 
hands,  were  crying  out,  "Come  on,  boys!"  but  holding  back,  whilst 
those  behind,  in  most  determined  tones,  yelled,  "Go  ahead,  boys!" 
It  was  natural  for  the  front  rank  to  hesitate.  They  were  to  catch  the 
fire,  and  it  seemed  certain  death  to  the  foremost.  All  this  I  took  in 
before  I  got  there.  I  said  to  myself,  "  They  only  want  some  one  to 
lead  them,  and  I  will  do  it."  That  honor,  however,  was  not  reserved 
for  me.  I  was  within  ten  steps  of  the  front,  when  the  whole  crowd, 
as  if  actuated  by  one  impulse,  rushed  forward.  Into  the  ditch  we 
went,  regardless  of  the  volley  fired  at  us,  and  up  on  the  other  side. 
There,  planting  our  ladders  against  the  fence,  we  almost  flew  over. 
After  firing  one  volley,  which  seemed  to  miss  us  all,  as  no  one  fell, 
the  guard  scattered.  When  the  foremost  man  reached  the  top 
only  one  sentinel  was  left,  and  he  appeared  to  be  too  frightened  to 
run.     The  whole  prisonful  could  have  gone  out  at  that  gap. 

Outside  we  all  scattered.  A  corn-field  was  to  be  traversed,  and 
beyond  that  was  timber.  On  reaching  it  I  turned  obliquely  to  the 
left,  ran  in  that  direction  a  few  minutes,  then  made  another  left  turn, 
and  soon  came  to  a  road  some  distance  west  from  the  prison.  Fol- 
lowing this,  a  few  minutes's  walk  carried  me  into  Indianapolis,  and 
then  I  felt  safe.  I  was  now  south  of  the  prison.  The  pursuit  would 
naturally  be  on  the  north  side.  I  had  no  fear  of  being  arrested.  I 
wore  a  nice  citizen's  suit  generously  given  me  by  a  comrade  in  Mar- 
shal!. Moreover,  I  was  small  for  my  age,  and  could  easily  have 
passed  for  a  boy  of  fifteen.  No  one  would  have  suspected  me  of 
being  an  escaped  prisoner. 

All  that  night  and  the  next  day  I  walked  on  the  railroad  leading 
to  Terre  Haute.  My  destination  was  Marshall,  111.,  ninety  miles  west 
from  Indianapolis,  where  I  arrived  Thursday  night.  The  Confede- 
rate boys  were  all  gone.  A  traitor  had  betrayed  their  councils. 
Some  had  been  arrested  ;  the  rest  were  scattered.  A  kind  family  of 
Southern  sympathizers  kept  me  with  them  two  weeks,  and  then  gave 
me  money  to  carry  me  to  Boone  county,  Ky.  There  I  found  a 
8 


402  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

squad,  who,  under  Captain  Wainwright,  one  of  Duke's  recruiting 
officers,  were  about  to  start  for  West  Virginia.  I  joined  them. 
Christmas  week  we  crossed  the  Hne,  and  early  in  January  I  was  with 

my  brigade. 

Henry  G.  Damon. 
Corsicana,  Texas. 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard. 

By  Coi,ONEL  Alfred  Roman. 

A  Revieiv  by  Judge  Charles  Gayarre. 

Paper  No.   i. 

When  the  Confederacy  of  the  United  States  of  America,  formed  in 
1787,  was  disrupted,  in  1861,  by  the  "Secession"  of  their  Southern 
associates,  and  when  an  armed  conflict  between  the  two  dissevered 
factions  was  anticipated,  when  these  apprehensions  were  confirmed 
by  the  attack  of  the  Southern  Confederacy  on  Fort  Sumter  in  the 
harbor  of  Charleston,  it  was  evident  to  the  most  superficial  observer 
that  the  contest,  if  earnestly  entered  into,  and  if  prolonged  to  a  con- 
siderable extent,  would  be  very  unequal  between  the  parties.  On 
one  side — that  of  the  Northern  and  Western  States — there  remained 
in  all  its  strength  a  well-organized  government  with  immense  re- 
sources and  with  wheels  accustomed  to  their  functions— a  regular 
army,  a  regular  navy,  manufactures  of  all  sorts,  accumulated  wealth, 
a  compact  population,  an  unlimited  credit,  a  commercial  power  felt 
and  extended  all  over  the  world,  andj  besides,  an  able  and  indefatiga- 
ble press,  which,  with  its  thousand  organs,  could  create,  manipulate 
and  utilize  a  public  opinion  in  all  those  mighty  seats  of  civilization 
whose  influence,  sympathy  and  tacit  or  expressed  approbation  or 
blame  are  not  to  be  disdained.  It  was  a  self-sufficient  being  who 
could  exist  per  se. 

On  the  other  side — that  of  the  Southern  States — the  seceding  ones, 
suddenly  coagulating  into  an  embryo  government,  there  were  none 
of  the  resources  which  we  have  mentioned.  The  population  was 
much  inferior  in  number,  purely  agricultural,  scattered  over  a  vast 
territory,  with  no  capital,  no  manufactures,  no  ships,  no  materials 
whatever  of  war,  and  no  production  even  of  those  simple  and  com- 
mon implements  with  which  it  followed,  with  an  unchangeable  ten- 
acity of  habit,  its  few  industrial  pursuits,  among  which,  first  in  rank  as 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  403 

to  its  importance,  was  the  ploughing  by  the  farmers  of  their  rich  soil, 
whose  chief  staple  was  cotton,  which  they  exchanged  annually  for  the 
satisfaction  of  all  their  wants.  Clearly,  such  a  being,  socially  and 
politically,  was  not  self-sufficient,  self-sustaining,  not  durably  knit  to- 
gether, not  prepared  to  assume,  at  once  and  by  spontaneous  growth, 
the  strong-limbed  independence  of  a  powerful  autonomy.  It  could 
exist  per  alterum,  but  not  per  se. 

A  modern  Homer,  in  the  first  page  of  his  epopee,  on  the  Fall  and 
Rise  of  our  Confederacy,  might  say  in  the  mythological  style  of  his 
great  predecessor,  that  if  Minerva,  with  wisdom,  courage,  justice  and 
right,  was  on  the  side  of  the  Southern  champion,  yet  it  was  Minerva, 
not  only  without  any  armor,  but  even  without  necessary  garments  to 
protect  her  against  the  inclemencies  of  the  weather ;  whilst  on  the 
other  side,  there  stood  Mars  in  full  panoply,  Ceres  with  her  inex- 
haustible cornucopia,  Jupiter  with  his  thunderbolts,  Neptune  with  his 
trident.  Mercury  with  his  winged  feet  and  his  emblematic  rod,  Plutus 
with  his  hounds,  Vulcan  with  his  forge  and  hammer.  Such  a  dispro- 
portionate conflct  could  not  be  supposed  to  continue  long  even  among 
the  immortals,  and  much  less  among  the  sons  of  the  earth.  It  could 
end  but  in  one  way,  unless  it  should  please  omnipotent  fate,  as  it  does 
on  very  rare  occasions,  to  protect  the  weak  against  the  strong. 

It  is  not,  therefore,  astonishing  that  the  Northern  giant,  measuring 
his  strength  with  that  of  his  antagonist,  should  have  come  at  once  to 
the  conclusion  that  the  conflict  would  be  ephemeral — its  duration 
ninety  days  at  the  furthest.  One  single  blow  from  his  powerful  and 
irresistible  arm  was  all  that  was  necessary.  His  confidence  seemed  to 
be  well  founded,  for  there  was  but  one  chance  in  favor  of  little  David, 
which  was,  that  standing  at  a  safe  distance,  he  should  send  from  his 
sling,  by  skill  or  luck,  a  crushing  stone  to  Goliath's  forehead. 

It  is  remarkable  that  the  South  also  entertained  the  opinion  that 
the  conflict  could  not  be  ot  long  duration.  At  least,  a  great  majority 
of  her  people  was  under  that  illusion,  which  originated  in  the  con- 
viction, that,  although  the  North  possessed  so  many  elements  of  force 
and  prosperity,  yet  those  elements  had  been  extracted  from  the  cot- 
ton-producing fields  of  the  South.  That  cotton  had  only  to  be  with- 
held, and  there  would  be  an  immediate  collapse  north  of  Mason  and 
Dixon's  line.  Then,  the  Northern  Colossus  would  become  so  weak 
and  so  alarmed,  that  he  would  seek  for  the  restoration  of  what  was 
his  life-blood,  on  any  condition  which  might  be  proposed  to  his 
acceptance. 

The  respective  governments  of  the  two  sections  of  a  former  unit 


404  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

seemed  to  have  agreed,  at  least  on  one  point,  if  they  differed  on 
every  other.  It  was  the  probable  shortness  of  the  conflict  into  which 
they  were  driven.  But  General  Beauregard,  says  Colonel  Roman,  in 
his  book,  "  believed  and  expressed  the  opinion,  at  the  time,  that  we 
were  engaged  in  a  long  and  terrible  war,  and  he  earnestly  wished  the 
country  prepared  accordingly."  Thus  it  is  apparant  that,  on  the  very 
threshold  of  the  mighty  struggle  impending  on  us,  there  began  to  be 
a  marked  difference  of  opinions  between  the  General  and  the  new  gov- 
ernment to  which  he  had  pledged  his  allegiance.  To  this  source,  to 
this  incipient  divergence  of  views,  may  be  traced  subsequent  disagree- 
ments as  to  the  hastening  of  preparations  and  the  unrelaxing  vigor 
to  be  introduced  and  kept  up  in  all  our  military  operations,  under  a 
watchful  and  energetic  supervision  of  the  executive  cabinet  at  the  seat 
of  government.  General  Beauregard  was  all  fire  and  action,  and  full 
of  that  horribilis  dili^entia  of  which  Cicero  speaks  as  being  the  cha- 
racteristic of  the  men  destined  by  Providence  to  be  the  instruments  of 
revolutions  and  changes  by  which  nations  are  made  or  unmade. 

The  Government,  on  the  other  hand,  may  have  thought  proper  to 
act  with  a  prudence  which  was  mistaken  for  hesitation  and  careless 
improvidence.  It  was  Fabius-like,  expectant  and  on  the  defensive. 
"The  erring  sisters  might  be  allowed  to  go  in  peace."  The  sword, 
which  was  but  half  drawn,  might  yet  be  pushed  back  to  its  scabbard. 
There  might  be  a  timely  accommodation  between  the  contending 
parties.  There  might  be  guarentees  given;  it  might  be  possible  to 
avoid  the  shedding  of  blood,  to  avoid  an  immense  sacrifice  of  wealth, 
and  perhaps  subjugation,  with  its  concomitant  horrors  and  complete 
ruin.  Meanwhile  it  should  have  been  kept  in  mind  that  a 
nation,  far  better  prepared  for  war  than  were  the  Confederate 
States,  would  be  threatened  with  atrophy,  if  all  her  ports  were 
securely  blockaded.  It  would  be  merely  a  question  of  time.  That 
nation  would  be  like  an  army  cooped  up  in  a  city  with  no  com- 
munication with  the  outer  world.  Should  no  relief  come,  surrender 
would  gradually  become  a  matter  of  absolute  necessity.  For  the 
reasons  which  have  already  been  given  with  the  concision  required 
by  the  restricted  limits  of  this  article,  the  Confederate  States,  having 
to  draw  all  their  needed  and  indispensable  supplies  from  abroad,  had 
to  provide,  as  a  preliminary  step,  as  an  inexorable  condition  of  exist- 
ence, and  of  success  in  the  terrible  struggle  which  they  had  under- 
taken, for  a  free  access  to  and  a  continued  use  of  the  sea.  The  ocean 
breeze  was  the  breath  of  their  nostrils ;  without  it,  suffocation  was 
certain. 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  405 

A  consideration  of  such  vital  importance  could  not  escape  the 
attention  of  one  who,  like  General  Beauregard,  had  been  assigned  to 
so  high  a  position  in  the  defence  of  his  country.  Early  in  May, 
1861,  when  the  blast  of  the  clarion  had  hardly  sounded  defiance  to 
the  enemy,  the  General  pressed  upon  the  Government  the  adoption 
of  a  plan  which  seemed  feasible,  and  which  might  have  been  of  incal- 
culable advantage  to  the  Confederate  States.  A  fleet  of  ten  East 
India  steamers  was  offered  the  Confederate  Government,  then  at 
Montgomery,  through  Mr.  W.  L.  Trenholm,  speaking  in  the  name 
and  by  authority  of  the  house  of  John  Frazer  &  Co.,  of  Liverpool. 
His  father,  like  himself,  an  American — Hon.  George  A.  Trenholm — 
was  a  member  of  that  English  house,  and  stood  so  high  in  the  esti- 
mate of  our  Government  that  he  was  subsequendy  appointed  Secre- 
tary of  the  Treasury,  after  the  resignation  of  Mr.  Memminger.  The 
character  and  position  of  that  individual  should  have  given  great 
weight  to  that  proposition. 

Mr.  Prioleau,  one  of  that  firm,  and,  I  believe,  a  distinguished  citi- 
zen of  South  Carolina,  is  quoted  by  Colonel  Roman  as  making  the 
following  statement: 

"  I  had,  from  the  very  beginning  of  the  struggle,  been  more  im- 
pressed with  the  vital  importance  of  the  seaports  than  with  anything 
else.  I  regarded  them  as  the  lungs  of  the  country,  which,  once 
really  closed,  asphyxia  must  follow.  I  therefore  took  an  early  occa- 
sion to  go  to  London  to  see  what  could  be  had  in  the  shape  of  ves- 
sels fit  to  take  and  keep  the  sea  for  a  lengthened  period,  and  strong 
enough  to  carry  an  armament  which  would  render  them  efficient  war 
vessels,  or,  at  all  events,  apt  to  cope  with  those  of  the  enemy  engaged 
in  the  blockade  of  the  coast. 

"I  was  fortunate  in  finding  exactly  what  I  wanted.  A  fleet  of 
first-class  East-Indiamen  was  lying  there  idle,  under  circumstances  of 
a  financial  nature,  which  made  them  available  to  a  buyer  at  less  than 
half  their  cost.  They  had  been  built  with  a  view  of  being  armed  if 
required,  and  also  to  be  used  as  transports  for  troops,  as  well  as  to 
carry  valuable  cargoes  and  treasure  in  time  of  peace.  Four  of  them 
were  vessels  of  great  size  and  power,  and  of  the  very  first  class,  and 
there  were  six  others  which,  although  smaller,  were  scarcely  inferior 
for  the  required  purpose.  Having,  with  the  assistance  of  an  expert, 
thoroughly  inspected  them  all,  I  at  once  entered  into  negotiations  for 
their  purchase,  and  having  secured  them  for  the  reply  of  the  Con- 
federate authorities,  I  submitted  the  proposal,"  etc.  *  *         * 

"  The  total  cost  of  buying,  arming,  and  fitting  out  the  ten  ships  was 


406  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

estimated  at  two  millions  of  pounds,  to  put  the  fleet  on  the  coast, 
ready  for  action — a  sum  which  would  have  been  covered  by  forty 
thousand  bales  of  cotton  out  of  the  three  or  four  millions  of  bales 
which  the  Government  had  at  that  time  under  their  hand,  and  which 
would  not  have  cost  them,  at  6d.,  in  their  own  currency,  more  than 
two  millions  of  dollars.  There  would  have  been  no  difficulty  in  get- 
ting the  ships  to  sea,  *  *  *  etc. ,  and  there  is  room  for  reason- 
able doubt  that  within  six  months  at  furthest  of  the  acceptance  of 
the  offer  being  received,  the  fleet  would  have  appeared  off"  Boston 
and  swept  the  coast  thence  to  the  Gulf— an  achievement  which  would 
have  compelled  the  prompt  recognition  of  our  Government  and  the 
triumph  of  our  cause.  I  have  always  understood  that  the  propo- 
sition was  considered  and  rejected  by  the  Confederate  Government, 
but  I  never  had  any  communication  from  them  on  the  subject. 

"  This  is  a  correct  and  simple  statement  of  the  facts,  which  are,  as 
far  as  regards  this  side  of  the  water  (Belgium,  Prioleau  to  Beauregard, 
September  25,  1880),  necessarily  better  known  to  myself  than  to  any 
other  living  person,  and  concerning  which  my  memory  is  perfectly 
clear  and  reliable.  It  occupied  my  mind  almost  exclusively  for  some 
time,  and  I  built  the  highest  hope  upon  the  success  of  the  scheme. 
It  is  true  many  of  the  ships  were  of  too  great  draught  of  water  to 
enter  some  of  our  ports,  but  that  was  a  matter  of  comparatively  little 
importance.  What  was  wanted,  in  my  views,  was  the  moral  effect 
which  could  have  been  produced  everywhere  by  such  a  blow  as  could 
have  been  struck  by  even  half  of  the  whole  number — an  effect  which 
I  have  always  and  will  always  believe  would  have  gone  very  far 
towards  determining,  if  it  had  not  reversed,  the  result  of  the  struggle." 

We  learn  from  Colonel  Roman's  book  that  the  Confederate  Gov- 
ernment considered  with  no  favor  so  enticing  and  at  the  same  time, 
apparently,  at  least,  and  on  its  very  face  so  feasible  a  proposition,  and 
rejected  it  without  the  slightest  hesitation,  notwithstanding  the  most 
strenuous  efforts  on  the  part  of  General  Beauregard  to  have  it 
adopted.  Why  it  was  deemed  radically  impracticable  (for  no  other 
reason  can  be  supposed  for  the  almost  contemptuous  indifference 
with  which  it  was  treated)  we  are  not  told.  It  was,  however,  evi- 
dently of  supreme  importance.  It  will  be  an  interesting  point  to  be 
elucidated  in  the  appreciation  of  past  events,  of  still-born  measures, 
of  projected  and  unaccomplished  plans,  by  the  future  historian  of  our 
civil  war,  and  praise  or  censure  will  be  distributed  where  it  is  due, 
and  with  an  impartial  hand.  There  was,  on  this  occasion,  a  very 
striking  disagreement  in  the  views  of  General  Beauregard  and  the 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  407 

Government.  Admitting  that  there  were  sufificient  reasons,  unknown 
to  us,  for  rejecting  summarily  a  plan  apparently  so  feasible,  and 
fraught  possibly  with  such  favorable  results  for  the  Southern  Con- 
federacy, it  cannot  be  denied,  unless  some  new  light  be  thrown  on 
the  subject,  that  General  Beauregard,  for  his  views  and  pressing 
action  in  the  matter,  deserves  all  the  credit  which  Colonel  Roman 
claims  for  that  eminent  personage. 

The  experience  of  history  teaches  us  that  in  a  war  of  two  nations 
of  unequal  strength  and  resources,  the  weaker  one  can  save  herself 
only  by  being  constantly  on  the  offensive,  if  possible.  This  is  so 
demonstrable  a  fact,  that  it  might  be  taken  as  a  basis  for  a  principle 
or  rule  of  action  in  such  circumstances.  Nothing  is  more  exhaustive 
of  national  vitality  and  prosperity  than  war,  because  war  is  organized 
and  scientific  destruction.  Therefore,  between  two  belligerants,  the 
chances  of  final  triumph  are  in  favor  of  the  stronger,  and  the  ratio 
of  those  chances  is  in  proportion  to  the  duration  of  the  conflict.  It 
has  been  said  by  a  great  captain  that,  "  in  the  end,  victory  always  fa- 
vors the  big  battalions."  Several  instances,  however,  are  on  record 
where  the  weaker  in  the  field  crushed  a  much  more  powerful  enemy 
than  himself  by  a  well-concerted  multiplicity  and  rapidy  of  attacks 
and  startling  manoeuvres,  inspired  by  genius  and  executed  with  a 
boldness  that  struck  the  world  with  admiration.  To  cripple  severely 
an  adversary  at  the  onset  is  to  secure  a  strong  card  out  of  the  pack. 
A  duel  hetween  two  nations  is  like  a  duel  between  two  individuals. 
A  man  who  never  wielded  a  sword,  when  put  in  front  of  a  master  of 
the  art  of  fencing,  is  lost,  if  he  waits  for  the  deadly  thrust  of  his  ad- 
versary, who  will  strike  with  a  gladiatorial  accuracy  that  will  not  be 
parried  by  the  untrained  and  unskillful  hand  of  mere  courage.  The 
only  chance  for  his  almost  defenceless  combatant  is,  as  soon  as  steel 
touches  steel,  to  take  the  initiative,  and  by  the  precipitation  of  light- 
ning-like strokes,  aimed  at  the  breast  of  his  adversary,  to  risk  at  once 
the  possibility  of  a  lucky  hit.  It  will  be,  perhaps,  as  one  to  fifty;  but 
ofie  chance  on  the  offensive  is  better  than  7i07ie  on  the  defensive. 

Without  going  back  very  iar  into  the  annals  of  mankind,  we  will 
mention,  as  an  illustration  of  the  wise  and  recommendable  policy  of 
aggression  under  certain  circumstances,  the  seven  years'  war  of 
Prussia,  with  a  population  of  five  millions,  against  France,  Austria, 
Russia,  Saxony,  Sweden,  and  the  Germanic  Body,  with  a  population 
of  more  than  one  hundred  millions.  Frederic  never  thought  of  root- 
ing himself  in  strong  positions  to  wait  for  the  assaults  of  his  multi- 
tudinous enemies.     With  the  bound  of  a  tiger,   he  never  tailed  to 


408  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

spring  upon  the  one  that  was  nearest  to  him.  When  badly  whipped' 
he  made  no  change  in  the  system  of  war  which  he  had  conceived, 
but  only  made  it  more  effective.  It  was  the  system  of  concentration, 
to  operate  against  fractions.  He  never  was  tempted  to  disseminate 
his  forces  for  the  purpose  of  protecting  any  portion  or  the  whole  of 
his  provinces  with  the  fragments  of  a  broken  and  insufficient  shield. 
The  army,  gathered  around  his  person,  was  the  seat  of  government, 
and  that  government  became  as  nomadic  as  the  army.  The  whole  of 
Prussia  was  repeatedly  overrun  and  plundered.  Berlin  was  taken 
and  sacked  several  times.  He  made  no  attempt  to  cover  scattered 
localities  because  they  clamored  for  it,  and,  rising  above  sectional  wish 
and  interest,  he  occupied  no  point  that  was  not  of  extreme  strategic 
importance.  He  abandoned  the  limbs  and  provided  only  for  the 
safety  of  the  heart.  His  camp  was  the  heart  of  Prussia.  As  long  as 
that  heart  was  kept  pulsating,  the  blood  might  again  return  to  the 
withered  limbs.  He  allowed  whole  provinces  to  be  depopulated,  and 
any  number  of  cities  and  towns  and  villages  to  be  devastated.  It  was 
terrible,  but  it  was  comparatively  nothing  to  him,  provided,  he  had  a 
horse  to  mount,  a  crust  of  bread  to  eat.  an  army  to  command,  and 
could  keep  his  forces  concentrated  in  the  palm  of  his  heroic  hand, 
ready  to  strike  in  every  direction ;  and  after  seven  years  of  as  bloody 
a  war  as  ever  was  fought,  during  which  he  never  deviated  from  his 
system  of  concentration  and  incessant  aggression  against  his  enemies, 
whom  he  contrived  to  attack  when  isolated  and  separated  from  one 
another,  he  succeeded,  by  his  own  genius  and  by  an  unexpected  turn 
of  the  wheel  of  fortune,  in  securing  an  honorable  and  advantageous 
peace,  although  he  had  been  hopeless  during  the  whole  struggle,  and 
had  carried  poison  in  his  pocket  to  end  his  life  rather  than  be 
taken  prisoner,  so  tremendous  were  the  odds  against  this  man  of 
iron.  Thus  it  may  be  sometimes  prudent  to  be  bold,  and  safe  to  cast 
the  die  in  the  face  of  danger. 

When  Bonaparte  took  the  command  of  the  army  of  Italy,  com- 
posed, if  our  memory  is  correct,  of  thirty  thousand  men,  he  had  to 
contend  against  about  one  hundred  and  fifty  thousand  Austrians, 
divided  into  several  corps,  but  each  one  superior  in  numbers  and 
equipment  to  his  own  forces.  If  he  had  prudently  kept  on  the  de- 
fensive, to  wait  for  reinforcements  and  all  the  materials  of  war  which 
he  needed,  what  might  have  been  the  result?  Far  from  it — he  said 
to  his  troops :  "  Soldiers,  you  have  neither  shoes,  nor  food,  nor 
clothes,  and  the  Republic  cannot  relieve  you.  Hence  you  must  help 
yourselves.     Before  you  lie  the  Austrians.     In  their  camps  alone  you 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  409 

will  find  what  you  need."  Action  followed  speech,  and  his  aggres- 
sive operations  on  that  occasion,  conducted  with  electric  rapidity, 
have  remained  the  wonder  of  the  world.  He  assumed  immense 
risks,  it  is  true,  and  was  very  near  losing  the  battle  of  Marengo, 
where  victory  was  secured  to  him  by  the  unexpected  arrival  of  De- 
soix.  But  still  the  question  may  be  asked :  Would  there  not  have 
been  greater  risk  on  the  defensive  than  on  the  offensive? 

General  Andrew  Jackson,  when,  on  the  23d  of  December,  1814, 
he  marched  with  inferior  forces,  composed  of  raw  militia,  to  attack 
the  veterans  of  England,  encamped  on  a  level  plain,  six  miles  from 
New  Orleans,  and  fought  them  notwithstanding  the  darkness  of  night, 
was  intuitively  correct  in  his  bold  decision.  He  struck  the  first  blow; 
he  stunned  the  surprised  enemy ;  and  it  gave  him  time  to  retreat  and 
fortify  himself  on  the  ground  which  he  subsequently  chose.  Had  he 
remained  on  the  defensive,  instead  of  moving  resolutely,  and  almost 
rashly,  to  the  plains  of  Chalmetto,  it  is  not  impossible  that  the  result 
would  have  been  painfully  different  for  New  Orleans. 

From  the  first  to  the  last  day  of  our  civil  strife.  General  Beaure- 
gard never  ceased,  with  an  earnest  perseverance  which  showed  the 
strength  of  his  conviction,  to  recommend  to  his  Government  to  sub- 
ordinate every  other  consideration  to  the  military  policy  of  concen- 
tration and  aggression,  whilst  the  Confederate  Government  seemed 
to  have  been  bent  on  defending,  at  one  and  the  same  time,  the  whole 
area  of  our  Southern  territory,  and  particularly  Richmond,  at  all 
hazards — a  policy  which  necessitated  a  scattering  of  forces,  and, 
above  all,  the  maintenance  of  a  large  army  about  the  capital  for  its 
protection.  The  aggressive  system  was  thus  made  subordinate  to 
the  protective  and  defensive.  On  the  other  hand,  it  was  the  reverse 
that  was  invariably  advocated  in  the  plans  presented  by  General 
Beauregard.  Those  plans  appear  to  have  been  looked  upon  by  our 
Government  as  seductively  brilliant,  but  dangerously  imprudent,  for 
they  were  more  or  less  unceremoniously  rejected.  Thus,  on  this 
point,  as  on  others  that  successively  arose,  there  was  a  divergence,  a 
bifurcation  of  views  between  the  General  and  the  Executive,  or  his 
cabinet,  which  resulted,  as  shown  in  Colonel  Roman's  book,  in  a  sort 
of  permanent  antagonism,  or  at  least  uncongeniality.  It  produced 
gradually  a  reciprocal  estrangement  much  to  be  regretted. 

Without  entering  into  a  painful  examination  of  personal  feelings 
and  their  causes,  we  will  proceed  to  consider  to  some  extent  the  mili- 
tary merits  and  achievements  of  General  Beauregard  as  they  evolve 
out  of  the  pages  of  Colonel  Roman. 

"At   Manassas,"    says   Colonel    Roman,    "General    Beauregard's 


410  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

plan  of  operations,  who  commanded  at  that  locaUty,  was  based,  as 
were  all  his  military  plans,  on  the  leading  ideas  of  concentration  and 
aggression."  That  plan  was,  that  General  J.  E.  Johnston,  at  Har- 
per's Ferry,  who  was  confronting  General  Patterson,  and  that  Gene- 
ral Holmes,  who  was  confronting  nobody,  should  join  their  forces  to 
his  own  at  Manassas,  thus  making  an  effective  force  of  40,000  men. 
"  This  force,"  wrote  General  Beauregard  to  Johnston,  "  would  enable 
us  to  destroy  the  forces  of  General  Scott  and  McDowell  in  my  front ' ' 
(which,  however,  would  have  been  much  superior  in  numbers  and 
equipment  to  the  attacking  party).  "  Then  we  could  go  back 
with  as  many  men  as  necessary  to  attack  and  disperse  General  Pat- 
terson's army  before  he  could  know  positively  what  had  become  of 
you"  (Patterson  was  at  Harper's  Ferry).  "  We  would  then  proceed 
to  General  McClellan's  theatre  of  war,  and  treat  him  likewise,  after 
which  we  would  pass  over  into  Maryland,  to  operate  in  rear  of  Wash- 
ington. I  think  this  whole  campaign  could  be  completed  brilliantly 
in  from  fifteen  to  twenty  days." 

Holmes  assented  readily ;  Johnston  stated  objections.  At  Rich- 
mond, a  sort  of  council  of  war,  composed  of  the  President  and  of 
Generals  Lee  and  Cooper,  examined  the  scheme  with  much  con- 
sideration and  earnestness,  and  rejected  it,  although  it  was  pro- 
nounced to  be  "brilliant  and  exhaustive."  This  was  done  on  the 
ground  of  reasons  which  were  thought  sufficient  at  the  time,  and 
which  are  mentioned  in  Colonel  Roman's  book.  Mr.  Davis'  par- 
ticular and  personal  objection  was  in  these  words  :  "  The  plan  is  based 
on  the  improbable  and  inadmissible  supposition  that  the  enemy  was 
to  await  everywhere,  isolated  and  motionless,  until  our  forces  could 
effect  junctions  to  attack  them  in  detail." 

At  last  Johnston  was  permitted  by  the  Government  to  join  Beaure- 
gard, "  if  practicable,"  at  the  moment  when  a  battle  was  imminent  at 
Manassas.  He  arrived  at  noon  on  the  20th  of  July,  and  a  hard 
fought  battle  began  on  the  next  day,  early  in  the  morning — 30,000 
Confederates  against  50,000  Federals.  McDowell,  at  4  P.  M.,  was 
defeated,  but  he  had  very  near  been  successful.  He  had  put  us 
under  the  necessity  of  changing  twice  our  plan  of  battle ;  we  fought 
on  no  anticipated  plan  at  all  of  our  own,  and  on  the  field  which  we 
had  been  forced  to  accept.  There  was  a  "critical  moment"  when 
disaster  stared  us  in  the  face.  Our  men  seemed  to  have  accom- 
plished all  that  could  be  done  against  such  overwhelming  powers, 
but  depression,  added  to  exhaustion,  was  about  to  overthrow  their 
overtaxed  endurance. 

A  splendid  victory,  however,  was  achieved,  but  it  was  compara- 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  4 1  ] 

tively  barren.  The  victors,  it  is  asserted,  had  no  means  of  transpor- 
tation, and  hardly  any  rations  on  hand.  Therefore  the  enemy  was 
not  pursued  and  no  forward  movement  made  towards  Washington. 
Could  this  deficiency  have  been  provided  for?  If  it  could,  and  was 
not,  whose  fault  was  it  ?  We  deem  it  a  side  issue  which,  with  several 
others  arising  from  the  circumstances  of  this  battle,  cannot  be  al- 
lowed to  occupy  the  space  they  would  require  within  the  scope  of 
this  necessarily  concise  and  limited  review. 

Before  and  during  the  battle,  Johnston  was  apprehensive  of  the 
appearance  of  Patterson  on  the  field.  Hence  the  logical  inference 
that,  in  his  opinion,  there  was  nothing  in  the  way  to  arrest  and  check 
the  adversary,  to  whom  he  had  given  the  slip.  If  this  had  happened, 
it  is  probable  that  there  would  have  been  a  repetition  of  something 
like  the  Blucher  afifair  at  Waterloo.  But  here  a  question  may  pre- 
sent itself  to  the  mind  of  the  reader  of  Colonel  Roman's  book.  If, 
after  the  battle  of  Manassas,  the  combined  forces  of  Generals  John- 
ston and  Beauregard  could  not  march  immediately  and  directly  to 
Washington,  on  account  of  the  want  of  means  of  transportation, 
rations,  etc.,  and  on  account  of  other  obstacles,  could  not  a  portion  at 
least  of  the  original  plan,  conceived  by  Beauregard,  and  rejected  by 
Davis,  Lee,  and  Cooper,  have  been  executed  ?  McDowell  was 
"crushed,"  not,  it  is  true,  according  to  that  "  brilliant  and  exhaustive 
plan";  but  was  he  not  sufficiently  crushed  to  have  permitted  John- 
ston's troops,  who  had  come  in  a  few  hours  to  Manassas,  to  return 
swiftly  to  their  former  position  by  the  same  conveyances,  and,  with 
Beauregard's  supplemental  forces,  to  destroy  Patterson  and  enter 
Maryland  ?  All  that  our  army  wanted — means  of  transportation, 
abundant  subsistence,  ammunition,  and  all  sorts  of  equipment — would 
have  been  found  in  Patterson's  camp  and  in  that  well-disposed  State, 
and  perhaps  reinforcements  in  men.  Could  not,  in  that  direction, 
Washington  have  been  more  easily  reached  than  by  the  straight  and 
front  route  from  Manassas  ?  This  movement  having  not  been  exe- 
cuted by  such  men  as  Johnston  and  Beauregard,  it  must  be  supposed 
that  it  was  really  impossible. 

It  has  been  since  ascertained  that  General  Patterson  and  the  twenty 
thousand  men  under  his  command  were  in  a  state  of  utter  demoraliza- 
tion ;  that  the  term  of  enlistment  for  most  of  them  had  expired,  or 
was  near  expiring,  and  that  they  were  anxious  to  go  home.  Besides, 
General  Patterson  had  large  planting  interests  in  Louisiana.  He  was 
reported  to  be  secretly  opposed  to  the  war,  and  only  apparently  hos- 
tile to  the  South  from  the  force  of  circumstances.     Be  it  as  it  may,  a 


412  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

gentleman  whose  testimony  would  have  weight  in  any  court  of  jus- 
tice, has  assured  us  that  at  that  time  he  had  read  a  letter  from  General 
Patterson  to  General  Barrow,  a  wealthy  planter  and  slave-owner,  in 
which  Patterson  expressed  friendly  feelings,  and  informed  Barrow 
that  a  battle  was  impending  at  Manassas,  but  that  he  would  not  be 
present  and  would  take  no  share  in  it.  This  letter,  if  it  could  be  pro- 
cured, would  be  a  valuable  historical  document.  General  Barrow  is 
dead,  but  the  person  who  read  the  letter  still  lives.  This  fact,  if  sat- 
isfactorily ascertained,  would  explain  the  immobility  of  Patterson  and 
make  of  him  a  second  Grouchy.  It  results,  from  all  that  precedes, 
that  the  unpleasant  and  regrettable  friction  of  discordant  views  that 
were  entertained  by  President  Davis  and  General  Beauregard  during 
the  whole  war  is  to  be  traced  to  an  early  date — the  battle  of  Ma- 
nassas. 

The  resume  of  Colonel  Roman's  views  about  the  non-execution  of 
General  Beauregard's  plan  to  crush  successively  and  by  rapid  move- 
ments McDowell,  Patterson  and  McClellan  is,  that  it  was  because  the 
concentration  of  forces  for  which  Beauregard  had  been  clamorous, 
together  with  a  sufficient  supply  of  means  of  transportation  and  sub- 
sistence, had  not  been  sent  at  the  right  moment  of  opportune  ag- 
gression ;  that  it  came  only  when  he  had  been  compelled  to  be  on 
the  defensive,  and  if  with  the  required  troops,  not,  however,  with  the 
indispensable  means  of  subsistence  and  transportation  to  make  a  vic- 
tory complete  in  all  its  expected  consequences ;  and  that  the  absence 
of  these  means  prevented,  after  McDowell's  attack  and  defeat,  his 
being  pursued  and  the  march  of  the  Confederates  on  Washington. 
We  see  clearly  why,  under  such  circumstances,  this  could  not  be  done, 
but  without  more  light  than  we  have  on  the  subject,  we  do  not  see 
as  clearly  why  Patterson  was  not  attacked  and  the  necessities  of  our 
destitute  army  relieved  by  the  capture  of  his  camp,  which  might 
have  been  followed  by  a  march  through  Maryland  to  the  rear  of 
Washington. 

Colonel  Roman  observes:  "In  rejecting  this  plan  (the  original 
plan  of  concentration  and  of  offensive  operations  against  the  enemy) 
Mr.  Davis  left  the  Confederate  forces  to  await  everywhere,  isolated 
and  motionless,  until  the  Federal  forces  could  effect  junctions  to 
attack  them  in  detail,  and  this,  we  may  say,  was,  unhappily,  his 
military  method  throughout  the  war. ' '  Hence,  an  incessant  antag- 
onism between  the  two,  which  continued  from  the  beginning  to  the 
end  of  the  war,  and,  consequently,  fretted  both  President  Davis  and 
General  Beauregard  into  a  reciprocal  dislike  and  discontent,  that 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  413 

may  have  grown  into  something  bordering  on  restrained  animosity. 

General  Beauregard's  anxieties  had  been  great  about  the  defense 
of  New  Orleans,  and,  on  one  occasion,  he  strongly  urged  his  views 
on  the  subject,  and  endeavored  to  convince  the  President,  in  a  per- 
sonal interview,  of  the  necessity  of  constructing  floating  booms  and 
other  obstructions  between  Forts  St.  Philip  and  Jackson,  on  the 
Mississippi.  "The  President,"  says  Colonel  Roman,  "gave  but 
little  weight  to  these  suggestions. ' ' 

In  a  subsequent  interview  with  General  Lovell,  who  had  been 
appointed  to  the  command  of  New  Orleans,  "General  Beauregard," 
continues  Colonel  Roman,  "emphasized,  both  orally  and  in  writing, 
the  absolute  necessity  of  such  an  obstruction,  and  hoped  that  Gen- 
eral Lovell,  who  had  approved  of  his  system,  would  lose  no  time  in 
putting  it  into  operation."  Later  events  showed,  however,  that  the 
work  was  not  constructed  as  planned  and  advised  by  General  Beau- 
regard, both  in  his  conference  with  General  Lovell  and  in  his 
memoir  to  the  Louisiana  Military  Board. 

In  connection  with  this  subject  it  may  not  be  amiss  to  state  that 
the  whole  correspondence  of  General  Lovell,  whilst  in  command  of 
New  Orleans,  with  the  Confederate  Government  at  Richmond,  was 
communicated  to  the  writer  of  this  article  at  Camp  Moore,  on  the 
Jackson  railroad,  after  the  evacuation  of  that  city.  Governor  Moore, 
who  was  present,  referred  very  pointedly  to  a  remarkable  document 
in  his  possession,  but  which,  however,  we  did  not  have  the  oppor- 
tunity to  see.  He  said,  with  bitter  emphasis,  that  it  would  demon- 
strate the  imbecile  carelessness  of  the  Confederate  Government  about 
the  defense  of  New  Orleans.  We  felt  much  interested  and  aston- 
ished at  certain  disclosures.  General  Lovell,  who  seemed  to  be 
aggrieved  and  sore,  declared  emphatically  that  he  would  publish  in 
due  time  the  whole  correspondence,  in  order  to  vindicate  his  military 
honor  and  reputation.  Has  that  publication  taken  place?  We  be- 
lieve not.  Does  he  still  live,  and  will  he  continue  to  keep  under 
lock  and  key  these  historical  materials  ?  As  to  Governor  Moore, 
he  is  dead  ;  is  the  document  he  mentioned  still  in  existence  ? 

But  we  feel  a  sort  of  relief  in  turning  away  our  sight  from  the  field 
of  Manassas,  where,  as  we  are  told  by  Colonel  Roman,  "there  was 
not  twenty-four  hours'  food  for  the  troops  brought  together  for  that 
battle.  The  fact  is,"  he  says,  "that  some  command  was  without 
food  for  forty  hours  after  the  battle."  With  what  a  strange  com- 
missariat we  must  have  been  afflicted  ! 

The  scene  soon  shifts,  and  from  Manassas  General  Beauregard  is 


414  Southern  historical  Society  Papers. 

transferred  to  an  immediate  command,  including  forces  under  Gen- 
erals Polk  and  Hardee,  within  the  department  of  Kentucky  and 
Tennessee,  at  the  head  of  which  General  Albert  Sidney  Johnston  had 
been  placed,  with  headquarters  at  Bowling  Green.  The  whole  Con- 
federate force  in  Johnston's  department  did  not  number  more  than 
forty- five  thousand  men  of  all  arms  and  conditions,  and  badly  equip- 
ped. They  had  to  contend  against  one  hundred  and  thirty  thou- 
sand men,  with  splendid  supplies  of  every  kind. 

On  meeting  General  Johnston  at  Bowling  Green,  after  surveying 
the  field  of  operations,  General  Beauregard,  with  his  accustomed 
boldness  and  quickness  of  perception,  immediately  recommended  the 
adoption  of  his  favorite  system  of  concentration,  for  the  purpose  of 
an  offensive  action  against  the  Federals,  whose  disjointed  corps,  sepa- 
rated by  long  intervals,  might  be  attacked  and  beaten  in  detail.  He 
thought  that  too  much  dilatoriness  and  inaction,  and  too  strict  an  ad- 
herence to  the  defensive,  would  be  fatal.  General  Johnston,  although 
admitting  the  force  of  Beauregard's  observations  and  arguments,  ob- 
jected, substantially,  on  the  ground  that  the  Confederates  were  not  in 
a  condition  to  risk  too  much.  General  Beauregard  insisted  "  that 
our  success  must  lie  in  following  the  cardinal  principles  of  war — the 
swift  concentration  of  masses  against  the  enemy's  exposed  fractions — 
and  that  if  we  could  concentrate  our  forces  with  greater  rapidity,  all 
other  things  being  equal,  we  had  the  chance  in  our  favor,  and  that, 
particularly  in  war,  yiothing  venhire,  nothing  win.^''  General  John- 
ston admitted  this,  but  said  "  that  owing  to  the  great  responsibilty 
which  rested  on  him,  and  the  disaster  to  be  apprehended  to  the  Con- 
federacy should  he  meet  with  defeat,  he  must  adhere  to  his  original 
plan  of  operations  " — which  seemed  to  consist  in  a  determined  prefer- 
ence of  the  defensive  to  the  offensive  and  a  systematic  reserve  of  his 
troops  for  the  occupation  of  certain  points,  to  be  protected,  everyone 
of  them  and  at  the  same  time,  against  overwhelming  forces,  that 
would  thus  be  permitted  to  attack  at  their  own  convenience.  The 
results  were  disastrous.  Fortified  positions  were  taken  one  after  the 
other,  or  evacuated  to  avoid  the  capture  of  their  defenders.  Instead 
of  concentrating  our  troops,  they  had  been  kept  apart,  or  moving 
occasionally  on  divergent  lines,  on  which  the  fortune  of  war  refused 
to  smile. 

General  Beauregard  had  in  vain  said:  "We  must  give  up  some 
minor  points  and  concentrate  our  forces  to  save  the  most  important 
ones,  or  we  will  lose  all  of  them  in  succession."  No  oracle  ever 
spoke  a  sadder  truth.     All  the  points  were  ultimately  lost  as  pre- 


I 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  415 

dieted,  and  the  enemy  acquired  the  command  of  several  rivers,  the 
possession  of  which  it  was  of  vital  importance  for  the  Southern 
Confederacy  to  retain. 

To  face  these  disasters  and  repair  them,  if  possible.  General 
Beauregard,  then  at  Jackson,  Tennessee,  and  being  probably  allowed 
more  latitude  of  action,  proceeded  with  characteristic  vigor  and  with 
a  rapid  and  clear  conception  of  what  was  to  be  done.  He  called,  in 
February,  1862,  on  the  States  of  Mississippi,  Alabama,  Louisiana 
and  Tennessee  for  whatever  number  of  men  that  could  be  collected, 
and  advised  General  Van  Dorn  to  join  him  from  Arkansas,  with  ten 
thousand  men,  if  he  could,  crossing  the  Mississippi  via  New  Madrid 
or  Columbus.  He  thought  that,  with  forty  thousand  men,  he  could 
possibly  take  Cairo,  Paducah,  the  mouth  of  the  Tennessee,  and 
Cumberland  rivers,  and  most  probably  take  also  St.  Louis  by  the 
river.  It  was  certainly  a  brilliant  programme,  and  he  believed  it 
fully  practicable,  if  he  could  get  the  necessary  means.  But  success 
in  the  execution  of  all  these  operations  was  of  questionable  expecta- 
tion, as  it  would  have  rested  on  so  many  contingencies.  Beauregard 
was,  no  doubt,  sensible  of  it,  for  he  added  in  a  sort  of  postcript  to 
the  letter  in  which  he  communicated  his  plan  to  General  Van  Dorn  : 
"At  all  events,  we  must  do  something,  or  die  in  the  attempt;  other- 
wise all  will  be  shortly  lost. ' '  Evidently  there  was  in  him  no  masterly 
inactivity. 

On  the  same  day  he  also  telegraphed  General  Johnston,  reaffirm- 
ing the  urgency  of  assembling  all  their  forces  at  Corinth.  His  object 
was  to  be  able  to  meet  the  Federals  as  soon  as  they  should  venture 
upon  the  west  bank  of  the  Tennessee  river  and  before  they  could  be 
fully  prepared  for  our  attack. 

"The  State  troops  hastily  assembled  were,"  says  Colonel  Roman, 
"partly  equipped,  without  drill  and  badly  armed,  some  of  them  only 
with  the  discarded  flint-lock  musket  of  former  days,  and  great  diffi- 
culty was  experienced  in  procuring  the  proper  quality  of  flints.  Not 
a  third  of  the  cavalry  had  fire-arms,  and  those  who  had  were  all 
armed  with  a  medley  of  pistols,  carbines,  muskets  and  shot-guns, 
chiefly  the  latter.  Few  of  them  had  sabres.  The  personnel  of  this 
new  levy,  however,  could  not  have  been  better.  It  was  composed 
of  the  best  young  men  from  the  city  and  country,  who  had  rushed  to 
arms  at  the  call  of  their  States.  Animated  by  a  feeling  of  patriotism 
and  high  martial  spirit,  they  gave  fair  promise  of  great  efficiency,  if 
well  officered.  As  soon  as  the  regiments  arrived  at  the  rendezvous 
assigned  them,  they  were  brigaded,  equipped  for  the  field  as  well  as 


416  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

our  restricted  means  permitted,  and  owing  to  the  lack  of  time  for 
better  instruction,  were  exercised  only,  and  but  slightly,  in  company 
and  battalion  drills,  while  awaiting  orders  to  march  to  the  battle- 
field." It  was  with  such  improvised,  such  raw  and  imperfect  mate- 
rials, that  the  Southern  Confederacy  was  to  be  saved  from  destruction 
in  as  unequal  a  contest  as  can  be  imagined. 


A  Leaf  from  my  Log-Book. 
By  W.  F.  Shippey. 


The  gray  dawn  of  a  frosty  morning  in  February,  1865,  broke  upon 
a  party  of  about  one  hundred  officers  and  men  in  the  uniform  of  the 
Confederate  States  navy,  assembled  at  Drewry's  Bluff,  on  the  banks 
of  the  James  river,  Virginia.  The  morning  was  very  cold,  and  as 
the  men  were  formed  in  two  ranks  and  their  arms  and  equipments 
carefully  inspected  by  the  officers,  it  was  easy  to  see  that  stern  work 
and  great  danger  was  to  be  encountered,  by  the  unusual  attention 
given  to  this  inspection,  and  the  expression,  half  serious,  half  reck- 
less, that  characterized  the  men  who,  in  those  stirring  times,  were 
familiar  with  dangers  and  hardships.  After  some  little  delay  in  ar- 
ranging preliminaries,  the  little  command  moved  off  in  the  direction 
of  Petersburg,  then  invested  by  Grant's  army.  The  situation  at  this 
time  was  gloomy  and  the  hearts  of  the  bravest  had  begun  to  fail. 
The  enemy  was  pushing  hard,  and  our  brave  army,  reduced  by  sick- 
ness, death  and  disability,  had  diminished  to  a  mere  handful,  to  face 
the  overwhelming  numbers  of  our  well-fed,  well-clothed  and  well- 
equipped  foe.  Every  effort  had  been  made  to  compel  the  enemy  to 
fall  back,  but  without  success.  Grant's  army  then  held  the  lower 
James  river,  his  base  of  supplies  being  at  City  Point,  and  the  heavy 
Federal  monitors  lay  at  anchor  there,  protected  from  an  attack  of  our 
navy  by  obstructions  in  the  river.  Our  iron-clads  and  gunboats  inac- 
tive at  Chaffin's  Bluff;  officers  and  men  resdess  under  their  forced 
inactivity  and  eager  to  try  their  strength  against  the  enemy's  fleet  and 
share  the  laurels  being  won  by  our  more  fortunate  brother  officers 
who  were  upon  blue  water. 

If  we  could  gain  possession  of  the  river  and  hold  it  Grant  would 
be  compelled  to  fall  back,  as  City  Point  would  no  longer  furnish  him 
a  base  and  the  James  river  an  avenue  of  supplies,  and  to  effect  this 
object,  the  possession  of  the  river  at  City  Point,  it  was  decided  to 


A  Leaf  From  my  Log-Book.  417 

make  an  effort  to  blow  up  the  Federal  iron-clads,  clear  a  passage  for 
our  fleet  and  force  the  abandonment  of  City  Point,  or  compel  Grant 
to  fall  back  or  bring  his  supplies  from  Norfolk.  To  drive  him  back 
would  have  necessitated  an  army  equal  in  numbers  to  his  own  and  a 
fearful  cost  of  life. 

Under  these  conditions  Lieutenant  C.  W.  Read,  of  the  navy,  organ- 
ized an  expedition  whose  object  was  to  carry  boats,  fitted  with  torpe- 
does, on  wheels,  and,  turning  Grant's  left,  strike  boldly  across  the 
country  in  his  rear,  cross  the  Blackwater,  and  launch  our  boats  in  the 
James  above  their  anchorage  at  Hampton  Roads,  capture  some  pass- 
ing tugs,  fix  our  torpedoes  on  them,  ascend  the  river  and  strike  the 
largest  monitors  at  City  Point.  The  larger  monitors  once  destroyed, 
our  fleet  could  easily  scatter  the  wooden  gunboats,  and  the  James 
river  would  be  open  from  Richmond  to  Hampton  Roads.  The  expe- 
dition was  a  hazardous  one  from  its  incipiency,  the  enemy  having 
declared  their  determination  to  show  no  mercy  to  prisoners  taken  on 
torpedo  service.  We  had  to  operate  in  rear  of  Grant's  army— a 
handful  of  men,  with  an  army  of  one  hundred  and  fiftv  thousand  be- 
tween us  and  our  friends— and  every  man  on  the  expedition  fully 
understood  and  appreciated  the  danger  we  ran.  If  we  were  success- 
ful in  reaching  the  James  river  our  dangers  would  have  but  just  com- 
menced, as  we  would  have  to  board  and  capture  an  unsuspicious 
craft,  of  whose  fitness  for  our  purpose  we  would  have  to  judge  from 
appearances  at  long  range ;  the  capture  might  attract  attention  of  the 
men-of-war  and  make  us  the  captured  instead  of  the  captors,  or,  our 
plan  discovered,  we  would  have  a  long  way  to  retreat  in  order  to 
reach  a  place  of  safety.  Added  to  these  difiiculties,  the  weather  was 
very  cold,  the  roads  rough,  and  the  path  before  us  a  terra  mcogyiita. 
Surely  to  face  such  dangers  and  hardships,  even  though  success  did 
not  crown  our  effort,  deserves  a  mention  in  history,  and  I  am  not 
aware  that  anything  has  been  written  in  relation  to  this  expedition, 
which,  if  successful,  would  have  crowned  each  one  of  those  engaged 
in  it  with  laurels  as  undying  as  those  that  deck  the  brows  of  the  he- 
roes of  Thermopylae.  I  suppose  that  the  modesty  of  the  principal 
actor,  the  brave  Read,  forbade  his  publishing  an  account  of  the  expe- 
dition which  was,  through  the  treachery  of  one  of  our  most  trusted 
men,  a  failure ;  but  reverses  and  failures,  as  well  as  grand  successes, 
should  be  chronicled,  as  evidences  of  the  spirit  that  animated  our 
men  and  the  willingness  to  embark  in  almost  hopeless  undertakings, 
literal  forlorn  hopes,  without  the  stimulus  of  the  excitement  of  battle 
or  the  probabilities  of  a  name  on  the  roll  of  honor. 
9 


418  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

The  expedition  was  composed  of  Lieutenant  C.  W.  Read,  Lieu- 
tenant W.  H.  Wall,  Master  W.  F.  Shippey,  Passed  Midshipmen 
Scott  and  Williamson,  and  Lieutenant  of  Marine  Crenshaw,  a 
Surgeon  from  the  fleet  (whose  name,  I  regret  to  say,  I  cannot  now 
recall)  and  about  ninety  seamen  and  marines.  The  officers  and 
sailors  were  armed  with  ship's  cutlasses  and  revolvers,  and  the  marines 
with  rifles.  The  boats  were  placed  in  chocks  on  four  wagon  wheels, 
torpedoes,  poles  and  gear  inside,  and  each  drawn  by  four  mules. 
One,  Lewis,  a  volunteer  officer  of  the  Navy,  had  been  sent  ahead  to 
reconnoitre,  and  was  to  meet  us  at  the  ford  of  the  Blackwater  and 
pilot  us  to  the  James.  How  he  fulfilled  his  engagements  will  be 
shown  in  the  sequel.  This  man  Lewis  was  mate  of  an  American 
ship  lying  in  Norfolk  harbor  at  the  time  of  the  secession  of  Virginia, 
and  had  left  his  ship  to  join  the  Confederates,  had  served  faithfully 
in  the  army,  been  wounded  at  Bull  Run,  transferred  to  the  Navy 
and  commissioned  an  Acting  Lieutenant,  and  was  considered  worthy 
of  trust  and  confidence. 

Our  first  day's  march  brought  us  to  General  Anderson's  head- 
quarters, the  right  of  our  army,  where  we  encamped  that  night,  and, 
breaking  camp  early  the  following  morning,  we  struck  out  from  our 
picket  line  to  gain  the  old  Jerusalem  plank  road— our  party  being 
reinforced  by  two  young  English  gentlemen,  guests  of  General  An- 
derson, who  thought  they  would  "like  to  see  the  fun."  A  short 
distance  outside  of  our  lines  we  had  our  first  alarm,  running  up 
nearly  face  to  face  with  a  column  of  the  enemy  coming  up  to  attack 
our  troops  on  the  right.  By  a  "change  of  base"  we  managed  to 
dodge  them,  and  they  passed  on,  paying  little  heed  to  us,  who  they 
doubtless  supposed  to  be  a  picket  post,  and  soon  the  firing  in  our 
rear  told  us  that  the  "ball  had  opened."  We  passed  on  our  way, 
well  assured  that  the  fight  going  on  behind  would  serve  to  attract 
attention  from  us  and  favor  our  march.  We  knew  not  what  pro- 
portions the  battle  would  assume  or  what  would  be  the  result,  nor 
felt  we  much  uneasiness,  for  was  not  one,  Lee,  and  his  brave  boys 
in  gray  there  to  attend  to  them  ?  Of  our  two  volunteers,  I  never 
heard  more,  but  suppose  they  found  their  way  back  to  General 
Anderson's  headquarters,  as  they  were  mounted  and  had  only  to 
follow  the  retreating  cavalry  pickets. 

We  were  now  fairly  embarked  on  our  expedition,  pushing  our 
way  through  the  enemy's  country  and  separated  from  our  friends 
by  his  army. 

Our  march  was  in  three  detachments,  the  advance  under   Read 


A  Leaf  From  my  Log-Book.  419 

and  Ward,  about  one  hundred  yards  ahead  of  the  wagon  train  ; 
Crenshaw,  with  his  marines,  about  the  same  distance  in  rear  of  them, 
and  Shippey  commanding  the  center,  with  the  wagon  train.  For- 
tunately we  met  no  stragglers  or  foraging  parties  of  the  enemy,  and 
were  not  disturbed,  and  after  a  good  day's  march,  we  bivouacked  in 
good  spirits  and  very  tired.  The  following  day's  march  was  with- 
out incident  worthy  of  mention,  an  occasional  false  alarm  or  seeking 
the  cover  of  woods  to  screen  us  from  chance  observers.  Indeed,  we 
were  out  of  the  line  of  travel,  the  Federals  did  all  their  business  at 
City  Point,  and  there  was  little  more  to  attract  anyone  to  this  part  of 
the  country  than  to  the  Siberian  deserts. 

During  the  night  the  weather  turned  very  cold,  and  our  poor, 
tired  fellows  lay  close  to  the  fires.  I  have  to  laugh  yet  to  think  of 
poor  Williamson's  sky-rocket  feat.  He  was  lying  close  to  a  fire, 
and  as  I  passed  about  midnight  I  saw  that  his  coat-tail  was  on  fire, 
and  called  him  somewhat  hurriedly  from  a  sound  sleep.  He  started 
up  and  rushed  wildly  through  the  woods,  the  fiery  tail  streaming  out 
behind,  and  for  awhile  all  efforts  to  stop  him  were  futile,  but  we 
finally  succeeded  in  capturing  him,  extinguishing  the  fire  with  the 
loss  of  one  skirt  of  his  coat.  He  afterwards  cut  off  the  other  skirt 
and  made  it  more  jcnifo7'm. 

The  following  morning  we  took  up  our  march  in  the  face  of  a  storm 
of  sleet,  and  we  had  to  stop  after  a  few  hours,  the  sleet  being  so  blind- 
ing that  our  mules  could  not  make  headway,  besides  the  road  being 
frozen  and  slippery.  We  took  shelter  in  an  old  deserted  farm-house 
only  a  few  miles  from  our  rendezvous  on  the  Blackwater,  once,  doubt- 
less, the  happy  home  of  some  Southern  family,  now  changed  into 
the  rude  scenes  of  a  soldiers'  bivouac. 

While  resting  and  "thawing  out"  here  by  the  warmth  of  bright 
fires  in  big  fireplaces,  impatiently  awaiting  the  breaking  up  of  the 
storm  and  anxious  to  continue  our  journey,  a  young  man  in  gray 
uniform  came  in  and  informed  us  that  our  plan  had  been  betrayed 
and  that  Lewis  was  at  the  ford  to  meet  us,  according  to  promise,  but 
accompanied  by  a  regiment  of  Federals  lying  in  ambuscade  and 
awaiting  our  arrival,  when  they  were  to  give  us  a  warm  receiption. 
Had  it  not  been  for  the  storm  and  our  having  to  take  shelter  we  would 
have  marched  into  the  net  spread  for  us,  and  most  likely  all  have  been 
killed,  or  suffered  such  other  worse  punishment  as  a  court-martial 
should  inflict. 

This  young  man  had  been  a  prisoner  of  war  at  Fort  Monroe,  and 
from  his  window  heard  the  conversation  between  Lewis  and  the  Yan- 


420  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

kee  officer,  in  which  the  former  betrayed  us,  and  the  plan  to  capture 
the  whole  party,  and  having  perfected  his  plans  of  escape,  resolved 
to  put  them  in  execution  that  night,  and,  if  possible,  frustrate  his  de- 
signs by  giving  us  information  of  his  treachery. 

Alter  a  hurried  council  of  war  it  was  decided  that  we  should  go 
back  about  a  mile  and  find  a  hiding  place  in  the  woods,  efface  our 
tracks,  and  remain  concealed,  while  Lieutenant  Read  should  make  a 
reconnoissance  to  satisfy  himself  that  things  were  as  bad  as  had  been 
reported,  and  if  indeed  we  would  have  to  return  to  Richmond  with- 
out accomplishing  our  object.  Accordingly  we  hitched  up  and  filed 
out  into  the  road  and  took  it  back,  and  when  we  thought  we  had 
gone  a  safe  distance  turned  into  the  woods  and  camped — Read 
taking  leave  of  us.  disguised,  and  saying  he  would  rejoin  us  the  next 
day,  when  if  he  did  not  by  sunset  we  were  to  conclude  he  was  cap- 
tured and  make  our  way  back  to  Richmond.  The  night  passed 
drearily  away,  the  weather  being  very  cold  and  we  afraid  to  make 
fires  for  fear  of  exposing  our  situation  should  they  be  already  on  the 
hunt  for  us,  as  we  had  no  doubt  they  would  be  as  soon  as  they  dis- 
covered we  were  not  going  into  their  trap,  and  the  following  day, 
though  but  a  short  winter  one,  seemed  endless,  so  great  was  our  anx- 
iety for  our  leader,  who  had  thrust  his  head  into  the  lion's  jaws.  At 
length,  about  4  P.  M.,  Read  made  his  appearance  in  camp,  cool  and 
collected  as  ever,  and  told  us  that  what  we  had  heard  was  true,  and 
gave  orders  to  hitch  up,  form  line,  and  retreat.  The  enemy's  cavalry 
was  already  scouring  the  country  in  search  us  and  every  road  of  re- 
treat was  guarded.  We  marched  by  night,  avoiding  main  roads,  and 
during  the  following  day  halted  and  concealed  ourselves  in  the  woods. 

Headed  off  at  one  turn,  we  took  another  and  pursued  our  way, 
resolved  to  sell  our  lives  dearly,  should  the  enemy  fall  upon  us. 
Every  path  now  seemed  guarded,  and  our  retreat  apparently  cut  off, 
when  an  old  gentleman  in  citizens  clothes  and  a  "stove-pipe,"  hat 
on,  who  had  joined  us  as  guide,  determined  to  take  us  through  the 
water  of  the  Appomattox,  and  thus  "take  roundings "  on  them. 
There  was  a  horse-shoe  bend  in  the  river,  which,  by  fording,  we 
could  pass  through  between  their  pickets  and  reach  our  picket- lines 
This  was  decided  upon,  and  our  guide  lead  off  and  marched  us  to 
the  ford.  It  was  not  a  pleasant  prospect,  that  of  taking  water  with 
the  thermometer  hanging  around  freezing  point,  but  it  was  better 
than  falling  in  the  hands  of  Yankees,  so  of  the  two  evils  we  chose  the 
least.  My  teeth  chatter  yet  to  think  of  that  cold  wade  through  water 
waist  deep,  covered  with  a  thin  coat  of  ice,  but  we  passed  it  success- 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  421 

fully,  wagons  and  all,  and  then  double-quicked  to  keep  from  freezing; 
our  clothes  freezing  stiff  on  us  as  we  came  out  of  the  water. 

We  had  now  the  inside  track  of  our  pursuers,  and  leaving  them 
waiting  for  us  to  march  up  one  of  the  many  roads  they  had  so  well 
guarded,  made  our  way  back  towards  our  lines,  which  we  reached 
safely  without  loss  of  a  man,  wagon  or  mule. 

The  results  accomplished  by  this  expedition  were  nothing,  but  I 
have  thought  it  worthy  of  a  place  in  history,  because  of  the  effort. 
Of  the  hardships  of  such  a  trip  only  those  who  have  experienced 
them  can  judge,  and  I  will  not  even  attempt  to  paint  those  we  en- 
countered. Our  flag  waved  in  the  James  river  two  months  after  the 
events  I  have  endeavored  to  describe,  but  of  the  hundred  and  one 
men  who  composed  this  expedition,  fully  seventy-five  were  in  the 
Naval  Hospital,  in  Richmond,  suffering  from  the  effects  of  their 
Winter  march,  on  the  sad  day  on  which  we  turned  our  backs  upon 
that  city. 


Is  the  "Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States,"  Written  by  Miss  Thal- 
heimer,  and  Published  by  Van  Antwerp,  Bragg  &  Co.,  Cincinnatti,  a  Fit 
Book  to  be  Used  in  our  Schools  ? 

A  Reviezv  by  J.  Wm.  Jones. 

Paper  No.  2. 

We  were  noticing  in  our  last  the  tone  and  general  spirit  of  this 
book,  and  will  now  add  several  examples  to  those  then  given  : 

II.  Designating  the  Northern  States  (page  308)  as  ''the  loyal 
States'' — stating  (page  309)  that  more  than  two-thirds  of  the  States 
ratified  the  amendment  of  the  Constitution  abolishing  slavery,  and 
on  page  324  that  all  of  the  States  adopted  the  Fourteenth  Amend- 
ment, annulled  their  ordinances  of  secession,  and  repudiated  the 
Confederate  war-debts  without  giving  the  slightest  intimation  that  the 
Southern  States  acted  in  this  matter  as  much  under  "duress  "  as  the 
traveller  who  yields  to  the  highwayman's  demand,  "your  money 
or  your  life,"  the  statement  (page  313)  that  Mr.  Lincoln,  in  his  second 
inaugural  address,  "fairly  stated  the  positions  of  the  two  parties  in 
the  civil  war,"  and  the  statement  on  page  330,  that  the  South  was  re- 
stored in  the  early  part  of  1870  "to  all  of  her  abandoned  rights"— 
these  and  other  similar  statements  are  specimens  of  the  partisan 
animus  which  runs  through  the  whole  book,  and  renders  it  utterly 
unfit  for  use  in  Southern  schools. 


422  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

12.  I  quote  in  full  two  paragraphs  on  page  316  and  three  para- 
graphs on  page  318,  in  order  that  those  who  have  not  access  to  this 
book  may  see  for  themselves  what  our  children  are  taught  by  this 
History  of  the  "  Results  of  the  Civil  War :  " 

"  574.  The  war  once  over,  all  reasonable  men  were  ready  to  join  in 
repairing  its  wastes  and  forgetting  its  enmities.  Doubtless  there  were 
selfish  Northern  adventurers,  who  cared  only  to  make  their  own  for- 
tunes out  of  the  poverty  of  the  exhausted  South  and  the  ignorance 
of  the  freedmen  ;  while  there  were  disappointed  politicians,  who,  hav- 
ing failed  to  destroy  the  Government,  used  every  opportunity  to 
obstruct  its  action.  Both  these  classes  presented  obstacles  to  the 
thorough  restoration  of  peace,  but  their  influence  could  not  be  last- 
ing. 

"  575.  The  strength  and  the  clemency  of  the  great  Republic  were 
equally  proved  by  the  circumstances  attending  the  close  of  the  war. 
The  hopes  of  its  enemies  were  disappointed.  It  had  been  said  that 
the  peaceful,  industrious  pursuits  of  the  majority  of  the  people  had 
unfitted  them  for  war  ;  and  that,  used  as  they  were  to  personal  inde- 
pendence, they  would  never  submit  to  the  needful  discipline  of  the 
army.  But  it  was  found  that  men  will  fight  most  cheerfully  and 
bravely  for  a  government  that  represents  their  will  and  promotes 
their  prosperity,  and  that  happy  home-life,  so  far  from  destroying 
courage,  is  a  strong  incentive  to  it.  " 

"  581.  If  we  ask  what  was  gained  by  all  this  suffering  and  expendi- 
ture of  life  and  treasure,  we  find  that  the  South,  before  the  war  was 
over,  gave  up  the  two  principles  for  which  it  was  ostensibly  made. 
The  right  of  secession  was  indeed  a  principle  which  no  government 
could  admit,  and,  notwithstanding  its  assertion  of  State  sovereignty, 
the  Confederacy  was  from  the  very  beginning  more  strongly  central- 
ized than  the  Union  had  ever  been.  Its  leaders  found,  just  as  their 
fathers  had  found  in  Revolutionary  times  (§  234),  that  a  rope  of  sand 
is  not  strong  enough  to  bear  the  strain  of  war.  One  flag,  one  uni- 
form, were  seen  all  through  the  South,  and  one  will  at  Richmond 
controlled  all  movements. 

"  582.  Abandonment  of  Slavery. — The  other  principle  was  far 
more  reluctantly  abandoned ;  but  before  Lee's  surrender  the  Confed- 
erate Government,  like  that  of  the  Union  two  years  before,  had  come 
to  the  resolution  to  arm  the  negroes,  and  thus  in  the  end  to  set  them 
free.     The  two  purposes  of  the  war  being  thus  given  up,  it  might 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  423 

seem  that  the  conflict  itself  should  have  ceased  ;  and  so  it  would,  at 
an  earlier  date,  if  the  people  had  been  as  well  informed  as  its  govern- 
ment. 

"  583.  No  one  can  hear  without  the  warmest  admiration  of  the  sacri- 
fices and  sufferings  of  the  Southern  people.  Cut  off  from  their  usual 
means  of  communication  with  the  outer  world,  they  were  deluded  by- 
false  rumors  of  success  and  false  reports  of  the  character  of  their 
opponents.  Naturally,  bitter  prejudices  prevailed,  and  it  was  long 
before  the  people  found  that  their  Northern  fellow-countrymen  were 
human  like  themselves,  and  that  the  real  interests  of  all  were  the 
same.  Before  the  end  of  the  war,  every  man  between  the  ages  of 
seventeen  and  fifty-five  had  been  called  to  the  ranks;  property  every- 
where was  seized  by  the  Confederate  Government  at  its  own  prices. 
Many  thousand  soldiers  deserted  within  a  few  weeks,  not  from  cow- 
ardice, for  no  men  were  ever  braver,  but  because  their  families  were 
starving." 

Now,  surely  comment  on  these  paragraphs  is  unnecessary.  To 
teach  that  the  "selfish  Northern  adventurers,"  who  came  South  to 
fatten  on  and  rob  our  helpless  people;  that  the  "carpet-baggers"  of 
"Reconstruction"  days  were  only  as  guilty  as  "disappointed  pol- 
iticians who,  having  failed  to  destroy  the  Government,  used  every 
opportunity  to  obstruct  its  action" — that  the  government  showed 
great  "clemency"  in  its  dealings  with  the  South — that  "the  South, 
before  the  war  was  over,  gave  up  the  two  principles  for  which  it  was 
ostensibly  made  " — that  "the  Confederacy  was,  from  the  very  be- 
ginning, more  strongly  centralized  than  the  Union  had  ever  been  " — 
and  that  our  Confederate  people  were  a  set  of  miserable  ignoramuses, 
"deluded  by  false  rumors  of  success  and  false  reports  of  the  char- 
acter of  their  opponents,"  and  thus  kept  by  designing  leaders  from 
abandoning  the  contest  long  before  they  did — I  say  to  teach  our 
children  such  stuff  as  this  is  one  of  the  baldest  outrages  upon  the 
truth  of  history  which  even  this  author  has  ever  attempted. 

13.  The  account  of  the  work  of  the  "Sanitary  Commissions,"  and 
the  "Christian  Commission,"  of  the  North  (page  319^  and  the 
utter  ignoring  of  the  self-sacrificing  labors,  of  similar  organizations 
in  the  Confederacy,  the  paragraph  on  education  (page  351)  in  which 
a  number  of  Northern  colleges  and  universities  are  mentioned,  and 
not  one  located  in  a  Southern  State,  and  the  catalogue  of  American 
authors  (page  352),  which  does  not  mention  a  single  Southern 
name,  may  all  have  been  the  result,  not  of  designed  misrepresenta- 
tion, but  of  ignorance  on  the  part  of  the  author,  but  I  insist  that  one 


424  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

so  profoundly  ignorant  of  Southern  institutions  is  utterly  incom- 
petent to  write  ' '  History ' '  for  our  schools. 

14.  Passing  over  many  other  illustrations  of  the  io?ie  a?id  spirit  of 
this  book,  before  citing  some  of  its  more  glaring  errors  of  detail,  I 
call  attention  to  the  fact  that  the  book  has  a  general  habit  of  sluring 
over  and  dwarfing  Confederate  victories,  or  of  seeking  to  explain 
them  away,  while  it  magnifies  and  exalts  the  successes  of  the  North. 

E.  G. — It  is  amazing  how  any  fair-minded  man  can  consider  the 
dwarfingof  Jackson's  Valley  campaign  into  a  "  brilliant  dash  "  (p.  291) 
"up  the  Shenandoah  Valley,"  and  the  addition  of  some  "glittering 
generalities"  in  the  note  (p.  303),  which  the  teacher  may  or  may  not 
require  the  pupil  to  study,  a  fair  statement  of  one  of  the  most  bril- 
liant campaigns  in  all  history.  McDowell,  from  whence  Jackson 
electrified  the  Confederacy  with  his  famous  dispatch  :  "  God  blessed  our 
arms  with  victory  at  McDowell  yesterday" — Front  Royal,  where  the 
two  Maryland  regiments  (Federal  and  Confederate)  had  their  bloody 
fight  and  Jackson  flanked  Banks — Winchester,  where  the  Federals 
were  driven  pell-mell  through  the  streets  and  Banks  won  the  soubri- 
quet of  "  Stonewall  Jackson's  Quartermaster  " — the  fighting  near 
Harrisonburg,  where  Ashby  captured  Sir  Percy  Wyndham,  and  soon 
after,  in  a  fight  with  the  "  Bucktails,"  yielded  up  his  own  chivalric 
spirit  in  the  hour  of  victory  -Cross-Keys, where  Ewell  whipped  Fre- 
mont— and  Port  Republic,  where  Jackson  whipped  Shields  and  sent 
them  both  whirling  down  the  Valley  to  fortify  at  Strasburg  against 
an  expected  attack  from  him  at  the  very  hour  that  "  Stonewall "  was 
thundering  on  McClellan's  flank  at  Richmond — these  names  and  the 
glorious  deeds  of  "  the  Foot  Cavalry"  (who  in  this  campaign  of 
thirty- two  days  had  marched  nearly  four  hundred  miles,  skirmishing 
almost  daily,  fought  five  battles,  defeated  three  armies,  two  of  which 
were  completely  routed,  captured  about  twenty  pieces  of  artillery, 
some  4,000  prisoners,  and  immense  stores  of  all  kinds,  and  had  done 
all  this  with  a  loss  of  less  than  one  thousand  men,  killed,  wounded 
and  missing,)  should  be  made  familiar  to  the  children  of  the  South. 
But  they  would  never  learn  them  from  this  book,  and  it  should  never 
be  used  in  our  schools. 

I  insist  that  the  account  of  Seven  Pines  and  Seven  Days"  battles, 
which  the  author  compresses  into  eleven  lines  at  the  bottom  of  page 
291,  is  utterly  unfair.  General  J.  E.  Johnston  (see  his  Narrative,  page 
133)  claims  that  he  won  a  decided  "  victory  "  at  Seven  Pines,  and  that 
his  being  wounded  at  the  close  of  the  battle  only  prevented  the  full 
fruition  of  the  results  contemplated. 

As  for  General  Lee's  raising  "immense  numbers  of  recruits"  be- 


Eclectic  History  of  the  United  States.  425 

tween  "Seven  Pines"  and  "Seven  Days,"  the  exact  truth  is  that 
he  received  from  a// sources,  including  Jackson,  (see  papers  of  General 
Early  and  Colonel  Charles  Marshall,  Southern  Historical  So- 
ciety Papers,  volume  I,  pages  408-424)  only  23,000  reinforcements — 
that  McClellan  was  also  reinforced — that  General  Lee  numbered, 
when  Seven  Days  opened,  a  little  less  than  80,000  men  (78,000),  and 
McClellan,  105,000  in  position,  and  10,000  at  Fortress  Monroe, 
and  he  did  as  much  to  "strengthen  his  defences"  as  did  Lee — and 
that  instead  of  simply  "severing  McClellan  from  his  supplies,"  Lee 
attacked  him  in  works  as  strong  as  engineering  skill  and  ample 
mechanical  appliances  could  make  them,  and  that  at  Mechanicsville, 
Beaver  Dam  Creek,  Gaines's  Mill,  Cold  Harbor,  Savage  Station, 
Frazier's  Farm,  and  Malvern  Hill,  (names  our  children  ought  to 
learn,  but  would  never  hear  of  from  this  book)  Lee  gained  splendid 
victories  and  forced  McClellen  to  cower  under  the  shelter  of  his 
gunboats  at  Harrison's  Landing. 

These  brilliant  exploits  resulted  in  the  capture  of  many  thousand 
prisoners,  thousands  of  small  arms,  and  fifty-one  pieces  of  artillery, 
and  in  the  raising  of  the  siege  of  Richmond  and  the  speedy  transfer 
of  the  seat  of  the  war  north  of  the  Potomac.  And  yet  this  book  de- 
votes to  these  splendid  achievements  of  Lee  and  his  brave  men  Just 
eight  lines,  while  it  gives  fourteen  lines  to  the  Baltimore  riot,  twenty- 
three  lines  to  falsifying  the  facts  about  First  Manassas,  twenty  lines 
of  misrepresentation  to  the  "Trent  affair,"  twenty  lines  to  Fort 
Donelson,  eleven  lines  to  Murfreesboro,  twenty-four  lines  to  the 
capture  of  New  Orleans,  forty  lines  to  misrepresenting  the  truth 
about  the  Merimac  and  Monitor,  and  only  six  lines  and  a  half  to 
Jackson's  Valley  campaign,  only  nine  lines  to  the  Second  Manassas 
campaign,  twenty-two  lines  to  the  Maryland  campaign,  only  six 
lines  to  Fredericksburg,  thirty-three  lines  to  falsifying  the  facts 
about  the  Emancipation  Proclamation,  only  thirteen  (really  only  two) 
lines  to  Chancellorsville,  twenty  lines  to  Gettysburg,  thirty-two  lines 
to  the  capture  of  Vicksburg,  four  lines  to  the  splendid  Confederate 
victory  at  Chickamauga,  and  forty-five  lines  to  telling  of  Grant's 
"masterpiece  of  strategy, "  and  Hooker,  Sherman  and  Sheridan's 
splendid  expoits  near  Chattanooga. 

I  have  not  space  to  follow  out  further  now  these  illustrations  of  the 
utterly  unfair  tone  and  spirit  of  the  book.  In  other  papers  I  propose 
to  examine  in  detail  some  of  its  false  statements,  omissions  and  mis- 
representations, and  to  bring  cumulative  proof  that  the  book  is  so 
utterly  unfit  to  be  used  in  our  schools  that  it  is  a  great  outrage  for 


426"  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

school  boards  (from  whatever  motives)  to  introduce  it  into  our 
schools — that  teachers  should  protest  against  it  until  their  protest  is 
heard — ayid pareyits  should  absolutely  refuse  to  allow  their  children  to 
study  that  part  of  it  pertaining  to  the  war. 


Death  of    Mrs.  Sarah  K.  Rowe,   "the  Soldier's  Friend." 

Orangeburg,  S.  C,  fune  2,  1884. 

I  feel  warranted  in  informing  you  of  the  death  of  Mrs.  Sarah  K. 
Rowe,  which  occurred  yesterday,  the  ist  of  June,  at  her  country 
home  in  this  county.  Mrs.  Rowe  was  known  for  four  and  a- half 
years,  '61  to  '65,  as  the  soldier's  friend.  I  detract  nothing  from  great 
women  all  over  the  South,  Cornelias  of  heroic  type,  when  I  state  that 
Mrs.  Rowe  was  pre-eminently  the  soldier's  friend.  If  this  should 
meet  the  eye  of  Hood's  Texans,  of  Polk's  Tennesseeans,  of  Morgan's 
Kentuckians,  or  of  Pickett's  Virginians,  any  of  whom  passed  on  the 
S.  C.  R.  R.  during  the  war,  her  face  beaming  with  benevolence,  her 
arms  loaded  with  food,  will  be  remembered  as  one  of  the  sunny  events 
of  a  dark  time.  From  the  first  note  ol  war  Mrs.  Rowe  gave  all  she 
had  and  could  collect  by  wonderful  energy  to  the  soldiers.  She  had 
her  organized  squads.  The  gay,  strong  soldier  to  Virginia  was  fed 
and  cheered  on ;  the  mangled  and  sick  were  nursed  and  cared  for. 
She  had  a  mother's  blessing  for  the  brave,  a  mother's  tears  and  sym- 
pathy for  the  dying  and  dead.  Mrs.  Rowe  emphatically  lived  and 
spent  herself  for  the  cause,  and  when  it  failed,  like  a  noble  woman 
she  submitted,  with  the  remark,  "  It  is  all  right."  The  sight  of  a 
bandaged  head  or  limb  under  her  soft  touch  was  an  everyday  picture. 
The  echo  of  a  thousand  cheers  as  the  troop-trains  passed  her  was  re- 
curring every  day.  She  bandaged  and  waved  God -speed  as  well.  A 
few  days  ago  Mrs.  Rowe  showed  by  request  a  part  of  her  great 
legacy — the  letters  from  the  soldiers  she  had  nursed  to  life  again. 
Truly  her  reward  was  rich.  She  passed  away,  of  paralysis,  at  a  ripe 
old  age.  The  soldiers  and  survivors  buried  her.  The  Young  and 
"Old  Guard"  lowered  her  remains  to  mother  earth.  When  Fame 
makes  up  its  roll  her  precious  name  should  stand  out — the  soldier's 
friend. 

Truly  yours, 

John  A.  Hamilton. 


I 


"Sherman's  Bummers"  and  Some  of  Their  Work.       427 

"Sherman's  Bummers,"  and  Some  of  Their  Work. 

Alabama  Agricultural  and  Mechanical  College, 

Auburn,  Ala.,  August  25th,  1884. 

Rev.  Dr.  John  William  Jo7ies, 

Secretary  Sozithern  Historical  Society  : 

Dear  Sir, — At  the  suggestion  of  several  friends  I  send  you  the 
enclosed  interesting  extracts  from  a  private  letter,  written  to  me,  soon 
after  the  downfall  of  the  Confederacy,  by  Captain  E.  J.  Hale,  Jr.,  who 
was  my  Assistant- Adjutant  General.  The  Captain  is  an  elegant,  edu- 
cated gentleman,  and  was  as  gallant  a  young  officer  as  ever  drew 
blade  in  defence  of  the  "  Lost  Cause."  As  editor  of  the  Fayetteville 
Observer,  which  was  a  power  in  North  Carolina  during  the  war,  he 
is  now  ably  following  in   the  footsteps  of  his  staunch,  talented  and 

distinguished  father. 

Yours,  very  respectfully, 

James  H.  Lane. 


Fayetteville,  N.  C,  July  31st,  1865. 
My  Dear  General : 

;(;;(;***** 

It  would  be  impossible  to  give  you  an  adequate  idea  of  the  de- 
struction of  property  in  this  good  old  town.  It  may  not  be  an 
average  instance,  but  it  is  one,  the  force  of  whose  truth  we  feel  only 
too  fully.  My  father's  property,  before  the  war,  was  easily  converti- 
ble into  about  $85  to  $100,000  in  specie.  He  has  not  now  a  particle 
of  property  which  will  bring  him  a  dollar  of  income.  His  office,  with 
everything \n  it,  was  burned  by  Sherman's  order.  Slocum,  who  exe- 
cuted the  order,  with  a  number  of  other  Generals,  sat  on  the  verandah 
of  a  hotel  opposite  watching  the  progress  of  the  flames,  while  they 
hobnobbed  over  wines  stolen  from  our  cellar.  A  fine  brick  building 
adjacent,  also  belonging  to  my  father,  was  burned  at  the  same  time. 
The  cotton  factory,  of  which  he  was  a  large  shareholder,  was  burned, 
while  his  bank,  railroad,  and  other  stocks  are  worse  than  worthless, 
for  the  bank  stock,  at  least,  may  bring  him  in  debt,  as  the  stock- 
holders are  responsible.  In  fact,  he  has  nothing  left,  besides  the 
ruins  of  his  town  buildings  and  a  few  town  lots  which  promise  to  be 
of  litde  value  hereafter,  in  this  desolated  town,  and  are  of  no  value 
at  present,  save  his  residence,  which  (with  brother's  house)  Sherman 


428  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

made  a  great  parade  of  saving  from  a  mob  (composed  of  corps  and 
division  commanders,  a  nephew  of  Henry  Ward  Beecher,  and  so  on 
down,  by  sending  to  each  house  an  officer  of  his  staff,  afier  my 
brother's  had  been  pillaged  and  my  father's  to  some  extent.  By 
some  accidental  good  fortune,  however,  my  mother  secured  a  guard 
before  the  "bummers"  had  made  much  progress  in  the  house,  and  to 
this  circumstance  we  are  indebted  for  our  daily  food,  several  month's 
supply  of  which  my  father  had  hid  the  night  before  he  left,  in  the 
upper  rooms  of  the  house,  and  the  greater  part  of  which  was  saved. 

You  have,  doubtless,  heard  of  Sherman's  "bummers."  The 
Yankees  would  have  you  believe  that  they  were  only  the  straggling 
pillagers  usually  found  with  all  armies.  Several  letters  written  by 
officers  of  Sherman's  army,  intercepted  near  this  town,  give  this  the 
lie.  In  some  of  these  letters  were  descriptions  of  the  whole  bum- 
ming process,  and  from  them  it  appears  that  it  was  a  regularly  organ- 
ized system,  under  the  authority  of  General  Sherman  himselt ;  that 
one-fifth  of  the  proceeds  fell  to  General  Sherman,  another  fifth  to  the 
other  general  officers,  another  fifth  to  the  line  officers,  and  the  re- 
maining two-fifths  to  the  enlisted  men.  There  were  p7ire  silver 
bummers,  plated-ware  bummers,  jewelry  bummers,  women's-clothing 
bummers,  provision  bummers,  and,  in  fine,  a  bummer  or  bummers 
for  every  kind  of  stealable  thing.  No  bummer  of  one  specialty  inter- 
fering with  the  stealables  of  another.  A  pretty  picture  of  a  conquer- 
ing army,  indeed,  but  true. 

Well,  I  am  scribbling  away  just  as  if  I  were  talking  to  you,  for  I  feel 
to-night  in  humor  for  having  one  of  our  late-at-night  tent  talks, 
which  poor  Ed.  Nicholson  used  to  laugh  about,  while  he  would 
mimic  you  punching  the  fire  and  puffing  your  pipe.  Ah !  how  the 
pleasures  of  winter  quarters  and  the  biovuac  come  back  to  us  now, 
divested  of  a  remembrance  of  every  disagreeable  incident.  I  can  see 
the  big  tent  on  the  Rapidan ;  I  feel  as  if  I  were  with  you  in  the  cosy 
little  one  on  Jones's  farm,  smoke,  smoke,  smoke,  talk,  talk,  talk — 
how  we  rattled  away  the  hours  far  into  the  morning.  Is  our  present 
humiliating  freedom  from  danger  a  change  for  the  better? 

But  I  must  blow  away  these  spectres  of  tobacco  smoke  and  battle 
smoke,  and  tell  you  still  more  about  myself,  and  I  know  you  will  par- 
don so  much  talk  about  self  when  you  remember  how  necessarily 
egotistical  must  be  the  first  letter  to  a  friend,  after  an  interval  of 
months,  since  a  parting  such  as  ours  at  ill-starred  Appomattox. 

:^  *  ;!;  *  :|;  ^  :f: 

I  forgot  to  say  that  I  have  not  yet  taken  the  oath,  but,  of  course, 


Notes  and  Queries.  429 

will  do  so  eventually.     If  I  live  in  this  country,  as  I  expect  now  to 

do,  I   shall   feel  it  my  duty  to  demean   myself  as  a  good  and  true 

citizen. 
******* 

Yours  affectionately, 

E.  J,  Hale,  Jr. 


Notes  and  Queries. 

The  term  "Rebellion"  as  applied  to  our  "  war  between  the 
States"  has  been  again  and  again  repudiated  by  our  most  careful 
Confederate  critics,  and  candid  writers  on  the  other  side  are  coming 
to  admit  that  the  war  was  in  no  just  sense  a  rebellion.  We  took  oc- 
casion in  our  December  (1883)  number  to  protest  against  the  use  of 
this  inaccurate  and  offensive  term  as  the  title  of  the  publications  of 
the  "  War  Records  Office,"  and  this  elicited  from  our  friend  E.  L. 
Wells,  of  Charleston,  S.  C,  the  following  well  put  comment.  Our 
friend's  point  is  decidedly  "  well  taken  "  : 

"  I  notice  that  in  criticising  the  title  "  Rebellion  "  affixed  to  certain 
State  Papers  by  Washington  officials,  you  speak  of  the  term  as  one 
which  is  as  inapplicable  to  the  popular  movement  of  1861  as  it  would 
be  if  applied  to  that  of  1776.  I  should  think  there  was  this  difference: 
The  uprising  of  1776,  however  justifiable  morally  it  may  have  been, 
was  legally  a  rebellion  of  disloyal  subjects  against  their  government. 

"  The  war  of  secession,  on  the  contrary,  was  in  pursuance  of  legal 
right,  and  was  not  against  a  '  government '  at  all,  but  was  waged  be- 
tween States  or  sectional  populations  ;  therefore,  whatever  else  it  may 
have  been,  it  certainly  was  not  a  '  Rebellion.' 
"  Yours,  very  respectfully, 

"  Edward  L.  Wells." 


"The  Historic  Apple  Tree  at  Appomattox"  has  been  so 
often  shown  to  be  a  myth  that  we  have  been  both  surprised  and 
amused  at  seeing  the  story  recently  revived  in  one  of  our  Southern 
papers,  whose  editor  gives  the  following  version  of  it : 

"We  yesterday  had  a  conversation  with  a  gentleman  who  was  pre- 
sent at  the  time  the  negotiations  for  the  surrender  were  going  on,  in 
which  he  asserted  most  positively  that  these  negotiations  were  carried 
on  under  a  large  apple  tree  in  a  farm-yard,  and  that,  according  to  his 


430  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

recollection,  there  were  no  pine  trees  near  the  spot,  as  it  is  stated  by 
Dr.  Paris.  He  says  that  when  General  Lee  met  the  commissioners 
appointed  by  General  Grant,  the  curiosity  of  every  one  was  aroused, 
and  every  excuse  was  made  to  get  near  the  spot  where  the  parties 
were  discussing-  the  terms  of  the  surrender.  To  keep  these  off  and 
prevent  interruption,  the  First  Regiment  of  Engineers,  under  Colonel 
Talcott,  of  which  our  informant  was  a  member,  was  formed  in  a  hol- 
low square  around  the  assembled  officers.  They  occupied  camp  stools, 
and  had  a  table  on  which  the  writing  was  done,  and  they  were  seated 
under  the  shade  of  a  large  apple  tree.  Colonel  Talcott' s  reigiment 
formed  around  them,  prevented  any  interruption  until  the  preliminary 
papers  were  signed,  and  the  Federal  officers  left  for  Grant's  head- 
quarters. 

"This  was,  we  think  our  informant  stated,  on  Sunday.  On  the 
Tuesday  following  he  had  occasion  to  pass  the  spot,  and  not  a  vestige 
of  the  apple  tree  was  left.  Even  the  roots  of  the  tree  were  dug  up 
and  carried  away  as  mementoes  of  the  great  occasion.  It  may  have 
been  that  the  surrender  was  consummated  at  some  other  place,  but 
the  negotiations  certainly  took  place  under  the  '  apple  tree  at  Appo- 
mattox,' and  there  is  no  'myth'  about  this  celebrated  tree." 

Now,  the  gentleman  referred  to  was  simply  mistaken  in  his  facts. 
The  truth  is  that  no  "  negotiations  "  ever  occurred  under  an  "  apple 
tree" — that  the  "negotiations"  were  not  through  "  commissioners," 
but  between  Generals  Lee  and  Grant  themselves — and  that  they  first 
met,  not  "  under  an  apple  tree,"  but  in  the  "  McLean  house  "  at  Ap- 
pomattox Courthouse,  and  that  the  only  possible  interest  which  could 
attach  to  an  apple  tree  was  that  while  General  Lee  was  waiting  for 
his  messenger  to  come  back  from  General  Grant  and  designate  the 
place  of  their  interview,  the  old  hero  rested  under  the  shade  in  an 
orchard.  We  had  these  facts  not  only  from  members  of  his  staff,  but 
from  General  Lee  himself,  who  once  gave  a  party  of  us  in  Lexing- 
ton a  detailed  account  of  the  surrender. 

It  is  perfectly  true  that  Federal  soldiers  cut  to  pieces  the  so-called 
"  historic  apple  tree,"  dug  up  its  roots,  and  even  cut  up  and  carried  off 
all  of  the  other  apple  trees  in  the  orchard.  It  is  also  true  that  "  hun- 
gry Rebs."  in  Richmond  sold  to  Northern  "relic-hunters"  tons  of 
"Appomattox  apple  tree."  But  this  does  not  redeem  the  story,  or 
make  the  surrender,  or  any  negotiations  concerning  it,  to  have  oc- 
curred "  under  an  apple  tree." 


Editorial  Paragraiihs.  431 

J^DITOf^IAL     pAFjAQF^APH?. 


The  combining  in  this  issue  of  three  numbers  under  one  cover,  as 
we  have  had  occasion  to  do  frequently  before,  has  enabled  us  to  print  seve- 
ral long  articles,  and  at  the  same  time  to  give  variety  and  interest  which  we 
are  sure  our  readers  will  appreciate.  Indeed,  we  think  that  they  will  find  it, 
on  the  whole,  one  of  tlie  most  interesting  and  valuable  issues  we  have  ever 
sent  out. 

We  very  much  regret,  however,  that  in  consequence  of  a  great  pre.ss  of 
work  on  our  worthy  printers,  the  number  l]as  been  delayed  three  or  four 
weeks  beyond  the  time  at  which  we  had  expected  to  mail  it. 


Death  of  Mrs.  Mary  Blackburn  Morris. — ^Just  as  we  are  going  to 
press,  a  telegram  from  Louisville  announces  the  death  of  one  who  will  live 
in  the  hearts  of  the  thousands  who  "wore  the  gray,"  and  whose  memory 
will  be  cherished  by  lovers  of  heroic  devotion  to  duty,  wherever  the  story 
of  her  life  is  known. 

Mrs.  Mary  Blackburn  Morris,  wife  of  the  late  Judge  Buckner  Morris,  of  Chi- 
cago, sister  of  Ex-Gov.  Luke  P.  Blackburn  and  Senator  J.  C.  S.  Blackburn,  of 
Kentucky,  died  in  Louisville  on  the  20th  of  Oct.,  in  the  66th  year  of  her  age. 

Her  services  among  Confederate  prisoners  at  Camp  Douglas,  Rock  Is- 
land, and  other  prisons,  and  her  active  sympathy  for  our  cause  and  its  ad- 
herents (briefly  alluded  to  in  the  narrative  of  Mr.  Damon,  published  in  this 
No  ,  and  deserving  a  fitting  record),  caused  the  arrest  and  imprisonment  of 
Mrs.  Morris  and  her  husband,  wrecked  their  splendid  fortune,  and  implanted 
the  seeds  of  disease,  from  which  both  of  them  eventually  died. 

We  remember  how  warmly  this  noble  woman  was  greeted  at  the  Reunion 
of  Morgan's  men  at  Lexington  in  July,  1883,  and  shall  never  forget  her  benig- 
nant countenance  and  cordial  grasp  as  she  expressed  the  warmest  interest 
in  the  work  of  our  Society,  and  promised  to  contribute  something  for  our 
Papers  on  her  war  experiences. 

She  deserves  and  will,  no  doubt,  have  a  fitting  monument  of  marble  or 
granite ;  but  she  has  erected  a  monument  more  lasting  than  these  in  the 
hearts  of  all  who  love  the  land  and  cause  to  which  she  devoted  her  life. 


Membership  fees,  and  subscriptions,  now  due  at  this  office  amount,  in 
the  aggregate,  to  the  sum  of  14,155,  and  it  may  be  well  understood  that  we 
need  the  money  to  meet  our  current  expenses.  We  are  now  sending  out  to 
our  members  polite  reminders  of  their  indebtedness,  and  we  beg  that  they 
will  respojid  at  once  to  our  call ;  %Ty  or  |6  is  a  very  small  matter  to  the  in- 
dividual, but  the  aggregate  amount  is  a  very  important  matter  to  us.  We 
are  pledged  not  to  go  in  debt,  and  we  beg  our  friends  to  enable  us  to  keep 
our  pledge  by  a  prompt  remittance  of  their  dues. 


432  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

The  Annual  Reunion  of  the  Virginia  Division  of  the  Army  of 
Northern  Virginia  Association  will  take  place  on  the  evening  of  the 
23d  of  October.  General  Bradley  T.  Johnson  will  speak  on  the  Sharpsburg 
Campaign  ;  a  number  of  Maryland  Confederates  will  make  an  excursion  to 
Richmond  on  the  occasion,  and  it  is  hoped  that  it  will  prove  one  of  the  most 
delightful  reunions  we  have  ever  had. 


The  Annual  Meeting  of  the  Southern  Historical  Society,  which 
usually  occurs  during  the  last  week  in  October,  the  time  of  the  Virginia 
Agricultural  Fair,  has  been  postponed  this  year  to  suit  the  convenience  of 
General  M.  C.  Butler,  of  South  Carolina,  who  has  kindly  consented  to  ad- 
dress the  Society,  and  whose  pressing  engagements  will  not  permit  him  to 
be  here  at  that  time. 

In  making  the  change,  the  E.xecutive  Committee  have  also  been  influenced 
by  certain  grave  objections  to  holding  our  annual  meeting  at  a  time  when 
the  people  are  so  occupied  with  other  matters  of  pressing  interest,  that  it  is 
impossible  for  many  of  our  best  members  to  attend.  The  exact  day  of  the 
meeting  will  be  duly  announced,  and  special  efforts  will  be  made  to  render 
it  the  most  interesting  and  important  which  we  have  ever  held. 


The  Unveiling  of  the  Monument  to  Col.  Rob't  D.  Smith  and  his 
brave  comrades  of  the  Seventh,  Ninth,  Tenth,  Twenty-Ninth,  and  Forty- 
Fourth  Mississippi  regiments,  who  fell  at  Munfordsville,  the  14th  of  Septem- 
ber, 1862,  occurred  on  the  historic  ground  on  the  17th  of  September  last 
(anniversary  of  the  final  surrrender  of  the  Federal  fort),  and  was  an  occa 
sion  of  great  interest.     We  deeply  regretted  our  inability  to  be  present. 

The  monument,  a  beautiful  and  appropriate  one,  was  erected  by  the  libe- 
rality of  Mr.  James  Smith,  of  Glasgow,  Scotland  (a  brother  of  Col.  Rob't  D. 
Smith),  whose  presence  with  a  party  of  friends,  from  Glasgow,  consisting  of 
Alex.  Watt,  Robert  Brown  Smith,  Miss  Maria  Smith,  and  Dr.  R.  G.  Miller, 
added  greatly  to  the  interest  of  the  occasion.  We  hope  to  print  in  our  next 
the  admirable  address  of  Major  E.  T.  Sykes,  of  Columbus,  Miss.,  and  the 
feeling  and  appropriate  remarks  of  Mr.  Smith. 

We  were  glad  to  note  that  the  Army  of  Tennessee  Association,  in  New 
Orleans,  passed  appropriate  resolutions,  commending  Mr.  Smith's  noble 
act — that  he  was  given  a  "  Reception  "  at  the  Bethel,  at  which  our  eloquent 
friend,  Rev.  Dr.  R.  T.  Markham,  Riade  an  appropriate  address — and  that  the 
Legislature  of  Mississippi  passed  suitable  resolutions  concerning  his  gener- 
ous and  patriotic  action. 

Mr.  Smith  and  his  party  passed  through  Richmond,  and  did  the  Secretary 
the  honor  of  calling  at  his  residence,  but  we  deeply  regret  that  we  were  out 
of  the  city  for  the  day,  and  that  as  he  only  spent  several  hours  here,  we  were 
deprived  of  the  pleasure  of  paying  our  respects  to  a  gentleman  who,  in  addi- 
tion to  many  other  friendly  acts  to  the  Confederate  cause,  showed  his  intel- 
ligent appreciation  of  the  work  of  the  Southern  Historical  Society  by  con- 
tributing last  year  two  hundred  dollars  ($200)  to  our  funds. 


Vol.  XII. 


October— November— December.       Nos.  10, 11, 12. 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard. 

By  Colonel  Alfred  Roman. 

A  Review  by  Judge  Charles  Gayarri. 

Paper  No.  2 — Conclusion. 

In  March,  1862,  a  well  organized  and  fully  equipped  Federal  force, 
of  over  forty-seven  thousand  men,  was  gathered  in  front  of  Pittsburg 
landing,  on  the  Tennessee  river,  a  few  miles  from  Corinth,  where  the 
Confederates  were  assembling  for  arming  and  drilling  as  fast  as 
possible.  This  army,  of  which  at  least  forty  per  cent,  were  flushed 
with  recent  victories,  was  soon  to  be  reinforced  by  General  Buell, 
already  on  the  march  from  Nashville,  Tenn.,  with,  at  the  lowest  esti- 
mate, an  effective  force  of  thirty-seven  thousand  disciplined  and  su- 
perbly-equipped troops. 

General  Albert  Sidney  Johnston,  the  comander- in-chief,  who  had 
been  retreating  from  Kentucky  and  Tennessee  to  avoid  being  en- 
veloped by  these  overwhelming  forces,  arrived  on  the  22d  of  March 
at  Corinth,  where  Beauregard,  with  infinite  trouble,  energy  and  per- 
severance, had  succeeded  in  mustering  twenty-five  thousand  men. 


434  SoutJiern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

It  was  not  yet  an  army,  but  only  a  heroic  mob.  who  had  responded 
to  his  eloquent  appeal  to  their  patriotism. 

Beauregard,  on  the  arrival  of  Johnston,  proposed  to  surprise  the 
Federal  force,  under  command  of  General  Grant,  who  had  reached 
the  Tennessee  river,  and  defeat  him  before  the  coming  of  Buell, 
whose  junction  was  shortly  expected.  General  Johnston  assented. 
The  plan  was  to  be  in  the  vicinity  of  the  enemy  by  the  evening  of 
the  4th  of  April,  and  attack  on  the  morning  of  the  5th,  twenty-four 
hours  before  the  probable  arrival  of  Buell.  But  heavy  rainfalls 
during  the  night  of  the  4th  and  the  early  part  of  the  next  day,  the 
narrowness  of  the  roads  running  through  a  densely  wooded  country, 
the  rawness  of  the  troops  and  the  inexperience  of  their  officers,  in- 
cluding some  of  superior  rank,  were  the  causes  of  much  delay,  and 
the  Confederates  had  reached  a  position  to  attack  only  on  the  morn- 
ing of  the  6th  instead  of  the  5th,  as  originally  intended.  This  was  not 
all.  The  transportation  wagons,  containing  five  days'  uncooked,  re- 
served rations,  for  all  the  troops,  were  miles  away  in  the  rear,  not 
having  been  able,  on  account  of  the  heavy  roads,  to  keep  up  with  the 
march,  and  the  march  itself  had  been  conducted  with  such  open  im- 
prudence, in  violation  of  the  strictest  orders  given  to  the  contrary,  that 
it  was  impossible  to  entertain  any  longer  the  hope  that  the  enemy  would 
be  surprised.  Wherefore  General  Beauregard,  who  had  planned  and 
organized  the  offensive  movement,  proposed  that  it  be  converted 
into  a  reconnoisance  in  force,  with  the  purpose  of  drawing  the  enemy 
nearer  to  our  base  at  Corinth.  This  shows  that  General  Beauregard, 
who  had  always  been  considered  as  too  fond  of  a  dangerous  and  ag- 
gressive strategy,  knew  how  to  control,  when  necessary,  his  natural 
disposition,  and  restrain  his  boldness  with  the  curb  of  prudence. 

General  Johnston  dissented  for  several  reasons,  one  of  which  was 
that  a  retrogade  movement  would,  under  present  circumstances,  dis- 
courage his  troops,  who  were  full  of  confidence  and  hopeful  of  suc- 
cess. Our  army  had  been  put  in  motion  for  battle.  It  was  now  on 
the  field  chosen  for  it,  and  it  was  thought  better  to  cast  the  die  and 
risk  the  venture  on  the  gaming  table  of  Mars.  Consequently  prepa- 
rations were  made  for  an  attack  at  dawn  the  next  day,  6th  of  April, 
and  what  has  been  called  the  battle  of  Shiloh,  was  fought  according 
to  the  decision  of  the  Commander-in-chief,  but  not  with  the  endorse- 
ment of  the  next  in  command. 

It  was  the  opinion  of  General  Sherman  that  the  position  of  the  Fed- 
erals was  the  strongest  that  could  be  found  in  the  world,  and  that  Gen- 
eral Beauregard  "  would  not  be  such  a  fool  as  to  attack,  and  that  his 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  435 

movement  was  only  a  reconnoisance  in  force."  Hence  it  is  proved 
that  the  Federals  were  suprised,  notwithstanding  the  probabilities  to 
the  contrary,  and  that  they  were  driven  into  a  battle  for  which  they 
were  not  prepared.  It  was  fought  with  great  fury  on  both  sides  during 
two  days.  The  Confederate  loss,  out  of  forty  thousand  men,  was  ten 
thousand.  The  Federals,  whose  ranks  had  been,  swelled  particularly 
during  the  battle  of  the  second  day,  by  strong  reinforcements,  that 
raised  their  forces  to  seventy-two  thousand,  lost  over  twelve  thou- 
sand men. 

General  Albert  Sidney  Johnston  was  killed  at  2.50  P.  M.  on  the 
first  day  of  the  battle,  and  General  Beauregard,  who  had  acted  under 
him,  continued  it  with  great  vigor  and  intelligence  until  nightfall. 
We  think  it  useless,  for  the  purpose  we  have  in  view,  to  notice  the 
controversy  which  has  arisen  about  whether  the  Federals  would  or 
would  not  have  been  crushed  if  General  Johnston  had  not  been  killed 
and  General  Beauregard  not  assumed  command,  for  which  it  is  con- 
tended that  he  was  not  prepared,  on  account  of  bad  health  and  other 
circumstances.  It  is  difficult  to  read  Colonel  Roman's  narrative  with- 
out being  convinced  that  General  Beauregard  acted  on  that  occasion 
with  his  usual  valor  and  ability. 

At  the  end  of  the  first  day's  battle,  as  demonstrated  by  Colonel 
Roman,  the  starving  and  weary  Confederates  had,  during  the  long  and 
exhaustive  conflict,  been  thrown  into  much  confusion,  resulting  pardy 
from  their  pillage  of  the  enemy's  camps  to  satisfy  their  hunger  and 
recuperate  their  overtaxed  strength,  when  they  believed  themselves 
to  be  victorious,  and  partly  from  the  disjointed  condition  in  which 
the  different  corps  found  themselves  on  the  approach  of  night.  A 
further  struggle  would  have  been  usless,  if  prosecuted  under  exist- 
ing disadvantages,  and  it  looked  as  if  imperatively  necessary  to  cease 
it,  and  to  reorganize  for  the  next  day.  But,  in  the  meantime,  all  the 
forces  of  Buell  had  arrived,  and  Beauregard  went  into  the  bloody 
batde  of  the  next  day,  merely  to  deceive  the  enemy  about  the  retreat 
which  he  meditated  back  to  Corinth,  and  which  he  executed  with 
consummate  skill. 

At  Corinth  it  soon  became  apparent  to  General  Beauregard  that 
the  insalubrity  of  that  locality  would,  says  Colonel  Roman,  "  increase 
as  the  season  advanced,"  and  that,  apart  from  the  danger  of  being 
overwhelmed  by  a  steadily  growing  army  in  his  front,  he  would  have 
to  select  another  strategic  point  more  salubrious,  and  in  which  he 
could  hold  in  check  the  enemy  and  protect  his  rear.  For  these  rea- 
sons he  evacuated  Corinth  and  fell   back  on  Tupelo,  where  begins 


436  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  fertile  and  healthful  black-land  region  of  Mississippi.  With  his 
usual  caution,  celerity,  and  success  he  executed  this  retreat,  which  is 
always  a  difficult  military  operation  to  effect  without  disaster,  when 
having  to  elude  the  grasp  of  an  enterprising  and  vigilant  enemy. 

Whilst  at  Corinth  General  Beauregard,  by  dint  of  excessive  efforts 
and  by  the  magnetism  of  his  popularity,  had  succeeded  in  concentra- 
ting again  fifty  thousand  men,  with  whom  he  had  to  contend  against 
one  hundred  and  twenty-five  thousand  under  General  Halleck,  as  first, 
and  General  Grant,  as  second  in  command.  Before  retreating,  as  we 
have  related,  from  this  eminently  important  strategic  point,  which  he 
had  to  abandon,  General  Beauregard,  with  his  well-known  sagacity 
and  his  boldness  of  conception,  had  devised  a  scheme  to  strike  a 
powerful  blow  at  one  of  the  numerous  corps  that  he  had  in  front.  It 
was  to  be  a  flank  movement,  and  was  only  partially  successful,  on  ac- 
count of  the  inefficiency  of  a  leading  guide  and  the  slowness  of  one  of 
the  commanding  Generals  of  the  expedition.  Meanwhile  General 
Beauregard  had  taken  the  most  minute  precautions  to  protect  his 
falling  back  to  Tupelo,  as  before  stated  ;  and  we  believe  that  Colonel 
Roman  correctly  says  "that  no  other  retreat  during  the  war  was  con- 
ducted in  so  systematic  and  masterly  a  manner,  especially  when  we 
consider  the  comparative  rawness  of  some  of  our  troops  and  the  dis- 
parity of  numbers  and  resources  between  the  two  confronting  armies." 
On  the  5th  of  June,  1862,  our  army  was  safe  at  Tupelo,  fifty-two  miles 
from  Corinth,  in  a  salubrious  region,  where  all  the  requirements  of 
subsistence  and  of  a  good  defensive  position  were  found. 

It  was  at  Tupelo  that  the  misunderstandings,  incessantly  occurring 
between  the  President  and  General  Beauregard,  attained  a  more  acute 
degree  of  intensity.  Believing  that  his  presence  could  be  dispensed 
with  for  a  few  days,  the  General  went  to  Bladon  Springs,  in  Alabama, 
in  the  hope  to  benefit  his  health,  which  was  completely  shattered,  and 
transferred,  temporarily,  the  command  of  the  army  to  General 
Bragg,  one  of  his  Lieutenants.  Whereupon,  President  Davis  removed 
General  Beauregard  and  substituted  for  him  General  Bragg,  to  whom 
he  gave  permanent  and  complete  command.  General  Beauregard 
felt  it  to  be  an  injustice  and  an  affront,  but  he  took  it  magnanimously, 
showing  no  irritation  and  no  resentment. 

On  the  20th  of  July,  General  Bragg  addressed  a  letter  to  his  former 
commander,  then  at  Bladon  Springs,  and  consulted  him  on  a  pro- 
jected campaign  from  Tupelo  into  Tennessee  and  Kentucky.  He 
was  answered  in  a  most  kind  and  cordial  manner.  After  having 
fully  developed  his  views  on  the  subject,  Beauregard  concluded  thus : 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  437 

"The  moment  you  get  to  Chattanooga,  you  ought  to  take  the  offen- 
sive, keeping  in  mind  the  following  grand  principles  of  the  art  of 
war:  First,  always  bring  the  masses  of  your  army  in  contact  with  the 
fractions  of  the  enemy;  second,  operate  as  much  as  possible  on  his 
communications  without  exposing  your  own;  third,  operate  always 
on  interior  or  shorter  Hnes.  I  have  no  doubt  that,  with  anything  like 
equal  numbers,  you  will  always  meet  with  success." 

Colonel  Roman  remarks :  "  General  Bragg,  for  reasons  we  cannot 
explain,  did  not  follow  the  advice  given,  and  his  campaigns  into 
Middle  Tennessee,  and  in  Kentucky  ended  almost  in  a  disaster." 

In  September,  1862,  General  Beauregard  was  assigned  to  duty  in  the 
military  department,  comprehending  South  Carolina,  Georgia  and  Flo- 
rida, with  headquarters  at  Charleston.  The  minimum  of  the  forces  for 
the  defense  of  this  extensive  district  was  reported  to  him  as  some- 
what exceeding  forty-three  thousand  men.  He  immediately  estab- 
lished signal  (flag)  stations  at  the  most  important  points  along  the 
coast  of  South  Carolina,  Georgia  and  Florida,  where  the  enemy's 
ships,  or  fleets,  could  be  observed.  So  effective  was  the  inaugurated 
system,  that,  during  the  twenty  months  he  remained  there  in  com- 
mand, he  never  was,  on  any  occasion,  taken  by  surprise.  He  pre- 
pared all  the  means  in  his  power  to  give  the  enemy  as  warm  a  re- 
ception as  circumstances  would  allow,  and,  as  usual  with  him,  no  de- 
tail, however  insignificant  in  appearance,  was  neglected.  He  actually 
looked  to  everything  with  his  own  eyes,  and  always  took  care  to  give, 
himself,  verbally  or  otherwise,  all  the  instructions  necessary  to  the 
full  execution  of  his  orders. 

We  will  not  go  into  the  details,  extraordinary  as  they  are,  of  the 
defence  of  Charleston  against  the  powerful  fleet  that  so  long  assailed 
that  city.  But  we  may  be  permitted  to  assert,  without  much  fear  of 
contradiction,  that  it  was  a  marvellous  display  of  engineering  skill. 
The  incessant  labors  which  such  a  masterly  defence  required  did  not 
prevent  General  Beauregard  from  turning  his  attention  to  the  military 
operations  conducted  by  his  companions  in  arms  in  other  parts  of  the 
Confederacy.  For  instance,  he  suggested  to  General  J.  E.  Johnston, 
then  at  Jackson,  Mississippi,  that  by  concentrating  his  own  and  other 
forces  not  actively  engaged  at  the  time,  he  could  inaugurate  a  vigor- 
ous and  successful  campaign  into  Tennessee  and  Kentucky.  On  the 
15th  of  May,  1863,  he  drew  a  plan  of  operations  which  he  communi- 
cated to  General  J.  E.Johnston,  saying:  "These  views,  if  they  coin- 
cide with  yours  might  be,  if  not  already  done,  submitted  to  the  War 
Department." 


438  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

That  plan  was  extremely  brilliant — almost  dazzling.  It  consisted, 
as  recommended  on  previous  occasions,  in  the  concentration  of  all 
our  available  forces  on  the  defensive,  and  next,  in  the  execution  of 
rapid  and  offensive  movements.  It  would  at  least  have  relieved,  if  it 
had  accomplished  nothing  more,  the  State  and  Valley  of  Missisippi, 
by  marching  a  large  Confederate  army  into  Tennessee  and  Kentucky. 
Rosecrans's  corps  could  have  been  suddenly  attacked  and  crushed; 
Grant's  corps  might  have  had  his  communications  cut  off  and  would 
have  had  to  surrender,  or  cut  his  way  through  the  victorious  and  en- 
thusiastic hosts  that  encompassed  him.  Then  sufficient  forces  could 
have  been  spared  to  send  to  the  assistance  of  Kirby  Smith  in  Louis- 
iana, of  Price  in  Missouri,  and  back  to  Virginia,  to  reinforce  the 
troops  left  there,  should  they  have  been  pressed  by  the  enemy — a  con- 
tingency hardly  to  be  supposed,  considering  the  condition  of  our 
foes  in  that  State  after  their  terrible  defeat  at  Chancellorsville. 
Finally  the  navigation  of  the  Mississippi  could  have  been  resumed. 
New  Orleans  retaken  and  Banks's  army  captured.  These  possibili- 
ties presented  by  General  Beauregard  in  a  plan  which  must  be  ad- 
mitted to  have  been  graphically  drawn,  and  in  support  of  which 
plausible  reasons  were  alleged,  produced,  we  confess,  a  sort  of  verti- 
ginous effect  upon  our  mind.  We  could  not  prevent  the  results,  an- 
nounced with  such  faith,  from  rising  before  us  like  a  glorious  mirage. 
But  General  Lee,  instead  of  being  sent  to  Kentucky,  as  he  should 
have  been,  to  co-operate  with  our  other  forces,  was  ordered  into 
Pennsylvania,  and  the  disaster  of  Gettysburg  was  the  awful  conse- 
quence of  what  is  considered  by  many  as  an  egregious  mistake. 

General  Beauregard,  in  his  anxiety  for  the  fate  of  the  Confederacy, 
did  not  confine  his  attention  to  the  defence  of  Charleston  ;  his  mind 
glanced  over  a  much  broader  surface.  He  never,  as  much  as  possi- 
ble, lost  sight  of  our  military  movements,  wherever  they  were  ex- 
pected to  be  of  any  importance.  Thus,  on  the  7th  of  October,  1863, 
he  wrote  to  General  Bragg,  commanding  the  army  at  Chattanooga, 
Tennessee.  With  much  lucidity  he  laid  before  him  the  plan  of  a 
campaign,  and  predicted  what  would  follow  should  some  such  plan 
be  not  adopted.  With  remarkable  modesty  and  with  patriotic  dis- 
interestedness he  said  to  his  successor  and  friend  : 

"  Should  you  approve  of  this  plan,  can  you  not  address  it  as  your 
own  to  the  War  Department  in  the  hope  of  its  being  adopted?  What 
I  desire  is  our  success.  I  care  not  who  gets  the  credit  for  it.  Our 
resources  are  fast  getting  exhausted ;  our  people,  I  fear,  are  getting 
disheartened,  for  they  can  see  no  bright  spot  on  the  horizon  to  revive 


3Iilitary  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  439 

their  drooping  hopes  after  the  sacrifices  they  have  made  in  this  ter- 
rible contest.  Let  us  then  unite  all  our  efforts  in  a  last  deadly  strug- 
gle, and  with  God's  help  we  shall  triumph." 

As  usual,  that  new  plan  was  rejected,  as  the  others  had  been,  and 
it  is  remarkable  that  on  this  occasion,  as  on  the  preceding  ones,  all 
that  General  Beauregard  predicted  as  liable  to  happen,  in  case  of  the 
rejection  of  his  views,  took  place  almost  to  the  very  letter.  Could  it 
have  been  worse  if  his  plans  had  been  followed? 

On  the  8th  of  December,  1863,  General  Beauregard,  while  con- 
templating from  Charleston  the  military  situation  in  Virginia  and  the 
West,  where  disasters  were  following  disasters,  drew  at  the  request 
of  Pierre  Soule,  ex  Senator  of  Louisiana  in  the  Congress  of  the 
United  States,  a  comprehensive  plan  of  campaign,  which  the  latter 
desired,  if  it  were  possible,  to  submit  to  the  authorities  at  Richmond. 
In  that  communication  General  Beauregard  said  : 

"  The  system  hitherto  followed  of  keeping  in  the  field  separate 
armies,  acting  without  concert,  on  distant  and  divergent  lines  of 
operation,  and  thus  enabling  our  enemy  to  concentrate  at  conve- 
nience his  masses  against  our  fractions,  must  be  discontinued,  as 
radically  contrary  to  the  principles  of  the  art  of  war,  and  attended 
with  inevitable  results,  such  as  our  disasters  in  Mississippi,  Tennessee 
and  North  Georgia. 

"  We  must  arrange  for  a  sudden  and  rapid  concentration — upon 
some  selected,  decisive  point  of  the  theatre  of  war — of  enough  troops 
to  crush  the  forces  of  the  enemy  embodied  in  that  quarter.  This 
must  necessarily  be  done  at  the  expense  or  hazard,  for  the  time,  of 
other  points  less  important,  or  offering  less  advantages  to  strike  the 
enemy.  A  blow  thus  struck  must  effectually  disorganize  his  com- 
binations, and  will  give  us  the  choice  of  the  field  of  operations. 

"  I  am  sensibly  aware  of  our  limited  means,  our  want  of  men,  the 
materials  and  appliances  of  war  and  of  transportation,  and  hence  the 
difficulties  which  will  embarrass  us  in  the  execution  of  this  plan  of 
concentration.  But  I  see  no  way  to  success  except  through  and  by 
it,  and  nothing  but  ultimate  disaster  without  it.  A  different  course 
may,  indeed,  protract  the  contest,  which  will  become,  day  by  day, 
more  unequal.  We  may  fight  stoutly,  as  hitherto,  many  bloody  and 
undecisive  battles,  but  will  never  win  a  signal,  conclusive  victory, 
until  we  can  manage  to  throw  a  heavy  and  overwhelming  mass  of 
our  forces  upon  the  fractions  of  the  enemy,  and  at  the  same  time 
successfully  strike  at  his  communications  without  exposing  our  own. 

"Of  course  my  views  must  be  subject  to  such  modifications,  as  my 


440  Southern   Historical  Society  Papers. 

want  of  precise  information  relative  to  the  number  and  location  of 
our  troops  may  render  necessary.  The  hour  is  critical  and  grave.  I 
am  filled  with  intense  anxiety  lest  golden  opportunities  shall  be  lost 
forever.  It  is  concentration  and  immediate  mobility  that  are  indis- 
pensable to  preserve  us." 

The  plan,  although  hurriedly  drawn,  was  admirably  conceived,  and 
founded  on  the  principles  of  the  art  of  war.  The  onlv  question  was 
as  to  its  feasibility.  It  is  worthy  of  notice,  that  in  his  communication 
to  Soult^,  General  Beauregard  foresees,  with  the  clearness  of  a  true 
prophet,  that  Atlanta  is  the  objective  point  of  the  enemy,  and  pre- 
dicts the  consequences  that  would  and  did  ensue  should  the  enemy 
take  possession  of  that  strategic  point. 

This  plan  was  communicated  to  the  War  Department,  and  no 
action  taken  upon  it.  About  eleven  months  later  Atlanta  fell,  and 
the  Southern  Confederacy  was  mortally  wounded.  The  sword  of 
Sherman  had  gone  through  its  vital  parts.  Beauregard  had  pro- 
phesied correctly.  If  the  man-of-war  had  been  fanciful  in  his  mili- 
tary scheme  of  salvation,  the  prophet  had  not  erred  in  his  vaticina- 
tions. 

From  impregnable  Charleston,  under  his  command,  Beauregard 
was  removed  in  April.  1S64.  to  \'irginia,  with  headquarters  at  Peters- 
burg. While  at  that  city  he  proposed  a  plan  of  offensive  operations, 
which  was  opposed  by  General  Bragg,  military  adviser  to  the  Presi- 
dent. Among  the  arguments  used  bv  General  Beauregard  in  press- 
ing his  views,  we  remark  this  one:  "That,  if  successful,  the  stroke 
would,  in  all  probability,  teniiinate  the  war  :  while,  if  it  should  not  be 
successful,  the  end  to  which  the  Confederate  cause  was  hopelessly 
drifting,  unless  redeemed  by  some  early,  bold  and  decisive  success, 
would  only  come  sooner."  It  is  difficult  for  the  reader  not  to  be 
favorably  impressed  by  this  argument.  But  the  President  persisted 
in  his  refusal  to  acquiesce  in  the  views  of  the  General. 

The  want  of  time  and  space  does  not  permit  the  author  of  this 
essay  to  go  into  a  review  of  the  defence  ol  Petersburg,  protected  by 
fortifications  that  cavalry  could  ride  over,  and  by  ten  thousand  against 
ninety  thousand  men.  Sut^ioient  to  say  that  it  was  a  prodigy  of 
engineering,  generalship,  indomitable  endurance,  and  superb  tena- 
ciousness  of  will. 

From  Petersburg,  which  he  had  saved.  General  Beauregard  was 
ordered  to  take  the  command  of  what  was  called  the  Militarj'  Divi- 
sion of  the  West,  embracing  two  departments  respectively  under 
Generals  Hood    and   Taylor.     "He  knew,"    says   Colonel   Roman, 


Military  Operaticms  of  General  Beauregard.  441 

"that  he  was  not  superseding  General  Hood,  but  that  he  was  merely 
sent  to  him  as  an  adviser."  General  Hood,  however,  seems  to  have 
acted  very  little  in  concert  with  any  advice  from  General  Beaure- 
gard, and  the  plan  of  campaign  which  he  had  prepared,  when  carried 
into  execution,  ended  in  disaster  for  the  Confederacy  near  Nashville, 
in  Tennessee.  The  demoralized  army  became  disorganized  and  was 
rapidly  degenerating  into  a  rabble.  The  days  of  the  Confederacy 
were  numbered  and  it  was  easy  to  foresee  that  its  extinguishment  was 
near. 

On  the  ist  of  February,  1865,  Sherman  began  his  famous  march  to 
the  Atlantic  Ocean.  Beauregard  was  at  Augusta.  The  estimate 
of  the  forces  in  and  about  that  city  and  in  the  State  of  South  Caro- 
lina, was  33,450  demoralized  men,  only  one-half  of  them  available  at 
that  date.  It  was  the  ghost  of  an  army,  with  which  to  oppose  at 
least  58,000  disciplined  and  well  organized  troops  under  Sherman. 

It  was  then  that  General  Beauregard,  refusing  to  despair,  and  with 
a  fortitude  derserving  of  a  better  fate,  conceived  a  plan  by  which  he 
hoped,  late  as  it  was,  to  redeem  the  fortune  of  the  Confederacy,  and 
which  he  presented  to  President  Davis,  repeatedly  in  two  telegraphic 
dispatches.  He  advised  and  demonstrated  the  policy  of  promptly 
abandoning  all  those  cities  and  ports  which  he  knew  must  soon  fall  of 
their  own  weight,  and  for  whose  protection  troops  were  used  that 
could  be  better  employed  at  other  points.  But  no  attention  was  paid 
to  his  suggestions.  "The  government,"  says  Colonel  Roman,  "per- 
severed in  following  the  beaten  track,  and  preferred  fighting  the 
enemy's  superior  forces  with  disjointed  portions  of  our  own — thus 
reversing  the  essential  maxim  of  war:  to  command  success  concen- 
trate masses  against  fractions. 

This  plan  is  minutely  transcribed  in  Colonel  Roman's  book,  be- 
cause, as  he  says,  "of  its  strategic  value  and  entire  feasibility." 
He  further  remarks:  "It  was  indeed  unfortunate  that  the  War  De- 
partment and  Generals  Bragg  and  Hardee  did  not  understand  the 
wisdom  and  necessity,  at  this  juncture,  of  the  concentration  he  ad- 
vised. It  would  have  resulted  in  the  re-establishment  of  our  lines  of 
communication  and  depots  of  supplies,  and  in  the  eventual  relief,  if 
not  permanent  salvation  of  the  Confederate  capital." 

Acknowledging  our  incapacity  in  this  matter,  we  leave  to  compe- 
tent critics  the  task  to  pronounce  judgment  on  the  "  strategic  value 
and  entire  feasibility  "  of  the  plan  to  which  neither  the  government  nor 
Generals  Bragg  and  Hardee  gave  their  assent.  But  we  cannot  but 
admire  the  stoutness  of  a  heart  impervious  to  despair,  and  the  fer- 


442  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

tility  of  that  brain  which  to  the  very  last  was  teeming  with  strategic 
conceptions  of  striking  boldness.  In  the  days  of  ancient  Rome  such 
a  man  would  have  been  thanked  by  the  Senate  for  his  resolution  still 
to  continue  the  defence  of  what  looked  as  a  "lost  cause."  But  al- 
though he  had  not,  like  Varro,  lost  by  his  fault  the  battle  of  Cannae 
and  left  dead  on  the  battle  field  near  seventy  thousand  of  his  coun- 
trymen, yet  not  only  was  he  not  thanked  for  not  having  despaired  of 
the  Republic,  but  even  very  little  attention  was  paid  to  his  sugges- 
tions.    Was  it  because,  unlike  Varro,  he  was  not  liable  to  reproach  ? 

At  last  the  cataclism  arrived.  Charleston  was  evacuated,  Columbia 
burned,  and  nothing  had  been  done  by  those  who  had  rejected,  one 
after  another,  all  of  General  Beauregard's  plans  and  suggestions.  "  The 
wisdom  of  the  policy  advocated  by  General  Beauregard,  weeks  be- 
fore," says  Colonel  Roman,  "  was  clearly  demonstrated.  Had  our 
untenable  seaports  and  harbor  defences  and  even  the  Confederate 
capital  been  abandoned  in  time,  and  the  troops  occupying  them  with- 
drawn and  concentrated  at  or  about  Branchville,  South  Carolina,  rein- 
forced by  two  or  more  corps  from  the  army  of  Northern  Virginia,  a 
stand  could  have  been  made  by  which  Sherman's  invading  army,  then 
so  far  from  its  base — the  sea  coast — would  have  been  effectually 
checked  and  the  course  of  events  materially  changed.  As  it  was, 
place  after  place  fell  before  overpowering  numbers  and  the  junction 
of  General  Bragg's  forces  with  those  of  General  J.  E.  Johnston  was 
only  partially  effected  after  Schofield  had  united  his  forces  with  those 
of  Sherman." 

It  may  be  said  truly  that  the  last  effort,  a  spasmodic  one,  made  by 
the  Southern  Confederacy  in  its  agonies  of  death,  was  at  Bentonville, 
when  General  Joseph  E.  Johnston,  with  about  14,000  men,  struck,  on 
the  20ih  of  March,  1865,  a  vigorous  blow  on  the  flank  of  Sherman's 
army,  composed  of  at  least  60,000  men.  It  was  the  last  leaf  of  laurel 
gained  and  much  stained  with  bloodshed,  with  no  result  worthy  of 
the  sacrifice.  We  now  hasten  to  avert  our  eyes  from  the  painful  and 
humiliating  scenes  which  attended  the  end  of  our  civil  war.  But  be- 
fore dismissing  the  subject,  it  gratifies  us  to  say  that  Colonel  Roman 
shows  General  Beauregard  to  have  remained  equal  to  himself  to  the 
last ;  and  this  is  saying  much  ;  for  very  few  historical  characters  have 
remained  consistent  and  compact  from  the  begining  to  the  termina- 
tion of  their  career. 

Colonel  Roman  does  not  leave  us  unacquainted  with  the  feelings 
of  his  hero  when  retiring  into  the  shades  of  private  life  after  his  final 
struggle  in  favor  of  the  "Lost  Cause." 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  443 

"  General  Beauregard,"  he  says,  "  bitterly  reflected  on  General  Sher- 
man's long  and  slow  march  from  Atlanta  to  Savannah,  from  Savan- 
nah to  Goldsboro',  and  from  Goldsboro'  to  Raleigh,  a  distance  of 
650  miles,  which  it  had  taken  him  100  days,  or  an  average  of  six 
miles  a  day  to  accomplish.  He  knew  that  this  had  been  effected 
without  material  opposition,  because  of  want  of  forethought  on  the  part 
of  the  officers  of  the  War  Department,  from  whom  no  reinforcement 
could  be  obtained,  and  by  reason  of  whose  apathy  no  concentration 
could  be  made  at  any  point,  notwithstanding  his  repeated  and  urgent 
appeals.  And  what  added  keenness  to  his  regret,  was  the  recollection 
that  had  General  Hood  crossed  the  Tennessee  river  at  Gantersville, 
when  he  should  have  done  so,  he  would  have  had  ample  time  to  de- 
stroy the  scattered  Federal  forces  in  that  part  of  the  State,  take 
Nashville,  with  all  the  supplies  there  collected,  and  march  to  the 
Ohio  without  encountering  serious  obstacles.  Or,  possibly,  he  might, 
after  taking  Nashville,  have  crossed  the  Cumberland  mountains  and 
gone  to  form  a  junction  with  General  Lee,  so  as  to  strike  General  Grant 
before  General  Sherman  could  come  to  his  assistance  The  success 
of  either  movement  might  have  compelled  General  Sherman  to  fol- 
low the  Confederate  forces  into  Middle  Tennessee,  thus  showing  the 
correctness  of  General  Hood's  original  plan,  which,  though  badly 
executed,  was,  nevertheless,  undoubtedly  well  conceived." 

After  having  read  Colonel  Roman's  book  twice  with  minute  atten- 
tion, we  asked  ourself  what  impression  it  had  left  on  our  mind  as  to 
the  character,  the  talents,  and  military  career  of  General  Beauregard. 
Our  appreciation  we  give  here  for  what  it  is  worth.  It  has,  at  least,  the 
merit,  if  no  other,  of  sincerity,  impartiality,  and  conviction. 

The  moral  qualities  of  General  Beauregard  are  transparent,  and 
cannot  be  questioned — integrity,  high-mindedness,  magnanimity,  deli- 
cate sensitiveness  under  a  cold  exterior,  disinteredness,  and  a  chival- 
rous refinement  of  feelings,  to  which  we  may  add  self-abnegation  and 
self-sacrifice,  when  required  by  the  public  good.  We  are  not  sure 
that  we  might  not,  with  equal  proprietv,  extend  this  disposition  so  as 
to  embrace  his  usual  course  of  action  within  the  sphere  of  private  in- 
terests. 

As  a  military  man,  he  shows  himself  a  wonderful  organizer,  a  rare 
quahty,  so  much  appreciated  in  Carnot,  whom  Napoleon  called  the 
"  organizer  of  victories."  He  is  equally  skillful  in  the  attack  and  in 
the  retreat,  and  he  unites  in  his  person  what  is  seldom  found  together, 
the  genius  of  the  engineer  with  the  quick  and  comprehensive  con- 
ceptions of  the  strategist  in  the  field.     The  great  Conde  was  one  of 


444  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

those  to  whom  these  two  special  and  very  different  gifts  had  been 
granted  by  nature.  Beauregard's  sagacity  in  foreseeing,  as  if  by  in- 
tuition, the  intended  movements  of  the  enemy;  his  inexhaustible  fer- 
tility in  inventing  and  devising  plans  after  plans  to  meet  his  own  exi- 
gencies and  those  of  others  ;  his  ingenuity  in  gathering  means  of 
defence  or  offence,  his  indefatigable  attention  to  the  smallest  details, 
which  is  the  characteristic  of  great  commanders  ;  his  sleepless  capacity 
for  labor,  the  precision  and  lucidity  of  his  orders  and  military  corres- 
pondence, are  individual  traits  which  are  conspicuous.  He  also  pos- 
seses  that  magnetism  which  all  great  captains  have  exercised  on  their 
troops.  In  his  campaigns  he  combined  caution  with  dash,  boldness 
with  prudence  ;  a  boldness  which  he  thought  justified  by  the  hesita- 
tions and  timidity,  if  not  by  the  actual  incapacity,  of  the  enemy. 
Wherever  he  appeared  despondency  gave  way  to  encouragement. 
His  equals  in  command,  although  sometimes  differing  with  him,  would 
repeatedly  consult  him,  by  telegrams  or  otherwise,  on  the  propriety 
of  their  own  movements,  thereby  exhibiting  complete  reliance  on  his 
judgment  and  on  his  coup  d' osil,  embracing,  like  the  eagle's  eye,  an 
immensity  of  distance  and  a  variety  of  objects. 

From  the  beginning  to  the  end  of  the  Secession  War,  there  was 
an  irreconcilable  divergence  of  opinion  between  General  Beauregard 
and  the  Confederate  Government  as  to  the  policy  of  the  military 
operations  to  be  adopted.  Yielding,  probably  to  the  clamors  of 
localities,  and  to  the  pressure  of  other  exigencies  and  considerations, 
the  Government  endeavored  to  protect  every  portion  of  the  very 
extensive  area  of  the  Confederacy.  This  necessitated  a  scattering  of 
forces.  Beauregard  was  for  concentrating  all  the  vitality  of  the  Con- 
federate body  into  a  large  army,  which  would  have  made  short  the 
arbitrament  of  arms,  instead  of  its  being  prolonged.  Such  a  system 
might  have  been  successful,  and  if  not,  it  would  have  left  us  less 
exhausted  by  a  defeat  which  would  at  once  have  put  an  end  to  the 
conflict.  Unfortunately  it  continued  to  be  throughout  the  policy  of 
extension  against  concentration,  of  general,  permanent  and  indis- 
criminate retention  against  partial  and  temporary  abandonment.  But 
this  universal  would-be  protection  turned  out  to  be  universal  and 
absolute  ruin;  for,  as  we  have  said  in  the  first  pages  of  this  essay, 
nothing  can  be  more  surely  fatal  than  the  prolongation  of  the  strug- 
gle of  a  much  weaker  power  against  a  much  superior  one,  because, 
when  it  comes  to  bleeding,  a  giant  can  more  easily  afford  to  lose  one 
pint  of  blood  than  a  pigmy  one  single  drop. 

A  man,  like  Frederic  the  Great,  would  have  allowed  Richmond  to 


Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard.  445 

be  sacked  seven  times,  as  Berlin  was,  rather  than  not  concentrate 
every  man  and  every  resource  he  could  command  to  strike  inces- 
sandy  at  his  enemies  ;  for  he  was  not  much  inclined  to  the  defensive, 
when  the  contest  was  between  a  population  of  five  millions  against 
one  hundred  millions,  between  Prussian  poverty  and  the  compara- 
tively immense  wealth  of  his  adversaries  He  had  too  much  sense  in 
his  brain  and  too  much  steel  in  his  nerves  to  pursue  such  a  course. 
But  Frederic,  it  is  true,  had  the  advantage  of  being  a  despot,  with  no 
hand  but  his  own  to  hold  the  bridle  of  his  horse,  which  he  spurred  to 
victory  or  death  at  the  four  quarters  of  the  horizon,  according  to  his 
supreme  will;  and  Prussia  was  an  armed  and  disciplined  camp.  It 
was  all  sting.  But  would  Frederic  have  done  what  he  did  if  he  had 
been  the  fettered  President  of  a  Democratic  Republic,  dozmg  in  his 
Executive  arm-chair,  under  the  opiate  of  a  congressional  body,  and, 
instead  of  being  on  horseback  in  the  field  to  direct  everything  in  per- 
son, waiting  patiently  for  the  passage  of  laws  in  a  revolutionary  crisis, 
which  is  always  the  negative  of  all  law,  and  when  there  should  be  no 
other  legislation  than  that  of  the  sword  ?  Would  Napoleon  have 
achieved  his  stupendous  victories  if  he  had  been  compelled  to  sub- 
mit his  plans,  before  their  execution,  to  a  council  of  lawyers  in  Paris  ? 
The  Romans  knew  better.  In  perilous  times,  when  the  life  of  the 
Commonwealth  was  at  stake,  their  patrician  Senate  always  appointed 
a  dictator,  and  never  attempted  to  exercise  any  control  over  the  man 
upon  whom  they  had  imposed  such  immense  responsibility.  That 
dictator  always  saved  the  Republic. 

The  numerous  plans  of  campaigns  devised  by  General  Beauregard, 
and  minutely  described  by  Colonel  Roman  in  his  work,  seem  to 
have  been  considered  by  the  Government  either  as  too  bold,  too 
perilous,  or  too  deficient  in  feasibility.  "But,"  as  observes  Colonel 
Roman,  "  war  is  essentially  a  contest  of  chances,  and  he  who  fears  to 
encounter  any  risk,  seldom  accomplishes  great  results."  I  believe  it 
was  Frederic  who  said  to  his  officers,  assembled  around  him,  "  Gen- 
tlemen, in  front  of  us  are  the  Austrians.  They  are  in  an  impregnable 
position ;  they  are  two  to  one,  and  yet  I  am  going  to  attack  them  in 
violation  of  all  the  rules  of  war.  If  not  victorious,  you  will  see  me 
alive  no  more."  This  was  risky  enough;  but  this  man  of  iron  had 
no  cause  to  repent  of  his  temerity,  and  of  his  having  rashly  violated 
"  all  the  rules  of  war." 

Under  the  walls  of  Rocroy,  the  French,  commanded  by  Cond6, 
then  only  twenty-one  years  old,  met  the  famous  Spanish  infantry,  who 
had  been,  for  almost  a  century,  the  terror  of  Europe.     The  enemy 


446  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

was  superior  in  numbers,  in  discipline,  in  experience,  and  expected 
large  reinforcements  at  any  moment.  The  Prince  was  for  attacking 
without  loss  of  time,  and  he  did  so,  notwithstanding  the  opposition 
of  the  council  of  war,  who  thought  that  it  would  be  too  risky.  The 
battle  was  lost  twice  by  the  fault  of  subalterns  and  the  misconception 
of  orders,  and  twice  re-established  by  the  youthful  Commander.  But 
the  French  again  began  to  waver  and  to  retreat  slowly,  when  Conde 
by  a  manoeuvre,  which,  says  the  Duke  d'  Aumale,  "  had  never  been 
executed  before,  and  never  has  been  executed  since" — so  perilous  it 
was,  we  presume — completely  annihilated  the  Spanish  army,  and 
gained  the  first  of  that  series  of  victories  by  which  he  is  immortalized. 

We  do  not  share  the  opinion  of  those  who  think  that  General 
Beauregard  may  have  been  too  obtrusive  in  presenting  repeatedly  so 
many  plans  of  military  operations  to  the  Government,  and  in  insist- 
ing on  their  adoption  with  too  much  confidence  in  himself.  It  was 
his  duty,  if  he  was  convinced  that  his  views  were  correct.  His  con- 
duct is  not  without  numerous  precedents  in  history.  The  men  who 
have  accomplished  the  most  on  earth,  and  who  have  left  their  names 
imperishably  engraved  on  its  surface,  had  implicit  and  absolute  faith 
in  themselves,  next  to  God,  or  to  the  gods.  This  was  an  invariable 
characteristic  in  those  superior  beings.  Hence,  nothing  humbled  by 
disaster  and  the  unjust  disregard  of  men,  they  still  retained  on  their 
brows  the  imprint  of  dignity  from  an  abiding  faith  in  their  own  worth 
and  in  the  correctness  of  their  motives  and  designs.  This  is  not  the 
ignoble  vanity  or  foolish  imprudence  of  mediocrity.  It  is  the  con- 
sciousness of  the  possession  of  real  innate  powers,  of  self-relying 
genius,  whose  existence  cannot  be  destroyed  by  the  malignancy  of  the 
world,  although  its  light  may  be  kept  concealed  under  a  bushel  by 
the  mysterious  decree  of  adverse  fate. 

We  are  convinced,  after  reading  Colonel  Roman's  book,  that 
General  Beauregard  had  in  himself  the  faith  which  we  have  described 
in  others.  It  has  been  said,  "  that  true  modesty  exists  only  in  strong 
heads  and  great  souls;''  but  certainly  it  cannot  exclude  from  those 
"strong  heads  and  great  souls"  the  self-perception  of  what  they  are. 
General  Beauregard  undoubtedly  believed,  with  that  faith  which 
removes  mountains,  that  the  military  line  of  action  which  he  recom- 
mended to  the  Government,  if  adopted,  would  save  the  Confederacy. 
What  must  then  have  been  the  agonies  of  his  heart  when  he  saw  all 
his  plans  rejected,  and  a  system  of  warfare  pursued,  which,  in  his 
opinion,  would  lead  to  infallible  destruction!  Whether  he  was  right 
or  wrong  in  his  conceptions  and  recommendations  on  which  we  are 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  447 

not  competent  to  pass  judgment  ex  cathedra,  we  cannot  but  sym- 
pathise with  the  keenness  of  his  disappointment  and  the  honesty  of 
his  patriotic  grief.  With  such  a  deep-rooted  conviction  of  the  cor- 
rectness of  his  views,  it  is  perhaps  not  astonishing  that  he  attributed 
the  persistent  neglect  of  them,  and  the  treatment  which  he  thought 
he  received  in  other  respects,  to  personal  enmity"  from  the  Govern- 
ment which  he  was  anxious  to  serve  so  zealously.  We  leave  aside 
these  grievances,  whether  real  or  fancied,  as  not  coming  within  the 
scope  of  this  essay. 

Colonel  Roman's  "Military  Operations  of  General  Beauregard" 
is  an  important  work.  We  feel  personally  indebted  to  him  for 
the  information  which  we  have  derived  from  its  perusal.  The 
style  of  his  narrative,  bating  some  repetitions  which  might  have 
been  spared,  is  all  that  the  nature  of  his  composition  required. 
It  is  pure,  elegant,  lucid,  and  vigorously  descriptive  in  more 
than  one  page.  There  is  occasionally  some  pardonable  vivacity  of 
personal  feelings,  but  always  expressed  in  proper  and  dignified  lan- 
guage. He  has  done  full  justice  to  his  subject,  which  is  no  small 
achievement,  for  it  is  seldom  that  as  much  can  be  said  of  most 
writers.  If  his  impartiality  is  questioned  by  some,  we  believe  that  his 
evident  intention  to  be  just  will  be  acknowledged  by  all.  His  asser- 
tions and  appreciations  are  based  on  documents  which  he  puts  on 
record  as  judicial  evidence.  Henceforth,  of  our  civil  war,  it  will  be 
impossible  to  write  the  history  without  taking  this  valuable  contribu- 
tion to  it  into  the  most  serious  consideration. 

Charles  Gayarre. 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations. 

By  Gen.  T.  T.  Mlnfokd. 

Paper  No.  2. 

Battle  of  Winchester,  19TH  September,  '64. 

My  brigade  was  moved  hurriedly  from  the  right  over  to  the  left 
with  Bretherd's  old  battery,  and  taken  by  General  Fitz  Lee  across  the 
Red  Bud  Creek  to  relieve  the  heavy  pressure  upon  a  part  of  General 
Bradley  Johnson's  cavalry,  then  skirmishing  with  the  enemy.  John- 
son's troops  were  on  the  left  of  Evans'  infantry  brigade  of  Gordon's 
division.     We  were  dismounted,  and  became  engaged  very  quickly; 


448  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

but  a  few  well-directed  shots  from  our  horse  artillery  cleared  our 
immediate  front — General  Fitz.  Lee  taking  command  of  the  whole 
line,  Wickham  of  the  division,  I  had  the  brigade.  Our  battery  was 
moved  up  to  the  edge  of  a  piece  of  timber  ;  to  our  front  and  right 
was  an  open  plateau  extending  for  several  miles.  Our  battery  was 
sheltered  by  timber  on  our  left.  The  enemy's  batteries  were  firing 
obliquely  to  our  right  at  our  infantry  and  their  batteries  (Carter's 
and  Braxton's).  A  little  more  than  a  quarter  of  a  mile  to  our  right 
was  "Ash  Hollow,"  a  water  shed,  a  deep  ravine  in  which  the  enemy 
had  formed,  and  Rickett's  division  of  the  Sixth  corps,  and  Grover's 
division  of  the  Nineteenth  corps,  were  debouching  to  attack — this 
was  about  12  o'clock.  General  Fitz.  Lee  turned  his  artillery's  guns 
upon  this  body  of  the  enemy.  The  handling  of  our  six  guns  of 
horse  artillery  was  simply  magnificent  Strange  enough,  the  enemy's 
guns  did  not  respond  to  these.  Our  cannoniers  made  their  battery 
roar,  sending  their  death-dealing  messengers  with  a  precision  and 
constancy  that  made  the  earth  around  them  seem  to  tremble,  while 
their  shot  and  shell  made  lanes  in  this  mass  of  the  enemy  moving 
obliquely  to  their  right  to  attack  Evans'  brigade. 

General  Early  says  in  his  narrative  :  "  When  they  had  appeared 
within  musket  range  of  Braxton  and  Carter's  artillery,  and  were 
repulsed  by  the  cannister  from  their  batteries.  Battle's  brigade,  of 
Rodes'  division,  moved  forward  and  forced  the  enemy  back."  As 
they  went  back  over  the  same  ground  over  which  they  had  marched 
to  attack  in  great  disorder,  having  been  badly  broken  up,  our  battery, 
if  possible,  excelled  itself,  and  a  more  murderous  fire  I  never  wit- 
nessed than  was  plunged  into  this  heterogeneous  mass  as  they  rushed 
back.  We  could  see  the  track  of  the  shot  and  shell  as  they  would 
scatter  the  men,  but  the  lanes  closed  up  for  another  to  follow.  The 
field  was  strewn  with  their  dead  and  wounded  before  they  got  back 
from  whence  they  started. 

There  was  a  little  lull,  and  while  we  knew  only  a  part  of  their 
army  had  been  engaged,  yet  everything  looked  well  for  us ;  this  was 
about  I  P.  M.  A  courier  dashed  up  with  orders  for  me  to  move  the 
brigade  quickly  over  to  the  right  to  reinforce  Lomax.  Wilson's 
division  of  cavalry  had  massed  in  his  front  and  was  threatening. 
We  hurried  along,  passing  in  rear  of  our  infantry  line  of  battle, 
where  hundreds  of  our  wounded  and  dead  were  being  taken  to  Win- 
chester, E71  route  a  friend  told  me  General  R.  E.  Rodes  had  been 
killed.  Dear  friend  of  my  youth,  I  had  known  him  well  and  inti- 
mately at  the  Virginia  Military  Institute  "in  days  lang  syne."     "  No 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  449 

truer  knic^ht  ever  flashed  a  blade  or  responded  to  bugle's  note." 
A  costly  sacrifice  to  our  army.  And  later  in  the  evening,  when  we 
returned  to  the  left,  I  learned  that  Colonel  George  S.  Patton,  my 
roommate  for  two  years  and  classmate  at  the  V.  M.  I.,  had  also  been 
killed.  Like  a  chain  in  a  family  circle,  a  link  falls  out,  others  may 
come  and  take  their  seats ;  the  missing  link  can  never  be  forged 
again  ;  that  gap  cannot  be  filled  up. 

On  we  move  to  join  Lomax,  near  Abram's  Creek,  to  the  right  of 
the  Berryville  pike.  The  enemy's  battery  welcomed  us  with  shell, 
making  our  approach  to  Lomax  in  an  open  field  very  uncomfortable, 
and,  as  usual,  some  good  men  and  horses  went  down  under  their 
fire.  It  is  a  grand  sight  to  see  masses  of  troops  with  glittering 
sabres  or  bayonets,  and  banners  and  guidons  streaming  ;  but  the  crack- 
ing, screaming  and  bursting  of  shells  from  the  enem3''s  guns,  over 
the  heads  of  cavalry,  and  occasionally  dropping  in  their  midst,  is 
never  agreeable.  I  dismounted  all  the  men  I  could  spare  from  the 
led  horses.  They  quickly  collected  all  of  the  loose  rock  and  rails 
near  by,  and  in  an  astonishingly  short  time  my  men  were  stretched 
behind  them,  willing  to  take  the  chances.  (Rock  piles  were  very 
effective  against  carbine  balls,  but  when  a  cannon  ball  and  shell  hit  a 
rock  pile  it  generally  cleared  02it  all  behind  it.)  Then,  as  it  often 
happened,  when  we  felt  about  fixed,  another  courier  came,  in  great 
haste,  for  me  to  move  the  brigade  back  to  the  left,  as  Averill  and 
Torbert  were  coming  in  on  the  Martinsburg  road,  and  had  overpow- 
ered our  small  force  of  cavalry,  and  were  seriously  threatening  our 
infantry,  who  had  to  change  front  to  rectify  our  lines.  To  withdraw 
in  the  face  of  the  enemy  is  always  fraught  with  difficulties  and  dan- 
gers. It  is  certain  to  draw  their  fire  with  greater  energy  from 
their  batteries,  and  is  very  apt  to  make  them  advance  at  once. 
Orders  must  be  obeyed  ;  the  men  would  rather  have  remained  and 
taken  their  chances,  but  back  we  must  go.  The  men  holding  the 
horses  were  glad  enough  to  see  the  command  preparing  to  come  and 
mount,  for  they  had  been  shifting  constantly  to  keep  from  the  range 
of  the  enemy's  artillery,  who  were  constantly  feeling  for  them.  We 
had  to  get  back  slowly,  allowing  Lomax  gradually  to  extend  his  old 
lines,  and  to  relieve  my  men  quietly,  so  as  not  to  attract  the  enemy's 
attention.  When  everything  was  ready,  back  we  went  to  mount,  and 
soon  had  shell  from  the  same  battery  shrieking  after  us.  Out  we 
moved,  and  met  courier  after  courier,  telling  me  to  hurry  up.  Off 
we  went  at  a  trot,  and  when  we  reached  the  left  things  looked  very 
ugly  for  us.     General  John  C.  Breckenridge  and  his  staff  were  exert- 

0 


450  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ing  themselves  to  rectify  our  infantry  lines.  We  could  see  our  cav- 
alry were  moving  up  to  meet  a  very  large  force  who  were  coming 
down  the  pike.  Two  divisions  of  cavalry,  Averill's  and  Torbert's, 
were  now  just  ahead  and  in  sight.  Averill  had  sent  a  mounted 
regiment  to  take  Fort  Hill,  to  the  north  of  Winchester,  and 
a  very  commanding  position  to  the  west  of  the  pike.  General  Early 
had  no  idea  of  allowing  him  to  hold  it,  as  that  covered  the  pike 
below,  and  sent  orders  to  me  to  take  it  and  hold  it.  Up  the 
hill  we  went  and  at  them,  followed  by  two  guns  of  our  horse  artil- 
lery. We  drove  them  from  the  hill,  ran  the  two  pieces  in  the  fort, 
dismounted  the  First,  Second  and  Fourth  Virginia  cavalry,  giving 
the  Third  Virginia  the  protection  of  the  led  horses,  and  we  had  just 
gotten  well  into  the  fort  when  Averill  charged  to  recapture  it;  but 
we  gave  them  a  rough  welcome,  and  sent  them  back  faster  than  they 
came  up.  A  second  charge  was  made  with  the  same  result,  during 
which  time  our  two  guns  had  been  doing  splendid  service.  They 
had  opened  with  such  precision  upon  the  cavalry  below  that  it 
checked  them.  Looking  below  to  our  right  we  could  see  our  infantry 
falling  back  rapidly  and  in  some  disorder,  and  our  little  battery  was 
now  to  catch  it.  Three  of  the  enemy's  batteries  from  below  opened 
upon  us  with  a  terrific  fire.  I  ordered  our  guns  to  retire;  they  lim- 
bered up  and  had  moved  out,  when  a  shell  from  the  enemy's  battery 
took  off  the  head  of  one  of  our  cannoniers.  Sergeant  Hawley,  in 
charge  of  that  piece,  stopped  it,  and  as  it  was  shotted,  unlimbered 
and  fired  it  while  the  dead  man  was  being  strapped  on  the  limber- 
chest,  and  then  moved  off.  A  cavalry  regiment  charged  us  again 
feebly,  but  were  repulsed.  From  my  position  I  saw  General  Sher- 
idan's army  form  in  the  plateau  below  us  to  the  right,  and  looking  to 
the  southeast  I  could  distinctly  see  Wilson's  division  of  cavalry. 
Why  this  great  body  of  horse  were  not  hurled  upon  General  Early's 
army  is  a  mystery  to  me  ;  why  they  did  not  run  over  my  brigade  is 
incomprehensible !  I  retired  to  the  southwest  through  the  outskirts 
of  Winchester,  but  was  not  pressed,  and  when  I  arrived  at  Mill 
Creek,  one  mile  south  of  Winchester,  where  I  supposed  we  would  be 
in  the  ugliest  kind  of  a  place,  I  got  at  within  one  hundred  yards  of 
Wilson's  command  before  they  saw  us.  I  charged  and  drove  those 
off  in  front  of  us.  We  exchanged  a  few  shots  and  moved  on  and 
joined  General  Early  at  New  Town.  Our  battery  at  the  fort  had 
done  magnificent  execution.  Was  it  that  our  cavalry  were  in  the 
fort  dismounted  that  Sheridan  could  not  get  at  us  ?  Is  not  this  a 
singular  fact  ?     General  Early  says  "  that  Wickham's  brigade  covered 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  451 

Ramseur's  division,  the  only  organized  command  in  his  infantry;  yet 
in  that  manoeuvre  Ramseur  had  held  in  check  Wilson's  division, 
and  my  little  brigade  was  the  only  force  between  Ramseur  and  Ave- 
rill  and  Torbert;  thus  their  three  divisions  of  11,000  cavalry  :  in- 
deed more  mounted  men  by  double  than  Early  had  organized  in  the 
field,  and  yet  they  let  us  get  away.  They  did  not  even  press  us. 
Let  the  military  student  take  Pond's  book  and  maps  and  see  the 
battle-field  and  compare  it  with  Early's  narrative,  and  decide  this 
matter  in  his  own  mind. 

RETREAT  UP  THE  LURAY  VALLEY. 

That  night  General  Wickham  sent  my  Brigade,  that  is  the  First. 
Second  and  Fourth  Regiments  (he  retained  the  Third  Virginia  and 
the  Battery)  to  Front  Royal,  to  picket  and  guard  the  approaches  from 
Winchester,  so  as  to  cover  the  Luray  Valley  road.  I  moved  then, 
and  was  ready  for  the  enemy  at  the  three  fords,  and  when  they  ad- 
vanced at  dawn  we  gave  them  a  warm  reception.  My  Brigade  exe- 
cuted a  manoeuvre  in  tactics,  which  was  a  sharp  test  of  the  skill  of  its 
ofiicers  and  the  gallantry  of  its  magnificent  men.  They  had  to  pass 
three  defiles  from  right  to  rear  and  left,  in  the  face  of  a  full  division, 
flushed  with  the  victory  of  the  day  before,  and  they  did  it  success- 
fully, with  a  loss  of  about  ten  or  twelve  men  in  killed  and  wounded, 
after  a  four  hours'  fight  I  record  it  with  pride,  but  give  the  glory  to 
the  privates  who  obeyed  orders  and  executed  them  with  magnificent 
spirit,'  well  knowing  the  odds  against  them. 

Had  Sheridan  shown  any  enterprise  this  magnificent  body  of 
heroes  could  have  been  hurried  that  night  of  the  battle  of  Winchester 
up  the  Luray  Valley  pike,  and  the  doom  of  Early's  army  was  inevi- 
table ;  indeed,  Early's  army  should  never  have  been  allowed  to  go  to 
Mill  Creek  the  day  of  that  battle. 

At  Front  Royal  there  are  three  principal  crossings  or  fords.  The 
Shenandoah  river  runs  east  and  the  pike  to  Winchester  cuts  it  at 
right  angles.  The  Fourth  Virginia  was  on  the  left  of  my  line,  the 
Second  Virginia  in  the  centre  on  the  main  Winchester  pike,  and  the 
First  Virginia  on  the  lower  ford  on  the  extreme  right.  Our  line 
reached  about  one-half  mile,  and  our  line  of  retreat  was  from  right  to 
left,  and  up  the  Luray  pike.  The  loss  of  the  ford  held  by  the  Fourth 
or  Second  would  of  course  cut  the  First  Virginia  or  Second  Virginia 
off  from  that  line.  The  Fourth  and  Second  were  instructed,  when 
dismounted,  to  hold  at  all  hazards  until  the  First  could  be  withdrawn, 


452  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

then  the  Second  and  Fourth  would  retire.     We  had  fortified  as  cav- 
alry generally  do, but  the  infantry  had  ''fixed''  the  fords  for  their  use. 
At  early  dawn  Wilson's  division  moved  up  the  Winchester  pike  and 
made  a  dash  at  the  ford,  but  were  repulsed.     Fortunately  for  us,  a 
very  heavy  fog  had  settled  over  the  river.     One  could   not  see  fifty 
steps  ahead,  but  could  hear  everything.     A  second  attempt  was  made 
to  charge  and  carry  this  ford,  but  they  were  in  turn  repulsed  ;  in- 
deed, the  pickets  kept  up  such  a  fusilade  that  Wilson  dismounted  a 
considerable  force  and  tried  to  drive  them  off.    That  did  not  succeed. 
He  then  sent  to  the  other  fords,  hoping  to  carry  them  and  sweep  up 
the  river  and  come  in  the  rear  of  the  Second,  forcing  the  First.   After 
some  sharp  skirmishing  they  fell  back  up  the  river  on  the  Second 
Virginia.     They    were    placed,    supported    by   the    reserve   of    the 
Second,    and    when    the    head    of    the    enemy's    column    arrived 
opposite   to    my  men — we   could   hear  their    commands,    but    they 
could   not   see    us— Captain    C.    F.  Jordan,    of    the    First   Virginia, 
charged  with  his  squadron,   backed  by    Lieutenant    R.    C.  Wilson, 
of   the   Second    Virginia,    with    his,    and    scattered    the    head    of 
the  enemy's  column.     The  reserve  of  the  Second  held  its  position 
while  Capt.  John  O.  Lasslie,  of  the  Second,  moved  up  to  relieve  the 
dismounted  men  of  the  Third,  Capt.  Jesse  Irvine's  squadron.    (They 
had  been  receiving  a  concentrated  fire  from  the  enemy's  main  column, 
who  had  hoped  to  hold  these  men  until  their  people  could  take  them 
in  the  rear.)     Capt.  Lasslie' s  mounted  squadron  was  accompanied  by 
the  led  horses  of  Capt.  Irvine's  squadron.     The  enemy's  fire  was 
very  severe  and  Capt.  Lasslie  and  two  of  his  men  were  killed,  hold- 
ing the  ford  while  the  dismounted  men  ran  out  and  mounted.     Dis- 
playing Irvine's  company  mounted,  we  fell  back.     In  the  meantime 
the  sun  was  well  up  and  the  fog  was  fast  disappearing ;  and  up  and  at 
us  moved  two  columns  that  had   been  attacked    by  Jordan.     The 
Fourth  Virginia  were  being  pressed  and  we  moved  back  and  joined 
them.     By  this  time  the  fog  was  gone,  and  our  little  handful  was  in 
full  view  of  Wilson's  division,  now  crossing  in  force.     Wickham  had 
come  up  and  was  waiting  at  the  mouth   of  the   Luray  Valley  road 
with  Payne's  Brigade,  the  Third  Virginia,  and  Brethead's  battery  of 
horse  artillery.    We  fell  back  up  the  Luray  Valley,  skirmishing  all  the 
way.     Some  several  weak  charges  were  attempted  by  the  enemy,  but 
without  any  real  advantages  to  them  or  loss  to  us.     Wickham  moved 
back  to  Gorny  Run  and  formed  his  line,  and  there  remained  for  the 
day  and  night.     There  were  the  cavalry  "  in  poor  condition  "  which 
Sheridan  had  so  guilelessly  said  "  he  could  not  get  at."    This  trouble 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  453 

seemed  to  have  followed  him  until  our  great  disaster  at  Tom's 
Brook,  where  by  Rosser's  rashness  we  were  entrapped,  and  lost 
more  in  that  one  fight  than  we  had  ever  done  before,  in  all  of  our 
fights  together.     (I  refer  to  material,  not  men.) 

On  page  176,  Pond's  book,  we  find  the  following  : 

"The  night  of  the  21st  he  sent  this  dispatch  (Sheridan  to  Grant;. 
'  Gen.  Wilson's  cavalry  division  charged  the  enemy  at  Front  Royal 
pike  this  morning  and  drove  them  from  Front  Royal  up  the  Luray 
Valley  for  a  distance  of  six  miles.  I  directed  two  brigades  of  the 
First  Cavalry  Division,  with  General  Wilson's  division,  to  follow  the 
enemy  up  the  Luray  valley  and  to  push  them  vigorously.'  " 

Pond  says,  page  178  :  "  Unfortunately  Torbert  did  not  succeed  in 
driving  Wickham's  cavalry  from  its  strong  defensive  position  at  Mill- 
ford,  and  hence  the  portion  of  Sheridan's  plan  which  contemplated 
cutting  off  the  enemy's  retreat  by  seizing  the  pike  at  New  Market 
was  not  carried  out. 

"On  the  2ist  Torbert  had  moved  through  Front  Royal  into  the 
Luray  Valley  with  the  divisions  of  Merritt  and  Wilson,  excepting 
Devins's  brigade  of  Merritt' s  division,  which  had  been  left  to  guard 
the  rear  of  the  army  at  Cedar  Creek.  He  found  Wickham,  with  his 
own  and  Payne's  brigades,  posted  on  the  south  side  of  Gorny  Run. 
At  2  A.  M.  of  the  22d  Custer's  brigade  was  sent  back  across  the 
South  Fork  with  orders,  says  Torbert,  to  march  around  the  enemy's 
flank  to  his  rear,  as  he  seemed  too  strong  to  attack  in  front ;  but 
Torbert,  on  moving  forward  at  daylight,  found  the  enemy  had 
retreated  to  a  still  stronger  position  on  the  south  side  of  Millford 
creek,  with  his  left  on  the  Shenandoah  and  his  right  on  a  knob  of 
the  Blue  Ridge,  occupying  a  short  and  compact  line.  The  banks  of 
the  creek  seemed  to  Torbert  too  precipitous  for  a  direct  attack,  and 
'  not  knowing,'  he  says,  '  that  the  army  had  made  an  attack  at 
Fisher's  Hill,  and  thinking  that  the  sacrifice  would  be  too  great  to 
attack  without  that  knowledge,  I  concluded  to  withdraw  to  a  point 
opposite  McCoy's  Ford.'  On  the  23d  Wilson  crossed  McCoy's 
Ford,  and  Merritt  went  back  through  Front  Royal,  where  he  skir- 
mished with  Mosby  during  the  afternoon.  '  News  was  received  of 
the  victory  at  Fisher's  Hill  and  directions  to  make  up  the  Luray 
Valley.'  Both  divisions  at  once  moved  forward  and  bivouacked  at 
Millford  creek,  which  the  enemy  had  evacuated." 

Note.— [Sheridan  to  Grant]  September  23d  :  "  Its  operations  [the 
cavalry]  up  the  Luray  Valley,  on  which  I  calculated  so  much,  was 
an  entire  failure.     They  were  held  at  Millford  by  two  small  brigades 


454  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

of  Fitz,  Lee's  division,  and  then  fell  back  towards  Front  Royal,  until 
after  they  learned  of  our  success  at  Fisher's  Hill.  Had  they  been 
able  to  move  the  day  before  across  the  South  Fork  through  Massa- 
nutten  Gap,  a  powerful  body  of  horse  would  have  been  in  the  rear 
of  the  enemy  upon  their  line  of  retreat ;  but  Early  was  fully  alive  to 
this  danger  and  had  guarded  against  it  with  Wickham's  force." 

A  powerful  body  of  horse  were  held  by  two  small  brigades  whom 
Sheridan  has  already  said  he  could  not  get  at,  and  that  they  were  in 
a  poor  condition  ! 

On  page  igo  Pond  says  :  "  After  the  cavalry  action  at  Millford  on 
the  22d,  Early  had  sent  in  haste  for  a  brigade  of  Wickham's  force 
to  join  him  at  New  Market,  through  the  Massanutten  Gap.  Torbert 
fell  upon  the  other  brigade,  Payne's,  drove  it  from  Millford,  com- 
pelled it  to  retreat  again  near  Luray,  Custer  capturing  about  seventy 
prisoners  ;  thence  crossing  through  the  Massanutten  Gap  to  New 
Market,  he  proceeded  up  the  pike  to  Harrisonburg,  while  Powell's 
cavalry  had  gone  forward  to  Mount  Crawford." 

These  are  the  facts  according  to  my  recollection. 

The  morning  after  General  Early's  retreat  from  Fisher's  Hill,  he 
sent  for  a  brigade  of  Wickham's  command.  When  that  order  came 
two  divisions  of  the  enemy's  "  powerful  horse"  were  active  and  demon- 
strating in  our  front,  hoping  to  do  what  Sheridan  had  S7iggesied  znd  or- 
dered, and  which  they  should  and  could  have  done  had  they  been  willing 
to  make  the  costly  "  sacrifice  "  to  accomplish  it.  The  idea  of  two  divis- 
ions, six  thousand  strong,  of  magnificently  mounted  cavalry,  allowing 
two  skeleton  brigades  and  a  battery  "  in  poor  condition"  to  hold  them 
for  three  days,  needs  no  commentary.  When  our  cavalry  was  in  con- 
dition, General  J.  E.  B.  Stuart  carried  it  wherever  General  R.  E.  Lee 
sent  him,  and  left  very  few  of  them  behind.  The  cavalry  that  Sher- 
idan had  should  have  been  able  to  go  from  one  end  of  Virginia  to 
the  other  at  will,  and  would  have  gone  had  Hampton  had  them  !  I 
have  digressed.  Wickham  left  me  in  command  and  went  in  person 
to  see  General  Early,  across  the  mountain.  In  his  route  he  met 
couriers,  and  sent  them  to  me  to  move  with  my  brigade  and  join 
him  ;  but  Torbert  was  now  very  active,  and  doing  his  best  to  move 
my  command.  I  knew,  with  his  numbers,  if  he  once  got  us  started, 
I  could  do  nothing,  and  determined  to  hold  the  advantage  I  now  pos- 
sessed, and  replied  to  Wickham  by  the  same  couriers  that  it  would 
not  be  safe  to  General  Early ;  that  Early  could  not  know  what  was 
in  our  front,  and  that  I  would  not  move  under  present  pressure ;  that 
as  long  as  we  could  hold  this  part  of  the  enemy's  cavalry.  Early  was 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  455 

safe.  Torbert,  running  out  his  artillery,  commenced  a  furious  shelling, 
which  our  battery  answered  with  vigor.  His  men  demonstrated 
heavily  in  front  of  Payne,  whose  men  were  at  the  bridge,  and  they 
moved  up  in  our  front  as  if  they  intended  to  assault  my  lines.  Payne 
repulsed  those  in  front  of  him,  and  our  rifles  opened  from  behind 
stumps,  rocks,  and  rail  piles  and  trees  witli  such  a  ringing  fire,  back 
they  all  went.  This  was  being  kept  up  so  long  I  began  to  suspect 
something,  and  sent  Captain  Thomas  Whitehead,  of  Company  E, 
Second  Virginia  cavalry,  to  my  extreme  right  with  a  scout,  who  soon 
notified  me  by  courier  that  a  considerable  force  (he  thought  a  brigade) 
were  making  around  across  the  mountain  to  turn  our  position.  My 
line  had  already  been  stretched  to  its  greatest  tension ;  our  led  horses 
had  consumed  one-fourth  of  the  command.  I  was  in  conversation 
with  Major  Brethead  when  this  information  was  brought  me ;  I  asked 
him  if  he  felt  safe  with  his  battery,  if  I  moved  the  squadron  in  his 
front,  and  over  whose  heads  his  guns  were  firing  ?  He  smiled  and 
said  :  "If  'Billy'  (Colonel  Payne)  can  hold  that  bridge — and  it  looks 
like  he  is  going  to  do  it — I'll  put  a  pile  of  cannisler  near  my  guns, 
and  all  h — 1  will  never  move  me  from  this  position.  I'll  make  a  hori- 
zontal shot  turn  in  full  blast  for  them  to  come  through  ;  you  need  not 
be  afraid  of  my  guns."  Just  then  the  enemy  repeated  their  feint 
again.  I  withdrew  Captain  Strother,  of  the  Fourth  Virginia,  with  his 
squadron,  and  gave  him  the  buglers  of  the  First,  Second  and  Fourth 
regiments,  and  directed  him  to  move  his  men,  dismounted,  quickly 
on  the  ridge  parallel  to  the  ravine  in  the  woods  the  enemy  were 
working  around  to  get  down  behind  us,  this  squadron  to  be  deployed 
at  about  fifteen  paces  interval,  and  the  buglers  to  be  in  their  rear 
about  regimental  distance  apart,  with  orders  that  whenever  my  head- 
quarters' bugle  sounded  the  advance  they  were  to  echo  the  same 
notes,  one  following  the  other.  This  little  ruse  acted  just  as  I  hoped. 
They  had  hardly  gotten  to  the  point  before  Whitehead's  rifles  could 
be  heard  falling  back.  When  these  troops  arrived  opposite  Strother, 
his  rifles  opened  sharply  ;  I  had  the  bugle  for  the  advance  sounded, 
and  it  was  responded  to  in  turn  by  the  other  three.  The  echo  up  the 
crags  and  cliffs  pealed  and  reverberated  ;  on  our  sharpshooters  moved, 
and  at  the  second  blast  from  the  bugles  back  started  this  column.  As 
some  of  my  men  were  now  in  their  rear  and  on  their  flank,  back  they 
went  in  a  hurry.  Torbert  continued  to  be  active  until  Custer  re- 
turned, when  they  withdrew  and  went  back  to  Front  Royal,  as  has 
already  been  described  by  Pond.  Finding  that  they  had  withdrawn, 
I  withdrew,   leaving  Colonel  Payne  with  his  brigade.     (^At  that  time 


456  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Payne  was  the  Colonel  of  the  Fourth  Virginia  cavalry  of  my  brigade, 
detailed  to  command  Lomax's  old  brigade.  Later  Payne  was  com- 
missioned Brigadier-General,  and  for  gallant  services  which  had 
been  well  won,  given  that  brigade.)  I  movd  back  with  my  brigade 
to  join  Wickham,  whom  I  met  at  the  gap  at  the  top  of  the 
mountain.  It  was  then  too  late  to  get  to  Early,  as  his  infantry 
had  passed  New  Market.  We  could  see  that  he  was  retiring  in 
line  of  battle,  and  Sheridan  following  him  in  line.  Wickham  was 
much  excited,  and  wanted  to  know  "  why  I  had  not  promptly  obeyed 
his  orders."  He  had  been  momentarily  expecting  me  to  join  him, 
and  as  the  enemy  were  getting  too  close  to  New  Market  for  us  to 
gain  that  place,  he  was  uneasy  lest  we  be  caught  up  on  the  mountain. 
Explaining  what  had  occurred,  he  promptly  accepted  it  as  the  best 
that  could  have  been  done  under  the  circumstance,  especially  as  the 
enemy  had  retired. 

We  countermarched,  and  moved  back  down  the  mountain  and  turned 
up  towards  Luray,  having  gone  a  mile  or  more,  when  couriers  came 
dashing  up,  saying  the  enemy  had  returned  in  force  and  had  run 
over  Payne's  little  command,  and  that  he  was  being  pressed.  For- 
tunately for  Payne,  he  was  able  to  get  back  beyond  the  road  that 
passed  through  the  Massanutten  Gap,  which  the  enemy  was  now 
making  for.  Their  main  body  pushed  over  that  route,  and  only  a 
part  of  it  followed  us.  We  halted  and  had  some  skirmishing,  but  no 
serious  engagement.  We  had  been  continuously  engaged  since  the 
battle  of  Winchester,  our  wagons  had  gone  up  the  main  Staunton 
pike  with  General  Early's  train,  and  we  were  getting  very  short  of 
ammunition  and  had  been  pinched  for  rations  for  men  and  horses  ; 
yet  our  men  were  cheerful  and  ready  and  willing  to  do  all  that  in 
them  lay.  On  the  25th  we  moved  up  to  near  Port  Republic,  where 
we  joined  General  Early.  There  we  again  met  the  enemy's  cavalry, 
and  with  them  had  some  sharp  skirmishing.  General  Early  was  now 
expecting  reinforcements. 

FIGHT   AT   WAYNESBORO*. 

On  the  28th  they  had  arrived,  and  he  was  now  ready  again  to 
take  the  offensive,  and  sent  me  across  the  South  Fork  of  the 
Shenandoah  river  over  towards  the  Staunton  pike.  General  Gor- 
don's infantry  followed.  We  found  the  position  of  the  enemy, 
and  from  where  we  were  we  could  see  the  enemy's  artillery  in 
park  in  the  direction  of  and  near  Weir's  Cave.     I   placed  two  of 


Reminiscences  of  Cavalry  Operations.  457 

our  guns  in  position  to  open  on  this  part  of  their  artillery  which 
was  now  expecting  our  approach  and  was  moving  around  to  get 
in  a  piece  of  woods  to  attack.  General  Wickham  arriving  after 
we  had  started,  ordered  our  guns  to  open  before  we  had  gotten  near 
enough  to  accomplish  anything,  and  the  first  shot  from  that  gun  had 
about  the  same  effect  that  a  stick  in  the  hands  of  a  mischievous  boy, 
near  enough  to  stir  up  a  nest  of  wasps,  would  have  had  :  they 
swarmed  out  and  very  soon  were  ready  for  us.  Moving  over  to  the 
Staunton  pike,  we  soon  learned  that  Wilson's  division  and  Lowell's 
brigade  had  been  sent  to  Staunton  and  Waynesboro'  to  destroy  the 
iron  railroad  bridge  at  the  latter  place.  General  Wickham  ordered 
me  to  move  with  my  brigade  to  Waynesboro'  and  attack,  saying 
General  Pegram's  brigade  would  follow  me.  Captain  McClung's 
company  of  the  First  Virginia  regiment  came  from  this  county — 
Augusta.  I  moved  up  to  within  half  a  mile  of  the  enemy's  pickets 
facing  down  the  Valley,  the  direction  they  would  expect  us,  and 
making  a  detour  by  a  blind  road  used  years  before  for  the  hauling  of 
charcoal,  passing  in  and  around  the  foot-hills ;  this  brought  me  out 
about  a  quarter  of  a  mile  from  the  mouth  of  the  tunnel  through  the 
mountain,  and  between  it  and  the  railroad  bridge,  upon  which  the 
enemy  were  at  work. 

Two  companies  of  boys  and  reserves  from  Staunton  and  Waynes- 
boro, with  a  battery,  had  fallen  back  in  front  of  Wilson's  command 
to  the  mouth  of  the  tunnel.  Their  pieces  had  been  withdrawn  to  the 
top  of  the  mountain.  I  sent  a  scout  forward,  who  cut  off  the  enemy's 
vidette  and  captured  it.  We  had  to  wait  a  little  time  for  our  artillery 
to  come  up.  The  blind  road  was  filled  with  fallen  trees  and  logs,  but 
that  splendid  battery  could  tollow  the  cavalry  anywhere,  and  over- 
come any  reasonable  obstacle.  When  well  up,  the  First  Virginia 
cavalry  was  dismounted  and  sent  down  the  Chesapeake  and  Ohio 
railroads  towards  Waynesboro  and  the  bridge  over  the  Shenandoah. 
The  Fourth  Virginia,  mounted,  was  ordered  to  charge  the  enemy's 
reserve  picket.  Capt.  Johnston,  commanding  the  battery  (a  gallant 
officer),  was  ordered  to  move  up  at  a  trot  and  occupy  an  elevated 
piece  of  ground  with  his  guns,  while  the  Third  and  Second,  dis- 
mounted, supporting  it  and  the  Fourth  Virginia.  They  were  all 
pushed  over  across  the  Charlottesville  and  Staunton  pike,  south  of 
and  parallel  with  the  railroad.  This  was  promptly  executed,  and  im- 
mediately after  the  move  was  started,  the  enemy  started  back. 
(Coming  in  behind    their   picket   from  the  opposite  direction   from 


458  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

which  we  were  expected  was  a  complete  surprise,  which  advantage  I 
pressed,  and  was  heartily  seconded  by  the  whole  command.  Prison- 
ers captured  told  me  they  supposed  it  was  Hampton's  command, 
from  Gen.  Lee's  army,  as  we  had  come  from  the  direction  of  Char- 
lottesville, and  they  had  heard  that  morning  that  General  Early  had 
been  reinforced  from  Richmond).  Captain  Johnson's  battery  was 
handled  with  great  skill.  He  opened  on  the  working  party  attempt- 
ing to  pull  the  bridge  to  pieces  with  splendid  effect.  They  scattered 
and  started  back  at  a  run,  and  as  long  as  there  was  a  mark  to  fire  at, 
east  of  Waynesboro,  his  guns  blazed  at  it.  Arriving  at  the  river,  the 
First,  Second  and  Third  were  mounted,  but  the  Fourth  had  pushed 
on,  and  had  some  sharp  skirmishing  in  the  town  before  the  other 
regiments  came  up.  Upon  their  arrival  we  soon  cleared  the  town, 
and  Johnson's  battery  took  position  on  the  west  end  and  was  having 
a  sharp  duel  with  the  enemy's  battery.  This  was  after  sun-down, 
when  Gen.  Early  with  his  infantry  appeared  on  their  flank,  and  with 
a  few  shots  from  the  artillery  attached  to  Gen.  Pegram's  infantry  brig- 
ade, they  started  to  retire,  and  after  night  moved  rapidly  back  through 
Staunton  to  join  their  own  army. 

In  this  spirited  little  fight  of  my  brigade  Gen.  Early  had  accom- 
plished all  he  had  expected  and  saved  the  bridge  from  serious  dam- 
age. The  conduct  of  the  whole  command — officers  and  soldiers  and 
the  battery — was  all  that  could  have  been  desired.  I  was  especially 
indebted  to  Capt.  Henry  C.  Lee,  Adjutant  and  Inspector  General  of 
the  brigade,  and  Rev.  Randolph  McKim,  chaplain  of  the  Second 
Virginia  Cavalry,  now  a  distinguished  divine  of  the  Episcopal  Church, 
diocese  of  New  York  City,  who  acted  as  my  aid-de-camp  with  great 
spirit 

In  this  engagement  Capt.  Geo.  N.  Bliss,  commanding  a  squadron 
of  Rhode  Island  cavalry,  a  Federal  officer,  who  fell  into  my  hands, 
behaved  with  such  conspicuous  gallantry,  strikingly  in  contrast  with 
the  conduct  of  his  command,  I  lake  pleasure  in  making  a  note  of  it. 
Seeing  how  small  a  number  we  had,  he  urged  his  Colonel  to  charge 
the  Fourth  Virginia  cavalry  as  it  entered  the  main  street  of  Waynes- 
boro. (So  he  told  me  in  conversation  when  a  prisoner  in  our  hands 
after  the  fight.)  The  Colonel  ordered  him  to  charge.  He  moved 
forward,  flashed  his  sabre,  and  dashed  ahead,  he  being  well  mounted. 
His  men  started  all  right,  but  began  to  falter  and  stopped.  He, 
without  turning  his  head  to  look  after  them,  dashed  on  at  the 
head  and    into    the    Fourth    Virginia  cavalry,  single    handed,  and 


Operations  in  Front  of  Petersburg.  459 

was  cut  down,  but  not  until  he  had  made  several  very  ugly 
cuts  with  his  sabre  upon  the  men  of  the  Fourth,  and  fell 
bleeding  from  his  horse.  His  gallantry  won  the  admiration  of 
my  men,  and,  as  he  was  recognized  as  a  Mason,  and  seemed  to  be  a 
sort  of  a  "  head  devil"  among  that  fraternity,  Capt.  Henry  Lee  of  my 
staff  took  him  in  charge,  treated  him  kindly,  and  reported  him  "  all 
right  and  accounted  for."  (Lee  being  a  Mason.)  The  Masons— of 
which  body  I  was  not  a  member — seemed  to  be  active  in  my  brigade, 
and  frequently  seemed  interested  in  people  that  I  did  not  appreciate 
as  they  did. 


Operations  in  Front  of  Petersburg  June  24th,   1864. 

Report  of  General  Hagood. 

H'd'qrs  Hagood's  S.  C.  Brigade, 
Hoke's  Division,  June  26th,  1864. 

Capt.  Otey,  A.  A.  G.: 

Captain, — I  am  required  to  make  a  full  report  of  the  operations 
of  my  command  in  front  of  Petersburg  on  the  morning  of  the  24th 
inst.: 

My  Brigade  occupied  the  left  of  our  line  of  entrenchments,  resting 
on  the  south  bank  of  the  Appomattox,  the  Twenty-seventh,  Twenty- 
first  and  Eleventh  Regiments  filling  the  space  from  the  river  to  the 
City  Point  road,  and  the  Twenty-fifth  and  JSeventh  battalions  extend- 
ing along  the  lines  south  of  the  road.  The  enemy's  entrenchments 
were  at  this  point,  parallel  to  ours,  at  a  distance  of  about  four  hundred 
yards — an  open  field,  with  a  rank  growth  of  oats  upon  it,  intervening. 
Each  side  had  slight  rifle-pits  a  short  distance  in  advance  of  its  first 
line  of  entrenchments.  Our  line  of  entrenchments  was  single.  The 
enemy  was  entrenched  in  three  lines  close  together,  and  the  attack 
developed  the  fact  that  four  and  a  half  regiments,  numbering  some 
1,600  or  1,700  men,  occupied  their  first  line. 

My  division  commander.  Major  General  Hoke,  about  dawn  on  the 
24th,  informed  me  that  a  general  engagement  was  contemplated  that 
day,  and  gave  me  detailed  instructions  as  to  the  part  my  brigade  was 
to  take  in  bringing  it  on.     He  had,  the  night  before,  given  me  direc- 


460  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

tion  to  be  ready  for  movement  at  daylight.  A  heavy  cannonade  was 
to  be  opened  from  the  north  side  of  the  river  upon  the  enemy's  posi- 
tion, and  five  minutes  after  it  had  ceased  I  was  to  charge  the  portion 
of  the  enemy's  line  between  the  river  and  the  City  Point  road,  with 
Twenty-seventh,  Twenty-first  and  Eleventh  regiments,  and  informed 
that  I  would  be  closely  supported  by  Anderson's  brigade. 

When  we  had  succeeded  in  driving  them  from  their  first  line,  An- 
derson was  to  occupy  it  till  his  support  arrived,  when  he  was  to  press 
on  against  their  second  and  third  lines,  while,  pivoting  my  three  regi- 
ments, already  spoken  of,  on  their  right,  and  bringing  up  the  other  two 
regiments  of  the  brigade,  I  was  to  form  my  line  along  the  City  Point 
road,  perpendicular  to  my  first  position.  Then,  taking  the  enemy's 
first  line  as  a  directrix,  I  was  to  clear  Colquitt's  front  (on  my  right) 
as  far  as  and  including  Hare's  Hill,  &c.,  &c. 

While  General  Hoke  was  still  explaining  the  plan  of  battle  to  me, 
Lieutenant  Andrews  reported  to  me  from  General  Anderson,  stating 
that  the  latter  was  in  position,  and  had  sent  him  to  keep  in  communi- 
cation with  me.  In  consultation  with  General  Hoke  my  plan  of  attack 
was  settled  and  every  preparation  made. 

The  artillery  opened  precisely  at  7  A.  M.  and  ceased  precisely  at 
7.30  A.  M.  At  7.20  A.  M.  I  sent  Lieut.  Andrews  to  say  to  General 
Anderson  that  I  would  move  in  fifteen  minutes.  He  left  me  with 
speed.  A  delay  of  seven  minutes,  however,  occurred  in  my  move- 
ments, and  at  precisely  7.42  A.  M.  I  advanced.  I  am,  so  far,  thus 
accurate  as  to  time,  because  I  did  not  see  my  supports,  did  not  know 
their  precise  locality,  and  being  governed  in  my  instructions  by  time, 
noticed  the  watch  closely. 

My  advance  was  made  with  four  hundred  picked  men  and  officers 
as  skirmishers,  followed  by  the  balance  of  the  three  regiments  (about 
five  hundred  and  fifty  men)  in  a  second  deployed  line  at  close  sup- 
porting distance.  Lieutenant- Colonel  Nelson  (Seventh  battalion)  was 
selected  to  command  the  skirmishers.  I  took  the  direction  of  the 
main  line. 

The  attack  was  made.  The  enemy  were  driven  from  their  rifle- 
pits,  without  resistance  of  moment.  Their  first  line  of  entrench- 
ments was  gained,  and  a  portion  of  it  captured.  Some  thirty  prison- 
ers were  here  taken  and  sent  to  the  rear,  and  the  enemy's  whole  line 
was  seriously  shaken,  his  men  in  numbers  running  from  the  works. 
Discovering  our  small  force  and  the  attack  not  being  followed  up,  his 
first  line  rallied  and  reinforcements  were  rapidly  pushed  up  from  his 


Operations  in  Front  of  Petersburg.  461 

rear,  and  we  were  compelled  to  fall  back.  This  was  done  slowly  and 
the  enemy  endeavoring  to  charge  us,  was  driven  back  into  his  works. 
My  men,  under  orders,  laid  down  in  the  oats  about  half  way  between 
the  two  hostile  entrenchments  to  await  Anderson's  advance  and  then 
go  with  him.  Numbers  of  them,  however,  got  back  as  far  as  our  rifle- 
pits  before  spoken  of,  and  were  allowed  to  remain  there  with  the 
same  orders  as  the  more  advanced  line.  None  of  them  came  back 
to  our  entrenchments,  except  the  few  skulkers  whom  every  attack 
develops,  and  in  this  instance  I  am  pleased  to  say  that  they  were 
very  few. 

How  much  time  was  occupied  in  these  movements  I  am  unable  to 
say  accurately,  as  I  did  not  look  at  my  watch  again.  When  the  vigor 
of  my  attack  was  broken,  however,  and  my  men  had  begun  to  fall 
back,  the  left  of  Benning's  brigade,  moving  by  a  flank,  reached  the 
right  of  the  entrenchments  I  had  left  in  advancing,  and  there  stopped. 
A  discussion  between  Major-Generals  Hoke  and  Field  took  place, 
and  after  some  delay  this  brigade  moved  in  and  was  ready  to  ad- 
vance. General  Anderson's  report  will  explain  the  delay  in  his  arri- 
val. The  report  of  Lieutenant-Colonel  Dubose,  commanding  Ben- 
ning's brigade,  will  show  the  time  of  his  arrival  and  the  then  condi- 
tion of  affairs.  Major- General  Hoke  was  on  the  ground  during  the 
whole  morning  and  can  speak  of  his  personal  knowledge. 

The  order  for  attack  being  countermanded,  I  kept  out  all  day  as 
many  of  my  men  as  the  rifle-pits  would  hold,  withdrawing  the  rest 
by  squad.  At  night  all  were  withdrawn  and  the  regiments  reorgan- 
ized. My  loss  was  about  a  third  of  the  force  engaged,  twenty-five 
being  killed,  seventy-three  wounded,  and  two  hundred  and  eight 
missing.  Among  the  missing  are,  I  fear,  many  killed  and  wounded 
who  fell  nearest  the  enemy's  entrenchments. 

The  gallant  Lieutenant-Colonel  Nelson  is  missing,  it  is  hoped  not 
killed.  Captain  Axson,  Twenty-seventh  regiment,  was  killed  at  the 
head  of  his  company.  Lieutenants  Huguenin  and  Trim,  of  the 
Twenty-seventh;  Lieutenants  Chappell,  Ford  and  V'auduford,  Twen- 
ty-first, and  Lieutenant  Smith,  Eleventh,  were  wounded.  Captains 
Mulvaney  and  Buist  were  captured  upon  the  enemy's  works,  the  lat- 
ter after  receiving  two  wounds  *  Captain  Rayson  and  Lieutenant 
Riley,  Eleventh  regiment ;  Lieutenant  White,  Twenty-seventh   regi- 


^A  mistake. 


462 


Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


ment,  and  Lieutenant  Clements,  Twenty-first,  are  missing.     I  append 
a  tabular  list  of  casualties. 

Respectfully, 

Johnson  Hagood,  B.  G. 


COMMANDER. 

Killed. 

WOUNDBD. 

Missing. 

Total. 

COMMAND. 

i 

o 

E 

S 

i 

d 

o 

a 
8 

o 

1 

o 

d 

« 

1 

"3 

H 

H 
fri 

■< 

o 

Seventh  Battalion  S   C.  V,. 

1 
2 

1 

3 

43 
49 

110 

1 

3 
5 

84 
70 

137 

1 

Eleventh  Regiment  S.  C.  V 

Twenty-sixth  Regiment  S.  C.  V  ... 

Twenty-fifth  Regiment  8.  C.  V 

Twenty-seventh  Regiment  S.  C.  V. . 

Captain  Mickler. . 
Captain  Wilds.. . . 
Colonel  Simonton. 
Captain  Buist 

1 

14 
3 

7 

1 

4 
2 

27 
18 

20 

87 
75 

143 

Grand  Total 

1 

24 

7 

65 

7 

202 

16 

291 

306 

REPORT    OF    GENERAL    HOKE. 


Headquarters  Hoke's  Division, 
July  2d,  1864. 
Captain  : 

In  obedience  to  orders  from  Department  Headquarters,  I 
respectfully  report  that  a  plan  of  an  attack  upon  the  enemy  was  set- 
tled upon  on  June  23d,  1864,  to  take  place  on  the  following  morning; 
which  plan  is  fully  known  to  the  Commanding  General.  On  the 
night  of  the  23d  General  Hagood  was  made  sufficiently  familiar 
with  the  mode  of  attack  to  make  the  necessary  arrangements.  No 
other  officer  of  my  command  was  aware  of  the  intended  advance. 
This  precaution  was  taken  fearing  that  by  some  means  the  enemy 
might  learn  our  intentions  and  prepare  for  us.  In  accordance  with 
the  plan  my  arrangements  were  made,  which  are  fully  and  properly 
given  in  the  enclosed  report  of  Brigadier-General  Hagood. 

Dividing  my  forces  on  the  left  of  the  City  Point  road  into  two  heavy 
skirmish  lines,  one  to  be  supported  by  the  other,  the  whole  to  be 
supported  by  Brigadier- General  Anderson's  brigade,  of  Field's  di- 
vision, I  formed  in  line  of  battle  in  rear  of  the  entrenchments  then 


Ope7ritions  in  Front  of  Fetersburr/.  463 

occupied  by  Hagood's  left,  and  under  cover  of  the  hill.  As  was 
directed,  the  artillery  from  the  batteries  on  the  north  side  of  the  river 
opened  fire  upon  the  entrenchments  of  the  enemy  as  soon  as  the 
morning's  mist  had  cleared  away,  and  continued  its  fire  with  great 
accuracy,  but  no  execution,  for  half  an  hour.  After  the  lapse  of  five 
minutes  the  fire  of  these  guns  was  directed  upon  the  batteries  of  the 
enemy,  drawing,  in  a  great  degree,  their  fire  from  the  advancing 
infantry,  which,  as  far  as  I  could  see,  was  the  only  service  rendered 
by  our  guns.  Indeed,  I  fear  we  were  injured  more  than  we  gained 
by  the  use  of  our  guns,  as  it  notified  the  enemy  of  our  intended 
attack.  My  intention  was  to  attack  immediately  after  our  guns  opened 
upon  the  enemy's  batteries,  but  as  General  Anderson  had  not  reported 
I  delayed,  and  immediately  one  of  his  staff  officers  appeared,  by 
whom  General  Anderson  was  informed  that  in  fifteen  minutes  the 
advance  would  certainly  take  place,  which  would  give  him  time  to 
reach  the  entrenchments  then  occupied  by  General  Hagood.  At  the 
appointed  time  the  advance  was  ordered,  and  immediately  the  second 
line  followed.  The  first  line  gallantly  entered  the  entrenchments  of 
the  enemy  and  did  their  duty  nobly,  and,  as  was  witnessed  by  General 
Lee  himself,  succeeded  not  only  in  breaking  the  enemy,  but  drove 
them  from  their  works. 

It  was  never  expected  that  the  entrenchments  of  the  enemy  could 
be  held  by  these  two  lines  of  skirmishers,  but  that  they  should  occupy 
them  until  the  line  of  battle  could  reach  them.  As  was  before  stated, 
the  second  line  of  skirmishers  followed  immediately  the  first,  but  was 
not  allowed  to  go  beyond  the  line  of  rifle-pits,  as  it  was  discovered 
that  the  supporting  line  of  battle  had  not  appeared,  and  had  they 
gone  on  would  have  shared  the  fate  of  the  first  line.  I  then  asked 
Major-General  Field,  who  was  upon  the  ground,  to  order  Anderson 
forward,  as  a  moment's  delay  would  be  fatal.  He  immediately  sent 
the  order,  which  had  been  previously  sent,  to  General  Anderson  to 
go  forward.  (It  is  proper  here  for  me  to  state  that  this  was  my  third 
effort  to  get  General  Anderson  forward  after  my  first  notice  to  him 
that  "in  fifteen  minutes  I  would  certainly  move  forward.") 

Some  time  after  General  Field's  second  order  was  sent  to  General 
Anderson  he  received  a  note  from  him  stating  that  the  entrenchments 
were  still  occupied  by  General  Hagood's  troops.  In  this  he  was 
greatly  mistaken,  as  will  be  seen  by  General  Hagood's  report,  and  if 
necessary  to  prove  this  mistake,  I  can  produce  a  statement  from  Col- 
onel Dubose,  commanding  Benning's  brigade  (who  by  this  time  had 
moved  up  in  line  of  batde  on  the  right  of  General  Anderson's  posi- 


464  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

tion,  and  after  reaching  the  trenches  moved  by  the  left  flank  down 
them  and  occupied  the  position  which  Anderson  was  to  have  taken, 
and  then  in  his  front),  that  there  were  no  troops  in  the  trenches  apart 
from  some  stragglers,  of  which  I  am  sure  no  command  is  free.  After 
some  time,  I  suppose  an  hour,  Major-General  Field  put  two  brigades 
in  the  trenches  on  the  left  of  the  City  Point  road,  with  a  view  to 
attack,  and  seemed  anxious  to  do  so,  but  I  advised  against  it,  as  the 
enemy  had  had  ample  time  to  make  all  preparations  for  us,  and 
which  they  had  done,  I  felt  assured  he  would  sustain  a  very  heavy 
loss  and  accomplish  nothing.  At  this  time  orders  were  received  from 
General  Lee  for  me  to  report  to  him  in  company  with  Major-General 
Field,  who  abandoned  the  attack  after  hearing  the  position  of  affairs. 
My  troops  were  not  able  to  return  until  night,  as  they  would  have 
been  exposed  to  a  heavy  fire  of  the  enemy  from  their  entrenchments, 
which  were  about  four  hundred  yards  in  advance  of  those  occupied 
by  our  men.  A  report  of  the  casualties  has  been  forwarded.  I  was 
much  troubled  at  the  loss  of  my  men,  who  did  their  duty  truly  and 
well,  without  results  which  to  me  appeared  certain,  and  surely  ought 
to  have  been  reaped.  It  is  not  my  desire  to  place  blame  or  responsi- 
bility upon  others  (I  fear  neither)  in  making  the  foregoing  state- 
ments, but  merely  give  facts  to  the  best  of  my  knowledge,  after  which 
the  Commanding  General  may  draw  his  own  conclusions.  I  have 
unofficially  heard  that  both  I  and  my  command  were  censured  by  the 
Commanding  General.  My  regret  is  in  attempting  the  attack  with- 
out full  command  of  all  the  forces  who  were  to  participate.  Both  the 
plan  of  battle  and  of  attack  were  good,  but  failed  in  the  execution. 
The  enemy  became  extremely  uneasy  along  his  entire  line  when  the 
attack  was  made,  and  had  we  been  successful  at  that  point  our  results 
would  have  been  such  as  have  not  heretofore  been  equalled.  No 
other  portion  of  my  command  was  engaged  except  the  three  regi- 
ments of  Hagood's  brigade  on  the  left  of  the  City  Point  road,  whose 
action  is  given  in  detail  in  the  enclosed  report.  The  plan  of  battle 
was  such  that  no  part  of  my  command  could  participate  except  those 
mentioned.  General  Hagood  did  everything  in  his  power  to  give 
us  success,  and  desired  to  push  forward  when  in  my  judgment  it 
appeared  hazardous. 

Very  respectfully. 

[Signed]  R.  F.  Hoke,  Major-General. 

To  Captain  John  M.  Otey,  A.  A.  G. 


Operations  in  Front  of  Petersburg.  465 

Copy  of  Endorsement  made   by   General  Beauregard  on    Major- 
General  Hoke' s  Report  of  the  action  of  his    Command  07i  finie 

24th,  1864. 

[Respectfully  forwarded  to  General  R.  E.    Lee  for  his  information.] 

It  will  be  seen  by  the  reports  of  Generals  Hoke  and  Hagood  that 
they  are  not  responsible  for  the  failure  of  the  attack  of  the  24th  ult., 
which  would  have  been  undoubtedly  successful  had  the  supports  ad- 
vanced in  time.  General  Hoke  is  mistaken,  if  he  refers  to  me,  when 
he  says :  ''I  have  learned  unofficially  that  I  and  my  command  were 
censured  by  the  Commanding  General."  I  stated  only  that  "the 
success  would  have  been  most  brilliant  if  the  skirmishers  had  been 
properly  supported."  His  report  and  that  of  General  Hagood  prove 
the  correctness  of  my  assertion. 

General  Hoke  says  on  the  second  page  of  his  report,  "after  an 
elapse  of  five  minutes,  the  fire  of  the  guns — /.  e.,  forty-four  guns 
on  the  north  side  of  the  Appomattox — was  directed  upon  the  batte- 
ries of  the  enemy,  drawing,  in  a  great  degree,  their  fire  from  the 
advancing  infrantry,  which,  as  far  as  I  could  see,  was  the  only  service 
rendered  by  our  guns.  Indeed,  I  fear  we  were  injured  more  than  we 
gained  by  the  use  of  our  guns,  as  it  notified  the  enemy  of  our  intended 
attack." 

The  object  of  opening  the  fire  of  the  batteries  referred  to,  during 
half  an  hour  preceding  the  infantry  attack,  was  to  demoralize  the 
enemy's  troops  occupying  the  defensive  lines  which  were  to  be  at- 
tacked, and  which  were  enfiladed  and  taken  in  reverse  of  those  bat- 
teries. It  was  expected,  also,  that  the  heavy  artillery  fire  would 
throw  into  confusion  any  supports  the  enemy  might  have  concealed 
in  the  woods  near  his  lines.  The  best  proof  of  the  entire  success  of 
this  plan  is  the  facility  with  which  one  jinsupported  Y\ne  of  skirmishers 
got  possession  of  those  lines  with  the  loss  of  only  twenty-five  killed 
and  seventy-two  wounded.  I  am  decidedly  of  the  opinion  that,  regard 
being  had  to  locality  and  the  attending  circumstances,  no  better  re- 
sults could  have  been  attained  by  any  other  plan  than  the  one  adopted, 
and  which  failed  only  because  not  properly  supported. 

[Signed]  G.  T.  Beauregard,  General. 

Headquarters  Department  N.  C.  and  S.    V.,  fidy  5,  1864. 

Official : 

Jno.  a.  Cooper,  A.  A.  A.  G. 
3 


466  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

«« The  Gallant    Pelham  "  and  His  Gun  at  Fredericksburg. 

Letter  from  Major  H.  B.  McClellan. 

Rev.  J.  Wm.  Jones,  D.  D., 

Secretary  of  the  Souihertt  Historical  Society  : 

Dear  Sir, — My  attention  has  recently  been  called  to  a  publication 
entitled  "  Coiitribjitions  to  a  History  of  the  Richmo7id  Howitzer 
Battalion,  Pamphlet  No.  j,"  which  contains,  on  page  58,  a  letter  from 
Reuben  B.  Pleasants,  Sergeant  of  the  Second  company,  in  which  the 
claim  is  made  that  the  praise  which  was  bestowed  by  General  R.  E. 
Lee,  General  J.  E  B.  Stuart,  and  by  others,  upon  Major  John  Pelham, 
of  the  Stuart  Horse  Artillery,  for  the  gallantry  with  which  he  fought 
one  Napoleon  gun  upon  the  extreme  Confederate  right,  at  the  open- 
ing of  the  battle  of  Fredericksburg,  on  the  13th  of  December,  1862, 
really  belongs  to  a  gun  of  the  second  company  of  the  Richmond 
Howitzer  Battalion,  which  was  served  by  Sergeant  Pleasants  himself 

I  make  the  following  extracts  from  Sergeant  Pleasant's  letter.  He 
says : 

"  Soon  after  the  war,  I  read  a  volume  of  '  so-called  '  history,  writ- 
ten, I  think,  by  Howison,  in  which  was  an  account  of  the  gallant  con- 
duct of  Pelham' s  artillery  in  the  battle  of  Fredericksburg,  ascribing 
to  Pelham  and  his  command  what  was  really  the  work  of  the  first 
detachment  of  our  old  Second  company,  even  crediting  our  killed  and 
wounded  to  the  Horse  Artillery." 

"  Subsequently,  I  read  substantially  the  same  in  General  Lee's  re- 
port of  the  engaement.  I  have  also  read  allusions  of  the  same  tenor 
in  articles  contributed  to  the  Southern  Histo7'ical  Society  Papers. 

"  I  have,  at  each  repetition  of  the  error,  thought  I  would  write  some- 
thing for  publication,  giving  the  truth  of  this  affair  (which  all  seem  to 
think  so  gallant  and  glorious),  but  until  now  neglected  to  do  so. 

"General  Alexander  says  {Souther?i  Historical  Society  Pafers, 
Nos.  10  and  11  of  Volume  X,  page  446),  that  'Lieutenant  Pelham,  of 
Alabama,  approached  close  upon  the  enemy's  left  flank  with  only  two 
guns,  and  so  punished  his  Une  of  battle  that  the  advance  was  checked 
until  Pelham  could  be  driven  off,  an  operation  which  it  took  four  bat- 
teries an  hour  to  accomplish.' 

"Now,  on  that  morning  after  an  all-night  march  with  Jackson's 
corps,  from  near  Port  Royal,  our  battery,  with  a  number  of  other 


"TAe  Gallant  Pelham"  and  His  Gun.  467 

batteries,  was  put  in  position  below  the  line  of  hills  on  which  Frede- 
ricksburg is  located.  We  were  advanced  by  half-batterv  to  the 
front,  firing-  at  our  'level  best'  as  we  went  forward.  As  we  advanced, 
ours  being  the  right  section  of  the  right  battery.  Captain  Watson  was 
approached  by  two  mounted  officers,  one  of  whom  I  recognized  as 
General  J,  E.  B.  Stuart,  and  the  other,  as  I  learned  afterwards,  being 
Colonel  Rosser,  who,  after  saluting  our  Captain,  said  to  him  :  'We 
are  instructed  to  get  a  gun  from  your  battery  for  special  duty,'  or 
words  to  that  effect. 

"Captain  Watson  ordered  the  first  gun  to  'limber  up'  and  report 
to  the  two  officers.  Being  Sergeant  of  the  first  detachment,  I 
limbered  to  the  rear,  reported  to  the  officers,  and  was  ordered  to 
follow  them.  Well  do  I  remember  the  chase  they  gave  us  across 
fields  and  ditches,  without  a  halt  anywhere,  and  at  a  long  trot  all  the 
way. 

"  We  finally  got  into  a  sunken  road,  with  a  'wattling'  fence  on 
either  side,  and  lined  with  cedars.  Down  this  road  we  went  for  some 
distance,  with  no  idea  whatever  of  our  destination. 

"  We  were  halted  in  the  narrow  road,  and  ordered  to  make  an 
opening  in  the  fence.  This  was  soon  done,  and  a  few  spadefulls  of 
earth  thrown  into  the  ditch  made  a  passage-way. 

"  Colonel  Rosser  than  told  me  to  go  up  into  the  field  and  see  what 
I  had  to  do.  I  rode  up  with  Halyburton,  who  was  Orderly  at  the 
time,  but  had  begged  to  be  allowed  to  go  with  his  old  detachment, 
and  so  was  with  me,  and  found  that  we  were  on  the  extreme  left  flank 
of  the  Army  of  the  Potomac.  A  battery  was  in  position,  command- 
ing the  field  we  were  about  to  enter. 

"  Colonel  Rosser  told  me  to  take  any  distance  I  chose  to  fight  them, 
and  in  answer  to  my  question  as  to  how  long  I  was  expected  to  stay, 
said,  'As  long  as  you  can.'  I  asked,  'Until  we  are  out  of  ammu- 
nition?' He  answered,  'Yes'  I  have  often  thought  he  never 
expected  us  to  get  away  from  there. 

"We  pulled  into  the  field  and  were  seen,  and  were  met  by  a  salute 
from  the  enemy's  guns;  but  the  way  we  put  whip  and  spur  to  our 
teams,  and  ran  upon  them,  seemed  to  unsettle  their  aim.  and  we  got 
into  position  about  five  hundred  yards  in  their  front.  Then  we 
returned  the  salute ;  and  if  you  ever  saw  Sam  Green  shoot,  you  know 
he  did  his  best. 

"  General  Stuart  and  Colonel  Rosser  remained  with  us  awhile  (I 
think  the  latter' s  horse  was  wounded  there),  but  soon  left,  and  there 
we  were,  a  gun  detachment  without  even  a  straggling  cavalryman 


468  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

for  support,  and  there  we  staid  as  long  as  we  had  a  round,  ahhough, 
soon  after  we  got  into  position,  they  opened  on  us  with  thirty-two 
pounders  from  across  the  Rappahannock.  The  nearest  shot  from 
these  struck  about  thirty  yards  from  our  left.'  " 

I  omit  portions  of  this  letter,  which  seem  to  reflect  unnecessarily 
upon  the  Horse  Artillery,  and  which  might  provoke  an  angry  retort 
from  a  member  of  that  organization.  But  I  desire  to  place  in  close 
juxtaposition  some  extracts  from  a  letter  written  (not  twenty  years 
after  the  battle,  but  four  days  after  it),  by  Lieutenant  Channing  Price, 
at  that  time  aid-de-camp  to  General  Stuart.  Lieutenant  Price  was, 
before  his  promotion  to  General  Stuart's  staff,  a  member  of  the  Rich- 
mond Howitzer  Battalion.  This  letter  was  addressed  to  his  mother, 
by  whose  kindness  such  of  her  son's  letters,  as  might  aid  me  in 
writing  the  story  of  General  Stuart's  campaigns,  have  been  placed  in 
my  hands.  Lieutenant  Price  writes  thus  in  describing  the  events  of 
the  13th  December,  1862: 

"  I  then  galloped  out  to  where  General  Stuart  was  [at  the  junction 
of  the  Bowling  Green  and  Hamilton's  Crossing  roadsj,  and  there 
Major  Pelham  had  come  up  with  one  gun  of  Harvey's  Horse  Artillery. 
The  enemy  were  in  dense  masses,  advancing  straight  towards  our  line 
of  battle,  and  Pelham  was  exactly  on  their  left  flank  with  his  gun, 
with  no  support  whatever.  He  opened  on  them  with  solid  shot,  and 
though  most  of  them  went  amongst  the  infantry,  one  blew  up  a 
caisson  for  the  Yankees.  They  now  opened  about  fifteen  or  twenty 
guns  on  Pelham  ;  but  he  had  splendid  shelter  for  his  gun,  and  only 
had  one  man  wounded,  I  think.  He  kept  up  his  fire  until  he  was 
ordered  to  cease,  so  that  they  might  come  up  closer  to  our  line. 
Not  a  gun  on  our  long  line,  from  Fredericksburg  to  Hamilton's  Cross- 
ing, had  yet  fired,  only  Pelham  with  his  Napoleon,  and  soon  after- 
wards a  Blakley,  nearer  the  railroad.  General  Lee  expressed  his 
warm  admiration  for  Major  Pelham' s  distinguished  gallantry,  but 
said  that  the  young  Major-General  (alluding  to  Stuart)  had  opened 
on  them  too  soon." 

After  describing  the  repulse  of  the  enemy  by  Jackson's  troops,  and 
the  renewal  of  the  attack  by  the  Federal  troops.  Lieutenant  Price 
continues : 

"A  Parrott  Gun  of  the  Second  Howitzers  and  one  of  the  Powhatan 
battery,  now  crossed  the  Bowling  Green  road  and  opened  a  very  de- 
structive fire  on  their  flank,  under  the  direction  of  Colonel  Rosser, 
Major  Pelham  commanding  the  others  *  *  *  * 

*****  Galloping  to  the   General  I 


"■The  Gallant  Pelham"  and  His  Gun.  469 

found  him  looking  on  with  his  usual  coolness.  He  soon  started  to- 
wards the  crossing,  and  on  our  way  met  the  two  Parrotts  I  have 
mentioned  above,  leaving  the  field.  The  General  was  very  much 
displeased  at  first,  but  Colonel  Rosser  made  matters  all  right,  by 
telling  him  that  it  was  useless  to  stay  there,  a  great  many  horses 
having  been  killed,  men  wounded,  and  ammunition  nearly  exhausted." 

Other  portions  of  Lieutenant  Price's  letter  show  how  warm  an 
affection  he  cherished  for  his  old  comrades  of  the  Howitzer  Battalion, 
and  how  impossible  it  would  have  been  for  him  to  misrepresent 
their  conduct  or  to  ascribe  to  any  other  the  credit  which  was  due  to 
them. 

Sergeant  Pleasants  says,  in  another  part  of  his  letter : 

"  I  believe  our  dear  old  General,  had  he  lived  and  had  he  known, 
would  have  corrected  the  error  in  his  report." 

Now,  any  error  in  General  Lee's  report  must  have  arisen  from 
wrong  information  furnished  by  his  subordinate  commanders,  and  in 
this  case  the  information  must  have  come  from  General  Stuart.  But 
the  latter  is  relieved  from  this  charge  by  the  fact  that  he  made  no  re- 
port of  the  battle  of  Fredericksburg.  Moreover  there  is  abundant 
evidence  to  show  that  Major  Pelham' s  fight  was  made  under  the  very 
eyes  of  Generals  Lee  and  Jackson,  who  were  both  present  on  the  ex- 
treme right  of  the  Confederate  line  at  that  time.  General  Lee  writes 
as  an  eye-witness,  when  he  says  : 

"As  soon  as  the  advance  of  the  enemy  was  discovered  through  the 
fog.  General  Stuart,  with  his  accustomed  promptness,  moved  up  a 
section  of  his  Horse  Artillery,  which  opened  with  effect  upon  his 
flank  and  drew  upon  the  gallant  Pelham  a  heavy  fire,  which  he  sus- 
tained unflichingly  for  about  two  hours." 

Aside  from  all  this,  there  is  one  sentence  in  Sergeant  Pleasants's  let- 
ter, which,  at  once  and  conclusively,  shows  that  he  has  made  a  mis- 
take. He  says  that  when  his  gun  was  detached  to  follow  General 
Stuart  and  Colonel  Rosser,  "  IVe  were  advanced  by  half  battery 
to  the  front,  firiJig  at  oiir  '  level  best '  as  we  zvent  fonuard."  That  is, 
his  gun  was  not  detached  until  the  engagement  of  the  artillery  had 
become  general  along  the  line.  Now,  Channing  Price  says  that 
where  Pelham  was  engaged  with  Henry's  Napoleon,  "  not  a  gun  an 
our  long  line,  from  Fredericksburg  to  Hamilton  s   Crossing,  had  yet 


470  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

fired ;    only   Pelham,    with   his   Napoleon,   ayid  soon   afterwards   a 
Blakely,  nearer  the  railroad^ 

Every  report  of  the  battle  confirms  this  statement.  It  is,  therefore, 
very  plain  that  Sergeant  Pleasants's  gallant  detachment  must  have 
served  one  of  the  other  guns  which  are  particularized  by  Channing 
Price,  and  that  the  honor  which  has  for  so  long  a  time  been  ascribed 
to  Pelham  and  his  Napoleon,  cannot  yet  be  given  to  another. 

H.  B.  McClellan. 
Lexington,  Ky..  November  J 8th,  1884. 


The  Monument  at    Munfordsville. 


[We  promised  in  our  last  to  publish  the  addresses  on  the  occasion 
of  the  unveiling  of  the  monument  at  Munfordsville  on  the  17th  of 
last  September,  and  we  are  sure  that  our  readers  will  be  glad  to  have 
this  worthy  record  of  a  graceful  act,  commemorating  heroic  deeds.] 

MR.  JAMES  smith's  REMARKS. 

Major  Sykes, — In  requesting  you  to  aid  my  daughter,  and  who  is 
also  a  daughter  of  Mississippi,  in  this  ceremonial  unveiling,  permit 
me  to  say  that  my  strong  desire  has  ever  been  to  have  the  opportu- 
nity and  the  ability  to  place  an  imperishable  mark  on  this  field,  the 
scene  of  as  severe  and  heart-rending  a  struggle  as  ever  occurred,  and 
it  gratifies  me  to  see  now  this  great  stone  firmly  placed  and  durable 
as  man  can  accomplish.  It  gratifies  me,  it  gratifies  those  relatives 
and  friends  of  Colonel  Smith  who  are  here  from  abroad  to  meet  you 
and  to  meet  so  many  of  his  compatriots  from  far  distant  parts  of 
this  land  on  this  interesting  occasion. 

It  is  not  for  me  to  venture  eulogium  on  him  whose  name  is  in- 
scribed on  this  monument.  I  brought  the  youth  from  his  native  land 
straight  to  Mississippi.  As  he  grew  to  manhood,  his  respect  and  af- 
fection for  the  generous  and  kindly  people  he  had  been  thrown 
amongst  grew  with  him.  He  was  in  his  nature  studious  and  mathe- 
matical. He  watched  with  close  interest  the  troubles  from  outside 
that  were  pressing  his  residential  land.  His  most  intimate  historical 
knowledge  was  with  his  native  Scotland's  long  and  sore,  but  stern 
and  ultimately  successful  struggle  to  preserve  her  integrity,  and  his 
impulse  and  judgment  clearly  fixed  his  action  in  the  same  vital  emer- 


The  Monument  at  Munfordsville.  471 

gency  which  came  at  last  upon  his  adopted  State.  Without  hesita- 
tion, his  military  company,  "The  Mississippi  Rifles,"  was  among  the 
first  to  enter  service,  and  under  his  command  it  formed  the  first  mili- 
tary escort  of  the  President  of  the  Confederate  States  when  that 
great  chief  was  called  from  his  plantation  to  take  the  reins  of  Gov- 
ernment. From  that  time  onward,  in  camp,  on  the  march  or  in  ac- 
tion, until  he  fell  in  this  disastrous  field  where  we  now  stand,  I  feel 
that  I  am  right  in  believing  that  fullest  faith  in  his  reliability  was  the 
possession  of  his  superior,  and  that  he  had  the  unlimited  confidence 
and  love  of  every  man  of  his  command. 

His  much  devoted  sister  sought  her  weary  and  dangerous  way 
over  many  hundred  miles,  through  the  lines  of  opposing  armies,  ob- 
tained his  body  and  carried  it  back  to  his  Mississippi  home,  and  it 
has  ever  been  and  still  is,  a  solace  to  his  venerable  father  and  rela- 
tives and  friends  abroad  to  know  of  the  high  esteem  in  which  Colonel 
Smith  was  held  by  his  companions  in  arms  and  by  his  State,  and  of 
the  poignant  regrets  at  his  loss  so  truly  exhibited  by  all  who  knew 
him. 

His  regiment,  the  ever  glorious  "  Tenth  Mississippi,"  has  an  undy- 
ing history  of  achievment  and  struggles,  but  none  more  sanguinary 
than  the  field  of  Munfordsville,  an  exhibition  of  patriotic  discipline 
and  unfaltering  obedience  in  the  face  of  death  never  perhaps  excelled, 
a  sore  and  regretful  sacrifice,  but  an  example  of  unflinching  fulfil- 
ment of  duty  that  enriches  the  annals  of  our  race.  In  the  loss  of 
these  dear,  devoted  men  the  costly  price  was  paid ;  their  memory  is 
ever  green  with  us,  and  forever  within  this  inclosure  may  their  ashes 
repose  in  peace. 

ADDRESS  OF  MAJOR   SVKES. 

Mr.  Chairmayi,  My  Comrades  and  Fellow  Citizens:  Under  ordi- 
nary circumstances  I  would  not  have  come  so  long  a  distance  to  enter 
my  presence  here  to-day,  but,  considering  the  importance  and  dig- 
nity of  the  occasion ;  the  distance  to  be  traveled  from  his  home  by 
the  noble-hearted  and  generous  gentleman  who  presides  as  our  host; 
the  honor  to  be  conferred  upon  my  State,  and  the  events  of  twenty- 
two  years  ago  to  be  recalled — events  in  which  some  of  you  as  sur- 
vivors and  those  who  fell  here  acted  so  noble  a  part,  and  which  have 
conferred  upon  the  soldiery  of  Mississippi  a  heritage  of  renown — I 
could  not  hesitate  as  to  my  duty.  Therefore  it  was  that  I  readily 
yielded  my  assent  to  the  invitation  extended  to  me  a  few  weeks  ago 


472  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

by  letter  from  Mr.  James  Smith,  written  from  Glasgow,  Scotland,  to 
be  present  at  this  time  and  "perform  the  ceremony  of  unveiling  the 
monument"  erected  by  him  "in  memory  of  the  sacrifice  of  the 
Tenth  Mississippi  Regiment,  commanded  by  Colonel  Robert  A. 
Smith,"  and  "  to  deliver  an  address  "  commemorative  of  the  life  and 
character  of  his  deceased  chivalric  brother,  and  of  the  deeds  of  his 
heroic  comrades  now  sought  to  be  perpetuated.  I  attribute  the  par- 
tiality of  my  selection  for  the  trust  my  friend  from  Scotland  has  con- 
fided to  me,  to  the  fact  that  he  knew  me  to  have  been  not  only  an 
officer  under  his  brother,  but  a  constant  friend  of  that  brother,  and 
present  in  the  engagement  here  September  14,  1862,  when  that  gal- 
lant soldier  fell.  It  is  at  this  time  meet  that  we  take  a  retrospect, 
limited  by  the  proprieties  of  the  occasion,  of  what  transpired  here 
twenty-two  years  ago,  and  the  prominent  figure  to  whom  our 
thoughts  now  revert. 

Colonel  Robert  Alexander  Smith  was  born  on  the  5th  day  of  April, 
1836,  in  Edinburg,  Scotland.  He  was  the  youngest  of  five  sons  and 
five  daughters  of  James  and  Annie  Smith,  of  that  city.  The  father, 
a  Paisley  manufacturer  in  early  life,  and  later  a  wholesale  druggist, 
still  lives  in  his  hale  and  hearty  old  age  of  ninety-three,  at  Spencer 
villa,  66  Brixton  road,  London,  Southwest.  At  the  age  of  fourteen 
Robert  came  to  this  country  and  settled  in  Jackson,  Miss.,  where  his 
eldest  brother,  our  host,  and  a  widowed  sister  had  preceded  him. 
Entering  the  business  house  of  his  brother,  the  youth  soon  won  the 
elder's  confidence,  and  by  habits  of  sobriety,  integrity  and  industry, 
together  with  the  highest  order  of  intelligent  adaptability  to  the  inte- 
rests of  the  firm,  he  was  at  a  comparatively  early  age  placed  in  sole 
charge  of  the  prosperous  business.  That  brother  writes  from  Glas- 
gow :  "  In  1855,  young  as  he  then  was,  I  parted  with  my  business  in 
Jackson  to  him,  while  I  removed  thence  to  live  here.  I  visited  Jack- 
son again  in  1859,  and  did  not  see  him  more,  but  the  record  was  al- 
ways good,  unselfish  devotion  to  duty  and  unflinching  attachment  to 
his  command  and  the  care  of  it." 

The  breaking  out  of  the  civil  war — the  war  between  the  States — 
found  him  at  the  head  of  this  business  house — a  law-abiding,  indus- 
trious, firm  and  intelligent  citizen  of  his  adopted  State,  by  principle  a 
Southerner  and  by  inheritance  a  Christian.  Born  in  a  land  of  heroes, 
his  was  a  nature  suited  for  the  stirring  events  which  were  to  follow. 
With  a  fondness  for  military  life,  and  long  before  he  could  have  ex- 
pected to  be  called  to  the  battlefield,  he  exhibited  evidences  of  the 
coming  soldier.     Entering  the  ranks  of  the  Mississippi   Rifles  in  the 


The  Monument  at   Munfordsville.  473 

days  of  peace,  he  soon  made  himself  famihar  with  mihtary  tactics. 
Though  it  may  not  have  been  remarked  by  the  casual  acquaintance, 
yet  those  who  best  knew  the  quiet  young  citizen  of  Jackson  felt  that 
behind  the  reserved  and  self-possessed  exterior  of  R<jbert  A.  Smith 
dwelt  the  qualities  of  the  true  soldier.  Thus  it  was  that  on  the  first 
mutterings  of  the  coming  storm  he  was  elected  Captain  of  the  Missis- 
sippi Rifles,  a  company  organized  in  and  composed  of  his  fellow- 
citizens  of  Jackson,  whose  services  were  tendered  to  the  State  as  soon 
as  she  cast  her  fortunes  with  the  Confederacy,  and  whose  first  duty 
was  to  escort  the  newly  elected  President  to  the  seat  of  government 
at  Montgomery,  Ala.  At  the  first  call  of  the  Confederacy  on  Missis- 
sippi for  troops  in  March,  1861,  he  was  ordered  with  his  company  to 
Pensacola  navy  yard,  where  General  Bragg  was  organizing  his  heroic 
little  army,  that  was  subsequently  to  become  so  justly  famous  in  the 
annals  of  war.  This  call  resulted  in  the  assetnbling  of  twenty  com- 
panies from  Mississippi,  at  Pensacola,  which  were  organized  into  two 
regiments  and  named  the  Ninth  and  Tenth.  The  Mississippi  Rifles, 
as  Company  D,  formed  a  part  of  this  latter  regiment  commanded  by 
Colonel  Moses  Phillips.  Before  the  expiration  of  two  months  ser- 
vice Colonel  Phillips  sickened  and  died,  immediately  after  which  Cap- 
tain Smith  was  elected  to  the  vacant  colonelcy.  From  that  time  to 
the  date  of  our  removal  in  the  spring  of  1862  to  Corinth,  where  Al- 
bert Sidney  Johnston  was  assembling  his  army  to  give  battle  to  the 
enemy  under  Grant  and  Buell,  Colonel  Smith  was  industrious  in  his 
study  of  the  science  and  art  of  war  and  giving  the  needed  instruction 
to  his  regiment.  So  proficient  had  he  become  in  all  the  accom- 
plishments of  a  regimental  commander  that  on  reaching  Corinth 
and  being  placed  with  the  other  Mississippi  troops  which  formed 
the  brigade  of  General  James  R.  Chalmers,  he  was  soon  recog- 
nized as  the  best  drill-ofiicer  and  the  best  disciplinarian  of  his 
grade.  He  needed  only  the  opportunity  to  prove  that  these 
necessary  accomplishments  of  an  oflicer  were  but  secondary  to 
his  ability  to  successfully  command  troops  on  the  battlefield. 
This  opportunity  was  soon  given  him  in  the  sanguinary  battle 
of  Shiloh.  Then,  as  ever  after  when  under  fire,  he  proved  himself 
the  knightly  soldier  and  skilled  commander.  What  in  the  quiet  of 
the  camp  he  had  studied  as  a  theory,  now  in  the  activities  of  the  bat 
tlefield,  he  readily  and  scientifically  reduced  to  practice,  and  with  the 
eye  and  intelligence  of  the  born  soldier,  disci|)lincd  bv  limited  yet 
the  closest  study,  the  system  of  successfully  handling  troops  in  action 
was  thoroughly  mastered  by  him. 


474  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

It  was  in  action  that  he  shone  to  best  advantage.  His  bearing 
which,  when  in  repose,  was  essentially  military  and  dignified,  rather 
than  graceful,  assumed  a  heroic  type  when  in  the  heat  of  battle.  He 
looked  and  felt  a  different  man.  The  roar  of  artillery  and  the  rattle 
of  musketry  sounded  as  thrilling  music  to  his  ears,  imparting  to  him 
new  life.  Then,  with  face  aglow  with  the  inspiration  of  his  soul,  he 
was  ready  for  any  "deed  of  high  emprise." 

Throughout  the  two  days'  battle  of  Shiloh — on  the  6th  and  yth  of 
April,  1862 — Colonel  Smith  was  conspicuous  for  his  gallantry  and 
the  splendid  handling  of  his  troops.  No  regiment  on  that  bloody 
field  did  better  service  or  achieved  greater  triumphs,  and  this  was  due 
as  much  to  the  sterling  qualities  of  its  Commander,  his  coolness, 
intrepid  bravery  and  influence  over  his  men  when  in  action,  as  to 
the  excellence  of  his  troops.  His  gallantry  and  unflinching  courage, 
his  high  sense  of  honor,  and  his  aptitude  to  grasp  the  arts  of  war, 
together  with  self-abnegation  at  the  bidding  of  duty,  won  the  respect 
of  all  his  superiors,  and  the  unlimited  confidence,  respect  and  esteem 
of  his  troops.  From  that  day  his  eminence  as  a  true  soldier  was 
assured.  It  was  confidently  believed  by  those  in  the  army  that  had 
there  been  a  vacancy  to  be  filled  by  a  Mississippi  soldier,  Robert  A. 
Smith  would  at  once  have  been  promoted  to  the  grade  of  Brigadier- 
General.  As  it  was,  his  services  were  so  highly  appreciated  by  the 
General  commanding,  that  he  was,  from  this  time  forward,  almost 
constantly  in  command  of  some  brigade  of  the  army  by  special 
assignment. 

General  Bragg' s  estimate  of  Colonel  Smith  may  be  judged  by  the 
following  extract  from  a  letter  written  by  him  after  the  termination  of 
the  war,  and  addressed  to  a  friend  of  the  deceased  Colonel :  "  Enter- 
ing the  service  at  an  early  age,  without  military  experience  or  educa- 
tion, the  Colonel  fell  in  the  gallant  discharge  of  an  almost  desperate 
assault  in  less  than  eighteen  months,  esteemed  and  honored  for  his 
acquirements  and  heroic  deportment.  To  me  his  loss  was  severe,  for 
I  had  looked  to  him  for  support  in  a  much  higher  and  more  extended 
command." 

Passing  over  the  intervening  time  between  the  battle  of  Shiloh  and 
Bragg's  Kentucky  campaign,  we  come  to  speak  of  Colonel  Smith  in 
his  last  battle, — the  one  here, — known  as  the  battle  of  Munfordsville, 
fought  September  14,  1862.  Immediately  prior  to  entering  Kentucky 
Colonel  Smith  had  been  ordered  to  resume  command  of  his  regiment. 
On  reaching  Glasgow  with  his  main  force  September  12,  1862,  Gen- 
eral Bragg  ordered  forward  the  same  night  Chalmers's  brigade  of 


The  Monument  at  Munfordsville.  475 

Mississippians  to  the  railroad  at  Cave  City,  and  Duncan's  Louisiana 
brigade  to  the  junction  next  south,  with  instructions  to  intercept 
and  cut  Buell's  communications  by  rail  with  Louisville  General 
Chalmers  surprised  and  captured  the  telegraph  operator  and  depot 
of  supplies  at  Cave  City,  but,  because  information  as  to  our  move- 
ments had  been,  in  some  manner,  communicated  to  the  Federals,  he 
did  not  succeed  in  capturing  any  train.  Hearing  that  a  force  of  the 
enemy,  supposed  to  be  raw  recruits,  but  in  reality  numbering,  as  we 
afterward  found,  largely  in  excess  of  3,000  trained  and  disciplined 
soldiers,  were  entrenched  at  Munfordsville.  protecting  the  railroad 
bridge  over  Green  river,  General  Chalmers,  without  orders  from  his 
superiors,  as  was  currently  believed,  leaving  parts  of  the  Seventh  and 
Twenty  ninth  regiments  to  guard  Cave  City,  advanced  with  the  rest 
of  his  brigade,  numbering  1,200  or  1,300  strong,  to  Horse  Cave,  on 
the  road  to  Munfordsville,  and  after  resting  until  a  late  hour  in  the 
night  again  moved  forward,  and  by  dawn  the  next  morning  struck 
the  Federal  pickets  about  a  mile  in  advance  of  their  fortifications. 

These  were  hastily  driven  in  by  the  sharpshooters  of  the  brigade, 
commanded  by  Major  W.  C.  Richards  of  Columbus,  Miss.,  who  fell 
seriously  wounded  before  our  main  line  made  the  attack. 

The  brigade  was  then  being  rapidly  placed  in  position  for  a  general 
assault,  in  the  following  manner,  as  I  remember  :  The  Seventh  Missis- 
sippi, under  command  of  Colonel  Bishop,  on  the  extreme  right  and 
extending  nearly  to  the  river;  next  the  Twenty-ninth,  commanded 
by  Colonel  E.  C.  Walthall;  next  the  Ninth,  commanded  by  Colonel 
Thomas  W.  White — all  three  to  be  placed  east  of  and  parallel  with 
the  dirt  road — and  with  a  company  of  sharpshooters  and  a  part  of 
Garrity's  battery,  constituted  the  right  attacking  column.  The  Tenth 
Mississippi,  tinder  command  of  Colonel  Robert  A.  Smith,  was  to  be 
placed  in  position  to  the  left,  perpendicular  to,  but  far  removed  from 
the  dirt  road,  and  constituted  the  left  attacking  column,  with  the 
Forty-fourth,  commanded  by  Lieutentant- Colonel  James  Moore,  in 
reserve  and  partially  covering  the  interval  between  the  Tenth  and  the 
road.  With  these  dispositions  made.  General  Chalmers  would  be 
prepared  to  advance  on  the  enemy's  works. 

As  the  Tenth  Mississippi  marched  by  the  left  flank  on  the  crest  of 
yonder  hill  in  order  to  be  opposite  the  Federal  right,  which  was  a 
fortified  eminence  covering  the  bridge,  the  enemy  beyond  the  dense 
fog  that  overhung  the  intervening  valley  could  be  plainly  seen  stand- 
ing in  compact  line  behind  their  works  with  guns  shimmering  in  the 
morning  sun,  and  announced  their  readiness  by  discharging  at  occa- 


476  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

sional  intervals  a  single  piece  of  artillery  with  such  accuracy  that  the 
first  shot  struck  the  head  of  my  company,  wounding  Privates  M.  S. 
Leopard,  E.  J.  Hudson  and  W.  B.  Lesley  ;  another,  fired  on  our 
right,  cut  the  flag  staff  of  the  Twenty-ninth  regiment  in  twain. 

By  the  time  the  Tenth  got  in  position,  Captain  Watt  L.  Strickland, 
of  the  brigade  staff,  rode  hastily  up  and  said  :  "Colonel,  the  General 
orders  you  to  charge."  After  indicating  the  danger  and  hazard  of 
the  enterprise,  Colonel  Smith  replied  in  substance:  "To  charge  now, 
before  the  right  is  ready,  will  draw  upon  me  the  concentrated  fire  of 
the  enemy.  Will  I  not  be  too  soon?"  "No,"  replied  Strickland, 
"the General  says,  '  charge  now,'  "  to  which  Colonel  Smith  made  re- 
sponse, "The  duty  is    mine,  the  responsibility  belongs  elsewhere." 

Then,  pointing  to  the  felled  timber  in  the  enemy's  immediate  front 
and  to  a  fence  standing  to  our  side  of  it.  Colonel  Smith  instructed  his 
company  commanders  that  as,  when  the  order  to  advance  would  be 
given,  it  would  be  preceded  with  the  command,  "  By  the  right  of  com- 
pany to  the  front,' '  he  desired  them  in  advancing  to  preserve  well  the 
interval,  so  that  on  reaching  the  fence  and  throwing  it  down,  the  com- 
panies, after  passing  through,  would  be  in  position,  on  the  order 
"  Companies  into  line"  being  given,  to  promptly  form  regimental 
front.  Then  followed  in  his  usual  clarion  tones  the  command,  "  By 
the  right  of  companies  to  the  front,  forward,  double-quick,  march  !  " 
Through  an  open  field  of  a  full  quarter  of  a  mile,  under  fire  from  the 
enemy's  artillery  and  small  arms  behind  formidable  entrenchments,  the 
Tenth  advanced  at  a  "double-quick,"  with  Colonel  Smith  proudly 
leading  on  horseback.  Passing  over  the  intervening  space  without 
serious  damage,  and  throwing  down  the  fence  that  skirted  the  timber, 
we  found  the  abattis  of  beech  trees  beyond  so  arranged  as  to  render 
it  impossible,  on  receiving  the  order  "  Companies  into  line,"  to  form 
regimental  front.  Protecting  themselves  as  well  as  possible,  the  troops 
were  enabled,  after  receiving  terrible  damage,  to  silence  the  enemy's 
fire  from  the  fortifications.  In  this  position  we  remained  several  hours 
without  being  able,  on  account  of  the  timber  and  the  conformation 
of  the  ground,  to  see  or  hear  from  our  brigade,  center  or  right.  It 
so  happened  that  when  Colonel  Smith  reached  the  felled  timber  he 
struck  a  narrow  path,  left  by  the  enemy  in  the  abattis,  when,  waiving 
his  sword  over  his  head  and  pointing  to  an  opening  in  the  works, 
cried  out:  "Follow  me  in!"  Then,  yielding  to  the  hazardous  im- 
pulses of  his  knightly  nature,  he  rode  straighr  forward,  to  be  shot 
from  his  horse  in  the  narrow  space  between  the  abattis  and  the  forti- 
fications.    Our  Lieutenant-Colonel,  James  Bullard,  a  brave  old  man, 


The  Monument  at  Munfordsville.  477 

had  fallen  on  the  extreme  right  of  the  regiment,  just  as  we  reached 
the  matted  mass  of  beech,  he  and  his  horse  torn  to  pieces  by  canister 
shot. 

The  Forty-fourth  Mississippi,  which,  when  the  attack  was  made, 
was  left  in  reserve  on  the  crest  of  the  hill,  was  soon  ordered  to  ad- 
vance to  the  support  of  the  Tenth.  Reaching  the  felled  timber,  and 
taking  shelter  behind  stumps  and  logs  in  the  interval  to  the  right  of 
the  Tenth,  they,  too,  succeeded  in  silencing  the  enemy's  fire  in 
their  front.  Its  brave  commander,  Lieutenant  Colonel  Moore,  fell 
mortally  wounded  in  the  vain  effort  to  reform  his  men  in  this  inex- 
tricable mass  of  felled  and  pointed  timber. 

For  awhile,  as  we  were  afterward  informed,  the  assault  by  our  right, 
made  after  the  Tenth  had  become  engaged,  promised  success.  The 
Twenty-ninth,  Ninth,  and  Seventh  regiments,  after  a  gallant  charge, 
reached  the  wide  and  deep  ditch  around  Fort  Craig,  and  the  fortifi- 
cations adjacent.  These  troops  on  reaching  the  ditch  had  been 
ordered  to  lie  down.  In  that  position  they  kept  up  their  fire,  and 
soon  had  the  Federals  so  they  dared  not  raise  their  heads  above  the 
parapet.  The  United  States  flag  flying  above  the  fort  was  riddled  by 
the  bullets  from  Walthall's  guns  They  had  been  in-  this  position 
only  a  short  time  when  a  piece  of  artillery  belonging  to  Scott's  Loui- 
siana cavalry,  which  had  come  upon  the  field  without  the  knowledge 
of  General  Chalmers,  opened  fire  a  short  distance  to  the  northeast, 
and  unfortunately  threw  shell  so  near  to  our  assaulting  column  as  to 
cause  some  confusion  in  that  part  of  our  line,  and  prompted  General 
Chalmers,  who  thought  it  a  Federal  gun,  to  order  the  Ninth  to  charge 
it.  The  Ninth  had  moved  but  a  short  distance,  however,  toward  the 
artillery,  when  General  Chalmers,  who,  in  the  meantime,  had  ridden 
in  that  direction,  discovered  that  it  was  a  friendly  gun,  and  stopped 
the  firing.  He  then  gave  orders  for  the  Ninth  to  withdraw  into  a 
piece  of  woodland  out  of  the  enemy's  range,  and  at  the  same  time, 
for  some  reason  satisfactory  to  himself,  sent  orders  for  the  withdrawal 
of  the  troops  assaulting  Fort  Craig.  On  receiving  the  order  to  with 
draw,  Walthall  left  at  the  ditch  his  senior  Captain,  Robert  Robson, 
with  his  company,  a  brave  old  soldier,  nearing  his  sixtieth  winter, 
with  orders  to  keep  up  a  fire,  until  the  regiment,  which  he  thought 
would  not  be  in  the  meantime  missed,  got  to  the  woods,  several  hun- 
dred yards  off,  and  then  to  scatter  and  reach  him  as  best  they  could. 
The  result  was,  that  the  only  casualities,  in  making  the  successful 
retreat,  were  two  men  wounded. 

The  gallantry  of  these  troops,  and  the  splendid  handling  of  them, 


478  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

was  reported  to  General  Bragg,  who,  on  the  capture  of  the  place  on 
the  17th  following,  directed  that  the  flag  which  was  floating  over  the 
fort  on  the  14th  be  presented  to  the  Twenty-ninth  regiment,  but  it 
turned  out  that  the  colors  were  not  to  be  found  among  the  surren- 
dered trophies,  and  were  probably  borne  off  as  part  of  some  soldier's 
undearwear. 

After  the  lapse  of  several  hours  from  the  time  the  Tenth  made  its 
charge,  and  during  a  lull  in  the  firing,  soon  following  the  withdrawal 
of  the  troops  from  and  near  Fort  Craig,  a  white  flag  was  seen  emerg- 
ing from  behind  the  enemy's  fortifications  in  the  immediate  front  of 
the  Tenth  regiment.  It  proved  to  be  a  flag  of  truce,  and  was  borne 
out  by  a  young  Captain  in  an  Indiana  regiment,  directly  facing  the 
position  of  my  company  (K),  and  was  met  by  me  about  midway 
between  our  lines.  I  was  then  informed  that  General  Chalmers, 
under  a  flag  of  truce,  sent  in  on  our  right,  had  demanded  the  sur- 
render of  the  Federal  troops;  that  the'demand  had  been  refused,  but 
that  an  armistice  for  the  purpose  of  removing  the  dead  and  wounded 
had  been  agreed  to,  and  that  ten  minutes'  notice  would  be  given 
before  the  flag  was  withdrawn.  These  facts  were  communicated  by 
me  to  our  men,  who  at  once  began  to  remove  the  dead  and  wounded, 
together  with  their  guns  and  accoutrements,  and  continued  until 
everything  of  value  had  been  carried  to  the  woods,  from  whence  we 
commenced  the  attack.  On  retiring  with  the  withdrawal  of  the  flag, 
and  reaching  our  men  in  rear,  I  found  that  the  dead  were  being  hastily 
buried,  and  the  living  were  preparing  for  a  speedy  return  to  Cave 
City. 

Two  days  later  General  Bragg  moved  up  with  the  greater  part  of 
his  army  and  surrounded  these  troops,  then  reinforced  and  com- 
manded by  Colonel  C.  L.  Dunham.  For  this  purpose  he  crossed  a 
part  of  Polk's  corps  to  the  north  side  of  Green  river,  and  upon  the 
eminences  there  had  placed  a  number  of  field  pieces  completely  com- 
manding the  fortifications  below,  with  instructions  to  open  fire  at  early 
dawn  the  next  (17th)  morning.  Surrounded  by  overwhelming  num- 
bers, and  realizing  their  utterly  hopeless  condition.  Colonel  Dun- 
ham, who  had  reached  there  with  his  regiment  after  the  fight  on  the 
14th,  superseding  Colonel  Wilder  in  the  command,  yielded  before 
day  on  the  morning  of  the  17th  to  the  demand  of  General  Bragg  for 
their  surrender.  The  troops  surrendered  consisted  of  the  Seven- 
teenth, Forty-third,  Sixty-seventh,  Sixty-eighth  and  Sixty-ninth  In- 
diana Regiments,  a  company  of  Louisville  cavalry,  a  part  of  the 
Fourth   Ohio   and   a    section   of   the   Thirteenth    Indiana    battery, 


The  Monument,  at  Munfordsville.  479 

amounting  in  all  to  about  4500  men  and  ten  guns,  together  with  a 
large  supply  of  Quartermaster  and  Commissary  stores.  At  an  early 
hour  on  the  morning  of  Wednesday,  the  17th  of  September,  just 
twenty-two  years  ago  to  day,  the  Tenth  Mississippi  regiment,  in  re- 
turn for  and  in  compliment  of  its  gallant  fight  on  the  14th,  was 
marched  in  to  receive  the  surrender  of  the  troops  and  take  possession 
of  the  forts.  Our  brave  foes,  who  had  been  accorded  very  reasonable 
terms,  were  on  the  same  day  marched  back  to  the  lines  of  General 
Buell  and  paroled.  Thus  ended  the  battle  and  surrender  of  Mun- 
fordsville,  which  we  have  to-day  gathered  to  recall,  and  to  embalm  in 
memory  and  perpetuate  in  marble  the  deeds  of  our  heroes  who  fell  in 
that  rash,  ill-advised  and  sacrificial  fight — heroes  as  noble  as  ever 
gave  their  lives  for  "country  or  honor." 

On  our  retreat  from  here  the  evening  of  the  14th,  Colonel  Smith 
was  carried  to  a  house  in  the  neighborhood  and  left  in  charge  of  his 
body-servant  Henry,  the  Sergeant  Major,  William  French,  and  his 
brother-in-law.  Captain  Dodson,  of  his  regiment,  and  lived  until  after 
the  surrender  on  the  17th,  his  last  thoughts  reaching  out  for  the  wel- 
fare and  concern  of  his  men.  His  remains  were  temporarily  interred 
near  the  scene  of  his  death  until  the  following  March,  when  the  lov- 
ing care  of  a  sister  and  nephew,  who,  by  permission  of  the  authori- 
ties came  through  the  lines  and  removed  them  to  the  admiring  fellow- 
citizens  of  his  adopted  city,  where  they  were  finally  deposited  with 
honor  and  reverence.  In  the  beautiful  Cemetery  at  Jackson,  Miss., 
can  be  seen  a  circular  plot  of  ground  surrounded  by  a  tasteful  iron 
railing,  inclosing  a  Scotch  granite  shaft  with  the  following  inscrip- 
tion: "Erected  to  the  memory  of  Colonel  R.  A.  Smith,  of  the  Tenth 
Mississippi  regiment.  Confederate  States  army,  a  native  of  Edinburgh, 
who  fell  mortally  wounded  in  the  battle  of  Munfordsville,  Ky.,  Sep- 
tember 14,  1862,  while  gallantly  leading  in  the  charge.  Aged  twenty- 
six  years.  Erected  by  his  fellow-citizens."  In  Dean  cemetery,  Edin- 
burg,  Scotland,  a  similar  monument  with  almost  like  inscription  can 
be  seen,  which  a  brother's  love  erected  as  a  tribute  of  his  grief  and 
reverence. 

Having  been  first  the  color-bearer,  then  adjutant  of  his  regiment 
by  appointment  of  Colonel  Smith,  and  at  the  time  of  his  death  a  Cap- 
tain commanding  a  company  under  him,  and  from  our  entry  into  the 
service,  personal  and  intimate  friends,  I  am  prepared  to  sympathize 
with  that  brother's  grief,  and  to  add  that  in  my  opinion  the  loss  of 
that  brave  and  intrepid  soldier  and  true  man  was  the  greatest  blow  to 
the  Mississippi  troops  of  any  that  happened   during  the   Kentucky 


480  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

compaign.  To  the  Tenth  Mississippi  the  loss  was  irreparable.  The 
star  of  their  destiny  had  been  extinguished,  and  its  brave  men  could 
never  afterward,  in  following  another,  feel  the  same  soldierly  pride  or 
patriotic  hope. 

Perhaps  it  will  be  said  that  his  dash  and  bravery  when  in  action 
were  not  uncommon  traits  of  the  Confederate  soldier;  that  under  the 
"stimulus  of  excited  physical  faculties  and  of  the  moving  passions" 
the  same  was  true  of  thousands  of  those  who  fell  in  or  survived  the  late 
war.  That  is  so,  but  no  one  who  had  known  Colonel  Smith,  or  had  ob- 
served him  well,  could  fail  to  discover  that  his  was  a  different  charac- 
ter and  of  a  more  earnest  type  than  was  that  of  most  soldiers  who 
were  equally  brave  and  dashing. 

We  need  portray  him  only  as  he  was  looked  upon  by  his  troops — 
brave,  earnest,  single-minded  and  unassuming — a  devotee  to  duty, 
"who  softened  its  asperities  to  others,"  causing  those  who  knew  him 
best  to  admire  him  most.  "  Self-restraint,  which  has  been  termed  the 
highest  form  of  self-assertion,"  is  a  marked  characteristic  of  the  race 
from  which  Colonel  Smith  sprung,  and  was  possessed  by  him  in  an 
eminent  degree.  He  never  gave  way  to  "moods,"  and  only  when 
the  necessities  of  discipline  demanded,  would  he  inflict  upon  the  dis- 
obedient or  unworthy  the  pain  of  his  frown,  and  even  then  his  better 
nature  would  soon  assert  itself  in  the  charms  of  his  favor.  No  man, 
woman  or  child  could  be  more  tender  when  deserving  ones  sought 
his  sympathy.  No  warrior  could  be  more  stern  when  duty  prompted 
reproof.  The  refinements  of  his  nature  would  not  brook  the  slangs 
and  abuses  of  speech,  nor  tolerate  evil  words  or  evil  surmises.  His 
devotion  to  the  care  and  welfare  of  the  men  under  him  was  intense, 
and  he  was  always  ready  to  sacrifice  his  own  pleasure,  his  time  and 
labor  to  them. 

With  his  death  this  "  hastily  written  and  imperfect  eulogy  of  a 
typical  Confederate  soldier  and  officer"  must  end,  in  time  for  me  to 
turn  to  "pay  brief  but  heartfelt  homage"  to  another — one  who  has 
come  across  3,000  miles  of  the  Atlantic's  blue  waters  to  meet  us  to- 
day and  make  to  us  this  graceful  expression  of  his  fraternal  love  and 
friendship.  It  is  something  ennobling  to  behold  the  love,  friendship 
and  reverence  which  prompted  this  occasion  and  which  is  manifested 
in  this  demonstration  by  the  living  brother  to  the  memory  of  the 
dead.  It  is  rarely  that  we  see  this  better  nature  of  man  so  pro- 
nounced in  its  expression,  and  for  this  reason  it  deserves  more  than  a 
passing  notice. 

My  comrades,  in  Mr.  James  Smith,  our  honored  friend  and  host, 


The  Monument  at  Munfordaville.  481 

whom  it  is  my  pleasure  to  meet  to-day  for  the  first  time,  though  many 
letters  and  mementoes  have  passed  between  us,  I  feel  that  as  individ- 
uals and  as  Mississippians,  yea,  as  citizens  of  the  late  Confederate 
States,  we  behold  a  friend,  a  benefactor  and  a  patriot,  and  one  whose 
philanthropy  and  generous  love  is  something  too  pure  and  sublime 
not  to  rivet  our  acknowledgement  and  esteem.  As  one  who  had  re- 
sided on  the  soil  of  Mississippi  and  knew  her  people  and  institutions 
well,  his  sympathies  were  enlisted  in  her  behalf  during  those  dark 
days  when  she  most  needed  friends  abroad.  At  no  time  during  the 
struggle  did  Mississippi  or  the  Confederacy  look  to  him  in  vain.  His 
princely  fortune  was  tributary  to  their  necessities,  and  more  than  once 
his  active  support  received  the  grateful  recognition  of  the  State  and 
Confederate  authorities.  The  deposed  Chief  of  the  Confederacy  was 
his  friend,  and  he  permits  no  opportunity  to  pass  to  manifest  his  at- 
tachment to  his  person  and  to  the  cause  which  was  forever  eclipsed 
in  his  fall.  During  a  long  life,  and  even  before  fortune  had  so 
generously  smiled  upon  and  blessed  his  efforts,  he  has  been  noted  for 
his  deeds  of  charity.  His  private  benefactions  are  only  equaled  by 
his  public  philanthropy.  When  I  received,  in  November  last,  a  let- 
ter from  him  informing  me  that  during  his  visit  to  this  country,  the 
June  previous,  he  had  purchased  a  spot  of  the  field  of  action  here, 
and  would  erect  a  great  stone  "  as  an  imperishable  mark  of  the  place 
of  sacrifice,"  and  within  the  very  massive  inclosure  to  be  built,  any 
who  are  interested  in  the  dead  of  that  battlefield,  from  Mississippi, 
were  invited  to  deposit  their  remains,  all  the  better  impulses  of  my 
nature  went  out  across  the  broad  Atlantic  to  the  home  of  this  good 
man,  who,  in  honoring  the  memory  of  his  dead  brother,  did  not  for- 
get to  honor  Mississippi. 

Sensible  of  the  gratitude  Mississippians  would  feel  for  this  exhibit 
of  patriotism  and  crowning  act  of  generosity,  I  prepared  and  intro- 
duced in  the  Senate  of  my  State  the  following  resolution,  which 
passed  both  branches  of  the  Legislature,  and  became  a  law  by  the 
prompt  and  cordial  approval  of  the  Governor,  February  7,  1884. 

Whereas,  in  the  fatal  and  unfortunate  battle  of  Munfordsville,  on 
Green  river,  Kentucky,  on  the  14th  of  September,  1862,  quite  a 
number  of  soldiers  from  Mississippi, belonging  to  the  Seventh,  Ninth, 
Tenth,  Twenty-ninth  and  Forty-fourth  Mississippi  regiments,  gave 
up  their  lives  in  the  service  of  the  State,  and  by  their  gallantry  and 
unselfish  devotion  to  the  cause,  to  which  the  State  had  pledged  its 
sacred  honor,  reflected  new  and  enduring  luster  upon  its  name;  and. 

Whereas,  Mr.  James  Smith,  of  Glasgow,  Scotland,  once  an 
4 


482  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

honored  citizen  of  Mississippi,  and  now,  as  always,  interested  in  every- 
thing that  contributes  to  the  glory  of  her  history,  has  purchased  a 
spot  of  the  field  of  action  prominent  in  position  near  the  railroad, 
which,  at  his  own  expense,  is  now  walled  in,  and  a  cenotaph,  some 
twenty  feet  high,  and  of  fifteen  to  twenty  tons  weight,  is  being  firmly 
fixed  on  the  site  as  an  imperishable  mark  of  the  place  of  sacrifice, 
with  the  simple  inscription :  "  Erected  in  memory  of  the  sacrifice  of 
the  Tenth  Mississippi  regiment,  commanded  by  Colonel  Robert  A. 
Smith,"  and  has  generously  offered  to  any  who  are  interested  in  the 
remains  of  those  of  the  Seventh,  Ninth,  Tenth,  Twenty-ninth  and 
Forty-fourth  Mississippi  regiments,  which  lie  buried  on  and  near  the 
field  of  action,  to  deposit  their  remains  within  the  massive  inclosure; 
and, 

Whereas,  individual  enterprise,  on  the  part  of  those  who  have 
relatives  among  those  fallen  heroes,  may  be  inadequate  to  the  task  of 
properly  transferring  their  remains  to  the  inclosure,  where  they  would 
forever  rest  under  the  shadow  of  the  monolith,  erected  to  commem- 
orate their  valor  and  tragic  fate,  and  where  their  honored  ashes  would 
be  safe  from  intrusion  or  disturbance  for  all  time;  and, 

Whereas,  Their  disinterment  and  removal,  if  intrusted  to  the 
care  of  a  safe,  reliable  citizen  in  the  vicinity,  under  the  supervision  of 
the  authorities  of  this  State,  could  be  judiciously  performed,  and  at 
a  comparatively  small  expense  to  the  State;  therefore, 

Be  it  resolved  by  the  Legislature  of  the  State  of  Mississippi,  That 
the  sum  of  $500,  or  as  much  thereof  as  may  be  necessary,  be  and  the 
same  is  hereby  appropriated  out  of  any  money  in  the  State  Treasury, 
not  otherwise  appropriated  for  the  purposes  recited  in  the  foregoing 
preamble ;  the  Auditor  to  issue  his  warrant  therefor  on  the  requisition 
of  the  Governor,  and  that  the  Governor  be  requested  to  correspond 
with  Anthony  L.  Woodson,  of  Woodsonville,  Ky.,  and  make  such 
arrangements  with  him,  or  other  suitable  person,  as  may  be  deemed 
advisable,  for  the  removal  of  the  dead  and  erecting  suitable  white 
marble  slabs,  upon  which  shall  be  engraven  the  names  of  such  as  can 
be  ascertained,  one  each  to  the  dead  of  the  several  regiments  so  rein- 
terred. 

Be  it  further  resolved,  That  this  resolution  take  effect  from  and 
after  its  passage. 

The  labor  of  love  which  has  cost  the  noble  giver  much  anxious 
thought  has  at  length  been  satisfactorily  achieved,  and  we  have  assem- 
bled here  to-day  to  witness  and  assist  in  the  crowning  act  of  its  com- 
pletion. 


The  Monument  at  Munfordsville.  483 

I  have  to  express  the  satisfaction  that  not  only  the  remains  of  all 
Mississippians  lying  on  and  near  this  battlefield,  including  those  of 
the  noble  and  ever-gallant  little  band— the  Ninth  battalion  of  sharp- 
shooters, that  by  inadvertence  were  not  mentioned,  yet  in  spirit  are 
embraced  in  the  resolution  of  their  State  Legislature — have  been  dis- 
interred and  their  bones  deposited  within  this  inclosure,  but  that 
suitable  white  marble  headstones  which  a  grateful  State  made  provi- 
sion for,  have  been  erected,  one  each  to  the  dead  of  the  several  com- 
mands engaged  in  battle  here. 

With  many  acknowledgements  for  the  munificence,  the  patriotism 
and  public  spirit  which  are  exhibited  here,  not  for  the  first  time,  by 
our  noble-hearted  benefactor,  and  with  profound  regard  and  rever- 
ence for  the  sentiment  to  be  commemorated,  I  shall  now,  with  the 
assistance  of  my  young  lady  friend,  a  daughter  of  our  noble  host, 
and  by  birth  a  Mississippian,  proceed  to  the  unveiling  of  the  monu- 
ment, which  I  feel  all  will  say  crowns  the  giver  of  it  with  honor ;  does 
honor  to  the  skilled  sculptors  of  it,  and  reflects  imperishable  honor 
upon  the  State  of  Mississippi  and  her  brave  sons  who  fell  here  twenty- 
two  years  ago. 

REMARKS  BY  MR.  WATTS. 

I  have  been  deputed  by  my  friend  Mr.  James  Smith,  under  whose 
auspices  I  have  come  from  old  Scotland  to  take  part  in  this  most 
touching  ceremony,  to  tender  to  Mr.  Woodson,  on  his  behalf  and  on 
behalf  of  his  family  and  friends,  their  warmest  thanks  for  the  great 
interest  and  trouble  he  has  taken  in  connection  with  the  proceedings 
of  to-day.  I  can  readily  believe  from  Mr.  Woodson's  well-known 
sympathy  with  the  cause  and  with  the  occasion  of  our  gathering,  that 
he  looks  for  no  return;  but  we  feel  that  we  could  not  separate  with- 
out recording  in  the  strongest  terms  our  appreciation  of  his  noble  and 
generous  conduct.  And  while  on  my  feet  will  you  allow  me  to  ex- 
press how  profoundly  impressed  I  have  been  with  to-day's  proceed- 
ings; for  I  had  the  honor  of  Colonel  Robert  A.  Smith's  acquaintance, 
and  little  did  I  think  when  last  he  was  in  Scotland,  and  we  wandered 
amidst  the  western  highlands  of  my  native  land  and  climbed  the  hills 
together,  that  I  was  never  to  see  him  in  the  flesh  again ;  that  my  first 
visit  to  this  great  country  should  be  a  pilgrimage  to  the  scenes  of  his 
early  death.  But  so  it  was  ordained  to  be.  "  Whom  the  gods  love 
die  young."  And,  as  oftentimes  in  the  past  I  have  shared  in  the 
joys  and  pleasures  of  my  dear  friend,  Mr.  James  Smith,  so  now  I  am 
thankful  to  have  the  privilege  of  standing  by  his  side  on  this — to  him 


484  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  to  many  of  us — sacred  spot,  and  from  our  common  grief  derive 
a  closer  bond. 

My  friends,  I  feel  that  this  is  scarcely  a  fitting  occasion  to  speak  at 
length  of  the  terrible  struggle  which,  for  a  while,  rent  this  great  con- 
tinent. The  war  is  ended,  the  strife  has  ceased,  the  result  has  been 
accepted,  and  all  that  we  can  do  is  to  pray  that  a  bright  future  still 
awaits  the  Sunny  South.  But  I  cannot  resist  the  opportunity  of  say- 
ing that  my  heart — aye,  and  the  hearts  of  thousands  of  my  country- 
men— were  with  you  in  that  hour  of  agony.  We  felt,  instinctively,  that 
you  were  fighting  for  your  hearths  and  homes,  and  I  know  no  greater 
heroes  in  the  annals  of  the  Old  or  New  Worlds  than  Generals  Lee 
or  Jackson,  and  many  other  of  your  leaders.  Why,  to  us  Scotch- 
men, these  men  appeared,  not  only  as  brilliant  commanders,  but  as 
the  very  incarnation  of  patriotism  and  self-sacrifice,  recalling  to  us 
the  magic  names  of  our  Wallace  and  of  our  Bruce.  True,  your 
leaders  did  not  win  success,  but  they  did  better,  they  deserved  it ; 
and  even  the  graves  of  your  dear  departed  proclaim  the  truth,  that 
there  is  no  nobler  sentiment  or  abiding  virtue  than  the  love  of  coun- 
try and  of  independence. 

They  are  gone,  but  their  spirits  still  dwell  among  us.  What 
might  have  been,  under  different  auspices,  and  had  success  crowned 
your  leaders'  arms,  I  know  not ;  but  of  this  I  am  certain,  that  they 
have  bequeathed  to  you  a  heritage  of  patriotism  and  renown  which 
most  nations  may  well  covet,  and  which  you  cannot  too  highly  prize. 

CASUALTIES    IN    BATTLE    OF   MUNFORDSVILLE. 

Grand  total:  killed,  40;  wounded,  211.  Field  Officers:  i  killed, 
2  mortally  wounded,  and  i  severely  wounded ;  total,  4. 

NAMES    OF   THE    KILLED. 

Blythe's  Regiment. — Company  B,  Corporal  Whitter;  Company 
D,  Second  Lieutenant  James  Paine;  Company  F,  Martin  Cantrell; 
Company  L,  Patrick  Britt,  August  Levesa — 5. 

Seventh  Regiment. — Company  A,  Corporal  J.  V.  Whittington; 
Company  C,  W.  C.  Little,  T.  F.  Reynolds,  F.  W.  Cox,  W.  R.  Rat- 
cliff;  Company  K,  W.  H.  Durham. 

Ninth  Regim,ent. — Company  A,  J.  Davis  ;   Company  F,  Archibald 

B.  Wright;  Company  H,  A.  T.  Dennis,  V.  A.  Carraway,  L.  K.  A. 
Pearce,  Richard  Scott;  Company  I,  T.  C.  Bardin ;   Company  K,  W. 

C.  Nesbitt,  J.  J.  Laughter. 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  485 

Tenth  Regiment. — Colonel  R.  A.  Smith,  mortally  wounded,  died 
afterward;  Lieutenant-Colonel  Bullard  ;  Company  H,  R.  A.  Pasko  ; 
Company  C,  Thomas  J.  Brown,  H.  E  Barten,  Joseph  Pruden,  James 
Buchanan;  Company  D,  John  Murphy;  Company  E,  Sergeant 
Lem.  Supples;  Company  I,  W.  T.  Holloway;  Company  K,  Ira 
Cole,  A.  T.  Johnson,  F.  L.  Kelly,  W.  R.  Turner,  William  M.  Drury, 
J.  J.  Keith. 

Twenty -ninth  Regiment. — Company  B,  A.  J.  Burnett,  E.  S.  Sad- 
ley,  A.  W.  Squires ;  Company  G,  Corporal  H.  Russiale,  John  Wil- 
liams, John  Yeager ;  Company  K,  C.  R.  Dowsing,  R.  T.  Court. 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions. 
By  B.  J.  Sage. 

CORRECTION   OF   ERRORS. 

The  South  fought  for  the  enjoym.ent  of  independeyice  in  a  separate 
Unio7i,  and  lost.  But  God's  truths  cannot  go  down  in  a  human 
fight.  Facts  are  indestructible.  The  States,  the  citizens  thereof,  the 
Constitution,  its  words  and  meanings,  the  public  records,  the  ratifica- 
tions of  the  States  that  gave  to  the  Constitution  all  its  life  and  va- 
lidity— all  these  are  facts  that  lived  through  the  fighting  unchanged. 
No  thoughtful  person  of  eminence  ever  considered  them  involved 
in  the  "Lost  Cause,"  or  affected  by  the  result  of  the  war.  "After 
fighting,"  said  Lincoln,  "you  must  meet  and  setde;  our  Federal 
amendments  measure  the  change  that  was  made.  They  did  not  change 
the  polity." 

Common  sense,  then,  shows  that  a  separate  Union  was  the  cause 
the  South  lost,  and  that  bringing  the  States  back  to  the  written  Con- 
stitution, was  the  cause  the  North  won. 

I,  therefore,  in  correcting  some  errors,  deal  with  the  Constitution, 
its  establishment,  its  history,  and  its  meaning,  as  facts.  The  task  is  to 
state  and  describe,  not  to  interpret  or  construe. 

I.__PROFESSOR    BLEDSOE    AND  "  P.  C.  CENTZ,"   ON  D.WIS'S   .\LLEGED 

TREASON. 

The  first  edition  of  the  "Republic  of  Republics,  by  "  P.  C.  Centz 
Barrister,"  was  published  in  London  in  the  summer  of  1S65,  under 
the  title  of  "  Davis  and  Lee,"  &c. ;  and  a  second  edition  was  issued 


486  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

in  New  York  the  following  winter.  The  great  aim  of  the  work  was 
to  show  that  Davis  and  the  other  Confederate  leaders  were  not 
traitors,  and  could  not  be  lawfully  punished  as  such.  The  author  in 
his  introductory  statement  styled  his  work  "  Advance  Chapters,  to 
declare  and  show  that  no  gibbet  can  be  erected  for  Davis  and  Lee 
and  the  other  Confederate  Chiefs,  except  on  ground  that  is  composed 
solely  of  falsehood  and  fraud y 

In  1866,  Professor  Bledsoe  published  his  work  entitled:  "Is  Davis 
a  Traitor,"  making  substantially  the  same  argument,  and  presenting, 
in  a  large  measure,  the  same  authorities. 

Judge  Charles  E.  Fenner,  in  an  admirable  discourse  delivered  at 
the  unveiling  of  the  Lee  statue  in  New  Orleans  on  the  22d  of  Feb- 
ruary, 1884,  credits  Professor  Bledsoe's  work  with  being  the  first  to 
explain  why  the  phrase,  "  We,  the  people  of  the  United  States,"  in- 
stead of  "We,  the  people  of  the  States,"  became  the  phrase  of  the 
Constitution. 

To  correct  this  error,  which  is  based  on  a  seeming  claim  of  Pro- 
fessor B.  himself,  and  at  the  same  time  to  refute  the  base  and  baseless 
heresy  that  ours  is  a  National  instead  of  a  Federal  polity,  I  beg  leave 
to  quote  the  following  passage  from  the  aforesaid  work  of  Mr.  Centz, 
pp.  65,  68 : 

"a  few  conclusive  historical  facts. 

*'  But  this  is  not,  and  it  never  was,  a  case  of  doubt  or  ambiguity  requiring 
hermeneutics.  The  facts  are  so  plain  and  decisive  against  these  advocates, 
that,  as  is  evident,  they  have  labored  to  evade  or  suppress  them.  They  knew 
that  the  phrase,  'the  people,'  so  far  as  political  action  of  the  highest  nature 
was  concerned,  must  have  meant  the  people  of  the  then  existent  political  or- 
ganizations, and  not  a  mass  or  nation  with  unified  power  and  modes  of 
acting,  because  the  same  people  that  they  would  fain  consider  as  a  nation, 
was  just  then,  and  was  always,  divided  into  thirteen  most  distinct  political 
bodies,  which  were  acknowledged  by  Great  Britain  to  be  respectively  sove- 
reign, and  were  at  the  moment  of  final  action  on  the  Federal  Constitution, 
described  as  follows :  '  Each  State  retains  its  sovereignty,  freedom  and  inde- 
pendence.' Hence,  'We,  the  people  of  the  United  States'  meant,  we,  the 
people  of  the  States  that  are  united. 

"  Now  we  are  prepared  for  the  historical  fact  well  known  to  but  not  men- 
tioned by  Dane,  Story  and  Webster,  viz:  that  the  preamble,  unanimously 
adopted  by  the  Federal  Convention  for  the  proposed  Constitution,  was  as 
follows :  '  We  the  people  of  the  States  of  New  Hampshire,  Massachusetts, 
Rhode  Island,  Connecticut,  New  York,  New  Jersey,  Pennsylvania,  Dela- 
ware, Maryland,  Virginia,  North  Carolina,  South  Carolina  and  Georgia,  do 
ordain,  declare,  and  establish  the  following  Constitution  for  the  govern- 
ment of  ourselves  and  our  posterity:   Article  I.  The  style  of  the  government 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  487 

shall  be  The  United  States  of  America.'  &c.  Hut  the  whole  instrument, 
after  being  agreed  upon  and  adopted,  article  by  article,  was  placed  in  the 
hands  of  a  committee  of  revision,  who  reported  it  back  considerably 
changed  and  improved  in  mere  form.  As  to  the  preamble,  the  generaliza- 
tion: 'We.  the  people  of  the  United  States,'  was  substituted  as  an  equiva- 
lent to  a  specification  of  the  States.  This  was  proper  for  the  reason  that  the 
Constitution  was  to  take  effect  when  ratified  by  nine  States,  and  it  might 
result  that  some  would  be  named,  though  not  in  the  Union. 

"  It  should  further  be  explained  tiiat  the  phrase  '  we,  the  people,'  was  used 
to  contradistinguish  tliis  pact  from  the  previous  one,  which  had  been  ratified 
or  acceded  to  by  the  State  governments — the  mere  creatures  of  the  people ; 
whereas  in  this  case,  it  was  intended  to  connect  the  Federal  Government 
directly  with  and  base  it  upon  the  very  source  of  power — the  people — the 
sovereignty  itself,  making  thirteen  sovereignties,  as  Madison  said,  and  all 
the  fathers  understood  the  constitutors  of  the  new  pact — the  constituents  or 
principals  of  the  new  agency.  As  the  States  were  obliged  to  act  as  organi- 
zations, and  according  to  the  law  of  their  natures,  they  gave  separate  assents, 
and  hence  the  new  was  not  less  a  compact  than  the  old  Constitution,  though 
the  powers  vested  by  it  in  the  government  created,  were  more  extensive 
[see  letter  of  Hamilton  to  Pickering,  1803].  And  the  Convention  accepted 
the  Constitution,  as  revised,  as  their  work,  and  never  reversed  their  solemn 
and  unanimous  approval  of  the  phrase,  '  We,  the  people  of  the  States.' 
Messrs.  Dane  and  Story  must  have  known  this,  when  the  former  penned, 
and  the  latter  quoted  approvingly,  the  following  in  reference  to  the  meaning 
of  the  preamble:  'They  properly  said,  we,  the  people  of  the  United  States, 
do  ordain  and  establish  ;   and  not — we  the  people  of  each  State.'  " 

The  author  then  goes  on  to  state  the  following  corroborative  facts, 
which  I  condense,  to-wit:  that  in  the  Convention  of  1787,  Mr.  Ells- 
worth moved  to  expunge  from  the  plan  of  the  Constitution  "  the 
word  'national,'  and  retain  the  proper  title  '  The  United  States  ;' " 
that  this  was  agreed  to  ?i€m.  con.;  that,  accordingly,  the  word  nationr.l 
was  struck  out  of  the  proposed  "  Articles  of  Union  "  (as  they  were 
then  called)  twenty-six  times ;  that  Ellsworth  stated,  tiem.  dis.,  that 
"  he  wished  the  plan  to  go  forth  as  an  amendment  to  the  articles  of 
confederation;"  that  all  the  States  had  carefully  instructed  their 
deputies  to  make  "  such  alterations  and  provisions  as  would  make 
the  Federal  Constitution  adequate  to  the  exigencies  of  the  Govern- 
ment and  the  preservation  of  the  Union,"  and  had  not  authorized 
them  to  go  further ;  that  the  preamble  adopted  declared  this  union  of 
States  to  be  (in  comparision)  "a  more  perfect  Union;"  that  the 
Convention,  after  maturing  the  plan,  unanimously,  through  the  pen 
of  Washington,  stated  their  aim  to  be  "the /i'</<rra/ Government," 
and  that  the  Congress  of  States  declared  on  the  i3ih  of  September, 
1788,  that  they  had  received  and  filed  the  ratifications  0/  the  Stairs, 


488  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

which  were  provided  by  the  Constitution  itself,  to  be  "  sufficient 
for  the  establishment"   of  it. 

At  the  conclusion  of  his  most  exhaustive  historical  and  constitu- 
tional argument,  the  author  asserts  that  the  whole  case  against  Davis, 
Lee  et  als,  is  based  on  a  perversion  of  the  principles  of  our  polity — 
"based,"  to  use  his  own  language — "solely  on  falsehood,  fraud  and 
violence;  "  and  he  contends  that  "  it  is  only  on  ground,  composed  of 
these  detestable  ingredients  that  their  gibbet  can  be  erected." 

In  December,  1865,  Charles  O'Connor  characterized  the  work  as 
"an  admirably  prepared  and  overwhelmingly  conclusive  brief "  for 
Davis's  defence,  and,  some  time  afterward,  he  employed  the  author  in 
the  case ;  the  Philadelphia  Ledger  stated  that  "  a  most  important 
argument  had  been  received  by  the  President  from  London,  in  which 
are  set  forth  the  reasons  why  Davis  carinot  be  convicted  in  any  court ; " 
and  many  leading  papers  of  that  day  noticed  the  work  as  one  of  ex- 
traordinary research  and  ability,  specially  designed  to  show  that 
Davis  was  no  traitor  and  was  not  punishable  as  such.  In  short,  all 
that  was  valuable  in  the  defensive  argument  of  Professor  Bledsoe, 
delivered  in  1866,  was  given  to  the  world  by  "  P.  C.  Centz,  Barrister," 
in  1865  ;  though  as  a  criticism  and  refutation  of  the  consolidation 
dogmas  of  Story  and  Webster,  Professor  B.'s  work  is  unsurpassed. 

II.    so  WITH  "the  war  between  THE  STATES," 

Which  Hon.  A.  H.  Stephens  published  in  1868.  One  of  its  most  im- 
portant demonstrations  had  been  given,  in  the  same  general  form, 
and  for  the  same  purpose,  by  "  P.  C.  Centz,  Barrister,"  early  in  1865. 
If  Mr.  Stephens  had  quoted  from  "  Davis  and  Lee,"  pp.  22-47,  his 
g^;ound  would  have  been  completely  covered.  In  those  pages  Mr. 
Centz  carefully  gave  the  history  of  each  State's  convention,  debate 
and  ratification,  and  showed  that  "the  people"  who  were  organized 
mid  capable  of  acting  only  as  States,  and  were  actually  named  as 
such  in  the  Constitution,  did,  as  such  political  bodies,  give  to  the  said 
Constitution  its  entirety  of  life  and  legal  force — three  of  them  ratifying, 
and  pro  tanto  establishing,  the  said  Constitution  in  1787,  eight  in  1788, 
one  in  1789,  and  the  last,  Rhode  Island,  in  1790;  and  moreover 
clearly  demonstrated  that  the  said  States  themselves  intended  to  be 
and  remain  the  government — intended,  in  short,  to  remain  republics 
or  self-governing  societies  of  people,  each  to  select  her  gtwta  of  the 
federal  agency  from  her  own  members  or  citizens,  who,  on  being 
selected,  were  empowered  and  sent  by  the  State,  under  her  commis- 
sion and  seal,  to  speak  her  federal  voice,  and  dp  her  federal  duty. 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  489 

Mr.  C.  concluded  his  demonstration  as  follows :  "We  have  now 
patiently  gone  through  all  the  original  States,  and  ascertained  from 
the  testimony  of  the  leading  statesmen,  and  from  the  acts  of  the 
States  themselves,  that  the  Constitution  was  formed  and  vitalized  by 
thirteen  independent  and  concurrent  wills,  each  with  no  superior  on 
earth;  and  we  have  seen  no  great  nationality,  or  national  will,  exer- 
cising itself  on  the  matter  of  government  in  any  sense.  The  dogmas 
of  Dane,  Story  and  Webster  have  been  shown  to  be  untrue  ;  *  * 
all  history  falsifies  their  utterances." 

The  arguments  and  citations,  however,  are  so  obvious  to  one  who 
earnestly  searches  for  the  origin  of  the  Constitution  that  originality  can 
scarcely  be  attributed  to  either  of  the  authors,  and  neither  of  them 
would  be  under  any  obligations  to  give  credit.  And  the  subject  is 
only  referred  to  here  because  many,  who  have  only  seen  Mr.  Centz's 
later  editions,  think  he  copied  from  Mr.  Stephens. 

III.  "is  secession  a  constitutional  right"? 

This  is  the  sub-title  of  Professor  Bledsoe's  book  ;  and  Judge  Fen- 
ner,  in  his  discourse,  also  seems  to  regard  the  question  as  a  Constitu- 
tional one.  As  the  Constitution  has  nothing  express  or  implied  on 
the  subject,  the  right  must  exist — if  at  all — as  an  original  and  in- 
herent one,  in  the  parties  to  the  instrument.  And  there  is  where  it 
is :  the  people  in  a  natural  society,  such  as  a  State  is,  must  have  a 
collective  instinct,  right  and  duty  of  self-preservation,  and  a  collec- 
tive mind — the  aggregatio  rneyitiuni  of  the  people — the  only  govern- 
ing mind  of  the  country.  And  the  only  original,  inherent,  natural 
will,  of  which  sovereignty  or  the  right  of  government  can  be  pre- 
dicated, is  in  the  said  mind,  which  dwells  in  the  body  called  the  State. 
Take,  for  example,  Massachusetts,  New  York,  or  Pennsylvania. 
Everybody  will  admit  that  each  of  these  entities  had,  at  the  making 
of  the  Constitution,  its  own  name,  geography,  people,  organism  and 
political  will,  and  that  they  made  a  voluntary  union.  If  it  is  now 
involuntary,  they  are  again  provinces,  which  they  ceased  to  be  when 
they  achieved  independence  and  statehood  in  the  revolution. 

These  societies  of  people,  named  as  New  York,  Massachusetts, 
Virginia,  &c.,  in  the  first  article  of  the  Constitution,  are  "  the  people 
of  the  United  States."  "  The  people"  never  had  lorm  or  capacity 
for  governmental  action,  except  as  States.  As  James  Wilson  said, 
sovereignty  dwells  in  them  "  after,  as  well  as  before,  a  Constitution  is 
made."     And,  as  Daniel  Webster  said,  "  sovereignty  in  America  is  al- 


490  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

ways  in  the  people,  and  never  in  the  government r  And,  as  no  change 
whatever  was  provided  as  to  name,  geography,  people,  organism, 
mode  of  mental  action,  or  political  will,  of  these  societies,  we  may- 
consider  all  assertions  of  their  degradation  as  falsehoods,  and  not 
mistakes  of  interpretation ! 

Why  did  not  the  great  Republican  leaders,  Chase,  Seward,  Andrew, 
Wilson,  Stevens,  Wade,  Trumbull,  and  others,  when  the)'  shaped  the 
amendments  the  conquering  States  dictated,  prohibit  secession  ?  Be- 
cause they  knew  their  sovereigns.  New  York,  Massachusetts,  Penn- 
sylvania, Ohio  and  Illinois  preferred  the  old  union  of  free  societies  of 
people  to  a  nation  of  counties  ;  and  they  could  not  even  have  hinted 
at  preventing  secession,  and  thereby  chaining  States  ;  and  they  re- 
flected that  risks  and  burdens  must  always  go  with  "  the  blessings  of 
liberty."  Freedom  is  not  freedom  if  restrained  or  qualified.  We 
cannot,  if  we  would,  get  rid  of  a  right  essential  and  vital  to  a  sover- 
eign mind ;  but  we  can  behave  ourselves,  as  Washington  besought 
us  to  do,  and  preserve  justice,  amity  and  mutual  interest,  which  he 
said  were  the  original  motives  and  "sacred  ties  "  of  union.  If  these 
be  preserved,  as  written  and  consecrated  in  the  solemn  preamble,  the 
"  domestic  tranquillity,"  founded  on  content,  preserves  the  intended 
union.     Only  tyrants  and  robbers  want  tied  and  helpless  victims. 

IV.   "two  constructions  of  the  constitution," 

Is  a  common  phrase,  involving  error ;  "  opposite  interpretations  of  a 
written  instrument" — as  Judge  Fenner  euphemistically  puts  it. 
Soon  after  peace,  James  L.  Orr,  of  South  Carolina,  hastened  to 
"bridge  the  bloody  chasm  "  by  telling  the  North  we  differed  with 
her  as  to  the  construction  of  the  Constitution  ;  and  she  proved  ours 
false  by  whipping  us.  By  parity  of  reasoning,  if  you  whip  a  man 
who  denies  your  statement  that  your  horse  is  sixteen  feet  high,  you 
produce  the  monster ;  and  if  you  drive  a  man  from  his  estate,  his 
title  is  bad  and  yours  good  i  The  truth  is,  all  the  fighting  or  force, 
since  Adam,  never  produced  a  truth  or  changed  the  character  of  a  lie. 
And  even  Mr.  Lincoln,  although  favoring  the  northern  "construc- 
tion," said  :  "  When  you  are  done  fighting,  you  must  meet  and  settle 
the  question  you  fight  about." 

THE  contest  is  BETWEEN  TRUTH  AND  UNTRUTH. 

A /r<7/^r  statement  removes  the  error  and  confusion.  One  party 
sticks  to  history,  forming  his  theory  oi  facts,  which  cover  the  ground 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  491 

like  a  Mosaic  pavement.  He  makes  his  case  of  facts,  which  merely 
require  statement,  not  argument  or  interpretation.  Our  polity  is 
real — factual  in  all  its  parts.  The  opposing  theory  is  figments — 
assertion  without  fact.     It  is  speculative  or  doctrinal. 

It  is  obvious  that  when  a  man  says  this  is  a  "  Union  of  States,"  he 
asserts  a  fact ;  he  tells  the  truth,  for  the  Constitution  itself  speaks  of 
the  States  in  this  Union — calls  the  system  "  the  United  States,"  and 
characterizes  all  the  people  as  citizens  of  States.  There  is,  and  can 
be,  no  exegesis,  or  interpretation,  or  construction,  or  doctrine  about 
this.  It  is  simple  truth  ;  but  when  a  man  says  "  these  States  is  a 
nation,"  and  that  the  Union  is  an  association  of  the  people  into  one 
State,  of  which  "the  States  is"  counties,  he  simply  tells  an  ungram- 
matical  falsehood  !  There  is  no  subject  of  construction.  It  is  simply 
a  matter  of  fact  and  history,  and  he  who  maintains  the  contrary  must 
erase  the  records  of  heaven,  for  though  truth  may  be  crushed  to  earth 
here,  it  is  written  down  by  the  recording  angel,  and  it  has  the  guar- 
anty of  God  that  it  shall  endure  through  His  eternal  years!  See 
"  The  Republic  of  Republics"  pp.  50-58,  for  a  clear  exposition  of  the 
matter,  and  an  exposure  of  the  fallacy  of  Mr.  George  T.  Curtis' s 
''two  schools  of  interpretation." 

Again,  it  is  a  true  assertion  that  the  States  themselves  devised  the 
Constitution,  convening  and  voting  as  States  in  doing  so;  also  that 
each  State  ratified  the  compact  by  her  separate  convention  ;  so  that 
the  establishing  of  the  Constitution  was  done  by  the  States;  and 
hence  the  counter-assertion  that  the  nation  made  the  Constitution, 
reserving  to  the  States  their  rights,  and  imposing  delegative  duties 
on  them,  is  entire  untruth,  and  not  erroneous  construction. 

And  as  the  States  were  preexistent,  complete,  self-governing  socie- 
ties ;  as  they  were  named  in  the  first  article  as  political  bodies  ;  as,  by 
their  ratification,  they  were  to  establish  the  polity,  thus  becoming,  as 
Hamilton  said,  "the  parties  to  the  compact,"  or,  as  Webster  said, 
"the  thirteen  Confederated  States;"  as  they  owned  all  the  votes, 
and  were  to  elect,  commission,  and  send  for  Federal  duty,  their 
own  citizens  and  subjects ;  as  they  were  to  be  and  remain  for- 
ever the  amenders  of  the  Constitution ;  as  no  other  potential 
actors  are  provided  for  or  hinted  at,  and,  as  finally  no  change 
whatever  is  made  in  these  original  and  designated  societies,  as 
to  name,  geography,  people,  organism,  mode  of  mental  action, 
or  political  will,  we  may  well  conclude  that  all  assertions  as  to 
their  being  merged  in  a  nation,  or  degraded  from  their  original 
statehood,  are  treasonable  falsehoods,  instead  of  mistakes  of  interpre- 


492  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

tation  !  The  truth  is,  our  statesmen  and  jurists  are  inexcusable  for 
construing  the  Constitution  instead  of  treating  it  factually  as  they 
would  the  person,  lineaments,  and  traits  of  a  king,  or  as  they  would 
the  foundations,  walls,  and  uses  of  a  fort.  The  States  are  "  beautiful 
structures  on  the  broad  beach" — the  Union  a  surrounding  "dyke  to 
fence  out  the  flood."  [Fisher  Ames ^  The  Constitution  and  all  its 
parts,  as  well  as  its  history,  are  facts.  Construction  indeed  !  Gouver- 
neur  Morris  deals  with  some  of  the  constructors  or  interpreters  as 
follows:  "The  Legislature  will  always  make  the  power  it  wishes  to 
exercise  *  *  swearing  the  true  intent  and  meaning  [of  the  Con- 
stitution] to  be  that  which  suits  their  purpose."    [Ill,  Life  of  M.] 

V.  ERROR   AS   TO    SOVEREIGNTY'S    SEAL    AND    ACTION. 

The  able  judge  and  gallant  soldier  referred  to  above,  said,  last 
year,  in  a  speech  on  "  Decoration  Day,"  that  the  Constitution  left  the 
question  of  sovereignty  "  unsettled,  or  settled  it  so  obscurely  that  the 
very  framers  of  the  instrument  placed  antipodal  constructions  on  it." 
He  also  quoted,  as  further  evidence  of  doubt,  the  following  curious 
dedication  of  Mr.  J.  C.  Hurd's  "Theory  of  our  National  Existence," 
viz.:  "To  the  sovereign,  whoever  he,  it,  or  they  may  be."  But  I 
submit  that  the  author  is  misunderstood.  He  recognizes  sovereignty 
as  being  in  the  societies  of  people,  but  shows  that  revolutionary 
perversion,  usurpation,  fraud  and  force  have  melted  the  States,  so  to 
speak,  into  a  nation — making,  out  of  many  republics,  d,  pseudo  one — 
the  E  pluribus  ununi  of  the  consolidationists  ;  and  he  tries  to  show 
where,  in  the  monstrous  and  treasonable  product,  sovereignty  is  lo- 
cated ;  and,  finally,  seeming  to  find  it  easier  to  swim  with  the  tide  of 
falsehood  and  wrong  than  to  stop  and  stand  on  the  rock  of  truth,  the 
rock  of  his  own  faith,  he  recommends  accepting  the  new  regime. 

Now,  if  history  show  what  actors  "'established''''  the  ''constitu- 
tion,'" "  delegated'^  all  its  ''powers''  and  "  chose  "  and  "  appointed''' 
the  servants  and  agents  to  execute  it,  surely  it  shows  the  sovereignty 
that  constituted  the  Constitution;  and  that  now  remains  above  it, 
controlling,  through  its  agency,  all  the  subjects  of  its  government. 

Madison  says  such  arguers  "  lose  sight  of  the  people."  And  he 
further  says,  "  the  Federal  and  State  governments  are  but  different 
agejits  and  trustees  of  the  people.  *  *  *  The  ultimate  authority, 
wherever  the  derivative  may  be,  resides  with  the  people  alone." 
[Federalist,  46.]  And  in  numbers  39  and  40,  and  in  the  Virginia 
Convention,  he  said  it  was  the  people  as  "  thirteen  distinct  sovereign- 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  493 

ties."  and  that  the  government  formed  was  federal  dind  not  naiional. 
Washington,  Hamilton,  Sherman,  Ellsworth.  Ames,  Bowdoin,  Mor- 
ris, and,  in  short,  all  the  fathers,  took  the  same  view  ;  all  recognizing 
the  union  of  sovereign  States. 

Now,  how  is  it  possible  for  any  informed  person  to  doubt  that  sov- 
ereignty is,  as  James  Wilson  says,  "  in  the  people  before  they  make  a 
Constitution,  and  remams  in  them  after  it  is  made,"  i.  <?.,  "  in  thirteen 
independent  sovereignties" — to  use  his  own  words  ?  Of  course  the 
collective  people,  that  is  to  say,  societies,  is  meant,  for  only  as  organ- 
ized bodies  can  the  people  have  political  mind  and  act  in  govern- 
ment. New  York,  Massachusetts,  Maryland,  and  the  rest  of  the 
names  in  the  Constitution,  mean  only  "  the  people"  called  by  those 
names — "the  people  of  the  United  States."  "The  people,"  as 
States,  have  the  only  voters.  "The  people,"  as  States,  have  all  the 
federal  representation.  "The  people,"  as  States,  "choose"  and 
"appoint"  and  "commission"  all  representatives,  senators  and  elec- 
tors of  presidents  from  their  own  citizens.  [Articles  I  and  II.] 
"  The  people,"  as  States,  are  to  "  establish  "  the  Constitution  through 
their  conventions.  [Article  VII.]  "  The  people,"  as  States,  are 
guaranteed  by  the  associated  States  to  be  republics  or  self-governing 
peoples.  [Article  IV.]  "The  people,"  as  States,  are  to  make  all 
amendments.  [Article  V.]  Each  State  has  ''suffrage''  in  the  Sen- 
ate, which  can  never  end  without  her  "  coyisenty  All  these  provisions 
of  the  constitution,  especially  the  last,  make  obvious  both  mind  in  the 
State  and  sovereignty  in  mind.  Denying  this  seat  and  residence  of 
sovereign  will  is  simple  untruth — criminal,  if  coupled  with  knowledge. 

WEBSTER   AND    CURTIS    FULLY    CONCEDE   THE    POINT 

— The  former  saying,  in  1833,  that  "sovereignty  of  government 
is  unknown  in  North  America."  "  All  power  is  with  the  people." 
"  Until  the  Constitution  was  ratified  by  nine  States,  it  was  but  a  pro- 
posal, the  mere  draft  of  an  instrument,  *  *  *  inoperative  paper, 
*  *  it  had  no  authority  ;  it  spoke  no  language."  In  1849  he  said 
"the  parties  to  the  Constitution  originally  were  the  thirteen  confed- 
erated States";  that  it  was  "  founded  on  compact  and  plighted  laith"  ; 
and  that  the  individual  States  had  "  the  exclusive  possession  of  sov- 
ereignty." In  1850  he  said  "  the  Constitution  was  the  bond,  and  the 
only  bond,  of  the  union  of  these  States,"  and  in  1S52,  just  before  his 
death,  he  said  they  never  intended  "  to  consolidate  themselves  into 


494  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

one  government,"  and  "cease  to  be  Maryland  and  Virginia,  Massa- 
chusetts and  Carolina."  He  saw  that  "the  people"  were  "the 
States  "  and  "  the  States  "  "  the  people";  and  that  the  real  govern- 
ment was  the  republics,  or  self- governors,  named  in  the  Constitution. 

Curtis,  the  most  conspicuous  living  advocate  of  the  pseudo  nation, 
said  Rhode  Island  had  after  independence,  and  of  course  up  to  her 
adoption  of  the  Constitution,  "  absolute  sovereignty."  [II  Hist. 
Const' n,  599] 

Again  : — "  The  meeting  of  the  States  [to  form  a  Constitution]  was 
purely  voluntary :  they  met  as  equals,  and  they  were  sovereign  po- 
litical communities,  whom  no  power  could  rightfully  coerce  into  a 
change  of  their  condition."     [^Ibid.'\ 

Again: — "The  relations  of  the  individual  to  the  political  society, 
of  which  he  is  a  member,  *  *  came  into  existence  as  soon  as  a 
sovereign  American  State  was  formed  out  of  a  revoked  British 
colony."     [Let.  to  N.  Y.  World,  1869.] 

Again : — "  The  source  of  fundamental  law  is  found  in  the  sovereign 
authority  of  the  people  of  a  distinct  State  to  order  the  political  con- 
ditions of  society.  It  cannot  be  doubted  that  this  is  the  very  highest 
of  all   human  authority."     [Ibid^ 

Hundreds  of  pages  of  such  proofs  and  admissions  as  the  above 
could  be  given,  and  American  History  contains  nothing  to  the  con- 
trary. "The  people"  then  were  Republics;  i.  <?. ,  societies  of  people, 
governing  themselves ;  all  governmental  functionaries,  State  or  Fed- 
eral, being  their  servants  and  agents,  and  not  above  them. 

The  societies,  New  York,  Massachusetts,  Virginia,  et  als.,  being 
complete  and  independent,  and  named  in  the  Constitution,  were 
likened  to  pillars  voluntarily  taking  their  place  in  an  edifice,  or  to 
stars  of  a  constellation.  As  entities,  they  were  as  separate  as  stars. 
Let  us  then  symbolize  the  States  by  thirteen  stars  in  a  row,  thus 
designating  the  people  of  the  United  States ;  i.  <?.,  the  thirteen  Re- 
publics, or  States,  at  the  time  when  all  agreed  and  guaranteed  that 
each  was  sovereign,  and  when  they  were  together  proceeding  to 
devise  the  Constitution,  which  they  afterwards  established  by  separate 
adoptions;  and  next,  below  the  thirteen  symbols,  we  will  draw  the 
line  indicating  the  Federal  Constitution,  they,  as  sovereigns,  devised 
and  established.  The  next  line  below  will  be  the  tripartite  govern- 
ment; and,  lastly,  will  come  the  subjects  of  government,  viz  :  the 
people  and  their  belongings. 

This  is  intended  to  be — 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  495 

A  BLACKBOARD  DEMONSTRATION  OF  AN  ERROR, 

Which  is  probably  the  most  signal,  but  highly  respectable,  blunder 
in  history,  since  its  authors  and  supporters  are  the  very  highest  of 
the  professed  expounders  ol  the  Constitution— some  of  them  being 
the  sworn  officials  charged  with  protecting  the  lives  and  sovereignty 
of  their  masters  and  principals — the  American  Republics. 

"  The  People  of  the    United  States,"  i.  e.,  the  ij  Republics  in  1787. 

1  ************* 

2  "  The  Federal  Coyistitution,  they,  in  Congress,  declared  established, 

Sept.  13,  I) 


3  '' The  Federal  Gover7imeutJ''  orgayiized  March,  ij8g. 

4  The  people  and  their  belonging;s — the  subjects  of  the  goiernmcnt. 

Now,  no  one  will  dare  to  deny  that  this  is  the  proper  collocation  of 
the  grades  of  political  authority,  for  the  States  did  actually  and  vol- 
untarily devise  and  establish  the  Constitution,  while  there  was,  out 
ol  them,  no  acre  or  man  for  a  nation  ;  and  all  statements  of  national 
mind  or  action  in  the  premises  are  false.  The  States  filed  the  sepa- 
rate ratifications,  which  the  Constitution  itself  declared  "  siijfcient 
for  the  establishment"  thereof,  in  the  archives  of  Congress,  there  to 
remain  and  eternally  belie  the  national  theory.  We  can  neither  as- 
sert the  acts  of  the  States  out  of  the  record  nor  argue  State  seals 
from  the  bond. 

Provinces  achieved  independence  and  statehood.  Afterwards  they 
agreed  and  guaranteed  that  each  State  was  sovereign.  Each  must 
have  acted  in  such  character  through  the  making  of  the  Constitu- 
tion.    The  status  of  each  must  have  continued  thereafter. 

It  is  absurd  to  suppose  they  did  not  retain  sovereignty,  to  effect- 
uate their  own  purpose  of  governing  their  subjects.  Again,  they 
began  their  work  with  their  own  "  absobde  supremacy  ";  they  could 
not  foolishly  subject  themselves  to  the  ''absolute  supremacy"  of  their 
constituted  agency. 

Surely,  they  could  not  begin  as  States  and  end  as  provinces, 
achieving  statehood  by  bloody  revolution,  and  soon  swapping  it  for 
countyhood.  It  cannot  be  that  they  violently  severed  themselves 
from  one  nation  to  become  subordinate  parts  of  another— exchang- 
ing a  personal  king  for  a  corporate  one. 


496  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Again,  as  these  societies  made  a  voluntary  union,  they  could  not, 
without  a  supervening  revolution,  be  subject  to  involuntary  and  in- 
dissoluble relations.  Nor  could  "the  parties  to  the  compact" — as 
Hamilton  called  them — after  having  established  an  agency,  become 
subordinate  and  allegiant  to  it,  without  treasonable  violence  or  fraud. 

In  fine,  if  the  pernicious  theory  in  question  be  maintained,  we  shall 
have  reached  a  subversion  of  the  republic — a  change  from  the  sove- 
reignty of  the  people  to  the  sovereignty  of  their  agency — "  the  very 
way,''''  says  the  great  Burke,  "  in  which  all  the  free  juagistracies  of 
the  world  have  been  perverted  from  their  purposes'' 

THE   CONSTITUTION    REPUDIATES    NATIONALISM. 

In  the  foregoing  quotation  from  "  Davis  and  Lee"  it  is  shown  that 
the  Convention  of  States  repudiated  the  national  theory  [see  also 
R.  of  R.,  Part  III,  ch.  VII]  ;  let  us  now  see  how  the  Constitution 
annihilates  it. 

I.  The  States  were,  in  the  Constitution,  designated  with  proper 
nouns,  as  preexistent  political  societies,  each  with  its  own  name, 
geography,  people,  organism,  and  political  authority;  and  as  each 
was  agreed  by  all  to  be  sovereign,  and  as  no  change  was  provided 
for  or  hinted  at  in  the  instrument,  it  is  absurd  to  suppose  that  any 
was  made.  Hence  we  may  assert,  as  Hamilton  did,  that  the  States 
remained  "  the  parties  to  the  compact  "  and  the  "essential  compo- 
nent parts  of  the  Union."     [Fed.  85;  II  Ell.  Deb.  304.] 

II.  It  is  absurd  to  suppose  that  the  named  societies  of  people — 
viz..  New  York,  Massachusetts,  Virginia,  et  «/.y— started  in  the  work 
of  constituting  self-government,  possessing  the  "all-power,"  and  all 
original  and  inherent  rights  given  by  the  Deity;  and  ended  the 
work  only  possessed  of  privileges  under  their  own  Constitution, 
and  with  delegative  duties  imposed  on  them  by  superior  authority. 
No  one  can  believe  such  theory. 

Ill  As  the  States,  by  their  respective  ratifications,  established  what 
they  together  had  devised,  they  necessarily  reserved — i.  <?.,  kept  back 
what  they  did  not  delegate  in  the  language  used  ;  hence  it  is  alike 
false  and  foolish  to  talk  about  rights  reserved  to  them  in  the  Consti- 
tution, and  still  more  so  for  such  expounders  to  call  themselves  "State- 
rights  men."  Reservations  thus  made  to  the  States  would  be,  at 
best,  but  '' privileges y 

IV.  Citizenship  is  a  status,  which  the  Constitution  recognizes  as 
preestablished,     "  The  people  of  the  United  States ' '  are,  in  fact,  and 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  497 

constitutionally  members,  citizens  and  subjects  of  States,  and  the 
Federal  law  was  laid  on  them  and  their  obedience  commanded  by 
States.  [See  Art.  IV,  §  2  ;  Art.  Ill,  §  2  ;  Am.  Ed.  XI  ;  Rep.  of  Rep. 
4th  Ed.,  Part  V,  ch.  VII.]  The  Democratic  caucus  resolution  that 
our  people  are  citizens  of  iivo  governments,  owing  allegiance  to  both, 
is  not  even  respectable  sophistry,  let  alone  truth. 

V.  All  voters  belong  originally  and  absolutely  to  the  States,  and  all 
the  representatives,  senators,  and  presidential  electors  are  freely 
"  chosen"  or  "appointed,"  by  the  said  States,  from  their  own  mem- 
bers or  subjects,  and  have  title  to  office  and  right  to  act  in  Federal 
matters  only  through  the  commissions  and  under  the  seals  of  their 
respective  States.  In  short,  and  obviously,  all  the  life  and  validity  of 
the  Constitution  come  from  States;  all  the  "powers"  of  it  are  "dele- 
gated" by  them  and  "vested"  in  its  "governments,"  and  all  its 
operations  of  every  kind  and  character  are  theirs — they  themselves 
really  being  "  the  Government "   of  the  country  for  general  affairs 

"the  states"  are  the  real  "government  of  the  united 

STATES." 

No  one  who  searches  for  truth,  and  thinks,  can  fail  to  see  that  "  the 
people"  are  the  States  and  the  States  the  people — all  being  "the 
people  of  the  United  States"  and  "  citizens  of  different  States,"  as 
the  Constitution  itself  says ;  that  the  associated  States  themselves  are 
really  and  necessarily  "  the  government  of  [/.  e.  belonging  to]  the 
United  States ; " — the  so-called  Government  being  only  their  agency; 
that  all  the  authority  in  the  Constitution  is  delegated  or  entrusted  in 
writing,  by  the  States,  for  their  own  use,  to  their  own  servants,  who 
are,  in  technical  status,  describable  as  their  "substitutes  and  agents 
[see  the  original  bills  of  rights  and  Elliot's  Debates, /!>^7.f.y/w] ; "  and 
finally,  that  the  Convention  of  1787,  unanimously  declared  as  follows  : 
"  The  style  of  this  Government  shall  be  the  United  States  of 
America" — thus  showing  beyond  doubt  that  the  republics  or  self- 
governing  societies  of  people  were  to  continue  to  be,  as  they  had 
been,  the  governing  powers  of  the  land.  [See  Rep.  of  Rep's,  part 
III,  ch.  VIL] 

ANOTHER  FUNDAMENTAL  ERROR  EXPOSED. 

Before  concluding  I  will  give  another  blackboard-demonstration  of 
error — as  to  sovereignty — which  is  of  vital  moment.     The  bottom 
line  of  the  following  diagram   "A"   to  "B"   is  the  e.xtent  of  gov- 
5 


498 


Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


erning  jurisdiction.  "The  Federal  and  State  Governments,"  says 
Madison,  "are  but  different  agents  of  the  people."  "Sovereignty," 
continues  he,  "resides  with  the  people  alone."  "C"  is  the  State 
agency,    "D"  the  Federal  one.     Each  acts  over  the  whole  ground. 

£ 


We  must  predicate  agency,  and  not  sovereignty,  of  these  agents, 
"C"  and  "  D."  The  people  alone  are  sovereign  and  are  repre- 
sented by  "E."  They  have  set  two  servants  to  work  in  the  same 
field.  They  control  both  and  prevent  conflict.  "The  house  is"  not 
"divided  against  itself."  The  able  writer  who  said  "the  problem 
left  us  by  the  Convention  is  to  harmonize  National  and  State  sove- 
reignty," "loses  sight  of  the  people" — to  use  Madison's  expression. 
The  only  sovereignty  is  theirs.  "C"  and  "D"  are  always  agents 
subject  to  it.     There  was  no  such  problem ! 

It  may  be  well  to  say  here  that  Hon.  George  F.  Edmunds  and 
Hon.  David  Dudley  Field,  as  the  former  shows  in  the  North  Ameri- 
can Review,  seem  to  think  "teetering"  or  "seesawing"  is  going 
on,  as  to  dominance,  between  the  General  Government  and  the 
States,  and  they  call  it  a  principle!  and  conclude  that  the  great  duty 
or  problem  is  to  keep  equilibrium .' 

IN   CONCLUSION, 

It  is  painful  to  test  by  truth,  doctrines  taught  by  great  and  revered 
teachers,  and  reduce  them  to  falsity ;  but  the  duty  is  imperative  and 
vital  to  institutional  freedom,  and  the  demonstration  should  be  both 
historical  and  pictorial,  so  that  even  the  boys — the  coming  power- 
holders  of  the  country — shall,  while  forming  their  momentous  poli- 
tical habitudes  of  thought  and  action,  know  and  despise  such  doc- 
trines as  untruths! 

IN    FACT,  THESE    DOCTRINES   ARE    REFUTED  FALSEHOODS  ; 

And  they  so  appear  in  American  History,  being  originally  charges 
which  were  made  by  the  foes  of  the  Constitution  to  defeat  it,  and 


Some  Great  Constitutional  Questions.  499 

which  was  proved  untrue  by  the  fathers,  viz  :  "Washington,  Hamil- 
ton, Madison,  and  the  rest."  Will  not  the  reimposition  of  them  be 
alike  fraudulent,  revolutionary  and  detestable?  For  a  complete 
expose  of  the  wrong,  see  the  Republic  of  Republics,  part  III,  ch.  i, 
P-  159- 

THESE   EXPOUNDERS    ARE    AWAY    FROM    THE    ORIGINAL    ROCK  — 

Away  from  Republican  tenets— away  from  the  organic  laws  of  the 
people — away  from  the  faith  of  the  fathers,  and  away  from  the  doc- 
trines of  the  publicists.  They  seem  never  to  have  comprehended  the 
system  aimed  at.  Montesquieu  and  Vattel,  who  guided  our  fathers 
in  federalizing,  held  that  liberty  and  self-government  were  only  pos- 
sible in  small  societies,  while  the  size  and  strength  and  the  stability 
needed  among  nations  is  to  be  attained  by  their  uniting  themselves 
into  a  "Confederate  Republic,"  or  "Republic  of  Republics."  It 
was  numerous  commonwealths,  or  self-governing  peoples,  united  in 
one  system,  that  the  founders  contemplated ;  and  the  extension  of  "  the 
area  of  freedom"  over  America  was  to  be  Federal,  and  not  National. 
"  New  States  may  be  admitted  by  the  Congress  into  this  Union,"  tells  the 
whole  grand  story  of  the  ocean-bounded  "  Republic  of  Republics." 
And  the  States  showed  that  they  adhered  to  and  consummated  the 
federalizing  plan,  by  declaring  unanimously  in  their  Convention,  as 
we  have  seen,  that  ^^  the  style  of  this  governtnent  shall  be  the  United 
States  of  A^nerica.^^  The  people  "  established"  a  perpetual,  volun- 
tary union  of  States — a  Republic  of  Republics.  "  Nation,"  indeed! 
It  simply  means  revolution,  empire,  and  subject  peoples  everywhere! 

GREATNESS  AND  GLORY  ATTENDED  THE  UNION  OF  STATES, 

And  "we,  the  people,"  enjoyed  "the  blessings  of  liberty,"  and  conse- 
quently "domestic  tranquility;"  "the  sacred  ties,"  amity,  mutual 
interest  and  justice  were  preserved,  and  the  polity  seemed  immortal  ; 
but  through  perversion  and  usurpation  nationalism  supervened,  and 
"  hell  followed  with"  it ;  or,  perhaps  it  were  better  to  say,  it  brought 
"  the  abomination  of  desolation  !" 

Respectfully, 

P.  C.  Centz,  Barrister. 
The  Author  of  the  "  Republic  of  Republics:* 


500  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


Reunion  of  the  Virginia  Division  Army  Northern  Virginia  Association 

The  annual  gathering  of  this  Association  in  the  State  capitol  at 
Richmond  took  place  on  the  evening  of  October  the  23d,  1884,  and 
was  an  occasion  of  more  than  ordinary  interest.  A  large  number  of 
distinguished  Confederates  were  present — a  notable  feature  of  the 
occasion  being  that  about  twenty-five  veterans  of  the  "  Maryland 
Line,"  under  command  of  General  Geo.  H.  Steuart,  came  as  an 
escort  to  the  orator,  and  were  enthusiastically  welcomed  by  their 
Virginia  comrades — and  the  hall  was  packed  with  a  brilliant  audience. 

General  W.  H.  F.  Lee,  President  of  the  Association,  called  the 
meeting  to  order.  Chaplain  J.  Wm.  Jones  led  in  prayer,  and  General 
Lee  (in  graceful,  appropriate  and  very  complimentary  phrase)  then 
introduced,  as  orator  of  the  evening.  General  Bradley  T.  Johnson,  of 
Baltimore.  General  Johnson  was  greeted  with  hearty  cheers,  and 
was  frequently  interrupted  with  warm  applause  as  he  delivered  the 
following 

ADDRESS    ON   THE    FIRST    MARYLAND    CAMPAIGN. 

Within  five  years  after  the  surrender  and  dispersion  of  the  Con- 
federate armies,  it  was  considered  necessary  by  some  of  those  who 
had  borne  arms  in  the  defence  of  the  Confederate  States  that  an  or- 
ganization should  be  formed  for  the  purpose  of  perpetuating  the 
comradeship  and  preserving  the  esprit  of  those  four  years  of  ordeal, 
and  of  collecting  material  for  history ;  whereby  the  honor  of  our 
dead  should  be  protected,  and  justice  done  by  posterity  to  the  aspira- 
tions, the  motives,  and  the  deeds  of  those  who  had  fought  and  failed. 
A  plan  of  such  an  organization  was  submitted  to  General  Lee, 
but  he  did  not  think  the  time  had  arrived  for  such  an  action. 

But  when,  in  October,  1870,  all  Christendom  stood  uncovered  be- 
fore that  open  grave,  at  Lexington,  when  the  South  bent  over  the 
bier  of  her  great  chief,  and  the  heart  of  Virginia  was  wrung  at  her 
bereavement,  a  great  concourse  of  citizens,  and  patriots,  and  vete- 
rans came  together  here,  in  Richmond,  to  do  honor  to  his  memory, 
and  to  give  expression  to  the  feelings  that  stirred  the  whole  people. 
Then  and  there  it  was  determined  to  carry  out  the  intention  which 
had  been  formulated  the  year  before,  and  the  Association  of  the 
Army  of  Northern  Virginia  was  formed.  In  the  fourteen  years  that 
have   succeeded,    the    largest   portion    of    its   work    has    been   as- 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       501 

sumed,  and  has  been  most  admirably   carried  out  by  the  Southern 
Historical  Society 

But  our  Association  has  efiftciently  performed  its  part.  All  over 
the  South  soldier  memorial  societies  have  been  formed,  and  are  be- 
ing- formed,  and  we  can  now  confidendy  leave  to  time  and  to  truth 
the  vindication  of  our  motives,  the  defence  of  our  political  action, 
and  the  description  of  the  genius,  the  courage,  and  the  achieve- 
ments of  the  Confederate  soldier. 

Brief,  but  glorious,  was  that  epoch  that  blazed  out  in  the  history 
of  all  time,  but  no  four  years  have  ever  produced  such  results,  or 
made  such  impression  on  the  art  of  war. 

The  Confederate  war-ship,  Virginia  (Merrimac),  made  a  complete 
revolution  in  naval  architecture  and  warfare. 

The  Confederate  torpedo  service  has  made  an  entire  change  in  the 
system  of  defence  of  water-ways. 

The  Confederate  cavalry  raid  has  necessitated  an  alteration  in  the 
tactics,  as  well  as  the  strategy  of  armies  and  Generals. 

Von  Borcke  told  me  that  while  Stuart's  raid  around  McClellan 
was  not  regarded  with  respect  by  the  Prussian  Generals  in  the  Prusso- 
Austrian  campaign,  of  1866,  the  principle  of  thus  using  cavalry 
was  adopted  in  full  by  them  in  the  Franco-Prussian  campaign,  of 
1870,  and  that  now  Stuart  was  considered  the  first  cavalry  General 
of  the  century,  as  the  campaigns  of  Lee  and  Jackson  were  the 
models  taught  from,  in  Continental  Military  Schools. 

While  the  civil  war  afforded  many  brilliant  illustrations  of  genius 
for  war,  of  daring  and  heroic  achievment,  while  the  valley  campaign 
furnishes  a  model  and  the  defence  of  Richmond  in  1864,  an  exhibi- 
tion of  defensive  operations,  alike  the  wonder  and  the  admiration  of 
soldiers  all  over  the  world,  the  fourteen  days  occupied  by  the  First 
Maryland  campaign  were  probably  more  remarkable  for  their  per- 
formances and  their  results  than  any  other  episode  of  the  war. 

Taking  into  consideration  the  time  occupied,  the  distances 
marched,  the  results  achieved  and  the  incredible  disparity  of  num- 
bers between  the  armies  engaged,  the  operations  of  that  campaign 
were  as  extraordinary  as  any  ever  recorded  for  the  same  period  of 
time. 

On  the  first  day  of  January,  1862,  the  President  of  the  United 
States  issued  a  general  order,  somewhat  theatrical,  to  all  of  the  ar- 
mies of  the  United  States,  directing  them  to  make  a  general  advance 
on  the  22d  of  February,  then  ensuing,  on  the  whole  line  extending 


502  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

from  Washington  city  to  the  Missouri  river.  The  forces  intended 
for  the  reduction  of  Virginia  were  the  Army  of  Western  Virginia, 
General  Fremont,  the  Army  of  the  Potomac,  General  McClellan,  and 
the  Army  of  North  Carolina,  General  Burnside.  After  this  general 
movement  had  been  made  a  fourth  army  was  organized  as  the  Army 
of  Virginia  which  was  to  cooperate  with  these  converging  columns 
in  the  general  movement  on  the  Capital  of  the  Confederate  States. 
Burnside' s  army  occupied  Roanoke  Island  and  New  Berne  and 
seated  itself  on  the  flank  of  Richmond.  Fremont  moved  up  the 
Valley  as  far  as  Cross  Keys  where  he  met  his  checkmate  from  Jack- 
son on  the  gth  of  June. 

McClellan  advanced  up  the  Peninsula  as  far  as  Mechanicsville, 
three  and  a  half  miles  from  Richmond,  and  after  seven  days'  hard 
fighting,  June  26th  to  July  ist,  succeeded  in  changing  his  base  to 
Harrison's  Landing,  on  the  James,  thirty  miles  from  Richmond — a 
hazardous  and  meritorious  undertaking,  when  nothing  better  could 
be  done  ;  and  Major-General  John  Pope  had  been  first  checked  by 
Jackson  at  Cedar  Run,  August  9th,  and  then,  with  the  consoli- 
dated armies  of  Burnside,  Fremont,  McClellan  and  his  own,  had  been 
escorted  back  to  the  fortification  on  the  south  bank  of  the  Potomac, 
from  which  McClellan  had  moved  with  such  confidence  and  high  ex- 
pectation in  obedience  to  President  Lincoln's  general  order  in  the 
preceding  spring.  On  the  2d  of  September  General  McClellan  v/as 
directed  verbally  by  Mr.  Lincoln  to  assume  command  of  the  demor- 
alized mass  of  troops,  which  had  just  been  beaten  under  Pope  at 
Manassas. 

His  order  to  General  Pope  on  that  occasion  epitomizes,  more 
graphically  than  I  can,  the  results  of  the  six  months'  campaign  of 
four  armies  to  reduce  Virginia.     His  order  was  in  these  words  : 

"  Headquarters,  Washington,  Sept.  2d,  1862. 

"  General, — General  Halleck  instructed  me  to  report  to  you  the 
order  he  sent  this  morning,  to  withdraw  your  army  to  Washington, 
without  unnecessary  delay.  He  feared  that  his  messenger  might 
miss  you,  and  desired  to  take  this  double  precaution. 

In  order  to  bring  troops  upon  ground  with  which  they  are  already 
familiar,  it  would  be  best  to  move  Porter's  Corps  upon  Upton's  Hill, 
that  it  may  occupy  Hall's  Hill,  &c.;  McDowell's  to  Upton's  Hill ; 
Franklin's  to  the  works  in  front  of  Alexandria  ;  Heintzelman's  to  the 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       503 

same  vicinity  ;  Couch  to  Fort  Corcoran,  or,  if  practicable,  to  the 
Chain  Bridge  ;  Sumner  either  to  Fort  Albany,  or  to  Alexandria,  as 
the  case  may  be  most  convenient. 

In  haste,  General,  very  truly  yours, 

George  B.  McClellan, 
Major- Gcfieral  United  States  Army. 

Major  General  John  Pope, 

Cof7ima7idi?ig  Army  of  Virginia. 

The  old  lines  of  Upton's,  Hall's  and  Munson's  hills,  with  the 
peach  orchards,  and  the  gardens,  that  we  fought  over  and  occupied, 
in  September,  1861,  were  to  be  re-taken  and  re  occupied  by  the  four 
armies  seeking  refuge  from  Lee's  pursuit,  in  September,  1862. 

The  number  of  troops  who  thus  sheltered  themselves  by  McClel- 
lan's  command  behind  the  fortifications  of  Washington  was  160,000. 
There  were  besides,  in  the  Lower  Valley,  at  Winchester,  Martinsburg 
and  Harpers  Ferry,  over  11,000  more.  General  Lee  had  with  him 
probably  about  40,000  men  of  all  arms  present  for  duty. 

Under  these  circumstances,  it  was  impossible  to  stay  where  he  was, 
re-occupy  the  old  Centreville  lines,  and  wait  until  his  adversary  had 
refreshed  and  reorganized  the  immense  force  at  his  disposal.  That 
would  have  been  increased  by  the  concentration  of  seasoned  troops 
from  the  West  and  volunteers  from  the  whole  North.  A  sufficient 
force  could  then  have  held  the  Confederate  Army  in  Northern  Vir- 
ginia, while  an  overpowering  column  would  have  taken  Richmond 
on  the  flank  from  York  River  or  the  James.  The  same  objection 
would  apply  to  an  occupation  of  the  line  of  the  Rappahannock,  with 
the  additional  serious  objection  that  the  fertile  counties  along  the 
Potomac  and  in  the  lower  valley  would  be  thereby  abandoned  to  the 
Federal  occupation. 

Therefore,  there  was  only  one  practicable  movement  to  make  and 
that  was,  to  cross  the  Potomac,  relieve  Virginia  from  the  war  for  the 
present,  and  at  least  delay  further  aggressive  operations  on  the  part 
of  the  Federal  Generals,  until  the  season  itself  should  interpose  an 
insuperable  barrier  to  further  advance  for  that  year. 

I  believe  that  I  know  that  the  Maryland  campaign  was  not  under- 
taken by  General  Lee  under  any  delusive  hope  that  his  presence 
there  would  produce  a  revolution  in  Maryland,  and  such  a  rising  as 
would  give  a  large  force  of  reinforcements  to  him. 

During  the  march  of  the  4th  of  September,  General  Jackson  re- 


504  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

quired  me  to  give  him  a  detailed  description  of  the  country  in  Mary- 
land on  the  other  side  of  the  Potomac,  of  which  I  was  a  native,  and 
with  the  topography,  resources,  and  political  condition  of  which  I 
was  familiar.  I  impressed  upon  him  emphatically  the  fact  that  a  large 
portion  of  the  people  were  ardent  Unionists  ;  that  perhaps  an  equal 
number  were  equally  ardent  sympathizers  with  the  Confederate  cause, 
still,  they  had  been  since  June,  1861,  so  crushed  beneath  the  over- 
whelming military  force,  that  they  could  not  be  expected  to  afford  us 
material  aid  until  we  gave  them  assurance  of  an  opportunity  for  re- 
lief, by  an  occupation  promising  at  least  some  permanence.  That 
night  General  Jackson  invited  me  to  accompany  him  to  General  Lee's 
headquarters  in  Leesburg,  and  there  requested  me  to  repeat  our  con- 
versation of  the  day  to  the  latter.     I  did  so  at  length. 

General  Lee  particularly  required  information  as  to  the  topography 
of  the  banks  of  the  Potomac  between  Loudoun  county,  Virginia,  and 
Frederick  county,  Maryland,  and  those  about  Harpers  Ferry  and 
Williamsport.     After  several  hours  the  conversation  ceased. 

Jackson  sat  bolt  upright  asleep. 

Lee  sat  straight,  solemn,  and  stern,  and  at  last  said,  as  if  in  solil- 
oquy :  "  When  I  left  Richmond,  I  told  the  President  that  I  would,  if 
possible,  relieve  Virginia  of  the  pressure  of  these  two  armies.  If  I 
cross  here,  I  may  do  so  at  the  cost  of  men,  but  with  a  saving  of  time. 
If  I  cross  at  Williamsport,  I  can  do  so  with  saving  of  men,  but  at 
cost  of  time.  I  wish  Walker  were  up,"  or  words  expressing  a  desire 
or  anxiety  about  Walker.  This  incident  I  relate  to  prove  what,  in 
my  judgment,  was  the  real  objective  of  General  Lee  in  the  Maryland 
campaign.  It  was  not  as  the  Count  of  Paris  states  in  his  history  of 
the  civil  war,  or  as  General  Palfrey,  in  his  well-considered  and  elab- 
orate memoir  of  Antietam  says,  that  by  the  transfer  of  the  seat  of 
war  to  the  north  banks  of  the  Potomac  the  secessionists  of  Maryland 
would  be  afforded  an  opportunity  to  rise,  and  by  revolution,  sup- 
ported by  Lee's  army,  transfer  Maryland  to  the  Confederation  of 
States. 

General  Lee  knew  perfectly  well  that  a  people  who  had  been  under 
military  rule  for  fifteen  months,  who  had  been  subjugated  by  every 
method  known  to  military  and  relentless  force,  could  not  organize 
resistance  or  revolution  until  confidence  in  themselves  and  their  cause 
was  restored  by  the  presence  of  an  abiding  and  permanent  power. 
Therefore  it  seems  beyond  dispute  that  the  first  Maryland  campaign 
was  undertaken  by  General  Lee  solely  and  entirely  as  part  of  his 
defensive    operation    for   the    protection    of   Virginia.      It   was   an 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       505 

offensive-defensive  operation,  havinjj  as  its  objective  neither  the 
invasion  of  Pennsylvania  nor  the  redemption  of  Maryland,  but  only 
the  relief  of  the  Confederacy,  as  far  as  the  means  at  his  command 
would  permit.  The  reason  for,  and  object  of,  the  Maryland  cam- 
paign cannot  be  better  stated  than  was  done  by  General  Lee 
himself  in  his  report :  "The  armies  of  Generals  McClellan  and  Pope," 
says  he,  "  had  now  been  brought  back  to  the  point  from  which  they 
set  out  on  the  campaigns  of  the  Spring  and  Summer.  The  objects 
of  their  campaigns  had  been  frustrated,  and  the  designs  of  the 
enemy  on  the  coast  of  North  Carolina  and  Western  Virginia 
thwarted  by  the  withdrawal  of  the  main  body  of  his  forces  from 
those  regions.  Northeastern  Virginia  was  freed  from  the  presence 
of  Federal  soldiers  up  to  the  intrenchments  of  Washington,  and  soon 
after  the  arrival  of  the  army  at  Leesburg  information  was  received 
that  the  troops  which  had  occupied  Winchester  had  retired  to  Har- 
pers Ferry  and  Martinsburg.  The  war  was  thus  transferred  from 
the  interior  to  the  frontier,  and  the  supplies  of  rich  and  productive 
districts  made  accessible  to  our  army.  To  prolong  a  state  of  affairs, 
in  every  way  desirable,  and  not  to  permit  the  season  for  active  oper- 
ations to  pass,  without  endeavoring  to  inflict  further  injury  upon  the 
enemy,  the  best  course  appeared  to  be  the  transfer  of  the  army  into 
Maryland.  Although  not  properly  equipped  for  invasion,  lacking 
much  of  the  material  of  war,  and  feeble  in  transportation,  the  troops 
poorly  provided  with  clothing,  and  thousands  of  them  destitute  of 
shoes,  it  was  yet  believed  to  be  strong  enough  to  detain  the  enemy 
upon  the  Northern  frontier,  until  the  approach  of  winter  should  render 
his  advance  into  Virginia  difficult,  if  not  impracticable.  The  con- 
dition of  Maryland  encouraged  the  belief  that  the  presence  of  our 
army,  however  inferior  to  that  of  the  enemy,  would  induce  the  Wash- 
ington government  to  retain  all  its  available  force  to  provide  against 
contingencies,  which  its  course  toward  the  people  of  that  State  gave 
it  reason  to  apprehend. 

At  the  same  time  it  was  hoped  that  military  success  might  afford 
an  opportunity  to  aid  the  citizens  of  Maryland  in  any  efforts  they 
might  feel  disposed  to  make  to  recover  their  liberties.  The  difficul- 
ties that  surrounded  them  were  fully  appreciated,  and  we  expected  to 
derive  more  assistance  in  the  attainment  of  our  object  from  the  just 
fears  of  the  Washington  government,  than  from  active  demonstration 
on  the  part  of  the  people,  unless  success  should  enable  us  to  give 
them  assurance  of  continued  protection. 

Influenced  by  these  considerations,  the  army  was  put  in  motion, 


506  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  crossed  the  Potomac  east  of  the  Blue  Ridge,  in  order  that,  by 
threatening  Washington  and  Baltimore,  the  enemy  would  be  forced 
to  withdraw  from  the  south  bank  of  the  Potomac,  and  thus  the 
wounded  and  captured  property  on  the  field  of  Manassas  be  relieved 
from  threatened  attack.  And  afterward,  this  result  accomplished,  it 
was  proposed  to  move  the  army  into  Western  Maryland,  establish 
our  communication  with  Richmond,  through  the  Valley  of  Shenan- 
doah, and,  by  threatening  Pennsylvania,  induce  the  enemy  to  follow, 
and  thus  draw  him  from  his  base  of  supplies." 

General's  Lee's  purpose,  then,  in  transferring  the  seat  of  war  to 
the  north  of  the  Potomac  was :  ist.  To  relieve  Virginia  from  the 
pressure  of  the  contending  armies,  and  delay  another  invasion  until 
the  next  season.  2d.  To  inflict  as  great  an  injury,  material  and 
moral,  to  his  enemy  as  was  practicable.  3d.  To  reinforce  the  Con- 
federacy by  the  alliance  of  Maryland,  which  could  have  been  cer- 
tainly secured  by  a  permanent  occupation,  and  by  an  exhibition  of 
superior  force.  4th.  As  a  consequence,  the  occupation  of  the  Fede- 
ral capital,  the  evacuation  of  it  by  the  Federal  government,  the  ac- 
knowledgment of  the  Confederate  government  as  a  government  de 
jure,  as  well  as  de  facto,  by  France  and  England,  and  the  necessary 
achievement  of  the  independence  of  the  Confederate  States. 

During  the  summer  of  1862,  the  Emperor  of  the  French  had  been 
openly  in  sympathy  with  the  cause  of  the  Confederate  States,  and 
under  the  name  of,  sometimes  mediation,  sometimes  recognition,  had 
always  been  anxious  to  intervene  in  their  behalf  He  was  pressing 
the  English  government,  without  ceasing,  to  unite  with  him  in  ac- 
knowledging the  existence  of  the  new  government,  and  recognition, 
as  all  the  world  knew  at  that  time,  meant  independence.  Therefore, 
when  Lee  crossed  the  Potomac,  he  was  playing  for  a  great  stake. 
He  had  the  certainty  of  relieving  his  own  country  from  the  burden 
of  the  war,  and  of  beating  back  invasion  until  the  next  year;  and  he 
had  the  possibility  of  ending  the  war  and  achieving  the  independence 
of  his  people  by  one  short  and  brilliant  stroke  of  genius,  endurance 
and  courage.  How  he  accomplished  the  first,  and  why  he  failed  in 
the  last,  it  shall  be  my  endeavor  to  make  plain  in  this  narrative. 

The  victory  at  Manassas  had  left  Lee  with  about  40,000  men.  He 
had  cooped  up  in  the  entrenchments  of  Washington  about  160,000 
men.  The  army  which  he  led  was  composed  of  the  veterans  of 
Jackson's  Foot  Cavalry,  of  Hill's  Light  Division,  and  of  Long- 
street's  First  corps,  seasoned  by  the  marches  and  tempered  by  the 
victories  in  the   Valley,  in  the  seven   days'  battles,  at  Cedar   Run 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       507 

and  at  Second  Manassas,  over  Banks,  Fremont,  Shields,  McClellan 
and  Pope.  Jackson's  men  had  been  marching  and  fighting  from  May 
23rd  to  September  1st.  The  two  Hill's  and  Longstreet's,  from  June 
25th  to  the  same  date. 

The  troops  who  were  left  after  these  campaigns  were  as  hard  and 
tough  as  troops  ever  have  been,  for  the  process  of  elimination  had 
dropped  out  all  the  inferior  materials. 

Jackson  left  the  Waterloo  bridge  on  the  Rappahannock  on  the 
25th  of  August,  and  no  rations  were  issued  to  his  people  until  they 
camped  about  Frederick  on  the  6th  of  September — twelve  days  after- 
wards. They  had  marched  and  fought  during  that  time,  subsisting 
on  green  corn,  or  such  supplies  as  the  men  individually  could  pick  up 
on  the  roadside,  except  some  rations  captured  at  Manassas,  The 
rest  of  the  army  was  no  better  off;  therefore,  when  Lee  undertook 
the  forward  movement  over  the  Potomac,  numbers  of  brave  men  fell 
out  of  ranks,  barefooted  and  utterly  broken  down  from  want  of 
proper  food. 

While  the  army  was  in  Virginia  they  struggled  along  as  best  they 
could,  and  a  (ew  days'  halt  for  rest  or  battle  enabled  them  to  catch  up 
and  rejoin  their  colors.  As  soon  as  the  Potomac  was  crossed,  they 
were  cut  off  and  prevented  from  reoccupying  their  positions  in  ranks 
until  the  army  returned  to  Virginia.  Thus  it  was  that  the  army 
which  followed  Lee  into  Maryland  was  so  reduced  that  the  statements 
as  to  its  numerical  strength  have  ever  since  furnished  ground  for 
incredulous  criticism  by  Northern  writers.  It  is  a  fact,  however,  that 
when  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  crossed  the  Potomac  on  the 
4th  and  5th  days  of  September,  1862,  not  more  than  35,000  men 
were  present  for  duty.  There  were  then  in  and  about  Washington 
160000,  as  McClellan's  report  shows. 

The  first  days  of  September  were  laden  with  anxious  forebodings 
to  the  leaders  of  the  Union  side. 

The  Army  of  the  Potomac  had  been  driven  to  shelter  behind  those 
intrenchments  it  had  constructed  in  1861,  to  protect  the  capital  from 
the  victorious  troops  of  Johnston  and  Beauregard.  The  Army  of 
Virginia,  demoralized  and  disorganized,  had  sought  the  protection  of 
the  same  works. 

The  armies  of  Fremont  and  of  Burnside  had  ceased  to  exist,  and 
had  been  absorbed  in  the  rout  of  the  armies  of  the  Potomac  and  of 
Virginia.  The  President  of  the  United  States,  distracted  by  grave 
cares,  seems  to  have  been  the  only  one  who  preserved  his  faculties 


508  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  exercised  his  judgment.  His  advisers,  Stanton  and  Halleck, 
dominated  by  jealousy  and  hatred  of  McClellan,  had  united  to  de- 
stroy him,  and  during  the  second  battle  of  Manassas  had  left  him  at 
Alexandria,  within  hearing  of  Lee's  guns,  his  troops  ordered  to  Pope, 
and  himself  without  even  the  troop  of  cavalry,  his  customary  escort. 

Lee  disappeared  from  the  front  of  Washington  on  the  3d  of  Sep- 
tember. That  he  had  fallen  back  into  Virginia  was  incredible.  That 
he  was  marching  up  the  south  bank  of  the  Potomac  was  entirely 
probable.  Whither  was  he  going  ?  What  were  his  intentions  ? 
Would  he  cross  above  Washington,  and  with  his  army  of  40,000 
veterans  capture  the  disorganized  mass  of  160,000  men  there  cower- 
ing under  the  heavy  guns  of  the  engineers'  forts,  expel  the  Federal 
officials  from  Washington,  plant  the  battle  flag  of  the  Confederacy  on 
the  capitol  of  the  United  States,  conquer  an  acknowledgement  and 
recognition  by  the  Powers,  and  achieve  the  independence  of  the 
South  ?  Or  would  he  cross  the  Blue  Ridge,  pass  the  Potomac  be- 
yond that  barrier  of  mountains,  and  hold  their  defiles,  while  rein- 
forcements poured  down  the  Valley  of  the  Shenandoah,  and  his  vic- 
torious columns  swept  through  Pennsylvania,  and  laid  Philadelphia 
under  contribution,  and  thus  transfer  the  seat  of  war  to  Union  terri- 
tory and  conquer  a  peace  there?  These  were  the  terrible  possibilities 
of  the  hour  to  the  Union  chiefs. 

On  the  1st  of  September  the  President  sought  an  interview  with 
General  McClellan,  who  was  then  absolutely  without  a  command,  and 
told  him  that  he  had  reason  to  believe  that  the  Army  of  the  Potomac 
was  not  cheerfully  cooperating  with  and  supporting  General  Pope; 
that  "  he  had  always  been  a  friend  of  mine,"  says  McClellan  in  his 
report,  "  and  asked  him  as  a  special  favor  to  use  his  influence  in 
correcting  this  state  of  things  ;  to  telegraph  Fitz  John  Porter  or  some 
other  of  his  friends,  and  try  to  do  away  with  any  feeling  that  might 
exist;  that  he  could  rectify  the  evil,  and  that  no  one  else  could." 

This  picture  of  the  Commander-in-Chief  of  the  armies  of  a  great 
nation,  interceding  with  his  subordinate,  whom  he  had  permitted  to 
be  disgraced  within  the  preceding  week,  to  use  his  personal  influence 
to  persuade  soldiers  to  do  their  duty,  is  certainly  an  interesting  one. 
It  proves  that  they  knew  and  feared  McClellan's  power. 

On  the  next  day,  September  2d,  Mr.  Lincoln  verbally  directed 
McClellan  to  take  command  of  the  army. 

He  proceeded  at  once  with  extraordinary  energy  to  re-organize  it. 
He  constituted  his  right  wing,  under  command  of  Major-General 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       509 

Burnside,  of  the  Ninth  corps  under  Reno  and  First  corps  under 
Hooker.  His  centre  under  Sumner  consisted  of  the  Twelfth  corps, 
Mansfield,  and  Second  corps,  Sumner. 

His  left  wing  was  constituted  of  Sixth  corps,  Franklin  and  Couch's 
division  of  the  Fourth  corps,  Sykes's  division  followed  in  the  main  the 
march  of  the  centre.  The  right  wing  and  centre  numbered  about 
30,000  men  each  and  the  left  wing  about  20,000. 

Sykes's  division  consisted  of  6,000  men  and  the  cavalry  under 
Pleasonton  of  4,500. 

The  authorities  at  Washington  were  in  such  panic  that  they  would 
not  permit  McClellan  to  move  out  until  he  had  left  72,000  behind  him 
to  defend  the  capital.  During  the  ensuing  fourteen  days  Halleck  was 
constantly  telegraphing  McClellan  that  he  must  be  careful  lest  Lee 
should  evade  him  and  pounce  down  on  the  defenceless  city.  There- 
fore when  McClellan  moved  north  of  Washington  he  kept  his  left 
along  the  north  bank  of  the  Potomac.  And  his  right  extended  to- 
ward the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad,  so  as  to  cover  the  approaches 
to  both  Baltimore  and  Washington.  Lee's  army  was  divided  into 
two  corps,  the  First  under  Longstreet,  with  the  divisions  of  R.  H. 
Anderson,  Hood,  McLaws,and  J.  G.  Walker,  and  the  Second  under 
Jackson,  of  the  divisions  of  Jackson,  Ewell,  A.  P.  Hill  and  D.  H. 
Hill. 

Longstreet's  First  corps  consisted  of  15,855  men,  Jackson's  Second 
corps  of  11,400,  with  him  also  was  the  cavalry  division  of  J.  E.  B. 
Stuart,  comprising  the  brigades  of  Fitz.  Lee,  Hampton,  and  Robert- 
son, the  latter  under  Munford,  the  whole  probably,  for  there  are  no 
reports  of  the  cavalry,  numbering  as  many  as  4,500,  his  artillery  is 
estimated  at  3,000  effective  men.  I  follow  Colonel  Taylor's  laborious 
and  exact  statement  as  to  Lee's  numbers,  and  General  McClellan' s  as 
to  his  own. 

On  September  4th,  Lee's  army  was  concentrated  about  Leesburg. 
McClellan  had  moved  his  Second,  Ninth  and  Twelfth  corps,  and 
Couch's  division  to  the  north  side  of  the  Potomac  and  north  of 
Washington  on  the  Seventh-Street  road,  and  to  Tenalltown.  The 
cavalry,  under  Pleasanton,  was  pushed  along  the  river  to  watch 
the  fords  in  the  neighborhood  of  Poolesville  On  the  afternoon  of 
September  4th,  D.  H.  Hill  sent  Anderson's  brigade  to  fire  on  the 
Federal  trains  across  the  Potomac  at  Berlin,  and  with  two  other 
brigades  drove  away  the  Federal  cavalry  pickets  near  the  mouth  of 
Monocacy,  and  crossed  at  White's  Ford.     During  the  night  of  the 


510  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

4th  and  day  of  the  5th,  Lee's  whole  army  crossed  at  the  same  place, 
the  cavalry,  under  Stuart,  bringing  up  the  rear. 

The  infantry  camped  that  night  at  the  Three  Springs,  in  Frederick 
county,  nine  miles  from  Frederick.  The  cavalry  passed  at  once  to 
the  flank,  and  extended  an  impenetrable  veil  of  pickets  across  Mont- 
gomery and  Frederick  counties,  from  the  Potomac  to  New  Market, 
beyond  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad,  and  on  the  National  turn- 
pike from  Baltimore  to  Frederick.  Robertson's  brigade,  under  Mun- 
ford,  was  posted  on  the  right  with  his  advance  at  Poolesville;  Hamp- 
ton's at  Hyattstown,  and  Fitz.  Lee's  at  New  Market;  cavalry  head- 
quarters were  established  at  L'rbana,  eight  miles  soutwest  of  Frederick, 
and  in  the  rear  of  the  centre  of  the  line  thus  established.  This  was 
the  position  on  the  night  of  September  5th.  On  the  6th,  Lee  moved 
his  infantry  to  Frederick,  the  cavalry  retaining  its  line.  On  the  same 
day  McCIellan  moved  out  as  far  as  Rockville,  which  brought  him 
within  fifteen  miles  of  Stuart's  pickets.  By  the  9th  he  had  cautiously 
pushed  out  some  eight  or  nine  miles  further,  the  right  wing,  under 
Burnside,  occupying  Brookville  ;  the  centre  Middlebrook,  and  Frank- 
lin on  the  left  Darnestown ;  while  Couch  was  kept  close  on  the 
Potomac  at  the  mouth  of  Seneca.  The  position  thus  taken  by  Mc- 
CIellan was  a  defensive  one,  on  the  ridges  along  the  line  of  Seneca 
Creek,  and  was  intended  by  him  to  be  occupied  in  defensive  battle. 
He  had  no  idea  of  attacking,  and,  as  far  as  can  be  seen,  his  single 
hope  was  to  interpose  such  a  force  in  front  of  Washington  as  might 
best  defend  an  advance  from  the  conquering  legions  of  Lee. 

General  McCIellan  was  undoubtedly  overpowered  by  his  own  esti- 
mate of  the  forces,  moral,  political  and  military,  of  his  adversary.  He 
knew  Lee's  character,  and  his  career  in  Mexico.  He  knew  the  value 
of  personality  in  war,  and  he  knew  that  those  forces  were,  beyond 
estimate,  greater  than  his.  He  believed,  and  it  was  not  discreditable 
to  an  honorable  and  high-spirited  man  to  believe,  that  the  army 
which  had  overcome  him  before  Richmond  was  numerically  superior 
to  his  own  forces.  He  so  represented  to  Halleck  and  Staunton  again 
and  again.  In  the  battles  before  Richmond  General  McCIellan  held 
under  his  control  for  actual  operations  115,102  effectives. 

During  the  same  period  Lee  controlled  80,835  men.  Yet  on  June 
25th,  1862,  MeClellan  reported  to  Stanton,  Secretary  of  War,  that 
Lee's  force  was  stated  to  be  200,000,  and  on  June  26th  he  states  that 
the  secret  service  reports  his  force  to  be  180,000,  which  he  does  not 
consider  excessive.     Therefore,  after  the  defeats  around  Richmond, 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       511 

and  after  the  disasters  of  Second  Manassas,  McClelland  believed  and 
so  reported  that  the  troops  under  Lee  amounted  to  97,445.  We  can 
sympathize  with,  and  appreciate  the  feelings  with  which,  on  Septem- 
ber 4th,  in  command  of  90,000  soldiers  of  the  campaigns  of  the  Seven 
Days'  battles  and  of  Second  Manassas,  he  left  the  shelter  of  the  forti- 
fications at  Washington,  to  seek  for  and  give  battle  to  Lee  with 
97,445  fighting  men.  It  is  not  discreditable  to  him,  his  Generals,  or 
his  soldiers,  for  us  to  believe  that  they  sought  a  rendezvous  for  which 
they  were  not  anxious.  This  view  of  the  condition  of  McClellan's 
mind  will  account  for  many  things  otherwise  incomprehensible,  in 
the  events  of  the  succeeding  ten  days. 

While  McClellan  marched  out  of  Washington  to  protect  the  capital 
against  an  army  which  he  believed  to  be  overwhelming,  he  was  hand- 
icapped still  more  by  the  apprehensions  of  the  Washington  govern- 
ment. 

They  distrusted  him.  He  had  no  confidence  in  them.  They  were 
pervaded  with  apprehensions  that  Lee's  movement  into  Western 
Maryland  was  a  strategic  ruse  to  secure  from  McClellan  an  abandon- 
ment of  the  capital  in  order  that  Lee  might  by  a  quick  march  turn 
his  left,  and  seize  Washington  before  he  could  strike  a  blow  in  its  de- 
fence. During  the  whole  of  the  Union  General's  advance  into  Mary- 
land, he  was  trammeled  and  harrassed  by  constant  cautions  from  the 
General-in-Chief  that  he  should  protect  them.     He  says  in  his  report: 

"I  left  Washington  on  the  7th  of  September.  At  this  time  it  was 
known  that  the  mass  of  the  Rebel  army  had  passed  up  the  south  side 
of  the  Potomac  in  the  direction  of  Leesburg,  and  that  a  portion  of 
that  army  had  crossed  into  Maryland,  but  whether  it  was  their  inten- 
tion to  cross  their  whole  force  with  a  view  to  turn  Washington  by  a 
flank  movement  down  the  north  bank  of  the  Potomac,  to  move  on 
Baltimore,  or  to  invade  Pennsylvania,  were  questions  which  at  that 
time  we  had  no  means  of  determining.  This  uncertainty  as  to  the 
intentions  of  the  enemy  obliged  me,  up  to  the  13th  of  September,  to 
march  cautiously,  and  to  advance  the  army  in  such  order  as  contin- 
ually to  keep  Washington  and  Baltimore  covered,  and  at  the  same 
time  to  hold  the  troops  well  in  hand  so  as  to  be  able  to  concentrate 
and  follow  rapidly  if  the  enemy  took  the  direction  of  Pennsylvania, 
or  to  return  to  the  defence  of  Washington,  if  as  was  greatly  feared  by 
the  authorities,  the  enemy  should  be  merely  making  a  feint  with  a 
small  force  to  draw  off  our  army,  while  with  their  main  forces  they 
stood  ready  to  seize  the  first  favorable  opportunity  to  attack  the 
capital." 


612  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

On  September  9th,  Halleck  telegraphed  to  McClellan:  "It  may  be 
the  enemy's  object  to  draw  off  the  mass  of  our  forces  and  then  at- 
tempt to  attack  from  the  Virginia  side  of  the  Potomac." 

Lee' s  j^,ooo  tnen  were  on  that  day  prepariyig  to  march  7iorthward 
from  Frederick. 

On  the  1 2th  Prebident  Lincoln  telegraphed  McClellan:  "I  have 
advices  that  Jackson  is  crossing  the  Potomac  at  Williamsport,  and 
probably  the  whole  Rebel  army  will  be  drawn  from  Maryland." 
"Please  do  not  let  him  get  off  without  being  hurt." 

On  the  13th  Halleck  telegraphed  him  :  "I  am  of  opinion  that  the 
enemy  will  send  a  small  column  towards  Pennsylvania  to  draw  off 
your  forces  in  that  direction,  then  suddenly  move  on  Washingion 
with  the  forces  south  of  the  Potomac,  and  there  he  may  cross  over." 

Jackson,  McLaws  and  Walker  were  07i  that  day  investing  Har- 
pers Ferry.  On  the  14th  Halleck  telegraphed:  "Scouts  report  a 
large  force  still  on  the  Virginia  side  of  the  Potomac ;  if  so,  I  fear  you 
are  exposing  your  left  and  rear." 

Harpers  Ferry  surrendered  at  8  A.  M.  on  September  15th.  And 
on  September  i6th,  the  day  after  the  surrender  of  Harpers  Ferry, 
he  again  telegraphed:  "I  think,  however,  you  will  find  that  the 
whole  force  of  the  enemy  in  your  front  has  crossed  the  river ;  I  fear 
now  more  than  ever  that  they  will  recross  at  Harpers  Ferry,  or 
below,  and  turn  your  left,  thus  cutting  you  off  from  Washington. 
This  has  appeared  to  me  to  be  a  part  of  their  plan,  and  hence  my 
anxiety  on  the  subject.     A  heavy  rain  might  prevent  it." 

This  was  the  day  when  McClellan  was  feeling  along  Lee's  front  at 
Sharpsburg,  and  the  day  before  the  battle.  No  heavy  rain  ever  did 
prevent  Lee's  moveme7its,  or  hinder  Jackson,  Longstreet  or  the  Hills. 
Just  before  this  point  of  time  occurred  one  of  those  incidents  which, 
unforeseen  and  astounding,  change  the  conduct  of  campaigns  and  the 
fortunes  of  war. 

Western  Maryland  is  traversed  by  the  Catoctin  range  of  mountains 
running  through  Frederick  county  from  the  Potomac  to  Pennsyl- 
vania. Parallel  and  about  eight  miles  northwest  runs  the  South 
Mountain,  the  extension  through  Maryland  of  the  Blue  Ridge,  the 
dividing  line  between  Frederick  and  Washington  counties. 

From  two  miles  and  a  half  to  three  miles  northwest  of  South  Moun- 
tain runs  the  Elk  Ridge  from  the  Potomac,  extending  almost  eight 
miles  parallel  to  the  South  mountain. 

The  Valley  of  the  Monocacy  is  east  of  the  Catoctin.  Between  it 
and  South  Mountain  is  Middleton  Valley,  and  between  South  Moun- 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Asaociatian.       513 

tain  and  Elk  Ridge  is  Pleasant  Valley.  Along  the  base  of  the  Blue 
Ridge  in  Virginia,  the  Shenandoah  empties  into  the  Potomac.  At 
the  confluence  of  the  two  rivers  is  Harpers  Ferry.  It  is  dominated 
on  the  Maryland  side  by  the  southern  terminus  of  Elk  Ridge,  called 
Maryland  Heights,  and  on  the  Virginia  side  by  the  northern  end  of 
Blue  Ridge,  known  as  Loudoun  Heights.  Harpers  Ferry  is,  ol  itself, 
a  cul  de  sac,  indefensible  against  the  dominating  heights  on  either 
side.  Both  Loudoun  Heights  and  Maryland  Heights  are  accessible 
from  the  rear  by  roads,  and  can  be  carried  by  a  determined  attack. 

When  Lee  crossed  into  Maryland  he  knew  that  eleven  thousand 
Federal  troops  were  stationed  at  Winchester,  Martinsburg  and  Har- 
pers Ferry.  After  he  had  crossed,  he  was  informed  that  they  had 
retired  from  Winchester.  He  supposed  as  he  had  a  right  to  expect  that 
they  would  evacuate  the  line  of  the  Upper  Potomac,  and  withdraw 
by  way  of  Hagerstown  into  Pennsylvania.  It  is  singular,  but  true, 
that  whenever  Lee  anticipated  his  adversary's  making  a  blunder  he 
was  never  disappointed ;  whenever  he  relied  upon  his  acting  upon 
sound  rules  of  strategy  his  expectations  always  failed.  So  it  was, 
that  when  he  relied  upon  the  evacuation  of  Harpers  Ferry  he  found 
that  he  was  entirely  mistaken  in  his  calculations. 

On  the  9th  of  September  he  learned  that  the  forces  in  the  Lower 
Valley  had  been  concentrated  at  Harpers  Ferry.  In  order  to  dis- 
pose of  this  threat  upon  his  flank  and  rear,  he  at  once  set  his  army 
in  motion,  directing  Major-General  J.  G.  Walker  to  proceed  by  the 
Virginia  side  to  occupy  Loudoun  Heights,  Major-General  McLaws, 
with  Major-General  R.  H.  Anderson,  to  take  possession  of  Mary- 
land Heights,  and  Jackson,  with  the  Second  corps,  to  proceed  by 
way  of  Williamsport  and  Martinsburg  to  invest  Harpers  Ferry,  on 
the  line  between  the  Potomac  and  the  Shenandoah.  General  Jack- 
son was  directed  to  take  charge  of  the  movement,  and  the  detached 
columns  were  ordered  to  be  in  position  on  Friday,  the  i2th.  Long- 
street,  with  eleven  brigades,  and  Hill,  with  five,  were  ordered  to  take 
position  at  Boonsboro,  where  the  rest  of  the  army  was  ordered  to 
join  them  after  the  reduction  of  Harpers  Ferry.  At  day-light,  on 
the  loth,  his  army  moved,  on  the  National  road,  from  Frederick  to 
Hagerstown.  McClellan  explains  the  tardiness  of  his  movements, 
because,  he  says,  his  troops  and  trains  moving  on  one  road  would 
have  made  a  column  fifty  miles  long.  Lee  found  no  such  difficulty. 
His  army  swept  along  the  broad  turnpike  in  three  close  parallel 
columns,  artillery  and  trains  in  the  centre,  and  infantry  on  each  side. 
6 


514  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers, 

THE  FABLE  OF  BARBARA  FRITCHIE. 

The  march  of  the  army  of  Northern  Virginia  through  the  streets 
of  Frederick  on  the  loth  of  September,  was  the  occasion  of  a  scan- 
dalous invention  in  derogation  of  its  honor,  which  has  gone  to  the 
world  as  the  "ballad  of  Barbara  Fritchie."  The  point  and  the 
pathos  of  this  creation  of  the  imagination,  is  in  the  description  of  a 
scene,  in  which  an  aged  and  decrepit  woman,  fired  by  patriotism  and 
nerved  by  a  courage,  in  which  the  men  were  lacking,  flaunted  the  flag 
of  the  United  States,  defiantly  in  the  face  of  the  Confederate  column 
as  it  swept  through  Frederick.  That,  by  order  of  Stonewall  Jackson, 
a  volley  was  fired  at  her  and  her  flag,  and  then,  seized  by  sudden  re- 
morse, the  ideal  Confederate  hero,  passed  on  with  heart  wrung  by 
shame,  and  head  bowed  by  grief,  at  the  unnatural  crime  of  which  he 
had  been  guilty.  It  transmits  in  smooth  and  melodious  verse,  the  ex- 
plicii:  statement  that  one  of  the  chief  historical  characters  of  the  Con- 
federacy, he,  whom  the  love  of  his  contemporaries,  and  the  venera- 
tion of  the  good  in  the  whole  world,  have  singled  out  and  apotheo- 
sized as  the  hero,  the  genius,  the  martyr  of  the  cause  of  honor, 
chivalry  and  patriotism — that  Stonewall  Jackson  ordered  Confederate 
soldiers  to  fire  on  an  old  woman,  feebly  flaunting  a  flag  out  of  a  gar- 
ret window,  and  then  overwhelmed  with  remorse  and  griet,  hung  his 
head  and  fled  from  the  scene  of  his  shame.  The  function  of  the 
singer  has  in  all  time  been  akin  to  that  of  the  prophet.  While  the 
latter  gave  expression  to  the  will  and  the  purposes  of  the  gods,  the 
former  moulds  into  words,  the  hopes,  the  memories,  and  the  aspira- 
tions of  races,  of  people,  and  of  nations.  The  real  poet  is  under  obli- 
gations to  truth,  for  truth  lives  and  stirs  the  heart,  and  perpetuates 
heroic  deeds,  and  the  desire  to  do  them.  Therefore  there  is  no  ex- 
cuse for  this  slander  and  libel  on  the  Confederate  cause,  the  Confede- 
rate soldier  and  the  Confederate  hero.  Not  only  is  every  allegation 
in  the  story  of  Barbara  Fritchie  false,  but  there  never  existed  founda- 
tion for  it.  I  was  born  in  Frederick  and  lived  there  until  May,  1861, 
when  I  joined  the  Confederate  army,  I  had  known  Barbara  Fritchie 
all  my  life.  I  knew  where  she  lived,  as  well  as  I  knew  the  town  clock. 
At  that  time  she  was  eighty-four  years  old,  and  had  been  bed-ridden 
for  some  time.  She  never  saw  a  Confederate  soldier,  and  probably 
no  one  of  any  kind.  Her  house  was  at  the  corner  of  Patrick  street 
and  the  Town  Creek  bridge.  The  troops  marched  by  there  during  a 
portion  of  the  loth  of  September.     On  that  morning  General  Jack- 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       515 

son  and  his  staff  rode  into  the  town  to  the  house  of  the  Rev.  Dr. 
Ross,  the  Presbyterian  clergyman  there,  and  paid  a  visit  to  Mrs. 
Ross,  who  was  the  daughter  of  Governor  McDowell,  of  Lexington, 
Virginia,  where  Jackson  lived,  and  whom  he  knew  well.  After  the 
visit  to  Mrs.  Ross,  at  the  parsonage,  which  was  next  to  the  Presbyte- 
rian church,  and  not  on  the  same  street,  nor  near  Mrs.  Fritchie's 
house,  he  rode  at  the  head  of  his  staff  by  the  Courthouse,  down 
through  the  Mill  alley,  up  to  Patrick  street  some  distance  beyond  the 
Fritchie  house.  He  never  passed  it,  and  in  all  probability  never  saw 
it.  It  is  needless  to  say  that  no  such  incident  as  that  described  by 
Whittier,  could  have  occurred  in  the  Confederate  army,  which  was 
composed  of  men  in  all  stations  of  life,  fired  by  enthusiasm  for  the 
cause  of  honor,  liberty  and  patriotism.  The  highest  admiration  and 
the  warmest  love  of  principle  were  the  forces  which  directed  and  con- 
trolled it. 

It  is  quite  possible  that  the  future  historian  may  designate  the  pas- 
sion that  moved  it,  for  four  years  of  privation,  of  starvation,  of 
battle,  wounds  and  death,  as  fanatical.  But  it  was  devotion  to  the 
highest  ideal  which  men  or  nations  have  ever  created  for  themselves. 
Therefore,  it  was  impossible  for  such  men.  so  led,  to  perpetrate  the 
puerile  act  laid  to  their  charge,  and  no  such  thing  occurred  anywhere, 
in  Frederick  or  elsewhere. 

I  doubt  not  that  women  and  children  waved  Union  flags  in  the 
faces  of  Confederates;  such  incidents  were  natural,  and  doubtless  did 
occur.  But  the  soldiers  never  resented  it,  on  the  contrary,  it  amused 
them,  and  the  only  punishment  I  ever  heard  of  being  administered 
to  them,  the  fair  patriots,  was  witticism,  more  or  less  rough,  from  the 
ready  tongues  of  the  privates  in  the  ranks 

Jackson  moved  rapidly  in  advance  to  Boonsboro',  then  turned  to 
the  left,  crossed  the  Potomac  at  Williamsport,  passed  through  Mar- 
tinsburg  and  closed  in  on  Harper's  Ferry  by  noon  of  the  13th,  a 
march  of  sixty-two  miles  in  three  days  and  a  half,  McLaws  turned 
off  the  National  road  at  Middletown  and  passed  over  the  South 
Mountain  range  by  Crampton's  Gap  into  Pleasant  Valley.  After 
some  sharp  fighting  he  got  possession  of  Maryland  Heights  on  the 
afternoon  of  the  13th.  Walker  got  to  his  place  on  Loudoun  Ht-ights 
during  the  evening  of  the  13th.  At  night  of  the  13th,  therefore,  the 
investment  of  Harper's  Ferry  was  complete.  Escape  was  impossible. 
Rescue  by  McClellan  was  the  only  salvation.  General  Lee,  with 
Longstreet  and  the  reserve  artillery,  had  in  the  meantime  gone  into 
camp  at  Hagerstown  and  D.  H.  Hill  at  Boonsboro. 


516  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

We  left  McClellan  on  the  9th  occupying  the  ridges  along  the  line 
of  the  Seneca.  On  the  loth  he  moved  his  centre  some  five  miles 
further  to  Damascus  and  Clarksburgh,  and  his  left  to  Poolesville  and 
Barnesville  where  he  came  in  contact  with  Stuart's  lines.  The  duty 
of  the  cavalry  was  only  to  cover  the  movements  of  Lee  which  had 
begun  that  morning,  and  Stuart  merely  held  his  position  until  pressed 
back  by  McClellan's  infantry.  On  the  nth  he  withdrew,  still  spread- 
ing a  cordon  of  cavalry,  covering  about  twenty  miles  between  the 
Federal  and  Confederate  armies. 

Munford,  with  the  Second  and  Twelfth  Virginia  cavalry  (the  rest  of 
Robertson's  brigade  being  on  detached  service),  was  moved  back 
to  Jefferson  and  thence  to  Crampton's  Gap;  Fitz  Lee  was  directed 
to  move  from  New  Market  around  Frederick  to  the  north  and  cross 
the  Catoctin  range  six  miles  above  Frederick,  while  Hampton  retired 
leisurely  to  Frederick,  six  miles  distant.  Familiarity  with  the  topo- 
graphy, since  boyhood,  refreshed  by  personal  inspection  this  summer, 
has  only  increased  my  admiration  for  Stuart's  genius  for  war.  In  a 
strange  country,  with  ordinary  maps  as  his  guides,  his  dispositions 
could  not  have  been  excelled,  if  he  were  operating  over  territory 
carefully  described  and  accurately  portrayed  by  the  most  skilful  engi- 
neers. From  the  moment  Lee  crossed  the  Potomac,  Stuart  covered 
his  positions  and  his  movements  with  impenetrable  secrecy,  so  far  as 
McClellan  was  concerned,  and  he  concealed  Lee's  movements  so 
perfectly  that  McClellan  reported  that,  on  September  loth,  "he  re- 
ceived from  his  scouts  information  which  rendered  it  quite  probable 
that  General  Lee's  army  was  in  the  vicinity  of  Frederick,  but  whether 
his  intention  was  to  move  toward  Baltimore  or  Pennsylvania  was  not 
then  known." 

Lee' s  whole  army  had,  in  fact,  been  for  five  days  eyicamped  around 
Frederick,  and  was  then  in  full  march  up  the  National  road.  If  it 
had  not  been  for  a  piece  of  extraordinary  negligence,  McClellan  never 
would  have  divined  Lee's  purposes  until  after  Harpers  Ferry  had 
been  taken,  and  with  his  army  well  in  hand,  reinforced,  refreshed  and 
rested,  Lee  would  have  delivered  battle  on  his  own  conditions,  with 
time  and  place  of  his  own  selection.  No  one,  Union  or  Confederate, 
doubts  what  the  issue  of  such  a  struggle  would  have  been.  The 
army  of  McClellan  would  have  been  routed,  Baltimore  and  Washing- 
ton opened  to  the  Confederates,  and  then — what  ?  This  misfortune 
to  the  cause  of  the  Confederacy  will  be  described  hereafter. 

On  September  nth,  Lee  having  his  army  well-disposed  beyond 
the  South  Mountain,  and   the   two   ranges   of  Catoctin   and   South 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Asfiociation.       5 1 7 

Mountain  having  been  interposed  between  his  infantry  and  the  Fede- 
ral advance,  McClellan  threw  forward  his  right,  the  Ninth  and  First 
corps,  under  Burnside,  to  New  Market,  taking  the  phice  of  Fitz 
Lee's  cavalry.  He  then  began  what  was  described  as  a  grand  left 
wheel,  his  right  turning  gradually  so  as  to  be  advanced. 

Fitz  Lee  kept  his  rear  guard  close  to  Burnside,  and  well  advised 
of  his  movements.  Hampton,  with  Stuart  and  the  general  staff, 
moved  through  Frederick.  Stuart  desired  to  defend  the  passes  in 
the  Catoctin,  and  ordered  Munford  to  hold  the  gap  at  Jefferson  for 
that  purpose.  But,  Burnside  pressed  up  the  National  road  on  the 
1 2th,  and  Pleasonton's  cavalry  being  unable  to  make  an  impression 
on  Stuart,  forced  his  infantry  on  him  and  Hampton  in  the  streets  of 
Frederick.  One  gun  was  placed  in  position  in  Patrick  street,  in 
front  of  the  foundry,  supported  by  a  regiment  and  a  half  of  infan- 
try and  a  body  of  cavalry.  Hampton  was  sitting  on  his  horse,  with 
his  staff,  in  front  of  the  City  Hotel,  some  eight  hundred  yards  off,  in 
nearly  a  direct  line.  He  sent  the  Second  South  Carolina  cavalry, 
Colonel,  now  Senator,  M.  C.  Butler,  rattling  down  the  street  with  a 
yell  and  a  vim  that  might  have  started  the  stones  out  of  the  side- 
walk. 

Lieutenant  Meighan  led  the  advance  squadron.  The  South  Caro- 
linians rode  over  guns,  horses,  infantry  and  artillery.  Colonel  Moore, 
Twenty-third  Ohio,  was  captured.  Five  horses  attached  to  the  piece 
were  killed,  so  that  it  could  not  be  taken  off.  It  was  overset  in  the 
fray.  Ten  prisoners  were  carried  off.  This  lesson  taught  Burnside 
caution,  and  Stuart  held  the  pass  at  Hagans,  where  the  National  road 
crosses  the  Catoctin,  five  miles  from  Frederick  ;  all  the  rest  of  the 
Twelfth,  with  the  Jeff  Davis  Legion,  and  two  guns. 

On  the  Twelfth,  then,  Stuart's  Cavalry  held  the  Catoctin  range, 
and  McClellan  had  advanced  his  right  under  Burnside  to  Frederick, 
his  centre  under  Sumner  to  Urbana  and  Ijamsville.  while  his  left,  under 
Franklin,  still  dragged  behind  close  to  the  Potomac.  Burnside  was 
in  contact  with  Stuart's  cavalry  at  Hagans ;  but  Sumner  and  Frank- 
lin were  at  least  twelve  miles  from  an  enemy  while  they  camped  at 
Urbana  and  Barnesville. 

The  next  day,  September  13th,  Walker,  McLaws  and  lackson, 
completed  the  investment  of  Harpers  Ferry. 

Halleck  and  Stanton  were  telegraphing  McClellan  with  hot  wires 
to  save  the  army  and  material  there.  Frederick  is  twenty  miles 
from  Harpers  Ferry.  Stuart,  on  leaving  Frederick,  sent  instructions 
to  Fitz  Lee  to  gain  the  enemy's  rear  and  ascertain  his  force. 


518  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

For  the  purpose  of  delaying  his  advance  and  giving  all  time  possi- 
ble for  the  capture  of  Harpers  Ferry,  and  subsequent  concentration 
of  Lee's  army,  he  called  back  Hampton's  brigade  on  the  morning  of 
the  13th  to  assist  the  Jeff  Davis  Legion  in  holding  the  gap  at  Hagans. 

They  did  so  until  midday  of  the  13th,  when  absolutely  forced  out 
of  it  by  the  irresistible  pressure  of  Burnside's  two  corps  ;  and  during 
the  13th  the  cavalry  made  two  separate  stands  against  the  Federal 
infantry  in  Middletown  Valley,  for  the  purpose  of  saving  time  and  re- 
tarding the  advance.  By  noon  of  the  13th,  however,  Burnside  had 
obtained  possesssion  of  the  top  of  the  mountain  at  Hagans.  From 
that  point  is  a  most  extensive  and  lovely  view.  Middletown  Valley, 
rich  in  orchards,  farm  houses,  barns,  and  flocks  and  herds  spread  be- 
fore you,  down  to  the  Potomac  and  Virginia  on  the  left,  and  up  to 
Mason  and  Dixon's  line  and  Pennsylvania  on  the  right.  The  South 
Mountain,  or  Blue  Ridge,  stretches  out,  a  wall  of  green  on  the  west- 
ern side  of  this  Elysian  scene,  while  Catoctin  forms  its  eastern  bounds. 
From  Hagans  the  gap  at  Harpers  Ferry  is  plainly  visible.  With  a 
good  glass  you  can  see  through  it  to  the  line  and  hills  beyond.  On 
the  Maryland  Heights  was  a  high  tower,  erected  for  a  signal  station, 
and  flags  on  it,  and  at  Hagans  it  could  have  been  readily  distin- 
guished. They  were  not  eighteen  miles  apart.  Rockets  from  the 
Maryland  Heights  and  from  Hagans  would  have  been  easily  visible 
at  either  point.  Notwithstanding  this,  although  Burnside  obtained  pos- 
session of  Hagans  by  noon  on  the  13th,  before  Walker  had  occupied 
Loudoun  Heights,  or  McLaws  had  taken  Maryland  Heights,  no  at- 
temp  is  recorded  to  have  been  made  by  either  force  to  communicate 
by  signal  with  the  other  during  the  half  of  the  day  so  pregnant  with 
fate  for  the  garrison  at  Harpers  Ferry.  McClellan  fired  signal  guns  in- 
cessantly from  the  head  of  his  relieving  columns.  They  produced  the 
impression  upon  Miles  and  White  at  Harpers  Ferry  of  heavy  can- 
nonading, and  a  great  battle  somewhere,  and  scared  them  so  badly 
that  when  the  attack  was  really  made  upon  them,  they  surrendered  a 
strong  position  without  striking  a  blow  in  its  defence. 

Stuart  held  tenaciously  to  his  ground  until  driven  from  position  to 
position  by  infantry,  and  after  midday  of  the  13th,  he  drew  back  to 
the  pass  in  the  South  Mountain,  where  the  National  road  passes  over 
it.  He  found  the  pass  occupied  by  D.  H.  Hill,  and  turned  Hampton 
off  to  the  left  and  South,  to  move  down  Middletown  valley  by  the 
foot  of  the  mountain,  to  Crampton's  Gap,  which  he  considered  the 
weakest  part  of  Lee's  lines.  Hampton,  on  arriving  at  Burkettsville, 
joined  Munford  with  his  two  fragments  of  regiments. 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       519 

At  nig^ht,  then, of  the  13th,  this  was  the  position  of  affairs.  Jack- 
son on  Bolivar  Heights,  McLaws  on  Maryland  Heights,  and  Walker 
on  Loudoun  Heights,  had  completely  invested  Harpers  F'erry.  Lee, 
with  Longstreet,  was  near  Hagerstown,  D.  H.  Hill  at  Boonsboro', 
with  the  brigades  of  Colquitt  and  Garland  in  the  pass  through  the 
South  Mountain,  known  to  history  and  the  reports  as  Turner's  Gap, 
Hampton  and  Munford  guarded  Crampton's  Gap. 

Reno's  corps,  of  Burnside's  right  wing,  at  Middletown,  four  miles 
from  the  top  of  Turner's  Gap.  The  corps  of  Hooker,  Sumner, 
Mansfield  and  Sykes's  division,  around  Frederick,  eight  miles  from 
Middletown,  and  twelve  from  the  top  of  Turner's  Gap.  Franklin  was 
at  Buckeyestown,  twelve  miles  from  Crampton's  Gap,  with  Couch's 
division  three  miles  to  his  left,  at  Licksville.  The  roads  were  in 
capital  condition.  On  the  National  road,  three  columns  could  move 
abreast,  with  numerous  roads  over  Catoctin,  across  Middletown 
Valley.  Over  the  road  from  Buckeyestown,  Franklin  could  have 
marched  his  troops  in  a  double  column  to  Crampton's.  McClellan 
held  his  troops  everywhere  within  six  hours'  march  of  the  passes  of 
the  South  Mountain,  which  were  defended  at  Crampton's  by  cavalry, 
and  at  Turner's  by  two  weak  brigades  of  infantry.  Lee's  army  was 
divided  in  part  by  the  narrow  Pleasant  Valley.  If  a  march  had 
been  made  by  Reno,  at  sun-down,  on  Turner's  Gap,  and  by  Franklin 
on  Crampton's,  they  would  have  been  in  possessi(m  of  both  passes 
by  daylight  of  the  14th.  With  Franklin  in  possession  of  Cramp- 
ton's Gap,  he  would  have  been  five  miles  from  Maryland  Heights 
and  Harpers  Ferry.  With  Reno  in  Turner's  Gap,  the  head  of  Mc- 
Clellan's  columns  would  have  been  driven  between  D.  H.  Hill  and 
Longstreet  on  the  one  side,  and  Jackson,  McLaws  and  Walker  on 
the  other,  and  McClellan  could  have  isolated  and  fought  either  be- 
fore the  other  could  come  to  its  assistance.  The  caution  with  which 
General  McClellan  had  moved  forty-five  miles  in  nine  days  might 
well  be  explained  by  his  lack  of  knowledge  of  the  position  or  the 
intentions  of  Lee,  and  the  demoralized  condition  of  his  own  beaten 
troops. 

But  on  the  13th,  by  the  most  extrarodinary  fortune  of  war,  Mc- 
Clellan received  precise  and  official  information  of  the  exact  position 
of  each  of  the  Confederate  divisions  on  that  very  day.  He  was  put 
in  possession  of  Lee's  orders  to  his  corps  Commanders,  directing  the 
details  of  the  movement  on  Harpers  Ferry.  General  McClellan  says 
this  order  fell  into  his  hands.  The  Count  of  Paris  states  that  it  was 
picked  up  from  the  corner  of  a  table  in  the  house,  which  had  served 


520  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

as  headquarters  to  the  Confederate  General,  D.  H.  Hill.  A  story 
current  in  Frederick  is,  that  General  Hill  sat  for  sometime  at  the  cor- 
ner of  Market  and  Patrick  streets  inspecting  the  march  of  his  column 
as  it  moved  by.  and  was  observed  to  drop  a  paper  from  his  pocket, 
which  was  picked  up  as  soon  as  he  left,  and  delivered  to  McClellan  on 
his  arrival  on  the  13th.  It  was  a  copy  of  Special  Order  No.  191, 
which  had  been  sent  by  Jackson  to  D.  H.  Hill,  and  was  as  follows: 

Headquarters  Army  of  Northern  Virginia, 

September  9th,  1862. 

This  army  will  resume  its  march  to-morrow,  taking  the  Hagerstown 
road.  General  Jackson's  command  will  form  the  advance,  and  after 
passing  Middletown  with  such  portion  as  he  may  select,  take  the 
route  toward  Sharpsburg,  cross  the  Potomac,  and  by  Friday  night 
take  possession  of  the  Baltimore  and  Ohio  railroad,  and  capture  such 
of  the  enemy  as  may  be  at  Martinsburg,  and  intercept  such  of  the 
enemy  as  may  attempt  to  escape  from  Harpers  Ferry.  General 
Longstreet's  command  will  pursue  the  same  road  as  far  as  Boonsboro', 
where  it  will  halt  with  the  reserve,  supply  and  baggage  trains  of  the 
army.  General  McLaws,  with  his  own  division  and  that  of  General 
R.  H.  Anderson,  will  follow  General  Longstreet.  On  reaching  Mid- 
dletown he  will  take  the  route  to  Harpers  Ferry,  and  by  Friday 
morning  possess  himself  of  the  Maryland  Heights,  and  endeavor  to 
capture  the  enemy  at  Harpers  Ferry  and  vicinity. 

General  Walker,  with  his  division,  after  accomplishing  the  object  in 
which  he  is  now  engaged,  will  cross  the  Potomac  at  Cheek's  Ford, 
ascend  its  right  bank  to  Lovettsville,  and  take  possession  of  Loudoun 
Heights,  if  practicable,  by  Friday  morning — Key's  Ford  on  his  left, 
and  the  road  between  the  end  of  the  mountain  and  the  Potomac  on 
his  right.  He  will,  as  far  as  practicable,  co-operate  with  General 
McLaws  and  General  Jackson  in  intercepting  the  retreat  of  the  enemy. 
Genera!  D.  H.  Hill's  division  will  form  the  rear  guard  of  the  army, 
pursuing  the  road  taken  by  the  main  body.  The  reserve  artillery, 
ordnance  and  supply  trains,  etc.,  will  precede  General  Hill.  General 
Stuart  will  detach  a  squadron  of  cavalry  to  accompany  the  commands 
of  Generals  Longstreet,  Jackson  and  McLaws,  and  with  the  main 
body  of  the  cavalry  will  cover  the  route  of  the  army,  and  bring  up  all 
stragglers  that  may  have  been  left  behind.  The  commands  of  Gen- 
erals Jackson,  McLaws  and  Walker,  after  accomplishing  the  objects 
for  which  they  have  been  detached,  will  join  the  main  body  of  the 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       521 

army  at  Boonsboro'  or  Hagerstown.  Each  regiment  on  the  march 
will  habitually  carry  its  axes  in  the  regimental  ordnance  wagons,  for 
use  of  the  men  at  their  encampments  to  procure  wood,  etc. 

By  Command  oi  General  R.  E.  Lee. 

R.  H.  Chilton, 
Assistant  Adjutant-  General. 
Major-  General  D.  H.  Hill 

Cotnmanding  Division. 

At  what  time  on  the  13th  General  McClellan  obtained  possession 
of  this  order  is  unknown.  His  order  to  Franklin  to  move  at  day- 
break of  the  r4th  on  Burketsville  is  dated  Sept.  13th,  6.20  P.  M. 

At  that  hour  all  of  his  army  was  in  camp.  Most  of  his  corps  had 
marched  about  six  miles  that  day.  Only  two  or  three  divisions  had 
marched  as  far  as  eight  miles.  A  vigorous  march  of  six  hours  would 
have  put  Burnside  through  Turner's  Gap,  and  Franklin  through 
Crampton's  by  daylight  of  the  14th.  Longstreet  and  Hill  would 
have  been  cut  off  from  the  rest  of  the  army,  and  McLaws  cooped  up 
in  Pleasant  Valley  with  6,500  men,  by  Franklin  with  12,300  at  the  one 
end  of  the  Valley  and  Miles  with  11,000  at  the  other. 

But  such  prompt  action  was  not  taken  by  the  Federal  Commander- 
in-Chief.  He  put  his  troops  in  motion  on  the  morning  of  the  14th, 
after  a  comfortable  breakfast,  and  they  proceeded  leisurely  enough  to 
Burketsville  and  Middletown. 

On  that  morning  Stuart,  finding  nothing  in  front  of  Crampton's, 
sent  Hampton  down  to  Sandy  Hook,  the  point  between  the  South 
Mountain  and  the  Potomac,  and  left  Munford  with  his  handful  of 
cavalry  to  guard  Crampton.  He  had  the  Second  Virginia  cavalry, 
125  men,  Twelftli  Virginia  cavalry,  75  and  two  fragments  of  infantry 
regiments  of  Mahone's  brigade.  About  noon  Franklin  arrived, 
Munford  dismounted  his  cavalry  and  deployed  them  behind  a  stone 
wall  on  each  side  of  the  road  at  the  foot  of  the  mountain  on  the  flank 
of  the  infantry.  His  artillery,  consisting  of  Chew's  battery  and  a 
section  of  Navy  Howitzers  belonging  to  the  Portsmouth  battery,  was 
posted  on  the  slope  of  the  mountain.  Colonel  Parham.  commanding 
Mahone's  brigade  soon  came  up  with  two  more  regiments  numbering 
300  men  and  were  similarly  posted  by  Munford. 

Franklin  promptly  formed  Slocum's  division  on  the  right  of  the 
road  leading  through  the  gap  and  Smith's  division  on  the  left  and 
moved  them  forward.     Munford  clung  to  his  position  with  tenacity. 


522  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

and  it  was  only  after  three  hours'  struggle  that  the  two  divisions  were 
enabled  to  drive  the  dismounted  cavalry  and  Mahone's  small  brigade, 
and  then  only  because  they  were  out  of  ammunition.  Munford's 
eyitire  force  did  not  exceed  a  thousand  men. 

Stuart  reports  that  General  Semmes,  who  held  a  gap  next  below 
(probably  a  mile  off),  rendered  no  assistance  of  any  kind.  General 
Howell  Cobb,  who  had  been  loitering  for  hours  on  the  other  side  of 
the  pass,  at  last  arrived  with  two  regiments,  and  requested  Munford 
to  post  them.  While  he  was  doing  so,  in  a  second  line  in  rear  of  his 
first,  the  infantry  of  the  first,  whose  ammunition  had  given  out,  fell 
back.  At  this,  Cobb's  regiments  broke  in  panic  and  went  pell-mell 
over  the  mountain,  carrying  back  with  them  the  rest  of  Cobb's 
brigade,  which  was  moving  to  their  assistance.  Slocum's  advance, 
Cobb's  fugitives  and  the  dismounted  cavalry  all  arrived  at  about  the 
same  time,  in  the  dark,  at  the  forks  of  the  Rohrersville  road.  Stuart 
came  up  and  assisted  in  rallying  and  reforming  the  infantry.  A  line 
was  formed  across  Pleasant  Valley,  and  Franklin's  further  progress 
stopped. 

Turner's  Gap  is  six  miles  north  of  Crampton's.  It  is  passed  by 
the  National  road  in  a  series  of  easy  grades.  The  mountains  on 
either  side  command  the  approaches  to  the  pass.  A  mile  west  of 
Middletown  at  Koogle's  bridge,  a  country  road  leaves  the  broad  turn- 
pike on  the  left  or  south  side  of  the  pike,  and  passes  over  South 
Mountain,  a  mile  south  of  Turner's.  It  is  the  road  which  had  been 
cut  by  Braddock,  in  his  campaign,  and  is  now  known  as  the  old 
Sharpsburg  road.  It  is  steep  on  the  eastern  approach;  on  the  north 
of  Turner's,  the  mountain  ridge  subsides  to  an  opening  or  recess  be- 
tween two  spurs.  A  country  road  runs  up  this  ravine,  or  recess,  and 
turning  up  the  mountain  ascends,  and  passing  along  the  side  near  the 
summit,  joins  the  National  road  in  Turner's  Gap,  a  hundred  yards  or 
so  from  the  top.  McClellan  is  in  error  in  calling  this  the  old  Hagers- 
town  road,  and  has  caused  the  error  to  be  perpetuated  by  all  subse- 
quent writers.  The  old  Stage  road  and  trail  from  Frederick  to 
Hagerstown  passes  the  South  Mountain  six  miles  north  of  Turner's 
Gap. 

It  was  D.  H.  Hill's  business  to  hold  the  gap  until  the  reduction  of 
Harpers  Ferry  should  be  effected.  Stuart  had  led  him  to  believe  on 
the  night  of  the  13th,  that  only  two  Federal  brigades  were  advancing 
on  the  National  road,  so  he  ordered  Colquitt  and  Garland  back  from 
Boonsboro',  three  miles  off,  and  put  them  in  the  pass.  Early  next 
morning  he  ordered   up  Anderson's  brigade.     It  only  got  there  in 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  AsHodaticm.       523 

time  to  take  the  place  of  Garland's  command,  which  was  driven  back 
demoralized  by  his  death. 

The  Ninth  corps,  General  Reno,  marched  from  Middletown  at  day- 
light of  the  14th,  Cox's  division  in  advance,  turned  into  the  old 
Sharpsburg  road  at  Kugle's  Mills  and  followed  by  the  rest  of  the 
corps  pressed  for  the  top  of  the  mountain.  Hill  sent  Garland  to 
repel  this  attack,  but  Garland  was  killed,  his  command  driven  back 
and  it  was  rallied  by  Anderson's  brigade,  together  with  which,  it  held 
the  Federal  left  back  during  the  remainder  of  the  day.  It  killed 
Reno  however. 

Colquitt  was  placed  in  the  centre  astride  of  the  turnpike.  Later, 
Ripley  was  sent  to  the  right  to  support  Anderson,  and  Rodes  to  the 
left  to  seize  a  commanding  peak  of  the  mountain  there.  Thus  were 
HilTs  five  brigades  posted.  The  whole  of  the  Ninth  corps  was 
pushed  up  to  the  position  secured  by  Cox  when  he  drove  back  Gar- 
land on  Hill's  right.  Hooker's  First  corps  turned  from  the  National 
road  at  Bolivar,  leaving  Gibbon  on  the  pike,  and  pressed  up  the 
mountain  road  to  Hill's  left.  Neither  the  Ninth  corps  on  the  Federal 
left,  nor  the  First  corps  on  the  right,  made  much  progress.  By  four 
in  the  afternoon  Longstreet  came  up  with  the  brigades  of  Evans, 
Pickett,  Kemper,  and  Jenkins  which  he  placed  on  the  left,  and  Hood, 
Whiting,  Drayton,  and  D.  R.  Jones  which  he  posted  on  the  right. 
But  the  men  were  exhausted  by  a  forced  march  of  twelve  or  fourteen 
miles  over  a  hot  and  dusty  road,  and  General  Longstreet  himself  was 
not  acquainted  with  the  topography  of  the  position  nor  the  situation 
of  the  Federals  Hill  says,  that  if  the  reinforcements  had  reported 
to  him  he  would  have  held  all  the  positions  right  and  lelt  of  the  gap. 
As  it  was  the  Ninth  corps  made  no  further  advance  but  was  held  firmly 
in  the  position  taken  in  the  morning  from  Garland,  but  Hooker  worked 
and  fought  his  way  to  the  possession  of  a  commanding  spur  on  his 
right,  which  dominated  the  gap  itself  and  the  position  on  the  Con- 
federate left.  At  9  o'clock  at  night  fighting  ceased  along  the  whole 
line,  with  Hill  in  possession  of  the  gap  and  of  the  left,  and  Hooker 
firmly  seated  on  the  mountain  on  the  right,  where  in  the  morning  he 
could  control  the  whole  line.  F'itz  Lee  having  failed  to  gain  McCle- 
lan's  rear  from  Frederick,  had  crossed  the  Catoctin  range  five  miles 
north  of  Middletown,  and  the  South  Mountain,  some  miles  above 
Turner's,  and  joined  Hill  at  Boonsboro'  late  the  afternoon  of  the 
14th. 

He  relieved  the  infantry  before  dawn  on  the  morning  of  the  15th, 
and   Hill  and  Longstreet  withdrew  noiselessly  and  rapidly  through 


524  Southern   Historical   Society  Papers 

Boonsboro' ,  to  Sharpsburg,  eight  miles  off,  where  they  took  position 
before  noon  of  the  15th. 

We  will  now  return  to  Harpers  Ferry.  McLaws  having  constructed 
a  road  up  the  Maryland  Heights  and  placed  his  artillery  in  position 
during  the  14th,  while  this  fighting  was  going  on  at  Crampton's  Gap 
and  at  Turner's  Gap,  signalled  to  Jackson  that  he  was  ready;  where- 
upon Jackson  signalled  the  order  to  both  Walker  and  McLaws  : 
"  Fire  at  such  positions  of  the  enemy  as  will  be  most  effective."  His 
Infantry  was  moved  up  the  road  from  Charlestown  towards  Harpers 
Ferry.  At  day-light  the  circle  of  fire  blazed  out  around  Miles,  the 
Federal  commander  at  Harpers  Ferry,  and  by  8  A.  M.  he  surrendered 
11,000  men,  73  guns,  and  immense  supplies  of  food  and  ammunition. 
The  position  on  the  morning  of  the  15th,  therefore,  was  this  : 

McClellan's  right,  two  corps  under  Burnside,  was  through  Turner's 
Gap,  eight  miles  from  Sharpsburg.  The  centre,  two  corps  under  Sum- 
ner, was  well  closed  upon  Burnside.  Franklin,  who  had  been  joined  by 
Couch  during  the  night,  held  eighteen  thousand  men  in  Pleasant 
Valley,  behind  McLaws,  and  also  eight  miles  from  Sharpsburg.  Lee, 
with  Longstreet  and  D.  H.  Hill,  occupied  a  position  on  the  west 
side  of  Antietam  Creek,  utterly  isolated  from  his  nearest  reinforce- 
ments, which  were  at  Harpers  Ferry,  seventeen  and  a  half  miles  off. 
McLaws  cut  off  in  Pleasant  Valley,  with  no  escape  except  first  to  cap- 
ture Harpers  Ferry,  and  then  cross  the  Potomac,  and  passing 
through  that  place  rejoin  Jackson  and  A.  P.  Hill.  Walker  was  on 
Loudoun  Heights,  Jackson  near  Bolivar  Heights.  A  march  of  three 
hours  would  have  brought  the  heads  of  Franklin's  and  Burnside's 
columns  together  in  front  of  Lee,  and  no  earthly  power  could  have 
prevented  the  whole  of  McClellan's  93,000  men  being  precipitated  on 
Longstreet  and  D.  H.  Hill  with  9,262,  and  all  the  reserve  artillery, 
ammunition,  and  ordnance  of  the  Confederate  army. 

When  General  McClellan,  at  Frederick,  on  the  13th,  received  offi- 
cial and  exact  information  of  Lee's  dispositions  and  purposes,  his  de- 
lay in  not  pushing  a  vigorous  pursuit  is  utterly  incomprehensible. 
But  this  delay  on  the  morning  of  the  15th,  is  even  still  more  extraor- 
dinary. He  had  heard  the  firing  at  Harpers  Ferry  and  was  advised 
of  the  surrender  that  morning.  He  knew  that  he  had  D.  H.  Hill 
and  Longstreet  just  in  front,  and  that  all  the  rest  of  Lee's  army  was 
in  Virginia  or  in  Pleasant  Valley.  Notwithstanding  this  it  took 
him  from  the  morning  of  the  15th  to  the  afternoon  of  the  i6th  to  move 
eight  miles  and  get  into  position  to  attack  Lee.  General  McClellan 
believed  at  that  time  that  General  Lee  had  over  97,000  men.     He 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       525 

knew  that  he  himself  did  not  have  so  many.  And  I  am  bound  to  be- 
lieve, and  cannot  help  believing,  that  the  slowness  of  his  movements 
from  Fredrick  to  find  his  enemy,  and  from  South  Mountain  to  fight 
him,  was  caused  by  apprehensions  of  the  consequences  of  the  meet- 
ing. He  is  entitled  to  great  credit  for  having  infused  any  spirit  at  all 
into  the  mob  of  routed  fugitives,  which  he  met  outside  of  Alexandria 
on  September  2d,  just  a  fortnight  before,  and  he  and  his  subordinates 
achieved  wonders  when  they  got  this  mob  organized  and  to  fight,  as 
they  did  fight,  on  the  17th.  But  it  is  clear  that  McClellan  distrusted 
his  ability  to  stand  before  Lee. 

There  was  neither  distrust  nor  uncertainty  in  the  conduct  of  Lee 
and  his  Lieutenants. 

Miles  hoisted  the  white  flag  at  Harpers  Ferry  at  8  o'clock  A.  M, 
on  the  15th. 

Jackson  turned  over  the  details  of  the  surrender  to  A.  P.  Hill,  and 
started  at  once  to  join  Lee.  The  divisions  of  Jackson  and  Ewell 
delayed  only  long  enough  to  supply  themselves  with  provisions  from 
the  captured  stores,  and  by  an  all-night  march,  by  Shepherdstown  and 
Boteler's  Ford,  reached  Sharpsburg,  and  reported  to  Lee  on  the 
morning  of  the  i6th.  McClellan' s  golden  opportunity  had  gone 
forever. 

JACKSON    AND   THE    FOOT   CAVALRY    WERE    UP. 

Antietam  Creek  flows  in  a  southwesterly  course  through  a  rolling 
country  to  the  Potomac.  Though  a  shallow  stream,  its  banks  are 
steep  and  rocky,  and  it  is  only  passable  at  numerous  fords  and  four 
bridges. 

On  the  east  side,  where  McClellan  was  now  forming  his  army  for 
battle,  a  series  of  rolling  hills  rather  overlook  the  comparatively  level 
country  of  the  west  side  on  which  Lee's  line  was  formed.  Near  the 
mouth  of  the  Antietam  is  a  bridge,  which  was  used  by  no  troops 
during  the  battle.  About  a  mile,  southeast  of  Sharpsburg.  is  a  stone 
bridge,  known  as  Burnside's  Bridge.  A  mile  and  a  quarter  further 
up  the  creek  is  another  bridge,  on  the  broad  turnpike  from  Boons- 
boro'  and  Keedysville  to  Sharpsburg,  which  I  call  the  Keedysville 
Bridge.  Two  miles  further  up  stream  is  another  bridge  above  Pry's 
mill,  known  as  Pry's  Bridge.  A  mile  and  a  half  east  of,  and  parallel 
to,  the  Antietam,  is  a  high  range  of  hills  called  the  Red  Hills.  On 
the  i6th  Lee's  line  was  formed  with  Longstreet  on  his  right,  Toombs 
being  his  right,  and  to  the  right  of  the  Burnside  Bridge,  D.  H.  Hill 
covered  the   Keedysville  Bridge,  Hood,  with  his  two  small  brigades, 


526  Southern   Historical  Society  Papers. 

extended  the  line  on  D.  H.  Hill's  left,  his  left  thrown  somewhat  back 
to  the  Hagerstown  pike,  and  Jackson's  division  under  J.  R.  Jones, 
with  its  right  on  the  pike,  at  right  angles  to  it,  in  double  line,  some 
distance  beyond  the  Dunkard  church,  in  a  cornfield  and  woods. 
Ewell's  division,  under  Lawton,  was  on  the  left  of  Jackson,  still  fur- 
ther beyond.  Early  being  at  right  angles  to  Starke,  Jackson's  left 
brigade,  and  formed  Lee's  extreme  left  of  infantry.  The  space 
between  that  point  and  the  Potomac  was  held  by  Stuart,  with  Fitz 
Lee  and  Munford  and  the  Horse  Artillery.  During  the  i6th  Mc- 
Clellan  was  making  his  dispositions  with  all  the  pedantry  of  war, 
which  was  one  of  his  most  distinguishing  characteristics.  He  cleared 
the  summit  of  the  Red  Hills  of  trees,  and  erected  a  signal  station,  that 
gave  him  a  clear  view  of  Lee,  even  down  the  road  to  Boteler's  Ford, 
in  the  rear  of  Sharpsburg. 

He  established  himself  in  elaborate  headquarters  at  Sam  Pry's 
house,  on  a  high  hill  opposite  to  the  right  of  Hood's  line,  and 
slightly  in  rear,  where  he  could  see,  with  the  naked  eye,  every  move- 
ment of  the  Confederate  left.  He  posted  Burnside  with  the  Ninth 
corps  on  his  left,  opposite  Toombs,  with  the  bridge  between  them. 
He  placed  Porter  in  his  centre,  with  two  of  his  divisions  opposite  the 
Keedysville  Bridge,  and  covered  the  hills  on  either  side  of  the  Keedys- 
ville  pike  with  long  range  guns.  He  moved  Hooker  up  stream,  and 
passed  him  over  Pry's  Bridge,  whence  he  proceeded  west  as  far  as  the 
Hagerstown  pike,  when  he  marched  south  towards  Sharpsburg.  He 
soon  ran  into  Hood's  skirmish  line,  but  he  gained  no  ground  from 
them,  though  Early  says  in  his  report,  shells  were  flying  pretty  thick. 
They  held  their  places,  and  darkness  put  an  end  to  the  firing. 

The  batde  of  the  17th  was  mainly  fought  to  the  north  of  Sharps- 
burg, and  beyond  the  Dunkard  church,  on  the  Hagerstown  pike. 
The  pike  runs  nearly  due  north  from  Sharpsburg  to  Hagerstown, 
probably  a  mile  and  a  half  west  of  Antietam  Creek.  A  mile  north  of 
Sharpsburg  is  a  Dunkard  meeting-house,  on  the  west  of  the  pike,  in 
a  wood  of  hickory  and  oak.  The  woods  extend  on  the  west  side  of 
the  pike  for  a  quarter  of  a  mile,  then  they  run  west  for  a  hundred  and 
fifty  yards,  then  north  for  another  quarter  of  a  mile,  and  then  west- 
ward some  distance.  Following  General  Palfrey,  I  shall  call  these 
the  west  woods.  In  the  space  along  the  pike  there  were  fields  of 
Indian  corn  of  great  height  and  heavy  growth.  To  the  east  of  the 
cornfields  and  the  pike  was  another  smaller  body  of  woods,  which 
we  call  the  east  woods.  The  plateau,  thus  nearly  enclosed  on  three 
sides  by  woods,  is  nearly  level,  but  is  higher  than  the  west  woods. 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       527 

The  west  woods  is  full  of  limestone  ledges,  running  parallel  to  the 
open. 

About  II  o'clock  at  night  Hood  was  withdrawn  to  enable  his  men 
to  cook,  and  the  brigades  of  Lawton  and  Trimble  took  his  place. 
Hooker  withdrew  up  the  Hagerstown  pike  and  went  into  bivouac, 
his  pickets  close  to  those  of  the  Confederates,  which  in  some  places 
were  not  over  one  hundred  yards  apart.  The  troops  of  Jackson  ex- 
tending at  right  angles  across  the  Hagerstown  pike  and  some  hundred 
yards  in  advance  of  the  Dunkard  church,  slept  in  line  of  battle,  their 
skirmish  line  well  out.  They  had  been  marching  and  fighting  since 
the  morning  of  the  loth,  when  they  left  Frederick  and  had  marched 
all  the  preceding  night.  Gaunt  with  exercise,  lean  with  fasting,  they 
were  in  that  physical  condition,  which  can,  by  a  few  days  rest  and 
feeding,  be  made  superb.  Without  fires,  their  line  lay  still  and  grim, 
under  the  light  of  the  stars.  Hooker's  men  were  comfortable  with 
supper  and  coffee.  The  dead  silence  of  midnight  was  only  broken 
by  a  stray  shot  from  an  advanced  picket,  until  way  off  to  the  north- 
west arose  a  sound — a  stir — a  hum  of  muffled  noise.  It  was  Mans- 
field, with  his  Twelfth  corps,  marching  into  position.  He  crossed  on 
Hooker's  route  and  took  place  a  mile  in  his  rear.  By  four  in  the 
morning  the  two  armies  were  astir.  With  Hooker  there  was  bustle 
and  cooking  and  coffee  and  pipes.  With  Jackson  there  was  only  a 
munching  of  cold  rations  and  water  from  the  spring.  The  men 
stretched  themselves  and  peered  out  through  the  darkness  that  pre- 
cedes the  dawn.  By  daylight  Hooker  got  into  motion,  Doubleday's 
division  on  his  right,  Meade  his  centre,  Ricketts  his  left.  Double- 
day's  right  brigade,  Gibbon,  supported  by  Patrick,  was  west  of  the 
pike.  The  rest  of  the  corps  was  west  of  it.  They  moved  in  two 
Hues,  the  brigades  of  each  line  themselves,  formed  with  front  of  two 
regiments  and  the  other  two  in  support.  Thus  they  swept  forward 
through  the  west  woods  into  the  cornfield,  their  right  striking  the 
east  woods.  They  numbered  14,856  men.  They  had  a  full  supply  of 
artillery,  which  moved  in  the  intervals  of  divisions  or  on  the  flanks. 
In  the  cornfield  they  struck  Jackson's  division,  1,600  strong,  and  the 
brigades  of  Lawton  and  Trimble  and  Hays,  with  2,400  men.  The 
Confederate  line  of  battle  numbered  4,000  infantry,  well  supported  by 
artillery.  As  the  Federal  advance  came  on,  Stuart,  with  his  horse 
artillery  from  the  extreme  left,  swept  their  lines  with  a  fierce  fire  which 
cut  them  down  in  mass.  The  musketry  and  artillery  in  front  swept 
them  down  by  rank  and  file.  But  they  pressed  on.  Their  batteries 
poured  grape  and  canister  into  the  Confederate  line.     McClellan's 


528  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

long  range  guns,  east  of  Antietam,  showered  shell  and  shrapnell  into 
their  flank  and  rear,  and  Pleasanton  crossed  four  batteries  at  the 
Keedysville  Bridge  and  fired  in  their  rear.  They  were  surrounded 
by  a  circle  of  fire  from  front,  right  and  rear.  Hooker's  lines  came 
into  the  cornfield,  into  the  west  woods,  through  the  east  woods.  And 
the  foot  cavalry  went  at  them,  with  that  yell  they  had  heard  at 
Gaines's  Mill  and  at  Second  Manassas.  Gibbon  went  back  on  Patrick, 
Meade  was  thrust  back  out  of  the  cornfield,  Ricketts  whirled  back 
into  the  east  woods.  When  the  second  line  of  Hooker  moved  gal- 
lanty  forward,  it  was  hurled  back  by  a  blow  struck  straight  in  front. 
When  the  reserves  were  brought  in,  the  fierce  attack  of  the  Confede- 
rates drove  them  also  back  through  the  corn.  Hood  had  come  up  to 
the  assistance  of  his  comrades.  And  the  Confederate  line  was  intact. 
But  the  loss  on  both  sides  was  fearful.  The  two  lines  tore  each  other 
to  pieces.  Hooker  was  borne  from  the  field  badly  wounded,  and  be- 
fore 7  o'clock  the  First  corps  was  annihilated  for  that  day.  Ricketts 
lost  1,051  men,  Phelps  44  per  cent.,  and  Gibbon  380  men.  The  Con- 
federate loss  was  as  great;  Jones  and  Lawton,  division  commanders, 
had  been  carried  off  disabled  or  wounded  ;  Starke,  who  succeeded 
Jones  in  command  of  Jackson's  division,  was  killed;  Lawton's  brigade 
lost  Douglas,  its  commander,  killed,  and  five  regimental  commanders 
out  of  six,  and  554  men  out  of  1,150.  Hays  lost  every  regimental 
commander  and  every  member  of  his  staff  and  323  out  of  550. 
Walker,  commanding  Trimble's  brigade,  lost  three  out  of  four  regi- 
mental commanders  and  228  out  of  700.  Grigsby  and  Stafford  ral- 
lied 200  or  300  men  of  Jackson's  division  and  kept  them  in  line. 
But  Trimble,  Lawton,  and  Hays  were  so  cut  up  that  they  could  not 
be  brought  up  again. 

Early  had  been  detached  at  daylight  to  the  left,  to  Stuart,  but  after 
awhile  had  been  ordered  back  in  haste  to  take  command  of  Law- 
ton's  division,  on  Lawton  being  wounded. 

When  he  got  back  to  Hood's,  he  found  the  west  woods  well  in 
possession  of  the  Federals.  On  the  destruction  of  Hooker,  Mans- 
field had  moved  forward  to  take  his  place  with  the  Twelfth  corps  of 
two  divisions  of  ten  thousand  one  hundred  and  twenty-six  men.  He 
was  killed  while  deploying  his  troops ;  but  the  first  division,  under 
Crawford,  moved  right  down  the  pike  with  Green's  division  on  his 
left,  marching  over  the  same  ground  from  which  Hooker  had  just 
been  driven.  Crawford  was  met  and  checked  by  Grigsby,  and  Staf- 
ford, with  their  handfull  ot  Jackson's  division,  and  Green  was  easily 
held  back  by  Hood.     It  was  now  about  9  o'clock. 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       529 

Two  divisions  of  Confederates  had  been  nearly  destroyed.  Two 
corps  of  Federals  had  been  exhausted.  Burnside  still  stood  motion- 
less in  front  of  the  bridge,  less  than  a  mile  and  a  half  from  the  only 
road  to  Virginia,  accessible  to  Lee  for  reinforcement  or  retreat.  In 
front  of  him  was  Toombs,  with  three  Georgia  regiments  and  Jenkins's 
brigade.  From  his  position  he  could  see  every  movement  of  the 
Confederates,  and  each  detail  of  the  struggle  on  the  left.  Between  9 
and  10  o'clock  he  attempted  to  carry  the  bridge  by  assault,  and  up  to 
I  o'clock  made  four  other  feeble  attacks,  all  of  which  were  repulsed 
by  the  Second  and  Twelfth  Georgia,  numbering  in  all  four  hundred 
men.     He  threatened,  but  he  forebore  to  strike. 

At  9  o'clock  begins  the  third  scene  of  this  battle;  Lee's  right 
retaining  its  position  to  watch  Burnside ;  his  centre  standing  fast  to 
look  after  Fitz  John  Porter  across  the  Keedysville  Bridge;  his  left, 
D.  H.  Hill;  then  Hood,  and  then  Early,  who  had  just  come  in  from 
Stuart,  with  one  thousand  muskets,  were  awaiting  the  next  blow  which 
should  fall  on  them.  Sumner,  with  the  Second  corps,  had  started  at 
7.20  A.  M.  to  support  Hooker.  He  was  then  east  of  the  Antietam. 
His  corps  consisted  of  the  divisions  of  Richardson,  Sedgewick  and 
French,  mustering  thirteen  thousand  six  hundred  and  four  men.  He 
crossed  at  a  ford  below  Pry's  Mill,  Sedgwick  in  front,  then  French, 
then  Richardson.  As  soon  as  Sedgewick  cleared  the  ford  he  moved 
his  three  brigades  in  parallel  columns,  heading  straight  for  the  east 
woods.  In  the  woods  they  were  faced  to  the  left,  thus  forming  three 
parallel  lines  moving  west.  They  moved  across  the  cornfield,  over 
the  open  field  beyond  into  the  west  woods,  in  full  march  beyond 
Jackson's  left,  then  held  by  Early  with  his  own  brigade,  and  the  men 
under  Grigsby  and  Stafford. 

While  they  moved  down  to  turn  Lee's  flank,  Greene,  who  had  been 
resting  for  an  hour  or  more,  pushed  straight  from  the  east  woods 
toward  the  Dunkard  church  in  the  interval  between  Hood  and  Early. 
Early  reported  to  Jackson  that  the  force  was  moving  toward  his  flank 
and  asked  for  reinforcements.  Then  Greene  came  out  of  the  east 
woods.  A  battery  took  position  near  the  Dunkard  church,  firing  on 
Hood,  and  the  gap  between  Early  and  Hood  was  in  fact  filled  by 
Greene,  who  had  thus  inserted  himself  in  the  interval.  Early  had 
Sedgewick  on  his  front  and  left  flank,  cutting  him  off  from  retreat  to 
the  river;  Greene  was  in  his  rear  and  right  flank,  cutting  him  off" 
from  the  rest  of  the  army.  The  battery  was  firing  two  hundred  yards 
from  his  right  and  in  rear  of  it,  and  the  infantry  of  Greene  was  push- 
ing on  by  the  battery.  General  Early  says  that  "  the  movements  of 
7 


530  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  enemy  were  assuming  very  formidable  proportions."  "My 
position  was  now  very  critical.  I  looked  anxiously  to  the  rear  to 
see  the  promised  reinforcements  coming  up.  The  columns  on  my 
right  and  rear  and  that  coming  up  in  front,  with  which  my  skir- 
mishers were  already  engaged,  being  watched  with  the  most  intense 
interest."     I shotdd  thmk  so  ! 

Greene  now  pushed  rapidly  into  the  woods  in  rear  of  the  church. 
There  was  no  time,  then,  to  watch  or  to  wait.  The  only  reinforce- 
ment Early  could  count  on  was  his  own  head  and  heart.  Leaving 
Stafford  and  Grigsby  to  hold  back  the  advancing  division  of  Sedge- 
wick,  he  whirled  his  own  brigade  by  the  right  flank,  parallel  to 
Greene,  who  had  the  start  of  him,  but  who  was  unaware  of  his  pres- 
ence, though  only  two  hundred  yards  off,  and  made  a  race  to  head 
him  off.  His  march  was  covered  by  ledges  of  limestone  rock,  which 
concealed  him  until  he  suddenly  swept  from  behind  them,  struck 
Greene  full  and  drove  him  back  through  the  woods  and  through  the 
confield.  General  Early  remarks  that  "  he  did  not  intend  moving  to 
the  front  in  pursuit,  but  the  brigade,  without  awaiting  orders,  dashed 
after  the  retreating  column,  driving  it  entirely  out  of  the  woods,  and, 
notwithstanding  my  efforts  to  do  so,  I  did  not  succeed  in  stopping  it 
until  its  flank  and  rear  had  become  exposed  to  the  fire  of  the  column 
on  the  left;"  i.  e.,  Sedgewick's  men.  He  withdrew  it,  reformed  it, 
and,  being  joined  by  Semmes's  brigade,  two  regiments  of  Barks- 
dale's  brigade,  and  Anderson's  brigade,  of  D.  R.  Jones's  division,  on 
his  right,  and  Stafford  and  Grigsby  on  his  left,  crushed  him  with  one 
blow,  swept  Sedgwick  out  of  the  west  woods,  and  he  lost  2,255  ^^^^  in 
a  moment.  General  Palfrey  writes  :  "  The  Confederate  lines  marched 
over  them,  driving  them  pell-mell  straight  through  the  west  woods 
and  the  cornfield,  and  the  open  ground  along  the  pike."  Greene  lost 
651  men,  most  of  them  by  Early's  assault. 

General  Sumner  had  attempted  to  pass  entirely  around  the  Con- 
federate left  and  march  into  Sharpsburg.  The  result  I  have  de- 
scribed. 

No  further  attack  was  made  in  front  of  the  Dunkard  church,  or 
west  of  the  pike. 

Smith's  division,  of  Franklin's  Sixth  corps,  took  position  to  prevent 
a  Confederate  advance  there. 

Richardson  and  French,  of  the  Second  corps,  taking  a  different 
direction  from  Sedgewick,  had  marched  South.  McLaws  had  re- 
lieved Hood,  who  was  out  of  ammunition  and  had  retired  to  fill  cart- 
ridge-boxes.    Moving  east  of  the  pike  they  forced  D.  H.  Hill  and 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       531 

McLaws  back  quite  half  a  mile  behind,  and  to  the  south  of  the  Dunk- 
ard  church.  There  a  country  road  branches  from  the  turnpike  to- 
wards the  Keedysville  Bridg^e,  which  is  cut  into  the  ground  by  long 
use,  and  has  strong  fences  of  stone  or  rail  on  either  side.  It  is  de- 
scribed in  reports  as  the  Sunken  Road,  but  is  now  known  on  the  field 
of  Sharpsburg  as  the  Bloody  Lane.  Rodes  and  Anderson  were  in 
the  road,  and  with  them,  probably,  some  of  the  men  from  Ripley, 
Colquitt  and  Garland,  who  had  been  driven  from  the  field,  French 
came  on  in  three  lines,  but  was  stopped  by  the  Sunken  Road,  until  Col. 
Barlow,  with  the  Sixty-first  and  Sixty-fourth  New  York,  of  Richard- 
son's divison,  wheeled  suddenlyat  right  angles  to  the  road,  thus  obtain- 
ing an  enfilading  fire,  and  drove  the  Confederates  out,  with  a  loss  of  pri- 
soners and  battle-flags.  French  and  Richardson  were  driving  in  the 
centre,  and  no  organized  troops  were  left  to  oppose  them.  Just  then 
General  Jackson  came  up  to  a  battery  that  was  in  rear  of  Hill's  Hne, 
and  asked  why  they  were  not  engaged.  It  was  Branch's.  "  No  orders 
and  no  supports,"  was  the  reply.  "  Go  in  at  once,"  was  the  curt  re- 
joinder. "  You  artillery  men  are  too  much  afraid  of  losing  your 
guns."  At  this  time  R.  H.  Anderson,  from  the  right,  with  3,500 
men,  reported.  He  formed  a  second  line,  but  was  soon  wounded. 
Pleasanton  added  two  batteries  and  five  battalions  of  regulars  to  the 
force  across  the  Keedysville  Bridge,  and  poured  a  destructive  fire 
into  the  Confederate  flank  and  rear.  Richardson  and  French  pressed 
steadily  on.  McLaws  was  used  up,  Hill  had  no  organized  troops  left, 
R.  H.  Anderson  was  shattered  to  pieces.  A  firmly  held  force  could 
have  marched  straight  into  Sharpsburg. 

But,  after  reaching  a  point  between  Lee's  right  and  left  wings,  the 
Federal  advance  stopped.  McClellan,  meantime,  had  hurried  Frank- 
lin's Sixth  corps  to  the  support  of  Sumner,  but  the  latter,  after  the 
terrible  disaster  to  Sedgwick,  and  the  great  loss  to  French  and  Rich- 
ardson, was  unwilling  to  risk  another  corps,  because,  as  he  said,  a 
fresh  body  of  troops  was  necessary  to  protect  them  from  Jackson's 
attack.  D.  H.  Hill,  in  the  meantime,  had  rallied  a  few  hundred  men 
and  led  them  against  Richardson.  They  were  dispersed  and  driven 
back.  Colonels  Iverson  and  Christie  had  likewise  gathered  about 
two  hundred  men  of  three  or  four  North  Carolina  regiments  and 
with  them  attacked  French's  flank  but  were  also  driven  back.  John 
R.  Cooke,  with  his  North  Carolina  regiment,  held  his  place  with  empty 
muskets,  his  ammunition  exhausted,  and  waved  his  battle-flag  in  the 
face  of  the  advancing  lines.  He  stood  fast  with  not  a  cartridge. 
This  boldness  appears  to  have  halted  the  Federal  advance  on  the 


582  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

centre.     It  was  now  past  three  o'clock.     The  battle  was  over  on  the 
left  and  in  the  centre.     The  Confederates  held  the  ground  they  had 
occupied  in  the  morning  north  of  the  Dunkard  church.     The  Fede 
rals  held  the  ground  they  had  wrested  from  Hill,  McLaws  and  An- 
derson, in  front  of  Sharpsburg. 

The  Confederates  were  used  up.  Of  Jackson's  and  Ewell's  divis- 
ions, Early,  alone,  with  the  fragments  under  Stafford  and  Grigsby, 
were  left.  Of  D.  Hill,  McLaws  and  R.  H.  Anderson's,  only  scattered 
squads,  were  held  by  their  officers  in  a  thin  formation  in  front  of 
Sharpsburg.  The  Federal  reserve  in  the  centre,  under  Fitz  John 
Porter,  threatened  to  march  straight  through  Lee's  army.  Its  ar- 
tillery had  crossed  the  Keedysville  Bridge,  with  Syke's  division  of 
regulars,  and  closed  up  on  Richardson's  left. 

Toombs  held  the  Burnside  Bridge  with  D.  R.  Jones  in  support. 
But  a  determined  attack  by  the  Ninth  corps  must,  of  necessity,  have 
carried  the  bridge,  marched  into  Sharpsburg  and  attacked  the  Con- 
federate left  and  centre,  in  rear.  Franklin  was  fresh.  Porter  was  fresh, 
Burnside  was  fresh.  They  were  not  three  miles  apart.  They  were 
visible  to  each  other  and  communicating  by  signals.  There  was  no 
help  for  Lee  unless  A.  P.  Hill  got  up  in  time,  and  A.  P.  Hill  had 
been  obliged  to  remain  at  Harpers  Ferry  to  parole  the  prisoners  and 
secure  the  guns  and  stores  taken  there.  Why  Burnside  delayed,  no 
man  can  tell.     He  stood  the  whole  day  looking  at  the  battle. 

He  saw  every  battery,  every  line,  every  attack,  every  repulse.  He 
saw  his  own  friends  march  forward  with  bands  playing  and  colors 
flying  and  lines  dressed. 

Burnside  could  not  help  seeing  this,  and  that  the  lines  went  forw^ard, 
moved  slower,  stopped,  began  firing,  and  then  melted  away  before 
his  eyes.  His  hesitation  therefore  is  incomprehensible.  McClellan 
urged  him  by  order,  by  orderly,  by  signal  and  by  staff-officer,  to  go 
in.  At  last  the  Ninth  corps  was  put  in  motion.  Toombs  made  a 
gallant  defence,  but  he  was  brushed  away  like  chaff.  He  lost  half 
his  men,  though  he  was  obliged  to  leave  the  bridge  and  upper  ford 
undefended,  and  confined  his  efforts  to  the  lower  ford. 

The  brigades  of  Kemper  and  Drayton  were  driven  back  through 
Sharpsburgh.  The  Fifteenth  South  Carolina,  Colonel  De  Saussure, 
clung  to  some  strong  stone  houses  on  the  edge  of  the  town,  where  he 
held  back  Wilcox's  advance.  Jenkins  followed  Drayton,  and  Pickett 
and  Evans  were  then  ordered  back  by  Jones. 

The  battle  was  lost,  for  Burnside  was  within  two  hundred  yards  of 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       533 

Lee's  only  line  of  communication  and  retreat.     There  were  no  rein- 
forcements.    The  last  man  had  been  used  up. 

Where  was  Hill  then?  Where  was  the  light  division,  with  its  gal- 
lant chief,  who  loved  to  liken  himself  and  his  command  to  Picton  and 
that  light  division  which  was  Wellington's  right  arm  and  sabre  in 
the  Peninsula? 

De  Saussure  was  holding  on  with  desperate  tenacity  to  the  stone 
barn  and  houses.  Toombs  was  forming  his  Georgians  well  in  hand 
to  strike.  But  they  were  all  that  stood  between  Lee  and  rout.  Just 
then  up  the  Shepherdstown  road  came  the  head  of  Hill's  column,  with 
the  long  free  stride  that  had  brought  it  seventeen  miles  from  Harpers 
Ferry  and  across  the  Potomac  Ford  since  sunrise.  The  brigades  of 
the  light  division  deployed  at  a  double-quick.  Pender  and  Brocken- 
borough  on  the  right,  Branch,  Gregg  and  Archer  on  the  left,  North 
Carolina,  South  Carolina,  Virginia,  Georgia,  Tennessee,  and  Alabama 
joining  hands  with  Toombs  and  D.  R.  Jones,  they  went  through 
Rodman  and  Wilcox  with  a  rush  and  saved  the  day. 

Burnside  withdrew  to  a  position  in  front  of  the  bridge,  and  later  in 
the  afternoon,  to  the  east  side  of  the  bridge,  having  ordered  Morell's 
division  of  the  Fifth  corps  to  occupy  his  position  in  front  of  A.  P. 
Hill.  As  soon  as  Burnside's  repulse  was  assured,  Jackson  ordered 
Stuart  to  turn  the  Federal  right  with  his  cavalry  and  J.  G.  Walker 
with  his  division  to  support  him.  Stuart  found  McClellan's  batteries 
within  eight  hundred  yards  of  the  brink  of  the  Potomac,  and  the 
movement  was  deemed  impracticable  and  abandoned. 

Lee  held  his  position  all  the  next  day,  and  during  the  night  of  the 
1 8th  crossed  at  Boteler's  Ford  into  Virginia.  The  delicate  task  of 
covering  his  movement  was  entrusted  to  Fitz.  Lee.  Stuart,  however, 
during  the  afternoon  crossed  the  river  at  an  obscure  ford  with 
Hampton's  brigade.  On  the  19th  he  recrossed  at  Williamsport,  sup- 
ported by  some  infantry  and  artillery,  and  by  his  demonstrations 
having  kept  McClellan  in  doubt  as  to  Lee's  intentions,  and  drawn 
Couch's  division  to  resist  him.  On  the  20th  he  repassed  again  to  the 
Virginia  side. 

General  Pendleton  had  been  left  by  Lee  with  the  reserve  arlillery 
to  cover  Boteler's  Ford.  Fitz  John  Porter  determined  to  cross  the 
river  and  drive  him  off.  He  lined  the  Maryland  side  with  skirmishers 
and  sharpshooters,  supported  them  by  the  division  of  Morell  and 
Sykes,  and  by  guns  so  posted  as  to  command  the  Virginia  bank. 

Volunteers  from  the  Fourth  Michigan,  One  Hundred  and  Eigh- 
teenth Pennsylvania,  and  Eighteenth  Massachusetts,  crossed  under 


534  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

command  of  General  Griffin.  Sykes  was  ordered  to  advance  a  simi- 
lar party,  but  by  some  misunderstanding  the  order  did  not  reach  him 
in  time.  The  movement  was  made  at  dark,  and  resulted  in  the  cap- 
ture of  four  pieces,  among  them  one  taken  from  the  Federals  at  First 
Manassas,  from  Battery  D,  of  the  Fifth  artillery.  Pendleton  was 
driven  back  in  confusion.  At  6.30,  next  morning,  A.  P.  Hill  moved 
back,  and  half  a  mile  from  Boteler's  Ford  formed  his  line  of  battle  in 
two  lines ;  the  first  of  the  brigades  of  Pender,  Gregg  and  Thomas, 
under  Gregg ;  and  the  second,  of  Lane,  Archer  and  Brockenbrough, 
under  Archer,  numbering  two  thousand  muskets.  At  the  same  time 
Porter  was  pushing  forward  a  reconnoisance  in  force,  under  Morell 
and  Sykes,  consisting  of  the  First  brigade  of  Morell's  division  of 
seven  regiments  of  one  thousand  seven  hundred  and  eleven  men  ;  the 
Second  brigade  of  Sykes'  division  of  four  regiments  of  one  thousand 
and  sixty  men;  and  the  Third  brigade  of  Sykes,  in  the  two  regiments, 
and  probably  five  hundred  men.  Hill  advanced  on  them  with  spirit 
in  the  face  of  the  most  tremendous  artillery  fire  from  the  other  side 
of  the  Potomac. 

The  brigades  of  Gregg  and  Thomas  swept  everything  from  their 
front,  but  the  commands  of  Morell  and  Sykes  offered  an  obstinate 
resistance  to  Pender,  and  extending  endeavored  to  turn  his  left. 
Becoming  hotly  engaged,  he  called  on  Archer,  who  forming  his 
command  of  three  brigades  on  Pender's  left,  they,  together,  made  a 
simultaneous  charge.  Their  line  moved  forward  with  resistless  force, 
and  drove  their  opponents  pell-mell  into  the  river.  General  Hill 
was  under  the  impression,  as  were  all  eye-witnesses,  that  the  carnage 
from  shot,  shell  and  drowning,  was  fearful.  Indeed  such  was  the 
general  impression  on  the  Confederate  side,  and  the  slaughter  at 
Shepherdstown  was  matter  of  common  remark. 

But  the  reports  of  the  Federal  officers  show  a  total  loss  of  three 
hundred  and  thirty-one,  of  which  two  hundred  and  eighty- two  were 
from  the  One  Hundred  and  Eighteenth  Pennsylvania.  Hill  reports 
a  loss  of  two  hundred  and  sixty-one,  and  the  capture  of  some  two 
hundred  prisoners. 

These  discrepancies  are  irreconcilable.  I  shall  not  endeavor  to 
make  them  consistent. 

The  Federal  loss  in  a  rout,  it  would  seem,  must  necessarily  have 
been  much  greater  than  that  of  the  Confederates. 

General  McClellan  reports  his  loss  on  the  i6th  and  17th  as  two 
thousand  and  ten  killed,  nine  thousand  four  hundred  and  sixteen 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       535 

wounded,  and  one  thousand  and  forty-three  missing  ;  total,  twelve 
thousand  four  hundred  and  sixty-nine. 

General  Lee  reports  his  loss  at  one  thousand  five  hundred  and 
sixty-seven  killed,  and  eight  thousand  seven  hundred  and  twenty-four 
wounded  and  missing  at  the  battles  of  Crampton's  Gap,  South  Moun- 
tain, Boonsboro',  Sharpsburg,  and  Shepherdstown,  from  Septem- 
ber 14th  to  20th ;  total,  ten   thousand  two  hundred  and  ninety  one. 

We  have  no  data  to  fix  the  loss  at  Sharpsburg,  but  it  was  probably 
for  the  Confederates  the  bloodiest  battle  of  the  war. 

Thus  ended  the  First  Maryland  campaign.  It  was  undertaken  by 
Lee  with  the  certainty  of  thereby  relieving  Virginia  for  a  time  from 
the  pressure  of  war,  with  the  hope  of  transferring  the  scene  of  opera- 
tions to  the  North,  and  with  the  possibility  of  the  capture  of  Balti- 
more and  Washington,  the  recognition  ot  the  Confederacy  by  the 
powers,  of  independence  and  of  peace.  It  accomplished  the  first  and 
secured  great  spoils  of  prisoners  and  arms,  and  of  supplies.  It  failed 
in  the  last,  first  by  the  blunder  of  Halleck  in  retaining  possession  of 
Harpers  Ferry,  when  he  ought  to  have  evacuated  it,  secondly  and 
principally  by  the  negligence  which  lost  Lee's  Special  Order  No.  191, 
and  thus  furnished  McClellan  with  precise  official  information  of  the 
dispositions  of  Lee's  troops  and  of  his  future  intentions.  It  was  a 
failure  in  so  far  as  he  did  not  accomplish  what  he  hoped  would  be 
possible,  but  it  was  a  success  in  the  results  achieved,  and  in  the  loss 
of  time,  men  and  material  it  inflicted  on  the  Federal  side. 

The  First  Maryland  Campaign,  when  we  consider  the  number  em- 
ployed, the  distances  marched,  the  results  achieved,  the  disparity  of 
forces  fought,  was  an  episode  unsurpassed  in  brilliancy  of  achieve- 
ment, in  self-sacrifice  of  soldiers,  officers,  and  men,  in  heroic  endeavors 
and  chivalric  gallantry,  by  any  chapter  in  the  history  of  war. 
Considering  Lee's  audacity  in  dividing  his  small  force  in  the  pres- 
ence of  three  times  his  numbers,  in  an  unknown  and  unfriendly 
country,  his  fortitude  and  tenacity  in  holding  on  until  the  object  for 
which  he  had  detached  them  was  accomplished,  and  they  could  re- 
join him,  his  genius  in  selecting  his  position,  and  his  skill  in  handling 
his  troops  on  the  field  of  battle,  and  the  manner  in  which  he  was  sup- 
ported by  his  Lieutenants,  their  subordinates  and  their  men,  we  have 
a  lesson  inspiring,  instructive  and  impressive.  The  causes  of  the 
civil  war  are  sinking  out  of  memory,  the  pa.ssions  aroused  by  it  on 
both  sides  have  died  out,  but  the  record  of  the  valor,  the  patriotism 
and  the  endurance  developed  by  it,  will  be  perpetuated  for  genera- 
tions. 


536  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

"  Its  splendor  remains,  and,  splendor  like  this,  is  something  more 
than  the  mere  outward  adornment,  which  graces  the  life  of  a  nation. 
It  is  strength,  strength  other  than  that  of  mere  riches,  and  other  than 
that  of  gross  numbers  ;  strength  carried  by  proud  descent  from  one 
generation  to  another ;  strength  awaiting  the  trials  that  are  to 
come." 

General  Johnson  was  warmly  applauded  all  through  the  delivery 
of  his  address,  and  cheered  to  the  echo  as  he  took  his  seat. 

A   TRIBUTE   TO    GOVERNOR    LETCHER. 

General  Jubal  A.  Early  rendered  an  eloquent  tribute  to  the  mem- 
ory of  the  late  ex-Governor  John  Letcher,  who  had  died  since  the  last 
meeting,  and  presented  some  graceful  and  appropriate  resolutions  to 
his  memory,  which  were  heartily  adopted. 

ELECTION    OF    OFFICERS. 

The  officers  were  elected  by  acclamation,  as  follows  : 

General  William  H.  F.  Lee,  President. 

General  Bradley  T.  Johnson,  First  Vice-President. 

Executive  Committee  :  Major  W.  K.  Martin,  Colonel  William  H. 
Palmer,  Major  Robert  Stiles,  Sergeant  George  L.  Christian,  and  Ma- 
jor Thomas  A.  Brander. 

Treasurer,  Robert  S.  Bosher. 

Secretary,  Carlton  McCarthy. 

Chaplain,  Rev.  Dr.  J.  Wm.  Jones. 

THE    BANQUET. 

After  the  exercises  in  the  hall  were  over,  the  Association  repaired 
to  Sanger  Hall,  where  Zimmerman  had  spread  an  elegant  banquet. 
After  the  good  things  had  been  fully  discussed,  General  Lee  called 
the  company  to  order,  and  the  Toast-Master  (Judge  George  L. 
Christian),  read  the  following  toasts,  which  were  responded  to  by 
those  whose  names  are  annexed: 

I.  The  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  :  "That  noble  body  of  men, 
with  unconquerable  leaders,  the  lustre  of  whose  deeds  grows  brighter 
with  each  revolving  year." 

General  J.  A.  Early. 


Reunion  of  Virginia  Division  A.  N.  V.  Association.       537 

2.  The  Infantry  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  : 

"They  marched  through  long  and  stormy  nights; 
They  bore  the  brunt  of  an  hundred  fights, 

And  their  courage  never  failed. 
Hunger  and  cold  and  the  summer  heat 
They  felt  on  the  march  and  long  retreat, 

Yet  their  brave  hearts  never  quailed." 

Colonel  J.  C.  Gibson. 

3.  The  Artillery  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  : 

"There  deeds  have  on  their  country's  page 
Their  names  immortal  made." 

Colonel  Stribling. 

4.  The  Cavalry  of  the  Army  of  Northern  Virginia  : 

"They  fought  and  bled  till  their  work  was  done; 
They  should  wear  the  meed  their  valor  won." 

Major  H.  B.  McClellan. 

5.  The  Women  of  the  South  : 

"Our  Spartan  women,  born  in  dust, 

Around  their  country's  broken  shrine. 
True  as  their  souls  are  noble—just, 

Pure  as  their  deeds  have  been  divine." 

Judge  F.  R.  Farrar. 

6.  Our  Dead  :  Who  died  in  a  righteous  cause,  and 

"To  teach  that  right  is  more  than  might. 
And  iustice  more  than  mail." 

Rev.  M.  D.  Hoge,  D.  D. 

7.  Maryland  : 

"  She  met  her  sisters  on  the  plain, 

'  Sic  semper,'  was  the  proud  refrain. 
That  baffled  minions  back  again, 
Maryland,  my  Maryland." 

General  George  H.  Steuart. 

The  speeches  were,  generally,  admirable,  and  some  of  them  very 
fine,  and  the  whole  occasion  one  of  deepest  interest  and  enjoyment. 


538  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Dairy  of  Rev  J.  G.  Law. 
BATTLE  OF  RICHMOND,   KENTUCKY. 

August  30,  1862,  12  o'clock.  On  the  battle  field.  We  have  had  a 
hard  fight  of  three  hours' duration,  have  routed  the  enemy  with  great 
slaughter,  and  are  now  resting  in  an  apple  orchard.  About  daylight 
we  were  in  line  of  battle,  and  moved  forward  about  two  miles,  when 
we  filed  off  into  the  turnpike  and  resumed  the  rout  step.  We  were 
under  the  impression  that  the  enemy  had  fled  as  usual  upon  our  ap- 
proach, and  were  marching  quietly  and  carelessly  along  about  8 
o'clock,  when  all  of  a  sudden,  like  a  clap  of  thunder  in  a  clear  sky, 
the  report  of  a  cannon  rung  out  on  the  morning  air  and  a  shell  came 
whizzing  over  our  heads.  The  head  of  the  column  immediately  filed 
off  into  the  woods  and  we  were  again  drawn  up  in  battle  array. 
"Forward,  march!"  shouted  our  gallant  Colonel  Fitzgerald,  and  the 
gray  line  steadily  advanced  through  a  heavy  fire  from  the  Yankee 
batteries,  until  we  reached  a  rail  fence,  where  we  encountered  the  in- 
fantry, who  were  strongly  posted  on  the  opposite  side  of  an  old  field, 
and  from  the  skirt  of  the  woods  opened  on  us  with  a  galling  volley  of 
musketry.  And  a  desolating  fire  it  was,  for  it  deprived  the  One  Hun- 
dred and  Fifty-fourth  Tennessee  regiment  of  its  beloved  leader.  The 
brave  and  gallant  Fitzgerald  fell  dead  from  his  horse  before  he  heard 
our  shout  of  victory.  He  was  shot  through  the  heart  and  expired 
instantly.  Colonel  Fitzgerald  entered  the  Confederate  service  as  Cap- 
tain of  a  company  raised  in  Paris,  Tenn.,  where  he  was  a  promising 
young  lawyer.  At  the  reorganization  of  the  One  Hundred  and  Fifty- 
fourth  Tennessee,  at  Corinth,  he  was  elected  Colonel,  and  by  his  kind 
consideration  of  the  comfort  of  his  men  had  won  for  himself  the 
esteem  of  the  entire  regiment.  He  was  universally  popular,  and  his 
loss  will  be  severely  felt.  His  first,  last,  and  only  command  in  action 
was,  "  Forward,  march  ! "  Dr.  Barbour,  and  Billy  Goodlett,  of  the 
"Maynard  Rifles,"  were  both  wounded  by  the  same  volley  that  cut 
short  the  brilliant  career  of  the  chivalric  young  Fitzgerald.  We  held 
our  position  behind  the  fence  for  some  minutes  under  a  continous 
stream  of  fire,  wondering  why  we  were  not  ordered  to  charge,  when 
all  at  once  a  tremendous  roar  of  musketry  broke  out  on  the  flank  of 
the  enemy,  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  Mageveney,  who  had  assumed 
command  of  the  regiment,  rode  along  the  lines,  and  in  his  rich  Irish 
brogue,  shouted:  "Mount  the  fence  lads;  mount  the  fence,  and  at 
'em;  charge!"     No  sooner  was  the  command  given,  than  one  wild 


Diary  of  Hev.  J.   G.  Law.  539 

yell  arose  from  the  ranks  of  the  old  One  Hundred  and  Fifty-fourth, 
and  leaping  over  the  fence,  we  charged  through  the  open  field  in  the 
face  of  a  perfect  storm  of  bullets,  and  scattered  the  enemy  like  chaflf 
before  the  wind.  As  they  turned  to  fly,  we  opened  fire  with  our  En- 
field rifles,  and  mowed  them  down  like  grass.  The  flanking  column 
closed  in  on  the  right,  and  their  rout  was  complete.  A  gallant  officer 
mounted  on  a  white  horse  was  seen  with  sword  in  hand,  making  a 
desperate  effort  to  rally  the  flying  columns,  and  reform  the  broken 
lines  on  a  commanding  eminence,  but  a  well  directed  volley  was 
poured  into  the  disorganized  blue  mass,  and  horse  and  rider  disap- 
peared. The  enemy  continued  their  flight  hotly  pursued  by  our  vic- 
torious troops,  and  left  the  ground  covered  with  their  dead  and 
wounded.  We  have  captured  a  large  number  of  prisoners.,  and 
they  are  still  coming  in.     General  Cleburne  is  wounded. 

Two  o'clock  P.  M,  We  have  had  another  fight,  and  have  again 
routed  the  enemy  and  driven  him  in  confusion  from  a  strong  position 
in  the  open  fields.  His  artillery  was  well  posted,  and  the  shot  and 
shell  tore  through  our  ranks  as  we  advanced  to  the  attack,  but  such 
was  the  impetuosity  of  our  charge,  and  such  the  demoralization  of 
the  enemy,  that  their  line  was  easily  broken,  and  the  shout  of  victory 
again  went  up  from  the  Confederate  ranks. 

We  have  had  a  beautiful  battle-ground,  and  could  plainly  see  every 
movement  of  the  enemy  before  we  came  within  range  of  their  fire. 
We  are  now  resting  in  sight  of  their  camp,  and  the  white  tents  look 
very  tempting.  But  they  are  shelling  us,  and  we  will  have  to  take 
the  battery.  I  thank  God  for  my  escape  from  injury  so  far.  One  of 
the  prisoners  reports  that  they  have  eighteen  thousand  fresh  troops 
coming  up  to  reinforce  their  army,  but  I  feel  confident  of  our  ability 
to  hold  the  field,  trusting  not  in  numbers,  but  in  the  God  who  rules 
over  the  earth  and  defends  the  right.  The  firing  has  ceased,  but  we 
will  probably  have  more  of  it  before  night.  Our  army  is  elated  with 
success  and  flushed  with  victory,  while  the  enemy  are  demoralized 
and  dispirited  by  continuous  defeat.  General  Preston  Smith  is  now 
in  command  of  the  division,  as  General  Cleburne  is  disabled  by  his 
wound.  Colonel  Vaughn,  of  the  Thirteenth  Tennessee,  commands 
the  brigade,  and  Lieutenant- Colonel  Mageveney  commands  the  regi- 
ment 

Seven  o'clock  P.  M.  The  curtain  has  dropped.  The  dark  and 
bloody  tragedy  is  closed,  and  we  are  in  possession  of  the  town  of 
Richmond.  The  enemy  made  a  last  desperate  stand  on  the  outskirts 
of  the  town,  and  fought  us  with  great  gallantry,  contesting  every 


540  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

inch  of  ground,  and  slowly  retreating  before  our  steady  and  deter- 
mined advance.  They  fought  us  from  behind  haystacks  and  hedges, 
but  all  in  vain.  We  were  determined  to  win  the  fight,  and  w^e  won  it. 
Just  as  the  sun  was  sinking  we  drove  them  from  behind  the  tomb- 
stones in  the  graveyard,  pursued  their  fiying  columns  through  the 
town,  and  the  citizens  of  Richmond  heard  the  Confederate  shout  of 
victory,  and  saw  our  battle-flags  waving  in  triumph  over  the  long 
gray  line  that  filed  through  their  streets.  Captain  Sterling  Fowlkes, 
of  the  One  Hundred  and  Fifty-fourth  regiment,  was  killed  just  as  we 
entered  the  town.  He  was  Captain  of  the  Zouave  Cadets,  a  brave 
soldier,  and  a  most  accomplished  young  officer.  His  death  will  be 
deeply  lamented.  It  is  a  costly  victory  when  two  such  men  as  Fitz- 
gerald and  Fowlkes  yield  up  their  lives.  General  Preston  Smith  rode 
up  to  our  regiment  as  we  were  formed  in  the  streets  of  Richmond, 
and  congratulating  us  on  our  victory  said :  "  Boys,  there  is  one  thing 
I  have  to  say,  the  old  One  Hundred  and  Fifty-fourth  can't  be  whip- 
ped." We  have  had  a  terrible  experience  to-day.  Without  food  and 
without  water  we  have  been  on  the  double  quick,  charging  infantry 
and  artillery  through  open  fields,  and  climbing  fences  under  a  galling 
fire,  and  yet  not  a  man  faltered.  The  gaps  made  in  the  ranks  by  the 
enemy's  fire  would  close  up,  and  with  a  determination  to  conquer  or 
die,  our  invincible  column  moved  forward,  sweeping  the  field  before 
its  fiery  onslaught.  We  have  fought  over  about  ten  miles  of  ground, 
and  rest  to-night  in  a  lovely  grove  just  outside  the  town  of  Richmond. 
The  30th  day  of  August  will  ever  be  memorable  in  the  history  of  our 
country,  as  marking  one  of  the  most  brilliant  victories  ever  achieved 
by  Confederate  arms.  And  now  with  gratitude  to  God  for  my  sin- 
gular preservation  through  all  the  dangers  of  this  bloody  day,  and  a 
tear  for  the  lamented  dead,  who  have  laid  their  lives  upon  the  altar  of 
our  dear  native  land,  I  will  seek  "tired  nature's  sweet  restorer, 
balmy  sleep,"  on  a  soft  carpet  of  blue  grass. 

Sunday,  Atigust  ji. — We  have  rested  all  day,  and  will  probably 
move  on  to  Lexington  to-morrow.  Our  victory  yesterday  was  a  glo- 
rious one.  We  captured  all  of  the  enemy's  artillery  and  five  thou- 
sand prisoners.  General  Nelson,  who  was  in  command  of  the  Fed- 
erals, was  wounded.  We  also  captured  the  enemy's  wagon-train 
with  quartermaster  and  commissary  stores  in  great  abundance. 
Spent  the  morning  inspecting  the  fruits  of  our  victory  and  in  gazing 
with  absorbing  interest  at  the  long  line  of  prisoners  that  we  were 
fighting  yesterday.  Our  cavalry  intercepted  the  retreating  army  of 
Federals  and  brought  in  a  long  line  ol  prisoners  this  morning.     One 


Diary  of  Rev.  J.  G.  Law.  541 

of  our  boys  in  gray  recognized  his  brother  in  blue  among  the  pris- 
oners and  gave  him  a  bountiful  supply  of  rations.  One  of  the  sad 
features  of  this  bloody  war  is  that  it  is  a  fratricidal  strife.  Brother  is 
arrayed  in  arms  against  brother,  father  against  son,  and  friend  against 
friend.  Especially  is  this  the  case  among  the  troops  of  Kentucky, 
where  there  is  such  serious  division  of  sentiment  in  families,  some  in 
unnatural  sympathy  with  the  Federals  who  are  seeking  to  subjugate 
us  and  enforce  a  union  that  we  do  not  desire,  and  some  in  sympathy 
with  the  Confederates  who  are  battling  for  the  sacred  rights  of  inde- 
pendence and  confederation.  It  was  quite  affecting  to  witness  the 
meeting  between  the  two  brothers,  one  a  ragged,  war-worn  and 
half-starved  Confederate,  and  the  other  a  well-dressed  and  well-fed 
Federal.  Yesterday  they  were  enemies  and  would  have  shot  each 
other  down  in  the  heat  of  battle.  To-day  they  ^re  friends  and  the 
Confederate  ministers  to  the  bodily  comfort  of  his  Federal  brother. 
Such  are  the  reversible  fortunes  of  war. 

Richmond  is  a  beautiful  little  town,  and  the  private  residences  have 
an  air  of  elegance  and  wealth.  The  church  buildings  are  very  hand- 
some, which  indicates  a  refined,  generous  and  cultured  people.  We 
are  encamped  in  one  of  the  most  beautiful  groves  that  I  ever  saw.  To 
my  mind  the  Arcadian  grove  would  not  be  a  sweeter  resting-place  than 
this  lovely  spot.  Rations  are  now  abundant,  and  we  are  enjoying 
the  luxury  of  genuine  coffee  and  sugar.  I  feel  thankful  that  our  Sab- 
bath rest  has  not  been  disturbed  by  the  rude  clash  of  arms 

September  i. — Left  Richmond  early  this  morning  and  marched 
eighteen  miles.  We  crossed  Kentucky  river  without  opposition,  as 
the  demoralized  Yankees  fled  on  our  approach.  We  are  now  march- 
ing through  one  of  the  wealthiest  regions  of  Kentucky  and  find  the 
sentiment  of  the  people  almost  unanimously  Southern,  it  being  a  rare 
exception  to  meet  with  an  avowed  Union  man.  The  Kentuckians 
seem  to  be  frantic  with  joy  over  the  appearance  of  a  Confederate 
army  in  their  State,  and  have  already  began  the  organization  ol  a 
regiment  at  Richmond.  It  was  hard  to  leave  our  blue-grass  beds, 
but  a  soldier  can't  expect  to  sleep  on  a  downy  bed  of  ease  every 
night. 

September  2. — We  camp  to  night  only  four  miles  from  Lexington. 
The  enemy  continue  to  fly  before  our  victorious  advance,  antl  we  ex- 
pect to  make  a  triumphal  entry  into  the  city  of  Lexington  to- 
morrow. 

September  J,  Lexington,  Ky. — This  morning  at  9  o'clock,  our  vic- 
torious army  marched  through  the  streets  of  Lexington,  flushed  with 


542  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

success  and  bouyant  with  joyous  excitement.  At  the  head  of  the 
column  marched  the  regimental  band,  filling  the  air  with  the  inspir- 
ing strains  of  martial  music,  followed  by  the  long  line  ol  gray,  with 
bayonets  fixed  and  banners  floating  proudly  in  the  breeze.  We  could 
not  have  met  with  a  more  enthusiastic  reception  if  the  old  One  Hun- 
dred and  Fifty-fourth,  senior  regiment  of  Tennessee  volunteers,  had 
marched  down  Main  street  in  Memphis,  after  its  baptism  of  blood  at 
Belmont.  It  was  a  proud  moment  for  the  Southern  army.  The 
morning  was  lovely  and  heaven  seemed  to  give  us  its  gracious  bene- 
diction. It  was  a  perfect  ovation.  The  streets  of  the  beautiful  city 
were  lined  with  fair  women  and  brave  men.  Confederate  flags 
waved  over  our  heads  and  floated  from  the  windows,  and  as  we  filed 
through  the  streets  under  a  canopy  of  white  handkerchiefs,  cheer 
upon  cheer  rose  in  one  harmonious  volume  of  enthusiasm  for  Jeffer- 
son Davis  and  the  Southern  boys. 

In  the  distance  could  be  seen  the  handsome  monument  of  Henry 
Clay,  and  I  felt  profoundly  grateful  and  happy  over  the  thought, 
that  the  resting-place  of  Kentucky's  great  statesman  was  no  longer 
polluted  by  the  tread  of  Lincoln's  hireling  soldiery.  If  Henry  Clay 
were  alive  to-day  would  he  not  join  in  the  hearty  welcome  extended 
by  Lexington  to  the  soldiers  of  the  Confederate  cause,  and  raise  his 
eloquent  voice  in  defence  of  the  principles  for  which  we  contend  ? 

September  4. — Have  spent  the  day  in  Lexington  wandering  about 
the  beautiful  streets  and  feasting  my  eyes  on  the  pretty,  rosy-cheeked 
girls.  The  great  chieftain,  John  Morgan,  came  into  the  city  last  night. 
He  is  a  splendid  type  of  the  ^enus  homo,  and  seems  to  be  a  perfect 
idol  with  the  people.  They  gather  around  him  in  groups  and  listen 
with  wondering  admiration  to  the  recital  of  his  daring  adventures. 
Recruiting  is  going  on  rapidly,  and  Kentucky  is  enlisted  in  the  cause 
of  freedom.  My  good  friend,  Tony  Bartlett,  introduced  me  to  the 
family  of  Mrs.  Winslow,  where  we  spent  a  delightful  evening  and  en- 
joyed a  social  cup  of  tea. 

September  5. — Left  Lexington  at  sunrise  and  marched  eighteen 
miles  on  the  Maysville  pike.  The  march  was  very  severe.  Weather 
hot  and  roads  dusty. 

September  6. — Marched  twelve  miles,  and  are  now  resting  at  Rud- 
der's Mill.  Passed  through  Paris  early  this  morning  and  turned  off 
into  the  Covington  road. 

Sunday,  September  7. — Marched  twelve  miles  (more  than  a  Sab- 
bath day's  journey)  and  are  camping  to-night  near  Cynthiana.  The 
Southern  feeling  is  strong  thoughout  the  country  and  recruiting  is  go- 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  543 

ing  on  rapidly.     Many  of  the  fair  daughters  of  the  land  visited  our 
camp  this  evening  and  expressed  great  sympathy  for  the  Rebels. 

September  8. — We  camp  to-night  two  miles  from  Georgetown,  and 
after  marching  four  days,  find  ourselves  only  fourteen  miles  distant 
from  Lexington.  We  can't  understand  the  circle  in  which  we  are 
moving.  General  Preston  Smith's  brigade  is  alone,  and  I  suppose 
that  our  General  is  taking  his  boys  to  see  the  capitol  of  the  .State. 
Marched  eighteen  miles. 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter. 
By  Lieutenant  Iredkll  Jones,  of  First  Regiment,  S.  C.  Regulars. 

Fort  Sumter,  August  29,  1863. 

My  Dearest  Mother, —  *  *  *  I  am  happy  to  inform  you  that 
we  have  been  spared  the  disagreeable  whiz  of  200  and  300-pound 
Parrots  for  the  past  few  days.  The  enemy  have  not  fired  on  us  since 
the  26th  instant,  the  reason  whereof  we  are  not  able  to  tell  for  certain  ; 
but,  as  usual,  have  various  conjectures  and  surmises.  Some  say  they 
are  out  of  ammunition;  others  that  they  have  accomplished  all  they 
expected  of  their  land  batteries,  and  others,  still,  that  they  are  only 
waiting  to  get  their  mortars  in  position.  I  think  the  first  supposition 
is  the  most  reasonable,  for  they  could  have  had  no  conception  that  it 
would  have  required  so  much  ammunition  to  reduce  us,  the  more  so 
as  their  General  publicly  asserted  that  the  fort  would  be  knocked  to 
pieces  in  six  hours  after  he  opened  on  it.  I  think  the  quiet  means 
more  than  many  suppose,  and  I  would  not  be  surprised  if  the  next 
attempt  is  in  combined  attack  between  their  monitors  and  land  bat- 
teries with  redoubled  fury.  But  whatever  their  mode,  or  whenever 
they  see  fit  to  make  another  attack,  I  hope  and  trust  that  our  fortifica- 
tions in  the  harbor  will  be  sufficient  to  repel  it.  As  to  ourselves  in 
the  poor  old  fort,  I  hope  we  will  give  them  the  best  we  have  got. 
To-night  Captain  Harleston's  company  leaves  the  fort,  so  that  our 
company  is  the  only  one  of  the  regiment  now  left  here  to  guard  the 
honor  of  the  fallen  fortress. 

We  have  three  barbette  guns  to  fight,  but  of  these  one  has  its 
trunnion  cracked,  and  the  other  two  have  the  parapet  knocked  away 
from  in  front  of  them.  After  the  fight  on  the  night  of  the  26th  in 
front  of  Wagner,  in  which  the  enemy  took  our  rifle-pits  and  captured 


544  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

nearly  the  whole  of  our  picket,  the  detested  monitors  came  sneaking 
close  up  to  the  fort,  and  it  would  have  made  the  blood  boil  in  the 
coldest  hearted  coward  to  have  seen  the  men  rush  to  battery  to  man 
their  disabled  guns.  The  night  was  very  dark  and  foggy,  and  before 
we  could  see  them  to  open,  they  sneaked  out  again  and  left  us  to 
surmise,  as  usual,  as  to  their  object.  I  know  not  what  is  the  ultimate 
intention  of  the  authorities,  but  you  may  rest  assured  that  the  fort  is 
to  be  held  for  the  present,  at  least  until  the  guns  are  gotten  out,  at 
which  we  are  now  working  hard,  though  only  two  as  yet  have  been 
sent  to  the  city.  The  enemy's  launches  come  up  every  night  to  try 
to  cut  off  our  communication  with  Morris  Island,  but  they  have  not 
succeeded  yet. 

The  two  big  guns,  which  Mrs.  Gaillard  spoke  of,  are  two  Blakely 
(rifled)  guns,  imported  by  John  Frazer  &  Co.,  one  of  which  is  meant 
expressly  for  the  defense  of  the  city  of  Charleston,  and  both  of  which 
are  to  be  placed  on  the  battery  in  the  city,  under  charge  respectively 
of  Captains  Harleston  and  Lesesne.  They  are  truly  two  wonders, 
weighing  each  twenty-two  tons,  and  carrying  a  projectile  weighing 
seven  hundred  and  eighty  pounds.  It  takes  a  whole  company  to 
manoeuvre  one  gun.  We  know  very  little  about  them,  having  been 
shut  out  from  the  scientific  world  for  the  last  two  and  a  half  years, 
but  I  hope  they  will  prove  a  success. 

The  enemy  are  within  three  hundred  yards  of  Wagner,  but  if  our 
men  act  properly,  I  have  no  idea  that  they  will  take  the  Fort,  as  the 
remaining  portion  is  a  low,  flat,  wet  plain,  thoroughly  flanked,  and 
commanded. 

Sunday  Morning. — A  bright  Sunday  morning  as  this  is,  I  had 
hoped  we  would  enjoy  in  peace,  but  the  scoundrels  are  giving  us 
bricks  in  reality  as  I  write.  They  opened  at  daylight,  and  from  ap- 
pearances are  likely  to  continue  it  all  day.  You  must  not  judge  from 
the  tremendous  blot  or  smear  that  I  have  just  made  that  I  am  scared, 
though,  if  you  should  think  so,  probably  you  v/ill  not  be  very  far 
wrong.  How  I  would  like  to  enjoy  now  some  of  the  cool  water,  de- 
icious  breezes,  a7id  butter-milk,  with  which  you  in  one  of  your  late 
letters  were  pleased  to  taunt  me!  You  and  Pa  seem  to  like  to  talk 
of  the  telegraph  very  much,  but,  through  the  goodness  of  your 
hearts,  I  will  accuse  you  of  making  a  blunder.  You  forgot  that  there 
was  a  third  person  concerned,  and  you  must  have  thought  that  I  was 
to  be,  or  was  likely  to  be  wounded  or  hurt  in  some  way.  Banish  any 
such  idea  from  your  mind,  for,  I  assure  you,  you  never  were  more 
mistaken.     I  am  as  well  and  as    happy  as    possible.     George  is  a 


Letters  from  Fort  Sumter.  545 

little  unwell  to  day.  I  am  sorry  to  inform  you  that  Lieutenant 
Erwin  had  his  foot  shot  off  at  Wagner.  I  believe  I  told  you  of  it 
in  my  dispatch  two  nights  ago  to  my  father.  He  is  from  York, 
and  brother  of  John  Erwin,  whom  Pa  knows.  I  am  now  Acting 
Adjutant  to  the  Colonel,  Lieutenant  Boyleston  having  gone  home  in 
consequence  of  his  wound. 

Iredell  Jones. 

Charleston,  S.  C,  September  7,  1863. 

My  Dear  Mother, — As  you  will  observe,  I  am  now  stationed  in  the 
city,  where  Colonel  Rhett  has  his  headquarters  for  the  present.  I  had 
the  pleasure  of  being  among  the  very  last  to  leave  the  Old  Fort  on 
the  morning  of  the  5th  instant,  which  event,  I  assure  you,  was  char- 
acterized by  the  deepest  feelings  of  regret  and  sadness  on  my  part. 
And  now  I  will  speak  of  the  progress  of  events  since  that  time, 
and  particularly  as  I  myself  am  concerned  with  those  events,  as  you 
get  from  the  daily  journals  the  general  history  of  affairs.  All  day 
Friday  and  Saturday  Morris's  Island  was  subjected  to  a  terrible  and 
trying  ordeal,  which  resulted,  at  Wagner,  with  the  loss  of  one  hundred 
and  fifty  killed  and  wounded,  together  with  considerable  damage  to 
the  work  itself;  while  at  Gregg  the  loss  was  proportionately  great. 
On  the  evening  of  the  5th,  I  had  the  honor  to  be  the  bearer  of  dis- 
patches from  General  Ripley  to  Colonel  Keitt  to  say  that  the  dis- 
patches of  the  enemy  had  been  intercepted,  which  informed  us  that 
there  would  be  an  assault  on  the  rear  of  Gregg  by  means  of  barges 
during  the  night.  When  I  reached  Gregg  and  delivered  the  dis- 
patches, everything  seemed  to  be  in  such  a  bad  condition,  and  know- 
ing that  all  the  assistance  possible  was  needed,  I  thought  it  my  duty  to 
remain  for  the  fight,  and  accordingly  I  reported,  with  my  boat's  crew, 
to  Captain  Lesesne,  commanding  Battery  Gregg,  who  gave  me  com- 
mand of  thirty-four  men  in  one  of  the  most  important  positions. 
Our  force  was  very  small — not  more  than  two  hundred  men.  After 
everything  was  ready,  we  waited  quietly  until  about  half-past  one 
o'clock  Sunday  morning,  when  we  saw  the  barges  approaching  the 
battery  slowly  in  a  semi-circular  line.  They  were  'about  twelve  in 
number,  and  carrying  not  less  than  fifty  men  each.  They  reached 
about  one  hundred  and  fifty  yards  from  the  battery,  when  we  opened 
on  them  "like  a  thousand  of  bricks,"  on  a  small  scale.  The  rascals 
cried  out:  "Don't  shoot!  We  are  friends!"  But  we  piled  it  on  the 
better.     The  barges  then  replied  rapidly  with  boat  howitzers  and 


546  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

rifles,  and  the  little  fight  became  general ;  for  Moultrie,  Battery  Bee 
and  Simkins  had  all  by  this  time  joined  in  to  help  us. 

The  shooting  on  all  hands  was  good,  and  must  have  had  consider- 
able effect ;  but  it  was  dark,  and  we  were  unable  to  tell  correctly. 
There  soon  appeared  considerable  confusion.  Everybody  seemed  to 
be  giving  command.  We  heard  the  command  "Forward!"  dis- 
tinctly, but  they  scon  "forwarded  backwards."  The  fight  lasted 
about  twenty-five  minutes,  and  the  loss  on  our  side  was  eight  men 
wounded.  About  fifty  men  succeeded  in  landing,  but  a  few  well- 
directed  shots  made  them  take  the  water  again.  The  truth  is  the 
enemy  were  so  surprised  that  we  should  have  been  prepared  for  them 
that  all  their  efforts  were  paralyzed  When  I  first  took  command  of 
my  little  squad,  I  thought  it  best  to  have  a  sword ;  but  when  I  saw 
the  rascals  coming  I  threw  down  sword  and  all,  put  on  my  ac 
coutrements,  took  a  rifle  and  went  to  work  regularly  with  the  men. 
I  could  not  miss  the  chance  to  take  revenge  for  "  Sumter,' '  and  I 
hope  I  laid  some  fellow  low. 

Last  night,  as  you  will  have  heard,  the  whole  Island  was  success- 
fully evacuated,  but  you  must  not  imagine  that  affairs  are  in  a  bad 
condition  in  consequence.  We  are  in  a  stronger  position  now  than  we 
ever  have  been  before.  When  Sumter  fell  Morris's  Island  was  of  no 
value,  and  it  was  only  held  to  give  us  time  to  complete  the  battery  at 
Fort  Johnson,  which  has  now  been  accomplished.  Wagner  really 
was  nothing  more  than  an  outwork  to  Sumter,  and  should  have  been 
abandoned  as  soon  as  the  latter  fell,  had  we  been  prepared  for  it. 
This  morning  our  batteries  opened  on  the  Island  and  scattered  the 
"  Yanks,"  who  were  prying  around  into  every  nook  and  corner.  Be- 
fore leaving  last  night  the  guns  were  all  rendered  unfit  for  service 
again  and  preparations  made  to  blow  the  works  up,  but  on  account  of 
some  imperfection  in  the  slow  match  we  failed  to  do  so. 

The  enemy  are  now  (7  o'clock  P.  M.)  firing  on  Moultrie  and  the 
batteries  on  Sullivan's  Island  from  monitors  and  iron-sides,  while  the 
batteries  are  replying  with  spirit.  It  is  fine  fun  to  stand  on  the  bat- 
tery here  and  look  on  from  a/ar  off  at  the  fight.  The  "big  gun" 
is  mounted  and  ready  for  action.  You  will  not  appreciate  a  descrip- 
tion. Suffice  it  to  say  that  it  is  hu^e.  The  other  gun,  mate  to  this, 
will  be  here  from  Wilmington  in  a  day  or  two,  which  is  to  be  placed 
on  the  battery  also.  ****** 

Iredell  Jones, 


An  Incident  of  the  late  Col.  Carlos  Tracy.  547 

An  Incident  of  the  late  Col.  Carlos  Tracy,  of  South  Carolina,  at   •'  Walthall 

Junction." 

The  late  Colonel  Carlos  Tracy,  a  volunteer  aid  of  General  Hagood, 
at  the  time  of  the  battle  of  "  Walthal  Junction,"  while  following  his 
General  into  the  field,  became  separated  from  him  by  some  interven- 
ing obstacle.  His  attention  was  then  directed  to  a  scene  which 
aroused  all  the  soldier  within  him.  A  man  (wounded)  bearing  the 
colors  of  one  of  the  regiments,  was  walking  with  the  flag  of  the  regi- 
ment trailing  on  the  ground.  Our  left  was  clearly  turned,  and  as  far 
as  he  could  see,  or  know,  there  was  not  a  soldier  to  be  thrown  in  the 
way. 

Seizing  the  colors  of  the  regiment  borne  by  the  man.  Colonel 
Tracy  (then  Captain  Tracy),  rushed  forward  some  distance  on  his 
large  cream  colored  mare,  a  conspicuous  mark  for  the  shot  of  the 
enemy,  and  endeavored,  by  every  possible  exertion  to  rally  the  men. 
After  fifteen  or  twenty  minutes,  having  succeeded  in  getting  some  of 
the  regiment  to  form  in  a  line  with  him,  an  officer  of  the  regiment, 
bravely  and  gallantly  claimed  the  flag — to  whom,  of  course,  he  bowed 
and  yielded  it. 

It  was  for  this  gallant  conduct  Captain  Tracy  was  promoted  to  the 
rank  of  Colonel  of  Cavalry,  and  assigned  to  the  court  of  General 
Ewell's  corps,  as  one  of  the  three  Judge  Advocates.  This  act  of 
Colonel  Tracy's  was  one  which  few  survive,  the  like  of  which  one 
finds  scattered  here  and  there  in  the  histories  of  the  past — the  rela- 
tion generally  ending  with  the  account  of  the  death  of  the  actor 
therein. 

Our  friend,  although  in  imminent  peril,  was  providentially  saved. 
And   his  exertion  probably  turned  the  fate  of  the  day  in  our  favor. 

SUDELEY. 


A  Sketch  of  Debray's  Twenty-Sixth  Regiment  of  Texas  Cavalry. 

By  General  X.  B.  Dkbk.w. 

Paper  No  i. 

In  the  summer  of  1861,  General  Van  Dorn,  commanding  the  Dis- 
trict of  Texas,  made  a  requisition  on  the  Governor  of  the  State  for 
six  companies  of  cavalry,  to  be  enlisted  for  the  war,  to  report  at  Gal- 
veston, and  to  be  employed  in  patrolling  the  coast. 


548  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Prompt  response  was  made  to  the  Governor's  call ;  the  following 
companies  reported  for  duty,  and  were  mustered  into  the  Confederate 
States'  service: 

Captain  Riordan's  Company  A,  from  Harris  county. 

Captain  Myer's  Company  B,  from  Caldwell  county. 

Captain  McGreal's  Company  C,  from  Harris  and  Galveston 
counties. 

Captain  McMahan's  Company  D,  from  Galveston  and  Leon 
counties. 

Captain  Owen's  Company  E,  Montgomery  and  Washington 
counties. 

Captain  Menard's  Company  F,  from  Galveston  and  Liberty 
counties. 

Captain  Atchison's  company,  from  Fort  Bend  county,  composed  of 
one-year  men,  was  also  accepted  in  the  service  and  became  Com- 
pany G. 

These  seven  companies  were  organized  into  a  battalion  under  the 
command  of  Major  Samuel  Boyer  Davis,  who,  being  at  the  same 
time  Assistant  Adjutant-General  at  District  headquarters,  soon  re- 
signed his  lineal  rank. 

On  the  yth  of  December,  1861,  Major  X.  B.  Debray,  of  the  Second 
regiment  of  Texas  infantry,  was  appointed  Lieutenant-Colonel  Com- 
manding, and  Captain  J.  J.  Myers,  Major  of  the  battalion.  Then  the 
work  of  disciplining  and  drilling  was  actively  entered  upon,  and  in  a 
short  time  the  battalion  assumed  the  leading  rank,  in  point  of  in- 
struction and  discipHne,  among  the  troops  stationed  on  Galveston 
Island. 

In  January,  1862,  orders  were  received  to  raise  three  more  compa- 
nies for  the  purpose  of  completing  a  regiment.  Commissions  were 
issued  to  that  effect,  and  by  the  close  of  the  ensuing  February,  the 
following  companies  reported  for  duty,  and  were  mustered  in  for  the 
war : 

Captain  Du  Pree's  Company  H,  from  Montgomery  and  Grimes 
counties. 

Captain  Whitehead's  Company  I,  from  Montgomery  and  Grimes 
counties. 

Captain  Hare's  Company  K,  from  Harris  county. 

General  Hebert,  commanding  the  District  of  Texas,  upon  receiving 
the  report  of  the  completion  of  the  regiment,  appointed  Major  Sam- 
uel Boyer  Davis  to  be  its  Colonel.  But  when  it  became  known  that 
newly  organized  regiments  were,  by  law,  entitled  to  elect  their  field 


A  Sketch  of  Dehray's  Tioenty-Sixth  Beyiment.         549 

officers,  Colonel  Davis  resigned,  and  an  election  was  ordered  to  be 
held  on  the  17th  of  March,  1862,  in  which  the  following  officers  were 
chosen  :  X.  B.  Debray,  Colonel;  J.  J,  Myers,  Lieutenant-Colonel;  and 
M.  Menard,  Major.  Owing  to  delays,  either  at  District  or  Depart- 
ment headquarters,  in  forwarding  the  muster-rolls,  or  in  examining 
them  in  the  War  Department,  the  regiment  was  recognized  as  the 
Twenty-sixth  regiment  of  Texas  cavalry,  while,  according  to  the  date 
of  its  organization,  it  should  have  been  the  Tenth  or  the  Eleventh, 

The  organization  of  the  regiment  was  completed  by  the  promotion 
of  Sergeant  R.  M.  Franklin,  of  Company  D,  to  the  rank  of  Lieuten- 
ant and  Adjutant,  and  the  appointment  of  William  Armstrong  to  be 
Quartermaster  with  the  rank  of  Captain.  The  latter  officer,  having  been 
transferred  to  the  Engineer  Corps,  was  superseded  by  Lieutenant 
T.  R.  Franklin,  of  Company  D.  Lieutenants  Lane,  of  Company  B, 
and  Armstrong,  of  Company  F,  became  the  Captains  of  their  re- 
spective companies,  to  fill  the  vacancies  created  by  the  election  of 
Lieutenant-Colonel  Myers,  and  Major  Menard. 

The  one-year  term  of  service  of  Captain  Atchison's  company 
having  expired,  it  was  replaced  in  the  regiment  by  Captain  Roun- 
tree's  company,  theretofore  unattached. 

Soon  after  orders  were  received  from  the  War  Department  to  re- 
duce the  companies  of  cavalry  to  the  number  of  eighty,  rank  and 
file.  Few  of  the  companies  of  the  regiment  numbered  less  than  one 
hundred  men,  and  it  was  considered  a  great  hardship  to  be  turned  out 
of  the  regiment  and  be  attached  to  some  some  other  organization. 
To  obviate  this  unpleasant  contingency,  the  Colonel's  first  step  was 
to  obtain  the  dropping  of  Captain  Rountree's  company  from  the 
rolls  of  the  regiment ;  next,  such  men  as  were  found  to  be  unfitted 
for  active  service  in  the  field  were  discharged,  and,  finally,  volunteers 
from  the  several  companies,  having  a  surplus  of  men,  joined  together 
to  form  a  new  company,  G,  and  elected  R.  L.  Fulton,  formerly  of 
Company  B,  to  be  their  Captain. 

Thus  Debray's  regiment  was  definitely  constituted  with  its  full 
complement  of  young,  robust,  enthusiastic,  well-mounted,  well-disci- 
plined, and  drilled  volunteers,  when  the  order  was  received  to  pre- 
pare to  march  to  the  State  of  Mississippi  and  report  to  General  Van 
Dorn.  The  prospect  of  entering  into  service  in  the  field,  gladly 
hailed,  was  soon  darkened  by  disappointment.  The  report  of  the 
fall  of  New  Orleans  caused  the  destination  of  the  regiment  to  be 
changed,  and  it  was  ordered  to  proceed,  with  Brown's  battalion  of 
cavalry,  to  re-enforce  General  Sibley  in  Arizona  and   New  Mexico. 


550  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

This  duty,  by  no  means  pleasant,  as  it  entailed  a  march  of  about  one 
thousand  miles,  over  a  country  mostly  deserted,  sterile,  and  with  long 
waterless  stretches,  was  entered  upon,  if  not  cheerfully,  at  least  with 
becoming  soldierly  fortitude.  The  regiment  was  on  the  march  when 
the  report  was  received  that  General  Sibley,  confronted  by  a  largely 
superior  force,  and  short  of  supplies,  was  falling  back  on  San  Antonio. 
Hence  a  new  counter-order,  and  the  regiment  went  to  camp  on  the 
Bernard  river.  During  these  marches  and  counter-marches,  and 
mainly  in  camp,  the  fine  appearance  of  the  regiment  attracted  the 
interest  and  curiosity  of  the  people  around.  Drills  on  horseback 
and  on  foot,  and  dress-parade,  enlivened  by  a  very  creditable  band, 
were  attended  by  ladies  and  gentlemen  in  carriages  and  in  cavalcades ; 
negroes,  too,  would  flock  around,  and  enjoyed  the  sight  as  they 
would  have  done  a  circus.  Hence  came  the  self-given  name  of 
"  The  Menagerie,"  which  clung  to  the  regiment,  and  by  which  its  old 
members  still  delight  to  designate  it. 

In  July,  1862,  the  Colonel,  by  reason  of  his  seniority  in  rank,  was 
called  to  command  the  Eastern  Sub-District  of  Texas,  with  head- 
quarters at  Houston,  leaving  the  regiment  to  the  efficient  care  of 
Lieutenant-Colonel  Myers.  Nothing  happened  for  several  months 
to  break  the  monotony  of  camp  life,  except  patrols  on  the  coast, 
on  which  duty  landing  parties  from  the  blockading  squadron,  in 
search  of  fresh  meat,  were  captured  or  otherwise  punished,  and  in- 
duced to  cease  their  depredations. 

Meanwhile  General  Herbert  having  been  ordered  to  send  to  Ar- 
kansas all  the  infantry  stationed  in  Texas,  except  two  regiments,  re- 
monstrated against  that  disposition  which  left  the  State  unprotected. 
His  remonstrance  was  met  with  the  curt  answer  that  "Texas  must 
take  her  chances."  The  authorities  at  Richmond  seem  to  have  over- 
looked the  fact  that  the  loss  of  the  Rio  Grande  frontier,  the  only 
point  to  be  depended  upon  for  obtaining  army  supplies,  might  be  a 
fatal  blow  to  the  Confederate  States.  General  Herbert,  despairing  of 
a  successful  defence  with  his  reduced  force  against  an  attack  by  sea, 
ordered  the  small  forts,  erected  at  Galveston,  to  be  dismantled  and 
their  artillery  to  be  removed  to  the  mainland  at  Virginia  Point,  where 
sand  works  had  been  raised.  Indeed,  this  was  an  era  of  despond- 
ency and  gloom  for  the  people  of  Texas. 

In  October,  1862,  the  Federal  fleet  entered  Galveston  Bay  without 
resistance.  The  small  force  which  had  been  left  in  the  city  retired 
to  Virginia  Point,  the  city  itself  being  almost  deserted  by  its  inhabi- 
tants, who  had  moved  with  their  chattels  to  Houston  and  the  interior 


A  Sketch  of  Debray's   Twenth-sixth  liegiment.  551 

of  the  State.  Communication  with  the  Island  was  maintained  by 
planking  over  the  railroad  bridge  and  protecting  it  on  the  Island  side 
with  a  redoubt  and  rifle-pits,  occupied  by  a  detachment  of  infantry 
and  artillery.  Debray's  regiment,  ordered  to  Virginia  Point,  by  fre- 
quent patrols,  day  and  night,  satisfied  the  Federals  that  we  still 
claimed  the  city,  and  prevented  them  from  visiting  it.  A  battalion 
of  Federal  infantry  landed  on  one  of  the  wharves  and  took  quarters 
in  its  warehouses,  strongly  barricading  themselves,  but  they  never 
ventured  into  the  city. 

By  the  close  of  November,  Major-General  John  Bankhead  Ma- 
gruder  came  to  assume  the  command  of  Te.xas,  relieving  General 
Herbert,  who  was  ordered  to  Louisiana. 

The  new  Commanding  General  had  acquired  fame  for  the  skill 
with  which,  in  the  peninsula  of  Virginia,  he  checked  for  weeks 
McClellan's  invading  army  before  miles  of  empty  entrenchments, 
armed,  in  part,  with  Quaker  guns,  and  by  continually  moving  about 
his  small  force  to  multiply  it  in  the  Federal  eyes.  Feeling  that  some- 
thing must  be  done  to  rouse  the  spirits  of  the  people  of  Texas,  he 
resolved  to  try  his  hand  aj^ainst  the  enemy's  squadron  lying  in  Gal- 
veston Bay.  Under  his  instructions  two  steamboats,  lying  in  Buffalo 
Bayou,  at  Houston,  were  travestied  into  rams  and  gunboats,  armed 
with  one  gun  each,  and  supplied  with  two  tiers  of  cotton  bales  to  give 
them,  as  the  General  said  in  confidence  to  his  friends,  an  appearance 
of  protection.  A  third  boat  was  fitted  out  to  act  as  tender.  The  two 
gun-boats  were  manned  by  volunteers  of  Green's  brigade,  converted 
for  the  occasion  into  horse  inarines,  also  by  a  company  of  artillery, 
the  whole  under  the  command  of  the  brave  Tom  Green.  Captain 
Leon  Smith  was  the  naval  commander  ;  Adjutant  R.  M.  Franklin,  of 
Debrays  regiment,  having  volunteered  to  serve  as  his  aid. 

At  Virginia  Point  General  Magruder  was  actively  organizing  his 
land  forces.  We  had  about  fifteen  pieces  of  field  artillery,  manned 
by  details  from  Cook's  regiment  of  heavy  artillery.  The  infantry 
were  told  off  to  drag  the  artillery  by  hand  and  to  carry  ladders,  to  be 
used  for  storming  the  wharf  where  the  Federals  were  quartered. 
Companies  B  and  E,  of  Debray's  regiment  were  to  act  as  escort  and 
couriers.     The  whole  land  force  amounted  to  about  1,000  men. 

All  dispositions  having  been  perfected  on  land  and  on  water,  on  the 
31st  of  December,  by  nightfall,  the  column  was  set  in  motion  to  Gal- 
veston, over  the  railroad  bridge,  on  a  six  miles  silent  march  by  a  dim 
moonlight,  soldiers  laboriously  hauling  the  guns  and  carrying  the 
ladders.     Upon  reaching  the  city  the  guns  were  placed  in  battery  at 


552  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

the  foot  of  streets  leading  to  the  bay,  and  on  the  ist  of  January,  1863, 
at  day-break,  General  Magruder  pointed  and  fired  the  first  gun.  In 
less  than  two  minutes  the  Federal  gunboats  opened  their  fire,  which, 
in  a  short  tine,  silenced  that  of  our  artillery,  over  which  they  had 
the  advantage  in  metal.  Several  of  our  gunners  were  mangled  or 
killed  at  their  pieces,  which  had  to  be  withdrawn.  Our  troops  were 
sorely  disappointed  at  what  they  considered  a  failure ;  not  so  General 
Magruder,  whose  only  object  in  attacking  by  land  was  to  divert  the 
enemy's  attention  from  the  attack  by  water. 

Our  brave  little  crafts,  upon  hearing  the  discharges  of  artillery,  has- 
tened to  join  in  the  fight,  and  singled  out  the  "  Harriet  Lane,"  which 
was  the  nearest  ship  to  them.  The  "Bayou  City,"  in  the  lead, 
missed  her  aim  and  glided  along  the  ship's  side;  the  "Neptune,"  fol- 
lowing close  by,  with  a  full  head  of  steam,  struck  the  ship,  but  crip- 
pled herself  and  backed  off  to  sink  in  shallow  water.  The  "  Bayou 
City,"  returning  to  the  attack,  entangled  herself  in  one  of  the  wheel- 
houses  of  the  "Harriet  Lane,"  holding  her  fast,  while  General 
Green's  men  opened  a  galling  musketry  fire  upon  the  ship's  crew, 
with  their  knives  cut  her  boarding  net,  boarded  her  and  compelled 
the  crew  to  seek  shelter  below,  while  one  of  the  Federal  officers 
hoisted  the  flag  of  truce  in  sign  of  surrender.  The  other  Federal 
gunboats,  unaccountably  to  us,  hoisted  the  white  flag  too,  and  under 
it,  two  of  them  fled  out  of  sight  in  the  gulf;  a  third  ship,  stranding  in 
her  flight,  was  blown  up  by  her  commander,  who  lost  his  life  in  the 
act.  Finally,  the  Federal  infantry  quartered  on  the  wharf  surren- 
dered. This  brilliant,  but  bloody  engagement  was  over  in  less  than 
two  hours. 

Revilers  were  not  wanting  who  called  this  victory  a  scratch  ;  but 
they  were  soon  silenced  by  the  success  of  a  scheme  of  the  same  kind, 
planned  by  the  General,  to  drive  ofl"  the  Federals  from  Sabine  Lake. 
On  both  occasions  the  General  relied  upon  the  confusion  created 
among  the  enemy's  ships  by  the  unexpected  appearance  in  their 
waters  of  strange  looking  crafts  boldly  steaming  down  to  them. 

General  Magruder's  success  far  exceeded  public  expectation,  and  for 
a  time  he  was  the  idol  of  the  people  of  Texas.  But  States  as  well  as 
Republics  are  ungrateful.  Brave,  generous,  warm-hearted  Magruder 
died  at  Houston  in  want  and  almost  friendless.  Much  was  said  and 
written,  but  nothing  done  towards  erecting  a  monument  to  him.  His 
body  was  interred  in  the  burial  ground  of  the  Hadley  family,  his 
friends  in  life  and  in  death  ;  but  several  citizens  of  Galveston,  in  an 
evanescent  fit  of  gratitude,  claiming  the  honor  of  possessing  his  re- 


A  Sketch  of  Dehray's  Tioenty-sixth  Regiment.         553 

mains,  demanded  them,  with  the  consent  of  his  family,  and  removed 
them  with  great  pomp,  to  their  city,  where,  ever  since  January,  1876, 
he  lies  ignored  in  an  undertaker's  vault,  still  begging  for  a  grave. 

An  incident  of  the  battle  of  Galveston,  terribly  illustrative  of  the 
horrors  of  civil  strife,  deserves  to  be  mentioned.  Major  A.  M,  Lea, 
of  the  engineer  corps,  having  reported  for  duty  to  General  Magruder, 
at  Virginia  Point,  on  the  eve  of  the  attack,  was  instructed  to  accom- 
pany the  General  to  Galveston.  After  the  capture  of  the  "  Harriet 
Lane,"  in  default  of  a  naval  officer.  Major  Lea  was  ordered  to  take 
charge  of  her.  On  entering  the  ship,  among  the  dead  and  the 
wounded  weltering  in  blood,  unexpectedly  and  to  his  utter  dismay, 
the  Major  beheld  in  the  last  throes  of  death,  his  son,  Lieutenant  Lea, 
executive  officer  of  the  ship,  whom  he  had  not  heard  of  since  the 
beginning  of  the  war.  The  bodies  of  Lieutenant-Commander  Wain- 
right,  killed  in  the  action,  and  of  Lieutenant  Lea,  were  buried  in  the 
Galveston  cemetery  with  military  and  masonic  honors,  the  Confede- 
rate father  reading  over  his  Federal  son's  grave  the  solemn  funeral 
service  of  the  Episcopal  church.  The  witnesses  of  that  heart-rend- 
ing scene  never  can  forget  it. 

General  Magruder' s  success  raised  popular  enthusiasm  to  the  high- 
est pitch,  and  his  call  for  more  troops  was  responded  to  with  alacrity. 
Debray's  regiment  and  other  troops  were  ordered  to  re-occupy  Gal- 
veston, while  an  appeal  to  the  planters,  promptly  complied  with, 
brought  to  the  island  numerous  gangs  of  negroes,  who,  under  the 
supervision  of  their  own  overseers,  worked  diligently  on  new  lortifica- 
tions,  planned  by  the  Commanding  General.  Colonel  Debray  having 
been  assigned  to  the  command  of  Galveston  Island,  Lieutenant-Colo- 
nel Myers  remained  in  command  of  the  regiment. 

The  blockade  of  Galveston,  forcibly  raised  on  the  ist  of  January, 
was  not  resumed  until  the  13th  of  the  same  month,  when  seven  gun- 
boats came  to  anchor  at  about  three  miles  from  the  city,  to  which  they 
prepared  to  pay  their  compliments.  A  shelling  was  opened  and  kept 
up  for  six  hours,  to  which  the  garrison,  having  no  artillery  to  reply, 
had  to  submit  good  humoredly.  Strange  as  it  may  appear,  although 
the  Federals  covered  the  whole  city  with  their  shells  and  solid  shot, 
some  of  which  reached  the  bay,  there  was  no  loss  of  life,  and  the  in- 
jury to  houses  was  trifling.  It  will  be  remembered  that,  in  the  eve- 
ning after  the  shelling,  flashes  of  light  were  seen  antl  a  rumbling 
noise  resembling  broadsides  was  heard  from  a  distance  westward  ; 
then,  after  a  few  minutes,  darkness  and  silince  prevailed  again.  Many 
were  the  surmises  upon  this  incident  and  several  weeks  intervened 


554  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

before  the  sinking  of  the  Federal  ship  Hatteras  by  Captain  Semmes, 
off  Saint  Louis  Pass,  became  known  on  the  island. 

For  nine  months  all  was  quiet  in  Texas.  The  defenses  of  Galves- 
ton soon  assumed  shape,  and  Quaker  guns  frowning  from  the  crests 
and  casemates  of  the  fort,  held  the  Federals  in  check  until  real  artil- 
lery could  be  placed  in  battery. 


The  Last  Chapter  of  the  History  of  Reconstruction  in  South  Carolina. 

By  Professor  F.  A.  Porcher. 

Paper  No.  5. 

charleston  riots. 

As  the  election  drew  near  the  excitement  increased,  and  before  long 
it  may  be  said  that  law  had  ceased  to  reign  in  South  Carolina  and 
had  succumbed  to  violence.  The  Democratic  party  naturally  wished 
to  win  over  negroes  to  their  side.  As  the  managers  of  the  Republi- 
can party  feared  discussion,  they  were  actively  at  work  deterring 
negroes  from  ever  going  to  a  meeting  called  by  Democrats.  The 
latter  were  therefore  compelled  to  adopt  the  plan  of  sending  deputies 
to  represent  their  cause  before  any  body  of  men  called  by  the  Radi- 
cals, and  ask  for  a  hearing.  This  was  sometimes  agreed  to,  but 
always  unwillingly,  and  after  a  time  refused.  A  large  body,  however, 
had  been  won  over  by  the  Democrats,  and  those  in  Charleston  were 
regularly  organized  in  colored  Democratic  clubs.  They  had  their 
own  officers,  their  own  speakers  and  their  own  club-rooms;  which 
last  were  always  open  to  the  visits  of  the  whites.  This  organization 
was  bitterly  resented  by  the  Radicals,  and  the  negroes  were  so  very 
hostile  to  them,  whom  they  were  taught  to  regard  as  traitors,  that 
continued  efforts  were  made  to  annoy  them  and  to  cause  their  meet- 
ings to  break  up  in  disorder.  To  prevent  this  was  always  a  prime 
object  with  the  whites,  for  it  was  indispensably  necessary  that  the 
colored  Democrats  should  feel  certain  that  the  party  which  they  had 
joined  was  ready  and  able  to  give  them  that  liberty  of  political  action 
which  was  denied  them  by  the  Radicals,  who  looked  upon  every 
negro  as  their  own.  After  some  bickerings,  quarrels,  and  abusive 
language,  the  animosity  of  the  negroes  culminated  in  a  riot,  which 
was  made  black  with  murder. 


Tlie  Last  Chapter  of  the  Histori/  of  lieconstruction.      hbb 

On  the  evening  of  September  6th,  the  Democratic  colored  club  met 
at  their  club-room  at  Archer's  Hall;  two  of  their  favorite  orators, 
Sawyer  and  Rivers,  were  there  and  harangued  the  meeting.  A  crowd 
of  unruly  blacks  were  also  there,  who  attempted  to  break  up  the 
meeting,  but  were  hindered  by  the  determined  attitude  of  the  whites 
who  were  present.  When  the  club  adjourned,  shortly  after  lo  o'clock, 
it  was  determined,  in  consequence  of  the  threatening  attitude  of  the 
unfriendly  blacks,  to  give  Rivers  and  Sawyer  the  protection  of  their 
escort  to  their  homes.  They  were  accordingly  placed  in  the  center 
of  a  hollow  square,  and  the  escort  proceeded  up  King  street.  They 
were  followed  by  the  blacks,  and  by  the  time  they  got  to  the  Lutheran 
church,  they  were  surrounded  by  a  mob  of  men  and  boys,  and  even 
of  women,  armed  with  clubs  and  pistols  and  crying  for  revenge 
against  the  black  Democrats.  A  white  man  in  the  rear  of  the  escort 
was  struck  by  a  negro  with  a  club,  and  the  blow  was  returned.  After 
this  pistols  were  fired  by  both  parties,  and  instantly  the  riot  became 
unmanageable.  The  police  came  to  the  scene,  but  they  were  power- 
less against  the  mob.  Whether  they  were  utterly  impotent  is  problem- 
atical. They  made  no  arrests  except  of  white  men,  who  made  no 
resistance.  They  are  said  also  to  have  aided  several  whites  to  the 
shelter  of  the  station-house  and  protected  them,  to  the  utmost  of 
their  ability,  against  the  violence  of  an  infuriate  mob.  Meanwhile 
the  escort  of  Sawyer  and  Rivers  did  not  desert  their  charge.  Finding 
it  impossible  to  carry  them  to  their  homes,  as  originally  proposed, 
they  escorted  them  in  safety  to  the  citadel  and  put  them  under  the 
protection  of  the  United  States  troops.  The  few  whites  who  were  yet 
unable  either  to  control  or  resist  the  mob,  made  their  escape  from  the 
scene  as  best  they  could.  For  several  hours  the  streets  were  in  pos- 
session of  the  mob.  White  men,  utterly  ignorant  and  unsuspicious 
of  trouble,  who  happened  to  come  upon  them,  were  maltreated — aye, 
so  far  did  their  madness  extend  that  in  the  upper  part  of  the  town  if 
a  white  face  was  seen  at  a  window  it  became  the  mark  at  which  the 
pistols  of  the  savages  were  directed. 

Where,  then,  were  the  white  people,  that  the  blacks  were  thus 
suffered  to  retain  undisputed  possession  of  the  town  ?  It  was  the 
dead  of  night,  and  the  people,  unsuspicious  of  any  danger,  had  gone 
to  their  beds.  It  was  near  midnight  when  runners  were  sent  out 
to  their  several  residences  to  call  out  the  members  of  the  rifle  clubs. 
The  call  was  obeyed,  but  it  was  long  before  a  sufficient  number  as- 
sembled to  warrant  their  sallying  out  from  their  quarters.  A  small  bat- 
talion marched  to   the  neighborhood  of  the  main  station  house,  and 


556  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

offered  their  services  to  the  chief  of  poHce  to  assist  in  quelHng  the 
riot.  The  reply  was  that  the  rioters  had  dispersed.  The  officer  in 
command  of  the  volunteer  battalion  sent  out  scouts  to  examine  and 
report  upon  the  condition  of  things.  The  report  was  that  no  bodies 
of  negroes  were  to  be  found  ;  that  parties  were  occasionally  seen  here 
and  there  who  manifested  no  friendly  spirit ;  but  that,  in  fact,  there 
was  no  riot  anywhere.  The  officer  in  command,  considering  that 
the  force  actually  present  was  small,  thought  it  best  to  do  nothing 
which  might  provoke  a  renewal  of  the  disturbance,  and,  after  wait- 
ing a  while  for  further  developments,  marched  his  troops  to  their 
quarters  and  dismissed  them.  It  was  a  wise,  a  prudent,  and  a  hu- 
mane act,  but  it  was  very  unacceptable  to  the  young  men  in  his  com- 
mand, who  panted  for  an  opportunity  of  teaching  the  insolent 
negroes  a  lesson  in  good  breeding.  The  moderation  and  prudence 
of  the  leader  of  the  corps  was  admirable,  and  in  after  times  men 
learned  to  admire  it ;  but  it  was  hard,  very  hard,  to  submit  to  it. 

The  negroes  seemed  to  have  been  organized  for  riot.  Quick  as 
lightning  the  report  of  the  disturbance  would  fly  through  the  streets, 
and  instantly  every  negro  would  come  out  of  his  lair,  and  the  air 
would  be  filled  with  their  imprecations.  The  women  breathed  curses 
against  the  whites,  and  gloated  in  imagination  over  the  vengeance 
which  they  would  exercise.  "  Kill  them  all,''  was  the  general  cry! 
"  The  town  is  ours  ! "  "  Sweep  them  off  from  every  part  of  it ! "  This, 
and  such  language  we  had  to  hear  with  patience  for  upwards  of  sixty 
days.  And  it  was  all  the  harder  to  bear  because  we  knew  that  these 
were  not  spontaneous  utterings,  but  were  put  into  their  mouths 
by  the  sickly  and  unprincipled  adventurers  who  lived  upon  the  white 
men  and  made  use  of  the  negroes  to  aid  in  robbing  them. 

Several  persons  were  wounded  and  otherwise  injured  in  this  riot. 
Mr.  Milton  Buckner  died  the  next  day  of  his  wound.  Whether  any 
negroes  died  is  unknown.  One  black  policeman  was  dangerously 
wounded,  but  recovered.  It  was  afterwards  said,  but  I  know  not  if 
truthfully,  that  the  negroes  would  carry  off  their  wounded  and  keep 
it  a  secret.  No  arrests  were  made  but  of  unresisting  whites,  against 
whom  no  charges  were  ever  made  ;  and  no  inquiry  was  made  by  the 
authorities  as  to  the  cause  or  the  history  of  this  riot,  but  it  was  so  pal- 
pably a  Radical  riot,  that  it  was  not  considered  safe  to  enquire  into  it. 
Not  long  afterwards,  when  there  was  a  color  of  showing  that  the 
whites  had  begun  another  riot,  coroners'  inquests  were  held  and  all 
the  ingenuity  of  the  Solicitor  of  the  county  taxed  to  prove  that  the 
whites  were  the  aggressors.     The  Governor  issued  one  of  his  splen- 


Tlie  Last  Chapter  of  the  History  of  Reconstruction.       557 

did  rhetorical  proclamations.  He  also  privately  wrote  to  the  Mayor, 
to  urge  an  addition  of  two  or  three  hundred  men  to  the  police  force. 
Instantly  the  Mayor's  office  was  thronged  with  negroes,  eager  to  be 
selected  for  this  service.  The  Mayor  was,  like  the  Governor,  a  Radi- 
cal, but  he  knew  better  than  the  Governor  did  the  temper  of  the 
people  with  whom  he  had  to  deal,  and  refused  to  comply  with  this 
insidious  suggestion.  He  did  even  more  ;  he  signified  to  the  officers 
of  the  rifle  clubs  that  he  would  depend  on  their  aid  for  the  suppres- 
sion of  riots,  and  this  kept  the  town  quiet  until  the  President  came  to 
the  aid  of  the  Governor  by  suppressing  the  clubs  as  seditious  and 
dangerous  conspirators. 

It  was  now  determined  to  give  the  negroes  an  opportunity  for  an- 
other riot,  the  whites  taking  care  to  make  such  preparations  as  to  in- 
sure, not  only  a  speedy  suppression,  but  such  a  suppression  as  would 
convince  the  deluded  tools  of  the  Radical  adventurers  that  they  were 
not,  as  they  fondly  believed,  the  masters  of  the  city.  One  of  the 
nights  for  the  regular  meetings  of  a  Democratic  colored  club  was  se- 
lected. The  members  were  urged  to  be  present,  and  protection  was 
solemnly  promised  them.  The  signs,  as  the  day  drew  to  a  close,  were 
ominous  ;  a  restless,  feverish  uneasiness  seemed  to  come  over  the 
negroes.  Large  numbers  from  the  country  were  coming  in  (whose 
attitude  bore  threats),  and  a  fearful  night  was  anticipated. 

At  an  early  hour  the  several  clubs  were  at  their  headquarters  ;  de- 
tachments were  detailed  to  be  present  at  the  meeting  of  the  colored 
Democrats,  to  give  them  the  aid  and  protection  which  had  been  sol- 
emnly promised  them,  and  arrangements  were  perfected  for  speedy 
communication  with  each  other  in  case  of  an  alarm.  It  was  signifi- 
cant of  the  temper  of  the  soldiers,  who  were  expected  by  the  Gov- 
ernor to  bring  the  seditious  Democrats  to  a  sense  of  duty,  that  some 
of  them  went  to  the  gun-room  of  the  artillery  club  and  volunteered 
their  services  to  work  the  guns  in  the  event  of  a  disturbance.  This 
movement  shows  that  the  apprehension  of  trouble  was  general  and 
deeply-seated.  Men,  not  belonging  to  any  military  club,  assembled, 
armed,  at  certain  designated  places,  and,  when  night  was  fairly  closed 
all  who  remained  at  their  homes  were  in  breathless  expectation  of  a 
fearful  riot. 

It  was  a  fearful  night,  one  never  to  be  forgotten  by  the  women  of 
the  city,  and  the  few  men  who  remained  at  their  homes.  Never  was 
a  city  more  awfully  silent.  Not  a  footstep  was  heard  on  the  street — 
not  a  voice  gave  indication  that  human  beings  were  about  interesting 
themselves  in  the  affairs  of  the  town.  Nothing  broke  the  awful 
silence,  except  the  quarterly  chimes  of  St.  Michael's  bells,  which  came 


558  Southern  Historical  Society  Pape7's. 

with  startling  effect  when  the  ear  was  every  moment  expecting  the 
clang  of  the  alarm  bell  of  death  and  destruction.  The  negro  fiends 
who  were  wont  to  rush  into  the  street  to  hurl  foul  imprecations  upon 
the  whites,  were  ensconsed  in  their  hiding  places,  and  made  no  sign. 
At  length,  after  at  least  two  hours  of  this  intense  calm,  the  ear  caught 
sounds  of  footsteps,  not  quick  and  hurried  like  those  of  men  engaged 
in  desperate  strife,  but  gentle  and  careless  like  those  of  men  leisurely 
returning  to  their  homes.  The  danger  was  over ;  the  meeting  had 
been  held  without  disturbance,  and  dispersed  without  annoyance. 
Not  a  negro  was  on  the  street  to  insult  or  to  outrage.  The  front  pre- 
sented by  the  whites  had  completely  overawed  them.  But,  though 
no  more  general  riot  was  apprehended  in  Charleston,  the  political 
lessons  taught  by  the  Radicals  did  not  remain  unproductive.  Negroes 
were  defiant  and  self-assertive,  and  rarely  missed  an  opportunity  of 
insulting — often  of  outraging — whites  who  were  out  in  the  night. 
Women  and  children  were  kept  at  home,  and  aged  men,  now  for  the 
first  time  in  their  lives,  found  it  necessary  to  furnish  themselves  with 
means  of  defence.  It  was  rare  to  see  a  man,  whatever  his  condition 
or  profession  might  be,  who  did  not  carry  a  loaded  pistol  in  his 
pocket. 

All  these  things  may  be  told,  but  narration  can  give  an  inadequate 
notion  of  the  actual  condition  of  things  in  Charleston.  The  situa- 
tion can  be  but  faintly  conceived  by  those  who  were  not  living  and 
moving  about  the  scenes  here  recorded.  It  is  shocking  to  read  of  a 
bombarded  town,  but  what  description  can  portray  the  feelings  of 
those  to  whom  the  hurtling  of  bombs  and  the  whistling  of  shells  are 
familiar  sounds,  each  of  which  fills  you  with  terror;  how  depict 
the  fearful  tempest  that  rages  in  the  mind  of  a  man,  always  conscious 
that  when  he  enters  the  door  of  his  dwelling  he  may  find  that  during 
his  absence  the  destructive  storm  has  been  there  and  carried  death 
and  desolation  with  it? 


The  Battle  of  Chickamauga. 


Report  of   Brigadier-General  Preston,  Commanding    Di- 
vision. 

Greenville,  S.  C,  October  31,  1863. 

Captain  Gallaher,  Assistant  Adjutant  General : 

Captain, — I  have  the  honor  to  transmit,  in  obedience  to  orders,  a 
report  of  the  part  taken  by  my  command  in  the  battle  of  Chicka- 
mauga. 


The  Battle  of  Chickamauga.  559 

On  the  1 8th  of  September  our  forces  advanced  in  several  columns 
to  cross  the  Chickamauga  and  give  battle  to  the  Federal  army  under 
General  Rosecrans.  Major-General  Buckner's  corps,  consisting  of 
Stewart's  division  and  mine,  moved  on  the  road  to  Tedford's  Ford, 
and  on  the  evening  of  that  day  (Friday)  my  command  bivouacked  at 
Hunt's  or  Dalton's  Ford,  on  the  south  bank  of  the  river  and  east  of 
the  road.  The  skirmishers  of  Colonel  Kelly's  brigade  soon  discov- 
ered the  enemy  posted  along  the  opposite  bank  of  the  stream,  extend- 
ing above  in  the  direction  of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mill.  Soon  after 
nightfall  General  Gracie's  brigade  was  moved  across  the  ford  and  es- 
tablished in  line  of  batde,  running  almost  east  and  west,  near  Hunt's 
house,  and  a  few  hundred  yards  north  of  the  river,  where  it  remained 
during  the  night. 

On  the  next  morning  my  two  remaining  brigades  crossed  the  river 
at  dawn  and  were  formed  in  line  of  battle  in  Hunt's  field.  Stewart's 
division  soon  occupied  a  position  on  my  right  and  extended  eastward 
in  the  direction  of  Tedford's  Ford.  Riding  forward,  I  found  troops  of 
Brigadier-General  Johnson's  and  Major-Gencral  Hood's  commands 
forming  in  line  of  battle  nearly  at  right  angles  to  my  own  line,  facing 
westward,  toward  the  Chattanooga  road,  and  afterwards  met  General 
Bragg,  Major-General  Hood  and  Major-General  Buckner,  who  were 
conferring  together.  Having  reported  to  Major-General  Buckner 
the  position  of  my  troops,  I  returned,  and  about  8  o'clock  received  an 
order  from  him  to  advance  through  Hunt's  field,  in  the  direction  of 
the  enemy.  Gracie's  brigade  was  immediately  conformed  to  the 
general  line  of  battle  and  moved  westwardly  toward  the  main  road — 
that  runs  north  from  Lafayette  to  Chattanooga.  After  advancing 
about  six  hundred  yards  it  arrived  near  a  sharp  curve  ol  the  Chicka- 
mauga, which  impeded  further  progress.  I  halted  the  command  on 
the  brow  of  the  hill  overlooking  the  stream  and  plain  below.  The 
enemy's  lines  and  batteries  were  discovered  about  fifteen  hundred 
yards  distant,  in  the  direction  of  Lee  and  Gordon's  Mill,  across  the 
bend  of  the  river,  which  it  would  have  been  necessary  to  cross  twice, 
with  an  open  field  intervening,  swept  by  their  artillery,  had  the  ad- 
vance continued  straight  forward.  Having  halted  Gracie,  I  drew  up 
Kelly's  brigade  three  hundred  yards  in  the  rear,  upon  a  declivity  in 
the  field,  and  Trigg's  brigade  about  three  hundred  yards  in  rear  of 
Kelly's,  on  the  prolongation  of  Bates'  brigade,  of  Stewart's  division, 
which  was  on  the  right— thus  forming  my  division  in  a  column  of 
three  brigades. 

A  rocky  hill  near  Gracie's  right,  overlooking  the  field  below,  al- 


560  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

forded  an  excellent  position  for  artillery.  Upon  it  I  posted  Jeffries' 
battery.  The  enemy  commenced  shelling  my  lines  rapidly,  and  I 
lost  a  commissioned  officer — killed — and  a  few  men  of  the  Sixth 
Florida,  with  Lieutenant  Lane  and  others  of  the  Sixty-Third  Ten- 
nessee wounded.  A  shot  or  two  was  fired  by  Jeffries,  but  I  ordered 
the  battery  to  cease  firing,  as  the  distance  was  too  great  to  assure 
proper  accuracy.  My  troops  remained  in  ranks  without  further  re- 
ply, patiently  enduring  the  fire.  About  12  o'clock,  in  compliance 
with  an  order  received  from  Major-General  Buckner,  I  moved  my 
command  by  the  right  flank,  from  about  six  or  eight  hundred  yards, 
to  a  position  somewhat  west  of  north  from  Hunt's  field.  Trigg's  bri- 
gade occupied  the  front,  in  a  woodland  near  a  small  cabin.  Gracie 
was  formed  near  Trigg,  and  Kelly  was  posted  in  the  rear,  supporting 
Leyden's  battalion  of  artillery. 

No  further  event  of  importance  occurred  during  the  day  to  Gra- 
cie's  or  Kelly's  brigades.  Soon  after  Trigg  occupied  his  position, 
some  three  hundred  yards  in  advance  of  Gracie  and  Kelly,  his  skir- 
mishers, under  Colonel  Maxwell,  engaged  those  of  the  enemy  with 
spirit,  and  some  two  hours  afterwards  were  driven  in  by  the  enemy's 
artillery.  There  was  a  small  cornfield  three  or  four  hundred  yards 
in  front  of  Trigg,  in  which  the  enemy  were  posted.  About  2  or  3 
o'clock  a  continuous  and  heavy  fire  of  infantry  and  artillery,  and 
their  shells  exploding  behind  our  rear  lines,  announced  a  conflict 
near  the  field  in  front.  I  was  informed  that  Hood's  division  was 
attacking  the  enemy  in  the  field,  whilst  my  division  was  held  in  re- 
serve. Soon  after  I  received  an  order  from  Major-General  Buckner 
to  detach  a  brigade  and  reinforce  General  Hood.  For  this  purpose 
Colonel  Trigg  was  ordered  to  advance  in  the  direction  of  the  firing, 
and  to  give  the  required  support.  The  action  soon  became  hot  in 
front.  Trigg  joined  Brigadier-General  Robertson,  of  Hood's  di- 
vision, and  attacked  the  enemy.  They  were  broken  in  confusion. 
The  Sixth  Florida,  under  Colonel  Findley,  sustained  heavy  loss,  but 
owing  to  some  misapprehension  of  orders,  the  brigade  failed  to  cap  • 
ture  the  enemy's  battery,  or  to  reap  the  fruits  of  their  repulse.  As  I 
was  not  personally  superintending  the  attack,  I  refer  to  the  report  of 
Colonel  Trigg  for  details. 

Riding  forward,  however,  I  found  the  evidences  of  a  stubborn  and 
sanguinary  conflict  in  the  margin  of  the  wood  and  the  cornfield  be- 
yond, from  which  the  enemy  were  retiring  their  lines.  Night  coming 
on,  Trigg  bivouacked  in  the  woodland  and  near  the  edge  of  the  corn- 
field, while  Gracie  and  Kelly  occupied  a  position  in  front  of  a  little 


Tlie  Battle  of  C/dckamauga.  561 

hut,  near  which  Major-General  Buckner  had  estabHshed  his  head- 
quarters. 

I  have  no  means  of  ascertaining,  with  accuracy,  the  loss  sustained 
by  my  division  on  Saturday,  but  estimate  it  at  about  one  hundred 
and  fifty  or  one  hundred  and  seventy-five  killed  and  wounded — 
nearly  all  of  whom  were  from  Tri^jg's  brigade.  During  the  night 
Gracie's  and  Kelley's  brigades  were  vigorously  engaged  in  construct- 
ing defences  to  strengthen  the  left,  and  in  the  morning  Williams's 
and  Leyden's  battalions  of  artillery  were  supported  by  my  infantry, 
under  cover  of  good  field  entrenchments. 

On  Sunday,  about  midday,  the  battle  became  fierce  along  the  right 
towards  Chattanooga,  and  there  was  a  general  advance  of  the  left 
wing  under  Lieutenant-General  Longstreet.  Stewart's  division  and 
Trigg's  brigade  were  moved  forward  northwestwardly,  in  the  direction 
of  Brotherton's  house,  on  the  Chattanooga  road.  Under  an  order 
from  Major-General  Buckner,  I  advanced  with  Gracie's  and  Kelly's 
brigades,  with  the  exception  of  the  Si.xty-fifth  Georgia,  Colonel 
Moore,  which  was  left  to  protect  Jeffries's  battery,  near  Hunt's  field, 
on  the  left.  Gracie's  and  Kelley's  brigades  were  formed  in  line  of 
battle  across  the  Chattanooga  road  in  front  of  Brotherton's  house, 
and  Trigg  a  short  distance  in  the  rear.  The  enemy,  in  some  fields 
on  the  north,  maintained  an  active  fire  of  shot  and  shell  on  my  troops 
until  about  half-past  three  o'clock,  when  I  received  an  order  to  move 
towards  Dyer's  house  and  field  to  support  Brigadier-General  Ker- 
shaw. Guided  by  Captain  Terrill,  I  advanced  with  Gracie's  and 
Kelly's  brigades.  Trigg's  having  been  retained  near  Brotherton's  by 
Major-General  Buckner  to  resist  an  apprehended  attack  of  cavalry 
on  our  left  and  rear.  After  moving  through  the  woodland  between 
the  Chattanooga  road  and  Dyer's  farm  house,  I  reached  a  large  field 
extending  northward  to  some  wooded  ravines  and  heights. 

These  heights  stretch  nearly  east  and  west  from  the  Lafayette  and 
Chattanooga  road,  to  another  nearly  parallel  road  running  from 
Crawfish  Spring  to  Rossville,  and  about  two  miles  west  of  the  former. 
From  the  edge  of  Dyer's  field  the  ground  descends  to  a  wooded 
ravine,  and  after  two  or  three  intervening  depressions,  each  succeed- 
ing height  being  more  elevated,  you  reach  the  summit  of  the  ridge, 
which  is  some  two  hundred  feet  above  the  level  of  the  plain.  Along 
this  ridge  the  enemy  were  drawn  up  under  General  Thomas,  as  it  is 
believed  from  the  statement  of  prisoners.  A  strong  battery  was 
posted  on  the  loftiest  and  most  eastern  ol  these  heights,  towards 
9 


562  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Snodgrass'  house  and  Chattanooga.  On  the  northeast  the  undula- 
tions were  gentle,  and  cleared  fields  and  farms  stretched  away  to  the 
eastward  to  open  and  wooded  plains. 

Upon  these  plains  the  battle  had  raged  during  the  day,  and  the 
heights  were  the  key  of  the  enemy's  position,  and  his  last  strong- 
hold. As  soon  as  the  advance  brigade  of  Gracie  reached  Dyer's 
field,  I  ordered  him  to  form  in  line  of  battle,  with  his  left  wing  resting 
near  a  tall  pine  on  the  summit  of  the  hill  near  the  edge  of  the  field,  and 
in  front  of  the  enemy's  strongest  position.  This  was  done  with  great 
animation  and  in  admirable  order.  I  then  directed  Colonel  Kelly  to 
form  his  brigade  on  the  left  of  Gracie,  and  to  change  direction  to  the 
right  as  he  advanced.  The  owner  of  the  farm,  John  Dyer,  one  of  my 
couriers,  gave  me  a  most  accurate  and  valuable  description  of  the 
local  topography,  and  I  directed  Kelly  to  cover  and  protect  Grade's 
left.  Whilst  engaged  in  bringing  Kelly  into  position,  Gracie's 
brigade  disappeared  in  the  wood,  advancing  against  the  battery  hill. 
I  ordered  Captain  Blackburn,  my  volunteer  Aid-de-Camp,  to  follow 
and  ascertain  from  General  Gracie  by  what  authority  he  had  moved. 
General  Gracie  replied  that  he  had  been  ordered  to  advance  by 
Brigadier-General  Kershaw,  who  was  in  the  ravine  just  beyond  the 
field.  The  movement  was  slightly  premature,  as  Kelly  was  not 
formed,  but  I  at  once  ordered  his  brigade  forward,  and  sent  Captain 
Blackburn  to  direct  him  to  oblique  to  the  right  again,  so  as  to  press 
toward  the  slope  of  the  hill  in  the  rear,  while  Gracie  was  attacking 
in  front.  The  enemy  had  kept  up  a  rapid  artillery  fire  from  the  hill 
and  across  the  field,  but  Gracie,  passing  through  Kershaw's  ranks, 
which  were  halted  in  the  first  ravine  beyond  the  field,  dashed  over 
the  ridge  beyond  and  into  the  hollows  between  it  and  the  battery  hill. 

The  brigade  advanced  with  splendid  courage,  but  was  met  by  a  de- 
structive fire  of  the  enemy  from  the  cover  of  their  field  works  on  the 
hill.  The  Second  Alabama  battalion  stormed  the  hill  and  entered  the 
entrenchments.  Here  an  obstinate  and  bloody  combat  ensued.  Briga- 
dier-General Gracie,  whilst  bravely  leading  his  men,  had  his  horse  shot 
under  him.  Lieutenant-Colonel  Fulkerson,  commanding  the  Sixty- 
third  Tennessee;  Lieutenant-Colonel  Jolly,  of  the  Forty-third  Ala- 
bama ;  Lieutenant-Colonel  Holt,  of  the  First  Alabama  battalion  ;  and 
Lieutenant-Colonel  Hall,  of  the  Second  Alabama  battalion,  were  se- 
verely wounded  whilst  gallantly  leading  their  respective  commands 
in  the  assault  on  the  hill.  Many  brave  officers  and  men  here  fell. 
The  brigade  carried  into  action  about  two  thousand  and  three  officers 


The  Battle  of  Chickamauya.  663 

and  men,  and,  in  the  space  of  an  hour,  lost  six  hundred  and  ninety- 
eight  killed  and  wounded.  The  Second  Alabama  battalion,  out  of 
two  hundred  and  thirty  nine,  lost  one  hundred  and  sixty-nine  killed 
and  wounded.  In  the  action  its  color  was  pierced  in  eighty-three 
places,  and  was  afterwards,  by  request,  presented  to  his  Excellency, 
the  President,  who  promoted  the  brave  standard-bearer,  Robert  W. 
Heith,  for  conspicuous  courage.  George  W.  Norris,  of  Captain 
Wise's  company,  of  Hall's  battalion,  fell  at  the  foot  of  the  enemy's 
flag-staff,  and  was  buried  at  the  spot  where  he  had  so  nobly  died. 

Gracie's  brigade  advanced  between  four  and  five  o'clock,  and  Kelly 
moved  about  ten  minutes  afterwards  ro  assail  the  second  hill  on  the 
ridge,  three  or  four  hundred  yards  west  of  the  battery  hill.  I  ordered 
him  to  change  direction  obliquely  to  the  right,  which  was  promptly 
done,  and,  in  a  few  minutes,  the  brigade  had  passed  beyond  the  troops 
halted  on  the  left  of  Kershaw's  brigade,  in  the  ravine,  and  engaged 
the  enemy  on  the  ridge,  three  or  four  hundred  yards  beyond.  Then 
a  desperate  combat  ensued,  the  hostile  forces  being  not  more  than 
thirty  or  forty  yards  apart.  Kelly  gained  the  hill  after  a  bloody 
struggle,  and  the  enemy  vainly  sought  to  dislodge  him  from  it. 

Just  as  I  first  formed  and  moved  Kelly  into  action,  I  met  Major- 
General  Hindman  and  staff,  on  the  summit  of  the  hill,  near  Dyer's 
field.  The  General,  though  suffering  from  a  contusion  in  the  neck, 
from  a  fragment  of  shell,  remained  in  the  saddle.  He  informed  me 
of  the  state  of  affairs,  and  assured  me  of  my  opportune  arrival,  and 
authorized  me  to  post  a  battery  of  his  on  a  point  of  the  field  so  as  to 
guard  against,  and  cover  any  repulse  of  my  troops,  or  any  adverse 
event.  This  was  done  by  me,  though  I  did  not  learn  the  name  of 
the  officer  commanding  the  battery.  When  the  fire  on  Gracie  and 
Kelly  was  fully  developed,  its  great  volume  and  extent  assured  me 
that  support  was  indispensable.  At  once  I  despatched  Captain  Biack- 
burne,  Captain  Preston  and  Lieutenant  Johnston,  of  my  stat^'.  with 
orders  to  bring  Trigg's  brigade  forward  rapidly,  and  to  inform 
Major-General  Buckner,  at  Brotherton's,  of  my  situation,  and  the 
urgent  necessity  of  the  order.  Shortly  after  Captain  Harvey  Jones, 
Acting  Adjutant-General  of  Gracie's  brigade,  rode  up  and  informed 
me  that  Gracie  had  gained  the  hill,  but  could  not  hold  it  without 
reinforcements.  I  instructed  him  to  inform  Gracie  that  the  hill  must 
be  held  at  all  hazards,  and  that  I  would  send  Colonel  Trigg  to  his 
support  in  a  few  minutes.     Soon  after  Colonel   Kelly  sent  me  word. 


564  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers 

by  Lieutenant  McDaniel,  that  he  could  not  hold  the  hill  without  suc- 
cor, and  I'gave  him  a  similar  response.  This  was  about  the  period 
of  the  heaviest  fire,  and  I  rode  forward  to  where  Colonel  Kelly  was 
engaged  on  the  hill,  and  Lieutenant  McDaniel  brought  him  to  me. 
I  reiterated  the  order,  and  the  assurance  of  Trigg's  speedy  arrival, 
and  passed  on  to  the  right,  where  I  met  General  Gracie.  He  reported 
his  ammunition  almost  exhausted,  and  was  withdrawing  his  men  to 
replenish  his  cartridge-boxes. 

■  In  the  meantime  General  Buckner  had  sent  me  Colonel  Trigg's 
brigade,  which,  advancing  in  double-quick  time,  arrived  at  a  critical 
moment,  while  the  battle  was  raging  fiercely.  One  of  Trigg's  legi- 
ments  went  to  the  support  of  General  Gracie,  while  the  remainder  of 
his  brigade  was  ordered  to  form  on  the  left  of  Kelly,  and  to  attack 
the  enemy  on  the  ridge.  This  fresh  brigade,  moving  over  the  troops 
halted  in  the  valley  below,  assaulted  with  great  ardor  the  enemy  on 
the  left  of  Kelly,  and  quickly  carried  the  first  ridge.  The  fresh  and 
lengthened  line  of  fire  Irom  this  fine  command  reanimated  our  men, 
and  disheartened  the  enemy,  who  relinquished  their  first  position, 
and  fell  back  to  a  second  ridge,  occupied  by  a  strong  force  and 
posted  behind  fieldworks.  A  momentary  lull  ensued.  Brigadier- 
General  Robertson  reported  to  me,  and  I  directed  him  to  occupy 
and  hold  the  position  from  which  Gracie  had  withdrawn  to  replenish 
his  ammunition.  1  sent,  at  this  time,  for  Colonel  Kelly,  who  reported 
in  person,  and  informed  me  that  the  enemy  in  his  front  seemed  in 
confusion.  I  directed  him  to  use  his  discretion  and  press  the  ad- 
vantage by  advancing  as  far  as  practicable,  with  Trigg  wheeling  to 
the  right,  toward  the  declivity  of  the  battery  hill,  stretching  towards 
Chattanooga.  It  was  now  moonhght,  and  Kelly,  returning  to  his 
command,  after  a  few  minutes  absence  from  it,  the  fire  reopened, 
and,  continuing  for  a  short  time,  ceased.  It  was  the  last  fire  of  the 
day,  and  closed  the  battle. 

In  the  last  attack  made  by  Trigg  and  Kelly,  Colonel  Hawkins,  of 
the  Fifth  Kentucky,  a  brave  and  skillful  officer  of  Kelly's  brigade, 
captured  two  colonels,  one  lieutenant-colonel,  a  number  of  company 
officers,  and  two  hundred  and  forty-nine  prisoners.  The  Twenty- 
second  Michigan,  the  Eighty-ninth  Ohio  and  part  of  the  Twenty-first 
Ohio  regiments  were  captured  by  Trigg's  and  Kelly's  brigades,  and 
five  stand  of  colors  were  taken  by  Sergeant  Timmons,  of  the  Seventh 
Florida  regiment,  and  by  Privates  Heneker,  Harris,  Hylton  and  Car- 


The  Battle  of  Chickamauga.  5fi5 

ter,   of  the    Fifty-fourth  Virginia.     Colonels  Carlton,  Lefebvre  and 
Lieutenant-Colonel  Glenn  were  among  the  prisoners 

The  next  morning  about  four  thousand  five  hundred  stand  of 
arms,  which  had  been  thrown  away  by  the  flying  enemy,  were  se- 
cured by  my  command.  I  learned  that  Steadman's  division  and 
troops  from  General  Granger's  reserve  corps  held  the  heights  at- 
tacked by  my  division,  and  from  captured  artillerists,  at  Snodgrass' 
house,  that  the  hill  had  been  occupied  by  a  battery  of  the  regular 
army  and  another  from  Ohio. 

Among  the  wounded  at  vSnodgrass'  house,  where  a  hospital  had 
been  established  by  the  enemy,  were  many  prisoners,  some  of  whom 
were  from  Crittenden's  corps,  portions  of  which  seem  also  to  have 
occupied  the  hill.  In  the  attack  on  the  hill  no  artillery  could  be  used 
by  us  effectively. 

The  struggle  was  alone  for  the  infantry.  Few  fell  who  were 
not  struck  down  by  the  rifle  or  the  musket.  Whilst  at  the  height 
of  the  engagement,  the  reserve  artillery  of  Major  Williams  opened 
fire,  by  order  of  Major-General  Buckner,  on  the  rear  lines  of  the 
enemy,  but  with  what  effect  I  could  not  judge.  The  fire  served, 
however,  to  draw  that  of  the  enemy  to  another  part  of  the  field  on 
my  right. 

As  my  line  advanced,  I  sent  word  to  General  Buckner  request- 
ing him  to  cause  Williams  to  cease  firing,  or  he  would  enfilade  my 
men,  who  had  now  the  ridge,  and  the  batteries  were  promptly 
stopped.  The  battalion  of  Georgia  artillery  under  Major  Leyden 
was  engaged  with  Colonel  Trigg  on  Saturday,  and  that  of  Captain 
Jeffries,  protected  by  the  Sixty-fifth  Georgia,  occupied  an  important 
position  on  the  left.  Captain  Peebles's  battery,  of  Major  Leyden' s 
command,  sustained  a  small  loss  in  the  engagement.  No  opportunity 
for  the  advantageous  use  of  his  guns  was  offered  in  that  quarter  of 
the  field. 

I  refer  to  Major  Leyden' s  report  for  details. 

The  next  morning  I  ordered  the  burial  of  the  dead.  Many  of  our 
brave  men  had  fallen  in  charging  the  slopes  leading  to  the  summit 
of  the  ridge.  The  musketry  from  the  low  breastworks  of  the  enemy 
on  the  hill,  attacked  by  General  Gracie,  had  set  fire  to  the  dry  foliage, 
and  scorched  and  blackened  corpses  gave  fearful  proof  of  the  heroism 
and  suffering  of  the  brave  men  who  had  stormed  the  hill.  The 
ground   occupied  by  the    enemy's  battery   was    strewn   with  slain. 


566  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

More  to  the  north,  in  a  wooded  dell  in  front  of  Kelly  and  Trigg, 
many  dead  and  wounded  of  the  enemy  were  found,  who  had  fled  the 
combat  and  sought  concealment  in  its  shadows.  All  the  dead  along 
my  lines,  whether  friend  or  enemy,  were  buried,  and  the  wounded 
removed  to  the  hospital 

I  have  already  mentioned  the  services  of  Brigadier- General  Gracie 
and  his  command,  and  desire  to  express  my  approval  of  the  courage 
and  skill  he  manifested  in  the  battle.  It  also  affords  me  pleasure  to 
notice  the  valuable  services  of  Colonel  I.  M.  Moody,  Lieutenant- 
Colonel  Sanford,  Major  McLennan,  Captain  Walam  and  Surgeon 
Luckie,  of  Grade's  brigade.  Colonel  Trigg  maintained  and  increased 
his  justly  merited  reputation  as  a  brave  and  skillful  officer.  Every 
order  was  executed  with  energy  and  intelligence.  To  the  rapidity 
with  which  he  moved  his  command  to  the  support  of  Kelly's  and 
Grade's  brigades,  and  availed  himself  of  the  advantages  of  the  field, 
I  attributed,  in  a  great  measure,  the  success  of  my  command  in  carry- 
ing the  position.  Colonel  Findlay,  of  the  Sixth  Florida,  moved  at 
once  to  my  support,  with  Lieutenant-Colonel  Wade,  of  the  Fifty- 
fourth  Virginia,  while  the  Seventh  Florida,  under  Colonel  Bullock, 
was  brought  forward  by  Colonel  Trigg  in  person.  During  the 
struggle  for  the  heights  Colonel  Kelly  had  his  horse  shot  under  him, 
and  displayed  great  courage  and  skill.  He  animated  his  men  by  his 
example,  and  with  unshaken  firmness  retained  the  ground  he 
had  won.  During  the  action  he  was  reinforced  by  a  regiment 
from  the  brigade  of  Brigadier-General  Patton  Anderson,  who 
was  in  his  vicinity ;  for  which  timely  aid  I  desire  to  express  my 
obligations. 

Colonel  Kelly  took  into  action  eight  hundred  and  seventy-six 
■officers  and  men;  one  of  his  regiments  (the  Sixty-fifth  Georgia)  be- 
ing detached,  and  lost  three  hundred  killed  and  wounded.  Colonel 
Palmer,  of  the  Fifty-eighth  North  Carolina,  though  wounded,  re 
mained  on  the  field,  and  bravely  commanded  his  regiment.  Lieu- 
tenant-Colonel Edmund  Kirby,  a  young,  brave  and  lamented  officer 
of  the  same  regiment,  fell  early  in  the  action.  Captain  Lynch,  of  the 
Sixty-third  Virginia,  and  Lieutenant-Colonel  Conner,  Major  Myneher 
and  Adjutant  Thomas  B.  Cook,  of  the  Fifth  Kentucky,  merit  honor- 
able mention.  Captain  Joseph  Desha,  of  the  Fifth  Kentucky,  who, 
though  painfully  wounded,  remained  on  the  field  until  the  enemy 
was  defeated,  deserves  especial  commendation.     Captain  Desha  has 


The  Battle  of  Chickamauya.  567 

been  often  in  action,  and  always  honorably  mentioned,  and  I  respect- 
fully recommend  him  for  promotion. 

The  actual  strength  of  the  command  taken  by  me  into  action  on 
Sunday,  was  three  thousand  seven  hundred  and  fifty-two  men,  and 
three  hundred  and  twenty-six  officers,  being  an  aggregate  of  four 
thousand  and  seventy-eight  infantry,  and  my  total  loss  in  the  battle 
was  twelve  hundred  and  seventy- five  killed  and  wounded,  and  sixty- 
one  missing — nearly  all  of  the  lost  having  been  subsequently  ac- 
counted for. 

I  desire  to  express  my  thanks  to  my  staff  for  the  efficient  aid  they 
rendered  me.  Major  W.  M.  Owen,  Chief  of  Artillery;  Captain  San- 
ford,  Assistant  Adjutant-General;  Captain  Edward  C.  Preston, 
Division  Inspector;  Lieutenant  Edward  Whitfield,  Ordnance  Officer; 
Lieutenant  Adams,  Assistant  Adjutant  and  Inspector- General;  Lieu- 
tenant Harris  H.  Johnston,  Aid-de-Camp,  and  Captain  I.  C.  Black- 
burne,  volunteer  Aid-de-Camp,  were  actively  employed  during  the 
battle,  and  I  tender  to  them  the  assurance  of  my  sense  of  their  valu- 
able services  on  the  field.  Lieutenant  Bowles,  of  Morgan's  cavalry, 
was  temporarily  attached  to  my  staff,  and  assisted  me  greatly  during 
the  engagement.  Major  Edward  Crutchfield,  Quartermaster,  and 
Major  Bradford,  were  under  orders  a  short  distance  in  the  rear,  but 
availed  themselves  of  each  interval  to  join  me  at  the  front,  and  ful- 
filled their  respective  duties  to  my  entire  satisfaction.  Surgeon  Ben- 
jamin Gillespie,  by  the  establishment  of  field  hospitals  and  his  care 
of  the  wounded,  merits  my  thanks  and  official  notice. 

Enclosed,  I  transmit  the  reports  of  General  Gracie,  Colonels  Kelly 
and  Trigg,  with  others  of  subordinate  officers.  I  refer  to  them  for 
many  details  which  cannot  be  embraced  in  this  report,  and  invite  at- 
tention to  the  instances  of  skill  and  gallantry  shown  by  officers  and 
men,  which  they  record.  The  troops  of  my  division  had  never  been 
engaged  in  any  important  battle,  having  been  stationed  during  the 
war  chiefly  in  Southwestern  Virginia  and  East  Tennessee,  to  defend 
their  mountain  passes  from  invasion.  Held  in  reserve  while  the  con- 
flict raged  around  them  for  a  day  and  a  half,  they  manifested  a  noble 
ardor  to  share  its  dangers  and  its  glories.  Though  long  in  service 
and  not  aspiring  to  the  title  of  veterans,  I  felt  strong  confidence  in 
their  patriotism,  courage  and  discipline.  The  hour  for  the  trial  of  all 
these  great  qualities  arrived ;  every  hope  was  justified,  and  I  feel  as- 
sured that  both  officers  and  men,  won  honorable  and  enduring  re- 


568 


Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 


nown  upon  the  memorable  field  of  Chickamauga.     I  have  the  honor 
to  remain  your  obedient  servant, 

W.  Preston, 
Brigadier-  General,  P.  A.  C.  S. 

Tabular  Statement  of  the  Strength  of  Preston's   Division  in  the  Battle  of 
Chickamauga,  and  the  Return  of  the  Killed,  Wounded,  and  Missing. 


EFFECTIVE  STRENGTH. 

KILLED,  WOUNDED.  AND   MISSING. 

Sept.  19th, 
1863. 

Sept.  20th, 
1863. 

Killed. 

Wounded.        Missing. 

Total 

COMMAND. 

i 

■J 

i 

e 

•a 

S 

c 

1 

a 

•a 

JO 

2 

S 

i 

1 

1 

i 

s 

o 

Enlisted  Men. 
OflBcers. 

a 
c 

Oracle's  Brigade 

Trigg's   Brigade 

Kelly's  Brigade"* 

136 
119 

109 

1,992 
1,417 
1,037 

134 

108 

84 

1,869 

1,091 

792 

6 
3 
6 

84 
43 
57 

30 
18 
15 

578    

213    

223  ! 

! 

27 

5 

29 

725 
282 
329 

Total 

363 

4,446       326     3,752 

14 

184  1     63 

1,014  i 

61     1 

1,336 

*  The  Sixty-fifth  Georgia  detached  on  September  20th. 

W.  Preston, 
Brigadier- General  Cotnmanding  Division. 


Notes  and  Queries. 

Did  General  George  H.  Tho?nas  hesitate  to  draw  his  sword 
against  his  7iative  State — Virginia  f 

We  have  collected  the  most  conclusive  proof  that  General  Thomas 
had  at  first  fully  decided  to  come  South  and  cast  his  lot  with  his  own 
people,  and  we  only  await  some  additional  proofs  that  have  been 
promised  us  before  publishing  a  full  statement  of  the  facts.  But,  in 
the  meantime,  it  may  be  as  well  to  put  into  our  records  the  testimony 
of  Senator  Cameron,  of  Pennsylvania,  in  his  speech  in  the  United 
States  Senate,  on  the  bill  for  the  relief  of  General  Fitz.  John  Porter. 
Mr.  Cameron,  in  the  course  of  his  defence  of  General  Porter,  said : 


Notes  and  Queries.  569 

"It  became  my  duty  to  take  charge  of  the  railroad  from  Harris- 
burg  to  Baltimore,  and  while  so  engaged  an  incident  occurred  in  my 
office  which  impressed  me  greatly  at  the  time,  and  which  it  has 
always  seemed  to  me  should  atone  to  a  great  extent  for  any  errors 
General  Porter  may  have  committed,  if  any,  at  a  later  period  of  the 
war.  It  was  to  a  great  extent  through  him,  in  my  judgment,  that  the 
services  of  General  George  H.  Thomas  were  secured  to  the  side  of 
the  Union.  General  Thomas,  then  Major  Thomas,  was  stationed  at 
Carlisle  Barracks.  There  were  at  the  same  time  two  other  Majors  of 
the  army  stationed  at  the  same  place — I  have  forgotten  their  names, 
but  that  is  immaterial,  for  the  records  of  the  War  Department  will 
show — when  an  order  was  received  from  the  War  Department  by  a 
messenger,  who  came  across  the  country,  directing  Major  Porter  to 
send  the  troops  then  at  Carlisle  to  Washington,  with  directions  to 
have  them  cut  their  way  through.  It  is  the  language  of  this  order 
which  makes  me  say  that  this  was  at  one  of  the  darkest  periods  of 
the  war.  The  capital  of  the  nation  was  menaced  by  an  enemy  camp- 
ing within  a  few  miles  of  it,  and  had  but  a  handful  of  men  for  its 
protection.  Porter,  with  a  quick  perception  of  the  gravity  of  the 
situation  and  showing  a  thorough  knowledge  of  the  fitness  of  the 
man  for  the  duty  to  be  performed,  selected  Thomas  from  the  three 
Majors,  and  ordered  him  to  report  to  him  at  my  office  in  Harrisburg, 
that  being  Porter's  headquarters. 

"Thomas  arrived  there  promptly  the  same  evening.  When  in- 
formed of  the  duty  to  be  performed,  Thomas  hesitated,  and  then 
began  a  conversation  between  the  two  officers,  which  continued  until 
morning,  and  made  a  lasting  impression  on  my  mind.  Thomas 
argued  against  the  war,  taking  the  ground  that  the  trouble  had  been 
brought  upon  the  country  by  the  abolitionists  of  the  North,  and  that 
while  deploring  it  as  sincerely  as  any  man  could,  the  South  had  just 
cause  for  complaint.  Porter  took  the  position  that  he,  Thomas,  as  a 
soldier,  had  no  right  to  look  at  the  cause  of  the  trouble,  but  as  an 
officer  of  the  United  States  army  it  was  his  duty  to  defend  his  flag 
whenever  it  was  attacked,  whether  by  foes  from  without  or  from 
within.  Porter  pleaded  as  zealously,  as  eloquently,  as  I  have  ever 
heard  any  man  plead  a  cause  in  which  his  whole  heart  was  engaged, 
and  it  was  this  pleading  which  caused  Thomas  to  arrive  at  a  de- 
cision. 

"  I  do  not  say  that  Thomas  refused  to  obey  his  orders,  but  I  do 
say  that  he  hesitated  and  would  much  have  preferred  that  the  duty 


570  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

had  devolved  upon  another.  Thomas  was  a  Virginian,  and  had,  as 
many  other  good  and  patriotic  men  had,  great  doubts  as  to  the 
ability  of  the  government  to  coerce  the  States  back  into  the  Union 
that  had,  by  their  legislatures,  formally  withdrawn,  but  having  that 
night  decided  to  remain  with  the  Union,  from  that  time  forward 
there  was  no  doubt,  no  hesitancy,  no  wavering,  but  an  earnest,  hearty 
support  to  the  side  which  had  for  its  interest  the  Union,  and  to-day 
his  name  is  among  the  brightest,  best  and  purest  of  its  military  he- 
roes. If  Fitz  John  Porter  was  to  any  extent  instrumental  in  saving 
this  great  name  to  our  list  of  military  heroes,  I  ask,  Should  not 
this  country  be  grateful  to  him  ?     I  think  it  should." 


General  Sherman's  Slanders  of  Confederate  Leaders. — 
Time  does  not  seem  to  soften  the  bitterness  of  the  "  Great  Bummer  " 
and  Burner  of  the  war,  but  he  seems  to  lose  no  opportunity  to  vent 
his  spleen  against  "  Rebel  conspirators  "  and  "Traitors."  And  in 
his  blind  malignity  he  shows  a  reckless  disregard  of  the  truth,  which 
is  utterly  amazing.  At  the  formal  opening  of  the  new  hall  of  the 
Frank  Blair  Post  of  the  Grand  Army  ol  the  Republic,  a  few  weeks 
ago,  General  Sherman,  in  the  course  of  his  address,  stated  that 
President  Davis  ("Jeff,  Davis,"  he  rudely  calls  him),  "  was  a  con- 
spirator a  the  opening  of  the  rebellion,  and  that  his  aim  was  to 
make  himself  dictator  of  the  South,  and  that,  in  a  letter  to  a  man 
who  is  now  a  United  States  Senator,  he  had  said  he  would  turn 
Lee's  army  against  any  State  that  might  attempt  to  secede  from  the 
Southern  Confederacy." 

This  statement  brought  out  the  following  reply  from  our  patriotic, 
chivalric  chief: 

Beauvoir,  Miss.,  November  6,  1884. 

Editor  St.  Lotas  Republican  : 

Dear  Sir, — I  have  to-night  received  the  enclosed  published  ac- 
count of  remarks  made  by  General  W.  T.  Sherman,  and  ask  the 
use  of  your  columns  to  notice  only  so  much  as  particularly  refers 
to  myself,  and  which  is  to  be  found  in  the  following  extracts.  The 
following  is  taken  from  the  St.  Louis  Republican  : 

"  Frank  P.  Blair  Post,  G.  A.  R.,  opened  their  new  hall,  corner 
of  Seventeenth  and  Olive  streets,  last  evening.  General  Sherman 
said  the  people  of  the  North  would  have  all  been  slaves." 


Notes  omd  Queries.  571 

The  following  is  from  the  Globe- Dentocraf  s  report  : 

"Referring  to  the  late  war,  he  said  it  was  not,  as  was  generally 
understood,  a  war  of  secession  from  the  United  States,  but  a  con- 
spiracy. '  I  have  been  behind  the  curtain,'  said  he,  '  and  I  have 
seen  letters  that  few  others  have  seen,  and  have  heard  conversations 
that  cannot  be  repeated,  and  I  tell  you  that  Jeff.  Davis  never  was  a 
secessionist.  He  was  a  conspirator.  He  did  not  care  for  division 
from  the  United  States.  His  object  was  to  get  a  fulcrum  from  which 
to  operate  against  the  Northern  States,  and  if  he  had  succeeded  he 
would  to-day  be  the  master-spirit  of  the  continent,  and  you  would 
be  his  slaves.  I  have  seen  a  letter  from  Jeff.  Davis  to  a  man  whose 
name  I  cannot  mention,  because  he  is  a  United  States  Senator.  I 
know  Davis's  writing,  and  saw  his  signature,  and  in  that  letter  he 
said  he  would  turn  Lee's  army  against  any  State  that  might  attempt 
to  secede  from  the  Southern  Confederacy.'  " 

"  This  public  assault,  under  the  covert  plea  that  it  is  based  upon  in- 
formation which  regard  for  a  United  States  Senator  does  not  permit 
him  (General  Sherman)  to  present,  will,  to  honorable  minds,  suggest 
the  idea  of  irresponsible  slanders.  It  is  thus  devolved  upon  me  to 
say  that  the  allegation  of  my  ever  having  written  such  a  letter  as  is 
described  is  unqualifiedly  false,  and  the  assertion  that  I  had  any 
purpose  or  wish  to  destroy  the  liberty  and  equal  rights  of  any  State, 
either  North  or  South,  is  a  reckless  and  shameless  falsehood,  espe- 
cially because  it  was  generally  known  that  for  many  years  before,  as 
well  as  during  the  war,  between  the  States,  I  was  an  earnest  advocate 
of  the  strict  construction  State  rights  theory  of  Mr.  Jefferson. 

"  What  motive  other  than  personal  malignity  can  be  conceived  for 
so  gross  a  libel  ?  If  General  Sherman  had  access  to  any  letters  pur- 
porting to  have  been  written  by  me  which  will  sustain  his  accusation, 
let  him  produce  them,  or  wear  the  brand  of  a  base  slanderer." 

To  this  letter  General  Sherman  has  made  no  reply,  save  to  publish 
a  letter  purporting  to  have  been  written  by  Vice-President  Stephens 
to  Honorable  H.  V.  Johnson,  and  condemning  in  strong  terms  some 
of  the  measures  of  Mr.  Davis's  administration,  though  affording  not 
a  scintilla  of  proof  of  General  Sherman's  charges,  and  utterly  at 
variance  with  some  of  Mr.  Stephens's  piiblished  opinions  concerning 
Mr.  Davis. 

General  Sherman  has  not  yet  produced  the  letter  which  he  claims 
to  have  seen,  and  he  cannot  produce  any  evidence  to  substantiate  his 
slander. 


572  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

Another  of  General  Sherman's  recent  slanders  is  his  charging 
General  Albert  Sidney  Johnston  with  a  "conspiracy"  to  turn  over 
to  the  Confederacy  the  troops  he  commanded  on  the  Pacific  Coast  at 
the  breaking  out  of  the  war. 

Colonel  William  Preston  Johnston  (the  gallant  and  accomplished 
son  of  the  great  soldier  and  stainless  gentleman)  promptly  branded 
this  statement  as  false,  and  its  author  as  a  slanderer.  General  Sher- 
man's own  witness  failed  him,  and,  indeed,  gave  strong  testimony 
against  him,  and  he  was  forced  to  admit  that  he  was,  in  this  case , 
misiakc7i. 

But  we  need  go  into  no  further  details.  If  our  readers  will  recall 
what  we  have  published  concerning  General  Sherman's  connection 
with  the  burning  of  Columbia,  and  the  conflicting  statements  he  has 
made  concerning  it,  and  if  they  will  turn  to  his  own  Memoirs,  X'^ol.  II, 
page  278,  and  see  how  he  coolly  publishes  to  the  world  a?i  adinissioft 
that  171  his  official  7'eport  he  was  guilty  of  willful  and  deliberate  false- 
hood in  chargi7tg  Ge7ieral  Wade  Ha7npton  with  burni7ig  Colu77ibia, 
tvhe7i  he  k7iew  that  he  did  not,  ''  i7i  order  to  shake  the  faith  of  his 
people  m  him  "  [Hampton] — we  say  that  if  they  will  only  look  a  little 
into  the  record  of  this  champion  slanderer  of  the  South,  they  will  not 
be  surprised  at  a7iy  reckless  statement  which  he  may  make. 


Mr.  Corcoran' s  Tribute  to  General  Lee. — In  sending  Pro- 
fessor J.  J.  White,  of  Lexington,  Va.,  a  contribution  of  |i,ooo 
towards  making  up  the  last  $6,000  necessary  to  complete  the  Lee 
Mausoleum,  Mr.  W.  W.  Corcoran,  the  noble  philanthropist,  paid 
General  Lee  the  following  graceful  and  feeling  tribute,  which  is 
worthy  of  a  place  in  our  records  : 

"  It  is,  perhaps,  superfluous  to  add  that  it  affords  me  a  melancholy 
satisfaction  to  testify — even  in  this  imperfect  manner — my  respect  for 
the  memory  of  a  valued  friend,  the  grandeur  of  whose  character 
commanded  the  admiration  of  ever  Southern  heart.  Happily  blend- 
ing the  qualities  of  a  hero  with  the  graces  of  a  Christian,  General  Lee 
was  the  embodiment  of  my  ideal  conception  of  all  that  constitutes  a 
truly  good  and  great  man." 


A  Northern  Estimate  of  Relative  Numbers  and  Losses 
During  the  War. — We  clip  the  following  from  the  Philadelphia 
Record  : 

"  A  correspondent  asks  us  to  state  the  number  of  men  engaged  in 


Notes  and  Queries.  573 

the  late  war  on  both  sides.  Respecting  the  Confederate  force,  sta- 
tistics are  at  variance.  The  Adjutant-General  of  the  Confederate 
army,  in  a  statement  since  the  close  of  hostilities,  estimated  the  en- 
tire Confederate  force,  capable  of  service  in  the  field,  at  600,000  men. 
Of  this  number,  not  more  than  400,000  were  enrolled  at  any  time, 
and  the  Confederate  States  never  had  in  the  field  at  once  more  than 
200,000  men.  When  the  war  ended  the  Southern  army  was  reduced 
to  less  than  one-half  this  number.  The  official  reports  of  the  War 
Department  set  down  the  grand  total  of  troops  furnished  the  Union 
armies  at  2,850,132.  Reduced  to  a  uniform  three  years'  standard, 
the  whole  number  of  troops  enlisted  amounted  to  2,320,272.  The 
number  of  casualties  among  the  Union  troops  and  those  taken  pri- 
soners together,  by  far  exceeded  the  entire  Confederate  forces.  The 
Provost-Marshal  General  reported  in  1866  that  the  losses  of  the 
Union  were:  Killed  in  battle,  61,362;  died  of  wounds.  34,727;  of 
disease,  183,287  ;  total,  279,376.  The  Union  troops  captured  during 
the  war  numbered  212,008.    Actual  decrease  of  the  army,  491,984. 


The  Appomattox  Apple  Tree  Once  More. — We  have  received 
from  Colonel  T.  M.  R.  Talcott,  at  that  time  in  command  of  the  First 
Regiment  of  Confederate  Engineers,  the  following  letter,  in  reply  to 
an  inquiry  from  us,  which  fully  confirms  the  note  made  in  our  last 
issue  : 

Richmond,  November  jd,  1884. 
The  Rev.  J.   Wni.  Jones,  D.  D., 
Secretary,  &c. 

Dear  Sir. — The  note  on  "Appomattox  Apple  Tree"  states  cor- 
rectly the  fact  that  my  regiment  furnished  a  guard  to  General  Lee  ; 
but  it  is  also  true  that  there  were  no  negotiations  between  General 
Lee  and  General  Grant  at  the  point  referred  to.  General  Lee  himself 
stated  to  me  at  the  time  that  he  was  waiting  for  a  reply  to  a  dispatch 
he  had  sent  to  General  Grant,  and  as  soon  as  a  reply  was  received  he 
rode  towards  Appomattox  Court  House  with  Colonel  Marshall.  On 
his  return  from  Appomattox  Court  House  (as  he  passed  my  lines)  he 
told  me  of  the  terms  of  surrender,  which  he  had  accepted. 

The  cordon  of  sentinels  was  placed  around  General  Lee  and  his 
staff  at  the  request  of  Col,  Walter  Taylor;  and  one  object  was,  I  think, 
to  keep  straggling  Federal  officers  away  from  the  General.  I  remember 
seeing  several  Federal  officers  of  high  rank  who  seemed  to  be  very 
inquisitive.  Yours,  very  truly, 

T.  M.  R.  Talcott. 


574  Southern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

|^DITOF(IAL     'pAFiAQFiAPHp. 


Volume  12  S.  H.  S.  Papers  is  completed  in  this  number,  and  is  now  ready 
for  the  binders.  A  glance  at  its  table  of  contents  will  show,  we  think,  that  it 
is  not  one  whit  behind  previous  volumes  in  variety,  interest  and  real  historic 
value.  We  are  now  prepared  to  receive  orders  for  this  volume  at  the  fol- 
lowing prices:  Unbound,  I3  ;  bound  in  cloth,  I3.50 ;  half  morocco,  $3.75; 
half  calf,  I4. 


Membership  fees  and  past-due  subscriptions  have  been,  and  are  very 
much  in  request  at  this  office,  and  we  are  seeking  very  earnestly  to  collect 
them. 

We  are  meeting  a  measure  of  success,  but  have  found  some  obstacles  and 
some  confusion  of  ideas  on  the  part  of  members  and  subscribers,  which 
would  be  amusing  if  it  were  not  rather  serious. 

E.  G. — Here  is  a  specimen  letter  from  a  gentleman  whose  time  e.xpired  in 
October,  1883,  and  who,  therefore,  owes  us  $2,  from  that  date  to  October, 
1884,  and  I3  for  the  next  year,  if  he  continues.  But  he  coolly  writes  us  that 
he  "  only  subscribed  for  one  year,"  and  having  paid  for  that,  he  considers 
himself  under  no  obligation  to  pay  for  1883-84.  Now,  there  are  several 
replies  to  this : 

1.  When  one  is  enrolled  as  a  member  of  the  society  he  is  continued  until 
\\Q formally  notifies  the  Secretary  of  his  wish  to  withdraw,  and  he  is  bound 
for  his  fees  (at  the  rate  of  |;3  per  annum)  until  he  gives  such  notification. 

2.  The  postal  laws  are  plain  and  emphatic  that  when  a  subscriber  fails 
to  notify  a  publisher  of  his  desire  to  discontinue  his  paper,  and  the  publisher 
continues  to  send  it  the  subscriber  is  boimd  to  pay  the  subscription^  And 
surely  it  is  neither  good  ethics  or  good  law  that  one  should  receive  our 
Papers  for  twelve  months  or  two  years,  and  then  decline  to  pay  for  them. 


The  terms  of  me.mbership  in  our  Society  are  $3  per  annum  for  annual, 
and  I50  for  life  membership,  and  the  payment  of  these  fees  entitles  the 
member  to  "  all  the  privileges  of  the  Society,  including  the  receipt  of  its  official 
publications..''  For  some  years — from  1869  to  1876 — the  Society  was  unable 
to  make  regular  publications,  and  the  members  paid  their  fees  simply  to 
meet  the  expenses  incident  to  the  prosecution  of  the  work  of  gathering  and 
preserving  "  material  for  the  future  historian,"  and  received  nothing  in 
return.  Since  January,  1876,  however,  we  have  given  our  members  a  full 
quid  pro  quo  for  the  fees  they  have  paid.  We  have  sometimes  not  been  as 
prompt  as  is  desirable  in  issuing  our  numbers,  but  we  have  never  failed  to 
mail  to  each  member  and  subscriber  every  number  to  which  he  was  entitled, 


Literary  Notices.  675 

and  when  informed  that  any  failed  to  receive  special  numbers  we  have 
promptly  mailed  duplicates.  We  mention  this  because  we  sometimes  receive 
complaints  (especially  from  one  in  arrears)  of  failure  to  receive  numbers  a 
year  or  more  ago.  A  postal  card  sent  at  the  time  of  the  failure  of  the  num- 
bers will  always  receive  prompt  attention.  But  we  beg  to  remind  our  mem- 
bers that  their  fees  are  due  and  are  needed,  zvhether  they  receive  any  publi- 
cations or  not. 

We  are  not  using  our  "special  fund  "  (which  is  safely  invested)  for  cur- 
rent expenses,  and  as  we  must  promptly  meet  these,  we  need  every  dollar 
due  us  (though  if  we  had  to-day  the  half  of  what  is  due  we  should  be  very 
comfortable),  and  we  beg  our  friends  to  send  us  their  dues  at  on'Ce,  without 
waiting  for  an  agent  to  call  on  them,  or  for  any  furtiier  reminder. 


Literary  Notices. 

THE  LETTERS  AND  TIMES  OF  THE  TYLERS.  Bv  Lyom  G.  Tyler. 
In  two  volumes.  Volume  L  Richmond,  Va. :  Whittet  &  Shepperson. 
1884. 

We  are  indebted  to  the  accomplished  author  for  a  copy  of  this  valuable 
book,  which,  in  paper,  type,  binding,  and  general  get-up,  are  admirable 
specimens  of  the  book-maker's  art,  and  reflect  high  credit  on  all  concerned. 
We  must  reserve  for  the  future  the  full  review  which  the  book  deserves, 
as  we  have  space  now  for  only  a  brief  notice. 

But  we  must  say,  that  while  any  book  on  the  "  Letters  and  Times"  of  these 
distinguished  Virginians  would  be  of  interest  and  historic  value,  our  author 
has  shown  industrious  research  in  collecting  his  materials,  and  great  ability 
in  using  them — that  he  wields  a  facile,  graceful  pen — and  that  he  has  not 
only  written  a  most  readable  and  entertaining  biography,  but  has  made  a 
contribution  of  real  value  to  the  history  of  the  important  epoch  of  which  he 
treats.  While  with  filial  hand  he  draws  the  portraits  and  vindicates  the 
fame  of  his  distinguished  father  and  grandfather,  he  brings  out  clearly  the 
times  in  which  they  lived,  pictures  the  men  with  who^n  they  came  in  contact, 
and  describes  the  great  measures  of  State  and  Federal  policy  with  which 
they  were  connected.  We  cordially  commend  the  book  as  one  which  should 
be  in  every  library. 


FIFTY  YEARS  OBSERVATIONS  OF  MEN  AND  EVENTS— CIVIL 
AND  MILITARY.  Bv  General  E.  D.  Keys.  New  York:  Charles 
Scribner's  Sons,  18S4. 

The  publishers  have  sent  us  (through  West  &  Johnston,  Richmond)  this 
exceedingly  entertaining  narrative  of  a  gallant  and  distinguished  soldier 
wl^o  has  shown  that  he  can  wield  the  pen  with  as  much  facility  as  the  sword. 
It  is  a  gossipy,  interesting  book  about  men  and  things,  and  while  we  can- 
not, of  course,  accept  all  of  the  author's  opinions,  yet  we  are  pleased 
with  the  kindly  tone  in  which  he  speaks  of  many  of  our  Confederate 
leaders.     E.  g.,  he  says  of  Stoneivall  fackson  : 


576  Soutkern  Historical  Society  Papers. 

"The  conduct  of  Jackson's  campaign,  in  1S62,  between  Harpers  Ferry 
and  Richmond,  justifies  any  measure  of  praise." 

He  pays  General  Lee  the  following  tribute : 

"  The  whole  civilized  world  has  reviewed  the  career  of  General  Lee.  The 
qualities  of  his  mind  and  disposition  have  been  recognized  and  extolled, 
and  his  fate  has  excited  the  tenderest  sympathy  in  millions  of  hearts.  A 
character  like  that  of  Robert  E.  Lee  could  not  possibly  be  found  in  any 
human  society  in  which  the  laws  and  public  opinion  do  not  sanction  and  ap- 
prove of  marked  distinctions  of  rank  among  its  members. 

"  Lee's  family  was  of  the  highest,  and  his  cradle  was  rocked  by  a  slave. 
His  sense  of  superiority  and  fitness  to  command,  being  infused  at  his  birth, 
was  never  questioned.  From  infancy  to  threescore  he  knew  no  physical 
malady,  and  the  admirable  symmetry  of  his  person  and  the  manly  beauty  of 
his  countenance  were  the  aids  to  his  virtues  which  secured  to  him  tolerance, 
affection,  and  respect  from  all  with  whom  he  mingled.  He  passed  the  four 
years  of  his  cadetship  without  a  single  mark  of  demerit,  and  during  my 
long  acquaintance  with  him  I  never  heard  him  accused  of  an  act  of  mean- 
ness, tyranny,  or  neglect  of  duty  His  nature  was  genial  and  sociable,  and 
he  would  join  freely  in  all  the  sports  and  amusements  proper  to  his  age.  He 
was  exempt  from  every  form  and  degree  of  snobbery,  which  is  a  detestable 
quality  that  appears  most  often  among  people  whose  theories  of  govern- 
ment presume  an  absolute  equality.  He  was  a  favorite  with  the  ladies,  but 
he  never  allowed  them  to  waste  his  time,  to  warp  his  judgment,  or  to  inter- 
rupt his  duty.  To  whatever  station  he  was  ordered,  however  secluded  or 
unhealthy  it  might  be,  he  would  go  to  it  with  cheerfulness.  Every  kind  of 
duty  seemed  a  leasure  to  him,  and  he  never  intrigued  for  promotion  or 
reward.  Nevertheless,  no  man  could  stand  in  his  presence  and  not  recog- 
nize his  capacity  and  acknowledge  his  moral  force.  His  orders,  conveyed 
in  mild  language,  were  instantly  obeyed,  and  his  motives  were  universally 
approved  In  all  the  time  in  which  I  observed  his  conduct  I  was  true  to  my 
own  antecedents.  I  was  a  northern  man,  and  no  word  dropped  Irom  my 
lips  or  was  shed  from  my  pen  that  did  not  testify  to  my  origin  and  proper 
allegiance.  I  will  not  deny  that  the  presence  of  Lee,  and  the  multiform 
graces  that  clustered  around  him,  oftentimes  oppressed  me,  though  I  never 
envied  him,  and  I  doubt  if  he  ever  excited  envy  in  any  man.  All  his  accom- 
plishments and  alluring  virtues  appeared  natural  in  him,  and  he  was  free 
from  the  anxiety,  distrust,  and  awkwardness  that  attend  a  sense  of  inferi- 
ority, unfriendly  discipline,  and  censure." 

It  is  pleasant  to  read  such  a  tribute  from  the  pen  of  a  Federal  soldier,  and 
we  cannot  do  less  than  to  heartily  commend  the  book  which  contains  it. 


1996 


