Google 



This is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by Google as part of a project 

to make the world's books discoverable online. 

It has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain. A public domain book is one that was never subject 

to copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired. Whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country. Public domain books 

are our gateways to the past, representing a wealth of history, culture and knowledge that's often difficult to discover. 

Marks, notations and other maiginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book's long journey from the 

publisher to a library and finally to you. 

Usage guidelines 

Google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible. Public domain books belong to the 
public and we are merely their custodians. Nevertheless, this work is expensive, so in order to keep providing tliis resource, we liave taken steps to 
prevent abuse by commercial parties, including placing technical restrictions on automated querying. 
We also ask that you: 

+ Make non-commercial use of the files We designed Google Book Search for use by individuals, and we request that you use these files for 
personal, non-commercial purposes. 

+ Refrain fivm automated querying Do not send automated queries of any sort to Google's system: If you are conducting research on machine 
translation, optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful, please contact us. We encourage the 
use of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help. 

+ Maintain attributionTht GoogXt "watermark" you see on each file is essential for in forming people about this project and helping them find 
additional materials through Google Book Search. Please do not remove it. 

+ Keep it legal Whatever your use, remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal. Do not assume that just 
because we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the United States, that the work is also in the public domain for users in other 
countries. Whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country, and we can't offer guidance on whether any specific use of 
any specific book is allowed. Please do not assume that a book's appearance in Google Book Search means it can be used in any manner 
anywhere in the world. Copyright infringement liabili^ can be quite severe. 

About Google Book Search 

Google's mission is to organize the world's information and to make it universally accessible and useful. Google Book Search helps readers 
discover the world's books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences. You can search through the full text of this book on the web 

at |http: //books .google .com/I 



3 1+3 



WRITINGS 



OF 



DR. GEORGE W. BAGBY. 



SELECTIONS 



FROM 



THE MISCELLANEOUS WRITINGS 



OP 



- 1 ( " 

Dr. George w/bagby. 



VOL. 11. 



KICHMOND : 
Whittet & Sheppebson, Tenth & Main Stbeets. 

1885. 






Copyr1[^'X: - 
• •■»•• 

BY*. • 

Mrs. George W. Bagby, 
1886. 



Printed by Bcund by 

Whtttet & Sheppersox, Jekkixs & Walthall, 

Richmond, Va. Uicbniond, Va. 









TO THE READER. 



TriHE eager demand for the first volume of the 
"^ Wriiings of Dr. Bagby and the very high 
favor with which it was received by the press and 
public were readily recognized by his literary ex- 
ecutors as imposing on them the pleasant duty of 
continuing the publication. Accordingly, a second 
volume is here issued, the contents of which, like 
those of the first, are varied in subject and style, 
and without any particular method in arrangement, 
because no advantage was perceived in any attempt 
to classify the productions of a writer, one of whose 

characteristics — indeed, it may be said, one of whose 
charms — was a wide and ever-changing play of 

thought and expression. This may in part account 

for any inconsistencies of opinion or sentiment that 

the careful critic may note in this volume; but it 

should be remembered, in addition, that the period 

covered by these writings witnessed the occurrence 



VI TO THE HEADER. 

of the most momentous events that the country has 
experienced, and that transitions of thought and sen- 
timent were the natural and common experience of 
the times. 

Much of the literary material left by Dr. Bagby 
still remains in the hands of the compilers of this 
volume. Whether or not it will be given to the 
public in the present form will be for the public 
to determine. 

Richmond, Va., July 17, 1885. 



CONTENTS. 



Bacon and Greens 

Letters op Mozis Addums to BHiLT Iv\'ins, 
** The Southern Fool,'' .... 
The Local Editor Takes a Turn on the Ice, 

A Horrible Scrape, 

Married to the Man of Her Choice, 

Fray Devilo, 

The Union, 

What I Did with My Fifty Millions, . . 
Mozis Goes to the Guv'ner's Ball, . 

YORKTOWN AND ApPOMATTOX, 

The Man, the Bats, and the Owl, . 

The Steel Pen and the Hole, . 

Fill Joanses, 



1 
40 
163 
185 
191 
209 
222 
233 
241 
319 
326 
369 
374 
410 



BACON AND GREENS. 



" r MO be, or not to be, — that is the question.'' 
JL To be what ? Why, to be a hog. Now, do 
you know, that I have my doubts whether any lady 
or gentleman in this room would like to be a hog. 
A slab-sided, sharp-faced, four-legged, cloven-footed 
thing — the ^ abomination of Jews — covered with 
coarse hair and bristles, and with nothing to do, as a 
general rule, but to wallow in a mud-puddle in the 
corner of a worm-fence, and jump up, with a loud 
grunt, and scare people's horses. That, surely, fo 
not an enviable existence ! It must go rather hard 
to make a living by running one's nose into the 
ground. I would as soon practise medicine. 

And yet there are some decided advantages in 
being a hog. Your gas bills are very moderate; 
you have no use for a watch-pocket ; and, if you are 
a Southern hog, you are not apt to come under the* 
$20,000 clause in time of rebellion. Furthermore,, 
you are not compelled to wear, at the back or on top 
of your head, a great swab or dob or gob, and call it 
a waterfall or chignon. 

Still, it must be disagreeable to liave a pair of ears 
so long that they are always flapping in your nostrils,, 
and to be regarded by the community a& the embodi- 

*Wr?.ttenml86r). 



2 BACON AND GREENS. 

meiit of filth and voracity ; and to know all the while 
that the public estimate of your character is both 
unjust and untrue. I say, untrue; and, in the course 
of this lecture, I'll prove it. 

I will show, that so far from deserving the detes- 
tation even of Christians, the hog is neither dirty 
nor greedy, neither stupid nor stolid; but is, in 
point of fact, the most lovable, and by far the most 
useful of all animals, — man himself hardly excepted. 

It is true that the common middle-aged hog, such 
as you find him on the chestnut ridges of Old Vir- 
ginia, is rather a repulsive looking creature. But 
who that has ever studiously contemplated a litter 
of fresh pigs, as they are gambolling about their 
mother-dear, has not been forced to own tliat the 
sturdy little porker, — not the poor runt, with his 
hind legs draggling, but the bully of the crew, ever 
ready to fight, plump and fussy, always foremost in 
the trough, — is, take him all in all, a really lovely 
little beast. 

Consider the hog in another aspect, — as nature 
made him. Think of the wild boar of the Black 
Forest — gaunt and shaggy and savage, defying a 
hundred hunters, laughing at their spears, rending 
their strongest hounds, and even their horses, like 
rats, with his mighty tusks ; his eyes flashing fire and 
his mouth churning foam — the incarnation of fury, 
and of a courage to be conquered only by death! 
This, truly, is a noble creature, worthy the place al- 
lotted him on the scutcheons and crests of the proud- 
.est dukedoms and baronies of the mediaeval ages. 



BACON AND GREENS. 6 

As the innocent and rosy pig, therefore, and as 
the undisputed master of the feudal forests, the 
hog, you perceive, is by no means the foul quadruped 
which you have been accustomed to think him ; but 
what shall be said of him when we come to investi- 
gate his utilitarian qualities ? Therein he is incon- 
lestably and incomparably superior to all other ani- 
mals or vegetables whatsoever. This utilitarian as- 
pect we will consider further on ; for the present we 
will see what the books say about him. 

Our word "hog," according to the dictionaries, is 
derived from the Welsh '^hwch; " and if any of you 
will be good enough to pronounce that for me, I 
will be obliged to you. In his wild state the hog 
lives to be thirty years old ; when tame, he is gener- 
ally killed for bacon before he is two years of age. 
In changing from the wild to the tame state, some 
remarkable alterations of structure occur. The ears 
become less movable, not being required to collect 
distant sounds; the tusks of the male diminish, not 
being necessary for self-defence ; the body becomes 
more capacious, the limbs shorter and less muscular ; 
the animal becomes diurnal in its liabits, not choosing 
the night for its search for food ; is more insatiate in 
its appetite, and its tendency to obesity increases. 
These changes are permanent. 

Thus domesticated, a thoughtful and fair-minded 
observer says of him : 

" The hog is generally described as a creature of 
gross habits and unclean tastes, as having the senses 
of touch and taste obtuse, and even as being so in- 



4 BACON AND GREENS. 

sensible to pain that mice may burrow under his skin 
without his seeming to feel them. But these opin- 
ions are most unjust and incorrect. Far from being 
unclean, nature has furnished him with powerful 
organs of digestion, and his voracity is only the re- 
sult of the extent and perfection of his digestive and 
respiratory organs. Although one of the pachyder- 
matous or thick-skinned animals, the hog feels blow& 
acutely and manifests his suffering by loud cries. 
So far from being insensible to pain, the hog even 
suffers under the irritation arising from the punc- 
tures of gnats, mosquitoes, and other small insects, 
and endeavors to protect himself from their persecu- 
tions by rolling in moist places and covering himself 
with mud. Hence his seeming uncleanness." 

Now that is the opinion of a man of feeling and 
unprejudiced intellect. He says further : 

" The hog undergoes remarkable changes accord- 
ing to the situation in which he is placed. The 
breed or variety is easily changed ; none of the do- 
mestic animals so readily receives the character we 
desire to impress upon it, and no kind of live stock 
is so easily improved by the breeder." 

The number of breeds is immense, the most won- 
derful of which is the Pig of Guinea (not the Guinea 
pig), a variety little known, which has not one par- 
ticle of hair, except on its tail ; and this tail is long 
and red, and trails on the ground like a lady'& 
dress. 

The Mexicans have a fine race of hogs. Bullock, 
the traveller, says : '' The Mexicans are very curious 



BACON AND GREENS. 5 

in rearing and feeding their swine. An essential 
requisite in a Mexican swineherd is an agreeable 
tenor voice, in. order that he may sing or charm the 
animals into peace when they quarrel or fight, and 
lull them to sleep at proper times, in order to pro- 
mote fattening." 

As a lullaby, " Hear Me, Norma," is preferred by 

pigs to any other tune. In case, however, of a 

quarrel or a fight, the happiest effects are produced 

by whistling to them, "When this Cruel War is 

^ver." 

The diseases to which hogs are subject are measles, 
cholera, trichina, indigestion, inflammation of the 
lungs, and a kind of leprosy. Stock pigs, kept up, 
are most free from diseases, but are liable to dys- 
pepsia — the best remedy for which is charcoal or 
cinders ; and so fond are they of the latter that when 
a handful is thrown into the sty they will fight over 
them. When pigs snort or grunt, on being roused 
from sleep, it is a sign they are healthy. On the 
same principle, school-boys are never sick. 

With regard to the intelligence of the hog, I need 
only recall to your memory the learned pigs, who 
read the alphabet with facility, and even spell names. 
A case is recorded in Greeley's American Covflict 
of an aged literary female swine who solaced her de- 
clining years by reading the Debates in Congress ! 
But this is a slander on the sow. 

But all other traits, intellectual or moral, sink 
into insignificance when compared with his utility as 
an article of food and of commerce; and on this 



6 BACON AND GREENS. 

« 

head I have some new and striking views to present* 
I shall show that the hog is not only the parent of 
modern civilization, the occasion of the grandest 
geographical discoveries, the sine qua non of all 
newly settled empires; but the first mover and effi- 
cient cause of commerce, of navies, of armies, the 
creator of the belli(iOse spirit in nations, and the au- 
thor of the downfall of the Southern Confederacy ! 

Reflect, first, upon his eatableness. Think ! Brains, 
jowl, chine, spare-ribs, middling, shoulder, ham, souce, 
lard, leaf -fat, sausage, pigs' feet, cracklings, and event 
" chitlins " ! Every part of him is good, down to the 
very tail, which is the joy of negro children ! Can 
as much be said of any other animal under heaven ? 
As something to eat, then, the hog is without a 
rival ; and as a commodity of trade, he is the gener- 
ator of a tremendous business. Kentucky lives by 
producing him, and Cincinnati is composed entirely 
of him. 

There is yet a profounder view. Did it ever 
occur to you that, among the countless blessings 
which we owe to the Christian dispensation, there i& 
one which has never attracted the attention of any 
theologian, ancient or modern ? And what is that 
blessing ? I beg you to believe that I am in nowise 
profane when I declare that that blessing is 'tness 
pork! The reason why the Jews never became a 
first-rate maritime power was not so much because 
of their inland position as of their prejudice against 
swine. In fact, it was not until the days of Christo- 
pher Columbus, when the invention of pickled pork 



BACON AND GREENS. T 

■ 

was perfected, that great discoveries became possible ; 
and the early settlers of America took good care to 
bring the live hog over with them^ as their surest 
resource during the first years of toil and hardship ; 
for it matured quickly, required lees care than any 
other animal, found itself, and was least subject to 
accidents and diseases. 

Further : it is a fact not to be refuted, that people 
who engage in the pork business, whether as hog- 
producers or as sellers of bacon, are very apt to be 
successful. Still further: the nations, ancient and 
modern, which have been most successful and victo- 
rious in arms, have been invariably bacon-eaters. 
Hogs were so highly esteemed by the Greeks that 
Homer, in the Odyssey^ speaks of a hog-keeper as 
"the divine swineherd." Latin authors abound in 
allusions to the hog. Our word " pork " is derived 
from the Latin name for hog, porcus ; and "swill" 
is from suilla^ hog-wash. The hog was sacrificed to 
Ceres, the goddess of the harvest; and in Home, 
under the emperors, the art of cooking hog was car- 
ried almost to Virginian perfection. When, how- 
ever, the Koman people became epicures, and the 
Koman armies, ceasing to feed on bacon, took to 
canned fruits and potted lobster, they were easily 
overcome by the hog-eating Goths and Vandals. 
Rome fallen, tlie world relapsed into darkness until 
the light of the Reformation dawned in Luther, 
whose fondness for pork-steak is well known, and 
culminated in a man whose very name was Bacon — 
Lord Bacon. 



8 BACON AND GREENS. 

Coming down to modern times, we find the Eng- 
lish taking tiie lead among nations, not because of 
their roast beef, of which they boast so much, but 
because of their superior mess pork, which is the 
true secret of Anglo-Saxon renown. The Germans, 
also, are a great people, because they are the lineal de- 
scendants of the hog-eating Goths, and to this day are 
passionately attached to sausage and sourkrout. To 
<5ap the climax, the Irish, the most pugnacious of all 
people, not only feed on pigs, but actually sleep with 
them. Would you have evidence still more conclusive 
of the influence of bacon upon the belligerent capabili- 
ties of the human race, look at the late war. In the 
beginning, when our affectionate brethren came fresh 
from their codfish and clams, and our boys were 
<jrammed with the best bacon in the land, received 
in boxes from home, we "fiaxed" 'em handsomely 
in every encounter, and we continued to fiax them 
until we consumed our own bacon, and — thanks to 
the exertions of the commissary department at Kich- 
mond — ^were forced to subsist our armies on rotten 
Cincinnati middlings received from Nassau. Mean- 
time the enemy, penetrating deeper and deeper into 
the bowels of the land, began to get better and better 
bacon, and became more and more successful. Why 
were we unsuccessful in western Virginia, Maryland, 
and in Pennsj'lvania ? The editors and other great 
military critics have given, and will continue to give, 
many learned explanations. All stuff, I assure you. 
The true reason is this : outside of the Old Dominion 
the Army of Northern Virginia lived, not upon ba- 



BACX)N AND GREENS. 9 

-con, but upon captured beef, ducks, chickens, eggs, 
etc. Failure was inevitable. 

Look, again, to the Southwest, — to the armies 
under Sydney Johnston, Bragg, Pemberton, and 
Hood. They also failed, and why ? Because, in the 
first place, they didn't get as good bacon as Lee's 
army ; and, in the next place, the hog and hominy 
eaters of Missouri, Kentucky, southern Indiana and 
Illinois — our own flesh and blood, raised on the same 
meat — came down in myriads against us, and, plague 
take 'em ! they made us advance from Bowling Green 
to Savannah ! 

As long as Virginia bacon held out, we held out ; 
when that was gone, we were gone. And, that no- 
thing might be wanting to complete our ruin, Gen- 
•eral Hampton, in a moment of madness, rode to the 
rear of Grant's army and captured 2,800 head of 
Black Republican cattle, on which Lee's army lived 
for nearly six months. The consequence was, the 
instant the campaign of '65 opened the Confederacy 
•evanished up the spout in the twinkling of an eye. 
It was an immense and complete " sqush," and Yan- 
kee beef and the absence of Virginia bacon was the 
cause of it. 

Now, I think I have made out my case, and 
proved to your entire satisfaction that the hog was 
the occasion, if not the cause, of the discovery of the 
American continent, and as such the father of mo- 
dern civilization, the source of all national greatness, 
the secret of Southern, and especially of Virginian, 
:supremacy, and the indirect author of the overthrow 



10 BACON AND GREENS. 

of the Confederacy. This being proven, we turn to 
the next portion of our subject. 

It is morning, — clear, cold, sparkling, — an autumn 
morning. Come with me into the garden. The- 
frost lies heavy on the palings, and tips with silver 
the tops of the butter-bean poles, where the sere and 
yellow pods are chattering in the chilly breeze. On 
yonder fence hangs many a gourd, once green, but 
scabby now and nearly ripe. Across the walk, in 
that broad bed, " severial " paunchy " punkins " lie, 
half-wakened by the distant rooster's call. The lily 
and the rose, the tulip and tlie violet, tiie sunflower- 
and the hollyhock are dead. Beautiful, but feeble, 
they have perished early; and the humming-birds 
and the bumble-bees and the Juney-bugs, which 
knew them once, shall know them no more forever. 
One flower alone survives, — a sturdy flower, that 
scorns Jack Frost, — a remarkable flower, for it is at 
once a flower and a fruit, and it is all flower, and is 
its own bush and its own leaves. Let us reverently 
draw nigh unto it. Gods ! what a bud ! And see,, 
alas! how its gigantic petals have been pecked by 
the turkeys ! May we not venture to touch the 
miglity bud ! Heavens ! 'tis not a bud — 'tis a head ! 
Finer head Fowler the phrenologist never felt. 
How crisp and cool, how firm, and full as it were of 
brains this head is ! And what a peculiar whitey- 
greenish color, and what a still more peculiar sort of 
culinary odor ! Surely we have smelt it before. 
Yes ; this is the cabbage, sacred to tailors and to the 
Virginia dinner-table. 



BACON AND GREENS. 11 

Its name is derived from the French cabus, proba- 
bly from eabj old French for '' head," " top," *' ex- 
tremity." "But the form of the cabbage," says 
Todd's Johnston, "resembling a head, shows the 
Latin caput to be the true origin." Our field and 
garden cabbages, with their varieties, originated from 
the Brassica Oleracea^ or culinary cabbage, — an in- 
digenous sort of colewort, growing principally on 
cliffs near the sea. About Dover, in England, they 
are very abundant. In its wild state it has no ap- 
pearance whatever of a head, and the cultivated cab-^ 
bage has been regarded by some as a monstrosity. 
Mr. Amos says : " It is a most invaluable plant, very 
productive, accessible at all times, and an infallible 
supply for sheep-feeding in spring-time. Beasts and 
sheep are all exceedingly fond of cabbages." Dr. 
Lyndley says: "There are nearly 1,000 species scat- 
tered over the world, all harmless, and many of them 
useful." All cabbages require a good soil and plenty 
of manure; for your cabbage is a rank feeder and a 
great exhauster of the soil. It is not an uncommon 
thing for a cabbage-head to weigh from ten to twenty 
pounds, sometimes thirty pounds, and this exceeds 
the weight of Napoleon's, Webster's, Cuvier's, or 
any other human head. 

According to Sinclair's analysis, 7,000 grains, or 
one pound, of drumhead cabbage {Brassica Oleracea 
Capitata) contains 430 grains of nutritive matter, 
280 grains of woody fibre, and the rest water. The 
Virginia cabbage contains a peculiar ingredient, as 
we shall see after a while. Cabbages answer as a 



12 BACON AND GREENS. 

substitute for turnips in frosty weather, and make an 
Admirable change for cattle. Hogs prefer them to 
turnips, and they are excellent for calves and for old 
women without any teeth. " An acre of cabbage, 
therefore," says Mr. Brown of Markle, "is worth 
two of turnips, and is certainly equal to an acre and 
A half of carrots." 

Here the vegetable portion of our subject ends, 
and we approach that strange variety of mankind 
which is compounded of bacon on the one hand, and 
•cabbage or greens on the other hand. In the wild- 
est flight of imagination, who would ever have sup- 
posed that the savage boar of the German forests 
and the ugly pot-herb of the sea-cliffs of England 
would come together in the same dish to produce 
the Virginian ? So true it is that truth is stranger 
than fiction. I say, the Virginian ; for while other 
people eat bacon and greens (and thereby become 
very decent people indeed), the only perfect bacon 
.and the only perfect greens are found in Virginia ; 
And hence it follows, as the night the day, not that 
the Virginians are the only perfect people, but that 
they are a peculiar and a very remarkable people. 

In point of fact, the native Virginian is different 
from all other folks whatsoever, and the difference 
between him and other folks is precisely the differ- 
ence between his bacon and greens and other folks' 
bacon and greeins. How great this difference is, you 
.are by no means aware. There is a theory in the 
books that the superiority of the Westphalia and 
Virginia bacon over all other bacon is due to the 



BACX)N AND GREENS. 13 

fact that our hogs are not penned up, but are allowed 
the free range of the fields and forests. 

Well, the wheat of Virginia is not allowed the 
free range of the forests, yet it is conceded to be the 
best of wheat. The same is admitted in regard to 
Virginia tobacco. Dismal Swamp water sticks as 
closely to its bed as any other water, yet it is well 
known that it keeps sweet at sea longer than any 
other water. Virginia whiskey, Virginia peach and 
apple brandy, Virginia hog-fish and chub, Virginia 
oysters and crabs, and Virginia chinquapins, are in 
like manner better than all other whiskey, brandy^ 
fish, oysters, crabs, and chinquapins. Why is this ? 
You Virginians will say that we know better how 
to cure bacon, cultivate wheat, distil whiskey, plant 
oysters, and shake chinquapins than anybody else» 
That is a very conceited and a very superficial view, 
'Depend upon it, there is something in the soil and 
the air. I am convinced of this, because I have 
tried your famous Westphalia and other hams. They 
put 'em up in canvass bags, painted yellow, and they 
look mighty pretty and free from skippers when you 
take 'em out of the canvass bags; but, when you 
bring 'em to the table, they won't do — they won't 
begin to do. 

I tell you there is something in the soil and air of 
Virginia which imparts a peculiar flavor to the corn,, 
the chestnuts, the acorns, the grubs, the granddaddy 
long-legs, and other worms on which our hogs feed,, 
and makes our bacon the most remarkable bacon on 
earth. To satisfy myself on this point, I sent Lie- 



14 BACX)N AND GREENS. 

big, the great German chemist, specimens of cabbage 
grown in different parts of Virginia, with the request 
that he would analyze them for me. He very kindly 
did so, and sent me the result in the following note, 
written in French, and dated Munich, October 3rd, 
1865: 

" Esteemed Sir : I have received and analyzed 
with greatest care the cabbages which you have 
done me the honor to send me. Quantative analysis 
shows no appreciable difference between them and 
the European cabbages ; but the qualitative exhibits 
some very remarkable properties. I flatter myself 
that I have discovered a peculiar juice, which I have 
named Vessence Virginien'ne; and, in order to test its 
effects upon tlie human system, I caused portions of 
the cabbages to be prepared for the table in the 
manner which you describe as customary in your 
part of the globe, and invited a number of savans to 
partake of the entertainment. Digestion had not 
fairly commenced before each person present, includ- 
ing myself, felt an irresistible desire to break forth 
in praise of his Fatherland, as the best portion of the 
habitable world. Nor could we refrain from ex- 
pressing our unalterable conviction that the families 
to which we severally belonged were the lirst fami- 
lies in Germany. These effects continued with 
marked persistence until, finally, an excessively 
learned Doctor of Political Law, from Bergen-op- 
Zoom, who had eaten rather more freely than the 
rest, seceded from the table, and, returning in a 
short time, introduced 98 or 99 Resolutions in re- 



BACON AND GREENS. 15 . 

^ard to a doctrine, unheard of hitherto in these 
parts, and which he called ' State rights.^ This dog- 
ma, he insisted, should be adopted by acclamation ; 
whereupon a heated discussion arose, which was kept 
up until nearly every member of this impromptu 
Congress broke his spectacles in great wrath, and re- 
tired from the scene. These eflTects were never ob- 
,served to follow the eating of the German cabbage, 
which is a rpild and innocuous vegetable, inclining 
one to music, atheism, and lager bier. 

" With regard to the relative excellence of the 
several varieties with which you have favored me, I 
•cannot express any very decided preference, for fear 
of arousing local jealonsy. All of them may, with 
entire confidence, be relied on to produce the very 
curious chemico-political effects which were observed 
at my own table. But, anxious as I am not to of- 
fend your State pride, which I know to be excessive, 
I am constrained to declare that the best cabbage in 
the whole world is that variety which is grown in 
the garden of President Johnson, at the White 
House, and which is known as the ' Keconstruction 
-Cabbage.' Compared with this noble and whole- 
some vegetable, the Disunion Ingun of New Eng- 
land is but a poisonous weed, whose deleterious ef- 
fects upon the body politic, though they may not be 
immediately perceptible, will inevitably end in the 
total destruction of your republican system. 

"Accept, sir, the assurance of my most distin- 
guished consideration. 

" Juste von Lie-Big, BaronP 



. 16 BACON AND GREENS. 

Testimony so pointed from so high an authority 
sets the matter forever at rest; for no one, for a 
moment, will accuse Lie-Big of telling an untruth^ 
or suspect him of being a humorist. There is some- 
thing in the soil and air of Virginia which makes 
Virginia cabbages, hogs, and men different from all 
other vegetables and animals; nnd, inasmuch as soil 
and climate are permanent forces, it is but fair to 
infer that Virginians will continue to be a peculiar 
people, in spite of social convulsions and the influx 
of new elements, in the shape of immigrants, ready- 
made clothing, cooking-stoves, and other notions,, 
which are known collectively as Progress — with k 
big P. So long as we continue to raise our particu- 
lar cabbages and keep up our breed of hogs, we are 
safe — nigger or no nigger. 

Nevertheless, you are not to infer that the Virgi- 
nian is composed of equal parts of bacon and greens, 
and that he is, in point of fact, a sap-head and a 
glutton. Such a conclusion would not only be un- 
kind, but illogical. Drinking train-oil does not ne- 
cessarily turn a man into an Eskimo, nor does the 
eating of curry compel one to become a Coolie and 
worship Vishnu or Confucius. Still, there is a con- 
nection between diet and the ethnological character- 
istics of the human races ; and I take it for granted,, 
first, that a Virginian could not be a Virginian with- 
out bacon and greens; and, second, that in every 
Virginian traces of bacon and traces of greens are 
distinctly perceptible. How else are you to account 
for the Virginia love of good eating, the Virginia 



BACON AND GREENS. 17 

indifference to dress and household economy, and the 
incurable simplicity of the Virginia head? It has 
been affirmed by certain speculative philosophers 
that the Virginian persists in exhausting his soil 
with tobacco, because the cabbage he eats is itself 
an exhauster of the soil, and that, because the hog 
is fond of wallowing in mud-puddles, therefore the 
Virginian takes naturally to politics. 

I am not prepared to dispute these points, but I 
am tolerably certain that a few other things besides 
bacon and greens are required to make a true Vir- 
ginian. He must, of course, begin on pot-liquor, 
and keep it up until he sheds his milk-teeth. He 
must have fried chicken, stewed chicken, broiled 
chicken, and chicken pie ; old hare, butter-beans, new 
potatoes, squirrel, cymlings, snaps, barbacued shoat, 
roas'n ears, buttermilk, hoe-cake, ash-cake, pan-cake, 
fritters, pot-pie, tomatoes, sweet potatoes, June ap- 
ples, waffles, sweet-milk, parsnips, artichokes, car- 
rots, cracklin bread, hominy, bonnyclabber, scrambled 
eggs, gooba-peas, fried apples, pop-corn, persimmon 
beer, apple-bread, milk and peaches, mutton stew, 
dewberries, battercakes, mus'melons, hickory nuts, 
partridges, honey in the honeycomb, snappin'-turtle 
eggs, damson tarts, cat-fish, cider, hot light bread, 
and cornfield peas all the time ; but he must not in- 
termit his bacon and greens. 

He must butt heads with little negroes, get the 

worst of it, and run crying to tell his ma about it. 

Wear white yarn socks with green toes and yarn 

gallowses. Get the cow-itch, and live on milk and 

II.— 2 



18 BACON AND GREENS. 

brimstone for a time. Make frog-houses over his 
feet in the wet sand, and find woodpecker nests. 
Meddle with the negro men at hog-killing time, and 
be in everybody's way generally. Upset bee-hives, 
bring big wasp-nests into the house, and get stung 
over the eye by a yellow-jacket. Watch setting 
turkeys, and own a bench-leg fice and a speckled 
fihoat. Wade in the branch, eat too many black- 
heart cherries, try to tame a cat-bird, call doodle- 
bugs out of their holes, — and keep on eating bacon 
and greens. 

He must make partridge-traps out of tobacco- 
sticks ; set gums for " Mollie-cotton-tails," mash-traps 
and dead-falls for minks ; fish for minnows with a pin- 
hook, and carry liis worms in a cymling ; tie Jnney- 
bugs to strings, and sing 'em under people's noses ; 
stump his toe and have it tied up in a rag; wear 
patched breeches, stick thorns in his lieel, and split 
his thumb open slicing "hoss-cakes" with a dog- 
knife, sharpened, contrary to orders, on the grind- 
stone. 

At eight years old he must know how to spell 
h a ba, b e be, and so on ; and be abused for not 
learning his multiplication table, for riding the sor- 
rel mare at a strain to the horse-pond, and for snor- 
ing regularly at family prayers. Still he must con- 
tinue to eat bacon and greens. 

About this time of life, or a little later, he must 
get his first suit of store-clothes, and be sorely 
afflicted with freckles, stone-bruises, hang-nails, 
mumps and warts, which last he delights in trim- 



BACON AND GREENS. 19 

ming with a Barlow-knife, obtained by dint of hard 
swapping. He must now go to old-field school, and 
carry his snack in a tin bucket, with a little bottle of 
molasses, stopped with a corn-cob stopper, and learn 
how to play marbles for good, and to tell stories 
about getting late to school, — ^because he fell in the 
branch. Also to steal June-apples and bury them, 
that they may ripen the sooner for his big sweet- 
heart, who sits next to him. He must have a pop- 
gun, made of elder, with plenty of tow to "chaw" 
for wads; also plenty of india-rubber, and cut up his 
father's gum shoes, to make trap-balls, composed of 
equal parts of yarn and india-rubber. At the same 
time he must keep steadily eating bacon and greens. 
He must now learn to cut jackets, play hard-ball, 
choose partners for cat and chermany, be kept in, 
fight every other day, and be turned out for paint- 
ing his face with pokeberry juice and grinning at 
the schoolmaster. 

After a good whipping from his father, who 
threatens to apprentice him to a carpenter, he enjoys 
his holiday by breaking colts and shooting field-larks 
in the day-time, and by possum-hunting or listening 
to ghost-stories from the negroes in the night. 

Keturning to school, he studies pretty well for a 
time; but the love of mischief is so strong within 
him that, for his life, he can't refrain from putting 
crooked pins on the benches wliere the little boys 
sit, and even in the schoolmaster's chair. The result 
is a severe battle with the schoolmaster and his 
permanent dismissal. 



20 BAOON AND GREENS. 

Thrown upon the world, he consoles himself with 
bacon and greens, makes love to a number of pretty 
girls, and pretends to play overseer. Failing at that, 
he tries to keep somebody's country store, but will 
close the doors whenever the weather is fine to 
" ketch chub" or play knucks. 

Tired of store-keeping, he makes a trip, sometimes 
all the way on horseback, to the far South, to look 
after his father's lands. Plays '''poker" on the Mis- 
sissippi, gets cheated, gets " strapped ;" returns home, 
eats bacon and greens, and determines to be a better 
man. But the first thing he knows he is off on a 
frolic in Richmond, where he loses all his money at 
faro, borrows enough to carry him home and buy a 
suit to go courting in. 

He next gets religion at a camp-meeting, and loses 
it at a barbacue or fish-fry. Then he thinks he will 
teach school, or ride deputy sheriff, or write in the 
clerk's office, and actually begins to study law ; on 
the strength of which he becomes engaged to be 
married, and runs for the Legislature. Gets beaten, 
gets drunk ; reforms, all of a sudden ; eats plenty of 
bacon and greens ; marries, — much to the satisfaction 
of his own, and greatly to the horror of his wife's fam- 
ily, — and thus becomes a thorough-going Virginian. 

His name, for the most part, is Jeems — Jeems 
Jimmison. Sometimes it is rather a homely name, 
as, for example, Larkin Peasley. Occasionally it is 
a pretty and even a romantic name, as, for instance, 
Conrad, or, to speak properly, Coonrod — Coonrod 
Higginbottom. 



BACON AND GREENS. 21 

Being a married man, it is incumbent on Coonrod 
to settle down in life; and to this end he selects, 
with unerring accuracy, a piece of the poorest " hen- 
nest" grass land in his native county. The traveller 
enters this domain through a ric ety "big-gate," 
partly upheld by mighty posts, which remind him of 
the Druidical remains at Stonehenge. The road 
leads apparently nowhere, through thickets of old- 
field pine and scrub-oak. Here and there is an 
opening in the woods, with a lonely, crank-sided 
tobacco-house in the midst, looking as if it were 
waiting resignedly for the end of the world to come. 
He hears the crows cawing, the woodpeckers tap- 
ping and the log-cocks drumming, but sees no human 
being. Far away the roosters are crowing, and, per- 
haps, the scream of the peacock is heard. Slowly- 
sailing, white-billed buzzards eye him from on high, 
and make him nervous. Over the trees, he can't 
tell where exactly, come the voices of the ploughers, 
—"Gee," "Wo-haw," "Git up." He rides in the 
direction of the sound, but finds nobody. Anon he 
encounters an ox-cart, which turns aside for him. 
"Wo, Lamb!" "Come here, Darlin!" "Back, Buck!" 
"Back! I tell you." The driver touches his hat and 
says, "Sarvunt, marster," but is too busy with his 
steers to give any directions. And, when his patience 
is fairly exhausted by a succession of dilapidated 
gates, tied up with grapevines, and complicated draw- 
bars, which compel him to get down from his horse 
and fill his hands with turpentine, (for Larkin's ne- 
groes won't half skin the poles which make the draw- 



22 BACON AND GREENS. 

bars) — when the traveller is thus bewildered and ex- 
hausted, and half tempted to turn back, he is sud- 
denly relieved by an ebony apparition, resembling' 
somewhat a kangaroo, clad in a solitary, mud-colored 
cotton garment, split up to the arm-pit on one side, 
and dexterously kept in position by a peculiar up- 
ward twist of the shoulder on the other side. This 
black-legged little spectre pops out of a gully, where 
he has been quietly eating dirt, darts over the broom- 
straw, knocks down the mullein stalks, crashes 
through the sassafras clump, "skeets" through the 
brier patch, shoots around the plum bushes and up 
the lane, under the morillo cherry trees, disappears 
behind the fodder and straw stacks, winds in between 
the stable, corn-houses, hen-houses, the dairy, the 
smoke-house, and the kitchen ; and so, like a verit- 
able Jack-o'-my-lanthorn, with a nappy head, that 
resembles a diseased chestnut burr or part of the top 
of an old hair trunk, leads you up to the house itself. 
There the native Virginian, with a Powhatan pipe 
in his mouth and a silver spectacle-case in his hand, 
awaits you, and asks you to " 'light" and " come in " 
in the same breath. While a negro boy is running 
up from the "new ground" to take your horse, a 
mulatto girl is flying, with a pail on her head, to the 
spring for fresh water and a jug of milk. Two or 
three little negroes are chasing the chickens whose 
necks are soon to be twisted or chopped off with an 
axe at the wood-pile; ham is being sliced, eggs are 
frying in the frying pan, a hoe-cake is on the fire, 
another head of cabbage is thrown into the pot, 



BACON AND GREENS. 23 

somebody is sheeting the bed up stairs, and (before 
your leggins are off) the case-bottle is at your elbow, 
and the native Virginian has taken possession of you, 
as if yon were the Prodigal Son or the last number 
of the Richmond Enquirer, 

Meantime your arrival has produced an excitement 
among the small Ebo-shins, as you will discover the 
first time you step out into the yard. A number of 
wild, black eyes are intently watching you through 
the panels of the fence, and the conversation which 
ensues on your appearance shows the estimation in 
which "Ole Marster," as the native Virginian is 
called, is held by his young barbarians. 

" I lay you what you dar," says one, " dat dat ar 
man come all de way fi*om way down yarnder, clean 
to Rich'um." 

"I lay," says another, ''dat he war two par of 
gallowses — don' you saw de strops on his britchis?" 

" I spec," says a third, " dat ar man mighty rich. 
I spec he got bofe pockits full o' fopunsapuunies, 
and he gwine gin me two un 'um." 

"Shuh!" replies a sage little gizzard-foot; "shuh! 
y'all ain't talkin' 'bout nuthin' 'tall. Ole Marster he 
de richest man in de worl'. Ole Mars' kin buy a 
hom'ny mortar full o' dat ar man 'thout mivver 
payin' fur 'um, an' den forgit it, 'fore dat ar man 
know it!" 

We will not stop to describe his old weather- 
boarded, often wainscotted, house, with its queer old 
furniture and its old family portraits, which indicate 
for Jeems Jimmison or his wife a better origin than 



24 BACON AND GREENS. 

his name would lead you to expect. One peculiarity, 
though, must not go unraentioned. No matter how- 
small this house is, it is never full. There is always 
room for one more in it ; and, on special occasions, 
such as a wedding or a Christmas frolic, the number 
of feather beds, straw beds, shuck beds, pallets and 
shakedowns which this old house produces is literally 
incredible. To feed and lodge, if need be, the entire 
State is not a point of honor with Coonrod, but a 
matter of course — no other idea ever entered liis 
head. What is called " hospitality" by other folks 
is with him so much a part of his nature that he has 
no name for it (unless he keeps an " Entertainment,") 
and he never uses the word. How he managed, on 
a worn-out estate, to repeat, as it were, the miracle 
of the loaves and fishes, is a mystery which must be 
charged, I fear, to the "barbarism of slavery," for 
the art of feeding and lodging everybody seems 
already to be passing away. 

Nor can we stop to describe the good wife of the 
native Virginian, with her check apron, key-basket, 
and knitting sheath, — the pattern of domestic virtue; 
a matron, compared with whom the Roman matron, 
so famed, is as inferior as paganism is to the religion 
of our Saviour; the hardest-worked slave on the 
estate, — toiling, as she does, from year to year and 
year after year, for every human being, black and 
white, male and female, young and old, on the plan- 
tation, and yet a Christian gentlewoman, refined, 
tender, pure, — almost too good and pure for earth. 
Think what she has done for Virginia ! Think, too. 



BACON AND GREENS. 25 

that, under the new order of things, she also may be 
passing away. Of all the sad things which press 
upon us in these troubled days, there is none so sad 
iis this; no, not one. For without the Virginia 
matron there is no longer any Virginia; and with- 
out Virginia, what, to Virginians, is this world? 
Let us hasten away from the thought. 

In like manner, we must hasten away from Larkin's 
sons and daughters: the former brave and wild, — 
destined to run much their father's course; the latter 
unaccountably pretty, spirited and cultivated. If it 
be a matter of wonder how Mrs. Coonrod manages 
to get up such marvellous breakfasts and dinners out 
of her dingy, dirt-floored kitchen, still more wonder- 
ful are the girls whom she raises in her " shakledy" 
old house, ten miles from anywhere, and entirely out 
of the world. We cannot spare the time to praise 
the boys and girls, — the noble products of a social 
system which mankind has united to put down, — for 
the native Virginian, as we now find him, is almost 
entirely alone, his family being scattered far and 
wide — all married and thriving, except one "black 
sheep," who has taken to drink, to fiddling and to 
shrouding everybody in the neighborhood who dies. 

In person, the old man is above the medium height, 
"dark-complected," spare built, and generally long 
and lean in the lower limbs, — and that's the reason 
he rides a horse so well. His voice is loud, owing 
to a habit he has of conversing familiarly with the 
hands in the field about a mile and a half off. His 
vision is wonderfully acute, — partly from long prac- 



26 BACON AND GREENS. 

tise with the rifle, and partly from the custom of in- 
specting his neighbors' vehicles at incredible dis- 
tances. If he live on the side of the road, you will 
see him on Sunday eyeing a cloud of dust on the 
remote horizon. " Jeems," he will say to his son; 
"Jeems, ain't that old Peter Foster's carryall?" 
" Yes," says Jeems, without a moment's hesitation ;: 
"and I'll be dad-shim'd if that off mule has been 
shod yit." His accent is as broad as the nose of his- 
blackest negro. He says " thar" and " whar," " up- 
stars" and " down in the parster," talks about " keepin' 
a appintment," not next year, but "another year,"' 
when he expects to raise " a fine chance uv curcum- 
bers" in the "gearden," and a "tollibly far crap o' 
tubbarker." If he is a tidewater man, he does not 
say "chance," but "charnce," and, instead of saying 
tlie " har" of the head, he says " heyar." If he eats- 
corn-field peas much, he becomes a virulent Vir- 
ginian, and caps the climax of bad English by some 
such expression as "me and him was a-gwine a- 
fishin'." This he does, not for the lack of knowledge,, 
but partly because he loves to talk as unlike a Yankee 
as possible, partly because lie " don' keer" particularly 
about his language or anything else, except his 
political and religious opinions, and mainly because 
he is entirely satisfied (as, indeed, all Virginians are)- 
that the English is spoken in its purity nowhere on 
this earth but in Virginia. "Tharfo"' he "kin 
affbde" to talk "jest" as he "blame chooses." 

His individuality, his independence and indiffer- 
ence to matters on which other people set great store^ 



BACON AND GREENS. 2T 

is shown, not only in his pronunciation, but in liis 
dress — you see it in the tie of his cravat, the cut of 
his coat, the fit of his waistcoat, the set of his panta- 
loons, the reaching of his hair, and the color of his 
pocket-handkerchief — a red bandanna with yellow 
spots. But the whole character of the man is fully 
told only when you come to open his " secretary.'" 
There you will find his bonds, accounts, receipts, and 
even his will, jobbed into pigeon holes or lying about 
loose in the midst of a museum of powder-horns,, 
shot-gourds, turkey-yelpers, flints, screws, pop-corn, 
old horse-shoes and watermelon seed. 

(It is strange how this pop-corn and watermelon- 
seed carelessness crops out in the people at large. I 
could give a hundred examples, but will content my- 
self with only one. Will it be believed that the 
library and the collections of the Historical Society 
of the great State of Virginia, — a State transcend- 
ently rich in storied fame — will it be believed that 
this library and collection are so meagre that they 
are contained in a few wooden boxes, and that those 
boxes are or were lying, for want of a better place, 
in the basement of a private gentleman's residence ? 
Such, nevertheless, is the fact.* I have an object m 
making this statement. I am sanguine enough to 
hope that, somewhere out of the limits of our im- 
poverished State, I will find another Peabody, a Vir- 
ginian by birth, affiliation or sympathy, who will 

♦This Society is at present comfortably domiciled in room& 
provided by the Westmoreland Club, Richmond, Va. ; but it re- 
mains yet to be permanently and properly provided for. 



28 BACON AND GREENS. 

place the Historical Society of the Old Common- 
wealth on a firm and enduring basis, and, by this 
single act, make his name as lasting as the glory of 
the State itself. This hope may be vain, but I shall 
cherisli it until it is dispelled.) 

How such a man, with such a "secretary," can 
succeed in life, and liow, above all, he and the like 
of him contrived to play tlie part which they have 
played in the history of this country, is something to 
be accounted for only on the bacon and greens prin- 
ciple. 

Since the first settlement at Jamestown, when the 
hogs increased so fast that the town had to be 
palisaded in order to keep them out, Virginians 
have been well spoken of ; but of late, and since the 
downfall of the old Commonwealth, praise, in some 
quarters, has been lavish. Is it on the principle, De 
mortuis nil nisi bonmn, and because it is thought 
that Virginians are soon to be numbered among the 
races which have perished ? I trust not. But hear 
what has been said of them bv a Northern orator — 
the Hon. Henrv Clav Dean, of Iowa: 

" I dare speak one kind word for the oppressed in 
the very teeth of the oppressor. Since Adam took 
possession of Eden, no part of his heritage has given 
to man such an hundred vears of historv as that of 
Virginia, beginning with the public life of George 
Washington, and ending with the surrender of the 
armies of Gren. Robert E. Lee. The great orator, 
Patrick Henry, whose spirit lighted up the first revo- 
lution, and whose persuasive voice called armies up 



BACON AND GREENS. 29 

the valleys and down from the mountains to defend 
New York, New Jersey and Massachusetts from the 
invader's hoof, was a Virginian. George Washing- 
ton, who led those armies, was a Virginian. Thomas 
Jefferson, whose great soul encompassed the world 
and lifted its light upon a benighted age to teach it 
liberty, was a Virginian. James Madison, who en- 
vironed our rights by a flame of living fire, which, 
in the most ilhistrious periods of the past and present 
century, preserved unharmed all that was sacred in 
life and precious in hope — the Constitution of the 
United States, — was a Virginian. John Marshall, 
whose luminous mind, guided by immutable justice, 
gave being to a most profound and comprehensive 
judiciary, the bulwark of American institutions, was 
a Virginian. Henry Clay, whose commanding soul 
drew after him one full half of the whole moral and 
intellectual power of America, was a Virginian. The 
Lees — ^Kichard Henry, Arthur Francis Lightfoot, 
Light-Horse Harry, and his illustrious son, Kobert 
Edmund Lee, were Virginians. Thomas J. Jackson,, 
the great military genius of the western hemisphere, 
was a Virginian. The courts and the legislatures, 
the forums and the pulpits of every State in the 
Union, and of every government on the continent, 
have been adorned by Virginians. Their blood,, 
shed in noble defence of liberty, has fattened every 
valley, and their bones have bleached on every 
mountain, from Bunker Hill to the city of Mexico." 
I can imagine Larkin's smile as he reads, or hear& 
read, these compliments. He is simple-minded and 



•30 BACON AND GREENS. 

easily flattered ; but — the sop comes a little too late. 
We, who know him better, have no flattery to bestow 
on him ; on the contrary, if the truth must be told, 
we can but pronounce him as great a bundle of in- 
firmities, crotchets and vices as was ever put together. 
I say " vices." Does he not chew homespun tobacco 
inordinately and spit promiscuously? Does he not 
neglect to keep a set of books, and care more about 
giving good, dinners than saving money ? Was he 
not, in former times, in the liabit of whipping his 
negroes as often, almost, as his own children ? Did 
he not cherish the vile political heresy of State- 
rights, and, in his childish ignorance, proclaim the 
absurd proposition that Virginia, free and sovereign, 
«,ntedated the Constitution, and, with her sister 
sovereigns, gave that Constitution all the power it 
possessed ? Was he not a heretic in religion as well 
as in politics, and ever ready to maintain that the 
pulpit is no place for " Lessons of the Hour," and 
for the worship of national ensigns? Finally, instead 
of preaching, did he not practise the doctrine, " Do 
unto others as you would be done by," and hold that 
it was ungentlemanly to cheat, and wrong even to 
tell lies and to steal? For the life of me, I do not 
see how you are to flatter such a man. 

As for the crotchets of the native Virginian, they 
are no great matter. He will have his pets — his 
blooded mare, his favorite pointer, his pack of 
hounds, his game rooster, "Dominicker" hen, "crop- 
per-crown" pullet, muscovy drake, and a little lame 
negro, who lights his pipe with a coal of fire from 



BACON AND GREENS. 31 

the kitchen and pats " Juba" for him. But the most 
curious of his whims (and one which is somewhat 
rare among native Virginians) is a deadly hatred of 
liquor in all of its forms; an exceedingly strange 
whim indeed, you will admit, and one which, as I 
have observed, is generally accompanied by prepos- 
terous vagaries about the virtues of blood-root, puc- 
<;oon-root, " jimson" weed, white-oak bark, dog-wood, 
wild-cherry, Indian-turnip and wake-ro];>in. 

Notions like these may be tolerated, but who can 
bear the cabbage-head weakness of a man who will 
not consult his own interests before all other interests ; 
i^vill concern himself about politics when he ought to 
be inventing a new method of making doughnuts out 
of free-love, and looking, philanthropically, after the 
moral and intellectual welfare of the man in the 
moon ; and who is so incurably conservative that he 
won't fill up the mud-puddle in front of his gate, 
won't mend the lock on his back door, or whitewash 
his worm-fences, or paint his crank-sided carriage- 
house, or clean the teeth of his cattle with Sozodont, 
•or dress his field-hands in duplex-elliptic hoop-skirts ? 
What are we to think of such a man ? 

"A blunder," says Fouchet, "is worse than a 
crime;" and, in a worldly point of view, the native 
Virginian is a mass of blunders. "A persistent 
course of murder," according to De Quincey, " will 
inevitably end in procrastination," — the worst of 
crimes ; and procrastination is the grand characteristic 
of the native Virginian. He will not do to-day 
what can be done to-morrow, or do to-morrow what 



32 BACON AND GREENS. 

can be put off till the next day ; no, not though the 
whole world of prompt business men get ahead of 
him — not though the heavens fall and the lightnings 
descend and put out the other eye of his one-eyed 
calf. 

How such a man, so faulty, so simple-minded, so 
warm-hearted, so open-handed, and so what the world 
calls " lazy," succeeded in playing the part which he 
has played in history and exerted so powerful an in- 
fluence in the government of this country, is, I re- 
peat, a marvel which can be explained only on the 
bacon and greens hypothesis which I have broached. 
Look at the firm, tawny skin of his face, and if you 
are not reminded of pork about four days old, then 
your eyes must be even weaker than my own. 
Heaven defend me from irreverence, but I confess I 
never look at the august portrait of the Father of his 
Country without thinking of jowl and turnip " sallet." 
And that our fathers loved bacon and greens is proved 
by the fact that Chief Justice Marshall, dining one 
day with Nicholas Biddle, had his plate changed five 
times, and each time insisted on being helped to 
bacon and greens. In the nature of things, it must 
be a fact that Stonewall Jackson was raised on the 
best family-cured hams. How else could he have 
trotted his "foot-cavalry" so rapidly up and down 
the Valley ? I know that Joe Johnson loves good 
bacon, because he was born in Prince Edward, not 
very far from Farmville. Jubal Early, judging 
from his manly letters while in exile, must have 
been raised entirely on chine — ^back-bone. 



BACON AND GREENS. 33 

As for Robert E. Lee, there is a story in De Fon- 
taine's "Marginalia" to the effect that, during the 
latter part of the war, Gen. Lee lived exclusively on 
cabbage boiled in salt-water, and allowed himself the 
luxury of middling only twice a week. One day, 
while in camp, he invited a number of distinguished 
guests to dine with hiro. When the table was set, 
behold a great pile of cabbage and a piece of mid- 
dling about as big as the palm of your hand. Out 
of politeness, the guests all declined middling. Next 
day the General called for it. "Marse Robert," 
said his servant; "Marse Robert, de fac' is, dat ar 
was horrid middlin', an' I done 'turn'd it to de man 
whar I horrid it fum." General Lee heaved a deep 
sigh of disappointment, and pitched into his cabbage. 

That's the story, and a great many people don't 
believe it. I do; every word of it; especially the 
part about the cabbage. But I will tell you a story 
about Gen. Lee worth two of that, and one whicli is 
true; for I got it from an officer who heard Gen. Lee 
tell it on the very day of its occurrence. 

"Not long after the surrender, a soldier, ragged, 
haggard and dirty, rang at Gen. Lee's door and 
called for the General. He was shown into the 
parlor, and, in a few moments. Gen. Lee came in. 
'General,' said he, standing up as Gen. Lee entered, 
'I'm one of your soldiers, just from Point Lookout.' 
The General shook him cordially by the hand. 
' And I've come here,' he went on, * as the represen- 
tative of four of my comrades, who are too ragged 
and dirty to venture to see you. We are all Vir- 

TT.— 3 



34 BACON AND GREENS. 

giuian8j General, from Roanoke county, and they 
sent me here to see you on a little business.' He 
paused a moment, and continued. ' They've got our 
President in prison,' (here the large tear-drops rolled 
slowly down his hollow cheeks,) 'and — now — they 
— talk about ar — ^resting — you^ His voice here 
fairly broke into a sob. *And, General, we can't 
stand, we'll never stand, and see that^ His sunken 
chest heaved convulsively; but, choking down his 
6obs, and with his eyes still wet, he continued his 
little address, *Now, General, we five men have got 
about two hundred and fifty acres of land in Roanoke, 
— very good land, too, it is, sir, — and, if you'll only 
•come up there and live, I've come to offer you our 
land, all of it, and we five men will work as your 
field hands, and you'll have very little trouble in 
managing it with us to help you.' Still speaking 
through his tears, he kept on. ' And, General, there 
;are near about a hundred of us left in old Roanoke, 
and they could never take you there, for we could 
hide you in the hollows of the mountains, and the 
last man of us would die in your defence.' 

"Gen. Lee was affected to tears by the great- 
hearted generosity and devotion of this noble soldier 
:and his companions, but was compelled to decline 
his offer. 

" Still, the Roanoke hero would not give it up. 
With a great deal of delicacy, he intimated that the 
ladies of Gen. Lee's family would lack society on a 
lonely mountain farm, but said that the Springs were 
lard-by, and that, out of the proceeds of the farm, 



BACON AND GREENS. 35 

Gen. Lee and his family could afford to spend all 
their summers there, and thus find the society which 
those devoted 'field hands' did not dare to offer. 

'' But Gen. Lee was still forced to decline. Never- 
theless, he would not allow the brave fellow to de- 
part until he was better clad than when he came in. 
Scanty as was our great chieftain's wardrobe at that 
time, he insisted on sharing it with the Koanoke 
soldier." 

We must return to our subject. The theme, to 
me, is inexhaustible; not so is your patience. You 
see I have spoken of the native Virginian in the 
present tense, not in the past. Thank God ! I can 
do so; for the native Virginian "still lives." An 
impression prevails that tliis great original will soon 
be numbered with the brave men who were before 
Agamemnon, and that he is passing into history 
quite unconsciously to himself. I can see the old 
man as he sits by his deserted hearth, where the fire, 
made of his fence-rails, (for there is no one to cut 
wood for him,) is dying out. The coffee-pot, brought 
by the one faithful servant, sets on the " trivet" as 
of yore; but the purring cat, the little negro girls 
picking cotton, the clicking needles of the comely 
matron, and the wide circle of cheerful sons and 
daughters, nephews and nieces, with the welcome 
stranger, are gone. Gone are the heaped-up logs of 
hickory and the roaring flames, which once widened 
that family circle till the chairs of the whispering 
lovers touched the chamber walls; even the coals 
tinder the " trivet" are dead, the coffee untasted, and 



36 BACON AND GREENS. 

the single cake of com bread on the table is for- 
gotten. 

Poor old man ! The night is bitter cold, but he 
sits by the dying fire, with his head bowed in his 
withered hands, unconscious of the cold. The tall 
old clock has ceased to tick ; what recks he of the 
time ? The negro-quarters are empty, the old cook 
is asleep in tlie kitchen, — there is not a living soul 
in the house but himself. Without, the icy rain is 
pelting pitilessly, and the winter winds are sobbing 
as if in agony. The empty house shakes under the 
tread of the tempest, and there are ghostly noises in 
the lifeless, chilly rooms. Poor old man ! his good 
wife has not survived the shock of war ; his daughters, 
with their children, have fled for safety to the towns; 
and of all his bold sons, not one is left, — they are 
under the sod at Manassas, at Gettysburg, at Chicka- 
mauga. 

Poor old man ! Once only he lifts his grey head, 
— to look through the window-panes, blurred by the 
tears of the wintry rain. Over his frozen fields, 
where no crops are seeded for the coming year, over 
the dead waste of his neighbors' fields, over forest and 
mountain, over State after State, the vision of his 
thought extends; and in all that space, wide as a 
continent, he sees nought but broken and deserted 
households like his own, plantations devastated, in- 
dustry destroyed, masters impoverished and servants 
doomed to extinction, — a benign civilization over- 
thrown by one rude earthquake shock, blasted and 
obliterated, as if lightning itself had scorched and 
scathed the land. 



BACON AND GREENS. 37 

What a picture for his dim eyes, weary of the 
world, to dwell upon ! What hope for him, who 
looks out upon this wide-extended scene of sorrow, — 
thrice sorrowful because of the winter storm — thrice 
sorrowful still because of the contrast with the plen- 
teous, joyous days that are forever gone, — ^what hope 
for him but in the grave ? Better, far better, that 
he should be gathered unto his fathers ere yet the 
more evil days have come. Poor old man ! 

Poor old man ! Who says this ? Who desires to 
harrow up your feelings and to kindle new animosi- 
ties ? My friends, the middle-age chronicles tell us, 
in regard to the wild boar, that " what place soever 
he biteth, whether on man or dog, the heat of his 
teeth causeth an inflammation of the wound. If, 
therefore, he doth but touch the hair of the dog,, he 
burneth it off; nay, huntsmen have tried the heat of 
his teeth by laying hairs on them as soon as he was 
dead, and they have shrivelled up as if touched with 
a red-hot iron." 

Of this hot and touchy nature is the native Vir- 
ginian. 

Further it is said of the boar : " He hath a knack, 
when stabbed, of running up the shaft of the spear, 
so as to gore his slayer even in his own death-pang." 
Am I treading upon dangerous ground? Be not 
disturbed. The Virginian is not going to run up 
the shaft of the spear ; he is not going to gore his 
slayer, for he is not going to be slain. Not less 
brave than other men, he nevertheless objects to 
dying while there is anything left to live for; and 



38 BACON AND GREENS. 

there is something to live for. It is that "fair and 
abounding land" which gave him and his children 
birth, and which is now doubly dear because of the 
infinitely precious blood which has moistened and 
hallowed it forever. 

Moreover, the Virginian is the last man on earth 
to accept commisseration. Flatter and fool him, 
you may easily; but pity him, never ! He will none 
of it. Pascal tells us that " pity for the unfortunate 
is no proof of virtue ; on the contrary, it is desirable 
to make this demonstration of humanity, and to ac- 
quire, at no expense, the reputation of tenderness. 
Pity, therefore, is of little worth." 

The Yirginian, possibly, never heard of Pascal ; 
but he feels this in his heart, and he scorns your 

pity. . 

Lord Halifax says, " Complaining is contempt upon 
one's self," and therefore the Yirginian does not com- 
plain. He^ accepts the issue of the great struggle, 
not as the will of man, but as the will of Him whom 
he was taught to reverence and obey at his mother's 
knee. He was brought up to tell the truth, and to 
keep his word. Now that the hatchet is buried, the 
Virginian will keep the troth he has plighted to the 
General Government. Pest assured of that. 

Remember, moreover, that no kind of live stock 
is so easily improved as the hog on which the Vir- 
ginian subsists, none so readily accommodate them- 
selves to circumstances, and that the changes pro- 
duced by domestication and civilization are perma- 
nent. Pemember, too, that few plants are so hardy 



BACON AND GEEENS. 39 

as the cabbage, and none so vastly improved by 
transplanting. (This is the secret of the Virginian's 
success outside of his own State.) What is the in- 
evitable inference ? It is this : The Virginian will 
adapt himself to the new order of things; he will 
master the situation ; and, under the stimulus of Pro- 
gress with a big P, the size of his head (cabbage-head 
though it may be deemed by his foes) will astonish 
the moral agriculturists of all Christendom — the Cap- 
tain Wragges of Exeter and Faneuil halls. 

He loves the land which God gave him as a herit- 
age — ^loves it and is proud of it a thousand-fold more 
than ever. But he will not oppose Progress. If 
anybody wants his land, he will sell 'em a " tract " ; 
but he will retain enough to raise his greens and 
give his hogs free range, so as to keep up the quality 
of his bacon. He will welcome immigrants by my- ' 
riads and without fear, because he knows he can feed 
them on proper food and turn them into Virginians 
with surprising rapidity. 

In his changed estate — ^liis servants all gone — ^he 
will no longer be able to board and lodge the whole 
world; but he will be able to give his friends a 
hearty old-fashioned Virginia welcome, and a dish of 
real old Virginia " Bacon and Greens." 



LETTERS 



OF 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS 



INTRODUCTION. 

In 1857, I went to Washiugton to take the place of my friend 
Wm. M. Semple, as correspondent of the New Orleans Crescent, 
Two letters a week to the Ci'eacent, and three to the Eagle and 
Enquirer, a Memphis paper, left me plenty of leisure for other 
writing. I had never attempted anything in what is called 
** Dialect," but, haviog a natural turn for bad spelling, thonght 
I would try my hand. Accordingly. I sent the first letter of 
** Mozis Addums to Billy I wins" to John R. Thompson, who was 
then editing the Southern Literary Messenger. He printed it, 
not without misgivings, and its success amazed both of us, for it 
was copied all over Virginia, and in many papers outside the 
State. I literally *'woke up and found myself famous," much 
to my annoyance, for I was then ambitious to succeed in quite 
other and more elevated fields of literature. But the public 
would have its way. From that day to this I have gone by the 
name of " Mozis," and I am sure that, directly and indirectly, 
these letters have paid me better than all my other writings pnt 
together. 

Wm. CuUen Bryant complained in his later years that ** Thana- 
topsis," a production of his youth, overshadowed all his subse- 
quent efforts, however labored .'and meritorious. With much 
better reason, if I may be permitted to name myself in such 
company, may I complain that my best exertions have still left 
me plain *' Mozis Addnms," a name that for many years made 
me a little sick whenever I heard it. But at length I got nsed to 
it ; and now that age and thwarted ambition have brought me 



LETTERS OF MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 41 

humility, I say to myself, * * Well, it is something to have a name 
. at all, provided it is not a bad one. " 

The reader must judge for himself whether the fact be or be 
not creditable to the popular taste, but it is a fact that the Letters 
•of Mozis Addums added several hundred names to the subscrip- 
tion list of the Messenger, while the ''Reveries of a Bachelor," by 
Ik Marvel, which appeared originally in the same magazine, 
made no impression whatever nntil they were printed in book 
form, when they at once established the author's reputation as a 
man of letters, and paved the way to fortune. 

Messrs. West & Johnston published a small edition of the Let- 
ters in 1862, but they were sold mostly to soldiera in the field, 
and were soon lost or destroyed. 

Washington, when Mozis first saw and described it in 1857, 
presented a very different aspect from what it does now. Its 
population was not half so large ; the immense improvements in 
the grading, etc., of the streets had not been even imagined; 
Boss Shepherd was a little boy ; the great sectional war was, in- 
deed, contemplated, but as a thing of the remote future ; and 
the consolidation of the Republic into a Nation, with a perma- 
nent capital, destined to become an imperial city, was, to say the 
least, problematical. While the streets were undisturbed, the 
public buildings, including the Capitol, were being enlarged, and 
upon their summits were to be seen the derricks and cranes 
which Mozis likened to the triggers of immense partridge traps. 
The House was in the new hall, but the Senate sat in its old 
chamber, and the Supreme Court occupied an ill-lighted room in 
the basement just below. Congress was in the throes of the 
Kansas-Nebraska excitement ; the Democratic party was insist- 
ing upon the right of slaveholders to carry their slaves into the 
territories; the Republicans were resisting this right, and the 
rstruggle between the sections was rapidly approaching its final 
issue. Strange, it now seems, that men did not see and prepare 
for it ! 

Most of the characters who figure in these letters are real. 
Some of them have passed away ; but, considering the length of 
time that has elapsed since the Letters were written, a surprising 
number remain. The "beautiful little girl from Indiana" has 
left two charming daughters, who are nearly grown. **Oaus," 
the dearest friend that Mozis had, in spite of the jokes that he 



^2 LETfERS OF 

practised on him, has his place in life filled by two manly boys- 
and a lovely girl; but the *'TrungilR," including their father, 
who iH distinguished for his political writings, are all living ; so 
are the *^two pretty married ladies;" and so is the '^bald-headed 
gentleman," who is now the president of a large and flourishing 
college. The *^ Mince-Pie," or Avenue House, long ago ceased 
to be a hotel; the rooms that **Mozi8" and "Melloo" occupied 
on Seventh street are used for purposes of trade ; their landlady 
has retired on a competency, I believe ; the Congressmen who 
entertained Mozis with their dreams of power and purposed dis- 
pensing of offices when they should become President, are no- 
longer known in political life ; and, in a word, the flight of time 
has brought upon Washington and lis inhabitants the usua, 
changes. I wondet if, to those who have survived these changeal 
there is, as to the writer, the usual disappointment in life, — the 
shortcoming of aspirations. So far as fortune and reputation in 
certain pursuits are concerned, many of them, I am glad to say, 
have succeeded ; but I doubt if any one of them has achieved 
just the success which he then anticipated and desired. One of 
the Congressmen, I know, had every right to expect a political 
career of the greatest brilliancy, but has become a railroad presi- 
dent, rich, politically unknown, and perhaps all the happier for' 
being unknown. G. W. B. 

Richmond, December ^ 1878. 

FIRST LETTER. 

Fkom Fomvil to Washintun, by way op Richmun. 

Washintun City, Dec. the 14, 1857^ 

To MisTEB Billy Iwins, 

KerdsvUf Buckingame Cty, Ferginny, 

DEAR BILLY : You reelect lass summer, arfter 
I had puffectid my skeam and had detum- 
mined to go to Washintun city, I promist yon to rite 
freekwently if not oftner, and to giv you a acount uv 
all I seen and dun. Well, I've bin hear more'n a 
weak, and has writ nar time yit, for the resin that I 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 43^ 

has seen so much, and bin so busy I kudint think,, 
much mo rite. Billy, this ar the dirndest place on 
the fase uv the erth. But I'm a goin to begin at the 
beginnin. 

I took the car at Fomvil on Fridy, a onlucky day^ 
It were the fust time uvver I took the car, but I 
warnt skeered, becos I had seen the car a menyer 
time befo. The sensashun preduced upon the mine 
ar that uv rapid travlin, but no man, I doant keer 
how good a rethmetishun he is, kin count the pannils 
xiv the f ense a goin along. But the mile stones aint 
like it was in a grave-yard ; that's a lie, and aludes 
to the telegraf posses. The High Bridge didn't 
skeer me nuther, and I wunder it skeer ennybodyy 
fur the injine goes over it so slow that ef the blame 
thing was to bust thoo, we'd all be ded befo we could 
pos'bly git akrost. Bimeby we reecht the Junkshin, 
whar I techt about three fingers uv ball-fase whisky, 
which I kinnot admier it. Nuvver do you mend yo- 
drink at the Junkshin. 

Leevin uv the Junkshin, my hed a bnzzin with « 
the striknine whisky, we got upon the Daravil rode,, 
and thar the car farly ript it along, going a bumblin 
like litenin upon what they call the strop rail, which 
ar not a soUid rail, sich as they have on the Sowth- 
side rode, but nuthin mo nor less than a waggun tire 
nailed donn to a rarfter. 

I notist that the peeple in the car sot their eyes on 
me mighty keen, and fur a time I was alarmd, feerin 
I had let loose my skeam, whicli corntinually orku* 
pide my mine. But it wuz nutliin but the atentshun 



44 LETTERS OF 

which a stranjer naterally adtracks. I shill not dwell 
upon the minushee uv the jerney: sufice it to say, 
that, twards dark, we bulged down frum the piney 
ole feelds and the cole pitts to the ruvver, which we 
fikeerted with rapidity, the injine settin up a loud 
shout as we went howlin into the toun uv Richmun. 
Plegg take them bridgis! it takes no less than fo 
bridgis to cross the ruvver at this pint, and you ketch 
a site of toun jest in time to git intoo a nuther bridge 
and see nuthin. 

Billy, I kin not f urgit the howr I enterd Richmun. 
Ef the fac uv it bein the fast time I had paid my 
visit to a toun of great dimenshuns hadint bin the 
fac, the okashun wood still have bin momentious and 
foevver imprest itself upon my memry, from this 
suckumstunce, — I wuz skeered too deth — ^litrilly, and 
no jokin ; skeered too deth ! 

Skeerd? Mozis Addums don't git skeerd about 
nuthin. But I wuz tho'. I sot thar trimblin and 
sweatin, not knowin whether to move han nor fut, 
.wharas the rest snatched up thar little umbrellers 
and things, and put out like a gang uv wile turkies. 
I didn't budge. Sertny, I felt my insignifgunce in 
the midst uv them thousings uv rich merchonts and 
educated peepul, not knowin nar, single, livin 1 uv 
'em. But twant that that skeerd me, Billy, and I 
warnt afcard that sombody was goin to hert me, for 
I has bonier nuckles than most men, and you no the 
size uv the frog in my arm. It were the all-fired, the 
owdashus, and tremenjus noise that skeer'd me. It 
wus enuf to uv skeerd me. May be you've heerd 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 45 

two injins hollerin at wunst. You've heerd the wind 
bellorin in the woods like a bull travlin to a cuppen 
thoo a bresh pile, and peepul shoutin at camp meetin 
and 'lectshuns, and crows holdin uv a d^atin sciety 
in the evenin. You've hearn them things. Also 
you've knode the devil to git into the fowils, and the 
turkees git to gobblin, and the geese to cacklin, and 
the Ginny chickins to havin uv the hiccups all at the 
same time, hard as theykin stave. Well, jest imagin 
all them noises tangled up like a fishin line and comin 
right slap into yo' nakid ear when you didn't pretend 
to ixpec it. Taint nuthin, taint beginnin to be nuthin 
cumpard with what I heerd when the car stopt in 
Kichmun. And what you reckin this horrid rackit 
wuz when I come to find it out ? Why, it precedid 
frum a passel — I don't think thar wus mo'n two 
duzen uv 'em, but I kudent see strait at the time — 
about two duzen uv the wust, the durndest, sassiest^ 
bigmouthdist carridge drivers hollerin at the peepel 
to git to carry thar things, trunks and so foth, to 
the tavuns. Nuver, nuver, did I hecr the beet uv it. 
It mighty nigh distractid me — and I has sense bin 
told that thar is forty odd deef peepul in Kichmun 
and 9 in the loomatik from them very carridge 
drivers — ^but, for some reesin or ruther, I spose thar 
is a reesin, they calls a carridge in toun a hac. May 
be the carridges thar is made uv hacberry. I don't 
no. But them plegg-goned drivers ought to be whipt 
day and nite, pennytenchrid in fac. 

Kunsultin the importunce uv my skeam, and havin 
heerd uv the place befo, I went into the crowd uv 



46 LETTERS OF 

« 

them drivers all hoUerin "take yo' baggige, sir;" 
^^carridge, sir;" "hac, sir;" "Poter fur the Sin 
Charles;" "Poter fur the Merrykin;" "Poter fiir 
the Ixehairf," went right into 'em ; and havin gethered 
my senses, gradyuUy diseuvered the nigger uv the 
Ixchain and kollerd him. 

Sais I, " I want to go right home with you." 
Sais he, very plitely, "gimme yo' chex, 3'ung mars- 
ter," and I not knowin the meenin uv chex, foUud 
whar he pintid, untwel I cum to a splendid, paintid 
kind uv a sirkus waggin with a hcep uv winders and 
reel velvit seets on the sides, and steps to git up at the 
hind part uv it. But the Ixchain nigger he cum 
right behine me, and got arfter me agin 'bout my 
chex. Billy, the very devil wnz to pay, and I mighter 
knowd it fur startin on Fridy. T can't take no time 
to tell you what chex is. Think I hadn't lef my 
confoundid ole trunk, mar's best liar trunk, at the 
Junkshin ? Fust I wuz distrest, becos I thought it 
were lost, fur yoa know what wuz in that trunk wuth 
munny; then I snortid and kavortid and cussed my- 
sef into vulger frackshins. In the eend I paid a 
telegraf to the Junkshin, and the cussid trunk come 
down the rode the next morning befo day. 

The Ixchain ar a magnifeeshint bildin. Thar is 
two uv 'em, knectid by a bridge, which spangs the 
street, and which is better'n a' house in Buckingame 
county. One side the street is filled with 1 hous, 
and the other side is filled with tlie other hous ; the 
bridge jines 'em, is I sed. The hous on this side has 
pillers higher n a tree, and the hous on that side has, 



MOZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 47 

I recken, more'n a thousun winders. All Fomvil 
^ould git in that tavun, and it not feel it. Inside 
the hous, Billy, it jest dazzles you right up. Mar- 
bul floes, laid in dimunds ; lamps uv solid gold, hangin 
4oun like the branchis uv a white oke, and lighted 
'with what they call gas, a kind uv nuthin, like the 
iir, that smells very loud when it aint lighted, but 
when it is burnin makes every thing like broad day. 
Then thar is lookinglassis, framed in gold, big is the 
^ide uv a con-hous, and picktchers and paintins, and 
.a splendid bar-room and a dinin-room filled with 
tables, and mo niggers and peepul and trunks and 
Jiacs and sirkus waggins, (which is called hominy 
busses,) comin and goin and talkin and smokin and 
-drinkin and eatin and chawin tohackor and goin up 
stars and a comin doun and ringin uv bells, than you 
uver heerd uv. I koodent eat notliin the night I 
jgot thar, for lookin. Tliey've got a thing thar to 
tell when supper is ready, which is called a gon,* a 
round peece uv sheet-iun, a little bigger'n the hed 
uv a flowr harril. A n^ger comes along holdin uv 
the thing in one han' by a string uv twine, and in 
the other han' he's got a kunsern with a handil sum- 
thin like the handil uv a skroo driver, with the little 
•eend uv it stuck into a trabball. He knox the gon 
with the trabball, and I jes' tell jou it soun's mo 
like the day uv jedgment wuz comin than ennything 

***G^on." Gongs, once so coiiimon in aU the large hotels, 
haye gone so completely ont of fashion tha*^, in reading this let- 
ter in public, I have observed that the younger members of the 
Jiudience failed entirely to understand me, and of course could 
inot appreciate Addumb* ftright at first hearing one. 



48 LETTERS OF 

I uver lieerd. When I fust heerd it, my har riz up- 
like the teeth uv a wool card, and I was a heep ma 
skeered than when the carridge drivers wuz a hoUerin 
so at the deep O. But seein no body didn't mine it,. 
I nuvver let on, and you is the fust 1 I has sed a 
werd too about it. Don't tell enny uv them boys at 
Kurdsvil 'bout it. I koodent help thinkin what a 
fine thing that ar gon would be to skeer crows out 
uv a eonfeel with. 

I went to bed rite erly, ^or my e^-es wuz a akin 
and my hed a sizzin. Mr. Ballud, the tavun-keeper,. 
wuz mighty kine and perlite. Says he, " Mr.^ Ad- 
dums, I am a goin to put you in a high posishun,. 
whar you kin see everything." Says I, " I'm obleeged 
to you ;" and I follered a nigger up stars untwel we 
went eleen out uv site, and he put me in a long, nar- 
rer room, with a roun winder whar I could see, when 
day come, the tops uv a millyun uv houses, with the-* 
smoke risin out uv the chimbleys, and a peese of the 
ruver which rose- in the nite like a liun. The wash- 
stan uv the room wuz reeal jnogny, but it didn't have 
no marbul top, sich as I has sense seen ; the cheers 
wuz good cheers, nuthin extry ; thar wuz a carpit on 
the flo, no fire plais (but it warnt cole), and the bed 
miglity low doun to the groun, like a trundil bed. I 
likes, a bed that Stan's up like a man; sqotty beds 
soots wimmen, and fellers that's drunk and draps 
whar they falls, 'thout ondressin. But the sheets 
wuz linnin and dlishus. The pillars is too big — give 
me a little, easy, sortor mushy pillar all the time. 

* Mr. Addnms means roars. 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 49 

It took me nigh onto a our to git to sleep, and 
then I didn't sleep, but kep a wakin and a jumpin, 
my hart beetin, and I a thinkin obout my trunk, and 
what wuz in it. You kno. It come in the mornin', 
is I told you befo, and it wuz thar, safe and soun 
inside the trunk. Nobody hadn't tetched it. 

Billy, the peepul in Kichmun nuvver sleep. Oftin 
as I jumpt up in bed in the nito, they wuz comin' and 
goin, travlin up and doun the passagis, treddin on the 
heals uv thar bootes and makin uv too much noise. 
The Lord only nose what they wuz a doin, and how 
they does to do without sleep beets my time. Kuntry. 
peepul is bleest to sleep some, and me ptickly. I 
don't see no use uv havin up beds ef peepul don't 
sleep. 

'Bout lite, or a little arfter, I got up, washt ray 
fase, and eet brekfus with the passinjus goin on the 
car. Tried to git a tansy dram befo I eet, but they 
did'nt have none at the bar, fine as it wuz. Enyhow, 
I had a appy tight, and laid in some 9 spar rib with 
aags to match, — etcetry. Smokt a fine seegar at 
4punce to keep up my ca'ickter, but had ruther uv 
had a pipe with some plane trash* at nuthing atall. 

Holdin up my puppus in vue, I throde away about 
a inch and a half uv my seegar and set to biznis. 
Fust I inquide fur the Guvner. They tole me, but 
tole me not to go thar untwel 10 o'clock, and plegg 
take it all, I had to wait. Well, the Guvner lives in 
a right deasant sort uv a squar hous in one cornder 
uv the Captul Yard, and when I got thar at 10 

* Crumbled tobacco. 
II. — 4. 



50 LETTERS OF 

o'clock he warnt thar. So I asked for ole Mr. Eicliy, 
whar he lived, and they tellin me, and I folrin uv 
thar drecksliins got into Main street, whar thar was 
so menny sines and things that I got lost. Then I 
sees a young man, a dark complected feller he were, 
and had 1 uv them swelled faces that comes uv 
drinkin uv whisky or havin uv the tooth-ake. I sais 
to him, I sais: 

"Kin you tell me whar the Inquirer Offis is, whar 
Mr. Kichy lives ?" 

And he lookin uv me plum in the eye, sais nuthin. 
Pres'ntly he remarkt, he sais, very perlite, sais he: 

" You see that ar tall hoiis over thar witli the flag 
a flyin from the pole?" I sais, "yes." "Well," he 
sais, "that's the Merrikin hotel,^ and you jes go 
down the side uv it till you cum to ^nuther pole, 
something like that on top the hotel, only the flag 
aint thar, but the streaks uv the flag is ropt round 
the pole, painted like. That's the Inquirur Offis, 
certin." 

I goes down, and wlien I gits to the pole, I knox. 
They sais " cum in," and openin uv the winder I sees 
a heap uv lookin glasses, two or three likely m'latter 
boys, with kombs in thar har and apurns on, and a 
fellow standin befo a glass tying uv sumthin round 
his neck. 

■^'Ar this the Inquirur OflSs?" 1 sais. 



"" The American Hotel of that day was on the corner of Main 
•and Eleventh streets, where Levy's great dry goods store now 
stands, and was kept, I believe, by Mr. Duval, or possibly, by 
Milde burger Smith. 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 51 

The m'latter boys they lafft, but the fellow at the 
glass sais, 

" Yes, this is the Inquirur oflBs. What kin we do 
for you ?" he sais. 

"I want to see the editer." 

« Well, he aint here." 

"Wharishe?" 

" He's ded and berrid — berrid bout a f ortnit ago." 

That flustrated me a good eel, and I didn't know 
what to do, but jest to be sayin sumthin, I sais : 

" What did he die uv ?" 

"Well," he sais. "I can't say that I igzackly 
know, but ef you want to subscribe, I'll take yo 
munny jest as ef he wus livin." 

I tole him, "No, I dinn't rede mighty well, and 
hadn't no munny to spar." 

With that follerd a considerbul uv talk betwixt 
us ; he apeerin very ankshus to fine out my biznis, 
and I not lettin on. I has sense learnt that that 
warnt no Inquirur OflSs atall, but a barber's shop. 
So I didn't see the Guvner, nor Mr. Eichy nuther. 

Arfter I left the barber's shop, I reckin I went 
into 20 bar rooms looking fur editors, and bein 
constuntly fooled ; fur the peepul uv Kichmun has 
no better sense than to think it mighty funny to 
fool foax from the kuntry. But I did git to see 
sum editors, and had some chat with um, but as I 
wus afraid to let out about my skeam, I didn't learn 
nuthin what I wantid. 

Bein satisfide I couldn't do no biznis, I startid 
roun to see the curostis. They told me Kockits 



52 LETTERS OF 

were [a pritty plais, and I went thar, and seen a 
number uv sale vessils, wliich is amuzin to a man 
that nuver seen nun befo, but aint so mighty pritty 
nether. The merchant's mills, in my opinyun, is the 
best lookin things in Eichmun. By George! they 
is busters. Billy, thar is mo brik in one uv them 
mills than in Fomvil and Ciry put together. 

I heerd thar was some fine grave yards in the 
sububs uv the sitty, but I didn't go to nun uv um,. 
pref earing a sirkus, which thar want enny in town. 

The Captul bildin, whar they make the lors, aint 
is hansum is the Ixchain. Inside uv it thar is a 
likeniss in white rock uv Ginriil Washintun, with a 
kane in his han and a plow pint, and sum mo things 
at his feet. T seen no ubjeckshun to this likeniss,. 
exceptin they have drawd his stock ruther tite, givin 
nv a choked look to him. On the fur side uv the 
Captul I found two tremendns brass men, histed on 
the bottom part uv the banisters uv the steps.* One 
was Potric Henry, and the uther wus Tom Jeff sun. 
Potric Henry wus a orrytur, and Tom Jeffsun he 
was the fust dimmycrat, 'cept one, which is Abyham,. 
which didn't beeleve in no guvermint atall, but 
went wharuver he dura pleased and didn't pay no 
taxis. 

In lookin at these gentilmen, I wuz struck by the 

* If I remember rightly, the bronzes of Henry and Jefferson 
were placed first upon the *' banisters, ^^ as Mozis oaUed them, of 
the steps at the western entrance to the Capitol, and the eqnes- 
trian of Washington lay for some time in a huge box tilted ap 
against the present monument 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 53 

fac how much bigger peepul used to be than they is 
now. And I atributed the fallin off on our part to 
the use of bad sperits. 

Goin on a leetil further from the brass men, is 
what they calls the Washintun monumint, and on 
the rite side uv it the biggest box I uver heerd uv, 
tilted up agin the monumint. Inside uv this box 
they tole me wuz anuther likensis uv Ginrul Wash- 
intun, straddlin uv a rarrin boss. I reflectid apun 
the suckumstunce a good eel, and cum to the de- 
tumination that ef the olo Ginrul wuz alive to see the 
wickidniss uv these times, he'd be rarrin instid uv his 
boss. But I dimno, — ^peepul always thinks these 
times is wuss'n them times. 

Thar is a crowd mo uv things, Billy, to tell you 
uv in Eichmun, but I shill not till you uv um now. 
When we all gits together agin, I shill tell you. But 
the wust uv it all cum about by my runnin aroim to 
see the things, and the fust thing I node it wer nite. 
I had dun miss my dinnir, which they made me pay 
fur it all the same like I had eet it. This is cheet- 
ing uv the wust kine. But Mr. Ballud he didn't 
seem to agree with me on this pint. But he didn't 
make nuthin out'n me at supper. I jest tell you I 
laid in a kord. 

That big red-face feller which invegild me into 
the barbershop in the mornin, he wuz thar, and sot 
right acrost the tabil frum me. Seein uv me how I 
eet, he spoke up mighty peart, he sais : 

"You don't seem to have no appy tight." 

I sais to him, "No, and ef I didn't have no mo 



54 LETTERS OF 

appytiglit than youVe got mannus, livdn would be 
cheap whar I wuz." 

I sed this mighty perlite and meely-moutht, but he 
seein nv a kind uv a growl in my eye, shet up. 

Arfter awhile 1 wnz out on the steps smokin uv a 
seegar, he cum at me agin. I wuz lonesum, and 
warnt sorry he cum. 

" Stranjer in the city, I pesume," he sais. 

I sais, " Yes." 

S'e, "Buying uv goods?" 

S'l, "No." 

S'e, " Leave yo f am'ly well ?" 

S'l, "Tollibul, I thank you." 

S'e, " I woodent take you to be a marrid man, ser, 
you look mighty young." 

S'l, " You rite. I aint marrid yit." 

Arfter that he didn't say no mo fur sum time. 
Peard like he wuz studyin about sumthin. Presn'ly 
he commenst agin, he sais: 

S'e, " Goin back to Fluvaner in the mornin ?" 

S'l, " I thank you, ser, I don't live in no sich place 
as Fluvaner, and I aint a going back in the mornin. 
I'm a travlin." 

S'e, " Fur yo helth ?" 

S'l, " Skeersly." 

He sliet up agin. Pritty soon — 

S'e, " Sold yo mules ?" 

S'l, " How in the name o'sense did you kno I had 
eny mules ?" 

S'e, " Oh, we foax in town nose everything. Did 
you git a good prise ?" 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 55 

S'l, "Only far— well, frura far to raiddliri'?" 
But how he uver come to kno about them mules I 
sold your par is a raistry to me. He walkt off like 
he was goin away, but all of a suddin he turned 
roun and sals: 

S'e," How'dyou like to take alittle turn this ev'nin ?" 

S'l, " Turn at what ?" 

S'e, " Tapistry, velvit." 

S'l, " I don't ketch yo meenin." 

S'e, " Gran plazzer, copper in the vessil, f 'roshus 
animil in the jungil. You kno." 

S'l, "Mistur, I don't understan French, and you 
kno it, and ef you think you're goin to redikewl me, 
you'll find you've got the rong sow by the year. I'm 
a mighty chicken-harted man, but thar is some things 
I won't put up with, as you'll find out pritty durn 
quick ef you keep a foolin arfter me." 

Then he beg'd my pardin — sed he didn't meen to 
hurt my feelins, and all that. But I told him to 
clear out, I didn't want no more to do with him. 
And I didn't, for you kno, Billy, that when I'm mad 
I'm mad. 

That was the last I seen uv him, and the last ad- 
vencher I had in Kichmun, from which I shuck off 
the dust uv my feat the follorin mornin, taking the 
North car a leetil arfter sun up. 

But what do you expect "f 'roshus animil in the 
jungle" is? 

Why, it Stan's for " tiger," whicli is the name of a 
cheetin' gaim uv keerds, which you gits chawed up 
by it, like a tiger had holt of you. And that feller 



56 LEITERS OF 

that got after me wuz what they calls a "stewed 
pidgin','' or suniethin' like that, which I never 
know'd befo' that cooked vittles agreed with tigers. 
But even squobs is onhelthy to most peepul, much 
mo' tigers. I know'd a 'oman that mighty nigh died 
uv squob, and didn't eet but bar'ly seven at a time 
neither. 

Yo afecks'nit fren, trooly, Mozis Addums. 



SECOND LETTER. 

Washintun. Mb. Addums Finds it Difficult to Obtain Bode. 

DEAR BILLY : Thar is two ways uv goin f rum 
Kichmun to Washintun; uv coas T took the 
rong way. Ef you go by one way, you kin see 
Mount Vurnun in a steembote whar Ginrul Washin- 
tun were born ; on the other rode, its all rode and no 
water. It follers that I didn't lay ize on the berth 
plais uv the farther uv his country, but went along 
all day untwell we cum to Ellicksandry, a toun that 
ridin a hominbus thru doant apeer to be much. 
Kuther dry, ruther dry, and litteegin to live in fer 
enny length uv tiem I should say. As fer biz- 
ness, I rekin its a right peert place, jedgin from the 
sale vessils in the ruver, and tlie best uv peepul live 
thar on nothin a year. 

To git to Ellicksandry, you got fust to git on the 
Centrul rode and then on the Orringe rode, which it 
brings yew finally to the pint ; passin sum po, flat 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 57 

Ian, and agin a trac uv tip-top roUin country, with 
mountings in the distans. Besides the Ian and the 
rode running strait is a arrer, thar aint so mighty 
much to reckraend this rowt, ixceptin it ar wun thing : 
Billy, konshentshusly, thar kin mo pritty gearls be 
seen on this rode then I reckin in the hole wirld, and 
it bein uv a good thing to see um eny tiem, it ar 
p'tickly so in cummin to Washintun, which it is the 
po'ist plais for pritty gearls I uver seen, and that's 
sayin uv a heap fur a man born and raist on Willis's. 
Thar is a appinted time evry day for the cars to past 
the deepos, and knowin uv this the gearls asembils 
thar in sich numbus and vriety that it acurd to me 
that thar must be a bodin school evry ten miles along 
the rode. Certny, from sum caws, thar is a cuyus 
klectshin uv luvli yung wimmin at these pints. 

Leevin Ellicksandry, you takes a steembote, the 
fust I were uver on, havin seen wun at Kockitts a 
good eel biggern this wun. Oneesy way uv travel- 
ing are a steembote, w^hich it shakes with venjints in 
its innards all the tiem, like it had a agur ; and the 
water below weighs you doun in yo' mind, becaws ef 
the consern gits Mode up, it is boun to droun you 
certin, ixceptin you wuz a mity good swimmer, whicli 
I ain't, bein snbjic to the cramps uv the legs in a 
ordnerry milpon. It's 7 miel to Washintun on the 
kontinyully tremblin steembote, but it don't look 
nigh so fur up the river, which it is broad here is* 
a hundud Appymattuxes at Fomvil, and nuthin to 
intrupt the view but a few passin sale vessils. 

* Mister Addums frequently uses ** is** in place of ** as." 



58 LETfERS OF 

The steembote skufflin along the buzzum uv the* 
P'tomuck like a snaik dockter, I stud and lookt at 
Washintun, and lookt at it, and lookt at it. Billy,. 
it sliines in the distans uv a wintry evenin with a. 
strange sort uv look. Thar it is, the grate big sitty 
stretcht out upon the groun, with splendid bildins- 
and steeples and monyumints, lookin like a picktcher,. 
which you know is reel ; and how all uv it got thar,. 
you don't know ; and who's thar, and what's goin tO' 
bekuni uv you thar, you don't know ; and yon f eeL 
sorry for yourself, home is so fur away, tho you left 
it like yistiddy. How it is with uther pcepul, I can't 
say; but with me goin into a big sitty is atendid; 
with a sense uv fear and danger, which is vague, and 
all the worse for bein so. The housis look mitey 
fine, but the sky over the sitty and back uv it is- 
dark and distrest. But the bottim part uv the sky 
evrywhar is sad, evin in the mornin at sun up, ef 
you look at it good. I don't understand it. 

Seein Washintun in the ginrul, you don't know 
what you see, unless thar is somebody thar to tell 
yew. I were too much ockyupied lookin, I didn't 
ass no questuns. What most ingaged my atenshun, 
wuz the marvel bildins, and a thing that when I 
cum to find it out were anuther Washintun monyu-^ 
mint, the same as tliat in Kichmun, bilt in memory 
uv Ginrul Washintun, only this wun is a heep higher 
and diflfrintly shapt. A tremenjns tall, squar post 
uv white rock, this wun is, with the frame uv a meat 
lious on top uv it. It sits on the ruver bank, and a 
loncsomer, outlandisher thing you can't imagine. It 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 59* 

taint finisht yit by a long shot. They tell me its to 
be 600 feet high, and were risin rapidly untwell the- 
No-Nuthins got hold uv it and stopt it, sense which 
nobody goes anear it, and it stans thar like the pizea 
tree we read uv in jografy, which peepul are afeard 
to breethe the ar in the naborhood uv it. I declar 
pentedly, it ar a shame for the Amerrykin peepul to* 
do in this way. 

Next to the desertid monyumint, my mine wuz: 
drawd to the Capitul — Capitul uv the hole United 
States ; a snpub eddyfiss, which I wont discribe at 
this tiem. The reesin why I don't it aint finisht* 
In fac, Billy, nuthin aint finisht in this toun, ixcept 
it is roskallity, which it is the only thing thar is no 
need uv eny f uther apropriashuns for the ixtenshin uv. 

When the bote recht the warf (warf is sum bodes 
nailed doun on sum stobs stuck in the bottum uv the 
ruver, running out from the bank, whar you stop 
and hitch the bote and git off at,) thar insude another 
seen, as the Him Book says, uv kunfewshun and 
creecher cumplaint, with hax, and hac-drivers holrin, 
and homnybusses and peepul gittin oflT, sumthin 
like at the deep O in Eichmun, but not so bad and 
terryfine to a body. Now I didn't kno nuthin boat 
Washintun, and didn't kno war to go to git to stay 
all nite, so I stretcht my ear and skun my eye, and 
nuvur let on but what I were intily soun on the goos,. 
all rite, up side up, good aag. 

A f ello goin by sais to anuther folio, he sais : 

"D'ew you recken he'll be at Broun's?" 

The uther f ello sais : 



■60 LE1TER8 OF 

" Well, I dunno ; I rcckin so ; Broun's is a Suthun 
hous, yon kno." 

And they went on, and I went rite arfter, gittin 
into Broun's hominybns, for I liked the name uv 
Broun, it soundid so natchrul. But I didn't ixpeck 
thar wuz a man uv that commun naim in a big sitty 
like Washintun. It jes shows how fur from the fax 
uv the kais a man's idees is which spens his dais at 
hoam, sein only his akewaintunsis. Peepul is peepul, 
Billy, every whar, and they aint much bigger nor eny 
better one plais than annther ; ef enything, they are 
wusser and littler. 

Don't you think I had unother fuss about my chex 
(a chek ar a roun, or squar, or dimunt shapt peece 
uv mettil, puter sumtimes, but ginyruUy brass — a 
brass reseat the trunk man gives you fur yo' trunx 
when you git in the car, which you must give it back 
to him again befo you kin git you trunx,) arfter all 
my sufrin in Richmun ? Its the truth, Billy, ef uver 
I tole it; und it cum, is I sed befo, uv startin on 
Fridy. I orto give up my chex to a man on the 
Bteemebote, which clex um. I wont narrate the 
botherashun uv it all; but it perswadid me more 
and more uv the vally uv that that wuz inside the 
trunx that give me so much trubble. I sais no mo' 
at present. 

Way went the hominybust goin to Broun's, hax 
f olrin behine, and sum runnin ahed, grate nois inside, 
and the travelers sayin uv nuthin to 1 nuther, but 
lookin out the winders to see what they could see. 
Thar is housis and peepul, uv cose, but nuthin wuth 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 61 

menshuin, untwel you git to the Smithsoniun Insti- 
teut, which is on yo' lef haa is you go to Broun's. 
This manshin are not a gearl's skool, like the Buck^ 
inghame Institeut, but what the meaning uv it is 
don't appear to be ginrilly understood. Fum awl I 
cood gether, the objic is to tend to the wether y 
you've heerd uv the cluk uv the wether; well, he 
lives in this buildin, sumwhar ; it bein very large 
nobody don't very often lay eyes on him. In regard 
uv its exturnels, the Institeut remines me uv a par uv 
casters. Its culler is red, and when I has lookt at it 
freekwently, it looks like a hole passel uv steepils 
had got lost, and were kunsultin together how to git 
back to the cherchis whar they belongd. But I shill 
have more to say on this pint in anuther letter. On- 
queschinubbly, it are a strange kunsern. 

When we got to Broun's, which we did pretty 
soon, I felt a f eelin uv aw, for it wer a imment& 
struckcher. Its length, Billy, is nerely a squar (but 
you don't know what a squar in a sitty is ; I'll tell 
you sum these tiems), and its about is high is you 
can fling a rock; bilt all uv white marvel the frunt 
uv it, the bak uv it bein common brik, and not so 
high in the ar. Inside thar wuz the same crowd and 
the same fuss that I tole you uv at the Ixchange in 
Kichmun, only at Broun's evrybody wuz a grate man. 

I liked Mr. Broun. He's a small man, with sandy 
whiskers on his jaw, drest jam up, and very perlite. 
I put my name doun on his book, in my best ritin^ 
with pekewlyer sattisfacshin. I foUerd a I'shmun up 
stars, loaded with my trunx, ixpectin the same gran- 



*62 LETTERS OF 

jer of marvel I had seen on the frunt uv the hous to 
pervale errywhar. But I wuz dlsapintid, cummin 
to my room, and struk with reel wunder and delite. 
Evrything wuz so intily natchrul, for a moment I 
didn't kno wha I wuz. " Ar this a room in Broun's 
marvel pallis !" I ass'd myself. " Whar is the fash- 
nnubble trundle-bed with roUin f ootbode ! whar the 
marvel- top washstan, the splendid bewro, the gold- 
embroydud kertins and things ?" They warnt thar, 
Billy. No, thank Goodniss! The bed were a good, 
narrer, high bed, high postid, but without any teester 
and vallins — jest sich a bed as the kuntry afodes 
most enywhar. In like manner, the washstan uv 
plane wood, with a little ole pitcher and bole that 
lookt so frenly to me, well knowin uv thar familyur 
patturn. The white kertin uv the winder had the 
ginuine Buckingame frindge, and, Billy, the lookin 
glass were idintikly the same which par bought when 
he went to Richmun to see Lee Fate, the French 
Ginrul which fot the Kevolushun with Washintun. 
Ef thar had bin a rag carpit, split-bottum cheers, 
and a fier plais, instid uv a gridi'un to burn rock cole, 
the thing would have bin kumpleat. As it wuz, it 
lookt so much like hoam, I laid doun and went to 
sleep befo I node it.^ 

Nite had cum when I riz frum my slumbus. Try in 

* Addnms evidently mistook the clerk (Stewart was his name, 
I think) for Mr. Brown. The f amitnre in some of the rooms at 
Brown's was at that time aniiqnated to a degree, but has long 
since given place to more modern, but not, on that account, more 
comfortable, styles. 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 63 

4;o git to the suppur table, I got out uv doors, for 
Broun's is a komplekatid hous, with many passagis 
:and star cases. The hac-drivers, standin outside with 
whips in thar hans, like to took me by vilents. Nuver 
-did I see fools mo ankshus about 1 po man they 
liadn't heerd uv, much mo seen, befo. They wantid 
to show me the fashins; but what did I keer 'bout 
fashins, bein uv a sighintiffick man on bisnis uv the 
utmus impawtents? But a carridge driver wuz 
^Iwais opinyunatid, doun to a nigger that drives a 
ox cart for fodder. I cnssd all uv urn, and went to 
supper up in the secund story. 

Broun's dinin room aint eeknl to BaUud's. It's 
knnsiderubly bigger, divided by foldin doors, sepa- 
ratin the ladis' eetin room from the men's, and havin 
a vriety uv tabils. Powful eetin goes on .here, 
speshly at dinner, which they gives you a akount uv, 
printid on a peece uv papur, named a Bill uv Far. 
I wanted some cole chine and turnup sallet fur sup- 
per, but r,oodint git enny. Uv the eetin at this 
tavun, which it is kopious abundant day and nite, I 
kin dwell on it no mo, seein how long this letter 
drors. 

Arfter supper, I set in that part uv the house in 
tween the frunt door and the plais whar you sine yo 
name on the book, a paved plais, havin sects uv hoss- 
har roun the walls, and pritty off 'n okupid by peepul 
which assembils heer to set and do nuthin. I set 
thar tel midnite, readin the fisonomy uv the crowd, 
and formin apinyuns, wliich I shall deliver myself uv 
not now. Neether ar I goin to give you my thots 



64 LETTERS OF 

nv the genrul apeerunts of Washintun as I seen it 
nex day in the morning, and for sevrul days in snek- 
seshun. I tern to a matter uv higher impote. It ar 
this : 

I foun that Broun charged Two Dollus and a Haf 
a day fur bode, with a extry charge uv Fifty Cents 
fur lier uv rock cole, which I had when the rain cum 
leeking into my charmber. Two hocksids, and three 
lodes uv loose tobacco, cuddent stan this long, you 
may be sho : wharpun 1 flewd aroun to fine a rem- 
mydy — in uther words, a cheeper plais, howuver 
much I didint like cheep doins in this pint uv vew^ 
that it interfeerd with the dignity and impawtents 
uv my skeam, which you understand very well, know- 
ing is well is I do the vally uv respectability in thifr 
life. 

Akordingly, arfter exersizin grate jedgemint in 
s'lektin the man fur to inquier uv in the case, I 
drawd nigh unto a sorter yung gentilmun which set 
aloan frum the kumpany, whar nobody cood hear 
how ignunt I wuz. He wuz a man uv sense, evy- 
duntly; had him a cleer, pale face, without eny 
beerd ; and his eye wuz soft and kunsiderin — not one 
uv them hard, sharp eyes that is alwais lookin out 
like a hungry sliote fur shelled corn arfter he has eet 
it all up. His face wuz cole as well as pale, and 
when he shakt me by the han, he barly techt it. 
You'll say this ar a bad sine, and I used to think so 
too. But I has ubsurved this, Billy : 

A hickry cole has the whitist ashes, but arfter you 
git throo the ashes, it's the hottest kine uv cole, — 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY I WINS. 65 

and nuthin wrops itself titer roun a thing than a 
snaik. Tharfo I don't put no overwhelmin confidents 
in these heer warm fellers that shakes you so harty 
by the han, wroppin thar fingers tite and holdin you 
longer than you want to be hilt, and tellin you 
affecksnitly how glad and all they is to see you. 

Well, it turned out igzackly is I ixpected. This 
gentilxnun, which I has sense becum well akwainted 
with him, arfter listining indiffrintly to my condishin, 
and lookin at me very camly, took a intrust in me, 
and helpt me cleen throo to whar I am at this mo- 
mint. 

His name wuz Mr. Argruff,* and he cums to see 
me and I go to see him. He's a frenly man, certin. 

Me and Mr. Argruff was two dais goin roun to 
the bodin housis; I recken we went to a hundud. 
But he dident goe with me to the fust one, becos I^ 
being like evrybody else, wuz afeerd to let out all at 
wunst how I warnt abil, for the presint, to pay fur a 
rispecktable plais, sich as my projick demandid, and, 
arfter a while, will onquestchunubly bring. So I 
went by myself to a hous he pinted out to me, and 
when I seen the lanlady (the desentist I has yet seen), 
she curtchid perlitely, and I inquired, techin my hat, 
fur a room. She sais : 

" Are you a member, ser ?" 

I reflected a minit, and then anserd, "Yes'm; O! 
yes'm." 

She lookt at me rite good, and then she shode me 



* ** Argrn£f *' was suggested by an unfortuuate young gentle- 
man from the South, who died, soon after Addums left the city.. 

II. — 5. 



66 LETTERS OF 

a apartmint not much bigger'n a tater hole, nisely 
f urnisht to be sho, but barly big nufE to turn roun in. 
I tole her I were a sizibul man, which liked elbo 
room. She lookt at me agin. 

"Whut Stait ar you from?" she sais. 

^'Ole Ferginny, mum." 

She lookt at me agin, harder'n ever. Then she 
took me to anuther cumpartmint, uv far size, but 
planely f urnisht as to bed, carpi t, etsetry. It wer 
pritty dark in thar, and a few chunks \iv wood, the 
fust I had seen, was smouldrin on the hath. She 
shet the door. I felt commjkill, but I see the room 
was lit by a winder in the sealin, called a sky-lite. 
She sais, talkin rapidly, like wimnien most in ginruUy 
do: 

"This is a very nise room, one uv the most kum- 
futable in the hous, and so conveenyunt, and yit out 
uv the way like. Guvner Jones staid here all las' 
scsshin, sayin it wuz a charmin room; and Jedge 
Forney, he had it fur three years ; jest arf ter Ginrul 
iScott and the Forrin Ministers and thar ladies got 
rooms with me. Oh! we alwais have plesent 
kumpny, and my boders, bein pleesed, don't leeve 
me; but this is the fust uv the sesshin like, which is 
the reesin I have a few spar rooms, but only a very 
few. The room aint cleaned up this mornin, — our 
maid was taken sick lass nite ; but its a fine room ; 
the ferniteur is not igzackly new, which soots a 
singul gentilmun that doant like to feel crampt. 
Here's yo tabfl, and, ef you rite much, the lite falls 
.straight down on yo papur. This winder, openin 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 67 

into the Cote," (here she histed a winder I thought 
warnt thar at all), "gives you cool ar all day long, 
speshilly in summer. I know you'll like to set at 
this winder and choo tubarker, which is the habit uv 
all Ferginny gentilmen, and thar is a fine wall you 
kin spit aginst." 

Imagin, Billy, a squar inside uv a icehous, very 
deep, bilt up un brik, and a winder cut in the ex- 
treem bottom, lookin into the inside uv it, and you'l 
have some idee uv this winder, and the 4 walls uv a 
high hous runnin up around it. I sertny like to set 
at a up star's winder, in my cote off, uv a summur 
day, and spit ambeer aginst the neck uv a chimbly, 
but I don't admier a room with a winder openin out 
upon nuthin but darkness and brix. 

So we coodent agree about nether uv them rooms, 
altho one had a fine wall to spit aginst, and so we 
went up a flite uv steps to look at anuther room. 
You know she had very few to spar. Well, this 
wuz a reel splendid room, but she assed too much 
munny fer it, and then we lookt at three or four mo, 
but all wuz too high priced. All the tiem I wuz 
lookin at rooms, she wur lookin at me in a way that 
made me feel very cuyus, fur I had heerd that evry- 
body in Washintun, wimmin and all, wuz mighty 
cute, and I thought I seen that she knew what I 
cum fer. It's alwais the way with enbody that's got 
a secrit. How cood she kno what I wuz arf ter ? The 
thing were ixsplained when I went to go. She 
didn't git mad becos I didn't bode with her, but jest 
as I wuz leevin she sais : 



68 LETTEK8 OF 

" Ixcuse me, ser, but didden you say you wuz a 
member ?" 

When she had fust made this inquiry, I didn't kno 
what she ment, and didn't kno now, but I wuz bleest 
to Stan up to what I had sed, so I sais agin : 

"Yes'm, Oh, yes'm.". 

" From Ferginny ?" 

"Sertny, mum." 

" What deestric ?" 

Then it flasht upon me, and you may depen upon 
it, I felt like a fool. But I upt and tole her the 
plain fac. I tole her I had mistook her meanin 
entily, that I warnt no member uv Kongriss, but 
what I ment wuz, I wuz a member uv serciety. 

She lafft so good nachud, I felt sorry I eudn't aford 
to stay thar and spit on her wall. When I went 
back to Broun's, and had f oun Mr. Argruff (he don't 
bode thar), I tole him about it, he laflft, and sed he 
must go out with me and help me out. So he done. 
We went, and we went, and went, untel we foun a 
plais that he said wuz the plais fur me, which is the 
plais I'm now ritin in. 

Two days we wuz at it, and Billy, the Lord 
knows (as your par sais), I didn't beleeve the sivilized 
wirld cuntained the derty housis, and derty, po, 
miserbul, retchid, slip-shod, draggledy, har-uncombed 
wimmen that I seen them two dais. Sum uv um 
look so pityf ul, and sum so meen and feerce ; and 
skeersly one uv um wuz drest desunt. I swar I felt 
sorry for the sitty of Washintun ; but then agin the 
ladies in the street appear to have mity nice close. 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 69 

and sum uv u?m magniflEysent. How to account fur 
this, I don't know. Washintun is a onakountabul 
plais, men is well is wimmin. 

All uv um wantid me to bode at tbar housis, and 
all offud me such indusements that I wood have 
takin at the droppin uv a hat, but for Mr. Argruff 
sayin no. One po, kine-harted cretur a'most begd 
me to take a garrit room at her hous, reckumendin 
it hily. 

"It's a sweet, little room," she sais, "retide, and 
havin a good vew uv the Avnew" (that's the main 
street in Washintun), "and you won't bump yo hed 
in it. Thar is no fier-plais, but its rite warm ixcep 
in extreem cole wether, and you need'nt bump yo 
hed ef you be keerful to stoop. It's nisely f urnisht, 
and the sealin slopes a leetle, but you won't bump 
yo hed in the middle uv the room, and you are rite 
tall too."* 

The po cretur seemed to think all wuz rite ef I 
didn't bump my hed. I expec hern has been bumpt, 
and she is techt in the brane. Anuther reckmendid 
her attentive maids, anuther her nigger boy, anuther 
this, and anuther that. All had some grate men 
livin with um, and all lookt as if they suffered much 
frum sumthin or nuther. I inclien to the apinyun 
that many uv um drinks. They tell me the hole 
toun uv Washintun is a bodin hous, and that the po 



♦ The picture of boarding house keepers is exaggerated, but not 
greatly so. Some very unhappy specimens were to be seen in 
Washington in Mozis's day, and may be now, for aught I know 
to the contrary. 



70 LETTERS OF 

wimmen that keeps boders is increesin rappidly every 
year, and with thar increese thar is a increese uv 
misry, you may rest ashode. In fac, a bodin hous 
keepin woman is a sine bode of misry, nothin mo, 
igsept in a few kases. 

When finely I got to whar I'm now, I sed to 
Argruff, it were hard work to git sootid. Yes, he 
said, but I had a eesyer time and better luck than 
most pecpul that come to this sitty to sojem, and I 
reckin maybe he's rite. I stop here, sendin my luv 
to all inquirin frens, and keepin in resnrve a thou- 
sand things fur my next. Good bi, Billy. 
From yo faithful fren, 

Mozis Addums. 



THIRD LETTER. 

Mb. Addums Debcbibes His FsiiiiO Bodebs, and Sees and Heebs 

Things. 

DEAR BILLY: Washintun, in ginrul, inside or 
out, ar sertny a quare toun. Out uv the hous 
things is very scattrin and diffykilt uv komprenshin, 
looking, as it twuz, like a man had gethered together 
the mateyul uv a sitty, and, being drawd off frum 
his bizniss, had gone sum whar to aten to anuther 
contrac, leevin things layin about loose, intendin to 
retern and jine 'um up bimeby. Its jest like a feel 
uv wheet that has been sowed by a drunkin fool uv 
a nigger, — ^here the patchis is too thick, and thar 



. MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 71 

thar is skeersly a blade. The streets is prodigeous 
brawd, givin plenty uv elbo room for evrjthing to 
tun aroun, which is a good thing, thar bein so many 
hax and other veekles uv all kines. The beet of hax 
espeshily, I has nuver kunseeved. Eny man goin 
by 1 uv the principil tavuns, sich as Broun's, the 
Gnashnul, or Willuds, and seein the hax stretcht out 
in a string thar, wood swar his sacrid affydavid that 
a feunrul wuz goin to come outin thar immejitly. 
But they is jest waitin to take passingus, it bein sich 
a long ways from eny whar to eny whar. Nobody 
that hasint got good kuntry legs, like mine, with 
plenty uv caf , and used to hunting skwerrils all day 
and chasin ole liars when a boy, kin stan to go from 
1 plais to anuther. But I kin stan it, good, and 
saves a good eel uv munny tharby, nuver takin a 
hack which kosts you a quorter or a haf , or imployin 
uv a homnybust, which only chargis 4punts. 

Inside the hous, things in Washintun is jest as 
kramd is they is loose outside. Ether this ar the 
case, or Mr. Argruff, in selektin my bodin hous, had 
a eye to makin uv me a stewjint uv men and mannus. 
Billy, you've no idee how peepil is packt in little 
housis like the wun I'm okkypine. Packin uv poke 
in a meat hous, which you shood be keerful it don't 
git het at the bone, and prizin uv tobarker, which 
y'all's Winstun knows how to do it, givs you a parshil 
idee, but only parshil. Now, in the fust place, in 
this hous, which I'm a bodin in it, thar is a sto for 
the sellin uv men's shirts, limbur-twig appel, and 
mint-stick kandy and doU-babis. Then thar is 



72 LETfERS OF 

anutlier sto uv mancher-makin, wimmin's kotes and 
klose and things, and that is all the reglur bizness 
done heer, at leest all I has yit found out, ixsept 1 
thing, which it do puzzil me mitey ni too deth. And 
that ar this : Lookin out uv my back winder, which 
ar the onliest winder I've got, thar is anuther winder 
jinin it to the lef , and lookin thoo that winder I sees 
rite into a loft, and thar I'll be konsoun if thar aint 
a sine bode* uv a tavun with a star on it, and ferther 
on a lite coniin in from sum whar, like the lite over 
the top uv a fashnuble door, and what the meenin uv 
it is is mo'n I kno or kin konjecktcher. I've* set for 
hows and hows, waitin for somebody to cum into 
that tavun through that ar fur door, and nar a soul 
has enturd it yit, unlest while I wuz asleep. But if 
eny body uver does cum thar, I lay I ketch um. 

To retern to my akount. Besides the two stos I 
abuv menshind and the misteyus sine bode uv the 
tavun, thar is mo peepul bodin in this lious than you 
kin shaik a stic at, and I don't reckin I've seen evin 
haf uv um eether, long as I has been heer. Uv them 
I seen, the fust ar, uv koas, a Kongrissmun, coz evry 
hous must have a Kongrissmun, which ginrully takes 
the boss room in the hons, — two uv um, in fac. Our 
Kongrissmun is name Honnerbul Mister SwomplanSjt 
but whar he's frum, I hasn't a idee, only I kno he's 

* The mysterious "sine bode" was simply a sign of some 
restaurant that had failed and was placed away in a garret into 
which Addums, from his back window, often peered. 

t '^Swomplans** was in fact only a clerk to a member of Con- 
gress. 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 73 

a mitey smart man, and reeds so meny books that 
his two rooms can't hole all uv um, so he's bleest to. 
fill the passagis and star-casis, leevin barly room for 
peepil to pass. What woodent I give to have his 
sense. I has nuver seen him good, but he's ruther 
ole, and a good many foax cums to see him. I think 
they calls him Guvner; evry Kongrissmun bein 
nateruUy a Guvner, a Ginrul or a Kunel. 

Arfter Guvnur Swomplans comes auuther ole man, 
which his name is Jedge Foskit (evrybody in this 
toun that aint a Kongrissmun, and has reecht a 
mejum age, bein a Jedge), and he's a man uv biznes 
in the lor, and has got him a clame agin the Guvver- 
mint, which is mostly the kais with all them in 
Washintun which aint got no reglur offis. Jedge 
Foskit is a pow'ful profane man, coz I heer him 
cussin his washwomun coz he can't pay her. This 
looks strange to me too, for the reesiu that he's got 
gray har and a gole hedid kane, lookin so dignyfide 
throo his gole specktickles, like a good ole man that 
blongs to the Cherch, and luvs to do favers to peepul. 
But thar is wun thing about him I don't like, and 
that ar his nose, which the eend uv it igzactly re- 
sembils a oke ball, sich as we boys used to make red 
ink out uv at ole feel skool. I kno he takes his 
dram freely, and its a pitty his claim agin the Guv- 
Termint aint fur licker, — he'd git it certin. 

Then thar is wun mo ole manj knectid with the 
Post-Offis and the railrode. I've heerd him talkin 
loud and harty freekwintly, but don't kno him when 
I see him, becoz I nuver has seen him, it bein so 



74 LEITEBS OF 

dark up stars hecr. Livin in a leetle bit uv a room 
rite by this ole railroad man is I don't kno how meny 
yung Ishmen, that cuins in way in the nite and gets 
np soon in tlie morning without say in a wird. Then, 
agin, rite over my bed is sum dutch-germuns, the 
saim what has the mancher-makin sto 1 tole you uv,. 
and wun nite I woke up puffickly wild f rum a dreem 
and the noise going on abuv me ; and what do yoa 
reckin it all wuz, Billy ? Blamed ef too littil dutch- 
germun ehildun wasn't born almost rite on top uv 
me. I jess tell you, a thing uv this sort ar praps- 
the most terryfine thing on erth. Consoun the- 
creturs ! they cries a heep, and I think a dutch-ger- 
mun baby cries more savitch than any uther, keep- 
ing you awake, and frettin you, and disposin you 
agin matrymuny. 

Besides all these, thar is a reel ole, ole womum 
that rooms way up yonder sumwhar, and cums- 
creepin doun stars, not making a nois, and skeerin 
me evry day like thundur. Then thar is a room for 
the man and his wife which sells the shirts and 
candy, and thar ehildun, a boy bein all thar family^ 

But thar is mo yit. Thar is a Mr. Oans, a yuugr 
man, a Cluk (all the yung men heer is Cluks, and & 
good meny ole men, ixcept sich as drives hax and. 
sells oshters), a handsum fello, with a high forrud 
and pritty liar on his hed, which he greezis it too- 
much, it bein the fashun in toun. He don't apeer 
to have no mitey good opinyun uv enything in this 
werld, and goes about and looks like a man which, 
has repented uv bein born, but, bein proud, dident 



MOZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY 1VVIN8. 75- 

intend to apolygyze fer it. He's a genrus fello, and 
eets mo oshters nv a nite than eny five men in the 
sitty, and alwais wants me too eet with him, which 
I genrilly duz, not likin to hert his feelins. His 
room jines mine, and the very day I got heer (Mr, 
Argruff tellin him I wuz from Ferginny) he cum in 
and made me a presint uv a reel Woodall pipe, a 
good reed stem, and a hole chanse uv splendid Linch- 
bug tubarker to smoak. I'm bleest to like him, and 
sense I got to smoakin his presint, it's felt a heap mo 
like hoam to me. Thar is redeemin pints about 
Washintun. 

This heer Mr. Oans has got him a f ren — a little 
ole dried up yung man uv a spishus eoprus culler, 
which his name is Mr. Melloo, and he rites letters 
fur the newspapus, called correspondunce, and thi& 
ar wun uv the biggist biznesses in toun, ef I aint 
deseevd, which most likely I ar, fur the foax in 
Washintun ar very fond uv lying on all subjicks. 
Mr. Melloo, he rooms heer too, makin uv no fuss and 
behavin jest like he wuz white, but lookin pryinly at 
me, whenuver he gits a chanse, percisely like wun 
these heer inkwisytiv little tan-culled beegles. I 
wondur ef iie suspishuns ennything? Consoun his 
sole ! he'd better tend to his oan biznis and let me 
alone. I got nuthin to do with him, and don't want 
nuthin. 

So you see, Billy, this house ar pritty well stufft 
with specimins uv vayus peepul. And howdyou 
reckin I cum to kno so much about um ? Why, the 
gearl that wates on my room, she tole me. She'a 



76 LETTERS OF 

white as eny lady, speeks Islimun langride and cums 
frum thar; and, Billy, she's plegg-taked handsum. 
Duz mo work, is helthier, smarter, fuller uv good 
yumur, and better lookin than eny body I seen yit. 
Her hame is Mayan, and I and her has a talk evry 
day. This elustraits the diffrents between Nothun 
and Sothun peepul, havin white maids heer, tho thar's 
a good chanse uv niggers too, while we all has euUud 
maids, likely mlatters, freakwently. 

Fur the fust few days I wer so shamed to see this 
pritty gearl fixin up my bed and histin cole on my 
stove, I eoodent speek, and when I did speek (askin 
how to git in at nite, when the door wuz shet on the 
strete) she seen frum my tremblin vois and gent- 
muny mannur that I thought I wuz talkin to a reel 
lady, and sinse then she's got a great fantsy to me. 
She's got blak har (wavm), blak eyes, that is brite 
and quick-movin as litenin, and smart, I jes tell 
you, she's a reglar Spanish needle uv a gearl. You 
git to foolin arfter her, like Mr. Oans and Melloo, 
ptickly Oans, which is alwais tryin to outdo her in 
sayin smart things — and I be bound you think you've 
ketcht a razur by the blaid instid uv the handil. I 
think it wer Chusdy mornin I heerd Mr. Oans sayin 
to her — ^he's very fond uv asking her knundrums, and 
fipeakin broag like they do in her kuntry. He 
sais: 

" Well now. Marry," he sais, " will you tell me 
won thing ?" 

" Shure," she sais, " I'm glad yure arf ther increesin 
yure inf ermashin. What's it, Misther Oans ?" 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 77 

" Well," he sais, " ken yon tell me who wuz the 
father nv Zebbydee's childer ?" 

"The father uv Zebbydee's childer?" she sais. 
" Faith, I don't wonder you're askin. I think he 
wuz a ghetttilmun " — meanin by this, Billy, that Mr, 
Oans want akwaintid with no gentilmen. 

But this aint nuthin to what she sais suratimes; 1 
wisht I cood remember her sayins, but they is eo 
keen you can't ketch holt uv um even with yo' mine. 
In the week days, when she's cleenin up the rooms — 
she attends to the hole hous — uv koas she can't look 
very nise; but you jes orto see her drest up uv a 
Sundy. By jings I it duz me good — ^yes, good, to 
look at her. And plegg take her ! she knows it, 
Dernd ef ole Mr. Kongismun Swomplans don't 
watch her reglar throo his winder as she goes up the 
strete to the Kathlick Cherch. He's rite, too ; Oans 
and Melloo duz the saim thing, and goes long to 
cherch with her sumtiems at nite. This'U kinder 
strike you as goin too fur; but peepul duz jes is they 
plees in Washintun, and nobody don't keer nuthin 
fur nobody nor nuthin. 

Mayan she sleeps up stars with that ar ole woman, 
and it ar a cuyus fac, Billy, that wun uv these heer 
terryfine ole wimmin is kep in evry bodin hous in 
Washintun. They tries to hide um, so that fellers 
cummin to git rooms can't see um, but the miser- 
bul, po creturs kin alwais tell when enybody is a 
lookin aroun, and will poke thar ole skeer-faces out 
uv sum hole or ruther. 

I'm a givin you a long akount uv all these peepul 



78 LETTERS OF 

in oddur to give you a idee uv the way things is dun 
heer, and the kind uv f oax that lives in the sitty. 
Now skeersly nun uv we all eets at this heer hous 
whar we sleep, but gits our meels at anuther hous, 
cunsernin which I'm a goin to tell you in my nex 
letter. Less change the subjick. 

When I fust got heer, Injuns wuz all the go— 
Por-knees, Soos, Potty-wotty-mees, Socks and Focksis, 
and I dunno how menny mo, about 20 or 30 in num- 
ber, all drest up in red blankits, f ethers, paintid faces, 
rings in thar ears, bar's claws, mokkysins, tommy- 
hawks, and so forth and setry — reel Injuns, Billy. I 
dun seen um till I'm tide, and they don't intruss me 
no mo. Jeemony ! how yaller and ugly they is, and 
how the ladies duz luv to look at um, and shake thar 
hands ! You neednt toll me bout they being Aborid- 
gyknees, and the lost Ten Tribes uv Jeus, spoke uv 
in the Bibil. They is nuthin in the wirld but mlatters 
which run way from thar marsters a long tiem ago, 
and dun run wild like hogs in a mounten. That's 
what they is, and you can't fool me, and make me 
bleeve yo' fantsyful storis bout um. No sir-ree, I 
used to think they wuz red like boys that paintid 
thar f ase with poak-berries, but they aint ; they is 
yaller mlatters, and nuthin else. 

Nex to the Injuns, it cum nachrul fur me to pay 
my rispecks to the public bildins, which thar is a 
grate meny uv, bilt most in ginruUy uv marvel, and 
wood be a site to see ef you cood cum acrost um 
suddinly in a piny wood, like that betwixt Passin 
Merrydith's and Ganwy's MiU; but heer is very 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 79 

commun indeed, and nuthin out'n the way. Is I sed 
befo, nun uv um aint finisht, not even the Captul ; 
And pun top uv nearly all uv um thar is things surn- 
thin like the big king-post to a sale vessil, only bigger, 
but mo like the figger 4 trigger to a imments partrich 
trap, only wun peese ar a roap instid uv wood. But 
the bildins aint traps that I kno nv, ixcept to 
ketch munny, and these heer big triggers is intendid 
to hiest rock. Fou've seen the like on a railrode ; 
thar wuz wun at Buffalo Bridge, this side uv Fomvil. 
It ar custumerry fur strangers to go fust to the Patint 
OflBc, whicli I went along, uv koas, and seen sites I 
tell you — two or tiiri5e milyuns uv curosties frum all 
parts uv the gloab, and a heep mo moddils uv ma- 
sheens, all in glass casis. Berds and beests, munkis 
and snaiks, rocks and figgers, and pictchers, and evry- 
thing, doun to ole Genrul Washintnn's solgir close, 
and skreech owils and aags. Ded peepul too, and 
heds cut oflF, and hum in bones, horryfine to behole. 

The mornin I wer up thar, Mr. Oans he wer thar, 
and I warnt akwaintid with liim then, but foUerd 
long behine, apeerintly 'thout intendin it, becaze he 
wuz with sorae ladies, and what they all sed ixplaind 
things to me. Peard like the ladies, wun uv um, 
wuz mitey smai-t and yumrus, laffin and makin Mr. 
Oans laff, in his don't keer way at what she sed. I 
coodint begin to tell you wun haf uv it all ; but wun 
thin I wer bleest to remember, it struck me so foasbly. 
Goin roun wun uv the glass casis, she remarkt: 
"Law! Mr. Oans, do cum heer, and look at this." 
He went roun, and I heerd him inquier. He says : 



80 LETTERS OF 

"Well, what is it?" 

She sais, talkin like a little chile jes lernin : 

" Why," she sais, " jes look doun thair at them 
mair's aags — ain't they mair's aags ?" 

" Ashoridly," he sais, " and ef you wuz to tern wun 
uv um over it wood be a colt's revolver." 

Then they all bust out a laffin predidgus, but I 
didn't see no sense in it. Presinly they went on, 
and I went roun and lookt. Sho nuf, it wer a aag 
big nuf to be a mar's aag (a boss mar, I meen), but 
I don't bleeve wun word uv it. I nuver seen no mar 
settin on no ness hatcliin no colts, and you nuther. 

They all walkt on into the masheen room, whar 
they didn't stay long, but lef me thar lookin at the 
wheals, and spokes, and jigamarigs untwell my hed 
farly whirld. Arfter keerful igsaminashin, I coodint 
say I thought much uv eny uv thease invenshins,. 
which posbly sum uv may be verj' good — fur the 
present. I went away frum thar, but go thar 
okashunly when I git loansome, which Mr. Oans he 
sais a pawnbroker (whatuver that is) is very apt to- 
be loansome. 

All this tiem yon may be certin I wer keepin a 
sharp look out fur my biznis. Wun tiem, I had a 
grate mine to tell Mr. ArgruflF 'bout it, but arfter 
reflecktin tho't I'd better say nuthen too soon. 
Nether have I mensliind enything to eny uv our 
Ferginy Kongrismun, which I've bin interjuiced to, 
Mr. Letchur, Mr. Bocox frum our deestric, Mr, 
Powl, Mr. Edmund's sun, Mr. Clemmings, Jedge 
Casky, and them; all wise, kine hartid gentilmen. 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 81 

willin to do anything fur you they ken. Sum uv 
um I got akwaintid with befo I lef Broun's tavun, 
wun day when I wer takin sperits, pritty good, too, 
heep bettern that at the Junkshin, with Mr. Argruff. 
They jined very perlitely, and, heerin whar I wer 
frum, commenst on poUytix, askin how I stood. You 
know how a good drink takes the bashful out uv a 
feller, so I talked rite up to them grate Kongrismun 
jes like I wood to peepil born and raisd at crost 
rodes. I tole um I wer a outenont, ole fashin, strait 
up and doun, Staits rite, Jacksin, Kansis Dimmokrat, 
bleevin in nuthin but what the party bleevd in, votin 
fur a Dimmokrat aginst eny body, I don't keer hoo. 

" That's rite," they sais, " you stick to that, and don't 
trus too much to yo oan idees, and you'll alwaisbe rite." 

I sais, "I thank you," and we all mendid our 
drinks, and I want nigh as bashful as I wer at fust. 
So 1 assd um a questchun which had bothered me 
mitely, soon arfter I got to Washintun whar evry 
body talks pollytix and you's bleeged to heer mo or 
less uv what they talk about. I sais: 

" Gentilmen, sense I cum heer, evry body a'most 
is acusin uv evry body uv bein uv a dimmy gog; 
what ar a dimmy gog, ar it a kind uv Dimmokrat or 
a vessil that holes licker ?" 

This apeerd to amews um mitely, and wun sed,, 
laffin, that my urror wur very common, becoz it aint 
evry man which knows the diflfrens between a dimmy 
gog and a Dimmokrat. 

He sais. speakin to me, S'e, " The true diflfrents is- 
very simple, and kin be ixplained in a breth. Who- 
II.— 6. 



82 LETfEKS OF 

ever gits electid is a dimmy gog, and whoever gits 
defeatid is a pay triot. D'you understan ?" 

I told him " sertny," but, I sais, " I've heerd these 
heer dimmy gogs abused so much, and Gnashnal 
Dimmokrats abused so much, that I begun to think 
they wuz tlie same thing idintikilly." 

"Oh no!" he sais, "you must by no meens en- 
tertane seeh apinyun. The Gnashnul Dimmoekracy, 
altho they've bin electid and hold the powur uv 
guvunmint, ar not dimmy gogs ; they ar ixcepshins to 
the genril rool ; they ar the grate party, and however 
troo it may be that the party is sumwhut dividid 
Noth and South yet ar they inknucksorubbly conjined 
together by this very divisliin, and stronger than they* 
wood be without it." * 

I had to studdy over tliis some tiem befo I cood 
unnerstan how a thing cood be jined by a divishin. 
At lass I sais : 

" I think I see thoo your observashin. The 
Gnashnul Dimmoekracy of the Notli and South ar 
jined together like the rooms in a jale — by a thick, 
xin{)assibul rock wall betwit um. Uv koas the jale 
Ar stronger fur the wall." 

"Ixackly," he sais, "you've hit the nale right on 
the hed." 

1 sais, " Well, I'm prowd uv sich a strong party," 
.and so I am, Billy, and you too. 

* The Democratic party before the war being divided on the 
•question of slavery in the Territories, it was ingeniously argued 
that this division of sentiment gave the party additional strength, 
•enabling it to carry both sections — a puzzle to more people than 
.Mozis. 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 83 

He sais, " Well you may be, fur it's the only party 
that kin save the Yuneyun, and that's its bizniss." 

" Yes," I sais, " and it remines me powf uUy uv a 
song I reckin all uv you gentilmen have heerd befo 
now — a nigger song, but full uv meenin, called, 

* Ef you have eny goodin thing, 

Save it, save it ; 
Ef you have eny goodin thing, 
Save me sum.* " 

They all walkt off up stars in a roar uv larfter. I 

reckin I'm a gittin to be a rite funny man, or probly 

they laff at me becoz they think I'm a fool. I dunno. 

I intended in this letter to uv tole you about my 

fust visit to Kongris, but kinnot. 

Give my luv to Patsy AUin, yo sister Betsy and 
Fanny and all. 

Yo fren and cussin, 

Mozis Addums. 



FOURTH LETTER. 

The Mintzpi House.— A Konvebsashin. — Mb. Addums Visits 

EONGBIS. 

DEAR BILLY : We all, that is, me and Oans 
and* Melloo and Mr. Argruff, bodes at the 
Mintzpi Hous, which the pies thar aint made uv the 
kommin mint, but, jedgin f um thar taest, uv peppur- 
mint, with a leetil injun tunups and a frakshin uv 



84 LETTERS OF 

dekade collads.* They has um evry day, regly^ 
My idee uv a pi ar appil diimplin. Potpi aint bad, 
pervidin you don't have no surplus uv hog fat and 
bacin lines, sich as yo ant Polly ar invayubly bound 
to hav. Pankakes, with good, thik, blak Alleendz. 
mlassis, is splendid. 

In regards uv the other eetin thar at the Mintzpi 
Hous, 'taint much. Not a erum uv konbred I've 
techt senst heer I've bin. They brings to the tabil 
a kind uv battur-bred, which it ar certny ar spuyus. 
Billy, if you cood send me a good hot pone with ole- 
fashin cruss, hard is a rock, which it eets and looks 
like a peece uv brokin skillit, givin uv a man's jor- 
teeth sum rashniil and holesum exursize, you'd do- 
me a f aver. Ef you had a Kongrismun thar to frank 
it, yon cood jess rop it up in a newspapir and send 
it rite along. Franking ar a Kongrismun ritin uv 
his name on enything, which it then goes free in the 
postoffis all over kreashin. I wondir when the Kon- 
grismun gits on the car they don't rite their naim on 
thar oan bax, and go gratis. But you see guvunmint 
is sich a fool, it pays um for cummin, callin uv it 
mielidge. Billy, spose you wuz to hi a man to da 
sum dichin, and wuz to pay him a hevy price fur 
doin uv it : woodint you think he were distracktid ef 
he wuz to ass you to pay him extry for cumin to 
whar he cood git to his wuk ? Uv koas. When I 
lived ovsee fur Doctellick Dillin, I walkt ten miel in 

* "Dekade coUads.** This is a slander. The eating at the 
'* Mintzpi'* was quite good, except as to com bread — that is- 
never good north of Virginia, unless it be in parts of Maryland. 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 85 

the rain to git thar, and tlie idee of chargin him 
niithin fur goin thar nuver entud my hed. I'd a thot 
I wuz a fool ef it had. But sich is Kongris. Oans 
tells me thar's a Senytur here in Washintun that has 
bilt him a puffick pallis with wun trip uv mile money. 
And a member from Jorjy hav bilt him a hole toun 
with the saim, which for the reesin he calls it Mile- 
idgvil. 

At the Mintzpi, which Oans — ^he's a funne fello, 
he calls it the Mintpizin Hous, sayin he bleeves they 
fieezins the pize thar with assnick — thar's a whole 
<5hanse of boders, a heep uv urn ladies, old and yung, 
prittyand ugly,prinsipillyhoamly,marrid and singil. 
I tell you they dressis outin the ashis. Caliker ? I 
aint sean a stich, I aint smelt caliker wunst over thar. 
They doant mine nuthin. Arms bar up to the arm 
pits, necks nakid, free as ar. Ded uv winter, too; 
fino on the groun, thurmonitur doun to zeeroe. By 
jing ! I wondir what wimmin's skins is maid uv. 
I'me-be dad shimd ef they wuz jes tanned ef they 
woodint maik the warmist kine uv shoo that uver 
wuz wo. Kin cole pennytrait um? It kin sertny 
not. Then agin these heer ladies, drest so nise, is 
monsus keerf ul uv thar close, histin thar kotes hi 
and fer up in wet wether, not shamed nor feard of 
nobody. 

A number, in fact most uv these ladis I dunno ; a 
few I duz; mo ptickly Miz Hanscum, which her 
husbun he's gone to Kallyforny, and Miss Saludy 
Trungil, which she's a very grait f rend uv Oans and 
Melloo, and Mr. Argrutf okashinuUy ingagis her in 



86 LETTERS OF 

konversashin late at nite. Miz HaDscnm she's pow- 
ful pritty, powf ul, and so eesy to git akwainted with, 
being af ecshinit I jedge. They say she's mitey ritch, 
and I reckin its so, fur she wars a site uv joohy uv 
the finest kine. Miss Salndy Trnngil, she's a re- 
markably stylish looking gearl, bein tall, handsam 
formd, fall uv sense, and a leetil sassy 1 ixpec. She 
and Oans is mitey thick. Mr. Argruff, he injoyze 
her, and even this heer kuyus, punkin-facetid littil 
Melloo. he grins orf ul at her sumtiems. She^s bonn 
to be smart. At a nuther tiem I shill tell you how 
I cum to know thees ladis.* 

Uv koas thar's a large passil uv gentilmen at the 
Mintzpi — Senytuz, Ripryzentativs, Ginruls, Jedgis, 
Clux, and so foth, with thar wievs and dorters, tho' 
the clux they cant afode to hav no wievs, being ret- 
chid po, they tell me. Billy, it ar wuth a man'& 
while, which has bin used to commun plantashin life, 
to cum in heer to thees tremenjus tavun bildins, with 
their marvil flores, splendid parlus, and bewtif ul car- 
pits, to see the fine foax, and speshilly the ladis, 
sailin long the passagis heer and at Brouns, and the 
Gnashnul and Willud's. They rarr back so proud. 
They has sich hoops; they go by you so skonful; 
and the soun uv thar silks and satins skrapes yo very 
nurves, makin uv the skin uv yo body krorl, and yo 

* Among the ladies at the above hotel, one of the prettiest waa 
the wife of a Southern man who made himself famous by his as- 
saults upon slavery. She was very young and ignorant of life, 
but he would desert her for months, going she knew not where, 
to do she knew not what. He was a celebrity for a few years^ 
but seems to have died out of public recollection. 



M0ZI8 ADDCFMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 87 

ize uv yo hed to git dark with a swimmy-fine misty 
at the site of so much magniffysent frock sarroundin 
wun littil woman, which you cant bleeve she blongs 
to the famly of Adum and Eave, born to sin and 
sorro. No, Billy, thees proud cretus is lifted high 
abuv mawtality, and seein uv um, you stands thar 
cole in yo goose-skin, afflicted with a abomminable 
cents uv infeyority. Jes fur the saik uv the ixspe- 
rymint, you feel like you'd like to talk wun uv thee& 
gloyus beans into a pees uv ploud groun, and pull a 
fishin worrum out uv whar its jess been turnd over 
by the mole bode, and put it rite into the pam of 
her littil white han. You warnt to compar what's in 
her han with the han itself, and then flosfize upon 
the subjict. 

Me and Oans and Melloo was talkin 'bout thi& 
heer very thing the uther nite in Oan's room, and 
Mr. Argruff he cum in while we wuz kunversin, and 
evury wunst in a whiel techin sum uv the finist kine 
uv Kobsin County (Tennysy) whiskey, which Hon. 
Mr. Joans he give to Oans. I remarked pritty much 
what I has giv you abuv, and Oans, (which ar the 
kuyusist yung man in the wirld,) Oans, he sais, 
"Mozis," (we's very familyar now,) "Mozis," he 
sais, " you do great in jestis to the far seeks uv W^ash- 
intun sitty. Soe far frum not likin fishin worrums, 
thay ar very fond uv um. Don't you know that thay 
talks um and bleechis um and cooks um and eets um V^ 
" Shuh ! " I sais, " you cant fool me." 
S'e, " Its a f ac, I asho you. They jes cuts oflF the 
eens uv um and eets um. They ar wun of the mos' 



88 LETTERS OF 

fashnubble dishes uv polisht suckles, and the Frentch 
naim fur um is mackaron^y." 

I lookt at him, and seen his kountinunts were intily 
composed. Then I wundud at the hnmin nacher of 
fine dresst wimmin in sittis that eets fishin warrums 
and call um by the naim that Yankee Doodil called 
his poney. And I has sens lernt that fashnubbil 
peepul eets musheroons, esteamin uv um uv a grate 
delikissy. 

Littil ole Melloo ar a cole bloodid po' cretui*, and 
when he sets in a rume straddils rite roun a stoav, 
like it wuz a littil nigger boy he wuz drawin in 
'tween his legs to pat him on the hod. He don't say 
so mitey much, and akordin what he duz say souns 
mo'n what it is, caws its rar. He spoak up. 

S'e, " The Buckingame man (me, you kno, Billy) 
are rite. All wimmin are dirt. The identitty's ab- 
filoot. I shood like to see Addumsis ixperrymint 
tride. Dirts vary. Sum's good and sum's bad, 
sum's wirth cultervaytin and sum aint. And I 
reckin Addums can tell us what the farmus put in 
dirt to improve it." 

S'l, " Menyo, gorno." 

S'e, " Igzactly. The sitty sivliashun uv wimmin 
is but the adawnment uv so mutch oridginal f email 
mud with a cantankerus crop av silks and ribbins 
foaced up by the stimulus uv gold, the only troo 
fioshul and plitykul gorno." 

" Cum," sais Mr. Argruff,* " this ar very wrong 

* Argruff^s distinction between pride and vanity wiU hardly 
hold MaUr, but he is not far wrong in asserting that vanity is as 
much a weakness of one sex &r of the other. 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 89 

talk for men that has mothers and sisters. None nv 
you bleeve a wird you say. Mozis here is very 
yung"— 

" Well," I sais, " I'm tolibul yung both in ears and 
ixspeyunts, but I'm 20, and considerbul upuds." 

" Well," s'e, " when you git to be is ole is I am, 
you'll be mo eharytuble. Thees yung ladis ar vane. 
But evrybody is vane " — 

"Yes," I sais, "all is vanyty seth the preechur." 

"Peepil maik a distinkshin," he kontinyud, not 
mindin me, " between vanyty and pride, praisin wun 
and pretendin to dispies the uther. It's troo, fur 
mettyfisicul pupposis, they kin be sepratid, but in 
pint uv fac, they ar wun and the saim thin — the saim 
impults aetin in diflfrint dreekshins. Konshus powur ; 
that's it. Ejeckt it apun the boddy, it is vanyty ; in- 
f ews it into the sperit, it's pride. Bewty is womun's 
power ; yes, and man's too. Pride is said to be the 
l^asis uv arabishun, and ambishun the movin foase 
uv the soldjier and the staitsmun. But you nuver 
saw a grate woryur or emnent staitsmun who wasn't 
at hart a thousan tiems mo vane then the vanist gearl 
that sweeps the floes uv Broun's parlers as tho she 
wuz Klepatry, and had Seezur and Antny and Boam 
and Ejipp, eye ! the hole wirl at her feet." 

"Good," sais Oans. 

" Robsin Kounty whisky," sais Melloo. 

Mr. Argruff he went on, sayin uv: 

"And Mozis complanes uv thar skon. But skon 
is nuthin but a nuther naim for ignorunts, which in- 
deed ar the jenerick turm for awl humin foltz. 



90 LE'rrERS of 

Wimmen and men only skon thoes hoom they doant 
kno, or hoom they reely kunsider unwirthy. 

"Thar is wimmin at Broun's and the Gnashnul 
and the Mintzpi, hoo think so nieenly uv me that 
my presintz maiks no impreshin on thar auguns uv 
vishin — they cant possibly see me. But neethur the 
man nor the womun ever breatht the breth uv life 
hoo cood skon me after wunst I huv walkt camly up 
to the dores uv thar soles and knockt. And I'll 
wajur that the proudist lady in Washintun will luv 
Mozis Addums arfter she cums to kno him. Wim- 
men f antsy wild fellers, but they ar compeld by a lor 
uv thar nachur to luv sich men as Mozis. In all- 
thar silk and jooils they wood be glad to see him in 
his hoamspun close ; thar harts* apontainyusly goes 
out to meet an honest, simple-mindid, onsuspishus- 
cretur like him." 

" But," 1 sez, " I ar suspishus — spishus is the devil,, 
and I've got good close is enybody in my trunk, but 
I'm not a gointer war um. evry day. Then agin- 
flatrin a man to his fais is bad mannus, I didn't keer* 
how well twuz ment." 

" Well, we wont quorl about that," he sais. " I' 
beg yo pardin. But you do our Washintun gearls^ 
injustis. Didgever go with the gearls on a fishin* 
frolick, Mozis?" 

" Imf atkly, I has," I sais. 

S'e, "wuzint itplesint?" 

" It were prime," I sais. 

S'e, " No dout. And you foun yo gearls wuz jest 
is pritty and sweete way off in the woods and by the 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 91 

waters is they wuz at hoam in the drawin-room. Its 
jes so with thees gearls heer. Taik um out in the 
kuntry, and you'll fine they ar is natchrul thar is a 
tree or a blaid uv grass. The fac is, Mozis, a gearl 
is like a sac cote; she fits eny body, or ruther I 
shood say eny plais." 

Then he stopt, and sighd, and kep silent. 

" Go on," sais Oans. 

I sais the saim. 

Melloo, handin doun the bottil uv Tennysy whisky 
sais, " taik a littil sperits." 

Mr. Argruff filld him up a squerril lode, and re- 
zumed : 

S'e, " I'm a retchid man — a retchid man. And all 
becoz uv a dreem which I had it fotty senturis ago, 
and has ever sintz bin trine to realize it. In vaine ! 
I've but wun wish in this life, and my prar is this r 
Sum sweet, bloo summer day, the sweetist that ever 
dornd, I wish to spend alone under the trees and by 
the worters with the most bewtiful wummun in the- 
wirl. We must be abslootly aloan, and we must be 
togethur all day, frura the risin uv the sun to the 
goin doun uv the saim." 

" What !" sais Oans, " without eny thing to eet ? Fo' 
fride (meenin oshters, you kno, Billy) by all meens 
— fo' apeece." 

" No," I sais, " sum fride chickin, buttud biskits^ 
and a fishin line." 

Mr. Argruff, he went on like he nuver heerd nun 
uv us. "While the lite lasts, let me look deep into- 
the hevin uv her ize and listin to the music uv her 



92 LETTEB8 OF 

vois. When the day trimbles in deth, and when the 
sun sens his last red shaft from the purpal hills, let 
me press mj lips to her oan, and let that last sonraj 
be a javlin uv fier to kunsome me thar, utt'ly, so that 
I shall becum so mutch blank spais; fer ef evin wnn 
pottikil uv my mateyul body remaned, the memry 
uv that day uv blis wood revivvyfy and ixpand it 
into a senchent sole, kapebil uv the pane uv longin 
fer that whitch it cood cum agin no mo frevver, or 
ef it kaim, wood not be whut ferst it wuz." 

Oans seemed teeht, and sed he'd had that idee 
ofting. Little ole Melloo sais very sarkastick, "Ar- 
gruff, lemme advies you to set up a retale poitry 
shop. Git a masheen, and werk it with Rob'sin 
•County Whisky." 

I sais, " Mr. Argrufif, did you think you wuz mar- 
rid to that ar gearl ?" 

"No," he sais, strong. 

" Well," I remarkt, " unlest I wuz marrid to her, 
I ruther sumbody shood be thar. The ginrul apinyun 
uv the naberhood" — 

"Dam the naberhood!" he replied, "thar's no 
naberhood in the kais." 

With that the argymint drapt, and we all squan- 
dud off to our sevril apartmints. 

I has give you this a kount, Billy, not becaus I 
deems the idee uv settin on the bank uv a kreek all 
day with a gearl ar eny thing very aridginul or cal- 
culatid to instruck you mutch, but becaus it shose 
you how remarkabul is the mines uv the peepul uv 
Washintun. Cert'ny evrything and evrybody heer 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IWINS. 93^ 

is strandge, and, as Mr. Argruff sais, swi genriSj 
which is the latten for pekewlyer. XJv the akewaint- 
untsis I has lately maid, nun is mo intrestin and 
talkativ than Mr. Hicmun, which he's vulg'ly called 
Bo', tho I've nuver seen him with a lady yit. He 
chargis a quarter uv a dollur to be intojuced to you,, 
and runs his tung like a wheet fan, like he wuz feerd 
you woodint let him git throo. His face is f ross bit 
and rinkled powful, and he's got him a sharp, on- 
nachrul eye. I nuver sees him, which I do see him 
most evry day, hobblin long the street with his shorl,. 
and his stripid britchis, and his bung'd-up feet ; but 
my reckolekshun terns to things neer Kerdsvill, which 
is this: 

Ole Cap'n Sinker had him a hoss, naim Wrankin, 
wunst a fine saddil hoss, but bein mitey ole, terned 
him outen a ole feel to die, in the naberhood uv a 
ole tumbil doun terbarker hous. He had plenty to 
eet, but what he eet dun him no good, and he got leener 
and leener every day, till you cood uv hanged a hat 
on his hip boans, is they say. Whenuver old Wrankin 
lade doun, which was ofting, the buzzuds got arfter 
him, atacting him, dartin at him, and peckin at his 
eyes. Finely po ole Wrankin suflferd so mutch from 
these onslots he got nurvus, and ef a clowd cum over 
the sun he thot it wuz the shadder uv a buzzud in 
the ar, and went into the terbarker hous and shet the 
do' to keep fum bein eet befo his tiem. Well, wun 
day it cum close clowdy all day, and po ole Wrankin 
thinkin the hevins wuz alive with buzzuds, staid in 
his terbacker hous, and shet the do,' and thar dide, 



94 LETIERS OF 

and bout nite cum a clap uv thunder, nockt doun the 
^le hous, berrid him, and maid a fine monyumint fer 
him. Well, Mr. Hicmun remines me uv that ar ole 
ekragly ole hoss and that ar ole tumblin-doun ole 
hous, which methinx he can't hole up long. He ar 
sertny ar a man uv jeenyus, which I feals a fealin uv 
fiimp'thy fer him. 

I sees, Billy, I'm libel to run offin the trac is a 
injine on the Sowthside rail-rode, as I hasint tole you 
uv nuthin hardly I begun to tell you uv. But wun 
thing mo I must narate year I quits this heer epistul, 
which ar is follers : 

I tellin Mayan I had a grate sekret, which I tines 
I can't keep nuthin frum her uv my oan, she idvised 
nie'not to truss nobody, not eavin Mr. Argruff, and 
p'tickly Oans and Melloo, which she sais they nose 
too much enyhow ; but to tend to my oan afars my- 
self. So I thot I'd nock aroun and talk pusnul ob- 
fiervashin uv evrything, speshly uv Kongris. So I 
^gose and gose way up the streat in the mist of a grate 
dust that blose heer konstunt like thrashin uv wheet, 
and gose up to the Captul. I jes tell you the Captul 
heer ar a nuther site to the Captul in Kichmun, but 
tlie yard, which its fashnuble to call it grounds in a 
sitty, ar about pritty mutch the saira, sicxs uv wun 
and haf duzen uv the uther. The bildin ar about is 
long is frum Baldin's ole sto (they tells me he's dun 
move doun to the plank rode) to the Piskypil cherch 
in Kerdsvil. Speekin to Oans a bout this bildin he 
Bais its like awl gall, d^V'ided into three parts. But 



t • 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. 95 

I tole him that a gall were wun thing, whiteh it wuz 
A blarther. 

"Ah," he sais, " but, you see, I sed awl gall ; awl 
gall ar a dif rint thing f rum gall ; awl gall ar a Frentch- 
-mun's gall, whiteh it's totely difrint from a Emerry- 
iin's gall, bein heap mo uv it ; and that's the resin 
Frentch peepul is the most gall-ant in the wirl." 
And that ar a spesmin uv wun uv Oansis punz (pun, 
meenin a wird whiteh meens sumthin eltse) on the 
•wird g'lant, whiteh is spry, 'tentive to the gearls. 

Howuver, the Captul bildin heer ar imments. 
Taint finisht tho, and the top uv the middel uv it 
ar adorned with a surkil.uv pillers whiteh bein part 
white and part black, looks like trees whiteh has bin 
,beltid, sum beltid and sum burnt. You has to go 
up a site uv steps to git into the bildin, and the f erst 
.thing you enms to ar a marvel monyumint, representin 
Jiakid humin beeins standin roun a post whiteh has a 
numbo uv split pitchers^ stuck to the sides uv it — 
and this monyumint are bilt rite in the middel uv a 
pon uv stagnunt warter, rite grean ; and what's mo 
the pon warnt thar oridginuUy, but wuz maid thar 
to bild the monyumint in. You wont bleeve me, 
Billy, but its the fac, and shows what fool peepul thar 
is in this worl. Thar's a iun railin roun the pon, and 
when I lookt over it into pon, I seen the cook had been 
throin slops into it, p'tickly carrots. But twarnt car- 
rots, Billy:; what you reekin twiiz ? Why, gole fish, 

♦The naval monument with the '* split pitchers" — prows of 
•fihips — on its sides, has been ixboved, I think, to the grounds 
orarth of the GapitoL 



96 LETTERS OF 

whitch the pon is full uv um, and thay lade so still in 
the warter I thot twuz carrots. Gole fish is a kine uv 
yaller belly pearch, only thar backs is yaller, or ruther 
red too. 

While I wuz a lookin at the pearch, fine ladies and 
membus uv Kongris kep on passin me goin up stara 
into the parler, which is alwais in the secund story^ 
the parler is in toun. Feelin moddis, I detumined 
to go in the kitchin and chat with the kobk, whitch 
I hoped she wuz a fat ole nigger womun, like a kook 
orter be, tel I wuz envitid up stars with the cumy'ny. 
I past on by a marvil tombstone running warter' 
under the bridge, got into. the hous and lookt arid 
lookt for the kitchin, which dernd ef I cood fine it. 
I assM a man goin by totin uv books, but he pade n6- 
atenshun to me. I tried a heap uv do's; all lockt. 
Finely, I thot I'd go up stars enyhow, and went up^ 
and when I got thar it lookt mo like doun stars than 
doun stars did. Peerd like twuz a seller, with big 
dubbel posses* uv rok, and a skewpt out seelin, and 
heap uv bocksis, and trash, and wun thing and a 
nuther layin about. Feepul wuz passin, a few uv 
um, but not likin to ixpose my igronounce, I saifr 
nuthin to um. It were rite dark in thar, and I went 
aroun and aroun twell pren'ly I cums to whar it were 
lighter, and ternin throo a glass do', found a par of 
twistid steps goin up hier yet in the bildin. I wuz a 
goin on up, but hapnin to look over my shoulder I 
seen a nuther glass, and throo it peepul, which I 
node it were Kongris. Aproachin the do, a m'latter 

♦ Posts. 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 97 

man settin inside halls it rite open with a roap, and 
I goes in uv koas, f eelin pritty imbarist, and not seein 
uv much f er a tiem. When I cum too a little, I seen 
a small room, with a holler sealin runnin up in a 
keervd manor, mogny fernicher, a few peepul, and 
roun the room at reglar pints, a number uv busters nv 
grate men. Buster is the likeuios, hed, fase, neck, and 
peece uv the brest uv a man, chopt out uv white 
marvil, with a bottum part sumthin like the bottum 
uv a wine glass, to set it on. Behine a long, levil, 
mogny bannister, set sum uv the kuyustist humins in 
exzistunts. Of all and uv all, they wuz the beet. 
Ugly ? Blessed fathers ! I shood jedge they wuz ; 
and ole, and rinkidly, and drest in black silk apuns, 
with tremendus sleeves, settin thar behine that ar 
bannister, still is (Jeth. Yu've see sevin nor ate mud 
turkils sqouttid on a log, and yu've see sevin nor ate 
ole tukky buzzuds settin on a lim' of a tree ; well^ 
that is pecisely like them ole fellers settin behine 
that ar bannister. 

A gristly kine uv a man wuz a standin on the 
flo' in frunt uf sum tabils, trine to pint out a fac or 
ixplain sumthin ruther to them ole turkils and buz- 
zuds, which they didn't talk no intrus in what he sed, 
'p^arin to be sleep mostly, but sum uv um readin. I 
shood uv hav jedged the man on the flo to be a loryer 
ef he hadin bin so eesy and natchrul like — he didn't 
rar nor he didn't rip, nor beller, nor rampooge, nor 
tar his shert — he warnt a bit like ourloryers which I 
has seen plenty av um at Buckingame kote. I tride 
and tride to compren whut this fello on the flo wuz 

TI. — 7. 



98 LETTERS OF 

a sayin; but all I cood doo I coodin talk no mo 
ingziety in it then the mud turkils afosed. 

" And this ar Kongris," I sais to myself. " Well, 
<dem Kongris," and I lef. 

Goin out by the glass do", which the m'latter man 
lie pulled opin agin with his string, I cums, at the 
foot uv the windin stars, to a ole man sellin appils, 
<5akes, pize, and so foth. I bot a par uv pize, and 
ass'd fer sumthin to drink. The ole man sed he 
did'n had nuthin but sum logger beer. 

"Enything like p'simmum beer?" I sais. 

He did'n seem to understan me, so I sais : " Gimme 
rsum enyliow." 

And he gimme sum, and I tastid it, and it jes 
squirted itself spontainyusly outin me all over him, 
saim is ef I'd bin a surrindge. 

"No wander you calls it logger beer," I sais, 
fuyus; "ef it taint stump water, I wisht I may be 
dad shimd," whitch it ar, Billy. And I lef. 

What mo I seen uv Kongris I resurves. I've rit 
anuff fer wun tiem, certin. 

Luv to Unc' Jim. 'Member me to Kayine and 
An' Locky. 

Rispeckfully and afeckshuntly yose, 

Mozis Addums. 



MOZI8 ADDCMS TO BILLY IWINS. 99 



FIFTH LETTER 

Mozis ON KiiNSAs. — Inside View or Political Life. — Miz 

Hanscum and Mayan. 

DEAK BILLY: Billy, that warnt no Kongris I 
seen, twamt nuthin but the Spreame Kote, 
which I shood uv knode it in a minnit ef that ar 
loryer had hiseted the saddil skeerts nv his mental 
anemil and socked the rowels uv his vois into the 
intestins uv his argymint, as is the fashin uv the mo 
notid as well as nv the yung and asspirin members 
uv the roorul bar, Uv the reeul Kongris thar is a 
par uv um, bein 2, — wun small wun called Sennit, 
and wun big wun calld Hous. But lets furst igzamin 
the struckcher uv the Spreame Kote uv the Yewnited 
Staits uv Emerryky, which it shall be a breef expo- 
sitchun, quite breef. 

You buy a par uv plow lines from — ^well, say Ned 
Sinker in Fomvil. They turns out to be rottin in 
the twiss, and you refusis to pay fer um. You git 
sude, and jedgemint goes agin you. You apeals, and 
the sute goes on from Kote to Kote, hier and liier, 
untwell it gits way heer into the Spreame Kote, 
sichuwatid under the Washintun Kongris bildin, as 
afosed. Thar it stops; it's got to the las' notch on 
the beam uv the mighty stilyuds uv Jestis. Nine 
human turkils in silk gounds takes the kais in hand, 
and when they've sed thar say, nuthin mo kin be sed ; 
you got to shet up, pay fer yo ole wuthless ole plow 






t t 
^ > 



100 LETTERS OF 

lines, and a heap mo besides. At lees this ar Mr. 
Argruff 's explaynashun, which he giv it to me sune 
arf tur the advenchur related in the finis, the eend uv 
a former episil. 

As to Kongris, to return. Thar's a par uv um, — 
Hous and Sennit. Ef wun ar calld Hous, the uther 
orter be called Hut, or ruther Volt, sais Oans, becos 
Sinnit ay a mean littil gougdout darkey hole, wharas 
Hous ar a risplendid and imments apartmint, got up 
without regard to coss, and full of the finis paint and 
gildin, jined together in the mos' startlin and ixquizit 
tace, saim is a ritch, a brite and a brilyunt quilt, 
which a stewjus ole maid in the kuntry, havin a 
igzistunts litrully bloated with spar time, she maiks 
it, and sens it, with meny aintchunt and vurginul 
teers, and fond hoaps uv glowry, to the Anyul Farr 
at Richmun, whar it talks the pries or don't talk it, 
akordin to the mo or less pewrified sense uv the 
bewtyful uv the Kumitty on quiltz fer the time bein. 
Thus seth Oans, and I fobar to add nuthin to the 
critysism. 

Sence heer I've been, I've bin to Kongris a menyer 
time, and ef I has lernt enything, which I has my 
douts uv it, it ar this. Ef uver I do cum to Kongris, 
which I shill nuver do it is long is I kin mall rails or 
eet persimmuns, the fust thing I intends to do ar 
pintidly to interjuice a nact to amend a nact that 
nuver wuz intitled a nact to permote the efeeshincy 
uv Kongris; fur uv all peepul on tlie fase uv the 
erth to talk, and talk, and talk, and do nuthin, they 
is the beet. 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 101 

And Kanzis, Billy,* — ^goodness nose I wisht it wuz 
berrid under Willis's mountin. I do think it's enuf 
to maik a man cuss out and quit the humin famly 
which has heerd what I has heerd on this drottid 
subjick ; constunt, Billy, without no sessashin f iiruver 
and furuver mo. Nar a tiem has I gone to Kongris, 
but straitway a man upriz and pode foth the viles uv 
his rath on Kanzis, howlin at it like a houn when 
you blow the hon f er dinner, yelping at it like a fice 
when he sees a straindge nigger cummin in the yard. 

But I stans by my party in this heer matter, Billy. 
The gloyus dimockrasy and Mister Wilyum Cannun 
(I hates the vulgy way uv callin uv him Mr. Buck 
Cannun) is rite, pufficly rite in thar psishun. 

But I feels mitey bad about this Kanzis eny way, 
and the kuntry too.t Things is cum to sich a pass 
that we ar ableged to cary on the guvnurmint and 
exekeut the lors, under falts pretensis as twuz; we 
can't do what we kno to be rite ixcep in the naim uv 
them we kno to be doin rong, and the grate boss 
cart of public afars is a gointer stall pritty soon. 
It's bin a travlin up a mitey ruff rode lattly eny way, 

* **And Kamis, Billy,*'* It is impossible to realize at the pre- 
sent day the length and bitterness of the struggle over Kansas. 
The nominal victory achieved by the passage of the Lecompton 
Gonstitntion and the English Bill was in reality a Southern de- 
feat, presaging the disasters that were to come a few years later 
on the field of battle. How far away it all seems now, and what 
a prospect there is apparently of indefinite peace between the 
sections ! 

t Mozis feels *' mighty bad" about the country. He appears 
to have **forefelt" (is there such a word?) the inevitable struggle. 



102 LETTERS OF 

the tail-bode is busted, and the most valljbil kontents 
is a joltin out wun arfter anuther powful fast. Befo 
long, I'm afeard Mr. Wilyum Cannun will find his 
bosses is goin too fast, and lookin roun to see what's 
the reesin, will fine the waggin-body intily empty, 
the lode all gone cleen. 

In Hous and Sennit, from time to time, I've see 
the mos distinguisht men uv the nashun, and bin 
astonisht at thar close resemblunts to the rest uv 
mankine. But menyer grate man livs in a common 
hous, like Unc' Jim for igsampil; so 'tis with the 
soules of jeenyus, which most in ginruUy speakin 
dwells in tenymints, badly bilt at f erst, and soly in 
need uv new wetherbodin, white-wosh, and mo brix 
on top uv the chimblys to bring um up to the standud 
uv granjer. 

I has sed thar is a close resemblunts between 
Kongrismen and human nacher is you find it layin 
about anywhar. To be kandid, Billy, they is wun 
and the saim thing, identykil, ripresentatives and 
men is. Git jam up aginst um, you can't tell um 
apart, to save yo life you can't. 

I wuz struck with this remokabul fack f reakwently 
when I has went into Honorbul Mr. Swomplans's 
room, and a pompus and mo kunseetid ole fool than 
ole Swomplans nuver had pockits in a kote tail. 
Pusnully he's igzackly like Littleberry Huddilstun, 
igsept his hed ar ball, but his carictur ar a mixtur uv 
Ganwy's Yawk and Bell. Now tuther night : 

Thar wuz thar in ole Swomplans' room three or 
fo yung Kongrismun, and bewtiful spesmens they 



MOZrS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 103 

wiiz. Nuver in all my born dais did I heer sech 
cussin an swarrin and tellin uv joaks. They got to 
runnin wun nuther about thar reekods. You see, 
Billy, Boon's a man gose into pollitix evrything he 
sais and duz is kep akount uv, and that akount i& 
called reekod. So ef a poUytishun duz enytliing 
rong, his enymis ^es to his reekod and pints out 
the fae, and the very plais and tiem whar he dun it, 
and he's got to tell mo lies than anuf to git shut uv 
it. So when they wuz all a talkin bout this, yung 
Mr. Joans he ups and swo' he had the damdis mos' 
butyful reekod on erth. Then yung Bosin ript out 
and sed he wisht he may be teetotally svrept into- 

ef his reekod warnt p'yo* and spotless in the 

senter page uv the sacrid album uv a virgin's souL 
" D — it !" sais Joans, " how'd you vote on the Kan- 
zis-Nebrasky bill ? And cuss you, didn't you maik 
a speech lass summer in favur uv distributin the 
proseeds uv the public lans ?" " You ar no better 
than an infunil No-Nuthin enyhow," ansers Bosin. 
So they went rippin and cussin at each uther tell 
Swomplans he spoke up and tole um they wuz com- 
pormisin the dignity uv Kongreshnul carrickter. 
" What," sais he, " wood yo constitchyunts think e£ 
they cood heer this undignifide, pofane, and vilent 
oltercashun ?" 

They both damd thar constitchyunts to the devil, 
and took a drink. They wuz commensin at it agin, 
when little ole Melloo stopt urn saying uv : " Gent- 
men, you ar both equilly grate, and yo reekods 

♦Pure. 



104 LETTERS OF 

equilly immackulit, but listen to this." He red fnim 
a paper he'd bin ritin, which went on to say that a 
telegraf dispatch jest reseeved f rum the grate Dimo- 
kratic Oonvenshun, then settin (imadjinin the year 
ateen-sixty-ate) at Hayvaner in the Hand uv Cnby, 
had anounst that ether the Rite Honnerbil Sennytur 
Bob Joans, or Guvner Tom Bosiu had reseeved the 
unanmus nominashun fer Presydint. 

" Uv koas you'll be electid," sals Melloo, " which- 
ever gits it, and as things is goin on wun uv you will 
be bo^n to git it, and now I wanter kno what you 
gointer do for me, yo ole and valyud fren and intmit 
kumpanyun ?" 

Bosin spok f urst. He sais : 

"I shall pursurve the dignity uv my stashin. I 
shall say, Mr. Melloo, I'm not unmineful uv the past. 
I recall the plesint hows uv yuth, wlien we wuz frens 
togethur, as I'm youse now. But I o it to my kuntry 
and myself to make my adminystrashun gloyus, and 
to that eend I inten to slekt for my constitewshunul 
advisers, and for the princepel ripresentatives uv the 
ripublick abroad, the very ferst men in the nashun. 
My long akwaintunts with you will not justify me 
in assining eny uv theese psichins to Mr. Melloo. 
Nuverthetheless you shall hav a post uv honur and 
uv profit. Wharupon I'll hand you yo commisshin 
as consul to Livpool or Peekin." 

Then Joans sed : " You aint goin to hear no sich 
stuff is that frum me. Soon' you call on me at the 
White Hous, I am a gointer say, ' Peter,' (that Mel- 
loo's givin naim,) ' Peter, ole feller, how ar you ? 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY ITVINS. 105 

I'm d— d glad to see you. Taik a seet and set doun.' 
Then I'll send for a bottil uv Green Seal, and we'll 
l3oth git is drunk is d — . And bef o you go way, I'm 
gointer say to you like ole Buck sed to Forny, ' taik 
^hutuver you durn pleas.' And ef you ar smart 
like Forny, and go in fur the publick printin, you 
fihell hav it. Fm not goin to refuse you nuthin. 
It'U then be wuth about two milyuns a yeer, and 
-ef we don't hav the tallest kind uv a tiem you 
may taik my hat. We'll live like tlie Sardeens uv 
Annopolis,* becos I don't inten to git marrid, but 
I'm a gointer to have all the pritty wimmin in the 
Yunited Statis bodin at the White Hous free uv 
-charge ; and we'll rip rite throo f o' splendid yeers, 
eertin and sho! Joans may talk about his adminis- 
Irashin, but mine is gointer leave behine it a streak 
uv glowry long is tail uv a comic and brite is a flash 
iiv litnin. That's so. You may bet yo life on it. 
The way for a man to maik his administrashin glow- 
yus is to Stan up to his frens like ole Jacksin and taik 
the responsibillity. Twont do for a Presydint to be 
fiqueemish and conshentshus. Conshents be d — d! 
Ole Buck's t tride that gaim, and it doant pay." 

Billv, them's his verv wuds. It's true he ware 
yung, both Joans and Bosin, but they ar upon a par 
with the ballunce, jest is smart and smarter than wun 
haf uv um. And that's the way grate men, Dim- 

i* Can Mr. Addums mean Sardanapalus ? 

t ** Old Buck Tias tride that gajne." Southern men of advanced 
-views always held that Mr. Buchanan pandered to Northern seu- 
Jtiment, without adequate return. 



106 LETTERS OF 

mocrats and all, go on when they ar by tfaemselves- 
talkin bout thar kuntry, thar Presydint, and the re- 
sponsibil duties uv thar station like it warnt nnthin. 
Don't you say a wird about this, you heer. Ef nver 
it wuz to git out, the kuntry wood be ruined and 
cleen ruinatid. Nuver no members uv Kongris 
wood cum heer no mo. Who cood truss um arfter 
talkin in that ar way ? Why peepul in the kuntry,. 
when they went to maik thar speechis at the presink, 
woodint dar to come anigh um. Wood they, Billy ? 

Heer I've dun run away with mysef agin, like a ole 
boss arfter sum mischif us boy hav put a cuckly burrer 
under his tail. But pollytix ar a subjict the mos' pre- 
foun, requirin abundunts uv tiem and spais fer the 
proper treatmint and elucydashun uv it. Ef brevity 
ar the sole uv wit, lenth ar the upper-lether uv lojick,. 
which my mine ar very cleer on this pint tharof. 

I promist to tell you how I becum akwaintid with. 
the ladis at the Mintzpi Hous, which the way nv it 
were in these wise: Wun dey, goin in to dinner, 
my sensis compleatly absorbd in absents uv mine over 
the still mo f uther puffeckskin uv my projick, rite at 
the dinin room do' I run agin Miss Saludy Tringil,, 
cummin a dantsin out as ushil, like a duck swimmin 
up to mill-wheel, and stumblin is I fell, I reecht out 
my han nachrilly to ketch sumthin, and gethered up 
sum tabil cloth and sum frock and sum cheer, which 
I think it mustter bin the bac uv the cheer, becos I 
upset Miz Hanscum backruds, brakin uv her plate 
and spillin uv a salt-seller in my eye. Thar it wuz. 
befo the whole cumpny, and how I got out'n it I 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVINS. lOT 

swar ef I kno. I nuver shell get over it when I 
thinx uv it. I kno I dinent eat nnthin that day, and 
were shamed to go to tabil tel evrybody had lef, tel 
laitly. 

Oans — I do like that Oans — he cum to me and 
cunsoled me; and when my mine grajully settled^ 
tole me twuz my dewty to goe and apoUygize like a 
gentmun. The perpriety wharof 1 perseevd at a 
giants. I assd him to give me a day to pepar my 
mine for the undertakin; and when the day were 
past and gone, with grate delibyrashun and fumnes& 
I adrest myself to the task, and dun it. Jest befo I 
left hoam on this expedishun you reckoUeet I got 
me the finis kine uv a sute uv clothes made in Fom- 
vil, which I reckin they ar eekul to eny maid eny- 
whar, I don't keer whar. Rambut for coats, and 
Forrer for britchis, the world can't beet um. And 
I had a par uv boots maid by Tony; kin mo be sed ? 

Araid in these garmints, I felt like a gentilmuuy 
which I ar in sperit ef not in apeerunts, and with the 
help uv Oans, made my apoUogy soe satisfacktry, I 
soon becum a grate f avrit with all the ladies, aspeshly 
Miz Hanscum — powf ul atracktiv womun she is, Billy. 
Arfter a modrit amount uv izperymints, I felt as 
nachrul in the Mintzpi parler is a steer in a patch uv 
clover. I visitid thar freakwintly, and sumliow or 
ruther I were alwais thode with Miz Hanscum, which 
were the okashun wun nite uv this hapnin : 

Didje ever hav a par uv dough-skin broad-cloth 
britchis, Billy ? How slik they is. Well, I had on 
mine that nite, and whenuver I has um on I can't help 



108 LETTERS OF 

Blidin my bans doun um, it feels so good to the pam. 
Settin talkin to Miz Hanscum, she ubzervd my 
stroakin my britchis doun to the knees, like they wuz 
the necks uv two blak bosses jes curry-combd and 
rubd down — ubservin this, it atracktid her atenshun, 
and she sais: 

"Those apeer to be very nise pantloons, Mr. 
Addums." 

"Yes'm," I sais, "Forrer maid um." 

Then she assd me how Forrer wuz, and I tole her, 
and that indewsd her to queschn me sum mo, and 
mo yit, tel finely I giv her my hole histry. I reckin 
twuz levin o'clock befo I got thoo, and every body 
ware gone out'n the parler ixcept us, and we wuz set- 
tin plegg-takid clost together, she lookin so warm 
and good out uv her brite eyes like she reely keered 
f er my welfar, and I feelin fine and puffickly kun- 
tentid to stay rite thar, and ef enything a leetil 
closter, tel day. Jest then the do' opened and in 
cum Oans, evydently not ixpecting to find nobody. 
I spect he wanted to look at hisself in the long lookin 
glass they got thar running fum the fio' clean up to 
the seelin. Enyhow, the momint he seen us settin 
so intmit, he says quick " ixcuse me," and went rite out. 

This kinder fiustud me and I jumpt up, but Miz 
Hanscum she dident mine it a bit, but sais in a verry 
cam vois "set doun," and I set doun, and we went on 
talkin mo intmit than uver. All uv a suddin, I 
jumpt up agin and sais, "ixcuse me," and run out, 
and dident hardly stop runnin tel I got into my oan 
room. 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 109^ 

" What maid me do so singly ?" you sais. 

Billy ^ she wuz arfier findin out iny eeeknt, shose 
you born she wuz ! 

You don't kno theese peepul in Washintun, and 
how keen they is arfter a vallybil thing. Hadint I 
heerd how the cunnin roskuls fum the North in- 
veegils members uv Kongris with pritty ladis ? You 
cant fool me. 

To tell the truth, Billy, this acurrants hapened 
only las nite, and I got a grate mine to stop bodin at 
the Mintzpi. It's danjus. 

But this mornin I got up and tole Mayan the 
intire suckumnnce, desirin to hav a intellijint veu u\r 
a womun's doins fum anuther womun. Mayan were 
dustin the mantil pees when I cummenst a tellin her, 
and she ternd roun and listined good tel I got cleen 
thoo. Then she ternd roun and commenst dustin 
agin. I waited, but she dident say nuthin. Gittin 
impayshunt, I seis : 

"Warnt I rite in my conjeckshur?" 

She kep on dustin, and sais in the mos keerless 
manner: 

" It's no seekrit the pritty lady's af ther a tall, a 
tall." 

" She aint so mitey dog-gon'd pritty," I sais, " but 
what were she arfter then ?" 

And reckin, Billy, she dident say she were arfter 
7ne. That bewtif uU, ritch Miz Hanscum arfter me ? 
The idee! Then I reekolectid Mr. Argruff sayin 
how all the ladies in Washintun wuz bleest to luv 
Mozis Addums, the bar cunsepshun uv which giv me 



110 LETTEES OF 

s pane in the eye ball uv astonishtment. Verily, the 
world are straindge. Then I remembud the dis- 
parity uv our suckumunsis in life, at preaint^ and 
fiais out loud : 

"Sher!" 

But Mayan she went on rubbin uv the mantil pees 
— she dun rub it all over two three times aready — 
not notesin me in the leese. Jest then my eye lit 
upon her han, and eonsoun me, Billy, ef it warnt the 
prittiest, littlist, whitist, well-formed han in the 
world. 

S'l, "Mayan, look heer. Thar's sumthin rong 
about you. That aint no servant gearl's han. That 
aint no han customd to work." 

Soon's I sed it, she snacht her han awav like a bee 
had stung it, and hid it. Facin roun, she lookt at 
me, white is a sheet, movin her lips, but sayin nuthin. 
Culler begins cummin to her cheek, yusully very 
rosy, ane she broke out : 

"Mozis Addums, you is the biggis goos in the 
wirld," an she fled, and wuz doun stars in a minnit. 

The sentents abuv, she sed it in the very bess uv 
Inglish, like me and you speeks it, and it starkled 
me. I jumpt up and run arfter her, callin her : 

"Mayan, Mayan," I sais. 

" Surr !" she replide, from way doun the steps. It 
cum up coas is the teeth uv a whip-saw, and it hert 
me that bad I went and set doun on the bed for a 
nour befo I gits over it. 



a 



* '•'•AtpreainV Mozis could never for a moment forget [his 
skeam," that was going to make him immensely rich. 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. Ill 

Billy, thar's sumthin rong about that gearl you 
may be boun, and I'm not a gointer res tel I finds it 
•out. 

I shood uv have rit you this letter long ago but 
fer the arivil heer uv Oans'* par, scrowgin ole gentil- 
mun, long amost is the toe-line uv a canel, havin uv 
ruther a pleasin fais all kivered with har, and runnin 
all over toim like he wuz distracktid, and me and 
Oans kontinyul runnin arfter him in a state uv pain- 
ful mentil ingziety and ankwish, fer feer he'd loss 
himself or git hert. Peepul ort reely to be mo keer- 
ful how they low thees ole creturs to buss loos from 
the ristraints uv the fainly and fiside, and ixpose 
himself to the temtashins uv f ashnubir lif e in a sitty. 
It's hily injiiyus. 

So far yo well, Billy, tel nex time, 

Mozis Addums. 



SIXTH LETTER. 

♦Cockbun's Galry. — The Theater. — The Smithsonium. — Bill- 
YUDS. —Mr. Addums's Fust Visit to the President. 

DEAR BILLY : Billy, my son, lemme give you 
a pees uv advise. Ef uver you git tanguld 
with a wummun, nuver do you taik no tiem to ontie 
no nots, nor ontangul nuthin ; jest tar rite loos, and 
ef you cant tar loos, pull out yo nife and cut the 

* **Oans* par" is alive to-day, and from being old, looks 
younger than he did twenty years ago. 



112 LETTERS OF 

Gorjun Not and travil. Put yo fingurs in yo yeers- 
and heer nuthen she's got to say. Ef you don't, bi 
jing ! you gone certin. 

I kep on a bodin- like a fool at the Mintzpi, the 
konsequince uv which ware dezastrus in the ixtream^ 
Me and Miz Hanscum — but nuver you mine a bout 
I and her. But tware very plesint thare at the 
Mintzpi. In during uv them days, cum two marrid 
ladis thar, the bewtif ullist in the worl. Ethur was- 
anuf to nock a man down with thare luvly body and 
mine, and both together was more'n anuf. In adis- 
hun uv them, cum a littil Trungil, sister uv Miss 
Salndy, and she were one uv them ingajin variety uv 
gearl that draws you like a mustud plastur, or a 
wagun and teem. Cum, f urthermo, a little gal from 
Injanner, like a hed uv white cloviir, she were so far 
to look apun and so sweet ! 

I tell you, Billy, we all had fine tiems. Havin 
plunjd into fashnubil life, I went on doun in the- 
vawtix and kep on doun, furgiting uv my skeam, 
furgiting uv everything. Sech is the way in Wash- 
intun, whar peepul, stid uv tending to thar biznes,. 
goes to spendin uv munny and injoin uv themself 
like the wild. What with eatin and a drinkin and 
a smokin uv segars, and a goin to Kongris, and to 
the Patint Offis, the Theater, the Smithsonium, and 
Cockrun's galry,* it ware gloyus. Time floo, and ix- 
pensis wuz hevy. 

This heer Cockrun's galry gits its naim from a 

* ** Cockrun's galry*' was then in Mr. C.'s priyate residence — a 
mere nucleus of the present admirable gallery. 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 113 

white marvel gal, rite start bodily nakid, standin on 
a velvit stump in the fur eend uv a room filled with 
paintid pickchers. It's mighty pritty, Billy, mighty 
pritty ; and I reckin about the best formdid gal in 
Emeriky. I wisht I cood a seen her drest fur a Hop, 
and seen her set doun and talk. I jedge she'd a made 
a impreshin. 

A Hop, Billy, air a danse they has every nite in 
the parlers ux the big tavuns. Oans, a roscul ! carrid 
me the fust tiem to wim at the Mintzpi Hous, and 
beleevin what he tole me, und he doin uv the saim, 
thar we went a hoppin round the room like a cupple 
uv mainyaks, stid uv dansin as we ought to. Nuver 
did I heer peepul laf so senst I wer born. 

The Smithsoniura, whar the Cluk uv the Wether 
livs, with his insterments to mezure tlie ar and the 
rain, an tellin uv a hot day from a cole wun, you 
goes to to heer lecktchurs on vayus subjicks. Leckt- 
chur air a kind uv sermun, without eny trimmins, 
no tex, no singin uv hims or prars or doeksollygis. 
I heer a man thar lectchur whitch he had bin to the 
Noth Pole and staid thar two years. Oans sais he 
sed the Noth Pole ware a simmun tree full uv peck- 
erwood nesses, but I dident heer him say so. Then 
agin, peepul goes to the Smithsonium fer no resin at 
all, except twuz to nock roun and look at a room 
full uv potrits uv Injuns. And I ubservd it for a 
cuyus fac that the peepul what goes to this bildin in 
the day time, when thar aint no lecktchurs, is gin- 
eruUy a young man and lady, whitch luvs mitely to 
be by themself, and the yung lady is alwais very 
II.— 8. 



114 LETTERS OF 

moddis, warrin uv a vale and turning of her hed bo 
you nuver kin see her fais. And I ubserved the 
saim uv young men and ladis, goin in pars and wan- 
drin round in the seller uv the Captul. 

At the Theatur thar is fo' kind up plays. Thar's 
Trajidy, and Komedy, and Fars, and Ballay. You've 
see a littil nigger, when he thot no body warnt a 
notesin uv him, snatch a sweet tater out'n the ashes 
and run roun the chimbly and goes to gobblin uv it 
up quick bef o' sumbody cums and ketch him. You've 
seen how he blewd and suckd and puft and swet and 
skrude his feechurs and popt his eye, cause the tater 
is so hot. Well, that's Trajidy — that's the way the 
main man, which ginerilly gits killd, duz, and peepul 
sais it's very fine. 

You've see a self-conceetid, nonsensicul po"* gal jes 
from skool, cummin fer tlie fust time to a littil 
gethrin, a candy pullin, or the like uv that. Two 
or three bows gits to runnin on to her, and you've 
see how she riggils and twisses and lafs, and lafs, 
and lafs at nothin at all. That's Komedy, and the 
main wumun duz igzackly that way, which ameuzis 
the peepul very mutch. 

As fer Fars, that's a kind uv short Komedy, a 
boundin fer the most part, if my reckolechshin serves 
me, in nasness uv idee and speech. Sum uv um is 
pritty funny tho. 

But the Ballay* takes um all down. Dingd if it 

* Words cannot describe the effects of ballet dancing upon a 
yonng countryman who sees it for the first time. This amuse- 
ment has fallen into such disrepute that it may well be beliered 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY ITVINS. 115 

dont beet my time. Ballay is dansin on the stage, 
and sich dansin ! I'll be blamed ef uver I see or 
dreemd uv. I went to the fust wun with Oans, 
which sed we must git seets neer the stage, rite by 
the pen whar the fiddlurs and men blowin on the 
Frentch horn and beetin uv drums — all uv which is 
called Orkistur — sets. The lady that was goin to do 
the best dansin were naimed Seen-yo-reen-er RoUar. 
She wer a bewtiful black har'd Spanish lady, and 
soon after we set doun, and the music had playd and 
the curtin rolld up, she cum out like nuthin you uver 
imajind. Mayniffysent, Billy, with a par uv wings 
to her nakid shoaldurs. Her frock were spangild 
with dimunds, it were white as a clowd, and fine as a 
fog, and I wish I may be derned ef it cum to her 
knees. I sheersly know what I shell call them 
things in a lady which I shell call legs in a man, but 
whatuver they is, in her cais they wus splendid, 
eakul almost to them thar uv Cockrun's marvel gal, 
and makin the cole chills run over you to look at 
um. 

Well, ser, she went a skippin and a hoppin and a 
pirootin aroun on the flatfom uv the stage, like a hum- 
min berd, and pritty soon she cum rite in f runt of me 
cleen to the edge of the stage, facing uv the congre- 
gashun, and shot her foot rite smack up to the seelin. 
The owdashus, onmanered thing ! in cumpny too ! 
Ef you had a stobd a derk thoo and thoo my hart, it 
coodent uv jumpt no mo' than when she dun it. I 

that the American people wiU never again go mad as they did 
forty years ago over Fanny EUsler. 



116 LETTERS OF 

leetil mo' to faintid. Oans he la£Ft rite out, and the 
congegashun hoorawd and clapt, and stompt like 
fewry. She kep on a doin uv it, and a feller drest 
tite is his skin cum out and flung her over his hed 
and dun I dunno what all, and the peepul hoorawin 
and a goin on wuss than befo'. 

I were so shamed I darsent hardly look up, but 
the ladis and gentilmen belongin to the first famlis 
uv Washintun hily apruved uv it all. You kin jedge 
uv yo oan kunclushins in the case what must be the 
nacher of Washintun sosiety. 

In adishin to these heer amewsmints, the men 
peepul uv Washintun have a way uv a spendin uv 
thar spar tiem in the day that is very kuyus. It is 
a playin uv a gaim by the naim uv the gaim uv bil- 
lyuds. They takes a tremendus planner and takes 
out all the insides — the music fixins — and kivers the 
hole top uv it with a green cloth, makin a big tabil 
uv it, with the edges uv the tabil turnd up like the 
edges of a stew pan. At every one uv the cornders 
and in the middle uv the two long sides uv the tabil 
is put a rettykewl, makin uv six rettykewls in all. 
On the tabil tliar is fo balls, two white and two red. 
One uv the white balls is got a fly spec on it, which 
fer the resin they call it a black ball. The fellers 
that's agoin to play, talks in thar hand a whiteoake 
whip staff without any thong at all, but havin the 
eend uv it pintid with a little pees of soul lether a 
bout the sise uv a ten cent pees. These heer whip 
staffs is called Qs. Each feller talks his Q, chorks 
the soul lether on the eend uv it, and perseeds to job 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 117 

the balls at wun nuther and into the rettykewls on 
the sides and comders uv the tabil. Over the tabil 
a passel uv white and black nutmegs is strung on 
a wier to count the game. A nigger stands by 
with a pole havin a fiddle bridge stuck to one eend 
uv it, to snatch the balls out uv the rettykewls and 
put um back on the tabil, and keep the gaim with 
the nutmegs. And wood you bleeve it, Billy ? the 
peepul uv Washintun play at this fool gaim all day 
and all nite ! You may talk a boute the ignorunce 
uv kuntry foax, but I'll swar they aint to be cum- 
pard with toun peepul. 

I shell now tell you uv my ferst visit to the Pre- 
sydint, which happind sum tiem ago, but I has bin 
ruther techy on the subjic, and thot I woodent tell 
you nuver. But I will. 

You see in prosekewtin uv my mane desine in 
cumin heer, I maid cute inkwiris rellatif to my skeam, 
and cunclewdid from whut I heerd, it were best to 
go rite too the fountin hed, that is the Presydint, 
Mr. Wilyum Cannon himself. I had sum konver- 
sashin with Oans on this pint. 

S'e, " Is it a matter uv much impawtense ?" 

S'l, " Uv the utmus." 

S'e, " Then yo bess way will be to see the Presy- 
dint privitly. I kin mainidge it very eazy for you." 

S'l, " I shell be a thousun tiems a bleeged to you." 

S'e, "Not at all." 

So that very nite we drest up cleen and startid. 
Stid uv goin up the Avnew, we went doun in the 
dreckshun uv the Captul. 



118 LETTERS OF 

S'l, "You goin rong." 

S'e, " No. We inten sein uv the Presydint privitly, 
you kno. Uv koas we dont go to the White Hous 
whar evry body goes, but we gits to see him privitly 
at the dwellin uv a fren uv his whar he goes uv a 
nite on speshil biznis." 

We went on doun by Broun's Tavun and the 
Gnashnul, and I reckin twuz a squar further. Thar 
we went in a opin passidge and up a par uv steps, 
and the fust thing I kno we cum to a iun do. 

" Thunderashin !" I sai^, " what's this I" 

'•This ar a iun do','' sais Oans, "to keep the No 
Nuthins and Plug Uglis from a cumin in heer and a 
killin uv him." 

"Jes sOj" I sais. "Consoun thar soles! Pd like 
too see um try it while I'm heer." 

Thar were a roap with a tossil to the eend uv it 
hangin by the do', which Oans ketcht it and ringed 
a bell inside. Then a leetil Veneshin blind in the 
middle uv the do' slatcht opin, a feller looked thoo 
it, and seein it were Oans opined the iun do', and we 
walkt in. Rite into the most bewtiful poller, Billy, 
you uver see, full uv splendid fernicher, paintains uv 
the Possils and Marters, and a lady huggin uv a 
tolibly nakid baby, a heap mo things, and sum sevril 
gentilmen a reedin uv newspapurs. 

S'l, trimblin, "Whar is he?" 

S'e, "In the nex room." 

I lookt and thar wuz anuther poller, prittier then 
the ferst, with a heap mo pictchers, splendid lookin 
glassis, and eny quantity uv gentilmen settin roun a 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 119 

tabil whar thar were anuther gentilmun doin uv 
Bumthin I coodin see. Up over the bed uv the 
gentilmun behine the tabil wer a paintin uv a 
ternendus Tiger, and I notist arfterwuds thar wer a 
Tiger paintid on the carpit uv both pollers. 

Oans seen me lookin at the Tiger sais: 

" This hous are the privit rezidints uv the Minister 
uv Bengali, and that's why he's got the pictcher uv 
the Tiger, becaws the Tiger ar the emblim uv the 
Bengali peepul jes like the Egil is the emblim uv 
the Emerrykin peepul." 

"To be sho," sais I, "but," I sais, "aint thar a 
mighty heap uv seegar smoke here ? and I heer a 
powful rattlin goin on at that ar tabil, and 1 think 1 
distinguisht the soun uv a oath." 

" Oh !" he sais, " the Minister uv Bengali is a fine 
feller and lets evry body do is they please." 

"Eite whar the Presydint is?" 

"Sertin, the Presydint dont keer." 

" But," I sais, " who's that littil ballheddid yaller 
man in the jump-jackit, standin thar ? Pears like he's 
waitin on sumbody." 

S'e, " That's a very distinguisht man. That's Dred 
Scot,* the Envoy Extrawdinnery and Plennypoten- 
cherry from Sain Dominger, that the Spreame Kote 
made sich a fuss a bout." 

S'l, "think I has heerd the naim befo. He aint 
white tho, Oans." 

* '* ThaVn Dred Scot'' The right of a State to reclaim a fugi- 
tive slaye was tested in the United States Supreme Coui-t in the 
case of Dred Scott, a famous name in consequence. 



120 LETTERS OF 

S'e, "Sertny not. He's a Domraynicker man." 

"But he wasnt speckild, Billy; he were regler 
yaller, like eny mlatter." 

Oans maid me taik a seegar, and took me to a side 
bode whar thar wuz evry sort uv licker set out, and 
giv me a drink uv prime whiskey, and then we took 
cheers by the fier and smoakt. I lissened good, and 
I dont think I uver heerd sich swarrin in the next 
room in my life, ixcept in ole Swomplanzis room 
that nite when the yung Kongrismen Joans and 
Bosin wuz thar. I tole you uv it, Billy. Then thar 
wer a kontinyul rattlin and a rattlin. 

The man a settin behine the tabil wood say, "Awl. 
reddy ?" "Awl set ?" and then sech anuther goin on, 
goodness/ One feller sais "Hold!" anuther sais 
"Hold yo bosses." "Dont tern," sais another. 
^' Take them red wuns out'n the pot and put um be- 
hine the tray." " Let tke?n run to the dews." And 
they kep a rattlin and a rattlin. A feller sais 
"EoU!" anuther sais "Rip um, dam um!" 

Then they all shet up, and minnit arfter cum- 
menst a cussin worse than uver. 

"By G— d! I raked him fo and aft." "Took 
him, dam him." "Well, I fell fer menny a shad." 
"That's a dam sweet Jack, aint it?" "Yes, a h — ^11 
uv a Jack !" " I've bin a buckin against the — thing 
all nite, and d — me ef he aint took me evry tiem." 
" I tole you so ; nobody but a — fool would a kep 
on when he seen um runnin wun way all the tiem." 
"Well, I dont want nun uv yo advise," and so on, 
and so on ; and sich a rattlin and a rattlin. 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 AND BILLY IVVINS. 121 

I sais to Oans : 

" In the nairn of sense, whut's the meenin uv this 
heer rackit ?" 

" Oh I" he saisj " that's nuthin but diplomesy." 

Which he ixplained diplomesy to meen the quorlin 
nv grate men when they tries the destiny uv nashins 
with keerds. 

"Well," s'l, "who's the man behine the tabil?" 

"That's Mister Deeler." 

" Yes, I heerd um call him Mr. Deeler, but who's 
Mr. Deeler?" 

"The Minister from Bengali, uv koas." 

" Well, he hav a f orrin look," I sais. 

Then he tole me the naims uv all uv um; but 
when I assd him to interjuice me to the Presydint, 
he tole me to wait tel the diplomesy ware over. I 
assd him then to pint him out to me, and he pintid 
at him, but I coodint see him, owin to the crowd, 
which kep increesin, tho sum went out okashinally. 
The cussin and the swarrin and the smokin went on 
wuss and wuss at the tabil. 

Presintly ole Mr. Dred Scot cum in with a yung 
persun that sertny ware a nigger, tho Oans swo he 
wuz a Injun Printz from Centril Emeryky, (enyhow 
he had wooly har,) and Dred Scot he tole um supper 
ware reddy. Sum remaned at the tabil with Mr. 
Deeler from Bengali. I wuz a wotchin uv um goin 
in to supper, when Oans he techt my arm and sais : 

"Thar he is; don't let him see you a lookin at 
him." 

And thar he set, Billy, the Cheef Majistrait uv 



122 LETTERS OF 

the Yunitid Staits, which I thonght his har were 
gray, but twuz blak, — died, Oans sed, fer an evenin 
party, — a powful dark cumpleeted man, imposin in 
apeerunce, a settin in a cheer a reedin uv a paper.* 

Fergittin uv what Oans tole me, I stard at him 
like enything, and he ketcht me. When he walled 
his great big black eyes at me, Billy, I ware reddy 
to give rite up, thar wer sumthin so overpowrin in 
the idee uv being lookt at by a Presydint ; I coodn 
keep my eyes ofPen him, and, seein what a fool I 
ware, he got up and cum rite at me. I were goin t& 
run, but Oans hilt me. 

Sais he, in the plesint vois uv affability and a 
smilin at the saim tiem. Sais he : 

"Wont you walk in and take supper? You'll 
find a very good supper in the nex room. Walk in.'^ 

S'l, "I'm a thousin tiems ableeged, but ef you'U 
please to ixcuse me, sir, I aint hongry." 

"Well," he sais, "walk in with yo fren and talk a 
cup uv coffee, a glass uv wine, or you and yo fren 
kin talk sumthin here at the side-bode." 

Oans he farly pulled me away. I dident wanter 
go a tall, the Presydint he talkt so frenly, and then 
agin I deside to see him on privit biznis, you kno^ 
but Oans he sed it ware kuntrary to ettyket to see 
him on privit biznis befo we eet. 

Well, sir, we went into suppur, and by the livins ! 
they had thar mighty nigh evry thing that uver went 
doan the neck uv man — ^beef, muttin, vensin, ham, 

* Prindle, or Pringle, the greatest faro- dealer of his day and 
generation. 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 12S 

terky, dux (uv a kine they calls canvis bax,) fouls, 
oshters, homny, pesurves, pickil, vayus kines uv bred,, 
inclewding uv buckwheet cakes and waffnls, selry^ 
plums, ammuns, filbuts, and evrything in the werld 
to drink, from tea up to the squirtin kine uv wine 
they call shampane. The diplomesy men, sum uv 
hoom lookt like I had seen um bef o in Kongris, wuz. 
a talkin uv poUytix, cussin and eetin like the dickuns,. 
and me and Oans jes wadid rite in and eet and drink 
the squirtin wine tel we like to bustid. Nuver did I 
injoy sech a meel befo; the memry uv it remaned 
with me evin yit. 

Arfter suppur, feelin fine and fraid uv nuthin, I 
walkt up to Mr. Dred Scot, the yaller Dommynicker 
man, and tole him I wantid to see the ole man privitly. 
I calld the Presydint the "ole man," jes to show 
Scot how I warnt no strainger in the plase, and felt 
apun turms uv equolity with eny man. 

Scot he sed the ole man ware gone to bed — retide 
for the nite, and Oans, he cummin up about that 
tiem, giv the Envoy Ixstrawdinnerry from Sain Do- 
minger a quorter, and what astonisht me, he took ity 
and sed we must " call agin." And we leff without 
me seein uv the Presydint in privit a tall. But I 
ware glad to hav see him eny way, becaws he pre- 
duced a favable impreshin upon me. He ware sertny 
very amebil and perlite. 

Yose constantly, 

Mozis Addums. 



124 LETTERS OF 



SEVENTH LETTER. 

Hozis AND Mayan. — A Besolution. — I Fight. — Mozis Abbest- 
ED. — HoBBiD Times. — Things Cleab 0pp. — Second Visit to 

THE PbESYDINT. 

DEAR BILLY : I cum hoam f um a visitin uv 
the Presydint in high sperits. The squirtin 
wine had got into my hed, which it felt like a hous- 
raisin wuz a goin on somewhar, or ruther like the 
publick mind ware roustid apun a impawtunt Bubjick 
of general intris. Thar apeared to be a good eel uv 
ixsitemunt, and I had a inlarged vue, as it twuz fum 
sum mounting eminents. Oans he poked off to one 
plais or anuther, levin me to entur my bodin hous 
aloan, but puffickly cuntentid and rezined. The fust 
thing I heard it were littil ole Melloo a skratchin on 
his fiddil and a makin uv prehaps the sicknest and 
horowblis souns in the worl. He can't play no fiddil. 
The next thing I dun, I run aginst Mayan in the 
dark — snatcht her rite up, carrid her in my room, 
shet^the do', and lockt it, detummined to drskuver 
the reesin she spoke Inglish snmtiems and then agin 
Irish snmtiems, or dy in the atemp. She ware solid, 
Billy, is a wannut stump, wayin, I jedged, a hundud 
and fotty poun neet, but she warnt nuthin but a 
shuck boalstur to me, feelin is I did. Mo rover, it 
ar a known fac that a man, mo ptickly ef he ar yung, 
kin toat mo gal, mo ptickly ef she ar yung and pritty, 
then uv eny uther substunts uv nater, whether uv 



M0ZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 125- 

the anemil, vedjetuble, or minrul kingdum; and I 
candlely bleeve that eavin a par uv muels kin haul 
f o' to one, by weight, uv gearls to eny uther kine uv 
truck. 

I hadin seen Mayan to speak to her fer I dunno 
when. So I set her doun on a cheer, lit my lamp, 
set doun myself, and lookt at her and sed nuthin. I 
dident know what too say. I had dun dun the thing 
almost befo I knowd it, thout knowin how I cum to 
do it, and had nearly forgot what I dun it fer igzackly^ 
She lookt at me mad is fier. 

"Is it outin yo sensis ye ar?" she sais. 

I shet my mouth hard. 

" I do be thinkin its murther ye ar arf ther." 

I sais not a sillybul. 

She jumpt at the do' like litenin, but I ketcht her,, 
took the key out and put it in my pocket. She fit 
desprit, but I hilt her, and finely set her back in the 
cheer agin, while she set thar pail is flour, pantin fer 
breth, and lookin at me with her black eyes like she'd 
bum me cleen up. I set puffickly still and dident 
bat my eye wunst. Then she giv up. She took to 
cryin like I don't warnt to see nobody cry agin. I 
drord my cheer up and took her han ; she thode me 
off like I'd been a mockersin snaik and cryd mo then 
uver. I tried it agin ; she thode me off agin f eerser 
then the fust time> and kep on a cryin. I gethered 
a pipe, filled it with that good Linchbug tobarker,. 
and pretindid to smoak. But I ware skeerd. I 
were feard she'd kill herself, she cryd so. I begged 
her, I sais : 



126 LETTERS OF 

"Mayan, for the Lord's saik don't cry so. I don't 
mean you no harm. I'd die ten thousin deths befo 
I'd hert a har uv yo hed." 

But that maid her wuss. So thar we set, — she a 
cryin and I a trimblin. You may depen I repentid 
what I had dun. I got up and opined the do', on- 
loekt it, and spred it wide opin. She stopt in a 
minnit. She got up to go out, still a sobbin, but 
makin no noise. I put my han on her shoalder very 
gently, and sais: 

" Pleas don't go, Mayan." 

She didn pull mighty hard, so I jes led her back 
eesy, and set her doun agin, and she commenst a 
cryin, but not like befo — ^peard like it come mo 
softer to her. I hitched up my cheer clost to her, 
tryin to taik her han, but she puUd it away, slowly 
tho'. Arfter while she lookt up at me, her buteful 
black eyes full uv teers, and sais, mighty sorrerful 
and reproachful, she sais : 

"Mistur Addums, you ortint to do me so." 

" Thar now, thar now !" I sais, jumpin spang outin 
my cheer ; " thar now ! I ketched you. By gravy !" 
I sais, "that's no Irish talk, and you aint no Irish 
nuther. Now you got to up and tell me evry single 
bit about yoself. Yu've bin a possumin long anuf, 
and you shant go a step tel you tell me. You sertny 
shell not." 

She lookt at me like she'd look me throo. Then 
ehe smiled a littil bit uv a smile, but her eyes still 
full uv teers, and sais, solium as possybil : 

"Then shet the do'." 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY I WINS. 127 

I shet it, quick. 

"Lock it," she sais. 

I lockt it. I ware corain back to taik my seat, 
when she sais, in the saim sorrerf ul vois : 

" Hadint you better blow out the lite ? Some uv 
the gentilmen might wanter cum in to see you." 

" Well I" thinks I, " this beets the beet." But I 
blode out the lite and sais nuthin. 

Then she made me to go with her to the back 
winder, whar the moon was a shinin over the hous- 
tops, and thar we set doun, and she tole me every- 
thing. I shill tell you awl about it sum these dais. 
She's a rispectable girl, Billy, hily ejukatid, and uv 
good parrintidge — a reel lady, in fac. Her father is 
s, kine uv preecher, which they calls in Hand a 
Q'rate, gittin monsus po' pay, sumthin like a sirkit 
rider, which he's a gentilman nuvertlieless. She 
ware a high-sperritid gearl, which rund away becos 
her father marrid her step-muther and she coodint 
git along with her. When she cum to this kuntry, 
she took to talkin like the rest uv the charmber 
mades, and took to doin uv hous wurk, becos, she 
€ed, it ware the ferst thing that come to hand, and, 
arfter tryin it, she liked it becos it kep her helthy 
and in good sperits. Her farther have sent her 
munny to come hoam repeetidly, but she wont come, 
on a count uv her step-muther. She staid in Knew 
Yawk a year, then come heer, whar she's bin goin 
on 2 years. This ar a meer outlyin uv the fax uv 
the case, Billy, but it's the plane truth, and nuthin 
elts. What a picteher uv the sersiety uv the grate 



128 LETTERS OF 

sitty uv Washintun. A white gearl, a pritty gearl^ 
a reel lady, with f otty times the sense uv the womun 
that hires her, waitin on evry Tom, Dick and Harry t 
It's too bad, too bad intily ! and ortent to be so no 
longer. I ixpee thar's menny anuther po gearl jes 
like Mayan is, and she sais so too. 

We had a long, long, happy talk thar by the 
winder. I declar, Billy, I nuver felt so sosherbil 
and sattisfide in my life. She seamed to plais so 
much confidents in me, like I wuz her bruther, or 
kussen, or sum thin. It tetched me to the co'. A 
cloc striked 2 befo' we partid, and then I didn want 
her to go, but she sed she must. I give her my 
lamp, she lit it, tole me not to say nuthin to nobody 
bout what she had tole me, tole me good nite, and 
when she got part way up the steps stopt, and, 
smilin doun at me, tole me good nite agin. Oh^ 
Billy, Billy, hunny ar wirmwood cumpared to the 
speech uv wimmin snmtimcs. Goodness nose ! it doo 
appear to make a feller's hart melt in his bress. 

I didn sleep nun that nite ; I didn eavin ondress* 
I jes laid on the bed thinkin, thinkin, in a sort uv 
trants, and shood uv hav laid thar fur uver, ef, a bout 
the braker day, Mr. Argruff, he hadinter cum in» 
His face ware gassly and evil beyond amost enything* 
He dropt into a cheer and bowd his hed upon the 
tabil and giv a grone — sich a grone ! it friz the blud 
in my very vanes. Then he looks up, like he dident 
know whar he ware, and begins to cuss hisself orful^ 
orfu', and call hisself fool, fool, fool, like he wisht 
he cood tar his hart out and distroy hisself with hi& 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY I WINS. 129 

own langwidge. I jumpt offin the bed and run to 
him and begd him to tell me what the matter wuz. 
He give a start saim is ef he'd bin shot. Billy, he 
ware drunk. His breth had that ar green, pizenus 
odnr uv a man that drinks a heep and constant. He 
thought he ware in his oan room, and when he foun 
whar he wuz, and seen me good, he knew me, he 
begins a cryin, and sich cryin — Mayan's warnt nuthin 
to it. It ar a turrabil thing fer to see a man cry is 
he dun. It mighty nigh killed me, cos I has a high 
apinyun uv Mr. Argruff. 

When he got over his fit, at least the wust nv it, 
he let me know all bout it. Betwixt his intruption 
uv his remarks with fust a cryin and then a cussin 
uv himself, I cood barly make out whut he sed, ixcept 
it twuz this: That he were in love with a ynng lady, 
which I shant call her name, and had coted her, and 
she had kickt him, and he goes and gits drunk, and 
the fust thing he node he had dun gone and got in 
bed with her farther, and tole him how he loved his 
dawter and awl about it. Did you uver heer uv 
sich a thing, Billy ? It ware enuf to make him cuss 
hisself , and mo' too. When he cum to tell about it, 
I thought he'd a gone distracktid with shaim, he 
ware so mad with hisself. 

I cumfutted him the bess I cood, which it ware 
ruther po' cumfut, trid to maik him lay down in my 
bed, but he wooden let me ; so I tuk him to his oan 
room, ondrest him, put him to bed, and left him. 

My hart ware hevvy is led, thinkin' how the bess 
peepul in Washingtun seamd to be fliektid with sum 
II.— 9. 



130 LETfERS OF 

dredf 111 habbet or anuther, and how retcliid a life the 
happiest uv um leeds, when I cum away frum the 
hoiis whar Mr. Argruff boded. I felt like I wantid 
to git away frum thar, and git hoam whar thar wuz 
sum quiat and pees, and whar peepul, ef they aint 
smart, is eertny natchrul and contentid. 

When I cum to the Mintzpi Hous, and had eet my 
breckfuss, Miss Saludy Trungil and her littil sister 
got arfter me, pleggin me most to deth. Fust they 
tole me my sweetart, Miz Hanscum (which she nuver 
wuz no sweetart uv mine a tall), had dun rund away 
with a feller, and gone posably to the devil. And I 
dident keer ef she had. Then tliey kept a makin 
me tell bout my visit to the Presydint, and the mo I 
tole how kinely the Presydint treated me, and how 
much I wer pleesed and all, the mo they laflFt and 
lafPt, untel I thought nar one uv um had good sense. 
No wonder they lafFt ; for ef you bleeve me, Billy, I 
hadint seen no Presydint a tall, and the hous which 
I thought it ware the privit resedints uv the Ministur 
uv Bengali wuz what they call a Forrer Bank. Fer- 
rer is sumtimes called Farrow and sumtimes Fareo, 
and it ar a gaim uv cards, playd out uv a kind of 
Seedlitt's Pouder box, and a hole passil uv roun 
peeces of ivry; but Forrer ar the rightest way to 
pernounts it. 1 has sence seen the gaim plaid a sev- 
ril number uv times, but kinnot understand it ig- 
^ackly. 

It war a long tiem befo' I cood farly bleeve that 
Oans he wood fool me so about the Presydint, and I 
don't think now he wood uv dun it ef that iar littil 



MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 131 

yaller fiddlin tacky iiv a Melloo hadint a put him up 
to it. I wisht I may be consoun ! ef when I foun 
out he had a prinserpul hand in it, ef I didin have a 
good mine to war him out aginst the groun. But, 
in pint of size, he aint no mo' to me then a huckil- 
berry in a wagun, and I nuver yit fit a runt, and 
nuver intens to. 

Well, I lef the Mintzpi Hons mad is the very 
devel and distrest in the bargin. It taint so mighty 
plesint to find peepul keep constunt makin fun uv 
you and deseevin uv you, which shows the meenniss 
uv citty folks, which has sense anuff to tend to thar 
oan biznis ef they got eny. 

I had dun waitid and waitid about that ar skeam 
uv mine, and spent munny nntel it warnt no use in 
waitin no longer, and I coodin bar to wait a minnit 
mo. So I goes to my trunk, gits it out, wrops it up 
keerfully, and goes and shoNVs it to a man apintid to 
tend to them things. He tole me it warnt wuth a 
dam. But I seen thoo that. He jes wantid to git 
me to sell it to him fer nuthin, then he cood maik a 
everlastin forchin out'n it. So I goes to anuther — 
thar's hunduds uv um in Washintun, Billy. He sais 
the saim the fust man sed. So I goes to anuther^ 
and anuther, and anuther, untel I was broke down 
with fateeg and dissypintment at the meanniss and 
jellersy uv mankine. One feller did offer to talk 
and put it thrue, ef I'd giv him thurty dollars. I'd 
a giv enything, but when I cum to igsamine my 
munny pus I foun I didn have five dollars in the 
worl. This shockt me, cos I knew I owde fer bode 



132 LETTERS OF 

and a good meny uther things. The feller offud to 
taik what munny I had, but I tole him no, I war 
blees to keep that, and a gread to giv a writraent, a 
bond, sined with my oan naim. He lafft at me and 
told me I wuz a fool. I jes took that thing, wropt 
it up agin in my hankprchif , went hoam, put it keer- 
fuUy back in my trunk, and cum back and give that 
feller the prittiest top-dressin a man uver had. I 
masht his pleggid nose flat to his roscuUy fais, and 
bungd his eyes that bad that I boun he doant see fer 
six munts. He hollerd murder, and the patrollers 
cum and collard me, and carrid me befo a majestrait, 
and I shood uv hav bin ritin to you in jail, ef Oans 
and Melloo hadint cum and giv bond and scurety I'd 
behave myself for a year. They let me go, but I 
didn keer what becum uv me. I seen the hole worl 
ware turnd aginst me, and when I cum to ask su q 
cluks which I had lent munny to, I coodin git a cent,, 
and what to do I didn kno. 

In the eavnin Cans and Melloo tole me Mr. Ar- 
grufF ware ded, havin blode his brains out with a pis- 
tul, and that ar fellar which I had beet fer callin uv 
me a fool had challindged me to fite him a dewil, 
intendin to hav my blud. But it warnt so. Mr* 
ArgrufP, disgustid at hisself , had packt his trunk and 
gone hoam, wharuver that wuz, leavin uv a note ad- 
visin uv evryboddy in Washintun to do the saim, (;o& 
he sais the devil has done took perseshun uv the 
sitty, havin uv a bill uv sale fer it in his britchis 
pockit. And as for that ar feller, I nuver heerd no 
mo frum him, sertin. 



MOZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 133 

But my sperits wuz cleen gone, and whotnver 
wood a becuin uv me that nite, the Lord only knows 
•ef it hadinter bin for Mayan, which her reel naim 
aint Mayan a bit, but Noahrer Glennun, a very pritty 
naim I'm sho, and a better or more likely and smarter 
gearl nuver drord the breth uv life. I coodin stay 
in the poller of the Mintzpi Hous, cos all the ladies 
had got mad with one anuther bout a feller, which I 
ahant call his naim, which wuz a cuttin uv his rustics 
with all the marrid ladies, and cos anuther man, a 
membur uv Kongris, which ware a bodin thar, had 
bin ketched a kissin anuther man's wife in the pas- 
fiige. Then agin, I ware feerd the man whut kep 
the tarvun (the Mintzpi) wood ass me for the munny 
I ode him. And in the hous whar I had my room, 
things wuz orful bad also, cos I ode munny thar too, 
and ole Swomplans wuz drunk rarrin around like 
thunder and wuss, cos he and anuther Kongrissmun 
had had a quorl. And the Dutchmun and his wife, 
which had them babis in the room abuv mo, had 
goned away; likewise the railrode man; and Melloo 
and Oans, they'd gone off; and things wuz dark and 
desertid tel I farly thought the nex thing Gabrill 
wood bio' his hon and tiem shood be no mo. And I 
were feered to go on the street, becos the rowdis and 
Plug Uglis,* which had bin behavin bad all the time 

♦ ^^ Plug Ugli8,^' So admirable is the existing police system in 
the United States, that one finds it hard to believe that only 
twenty years ago all the great cities, but especially Baltimore, and 
•even Washington itpelf, the centre of government, were infested 
with ruffians who made night as hideous and dangerous as in Lon- 



13i LETfEKS OF 

sense I set foot in the sitty, had dun broke loose and 
wuz a shootin and a stabbin and a murdrin and a 
knockin donn and a draggin out everybody that cum 
along, white or black, rich or po', or eny thing. 

But Noahrer she cum to my room and we had 
anuther nice, long, confedenshul talk, like we had 
the nite befo. She ar such a good gearl, Billy, and 
talks sich good Inglish, and, altho she knows I aint 
so mighty smart, pears to rispect and look up to me 
so. A man kin no mo help trustin his seekrits to a 
gearl like that than a man kin keep frum warmin 
himself by a fier when he's colde. I tole her about 
my skeam, who I wuz, whar I cum frum, my pa- 
runts, my little plantashun, niggers, bosses, craps, and 
all. She gimme a heap uv good advise 'bout trustin 
too much to peepul, and we all injoyed one nuther's 
cumpany tell it wuz mighty nigh 2 o'clock in the 
mornin agin. Nuver shill I forgit them two nites to 
the longest day 1 live, and shill alwais be thankful on 
account uv winimin kind in this worl for the saik uv 
Koahrer, fer ef it hadinter bin fer her I dunno whe- 
thur I shood a bin liftin uv a pen now, Billy. Tell 
Dellywar Sinker to sell evry bit uv the con and 

don before the streets were illumined except by link-boys. The 
very names of these bands of outlaws, *'PIug Uglies,'* ** Blood 
Tubs," **Kam8." Ac, have lost their meaning, but they were 
words of terrible import to gentlefolk in Mozis's time. Most of 
these binds were nominally fire companies, and we owe to the 
steam fire engine not only exemption from conflagrations, often 
caused by the fire companies themselves as an excuse for rows 
and pillage, but a security for life and limb which could not well 
have been attained while these rascally organizations existed. 



MOZI8 ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVIN8. 135 

wheet I kin posbly spar and send me the munny 
drectly, becos jest is soon is I kin pay off whut I owe, 
I'm a gointer to make that gearl a fust rate present, 
ef she'll taik it, which I'm afeerd she wont, seein how 
high-sprited she ar. 

Nex day things took a turn. Things peered to 
cleer off, like arfter a long spell uv rain, when Cat 
Tail ar a risin tremendus, thretnin to sweep evry- 
thing off'n the lo groans. Nobody didint dun me fer 
no munny, and over at the Mintzpi peepul peared to 
hav maid frens, mighty quick I thought, and afars 
seemed to be workin well all aroun. Miss Saludy 
Trnngil and her littil sister didn't giv themself no 
grate greef about a losin uv Mr. Argruff, but went 
strait ahed, ketchin mo bows, printsply ole men goin 
to the yung one, and a ball-hedid gentilmun, with 
gole spectickles, goin for Miss Saludy. They didint 
plegg me no mo about goin to see the Presydint at 
the Forrer Bank, but peared to be pritty mutch 
wropt up in thar oan afars. The bewtif ul littil gearl 
from Injanner, she talkt to me sum, and so did them 
two pritty marrid ladis I tole you uv. I felt heap 
bettur. Oans, he cum up and apoUygized fer foolin 
uv me at the Forrer Bank. I tole him that senst he 
had delivud me out'n the strong arms uv the Lor and 
the Jestis uv the Pees, I had dun forgiv him long 
ago. Then he sais: 

" To maik up fer my bad conduck, I'll taik you to- 
night to see the Presydint in fac." 

I tole him he coodin fool me no mo ; but he sais : 

" Thar's a Levvee to-night, and I'll taik you thar, 



136 LETTERS OF 

and you can see not only the Presydint and Miss 
Lain, but all the most distinguisht folks in the kun- 
try." 

It ware a long time befo he and the young ladis 
helpin uv him cood perswade me he warnt a jokin, 
but finely 1 kunklooded to go, and my hoaps uv my 
skeam revived imeditly. As fer seein uv the Presy- 
dint and Miss Lain, whar evrybody wuz, I didint keer 
so mighty much about it, but I detummind in my oan 
mine to evale myself uv the okashin to git my pro- 
jick fairly befo the oanly man in the Yuneyun which 
wuz likely to do it jestis — vizz : the Presydint. This 
heer Miss Lain, Billy, her naim ar Miss Haryit Lain, 
and she ar the gneiss (that's the properist way to 
spell it, Oans says. In f ac, Billy, youve notist a grad- 
jul impruvemint in my spellin, which ar owin to the 
fack that Oans and Melloo has been kine enuf to de- 
voat a good eel uv atenshun to me on this pint,) she 
ar the gneiss uv the Presydint. 

Well, cum nite, we-all, that is all the ladis at the 
Mintzpi, Oans and Melloo and me, got reddy. I 
wantid to taik Mayan, or rnther Noahrer, along, but 
she said no. Miss Saludy she wantid I and Oans to 
go long with her and her par in a hac, but Oans sed 
we'd better walk. Melloo he went with his sweet- 
arts, which is both the littil Trungil and the pritty 
littil gal from Injanner, nobody knows which. 

Me and Oans walked on and walked on, way up the 
Avnew, and hax and carridgis rattlin by us an car- 
ryin peepul to the Levvee, untel we past Willud's 
tavun and the Trezry bildin, a powf nl manshun, fenst 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 137 

in with pillars in the frunt, whar all the munny uv 
the Gnviimmint ar put in the seller, which I wisht 
to goodniss 1 had about a hundud and fo' dollus uv 
it just about this tiem, and then we wuz clost to the 
Igzeckutiv Manshin, as the Presydint's hous are 
calld. 

Goin along Oans, he sais to me, sais he, 

"Mozis, a feller goin to the Levvee fer the ferst 
tiem are genrnlly cunsiderubbly imbarist. I faintid 
the ferst tiem I went thar, and Melloo, bein uv a 
timmid man, took to his bed for 3 weeks arfter- 
wnds." 

S'l, "Dont ef you plees talk that ar way; you 
skeer me to deth." 

S'e, " Not a tall. I wantid to prepar your mine. 
The way fer a feller to do ar jest to act igzactly at 
his ees, maik himself puffickly at hoam, cos the hous 
dont blong to the Presydint, but to the peepul of the 
Tunited Staits, which givs it to him, chargin uv him 
no rent, and you bein one of the peepul uv the Yu- 
nited Staits, uv coas it belongs to you much as to eny- 
body elts. You ar jest is good is enybody, and you 
must act a kordin." 

I tole him I ware much ableeged to him fer tellin 
uv me, ptickly that part about the hous blongin to 
me, and which tharfo I shood feel intily and puffickly 
at hoam. 

We went on, passin by a heap uv hax and things, 
goin throo a iun gate, long a kervd pavemint whar 
thar wuz mo hax strung out in a lien and mo a comin 
constunt, untel we got to the White Hous, which ar 



138 LETPERS OF 

aniither naim for the Igzeckntiv Manshin. It have 
a imments big poche in f runt uv it, like the poche uv 
a Kote Hous, with very tall pillows, and, kuyus enuf ,. 
the hax and carridgis drives right spang into this 
poche, and one half uv it havin no flo at all but a 
gravly rode runnin rite thoo it, and the uther half 
bein paved with rock, and hisetid abuv the groun 
that you has to go up a few steps to git to it. 

Uv the glowry and the splendur, the menny pee- 
pul and the bar-arm d and barneckt ladies I seen in- 
side, wurds, Billy, kin giv you no idee, not the leest.. 
I ruther think it beets the Forrer Bank and the Ix- 
chain both put together. A white sarvunt, look to 
me like a Prisbyteyun preechnr, took our hats and 
big coats soon's we got in, giv us a brass check fer 
um like they givs fer your trunk on the railrode, and 
jobbed them in a hole, which they had about a thou- 
sun holes made thar fer the puppus. 

Me and Oans then smoothed our bars and prepard 
to git interjuist to the Presydint. I nuver felt rao 
nachrul in my life, and wuz rezolootly rezolvd to hav 
my skeam atentid to that very nite. In order to git 
to the Presydint you has to go throo about twenty 
dififrent rooms, all openin into one anuther, all uv a. 
diffrint culler, blue and red and green and white, and 
full uv the most magniffysent fernicher, gilt mostly 
with gold, and shinin under the gas light tel it farly 
addles your brane. The peepul thats goin to be in- 
terjuist to the Presydint forms in a line, two and 
two, like mustrin, and, arm in arm, goes on fmm one 
room to anuther untel at last they git to the one whar 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 139' 

the ole man stands up and shakes hands with evry- 
body. Oans ketcht me by the arm, and we went on. 
and on and on mighty slow, peepul, bar-neckt ladis 
printsply, befo us, and peepul behind us, and the 
ferst thing I know, thar wnz the Presydint — a pow- 
f ul, hevvy-bilt, tall, ole, greyhedid man, with a white 
crevat, his hed twisted one side, and his eye ruther 
cockt. Oans ware interjuist ferst, and then a man 
that stood thar fer the ixpress purpus, grabbed me 
by the elbow, and assed me my naim; 1 tole him 
Mozis Addums, and he sais "Mister Mozis AddnmSy 
Mister Presydint; Mister Presydint, Mister Mozis 
Addums," and the Presydint shook me, ruther keer- 
lessly I thought, by the hand, and moved it, kinder 
pushin me off frum him. But I ware bent apun 
seein uv him about that thing, so I sais in a very 
klectid and oddibul vois, so is to show peepul like I 
ware used to bein thar, and felt at hoam in my oan 
lious — I sais, " Kin I see you a minnit, Mr. Cannun ? 
Jes' step this way, ef you pleas." 

He jukt his hand away, and begins a shakin hands 
with sumbody behine me, pretendin like he didint 
heer me, wliich I knowd he did, cos thar wnz a gen- 
rul movemint all round, like sumthin had hapind. I 
muss say I considud this as bein desididly bad man- 
nurs. He may be a very grate man, but I and uther 
peepil hires him by the ear to ten to our bizness, and 
twuz iz littil as he cood do to treat a body rispeckt- 
fully. 

Enny way I had to leeve him. Lookin roun fer 
Oans, I coodin see him, and I sais, "Whar's Oans?"^ 



140 LETTERS OF 

and nobody anserd, and anuther man ketcht me by 
the elbo agin, and interjuisis me to Miss Lain, the 
gneiss uv the ole Presydint. She wjti'e a splendid 
lookin lady, drest in black (Oans tole me, arfterwuds, 
she wuz in monin fer Mr. Lecompting) and havin uv 
her arms and shoalders bar, and havin, I swar, uv the 
finist skin I uver see, white is satin. I warnt discum- 
boberated nun, but remembrin I wuz in my oan hous, 
-sais: 

" Good eavnin'. Miss Hary it ; * I'm glad to see you 
lookin so well this eavnin. ToUibul nise cumpny 
you got heer this eavnin. Euther warm for the 
timer year." 

She made me a low curchy, and she said to me : 

"I thanky. Sir," she sais, "I'm only tollibul this 
eavnin," and then she wuz goin to say sumthin mo', 
but wuz took with a fit uv coffin behine her fan, and 
fltopt. 

S'l, "You got mighty pritty har. Miss Haryit. 
You remines me a good eel uv my cussin Betsy Flat- 
back, only she's a dark-skinned gearl, and you aint 
got no bumps on your forrud, nar a one, is fer as* I 
kin see." 

I thought I heem a kine uv tittrin and gigglin a 
goin on all aroun me, which I reckin I did heer it. 



* **Good eavnin', MiRS Harjit." This letter procured for Mo- 
zis an introduction to Miss Lane and a lady friend of her*8 from 
Georgia, who was spending the winter with her at the White 
House. He went so far as to attend the Sunday morning recep- 
tions of Miss L., aad, it is needless to say, found them exceed- 
ingly pleasant — not at all *'discumboberating." 



MOZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 141 

and which I has no doubt wuz on account uv po 
Oans, which jest at that minnit kecht me and hauled 
mo away, rite throo the croud, which apeard to be a 
cunsiderbul disturbid, is well is myself, fer his saik, 
I nuver did see such a fais as po Oans had. Lookt 
like it ware goin to bust plum opin, it ware so red 
and so full uv blud. He cum as nigh havin uv a 
aperplecksy and cunvulshins is enny man I uver see 
to miss it. He coodin speak a word, but hauled me 
along arfter him, way out uv tie croud, I a thinkin 
he wuz goin hoam, cos he wuz turribly sick at hi& 
stummuck. But he carrid me to the eend uv a long 
passige, whar thar wuz a big glass hous, full uv trees, 
and the minnit he got thar he laid down among the 
tubbs whar the trees wuz plantid in, and roUd over 
and over like he wuz a gointer die evry secund. I 
war goin fer a doctur, but he woodint let me. And 
he made the kuyusist soun, like laflSn, and when I see 
his fais, it lookt like he ware laflSn, but lit to kill his- 
self with it. 

S'l, " Mr. Oans, you laffin, aint you ? " 

But his jaw were lockt, and he rolled over and 
skuflSld aronn the tubbs wuss than ever. I knowd he 
ware in agny, but it sounded so much like laffin I 
ware bleest to ask him agin : 

" But aint you laffin, Mr. Oans ? " 

It ware a long tiem befo he cood reply, and when 
he did he fecht breath so hard it ware misry to heer 
him. He sais: 

" Oh ! Lord, no. I'm not a laffin. I've got a aper- 
plectic fit. My famly is subjick to um, and when 



142 LETfERS OF 

they has urn, nobody skeersly kin bleeve they aint 
laffin." 

And he laid thar pantin, like a lioun arfter a long 
chase. I reckon it wuz nigh unto a noiir befo he 
sufishintly rekuvered to git up and go back whar the 
cumpny wuz. I bresht his clothes, which they wuz 
full uv dirt whar he had roUd on the flo uv the glass 
hous, and we went back. But, po feller ! he hickupt 
and gobbled fer breth, and his ej'CS run water so that 
evrybody kep a lookin at me and him saim like we 
wuz a cupple uv wild auemils, makin it very onples- 
ant to be thar. So when we cum acrost Miss Saludy 
Trungil and sum nther folks frum the Mintzpi Hous, 
which they seemed to hav heerd how bad ofiE Oans he 
wuz, and he tole Miss Saludy he ware so week he 
cood barly stand, she offerd him a sect in her car- 
ridge, and we giv our chex and got our hats and 
coats, put uni on, and cum back, most uv the uther 
Mintzpi folks folrin beliine us in thar hax. I warnt 
sorry to leav the seen uv so mutch splendur, becos 
the ch'eef objick uv my visit, that is, seein uv the 
Presydint about my skeam, ware knockt on the h^d. 
Comin back, Oans ware took so bad agin with his 
cunvulshins, ho ware foast to leen his hed on Miss 
Saludy's shoalder, and cried and lafft and gobbled 
thar like a chile. She ware mighty good to him, and 
took him rite into the poller uv the Mintzpi; and 
thar I left him and her and Melloo, and neerly all 
the rest uv um, being ankshus myself to git over to 
jny room, becos I felt ruther badly. 

I hadin hardly got down the steps uv the Mintzpi 



M0ZI6 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 143 

beio I heerd the most orf ul laffin in the worl in the 

poller. And thar wiiz po Oans, nearly ded with a fit 

uv aperplecksy. I do think sitty folks is the most 

unfeelin uv humin beans. 

Tell nm to fix up evrything at hoam, fer I'm a 

•cnmmin the minnit I pay my debts. I aint goin to 

stay in this durn plais no longer. 

Yose truly, 

Mozis Addums. 



EIGHTH LETTEK. 

PooB Mozis ! No MuNNY.— CoMPLEAT Failube OP His Seeam. — 
An IxpiiOBHUN. — Bedside Seens. — Row at Mozis's Wedding. 
Bbilyxjmt Realizashun ok His Seeam. — The Eend. 

npwEAR BILLY: Billy, why in the worl diden 
I y yon send that ar munny on suner? You 
mighter saved me a monsns site uv trubil. I tell you 
I'vis been throo the rubbus sence I last writ, and has 
.seen a worl uv oneezyness uv mine, and been nighly 
ded, body and sole. 

I watid and watid to heer friim you. I kep axin 
the postmaster about yo letter tell he got rite mad 
with me, and ef he hadenter lived in sech a big, nise, 
rock hous, and bin pertecktid behine such a tremen- 
dus winder, with only heer and thar a hole in it — ef 
it hadenter bin fer this, I and he woulder got into a 
fite sertiu, becos I ware madder longer him than he 
ivai'e mad longer me. But nar letter nuver cum, and 
I kep on gittin mo' miserbler and mo' miserbler evry 



144 LETTEB8 OF 

day, tel I thought I'd giv the gose rite strait up then 
and thar, and nuver see you all and ole Ferginny 
agin frum tiem tel eternity. Winter had dun goned, 
but spring, which put forth her leaves uv green an 
her grass uv green und her small herds whitch sings 
in the tops uv the trees, — spring fetched no comfut 
to po' Mozis, owin, I jedged, mainly to the fact uv 
the want uv munny, a change uv arr, and turnup sal- 
let, which has a fine efec on my livur. In deede, the 
joyusness uv Nacher seemed fer to mawk my stait uv 
feelins, and the singing uv the herds and the laffin uv 
the gearls at the Mintzpi Hous, whitch they wuz 
boun to keap up with the ceezin, havin uv thar neks- 
and armes barer than uver — these heer apeared spesh- 
uUy to damp my sperits that bad that no licker nor 
whiskey nor nuthin dun um eny good. 

Then agin, Tormint lookt like it had bust apun the 
accussid sitty. Newmerus Kongrismen and ofisers 
uv the Army and uthers had had fites and kep on 
havin mo uv um, and leckshun tiems a cummin on in 
the sitty sturd up the biel uv the rowdis tel a inch- 
sreckshun uv niggers ware but a privit wrassil cum- 
pard to um. Evry nite, evy^-y singal nite and in the 
day too, rite on the mainist street, sumbody ware 
kild, shot, stobd, knockt in the hed, and sumtimes 
haf a duzen at a tiem wuz slayd in cole blud. 

Oans tole me is menny is 2 hundud wuz throte-cut 
in 1 day, but this ware a speshees uv igzadjurashun 
whitch subsurves no good puppus ixcep to friten a 
man and gits tisum arfter a tiem. He sed he carrid 
8 revolters and 2 booy nives on his pussun whenuver 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IWLNTS. 145 

he went out in the street, and edvised me to do the 
saim, but I diden hav nuthin to buy no weepuns with, 
whitch tellin him, he gose and bize me a bigg gunn 
loadened with gravil and tacks, but I got erestid the 
ferst day I shoaldud it, and he had to git me outn 
the hands uv the Jestis uv the Pees agin, arfter 
whitch he got me a boss pistul, whitch he maid me 
carry it doun ray back in tween my shoalder blaids 
to keep frum bein ubservd, tharby givin me uv a 
heap uv inkunveenyunts, owing to the thing droppin 
konstuntly doun into my britches, twel I had to tie 
the butt eend uv it with a twien string, which I hilt 
in my han all the tiem, and then I felt free to fase a 
frounin worl uv all the Plug Uglis in kreashin. 

Thar wuz 1 amewsment that it might have consold 
me, but fer 1 thing. The Captul yard and the Pre- 
sydint's yard bein all green and the weather bein 
plezint uv a evenin,a big ban uv raewzishiners, drest 
in red cotes like the British, whitch it ar calld the 
Mreen Ban, yust to cum wunst or twiest a week and 
play to hunduds and thousins uv peepul that flockt to 
heer um, awl the bewty and the shiverulry uv the 
sitty bein thar, prantzin and pradin and shoin off thar 
fine clothes, and little gals in short frocks and hoops 
runnin up and doun, up and doun, lively as crickits^ 
and evrything gay is it possbly cood be. But I diden 
injoy it nun. Mayan warnt thar, and then agin I 
ware thinkin uv my skeem, hoam, dets, and a heap uv 
trubilsum things. 

One evenin when the Ban ware playin at the Pre- 
sydint's grounds, 1 lookt over tlie wall, and thar, on a 
II.— 10. 



146 LETTEBS OF 

littil hill, set a passel nv Injuns, squottid doun on 
sum rock, smokin thar pipes, watchin the fashenubil 
croud, and thinkin uv thar oan thots. It ware a 
moanf ul site to see, Billy — ^when a feller remembud 
that wunst apun a tiem all the ^ate sitty uv Washin- 
tun yewst to blong to them Injuns' 4-fartherSj and 
now nar one uv um oand anuf Ian thar to dig um a 
graive. Me and them apeard to be like wun anuther 
fer retchidness. They had loss thar pozeshnns and I 
had dun loss my hoaps. They wuz fer, fer away fum 
hoam, and so wuz I. They had no frens, and I had 
no munny, and I ware goin to say frens nuther, but 
I wont say that. And thar the bewtyfull musick 
played and tlie pritty ladis and the hansum gintilmen 
and the happy childun walkt to the soun uv it, and 
thar wuz me and tliem po Injuns lookin moanfnlly 
on, hevy-hartid anuf, Billy, and too hevy — ^feelin we 
had no rite to be whar soe mutch injoymint ware 
goin on, and nuthin, nuthin to look forrard to. I 
<50od a cryd thinkin about it, and went away sorrer- 
full — both fer myself and them po Injuns. 

But what wust a flictid me and jobbd me doun 
into the very gulf uv dispar, wer not so mutch the 
want uv munny an bein away from hoam and all that, 
but this, Billy. Wun day, that ar ball-heded ole gen- 
tilmin whitch I tole you ware the bo uv Miss Saludy 
Trungil, and whitch he wars them gole specks I men- 
fihind, — wun day, he cum to me, and havin heerd, I 
nuver cood tell how, about my skeam, entud into 
<;onvusashin with me about it. After a good eel uv 
persuashin I jes candidly tole him all the whole biz- 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IVVINS. 147 

ness frum beginnin to een, and eaven took and showd 
him the thing itself. He keerf uUy lookt at it, and 
sed it showd a oncummun amount uv tallent indeed, 
but then he shuk his ball-hed, and makin me go to 
his apartmint, whar he had a reeul liberry uv books 
a layin on the flo', and, takin out wun uv the largist 
volyuras, red me the histry uv the subjick, whitch it 
apears, so fur frum bein aridganul with me, hav ocky- 
upide the mines uv men frum the tiem uv Tuber 
Kane to the presint day. Then he ixplained and 
pruved to me how, in the very nacher uv things, the 
skeam ware impossabul, and nuver, nuver cood be dun 
by nobody on top uv the erth, I diden keer how smart 
and edjukatid they wuz. He shorely are a kine and 
sensabul ole gentilmun, and sich I tole him, tho' my 
hart ware fit to brake at the very momint. He sed 
that thousuns uv peepul had cum to Washintnn on 
the saim bizness pecisely, and he had seen wun uv 
um, a miserbul blind man frum Kaintucky, the day 
befo. He istablisht to my inti satisfackshun that the 
mo' a man thinks uv this heer kind uv a skeam the 
WU88 it ar fer him, and ef he keeps on he ar certin to 
go distracktid. 

I hilt out is long is I cood, but finely I wuz bleest 
to cave in. So, Billy, all my vizyuns uv welth and 
happaniss wuz teetotuly smasht feruver and feruver 
mo. I had nuthin to do but go back hoam and 
skratch the saim po' man's back whar I had alwais 
skratched. Thar wuz no help fer it, nun, not the 
leetlist teenchy bit uv a shadder uv it. It ware a 
mortil blow. It hert me mo' than the tiem you all 



148 LETTERS OF 

cut doun the sickamo whar I wuz up try in to get a 
kewn outen his holler, and ef I had'nt bin flung in 
the lap uv the tree when it failed, I'd a bin killd be- 
yond redempshun. You rockolect I ware ded any 
way fer haf a day. 

All ware certny over now. Mozis, po' creetur, 
had cum to Washintun, maid a fool uv himself, spent 
all his munny and mo' besides, coodin git away, and 
the whole erth wuz black befo him is the back uv a 
chimbly. It ware a tiem what tride men's soles. It 
wuz dubbil and twistid raizry and wo. I hoap and 
pray you'll nuver git in no sitch trubbil, nor enny 
boddy elts, ixcept it wuz the meanist man that uver 
lived. 

Havin givin up all idee uv my skeam, hatin uv it 
in fac, I tuk the thing outen my trunk and flinged it 
outen the winder, but Noahrer, is I arfterwoods 
foun, gethered it up and saved it for herself. But 
what she wantid with it I dunno. She did lier very 
bess to keep my sperits up, but I ware in the lo 
grouns uv sorrer, and coodint git outen um all I and 
she cood doo. But I shill alwais luv her fer it. 
Wimrain, Billy, is the All-heelin Intmint uv the 
worl; ef it twarnt for them we men fokes wood all 
hav long sence departid this life with ring-wurrum 
uv the sole, and gone to the land uv shaddus, scabby 
all over our harts, with the 7 ear eetch broke out so 
bad that no amount uv brimstone doun belo cood uver 
cure us. 

Driv to dcsprashun by cummin out- at the little 
eend uv the ho'n with my skeam, I maid the most 



MOZIS ADDUMS TO BILLY IV^^INS. 149 

ankshus inkwiris arf ter munny, tryin fer to borry sura 
uv it. Then, fer the ferst tiem, I cum to a nollidge 
uv the fac that the whole toun nv Washintun are 
broke all to peecis, sold in a deed uv truss, bankrup 
intily. Oans sed he diden hav no munny, sed Melloo 
diden hav nun, Argruff ware goned away, sed no- 
body diden hav nun, ixcep it twuz sum men whar 
makes a livin by lendin uv it at 20 per sent a munth. 
Its the plain truth, Billy, that thar's men in "Washin- 
tun which spends thar lives in ruinin the po clucks, 
lendin um munny at enawmus intruss, manidjin so 
that they keep konstunt payin and nuver do pay out, 
buUyin uv um too in the most shameful manner. I 
tell you, ef the haf I heers is the trooth, these here 
men is devils incarnit, and one uv um in pticler is 
sitch a cole-bludid, remawsless, diabollikle, infunnil, 
konfoundid ole villin uv a feen that it wood giv me 
unaloid plezure to menshin his naim and ixpose him 
to the papers and to the skorn and indignashun uv 
mankine. It orter be dun, and sumbody will do it 
sum uv these dais, and then I do hoap and pray that 
the peepul will jes taik him and all that's like him 
and burn um to ashes in the publick squarr. It 
woodin be no mo then what they desurves, and it 
wood be a treatin uv um a heap kinder than they has 
treetid the po clucks for yeers and yeers. 

That this sort uv a thing shood be countnunst in a 
Cristchun land ar sumthin I kinnot acount for. The 
fac that hunduds and hunduds uv abil bodid yung 
men (sum uv ilm is old and weak tho,) shood let this 
thing run on without makin eny atemp to put a stop 



150 LETTERS OF 

to it, shiid let a few rich ole devils rule um with a 
rod uv iun — this fac shose the abjec sperit, and 
chickin-hartid sort uv men whar lives in toun. Stay 
at hoam, Billy, whar you kin be free, and frade uv 
nuthin that draws the breth uv life. 

But what wuz eayiis and unakountibul to me, ware 
the suckumunts folrin — that the very thing that dis- 
turbid my mine and which it made me so eegur to 
borry munny, were the very thing that nuver hap- 
pind to me. I ode for bode and for room rent and 
washin and uther things to vayus and sundre peepul. 
I ode um, and, coz yew diden sen the munny, kep on 
a owin um mo en mo, and nar one uv um dund me. 
Day arfter day, I kep on ixpectin uv um to do it. 
Thinx I, to-day I'll ketch it sertin, and whut to say 
I dunno. But they diden do it — they nuver did dun 
mewunst, Warnt this strainge? It skeerd me; I 
diden know what to maik uv it. Tellin Oans about 
it, it alomd him too. He remarked, he sais the like 
uv it nuver had happind in Washintun fum the f oun- 
dashun uv the sitty. Melloo sed sumthin ware rot- 
tin in Denmok, sertin. But nun uv us kood akount 
for it, and yo letter not a cummin, me and the post- 
marster kep on a quarlin thro the hole in his winder 
(I had a good mine to job a stick in his drottid eye 
fer him). So I jes went long, leevin things to Pro- 
vy dents pritty mutch. 

Endurin uv thees miserabul dais, I walkt and 
walkt and walkt, awl the tiem, to cam my mine ef 
posbil and git shed uv the site uv so menny peepul, 
whitch the site uv um maid me mad is fier. In fac 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 151 

evry thing f rettid and distrest me. I diden hav no 
pease day nor nite, nowhar, nor with enybody, unlest 
it wiiz Noahrer, whitch I liked her better and more 
betterer evry day. I walkt doun to a plase they calls 
the Knavy Yard, and seen the kannuns and the kan- 
niin balls by the milyuns, and the ships and things, 
but it dun me no good. I seen um makin uv brass 
nails thar faster then you kin shell pees, but it jes^ 
frettid me. I went to a plais naimd Jawdge Toun,* 
a damdabul horrid plais as uver wuz bilt apun top 
the groun, quiut is the graive and derty is a hog pen, 
and bein thar maid me feel like I had the pawlzy. I 
wundud how humins cood live thar. I went to sev- 
ril berryin grouns, but the toomstoans urrytatid me. 
When uver I walkt about I carrid my boss pistul 
doun my back, reddy and willin to incownter the 
Devil, and all his gang uv rowdis whitch they ar 
calld Rams, ef nesesery, becoz I felt like fiten all the 
tiem, and evry body. But no body diden pester me 
nun ixcep twuz beggers, whitch jest is sune is I had 
dun spent every singul solitery sent I had in krea- 
shun, begun to cum rite arfter me, consoun thar dirty 
soles ! I giv um a pees uv my mine pritty planely, 
but they diden seem to hav no memry, but kontin- 
yud arfter me evry day uv the worl (Miss Saludy 
sais Oans and Melloo imploid um to do it, but taint 
so,) makin uv me so fuyus twuz mutch is I cood do 
to keep frum blowin thar miserubul ole branes outen 

* ^^Jawge Toun." Desperate and heart-brokeu over the failure 
of his scheme, Mozis saw Georgetown and everything else throagh 
janndiced eyes. It is by no means the place he represents it to be. 



152 LETTERS OF 

thar good for nuthin ole beds uv um, plaig taik um ! 
ding um ! 

My favrit walk, tho, ware doun to the rivur at the 
warf whar the steem botes cum that cum frum ole 
Ferjiuny. I ust to go thar and set and think how 
happy the day wood be when I cum to go hoam agin, 
and thar I'd immadjin myself goin back so eesy, ferst 
on the Orindge rode to Ritchmun, then the Damd- 
vile, then the Sowthside to Fomvil, and frum thar to 
Kerdsvil, and then rite smac hoam — it seemd like 
nuthin. But when I kum to remember I diden hav 
a cent, then it ware impossybul, intily so, and I mite 
is well hav bin in the Mune for eny chants thar wuz 
to git back. It cumfittid me rite smart tho to set 
thar and look and look twards hoam for hours at a 
tiem, and ef it haden bin for the Washintun Menu- 
mint whitcli it seemd to bee konstunt wotchin me, I 
shood mity nigh hav injoied myself thar. 

One mornin I went doun thar rite erly and set way 
out on the back part uv a ole steem bote whar nobody 
cooden see me and ass me no qnestchnns. It ware a 
powful cool day for the tiem uv year, makin uv me 
mo' mellunkolly then I uver had been in awl my life. 
Peard to me like my tiem had cum, and I diden keer 
ef it had. I thot about you all, Billy. " Ef I has ar 
a fren in the worl," I sais to myself, "it ar Billy Iv- 
vins. But he aint rote to me, and he aiut goin to. 
I reckin they reckin I'm ded, and I wisht too grashus 
I wuz. I'd better be ded than suffer whut I has in- 
duode." I fergivd yew all, Billy, but my hart wuz 
sick, mighty sick. The sun went under the klowds 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIKS. 153 

a,nd stade tliar, and the wind blowd cold is ice, chillin 
me to the very marro. I hoped it wood freize me 
ded. But thar I sot, watchin the miserbul river that 
looked so cold and so much uv it, movin up and doun, 
up and doun, all the tiem, like the brest uv a man 
with the knewmony or ploorisy fetchin his breth 
short. So the cold rivur kep breethin, like it ware 
in trubbil, had seen a heep uv trubbil and mo wuz a 
<5ummin. And then, way, way off yondur, whar hev- 
vin and earth cum together, it lookt dark and shet 
up, like a hous whar the peepul haden jes gone to 
<3herch and wuz cummin back bime by, but had gone 
for good and all. It ware mo' than I cood bar, Billy. 
Idrapt my hed, not cryin, but groanin in the groans 
uv unbarabul agny uv spirit. 

It wuz cleen dark befo I lookt up agin. I diden 
want to go back to toun; but I diden wanter stay. 
So I walks mecannykly along, seein and heerin uv 
uuthin, ropt in my own miserbul feelins. Presintly 
I heers a loud holrin and sees a brite lite, and, lookin, 
I sees about two hundid rowdis gethered roun a barl 
uv tarr, a burnin in a opin plais. One uv um hol- 
lers at me, " Hello, you dam Plugg, whar you goin ? " 
It sot me on fier at wunst — it ware the very thing I 
wantid. 

" Cum on ! " I sais, '' cum on ! you villins, I dont 
keer how menny. You aint a goin to run over me, 
Bertin. Cum on; I be dad shimd ef I doant maik 
Toscul branes cheep in Washintun is oshturs." 

Sho nuf, they cum a runnin and holrin like they 
•wuz goin to eet me rite up. But I ware prepard for 



154 LETTERS OF 

um tho. My hoss-pistul had dun slipt way doun, but 
I foun the string, and wuz a drawin uv her keerf ully 
up ; when they got so clost to me, I giv a hard jirk^ 
and thar ware a ixploshun like sumbody had blastid 
the rock uv Gibrawltur and the Blewridje wide opin,, 
and I knode no mo. In the wurds uv the poitry, 

Silunts, like a Pole, tis cum', 
Toe heel the bloze uv soun. 

When I cumd too, 1 wuz a layin in my oan bed in 
my oan room and the room ware full uv kumpny. 
Things all lookt like thees heer insides uv thees heer 
glass balls they has on parler tabils, and peerd like 
my sentsis wuz outen my hed and a settin on top uv 
the bed, a lookin doun at my oan self like I ware 
sumbody elts in glass, is well is the rest nv the cump- 
ny. Thar wuz Oans und Melloo, Miss Saludy and' 
her sister, the luvly littel Injanner gearl, the two 
bewtif ul marrid ladis, and the ole ball hedid ole gen- 
tilmun — all a lookin at me. And Noahrer she set 
rite at the side uv my bed. 

" How pail he is," sais one uv the ladis. 

"No wundir," sais Oans, "arfter him a losin ate 
galluns uv bind." 

" Po feller ! " sais the ladis. 

" Keckin he41 die ? " sais the littil Trungil. 

"Die!" sais Melloo, "not a bit uv it. He's sich 
a good, simpil mindid anemil, he dont know how to 
die. You'd hav to giv him a set uv printid instruck- 
shins, with a small map uv the rout, and evin then 
ten chancis to one, he'd git lost. You'd hav to do is 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 165- 

they do in my country — send a boy with him to show 
him the way." 

"You orter be ashamed to talk that a way," sais 
littil Injanner. 

"Well," he sais, "I will be, ef you say so." 

"In fae," eais Oans, "he's in grait dainjur." 

" Hiesh ! " sais the far-har'd marrid lady, "he knows 
what you talkin' 'bout." 

"No he don't," replize Oans, "he's lookt jest that 
a way for the last week, but intily outen his hed." 

"Git up frum thar, gearl," sais Miss Saludy, "and 
lemme smooth his piller." 

I see Noahrer's eye flash fier and the culler cum 
crimsun to her cheek, but she anserd very perlitely: 

" His piller is nise anuf , Miss, and the Docther sais 
he musnt be dishtubd. Miss," she sais. 

"I do bleeve the gearl's in luv with Mozis," sais 
Miss Saludy to one uv the ladis. 

" Its a spakin for yeself , ye ar Miss," ansers Noah- 
rer, very sharp. 

And then, Billy, evrything faded away agin. 

The nex thing I remembers, it wuz nite, and no 
candil in the room, only a feebil lite cummin frum 
the stoav. Sumbody ware talkin rite clost to me. 

" Poor, poor boy ! So fur away frum hoam. No 
farther ner mother nor brnthers nor sisters; all aloan 
heer in this grate sitty, and nun but a servunt gearl 
to watch over him. The good Lord keep gard over 
him, and pertect him and saiv him." 

It ware Noahrer, Billy, and she wuz a cryin. She 
bent over and kist me. I sais nuthin, but I thot 



156 LETTERS OF 

thots. Then she went off a littil ways and kneeld 
doun by a cheer — she wnz a prayin for me. I laid 
rite still, but the teers run like rain, soft teers that 
cum eesy and plentiful and dun me good to cry um. 
I nuver knowd befo that enybody cood cry them 
kind uv teers, which wuz so plesint and relievin. 

A good meny uther pityf ul things happind in this 
way, Billy, when nobody didn't bleeve I had enny 
idee uv what ware goin on, fer I wuz that weak I 
didn't keer evin to move, mutch mo speek. 

How I cum to be in this deplobul condishin, Oans 
arfterwuds told me. He's got him a unkil that livs 
in the sitty, a ole gentilmun uv onhappy sperits but 
havin uv a kine warm hart, and this heer unkil wuz 
a goin hoam the nite I met them rowdis bumin uv 
the tar barl, and foun me, and had me took hoam, 
mo' ded then alive. 1 jedge the boss pistul, which 
Oans had loadened it to the muzzil with brass tax, 
went off when I jerkt it — bustid all to flinders, cuttin 
opin a bigg vane in my hed or neck, and mighty nigh 
killin uv me. When I ware foun, nuthin ware lef 
Tiv the hind part uv my cloaths, says Oans, but my 
kote koUer and the heels uv my boots, and them had 
bin on fier, but got put out with my oan blood. His 
unkil are uv opinyun that sum uv the rowdis must uv 
sufurd is well is myself, thar bein a good eal uv loose 
flesh layin aroun, which, fer a marikle, nun uv it cum 
frum me, tho I wuz scorcht horribil. 

I wont giv you no mo pticklers tel I see you, which, 
thank the Lord, will be in a feu dais frum this tiem. 
Neethur will I tell you how Noahrer wotcht and 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVmS. 15T 

nusst me the whole tiem like I had bin her farther^ 
or her bruther, or a little chile uv her oan, hirin uv 
anuther gearl her oan self to tend to the hoiis. Ef 
she hadent bin pritty, ef she hadint bin smart; I'd a> 
bin bleest to luv her for this. But what techt me 
deepist, ware, when I got well and she giv me yo let- 
ter havin uv the munny in it. Oans hapnin to cum 
in about that tiem, I told hira secritly, for I diden 
want Noahrer to put herself to no mo trubel about 
me, to tell the lanlod uv the Mintzpie to cum heer I 
wantid to see him. So he cum and I handid him the 
munny, makin no apoUigy fojp not payin him befo,. 
becos I ware too weak to talk much. 

"Why, haow's this," he sais, talkin Yankee, "I 
guess ye dont owe me northin. I calclate yere rite 
squar up tew the day. You sent me sum munny by 
that gurl yistiddy." 

Noahrer run outen the room. 
"Well," he sais, "goodby. 1 got no time to chat- 
HopeJyou'U be out in a few days," and away he went 
like a steem injine, is he is. 

When the truth cum out, which it diden cum eesy,. 
becos she tride to lay it on sumbody elts, but it ware 
boun to cum sooner or later, I found that Noahrer 
had took the munny her Pa sent her to cum hoam to 
Ireland on, and had paid my bode, my room rent,, 
my washin and all with it, spendin uv nigh unto 
a hundud doUers and a most every cent she had, for 
me. 

My mine were made up arf ter this, ef it hadint bin 



158 LErrERB of 

befo. Soon is I got well enuf to walk bout my room 
pritty strong, I gethurd all my energis fer the effut, 
but the minnit I got to the pint to speek, the cole 
chills 'and pusprashun broke out and I had to say 
nuthin. Fo' or fiev tiems this acurd, tel at last I got 
rite mad with myself fer bein uv sich a cowud, and 
befo I knowd it I sais out loud : 

" Noahrer ! " 

And I sed it so feerse she jumpt up frum whar 
she wuz a settin sewin, not knowin what to maik uv 
it. I ware standin up too. I told her I ment eny- 
thing elts but to spej^k to her harshly, and then 
ketchin holt uv both her nise, plump littil hands, I 
sed — I dunno what I sed — I koted her, trimblin all 
the tiem tel I coud hardly stand up. She ware bleest 
to see I ware in erniss, and then she cummenst a 
trimblin too. Her culler cum and went like fier 
tryin to ketch — she hung back like a gate with a bad 
fall — but when she cum, I tell you she cum. That 
gate slatcht too like it ware nuver goin to be opin'd 
no mo foruver. I must uv hav kist her a thousing 
uv tiems. 

Billy, thar's barm in Gilyud, Billy — thar's a fezee- 
shun thar, surtin. The docktur frum that deestric 
hav bin practisin on me for mo'n a week, and I'm a 
mendin rapidly. Git yo Ma and cussin Fanny to go 
over to my hous and maik the folks cleen up is cleen 
is cleen kin be. I and Noahrer is a cummin shortly. 
I forgivs myself for her saik for cummin heer to 
"Washintun with my pleggid skeem, but I shell be 



MOZI8 ADDUMB TO BILLY IVVIN8. 159 

•consoundid glad to bit back to ole Backingame and 
l)reeth the ar rite fresh frum Willis's mountin wunst 
mo. 

We wuz marrid a few days ago, marrid in cherch, 
not by no Cathlic but by a reglur Baptiss, Noahrer 
;sayin she'd do enylhing to plees me, and as fer relid- 
^in, she'd alwais bin a Protestant, altho' she went to 
the Cathlic cherch. A lardge cumpny uv ladis and 
gentilmen frum the Mintzpi cum to atend the serre- 
mony, but Oans, which I liad ptickly countid apun 
him, ickskewsed himself on acount uv bizniss, he 
"bein uv a cluk, you know. The marridge wuz a goin 
on very nise, altho' I ware rite smartly skeered and 
weak in the knees, when I heers a turbul fuss behine 
me, and the nex thing suml)ody had dun collard me. 
Turnin ronn, I seen a big ole gentilmun, mighty red 
in the fais, holdin me by the collar, shakin a gole- 
Jieddid kain at my nose, and holrin in a most powf ul 
Tis: 

" I f erbid the scrrymony ! I f erbid it. He shell 
not marry my dawter. You villin," he sais to me, 
•^'I've caught you. I'll teech you, you scoundrul, to 
run away with a gentlemun's dawter. Take that, you 
Toscul!" and he bungd me on the nose with the gole 
hed uv his kain. 

Tlie ladis screemed feerf nl, and little ole Melloo 
hollcrd out, "it's a mistaik, a mistaik, this aint you 
dawter, sir." But I knowd he ware Noahrer's far- 
ther, which had crost the sea arfter her, but I didn't 
teer whose farther he wuz, he shoodint hit me ; so I 
drord ofP, and I ware is mad is the devil, and spanged 



160 LETTERS OF 

him rite in the middle uv the forrud and laid him 
cole. Nuver wuz thar sich a fuss uv screemin and 
holrin — holrin fur the pleeee, which they didint cum 
a tall. 

Noahrer run to her farther, whar he wuz a layin 
flat uv his back on the flo, to atend to him ; but she 
hadint farly techt him befo she bounct up with her 
fais full uv the most intents disgust. Twarnt no 
farther uv hern, twarnt no farther uv nobody, it ware 
Oans — a consoundid vUlia uv a roscul! which had 
gone and drest up in ole Kongrismun Swomplans^ 
cloathes, buttnin uv a pillar in his breeches fer fatt^ 
borryin his gole-heddid kain, and a paintin uv his fais 
red to maik out he ware mad, and cummin playin that 
fool trick on me and Noahrer ! I wer feerd I had 
kilt him, but he cum to his sensis arfter a while and 
wuz well anuf to be at the party they giv us that 
night at the Mintzpi, tho' he had a bump on his for- 
rud, which it made him look like a yung eunuehom. 
Miss Saludy sed. 

His horn in his forrud, and my bungd nose, made 
um all laff mightly, and we injoyed the evenin per- 
didjus. Noahrer wuz alowed by all but the ladis to 
be the prittiest and smartist lady thar, the gentilmen 
all f allin in love witli her, which made me f eal prowd 
as I dunno whut. Ole Swomplans swo he wuz goin 
to kill me fer my widder, but he ware jest a joakin. 
After Oans wuz carrid outen the cherch, the mar- 
ridge serremony perseedid nisely to the very eend — 
we wuz made tite and fast in the wholly bons uv 
matrimony, which it rejoyst my heart ixseedingly. 



M0ZI8 ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVrNS. 161 

When the cumpny all got out and had dun got in 
thar hax, and Noahrer in hern, and I jest about to 
follow her, Melloo ketcht me by the arm and took 
me one side, sayin : 

"Lemme congratulate you." 

"Sertny," I sais, "jest is much is you pleese." 

"I don't mean about your marridge, but your 
skeam," he sais. 

S'l, " Drot the skeam ! I nuver want to heer it 
menshind," 

"Whut!" he sais, "not arfter so brillyunt a reali- 
zashin uv it ? " 

I told him I did'n understand him — no mo' I didnt. 

S'e, " Hav you lookt at your wife keerf uUy ? " 

"Well," I sais, "not ptickly as yit." 

" I mean her f ais," he sais. 

" Sertny," I sais, " I kist her wunst." 

"Did you notice eny thing pecuelyer about her 
f ais ? " he sais. 

S'l, "Nuthin, ixcept it twuz mighty pritty and 
good." 

" Well," he sais, " unless she diffurs very grately 
frum eny woman I uver saw, or uver herd uv, you 
will, if you igzamine keerfuUy, find sumwhar be- 
tween the nose and chin a iraportunt apperchur." 

"A apperchur," I sais. 

" Yes," he sais, " a openin." 

"Her mouth," I ixclaims. 

"Igzackly," he sais, "and tharin lies the compleat 
foolfiillmunt uv yo skeam." 

S'l, " Goodness knows ! whut do you mean ? " 
II.— 11 



> / 

■ , . * * 



162 LETTERS OF MOZIS ADDUM8 TO BILLY IVVIN8. 

Sais he, " Tharin, that is, in that tliar apperchur or 
openin, or mouth, and in that thar openin aloan uv 
all places in this world, yon will find Pebpetohul 

MOSHUN ! " 

In haist tel we meet, 

Yo ole frend, 

Mozis Addums. 



cc 



THE SOUTHERN FOOL. 



yy^ 



A ToxTOH Subject Tbeated in a Tendeb Way. 



Mr, President and Gentlemen of the Press Association of 
South Carolina : 

PERMIT me to congratulate you on the restora- 
tion of your State government. A bright day 
has dawned after a long and very dark night. Much 
of your recent triumph is due to your own stout 
hearts, but much more to the disturbed condition of 
the country. Had the volume of business remained 
unbroken, as from '65 to '73, you would have been 
crushed like an egg-shell, and the negro and the 
carpet-bagger would have retained power indefinitely. 
This is a discordant note, but it is the truth, and by 
the truth we must live. 

You do not want, I am sure, the decorous namby- 
pamby and the job lots of damaged advice which 
make up the staple of the addresses generally given 
on occasions like this ; and if you did, could not get 
them from me, who know but little decorum and 
am but a poor adviser. Extend to me, therefore, I 
pray you, the forbearance which is born of that high- 

* Address delivered before the South Carolina Press Associa- 
tion, in Charleston, S. C, 1877. 



164 "the southern fool." 

bred courtesy for which South Carolinians have ever 
been distinguished. 

A pretty showing, indeed, I should make were I 
to preach to the text chosen for me, — " Southern 
Journalism." Fancy me with a Richmond paper in 
one hand, and the average rural paper of my State in 
the other, coming here to instruct the editors of South 
Carolina! Comparisons are odious, and I will not 
make them. Although I have been alternately the 
accoucheur and the undertaker of newspapers in both 
town and country, and although I have been the 
correspondent of leading journals from Massachu- 
setts to Texas, I confess to you frankly that I know 
nothing about Southern journalism. Yes, I do know 
one single thing. I know that if the money paid 
annually over tlie counters from Baltimore to Gal- 
veston for Northern papers which abuse, or, worse 
still, pity the South, were paid to us, we would all be 
rich. Whereas the most of us, like English curates 
and American insurance agents, are but genteel 
paupers. Knowing this, I lay down the dictum that 
no people will ever be free, or deserve to be free, 
who do not support their home papers in preference, 
and, if need be, to the exclusion of all other papers 
whatsoever. How is that for sound and high politi- 
cal science, and how does it comport with your ideas 
of free trade ? 

By your gracious leave, then, I will drop the sub- 
ject of journalism and select for my thesis "The 
Southeru Fool." That is quite in my line of busi- 
ness. I am accustomed to handle that class of goods, 



"the southern fool." • 165 

and, like a good business man, I stick to my last. 
Ne autor^ you know. And it may turn out that the 
Southern Fool bears, I will not say a paternal rela- 
tion to, but has a connection with Southern journal- 
ism much less remote than we would have the public 
to believe. We shall see. But first a digression. 

When a boy I was sent to school in Princeton, 
N. J. The propriety of sending a lad four hundred 
miles away from home may well be questioned. 
Certainly it may be doubted when the money ex- 
pended for his education is needed in tlie State of 
his nativity. . Before the war there might have been 
an excuse for iildnlging educational whims, but what 
possible excuse is there now ? 

Dr. McCosh says there are eighty Southern stu- 
dents at Princeton ; at $400 apiece, that is $32,000 
a year, — enough almost to support the average 
Southern college. Are there any fools among us 
for the want of sense ? But we have no school equal 
to Nassau Hall. By Northern confession we have a 
school better than that, and equal to any on this 
continent. 

About my school days in Princeton I remember 
many things, but this thing especially — that the 
Southern boys there taught me, a lad of ten, to look 
down upon the boys of the North. Was that wisdom 
or folly ? and if folly, was it confined to boys alone ? 
Are all such boys dead now ? 

Last fall I revisited New Jersey. It is a lovely 
land. What land is not in October? "This land," 
said I to myself, " is not merely tamed, it is civilized, 



166 . "the southern fool." 

it is enlightened in its thorough culture." But I 
care not to live in it. No. There are people who 
would leave Paradise to go to Orange Courthouse, 
and I am one of them. Dwell in a country where 
there are no sassafras bushes, no sumac, nor any 
brier patches ? Never ! Sir John Malcolm tells of 
the astonishment and disgust of an old Persian woman 
at hearing there were no date trees in England. 
Live there ? Not she. No more could I live under 
a sky without a buzzard. I could not if I would, 
and would not if I could. 

Yes, 'tis a beautiful well husbanded land, and the 
people who dwell in it are a great people, not yet in 
their prime, mewing still a mighty youth — who that 
visited the Exposition can doubt it? — and with an in- 
conceivable destiny before them. We also of the South 
are great — greater in defeat, in the grandeur of self- 
restraint, (as you South Carolinians have just proved 
to the confounding of your enemies,) we are greater 
in defeat than in war. Why cannot these two peoples 
come together without gush, fanfaronade or mental 
reservation, and be friends, be one people, absolutely. 
All good men in both sections ardently desire it. 
They long for it. There can be no peace, no pros- 
perity without it. Why cannot it l)e? I do not 
know. Why is it that no house is big enough to 
hold one family after the sons and daughters are 
grown ? Why must a magnet have two poles, and 
what is the meaning of this " inevitable duality which 
bisects all nature ?" A battery with one wire can 
do no manner of work, and somewhy there is an im- 



" THE Si^UTHERN FOOL." 167 

perative necessity for two opposing electricities. 
Just heaven ! can it be that the world's work cannot 
be done without hate, as well as love, and as much 
of one precisely as the other ? Bah !" These analo- 
gies ai'e misleading — ^it's all stuff — the man's crazy. 
Say you so? Then are we prepared to come flat 
and plump to something practical, viz : the Southern 
Fool. 

The first Southern fool whom 1 shall notice is the 
worst, for he is more knave than fool, a hound whose 
hide I intend some day to tear off and hold his quiv- 
ering carcass up to stink in the nostrils of both sec- 
tions. It is he who, having gone North and acquired 
money by hook or by crook, mainly by crook, pro- 
ceeds to take unto himself all the glory and the fame 
of the South, disowns her shame, evades her suffer- 
ing, and overwhelms us with his advice. His advice, 
quotha ! Why doesn't he come down and put his 
shoulder to the wheel ? Advice ! Upon my word, 
gentlemen, gratuitous advice from a fool of this sort 
is the acme of all meanness. It is the very inver- 
sion of generosity, which naught impoverishes the 
giver, but makes us poor indeed. Will a beggar 
give me a handful of his rags ? The figure is coarse, 
horribly coarse, but not so coarse as the fact. 

It was a shoal of this kind of cattle (is that Irish 
enough for you ?) of these advice-givers (Northern 
born, though,) who swooped down upon us after the 
war to teach us how to grow cotton and tobacco with 
machinery and free labor. They would hear no- 
thing, for they knew all things. The last incompoop 



168 "the southern fool." 

of them failed ignominiously, and in my State not a 
few of them discovered that in the simple matter of 
cheating any Virginia clodhopper was more than a 
match for the shrewdest Yankee. He made him 
pay three prices for his worn-out farm, one-third 
cash, and in a year or so took back the farm for the 
deferred payments. The more fool the Virginian 
for this goose -ripping policy, but none the less a fool 
the Yankee. 

Prior to the war the Southern fool made his wishes 
the measure of political events, and sentiment served 
him in lieu of sense. He believed in Bell and Eve- 
rett (I voted for them — none of my people shall be 
bigger fools than myself,) in Fillmore, John Coch- 
rane, Butler, Sickles. Bah ! As if the designs of 
an army could be discovered by the attitude of the 
chaplains, the teamsters, sutlers, and bummers in the 
rear, instead of by watching the movements of the 
vanguard. Is the Southern fool doing any better 
now ? Does experience teach anything ? Very lit- 
tle to individuals — to nations nothing. 

When the war broke out the Southern fool began 
by underrating the strength of his enemy, by look- 
ing down upon the Yankees as the Southern boys 
had done at Princeton. Coming to Richmond after 
the battle of Manassas, with the body of a dead com- 
rade, I was told that a great Southern statesman was 
in town. I hastened to him at once, for 1 wanted 
to see ahead. " Mr. X.," said I, " the papers tell us 
that Lincoln has called for 200,000 men." He 
laughed a low laugh, leaned back a little, and said 



" THE SOUTHERN FOOL." 169 

cheerily: "Oh, yes; the Chinese raised a million, 
with gongs and stink-pots according, and ten thou- 
sand allies marched straight to Pekin." 1 was 
greatly comforted. 

This Chinese idea prevailed at Montgomery, where, 
I am told, the first order for arms was for nine thou- 
sand, probably ten thousand stand. Passing over the 
minor follies, 1 come to the capital mistake of the 
war. It was natural the Southern fool should make 
it. A handsome gentleman — I can see him now — 
we all remember him; above the medium height; 
-a suit of black broadcloth, black satin vest, felt hat, 
gold fob chain, gold-headed cane, and high-heel, 
high-top boots — a gentleman who did nothing with 
his hands and a good deal with his tongue, thereby 
making himself very agreeable to himself. But 
there was one redeeming quality about the fellow — 
he wouldn't take the lie, and he would fight — would 
snuff out your cephalic wick at ten paces, or fight 
you with anything from a toothpick to a columbiad. 
A fight to him was a five minutes' affair, and if 
enough life was left in himself or his enemy to 
shake hands, he was ready to make friends, and there 
an end on't. What more natural than that he should 
believe that war meant fighting ? 

It was a fatal mistake, the cardinal error of the 
whole struggle. War — nine-tenths of it, at least, as 
Alex. H. Stephens said at the time — is business, the 
plainest possible matter of fact business, just such 
business as is done every day here on your wharves 
and streets, only with more energy. Did any of 



170 "the southern fool." 

you enter the Yankee lines at the close of the war?* 
I did, and what did I see ? I saw in succession a 
team of mouse-colored mules, a team of cream-colored 
mules, and a team of snow-white mules, six to a team, 
and all seal fat (specimens of the train), the wagons 
brand new, and the wagon cloths a deal cleaner than 
the shirt I was then wearing. A little further on I 
saw a corps of twenty thousand negroes, whose camp 
was like a May ground when Merrie England was in 
its prime. Why, gentlemen, war to tliis people was 
pastime, it was aesthetics and poetry ; and I can read- 
ily believe, what has often been asserted, that the 
Yankee contractors would gladly have paid the ex- 
penses of both sides in order to prolong the war in- 
definitely. 

Ah ! but they had the money. Yes, the paper,, 
whereas we had the great staples which were absolute 
values, only we did not have the business sense to 
use them. 

What is the relevancy of all this ? What is the 
use of raking up the ashes of the dead past ? The 
war is all over — long, long ago. Say you so, and 
think you so ? That is what ails you now. The 
wai s of powder and shot are to the warfare of life 
what the few hours of fighting are to the long months- 
of preparation which make or mar a campaign; and 
in this life-warfare, as in the noisier and briefer wars,, 
you are to be saved by your strong, hard busines& 
common sense, and that alone. The end of the 
struggle at Appomattox was but the beginning of 
anotlier and much more desperate struggle — the ob- 



"the southern fool." 171 

ject of which is the conquest of your most cherished 
ideas in politics, religion and social order — the rear- 
rangement of the very molecules of your brain — 
the facing about of your inmost soul — ^no less. This 
ifi the new "irrepressible conflict," which, like the 
old, will bring us all to grief, years hence. A twine 
of two threads, scarlet and sable, State-rights and 
slavery, was involved in the late "rebellion," as our 
considerate Yankee friends love to miscall it. One 
was severed completely, and. State-rights man as I 
am, I would go to God sometimes that the other had 
been definitely cleft in twain, for then would we have 
been saved exceeding trouble in time to come. 

The next form of Southern fool which I shall 
consider is the agricultural fool ; what I should call 
in Virginia the tobacco worm, but in this State the^ 
Cottontot. Gentlemen, there are Hottentots and 
there are Cottontots. The oxides of years lie upon 
my geographic memory, and I am a little confused 
as to Hottentots and Patagonians. I only know that 
they are extreme Southern people, and that neither 
are famous as yet for intelligence. The Cottontot 
belongs to the same category. A Cottontot I take 
to be a person who, growing nothing but cotton, ha& 
to buy every earthly thing that he uses or consumes, 
consequently rarely if ever saves anything, and find& 
himself at the last of the year the property of his 
commission merchant — himself the property of the 
Northern man; for you'll look in vain to find a busi- 
ness which does not have a Southern noodle at one 
end playing drudge for a smart Yankee at the other. 



172 "the southern fool." 

The Cottontotj I say, finds himself the property of 
his commission merchant, who don't want him — ^won't 
have him at any price, and yet can't get rid of him with- 
out bankrupting himself. A pretty exemplification 
of the vicious business circle all round, isn't it ? 

My friends, during the twelve years that have 
elapsed since tlie war, at least thirty- six millions 
of bales (three millions a year) of cotton have been 
grown in the South. At fifty dollars a bale, a low 
estimate, this amounts to sixteen hundred millions of 
dollars. What has become of this enormous amount 
of money ? What benefit have we derived from it, 
and where has it all gone ? Thanks to the Cotton- 
tot, it has gone precisely where it came from, and 
beyond a mere support, we have derived no benefit 
from it. Is this to go on forever ? Yes, as long as 
the Cottontot policy is in the ascendant. Because 
cotton is our money crop, and because we have vir- 
tually driven East India cotton out of the market — 
M. Eivett-Carnac, late cotton commissioner, having 
been forced for lack of cotton business to go into the 
holy opium trade — the Cottontot is again exclaim- 
ing, " Cotton is King." Has he heard of the new 
Egyptian cotton plant, the "Bamia?" Not he^ and 
if he heard he would not heed. Well, Cotton is King, 
in a sense. So is tobacco, so is tar, provided you have 
enough of either, and it will fetch a good price. If 
tar was two dollars a gallon, and I held a million 
barrels, tar would be king, and I would be a prince. 
But if tar ruled at that price, there would be a cor- 
ner in tar in New York, and you and I and other 



"the southern fool." 173 

Cottontots would not own enough to grease a cart- 
wheel. 

The Cottontot is a fool in various other ways — in 
the mode, for example, of buying his goods. Thera 
can be no plainer business proposition than this, that 
when a man has cheated and deceived you repeatedly, 
common sense requires that you shall drop him in- 
stantly and deal with him rib more forever. Duty 
to yourself and your family demands that you should 
never forget and never forgive in this case. And 
what is true in business is equally true in politics, is 
it not ? Your political life depends on your answer 
to this question. But what does your Cottontot do ? 
Coming to town and finding some adventurer with a 
lot of auction goods or a compromise stock, he quits 
the old established houses, well-known to him, and 
spends the very money due to these houses in buying 
trash and shoddy from this adventurer. Finding him- 
self cheated again, he simply laughs, and says, " I tell 
you these chaps are smart; they are keeners, they 
are ;" but if the old established house so much as dis- 
appoint him, he damns it as "an infernal unprin- 
cipled Yankee concern." 

An exceptional year comes and the Cottontot ac- 
tually saves money. What does he do with it — lend 
it to his poor and needy neighbors? Bless you, no. 
He is a fool, but not quite big enough fool for that. 
He wants his money where he can lay his hands on 
it at any moment. Time was when a man's word 
was as good as his bond, but now almost all bonds are 
three times worse than any man's word. So the 



T.74: "the southern fool." 

Cottontot wisely carries this money to bank, where 
he encounters another Southern fool, who pays him 
six per cent, for his money, and then lends it at ten 
or twelve per cent., well knowing when he lends it 
that he is killing the business of the borrower. For 
what is a bank, rightly conducted ? It is simply a 
heart, a pump, an semic ram for receiving and for- 
warding the circulation.* And what a fool of a heart 
that heart would be which would deliberately en- 
gorge itself, producing valvular disease, hypertrophy 
and aneurism at the expense of the atrophy of the 
rest of the body ! Yet that is precisely what so 
many banks are doing on a small scale, and that 
greatest of all human dolts, the North, the banker of 
the nation, has been doing on a grand scale. Ever 
since the war it has been stuflSng itself with circula- 
tion, taxing Virginia, with her three millions of 
banking capital, seven millions annually, and New 
England, with one hundred and sixty millions, only 
five millions a year, viewing all the while its wither- 
ing Southern extremities with complacency and even 
•delight, until at last engorgement has produced stag- 
nation and paralysis. To that and to that alone, not 
to any sympathy for your troubles or admiration for 
your heroic endurance, you owe your present I'elease 
from bondage worse than death. If now, in true 
Southern fashion, you go about to gush because the 
iron hand is lifted for a moment, to fancy that hu- 
man nature can become angelic in a day, to abandon 
common sense and common prudence, to forget the 
past, and to efface from memory the impressions 



"the southern fool." 175 

-which suflfering has counter-sunk in it, and wliich 
should remain clean-edged and bright for at least 
half a century — ^if you do this, then are you Cot- 
tontots indeed. But you are not going to forget. 
They will not let you forget. You little compre- 
hend the drift of events if you fancy otlierwise. 

Ah ! but the millennium is coming, is already here. 
Oh, yes, I have seen a number of millenniums in my 
time. They never last ten, and rarely seven years. 
Thanks to the President, who has done his duty, 
nothing more, an era of good feeling appears to be 
setting in, and so long as his measures are just and 
impartial he ought to have, and doubtless will have, 
the one hundred and thirty-five votes of the solid 
South as often as he wants them. But if in return 
for his acts of simple justice Mr. Hayes asks us to 
break ranks before 1880, I say emphatically. Nay! 
But it would be just like the Democracy to do it. 
They split in 1860 between Douglas and Breckin- 
ridge, and through the crevasse thus formed came 
the rail-splitter to deluge this land with blood. Will 
we repeat that folly ? "I shouldn't wonder." Hap- 
pily, in the absence of the blows from the liadical 
sledge-hammer which have hitherto welded the South 
together, making it more and more solid every year, 
we have that at our doors which will keep us in 
close order for many, many years to come. This 
perverse and stupid generation requires a sign, and 1 
will give it to them. It is this : When Massachusetts 
shall have voted the Democratic ticket for five suc- 
cessive years, then, and not till then, will the color 



176 "the 80UTHEBN FOOL." 

line be really broken; then, and not till then, may 
gentlemen vote the Republican ticket; and for the 
South to divide before that time would be the mad- 
ness of the moon itself. This attempt to revive the 
Whig party is, as the Popular Science Monthly sajo^ 
of Pleasanton's blue-glass book, the "ghastliest rub- 
bish " of the century ; and when I see a Southern 
paper sucking a little thin post-office advertisement 
pap, I am at a loss whether to laugh or to weep. 

To come back to the Cottontot. The fertilizers 
he buys in Charleston almost double the value of 
his crop. " Aha I" he exclaims, " they have stuffed 
the bags for me, hoping to catch me again. No, you 
don't, Mr. Manufacturer; you are mighty smart, but 
not quite smart enough for me. I've got you thia 
time, and the next time you catch me you'll know 
it." Or, neglecting his crop, he is disappointed in 
his fertilizer, while his neighbors, using precisely the 
same article, and giving due attention to their 
fields, more than realize their fondest expectations. 
Whereat the Cottontot swears loudly that his neigh- 
bors have been favored at his expense, and that he 
has been grossly swindled. 

Here, then, is the source of nearly all our woes — 
this Cottontot devotion to a single crop and the ac- 
companying over-smartness. The cure is plain 
enough, and it has been admirably formulated by 
one of your city papers in the aphorism, " Bread and 
meat first; cotton lastP The mission of Sourthem 
journalism is to put this motto at the head of every 
paper from Norfolk to Galveston, and to keep it 



"the southern fool." 177 

there. I would print it in indelible ink on the fore- 
heads, tattoo it in the arms, and brand it in the 
palms of the Cottontots. But the press has not been 
idle in this good cause, for already we see the effect 
of its labors. Mr. John Ott, one of the ablest, and 
certainly one of the most useful, men in Virginia, 
furnishes us with this most cheering fact, viz: "In 
1876 the West packed 104,915,867 pounds less pork 
than it did in 1875. This is the reason assigned by 
Western journals: *The provision trade, owing to 
falling prices during most of the year, proved less 
profitable than usual; and, on account of the politi- 
cal complications of the Southern States, the de- 
mand for distribution has been for several months 
interfered with.'" Oho! Mr. West, your excuse 
methinks is somewhat thin ; we are raising our own 
pork; that is the whole secret. But will the cure 
just indicated suffice ? I doubt. It is a fact which 
the press will do well never to forget, that the in- 
crease in our provision crop is due much more to the 
low price of cotton than to the wisdom of the Cot- 
ton tot, and if cotton again touch twenty cents, he 
will drop corn instanter. So would it be in Vir- 
ginia if the low grades of tobacco should accidentally 
double in value. There is, as I well know person- 
ally, no cure for folly. Bray a Cottontot or a 
humorist in a mortar, and he will be a Cottontot or 
a humorist still. 

Gentlemen, we want to be friends with the North ; 
we want to win back, I will not say their love — 
grown men care little for each other's love — but we 
II.— 12. 



178 "the southern fool." 

do want to win back their respect ; and there is but 
one way to do it. "Revenge! Timotheus cries," 
and I am for vengeance, immediate and dire. I 
would not rob them of their money, as they robbed 
us of our slaves; I would not have them suflPer and 
be strong, as we have suflFered and are strong, and 
intend to be stronger : but I would inflict upon them 
that suffering which brings not strength but weak- 
ness, namely, the suffering of impotent envy. I 
would snatch the last man of them baldheaded from 
taw, and go into the wig business to-morrow morn- 
ing. I would make every one of them gnash out 
every tooth in his upper and lower maxillaries, so 
that I might forthwith be canonized by dentists the 
North over, as St. Gumbo in Fra False-set-o. This 
slang is detestable, but do you know 1 like it. Slang 
does so pierce and grieve the small souls of purists 
— those j)^^^^^ maitres of literature, with whom 
Shakespeare and myself, who closely resemble each 
other, never had and never can have any patience. 

My friends, we are to win back the respect of the 
North just as the respect of every other people is 
won, and that is by regaining our lost wealth. Less 
cotton and more meat first, and, second, manufactur- 
ing our own cotton. That is the solution of the 
whole difficulty. The first two pages of Adam Smith 
tell what advantage there is in manufacturing raw 
materials, and, if you consult Col. Chilton, at Co- 
lumbus, Ga., or Col. Palmer, at Columbia, S. C, he 
will give you the exact percentage in our favor over 
the New England manufacturers. Against their 



"the southern fool." 179 

seven raonths of consumption and five months of 
production we have eleven months of work and only 
one, if that, of enforced idleness; but if, on that 
account, we underrate the power of accumulated 
capital, the thrift, skill, energy and daring of New 
England, we will be but repeating the folly of a 
certain boy at school in Princeton — Nullum rmmen 
abest 81 sit prudentia. We cannot possibly be too 
wary in this life-and-death industrial struggle with a 
people whose capitalists are at this moment mapping 
out cotton and iron mill sites in the South as minutely 
as the Prussians mapped out France previous to the 
late war. But supposing we get rich, enormously 
rich, as we ought to do, and in time most certainly 
will, what then ? Why, every man of us will pull 
up stakes as soon as the summer begins, and spend 
every surplus cent in New York, Saratoga, Long 
Branch and Newport. And v^ho shall blame us, 
seeing how frightfully dull our own watering places 
are? Nevertheless, nothing is more certain than 
that Georgia and South Carolina are destined to be 
enormously rich. It is written in the book of fate 
that this noble commonwealth shall have recompense 
for her unparalleled afflictions. And when you get 
rich I want you to come to Virginia. Do you ever 
think of the good old State? I hope so. Your 
brothers sleep under her sod, and from that sod 
many of you that are now living have looked up 
night after night to the unanswering stars, wonder- 
ing where you would be on the morrow. Yes, you 
remember Virginia ; you can never forget her. Her 



180 "the 80DTHERN FOOL.'' 

men are much too prone to claim all glory for them- 
selves and their State ; but her women, haye you no 
tender recollections of them in the hospital and the 
home? Well, then, get rich quick and come back 
to old Virginia's shore. We have got there the 
prettiest and sweetest girls in the habitable world. 
Tiiis I say in a tone so low that only the long male 
ears of this audience can hear me. But it is so. We 
have got also a full line of the most bewitching 
widows that ever lightened mourning and "took 
notice." Also, we have some females that are not 
so pretty. We do nothing by halves in Virginia, 
and when we set about producing an ugly woman we 
put upon the market an acute, penetrating, diffusive, 
pervasive, acrid and altogether ammoniacal variety 
of hideousness that nothing earthly can touch. But 
for the pretty girls and widows you can't go amiss. 
They are so thick in Kichmond that if you venture 
on the street with an umbrella under your arm, and 
turn around suddenly, you will knock down two or 
three of them. They have been waiting with the 
sweetest patience for the kings and princes of Europe 
to come over and marry them, but the fools over 
there have gone to fighting, and I am afraid their 
patience and their few good clothes will wear out to- 
gether. And when I think of their bright eyes 
dimming, and the roses in their cheeks fading in old- 
maidenhood, it almost kills me. I can't marry them 
all — would to goodness that I could — I have done 
all that the law allowed me to do in this matter, 
and now I want you to quit playing Cottentot, get 



"the southern fool." J 81 

rich quick, and come to Old Yirginia, and help me 
out in the matrimonial line. We have a fine set of 
young men growing up and already grown, plenty 
old enough to marry — blooded fellows — that have 
gone to work, and, like racehorses at the plough, 
intend to break the traces, burst their hearts, or make 
a deep furrow in this hard old work-day world. They 
would not object to marrying any man's rich sister, 
but of all men's they would prefer a South Caroli- 
nian's. Come, then, to the Old Dominion — a fair 
exchange is no robbery — and, by the gods ! the next 
generation or two will see a race of men compared 
with whom Washington and Calhoun, Jeflferson and 
Pinckney were but teetotums and mumblepegs. 

There is one other weakling to whom I would like 
to pay my respects. I mean the Southern politician, 
who fancies he can become a statesman by rejecting 
the acquisitions of modern science, the application 
particularly of biology to social problems, and con- 
fining himself to the old ruts, hopes to make a little 
ill-digested history and the speeches of a few emi- 
nent men of a by-gone age serve in the stead of 
those general laws which, embracing matter and 
mind alike, enable us to forecast the future, and to 
foresee, not what we think we ought to be, but what 
in the nature of things must inevitably be. Time 
will not permit me to do more than allude to this 
subject; but, coming down to immediate matters, I 
should say that the supreme Southern political fool 
is he who, in this critical moment for his section, 



182 " THE SOUTHERN FOOL. 

places confidence in any promises whatever made by 
his party foes. 

, In conclusion, let me thank you for inviting me to 
address you. No compliment is more grateful to a 
Virginia than one that comes from the people of 
Carolina, for here he finds a passionate devotion to 
the State which rivals, if it does not surpass, his own 
State pride and love. Carolinians ! do you love your 
mother? Does a mother love her afflicted and 
stricken son ? Does a son love the invalid mother 
for whom he sacrifices his time, his pleasures, and his 
hard won earnings ? Love her ! He would die for 
her. Yea, more, he would live for her, would " lend 
her half his powers to eke her living out.'' And 
when the painful night watches are all over, and the 
patient suflferer is laid in that narrow bed where 
there is no more suffering, the son comes back from 
the iJjrave bearinoj with him an amulet that no man 
may ever see, but which will keep him unharmed 
through life. Nay, henceforth a newer and more 
elevated life, hallowed by self-sacrifice, is his. So 
with you, Carolinians. You have suflfered as no 
cultured people in modern times have suffered, and, 
so sure as heaven, the steadfast love you have shown 
to your murdered mother will bring its exceeding 
great reward. You have trodden the wine press 
alone. Here fell the utmost fury of your enemies, 
and here came the least sympathy of your friends, 
for was it not said (the idiots have not yet stopped 
saying it), that you " brought on the war " ? The 
wine press ! Your State was the wine press, and 



" THE SOUTHERN FOOL." 183 

your souls the grapes on which, for twelve years, * 
a mob of jeering devils, drunken with excess of malice 
and of hate, danced to the derisive laughter of half 
the nation. Twelve years, four thousand days and 
nights of torture, of shame, of humiliation for your- 
selves, your wives, your daughters, your tender chil- 
dren. Four thousand days and nights, and to the 
proud and sensitive nature smarting under indignity, 
every moment is an age. Burke and Pitt lifted 
their voices in behalf of the oppressed Colonies ; the 
"loud cry of trampled Hindostan" awakened the 
eloquence of Sheridan, but the Poland of America — 

" Found not a generous friend, a picying foe, 
Strength in lier arms, nor mercy in her woe 1" 

o o w o o 

'* Naked and desolate she stands, 
Her name a by-word in all lands." 

No man of commanding genius in either branch 
of the national legislature stepped forth to plead her 
cause in words that might have shaken both conti- 
nents, and be quoted for all time. Not one of the 
Northern poets — those gentle beings whose hearts 
bleed at every wrong from Tartary to Timbuctoo — 
could pen a line for Carolina. Gordon, of Georgia, 
was your friend, good and true ; and at the last your 
advocate and champion was that press which men 
aforetime loved to call satanic — the New York 
Herald — and the poets who sang your wrongs were 
of your own rearing. 

Yes. Carolinians, you have been tried as by fire, 



184 " THE SOUTHERN FOOL. 

and by that fire the dross has been purged away, 
leaving metal of proof only. I look to see here a 
race of men nobler than any that have gone before. 
Already from the flames emerges a figure, calm, 
contained, majestic as an antique bronze^a form to 
which all eyes were lately turned in admiration, and 
in gratitude that outweighed admiration, for he had 
saved his country from civil war — Anaxandron Ag- 
amemnon^ — Wade Hampton, King of Men ! Happy 
the land that claims him as her chief magistrate. 
Happy the nation if he were but its ruler. Having 
suffered all things, he would see that no section, no 
State, suffered needlessly. Having braved all things, 
he fears nothing ; and having endured all things, he 
would brook with equal patience the malice of his 
foes and the deadlier flattery of his friends. Is it 
too much to hope that he will take the place in 
Wasliington for which he is so well fitted ? It may 
never be ; but the day that sees him, or some such 
Southern man, installed in power will be the dawn of 
peace, the end of the war. 

But stay; I am told that near at hand there is 
somewhat to eat and drink withal. Come, let us 
sacrifice the bird dear to Minerva ; let us boil the 
owl in Falernian or the Csecuban vintage, and, 
having dined on fools, we will sup on concentrated 
wisdom. 



THE LOCAL EDITOR TAKES A TURN 

ON THE ICE.* 



IT would not be safe, perhaps, to say how many 
years have elapsed since the Local used to figure 
— and that extensively — upon the frozen waters of 
" the Jarsies." Certain it is thafhe did figure there, 
at a period when a pair of skates and half-a-pint of 
chestnuts were inestimable treasures, and when the 
ladies were no more to him than money is now. 
Subsequent to that period, he was one fine winter's 
day called upon incontinently to explore the bottom 
of a mill-pond in Delaware ; and, finding things in 
that depression unusually moist and somewhat chilly, 
he has, until lately, been content to entrust his stand- 
ing in society and his progress in the world to such 
feeble drum-sticks as nature, in no lavish mood, has 
provided him with. Would that he had remained 
content. But in an evil hour last week, he was per- 
suaded by a party of good fellows to go down to the 
river and take a look at the boys skating. Down he 
went, and got upon the bosom of the " noble Jeems " 
at a point where he never expected to have gone, 
except in a cat-fish dug-out or a dismantled, idle 
batteau. He stepped upon the Jeems right under 

* Published in the Lynchburg Virginian, probably in 185G. 



186 THE LOCAL EDITOR 

the toll-bridge, and pattered along down to the upper 
end of Percival's Island, where a hundred or more 
boys and men were wheeling, circling, and skimming 
airily around, like so many swallows on a sultry 
evening when insects are thick above the fields. 

Here the Local paused to enjoy himself. It was 
an Arctic scene, and beautiful in its perfect dreari- 
ness. Around were the mighty hills, whose iron rib&^ 
the snow but half -concealed ; at their feet, the dead 
still trees stood naked and stone-like ; beneath was 
the ice, white or blue, according to its thickness and 
the greater or less intermixture of snow ; and over 
all hung the dark grey sky, dull and cold and hope- 
less. But the frozen pavement was ringing and 
murmuring under the steel-clad heels of the skaters ;. 
^ and as the Local looked on he became greatly en- 
livened, and wished the ladies were there to enjoy 
the pretty sight. It was pretty. The grown men 
were gliding leisurely about, gracefully curling here 
and there, first upon one leg and then upon the other,, 
describing Hogarth's line of beauty at every stroke 
and caring more about elegance than fun ; while the 
boys were cutting along at a prodigious lick, chasing 
a ball as if the devil or the school-master were chas- 
ing them. 

Tlie Local became excited, and thought to himself 
"Wouldn't we take these fellows down a button hole 
or two, if we only had a pair of skates ? We rather 
guess we'd teach them a trick we learned in the Jar- 
sies, that would open their eyes, wide." Just then, 
as bad luck would have it, up comes a benevolent 



TAKES A TURN ON THE ICE. 187 

gentleman with tender feet, who proffers the Local 
his skates. Local accepts with thanks, and as he 
fastens tight the last strap, begins to feel sorry for 
the people he was about to astonish, and to apologize 
mentally for the extraordinary dexterity he knew he 
would display. 

'^Now, my little boys," said he to himself, "don't 
be jealous. KecoUect I was taught in the Jarsies, 
and I dare say if you all had the advantages I had, 
you would be pretty good skaters yourselves." 
Thereupon the Local rose and stood up. " Softly, 
softly," he wliispered, " we won't astonish them too 
much at first. We'll just take it quietly fol* a while, 
until we get the hang of it, and then we'll come out 
like a sky-rocket." Accordingly he shuffled along 
some twenty yards, and — called a halt. He felt 
gouty; and his organ of weight was somehow wrong. 
Things didn't work right any way. There was at 
times an obsequious inclination forward, as if he had 
been an idolater in the presence of Vishnu, or (which 
was more probable, he being a very intelligent man) 
as if the great mass of his brain was in his forehead. 
At other times, the inclination backwards was some- 
thing unquestionably dreadful. 

If he had been the father of a large family going up 
a slippery hill at midnight with a peck of apples for 
the children in his coat-tail pocket, he could not have 
felt a weightier or more dangerous responsibility 
either behind or before. In fact, the disposition to 
sit down — and that with ungenteel haste — was al- 
most irresistible. While this was the state of his^ 



188 THE LOCAL EDITOR 

feelings as regards front and rear, the sensation of 
Ms sides was even worse. Here everything seemed 
to be loose and gone. There was no support. A 
barrel whose hoops have been feloniously withdrawn 
might comprehend the emotions of the Local in this 
regard — nothing else could. 

Howbeit, it behooved the Local not to stand there 
like a sand-stone monument in the midst of so much 
life and activity ; and he forthwith proceeded to ex- 
periment about, until he could gain confidence a 
little. After a while he began to feel secure, and, 
tightening his straps once more, said to himself, 
-^'We used to run like the wind. Sposen we try it 
now ? Tain't hard to do." 

Away he went — and one leg took off to Buchanan, 
while the other made a straight shoot for Nor- 
folk. 

The segregation of particles was immense — ^it was 
hideous. The Local, in that disjunctive mood, sym- 
pathized deeply with logs that have rails riven out 
of them. Henceforth, in skating, as in faro, he will 
object to splits. When he gathered himself together 
again, he drew one foot out of Judith's dam, while 
the other came slowly up from the Combined Locks, 
— his legs commenced right under his cravat — ^he 
was a pair of tongs. 

Then the Local held another parley with himself. 

"Local, my little man," quoth he, "this will never 
do — won't begin to do. Just imagine that a bevy 
of lovely damsels are watching you from yonder 
Bnow-clad shore. Kemember your position. You 



TAKES A TURN ON THE ICE. 189 

are the great Local of the Virffima7i. Come; plack 
up a little pluck, and try it again." 

So, having patted himself on the moral back, he 
once more issued forth upon the gelid field, and this 
time to some purpose; for, although he executed 
neither High nor Low Dutch, and didn't astonish 
anybody, he, nevertheless, got the management of 
himself pretty well. Thereupon he began to cut a 
circle backwards. Finding tliat his old cunning had 
not forsaken him, and tliat he was doing the thing 
up rather brown, he grew immediately vain. 

"Beautiful ladies," said he, addressing the group 
of imaginary damsels on the snowy shore, — " beauti- 
ful ladies, you see that the Local has been accustomed 
to move in the most polished circles, and to move 
there with grace and ease. But do not admire me 
too much, beautiful ladies; do not underrate my 
clumsy and unhappy companions. They were not 
educated on the waters of the Jarsies ; I was.^^ 

Distracted by his vain imaginings, the Local flew 
around like the marble on a roulette table. Kound 
and round he went, like Foe's man in the Maelstrom, 
faster and faster and faster, till the river and the 
shore, the town, the hills, heaven and earth joined 
in the general whirl. Objects fairly hissed before 
his eyes. He felt that he was achieving a reputation 
that would be remembered by the skaters of Lynch- 
burg to their dying day. 

Then there was a rush, a swoop, a crush, a jar, — 
and all was dark and still. 

When consciousness returned to the Local, he knew 



190 THE LOCAL EDITOR TAKES A TURN ON THE ICE. 

he had commenced existence in the remote past as a 
teetotum, and that he had been whirled along through 
unnumbered ages until his name got to be Carrier, 
and that Carrier had fallen from his balloon many 
thousand feet plump down upon the skull of an 
Irishman, or some other impenetrable substance. He 
had a vague notion that something had gone in under 
the local head that he had not intended to put there, 
and which reflected much harder upon himself than 
upon the public. The local spinal column appeared 
to him to be full of matter not very interesting to 
anybody, unless it miglit be a doctor. Bye and bye 
he heard a noise as of some great merry-making. 
Whereupon he quickly surrendered his borrowed 
skates, and took himself off home in a very boned- 
turkey, bruised-souce condition. He reflected, as 
he limped along, that the levity of small boys was 
frequently out of place — that people laughed too 
much anyhow. 

When last seen he was standing up correcting a 
proof with a moral energy surprising when we re- 
member that he had parted with skin enough to 
cover a trap ball. 

Now let us sing, long live the king; 

The Local, long live he: 
When next he goes a ska-ti-ing, 

May we be there to see ! 



A HORRIBLE SCMPE. 



A HARD day's ride through one of the wildest 
and most sparsely settled mountain districts of 
T^irginia, brought me, towards the close of a summer 
^evening, to a river about a quarter of a mile wide, 
iind much swollen by rains. The road went down to 
the river as if to a ford, but as well as I could see, 
there was no sign of a road on the other side. Hab- 
itation of any sort there was none, nor had I beheld 
even so much as a shanty during the last ten miles 
of my ride. The trees being pretty thick on the 
other side of the water, I had some faint hope that 
the ferrj^man's house might be hidden among them, 
and shouted at the top of my voice to attract his at- 
tention. No answer was returned ; only the echoes 
of my own hallooing, which came back from the 
craggy spurs of mountain that lifted their heads on 
«very side, with a strange ellin sound, that increased 
my fears and added greatly to tlie sense of loneli- 
ness which had been oppressive enough before I 
reached the river. 

My situation was simply appalling. The horse I 
rode was spent with excessive fatigue, so that, even 
had the river been fordable, I could not have trusted 
him in the swift running current. As I had eaten 
nothing since breakfast, and had trotted nearly fifty 



192 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

miles in the interim, it may be inferred that my own 
condition as to strength was little better than that of 
my horse. Although it was summer time, it must 
be remembered that a summer night in the moun- 
tains is, if anything, a shade or a shade and a half 
colder than a winter night in the tide- water regions. 
I had no overcoat, or cloak, or blanket, or wrapping 
of any description. The district through which I 
had ridden was known to be infested with bears and 
wolves. I could not go back, because the distance 
was too great ; I could not go forward, because there 
was the river; and the idea of sleeping (if sleep 
were possible) all night on the bank, was out of the 
question. 

Therefore I shouted manfully until my throat be- 
came so sore, and my voice so hoarse, that I could 
shout no more. I am sure that I wasted a precious half 
hour in shouting. It did no good. Nobody replied. 
And there I was, with the tremendous gloomy moun- 
tains shutting me in from all the world, and the hor- 
rible night fast coming on. What was to be done ? 

I will not detain the reader with the painful debate 
which took place in my mind on the above question. 
The result was, that I got down ofE my horse, hitched 
him to a tree, pulled oif every rag of my clothes, laid 
them down on the grass, and put my watch and 
pocket-book on top of them. My appearance was 
that of a Georgia Major, with a slight variation, — 
in this, that instead of a shirt collar and a pair of 
spurs, the sum total of my costume consisted of a 
bad hat and a pair of green spectacles with double 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 193 

glasses, which I had been compelled to use to pro- 
tect my eyes from the glaring sunlight reflected from 
the road. 

Thus accoutred, I plunged in. The shock pro- 
duced by entering the water, gave me so much 
strength that I swam more than half way across with 
perfect ease, notwithstanding the swiftness of the 
stream. But long before I reached the opposite 
bank, my newly acquired vigor left me, and I thought 
every moment that I must give up and be drowned. 
I dare not attempt to touch the bottom, lest in re- 
linquishing the horizontal position, I should never 
be able to regain it, and so struck out, with arms grow- 
ing more and more feeble, until at last, to my great 
joy, I grounded in water not more than a foot or so 
deep. I crawled out on the bank, and laid flat down 
in the wet mud. My personal appearance was not 
improved by this performance, but I was compelled 
to do it to keep from fainting, for my strength was 
completely gone when I touched the shore. 

Probably ten minutes passed before I rose out of 
the mud. The sun was nearly down, but a rosy 
light lingered above the dark mountain tops. Look- 
ing carefully about, I presently discovered a little 
path that ran along the side of the river. It ap- 
peared to be a cow-path. Adjusting my hat and 
green spectacles, I walked rapidly along the path, 
feeling certain that it would lead to a house. The 
gravels in the path bruised my feet ; the briars and 
limbs scratched my skin; the mosquitoes and gnats 
bit me on the back; the front part of my person 
II.— 13. 



194 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

being covered with mud, did not suffer at all, and I 
wished heartily that I had daubed both sides instead 
of one. I pushed on in spite of gnats, briers and 
gravels, anxious to reach the house, and hear once 
more the sound of a human voice. 

All of a sudden I stopped abruptly. Said I to 
myself : " When you get to the house the dogs may 
get after you ; what are you going to do ? 

Having no knife, and no time to lose in hunting 
sticks that might happen to be lying on the ground, 
I fell to work, and after incredible exertion, managed 
to twist two tolerably stout limbs off a neighboring 
tree. Thus armed, I resembled the picture of Her- 
cules in the story books, being nude, ai)d having a 
club, or rather two clubs; and what I lacked in 
muscle, I made up in mud and spectacles. 

I hurried forward and soon came to a high fence 
that crossed the path at right angles. 

The moon was up and shining brightly, but my 
eyes had been so strained in looking for the house 
that I could not see very distinctly. I mounted the 
fence very softly, for the rails were very sharp and 
my feet very tender, and as soon as I got astraddle of 
the top rail, up rose a woman who had been milking 
a cow within three feet of the fence. 

If it had been any other than a bony and sinewy 
mountain woman, the spectacle she beheld on the 
fence would have frightened her to death ; she would 
have fallen dead in her tracks, without even uttering 
a syllable. As it was, she gave forth the most pierc- 
ing shriek that ever issued from human lips, threw 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 195 

the milk, pail and all, in my face, and flew like the 
wind to the house — screaming fearfully at every step. 
The cow set up a hideous lowing and galloped madly 
after her, followed by the calf, in an ecstasy of fright, 
with its tail in convulsions. 

My intense anxiety about myself had not permitted 
me to think for a moment of the figure I would cut 
in the eyes of the first person who beheld me. I do 
not blame the woman for being scared. An unclad 
man, plastered with mud, sitting on the top of the 
fence in the moonlight, and glaring down through a 
pair of green spectacles, is an object too seldom be- 
held by even the most favored of either sex to be 
contemplated with equanimity. No wonder she 
shrieked. I would have done as much myself. But 
if she was scared, I was scared, too. I had no idea 
that a human being was within a mile of me, and if 
she had risen out of the ground, or dropped plump 
from the skies, she could not have astonished me 
more than when she stood up and uttered that terrific 
scream, which went like a dagger to my very heart. 
The running-away scene between the woman, the 
cow and the calf, I beheld but for an instant, for such 
was my fright and exhaustion that it would have 
been marvellous indeed if the milk-pail, thrown with 
all the force of extreme terror, had not knocked me 
down. I fell to the ground, and as the rail on which 
I had been sitting was a new rail, very sharp, and 
full of splinters, it was but natural that my fall 
should be attended with numerous serious lesions. 
In truth, I suffered frightfully. 



196 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

I suppose I must have been insensible for a short 
time after I had struck the ground ; but I was soon 
aroused to consciousness by the pains in my body, the 
screams of the woman, which still continued, and by 
the bar'king of dogs ! I scrambled back to the top 
of the fence, grasped my two sticks with all the 
strength I could muster, and prepared for the con- 
flict. Soon there was a whistling by my ears and the 
crack of a rifle, which made me bounce from the 
fence with astonishing agility. But now the dogs 
came on at full speed, barking savagely, and I re- 
mounted the accursed fence more quickly than I de- 
scended. The next two or three minutes remained a 
chaos to me. I only remember that I straddled that 
abominable fence, and drew my legs close up under 
me; that I fought desperately with dogs; that the 
woman screamed and screamed; that I detected the 
rough sounds of a man's voice, but did not see him 
or anything else; and that there was a confusion 
worse confounded of canine, feminine and masculine 
intonations. 

After the first burst of the attack was over, I re- 
member hearing the woman shriek out, hysterically 
something to this effect: 

"Kill him! kill him! Shoot him down! Take 
and take a stick and knock the thing's brains out! 
Make haste and knock 'em out! Kill him in the 
head ! Take and kill him ! " 

In the extremity of my fear, I lost all the dignity 
of manhood, and, like a very child, cried out — 

"Oh, Lordy! Oh, Lordy! Mister, please don't 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 197 

kill me. Don't shoot me, mister. I'll give you any- 
thing if you won't shoot me. 'Taint nobody but me. 
Please wait a little while. Oh ! Lordy ! Oh ! Lordy ! 
Call your dogs off, call your dogs off ! Oh ! Lordy ! 
call 'em off quick ! quick ! Oh ! Lordy ! ! ! " 

When at last the dogs were called off, and all was 
completely in quiet, my appearance was not improved. 
I was bleeding profusely — not from the nose. I dare 
say the top rail of that diabolical fence is stained with 
blood to this day, My hat and spectacles were 
gone — torn to pieces by the dogs. My beard, very 
long and black, was whitened with milk. I must 
have been a pretty sight, and there was no difficulty 
in seeing me, for the moon shone brilliantly. 

The woman, folding her arms, gazed at me with a 
strange look of awe and rage. The man, holding his 
rifle with both hands, ready to draw a bead on me 
in an instant, spoke fiercely ! 

" What in the nation is you a-doing up thar on my 
fence, start bodily naked, this time o' night, skeering 
my wife and cattle to death ?" 

As well as I could, I explained the distressing 
quandary into which I had been thrown when I ar- 
rived at the river, extenuated the nudity of my per- 
son, and begged to stay all niglit. 

The woman vociferously replied : 

" You shan't — ^you shan't do no such a thing. 
Shan't stay here. You ought to be shamed o' your- 
self. Better take and go 'long back to the lunatic 
whar you belong. I know yon. I seen you at the 
'Sylum in Staunton last spring. Take and git off that 
fence, and go 'long back. G'long, g'long !" 



198 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

To be bare, muddy, bloody, and full of splinters, 
brier scratches and musqiiito bites, was bad enough ; 
but to be mistaken for a hinatic, and denied a night's 
lodgino: when I was half dead with exhaustion from 
hunger, hard riding and dog-fighting, was a cap to 
the climax of my sorrows, for which I had not bar- 
gained. Disclaiming any connection with the Asy- 
lum in Staunton, I stated the fact that I was a Vir- 
ginian, travelling on horse-back for tlie benefit of my 
health ; and again and most piteously entreated per- 
mission to remain all night. But the fates were 
against me — ^worse was yet to come. 

" Look here, crittur," said the man, " 'taint no use 
your talkin' about staying here all night. You aint 
gomg to do it ; so you jest as well make up your 
mind to clear out. I don't want no sich cattle hang- 
ing roun' me." 

" What do you mean !" inquired I, submissively. 

" Mean," he replied — and here he caught hold of 
his wife and pushed her in the direction of the house, 
saying as he did so ; " Git and go 'long home. Aint 
you got no manners — standing thar looking at him 
like it was the devil. Clear out, and shet the door 
when you git in." 

And on she went. 

He then turned upon me ferociously : 

" Mean," said he, replying to my question. " What 
do I mean ? I'll tell yoti very quick. Jest this, 
precise: If you don't git down off that fence, I'll 
put daylight through you in less time than it takes 
cannel coal to ketch fire. I say it pint blank. If 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 199 

you don't git off that fence and take tlie back track, 
I'll shoot you, by goney ! as sure as death and taxes. 
You can't fool me. 'Taint the first time horse thieves 
has tried to come that game on me. But they get 
the wrong buck by the huf . Cut out, if you don't 
want the buzzards to find a bullet in your craw be- 
fore morning. I don't keer if they do ketch you, 
and hang you to boot, you cussed, imposing, thiev- 
ing son of a snapping turtle." 

He was in dead earnest,, as every tone of his voice 
and every gesture of his body proved. There was 
no helping it — I had to go. Will it be believed by 
the hospitable people of lower Virginia, that the 
Commonwealth contains a human being who would 
drive a naked, bleeding, hungry, toil-worn man from 
his door, at the dead hour of night ; for though it 
was only eight o'clock at the time, it would have 
made no difference if it had been midnight ? Will it 
be believed that this atrocitj^ could be perpetrated 
in any part of Virginia ? Yet it was even so, and 
I will swear to it. What I have related is an actual 
fact, which I could verify by calling the name of 
the man, the river I crossed, and the exact locality 
of the ferry-house. I am strongly tempted to do so ; 
but, unfortunately for the cause of justice, it hap- 
pens that in " spotting" the ferry-man, I would ne- 
cessarily " spot " myself — and that I am not inclined 
to do. 

Getting down from the fence as speedily as my 
maimed condition would permit, I inquired of the 



200 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

inhuman wretch how far it was to the next house, 
and in what direction. He answered gruffly. 

" Take yon path. It taint mo'n than three miles. 
But sure's you go thar, 'thou't putting your clothes 
on, if you've got any, you'll git killed. Thar's a 
man thar that'll make cat-fish bait out of you in a 
minute, if you go to fooling 'bout him, stripped start 
naked, certain." 

Weak as 1 was, my anger rose at this brutal speech. 

^' And you have the hqart to send me three miles 
away, when you see I can hardly stand. I didn't 
think the devil himself would do it." 

" Look here," replied he, " I don't want none o' 
your jaw. If you've got good sense, you'll cut right 
out." 

" But," I answered, " I am unable to walk a hun- 
dred yards. I will certainly die on the way, and 
rather than do that, I'll stay here and get shot. I 
dare you, you inhuman villian, to shoot me." 

''Hunh!" said he, sneeringly, "the likes of you 
don't die easy, 'cept when they're hung. And as for 
shootin' you, I don't want no sich carcass on my 
land." He turned abruptly and walked into the 
house, calling the dogs with him. 

I stood irresolute for a moment, my heart swelling 
as if it would burst, and tears of rage in my eyes — 
then started off hurriedly in the direction indicated. 
He said the house was not more than three miles dis- 
tant. To me it seemed three thousand, and ages on 
ages elapsed before I reached it. How I managed 
to do so passes my comprehension. I walked and 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 201 

walked and walked. There was no other choice. . To 
attempt to recross the river was certain death by 
drowning. To lie down was death of the worst de- 
scription; for, numbed with cold, how could I keep 
the wolves from devouring me ? Death by the rifle 
seemed to be the only alternative. I would go on 
and get shot. Perhaps by the wayside I might meet 
some Good Samaritan, who would take pity on me. 
These were the motives which impelled me onward, 
when every step was agony. 

Doubtless the reader has laughed at my hideous 
position, when I sat on the fence fighting the dogs 
with my two sticks and bellowing for mercy ; but if 
he will imagine that same ridiculous figure, driven 
off into the night and hobbling painfully along, with 
the great mountains, the cold moon, the pitiless stars, 
the dismal sounds in the endless woods for his com- 
panions — if the reader will contemplate this picture, 
I am sure he will feel no inclination to laugh at an 
object so truly pitiable. 

At last I came in sight of the house of the man 
who was going to make cat-fish bait of me, and 
walked, or rather limped, up to the fence. It was 
hard work getting to the top. My weakness was 
such that 1 was obliged to hold by one hand to keep 
from falling; with the other I clutched my stick as 
tightly as my chilled and half -paralyzed fingers would 
permit. So desperate had I now become, that I 
cared nothing for dogs — scarcely anything for bul- 
lets. It was nearly midnight. No light was burn- 
ing in the house. All was profoundly still. I at- 



202 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

tempted to say " hello ! " bnt my numbed tongue re-^ 
fused its office. I tried again. No go — not a sound 
could be urged out of my blue lips. I made a third 
and most anxious effort, and out came a weak quaver- 
ing screech, so unlike my natural voice that it fright- 
ened me. This was answered by the loud barking,, 
as of an immense dog, and in less than a minute a 
big brindle rushed at the fence to tear me in pieces. 
Being incapable of motion, I hung rather than sat 
upon the fence, as still as a statue or large white rag.. 
Big Brindle paused within a foot of me — set up a 
ghastly howl! — tucked his tail, and ran howling un- 
der the house. 

The door was soon opened, and I heard a coarse,, 
harsh voice setting the dog on me. 

"Sic him, Lion. Seize him, sir. Skirch him." 

But Lion only howled the more. 

The door was closed, only for a short time, how- 
ever. A tall, powerful man — a very giant to my 
excited senses — stepped out, and after looking around 
for a moment or so, to ascertain my whereabouts,, 
took a step or two forwards, and — ^levelled his heavy 
rifle at me ! 

I was not at all alarmed. My faculties were in. 
such a state of stupor that no peril, however immi- 
nent, could have excited me to make any effort at 
self-preservation. 

He took a long, deliberate aim. I sat on the fence 
quite coolly. In the absence of even a stitch of rai- 
ment, I take no reproach to myself for being cool. 
Need it be said that my spectacles, which I had lost, 



A. HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 203^ 

together with my liat, would have afforded me but a 
meagre protection against the nipping mountain air? 
Nor did the now thoroughly dried mud on my chest 
assist me much. 

He took deliberate aim, and fired ! 

The rifle snapped ! 

This seemed to frighten the powerful man. 

"Cuss the thing," said he, in a rough whisper^ 
"What is it?" 

After gazing at me intently for nearly a minute^ 
he began very cautiously to advance upon me. 

"Mum — mum — mister," I contrived to stammer 
out; for, now that my speech had returned to me,. 
my teeth began to chatter, and my whole person to 
shake with the intense cold. 

"Mum — mum — mister," said I. 

He drew back. 

"Dud — dud — don't be afraid," I continued, "I 
wo— wo— wo — won't hurt you. I am nothing but — 
but — ^but a man." 

"The you are!" he replied. " Whar's your 

clothes, and what are you doing here ? " 

I chattered out the facts of the case as briefly as I 
could, and in a tone of voice which must have con- 
vinced him that I was neither a lunatic nor a horse- 
thief, for he interrupted me before I was half through 
my story, by inviting me into the house, and even 
took my arm to help nie along, when he saw how 
stiff, cold, sore, and weak I was. 

When we reached the door, he stopped me, say- 
ing: 



204 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

" You jest wait here a little while. I ain't got but 
two rooms ; me and my wife sleeps in one, and my 
daughter in the other ; 111 tell 'em you're a coming." 

So I sat down on a block that served as a door 
step. Very soon I lieard a woman's voice, much 
softer than that of the female dragon I had encoun- 
tered at the cow-pen, but almost as much excited. 

" Goodness gracious ! Mr. , take him in here 

at this time of the night. I never heard of such a 
thing. Why, what on earth can be the matter with 
him? I lay anything he ain't no better .than he 
ought to be." 

Then ensued some words from the husband which 
I could not make out. 

"Well, Mr. ," replied his wife, "you can do 

wliat you think right, but, for my part, I ain't going 
to come anigh him." 

And I heard her get out of bed and go into the 
other room. A light was struck; the man assisted 
me in the door, and placed me in a chair. Almost 
immediately a counterpane was thrown over me by 
some one from behind, who I afterwards learned was 
the daughter of my kind host. I was in the act of 
rising, in order to draw the counterpane more snugly 
around me, when he said: 

"Wait a bit; wait till she gits back in the other 



room." 



In less than ten minutes from tlie time I entered, 
a bright little fire was blazing in the fire-place, and 
my counterpane was exchanged for a suit of my 
friend's clothes, which, albeit, they were thrice too 



A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 205 

large for me, made me feel something like a human 
being again. During all this time, however, I had 
to answer many questions as to myself, my horse,, 
etc., a task by no means easy, inasmuch as the warmth 
of the fire made me exceedingly sleepy. As soon aa 

he saw that I was comfortable, Mr. went into 

the adjoining room to hold a little talk with his 
family, part of which I overheard. 

"He looks to me like a circus rider," whispered 
the old lady. 

" Yes," whispered the young one, " the front part 
of him is all painted red as blood. 

" 'Tain't nothing but mud," said her father. 

" Do you think he is right in his mind ?" inquired 
Mrs. . 

" Well, I dunno — ^he talks ruther thick like," was 
the answer. 

"Poor, pitiful, miserable creature," said the girl; 
" I don't reckon he means no harm. It would be a 
sin to send him away." 

"I'm feard he's a robber, or something," said 
Mrs. . 

" If he is, he can't hurt nothing," replied Mr. . 

" He is broke down clean to the ground. A child 
could handle him." 

" Did you watch his beard — that white truck on 
it ?" inquired Miss . 

" Yes," said her father, as his voice sunk still lower. 
" Yes, and I've heerd of a kind of ghost called doe- 
suckers, that runs wild in the woods, and lives by 
sucking does to death. Tliis here looks mighty like 



206 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

one of 'em ; and I don't like Lion how he did — tuck- 
ing his tail and running under the house, and yowlin 
at the crittur. He nuvver done so before since he 
was a puppy two months old." 

Then followed a brisk whispering in too low a 
lone for me to catch. 1 stopped nodding in order 
to listen, for this doe-sucking business was a new 
und alarming feature in the case. Presently Mrs. 

said : 

" If 'tis a doe-sucker, they say you can tell 'em by 
flinging a rotten apple in their face. They can't 
abear it." 

"Yes," said the young lady, "and grandma told 
me that you kin kill 'em certain and sure, jest by 
jobbin' a spike-buck horn in their ear. But they 
say that doe-suckers never trouble people." 

I sat petrified with horror. '* Fling a rotten apple 
in my face," and "job a buck-horn in my ear," to 
see whether I was a "doe-sucker" or not; it was 
enough to horrify any man. Why, I had never 
heard of such a thing as a "doe-sucker." 

Kind heaven must have interposed in my behalf 
at this critical juncture. The family conference 
ended, the good man came forward, and to my joy- 
ful surprise — for I expected every moment to hear a 
rotten apple whizzing past my head, and dared not 
turn round, lest it might hit me in the face — ^intro- 
duced me to his wife and daughter — the latter a very 
nice girl, eighteen or nineteen years old. Not an in- 
timation was made about "doe-sucking," though I 
<}ould but fancy that the two ladies — such they 



A HOKRIBLE SCRAPE. 207 

proved to be on further acquaintance — looked at me 
nervously, and hitched their chairs further off, as if 
in doubt whether I was composed of flesh and bones, 
or some impalpable substance. 

It was not long before a cup of hot coffee pro- 
duced such a change in my spirits that I, easily per- 
suaded Mr. to go after my horse and clothes. 

While he was gone, I managed to get so far into the 

graces of Mrs. and Miss , that when he returned, 

bringing everything (my money and watch included) 
safely, he found me on the intimate footing of a 
member of the family. 

I remained many days with these excellent people, 
i'eceiving from every one of them the utmost tender 
ness and care. 

When I got well enough to mount my horse once 
more — the first attempt was painful in the extreme. 

Mr. positively refused to accept the smallest 

return for his hospitality. Indeed, it was not with- 
out difficulty that I restrained him from executing 
summary justice upon tlie heathens at the ferry- 
liouse, who had treated me so shamefuUv. I can 
never forget that log-lionse in the mountains, and 
the warm-hearted folks that dwelt therein. 

The recollection of their great kindness to me, a 
perfect stranger, half effaces the anger and the mor- 
tification I feel whenever I tliink of that horrid night 
of suffering and brutal treatment. I had the satis- 
faction before leaving the immediate neighborhood, 

of sending Miss (by the way, we had many a 

good laugh over the " rotten apple " business) a nice 



208 A HORRIBLE SCRAPE. 

dress, with a sliawl for her mother, and five dollars 
worth of powder and shot for her father. 

So ended the most disagreeable, if not the most 
perilous adventure I ever had. It may gratify the 
reader to know that the narrative is, in every es- 
sential, strictly true. And he may rest assured that 
this experiment satisfied me that a suit of mud and 
spectacles is not exactly the thing to walk about in at 
midnight in the mountains of Virginia. If I know 
myself, it will be some time before I swim a river 
again, and run the risk of passing for a lunatic, a 
horse thief, and a doe-sucker. 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER 

CHOICE. 



FRANCES TEMPLEMAN was no ordinary child. 
In appearance, in manner, she differed from other 
children ; and that difference can best be defined by 
a simple statement — she was never called Fanny. 
Readers will judge what the peculiar character of a 
child must be who has never known an endearing 
diminutive. But let them beware lest their judg- 
ment be too harsh. Frances was passionately loved 
by her parents, respected by all who knew her, and 
was herself warm and true, though not demonstrative 
in her attachments. She was reserved, not cold ; full 
of controlled spirit, not wild, nor, in its lightsomest 
sense, gay ; dutiful, though wilful; obliging, but care- 
less of praise. 

At eighteen she was the proudest of all the proud 
beauties of her State. In thought, in feeling, she had 
been a woman years before, and now was mistaken for 
a woman of twenty-five. She was much courted, mainly 
by men of position advanced in life; younger ad- 
mirers hung upon her movements, never daring to 
advance. It was predicted that this woman would 
make a brilliant match, and none other, for never 
was there a woman seemingly more fitted for a mar- 
II.— 14. 



210 MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 

riage of convenience. Her queenly form, her high man- 
ner, her silvery but delibeiate accents, claimed as their 
appropriate sphere the loftiest position in society. 

One who knew her well — ^lie was her first cousin 
and only intimate friend — doubted if she would ever 
marry at all. He knew that to a woman eminently 
refined and intellectual the choice of a husband was 
a problem almost too hard to be solved. Such a wo- 
man may not confide in her instincts, for instinct in 
such women is subject to the domination of reason; 
and when a momentous question is transferred for 
decision from a woman's heart to a woman's mind, 
the issue is always protracted, and of necessity most 
painful. It is a suit in English chancery, the deci- 
sion of which can scarcely ever be satisfactory. 
Passion, be it of the warmest, as most surely it 
is when its exhibition is suppressed — passion is 
frittered away under the slow and calm examina- 
tion of conflicting claims. And when, at last, the 
tardy decision is reached — when the suitor is elected 
— he is elected not gladly, not with the sweetly thrill- 
ing assent and unf earing, boundless confidence of 
the heart, but with the dispassionate coolness of the 
judgment, as a choice of evils. How repugnant it 
must be for a woman, in whom exists even a trace 
of natural delicacy, to place her person and destiny 
coldly in the keeping of a man, simply because he is 
a man, many, very many women know, alas ! too well. 
Frances Templeman was as far above the influence 
of sordid motives as she was above the reach of all 
merely worldly considerations and opinions, petty, 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 211 

because purely egotistical. Naturally self-reliant, 
she had great need to be more so, now that in her 
early womanhood she was left without a parent and 
without a guardian in whom she could in the least 
confide. Averse to conversation upon the subject of 
love, her views were nevertheless well known. They 
were speculative and unexact, more nice than com- 
prehensive, subtle rather than true, as opinio7\s 
of an unknown feeling must ever be. The highest 
tuition of her emotional nature — that nature, which, 
while it is the most docile pupil of passion, is at the 
same time the best teacher of the intellect — she had 
never experienced. She had never loved. It is 
much to say even of a dull girl, that she has reached 
the age of eighteen without having ever loved ; it is 
almost impossible to believe when asserted of a girl 
exquisitely organized in body as in mind. Yet it 
was literally true of Frances Templeman. Whoever 
chooses may believe that her pride, her will (or any 
other quality that made her the exalted woman she 
was), suppressed the first tender germs of the " sweet 
disorder ;" but he before whom her inmost soul lay 
unsheltered as a lake before the sun, knows that she 
had never felt its lightest movement. The natural 
inference would be that she was insusceptil)le ; and, 
satisfied with this inference, many will dismiss her as 
something more or less than woman. But she was a 
woman, and precisely such a woman as a pure, moral 
atmosphere and an advanced civilization tend to pro- 
duce. Her counterpart may be found, not in many 
cities, but in almost every village of this republic. 



212 MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 

Further removed from the vice of sentimentality 
than the vast majority even of men, she nevertheless 
possessed the sentiment of love in its most subtle, 
which is its most concentrated form. Could a pro- 
per object have been found, this sentiment might 
have known the arterial warmth of life ; and he who 
had been blessed with her love, in true reciprocal ap- 
preciation, would have had but little to ask for in 
the life to come. But as the eye is dead to all forces 
save only the impalpable ether of light, so her sus- 
ceptibility was of a fineness not to be moved by gross 
or ordinary influences, and lay dormant, but not 
dead, within her. 

It is questionable whether, taking personal hap- 
piness alone into view, such a woman ought ever to 
marry ; certainly it is unfortunate when, as a result 
of abstract reasoning, she concludes that she should. 
This Frances Templeman did, and thus women like 
to her are prone to do. 

Her purpose fixed, she acted with yet more than 
her wonted prudence and deliberation. Five years 
passed away before she made her choice. Her re- 
serve, and the common belief that she had decided 
never to marry, repelled many suitors ; but her fresh 
and peerless beauty retained many more. There was 
no danger of her being compelled to choose the 
crooked stick. Suitors of seven years' standing were 
tied to her chariot wheels when she drove in triumph 
through the golden gates of matrimony. Was it 
indeed a triumph ? So far as human power could 
judge it was. 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE, 213 

Her decision was no secret to her cousin. It was 
his pleasure at all times, it was his duty now, to de- 
fer to a penetration infinitely superior to his own. 
He made no opposition. She knew men well. The 
values of wealth, of intellect, of birth, position, 
strength of character, and of amiability, she had 
estimated accurately. All these desiderata^ in just 
and rare proportion, seemed combined in the person 
of her choice. 

He was, of course, much older than herself. A 
widower with several children (most of whom, for- 
tunately, were too nearly grown to require the 
arduous attentions or to imbibe the natural hatred of 
a step-mother). Judge Blondel imposed no harder 
task upon his bride than to do the honors of a house, 
which, if not the most imposing, was the most beauti- 
ful, for situation and architectural finish, of all the re- 
sidences in a country noted for the loveliness of its 
scenery and the wealth and culture of its inhabitants. 
A more befitting mistress could not have been chosen. 
From the first moments she displayed, in that seat of 
social elegance, the natural ease and grace of a wo- 
man familiar with the command of a large and 
polished household. 

Between herself and her husband there appeared 
to exist a cordiality of good feeling which has ever 
been, and ever will be, mistaken for unanimity of 
sentiment and of will, and which, so long as the mis- 
take remains undiscovered, answers all or nearly all 
the ends of a perfect congeniality. When a son was 
born to them, Frances Blondel thought the measure 



214 MAKRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 

of her happiness was full, and in the abundance of 
her joy blessed God for that he had bestowed upon 
her the husband and man of her choice. 

It is an error made by every young mother, es- 
pecially if she be a cultivated woman and married to 
a man of refinement and kind disposition; it is an 
error common to such mothers to confuse and blend 
the sources of loves which are distinct in origin, dis- 
tinct in application, distinct in gratification. But in 
time the distinction becomes clear. No love can be 
purer or more intense than a mother's; indeed, in 
certain moods, it seems almost sacrilegious to com- 
pare any other love with that; but every woman 
knows that in her breast there is another fountain — 
strong, full, bright, warm — which seeks and finds re- 
pose for its ever-welling waters only in the ample 
ocean of a husband's love. If this fiowing tide find 
never its true reservoir, there happens in the wo- 
man's soul that calamity which any attempt at de- 
finition would serve only to obscure, but which many 
women — alas ! how many — understand too well. 

Why it was that Frances Blondel could not love 
her husband it would be impossible to say. In all 
the relations of life he exhibited precisely those traits 
which go to make, humanly speaking, a perfect man. 
If he was not brilliant, he had that excellent balance 
of the intellectual faculties which is everywhere 
reckoned better than brilliance; if he was les& 
wealthy tlian his oflice and his hereditary estates 
might have made him, it was because of a liberality 
to his children and a silent charity to the poor that 



* MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 215 

did him honor ; he lacked not one of the comforts 
or the elegancies of life ; and he was withal the best 
of neighbors, the most uxorious of husbands, and the 
kindest of masters. Nor was he very deficient in 
sentiment. Why such a man should not have com- 
manded the heart-whole reverence of Frances Blon- 
del, or of any woman, it is useless to ask. But 
wherein consists the mystery of that effect we name 
"love," and what constitutes the rational basis of 
that adoration which the first women of earth have 
entertained and cherished, against all scorn and con- 
tumely and poverty, for men hideous with faults ? 
We know not. We read of, and easily comprehend, 
what has been styled a " cold perfection of charac- 
ter." But Judge Blondel was not chargeable with 
coldness; on the contrary, he was a man innately 
warm and true, and persistent in his affections ; he 
had, besides, more than enough of the leaven of hu- 
man infirmity to entitle him to human love. Why 
did not Frances love him ? Go ask her. Her cousin 
never dared. 

This unexplained something, which, like the vir- 
tues of medicine, is ascertainable only upon trial — 
this something that makes or unmakes the happiness 
of marriages among the cultivated, the gifted — this 
something (call it spiritual aflinity if you will) it is 
which renders matrimony the lottery it has been 
proclaimed to be the world over in all time. It rests 
with all of us, each to determine for himself whether 
he will adventure the chances of this lottery. The 
prizes are magnificent — but the risk is immense ! 



216 MARRIKD TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. • 

When that cousin, who continued after her mar- 
riage to be the intimate friend of Frances Blondel 
that he liad been before, when that cousin ascertained 
that all was not well with her, it was, he now knows, 
long after she herself had perfectly understood the 
cause and the incurable nature of her trouble. So 
far as words go, that trouble has never been hinted, 
nor will it ever be. But there are revealing lights 
of the eye, which, when they are sought and met by 
kindred beams, leave nothing to be told, and say 
much that is beyond the power of speech. Frances 
knew that her secret was a secret no longer, but she 
also knew that it was safe even to the grave ; and, 
assured of this, her unimparted confidence was a re- 
lief to her. Her cousin for a time believed the ail- 
ment a physical one, and Frances herself, although 
far too wise to be deceived as to its true nature or to 
be seduced into poisoning herself with drugs, was 
not unwilling tliat others should attribute to a feeble 
constitution a misfortune of the soul which could 
never be explained. She gladly accepted the alle- 
viation of travel, and saw all that was worthy to be 
seen in America or in Europe. 

How vain to such an invalid are all such tours ! 
One ever-recurring question darkens the bright way, 
saddens the gay march. "What joy, what infinite 
rapture might not these scenes afford if my destiny 
were all it could, all it should be ?" For the afflicted 
soul, ever too blind to the calamities of others, sees 
but its own woe, deems itself the especial object of 
Divine injustice, and claims as its proper due a hap- 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 217 

3)ines8 accorded never to any of mortal birth. De- 
frauded of this happiness, it may meekly submit to 
the will of the Unchangeable One, and find its re- 
ward in a substituted peace. But it is and can be 
only a substitution ; the original birth-right joy, con- 
sciously lost to the soul, must leave a vacuum, sad, 
vast, never to be filled. 

Thirty years have been numbered since Mrs. 
Blondale returned from Europe, and sought, in the 
cares of her household and in the education of her 
children, that nepenthe she could never find amidst 
the most beautiful scenery and in the gayest capitals 
of the world. It may be believed that the faithful 
discharge of the high and holy duties of a mother 
brings sweet recompense, while it leaves small oppor-^ 
timity for the mind to dwell upon its private griefs. 
The flight of years, too, naturally lessens the rigor 
of all grief dependent upon all ungratified sentiment, 
and places the deferred and different happiness in 
the permanency beyond the grave. But neither 
duty performed nor the deadening infiuences of time 
can assuage to the point of forgetfulness a malady 
like that with which Frances Blondel was seized. 
In those lonely hours which come the oftener the 
more we seek to avoid them, the agony returns with 
force proportioned to its delay. No strength of will 
and no intensity of prayer avails to fortify the soul 
against that return. 

The sons and daughters of Frances Blondel grew 
up to man's and woman's estate, the pride, and justly 
the pride and joy, of her own and her husband's 



218 MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 

life. In intelligence, in excellence of manners and 
of morals, in obedient reverence for their parents,, 
her children had no superiors, and scarcely any 
equals. Nor was the beauty of their persons at all 
unworthy their cultivated minds and admirable dis- 
positions. He who could have beheld the Blondel 
family, assembled as it often was, in the soft twilights 
of summer, under the portico, festooned and per- 
fumed with luxuriant vines ; he who could have be- 
held that group in the perfection of its harmony and 
the beauty of the contrasted ages of its members, 
would never have dreamed that the pale mother^, 
who presided with such sweet dignity over the group,, 
had aught to account for her pallor save that wear- 
ing out of the physical system from which scarcely 
any American mother is exempt. But could he- 
have become intimately acquainted with the family,, 
he would have been struck by the fact, apparently^ 
unaccountable, that this mother, so happily married 
to the man of her choice, was strongly, almost bit- 
terly, opposed to marriage in the abstract, and par- 
ticularly to the marriage of any of her own children. 
And so great was the force of her character, the in> 
fluence of her training, and the reverential awe in 
w^hich she was held by her sons and daughters, that 
the violence of her antipathy to matrimony scarcely 
equalled the fear of that institution which had 
mastered their young and plastic minds. Without 
well knowing why, they regarded marriage as perhapa 
the very worst of human ills, a calamity to be shunned 
at all hazards, to be accepted only upon the plea of 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 219^ 

necessity — a plea, it need scarcely be said, which can 
never be urged by those who, like themselves, were- 
placed beyond the provocation of " bettering their 
condition." 

If, when his wife first commenced to instill this 
antipathy into the minds of his children, a suspicion 
as to its origin and nature arose in the heart of 
Judge Blondel, that suspicion was never nursed into 
the hideous form and life of jealousy, but suffered 
amidst the whirl of professional duties to sink into 
the catalogue of " woman's whims," unworthy to be 
seriously combated or remembered. At length this 
^*whim" assumed to his eye the graver aspect of a 
hobby, all the more ridiculous the graver it became.. 
He was fond of joking his wife in company about it, 
and, so adroit was her tact, she encouraged him to 
joke the more. The Judge, now in his seventieth 
year, has as little con(;eption of the true meaning of 
this " hobby " as he has of the atomic condition of 
the remotest stars. Well for him that it is so ; f or^ 
advanced as he is, the heart witliin him is not so 
callous but it would burst on the instant with utter 
mortification and terror — terror because never, after 
the discovery, could he trust any of his senses again. 
He would seem mad to his own view, and to have 
lived mad and blind. 

Frances Blondel, younger than she looks at the 
age of fifty-three, presents a spectacle and a lesson 
that must bring grief and almost despair to the heart 
of him who sees and interprets them aright. The 
wife-life, the wife-love, the wife-woman are dead (so 



220 MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 

far as the palsy of entire inaction hath power to kill 
them) within her, and have been dead years, long 
years ago. Every other joy of earth, save only the 
great joy of the wedded soul^ she has known in 
boundless abundance. Yet they have not suflSced to 
give elasticity and strength to a frame naturally 
strong with the strength of exceeding organic fine- 
ness, nor to remove the melancholy from a mind 
originally possessed of that highest cheerfulness 
which comes of a serene temperament and a clear 
perception of truth in the full wideness of its mani- 
fold relations. Her vigorous mind, in the vain at- 
tempt to escape the contemplation of what appears 
to it an ill-starred destiny, has sought and obtained 
knowledge of matters most foreign to an ordinary 
and contented woman's thoughts. It is painful to 
see with what feverish pleasure and unfeminine bold- 
ness she will discuss the most recondite questions of 
politics, of constitutional and of international law. 
A nice sense of duty to her daughters has advised 
her to intrust the greater portion of the household 
<}ares to them, and it is the leisure afforded by the 
removal of these cares which must be filled, perforce, 
by the driest, the most unprofitable studies. 

This wasted old woman is a Christian in the best 
meaning of the term. She repines not; but the dead 
corpse of a life which should have been lived, of a 
system of intense emotions which found not their 
normal activity, cannot be worn beside the throbbing 
heart without producing disastrous and unconcealable 
>eflfects upon soul and body. Upon the one, doubt. 



MARRIED TO THE MAN OF HER CHOICE. 221 

terrible half -faith ; upon the other, miserable nervoii& 
unsatisfaction. The cause of these effects may be^ 
and happily in her case is, misunderstood ; but the 
effects remain. 

The evil of Frances Blondel's unhappy marriage 
to the man of her choice is confined to the cousin 
who owns her untold secret. He it is who returns 
from silent and piteous interviews with her, having 
in his inmost heart an acute and irrepressible sense 
of injustice, which wounds liim because of its deadly 
impiety, yet will not away. Worse than this sense 
of injustice is the vain and painful questioning of his 
soul concerning the compensation possible for her in 
the coming life, whose dread approach marches fast 
upon himself and upon the wretched woman who 
sinned not in choosing the man of her choice. The 
soul of Frances cannot find a fitting sphere else- 
where than on high ; but in heaven there is neither 
marrying nor giving in marriage; and in all the 
bright and endless cycles of eternity there must 
cleave inseparably to her the sad remembrance of a 
part, and perhaps the sweetest part, of human life, 
lostj lost, lost ! 



FRAY DEVILO, 

Descbibed by Jud Bbownin. 



AFTER his experience with Kubinstein, Jud 
Brownin could hardly be persuaded to visit 
the theatre again ; but being very fond of music and 
very curious to get, as he said, "jest a taste" of the 
opera, he finally went to hear Kellogg, in Fray De- 
vilo. Returning to his home in Orange county, Va., 
he began an account of his adventures to the boys 
.at an experience meeting held on the platform in 
front of Jimmy Roy's bar-room at the Courthouse. 

" Uv all fool things, opera is the f oolest. Thar's 
rhyme, but no reason in operer, not a fetched sguint- 
tihle uv it — it's all gin natur from top to bottom, 
from the overcher to the grand finally. Whoever 
heerd uv makin' love and beatin' time at the same 
time? It can't be did in real life; but in operer 
they don't do nuthin else." 

"Come to the pint. Uncle Jud, come to the pint!" 

" If I'm to be dictatorialized over, and can't tell 
the thing in my own way, I'm gwine home," said 
Jud, rising. 

He was soon pacified, however, and began again. 

"Well, a operer is nothin' mo' nor less than a 
play set to music; somethin' like a sermon preached 



FRAY DEVILO. 223 

out of a band organ, only at a operer they all go in 
full dress ; that is, the men in swaller tail coats, and 
the wiramen with as few clothing as they kin de- 
<3ently git along with — showing all the shoulders and 
iill the diamonds they got. But thar is the big chan- 
dalier, the pit, boxes, galleries, and just like a reglar 
theatre, only thar is mo' fiddlers in the fiddler's pen, 
with a man to beat time for 'em, and another man 
jobbed in a hole on the stage with his head hid under 
A greengig top to beat time for the singers, and I tell 
jou between them time beaters old time has a hard 
old time uv it. 

" The man that collared the big stand up fiddle, 
And comed its stomack gentlv with a sort uv a kind 
UV hoss-har-saw, was the saddest man I ever see. 
All the musicians was melancholy and weary uv the 
world, exceptin' uv the time beater, which had him 
a cat-gut string run up his back-bone that somebody 
jerked it occasionally, and set his arms and legs 
Agoin'. Thar was the brass drums, like a big copper 
orange cut neatly in half, and the men that played 
on 'em were sad, but determined, very determined ; 
•of course thar was the usual assortment of little 
fiddlers, French horns, clarinets, and the like uv that. 
But thar was also a what they call a trumbone, that 
ain't no bone at all, but a sort uv a as-she-slips-she- 
^lides-along brass instrument, which the mouth uv it 
goes (HI the man's shoulder, and the farther he shoots 
out his arm in front the louder she howls behind his 
back. Then, lastly, thar is a off clyde (I didn't see 
the near clyde, and reckon 'twon't thar that night). 



224: FRAY DEVILO. 

a long black thing like the nozzle of a hose pipe^ 
that the man holds like he was going to receive a 
charge uv a cavalry, and blows into her by a tube 
that runs into her between the shoulder-blades. I 
mention this particler for reasons that will appear. 
It takes a power uv wind to run this off clyde, but 
the man that run her was a full-faced man with a 
broader landscape uv bald head than any I ever laid 
eyes on, and when I first looked at it, it was smooth 
as the Pacific Ocean and white as the Arctic Circle 
on a terrestial globe. Once in a while he squoke a 
orful squeak on his off clyde, but did it aperiently 
with ease. But he hilt his instrument so f unnv that 
it looked to me like he had come to a musical fire, 
and was goin' to put it out in a jiffy." 

"Go on, Jud ! go on," from several voices. 

" Oh let hira alone — give liim time," from others. 

" If you don't, I'll give you Hail Columbia. Who 
kin tell about music when he's li'ble to be interrupt- 
ed any minit by a tin-pan-tongue in the mouth uv a 
fool." 

"Well," he continued, "the man with the double 
drums begun, soft like, rattlin' as it was some sweet 
peas on a raw hide ; then the man with the big fid- 
dle hunched her in the ribs, and she grunted with 
satisfaction ; then the little fiddlers commenced quar- 
rellin' and complaining like lovers that was a little 
bit mad with one another ; the clarinet mixed in and 
bleated and ranny-goated ; the fiutes poured in some 
more sweetnin ;" the off clyde and the trumbone also 
jined, and did and did I dunno what; the time 



FRAY DEVILO. 225 

beatin' man stirred all the ingredients together, but 
the tune that had been cortiin' this way turned, and 
the whole pack put out after it, and almost ketched 
up with it, when the tune doubled and went back 
on 'em, and off they went agin, full cry in a bust uv 
melody that was just glorious, not to say splendid. 
If I'd a had a hoss I'd a jumped that orkestre, and 
gone ofP arfter that tune like a streak uv lightnin'; 
and thar was a small boy near me that could barely 
keep his seat, he wanted to go so bad. Either that, 
or he had eat too many peanuts, I don't know which ; 
but I broke him off short in his chawin', for I jest 
tell you I'd a heep rather go to infernal regions than 
set behind a pignoramous a eatin' peanuts when thar 
is music goin on. It's the onpardonable sin, to my 
thinkin', and ought to be a penal {peanutal) offence, 
punishable by law. But apples is wussin peanuts a 
long sight. When a man settin' in front uv me 
socks his teeth into a apple, and a big plug comes out, 
kerflock ! and he begins a chawin' like a hoss eatin' 
corn in a troft, my mouth begins waterin' involun- 
tary, and I can't heer the music, I'd — I'd stob him 
in the back ef he was my own grandfather. Death 
is too good for him, a heap too good ; but ef the 
man a chawin' uv the apple happens to be a woman, 
and you darsent say a word to her, but have to set 
thar and endure it — why I git so rancid mad I want 
to kill myself. But whar was I ?" 

" Chasin' the music." 

"Sho'Hough," (sure enough). 

"The tune took off behind the curtain, the band 

11—15. 



226 FRAY DETILO. 

after it full tilt, went 'round the mount'in and back 
agin, and off agin, the orkester jest a yellin' at its 
heels, till presently it died down and down and down, 
gitten invisiblor and invisibler, till at last thar warnt 
nuthin' but a single note, a dot like the hind eend 
uv a railroad train in the distance, and then thar 
wasn't even that, nothin' was left but you and your 
ache — ^your heart achin' for that blessed music." 

"Is that all. Uncle Jud?" 

"All! you fool! I ain't begun." 

" Good Lord ! " 

Paying no attention to the interruption, Jud went 
on: 

" The play was a pretty play, funny, too ; and the 
music helped it. A English lord, with yaller side 
whiskers, is travelling with his wife, and is robbed 
by a robber bold, that is called Fray Devilo, I>ecause 
he ain't afraid uv the devil. The Englisher, after 
being robbed, comes to a little country tavern kept 
by a old man with a pretty daughter — mighty pret- 
ty, and plump as a stump — called Zerlina, which 
her real name was Lousia Anne Kellogg, and a 
singer she is, too, from taw — a jarrer. Thar is a 
handsome young Italian marquis that has fell in 
love with the Englishman's wife, and the villun he 
pursued her to the tavern, whar the old man set 
supper for him in the yard, and Lousia Anne waited 
on him. Well, while she's a waitin' on him, she 
tells him about the robber bold, that Fray Devilo^ 
in a song that goes : 



FRAY DEVILO. 227 

De yum, de yum, tay doo, tay doo,. tay doo. 
De yum, tetum, doodle, deyoo, de doo, &c. 

"I ketched sum of the words, that run somthin' 
like this : 

On yonder rock reclinin* 
A fierce and somethin' nother form behold, 
De jum turn toodle, te jum turn too, 
De jum tum toodle tee too, 

T-r-e-m-bul ! I and so on, windin' up very solemn, 
with * Devil, oh! Devil, oh!' that makes your har 
rise. She sung so sweet that some uv the notes 
made the tip uv my heart melt. I could feel a clear 
drop uv honey tremblin' on the pint uv it, and the 
little boy in front uv me, why, his eyes jest glistened, 
he loved it so. He was a good boy, and it's a pity 
he ever got acquainted with peanuts. But the play 
went on ; me and the boy and all was gittin' mo' an' 
mo' excited and interested. The gearl's sweetheart 
was a captin' with soldiers that was ordered to hunt 
up old Devilo, and fetch him in dead or alive* So 
ofP they goes, and then, sir — ^you'll hardly believe it, 
but it's the truth if ever I told it — the gearl actilly 
ondressed, and went bodily to bed befo' all them 
people. She done it, or I'm a liar. Somehow or 
other thar was two uv the robber band, dirty hounds 
they were, in the bed-chamber when she cum in, 
but they dodged into a closet, and she didn't see 
'em. When she begun to undo her things in dead 
earnest, 'twarnt no make pretend about it — my heart 
begun to bounce like a ball, and I looked around to 
see what the rest was a goin' to do. Thar they set, 



228 FRAY DEVILO. 

the nicest ladies and srentlemen in town, lookin' at 
that lovely creatur' goin' to bed with deep emotion. 

" But presently when slie kept on a takin' off her 
things, the women looked kinder down to the flo', 
but the men didn't do nuthin' of the kind ; on the 
kontrary quite the reverse. All was solemn and 
still. You could a heard a pin drap. Nobody 
budged nor said a word. My heart went thumpity 
thump, and the little boy fetched breath hard, and 
his eye that was next to me (I couldn't see the other 
eye) stood out like a door knob. Well, sir, when 
she stripped ofP and showed her arms^ — white plump 
arms varnisht in heaven, with little bits o' hands and 
tapering fingers — and spread abroad the glory uv a 
magnificent bust, with the white frill uv a well-bred, 
pretty, modest young woman, I leave it to Methu- 
salah, or any other man in the prime of life, to say 
if she warn't a glorious creatur. That was enough 
for me. By this time I had done forgot all 'bout 
theatres, actin' and that — it was life, the genuine 
thing, and the gearl jest as modest and onsuspectin' 
as could be — a man's own daughter couldn't a been 
mo' so. I say that was enough. But no; I wish 
John may never see Mary, if she didn't take a cheer, 
bring it rite in front, and begin pullin' ofP her shoes 
and stockins. A sort uv a kind uv shudder went 
through me, and the innocent lamb kept a singin^ 
the whole endurin' time. She had got off one shoe 
when " 

Uncle Jud paused again, and wiped the moisture 
from his brow. 



FRAY DEVILO. 229 

" Gentlemen, thar is limits to human natur'. Them 
people would a sot thar, and let the gearl go on on- 
dressin' uv herself to the, last farthing bitter eend; 
but bein' tlie father uv a family, 'twas my duty to 
to put a stop to it, and I done it. I riz ; I says, in 
a audible, but friendly tone, says I : 

" Lousia Anne, my chile, don't proceed with them 
them proceedins any further. Stop right whar you 
are. Thar is two black-hearted villuns peepin' at 
you out o' the closet, and nigh onto a thousand men 
tiptoin' and cranin' their necks to see you good out 
here in the street. And thar is a little boy jinin' 
me that I think is goin' to die, and — and I ain't very 
well myself. Pull down your blinds, my dear, and 
put out your light ! 

"The gearl looked puzzled, and purty flustered, 
but the people — since the world began — ^you never 
heerd such a uproar and laughter, screamin', hur- 
rahin' and huUabuUooin' as they set up. It mighty 
nigh took the top uv the house off. Some uv the 
glass uv the chandelier did fall — 'twere well it didn't 
hit anybody on the head — if it had, it would a gone 
through and through 'em like a red-hot bullet through 
a lump of butter. They kept on laughin' and car- 
ryin' on. Everybody stood up to git a good look at 
me, and two fellows grabbed me by the arm so hard 
they left prints uv their fingers on me for a month. 
I thought they was going to carry me to the cage, 
and in the scuffle I split my coat in the back clean 
up to the collar, which I presented a divided appear- 
ance for the remainder uv the evenin'." 



230 FRAY DEVtLO. 

"And is that all, Uncle Jud ?" 

"Mighty nigh all that I remember. Things got 
confused after that, and didn't stick in my mind good. 
The gearPs sweetheart come in and caught her 
ondresst, and thar was the prettiest shriekin' and 
dartin' behind the bed curtains that you most ever 
heard. The Marquis that made love to the English 
lady turned out to be old Devilo himself, and they 
shot him at last, which was a pity, for he was a nice 
man and full uv grit. But the grand finally was 
what took me. All sorts uv people in all sorts uy 
dresses come pom*in' in from the alcoves, cuddies 
and openins uv the stage, and begun squallin' to- 
gether while the musicians laid back and played for 
dear life. All the universe wallowed in music — the 
stars and heavenly bodies jest swum in it. When 
they had put on all the steam they had, they put on 
a leetle mo', and away the tune darted up like a bal- 
loon, and whar the band could foUer it no longer a 
little pestle-tail fifle snatcht it up and carried it clean 
over the moon. Then the band jined in onct mo', 
and away they went — ten times wuss than ever. 
Fact is both singers and players had lost thar minds 
and couldn't stop; sted uv they havin' holt uv the 
music, thee music had holt uv them, and carried 'em 
off like a hurricane. That couldn't go on forever ; 
things had to come to a eend some way ; but how, 
nobody knowed. At last, I watched 'em good, and 
seen the whole thing; the man with the big fiddle 
sawed and sawed. He sawed till he sawed a hole in 
the stomach uv his instrument, and fell inside uv it. 



FRAY DBVILO. 231 

He disappeared. Then the little fiddlers, wliich thar 
bows had been goin' like greased lightnin' for nigh 
a hour. They sawed and they sawed till they sawed 
through thar strings, sawed through thar fiddles, 
sawed thar left arms off at the elbows ; sawed both 
thar legs off and fell in a heap in the fiddle pen. 
They disappeared. The man with the trumbone 
shot out his arm out too far, and knocked one of the 
time-beaters bottom upwards, and the last I seen of 
him he was beatin' time with his heels in the a'r. 
He disappeared. The man under the gig-top beat 
too big a hole in the stage. He disappeared. The 
flutes and the fifes and the clarinets all uv 'em broke 
smack in two, and them that played on 'em they dis- 
appeared. The man that played on the double- 
drums plunged his arms in up to his armpits, with a 
sound uv universal thunder, turned a double sum- 
merset, and I seen him no mo.' This left nobody in 
the orkester except the man with the offclyde, but 
he made sich a racket you didn't mind the rest. He 
stuck to his ingiiie like grim death, and blowed into 
her shoulder-blades till the earth fairly quoke. The 
top of his head got redder and redder, and the veins 
swelled till they looked like a pill uv tishin' wurrums. 
Then the wurrums they wriggled and twisted till 
they began to smoke, and the next thing his entire 
big old bald head broke into a light blaze, the round 
teetotal world took fire and I drapt in a swound." 
" Did the theatre burn up ?" 
" I dunno. I reckon so." 
'*And what become of the little boy ?" 



232 FRAY DEVILO. 

" I jedge he upt and died right thar and then, befo' 
the fire took him. Anyhow I hope so. Plants like 
him is too tender to be seein' sich scenes as we seen 
that night when Lousia ondressed. But to my mind 
Fray Devilo is the moralest play that ever was 
played. Its a solemn warnin to young women, not 
to primp befo' the lookin'-glass and waste time ad- 
mirin' uv themselves, when retirin' for the night, but 
to be sure to shet their shetters good, say their 
prayers, and go to bed in the dark." 

With that Uncle Jud mounted his milk and cider 
filly, and went off singing : 

On yonder rock reclining, 
A fierce and somethin' nother form behold, 
T-r-e-m-biiU I dejum turn toodle de doo, 
Devil oh ! Devil oh ! 



THE UNION. 

By T. Gabb Lyle, op Fabmville, Va. 



ALL men of all colors, even the verdantest of 
men, not to speak of Able Editors and con- 
sistent Democrats leashed to the Enquirer^ mindful 
or unmindful of certain Four Memorable Years not 
long past, cry now for the Union. "Get we into 
That, all will be well, most well — no pain, no com- 
plaining, no debts, and generally Big Businesses on 
€very side. Greenbacks in gross and exceeding joy to 
great and small — that being Heaven very mainly. 
Keep we out of That, all is Hell in two volumes, 
printed in Black letter, bound in Bluest Federal Calf, 
and smelling loudly these saddest of Devil's Days ; in 
sooth, the very blackness of darkness, a moneyless 
and damnable blank Void, without one Paying News- 
paper or other Big Business of any kind to ease the 
Soul of man from continuous inward gnashing rage 
against the Gods, and wide, all-involving Megrims." 
Alas ! my friends, I perceive that you do not at all 
apprehend, but do greatly and altogether misappre- 
hend Heaven, wherein, I take it, but one big business is 
done, and that not of a sort to delectate Able or Unable 
Editors very much, — said Big, and in truth Biggest 
kind of Business being, as I note, the Receiving and 



234: THE UNION. 

Forwarding of Sinners into Hell ; and that not by Rail- 
way either, to the glory of celestial Mahones and the^ 
profit of heavenly Stockholders drawing Divine Divi-^ 
dends; nor by commonest, creaking Tumbril Cart,, 
needing tar, whereby some Cuffee and lazy Nigger 
God of these nether times might be benefited; but 
by process most swift, summary and inexpensive — 
by the inward self -subsidence of tlie Damned Soul to 
its proper diabolical Pit-level. 

A Fact, my friends — a bald, blaze-faced, undeniable, 
frightful Fact, this subsidence — to one and several of 
us full of shuddering significance during these days 
of mad, scrambling, hurry-scurry and wild Tarn 
O'Shanter racing after mere Wealth, all the Devils 
along, Honor thrown to the winds, and Zeus Pater 
Himself entirely distanced, lumbering in knock- 
kneed impotency far in the dusty rear. 

Halte la ! Stop, I say ; or, if it be permitted in 
these Barbaric Southern out-lying wastes to use the 
precious American vernacular, " Hold on!" I cry; 
though what there may be to hold by is by no means 
sufficiently clear. Yet stay, and allow the Almighty 
to catch up, or it will be the worse for you, each 
and every one of you, black and white, doing or un- 
doing Business of any kind. North or South. 

"Union?" Alas! my friends, there is no Union 
now, nor henceforth possible in any wise. Nay,. 
there has been no true Union these five and thirty 
years syne. Meseeras, if memory serve me rightly^ 
there was aforetime a Union, more or less untrue,, 
(the simulacrum and vain shadow of vital heart-co- 



THE UNION. 235* 

hesion), whereby the Peoples of these discordant,, 
non-agreeing Sections were bound, if not by the- 
Divine-wrought ligaments of Love one towards- 
another, yet by the poor. Devil-allowed bond of 
common Justice between man Southern and man 
Northern; yea! by a certain not yet lapsed and 
wholly lost Sense of Right — the florid plethoric 
Yankee Meura (by dint of Democratic courtesy and 
love of office) yielding some pleasant Pretence of 
Power to the hot, cachetic Southern Tuura^ growing, 
daily more attenuate and moribund by Commercial 
Cuttle-fish Suction ; there was, I say, such Union, or 
rather ill-disguised Disunion, in times not long past;, 
and that, my much self-deceived friends, was not 
Heaven, but a long ways thence. 

For in those days — call tliem Halcyon, if you will 
— men died even as now, and there were pains — 
sharp, lancinating pangs indeed — of Flesh and Spirit;, 
things grievous to be borne, from Conscience-smiting 
down to the Law's delay, the insolence of office (chief est 
that of puffy Cashiers and Paying Tellers), and even 
the far from inconsiderable tortures of Indigestion 
and headaches incurable. Wealth, with elevated 
nose, strutting your main Thoroughfares, or, with 
wide-spraddling feet and fat thum in ample Vest,, 
frowning magnificently from his palatial Portico. 
Respectables in lofty stick-backed Gigs, darting 
through the land, their swift spokes scarce visible,, 
and their eminent Selves barely discernible, through 
their choking Dust clouds. You, with hand on 
mouth, plodding the Via Dolorosa of life, cursing. 



•236 THE UNION. 

your hard lot, and in no case discerning the " bless- 
ings of the Union." Cane-growing, Ootton-planting, 
Kice-raising, Tobacco-selling, wholesale owners of 
Slaves, lording it at Watering Places and Sea-sides. 
Opulent Lawyers and Doctors, Rich Merchants, Dis- 
tinguished Politicians, yea. Eminent Divines, moving 
in august procession past and far beyond You — ^in 
truth, quite unconscious of You, albeit you too were 
then an Enfranchised Man and Citizen of the " Best 
{Siccine) Government the World Ever Saw !" Misbe- 
having Negroes, False Friends, Protested Notes, Dis- 
honest partners. Lazy Clerks, Worthless Sons, Dis- 
obedient Daughters, Falling Markets, Underselling 
Competitors, Badly fitting Clothes, Short cash Ac- 
counts, Unsalable Goods, Toothache, Doctors' and 
Butchers' Bills, Wet Weather, Sour Bread, Shooting 
Corms, Pew Rent, Bilious Colic, Dull Preaching, 
Nightmares, Lying Debtors and Crying Creditors, — 
did not one and all of these, with ten thousand other 
such aches and Mind-wearing Ailments, exist and bite 
and gnaw like phagedenic ulcers of the Soul in the 
very midst and centre of the much- vaunted " glorious 
Union ?" Yea, truly. 

Yet, for coward easement of present trouble, ye 
are fain to get back to that Union, and even call it 
Heaven. Be it so, then ; but I tell you. Fools, not 
6ven that meagre Sham-Heaven, or any other, is in 
store for the like of you. Heaven for ye ! What is 
it ? Mere Belly-timber, back rations, tailors' clothes, 
Featherbedism, fire-made, water-brought, and boots 
<duly emblackened by the humble, faithful Morning 



THE UNION. 23T 

Negro — ^bodily comfort, in sooth, and no Work done^ 
Whereas I read Man's true and only Heaven in this 
Life (what it may be in that so-dreadful other Life 
matters not) is manful Doing and Enduring of What- 
soever hatefulest or unhateful Thing-To-Be-Done the 
powers Celestial or Infernal may impose. Aye I en- 
during^ with brave, smiling, hopeful front to the 
Sun — visible sign of the Father of Light and Warmth,, 
of Intelligence and Love — without one Waste moment 
in Kitten-piHing and frozen-puppy whining over the 
Dead Past, with its Egyptian Flesh-pots, Balances in 
Bank, and World-Respectability all ashine with Stick- 
Gig Varnish thrice-coated. 

As for that political " Union of the Fathers " (In- 
fidel-Democrat Thomas Jefferson being one), which 
the newspaper gongs and tom-toms of Yankee diddle- 
daddle-doodle-dum uphold with such shattering clan- 
gour of beaten brass as Tophet itself ne'er heard — as 
to that Union and the possibility (remotest, if any) 
of restoring the same, consider, I pray you, that not 
one of God's Holy Laws but is daily, not broken 
merely, but openly set at naught and Spit upon. How,, 
then, fares Man's Compact with his Fellow-man, 
though deftly written on strongest parchment; and 
what fate betides your gossamer-fine Checks and Bal- 
ances, your Tripartite Executive, Legislative and 
Judiciary — ^your trusted Governmental Tripod — say,, 
rather, three-legged Fool's-stool, with two legs broken 
already ? Consider, too, what every Pathologist will 
teach but no Statesman will learn, that the broken os 
femur or os tibia^ or even the incised wound, (were 



^38 THE UNION. 

it but the Slitting of a Schoolboy's thumb-nail with 
Horse-cake cutting Dog-knife,) may indeed unite 
again, but never as before, and neither the fractured 
limb nor incised skin regains in all time its primor- 
dial strength. 

What think you, then, of the comminuted bone of 
Union knitting together again by dint of bayonet ! 
Hough needles these, but strong ! Will they hold ? 
Methinks so. How long ? No answer. 

Consider, above all, the nature of Hlite — rankest 
^eed that grows in this our human Adam-earth, — 
sending its damned tap-roots far down into the 
abysses of the Soul, and interlocking them there, so 
that Divine Power itself can scarce undo them; 
Death's Scythe, perchance, failing to do the work, and 
the baneful Upas-plant flourishing, we know not how, 
beyond the grave ! Love, too oft, is but a shallow- 
rooted thing, shooting its tender fibrils along the sur- 
iace-soil, and easily uptorn by man's hand, or rude 
winds even. Not so with Hate. Once implanted in 
Man's nature and moistened with tears and blood, 
{the fructifying showers of War Civil, War Sectional, 
or War International,) it becomes part of Man^s being, 
and re-appears, lush and green and strong, genera- 
tion after generation. Not for nothing is this Devil- 
50wn, Hades-nurtured plant permitted by the All- 
Powerful to grow in Man's heart. For it comes 
there not by Accident, and it remains by Design. 
Union has its uses — Disunion its. The mystical, un- 
<5omprehended force of Electricity attracts, but it also 
Hepels. Repulsion is part of its nature, to divorce 



THE UNION. 239 

^hich were to destroy the Attraction likewise, and 
thus end its very existence. Life — all physical life — 
is electrical, and has its pole of Love and its pole of 
Hate. It was made so by its Maker. 

Kennions there have been — as the Scot and Sas^- 
nach, Ked Eose and White Kose, Guelph and Ghi- 
belline — exceptions truly the one against the many, 
and in Lands too narrow to be well or easily divided. 
But the French and English, English and Irish, 
Uuss and Pole, Austrian and Italian, Spaniard and 
Erench — when we recall these century-lasting Ha- 
treds, causeless often (save that silly Kings chose to 
originate them), causeless, yet hopelessly immedica- 
l)le ; and when we bethink us how the very Babes of 
our day are lapping Hate with their mother's milk, 
the prospect of any true Reunion of icy Yank and 
£ery Reb is, I trow, most feeble — shadowy, slimy, 
and phantasmal. 

In verity, the issue of such non-desirable, and in- 
deed impossible Reunion can be but scalding steam — 
many-volumed, centrifugal, tending outward, quick 
<3ombustion, at length inevitable explosion and hid- 
•eous ruin. 

No, my friends, the War was a Hell-birth, and its 
termination can be but death — death to all hope of 
Union. Empire there may be, Kingdoms possibly. 
Presidential Centralisms, Temporary Congressional 
Despotisms, Bondholders' Oligarchies, and in the end 
Fragmentary Confederacies, Associations, Pacts, 
Yereins^ What-nots — but no "Union." 

Much water will run by, many Radicals will go to 



240 THE UNION. 

their place, the hapless Nigger and his Coon-dog will 
vanish into utmost Space, and peradventure a maiden 
School-ma'am be found in Massachusetts; but the 
Union we shall see, with fleshly eye — never again; 
n^ver, never, never ! 



WHAT I DID WITH MY FIFTY 

MILLIONS. 

By Mozis Addums. 

Edited from the Posthumous MS. by GiESAB Maubice, Esq., of 

the Richmond (^Va,) Whig, 

For Virginians only. 



[This pcyculiar production of Dr. Bagby made its first appear- 
ance in the columns of the Richmond Whig in 1872. In 1874 it 
was published in book form by Messrs. J. B. Lippincott & Co., 
Philadelphia, and had an extensive sale. The names so freely 
introduced were of real and living persons, the friends and as- 
sociates of the author, none of whom, so far as is known, took 
offence at the liberty, but instead united in the general merri- 
ment at the comical situations in which they found themselves 
placed. The dimensions of the present volume do not admit of 
the full reproduction of the story, if story it may be called, and 
the compilers, reluctantly yielding to necessity, have stricken out 
more than half of it, covering the period when Mr. Addums was 
most busiiy engaged in the work of disposing of his vast fortune. 
The chapters here given constitute the opening and closing ones 
of the remarkable narrative. ] 



Preface by the Editor. 

It seems that the old man ('^ Mozis '^)* did really believe that 
he possessed an enormous sum of money — the internal evidence 

• "Moada Addums," whose "Letters to Billy Twins," published in the 
Souihem Literary Messenger many years ago, produced such an excitement 
in Virginia and throughout the South. Late in life, when Fifty Millions was 
written, he had learned to si^ell his name correctly and to write not very bad 
English. 



242 WHAT I DID WITH 

leaves no doubt whatever on this point — and he must have passed 
many sleepless nights in imagining what he did with it He 
seems, too, to have labored under the additional delusion that he 
had been for a very long time ** cooped up/* as he expresses it, 
in editorial sanctums and libraries, whereas it is well-known that 
his actual business was that of a hoop-pole splitter in the barrel 
factory of the Columbian Mills. But this confinement appears to 
have disagreed with him, and may have led to the mental torsion 
that gave birth to the strange production now published. Hence 
the passionate outburst of affection for his foster-mother, Nature, 
which would be almost ludicrous did we not remember how the 
simple old soul must have pined for the free life in the woods, to 
which, as a mauler of rails for Col. Hubard, of Buckingham, he 
had been accustomed from his very boyhood. 

The date **1890" in the first foot-note indicates that the 
article, written at some uncertain period, W8s afterwards revised 
and annotated at intervals, as the old man^s strength enabled him 
to indulge in literary occupations — probably after nightfall, his 
only leisure time. His precise age has always been a matter of 
conjecture, but had he lived till 1890 he would have been not less 
than one hundred and eleven years old. The records of the old 
Masonic Lodge at Curdsville prove this. 

Due allowance must be made for the discrepancies in the an- 
notated dates, for the interpolations of various kinds, and for the 
garrulity incident to age. These and the doting fondness of the 
old man for the Virginia customs, which he fancied he had placed 
upon everlasting foundations, with the further fact that after 
much reflection he could not prevail upon himself to spend any 
of his money outside of his native State, may well excuse his 
wild fancies and incoherences. And our readers no doubt will 
the more readily condone his faults in view of the fact that, in 
his prime, the well-meaning creature gave them many a hearty 
laugh which they have not yet forgotten. O. M. 

Whig Office, Richmond, Va. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 243 



FIKST INSTALLMENT. 

Where the Money came from. — First Effect of Eiches. — Yearn- 
ing for Ashcake and Buttermilk. — Overwhelming Sense of 
Poverty. — Misery and Wrath. — A Morning Walk. — Accident — 
Calvin Jones and Tom Eirkpatrick. 

FOR twenty years at least I had been in the habit 
of putting myself to sleep by imagining what 
I would do with the precise sum of fifty millions of 
dollars. An excellent hypnotic I found it, with no 
morphine or chloral after-effects. It may have un- 
fitted me for the hard grind of actual life, but no 
matter now. When it came I was as tranquil as a 
May morning. The fact is, the transfer was not 
completed until the close of the month of May, 1876. 
Negotiations, etc., had been going on for months be- 
forehand, and it has always been a matter of inor- 
dinate pride to me that I attended to my regular 
duties, and kept the whole thing a profound secret 
from my family, friends, and, indeed, everybody in 
America — the money having come from Hindostan. 
It required a deal of innocent lying to do this, but 
secrecy was indispensable to the surprises I medi- 
tated; and a surprise, you know, is the very cream 
of the delight as well of giving as receiving. 

One of the bankers, a Calcutta man, if I remem- 
ber rightly, had the good sense, on taking leave, to 
put into my hands a small box filled with gold pieces. 
80 that I might feel my wealth right away, and have 
no doubts about it. The party left on the nine o'clock 



244 WHAT I DID WITH 

Fredericksburg train, and, after bidding them good- 
by at the hotel, I put a handful of money in my 
pocket, and walked out to get a little fresh air. My 
wife always interprets this to mean a glass of beer, 
but she was mistaken in this instance. Besides, she 
was up the country at the time. 

I went straight to Gerot's, ordered a nice little 
supper to be sent to a room up stairs which I had 
engaged for the night, and with the supper a bottle 
of his best champagne, a bundle of his finest cigars 
(I found I did not want a whole box), a quire of 
foolscap, pens and ink. Then I walked down to the 
telegraph office. 

On the way a number of acquaintances greeted 
me, and I wondered to myself whether the tone of 
their voices (they were not uncourteous at all) would 
have been different if they had known how much 
money I was worth. A few months later my wonder 
was quieted. 

The reason I went to the telegraph office was this : 
Years and years before, my friend, Calvin D. Jones, 
had said to me — 

" If I should ever become suddenly very rich, do 
you know what I would do ?" 

" No," I replied. 

" I should run as hard as I could stave, and give 
away every dollar I could persuade myself to give ; 
for if I stopped one second to think about it I should 
never give one cent." 

By that I knew that Jones was a man of intellect. 

He then lived in Kome, Georgia, and was drug- 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 245 

ging people there. I telegraphed to him to draw on 
me for expenses, and meet me as early as possible in 
Lynchburg. 

That done, I retm-ned to Gerot's. 

My supper, as nice a one as heart could wish, was 
all ready for me in my room. How often and over 
again my appetite has been whetted for that identi- 
cal supper I and now there it was before me, the gold 
in my pocket, the wine, the cigars, paper and pens, 
all as I had imagined a thousand times. 

And what think you was the result ? 

A loss of appetite ? 

Not that exactly, but an intense honing for ash- 
cake and buttermilk. 

Gerot had neither, and it was too late to get them 
elsewhere; so I drank a glass or two of wine, and 
addressed myself to the task of writing out minute- 
ly what I intended to do with my money. The plan 
was in my head, complete and clear, and, once writ- 
ten down, my purpose was to carry it out to the letter. 

I had not finished the first page before I stopped 
suddenly, threw down the pen, and groaned aloud 
in such anguish of spirit as I had never felt before ; 
for never before had I felt so crushing a sense of 
poverty. 

"My God!" I cried, "what can a man do with a 
miserable pittance of fifty millions ? I want to give 
Virginia a perfect system of county roads, so that 
one may get off at a station and go to the nearest 
country house without breaking his neck, and it 
would take five hundred millions to do that. Then 



246 WHAT I DID WITH 

there is the Capitol — to fix that and its siirrounding& 
as I would like to have them fixed would consume 
the last dollar in my possession. Bah !" 

That bah ! was intoned more like an oath than an 
introit. I rose and paced the room for an hour or 
more in mingled rage and misery. Then I drank 
the rest of the wine (it would not keep, in fact, wa& 
flat already), put a cigar in my pocket ("maybe 
Gerot will take the others back — a pipe is plenty 
good enough for me, — suits my weak digestion"*), 
and walked out. 

Day was just faintly dawning. 

Putting a chew of tobacco in my mouth, and sav- 
ing my cigar for after breakfast, I strode furiously 
up the tow-path of the canal, exclaiming aloud as I 
went along — 

"I must be rich ! I will be rich! I will pinch 
and screw, and save and shave, and skin until I get 
some money. I will go into Wall Street, join a rail- 
road ring, get elected to Congress— do anything to 
make a fortune. I will invest, I will buy town-lots 
in Manchester — I rn.ust make money. I want a 
hundred million, two hundred million, as much a& 
Astor, Vanderbilt and Stewart combined, and / will 
have it. Yes, a thousand, two thousand millions of 
dollars. I will flood the South with money. Set 
every industry humming, restock every plantation, 
buy up every negro legislature, buy Congress, buy 
Grant bodily ; my people shall not, no, by the gods t 
they shall not suffer any longer." 

* He refused positively to do it — 1890. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 247 

A thought struck me like a blow from a catapult. 

" Suppose you do all this, and in Persia and India 
tens of thousands are perishing from starvation. The 
world is too big for you. You cannot be God." 

Miserable, yea, the miserablest of living men, I 
bowed myself down where I stood, and actually 
wept with wrath and mortification. 

Just then a sweet breeze sprang up ; the waves be- 
gan to clap their hands, the song of the river, which 
I had not heard before, mingled with the soft tones 
of the wind and orisons of the birds ; the heavens 
above me flushed with the love-light of expectation 
at the sun's coming, and aloft and alow and around 
was the ineffable loveliness and peace of morning in 
its prime. Suddenly there came from thicket, or 
copse, or the distant forest, I could not tell where, 
a " wood-note wild " of some bird I had ^not heard 
for half a century nearly, and in an instant the 
beauty, the mystery, the holiness of nature came 
back to me, just as it came in childhood when some- 
times my playmates left me alone in the great or- 
chard of my home in Cumberland. 

From cursing and moaning I fell to adoring. My 
soul, full of gratitude, could find only the simplest 
expression. 

" Thank God ! I can do some good ; and I will." 

My short but deep thanksgiving ended ; I gave 
myself up wholly to the dewy beauty and freshness 
around me, and cried out, in rapture — 

" Oh ! my mother, my mother, my mother ! my 
foster-mother! the only mother I ever knew! all 



248 WHAT I DID WITH 

these long, long years have I been cooped up in 
sanctums, in libraries, in all sorts of dens of houses, 
pining for you, with your bright face in full view 
across the water or over the hill yonder, but no 
chance to come to you except for a moment only. 
And now, now^ O Father of earth, I can come back 
to you — that is one blessedness of riches. Back, 
never, never, never more to be parted from you till, 
sinner that I am, I go to heaven." 

I trust there is no good business-man within the 
reading of my print who will not say with consider- 
able emphasis that I made a sufficient sentimental ass 
of myself. At any rate, from that hour I have never 
had any further trouble with myself, never desired 
to be inordinately rich, but have been perfectly con- 
tent to struggle on with my pitiful fifty millions and 
do the best I could. 

It being now broad daylight, I turned homewards, 
and, as I did so, my thoughts took another turn. 

"Moses, old fellow," said I to myself, "you and I 
are going to have a good time. The way we are 
going to find some pretty stream in the depths of the 
woods, and spend the livelong day by its side enjoy- 
ing the clear, running water (just as we did in 
Princeton at Stony Brook, before we ever dreamed 
of the protoxide of hydrogen), and the blue heavens 
shining tlirough the tall tree-tops, before Old Proba- 
bilities, drot him ! was born, and we ever knew any- 
thing or cared anything about atmospheric waves, 
the nebula hypothesis, or any such foolishness, is tlie 
way. Won't we consecrate the day, yea, many days, 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 249 

•every recurring season, to the worship of nature, just 
as you and I and William Christian^ used to do ever 
;80 many years ago in Lynchburg? I just tell you, 
my son, we are going to have the finest, the tip-top- 
pest-A-Number-Onest kind of a time. Why, sir, 
i\re'll " 

In a trance of delight at the pleasure in store for 
me, I had wandered several feet below the level of 
the tow-path. An enormous black bolide, as it 
seemed to me, fell upon me from the skies, and con- 
sciousness left me. 

When I came to myself I was lying on the deck of 
a freight-boat, receiving such attention as the igno- 
rant captain could give. The bolide proved to be 
only a mule, which had broken a rotten tow-line and 
tumbled down the canal-bank, stunning me as he 
passed. A fracture of the shoulder-blade and a few 
severe bruises were soon patched up by Dr. Cole- 
man after my return to the city, so that I took the 
ten-o'clock train on the Danville road as if nothing 
had happened. 

Jones came promptly to Lynchburg, and refused 
flatly to believe in my fifty millions, but being con- 
vinced, mounted a horse and proceeded day after day 
to scour the country around the town, to the bewil- 
derment of tlie citizens. Such was his zest, and so 
heartily did he enter into my plans, that he kept me 
up every night till one or two o'clock, suggesting, 
altering, and greatly improving the hints I had origi- 

* A friend of mine. His middle name was Henry Brown, but 
he dropped the Brown 1884. 



250 WHAT I DID WITH 

nally given him. During the dajtirae I had a trying 
experience. Forced to keep qniet, while the monejr 
burned in my pocket, I was dreadfully bored.* 

At length Jones came back one night in triumph — 
he had found, not what he wanted exactly, but the 
best that could be had. 

" I can fix all the rest," said he, after having given 
me a minute account of the topography. 

Tom Kirkpatrickt was called in the very next 
morning, the lawyer's part of the business intrusted 
to him, and having furnished these friends of my 
early manhood with work that would occupy them a 
long time (Jones particularly), and pay them well, I 
hurried back to Richmond. Ad. Williams and J. L. 
AppersonJ laughed in my face at first, but in due 
time they became convinced, as Jones had been, and 
promised me to make the necessary purchases as 
adroitly and cheaply as under the circumstances was 
possible. And they were as good as their word. 
They did their duty quickly — that is to say, within a 
few months, and at much less cost than I had counted 
upon. I had to be economical, and I will say here 
that few if any of my agents ever pleased me more 
than Williams and Apperson. 

It was half a year before Jones and Kirkpatrick 
completed their work, a peculiar obstacle interven- 

* Dr. Early pulled out my last tooth at this time, and tbe new- 
set made me miserable in spite of my money. 

t Afterwards President of the Court of Appeals. 

X Well known real estate men in Bichmond fifty years ago.. 
Very correct in their dealings. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 251 

ing.* Six months of torture mingled with pleasure- 
(knowing what was to come) to me. My family and 
friends upbraided me for my long-continued idleness-, 
while everybody wondered how I made buckle and 
tongue meet. I did it, though, and am proud I did 
not overdo the thing. Money was a little, very lit- 
tle, bit more plentiful at my house, and my wife, sat- 
isfied that I did not gamble,t convinced herself that 
I had drawn a prize in the Louisville Library Lot- 
tery. She had a notion, too, that I had found a gold 
mine. [A great calamity to a Buckingham man.] 
What else could make me spend whole days by my 
lone self in the woods ? She was certain of it. 



SECOND INSTALLMENT. 

The Gat out of the Bag— How People Behaved — Park and Eeser* 
voir for Lynchburg — Alarming Increase of Destitation — W. E, 
Binford and the Widow Bexley — How to Help, Whom to Help,, 
and When — Bush of Editors, Photographers, etc. — "Sky Sur- 
prises.*' 

BUT you should have seen her face that bright 
day (the brightest of my life, I sometimes 
think), when I broke the news of my good fortune 
to her, and proved it l)y incontestable vouchers. It 
was worth fifty-one millions of dollars, at the very 
least — that face was. 

•Everybody, even the coimtry people, were alarmed lest the 
Old Market house should be disturbed. 

t It is true I used to play teetotum for June apples when a boy,, 
bat that oughtn^t to count. 



252 WHAT I DID WITH 

The next day I was back in Lynchburg. 

There is a pea-green edifice on Court street, oppo- 
site the court-house. I went there first. There is a 
smaller edifice a little way down the hill, behind the 
pea-green house. I went tliere next. There is a 
brick house near the reservoir, and about a square 
from West street. I went there, smiling openly [W. 
R. M. and self got arrested there one night for sere- 
nading a tree-box], as I slowly walked along the wall 
of the reservoir. Then I went to a house on Federal 
Hill, which has a large garden attached to it. And 
then I went up to Liberty. 

What happened in consequence of these visits is, 
so far as I am aware, none of your business; but if I 
had given my friends in Lynchburg and at Avenel 
the whole world, I would have done for them no 
more than they deserved. To them I owed many — 
a great many — of the happiest hours of my life. 
"Owed," did I say ? There was no debt, no sense of 
obligation, on my part; nothing of the kind. I would 
have been a dog, the biggest and most villainous of 
dogs, if I had not gone straight to them. I simply 
•could not have been happy if they had not shared 
largely of my happiness. 

But the cat was out of the bag. 

Everybody knew (it ran like lightning over the 
whole State and to the very ends of the earth, I be- 
lieve) that Moses was what they called " immensely 
rich," and that he intended Lynchburg should have 
a magnificent park and a reservoir, the like of which 
had not been seen since the days of the Eomans, nor 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 253 

even then. Other things, it was whispered, were to 
come. 

I wish very much I could say that the change in 
my circumstances produced no change in myself, or 
in others. But it was not so. Success had never 
greatly elated me or made me conceited, nor did it 
now. But one of the annoyances of pecuniary suc- 
cess is that it parts one from his friends, and this 
from no fault of either the rich or the poor man.. 
The former cannot make his friend as rich as him- 
self, while the latter, if a man of spirit, is not content 
to be on unequal terms with any one, even in the 
matter of money. AflBliation of rich with rich, and 
poor with poor, is inevitable. So it would have been 
with me, had I not been too old to form intimacies 
of any kind, save with women-folks, to whom I had 
belonged for many years, and continued to belong. 
But men of wealth, gravitating towards me naturally,, 
became my associates to such an extent that one day 
I suddenly waked up to the fact that those who had 
not succeeded, had no money nor the art of making 
it, no longer interested me. How often I had de- 
cried this, and sneered at it in some of my acquaint- 
ances whp had gone ahead of me ! And now I caught 
myself saying testily of this or that man who had 
once been tolerably dear to me, " He is down on his 
luck." As if it were the man's fault, when I knew 
he was doing his utmost to rise. But such know- 
ledge does not better the matter nor soften the heart* 
For the innate weakness of not being able to get 
along in the world there is no remedy ; it is the least 



354 WHAT I DID WITH 

xjurable of diseases. Pity for the weakling is of no 
avail. All of this is very natural. The traveller 
ascending a river in a powerful steamer cannot long 
concern himself about the poor creature who is drift- 
ing downward in a canoe, and is soon lost to sight. 
Sympathy for him is a waste of energy, which had 
better be preserved until it can do some good. 

This, I believe, is the ordinary course of reasoning 
in the minds of men who rise above their fellows, 
iind fancy they are the engine in the steamboat, and 
not the cwt, and a half of humanity on the deck. It 
was in my own case, despite the fact that my money 
bad come to me as it were out of heaven. And 
whence comes every good and perfect gift but from 
heaven ? 

You made your money, you say. But, my friend, 
who made yon ? 

I am persuaded that there will bo plenty of con- 
ceit in this world, pride of riches, of talent, station, 
what not, so long as the delusion about free-will * 
lasts. But what has that to do with my fifty mil- 
lions ? Find out, if you can, my friend. 

A very few experiments satisfied me that there 
was scarcely one of the "poor devils who could not 
get along in the world " who did not crawl, and that 
quite rapidly in some instances, where the propey 
remedy was applied, when help was given in time, 
and thoughtfully.^ [I am more doubtful about help- 
ing than I was ten years ago — 1892.] 

* Jimber-jawed men wiU never concede this. 

t The habit is to help only when men are at the last gasp. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 255 

» 

" Fortunately, it was in your power to render just 
ithat kind of aid." 

Yes, I am aware of the fact. I am also aware of 
the fact that there never was a thoughtful rich man 
before my time. 

The change in other people towards myself was at 
first not what I had anticipated ; nor did I ever re- 
X5eive the worship [I sometimes regret this] which 
some of my readers may suppose I received. Here 
and there turned up a wretch who would have eaten 
«ny shoes if I had permitted him ; now and then a 
great man, failing, clutched at me with a desperation 
that excited my profound pity; sometimes I was 
amused, and sometimes disgusted, at the obsequious 
fawning of certain parties, whose names I am 
tempted to mention; but in the main people were 
manly enough, and soon gave me to know that in 
their eyes I was no better than I had been before. 

Nevertheless, it is very certain that I became in 
no time a most respectable person, and received a 
deal of attention. The courtesv of life-insurance 
and sewing-machine agents was marked. Circulars 
of ever description made waste-paper a drug in my 
house. Editors kindly chronicled my every move- 
ment. Photographers seemed to have a high opinion 
of my face. Biographies of Addums became the 
order of the day. Mr. Smyth haunted me, and my 
likeness appeared in Frank Ledie within a week 
after my wealth was heralded to the world. Bank 
presidents sometimes bowed to me. Mr. Z., of the 
Big Concern, suddenly ceased to forget that he had 



256 WHAT I DID WITH 

been repeatedly introduced to me ; and it was inti-^ 
mated to me that an article from my pen would be 
acceptable to any country paper in Virginia. 

Opportunities to invest, to take stock, to go into 
partnership, and to promote the most meritorious 
business enterprises, were frequent. A hint about 
starting a literary paper in Richmond was boldly 
thrown at me. I neither invested nor took stock,, 
my money being already well placed, so as to yield 
me an income of four and a half millions. 

A person whom I had good reason to consider the 
most consummate [something erased here — Ed, 
^yh,ig\ , and yet a good sort of a fellow, too, who had 
professed warm friendship for me, and had a thou- 
sand opportunities to give me a lift, but deserted me 
when 1 was down, played his game with his wonted 
smartness. Meeting me on the street, he shook my 
hand, said warmly enough, but not a shade too 
warmly, '' Congratulate you, Mozis," and walked on. 
It was not in the least overdone, one way or the 
other. For weeks I did not lay eyes on him. But 
I knew my man. In due time he came, not in per- 
son, but through his agents (men he fancied had in- 
fluence with me, and flattered them by so felling 
them), with the most cunning and insidious proposi- 
tions, seemingly in my own interest, to all of which 
I replied, calmly, — 

" Tell Ben Brown I can do nothing for him now." 

But when he went down into the deepest depths,, 
then I came to him and lifted him up aa high as it 
was possible ever again to lift him. For all along: 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 257 

I had well remembered bow kind be bad been to me 
before good fortune bad hardened bim into adamant. 
Moreover, I bad long known tbat, in society as in 
tbe forest, there are beasts of prey who delight to 
lap the blood of tbe gazelles and springboks. Katber 
than give up their nuts and wine for a single day, 
these human tio-ers would crunch the bones of their 
best friends, yes, of their own fathers. It is their 
nature. They cannot help it. And yet tigers are 
very beautiful.^ 

Tbe increase of general destitution around me in 
the State, and indeed over the whole land, after I 
became rich, was something alarming. I was beset 
for charity on all sides. For this I had provided 
years before wlien putting myself to sleep with 
waking dreams of w^hat I would do with my fifty 
millions. Accordingly I selected Mr. Wm. E. Bin- 
ford [a worthy, good man, still living. A useful 
citizen, too. There are now said to be more Bin- 
fords than Smiths in Virginia — 1901] as my almoner 
for the males, and for tlie females, after patient in- 
quiry and researcb, I chose a powerful w^idow of 
Culpeper.t My selections were well made. Both 



* The older I get the more tolf ration I have for healthy rascals, 
but a sickly rogue I hate. 1879. 

+ Mrs. Elizabeth Bexlej', relict of the late Shiflett Bexley, an 
able-bodied and excellent woman. She died, much to my regret, 
in August last, and rv&s succeeded by Miss Parthenope Shanks, a 
raw-boned and athletic spinster, who I fear is using my money 
to btjy up some feeble widower for a hnsband. But this I would 
not say openly, for I Lave learned to fear all women. ISSJ). 

11—17 



258 WHAT I DID WITH 

possessed the physical strength, the natural benevo- 
lence, the equable temperament, and the discretion 
indispensable to their trying oflBces. By saving me 
a world of annoyance they earned my lasting grati- 
tude, and so well and wisely did they discharge their 
duties that they became the best-loved people in Vir- 
ginia. All minor charities were referred to them. 
Special cases, and they were not a few, I reserved for 
myself. 

[Wealth acquaints one with a world of poverty 
which otherwise would never have been known. 
Worse still, they seem to be poor who once appeared 
in easy circumstances. It is very sad. And yet I 
love to be sad. I was always sad, very sad. 1888.] 

My immediate kin, whether by blood or marriage, 
were amply provided for — perhaps too amply. Lit- 
tle or no harm befell those of mature age, but in the 
second and third generations I had much cause to 
repent my benevolence. Call it that, in the sense of 
well-wishing, because I am not benevolent otherwise. 
Some of the girls became the prey of fortune-hunt- 
ers, and not a few of the boys went heels-over-head 
to the devil. Anticipating this, I was well steeled 
against their troubles when they came, but confess 
that the repeated applications for assistance from the 
ne'er-do-weels fretted me so that I almost longed to 
regain the quietude of poverty. Yet, what could I 
do ? Upon occasion I could shut the purse-strings as 
tight as any man, but if I didn't help them their pa- 
rents or grand-parents would ; and, as I was so much 
more able to bear the burden than they were, I signed 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 259 

many a check with more of a snort than a sigh. 
Truly, "if riches increase, so do they that consume 
them," as the Psalmist saith. My bed was not all 
of roses by any means. The world went not as I 
would fain have made it go with my millions. 

That my own children did not share the fate of so 
many of their kinsfolk was due to the good sense, 
the patient watchfulness and determination of their 
excellent mother. No credit is due me, for the sim- 
ple reason that my mind was so occupied with other 
matters that household cares were left perforce to 
the dear, capable hands- which had always controlled 
them. My children were good children. When 
they reached manhood and womanhood my affairs 
had assumed such a shape, and my schemes were in 
a state of such forwardness, that I could devote my- 
self, in a great measure, to the heavenliest of de- 
lights — the doing of good where it was needed in a 
way that made it appear to come suddenly from the 
skies. In this my children and their mother aided 
me signally, each vying with the other in displaying 
tact, delicacy and wisdom. One of my grand-daugh- 
ters discovered unquestionable genius for these " sky- 
surprises," as we called them; and so extraordinary 
were her inventions, and so discreet her gifts, that I 
think it not immodest in me to say that during her 
lifetime, which was all too brief, more good was done 
in a more delighting and oftentimes enrapturing man- 
ner than in all the other years of my life put together. 



260 WHAT I DID WITH 



THIKD INSTALLMENT. 

Fits of Pride. — How Cured. — A Sneaking Heart-Devil. — The 
Pleasure of Giviag. 

FITS of pride, raore from the consciousness of 
power than the conceit of riches, attacked me 
from time to time. These I could cure with the 
greatest'ease and certainty by promptly shutting up 
my business oflBce and going out into the woods. If 
the weather were not too bitter, I would go even in 
midwinter. What comes out of the speechless trees, 
up from the bubbling waters, and down from the 
deep heaven, I cannot tell ; how the sweet influences 
of nature operate upon the vanity-swollen spirit, I 
cannot tell. But I do know, and it is all I can tell 
about it, that on my return from the forest I was no 
more humble than a tree is humble, and no more 
proud ; simple, natural, healthful, and you may add 
helpful, as a tree is helpful to give shade to the fawn 
or shelter to the birds: that I was, and that is all I 
was. Try the forest for an liour or two, my opulent 
friend. 

Something very much more crafty, creeping, and 
villainous tlian the ordinary vanity of wealth assailed 
me over and again. It was what the theologians, if 
I do not misunderstand them, call spiritual pride — 
Pharisaism. Going along the street I would have 
to haul myself short up, for while my heart would 
b« floating in a delicious warm-bath of self-love my 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 261 

heart would be saying, " You certainly are one of 
the best men that ever lived in this world!" 

I wonder, as my pen traces this very word " world," 
if my readers will believe me when I tell them that 
in my dream about riches I had foreseen and provided 
for this cunningest and vilest of all the devils that 
sneak into the human soul ? It was even so, whether 
they believe it or not. 

. " But why do you tell it but to make out that you 
are the best man in the world?" 

Partly to show that the imagination, by carefully 
going over for years and years the possibilities of a 
given situation, may realize even its most unplea- 
sant details, but more to remind you, my friend, that 
in a small way you have yourself been plagued by 
this identical devil. Own up, now. Haven't you ? 

Lest it be inferred, in spite of my disclaimer, that 
I was a "mighty good man," let me hasten to say 
that I was not one of those unpardonably excellent 
worthies who do not permit their right hand to know 
what their left hand doeth. No, indeed ! Charles 
Lamb thought that the greatest pleasure in life was 
to do good by stealth, and have it found out by ac- 
cident. Well, there is something in that, provided 
the party to whom the good is done is comparatively 
a stranger to you. But in the case of friends, I al- 
ways took care that they found out (not always by 
accident either) that I was the fellow who had done 
the good deed. Not for the world would I have 
missed the pleasure of seeing their pleasure, and of 
knowing that they knew I knew the source from 



262 WHAT I DID WITH 

which their pleasure came. I wanted to see it ia 
their eyes, and feel it come back straight and warm 
into my own eyes and heart. In a word, I wanted 
to be loved, and, above all, I wanted to be loved by 
those I loved best. That was life in its fullness ; that 
was the charm of wealth. 

To know that riches enabled my children to es- 
cape the myriad pangs that beset my own clouded 
and poverty-stricken boyhood and early manhood, 
when one is most capable of enjoying and giving 
enjoyment, was a great deal to me. But more, far 
more, was it to know that they could feel the warmth 
and briUiancy of their sunlit morning reflected back 
from the faces of those whom they had befriended 
and made even happier than themselves; that is, if 
it be true that it is better to give than to receive, 
which I much doubt, because the giver can never 
surprise himself in giving, and the " sky-surprise,'^ 
as I have already intimated, is as near as can be the 
coming down from heaven of something direct from 
God. And what can be better than that ? Don't 
think me impious if I sometimes question m^'self a& 
to how it may be with him who can never be sur- 
prised by receiving what he longed to get, but never 
dreamed he would obtain, and to whom nothing, 
literally nothing, can ever be given; since from the 
infinite wearisome beginning he hath had all things. 

I have now, I believe, finished all my twaddle 
about matters purely personal, and, after narrating- 
a few specific donations which gave me unusual 
pleasure, will proceed at once to detail those public 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 263 

benefactions which I may reasonably presume to be 
of general interest. 

"jf "jf ^ ^ ^ ^ -jf 



ELEVENTH INSTALLMENT. 

Cornelia Cathedral — Worship Purely Musical — Leo Wheat — 
Major Burr Noland. — Diseased Overmans. — Midnight New Year 
Services. — Our Saviour. — Mary Davidson.^— Elder, Fisher, and 
Sheppard. — G. Watson Jamep, etc. 

nVTO sooner had I announced my intention of 
O- 1 building my Cathedral on the southeast cor- 
ner' of Fifth and Main streets, than there was a gen- 
eral outcry, — 

"Why, man, you might as well build the house 
down at Kocketts, if you want a really appropriate 
site for it. Union Hill is the place ; that's where the 
city ought to have been built originally, anyway, 
and would have been built but for the folly of some 
old curmudgeon or other, whose name has gone into 
merited oblivion. Don't you see that the city has 
extended already a mile beyond Monroe Park ? 
There's no telling where it will go in that direction. 
Come, reconsider the matter." 

" Too late, my friends ; the purchase money has 
been paid, the deed signed and delivered. Besides, 
I know what I'm about." 

There is no more perfect specimen of Gothic ar- 
chitecture on earth than Cornelia* Cathedral. In- 

* Frances Cornelia Chaplin— the first, sweetest, dearest friend 
I had on earth. 



264 WHAT I DID WITH 

terior and exterior alike are as near perfection as it 
is in the power of human hands to make a house for 
the worship of God. It is large enough, but not too 
large ; it is dim enough, without being too dim ; the 
elevation of nave and transept lifts the soul, but does 
not crush it into insignificance, as in St. Peter's, and 
there is about the inner atmosphere a hush and a 
charm peculiar to this house. At least I fancy so. 
There is no pulpit, nor will there ever be one. No 
voice of preacher or of public prayer will ever be 
heard there. The service is wholly musical — an or- 
gan of great power and sweetness, and a choir trained 
thoroughly to render devotional music in a mafiner 
truly and uuaflFectedly devotional. As a rule the 
organ is the only instrument used, but at fit times 
and seasons everv instrument that can increase and 
intensify religious emotion is introduced. The choir 
of men, women, and boys, is paid by the year, and 
sufliciently well paid to devote their whole time to 
the service of the Cathedral. There are three ser- 
vices daily, an hour each in length, at morning, noon, 
and evening, — the matins, nones and vespers of the 
Catholics^ a little altered. In the summer the 

* The Roman Catholics are very wise. I do not wonder that 
in Europe they reconquered so much that Protestantism once 
owned, and that, under the gnixe of Ritua ism, they are gaining 
ground so rapidly in England ai d America. Their rites and ser- 
vices are based not merely upon human, but upon universal na- 
ture. Birds have not only their matins and vespers, but their 
mid-day service as well At noon, or a little thereafter, the deep 
stillness of the forest is broken by a choral service, brief, but in- 
tenseh sweet and mournful. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 265 

:matiii service occurs while it is yet cool, but in win- 
ter not until ten o'clock, after people have had their 
breakfast. Worship on an empty stomach does not 
suit civilization and dyspepsia. Nones in winter are 
at three P. M., as the bulk of the better class (six 
o'clock dinners are still the exception in Richmond,) 
are on their way to dine, and vespers at eight or 
half -past eight, after tea has been comfortably taken. 
The backs of the pews are very high — no tempta- 
tion to peep at bonnets and pretty faces being pos- 
sible — and most of them are provided with keys, so 
that the worshipper may lock himself in. All the 
pev^ for one person, of which there are a great 
number, arc under lock and key. The organ loft at 
the rear of the church, where the pulpit usually is, 
may be looked into, but a screen of bronze open- 
work hides organist* and choir from the public 
gaze. Absolute silence is demanded of every one 
who enters, and is rigidly enforced. Locked in his 
pew, the worshipper listens and adores. His soul 
goes to heaven on the wings of music. Doctrine, 
dogma, creed of any kind, vain babbling of always 
fallible interpretations of the LTninterpretable, of 
Him whose ways are past finding out, there is none 
to disturb him. "My son, give me thine heart." 
And his heart cries out, and up, and on to his Fa- 
ther, " I know not what to believe — I do not believe 
— I love. Slay me if thou wilt for my want of faith, 
'but this love, this joy beyond all words, all thoughts, 

* Mr. Leo P. Wheat, a man of genius and a master of his in- 
■strument. 



266 WHAT I DID WITH 

shall lift me into life again. I adore so much I can-^ 
not fear!" And if with streaming eyes and bent 
knees he wishes to give way to his emotion, and to 
stretch appealing handg to Him that heareth prayer 
— he is alone in his locked pew, let him do what he 
will. 

Tell me nothing about the debilitations of music. 
I know its power and I know its perversions. But, 
my good friend, subtract from religious exercises the 
element of music, and what have you left ? Only 
the intellect, argument, reason for the faith, etc. 
Ah ! that is what those wretched scientists demand,, 
and little else but that. 

One stern exaction was enforced upon the organist 
and every member of the choir, viz., that under no- 
circum/jtances whatever should there be the least ap- 
proach to trapeze-work, ground and lofty tumbling^ 
upon the key-boards, wild hullaballooing and cattle- 
stampeding along the octaves, alternations of pea- 
cock-screamings and sick-kitten sorrowings, pounding^ 
the chords in the mortar of self-conceit and fancying- 
it inspiration — in a word, no showing off, no exhi- 
bition of purely personal skill in instrumentation or 
vocalization. Immediate and hopeless loss of situa- 
tion followed every violation of this rule. To pre- 
sent the compositions really worthy to be called 
sacred of the best German^ masters, and of the 

* I like these Germans. They are a fearfully diseased people,, 
but still I like them. Their disease is an incurable honesty* 
Now, there is Mr. Lisfeldt. I regard Mr. Lisfeldt as the best 
man in the world, except Maj. Burr P. Noland. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 26T 

earlier and in some respects still better Italian school 
(Palestrina and AUegri, for example), when profound! 
faith and profound feeling went hand in hand, and 
to present them in the spirit as nearly as possible in 
which they were first delivered by the inspired com- 
posers, that was the duty of the choir, and that was- 
their whole duty. Nor were the hymns and psalms 
to which the mass of hearers had been accustomed 
from childhood by any means neglected. A stand- 
ing reward of five thousand dollars for a first-rate- 
devotional composition failed, after ten years' trials 
to produce anything worthy of the name, the com- 
mittee withholding the reward all that time, after 
which it was withdrawn. I suppose the scientific 
spirit had killed the sacred spirit [Some contradiction 
here of views before given. But between diction 
and contradiction somewhere lies the truth most 
likely], or else that mankind in general, out-evolving^ 
the musicians, got so far ahead that the latter could 
never catch up, so that even the " music of the fu- 
ture " failed to satisfy the cravings of the people of 
the present, who thereupon fell back perforce upon 
the good old music of the past. 

At first there was a large attendance of the curi- 
ous; afterwards the excellence of the music drew 
crowds of women and children, and music-lovers of 
the male sex ; but by degrees the men of business 
who contemned Cornelia Cathedral and the mode of 
its worship, dropped in on their way to or from their 
oflBces and shops to rest awhile, and "just to look,, 
you know." It was so cool within the thick stone 



268 WHAT I DID wrrH 

walk in summer and so comfortable in winter. Tlien 
the high vaulted roof — yes, the whole interior was 
so beautiful, and the solemn stillness so refreshing 
after the bustle and worry of work, after the dirty, 
soul-dirtying work of making money. And ere long 
these men of business contrived to get to the Cathe- 
dral in time to hear a little music. Bashful enough 
in the beginning, ashamed indeed to be caught, they 
slipped in shyly ; but a year had not passed before 
they went in boldly, in couples often, and in groups. 
They found it to be a good thing to go down town 
with some motet, fugue, or anthem warming their 
hearts, or to return home after a voiceless prayer in 
the Cathedral. 

My point was gained. My object in building so 
low down in the city and so close to its business 
haunts was fully explained, and, in the eyes of all 
but the bigots, justified. 

The Cathedral was never closed day or night the 
whole year round. It was not a refuge, though, for 
vagrants and tramps, or for fashionable loungers of 
either sex. The tramps were kindly turned away 
to some place where needed assistance could be had ; 
the fops and their giggling females were simply not 
admitted at all. The organist and his best pupils 
were permitted to play whenever the spirit moved 
them — a privilege seldom abused, but much coveted 
by the moie gifted and spiritual scholars, who de- 
sired to breathe out their deepest and most. devout 
thoughts; and so it often happened that business and 
professional men and strangers, dropping in at odd 



MY FIFPY MILLIONS. 269' 

hours, heard the best music. Far into the night, 
sometimes, the belated worker or the reveller, pass- 
ing the Cathedral, and feeling the pavement trem- 
bling under his feet, would go in and have his heart 
lifted unto God by the mighty organ, touched by the 
hand of one who could not find sleep until his in- 
spired thought had found expression. The vergers 
and watchmen told me that the men who came in 
most frequently late at night, and who appeared to 
be most moved to penitence, were journalists and 
artists recovering" from some bout at drinking. The 
overwhelming effect of the music upon their sin- 
stricken souls, when they thought no one observed 
them, was said to be affecting in the extreme. That 
a thorough reformation from their unfortunate habits 
was ever accomplished may be doubted, because the 
outward intoxication by which they occasionally 
disgrace themselves is but the reflex of that in- 
ward intoxication, more or less habitual with men 
of their temperament, which has in it something 
almost divine. I have been told, moreover, that 
drinking men never get really penitent until they get 
sick of liquor; that what appears to be remorse is 
only nausea, and tliat penitence darts away as soon 
as the tone of the stomach and nerves is restored. I 
don't think this is altogether true ; on the contrary, 
I think somewhat of the penitence lingers and abides, 
is remembered in the soberest intervals, provokes a 
shudder of horror at past sin, and many a heartfelt 
prayer against a relapse. For all that, I can readily 
believe that a man with an absolutely gin-proof 



-270 WHAT I DID WITH 

;storaach might keep on a continuous spree during 
the whole of his lifetime. 

The midnight services on the days set apart for 
4;he celebration of the birth of our Saviour* and 
the incoming of the New Year were as sublime as 
the art at my command enabled me to make them. 
If I should say that the crush on these occasions 
-equaled that at St. Peter's when the Miserere is sung 
-during Holy Week, I would be accused of exagge- 
ration ; therefore I will simply say that it was very 
.'great, and that many persons came from distant 
States, and some from over the sea, to enjoy the 
music. 1 do wish that I knew thorough bass from 
-counterpoint, etc., suflBciently well to enable me to 
describe the soul-moving harmonies of the great 
•composers as rendered by the Cornelia Cathedral 
choir. [I had laid away a newspaper scrap, in which 
the description is finely and technically done by a 



* Our Saviour ? Yes, a thousand times yes. The most be- 
sotted skeptic and scientist who counts his unbelief as righteous- 
ness (which it might be, but not too often is) must admit that 
^millions have been saved in this life by faith in the Naza- 
rene; and if in this life, in the next as well, we may be sure. 
Nevertheless, let me say boldly that I have a good deal of hope 
for honest unbelievers. Hell, I take it, is a sparsely ^settled 
-country — much like that between Hichmond and Tappahannook, 
or between Barksdale depot and Milton, N. C, in 1874. Here 
and there will be found a worldly-minded preacher sitting apart 
•on a tussock of broom -straw, feeling a little chilly and lonesome, 
thinking himself an ill-used person, and wondering where the 
devil Darwin is. But the bulk of the inhabitants is made up 
-of ingrained hypocrites, sellers of mean liquor, and the beaters 
-of wives and other dumb beasts. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 271 

•critic of the highest order, a Jewish gentleman of 
Hamburg, as I was told ; but like many other things, 
at is laid away so carefully that it might as well have 
been laid in the grave. If any one finds it after I 
•am gone he will do me a great favor by inserting it 
just here. If not found, the reader must trust to 
his imagination, or better still, go to the Cathedral 
•and hear for Iiimself.] 

In '98, or thereabouts, my granddaughter, Mary 
Davidson, was born, in the county of Rockbridge, 
and in her eighteenth year appeared as the leading 
soprano singer in our choir. She was as beautiful a 
Auroman as ever lived, fair, blue-eyed and golden- 
hatred, as pure as light itself, and sweet as charity. 
A Sabbath peace and sanctity ("the Sabbaths of 
•eternity, one Sabbath deep and wide ") seemed to have 
passed into her being at birth, and her whole life 
-was in accord with that holiness. No nun was ever 
more devoutly or wholly religious. Her piety and 
her existence were one. God was with her, in her, and 
about her ever ; she was in this world and above it in 
some supernatural way, of which every one who saw 
her became instantly conscious. Her voice was lite- 
rally the voice of a seraph — clear and sweet, but in- 
finitely more than that — so thrilling and penetrating 
that all who heard it were at once awed as by a sound 
•coming immediately from the heavens. She sang 
sacred music as it ought to be sung. She gave all 
"its meaning, all its power, all its pathos, without that 
<conBtant tremor itreW'Olo) which from Tamberlik's 
«day to the patesent has l)oen so overdone as to dis- 



272 WHAT I DID WITH 

figure and impair the effect of cliurch-rausic every- 
where. Some of her sustained notes, pure and un- 
broken as a sun-ray, went to the heart and soul with 
a force that transcends language. One felt as if 
touched by the wing of the angel of death — as if 
the other world was to be opened on the instant, and 
the whole nature and being shuddered an(i gasped to 
take in the larger life that was coming. But why 
attempt to tell about it? They who listened re- 
member and know all about it ; those who did not 
can never know. 

By unanimous request the choir screen was taken 
down, so that all might see this beautiful woman 
while she was singing the holiest music. She did 
not object. A true woman, she loved to be loved 
and admired, but no man dared ever to address her. 
Her life was far beyond and above that. For two 
years she sang twice a day, and sometimes oftener, 
at the Cathedral ; the intervals between the choir 
services were spent in good works. She it was who 
so aided me in the *' sky-surprises " heretofore al- 
luded to. She died without sickness and without 
pain, and the mightiest concourse that ever went to 
Hollywood accompanied her to her grave. Such 
passionate grief 1 never saw exhibited by a whole 
people as was exhibited then. Her tomb, by far 
the most beautiful in Hollywood, attests the love the 
people bore her. For myself, I was glad that she 
died. My own end was near, my work was drawing 
to a close, and I did not wish to be long parted from 
her. 



MY FIFrY MILLIONS. 273 

Virginia was then passing through that phase of 
folly, long before sneered out of Great Britain and 
the North, which is marked by the purchase of copies 
of so-called " old masters," wretched in conception 
and execution, and the utter neglect of works of 
merit done at home by native artists. I employed 
Elder, Fisher, and Slieppard, at twenty thousand dol- 
lars per annum each (and would have employed 
Myers at the same, had he not gone to a better 
land,) to work exclusively for me. The scenes, the 
life, public and private, of the blacks and whites of 
Virginia as it was in the dajs of slavery, at least all 
that was left of that rapidly-disappearing life, I had 
put upon canvass. Woodward painted for me a 
dozen or so of charming landscapes, but was so 
sought after by Northern publishers that I could sel- 
dom get him to work for me. In addition to the 
gem^e pictures executed for me by the artists named 
above, there were a number of historical paintings 
by the same, which I presented to the Virginia His- 
torical Society. Nearly every one of these pictures 
commanded the approval of Mr. G. Watson James,"^ 
but the critics, including myself, were not so lenient. 
I soon found that fixed work, done to order, how- 

* Art critic of the period, the only man connected with the 
Bichmond press who could be induced to take any real interest 
in the works of our Virginia artists. This bold, and, Indeed, 
desperate young man fell at the head of his command as Captain 
of Hussars in the ill-starred attack upon the imperial city. I op- 
posed the assault at the tiiue as a piece of the most consummate 
foUy ; but it was fitting that the rebellion should have ended just 
when and where it did. 

II.— 18. 



274 WHAT I DID wrrH 

ever highly paid for, trammeled the free spirit of 
art, and palsied the genius of my friends. What 
comes unprompted into their own heads and hearts, 
what is given them from the mysterious original font 
of power, — that is what artists want, and at which 
they can work best. So when my friends got 
tired, and could paint no more, I let them oflF, 
pensioned them on ten thousand dollars a year, and 
allowed them to paint exactly what they pleased. 
They did better then. And meeting them one day 
in Jake's studio, I said to them, — 



TWELFTH INSTALLMENT. 

Tour with Artist Friends. — Suggestive Summering. — Badly Ap- 
ple-Brandied — Judge Crump. — John R, Thompson's Tomb. — 
Yankees.— ♦* The Last of P^a Time "—Squirted out of Town. 
— Peter Mayo and Alexander Cameron. — Valentine's Colossal 
Staiue.— Dr. W. Hand Browne.— Adams' ** Folly,'' Eleven 
Hundred Feet High.— Gala Day All Around the Globe. — Ex- 
citement in Lynchburg. — Jack Slaughter and Robin Terry. — 
Trash Green.— Death of Wife.— Badly Kicked.— Home Near 
Pamlin's Depot. 

'^^ I) OYS, now that we are all pretty well off, sup- 
-I y pose we teach these rich people that there 
are other ways of summering than by going to 
mountain-resorts, seasides, Saratogas, Europes, and 
things." 

" Good !" said they ; " what shall we do ?" 
We took our wives and children (Fisher's family 
was immense, and Elder's little smaller), plenty of 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 275 

large, clean, well-made tents, cooks, ostlers, washer 
women, nurses, and other servants, with dead loads 
of cooking utensils, fowling pieces, fishing-rods, etc., 
and no end of all sorts of the best provisions and 
the finest wines, and leisurely made oui* way up 
through the Southside counties, encamping at night, 
or on rainy days, in the most charming nooks, dells, 
glades, and forest places we could find, and we found 
them in abundance, and more beautiful than we 
dreamed could be found. The children were wild 
with joy at this free life ; the boys and girls, who 
were nearly grown, found a fascination in this no- 
madic existence that quite enraptured them, and the 
elders — upon my soul, I believe they enjoyed it even 
more than the young people ! 

We intended originally to " do " the mountains of 
Southwest Virginia, but concluded to go for a while 
into Patrick and Henry, a field little known to artists 
and tourists, and which we enjoyed very much. 
Then turning, we travelled by eas^^ stages through 
Pittsylvania, Halifax, Mecklenburg, Lunenburg, 
Brunswick, Greenesville, Southampton, etc., keep- 
ing as far from railroads as possible, and saw the 
last, the very last, of Old Virginia life. The pic- 
tures of negroes, old and young; of dilapidated 
farms and farm-houses of every kind ; the interiors 
of homesteads, humble and proud (once proud), which 
had not been touched by war, and but little by time, 
and the description accompanying them, done by my 
own hand, are (I make bold to say it) by odds the 
best that ever were done by anybody, and, taken as 



276 WHAT I DID wrrH 

a whole, make . an invaluable compendium for the 
historian and antiquary.* 

Reaching home about the last of October, delight- 
ed, without ague, although we had been badly apple- 
brandied at points, our account of our travels so rav- 
ished our friends that for many years afterwards 
tent-life in Southside Virginia became extremely 
fashionable, and, with various modifications, has been 
more or less adopted in all parts of the United States 
—especially by the wealthier classes, and by hardy 
young men who despise the foolery of springs And 
seasides. Judge W. W. Crump took the lead in this 
wholesome reform.t 

Soon after my return, I walked out one day to 
Hollywood. There, to my excessive mortification, I 
found that a Northern admirer of John K. Thomp- 
son had erected a handsome tomb over the poet — a 
gentle soul, that loved above all things to do a kind 
deed for foes, as well as friends. Although I had 
predicted that Virginians would no more build a 
monument to Thompson than Americans to Wash- 
ington, and that the work in Hollywood, if done at 
all, would be done by a Yankee,^ I was mortified 

* It was published in folio under the title of * ' The Last of Pea 
Time." A few ** large-paper *' copies are now in the hands of 
Dr. Barney, and Randolph & English. 

t Prominent, Roman-nosed lawyer of the period. Hospitable 
man — champagned thirteen Seventh New York Regiment men to 
death. Treated me to breakfast on the Great Eastern, and I never 
forgot him for it. His son, Edward, was also good to me in 
North Carolina, and I never forgot him either. 

X If anybody has a more vitriolic feeling against bad yankees 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 277 

none the less. I had plenty of money — there was 
no earthly excuse for me ; but, Virginian like, I kept 
putting it off, and off, and off. I am ashamed of my- 
self. 

Here I am reminded that I encouraged as much 
as possible the erecting by wealthy and public-spirited 
citizens of single figures and groups in bronze or 
marble, commemorative of incidents and characters 
in Virginia history, at various points along the bou- 
levard that encircled Richmond, and in Parke Park 
allowed a few beautiful tombs to be built in suitable 
situations. Amid the beauties, natural and artificial, 
of the park, these tombs fitted in admirably, serving, 
by contrast and a certain tenderness of suggestion, to 
impart an increased and hallowing charm to the 
scenery — much like the undertone of sadness that one 
sometimes finds in the liveliest music* 

In a moment of vanity I determined to reprint 
everything I had ever written — every editorial, maga- 
zine-article, letter, communication, all the corres- 
pondence of "Zed," "Hermes," "Malou,"t etc., etc., 
all the squibs of every kind contributed to the Lynch- 

than I have, I pity him. But if a Yankee is a good Yankee (there 
are such), I like him aU the better for being a Yankee. It is like 
falling out with a fellow at school, stopping speaking to him. and 
then making np again. Few things are more pleasant 

*In childhood, when the sensibilities are keen, there is a fore- 
telling of the coming and inevitable sorrow and care of matare 
life in all mnsic, particularly in that of the piano. 

t Letters to Kichmond Dispatchy Charleston (S. C) Mercury, 
and New Orleans Crescent— a great many of them — ought to be 
among my papers now. 



278 WHAT I DID WITH 

burg, Richmond, Petersburg, Orange Courthouse, Bal- 
timore, New York, Louisville, Nashville, Knoxville^ 
and Gordonsville papers, and to have every solitary 
thing, down to the puns and conundrums, illustrated. 
This was the life-work of my friend, that excellent man 
and accomplished draughtsman, W. L. Sheppard. 
Willie got along finely until he got to the loathsome 
and disgusting article on " Spit ; "* in attempting to 
illustrate that he was attacked with such incessant 
retching and persistent nausea that he fled to Italy 
for relief, and had to stay there and in the Alps for 
three years before he was cured. For a time he was 
(Dr. Brown-Sequard assured me) as badly off as 
Sumner — had to have the moxa^ actual cautery, Vi- 
enna paste, hypodermics, etc., to spine — but did event- 
ually get well without going to the United States 
Senate. 

The remaining illustrations were done by Ran- 
dolph Mason, a rising young artist, and my books^ 
" Adams's Complete Works," in twenty-six volumes,, 
octavo, were finally published, had no sale except in 
odd volumes, adorned the library of every friend to 
whom I presented them, and afforded me during my 
declining years most delicious reading. I can say 
with perfect truth that I never enjoyed any author 
half so much, and for many years never read any 
other. 

* Maddened by this horrible article, the tobacconists of Bioh- 
mond, led by my quondam friends, Mr. Peter Mayo and Mr. Alex, 
ander Cameron, filled a fire-engine with ambeer and actually 
squirted me out of town. I never dared to return. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 279 

In another moment of much more variity I allowed 
my friends to induce Valentine to persuade me to sit 
for my statue. At first it was decided to have the 
statue of bronze, quadruple life-size, in a sitting pos- 
ture, under Mr. ExalPs lovely duovw^ with Hart's- 
sweet little Henry Clay standing up in my lap, with 
my hands about his waist and under his coat-tail, 
dandling him. But this, though neat and suggestive, 
it was thought would be a reflection upon the " Great 
American System," and to my regret was abandoned. 
Then it was unanimously concluded best to build me 
in the attitude of the Colossus of Rhodes, forty feet 
high, straddling the City Springs,* in copperas-col- 
ored pants, and long-tail, bob-tail coat, striped white- 
and-red vest, oznaburg shirt with open collar, no cra- 
vat, and a straw hat, playing upon a pumpkin-vine 
horn with both hands, after the manner of the an- 
tique performer upon the fistula or fiute. It was so 
established, and the remains of it remain to this day. 
The material used was -an appropriate clay from the 
county of Powhatan, the same that the world-famous 
pipest are made of. Naughty boys soon snow-balled 

* A pretty little lot, or might have been, if the city had had any 
sense, between Seventh and Eighth fitreets, back of the Mills pro- 
perty. In 1874 it was used for the storage of old bricks, which 
were tenderly sheltered there by the leafless trees from the fierce 
rays of the midwinter sun. 

t The largest factory of tobacco pipes in the world is mine in 
Powhatan county. It is one thousand two hundred feet long and 
seven stories high, with a capacity of four hundred thousand 
pipes per diem. They are the best pipes in the world, and are 
superseding all others. 



280 WHAT I DJD WITH 

the pumpkin-vine out of my hands, and by dint of 
large pebbles obtained from the adjacent gnllies were 
not long in ridding me of my entire head ; but the 
magnificent torso still stands, and is much sought 
after and admired by Hellenists from Heidelberg and 
Bonn. Dr. William Hand Browne has devoted an 
entire " Green Table " in the Southern Magazine to 
a discussion of its great and growing merits. In re- 
venge for this ill treatment on the part of the boys, 
I directed Valentine to fill me an order for seven 
hundred busts of the finest and prettiest women of 
my acquaintance, which he did. They now adorn 
my house in Appomattox. 

To the end that I might die with the reputation of 
being the best-loved man in Virginia, I had done a 
great many good and wise deeds — at least I thought 
so. But before I started to do anything at all, I 
tried to impress upon myself the fact which I had 
long known — that there is the other side to every- 
thing — that existence, life itself, is a balance of op- 
posing qualities,* and that no wholly and lastingly 
good thing can ever be done. Flowers rot, beauty 
rots, religions rot, and the rottenness re-appears in 
beauty again forever and forever. Life rests on in- 
cessant putrescence. Though these facts were in- 
grained in me, 1 was not satisfied. I wanted to be 
honored of Virginia men and to be hurrahed over. 
I would walk whole squares in Richmond without 

* So that if there be no hell there can be no heaven. The thing 
is as long as it is broad. Annihilation is your only hope, Messrs. 
Skeptic and Scientist. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 281 

Laving a hat lifted to me or a small boy to follow 
me and to saj^, not without agitation, " that's him." 
This would never do. 

Therefore and because I had all along been intent 
upon it, I builded my Folly, Adams's Folly. It 
stands in Scuffletown to this day, upon a hill carved 
around clean down to its base to receive it and be its 
pedestal, to be seen, and to be seen a very great dis- 
stance, of all men. It is an octagonal mass of rough- 
hewn siennite, that rises some one thousand one hun- 
dred (counting from the river level, one thousand 
three hundred and fifty) feet in air. Upon its top 
there is a bell, compared to whicli the big bell at 
Moscow is but an infant's thimble. This bell rings 
of itself on stormy nights, and its mournful sound is 
heard in Philadelphia. [By the way, I had intended 
to stop the folly at the height of one thousand feet, 
but a Philadelphia centennial creature having built a 
tower that high, I went one hundred feet higher, 
exclusive of the cliff on which the Folly stands.] 
Houses in Richmond shake under the vibrations of 
this bell, nobody sleeps in many counties around 
Lynchburg, and all the Tobacco Eow mountain 
neighborhood goes to prayers at sundown and ceases 
not till day breaks and the bell stops ringing. It is 
a fearful thing — that bell lifted up upon that huge, 
rough tower, above the clouds oftentimes. There 
are steps inside, but everybody prefers to ride up in 
the steam elevator at a charge of twenty-five cents. 
Myriads of people come to see it. It is one of the 
wonders of the world. The annual revenue from 



282 WHAT I DID WITH 

sight-seers is a quarter of a million, which goes into- 
the Lynchburg treasury for the support of the poor 
and the improvement of street grades. People have 
ceased to be bow-legged, sway-backed, and knock- 
kneed in that city. A splendid bridge for foot-pas- 
sengers, carriages and railway trains runs from the 
foot of the Folly tower to the adjacent hill-top in 
Lynchburg, is much resorted to by industrious burgh- 
ers with long fishing-lines (to fish in the river for 
mud-kittens two hundred and fifty feet below), and 
is of great service to through travel on the Washing- 
ton City, Virginia Midland and Great Southern Kail- 
road. I do not remember what the thing cost. Mr. 
A. Y. Lee* was the architect. I had speculated in 
West Virginia coal lands, made one hundred mil- 
lions in addition to my original fifty millions, and 
didn't care what it cost. It was finished quicker than 
the great pyramid. Five hundred thousand men did 
the work within ten years. 

Goodness knows I was honored enough when the 
Folly was completed. I thought I would be. The 
inauguration day was a gala-day all around the globe. 
Men thought the tower of Babel theory was over- 
thrown, as if that were any comfort. I happened to 
be in New York, arranging with my publishers, when 
I was telegraphed for in liot haste. Many brasfr 
bands, Gesangveriens, photographers, several yoke of 

* An able man in his calling, but his resemblance to myself 
produced in him a mental inquietude that ended in incurable dys- 
pepsia ; which I hope will be a wholesome warning to others not 
to look like me if they can possibly avoid it. 



MY FIFfY MILLIONS. 2SS^ 

strong-minded women, historical societies, a herd of 
reporters, and three Schutzenfests accompanied me. 
It was a triumphal march the whole way. I was 
transported through Washington in a palanquin, 
toted by four members of the cabinet, the Emperor 
in front and on foot, clearing the way with a blac.c 
wagon-whip with brass nails in the handle. The 
train, drawn by six to ten locomotives, stretched 
from Alexandria to Fairfax Station nearly. All 
Orange Courthouse, Gordonsville and Charlottesville 
fell down in the red dust before me as the train went 
by. Not a living soul was left in the Eagged Moun-^ 
tains. The keeper of the Miller Orphan Asylum* 
set fire to the institution, and went along with the 
rest on foot before day. I disembarked on the Am- 
herst side, descended the gulch into which the old 
toll-bridge leads, and in a linen duster commenced 
the ascent of a grand staircase (hewn out of the liv- 
ing rock) which begins precisely on the spot where 
old Aunt Sally Taylort used to live. All Virginia, 
seemed to be around me. Although the world 
claimed the Folly as a boon to humanity, Virginia 

* Unfortunately, most of the orphans were too badly charred 
to be of future use, but the enterprising negroes of Gordonsville 
got the remainder (about two hundred and fifty), kept them on 
ice in Dr. Cadmus's wine-cellar, and for eighteen months orphan 
sandwiches, called chicken breast for short, were disposed of at 
great profit, and mach relished along with Jim Scott's grapes. 

t Kept a little tavern there. When John Brown, nephew of" 
Boss Gaathorn, lived at Dr. Seay's drugstore, we used to go over 
there and get breakfast on Sunday mornings — good breakfasts, 
they were, too. 



284 WHAT I DID WITH 

-claimed it as her own. Now this great State would 
be settled up ; now our unrivalled natural resources 
would be developed ; and now, beyond all shadow or 
possibility of perad venture, Norfolk would become 
the greatest seaport of the earth, and New York and 
Baltimore would be nowhere. The big bell tolled. 
The people (the landscape was black with them) hol- 
lered. I detected the voice of Trash Green.* It 
was a great time. 

At the head of the grand staircase, Mr. Eobin 
Terry t (in the attitude of Virginia or the Goddess 
of Liberty, in a bell-crowned hat with curved brim, 
and trampling on the prostrate form of Mr. Jack 
Slaughter t) received me. Over their heads, Mr. 
Tom Stabler § on the one side and Mr. Bob Latham 
on the other, held aloft the great motto in golden 
letters. Sic Semper Tyrannis. Mr. Terry's speech 
was a noble effort. When he let up. Jack Slaughter 
and the latter put off the robes of the tyrant, and 
donned his own sack-coat, and proclaimed that the 
days of the grinding oppression of poverty in Vir- 

* Lynchburg fishmonger of the period. Worthy, good temper- 
ance man ; dressed nicely — breastpin and gloves. 

t New London academy pedagogue of the period. Good teach- 
er and fine fellow. 

X Lynchburg double-barreled banker of the period. I liked 
Jack in spite of his money. He and Bob Broadnax, myself, and 
somebody else, used to play whist together, and have very good 
times. 

§ Husband of one of the finest women in Virginia. Early, 
rising tobacco warehouse-man of the day and dat« above men- 
tioned. Brother-in-law of the best brothers and sisters-in-law 
agoing at that time, and for some time previous and afterwards. 



MY FIFl'Y MILLIONS. 285* 

ginia were ended, to return no more while time 
lasted, there went up a shout that shook the hills,, 
and made the Folly wabble from base to summit.. 
My reply to these admirable addresses was a feeble 
one, — I wanted to go to Peter Wren's, and take a, 
nip of plain whiskey and water, — but all the Lynch- 
burg papers, all the Virginia papers, and all the 
papers all over the world said it was a sublime eflfort. 
I doubt it. Then the people went delirious with ex- 
citement and delight, and I went to the Washington 
House and went to bed. Scoville said he thought I 
was sick. It was a great time. 

Sated with human applause, and conscious that 
ray Folly, not my sense or my goodness, had won it, 
my parks, banks, factories, churches, cathedrals,, 
music-halls, colleges, and lecture-rooms all running 
more or less successfully, naught much [N. M. is re- 
spectfully submitted to the Dispatch — Ed, Whig] 
remained for me to do — time was for me to depai-t. 
We all do fade as a leaf. Moreover, between the 
tens and twenties [of 1900, doubtless — Whig], my 
dear, good wife went from me. What she was to 
me — her forbearance, her long-suffering, her uncom- 
plaining patience, her devotion to our children, and, 
above all, her clear understanding of the whimsies 
incident to my peculiar temperament, and of those 
who preceded me and gave me my temperament, — 
why tell of these, or who cares to hear them ? She 
it was who ennobled womankind (always lovable be- 
fore I knew her) and humanity in my eyes. I can- 
not praise her as Stuart Mill praised his wife — a. 



-286 WHAT I DID WITH 

woman no whit the superior of mine in moral if in 
•mental (which I doubt) nature ; but this I will say of 
her — that a more thoroughly truthful soul, a more 
loyal and steadfast friend, never dwelt on this planet. 
"The man or woman who had her friendship (not 
that it was hard to get) had that which was above 
price, and which only persistent crime, meanness, or 
lying could take away. That I shall be worthy to 
draw nigh unto her in the other life I very much 
question; but this I hope, that on some celestial 
morning two bright sinless boys will take the poor 
newly-come sinner between them, and leading him 
to her sweet presence, say — 

" Mother, receive him for our sake." 

She died before she was seventy, in the prime of 
the strength which came to her late in life, when the 
cares, griefs, and toils of her clouded youth and 
early womanhood were ended ; and I mourned her 
truly, as a man mourns who has no other friend this 
side the grave.* Ah, me ! how many, many friends 

• 

* This estimable woman came to her death in a singular and 
affecting way. Her maiden name was EUen F. Glennan, the 
daughter of a Protestant Irish curate — see letter from Washing- 
ton Oity, 1858, or thereabouts. From the time of our marriage 
she had a passion for second-hand wooden presses, equalled only 
by S. Jackson's craze for Yankee baggage-wagons. She pre- 
ferred cheap green, but would take cheaper red presses when- 
ever she could find them, and never got enough of them. Late 
in life she conceived the idea of a three-story much complicated 
pine press in as many several sections, had it made to order, and 
while putting it up herself (she would never let any one do for 
her what she herself could do) the upper section toppled oyer 
•aipon her, mashed her flat as a flounder, and the poor, tired, hard- 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 287 

there are now on the other side ! I hope they all 
are still my friends, for often, and often, and often 
my heart goes out how warmly to them ! I do not 
forget them. They are with me now more than are 
my living friends — far more. I feel their presence, 
their veritable existence. They live in me. 

No man knows, not even the widower himself, 
how much he suffers. Cleave frail man smoothly 
from calvarium to os coccygis^ and it is but natural 
that he should desire to find his lost if not better 
half, and not go single-legged and with only one 
-eye on the world all his days. It is for this cause 
that widowers walk lop-sided and hip-shot, and are 
60 anxious to get married again. Not that they want 
to marry for the mere sake of marrying — well they 
know that is not wliat it is cracked up to be — but 
they feel a-cold on one side, and yearn to pour out 
their grief on some friendly and sympathetic bosom. 
Thus the early courting of widowers, which is so 
much decried, is, if we did but know it, a secret 
<5ommingling of tears for the loved and lost one ; 
and as the commingling is all done and over by the 
time the new marriage comes off, it is but fit and 
proper that the two grief-relieved souls should be a 
trifle gay and cheerful. But they often cry together 
Afterwards — especially the lady. 

Being a lad of a little upwards of a century, and 
maintaining, as widowers all do, that I was unfazed 

working hands were at rest. Her maiden natue was EUen F. 
Glennan, the daughter of, etc. [the poor old gentleman forgets 
lb at he has already told iw /this. — Ed, Whig.'] 



288 WHAT I DID WITH 

by time and as good as ever stuck axe in a tree, 
which I was not and never had been, it was natural 
and becoming that I should want to get married 
again without indecorous and heartless delay ; but 
that I should make such a poop and rancid old ass 
of myself as to court a mischievous little miss of 
six-and-twenty, or thereabouts, I could not have be- 
lieved. I did, though. There was a blue-eyed red- 
faced, yellow-haired girl at Ca Ira (I moved to the 
country soon after my wife died), that wound me 
around her finger, trotted me around, showed me off, 
made a laughing-stock of me, and then kicked me into 
the infinite void^ with the full and unrelenting power 
of a very ponderous limb. That woman lied to me in 
every conceivable way. Sbe lied with her eyes, she 
lied with her smiles, she lied with her gestures, with 
a thousand undulations of her graceful body; her 
life for six months was a continuous and unbroken 
lie, only she did not tell me in actual words that she 
loved me. And so, with a conscience void of offense, 
she went off and married a Pikelin, or some such 
creature. But what a conscience ! A cambric thread 
of the finest fibre would cover it like a counterpane. 
And yet nature, in her ample indifference (/can't 
call it economy), has a place for myriads of such 
immortal nits. The good of them at any time, past, 
present, and to come, is not apparent to me. To 

* Lifted at the acute toe-point into The Inane, I found there a 
little mud-god named Carlyle, in the arms of Frederick tho Great, 
and Dr. Francia standing by, feeding him with gobs of disjointed 
German text, done up in oatmeal, out of a spoon. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 289 

Pikelins and such they may be blessing, possibly. 
But as for me, I am done with women. We all do 
fade as a leaf. 

When my mind was made up to move finally into 
the country (my summers having heretofore been 
spent in various rural retreats, so called, which I had 
purchased from time to time), I did not set to work 
with my abundant money to re-create the Domain 
of Arnheim on Poe's plan, the cottage of Landor, a 
villa in the Italian style, or anything of the kind. 
My highest ambition was to rebuild Captain Grigg's 
house just as it was in the olden time, and this I would 
certainly have done had not all or nearly all the 
trees between there and the Knob been cut down. 
The place was too open and exposed. I bought 
Evans's mill and all the land I could get in the 
neighborhood, divided it up into farms, with snug 
farm-houses, etc., and portioned them out to the 
children of William Gannaway and William Ander- 
son, my cousins. For myself I found no resting 
place for the sole of my foot until I got into the 
wooded country near Pamplin's Depot. There I 
built an exact fac simile of Captain Grigg's — a lit- 
tle dormer-storied house, with a cool basement din- 
ing-room and (jellar adjoining, a front porch with 
saddle-closet cut off from it, big outside chimneys- 
(to encourage the friends of my childhood — toads),, 
a covered brick passage for the wind to blow through ^ 
the water-pail, and the wood ready chopped for the 
fire, to set in, and then a tail of little rooms on dif- 
ferent levels runninijc down the hill — so that vou had 

II.— 19. 



290 WHAT I DID wrrH 

to step up or down to get into any room in the house. 
I had a barn, stable, corn-house, kitchen, quarters, 
dairy with F-like lattice -work under the eaves, a 
well, a glorious well, with well-house over it, a car- 
riage-house, horse-block and rack, spring and spring- 
house fifty yards or so from the dwelling, a damson 
tree or two, with some greengage plums in the yard, 
oaks, aspens, and locusts, a regular ley-hopper, big 
biscuit-block and great open fireplace in the kitchen, 
hen-hovels, duck-troughs, meat-liouse, weaving-room, 
loom, vast gobbler, an authoritative rumpless rooster, 
devoted to the society of the ladies, and a square- 
shouldered, deliberate drake, very affable to his 
family, flax-hackles, reel, wool-cards, spinning-wheels, 
everything, including peacock and chatty guinea 
chickens. Other people might live as they pleased, 
I intended to live like a Virginian. I had money, 
and money '4n a plenty;" why not? In my garden 
were lilacs and hollyhocks, gooseberries, raspberries, 
currants, etc., a fig bush or two, some hazelnut bushes, 
artichokes and grass-nuts; a patch for broom-corn, 
and reeds for fishing-poles, gourds along the fence 
and cymlins at intervals ; I had besides, a nice pond 
with abundant bullfrogs, a dam and mill-pond full 
of chub and silver perch, and an old-fashioned saw- 
mill, with a saw that worked up and down like a 
distracted man in a jump-jacket. This for company 
when I felt lonesome ; and as I took good care not 
to cultivate much of my land, there was never want- 
ing gullies and galls, with a pretence of brush and 
»corn-stalks to cure them — I wouldn't have cured 'em 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 291 

for the world — great store of mulleins, hen-nest grass, 
sassafras, thorn-bushes, Cherokee plums in detached 
squads, isolated persimmon-trees, brier patches, dew- 
berry vines, old fields with and without old field 
pines — good for setting-turkeys and old hares — a 
right sharp chance of sour, sobby, crawfishy land, 
some puffy land, some places where the water seeped 
out, some old gray not quite dead cherry-trees, a lost 
and rather bony Lombardy poplar or so, some huge 
high pines not far from the house for the sake of 
woodpeckers, low grounds for kildees and water- 
melons, a good-sized creek with three or four regu- 
larly baited fishing-places, a collection of tall naked 
sycamores for buzzards to roost in, four mules, three 
yoke of oxen, twelve cows to the pail, a jinny and 
a hinny, an amiable sleepy-headed horse for my own 
riding, and a milk and cider filly, with a side-saddle, 
nankeen riding-skirt and sun-bonnet for any lady 
who might happen to pay me a visit. 

I had also not quite a gross of hounds, beagles, 
pointers, setters, bulldogs, and bench-leg fice, all to 
keep company, and a sociable but exasperating cat, 
that would sit and doze, and blink by the fire, and 
see a mouse run up my breeches leg, and blink and 
doze, and look up in my face like an insensate, hairy, 
slit-eyed Chinese simpleton, until I didn't know what 
I was ready to do to that cat if I hadn't been super- 
stitious and afraid. A cat like that is a bad cat. I 
had me also a convenient wood-pile (nothing but 
wood was burnt in my house), with plenty of oak and 
hickory, plenty of pine too, and lots of chips and 



292 WHAT I DID WITH 

lightwood knots, with a white-oak basket (not a big, 
new white white-oak basket, but a little old black 
white-oak basket, with a hole burnt in one side, 
jagged edges, and a swinging handle, loose at one 
end), to hold my chips and corn-husses. 



THIRTEENTH INSTALLMENT. 

A Lonely Old Age. — Dark and Bitter Thoaghts. — Arrival of the 
Commodore. — Throwing Mexican Dollars. — A Negro Killed. — 
A Stormy Night. — Trouble of Life's Ending. — Misery of this 
World. — Hallucinations. — In the Fodder-stack. — A Voice. 

AND yet I was not happy.^ For a time, indeed^ 
all went well. My negroes (the men dressed 
in nappy cotton and the women in striped homespun) 
behaved very well. People came to see me, dined 
with me, and talked politics. My Cnrdsville fiddler 
was always ready to entertain them, a negro boy was 
never wanting to fetch a pail or can of fresh water 
(I had a cocoanut rimmed with silver and a real, 
regular sweet old gourd to drink out of), or to bring; 
a coal of fire between two chips from the kitchen in 
summer time to light our pipes with, or to get some 
mint from the mint-bed. In a word, I led the life 
of an old Virginian with plenty of money, and en- 
joyed it. But times changed ; settlers from all parta 

* In my time it was thought to be very funny to say ** and yet 
I am not happy." The oftener it was said the funnier it was 
thought to be. I consider people as amongst the most curious 
human beings I ever saw. Mules and members of the legisla- 
ture come next. 



MY FIFfY MILLIONS. 293 



t 



of the world began to crowd up to and around my 
plantation ; no wages could tempt the negroes from 
going to the negro districts of the South ; people 
ceased to come to me except for money (my Folly 
had left me but a few millions, and I got tired of 
everlasting giving) ; my Curds ville fiddler, getting 
lonesome, left me never to return, and finally I was 
left alone with an old negro cook (women stick to 
men to the last), her granddaughter, and one or two 
great grandsons. With them I got along after a 
fashion, but it was a mournful fashion. The garden 
and a few outside acres under cultivation supplied 
me with roasting ears and turnip greens. I had 
generally a roast shoat in season, sometimes a lamb, 
a full supply of chickens, and you may be sure the 
negroes took good care not to let me get out of hog 
meat. 

I grew morbid. Fishing palled on me, jogging 
about on my sway-back mare became tiresome, sit- 
ting under my favorite pine and listening to its 
soughing brought recollections no longer tender, but 
only sad and full of vain longing for the friends that 
had gone before me ; trimming the knots on a hick- 
ory stick brought no comfort, my eyesight failed as 
my hearing had long before, appetite failed, and even 
the reading of my books, when I could read at all, 
and the wondering admiration of myself in my bet- 
ter days* served but to irritate me. One of the 
greatest of calamities — a lonely old age — had be- 
fallen me. 



* **My God, what genius I had then!'' — Swift in his dotage. 



294 WHAT I DID WITH 

My thoughts grew dark and bitter, darker and 
more bitter day by day, as the lonesome months went 
by. Oh ! for the sight of the face of a single friend 
of my youth and early manhood! But they were 
gone — my children and grandchildren, the children 
and grandchildren of the thousands I had befriended, 
were scattered and gone. I was forgotten by the 
human race. Desire had failed; the possibility of 
enjoyment was forever past. Aches and pains were 
not lacking to fill up the measure of my misery. I 
had outlived life — the saddest of all the evil things, 
of which this sad, bad world is full. I could not 
think a bright or cheering thought; no one wanted 
me now to do a good deed. I was unremembered^ 
yet alive and suffering. All the low, vile, under- 
hand, over-reaching, treacherous, mean, and contempt- 
ible actions and transactions of all the men I had ever 
known came back to me with terrific force, and abode 
with me. I could not get rid of them. Recalling 
all I had done for my State and its people, seeing 
how neglected and steeped in solitary woe and pain 
I was, I hated and despised my race with the hatred 
and despite of a soured and impotent old age. My 
soul was full of gall and desire to do harm. 

I forgot the torrents of crime, wave after wave,, 
world-wide and high in volume (committed? no! 
only not committed for want of opportunity), that 
had passed through me time and again, oh! so often; 
and I forgot (God help me) the myriads of kind- 
nesses that had been done to me and mine ; to me by 
my uncle James, his family and my other kin ; to me 



MYFIFfY MILLIONS. 295 

by hundreds of newspaper men, — other men too ; to 
my dear wife during her long, long sickness ; to my 
dear old father by black and white in Tappahannock. 
1 forgot the love and the prayers (so undeserved), 
the forgiving and forgetting that had followed all 
through my life. I forgot these things. I remem- 
bered only, thought only of the meanness, the misery 
and the wickedness (there is plenty of all three) of 
this wretched existence. 

Fortunately for me, I retained enough sense to 
know that action, action is the only cure for the 
crime of over-contemplation and brooding. It was 
but little I could do, but that little I did with all my 
small remaining strength. I plodded around my 
plantation, trying to study animal and vegetable na- 
ture, and running the risk daily of tumbling into 
some ditch, gully or branch, and so drowning myself. 
I would have rather liked that. It was of no use; 
still I trudged, and still I brooded over the ills of 
life and the vileness of human nature. How long 
this would have lasted it is useless to conjecture, but 
one day, as I waj toiling slowly up a hill, a strange, 
very strange apparition on the top attracted my at- 
tention. Amazed, and very much frightened, too, I 
stood still in my tracks, and the thing, whatever it 
was, came on. I was unarmed and greatly scared. 

To my intense relief it proved to be the automaton 
of Commodore J?orter.* Eustace, having made a 

* Commodore Porter's death, at a great age, left such a void in 
the community that I engaged an ingenious mechanic to make for 
me an exact fac-simile of him in wood. A more perfect antotna- 



296 WHAT I DID WITH 

fortune out of him, had sold him to a subsidiary side- 
showmau, from whom the Commodore, indignant, 
had escaped in the night. Wandering indefinitely 
about the country, various vandal malignants had 
evily entreated him, and he appeared before me in 
a calash, a cavalry sword and boots, a hoop-skirt and 
bustle, no other clothes, and his machinery inside 
working visibly and violently. One hand was tied 
behind him, in the other he held the tall staff of Ter- 
rill of Bath, that resembled an exaggerated parasol- 
handle of the period, and his mind, or rather the me- 
<;hanism of it, was excited, for the evil-en treaters had 
broken off a part of his tongue, and strapped the rest 
of it down, so that he could not make himself intel- 
ligible at all. 

" Commodore," said I, " they seem to have served 
thee badly." 

He made no reply — gritted his teeth in wrath, and 

ton was never constructed ; it walked aU about the city, coUected 
accounts, talked and smoked, and could not be told from the ori- 
ginal commodore except by i\ e closest inspection. It was touch • 
ing to see it going along, with its venerable beard and pipe. 
The bad boys would sometimes tie him to a post, and the ma- 
chiuery being still at work, his legs kept moving in the oddest 
manner, and he exhibited all the signs of violent rage. At last 
they got to lighting their cigars by scratching matches on his 
nose, and sending him around with profane and indelicate verses 
written on his forehead. Out of all patience at this, I gave him 
to Henry Eustace, who made a large fortune by exhibiting him 
through the country. It is said that when General Richardson 
felt him and found that he really was wooden, and not the genu- 
ine commodore in propria peraona, he just laughed himself to 
death. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 297 

glared at me. I could not laugh at so hapless a 
being, but was both distressed and delighted to see 
bim, and he was so glad at last to meet a friend that 
be shed a few kerosene tears (his eyes, his joints and 
journals were greased with that excellent unguent) 
of relief, and we went joyfully home together. In a 
day or two I had him dressed nicely in a suit of my 
old clothes, a little too short in the arms and legs for 
him, but comfortable ; his tongue untied, his slides, 
hinges and wheels all freshly oiled, and the whole 
man in elegant running order. He was fine com- 
pany for me for awhile, but, as old men will do, we 
gradually grew morose, and longed for some excite- 
ment. Action, action was what we wanted ; we were 
tired of smoking. My faculty of invention had not 
altogether deserted me, so I sent for several salt- sacks 
full of silver Mexican dollars, and amused myself for 
•days by throwing them at the bodies and faces of 
poor men of the vicinage, allowing them to take 
•every dollar that hit them, the Commodore picking 
up the dollars that missed and bringing them back 
to me, and relisliing the sport hugely. After a fel- 
low had an eye, or two or three teeth knocked out, 
he generally went home ; but one wretched man, 
with the worst face 1 ever saw, allowed both eyes, 
all of his upper and lower front teeth to be knocked 
-out, his nose mashed flat and cut in two, and his 
forehead to be completely skinned before he gave up. 
" There, Commodore," said I, " that is the natural 
liuman greed for money; did you ever see the like 
of it ; would you, could you have believed it ?" 



298 WHAT I DID WITH 

The Commodore merely laughed. But when I 
learned that the poor man had stood all this for the 
sake of an afflicted wife and children, it nearly killed 
me, although I gave him a sack of silver to ease my 
conscience.* 

The Commodore had often begged me to let him 
try his hand, but he was so powerful I was afraid; 
one day, however, I consented. He threw the first 
dollar smack through a stalwart negro, back-bone and 
all, and it took the rest of our silver to buy oflF judge 
and jury, and to save ourselves from being hanged. 
This put an end to our sport. 

We grew more and more melancholy and savage,, 
and I got more and more afraid of the Commodore. 
I couldn't bear to let him run down completely, for 
that would be depriving myself of all society ; but 
he became so ill-natured and dangerous, that I had 
to keep him only partially wound up, which made 
him madder than ever. He had a hole in his back, 
and a key, kept in a box under his ribs, with which 
he was set going ; and, his springs being tremend- 
ous, it took all my strength to wind him thoroughly. 
Unluckily for me, he discovered that by inserting a^ 
door-knob in the hole in his back, and by whirling 
himself around, he could wind himself up, which he 
did, and came down stairs to my room a good many 
times, and whaled me very cruelly. The wonder is 

* He proved to be a tailor of the neighborhood — an ezceUent, 
sensible, good man, much like my old friend Benson, the grand- 
father of E. B. Spence, of Richmond. Mr. B. had but one de^ 
feet ; he could not tell cabbage from cribbage. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 299 

that he didn't kill me. I wish he had, for now life 
was but a constant terror. Finally, I hit upon the 
plan of greasing the door-knobs (strange he never 
found it out!), and that, and that alone, prolonged 
my days. It was a frightful strain upon my failing 
memory not to forget to grease my knobs, every one 
of them. My cook and the other servants wouldn't 
have done it for the world — they had a mortal terror 
of the Commodore, and ran for their lives at the very 
sight of him. A sad, sad time I had. 

There came a night — well do I remember it — a 
wild night, towards the end of December, a night 
of tempest and thick darkness. A lean and very 
aged man, full of pain and troublous thoughts, lay 
in his bed. For him there was but one sentience, and 
one sufferer in the universe. Outside, the fierce 
wind poured its flood, pausing ever and anon only 
to gain added strength and fierceness. What cared 
the wind for the aching and mind-tormented cente- 
narian? The house shuddered from end to end;, 
there were whisperings under doors and through 
key-holes; challenges and replies anear and afar, 
rustlings and passings outside the shaking casements, 
noiseless goings to and fro, and tellings of unknown 
things in inarticulate tongues of those without to 
those within ; unusual and great business and bustle 
in ghostland. Terrors were about and abroad — 
strange work, God wot, to be done. My poor friend, 
automaton as he was, came down in abject affright, 
' crouched close to my bedside beside the hearth, al- 
most emberless now, and said no word. The trouble 



"300 WHAT I DID WITH 

of life's ending was upon me. I could not sleep. 
I arose, dressed myself, paid no heed to the out- 
stretched supplicating wooden hand of the Commo- 
dore, and, uncloaked and bareheaded, went out into 
the storm. Brain and heart were afire; I felt no 
vcold. In a fodder-stack near the stable I had made 
on the leeward side a deep hole, into which I would 
often go late at night to watch the stars, and worry 
my poor limited mind, until astronomy became a 
numbing pain. I laid down there awhile and looked 
.at the tree-arms tossing helplessly, and the tall spec- 
tral tops of the pines in the distant wood bowed in 
submission to the storm. I felt the pitilessness of 
the wind. I could see all the oceans, with the waves 
tumbling horizon after horizon away, the world 
Tound, and I felt the strength and the unmerciful- 
ness of water. The force of volcanoes that know 
not that mankind inhabit the world ; the throes of 
earthquakes that swallow cities of men, women and 
children, and do not consider, but go on. I heard 
the rush of monstrous fish under the waters, the 
•crash of flesh-eating beasts through jungles, the faint, 
slimy sound of venomous reptiles crawling to their 
prey, the cracking of the crunched bones of innocent 
victims, the yells and cries — never heard by man — 
of the fighting saurians of the fore-world ; I felt as 
with tlie hand the remorseless power of famines, and 
listened with ears other than mine own to the march 
of pestilences that look not back nor remember. 
Diseases took shape and in hideous personation came 
before me — cancer, carbuncle, fungus, abscess, de- 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 301 

formities, insanities, rheums, neuralgias, ulcers, pains 
unnamed and innumerable — a horrid throng. The 
dolors too terrible to be told, of mind, body and 
heart, that pious men, guileless women and sinless 
children suffer; the shame and remorse of guilty 
men ; the hardness, worse than shame or remorse, of 
those who feel neither — all came to me, all the mis- 
ery and wickedness of this perplexing world, all that 
was suffered in the endless past, and all that is to be- 
endured (and for what?) in the endless future — one 
vast, wide, undivided, solid, black mass of ever en- 
during agony, pressed down and in upon me. 

I rose up. This was too much. As I went out 
of the stack, the thick, ragged clouds that had been 
hurrying all night long to some rendezvous on the 
other side of the globe fled clear away — the crescent 
moon, white and cold, and sharp and hard as a sad- 
dler's knife, came out and shed a ghostly light on the 
scene. The wind died; the trees stood still; a great 
frost set in. There was peace — the peace of frost — 
that, too, was pitiless, and of death. I walked to the 
horse-block and sat down. Mine hour was come. 1 
felt it, knew it, and was glad. No one ever came- 
to ride my horses. The side-saddle and sun-bonnet 
were unused — had never been used. I was deserted. 
The fair, fond face of woman had been blotted 
wholly out of my life, almost out of my memory. 

" So much motion awhile ago," said I, " and now 
so much rest, blessed rest. What am I but motion,, 
and why not now cease, be not no more forever, and 
mingle with the infinite sources of motion that lie 
among the stars?" 



302 WHAT I DID wrrH 

On a sudden I felt the earth rise up out of its 
orbit. The movement was swift, inconceivably so, 
but not hurried. By a finer sense than sight I saw 
that the stars were not falling, but that I was going 
up to them. Their steely fires grew brighter mo- 
mently, and presently I knew that the splendor of 
countless flaming suns would fall full upon me. A 
great awe and expectation came over me.* Just then 
I heard a voice, — 



FOURTEENTH INSTALLMENT. 

.Aunt PoUy Waddy. — Cavalry Comin'. — Ned Gregory, Barron 
Hope, V. Dabney and others. — Slugs and Gulgers. — CoL T. F. 
Owens. — An Old Yirgiuia Breakfast. — The Commodore Breaks 
Loose. — A Terrible Time.— Cremation. — Loose Again. — Earth- 
qudkes, Cholera, etc.— Grand Dinner. — Boyal Ashoake. — 
Toasts, Speeches, and Perfect Bliss. — A sleep at His Own Table. 

" T~ OOK h'yer, ole marster, ef you don't git off 
JL^ dat hoss-block, you gwine freeze spang to it, 
and me and little Billy will have to come and prize 
you off wid a crow-bar." 

* Awe is to the mind somewhat like gravity to the muscles, the 
weight of the incomprehensible. The inability to hold, or to 
take up, oppresses, and so does the inability to take in or under- 
stand. A ball of fire some eight hundred thousand miles across, 
like the sun, might weU impress the mind with a sense of awe, 
and yet it is but a baU of fire. Once understood, it wiU appear 
what it really is, no more wonderful than the flame of the oom- 
monest hydrocarbon — that of a taUow dip, for example. Carious ! 
that the human intellect, measuring, as it were, the universe, re- 
gards solar and sidereal systems as but shining motes, and yet 
that same intellect is awed and amazed by a tall mountain, a lofty 
interior, or a high tower, like my Folly. 



MY FIFPY MILLIONS. 303 

It was the voice of my cook, Aunt Polly Waddy, 
the last slave-born woman living in America. She 
had belonged to Colonel Bondurant. 

" Go away, Aunt Polly," said I ; " I am concerned 
About higher matters than these material particles 
jou call my body; go away." 

"I won't budge a inch twell you git up froija dar. 
I don't want to hear none of yo' foolosophy 'bout 
potticals — git up from dar, ole marster; don't you 
hear me ? You's a pritty man — so old dat yo' bones 
rattles in yo' skin like cinders in a tin-pan — to be 
settin' out here and de frost gethrin' on you like 
dried rozum on a pine log — git up from dar, day's 
breakin' — ^git up. Lemme heist you down." 

"Be it so, Aunt Polly," said I, mournfully, com- 
ing back from the stars with great anguish. "But 
what have I to do with life?" 

"Monsus little," was her reply; "and darfo you 
mout be mo' keerful." 

"lleish!" she cried suddenly; "heish! kelvery 
comin'." 

Sure enough, the trampling of many hoofs was 
heard in the distance. A squadron of imperial cui- 
rassiers had gone up some days before to suppress a 
disturbance at Concord depot, and their return did 
not surprise me. Presently the cavalcade halted 
under the gigantic oaks that shaded the road in front 
of my house, and the officer in command saluted me 
3n a strangely quavering voice. 

"Give you good-morrow, fair sir," said he. 

" Give it to me, lli«n," I replied gruffly, for I was 



304 WHAT I DID WITH 

in no humor to receive visitors; give it to me and 
pass on — this ain't no tavern." 

"Fur de Lord's sake, ole marster, don't sen' um 
away. We's had no comp'ny fur de longist, and my 
fingers farly eeches to be doin' soraethin'." 

"Methinks, most ancient codger j" said the oflScer, 
" that your lingo is even more unclassical than inhos- 
pitable." 

"Ned Gregory," said I, "if you and Jim Hope 
and the rest of you have nothing better to do at your 
time of death (I knew they were all dead), you'd 
better go back to the graves where you belong." 

No man, no living man, would or could have be- 
lieved it; but besides E. S. Gregory and James Bar- 
ron Hope, there were Alexander McDonald, Jim 
Booker, Ham. Chamberlayne,* Y. Dabney, Gordon 
McCabe, Phil. Haxall, John Beeve, Legh Page, Na- 
than Clapp, John Meredith and Mel. Cardoza, and a 
good many more, some twenty in number, all on 
horseback except Mel., who was mounted upon a lit- 
tle lame Shetland pony with big black eyes. All 
had beards, white as the driven snow, hanging down, 
to their waists, except Gordon McCabe, who looked 
to be about seventeen years of age till you got close 
to him and saw that there were at least ten thousand 
wrinkles in his face. 

"Have you got any cold sperrits?" they cried. 

"Did y'all know Woody Latham?" said L 

And they answered and said they did. "We de- 
sire some pizen," they added. 

*[A clear case of resurrection. Chamberlayne wjis killed in 
battle in the third or fourth installment. — Ed. Whig.'] 



MY FIFfY MILLIONS. 305 

" Did y'all know Judge Semple ?" said I. 

They answered yes, and most of them lied. 

"And did y'all know Jim McDonald and Bob 
Kidgway and Charles Irving and Marcellus Ander- 
son and Philander MeCorkle and Gallatin Paxton 
and Bob Glass and Gray and Bob Latham and Koger 

A. Pryor and Sam Paul and Joe Mayo and A. D. 
Banks and William E. Cameron and George and 
Abe Yenable and Charles W. Button and Billy Mosby 
and Nat Meade and George Wedderburn and Nebu- 
chadnezzar and Peter Francisco and Dr. Henry C. 
Alexander and old Mr. Osborne of Petersburg and 
Melchisedek and Mr. J. P. Cowardin and Captain 
O'Bannon and Uncle Alexander Moseley and Caesar 
and Maurice and Squire of the Whig office and He- 
liogabalus and Bennett of the Enquirer and Peter 

B. Prentis of Nansemond and Colonel Walter Tay- 
lor and the Dismal Swamp and the two Barhams of 
Petersburg and Dr. Pleasants and the fourth book of 
Euclid and Senator Kobert E. Withers ?" 

[In the original MS. the list embraces the names 
of nearly half the population, male and female, of 
Lynchburg, Farmville, Richmond, Petersburg, and 
Norfolk, a large number of heathen gods, and old 
Virginia negroes of good families.] 

And they answered, and said they pintedly did — 
which for the most part was a falsity on their 
part. 

Then, turning to my handmaiden, I inquired : 

" Aunt Polly, can you cook up a little something 
for these gentlemen ?" 
II.— -20. 



306 WHAT I DID WITH 

The old woman was a Yirginian to the interior of 
her backbone. Her eyes literally flashed — 

" Cook ! Kin I cook ? for dem few ? I kin cook 
for all creashun^ ef you gimme de lard." 

"Well," said I, "you've had the keys these ten 
years, and I reckon you ought to know where the 
lard is." 

The old woman hurried off, overjoyed. 

I, too, was overjoyed. My eyes filled with tears 
of unspeakable thankfulness for the gift of friend- 
ship and human sympathy that had come to me so 
unexpectedly on the very edge of life. I felt that I 
could live ever so much longer. 

"'Light, 'light, you blessed, blessed, blessed old 
hellions," I cried (no such relief for affection as an 
oath-edged benediction), "and come in." 

The old, half-frozen fellows scrabbled down from 
their horses as quickly as they could, shook me 
warmly by the hand, and we hurried into the house, 
for it was very cold. 

It always made the Commodore mad for company 
to come. Scared as he had been by the horror that 
was in the air during the night, he was not half so 
scared as I was lest he should intrude upon my 
guests ; but, luckily for us all, he retired in the sulks 
to his room and there remained. A grand, old-fash- 
ioned fire was soon set going in the wide hearth of 
the dining-room — some of the logs were rammed 
end-wise up the chimney — ^and we began to warm 
our shrivelled hands ; but before we could get com- 
fortable the demand for antifogmatics became vocif- 
«erous. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 307 

*' Boys," said I (not one of them was a day under 
a hundred), "boys, I've got here all the 'heimers, 
wassers, cognacs, London docks, schnapps, rums, 
clarets, sherries, madeiras, S. T. 1860 Xs, treble Xs, 
stouts. Bass's and Bowler's pale ales, lagers, Kissin- 
gens, etc., etc. ; also a barrel or two of Ned Lafong's 
Clemmer and a few runlets of Bob Burke's choice 
Hanger; what do you say?" 

" Whiskey ! Whiskey !" unanimously. 

We took about a dozen four-finger slugs apiece 
and at least eight bald-face gulgers, plumb to the 
brim every pop. We were none of your tenderrgiz- 
zarded spring chickens; besides, the weather was 
deucedly eold. 

By the time we were fairly warmed up, inside and 
out. Aunt Polly brought in breakfast. 

We had in the first place a regular old-time Mon- 
trose loaf — a high fellow, like a Martello tower. 
Gordon McCabe got as mad as fire because he couldn't 
tip-toe and shake his fist over it in the face of Phil 
Eaxall; the boys were all a good deal excited. 
Then we had spare-ribs, broiled ham and eggs, beef- 
steak and onions, corned shad, and chitlins on toast. 
We had also some batter-bread, some batter-cakes, 
some buckwheat cakes, some flannel-cakes, some 
hominy, some turn-overs, some griddle-cakes, some 
beat-biscuit, some muflSns, and some heavenly waf- 
fles. Last, but not least, we had some coffee, some 
open-flre-placed, trivet-hotted coffee, just such coffee 
as Mrs. Chamberlayne's Laura used to make— coffee 
that goes to the soul — in a megatherial pot. 



308 ' WHAT I DID WITH 

As we were about to sit down, in comes Colonel 
Thomas F. OwenSj* who had been detained all night 
at Spout Spring. He was received with a feu de joie^ 
in decidedly cracked accents, asked a Masonic bless- 
ing, and we all fell to. When the Arabian elixir 
began to penetrate to their remotest capillaries, and 
the gums (there wasn't the half of a tooth in the 
whole crowd) of these old cocks began to sink 
through the crisp, brown crust down into the very 
marrow of the hot waffles, they sobbed aloud and 
with one voice said, " This, this is Old Yirginia !'' 

It did me good to hear them say so. 1 thought 
so myself. 

Never did I see people eat so ; never did I eat so 
in all my life. It was eleven o'clock and after be- 
fore breakfast was over. 

I had all sorts of all sorts of cigars in the known 
world ; I had every named pipe, with reed, reed-root, 
fig, cherry, and other stems; also some noble cobs,, 
wrought by the genius of Franklin Mosby, and 
handed down to me by Alexander Mosely, together 
with a lot of long ii-ti stems, sloped off at the tip 
like the mouth-piece of a clarionet. We were smok- 
ing like twenty old tar-kilns when an ominous rum- 
bling and rattling wasjhieard upon the staircase. My 
worst fears were realized; it was the Commodore, 

*A ruddy, clean, nicely-dressed, always good-natnred, always 
courteous, obliging, and ^* excellent weU, I give you thanks'^ 
Aid-de-Gamp to Crovemor Walker of the 1870-74 period. If 
Governor Walker had run a horse-shoe magnet smoothly smack 
round the world, he could not have attracted a better man for th» 
office he filled. 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 309 

freshly wound up and in a perfect frenzy at the in- 
trusion of my guests. In an instant I had locked 
and bolted the parlor door. As well have opposed 
60 much pasteboard to his progress; he smashed the 
door down with a single blow, leaped into the crowd, 
and laid about him with the staff of old Terrill of 
Bath in a most alarming and indeed dangerous style. 
The rattling of that staff upon our old skulls re- 
minded me of a hogshead full of gourds i oiling down 
a rocky hill. It was an awful state of affairs. We 
were twenty-one in all, but no match for that terri- 
ble automaton with his huge stick ; black eyes, bloody 
noses, and skinned sconces became the order of the 
day in less than j£f teen minutes. He soon cleared 
out the parlor, and such a chase up-stairs and down- 
stairs ensued as was never seen before. Of all the 
lively old men that ever were on this planet we were 
the liveliest. I haven't a doubt that he would have 
killed the last one- of us if John Meredith, who had 
learned the art in California, had not blinded him 
by throwing a bed-quilt over his head, and then las- 
Boed him ; after which it was comparatively an easy 
matter (not such an easy matter either, for he fought 
like a demon to the last) to bind him hand and foot. 
What to do with him was then the question. A 
violent discussion followed. 

" To destroy such a marvellous bit of mechanism 
would be a sin and a shame," said some. 

" We will have no peace of our lives — he may get 
loose at any moment — until we put an end to him,'^ 
said the others. 



310 WHAT I DID WITH 

After two hours' talk, interspersed with numerous 
nips, it was put to the vote and decided by a large 
majority to burn. him. Accordingly, he was doubled 
up, tied with plow-lines, his feet to his head and his 
arms around his legs, and thrown upon the great 
brass andirons of the dining-room fire-place — the 
only one. large enough to receive him. We ought 
to have known better, but, what with the various 
gulgers, slugs, and nips that we had taken, we did 
not. No sooner were the plow-lines burnt through 
than the old man came out of the fire-place with a 
demoniac bound and scream, scattering the coals in 
all directions, setting the house on fire in a dozen 
different places, smashing half my crockery (the ta- 
ble was set for dinner), and playing hob generally. 
A stampede followed, of course. Ham Chamber- 
layne tripped him up, seized one leg ; old Kelley, of 
the Fredericksburg Herald^ seized the other, and 
away they both went out of different windows, car- 
rying the sashes with them and landing twenty feet 
out in the yard. The Commodore, leaping after 
them, gave chase to the first men he saw, who 
chanced to be Bishop Gibbons and Dr. Erasmus 
Powell, the greatest specialist of the age. Off 
they sped through the well-house, the Commodore 
not two feet behind them. Blind with rage, the 
Commodore missed the gate (a happy circumstance)^ 
and smash went the well-house, down went the Com- 
modore, kicking and fighting as he fell, knocking 
out the stones and destroying the well forever, but 
entombing himself at the same time. He kept kick- 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 311 

ing though, and at last accounts was gradually work- 
ing his way through to the other side of the earth, 
producing earthquakes, eclipses, tidal-waves, and 
Asiatic cholera at various points as he went along.* 

Order was soon restored, and dinner was served 
without delay, for the sun was setting, and we were 
as hungry as silkworms. As I entered the dining- 
room, that capital major-domo^ Charley B. Oliver, 
came in with a big bowl of superb egg-nog. John 
Dabney, through another door, brought a bowl of 
apple-toddy (Tom Wynne's pattern), and Gerot fol- 
lowed with some other delicious mixed French some- 
thing or other. In one corner Bishop Cummings 
and Mr. Latane were discussing pedobaptism with 
Innes Randolph and Jimmy Pegram (Jim was fat), 
while in the other Mr. Sprigg and Dr. Staples were 
presenting copies of the Bible to T. W. McMahon 
and Horace Greeley. Just then Mosby, Wirt Har- 
rison, Lorentz, and Kellam, of the Auditor's office, 
came in with four or five scuttles (they were sweet 
and clean) of smoking Tom and Jerry. Dr. Bastian, 
Huxley, and J. 0. Southall protested that a cold pro- 
toplasmic smash was the thing, and Lubbock (Sir 
John), a little tipsy I thought, called vociferously 
for a prehistoric stone-fence, but their voices were 
lost in the general uproar of talk. People continued 
to come ; some I knew intimately, others not so well, 

* The terrestrial eructations at Bald Mountain immediately 
after this event were peculiarly severe, distiUing ceased, and 
many Hard-shell Tarheel souls were saved for a few days, and it 
is to be hoped permanently. 



312 WHAT I DID WITH 

but all were warmly welcomed. I could hear the 
clatter of the swingletrees and the clink of the 
trace-chains of arriving vehicles on all sides of the 
yard. 

It was a dinner indeed — such a dinner — Aunt 
Polly's supreme triumph. We had a Royal Bengal 
ash-cake, as big as the head of a flour-barrel, no col- 
lard leaf about it, the print of the cook's fingers still 
there, and a few cinders clinging to the crust in spite 
of careful washing. We had a sublime turkey and 
a ham that quieted all longings for immortality — all 
present longings, I mean. We had some pot-liquor 
with dumplings, a cotopaxic Brunswick stew, vege- 
tables of various degrees, 'coon cutlets, some bread 
— ^also forks — some eggs, many numerous eggs — and 
knives — some eggs, and a joint of conic sections 
garnished with Greek roots, for the benefit of Harry 
Estell and Tom Price — and eggs, plenty of knives 
and gravy — with the fif '-finest wuh, wuh-ine, wine 
(I said wine) sent me from Oscar Jones's by Cha' — 
Charles Cranz — ^and eggs. 

A fine — good — elegant — f uf ' — fine dinner. 

I sat at the foot of the table, with my cousin Billy 
Ivvins (when did he come?) and George Eliot on my 
right, and E. S. Gregory and Bill M. Thackeray on 
my left. Herbert Spencer sat at the head, with 
Tarquin the Proud on one side and George Dabney 
Wooten on the other — a supp'-lendid comp'ny. I 
could hear the swingletrees of more a coming, and I 
was glad. I had plenty. 

They toasted me. Everybody was kind, and 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 313 

toasted. "Dear, good, generous old Moses — we'll 
never leave you — we wo-won't go ho '." 

My dry old heart was suffused with bliss. At last 
I had what I wanted — ^love, aflTection, good fellow- 
:ship, people that really cared for me and enjoyed 
being with me. I was very happy. 

I stood up to reply. The last rays of the setting 
rfiun shone through the windows (we had pasted fool- 
scap over the broken panes) and shed a glory over 
the scene. The room was warm and rather close — 
too much wood on the fire. I stood up to respond. 
They were all dead men — they could not fool me — 
and if there was one thing I wanted to see in this 
world more than another it was a dead man, and here 
they were by the score, and more coming, kept com- 
ing. I could hear my big gate slamming as they 
-drove through. 

And they all looked at me with the look I had 
seen in the eyes of the friends of my childhood, and 
they had promised to stay with me and look at me 
that way all the time. It was great joy, exceeding 
^reat. I stood up to second the — to reply. I was 
in heaven, a lowly corner or sub-cellar of heaven, it 
was true, but delightful, and I knew that when this 
foolishness was past, friends still nearer and dearer, 
male and female, were close at hand without, wait- 
ing to welcome me. I was so happy. 

As I rose up to reply and looked into the beaming 
and affectionate eyes of my friends, a rosy mist filled 
the room, the table (Spiro Zetelle, sitting on a piano- 
Btool in the middle in place of the pyramid of candied 



314 WHAT I DID WITH 

oranges, directed the feast with a silver-mounted i 
baton borrowed from Ambold) the table stretched, 
out; Herbert Spencer and Dabney Wooton receded 
in the dim sweet distance ; I could hear my muffled 
voice following them as they vanished — and — I 
pledge you my word (as William Waller used to say 
in Lynchburg, with his coat sleeves pushed back and 
showing his cuffs), I pledge you my word, I went 
fast asleep standing up at my own table ! 

[Poor old Moses! Tight is not the word — it is 
too harsh — much too harsh. — Ed, Whig.] 



FIFTEENTH INSTALLMENT. 

In GordonsviUe. — Grand Triangular Bob SuUy Hotel. — Fried 
Chicken and Hard-boiled Eggs in Effigy. — Vast Gongs. — Sto- 
fers, Frys, Scotts, Ghapmans, Eincheloes, etc. — The Sphynx. 
— Adams a Nuisance. — Sent to Poor- House. — Death. — Burial 
and Obituary. — The End. 

WHEN I came to myself I was in GordonsviUe.. 
How I got there nobody would ever tell me. 
1 had done a great deal for that place. By paring 
down Smith's mountain I managed to elevate the 
general level of the town, so that a man could go 
down into his cellar to get his little frosted turnip 
and his little withered carrot without wading up to 
his neck in water. Whereupon the place grew won- 
derfully. I had the satisfaction of seeing the streets 
stretch out almost to Mr. HaxalPs, and a succession 
of palatial stores with large pane windows, and oc- 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 31 5» 

cupied by a relay of solid firms of Brotherton, Bros. 
& Bro., Cousinton, Cousins & Co., Nephewson,. 
Nephews & No. (abb. for nobody else), all disposing 
of full lines of goods, bads, and indifferents to the- 
people of Madison and Greene. Also, there was a to- 
bacco factory and a patent plow-helve-handle studio. I- 
fitted up the railroad junction or Y, and erected, 
thereupon a mighty triangular hotel, covering the 
whole space of the Y, and twelve stories high, with 
four mansard roofs, and surmounted by a tower 
higher than that of the Tribune building, on the top- 
of which stood a prodigious figure of Mercury, like 
that on the custom-house at Venice, resting on tip- 
toe, holding a big hard-boiled egg in one hand and 
a huge fried chicken-leg in the other. It was an in- 
teresting tower, and was noticed a good deal. Peo- 
ple came up from the Pizen-fields in ox-carts and on 
water barrels, in sledges drawn b}^ fiercely tail-twisted 
and pepper-podded yearlings, and camped over against 
it to admire it. 

From Green Springs, from far Cobham, from dis- 
tant Pittsylvania, and remote Fluvanna came wan- 
derers, who stayed till the indolentest flies built webs 
in their gaping mouths. In junks, dug-outs, and 
double canoes many Chinese and cannibals arrived 
to enjoy the grandeur and repose of the Bob Sully 
hotel, as it was called. South Americans sailed up 
from the tops of the Andes on the backs of condors^, 
fifteen feet from tip to tip. Pardigon came up on a 
fresh bicycle or velocipede without drawing rein or 
halting for water. It was so large a house that the^ 



316 WHAT I DID WITH 

three sides had to be kept by three different people. 
Tip Jennings kept one side, Snowden Yates kept the 
other, and Colonel C. T. Crittenden kept the third. 
The rivalry was so great that they had to be kept well, 
And they were kept well, yea, splendidly. Lovers of 
good eating and good drinking (Jimmy Keagy had 
three bar-rooms on each side, or nine in all, and 
All large) rushed from every car to get a meal there. 
The roar of trains and the shriek of locomotives 
never ceased day or night. Each landlord kept a 
gong twelve feet in diameter and run by steam going 
all the time. This excited the atmosphere and re- 
freshed the arriving passengers. Many of the largest 
negroes amiably solicited your patronage and praised 
his side of the triangle. Digges had forty odd wheat 
fans, which blew out his land circulars by the one 
hundred thousand. Gordonsville was a lively place. 
A great many people came there to get something 
good to eat. The Sphynx got up out of the sand, 
flirted farewell with her tail to the Pyramid of 
Cheops, crossed the seas, landed at Only near Onan- 
cock, inquired for Henry A. Wise, waded Chesapeake 
bay, cut her feet with oyster shells, came up to Gor- 
donsville by way of Centre-Cross and Milford on four 
stilts, called for two dozen griddled riddles, couldn't 
get them, died of inanition, died on the platform 
near the ticket oflSce, was quarried on the spot, and 
her remains turned into a poor-house. 

1 was absolutely penniless,* but a descendant of 

* A great change had come to pass. The earth had passed 
through the tail of Dill*s comet (discovered by Mr. Joseph Dill, 



MY FIFTY MILLIONS. 31T 

Fatty Dunn generously took care of me. From* 
side to side of the triangular hotel I pottered with 
my cane from early dawn till dark, worrying every- 
body by telling what I had done for Virginia, and 
especially for the County of Orange. Being a smalt 
and very pretty county, I had, at not very great cost,, 
made throughout its length and breadth a perfect 
system of macadamized roads, so admirably built 
that for very many years, indeed up to the time of 
my death, they did not need one dollar's worth of 
repairs. Population flowed in immediately, the 
major part of the new-comers being men of wealth 
from England and the North, who filled the whole 
county with most beautiful residences. Every farm 
was a picture, every turn of the landscape a delight. 
All of my friends joined Tom Wallace in land 
speculation, and prospered immensely. Their families 
increased. There were Burgesses on every hill-top,. 
A. F. Stofers in every valley, a profusion of Phil 
Frys and Phil Barbours, a world of William Henry 
Chapmans, cords of W. W. and Wick Scotts, Abe 
Houseworths in abundance, Kincheloes in quantity, 
and Eckloflfs without end; say nothing of all the 
other families, especially Dr. Grymes's and Mrs. 



tobacco manvfactnrer and astronomer of Hichmond), producing 
strange effects. Among others, the appetite for stimulants and 
narcotics of eyerj kind had been absolutely destroyed — men 
drank water only, and the need of most medicines oeased. A 
terrible shrinkage in values followed, inyolying the financial 
world in the greatest disasters. My investments were in opium 
plantations in India. Of course I was irretrievably ruined. 



318 WHAT I DID WITH 

Ball's. And yet none of these people would be- 
lieve that I had ever lifted a finger for Virginia or 
Orange County. They did not so much as know my 
name — had never heard of me. At last I became 
such a nuisance on the platform, button-holed people 
so and spluttered in their faces so that they sent me 
to the poor-house, and put me in the care of a bad- 
tempered old pauper woman, who abused me, and 
scratched me until my face resembled the old Ameri- 
can flag a half-mast in a calm. And there one day 
I died of a surfeit of cornfield peas. 

The only notice made of me in the Gordonsville 
Gazette^ edited by Drinkard,* was this: 

" Moses Adams, a pauper, died at the poor-house 
yesterday soon after dinner. He was very old — said 
to be upwards of one hundred — and labored under 
the delusion that he had been enormously rich. His 
knowledge of grammar was defective." 

At my request they buried me in the middle of 
the road. It was a good road, and I had the satis- 
faction of knowing that every day some jolly party 
would pass over my head on the way to a good eat- 
ing-place — the place they call Phil Jones's. 

* Great-grandson of W. F. Drinkard, a powerful and unoom- 
passionate etymological, meteorological Bichmond DUpatehut of 
.a long previous period. 



¥OZIS GOES TO THE GUV^NEB'S BALL.* 



"TS you a goin?" she remarkt. 

JL And I sais, severe, ''Madam," I sais, "that's 
a pritty questun. Bef o I were married I had plenty 
11V clothes, but now " 

" You has sich luvly childun," she anserd, tryin to 
suthe my rath. 

"Yes," I sais, "and so menny uv um. Nine is 
•enuf . But I can't war nun uv um to the Guv'ner's 
ball ; a charmin dress suit they'd make, hung round 
my neck, wouldn't they ?" 

" Never mine," she sais, sweetly ; " I'll fix you." 

So when nite cum, aiid I got hoam frum the 
Treddygy, whar I wux as a pudler in the furnis, lo 
and behole! thar wuz a nise black suit. I got mad 
as fier. Sais I, " You're dun gone and spent a year's 
wages on your foolishniss. I've got a good mine 
to " 

"Shet yo' mouth," she sais, and laid her blessid 
hand on the cussin orryfiss. 

. "Why!" I ixclaimed, "this is the kote Jimkins 
lent me three munths ago; the pants and vess is 
-good, but the kote — consoun it! — is that slik you 

* A very handsome entertainment given in the winter of 1871, 
.by Governor G. C. Walker. 



320 MOZIS GOES TO THE GUV NEb'b BALL. 

kin see yo face in the lappels." And I were fit to 
cry with raige. 

" Be eezy," she sais ; " I'm a gointer ink it." 

" Ink, thunderation and green lightnin !" I blazed 
out. 

But just then a noble and beautiful lady cum in 
to help fix my fo-fifths up, and they sent me doun 
into the kitchin. I left um a inkin Jimkins' kote, 
my hart very hevvy. 

My cook are a culled lady, name Mrs. Baxter. 
She don't like nobody to cum in her kitchin. I 
apoUygized humbly, but she said nuthin, but nockt 
over all the pots and pans that wuz handy to her 
feet, and I set doun under a ringin wet garmint on 
a klothes line, and let it dreen and dreen doun the 
back uv my nake in peace. Mrs. Baxter knocked 
over another pan. I got ixsited, but darsn't say a 
word to her; so I went to the door and bawled: 
" How 'bout that kote ?" 

The answer cum down cheerful : " Gittin' on finely." 

I felt better, ontwell a nigger man with a lerned 
arr and a spellin book in his hand cum in, and said, 
— ^he drawed it long throo his nose, — " Laady, a 
goo-ood eva-ning to you-oo. How is you-oo this-ah 
eva-ning-ah, my littel lam' ? Has you got yo lessin, 
this eav-ning-ah ?" 

She hilt her frock in one hand and a di&h kloth in 
the uther, and curtchin doun to the very fioor, she 
said, lookin savidge at me, " I thanky, no ; I hasn't 
got it yet." 

Then, pintin at me, she says : " Eevrunt Darkter 



M0ZI8 GOES TO THE GUV NER 8 BALL. 321 

Brown, this ar the white man whar I livs with ; take 
a cheer." 

Eevrnnt Darkter Brown set down, and he glared 
at me like he wisht I wuz in hell, coz I coodn't spell 
well. 

Mrs. Baxter then nockt over anuther pot. 

I jumpt up, riisht to the door, and shouted, " How 
bout that kote ?" 

" Ink takin finely ; you wouldn't know the kote." 

I set down agin, silunt but ruther mad. Eevrunt 
Darkter Brown, he were silunt, too. But Mrs. 
Baxter she took it upon herself to nock over mo 
pots and pans than ever. 

It were mo than I cood bar ; I had dun stood enuf . 

I riz. 

Sais I, " Mrs. Baxter, I'm afeerd uv you, but I'll 
be teetotally dadshimed if you make anuther speck 
uv nois ef I don't job you up that stove, and ram ^ 
Eevrunt Darkter Brown in arfter you. 

Eev. Brown, he left. 

Mrs. Baxter, she shet up. 

Then they hollered for me to cum up stars. 

As fur the kote, it wuz like new ; but as fur my 
wife, she wuz luvly. All the gearls in the naborhood 
wuz a gazin at her with envy. 

I went for her like a loblolly member for a rale- 
rode charter. 

Then they all farly yelled : " Stop ! don't tech her, 
you'll derange her har." 

"Derange her har !" I sais. "I be dog ef it ain't 
ravin distracted now, with all them ar qurly kews.'^ 

11—21. 



>«««?, 



322 M0ZI8 GOES TO THE GUV'NEB'B BALL. 

And she lookt so pritty, I went for her agin, 
wanten to kiss her. But the beautiful lady who had 
fixt her up so nicely heistid a shuvel and hilt me off 
at arm's lenth, and I had to giv it up for the pre- 
zint. 

The walkin bein bad, I hired a dray, put two 3 
legg stools in it, and we went comfortable and in 
stile, I tell you. 

The Guv'ner's house wuz lit up brillyunt. Every- 
thing wuz trewly magnifersent, and mo grand ladies 
and distinguisht men than thar is in the whole worl. 
I thot so, enyhow. I didn't feel skeerd much till I 
thot about Jimkin's kote, and then I wuz afeerd to 
stand sideways or any other ways, leest them shiny 
places mout be seen; and every feller that lookt 
hard at me I got mad at him. 

But the fust thing I knowd I was interduced to 
the Guv'ner himself. 

And I raised my eyes and kep on a raisin uv um 
twill at last I got to the top uv him, and I sais out 
loud, in the ixsitement u v the momunt, I sais : " Well ! 
if you ain't a good lookin man, like Soil the King of 
Izreel, I don't know." 

He lafft, and so did evrybody else; and then I 
were interdused to a sweet littel lady by his side. 
Not knowin how to opin conversashun very well, I 
sais : " Mrs. Guv'ner, did you know this were Jim- 
kins' ole kote I got on ? We all inkt it to-night, 
and I kin tell you how you kin fix up the Guv'ner's 
old kotes good as bran new, and won't charge you 
nuthin, neethen" 



M0ZI8 GOES TO THE GUV'nEb'b BALL. 323 

Pepul lafft agin, but Mrs. Guv'ner lookt like she 
didn take no intrus in inkin kotes, which gin me the 
bad grin that bad that I were rejoiced when a feller 
with red beerd and spektikles snatched up my wife 
and carried her off to jine in the dance. 

Thar I wuz, in the middle of Jimkins' kote, all by 
myself — for the crowd had pusht me away from the 
Guv'ner's party — and feelin like I wisht I wuz at 
home with Mrs. Baxter. But the musick uv the 
band, the bright lights, the fine dressed ladies and 
the onhappy men agin the walls that didn't know 
nobody and didn't dance, soon put me at my eeze 
agin. Sich fine dresses, great king! Talk about 
Eichmund being po? Much po! Thar wuz enuf 
silk, satten, velvit, lace, jewelry, preshers stones and 
tricks uv all kines in that ball room to bild a dubbil 
all-rale ar line from here to Washintun and back 
agin, at 3 cent pur passinjur pur mile or utherwise. 
The har and the tranes uv the ladies wuz beyond 
•expreshun — thar wuz so much uv both. You could 
klothe a orfan asylum with the tranes alone. And 
whut wuz funnyest uv all, the wimmin wuz drest 
behind mo'n they wuz befo', and kep you all the 
time lookin the rong way fur their face. 

The wimmin wuz supurb^and some uv um the 
thickist thoo the chist, formin a natural shelf that 
you might uv set a keroseen lamp on it. They wuz 
put up about right ; but a good menny uv the men, 
I must say, wuz finnikin, like they lackt nurrishment 
in the legs. And when they got to huggin each 
other, and a prancin up and down, I knowd for the 



324 MOZIS GOES TO THE GUV'nER'b BALL. 

first time why balls wuz called balls. Bouncin up 
and down in the round dances is the cause uv it. I 
never seed the like befo. 

Seein sights always givs me a good appytite. I'm 
naturally harty, enyway. When I couldn't stand it 
any longer, I jess upt and went to the Guv'ner, and 
sais : " Guv'ner, I'm so eturnally hongry I can't see." 

" Heish I" he says ; " thar's the grand march. Now,, 
go and eet a heap." 

So me and Mrs. Me we went. 

Such a supper table I nuvver see, and nuvver ex- 
pect to see agin. Everything in the worl to eet,. 
dun up in the tastiest stile, and perrymids, kastlesy 
ships and stacks uv candy and orringis till yo hed 
literally swum. Thar wuz a ice-pond uv candy ice^ 
and pebbil stones uv candy under the candy ice,, 
which certny did beat all. Me and Mrs. Me got a 
tip-top place, with a big bowl uv punch behind us 
and that ar sublime table in frunt; and I eet and 
drinkt till Mrs. Me got shamed uv me, temed her 
back, and wouldn't own me. But I owned that ar 
tabil and that ar bowl, and I didn't keer. I eet 12: 
even plates uv chicken sallet aloan, and harf a gallua 
uv punch at the very leest. 

Everybody wuz happy, and I wuz mo happier 
than eny uv um. I giv a good ole nigger man a ten 
cent to keep my punch gobler filled, and he dun it. 
My hart swelled within me. I luved the whole 
human family. The wimmin wuz prittier and 
twice't as menny as befo. Everybody did enjoy 
themself so, and it dun me good to see um. 



M0ZI8 GOES TO THE GUV NEk's BALL. 325 

Mrs. Me said twuz time to go. 

I didn't think so, but the word uv command had 
passed, and I gulft one mo gobler uv punch and went. 

I did feel so good all over. And when I cum to 
take leave uv Mrs. Guv'ner, I seized her with both 
hands, and sais: "Mrs. Guv'ner, you is a good 
woman. This ar the gloriousest house I were ewer 
in. To cook is a heap better cook than Mrs. Baxter. 
I'm a gointer git me a new kote 'thout no ink on it, 
i,nd dine dinner with you evry day. God bless you, 
Mrs. Guv'ner, for ever and for ever. God keep and 
save and presurve you, thou luvly and beluv ." 

Just then sumthin or sumboddy ketcht me by the 
ear, and I got home quicker'n a sealed car could go 
throo Virginny to Fillydelfy. 

Mrs. Me, she wuz solium, mighty solium, the next 
jnomin. 

But that wuz the best gaim uv ball that ever I 
played, by a long shot. 



YOMTOWN AND APPOMATTOX.^ 



YOEKTOWN! Appomattox !— names fuU of 
meaning, full of interest for mankind! Gra- 
ven upon the map of one and the self -same State, 
that State the oldest of American Commonwealths, 
these deep- cut names will bear the wash and erosion 
of ages. Titles more sounding there may be on his- 
tory's page, but none of greater import. They will 
live while man lives on this planet. They tell the- 
fateful ending of two wars, in which the welfare of 
the human race was concerned, as much so as at 
Platea or Marathon — the first a struggle between 
mother and daughter, the second between brothers^ 
Not alien but kindred blood was spilt in both these 
wars ; and that, too, has its meaning. But, after all, 
was not this blood shed in vain? Was the tragic 
game worth its cost? Let us see. Let us calmly 
look at it, and first from the material side. 

To say least, the stake was large. "Oregon is 
bigger than England, California about the size of 
Spain, and Texas larger than France, if France had 
won the frontier of the Khine. The United States- 

* Delivered at TrentoD, New Jersey, by invitation, on Decern- 
ber 19, 1882. This was the last time Dr. Bagby ever spoke in 
public. His health failed utterly shortly afterwards, and the end 
came in less than a year. 



YOEKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 327 

would make fifty-two kingdoms as large as England, 
fourteen empires as large as France. From New 
York to San Francisco is further than from Paris to 
Bagdad. The Thames is navigable 90, the Seine 
200, the Ehine 550 miles; from the Gulf of Mexico 
to Foi:t Snelling, the Mississippi and Missouri, vir- 
tually one stream, are ploughed by steamers 2,131 
miles. All the waters in the Swiss, Italian, English, 
Irish, Scotch, and German lakes would not perceptibly 
add to the floods of Lake Michigan. A kingdom like 
Saxony, a principality like Parma, a duchy like Co- 
burg, if thrown in one heap into Lake Superior, 
might add an island or two to its beauty, but would 
be no more conspicuous in its vast expanse than one 
of the pretty islets that adorn Loch Lomond." From 
the mouth of the St. Croix, in Maine, to Cape Flat- 
tery, in Oregon, is 2,744 miles — our width ; from the 
forty-ninth parallel to the Rio Grande is 1,588 
miles — our length. The Roman Empire, in the 
second century, A. D., extended, east to west, 51 de- 
grees, or 2,700 miles, with an average breadth of 15 
degrees, or about 1,000 miles. The Rocky Moun- 
tain region at its base is as broad as was the Roman 
Empire in the zenith of its power. 

Truly a great estate, and well worth fighting for. 
Arrange the figures as we may in the brain, contrast 
our own with other countries in any manner we 
choose, we get but a poor picture, a symbolical con- 
ception, of its magnitude. In the Governor's oflSce 
at Richmond hangs the Centennial map of the 
United States, one of the largest yet printed — say 



328 YOBKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

ten feet by twelve. As the eye slowly makes its 
way from the Atlantic over the many States, each 
equal to a European kingdom, and ail thickly dotted 
with towns and villages, until at length the Pacific is 
reached, we do indeed seem to take in the grandeur 
of the Republic ; and it is with a start that we come 
back to the fact that we are but looking at a piece of 
colored paper that occupies a part of the wall of one 
room. 

A vast estate ! Yes, but in mere area we are sur- 
passed by the British Empire, by Russia, and by 
China. Other things being equal, size indicates 
power ; but were Asia and Africa united under one 
government, they would not stand for as much as 
Holland did when Holland withstood Philip of Spain, 
or as the single city of Venice when her sails whit- 
ened every sea, say nothing of Athens in the time 
of Socrates, or Jerusalem when the Prince of Peace 
went scourged to the Mount of Crucifixion. Land 
and water, factors of national greatness, are made so 
only by the men who inhabit them. Were Caribs 
or Patagonians the heritors of the property left us 
by the men of York town, what would it amount to? 
Thank heaven we are not Caribs ; we are sons of pat- 
riots and heroes, the foremost race of the world. 
The domain purchased by their courage and their 
suffering is worthy of them and of us, not only in its 
size, but in its structure as well. Very peculiar is 
this American estate, and unlike any other on the 
globe. Let us examine it a little more closely. 

The North American rivers show by their courses 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 329 

that this continent is concave toward the sky; Eu- 
rope and Asia, on the contrary, are convex. Their 
Tivers flow in arery direction from a central eleva- 
tion ; ours seek a central depression.* And what is 
-the meaning of that? There are many meanings, 
fbut the most obvious is, that gravity, acting upon 
men as upon water, in Europe and Asia causes their 
dispersion, in America their concentration. From 
.that follows social and political union; so that we 
.may say, not in mere figure of speech but in truth, 
that secession was defeated when the foundations of 
the world were laid. 

See how irresistibly the force of gravity has pulled, 
and is pulling, toward the basin of the Mississippi I 
In 1790 the centre of population was in eastern 
Maryland; since then, following closely the thirty- 
ninth parallel, it has travelled westward 450 miles, 
.and is now in Kentucky, eight miles west by south 
of the heart of Cincinnati. In the ten years from 
1870 to 1880 it travelled fifty-one miles west. A 
few more decades of such progress would carry it 
beyond the Mississippi. Mr. Henry Gannett, of the 
•Census Bureau, is of opinion that it will never cross 
that river,t but he is mistaken. He has not rightly 
•counted the human flood that yearly pours into the 
Northwest, and into Texas. Draper, writing in 
1866-7, says: "Nothing can prevent the Mississippi 
Valley, in less than three generations, from becom- 

* History of the Civil War, by John W. Draper, VoL I., p. 39. 
'^ Priyate letter to the Author. 



330 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

ing the centre of human power," and adds, "Who- 
ever is master of the Mississippi is lord of the conti- 
nent." Is this not true, and is it not full of political 
significance? But for the bullet of Guiteau the 
President's chair would have been filled for four and 
twenty consecutive years by Western men. The* 
great cities — the centres of money, commerce, learn- 
ing — are in the East, but power is already throned 
in the West. 

The Mississippi Yalley, the owners of which are 
to be lords of the continent, better than any other 
part of our territory shows the productive value of 
the immense possessions to which we have fallen 
heir. It is made up of three mighty planes, the first 
of which gently slopes from the Rocky Mountains 
to the Mississippi river ; the second descends from 
the Appalachian chain to the same river; and these 
two are shut in by a third great plane descending 
from the north. 

The valley embraced by these three planes is equal 
in area to all of Europe, except Russia, Norway and 
Sweden, occupying 2,445,000 square miles, and it 
has three passes or gateways, to wit : the Mississippi 
river, the St. Lawrence, and the south pass of the- 
Rocky Mountains, with a postern at the mouth of the 
Hudson in New York.* Its productiveness may be 
judged by a small section, the Blue Limestone or 
Blue Grass region of Kentucky, 10,000 square miles,. 
6,400,000 acres in extent, which is double the wheat 

♦Draper, ffist. of Civil War, pp. 41-42, Vol. L 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 331 

acreage of England, and which, under imperfect 
farming, is capable of producing without manure as 
much per acre as the average of high farming in 
England. Yet Kentucky is as nothing compared to 
the Northwest, where whole States are but continu- 
ous wheat and corn-fields. Put in the briefest form, 
the total area of Europe, aside from Russia, is a little 
over 1,500,000 square miles, a million square miles 
less than the area of the Mississippi Yalley. With 
reason may we declare our territory great, not only 
in extent, but in fertility as well. Heritage so wide, 
so unbroken, so rich, was never before given to the 
sons of men. And this vast property is as yet in the 
beginning of its development. Well may we pause 
and gravely consider the duties its immensity entails. 
Happily for us, it is not now as it was in the days of 
Pascal, when rivers and mountain chains served as 
barriers to divide and separate people distinct in lan- 
guage, religion, laws. The Mississippi divides geo- 
graphically, but binds commercially; it is, so to 
speak, the mid-rib of the continental leaf, and the 
course of its affluents, notably of the Tennessee,, 
serves still further to bind the States in indissoluble 
union, as the Confederates found to their cost during 
the late war. Mr. Lincoln, you will remember, hu- 
morously declared that his stern-wheel gunboats 
could run wherever the ground was a little damp — 
convincing proof that whoever is owner of the Mis- 
sissippi and its tributaries is lord of the continent. 

But we have not yet summed up the elements of 
power which were bought for us by our Revolution- 



332 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

ary sires. Far from it. We have put down only 
s. few of the principal items. The details are beyond 
computation, but the increase in population clearly 
• enough indicates the wealth and strength to which 
we tend. The flag of England has braved the battle 
and the breeze for a thousand years ; if the banner of 
the stars should wave as long, or half as long, what 
will be our numbers, our power? 

In one of the many books printed at the time of 
our Centennial Exposition, an attempt is made to 
forecast the future of our population. The writer 
takes, as he thinks, every precaution to guard against 
an overestimate, allows for a decrease in immigration 
and in births, and what are his figures? In 1970, 
Boston will number 1,720,000 souls; Baltimore, 
1,025,000; Oincmnati, 2,600,000; Chicago, 3,700,- 
000; Norfolk, Portsmouth, and Gosport, 152,000; 
Petersburg, Ya., 84,000 ; Richmond, 300,600 ; New 
Orleans, 625,000; St. Louis, 3,398,350; San Fran- 
Cisco, 1,356,200; Philadelphia, 13,000,000; New 
York, 18,000,000. The total population of the 
United States will be 474,011,000! Is that far 
above the mark? Put it down, then, at half; and 
say, if you can, what this country will be when it 
contains 230,000,000 or 240,000,000 of the most 
restless and energetic race the sun in its course ever 
;shone upon ? It is this that gives us pause, that sets 
the brain awhirl, and stills the heart when we look 
:at the Centennial map of the United States. All the 
rspace now blank will then be filled in, except per- 
liaps the alkaline deserts and the "bad lands" of the 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 33? 

West, and no man can tell what irrigation, forest cul- 
ture, and advancing science may do even for them. 
For every city we now see, there will be ten; for 
every town, twenty; for every village, forty. So 
thick will be the web of railways, telegraphs, and 
telephones, that, like the arterial and nervous systems 
of the human body, they alone will define the form 
of the continent. Add to this seething mass of hu- 
manity, rushing in all directions over electric rail- 
ways, and incessantly conversing from end to end of 
the Republic by wire, the stimulus of a thousand in- 
ventions not yet dreamed of, and consider the result. 
No wonder the heart stops, the head reels — that in 
lieu of pride there comes an awe, a terror, as of one 
who sees the sun with all its fiery envelopes in tumul- 
tuous ferment and commotion. Forty years ago, in 
the flush of our national youth, we heard on every 
side that " the universal Yankee nation was the great- 
est in creation." K it were true then, it is truer 
now — ^much truer, since Appomattox has come and 
gone; but we boast no longer. It is with us as a 
nation as with individual men when once the tenure 
of their wealth and power is assured. The money 
indeed may own the man, he may grovel at the feet 
of his millions in worship as abject, senseless and de- 
basing as ever a savage paid to his fetish ; but if the 
man own his money and be a man of soul, he feels 
that his needs are few, that display is vulgar and be- 
littling, and holds his millions in solemn trust for the 
welfare of mankind. So with ourselves. We are 
too rich to be vain, too strong to be aught but gen- 



'334: YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

lie, held to responsibilities too vast not to be sobered 
and well-nigh saddened. Giant of nations, charged 
with the interests of the human race, what can we 
^o but walk humbly and peacefully to the mighty 
tasks imposed upon us ? 

How quickly, and, as it were, in spite of ourselves, 
(We have risen from the contemplation of the mere 
surface of our continent and its material advantages 
to the consideration of higher things, to the highest 
of all things^-duties ! Not what we are, or what 
we shall be in years to come, but what we owe our 
fellow-man. Not our wealth or our power, but the 
weight of obligation which our wealth and power 
impose upon us. So close to the physical lies the 
spiritual world ! 

The greater our inheritance, the greater our debt 
to posterity; and if at Yorktown our fathers gave 
us a property such as no people ever before received, 
or can ever again receive, our debts must needs be 
commensurately greater than any people ever before 
,owed, or can owe again. Our talent cannot be hid 
in a napkin. For, look you, it was not merely a 
continent that our fathers left us, but a world, a new 
world — ^new in its virgin soil, its wild woods, its un- 
curbed waters; new in its institutions; an unsullied 
page, whereon to write what history we pleased. 
H^ot until a path through the skies to some unin- 
habited planet is discovered can there be another 
vsuch gift as ours. There are no more new worlds. 
Africa is in a sense new, but for the purposes of 
civilization and human advancement it might as well 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 335 

jiot be at all. Here in America, in North America, 
in its temperate zone, fitted to the highest and most 
progressive race, here, and here alone, the problem 
of human destiny is to be solved. And now we 
<5atch, do we not, a glimpse of the deeper meaning 
-of Yorktown ? We shall return to it again. 

Looking to Canada and Australia, and seeing their 
-quiet development and their devotion to the Crown, 
BO great in the case of Canada that, as Alexander 
Forbes tells us, it is the practice to conclude all 
public gatherings with singing "God save the 
Queen," the question arises, "What occasion was 
4;here'for the Revolutionary war? Why might not 
the blood and treasure then expended have been 
saved?" The sunshine is so bright that we forget 
the cloud that overshadowed us. but a moment ago. 
Such peace and freedom are in the world to-day that 
it requires strong effort to recall the bloodshed and 
oppression that existed in the time of our fathers. 
In passing from Europe to America, mankind passed 
not only into a new world physically, but into a 
world of new ideas. Our thoughts are wholly un- 
like the thoughts that had mastery two hundred 
years ago. Had they then been broached, they 
would scarcely have been comprehended. The com- 
monplaces of liberty, the axioms, so to speak, of 
free thought and free speech, accepted now as funda- 
mental political truths, had then been barely pro- 
ipounded. Kingly power and authority; what do 
.they amount to now? They have the far-away 
sound of old delusions and superstitions, yet they 



336 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

were very real, very dreadful in 1700. The condi- 
tion of the common people at that time will hardly 
bear telling. "As one vif ws Europe in the early 
part of the last century, the landscape is awful — 
wretched wastes, beggarly and plundered; half- 
burned cottages, and trembling peasants gathering 
piteous harvests; gangs of such peasants tramping 
with bayonets behind them, and corporals with canes 
and cat-o'-nine- tails to flog them to barracks." * The 
Duke of Hanover jovially sold 6,700 of his subjects 
to the Seigniory of Venice, to fight in the Morea, 
and only 1,400 of them ever came home again.. 
"The German princes^" says Thackeray, grimly, 
" sold a good deal of this kind of stock." In France, 
the proudest and most ancient gentry did menial 
service for the king — who should carry his candle 
when he went to bed; what prince of the blood 
should hold his shirt when his Most Christian 
Majesty changed that garment! They actually 
squabbled and almost fought over it. One is dis- 
gusted. "George the II. shook his fist in the face 
of his courtiers, and called everybody thief, liar,, 
rascal, with whom he differed. Frederick the 
Great's father knocked down his sons, daughters, 
and officers of state, and kidnapped big men all over 
Europe^ to make grenadiers of. Mr. Pitt went down 
on his gouty knees to George II.; and when George 
III. spoke a few kind words to him. Lord Chatham 
burst into tears of reverential joy and gratitude, so- 
awful was the idea of a monarch, so great the dis- 

* Thackery, " George the First." 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 337 

tinctions of rank in those days." In France, the 
will of one ni;an controlled a starving army, and im- 
posed taxes upon unprivileged classes ; religion itself 
was subservient to the Crown. The word of Louis 
XY. could dissolve parliaments as ancient as the 
French monarchy itself.* When, in the reign of 
Louis XIY., the Duke of Burgundy propounded the 
axiom that kings existed for the good of the people, 
and not the people for the good of kings, St. Simon, 
a courtier by no means servile, and an enlightened 
man for his age, was " delighted with the benevolence 
of the saying, but startled by its novelty and terrified 
by its boldness." t 

How could the human mind be rescued from the 
tyranny of such ideas otherwise than by the rude 
shock of arms? Possibly the slow growth of better 
and wiser thoughts might in time have supplanted 
these ideas, but war hastened and perhaps perfected 
the process. Sudden blows oftentimes effect what 
gentle pulling would for ever fail to accomplish. 
Yery cruel, but very necessary, is the surgery of war* 
Compared with the oppressions to which the French 
and German peasants were subjected, the burthens 
our fathers bore, and which caused them to rebel, 
were trifling. The wrongs recited in the famous 
Declaration of Independence showed large on paper ; 
but the original grievance, taxation without* repre- 
sentation, had been abandoned before the war began. 
Our fathers rebelled because, on touching the New 

* Bancroft's Hist, of U. S., Vol. VII., p. 29. 
t Winwood Eeade, '* Martyrdom of Man." 
II.— 22. 



338 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

World, they became freemen and lords of the soil — 
lords all the more because of the ideas which came 
to them, and could not fail to come to them in con- 
sequence of the magnitude of their domain ! Those 
ideas, doubtless, lay as seed in their minds when they 
came over; the free, sunny air, the wide continent, 
gave them instant and rapid growth. George III., 
so hated by the Americans, was no monster as they 
imagined, but a man of blameless private life, cour- 
ageous, honest ; by odds the best of the four Georges. 
His household, we are told, was the model of an 
English gentleman's household — early, kindly, charit- 
able, frugal, orderly. He fought the American war 
because he believed he was right, and because his 
people wanted him to fight it. Tlie aristocrats op- 
posed him, but he and the people beat them. Burke, 
and Fox, and Pitt, with all their genius and parlia- 
mentary skill, could not withstand him. The vote 
* in 1775 in favor of coercing the colonies was, in the 
Commons, 304 to 105 ; in the House of Lords, 104 
to 29 ! The war, like all wars, was popular. 

In his heart of hearts, George III. believed in the 
divine right of kings. Thousands believed with him. 
Nine-tenths of the tyranny of the world, says the 
great English satirist already quoted, has been per- 
petrated by people who believed themselves to be 
right. But the men who wrote the preamble to the 
Declaration held differently. They believed that 
all men were by nature created free and equal, and 
the only divine right was the inalienable right of the 
people to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. 



YORKTOWN AND APrOMATTOX. 339 

Between these two beliefs there was no middle 
ground ; they were irreconcilably hostile ; one or the 
other must perish, and war was inevitable — it had to 
be. Ideas, beliefs, institutions, perish mainly by the 
sword. That, in eflPect, has been the teaching of 
history, and will continue to be, until the triumph 
of the industrial over the military spirit is complete. 
Here, then, we touch the root of the matter, and 
come upon the deeper meaning of Yorktown — the 
justification of war in general, and of the Revolu- 
tionary war in particular. There was, first, no escape 
from it; and, second, war quickly and thoroughly 
accomplished what otherwise might or might not 
have been brought to pass by slower and less perfect 
processes. We may not agree with Yifctor Cousin 
in saying that eacli nation represents a distinct idea, 
and that in every war the good cause and the better 
idea always prevails. Some wars are meaningless as 
the battles of Homer's frogs and mice; the good 
cause, like the good man, sometimes goes down ; yet 
in the main Cousin is right. " It is not I," he ex- 
claims, "but history, that says war is nothing else 
than the bloody exchange of ideas. * * * If 
war is nothing else than the violent encounter, the 
concussion of the exclusive ideas of different nations, 
in this concussion the idea which shall be most feeble 
will be destroyed by the strongest. Now, the 
strongest idea in an epoch is necessarily that which 
is most in accordance with the spirit itself of this 
epoch. * * * The defeat of a nation that has 
served its time, the victory of a nation that has its 



340 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

time to serve, and is called to empire — ^behold the 
certain and inevitable effect of war." * ^ * * 
" When two armies meet, there is presented a much 
greater spectacle than that from which philanthropy 
turns away her eyes. She sees only thousands of 
men who are about to cut each other down, which is 
surely a great misfortune. But in great battles men 
are not the objects of contention, but causes; the 
opposing spirits of an epoch, the different ideas which 
in an age animate and agitate humanity. Behold 
that which philanthropy does not see, and that which 
has given so much importance, so much interest, so 
much celebrity to battles. Do you know anything 
more renowned than Platea and Salamis? Why? 
Humanity * * * was interested at Platea and 
Salamis: hence the high renown of these two days. 
* * * At Platea there were at stake neither 
places nor men, but the cause, and this cause was 
very great; it was not only the liberty of a few 
tribes, yet half-barbarous, which was staked at 
Platea; there were engaged the past and future of 
the world, the ancient spirit and the new spirit, 
which encountered each other in a bloody manner. 
Victory remained with the new spirit, — ^behold why 
the name of Platea is so full of solemn meaning." * 
" The hazards of war and the diverse fortune of 
combats are spoken of without cessation ; for my own 
part," Cousin continues, " I think there is very little 
chance in war ; the dice are loaded, it seems ; for I 
defy any one to cite me a single game lost by hu- 

* Cousin's Hist. Modom Philosophy, Lect 9th. 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 341 

manity Civilization may receive some check, 

arms are inconstant ; but in the end the advantage, 
the gain, and the honor of the campaign remain to 

it History, with its great events, is nothing 

else than the judgment of God upon humanity. . . . 
War is nothing else than the pronouncing of that 
judgment, and battles its signal promulgation. De- 
feats and the end of a nation are the decrees of civil- 
ization and of God himself in regard to this nation, 
which they declare to be behind the present time, to 
be in opposition to the progress of the world, and, 
consequently, to be blotted out from the book of 
life."* 

The overstatement of a profound truth in these 
citations from Cousin must be pardoned in a philo- 
sopher whose thoughts are tinged by the martial 
spirit of the nation to which he belongs. A French- 
man, he naturally defends war. But, indeed, the 
dice of the gods are loaded, or else the great crises 
of life and of history would not culminate as they 
do. " The decency, firmness, and wisdom " of the 
papers sent to England by the American Congress 
at Philadelphia, which extorted the admiration of 
Chatham and aroused the eloquence of Burke, failed 
to impress the king and his prime minister. What 
fatuity it was in George III. to strike for the shadow 
of kingly authority after the substance was aban- 
doned ; what madness in North, after the repeal of 
the stamp act, to insist upon the tax upon tea ! Is 
not this the hardening of Pharoah's heart again ; is 

* Coasin's Hist Mod. Fhil., Lect, 9th. 



3dt2 YORKTOWN AND APPOMAITOX. 

it not the working of that Unseen Hand which 
shapes the destinies of men ? Take whichever view 
you please, call it Fate or Providence, it does appear 
in the critical moments of individual and national 
life that all things work together for the good or the 
evil involved in those moments. It is then that we 
are brought face to face as it were with that great 
Power behind phenomena, which rules to beneficent 
ends the intricate movements of humanity. 

The more these movements are studied the more 
profound and impressive they appear. If at York- 
town the ancient and the modern spirit met in. 
deadly grapple ; if there the rule of kings as against 
the people was decided once for all in favor of the 
people, that surely is meaning enough, and justifica- 
tion enough for the war. But the new spirit is not 
always the true spirit, nor is kingly authority invari- 
ably worse than other authority. In certain stage& 
it is the best, the only possible authority. What if 
the bisection of the Anglo-Saxon race that followed 
Yorktown and the inauguration of the republican 
government in America has significance even more 
profound than the triumph of a people or a cause ? 
What if it be the lifting of the curtain upon the last 
act in the drama of man's life upon the globe ? The 
interpretation of the minor incidents in the career of 
humanity is found, if it be found at all, in the solu- 
tion of the larger question, whether human history — 
the world itself — has a meaning ? With the facts of 
history, as with the blocks in a child's box of letters,, 
you may spell out what you please, establish any 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 343 

theory you will, says Froude. Are you an optimist, 
full of hope and faith in your fellow-men ? Are 
you a pessimist, convinced that things tend from bad 
to worse ? History will furnish heaps of arguments 
for either side. Looking at its surface only, the 
story of man's struggles in the world seems indeed 

" a tale told by an idiot, 
Full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." 

But if, with Emerson, we count the ages against the 
hours, we perceive that things do not tend down- 
ward, but upward ; do not justify despondency, but 
hope ; and, at all events, that general ends are some- 
how answered — mankind advances; there really is 
progress. It is not fancy merely that discovers a 
parallel between the successive stages of life in gen- 
eral, as shown in the geological record, and the ad- 
vance in the special life of man, as we trace his 
course westwardly from the plateaus in Asia, where 
he originated. From strata that are lifeless to strata 
that display life in its lowest forms, we advance to 
the age in which we live, rising from lower to higher 
beings, until we reach man. So from Asia we pass 
to Egypt, Greece, E-ome, Western Europe, America, 
advancing, not always with equal step, but neverthe- 
less advancing. We must admit that — we cannot 
deny it. And observe that this progress, in one at 
least of its stages, is marked in the animal world by 
huge, ungainly forms, and in the world of man by 
huge architectural forms — pyramids, Babylonian 
towers, vast monoliths. See, too, in the case of 



344 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATfOX. 

man, a lessening in the bulk of his buildings, but a 
mighty increase in their serviceableness for human 
needs — no more pyramids, no more Chinese walls, 
no more Coliseums, but an immense increase in the 
number of homes. There are no temples equal to 
the Parthenon, but in place of Zeus and Poseidon 
we have the Divine Man, who called himself our 
Brother ; no castles of the middle age, but a security 
that castles could never bring. The mind of Greece 
and the might of Rome we are not likely ever to 
surpass; it is quite certain that the intellect of 
Aristotle could have compassed all the inventions of 
which we boast ; the governmental power we possess 
or may hereafter possess, will never excel the solid 
force displayed by the Imperial city in her prime ; 
but, in lieu of that, we have on every side myriads of 
firesides, abodes of virtue and of peace, which the 
kings of old, with all their wealth and power, could 
not have commanded. 

Is it not plain, then, is it not beyond dispute, that 
the movement of the world has been upward, from 
lower organisms to higher organisms, from forms that 
are coarse to forms smaller and finer ; from riches 
concentrated in the hands of kings, the vulgar display 
of wealth of plundered provinces, to the riches peace- 
fully acquired by honest labor and diffused in thou- 
sands of contented Christian homes ? What do we 
this instant come upon as the secret of human pro- 
gress — what but that element which by common 
consent has been reckoned in all ages as the highest 
— the moral element ? As in the past, so in the 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 345 

future, the movement will go on, and it can go in 
but one direction. Not geographical area merely, 
not intellect selfishly directed, not wealth, not 
strength, not population, not prosperity in the ordi- 
nary sense, not national aggrandizement, but the 
advancement and welfare of the whole human family 
— that is our goal, that the drama in which America 
is to play the leading part, that the full intei'preta- 
tion of the eventful day at Yorktown, the not less 
eventful day at Appomattox. 

My countrymen, if we claimed for ourselves a 
higher place than all others in the drama of hu- 
manity, we might justly be accused of arrogance. 
But it is not ourselves, it is the outsider, the thought- 
ful minds in foreign countries, seeing from a dis- 
tance the play much more clearly than we can see it, 
who are profoundly impressed by the grandeur and 
the solemnity of our fore-ordained career. Edmund 
Burke was so moved bj'^ its contemplation that he 
bade his heart be still. ^' Sursum corda!^^ he cried, 
using the language of the Church, in his magnificent 
speech on the colonies. Struck by the continuous 
progress of the European race toward the Rocky 
Mountains, De Tocqueville, in 1835, saw in it the 
solemnity of a providential event. "It is like a 
deluge of men," he exclaimed, "rising unabatedly 
and daily driven onward by the hand of God." He 
thought then that the Rocky Mountains would arrest 
the Anglo-American march for very many years ; 
they were passed in a day. Later still, quite recently 
indeed, in 1878, Dean Stanley, summing up his im- 



346 YORKTOWX AND APPOMATTOX. 

pressions of the United States, said, " We insensibly- 
look forward to the possibility of a vaster develop- 
ment than we do in the older nations. And this ex- 
pectation is no new thing. Certain it is, that, from 
very early times, a sense of a vast and mysterious 
destiny, anfolding in a distant fntare, had taken pos- 
session of the minds, both of Americans and Eng- 
lishmen."* 

Bishop Berkeley, writing in Rhode Island, saw the 
drama unfolding before him, and outlined it in the 
well-known lines: 

** Westward the course of empire holds its way ; 
The 6rst four acts already past, 
A fifth shall close the drama with the day ; 
Time's noblest offspring is the last." 

But it is to the French philosopher already quoted 
that we are indebted for a conception of American 
destiny the most exalted that the human mind has 
entertained. Taking the earth in his grasp and re- 
viewing the whole course of events, he finds three- 
great epochs and three separate theatres fitted by^ 
nature for those epochs. In Asia, the cradle of the 
human race, the epoch of the Infinite is expressed in 
an immense continent, where Nature dominates man, 
terrifies him, arrests by its grandeur the development 
of his personality ; where laws and institutions be- 
come fixed and immobile; caste prevails, and the: 
idea of subjection to powers above and below; but 
above all the Infinite prevails, in the presence of 
which man loses faith in himself. Carrying with 

* Address before the Birmingham Institute, Dec. 16, 1878. 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 34T 

him the ineffaceable impression of the Infinite, of 
God, man, in the diversfied arena of Europe, enters 
the epoch of the Finite. The border countries, the 
shores of inland seas, in Greece and Italy more par- 
ticularly, by their narrow limits invite him, provoke 
him to activity and the conquest of nature. No- 
longer discouraged, he enters upon his career; the 
great movements of civilization and humanity begin,, 
the sense of individuality, of freedom, of liberty, is 
restored; faith in himself is regained. Finally, the 
epoch which joins the Finite to the Infinite is found 
in " a continent, great in size but not too compact in 
form, bounded by the oceans, but blessed with inland 
seas, and great rivers that traverse the land in all 
directions ; so that movement and solidity, individual 
freedom and national unity, the Finite and the In- 
finite, find their proper place; nothing remains in 
iron fixity, and nothing dissolves; everything endures 
and at the same time develops itself ; so that all ex- 
tremes of human thought and human energy meet 
and blend in harmony." 

History, opening with the epocli of the Infinite,, 
must needs have had its beginning upon a high and 
immense continent, in order to expand itself over the 
plains ; " it descends into the centre of the world's 
movement and fermentation in Europe; from this 
whirlpool of history and human development, it 
emerges, not to return to the mountain from which 
it descended (for humanity never turns back), but to- 
march on, rich with the treasures it has received in 
the past, filled with the thought of the Infinite, yet 



'348 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

-confident in human power and self-bood, to deposit 
these treasures in another continent, which, by its 
varied configuration, itjs exquisite temperature, its 
mixture of seas and lands, mountains and plains, may 
be propitious for the complete and harmonious de- 
velopment of humanity."* 

Can we doubt for a moment what continent this 
is? Beyond question it is America, our own land, 
these United States. " Let us advance," cries Cousin. 
^^ Behold the theatre prepared; behold this globe, 
marvellously arranged to receive him who is called 
to act upon it so mighty a part." 

We have risen to a great height ; we seem to be 
Among the stars. We are among the stars ; for by 
A happy chance, if chance can ever be, while the 
flags of other nations show all manner of symbols 
of beasts and birds, of suns and moons, our banner 
alone shows the host of heaven, mysterious and sub- 
lime. And as at night, when looking aloft, new orbs 
-continually disclose themselves, so on the firmament 
of our national ensign, even while we gaze, new stars 
come out, now States, new powers and principalities, 
-emerge as our destiny unfolds in time and space. 

How little, how pitiful, from the eminence we 
have gained, appear the strife of parties, the wrang- 
ling of sections ! What trifiing in front of a career 
in which the harmonious efforts of all the world 
barely suflSce for the work, to quarrel with one 
another ! Must the earth be stayed on its axis to let 
the fiies buzz ? The ocean, blue and infinite, gemmed 

♦ History of Modem Philosophy. Vol. I. , Lecture 8. 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 349* 

with isles of peace and beauty, lies before us, tempt- 
ing us to deeds of high emprize, new conquests,, 
gi'eat discoveries, and we stand amid the muddy peb- 
bles on the shore, mouthing and reviling, question- 
ing whether North or South be better, wiser. Oh I 

shame. 

The predictions of the French philosopher may 

not be verified; upon what continent and in what 
age the consummation of the world shall occur, no 
man may tell. Predictions of a more sacred char- 
acter, Dean Stanley reminds us, about a people far 
more sacred than the Americans, have not been ful- 
filled. And yet if there be upon the globe a theatre 
fitted by the hand of nature for the completion of 
earthly things, it is here. A vast scaffolding implies 
a vast edifice, a broad stage a great performance ;. 
nothing is here on a small scale. Our late war, the 
second scene in the first act, clearly enough discloses 
the proportions of the drama in which our descen- 
dants must take part. As the future looms up, scene 
after scene, each more coUossal and more stirring 
than that which went before, we see how necessary, 
how inevitable it was that the American stage should 
be cleared of the rubbish of past ages. Kingcraft 
and* all its lumbering paraphernalia had to be swept 
away ; a new arena, broad and clear, was needed for 
the human race to make its great fight for freedom. 
Torktown is fully justified; seven years of a war 
were not too much to pay for the blessed chance, 
the open field, which Yorktown gave mankind. 
Wise was the bargain our fathers struck when they 



360 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

•entered upon the long race of progress that opened 
before them after the treaty of Ghent was signed. 
The constitution devised by them is entitled to the 
reverence it has received. It recognizes, as no other 
human instrument recognizes, the tV70-fold nature of 
government, the rights of the people as a whole, and 
the rights of individuals represented by the jStates — 
the relation of the Finite to the Infinite, to borrow 
Cousin's language, and just what he claimed for 
America. 

^^ The Persian empire," said Napoleon to Montho- 
lon, when discussing the career of Alexander, " was 
a union of confederate States, and did not form one 
nation ; this facilitated its conquest." The weakness 
of a confederacy had been proved during the struggle 
^for independence ; there was need, absolute need, for 
a ^^ more perfect Union," in which the parts should 
be subordinate to the whole, and in which the safety 
and the welfare of the whole should depend upon 
the welfare, the liberty, of the parts. But compacts 
and constitutions are perishable things ; they express 
•the sense of those who frame them at the time they 
are framed; various interpretations are put upon 
them, and the parchment too often outlives what has 
been written upon it. So with our own organic 
charter. Some held the Union supreme, even unto 
tyranny ; others held the States free, even unto ir- 
responsibility, and entire absence of obligation other 
than mere mercantile agreement. Both were wrong. 
If at the formation of the Constitution men had 
known as much as they now know; if biology 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 351 

liad then been applied to politics, the advocates of 
"States' Rights would hardly have taken the ground 
wliich subsequently led to a deplorable war. They 
^wrould have known that the first law of life is co- 
herence. In the phraseology of science, integration 
must precede diflferentiation ; that is to say, the sub- 
stance of which an organism is made must first ac- 
cumulate and adhere before the organs can be formed 
out of it. In other words, union must precede de- 
velopment; integration is the primary law of evolu- 
tion; and this holds equally good of States and 
nations as of the smallest plant or animal. 

Yet the resolutions of Virginia and Kentucky, in 
1798, were timely. Fresh from a war, the object of 
which was to establish the right of a people to escape 
without war the rule of a government that had be- 
come oppressive, there was danger lest the claims of 
Ihe Federal party, pressed too far, might result in 
the disruption of tlie new and slightly coherent 
Union. Time was needed for the parts to knit to- 
gether, for the growing benefits of union to develop 
•and strengthen the sentiment of union, to perfect 
the cohesion, so that it would resist, as it did resist, 
the heaviest strain that any government, free or 
despotic, was ever subjected to. The struggle be- 
tween the party of the Union and the party of the 
States, beginning so early, increasing so rapidly in 
violence, and «o long continued, has been much de- 
plored. It was a beneficent strife. The contending 
winds but made tlie roots of the Union strike deeper 
and deeper still. If the winds still blow; if a doubt 



352 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

remain as to which shall finally conquer, the Union, 
or the States ; if opinions still differ, and the war of 
ideas be not yet ended, let us confidently trust that 
the same benignant Hand that in the past ordained 
that strength should come from strife, will in the 
future overrule our contentions until in a perpetual 
Union the sense of duty shall supersede and oblit- 
erate the sense of rights, and the obligation of man 
to man — not in the nation only, but the world over — 
shall be the mastering, guiding thought of the enno- 
bled American mind. 

For this cause men of all kindreds, tongues, creeds, 
colors, have been gathered together in this basin- 
shaped continent, whose form determines its political 
unity, whose diverse and widely separated peoples 
necessitate freedom ; so that here, as nowhere else 
upon the earth, liberty and union are and must 
needs be one and inseparable. If these kindreds 
and tongues were not assembled here for this cause, 
for what other, then ? Can you conceive any other ? 
There is no other. 

In a broken and divided country, with forts along 
the borders, armed men at every turn, separate and 
costly civil, naval, and military establishments to 
maintain, the problem of humanity could not have 
been solved ? See, then, the imperative necessity of 
Union. See, too, how Appomattox reaflSrmed and 
established what Yorktown had proclaimed, viz.: 
the right of every man to life, liberty, and the pur- 
suit of happiness. That no element of the problem 
might be wanting, that the fact of personal freedom. 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 353 

and equality of opportunity should be blazohed in let- 
ters that might be J'ead across the oceans and through 
all time, the question settled at Appomattox, on that 
day of fate in 1865, liinged upon the right of the 
States to hold in chattel servitude one of the lowest 
and blackest races of mankind. Was there nothing 
providential in this ? How can it be explained, ex- 
cept on the theory that " human history is guided to 
definite and very distinct ends by a wisdom higher 

than human ? " 

« 

A thoughtful Englishman has answered the ques- 
tion for us. Feeling acutely, as an Englishman 
must, the loss of the American colonies, he never- 
theless perceives in that loss the providential ante- 
cedent to the downfall of slavery. " Had the Eng- 
lish abolitionists in 1833," says Greg, "been con- 
fronted, not merely by the influence and the interests 
of the decaying sugar-planters of a few West India 
islands, but also by the whole weight of all the Gulf 
States, of Virginia, Kentucky, and the Carolinas, 
they could hardly have prevailed. It was a neces- 
sary and generally accepted condition of their suc- 
cess that the planters should be compensated for the 
loss of a property recognized for generations by the 
law. It was possible to compensate the sugar-planters 
of the Antilles ; but to purchase the freedom of some 
two millions of negroes on the continent would have 
been an effort too great even for British enthusiasm 
or an awakened national conscience."* More than 
this : ardent Confederate as he is in his sympathies, 

♦Percy Gregg, "The DeviPs Advocate," Vol. II., pp. 286-7.. 
II.— 23. 



354 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

this same Englishman holds that "the strength, the 
courage, the resolve, the pride of the South, her pas- 
sionate attachment to her peculiar institution, all that 
up to 1860 seemed to rivet most firmly the chains 

of the slave, really tended to destroy slavery 

The stubbornness of the resistance, the long delay, 
interposed by obstacles almost equal to the forces 
that dashed against them, converted much of the 
military momentum into the heat of passion needed 
for such a work," (the crushing out of slavery.) "At 
first, not only Congress and the President, but the 
great majority of the Northern people, disliked abo- 
lition only less than disunion, and would readily 
have given ample guarantees against the one in 
order to avert the other. Only when the passions 
of war had fused all aims, all principles, in one white 
heat toward the South, could emancipation have 
found approval and support from the people and 
the army. And then, with the fall of slavery in the 
Southern States, the doom of the institution was 
sealed. Brazil has practically abandoned it, and 
Cuba cannot for another generation sustain it." 

How far the abolition of slavery in the United 
States helped the emancipation of the Russian serfs 
may be conjectured ; but it is beyond question that 
the triumph of freedom here, and the maintenance 
of the Union against the powerful shock of seces- 
sion, largely helped the deliverance of France from 
the despotism of the empire. What farther results 
are to follow, time will show. The multiplication 
of effects, a well established law in politics as in 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 355 

physics, shown in tlie events that have already oc- 
curred, will be signally illustrated in the events to 
come. The echoes of Appomattox will reverberate 
forever. 

One of the immediate results of that day of destiny, 
and one at which the world might well have stood 
aghast, had it been proposed when the late war began, 
is yet to be worked to a most benign or most disastrous 
conclusion. The issue is of the last possible moment, 
not only to ourselves, but to mankind. It is the 
supreme, crucial test of the American experiment. 
" A slave," says Bagehot, " is an undigested politi- 
cal atom." He is in the body politic, but not of it. 
and of necessity is a disturbing force. Freed by the 
exigencies of war, by the exigencies of politics, four 
million negroes just released from bondage, speaking 
our language but incapable of reading it, were em- 
powered with the rights of complete American citi- 
zenship. What was denied to a few Chinamen was 
granted to forty times their number of a far infe- 
rior race. Was ever such- strain put upon human 
institutions ? Would the most imperious Caesar, in 
the heyday of irresponsible power, have dreamed of 
such a thing ? Yet that is what the American peo- 
ple have done. Under the pressure of forces more 
than human — ^forces that brought on the war to lib- 
erate the slaves, and under the guidance, let us hope, 
of a wisdom higher than human — the liberated slave 
is suddenly vested with the franchise, and the world 
is called to witness the result of entrusting millions 
of negroes with the ballot. There has been no de- 



356 YOEKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

lay, no hesitancy in the matter. Providence, Fate^ 
God — name the power what you may — ^has been 
swift to put its purpose in execution, as if to say 
to mankind, "See here: all that can be done to 
test the strength of free institutions has been done^ 
and that without preparation. By this test your 
doubts, the doubts of the world, shall be resolved ; 
for if freedom stand this, it shall stand all things — 
it cannot fail." 

Twelve years have passed since the fifteenth amend- 
ment was passed. It is too early to forecast the ulti- 
mate result of the most trying ordeal to which any 
government was ever subjected — certainly it is too 
early to exult ; but it must be said — it cannot too im- 
pressively be said — that hitherto the fruits of this ex- 
periment have been marvelous. The negro has ac- 
quired knowledge and acquired property; he ha& 
built churches and halls, has developed a capacity 
for society-organization, and an ability to save money 
to that end that is amazing; has shown an ease in 
public speaking that not seldom dumbfounds hi& 
white opponent; and though often, if not always, led 
by demagogues, who use him but as a means to com- 
pass their own selfish ends, has proved in the main 
a singularly tractable and orderly citizen, with a 
growing aptitude for the duties that in virtue of 
citizenship devolve upon him. Surely an astonish- 
ing spectacle, well calculated to puzzle the wififest 
statesman. The end is not yet ; disaster, as the his- 
torian. Freeman, boldly predicts, may be in store for 
us; but so far, we may conclude, with Draper, that 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 357 

the extension of the franchise to its utmost limits 
has but broadened the base and lowered the centre 
of gravity of the national pyramid, thereby strength- 
ening it incalculably. Certain it seems, that if our 
own institutions are to be wrecked by internal dis- 
order, it will not be the laboring man of the South, 
but of the North, who will work that destruction. 
Of their own accord, negroes do not strike. What 
if in time to come, led by wise and patriotic men, 
the negro shall prove to be the great conservative 
element of this country ? Stranger things have hap- 
pened. This fact is to be noted : that hitherto the 
party that befriends, or even pretends to befriend 
the negro, has uniformly been successful, and that 
frequently in the face of apparently overwhelming 
odds. In view of this fact, one is tempted to give 
credence to Swedenborg's assertion that the negro 
belongs to an earlier race than the white man ; that 
he is the child of humanity ; that Providence is keep- 
ing watch over him, and guiding him to an unknown 
and mysterious destiny. 

Our tiresome discourse approaches its conclusion. 
Let us recapitulate the points over which we have 
gone. In the dimensions of the continent wrested 
from the Mother Country we found partial justifica- 
tion for the expenditure of life and of treasure that 
occurred during the war of the Revolution. In the 
peculiar formation of the continent, unlike any other, 
we found a physical necessity for the political union 
of the millions that were to inhabit it — a defeat in 
advance, accomplished by nature herself, of secession. 



358 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

Rising from the material to the spiritual plane, we 
discovered in history, not the workings of blind 
chance, but a definite and well-ordered plan for 
man's advancement — in Asia, the epoch of the In- 
finite ; in Europe, of the Finite ; and in America, the 
junction of the Finite with the Infinite upon a grand 
theatre, especially prepared by the hand of God for 
the consummation of man's destiny. A far-reaching 
vista, luminous with the glorious possibilities of hu- 
man development, burst upon us, as if to rebuke the 
petty strife of parties and sections, and amply vin- 
dicating Yorktown, which secured for mankind an 
arena free from the rubbish of monarchical institu- 
tions, the impediments of obsolete ideas. Upon this 
arena, the refuge of the oppressed, are gathered men 
of all climes and tongues, and, for a specific purpose^ 
millions of a dusky race, which in all time past has 
been accounted fit only for servitude. A wisdom 
more than human, using the divided opinion of the 
whites as to the relative power of the States and the 
central government as an instrument, delivered these 
slaves from bondage in a day, and on the next, en- 
dowed them with the complete armor of American 
citizenship. This sudden and tremendous strain 
upon popular institutions we have seen borne with 
an ease and a resilience little short of the miraculous^ 
setting at naught the so-called wisdom of ages. 

As a fiower from its stem, so Appomattox grew 
out of Yorktown, in natural and orderly evolution, 
working out the will of that higher than human 
power which from the beginning has directed the 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 359 

tortuous course of history to beneficent ends. This 
it is that invests Yorktown and Appomattox with 
such solemn meaning, and it is for this that those 
fields of high renown deserve commemoration. The 
critical day of the E-evolution was not at Yorktown , 
but at Saratoga; and in the war of Secession at 
Gettysburg, rather than at Appomattox; but by 
general consent the days of fate derive their titles 
from the fields just named, and no other names can 
take their place. One hundred years were allowed 
to pass before Yorktown found its shaft of triumph ; 
is it the will of the American people that a century- 
shall elapse before Appomattox is decorated ? Shall 
that great day be forgotten, that memorable field lie^ 
as it has lain since the morning of battle, untouched^ 
unconsecrated ? I think not. Yet it is to the eter- 
nal credit of the American name that it has re- 
mained so long unnoticed, unadorned. Not a stone 
marks the spot where the defeated brother laid down 
his arms never more to take them up again ; nothing 
is there, not one least thing, to remind him who was 
so proud and brave, of his humiliation. Credit to 
the American name! it does credit to the human 
race ! Nevertheless, the field where God rendered 
judgment upon humanity, bitter as was that judg- 
ment to the conquered, ought surely to be commem- 
orated. You owe it, Americans, to the cause which 
then triumphed ; you owe it to yourselves, and you 
owe it, above all, to the State in which the bat- 
tle was fought. Yes, something is due to Virginia^ 
Why ? Because for the sake of Union she gave up 



360 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

her empire in the Northwest? No. Your historian, 
Draper, says "that was very noble in Virginia;" but 
Maryland declared, in 1778, that what the common 
blood and treasure had purchased should be common 
property ; and Maryland was right. Still, something 
is owed Virginia. Why? Because, trampled by 
both armies, she alone was torn apart and impover- 
ished beyond all other States ? No ; she elected war, 
and that was war's fortune ; let her endure it. 
Elected war! are you quite sure of that? Then 
have you forgotten her Union convention, her Peace 
congress, her prayers and entreaties in public and in 
private, by committees and by individuals, efforts 
unceasing to avert bloodshed. Ueflect but a mo- 
ment. Suppose the slave lords, in full possession of 
the government, the army, the navy, and the public 
purse, arrogant with power, advancing northward to 
fasten slavery upon New England. How would 
New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, have acted 
in such case? Slunk back like craven hounds, or 
stood up like men in defence of their sisters and 
what they believed right ? Virginia 'stood up ; but 
not for that does she deserve aught at your hands. 
No. Still, I say, something is due Virginia. Why? 
She is the burial-place of your dead. On many a 
field they lie, on many a sod spring the flowers nur- 
tured by their blood ; from many a land they came, 
nameless and hopeless of fame, to die in your de- 
fence. In the seventeen Federal cemeteries in Vir- 
ginia, 68,823 Union soldiers and sailors are buried. 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 361 

4iiid of these 37,935 cannot be identified. Unknown ! 
What pathos in that simple statement ! 

For their sake, for the sake of these inarticulate 
43ouls, let this nation, which is so quick to kindle 
with every noble thought and generous impulse, this 
American people, build on the stricken field of 
Appomattox a memorial that shall perpetuate the 
♦cause for which the known and the unknown per- 
ished, that shall gratify the just pride of the victor, 
«but not in the least give pain to the vanquished. 
Oan that be done? It can. Bear with me while I 
lunbosom my whole thought. 

Upon the Acropolis there stood, and perhaps still 
^stands, a little temple, built in commemoration of the 
victory at the Eurymedon of Cimon, son of the great 
Miltiades of Marathon. It is but twenty-seven feet 
long by eighteen broad, and bears the singular name 
•of Nike Apieros^ or Wingless Victory — victory as- 
sured, permanent, everlasting. If at Appomattox 
the new spirit triumphed over the old, as in all pre- 
ceding contests it has triumphed; if from the 9th day 
of April, 1865, the world takes a new date, and the 
fiat of defeat to oppression in all climes must bear 
the impress of that date, what more fitting monu- 
ment could adorn the heights on which Lee laid 
down his sword than a temple like to that on the 
Acropolis, only of proportions more majestic ? Some 
memorial there ought to be, there surely will be; 
what fitter one than this? Kot an arch or shaft of 
triumph, nor yet a battle abbey like that upon the 
field of Senlac or Hastings, in which the scutcheons. 



362 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATrOX. 

the banners and the names of the conquering chiefs 
may keep alive the vanity of success and the shame 
of failure ; no, something nobler and wiser than that* 
Our temple of undeparting victory shall be a Tem- • 
pie of Concord, a House of Peace, stately and fair as 
the amity and the brotherhood that designed itj 
grand as the united people that build it; enduring 
as the nation that ordains it. Thither at fit season, 
the day of battle or other suitable time, let the peo- 
ple, or representative bodies of the people, gather in 
Panathenaic or Pan-American festival, to celebrate 
the glories of the Union, to recite the gain of undi- 
vided government, the blessedness of harmony be- 
tween the sections, and above all steadily to contem- 
plate the duties which, in virtue of our greatness as 
a nation, will be imposed upon us. For well we 
know that the problems which we shall be forced to 
confront and solve will task our powers to the ut- 
most, even when approached in fraternal spirit and 
with all the help that good-will and mutual regard 
can bring. Approached in anger and distrust, these 
questions will but widen at each attempt we make to 
solve them, till the enlarging crevasse of divided 
sentiment again deluges the land in blood. Let the 
warmest heart, the wisest head, some revered patriot- 
sage, like Winthrop of Massachusetts, give each re- 
curring year in our Temple of Concord his best 
thought, as Winthrop gave at Yorktown. Let him- 
be a tongue for the unknown dead that sleep in Vir- 
ginia soil, and in their name speak peace and love ta 
all the land they died to save. Let his winged 



YOBKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 363" 

words, borne by steam and electricity from sea to- 
sea, from Canada to the Gulf, bring hope and cheer^ 
good- will and mutual regard, till the love of Union, 
for the good that union brings to us and to the hu.- 
man race, shall spread and run like a celestial flame 
from East to West, from the North to the South,., 
and in the South even as in the North. O ! then^ 
the nameless dead will not have died in vain. 

'Tis but a little boon Virginia asks at your handff. 
Omnipotent North. She that was so high has fallen 
low indeed ; the rock of your defence in the Revolu- 
tion is now the only shattered State in the Union; 
from her, as from Judah of old, the sceptre of politi- 
cal power has departed, never more to return. Lift 
her, O! mighty North, from the dust; make her to* 
be numbered with the benefactors of the human 
race ; crown her with the glory everlasting, which to 
her, as Mother of States, of right belongs — the glory 
of the Maker of perpetual peace, that wingless vic- 
tory which Greeks and Komans sought, but sought 
in vain. 

Peace ! that this, the greatest of nations, too strong 
to be assailed without, may learn the lesson yet un- 
learned by men, how to deal with foes within — the- 
demagogue first, the monopolist next, the imbrutedi 
and maddened workman last. Peace! that the kings 
may see how millions may live under a government 
without kings and without war. Peace! that the- 
bayonet-carrying peoples of Western Europe may 
know how useless bayonets are, and refuse to bear- 
them. Peace ! that the men of every clime may side. 



364 YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

by side joyfully work out the vast designs of that 
mysterious Power that brought them into being. 
Peace 1 that the English-speaking peoples, masters of 
the world, may unite to frame the law of universal 
peace, and force the world to lay aside the sword. 
Peace! that the armies of industry, in every land, 
may join to conquer all the powers of nature. Peace I 
that the dream of Paradise at the world's beginning 
may be the blessed reality of the world's ending. 

What hope of this peace if the American experi- 
ment fail? God help humanity if it should fail. 
The seeds of failure lie in all things human, not least 
in Republics, as history but too often tells. They 
are all around us; they crop up thick as tares at 
times; we see them, feel them, shudder at them. If 
the world's peace hang, as surely it does hang, upon 
the American Union; if the sentiment of Union 
can be cultivated, as undoubtedly it can, a temple, 
many temples, might well be consecrated to that sen- 
timent, — its propagation, its perpetuation. The cost 1 
wlio reckons, who cares for the cost ? We have citi- 
zens by the score, richer than Croesus and tlie Crassi 
combined, any one of whom might build, and be 
proud to build, our " Temple of Concord." We have 
societies and associations — ^your own, for example — 
who in such a temple might leave behind them a 
monument that would outlast the Republic itself, as 
the mound at Marathon outlasted Greece. Six hun- 
dred years after the battle, Pausanius, the historian, 
saw at Marathon the ten columns erected by the 
Athenian tribes that took part in the battle, and read 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 366 

the names of those who fell on that glorious field. 
What if six hundred years hence the white walls 
gleaming upon the hills at Appomattox should look 
forth, not upon the fragments of a dismembered 
XJnionj but upon a Union whole, complete, unbroken, 
peacefully fulfilling its high purpose in the world ? 
What if the patriotism inspired by the utterances in 
that temple should largely have helped to keep that 
Union whole? 

'Tis a not imworthy, an American thought. It 
may be premature, it may be a dream, a vision — call 
it what you will — it is something for a Virginian to 
have had that vision, and to have placed it before 
you, to do with it as you will. For it is for you, 
men of the North, to say what Virginia and the 
South are to be to you and to the country at large. 
Under heaven, it is given you to say whether the 
South shall be the Scotland or the Ireland of this 
nation, a source of pride and strength, or a source 
of weakness and unceasing care. At your peril, 
which is the peril of the human race, you are to 
pronounce the fate of your weaker brotlier. Who 
can doubt your answer ? Who, seeing the lofty tasks 
to which North and South and all who speak the 
English tongue are called, tasks to which the whole 
past of human history has been one long prepara- 
ration, can doubt that the power which brought us 
together to do these mighty works will keep us to- 
gether till they are accomplished? Failure — and 
disunion is failure — is impossible. 

My countrymen, let us never doubt the career out- 



366 TOBKTOWN AND APPOMATfOX. 

dined by Providence for the American people. The 
«tory of our race upon the planet is like a troubled 
sea, on which, in storm and darkness, republics, em- 
-pires, monarchies, one after another go down. But 
somehow the ark of civilization has always outridden 
the storm. Nations perish, but humanity is saved. 
Nay, the wrecks of successive empires has served as 
stepping stones to higher things. So it may be with 
us; we too may go down as so many have gone be- 
fore us; wo may go down, but not for a great while 
yet — a hundred, two hundred, three hundred years 
— who can tell? The tumult in the world at the 
present time is very great. The movement of peo- 
ples toward America is like the migration of the 
hordes of humanity in the dawn of history. But 
they come — and this is very significant — without wea- 
pons; and they are met, not with spears, but with 
i>he wide American welcome of open arms. Therein 
is an augury of hope unknown to the ancient world. 
Every wave of immigration is an influx of new and 
incalculable force. New thoughts, new ideas, new 
impulses, new inventions, in this new world of ours, 
are making changes beyond conception. Those who 
•come after us are to see strange things — upheavals 
Bud overturnings such as have never been seen before. 
How much of good or ill, of good and ill, is in store 
for us ? Heaven alone can tell. Living in the vor- 
tex of the world's movement, we are scarcely aware 
of the enormous activity around us; of its momen- 
tum, and still less of its direction, we know nothing. 
Foreigners are profoundly impressed by it. The 



YORKTOWN AND APPOMATfOX. 367 

intelligent Englishman already quoted — the Dfean 
-of Westminster— -deeply moved by what he saw dur- 
ing his visit here, could find no adequate picture of 
American life except in the rush and roar of Niagara. 
JBEear what he says, for his words sound like a glad 
prophecy : 

" It was midnight ; the moon was full ; and I saw 
irom the vast bridge which spans the river, the 
ceaseless contortion, confusion, whirl and chaos, 
bursting forth in clouds of foam from that immense 
central chasm which divides the American from the 
British dominions; and as I looked on that ever 
•changing movement, and listened to that everlasting 
roar, it seemed an emblem of the devouring, ferment- 
ing, perplexed, bewildering activity, the ceaseless, 
restless boiling whirlpool of existence in the United 
States. But into the moonlit sky there rose a cloud 
of spray twice as high as the falls themselves, silent, 
majestic, immovable. That silver column, glittering 
in the moonlight, seemed an image of the future of 
American history — of the upward, heaven-aspiring 
•destiny which should emerge from the distractions 
of the present." 

O men 1 with the wind of this prophecy in our 
iaces ; O brothers ! speaking the same dear mother 
tongue ; O comrades ! enemies no more, seeing the 
Jiigh calling whereunto we are called, let us sound a 
truce to battle, and, taking a joyful hand together,* 
man the ship of state anew, with men in gray and 
men in blue, face her boldly to the West, across the 

* Thackeray^s Georges. 



368 YOBKTOWN AND APPOMATTOX. 

boiling surge of time, and chant with one accord the: 
anthem of the singer, lately dead at Cambridge : 

" Sail on, Union, strong and great ! 
Humanity with all its fears, 
With all its hopes of future years. 
Is hanging breathless on thy fate I 
c o o o 

In spite of rock and tempests' roar, 

In spite of false lights on the shore. 

Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea ; 

Our hearts, our hopes are all with thee, 

Our hearts, our hopes, our prayers, our tears, 

Our faith triumphant o'er our fears. 

Are all with thee, are all with thee." 



THE MAN, THE BATS, AND THE OWL. 

By Victim Huge— Oh! 



HE lived in the country. In an ancient house 
in the rural district. For days there had been 
a chattering in, his chamber wall — ^grievous and in- 
cessant chattering, irradiated by a noisome odor. 
"Mice," he fancied. Impossible mice, that chattered 
and stank ! 

The man slept. A column of fresh advertisements 
invaded his brain. Colossal newspaper dream of the 
wretched. He was happy. In the midwatch of the 
night there was a flap upon his pillow. Ominous flap ! 

Caused by an infant bat — bat classed by Cuvier 
among the mammals. Too feeble to fly, it had fallen 
and flapped. 

The man fled. Weakness of Humanity surprised 
by Unseen but not Inodorous — tlie Giant escaping 
from the Pigmy — Banks retreating before Stone- 
wall Jackson. 

Another night and another bat, more bats. The 
man arose and slew them — three several bats, slain 
by the man with a long-handled broom, wliich cost 
82 sous, 6 centimes at Eckloff's. Cheap enginery 
of war — Intellect armed inexpensively, but omnipo- 
tent in the presence of the Winged Evil. 
II.— 24. 



370 THE MAN, THE BATS, AND THE OWL. . 

Still the chattering continued. 

The man had a cup. 

This cup was of tin. 

Near this cup a bucket of water. 

Allies! The man smiled. Elevation of the op- 
pressed Soul, evinced by the orhiculia oris and other 
risible muscles. 

At the junction of the floor with the wash-board, 
behold an aperture, crevice or crack — in a word, a 
slit — effect of ligneous contraction in time, sap ex- 
pelled, the woody fibre closing in. Nature abhoring 
a vacuum. 

Fatal slit ! 

The man, the cup, the bucket, the water — for- 
tunate co-adjacency of the implements and materials 
of strife — the Broom discarded, the Cup in the as- 
cendant, triumph of Water over Wood, and Man 
supreme in his night-shirt over all. Noah about to 
inaugurate the Flood ! 

Deluded bats, ignorant of the imminent Deluge, 
chattering and feasting like the antique sinners of 
Central Asia. 

A splash — sudden, sharp, vengeful, abundant, in- 
exorable — accompanied by a sardonic chuckle from 
the man. 

Whi-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z-z !!!!!!!! 

Bouleversement extreme! The besieged become 
the assailants. Palma cuts the dikes, but the Bata- 
vians make a sally. The broom resumed. Confronta- 
tion immense ! The Individual against the Multitude 
— the Man immersed in a cloud of bats, plying his 



THE MAN, THE BATS, AND THE OWL* 371 

besom desperately in the malodorous vortex of a 
whirlpool of exasperated night-birds. Combat ter- 
trific. Valor in a cotton garment lunging agonizedly 
with a long-handled broom into a torrent of Leather- 
wings. Futile courage ! Wasted pluck ! Inoppor- 
tune grit ! What's a broom to a bushel of bats ? A 
crease against a cataract — sl knitting-needle against 
Niagara. 

Denouement disgraceful. Catastrophe most sad. 
Conclusion verging on the farcical. The man evan- 
ishes — the Broom lies prone upon the floor— the Bats 
occupy the field of battle. lo Tnumphe ! 

Abject abasement of humanity, paralleled only 
by the exaltation of brutality. Admirable compen- 
sation of Nature — shocking flight and descent of In- 
telligence, balanced and atoned for by a correspond- 
ing ascent and poise of Instinct — motion in Man 
counterpoised by stasis'of the Vespertilionidse. De- 
feat of the Person, Success of the Things. Equality 
vindicated, Liberty achieved. Fraternity of forces in 
perspective. Behold the Kepublic of Matter ! 

Days pass. The man, dejected, avoids his room, 
no longer a room, but a Castle of the Skin-winged, 
Donjon of the Dermaptera. But the water, splashed 
madly in the midnight battle, does its work— pene- 
trates the nest and dislodges the Bats — Process of 
Displacements of the Pharmaceutists brought unin- 
tentionally into play, with glorious result. 

The Man returns. He listens, he sniffs, he fumbles 
with a small stick. No noise, no odor, no anything 
— ^nothing. Immense satisfaction, huge gratiflca- 



372 THE MAN, THE BATS, AND THE OWL. 

tion, enormous and unbounded exultation of the 
Man. 

Alas! 

How fleeting the joys of life. 

Its triumphs how illusory. 

The man rejoices. 

Yanity of vanities. 

Grin of M. Bonaparte in the morning at Water- 
loo ; chuckle of Winfield Scott, in Washington, July 
21, 1861, 12 M.; evanescent cachination of Jubal 
Early at Cedar Creek. 

As if there were no to-morrow. 

As if Fate were not the piston-rod of the Universe* 
Time an oscillating engine. 

Life a prodigious See-Saw ! 

Night gathering her elements, her particles, her 
atoms of darkness, from the imperceptible caverns of 
the horizon, mobilizes, organizes, masses, precipitates 
them upon the earth, and again it is Bed-time. 

Solemn and affecting time. 

The man disrobes. 

He inserts his physique into his night-shirt. 

His Soul follows his Body. 

He puts out the light. That light is a small kero- 
sene lamp. 

He gets into bed. 

There are no bats. 

He stretches himself at full length. 

There are no bats. 

He turns upon his right side. 

There are no bats. 



THE MAN, THE BATS, AND THE OWL. 373 

He sleeps, he snores, he dreams, he starts — 

Hah! 

What is it ? 

Two globes of sinister and infernal light irradiate 
dimly the opacity of the apartment, and athwart the 
murky atmosphere comes the appalling sound of 
teeth gritted savagely, of gums crunched violently 
together. 

Horror 1 

What is it ? 

It is a screech-owl on the foot-board. Blucher on 
the bed-post, Sheridan on the back-track, Mahone in 
the crater, Fuss and Feathers within a very few 
inches of the man's nose, death in the pot and the 
devil at the door. 

A cold sweat, erect hair and a state of universal 
goose-skin attests the agony of the man. He lifts 
himself very suddenly aloft, his night-raiment is 
rent from cupola to pit, and he flies shrieking from 
the scene, to return no more for ever. 

And these are facts. 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

« 

A Stoby of Mysteby and Misadyektube. 



REASONS very like those that send Englishmen 
to walk on the ramparts at Boulogne, induced 
my friend Woodbury Mosby and myself to leave 
Jacksontown. We had been the glory of that town. 
We had "swelled" there many years. We had been 
such beaux, and enjoyed ourselves so! It hurt us 
badly to go ; but it was impossible to stay — and we 
went. 

We hid our diminished heads and empty pockets 
in a secluded house in the country. It was a dreary 
place. Waste fields on some sides, stunted, wretched 
trees on other sides; miserable fences, unmended, di- 
vided the fields; broken down, swag-backed out- 
houses drooped here and there, and ghastly cattle 
wandered around. The dwelling-house was ancient, 
large, cranny ed, rat-full; inhabited by a silent old 
man and his silent old wife, who gave us their best 
room and charged us little or nothing for boards 
The children of this venerable couple had straggled 
off to the ends of the earth ; neighbors were few and 
far between ; visiting rare^ An old bachelor doctor 
came sometimes to see them. All this suited us very 
well, for we had not come into the country to see 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 375 

company. Occasionally we engaged Dr. Arthur in 
conversation, and wondered to find a man so intelli- 
gent in such a neighborhood. 

When men who have known better days are placed 
as Woodbury Mosby and myself were at this time, 
they become the prey of many hopes. These hopes 
are such as a man in business would call prepos- 
terous. Very generally they are preposterous; but 
since "the darkest hour precedes the dawn," these 
hopes appear sometimes to be strangely realized. 
Post hoc or propter hoc^ it matters little what the re- 
lation between these hopes and their attainment may 
be, the fact is as 1 have stated. They are sometimes 
strangely, wonderfully, even miraculously realized. 
I believe that but for these hopes people would 
of tentimes . go mad. Woodbury Mosby, whom, for 
euphony and for short, I shall call " Woody," and 
myself did not go mad. The folly of our dreams 
kept us sane. 

One horrid, blue-devil-engendering winter afternoon 
found us seated, each in a rocking-chair, rocking and 
smoking in silence. The wind outside was grumb- 
ling like an unsatisfied creditor, pulling at the sashes, 
impatiently — ^pretty much as a sheriff intent upon 
serving a writ might do. The pressure of poverty 
was never more severely felt than while we sat there 
in moody silence, smoking and watching the fire, 
upon which the extravagant and wandering gale was 
making heavy draughts, like a prodigal son upon an 
indulgent father. Sullen clouds were floating across 
the sky, quietly, quickly, incomprehensibly accu- 



376 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

mulating big and heavy, like debts, but, unlike 
debts, threatening momently to disappear and give 
us a clear sunset. 

" Woody, how much money have you got ?" 

« Money!" 

If I had asked him to hand me the equator out of 
his pocket, or to cut me out a slice of the planet 
Neptune, the tone of my friend's voice could not 
have expressed a more contemptuous sense of the 
cruel absurdity of such a question than when he 
echoed that single word, " money ! " I was sorry I 
had asked it. 

He rocked and smoked on for a while, with an in- 
jured air that was painful to see. 

" How much have you got ? " 

Desirous of relieving his mind, and impelled by 
that vague superstition which haunts every un- 
moneyed man, of finding the needful in impossible 
places and at impossible times, I extracted from the 
recesses of my unhappy breeches a rusty porte- 
monnaie, which would hardly have afforded fitting 
shelter to a superannuated pismire, and, unclasping 
it, shook its contents on the floor. 

No sound followed this proceeding. The carpet 
seemed conscious of nothing unusual, nor did my 
friend so much as turn his head. Nevertheless, a 
tolerably new steel pen had fallen beside my rocker ; 
which pen I carefully picked up, thinking some luck 
might attach to it, and, valuing it as a piece of pro- 
perty of which I held the undisputed fee-simple title, 
I replaced it in its receptacle. 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 377 

"This is a rich state of things, Eeid." 

"Yes," I replied, sententioiisly. 

We again commenced rocking — again relapsed into 
silence deeper than that of a dumb debtor dunned 
when devoid of money. 

The foregoing conversation, be it remembered, 
took place in the parlor; concerning which some- 
thing must be said. The house of Mr. and Mrs. 
Stinson — for so the ancient couple was named — was 
in fact a double house, joined by a covered passage, 
and the parlor was situated in the new part, so-called 
because it had been built not more than forty years 
— whereas the old part had been in existence at least 
twice that length of time. In the old house Mr. 
and Mrs. Stinson lodged, leaving the new house en- 
tirely to Woodbury Mosby and myself. This new 
house was comfortable enough and apparently well 
built. But it was singular in this : You could not 
walk across the floor of the parlor or of the room 
above it, in which we slept, without causing a rat- 
tling of windows and a general jarring of the whole 
structure, such as to give rise to apprehensions of the 
most serious character. In truth there was every 
reason to believe that the house would fall to the 
ground upon the slightest provocation. Mr. Stinson 
declared that it was built upon a quicksand, an as- 
sertion which I made fun of by telling Dr. Arthur 
and the few other visitors to beware how they winked 
their eyes or blew their noses, for the house stood 
upon the crater of an extinct volcano, and we were 
in danger at any time of being swallowed up. But 



378 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

in reality I knew that nothing ailed the house but 
the bad planning and worse carpentry which prevail 
in the country almost as much as in the cities. 

The silence, which lasted many minutes, was at 
length broken by a quick puflSng on the part of my 
friend, thus : Puff, puff, puff. Puff, puff, puff, puff. 
Puff, puff, puff. 

This was the sure precursor of an idea, and I 
awaited its utterance in eager silence. At last it 
came. 

" Let's buy up Japan." 

" Good." 

" Yes. You'd say good to anything. Your capa- 
city is small, Eeid, and your aims correspond. Japan 
would be a pretty little estate — make a good market 
garden ; but when I go into business I want some- 
thing to occupy my mind fully, fully ! " 

" Suppose we build a railroad to the moon ? " I 
suggested mildly. 

"Won't pay. No inhabitants in the moon. No* 
way-travel. Too much trestle-work. Grades heavy, 
besides Know-Nothingism has so diminished the 
supply of Irishmen." 

"We'll purchase a lot — say a million or so — of 
Coolies ! " 

" Chinamen can't build railroads." 

" True ; but we might have them made into sau- 
sages. I dare say Chinese sausages would equal 
those made of the dogs of Bologna. At all events 
they would be something new." 

"Yes; but think of the flavor. You couldn't get 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 379 

rid of the tea and rice twang. Sausage should have 
a game flavor; hence the high reputation of dog sau- 
sages." 

"We might make a little something teaching — 
by teaching school," I replied, changing the vein. 

" Set up an academy ? Not so bad ! I think I 
see the advertisement: 'Mosby & Keid, wholesale 
and retail dealers and jobbers in a-b abs.' Why, sir, 
we might make a hundred dollars a year. Immense f 
The reflection staggers me." He paused ; sighed. 

" But all this is very silly, Sam. Suppose we look 
things calmly in the face, to see if something may 
not be done." 

" Bah ! We have looked things calmly in the face 
until things is out of countenance — things is turned 
away in disgust. Trust to luck, trust to luck." 

"Luck be hanged! There never was, there never 
will be, such a thing as luck. Law — inevitable, in- 
exorable law^ rules this world, rules all worlds. Noj 
sir ; trusting to luck won't do ; attempting to do won't 
do ; doing alone will do. The secret of our misfor- 
tune is inaction, and the occasion of that inaction is 
want of self-confidence, want of faith in our own 
energy and in the unchanging laws that govern hu- 
man life and action. Yes, sir; want of faith — ^that's 
the trouble. The Bible tells us that if a man have 
only so much as a mustard-seed of faith he shall re- 
move mountains. I believe it," he continued, rising, 
with resolute air and gesticulation, " I believe it. I 
believe in the human will. Its power is illimitable ; 
that is, its extent, within the circle of the possible, is 



380 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

yet unascertained. Many years ago I read of an ex- 
periment by which the power of the will conld be 
tested. A globule of quicksilver placed in a filbert 
shell (from which the entire kernel had been care- 
fully extracted through a small hole), and suspended 
by a thread, was singularly amenable to the influence 
of the will. The filbert would turn to the right or 
left, and continue to turn, slowly or rapidly, as the 
will might dictate. 

" So the paper said. I tried it, sir. I failed ; but 
nevertheless I believe in the omnipotence of the will. 
At this moment I feel full of will. I shall make 
another, a decisive experiment." 

Here he walked to the centre of the room and con- 
fronted me as he continued : 

" This ceiling is eleven feet high. As a general 
rule, no man of moderate physical powers and unac- 
customed to exercise (as is the case with myself), 
wouldn't think of leaping into that ceiling. I said 
leaping into. I meant it. Not in the sense of leap- 
ing feet foremost, and thrusting my toes in the ceil- 
ing, but of penetrating head foremost into the 
plastering and laths, and possibly of perforating, also, 
the floor of the apartment above. You look in- 
<jrediilou8. I thank you for that expression ; it nerves 
me to action. I shall do it, sir; I shall prove to you 
the invincibility of the will." 

Kemoving his pipe from his mouth, he deposited 
it upon the floor, filling Mr. Stinson's carpet with 
ashes. He commenced then to adjust his apparel 
and to straighten himself out, as if he were really in 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 381 

earnest. I regarded him without curiosity. We 
had often indulged in greater absurdities. 

"In case anything should happen while you are up 
there, would it not be well to leave instructions, be- 
forehand ?" I asked, quietly. 

"My effects, sir, consist almost wholly of real es- 
tate, as you well know. You are aware also, that I 
have not forgotten you in my will. My attorney,. 
Mr. John Lunsford, has minute instructions as to my 
wishes. Do not, I beg of you, give yourself un- 
necessary trouble in my behalf. It looks selfish — 
calculating." 

'•Ah I You are merely preparing to commit 
suicide. Proceed, proceed. Swallow yourself, and. 
have done with it." 

"Sam Keid, you owe me a nine-pence and three 
cents — ^fifteen and one-half cents. I forgive you;, 
you meant nothing by it. Farewell, farewell !" 

"One moment," I added. "Should you fail to 
penetrate the ceiling, I beseech you to alight as easily 
as possible when you descend. Remember, this is a 
most crazy old tenement, and I should object to its 
falling about my ears before I have finished this 
pipe." 

He made a prodigious leap, and came down again ; 
not lightly, as I had requested, but with the whole 
weight of his body. The consequences were una- 
voidable ; yet at first they seemed to belie my fears. 
The house did not crumble into ruins. 

But some of the flooring-planks were broken, and 
his feet having nothing but an aged carpet to sup- 



.382 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

port them, very naturally disappeared. I smiled at 
his efforts to extricate himself. But now a sudden 
horror overspread his features, which — excellent 
actor as he was — was far too natural to be mistaken. 
"Help!" he exclaimed in a voice subdued by deadly 
fear. "My God! what is this? Something, some 
one is pulling me down. There is no bottom. Quick 1 
for Heaven's sake ! I am sinking." 

I ran to his assistance. He had now sunk to his 
hips and was supporting himself by his hands. There 
was something indescribably horrible in this state of 
things ; for there was no cellar to the house, and the 
floor was originally not more than eighteen inches 
from the ground. Was there indeed a quicksand 
under the house, as Mr. Stinson has asserted ? or a 
crater, as wild fancy had prompted me to say in jest? 
This passed in a flash of thought as I grasped him 
by the shoulders and commenced tugging with all 
my might. 

"The floor is breaking under my hands — ^jump for 
your life ! " exclaimed the noble fellow, careful not of 
his own life but of mine. 

Never, never shall I forget the appalling expres- 
sion of his face as the planking gave way under the 
power of the unseen enemy, and he disappeared from 
my view. One other exclamation he uttered as he 
went down, in a tone that chilled the very marrow 
in my bones. The voice appeared to come from a 
great depth. Its purport I could not make out. 

Dumb, motionless with horror, years seemed to 
roll away before I could utter a sound. When at 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 383 

last the power of speech returned, it was in a pro- 
longed, unearthly inarticulate scream that must have 
frozen the blood and stilled the heart of all who 
heard it. Mr. and Mrs. Stinson, Dr. Arthur, who 
happened then to be in the house, and all the negroes 
upon the plantation, came running at the sound of 
that terrific scream. As well as my trembling voice 
would permit, I explained what had occurred, cau- 
tioning them not to venture too hear the hole. I 
myself, when my friend called to me to "jump for 
my life," had sprung to the parlor door, and, crouch- 
ing there, remained. 

Night had fallen, and the group who listened to 

me, not discerning the horror which must have spo- 

ien from every lineament of my visage, were loth to 

believe my story. The smallness of the aperture in 

•the carpet, seen in the faint light which came from 

the fire-place, seemed of itself to belie the strange 

statement I made. Candles were soon brought, and, 

with the aid of a scythe-blade fastened to a pole, the 

•carpet was ripped open and turned over, displaying 

,a hole in the flooring large enough for a much stouter 

man than my unhappy friend to have fallen through. 

Charging the old folks and the servants not to stir 

from their position — they were all huddled in the 

passage outside the parlor — the Doctor and myself 

advanced cautiously to the hole and peered into it. 

Nothing but the blackness of darkness, the gloom as 

-of a bottomless pit, could we detect. We called 

^loud. 

"Woody I Woody J Mr. Mosby!" 



384 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

No sound came from the awful depth. 

A candle fastened to a string was let down. No- 
thing was visible. Many feet below it struck upon 
something and went out. We called again and 
again, and yet again. No answer. 

The motley group at the door, urged by irrepres- 
sible curiosity, pressed forward to have their look 
into the hole, but Dr. Arthur sternly drove them 
back. Our lives were already in imminent danger — 
there was no need to risk them further. Any in- 
crease of pressure upon the centre of the floor might 
make destruction certain. Once more we called, 
and once more let down the candle ; still no answer — 
nothing. 

"Poor Woody!" I exclaimed, bursting into tears, 
" he is gone — lost ! " 

Slowly, sadly, cautiously, we left the parlor. The 
Doctor locked the door, and each went his own way 
to ruminate upon and grieve over the awful tragedy. 

Tea was delayed ; the very thought of food was 
loathsome. Meanwhile, servants dispatched upon 
horses had spread the terrible news. Neighbors be- 
gan to come in. Some assembled in the chamber of 
the old couple and there discussed the remarkable 
event. Others, more timid, afraid to venture into 
the yard, were grouped about the kitchen and out- 
houses, talking in low but eager tones, and getting 
an entirely different version from each negro they 
questioned. 

The existence of a quicksand, or something more- 
horrible still, under the new house, was universally 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 385 

conceded. Everybody had suspected it years and 
years ago. Forgotten traditions were brought to 
light, and stories of coal-pits, wells, vaults, quarries, 
were brought forward to account for the strange ac- 
cident. 

" As to its being a coal-pit," said I to a party of 
gentlemen, "I must own that the conjecture is the 
most plausible of any yet offered ; but how do you 
account for the exclamation of Mr. Mosby — to wit : 
* Something or somebody is pulling me down V How 
do you account for the breaking of the floor under 
his hands?" 

" The floor was rotten, and his own weight might 
have done it," suggested one. 

"I cannot accept that supposition," I replied, "for 
Mosby is a man of sense and self-possession; and ad- 
mitting that he was, towards the last, frightened, at 
the first he was not. He conld not have mistaken 
the attraction of gravitation for the 'pulling of 
something or somebody.' Depend upon it," I added, 
"there is a mystery, a great mystery, connected with 
this matter." 

"My opinion is just this," said old Mr. Stinson, "I 
believe it as firmly as I'm a-livin', that thar's a nig- 
ger's den under that house, and it was a nigger caught 
him and pulled him down, and I reckon maybe a'most 
killed him — strangled him. I tell you these niggers 
is the devil." 

Surmises, conjectures, suspicions of every degree 
of absurdity were put forth, serving only to increase 
the mystery and to retard action. It was agreed 
11—25. 



386 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

that no steps should be taken during that night. In 
the morning the rickety house must first be pulled 
down and an exploration of the hole made, to dis- 
cover, if possible, the remains of my lamented friend. 

We were to sit up all night, holding ourselves in 
readiness in case anything should happen. 

"Hush!" suddenly ejaculated one of the talkers, 
"didn't you hear that?" 

"No, no.'' "What was it?" "Yes, I heard it; 
but it was only some of those fellows out by the 
gate," were the various replies. 

" Hush ! hush ! I tell you it warn't them fellers. 
Thar it is agin ! Don't you hear it ? By the livings, 
that man has come to life. That's him a-hoUerin' !" 

" Hello !" the voice said. "Hello-o-o!" Loud and 
clear it came, above all the din of tramping feet and 
questioning tongues. 

" Hello-o-o ! help me ! Why the devil don't you 
come and help me out of this?" Woody's voice, and 
no mistake. 

A general rush was made for the parlor. Remem- 
bering the frailty of the structure. Dr. Arthur, as- 
sisted by a resolute neighbor, drove all but a few of 
the coolest-headed of the crowd entirely out of the 
house into the yard. The passage-door was locked 
behind them. Lights were brought; the parlor was 
fairly illuminated. Once more we ventured to the 
edge of the dreadful hole, from the bottom of which 
Mosby's voice came up with singular distinctness. 

" Hello-o-o I You going to keep me here all night ? 
Hello-o-o ! I say !" 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 387 

^'Here we are, Woody; here we are, old fellow. 
Have you out in a minute. Keep cool." 

" Keep thunder ! I'm frozen to death !" 

"How deep is it?" 

"How do I know? About a mile, I reckon. 
Make haste, make haste ; I'm freezing." 

" Can you see the lights ?" 

"Can't see anything; been in the dark here so 
long the light blinds me. For the Lord's sake, be in 
ahurrv!" 

Judging, from the sound of his voice, he couldn't 
be very far below the surface. I cried out: 

" Hold up you hand — high as you can reach." 

"There it is. Can you see it?" 

"No. Stand up." 

" I am standing up." 

" Tiptoe, then." 

"Can't; my feet are glued to a rock or something 
down here." 

" Glued ?— how glued ?" 

"Don't ask questions — ^puU me out." 

By this time a rope had been brought, and was 
quickly let down the hole. 

" Catch hold of the rope." 

"Where is it?" he replied. "I hear it, but don't 
see it. Wait. Ah ! here it is. Pull away for your 
lives, but dpn't come too close to the hole — ^you'll 
break through." 

Half a dozen men caught hold of the rope and 
commenced to pull with might and main. 

" Stop ! stop ! You are pulling my arms off." 



388 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

" What's the matter ? Kope hitched ?" 

"No, the rope ain't hitched. I tell you my feet 
are glued to the bottom." 

"Mud," said several voices. 

" No, it ain't mud," he replied angrily ; " I tell you 
it's glue." 

"Can you feel it?" I asked; "can you feel the 
glue ?" 

"No, I can't feel anything; but I wish you would 
pull me out of here." 

Another tremendous pull, that made poor Woody's 
sinews crack. We could hear them. He begged us 
to desist, and, much against our wills, we did so. 

A light, as of revelation, flashed through my mind. 
I remember, his saying some one had "pulled" him 
down. 

"Anybody down there with you?" I shouted. 

" You needn't bawl so loud, I can hear everything 
you say. I can see some of you. No ; you know 
there is nobody down here with me. How the 
deuce could they get down without you seeing them ?" 

I was glad to hear him speak in this tone. It 
showed he was more angry than hurt. I had asked 
the question merely to dissipate the notion of old 
Mr. Stinson in regard to its being a negro's den. 

"Well, then," I answered, "I have solved the 
mystery. I have found out what your glue is. Jnst 
hold on one minute, and I'll have you out in the 
twinkling of a bed-post." 

Drawing out my dilapidated porte-monnaie, which 
I was half ashamed to show to the wondering group 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 389 

around me, I took out the steel pen, and placing it 
upon the floor a yard or more from the margin of 
the hole, awaited the result. As I had anticipated, 
the pen began to exhibit a sort of nervousness, whirl- 
ing this way and that, moving a little toward the 
hole. I pushed it a short distance in the direction 
it was going. It moved faster, faster, faster — faster 
still ; it jumped a foot, it flew down into the hole. 

" Hurrah !" I exclaimed, " hurrah ! you are stand- 
ing on a loadstone. Pull off your shoes; the nails in 
the soles are keeping you down." 

"Why in the d— 1 didn't I think of that before? 
Pull away now ?" 

And up he came with the greatest ease. He 
looked quite pale, very dirty, but was evidently not 
much injured. He wanted a drink and something to 
eat. Tiie door of the parlor was opened, he went 
through the passage into the yard, and the crowd 
greeted him with three cheers that rang loud and far 
through the night. 

Stunned for two hours in a cold hole, it was sur- 
prising how soon Mr. Woodbury Mosby recovered 
his color, his composure, his spirits. Having bor- 
rowed a pair of shoes, he made quick time to the 
supper table, where his friend Reid, unburthened of 
grief, joined him in a tremendous meal. The neigh- 
bors chatted a while after supper, and left with the 
promise to return in the morning to investigate the 
mysteries of the terrible hole. Worn out with ex- 
citement, we sought our pillows, not in our usual 
chamber over the parlor and the hole, but in a little 



390 * THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

attic room of the old and substantial part of the 
house. The doctor found lodgings in the same 
quarter. 

We had been in bed long enough for me to get 
into a sweet and profound slumber, when I was 
awakened by some one calling me softly: "Sam,. 
Sam ! Wake up, wake up !" . It was Woody. 

" What's the matter ?" I inquired in great surprise. 

" Hush ! Nothing's the matter. I want to talk 
with you." 

" What about ?" 

"Don't speak so loud. I want you to let me 
down that hole." 

"Woodbury Mosby, if you have nothing better to 
do than to wake me up at this time of night with 
your nonsense, I wish you would go back into your 
hole and stay there." 

"I am not joking. I swear to you I am going 
down that hole to-night. If you don't choose to ac- 
company me, I'll go alone." 

"For God's sake, don't go, Woody. The parlor 
door is locked; you'll wake up the whole house^ 
and—" 

In vain I endeavored to dissuade him. 

" Sam, I must go." 

There was something in the sound of his voice 
that guaranteed his earnestness. Determined to ac- 
company him, happen what might, foolish as the 
undertaking was, I still tried to restrain him. 

" Woody, what on earth is the use of going ? What 
do you expect to gain by it ?" 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 391 

" Hush ! Speak lower. I will tell you. You re- 
collect the tenor of our conversation this evening, 
just before the accident occurred? Well, I believe 
the whole thing was providential. Nothing happens 
by chance. Our days of poverty are over. There's 
money in that hole." 

At the word " money," I began to rise. 

"I know there is money there," he continued, 
"although I made no examination. I was stunned 
by the fall, and after I had regained consciousness, 
was too much alarmed to care for anything but my 
personal safety. I tell you, Sam, something's bound 
to come out of this. I feel it." 

I was already half dressed. 

"How deep is thehole?" I asked. 

"Not more than ten or twelve feet." 

"Not more than that? That's nothing. I'll go 
down with you. Remember, you musn't wear your 
shoes this time." 

"All right. Come ahead!" 

We crept noiselessly down stairs, holding our 
breath, walking very slowly, and with the utmost 
caution. No one heard us. Contrary to my ex- 
pectation, the parlor door was unlocked; the room 
was just as the crowd had left it — carpet ripped 
open, chairs set disorderly to the walls, the rope 
lying on the floor. 

The hole looked gloomy and forbidding enough. 
A cold, grave-like air seemed to well up from it. 

"Woody," said I, "there may be noxious gases 



392 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

down there. You had better not venture down 
again. Money is valuable, but not to a dead man." 

" Pooh ! why didn't the gases kill me when I was 
down there a little while ago ?" 

" At any rate it will do no harm to let the candle 
down. Carbonic acid gas will put it out, you know, 
if there is any down there." 

" Well, T don't care. But I know there is nothing 
to fear." 

With the aid of the rope, I dropped the candle to 
the very bottom, no great distance, as Woody had 
said. It burned somewhat dimly at first, but soon 
brightened up again. There was then no lack of 
oxygen — Woody might venture with safety. 

He caught the rope between his hands, and I 
gently eased him down. 

" Now let down the candle." 

I was left in darkness. A feeble light came up 
from the hole, revealing portions of my friend's form 
as he turned groping about for the hidden treasure, 
which 1 myself, with visionary hope, already counted 
on his finding. 

"See anything?" I inquired, bending far over the 
gloomy depth. 

"No; it's nothing but an infernal old well. See 
plenty of old fence rails and rubbish. Stop! hush! 
I've found the loadstone. By Jupiter ! here is some- 
thing; I thought I couldn't be mistaken." 

He commenced busily to pull at something, while 
I vainly strained my eyes to make out what he was 
after. This proceeding lasted a long time — he work- 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 393 

ing manfully, and 1 straining my eyes to discover 
the object he was tugging at. It seemed he would 
jQever have done. I was on thorns of excitement. 

" What is it ? what is it ?" I asked impatiently. 
^' Can't you get it up ?" 

No reply. 

He continued to pull and strain, resting a little 
from time to time, and then, blowing and puffing, 
again continuing the arduous labor. At last, to my 
infinite relief, he rose from his stooping posture and 
straightened himself up with a satisfactory " ah !" 

" Well, well," said I, eagerly. 

Still no answer. He remained silent for fully five 
minutes ; to me, standing above, in a fever of curi- 
^osity, it seemed an age. 

" Pull me up, pull me up," he at length said, in a 
itone partly of indifference and partly cheerful. I 
'Complied instantly, and he was no sooner landed up- 
on the parlor floor than I again began : 

" WeU ?" 

"Not a word for your life. If anybody should 
vOverhear us, the whole thing will be ruined." 

He drew himself up, as he spoke, to his full stature, 
.find looked me exultingly in the eye. 

" Well, for heaven's sake go on," I demanded. 
■" What did you find ? I am dying with impatience." 

" You know the loadstone ?" 

^' Yes, yes — what about it ?" 

" Well, the shoes are sticking fast to it, and so is 
that steel pen of yours." 

" Aha ! I thought so. Go on, go on." 



394: THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

" But the loadstone is no loadstone at all." 

" The deuce ! Not a loadstone ?" 

" No ; but — " and here he drew rae close beside 
him, and whispered in accents of triumph, which I 
can never forget, " no, it's not a loadstone, but it is 
something better — it's an iron chest !" 

"An iron chest .^" 

" Yes, sir. I knew I couldn't have fallen into that 
hole for nothing. But stay, this conversation had 
better be carried on away from the house ; some one 
might hear us ; walls have ears." 

" What ! Go away and leave the chest .^" 

" The best possible, the only way to secure it^ 
We can't be too cautious and circumspect. Come." 

I followed him out to some oak trees near the car- 
riage house, and about twenty yards from the dwell- 
ing. We trod softly as panthers, cursing inwardly 
the leaves which would crackle a little under our 
feet, although they were softened by the rain which 
had been falling gently during the last hour. 

Ensconced behind the oaks, he continued : 

" Yes, it is an iron chest, and no mistake. It haa- 
become powerfully magnetized in some way, and 
that accounts for the shoes and pen. I tried my best 
to pull the shoes — " 

" Curse the shoes !" I broke in. " What's in the 
chest ? Did you get into it ? Was it locked ? " 

" Yes, it was locked fast ; but the rutt had eaten a 
small hole through the top of it, and I distinctly saw^ 
the gleam of GOLD !" 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 395* 

A shudder ran over me, as he pronounced the 
word "^c?Z(/," in a deep, emphatic voice. 

" I saw the gold," he went on, " and what is more,. 
I felt it. I put my finger into the hole made by the 
rust, and felt about. The chest is filled with broad 
pieces, too broad to get through the hole, of solid, 
gold. — Spanish doubloons, I doubt not. How I 
longed to get some of them out." 

" Say no more, say no more !" I exclaimed in too 
loud a tone. "Say no more. We were fools for 
leaving the chest. We must have it up immediately,, 
immediately," and I started towards the parlor. 

"Hold!" said Woody. "Do you think I would 
ever have left the chest if it could have been gotten 
out so easily ? I tell you it is an immense chest; it 
weighs at least a thousand pounds. There must be 
half a million dollars in it — probably a million." 

At this announcement an ague of excitement seized 
me. Woody, too, was trembling. The stake was 
enormous. He continued : 

" It was for this purpose I called you out here — to 
concert measures how we may secure the prize with- 
out detection. It is impossible for us, unaided, to 
get the chest out, and to-morrow half the county 
will go into that hole." 

"What shall we do, what can we do?" I cried, 
wringing my hands in an agony of fear, lest, after all, 
we should lose this glorious fortune. 

Woody answered :• 

" One of two things must be done — either we must 
fill up the hole, so that no one shall be able to find 



^6 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

the chest, or we must announce the discovery and 
claim it." 

" But," I replied, " it is impossible to cover it up 
«o as to leave no traces of our work. Country peo- 
ple are proverbially curious, and they will dig to the 
•centre of the earth if to-morrow they find the dirt 
loose and recently placed there. And if you make 
known the discovery, the chest and all its contents 
will belong to Mr. Stinson, or rather to the gentle- 
man of whom he rents the land. K Mr. Stinson 
owned the place, I should urge you at once to go 
and tell him ; he is a whole-souled old fellow, and 
would give us fully half of the gold. But the real 
owner of the place is prodigiously close — even 
miserly ; all we could expect of him would be a beg- 
garly hundred dollars or so." 

" That's a fact," said Woody. " It's just our luck 
— we are the most accursed, the most unlucky fel- 
lows on earth." 

" But we must do something," 1 urged. " Day is not 
far distant, and then the whole affair will be knocked 
in the head. Is there no way of keeping this thing 
^ secret for a day or two at least, until we can de- 
vise some way of securing the prize ? What shall 
we do^ what shall we do ?" T was almost crying 
with anger and vexation. To be choused out of our 
wealth just the moment we obtained it, was too bad, 
too bad. It was enough to make the d — ^1 himself 
cry. 

Mr. Woodbury Mosby burst into a laugh, which I 
interpreted as fiendish. I expected next to hear him 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 39T 

propose to bum down the house and everybody in 
it. He continued to laugh. He laid down under- 
the oaks and laughed, rolled among the leaves and 
laughed. 

" Evidently hysterical," I said to myself. " Poor- 
fellow ! his nerves are weaker than mine. But thia 
is enough to unman anybody. Yet we are losing 
time, — precious time. Stop, Woody ! stop !" said I,., 
aloud, " for mercy's sake stop laughing and get up. 
Something must be done, and quickly. Do get up." 

He laughed still more wildly. I became alarmed. 

" Woody, if you can't stop laughing, I shall have 
to call Dr. Arthur. You will break ^ blood vessel if 
you go on in that way." 

This seemed to make him infinitely worse. He- 
no longer laughed — his breath was gone; but his 
frame shook in frightful convulsions. 

"Curse the hole, curse the chest, the gold, every- 
thing! The fellow is dying!" and I rushed off to 
awaken the doctor. 

Woody called me back in a feeble voice. I re- 
turned. 

" I — am — better — now," said the poor fellow, with 
great effort, his body still quivering. I held his head 
upon my knee, unloosened his vest and cravat, and 
moved him from under the tree, so that the rain 
might fall on his face. This seemed greatly to re- 
vive him, the quivering of his muscles ceased, he re- 
spired freely. I chafed his temples with wet leaves^ 
and assured him he would soon be well. But all the 
while I did not forget the iron chest, nor the fact 



398 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

that we were rapidly losing the only chance we 
would ever have of securing it. Deep as was my in- 
terest in ray friend, it was not deep enough to hide 
my avarice. I had been poor, we both had been 
poor, and suffered so much because of our poverty, 
it was a sin to have our noble fortune torn from us 
ere yet we had enjoyed the first dollar of it. Thus 
friendship and avarice strove in my breast. But as 
his consciousness returned. Woody commenced laugh- 
ing again, and I once more commenced to chafe his 
temples, doubting whether it would or would not be 
best to leave him there in the rain while I called the 
doctor. Cursing heartily our evil destiny, I continued 
to rub his temples, and to put off revealing the hid- 
den treasure to the very last moment. 

At length my unhappy friend rested calmly from 
his laughing, and, looking up to me, said, without 
emotion : 

" It's all a joke. There is no chest down there ! " 
" Mad ! " I ejaculated inwardly, " mad as a March 
hare. The excitement has turned his brain. Poor 
fellow ! poor fellow ! " 

He continued, without moving his position: 
" I am very weak. I have laughed myself nearly 
to death. But I couldn't help it — the joke was too 
^ood, and it took so admirably. Forgive me, Sam, 
the temptation was irresistible. Besides, I hated to 
acknowledge myself the fool of my own fancies — 
hated to admit that I had gone into that infernal 
hole in the middle of the night for nothing." 

There was something horribly rational in this 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 399 

talk. I bent over to look close into his eyes. They 
ivere as clear as a sunbeam. Dropping his head from 
my knee as if it had been a ball of fire, it was with 
a terrible effort I kept myself from crushing it un- 
der my heel, as I might easily have done in his then 
exhausted condition. He richly deserved it. But 
the joke had been carried too far. My brain began 
to reel under the reaction. I fainted. When I 
came to my senses, I found my friend performing 
for me the same kind offices I had shortly before 
performed for him. My anger returned as I re- 
membered the vile trick he had played upon me ; 
but I was too weak to attempt, and he too humble 
and apologistic to permit, the retaliation I had con- 
templated. 

Silently, wretchedly, we took our way to the little 
attic chamber and to bed. Coverlet never envel- 
oped two more miserable beings than were we that 
night. The angel Wealth, upon whose golden wings 
we had thought so surely to soar to 4:he highest 
heaven of delight, had flown quite away, leaving us 
•once more to confront the demon Poverty, with his 
cold, deadly stare — his bony, unrelaxing grasp. 

We could not sleep. Slowly the hours counted 
themselves away. Morning came — a dull, sneaking 
morning, mean and thief -like in approach, ready and 
filing to play any low and dirty part which might 
be assigned it in the wretched calendar of February. 
Ready enough to besmutch the fair face of Hope 
^ith foul shadows ; ready, like a vampire, to suck 
the life-blood from thin-clad Wretchedness; ready, 



400 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

above all things, to depress and dismay two such vie*- 
tiras as we who lay there in bed in the little attic- 
chamber. 

Heavy of heart and weak of limb, we donned our 
clothes and joined the family at the breakfast table- 
Neighbors were flocking in. Some had, and some 
had not heard the issue of the past night's adven- 
tures, at least so much of them as the public had! 
had a hand in. Concerning the midnight expedition 
of my friend and myself to the accursed hole, of 
course nothing was said. Many of the visitors were 
surprised to find any of the family alive. Reports 
most fearful had been put in circulation. The house- 
had been swallowed up by an earthquake, and every 
soul in it had perished. The negroes had risen in. 
arms from a secret den under the house, and had 
slain all the whites on the plantation. 

Congratulations, loud and warm, were tendered 
each and every one of us. Above all. Woody, as 
being the hero of the aflFair, was uproariously greeted 
on all sides. A thousand questions were asked ; it 
seemed the good people would never tire of interro- 
gating and congratulating. In their honest rejoic- 
ing we almost forgot the great trouble and disap-^ 
pointment of our own hearts. But vexations, like 
the foul birds that prey upon the slain of the battle- 
field, do not fly far. Scare them away, they soon 
return, more voracious than before. Thus was it 
with the hidden sorrow of our souls. The good- 
natured country folk could neither comprehend nor 
alleviate it. We could not forget how near we had 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 401 

come to wealth — ^how rich we had really been for a 
time — in our vain imagining. Reason vainly argued 
the case with Fancy and Hope. A thousand times 
it proved the absurdity of thinking more about our 
folly; a thousand times poor defeated Hope and 
Fancy returned to the charge, with "what might 
have been," "what ought to have been." Surely, 
surely, there should be some sudden and abundant 
compensation for the myriad outrages we had suf- 
fered at the hands of Fortune. As poverty had 
come upon us at a cruel and unexpected bound, 
against our will and in spite of all we could do to 
prevent it — as it had steadfastly remained with us — 
in like manner should the compensation come quickly 
and abide steadfastly with us. Thus argued our fool- 
ish hopes, obstinate and deaf to all the logic of rea- 
son. 

But now breakfast was over, and we must tho- 
roughly investigate this matter of the Hole. Three 
or four men were speedily at the bottom of it, call- 
ing loudly for candles, a half dozen of which were 
instantly lighted and let down to them. 

" Where is the loadstone ? " said Dr. Arthur, hu- 
morously. " I want to see the loadstone. A load- 
stone strong enough to keep a man down by the 
nails in the heels of his shoes, when six men were 
pulling him up, will be something worth looking 
at." 

"Loadstone indeed ! " replied old Mr. Stinson; "if 
thar's any loadstone down thar, all the men in crea- 
tion couldn't pull it up. It must be big as a moun- 

.II.— 26. 



( 



402 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

tain. My opinion is, thar's no loadstone about it ; 
it's iron ore magnetized ; thar's coal in this country, 
plenty of it, and you know iron and coal goes to- 
gether." 

" Yes," answered the doctor, " I know, but I want 

to find what it was that kept Mr. Mosby down there 
when we were all pulling at him last night. I say, 
down there ! d'you see anything of a loadstone ? " 

"No." 

. " Find any diflSculty in moving about with your 
shoes on." 

" Ain't got on no shoes, and so many of us down 
here can't hardly turn around, much more move 
about." 

This was true. The loadstone hypothesis had 
been generally accepted, and consequently the men 
who went down had taken the precaution of pulling 
off their shoes before descending. They were afraid 
of getting in the predicament my friend had been 
in the night before, and, I thought, not without rea- 
son. 

"If too many of you are down there, some had 
better come up." 

Two came up, leaving two still in the Hole. The 
Doctor, turning to me, said, smilingly : 

"There appears to be some mistake about your 
loadstone. Where could it have gone ? " 

" Where are Mosby's shoes ? " I retorted. 

" Ah 1 I had forgotten that. Hello ! down there, 
some of you; see if you can pull up Mr. Mosby's 
shoes." 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 403 

In a moment both of them, tossed from below, 
fell at our feet. The Doctor looked at me with a 
meaning glance. 

I was confounded ; so were the rest. 

"Told you 'twas iron ore," said Mr. Stinson. 

" Where did you find the shoes ? " I asked of the 
men in the Hole. 

"Down here," was the laconic and satisfactory 
answer. 

"I know that, but how did you manage to pull 
them up ? " 

"Didn't pull up nothing. The shoes was just 
layin' loose down liere on the dirt." 

" No ; they were layin' here, bottom up, fastened 
to nothing." 

"Do you mean to say the soles were uppermost?'^ 

" Yes, the soles was up." 

"We all now looked at Woody. He answered 
our looks with a' mysterious shake of the head. 

"Mr. Mosby," said the Doctor, "you must have 
been powerfully ^ skeered.' " 

Everybody laughed. Woody bore it very pa- 
tiently. 

"But," urged I, in his defense and my own, "ad- 
mitting he was ' skeered,' as you say, that don't ex- 
plain why he didn't come up when they were all pull- 
ing at him. Fear adds nothing to a man's weight, 
and you can see that he is not naturally heavy." 

" True," responded thie Doctor, " that does not ex- 
plain it. Maybe there is something down there that 
will. Let's inquire." 



404 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

It had now been settled that the hole was nothing 
more than an old caved-in well, partly filled up ; and 
the neighbors all with one accord began to remem- 
ber that there used to be a well in the yard before 
old Mr. Stinson rented the place, but a former resi- 
dent had built the new part of the house over it, and 
its existence had been forgotten. Accordingly, when 
Dr. Arthur began to question the men in the hole, 
the replies were precisely what every one expected. 
• "You don't see any loadstone down there?" 

"No." 

" Any stone of any sort ?" 

^'Nothing but some loose rock." 

"Anything else?" 

•^' Some old fence-rails." 

"That all?" 

" That's all." 

" Are you sure ?" 

"Sure." 

I suggested that the loadstone might possibly be 
Tinder the dirt ; perhaps a little digging would bring 
something to light. The proposition met with in- 
rfitant favor. Spades were brought; and the men 
below fell to work with a will, inspired probably by 
something of the same visionary hope which had im- 
pelled Woody and myself to make the midnight de- 
scent. After waiting awhile. Dr. Arthur again com- 
menced his questions. 

"Found anything? any loadstone, magnet— or 
glue .^" he added, turning his mischievous eye upon 
♦my unfortunate friend. 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 405 

"Not a dirn thing," replied one of the diggers, in 
a tone evidently of disappointment. 

"Stop!" said the other digger; "I've techt some- 
thin', certin. By goney! it's iron," he continued, 
digging away with all his might. 

We could hear his spade striking a metallic sub- 
stance. Woody and I exchanged painful glances. 

"Hurrah!" exclaimed the first digger, "hurrah! 
I see it, I see it; it's the top of something." 

My heart ceased to beat. Woody turned his fa(?e 
to me. It was white as death. His pale lips moved, 
but made no sound, yet I felt that he said, "That 
infernal chest, after all." I could have died of pure 
rage and vexation. Catching my friend by the 
sleeve, I pulled him with me towards the parlor door, 
not wishing the bystanders to observe the emotion 
we could not conceal. 

"Wait one minute, just one moment," he entreat- 
ed, hastily. 

"Why, d — n it all!" came up from the hole,. 
" Why, d — n it all ! it's nothing but a confounded old 
pot-lid, broken at that." 

There was a general laugh, in which it may be in- 
ferred that Woody and I joined most lustily. After 
some further digging, it was decided to give the 
thing up. Dr. Arthur advised them by all means to 
keep on; "they would certainly find one thing — ^if 
they stuck to it long enough." 

"What's that?" we all inquired. 

"The centre of gravity," he replied, sententiously. 

And so ended the mighty Hole delusion. 



406 THE STEEL PEN AND TflE HOLE. 

Within twenty minntes every visitor had left the 
premises, and the plantation had resumed its wonted 
dullness. Some of Mr. Stinson's hands were em- 
ployed in filling np the detestable Hole, and before 
night a carpenter had pnt new planks in the floor, 
the servant-girls had sewed up the carpet, Woody 
was thrumming away on the piano, and I was seated 
in a rocking-chair, precisely as I had been the eve- 
ning before. An observer would never have sus- 
pected a tithe of what ha^i happened in that room 
during the space of a few brief hours. The agony, 
the hope, the suspense, the horror, the joy, grief, 
despair, expectation, indifference, and the final dis- 
gust, experienced by my friend and myself at the up- 
shot of the whole affair, had left no traces upon the 
walls or furniture — hardly any upon our faces; none 
certainly in the glorious fire which crackled on the 
hearth and roared joyously up the tall chimney. 

As I sat there smoking, and enduring Woody's 
execrable improvisations upon the piano, the load- 
stone hypothesis again occurred to me. I couldn't 
get rid of it. And that night, when we were all as- 
sembled in the parlor, I again put at the Doctor. 

"Doctor, I can't get that loadstone out of my 
head. There is something about this business not 
yet explained — at least, not to my satisfaction." 

" Oh ! pshaw ! Mr. Mosby was ' skeered,' and you 
were bewildered. You had gotten Mr. Stinson's no- 
tion about the quicksands into your head, and his 
notions are enough to upset any man's understand- 
ing. That's the long and short of it." 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 407 

•^'But, I don't see why we couldn't pull Woody 
up." 

" I do," said Woody. 

" How ?" 

"Why, the fact is just this: I have been thinking 
about that affair all day, and there is but one conclu- 
sion a rational mind can come to. There was no 
loadstone down there — that's settled. If there had 
been, we should most certainly have found it. Now 
my private opinion is, that my feet got fastened 
somehow between or under the fence-rails, the ends 
of which were firmly imbedded in the sides of the 
well, and hence it is not to be wondered that you 
couldn't pull me up." 

"I declare," said the Doctor, "I didn't once think 
of that. That accounts for it perfectly. But, 
Woody, what was that which you said ^ pulled^ you 
down, in the first instance ?" 

"Upon my soul, I don't know. The Devil, I 
reckon." 

" I'll tell you what it was," said Mr. Stinson, « I'll 
tell you. Didn't you see them old cow-eech vines 
that was a liangin' around the mouth o' the well? 
Well, 'twas one o' them that caught him, and he 
bein' a little skeered like, thought it was somethin' a 
puUin' of him." 

" Mr. Stinson, I believe you are right," said Woody. 

"But there is another circumstance which all of 
you seem to have forgotten," said I, " a circumstance 
which does not admit of explanation, except upon the 
supposition of a loadstone or a powerful attraction of 



408 THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 

some sort. How do you account for the phenomena 
connected with the steel pen I placed on the floor^ 
and which was attracted into the Hole so quickly and 
so mysteriously ?" 

I asked this question, not without a tone and air 
of triumph. The Doctor was posed. 

"Fact," said he, "fact; the pen did go down the 
Hole — I saw it myself. I had forgotten it entirely* 
That is really a problem." 

He bowed his broad forehead upon his hand and 
sank into a fit of profound reflection. 

"Pshaw!" he at length broke out, "pshaw! I have 
it. The simplest thing in the world — I wonder it 
should have puzzled me a moment." 

I felt sure that he was mistaken, but was anxious- 
to hear his explanation. Not that I wished to see 
him at. fault, completely at fault, but that I objected 
to being driven from a position I had taken at first 
from a sudden impulse, but afterwards had delibe- 
rately maintained, and which facts seemed to cor- 
roborate. 

" Where did you put the pen — I mean upon what 
part of the floor ?" 

I showed him the precise spot. It was not far 
from the door leading into the passage. 

" I thought so," said he. 

" Why ?" 

" Was it windy last night ?" 

The relevancy of this question I could not at all 
perceive ; nevertheless I promptly answered : 

"Yes, just about night, it was quite windy." 



THE STEEL PEN AND THE HOLE. 409 



.a 



Well, when we were all in here, trying to pull 
Mr. Mosby out of the Hole, the door leading from 
the passage into the yard was open, was it not?" 

^' I belioTe it was." 

" The wind came from that side of the house — 
from the east ?" 

"Yes." 

" You say the passage-door was open ; how about 
the door leading from this room into the passage?" 

"That was closed to keep the negroes from ven- 
turing in." 

" The wind, then, was coming from the east — of 
course it came into the passage — and after getting 
there, I don't know," said he, quizzingly, " but I am 
fitrongly inclined to think it would rush under the 
only place it could rush, that is, under the parlor 
door, and in a pretty strong current — strong enough 
to drive a small object — say, for example, a steel 
pen — before it. And from the parlor door it would 
rush right across this floor, and of course right across 
the hole, if there was a hole in the floor — right into 
the flre-place, and right up the chimney ; taking good 
care, however, to drop on the way any little incum- 
hvance into any little opening it might chance to en- 
counter. In a word," concluded the Doctor, "your 
wonderful and mysterious pen was only indulging in 
a game of draughts^ 



FILL JOANSES. 

A MONEFUIi DiTTE. 



WHEN I wuz yung and in my priem, 
I had sum meat uppun my boanses ; 
I loss it all in sicks weeks' time, 
At a place they call Fill Joanses. 

Too and 20 yeer agoe it were — 

I cacklate it by my groanses — 
That I set 4th from Linchbng toun 

On a vizzit to Fill Joanses. 

Miss Bobry, she wnz with me, too, 
And Wilyum, bruther of Fill Joanses, 

Miss Jessie, with her eye so blue, — 
Wuz all a-stayin at Fill Joanses. 

'Twuz in the good old days of ole— 
We was Monnuks on our throanses — 

The crap was wuth its weight in gole, 
At the plais they call Fill Joanses. 

Fillup then were but a boy. 

And Sedden toddlin oar the stoanses, 
He holp us to cumpleet our joy 

While a-stayin at Fill Joanses. 



FILL JOANSE8. 411 

IBig Mister Willis at the mill, 

He had sum meat uppun Mb boanses ; 
-Frank Gnawl, he clum the red-clay hill, 

And Farmer John com down to Joanses. 

.Miss Mary Stannud, she was thar, — 

How mellojus was her toanses 1 
Anuther gearl that had black har, 

And menny mo'^ wuz at Fill Joanses. 

;Sech dinin out and dinin in, 

Sech driyin o'er the rocky stoanses 1 
My soul I I think it were a sin. 
The way they liv'd aroun Fill Joanses. 

iSech lamb and jelly — everything, — 

But I were usen to com poanses ; 
Fat mutton was the truck — by jing ! — 

That laid me out at Fillup Joanses. 

JFor from that day untoo this hour — 
The sartin faek to all well known is — 

JVIy stummuk, she have loss her power, 
And leff it all at Fillup Joanses. 

Dyspepsy are a fearful ill ; 

'Tis made of grunts and made of groanses ; 
:No tiem will settle that ar bill 

That I cuntrackted a,t Fill Joanses. 



412 FILL JOANSEa, 

My days is past in constnnt pain. 
My nites in eyerlastin moonses ; 

And oft I cnss, and coss in Tain, 
That fatal summer at Fill Joanses^ 

Bat sert'ny I dnz luv to eet, — 
Man wam't made to live on stoanses ; 

And now I know 'twuz hard to beat 
That blessid summer at Fill Joanses. 

Ah ! tiems is sadly changed since then ; 

The Yanks has got ns for thar oanses ; 
Thar's not a man, not one in ten, 

Livs like they lived at Fillup Joanses. 

Bad as I feel, ef I could bring 
Them days agin, I'd heish my groanses ; 

I'd fill my stummuk with mint sling, 
And dine wunst mo' at Fillup Joaoses. 

The good ole man is livin still. 
As youDg as ever in his boanses ; 

Lass tiem I clum the red-clay hill, 
They had good eatin at Fill Joanses. 

So mote it bee, so mote it bee, 

Twell deth shall heish up all our groanses ; 
For not twell then will I agree 

To eat no mo' at Fillup Joanses. 



