/ 


irynfij^  ^^'^S^lunf-^^ 


0~>\ 


"^- 


!.-> 


-^5 .    . 

TOUR 


ON 


THE     PRAIRIES. 


BY 


THE  AUTHOR  OF  "THE  SKETCH-BOOK." 


\ 


LONDON: 

JOHN  MURRAY,   ALBEMARLE   STREET. 

MDCCCXXXV. 


Sibliothek  Nr.  ^^ZIICTk 

Bandanzahl .     /f 

Abteilung:  *4^^JiA!J:^.K^, 


2-\Tt 


THE  NEW  YORK      | 
PUBLIC  LIBRARY* 

83965SA 

ASTOR,  LENOX   AND 

TILDEN  FOUNDATIONS 

R  1936  L 


PREFACE. 


It  is  the  intention  of  the  author  to  give 
the  accumulated  contents  of  his  portfolio, 
as  well  as  the  casual  lucubrations  of  his 
brain,  in  occasional  numbers,  published 
as  circumstances  may  permit. 

He  has  been  much  importuned  to 
write  an  account  of  a  tour,  which  he 
made  to  the  Far  West,  and  various  pub- 
lications on  the  subject  hav^e  been  an- 
nounced as  forthcoming  from  his  pen, 
when,  in  truth,   he  had  not  as  yet  put 

pen  to  paper.    To  meet,  in  some  degree, 

A  3 


VI  PREFACE. 

the  expectations  thus  excited,  he  now 
furnishes  a  portion  of  that  tour,  compris- 
ing a  visit  to  the  Buffalo  Prairies.  It  is 
a  simple  statement  of  facts,  pretending  to 
no  high-wrought  effect.  Should  it  give 
satisfaction,  however,  he  may  be  tempted 
to  give  further  sketches  of  American 
scenes  in  some  future  numbers. 


CONTENTS, 


CHAPTER  I. 

Page 
The    Prairie    Hunting-Grounds.  —  Travelling 

Companions.  —  A  Conamissioner. —  A  Vir- 
tuoso.— A  Seeker  of  Adventures. — A  Gil 
Bias  of  the  Frontier.— A  Young  Man's  An- 
ticipations of  Pleasure         -  -  -       1 

CHAPTER  H. 

Anticipation  disappointed. — New  Plans. — Pre- 
parations to  join  an  exploring  Party.  —  De- 
parture from  Fort  Gibson. — Fording  of  the 
Verdigris. — An  Indian  Cavalier         -  -     10 

CHAPTER  III. 

An  Indian  Agency.  —  Rifleman.  —  Osages. — 
Creeks,  Trappers,  Dogs,  Horses.  —  Half- 
breeds. —  Beatte  the  Huntsman         -  -     17 


Vlll  CONTENTS* 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Page 

The  Departure  -  -  -  -     24 

CHAPTER  V. 

Frontier  Scenes.  —  A  Lycurgus  of  the  Borders. 
— Lynch's  Law. — The  Danger  of  finding  a 
Horse.  —  The  young  Osage  -  -     28 

CHAPTER  VI. 

Trail  of  the  Osage  Hunters Departure  of  the 

Count  and  his  Party.  —  Deserted  War  Camp. 

—  A  Vagrant  Dog.  —  The  Encampment       -     37 

CHAPTER  VII. 

News  of  the  Rangers. — The  Count  and  his  In- 
dian Squh-e.  —  Halt  in  the  Woods — Wood- 
land Scene. — Osage  Village. — Osage  Visit- 
ers at  our  Evening  Camp  -  -  -     43 

CHAPTER  VIII. 

The  Ranger's  Camp  -  *  -     57 

CHAPTER  IX. 
A  Bee  Hunt  -  -  -  -     61 


CONTENTS.  IX 


CHAPTER  X. 

Page 
Amusements  of  the  Camp. — Consultations. — 

Hunter's  Fare  and  Feasting. — Evening  Scenes. 

—  Camp  Melody. — The  Fate  of  an  Amateur 

Owl  -  -  -  -  -     69 

CHAPTER  XL 

Breaking  up  of  the  Encampment. —  Picturesque 
March.  —  Game.  —  Camp  Scenes. — Triumph 
of  a  young  Hunter — 111  Success  of  old  Hunt- 
ers.—  Foul  Murder  of  a  Polecat  -         -     79 

CHAPTER  XII. 

The  Crossing  of  the  Arkansas  -  -     91 

CHAPTER  Xni. 

THE    CAMP   OF    THE    GLEN. 

Camp  Gossip.  —  Pawnees  and  their  Habits. — 
A  Hunter's  Adventure. —  Horses  found  and 
Men  lost     -  -  -  -  -     97 

CHAPTER  XIV.  * 

Deer  Shooting.  —  Life  on  the  Prairies.  — 
Beautiful  Encampment. —  Hunter's  Luck. — 
Anecdotes  of  the  Delawares,  and  their 
Superstitions  -  -  -  -  111 


CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  XV. 

Page 

THE    ELK    CAMP. 

The  Search  for  the  Elk. — Pawnee  Stories       -  123 

^  CHAPTER  XVI. 

A  sick  Camp.  —  The  March.  —  The  disabled 
Horse.  —  Old  Ryan  and  the  Stragglers. — 
Symptoms  of  Change  of  Weather  and  Change 
of  Humours  -  -  -  -  134? 

CHAPTER  XVII. 

Thunder  Storm  on  the  Prairies. — The  Storm 
Encampment. —  Night  Scene. —  Indian  Sto- 
ries.—  A  frightened  Horse  -  -  144 

CHAPTER  XVIII. 

A  grand  Prairie.  —  Cliff  Castle.  —  BuflPalo 
Tracks.  —  Deer  hunted  by  Wolves. —  Cross 
Timber       -----  153 

CHAPTER  XIX. 

Hunter's  Anticipations. — The  rugged  Ford. — 
A  wild  Horse  -  -  -  -  161 


CONTENTS.  XI 

CHAPTER  XX. 

Page 
THE    CAMP   OF    THE    WILD    HORSE. 

Hunter's  Stories. — Habits  of  the  Wild  Horse. 
— The  Half-breed  and  his  Prize. — A  Horse 
Chase. — A  wild  Spirit  tamed  -  -  169 

CHAPTER  XXI. 

The  Fording  of  the  Red  Fork. — The  dreary 
Forests  of  the  Cross  Timber. — Buffalo        -  182 

CHAPTER  XXII. 

THE   ALARM    CAMP. 

Fire.— The  wild  Indians         -  -  -  189 

CHAPTER  XXIII. 

Beaver  Dam.  —  Buffalo  and  Horse-tracks.  — 
A  Pawnee  Trail.  — Wild  Horses.  — The 
young  Hunter  and  the  Bear  -  -  205 

CHAPTER  XXIV. 

Scarcity  of  Bread — Rencontre  with  Buffaloes. 
—  Wild  Turkeys.— Fall  of  a  Buffalo  Bull     -  213 

CHAPTER  XXV. 
Ringing  the  Wild  Horse         -  -  -  22 


XU  CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  XXVI. 

Page 

Fording  of  the  North  Fork. — Dreary  Scenery 
of  the  Cross  Timber. —  Scamper  of  Horses 
in  the  Night. — Osage  War  Party. —  Effects 
of  a  Peace  Harangue.  —  Buffalo. — Wild 
Horse  -  -  -  -  -  229 

CHAPTER  XXVH. 

Foul-weather  Encampment.  —  Anecdotes  of 
Bear-hunting, — Indian  Notions  about  Omens. 
—  Scruples  respecting  the  Dead      -  -  237 

CHAPTER  XXVIII. 

A  Secret  Expedition. — Deer-bleating. — Magic 
Balls  -  -  -  -  -  254 

CHAPTER  XXIX. 

The  Grand  Prairie.  — A  Buffalo  Hunt  -  263 

CHAPTER  XXX. 

A  Comrade  Lost. — A  Search  for  the  Camp. — 
The  Commissioner,  the  Wild  Horse,  and  the 
Buffalo.— A  Wolf  Serenade  -  -279 

CHAPTER  XXXI. 
A  Hunt  for  a  lost  Comrade     -  -  286 


CONTENTS.  Xlll 


CHAPTER  XXXII. 

Page 
A  Republic  of  Prairie  Dogs    -  -  -  295 

CHAPTER  XXXIII. 

A  Council  in  the  Camp. — Reasons  for  facing 
Homewards. — Horses  lost.  —  Departure  with 
a  Detachment  on  the  homeward  Route. — 
Swamp. — Wild  Horse.  —  Camp  Scene  by 
Night.  — The  Owl  the  Harbinger  of  Dawn  -  301 

CHAPTER  XXXIV. 

Old  Creek  Encampment.  —  Scarcity  of  Provi- 
sions. —  Bad  Weather. — Weary  Marching.  — 
A  Hunter's  Bridge  -  .  .  315 

CHAPTER  XXXV. 

A  Look-out  for  Land. — Hard  travelling  and 
hungry  halting. — A  frontier  Farm-house. — 
Arrival  at  the  Garrison        .     '       -  -  325 


TOUR 


ON 


THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER   I. 

THE    PRAIRIE    HUNTING-GROUNDS.  TRAVELLING 

COMPANIONS. A  COMMISSIONER. A  VIRTUOSO. 

—  A    SEEKER    OF  ADVENTURES.  —  A  GIL   BLAS  OF 

THE  FRONTIER. A  YOUNG  MAN's  ANTICIPATIONS 

OF    PLEASURE. 

In  the  often- vaunted  regions  of  the  far  West, 
several  hundred  miles  beyond  the  Mississippi, 
extends  a  vast  tract  of  uninhabited  country, 
where  there  is  neither  to  be  seen  the  log- 
house  of  the  white  man  nor  the  wigwam 
of  the  Indian.  It  consists  of  great  grassy 
plains,  interspersed  with  forests  and  groves 
and  clumps  of   trees,  and  watered    by  the 

B 


2  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Arkansas,  the  Grand  Canadian,  the  Red 
River,  and  all  their  tributary  streams.  Over 
these  fertile  and  verdant  wastes  still  roam 
the  elk,  the  buffalo,  and  the  wild  horse,  in 
all  their  native  freedom.  These,  in  fact,  are 
the  hunting-grounds  of  the  various  tribes  of 
the  far  West.  Thither  repair  the  Osage,  the 
Creek,  the  Delaware,  and  other  tribes  that 
have  linked  themselves  with  civilisation,  and 
live  within  the  vicinity  of  the  white  settle- 
ments. Here  resort  also  the  Pawnees,  the 
Comanches,  and  other  fierce  and  as  yet  inde- 
pendent tribes,  the  nomades  of  the  prairies, 
or  the  inhabitants  of  the  skirts  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  The  region  I  have  mentioned 
forms  a  debatable  ground  of  these  warring 
and  vindictive  tribes.  None  of  them  pre- 
sume to  erect  a  permanent  habitation  within 
its  borders.  Their  hunters  and  ''  braves" 
repair  thither  in  numerous  bodies  during  the 
season  of  game  ;  throw  up  their  transient  en- 
campments, formed  of  light  bowers,  branches, 
and  skins  ;  commit  hasty  slaughter  among 
the  innumerable  herds  that  graze  the  prairies  ; 


PRAIRIE    HUNTING-GROUNDS.  3 

and,  having  loaded  themselves  with  venison 
and  buffalo  meat,  retreat  rapidly  from  the 
dangerous  neighbourhood.  These  expedi- 
tions partake,  always,  of  a  warlike  character  ; 
the  hunters  are  always  armed  for  action, 
offensive  and  defensive,  and  are  bound  to 
practise  incessant  vigilance.  Should  they  in 
their  excursions  meet  the  hunters  of  an  ad- 
verse tribe,  savage  conflicts  take  place.  Their 
encampments,  too,  are  always  subject  to  be 
surprised  by  wandering  war  parties,  and  their 
hunters,  when  scattered  in  pursuit  of  game, 
to  be  captured  or  massacred  by  lurking  foes. 
Mouldering  skulls  and  skeletons,  bleaching 
in  some  dark  ravine,  or  near  the  traces  of  a 
hunting-camp,  occasionally  mark  the  scene  of 
a  foregone  act  of  blood,  and  let  the  wanderer 
know  the  dangerous  nature  of  the  region  he 
is  traversing.  It  is  the  purport  of  the  fol- 
lowing pages  to  narrate  a  month's  excursion 
to  these  noted  hunting-grounds,  a  part  of 
which  had  not,  as  yet,  been  explored  by 
white  men. 

It    was    early  in  October,    1832,  that  I 

B  2 


4  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

arrived  at  Fort  Gibson,  a  frontier  post  of  the 
far  West,  situated  on  the  Neosho,  or  Grand 
River,  near  its  confluence  with  the  Arkansas. 
I  had  been  travelling  for  a  month  past  with 
a  small  party  from  St.  Louis,  up  the  banks 
of  the  Missouri,  and  along  the  frontier  line  of 
agencies  and  missions  that  extend  from  the 
Missouri  to  the  Arkansas.  Our  party  was 
headed  by  one  of  the  commissioners  appointed 
by  the  Government  of  the  United  States  to 
superintend  the  settlement  of  the  Indian  tribes 
migrating  from  the  east  to  the  west  of  the 
Mississippi.  In  the  discharge  of  his  duties, 
he  was  thus  visiting  the  various  outposts  of 
civilisation.  And  here  let  me  bear  testi- 
mony to  the  merits  of  this  worthy  leader  of 
our  little  band.  He  was  a  native  of  one  of 
the  towns  of  Connecticut ;  a  man  in  whom 
a  course  of  legal  practice  and  political  life 
had  not  been  able  to  vitiate  an  innate  sim- 
plicity and  benevolence  of  heart.  The  greater 
part  of  his  days  had  been  passed  in  the  bosom 
of  his  family,  and  the  society  of  deacons, 
elders,  and  select  men,  on  the  peaceful  banks 


TRAVELLING    COMPANIONS.  5 

of  the  Connecticut,  when  suddenly  he  had 
been  called  to  mount  his  steed,  shoulder  his 
rifle,  and  mingle  among  stark  hunters,  back- 
woodsmen, and  naked  savages,  on  the  track- 
less wilds  of  the  far  West. 

Another  of  my  fellow-travellers  was  Mr.  L. ; 
an  Englishman  by  birth,  but  descended  from 
a  foreign  stock,  and  who  had  all  the  buoy- 
ancy and  accommodating  spirit  of  a  native 
of  the  Continent.  Having  rambled  over  many 
countries,  he  had  become,  to  a  certain  de- 
gree, a  citizen  of  the  world,  easily  adapting 
himself  to  every  change.  He  was  a  man 
of  a  thousand  occupations ;  a  botanist,  a 
geologist,  a  hunter  of  beetles  and  butter- 
flies, a  musical  amateur,  a  sketcher  of  no 
mean  pretensions,  in  short,  a  complete  vir- 
tuoso ;  added  to  which,  he  was  a  very  inde- 
fatigable, if  not  always  a  very  successful, 
sportsman.  Never  had  a  man  more  irons  in 
the  fire ;  and,  consequently,  never  was  a  man 
more  busy  or  more  cheerful.  My  third  fel- 
low-traveller was  one  who  had  accompanied 
the  former  from  Europe,  and  travelled  with 

B  3 


6  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

him  as  his  Telemachus  ;  being  apt,  like  his 
prototype,  to  give  occasional  perplexity  and 
disquiet  to  his  Mentor.  He  was  a  young 
Swiss  count,  scarce  twenty-one  years  of  age, 
full  of  talent  and  spirit,  but  galliard  in  the 
extreme,  and  prone  to  every  kind  of  wild  ad- 
venture. Having  made  this  mention  of  my 
comrades,  I  must  not  pass  over  unnoticed  a 
personage  of  inferior  rank,  but  of  all-per- 
vading and  all-prevalent  importance  ;  the 
squire,  the  groom,  the  cook,  the  tent-man, 
in  a  word,  the  factotum,  and,  I  may  add,  the 
universal  meddler  and  marplot,  of  our  party. 
This  was  a  little  swarthy,  meagre,  wiry 
French  Creole,  named  Antoine,  but  familiarly 
dubbed  Tonish  :  a  kind  of  Gil  Bias  of  the 
frontier,  who  had  passed  a  scrambling  life, 
sometimes  among  white  men,  sometimes 
among  Indians  ;  sometimes  in  the  employ  of 
traders,  missionaries,  and  Indian  agents ; 
sometimes  mingling  with  the  Osage  hunters. 
We  picked  him  up  at  St.  Louis,  near  which 
he  has  a  small  farm,  an  Indian  wife,  and  a 
brood  of  half-blood  children.     According  to 


A    GIL    BLAS    OF    THE    FRONTIER.  y 

his  own  account,  however,  he  had  a  wife  in 
every  tribe  :    in  fact,    if  all   that  this  little 
vagabond  said  of  himself  were  to  be  believed, 
he  was  without  morals,  without  caste,  with- 
out creed,  without  country,  and  even  without 
language,  for  he  spoke  a  Babylonish  jargon 
of  mingled  French,  English,  and  Osage.    He 
was,  withal,  a  notorious  braggart,  and  a  liar 
of  the  first  water.      It  was  amusing  to  hear 
him  vapour  and  gasconade  about  his  terrible 
exploits  and  hairbreadth  escapes  in  war  and 
hunting.     In  the  midst  of  his  volubility,  he 
was  prone  to  be  seized  by  a  spasmodic  gasp- 
ing, as  if  the  springs  of  his  jaws  were  sud- 
denly unhinged  ;   but  I  am  apt  to  think  it  was 
caused  by  some  falsehood  that  stuck  in  his 
throat,  for  I  generally  remarked  that,  imme- 
diately afterwards,   there  bolted  forth  a  lie  of 
the  first  mao^nitude. 

Our  route  had  been  a  pleasant  one,  quar- 
tering ourselves  occasionally  at  the  widely 
separated  establishments  of  the  Indian  mis- 
sionaries, but  in  general  camping  out  in  the 
fine    groves    that  border  the    streams,    and 

B    4" 


TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

sleeping  under  shelter  of  a  tent.  During  the 
latter  part  of  our  tour,  we  had  pressed  for- 
ward, in  hopes  of  arriving  in  time  at  Fort 
Gibson,  to  accompany  the  Osage  hunters  on 
their  autumnal  visit  to  the  buffalo  prairies. 
Indeed,  the  imagination  of  the  young  count 
had  become  completely  excited  on  the  subject. 
The  grand  scenery  and  wild  habits  of  the 
prairies  had  set  his  spirits  madding,  and 
the  stories  that  little  Tonish  told  him  of 
Indian  braves  and  Indian  beauties,  of  hunting 
buffaloes  and  catching  wild  horses,  had  set 
him  all  agog  for  a  dash  into  savage  life.  He 
was  a  bold  and  hard  rider,  and  longed  to 
be  scouring  the  hunting-grounds.  It  was 
amusing  to  his  youthful  anticipations  of  all 
that  he  was  to  see,  and  do,  and  enjoy,  when 
mingling  among  the  Indians,  and  partici- 
pating in  their  hardy  adventures  ;  and  it  was 
still  more  amusing  to  listen  to  the  gascon- 
adings  of  little  Tonish,  who  volunteered  to  be 
his  faithful  squire  in  all  his  perilous  under- 
takings ;  to  teach  him  how  to  catch  the  wild 
horses,  bring  down  the  buffalo,  and  win  the 


A    GIL    BLAS    OF    THE    FRONTIER.  9 

smiles  of  Indian  princesses.  - —  "  And  if  we 
can  only  get  sight  of  a  prairie  on  fire ! "  said 
the  young  Count.  "  By  gar,  Til  set  one  on 
fire  myself!"  cried  the  little  Frenchman. 


B  5 


10  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  II. 

ANTICIPATION  DISAPPOINTED. — NEW  PLANS. — PRE- 
PARATIONS   TO    JOIN    AN    EXPLORING    PARTY. 

DEPARTURE    FROM    FORT    GIBSON. FORDING    OF 

THE    VERDIGRIS. AN    INDIAN    CAVALIER. 

The  anticipations  of  a  young  man  are  prone 
to  meet  with  disappointment.     Unfortunately 
for  the  Count's  scheme  of  wild  campaigning, 
before  we  reached  the  end  of  our  journeys 
we   heard   that   the  Osage   hunters  had  set 
forth   upon   their   expedition   to  the  Buffalo 
grounds.     The  young  Count  still  determined, 
if  possible,  to  follow  on  their  track,  and  over- 
take them  ;   and,   for  this  purpose,   stopped 
short  at  the  Osage  Agency,  a  few  miles  dis- 
tant from   Fort  Gibson,   to  make  enquiries 
and  preparations.    His  travelling  companion, 
Mr.  L.,  stopped  with  him ;  while  the  Com- 
missioner   and    myself    proceeded   to    Fort 
Gibson,  followed  by  the  faithful  and  veracious 
Tonish.     I   hinted   to   him  his  promises  to 
follow  the  Count  in  his  campaignings,  but  1 


NEW    PLANS.  li 

found  the  little  varlet  had  a  keen  eye  to 
self-interest.  He  was  aware  that  the  Com- 
missioner, from  his  official  duties,  would  re- 
main for  a  long  time  in  the  country,  and  be 
likely  to  give  him  permanent  employment, 
while  the  sojourn  of  the  Count  would  but 
be  transient.  The  gasconading  of  the  little 
braggart  was  suddenly,  therefore,  at  an  end. 
He  spoke  not  another  word  to  the  young 
Count  about  Indians,  buffaloes,  and  wild 
horses  ;  but,  putting  himself  tacitly  in  the 
train  of  the  Commissioner,  jogged  silently 
after  us  to  the  garrison.  On  arriving  at  the 
fort,  however,  a  new  chance  presented  itself 
for  a  cruise  on  the  prairies.  We  learnt  that 
a  company  of  mounted  rangers,  or  riflemen, 
had  departed  but  three  days  previous,  to 
make  a  wide  exploring  tour,  from  the  Ar- 
kansas to  the  Red  River,  including  a  part  of 
the  Pawnee  hunting  grounds,  where  no  party 
of  white  men  had  as  yet  penetrated.  Here, 
then,  was  an  opportunity  of  ranging  over 
these  dangerous  and  interesting  regions  un- 
der   the    safeguard    of   a   powerful    escort ; 

B  6 


12  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

protected,  too,  by  privilege  :  for  the  Com- 
missioner, in  virtue  of  his  office,  could  claim 
the  services  of  this  newly  raised  corps  of 
riflemen  ;  and  the  very  country  they  were  to 
explore  was  destined  for  the  settlement  of 
some  of  the  migrating  tribes. 

Our  plan  was  promptly  formed,  and  put 
into  execution.  A  couple  of  Creek  Indians 
were  sent  off  express  by  the  commander  of 
Fort  Gibson  to  overtake  the  rangers,  and 
bring  them  to  a  halt  until  the  Commissioner 
and  his  party  should  be  able  to  join  them. 
As  we  should  have  a  march  of  three  or  four 
days  through  a  wild  country  before  we  could 
overtake  the  company  of  rangers,  an  escort 
of  fourteen  mounted  riflemen,  under  the 
command  of  a  lieutenant,  was  assigned  us. 

We  sent  word  to  the  young  Count  and 
Mr.  L.,  at  the  Osage  Agency,  of  our  new 
plan  and  prospects,  and  invited  them  to 
accompany  us.  The  Count,  however,  could 
not  forego  the  delights  he  had  promised 
himself  in  mingling  with  absolutely  savage 
life.     In  reply,  he  agreed  to  keep  with  us 


PREPARATIONS  FOR  DEPARTURE.   13 

until  we  should  come  upon  the  trail  of  the 
Osage  hunters,  when  it  was  his  fixed  resolve 
to  strike  off  into  the  wilderness  in  pursuit  of 
them  ;  and  his  faithful  Mentor,  though  he 
groaned  at  the  madness  of  the  scheme,  was 
too  staunch  a  friend  to  desert  him.  A 
general  rendezvous  of  our  party  and  escort 
was  appointed,  for  the  following  morning, 
at  the  Agency.  We  now  made  all  arrange- 
ments for  prompt  departure.  Our  baggage 
had  hitherto  been  transported  in  a  light 
waggon,  but  we  were  now  to  break  our  way 
through  an  untravelled  country,  cut  up  by 
rivers,  ravines,  and  thickets,  where  a  vehicle 
of  the  kind  would  be  a  complete  impediment. 
We  were  to  travel  on  horseback,  in  hunters' 
style,  and  with  as  little  encumbrance  as  pos- 
sible. Our  baggage,  therefore,  underwent  a 
rigid  and  most  abstemious  reduction.  Each 
one  bestowed  his  scanty  wardrobe  in  a  pair 
of  saddle-bags,  and  those  by  no  means 
crammed  :  these,  with  his  great-coat,  were 
placed  upon  the  steed  he  rode.  The  rest  of 
the  luggage  was  put  on  pack-horses.     Each 


TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

one  had  a  bearskin  and  a  couple  of  blankets 
for  bedding,  and  there  was  a  tent  to  shelter 
us,  in  case  of  sickness  or  bad  weat^  er.  We 
took  care  to  provide  a  tolerable  stock  of 
flour,  of  coffee,  and  sugar,  with  a  small 
supply  of  salt  pork  for  emergencies,  as  we 
were  to  depend,  for  our  main  subsistence,  on 
the  chase. 

Such  of  our  horses  as  had  not  been  tired 
out  in  our  recent  journey  we  took  with  us  as 
pack-horses  or  supernumeraries  ;  but,  as  we 
were  going  on  a  long  and  rough  tour,  where 
there  would  be  occasional  hunting,  and 
where,  in  case  of  meeting  with  hostile  sa- 
vages, the  safety  of  the  rider  might  depend 
upon  the  goodness  of  his  steed,  we  took  care 
to  be  well  mounted.  I  procured  a  stout 
silver-grey,  somewhat  rough,  but  staunch 
and  powerful  ;  and  retained  a  hardy  pony 
which  I  had  hitherto  ridden,  and  which, 
being  somewhat  jaded,  was  suffered  to 
ramble  along  with  the  pack-horses,  to  be 
mounted  only  in  case  of  emergency. 

All  the  arrangements  being  made,  we  left 


DEPARTURE    FROM    FORT    GIBSON.      15 

Fort  Gibson  on  the  morning  of  the  10th  of 
October  ;  and,  crossing  the  river  in  front  of 
it,  set  off  for  the  rendezvous  at  the  Agency. 
A  ride  of  a  few  miles  brought  us  to  the  ford 
of  the  Verdigris,  a  wild  rocky  scene,  over- 
hung with  forest  trees.  We  descended  to 
the  bank  of  the  river,  and  crossed  in  strag- 
gling file  ;  the  horses  stepping  cautiously 
from  rock  to  rock,  and,  in  a  manner,  feeling 
about  for  a  foothold  beneath  the  rushing  and 
brawlinof  stream. 

Our  little  Frenchman,  Tonish,  brought  up 
the  rear  with  the  pack-horses.  He  was  in 
high  spirits,  having  experienced  a  kind  of 
promotion.  In  our  journey  hitherto  he  had 
driven  the  waggon,  which  he  seemed  to  con- 
sider a  very  inferior  employ ;  now  he  was 
master  of  the  horse.  He  sat,  perched  like 
a  monkey,  behind  the  pack  on  one  of  the 
horses  ;  he  sang,  he  shouted,  he  yelped  like 
an  Indian,  and  ever  and  anon  blasphemed 
the  loitering  pack-horses. 

As  we  were  crossing  the  ford,  we  saw,  on 
the  opposite  shore,  a  Creek  Indian  on  horse- 


16  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

back.  He  had  paused  to  reconnoitre  us  from 
the  brow  of  a  rock,  and  formed  a  picturesque 
object,  in  unison  with  the  wild  scenery  around 
him.  He  wore  a  bright  blue  hunting-shirt, 
trimmed  with  scarlet  fringe  ;  a  gaily  coloured 
handkerchief  was  bound  round  his  head,  some- 
thing like  a  turban,  with  one  end  hanging 
down  beside  his  ear  ;  he  held  a  long  rifle  in 
his  hand,  and  looked  like  a  wild  Arab  on  the 
prowl.  Our  loquacious  and  ever-meddling 
little  Frenchman  called  out  to  him  in  his 
Babylonish  jargon  ;  but  the  savage,  haying 
satisfied  his  curiosity,  tossed  his  hand  in  the 
air,  turned  the  head  of  his  steed,  and,  gallop- 
ing along  the  shore,  soon  disappeared  among 
the  trees. 


17 


CHAPTER  III. 

AN     INDIAN     AGENCY.  RIFLEMAN.  OS  AGES. 

CREEKS,      TRAPPERS,      DOGS,      HORSES.  HALF- 
BREEDS. BEATTE    THE    HUNTSMAN. 

Having  crossed  the  ford,  we  soon  reached 
the  Osage  Agency,  where  Colonel  Choteau 
has  his  offices  and  magazines,  for  the  de- 
spatch of  Indian  affairs,  and  the  distribution 
of  presents  and  supplies.  It  consisted  of  a 
few  log-houses  on  the  banks  of  the  river,  and 
presented  a  motley  frontier  scene.  Here  was 
our  escort  awaiting  our  arrival  :  some  were 
on  horseback,  some  on  foot,  some  seated  on 
the  trunks  of  fallen  trees,  some  shooting  at 
a  mark.  They  were  a  heterogeneous  crew  ; 
some  in  frock  coats  made  of  green  blankets, 
others  in  leathern  hunting-shirts  ;  but  the 
most  part  in  marvellously  ill-cut  garments, 
much  the  worse  for  wear,  and  evidently  put 
on  for  rugged  service. 

Near  by  these  was  a  group  of  Osages ; 


18  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Stately  fellows ;  stern  and  simple  in  garb 
and  aspect.  They  wore  no  ornaments,  and 
their  dress  consisted  merely  of  blankets,  lea- 
thern leggings,  and  mocassins.  Their  heads 
were  bare,  their  hair  was  cropped  close,  ex- 
cept a  bristling  ridge  on  the  top,  like  the 
crest  of  a  helmet,  with  a  long  scalp-lock 
hanging  behind.  They  had  fine  Roman 
countenances,  and  broad  deep  chests  ;  and, 
as  they  generally  wore  their  blankets  wrapped 
round  their  loins,  so  as  to  leave  the  bust  and 
arms  bare,  they  looked  like  so  many  noble 
bronze  figures.  The  Osages  are  the  finest- 
looking  Indians  I  have  seen  in  the  West. 
They  have  not  yielded  sufficiently,  as  yet,  to 
the  influence  of  civilisation,  to  lay  by  their 
simple  Indian  garb,  or  to  lose  the  habits  of 
the  hunter  and  the  warrior,  and  their  poverty 
prevents  their  indulging  in  much  luxury  of 
apparel. 

In  contrast  to  these  was  a  gaily  dressed 
party  of  Creeks.  There  is  something,  at  the 
first  glance,  quite  Oriental  in  the  appearance 
of  this  tribe.     They  dress  in  calico  hunting- 


AN    INDIAN    AGENCY.  ,        19 

shirts  of  various  brilliant  colours,  decorated 
with  bright  fringes,  and  belted  with  broad 
girdles  embroidered  with  beads  ;  they  have 
leggings  of  dressed  deer-skins,  or  of  green 
or  scarlet  cloth,  with  embroidered  knee-bands 
and  tassels.  Their  mocassins  are  fancifully 
wrought  and  ornamented,  and  they  wear 
gaudy  handkerchiefs  tastefully  bound  round 
their  heads. 

Besides  these,  there  was  a  sprinkling  of 
trappers,  hunters,  half-breeds,  Creoles,  ne- 
groes of  every  hue  ;  and  all  that  other  rabble 
rout  of  nondescript  beings  that  keep  about 
the  frontier,  between  civilised  and  savage 
life  ;  as  those  equivocal  birds  the  bats  hover 
about  the  confines  of  light  and  darkness.  ^^^  ^ 

The  little  hamlet  of  the  Agency  was  in  a 
complete  bustle  ;  the  blacksmith's  shed,  in 
particular,  was  a  scene  of  preparation.  A 
strapping  negro  was  shoeing  a  horse  ;  two 
half-breeds  were  fabricating  iron  spoons  in 
which  to  melt  lead  for  bullets.  An  old 
trapper,  in  leathern  hunting-frock  and  mo- 
cassins, had  placed  his  rifle  against  a  work- 


20  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

bench,  while  he  superintended  the  operation, 
and  gossiped  about  his  hunting  exploits ; 
several  large  dogs  were  lounging  in  and  out 
of  the  shop,  or  sleeping  in  the  sunshine,  while 
a  little  cur,  with  head  cocked  on  one  side, 
and  one  ear  erect,  was  watching,  ^vith  that 
curiosity  common  to  little  dogs,  the  progress 
of  shoeing  the  horse,  as  if  studying  the  art, 
or  waiting  for  his  turn  to  be  shod. 

We  found  the  Count  and  his  companion, 
the  virtuoso,  ready  for  the  march.  As  they 
intended  to  overtake  the  Osages,  and  pass 
some  time  in  hunting  the  buffalo  and  wild 
horse,  they  had  provided  themselves  accord- 
ingly ;  having,  in  addition  to  the  steeds  which 
they  used  for  travelling,  others  of  prime  qua- 
lity, which  were  to  be  led  when  on  the  march, 
and  only  to  be  mounted  for  the  chase. 

They  had,  moreover,  engaged  the  services 
of  a  young  man  named  Antoine  ;  a  half- 
breed  of  French  and  Osage  origin.  He  was 
to  be  a  kind  of  jack-of-all-work  ;  to  cook,  to 
hunt,  and  to  take  care  of  the  horses  ;  but  he 
had  a  vehement  propensity  to  do  nothing, 


PIERRE    BEATTE.  12 

being  one  of  the  worthless  brood  engendered 
and  brought  up  among  the  missions.  He 
was,  moreover,  a  little  spoiled  by  being  really 
a  handsome  young  fellow,  an  Adonis  of  the 
frontier,  and  still  more,  by  fancying  himself 
highly  connected,  his  sister  being  concubine 
to  an  opulent  white  trader ! 

For  our  own  parts,  the  Commissioner  and 
myself  were  desirous,  before  setting  out,  to 
procure  another  attendant  well  versed  in 
wood-craft,  who  might  serve  as  a  hunter ; 
for  our  little  Frenchman  would  have  his 
hands  full,  when  in  camp,  in  cooking,  and  on 
the  march,  in  taking  care  of  the  pack-horses. 
Such  a  one  presented  himself,  or  rather  was 
recommended  to  us,  in  Pierre  Beatte,  a  half- 
breed  of  French  and  Osage  parentage.  We 
were  assured  that  he  was  acquainted  with  all 
parts  of  the  country,  having  traversed  it  in 
all  directions,  both  in  hunting  and  war  par- 
ties ;  that  he  would  be  of  use  both  as  guide 
and  interpreter,  and  that  he  was  a  first-rate 
hunter. 
i         I  confess  I  did  not  like  his  looks  when  he 


2^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

was  first  pointed  out  to  me.  He  was  loung- 
ing about  in  an  old  hunting-frock  and  me- 
tusses,  or  leggings,  of  deerskin  soiled  and 
greased,  and  almost  jappanned  by  constant 
use.  He  was  apparently  about  thirty-six 
years  of  age,  square  and  strongly  built.  His 
features  were  not  bad,  being  shaped  not  un- 
like those  of  Napoleon,  but  sharpened  up, 
with  high  Indian  cheek-bones.  Perhaps  the 
dusky  greenish  hue  of  his  complexion  added 
to  his  resemblance  to  an  old  bronze  bust  I 
had  seen  of  the  Emperor.  He  had,  how- 
ever, a  sallow,  saturnine  expression,  set  off 
by  a  slouched  woollen  hat,  and  elf-locks  that 
hung  about  his  ears. 

Such  was  the  appearance  of  the  man,  and 
his  manners  were  equally  unprepossessing. 
He  was  cold  and  laconic  ;  made  no  promises 
nor  profession^ ;  stated  the  terms  he  required 
for  the  services  of  himself  and  his  horse, 
which  we  thought  rather  high,  but  he  showed 
no  disposition  to  abate  them,  nor  any  anxiety 
to  secure  our  employ.  He  had,  altogether, 
more  of  the  red  than  the  white  man  in  his 


PREPARATIONS  FOR  THE  JOURNEY.   ^3 

composition  ;  and,  as  I  had  been  taught  to 
look  upon  all  half-breeds  with  distrust,  as  an 
uncertain  and  faithless  race,  I  would  gladly 
have  dispensed  with  the  services  of  Pierre 
Beatte.  We  had  no  time,  however,  to  look 
about  for  any  one  more  to  our  taste,  and  had 
to  make  arrangements  with  him  on  the  spot. 
He  then  set  about  making  his  preparations 
for  the  journey,  promising  to  join  us  at  our 
evening's  encampment. 

One  thing  was  yet  wanting  to  fit  me  out 
for  the  prairies — a  thoroughly  trustworthy 
steed.       I  was  not  mounted  to    my   mind. 
The  grey  I  had  bought,  though  strong  and 
serviceable,  was  rough.      At  the  last  moment 
I  succeeded  in  getting  an  excellent  animal  ; 
a  dark  bay ;  powerful,  active,  generous-spi- 
rited, and  in  capital  condition.     I  mounted 
him  with  exultation,  and  transferred  the  sil- 
ver grey  to  little  Tonish ;   who  was  in  such 
ecstasies  at  finding  himself  so  completely  en 
cavalier^  that  I  feared  he  might  realise  the 
ancient  and  well-known  proverb  of  the  beggar 
on  horseback. 


24  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  IV. 


THE   DEPARTURE. 


The  long-dra^vn  notes  of  a  bugle  at  length 
gave  the  signal  for  departure.  The  rangers 
filed  off  in  a  straggling  line  of  march  through 
the  woods  ;  we  were  soon  on  horseback,  and 
following  on,  but  were  detained  by  the  irre- 
gularity of  the  pack-horses.  They  w^ere  un- 
accustomed to  keep  the  line,  and  straggled 
from  side  to  side  among  the  thickets,  in  spite 
of  all  the  pesteing  and  bedevilling  of  Tonish, 
who,  mounted  on  his  gallant  grey,  with  a 
long  rifle  on  his  shoulder,  worried  after  them, 
besto\ving  a  superabundance  of  dry  blows 
and  curses. 

We  soon,  therefore,  lost  sight  of  our  es- 
cort, but  managed  to  keep  on  their  track, 
threading  lofty  forests  and  entangled  thickets, 
and  passing  by  Indian  wigwams  and  negro 
huts,  until  towards  dusk,  when  we  arrived 


FRONTIER    FARM-HOUSE.  25 

at  a  frontier  farm-house,  owned  by  a  settler 
by  the  name  of  Berryhlll.  It  was  situated 
on  a  hill,  below  which  the  rangers  had  en- 
camped in  a  circular  grove,  on  the  margin  of 
a  stream.  The  master  of  the  house  received 
us  civilly,  but  could  offer  us  no  accommo- 
dation, for  sickness  prevailed  in  his  family. 
He  appeared,  himself,  to  be  in  no  very  thriv- 
ing condition  ;  for,  though  bulky  in  frame,  he 
had  a  sallow,  unhealthy  complexion,  and  had 
a  whiffling  double  voice,  shifting  abruptly 
from  a  treble  to  a  thorough  bass. 

Finding  his  log-house  was  a  mere  hospital, 
crowded  with  invalids,  we  ordered  our  tent 
to  be  pitched  in  the  farm-yard. 

We  had  not  been  long  encamped  when 
our  recently  engaged  attendant,  Beatte,  the 
Osage  half-breed,  made  his  appearance.  He 
came  mounted  on  one  horse,  and  leading  an- 
other, which  seemed  to  be  well  packed  with 
supplies  for  the  expedition.  Beatte  was  evi- 
dently an  "  old  soldier,"  as  to  the  art  of 
taking  care  of  himself,  and  looking  out  for 
emergencies.  Finding  that  he  was  in  Govern- 

c 


^6  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ment  employ,  being  engaged  by  the  Com- 
missioner, he  had  drawn  rations  of  flour  and 
bacon,  and  put  them  up  so  as  to  be  weather- 
proof. In  addition  to  the  horse  for  the  road, 
and  for  ordinary  service,  which  was  a  rough 
hardy  animal,  he  had  another  for  hunting. 
This  was  of  a  mixed  breed,  like  himself, 
being  a  cross  of  the  domestic  stock  with  the 
wild  horse  of  the  prairies  ;  and  a  noble  steed 
it  was,  of  generous  spirit,  fine  action,  and 
admirable  bottom.  He  had  taken  care  to 
have  his  horses  well  shod  at  the  Agency.  He 
came  prepared  at  all  points  for  war  or  hunt- 
ing ;  his  rifle  on  his  shoulder,  his  powder- 
horn  and  bullet-pouch  at  his  side,  his  hunt- 
ing-knife stuck  in  his  belt,  and  coils  of 
cordage  at  his  saddle-bow,  which,  we  were 
told,  were  lariats^  or  noosed  cords,  used  in 
catching  the  wild  horse. 

Thus  equipped  and  provided,  an  Indian 
hunter  on  a  prairie  is  like  a  cruiser  on  the 
ocean,  perfectly  independent  of  the  world, 
and  competent  to  self-protection  and  self- 
maintenance.      He   can    cast    himself  loose 


PIERRE  BEATTE.  ^7 

from  every  one,  shape  his  own  course,  and 
take  care  of  his  own  fortunes.  I  thought 
Beatte  seemed  to  feel  his  independence,  and 
to  consider  himself  superior  to  us  all,  now 
that  we  were  launching  into  the  wilderness. 
He  maintained  a  half-proud,  half-sullen  look, 
and  great  taciturnity  ;  and  his  first  care  was 
to  unpack  his  horses,  and  put  them  in  safe 
quarters  for  the  night.  His  whole  demeanour 
was  in  perfect  contrast  to  our  vapouring, 
chattering,  bustling  little  Frenchman.  The 
latter,  too,  seemed  jealous  of  this  new-comer. 
He  whispered  to  us  that  these  half-breeds 
were  a  touchy,  capricious  people,  little  to  be 
depended  upon  ;  that  Beatte  had  evidently 
come  prepared  to  take  care  of  himself ;  and 
that,  at  any  moment  in  the  course  of  our 
tour,  he  would  be  liable  to  take  some  sudden 
disgust  or  affront,  and  abandon  us  at  a  mo- 
ment's warning,  having  the  means  of  shift- 
ing for  himself,  and  being  perfectly  at  home 
on  the  prairies. 


c  2 


28  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  V. 

FRONTIER  SCENES. A  LYCURGUS  OF  THE  BOR- 
DERS.  LYNCH'S  law.  —  THE  DANGER  OF  FIND- 
ING  A    HORSE. THE    YOUNG    OSAGE. 

Ox  the  following  morning  (Oct.  11.)  we 
were  on  the  march  by  half  past  seven  o'clock, 
and  rode  through  deep  rich  bottoms  of  al- 
luvial soil,  overgrown  with  redundant  vege- 
tation and  trees  of  an  enormous  size.  Our 
route  lay  parallel  to  the  west  bank  of  the 
Arkansas,  on  the  borders  of  which  river, 
near  the  confluence  of  the  Red  Fork,  we  ex- 
pected to  overtake  the  main  body  of  rangers. 
For  some  miles  the  country  was  sprinkled 
with  Creek  villages  and  farm-houses,  the  in- 
habitants of  which  appeared  to  have  adopted, 
with  considerable  facility,  the  rudiments  of 
civilisation,  and  to  have  thriven  in  conse- 
quence.     Their    farms   were  well    stocked. 


CREEK    INDIANS.  *29 

and  tlieir  houses  displayed  comfort  and 
abundance. 

We  met  with  num^bers  of  them  returning 
from  one  of  those  grand  games  of  ball,  for 
which  their  nation  is  celebrated.  Some  were 
on  foot,  some  on  horseback  ;  the  latter,  oc- 
casionally, with  gaily  dressed  females  behind 
them.  They  are  a  well-made  race,  muscular, 
and  closely  knit,  with  well-turned  thighs  and 
legs.  They  have  a  gipsy  fondness  for  bril- 
liant colours  and  gay  decorations,  and  are 
bright  and  fanciful  objects  when  seen  at  a 
distance  from  the  prairies.  One  had  a 
scarlet  handkerchief  bound  round  his  head, 
surmounted  with  a  tuft  of  black  feathers  like 
a  cock's  tail.  Another  had  a  white  hand- 
kerchief, wrth  red  feathers  ;  while  a  third, 
for  want  of  a  plume,  had  stuck  in  his  turban 
a  brilliant  bunch  of  sumach. 

On  the  verge  of  the  wilderness  we  paused 
to  enquire  our  way  at  a  log-house,  owned 
by  a  white  settler  or  squatter  —  a  tall,  raw- 
boned,  old  fellow,  with  red  hair,  a  lank 
lantern    visage,   and  an   inveterate  habit  of 

c  3 


30  TOUR   ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

winking"  with  one  eye,  as  if  every  thing  he 
said  was  of  knowing  import.  He  was  in  a 
towering  passion.  One  of  his  horses  was 
missing :  he  swore  it  had  been  stolen  in  the 
night  by  a  stragghng  party  of  Osages,  en- 
camped in  a  neighbouring  swamp.  But  he 
would  have  satisfaction  !  he  would  make  an 
example  of  the  villains  !  He  had,  accord- 
ingly caught  down  the  rifle  from  the  wall, 
that  invariable  enforcer  of  right  or  wrong 
upon  the  frontiers  ;  and,  having  saddled  his 
steed,  was  about  to  sally  on  a  foray  into 
the  swamp,  while  a  brother  squatter,  with 
rifle  in  hand,  stood  ready  to  accompany  him. 

We  endeavoured  to  calm  the  old  cam- 
paigner of  the  prairies,  by  suggesting  that 
his  horse  might  have  strayed  into  the  neigh- 
bouring woods  ;  but  he  had  the  frontier  pro- 
pensity to  charge  every  thing  to  the  fault  of 
the  Indians,  and  nothing  could  dissuade  him 
from  carrying  fire  and  sword  into  the  swamp. 

After  riding  a  few  miles  farther,  we  lost 
the  trail  of  the  main  body  of  rangers,  and 
became    perplexed   by  a    variety    of  tracks 


MODE    OF    TRAVELLING.  31 

made  by  the  Indians  and  settlers.  At  length, 
coming  to  a  log-house,  inhabited  by  a  white 
man,  the  very  last  on  the  frontier,  we  fomid 
that  we  had  wandered  from  our  true  course. 
Taking  us  back  for  some  distance,  he  again 
brought  us  to  the  right  trail ;  putting  ourselves 
upon  which,  we  took  our  final  departure,  and 
launched  into  the  broad  wilderness. 

The  trail  kept  on,  like  a  straggling  foot- 
path, over  hill  and  dale,  through  bush  and 
brake,  and  tangled  thicket,  and  open  prairie. 
In  traversing  the  wilds,  it  is  customary  for 
a  party,  either  of  horse  or  foot,  to  follow 
each  other  in  single  file,  like  the  Indians,  so 
that  the  leaders  break  the  way  for  those  who 
follow,  and  lessen  their  labour  and  fatigue. 
In  this  way  also,  the  number  of  a  party  is 
concealed,  the  whole  leaving  but  one  well- 
trampled  narrow  track  to  mark  their  course. 

We  had  not  long  regained  the  trail,  when, 
on  emerging  from  a  forest,  we  beheld  our 
raw-boned,  hard-winking,  hard-riding  knight 
errant  of  the  frontier,  descending  the  slope 
of  a  hill,  followed  by  his  companion  in  arms. 

c  4 


S2  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

As  he  drew  near  to  us,  the  gauntness  of  his 
figure,  and  ruefulness  of  his  aspect,  reminded 
me  of  the  descriptions  of  the  hero  of  La 
Mancha ;  and  he  was  equally  bent  on  affairs 
of  doughty  emprize,  being  about  to  penetrate 
the  thickets  of  the  perilous  swamp,  within 
which  the  enemy  lay  ensconced. 

While  we  were  holding  a  parley  with  him 
on  the  slope  of  the  hill,  we  descried  an  Osage 
on  horseback,  issuing  out  of  a  skirt  of  wood 
about  half  a  mile  off,  and  leading  a  horse  by 
a  halter.  The  latter  was  immediately  re- 
cognised by  our  hard-winking  friend  as  the 
steed  of  which  he  was  in  quest.  As  the 
Osage  drew  near,  I  was  struck  with  his  ap- 
pearance. He  was  about  nineteen  or  twenty 
years  of  age,  but  well  grown,  with  the  fine 
Roman  countenance  common  to  his  tribe  ; 
and  as  he  rode,  with  his  blanket  wrapped 
round  his  loins,  his  naked  bust  would  have 
furnished  a  model  for  a  statuary.  He  was 
mounted  on  a  beautiful  piebald  horse,  a 
mottled  white  and  brown,  of  the  wild  breed 
of  the  prairies,  decorated  with  a  broad  collar, 


"  lynch's  law."  3o 

from  which  hung  in  front  a  tuft  of  horsehair 
dyed  of  a  bright  scarlet. 

The  youth  rode  slowly  up  to  us  with  a 
frank  open  air,  and  signified,  by  means  of 
our  interpreter,  Beatte,  that  the  horse  he  was 
leading  had  wandered  to  their  camp,  and  he 
was  now  on  his  way  to  conduct  him  back  to 
his  owner.     I  had  expected  to  witness   an 
expression  of  gratitude  on  the  part   of  our 
hard-favoured  cavalier  ;  but,  to  my  surprise, 
the    old    fellow    broke    out    into    a    furious 
passion.     He  declared  that  the  Indians  had 
carried  off  his  horse  in  the  night,  with  the 
intention  of  bringing  him  home  in  the  morn- 
ing, and  claiming  a  reward  for  finding  him ; 
a  common  practice,  as  he  affirmed,  among 
the  Indians.      He  was,   therefore,  for  tying 
the  young  Indian  to  a  tree  and  giving  him  a 
sound  lashing ;  and  was  quite  surprised  at 
the  burst   of  indignation    which   this   novel 
mode  of  requiting  a  service  drew  from  us. 
Such,  however,  is  too  often  the  administration 
of  law  on  the  frontier  :    **  Lynch's  Law,"  as 
it  is  technically  termed  ;  in  which  the  plaintiff 

c  5 


34  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

is  apt  to  be  witness,  jury,  judge,  and  execu- 
tioner ;  and  the  defendant  to  be  convicted  and 
punished  on  mere  presumption  ;  and  in  this 
way,  I  am  convinced,  are  occasioned  many 
of  those  heart-burnings  and  resentments 
among  the  Indians  which  lead  to  retahation, 
and  eventuate  in  Indian  wars.  Wlien  I  com- 
pared the  open,  noble  countenance,  and  frank 
demeanour  of  the  young  Osage,  with  the 
sinister  visage  and  high-handed  conduct  of 
the  frontiers-man,  I  felt  little  doubt  on  whose 
back  a  lash  would  be  most  meritoriously 
bestowed. 

Being  thus  obliged  to  content  himself  with 
the  recovery  of  his  horse,  without  the  plea- 
sure of  flogging  the  finder  into  the  bargain, 
the  old  Lycurgus,  or  rather  Draco,  of  the 
frontier,  set  off  growling  on  his  return  home- 
wards, followed  by  his  brother  squatter. 

As  for  the  youthful  Osage,  we  were  all 
prepossessed  in  his  favour  ;  the  young  Count 
especially,  with  the  sympathies  proper  to  his 
age  and  incident  to  his  character,  had  taken 
quite  a  fancy  to  him  —  nothing  would  suit 


THE    YOUNG    OSAGE.  35 

but  he  must  have  the  young  Osage  as  a 
companion  and  squire  in  his  expedition  into 
the  wilderness.  The  youth  was  easily  tempted; 
and,  with  the  prospect  of  a  safe  range  over 
the  buffalo  prairies,  and  the  promise  of  a  new 
blanket,  he  turned  his  bridle,  left  the  swamp 
and  the  encampment  of  his  friends  behind 
him,  and  set  off  to  follow  the  Count  in  his 
wanderings  in  quest  of  the  Osage  hunters. 
Such  is  the  glorious  independence  of  man  in 
a  savage  state.  Tliis  youth,  with  his  rifle, 
his  blanket,  and  his  horse,  was  ready,  at  a 
moment's  warning,  to  rove  the  world  :  he 
carried  all  his  worldly  effects  with  him  ;  and 
in  the  absence  of  artificial  wants  possessed 
the  great  secret  of  personal  freedom.  We  of 
society  are  slaves,  not  so  much  to  others  as 
to  ourselves  ;  our-  superfluities  are  the  chains 
that  bind  us,  impeding  every  movement  of 
our  bodies,  and  thwarting  every  impulse  of 
our  souls.  Such,  at  least,  were  my  specu- 
lations at  the  time,  though  I  am  not  sure  but 
that  they  took  their  tone  from  the  enthusiasm 

c  6 


36  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

of  the  young  Count,  who  seemed  more  en- 
chanted than  ever  with  the  wild  chivalry  of 
the  prairies,  and  talked  of  putting  on  the 
Indian  dress  and  adopting  the  Indian  habits 
during  the  time  he  hoped  to  pass  with  the 
Osages. 


37 


CHAPTER  VI. 

TRAIL  OF  THE    OSAGE    HUNTERS.  —  DEPARTURE    OF 

THE   COUNT    AND    HIS    PARTY. DESERTED    WAR 

CAMP.  —  A  VAGRANT   DOG.  —  THE   ENCAMPMENT. 

In  tlie  course  of  the  morning  the  trail  we 
were  pursuing  was  crossed  by  another,  which 
struck  off  through  the  forest  to  the  West, 
in  a  direct  course  for  the  Arkansas  river. 
Beatte,  our  half-breed,  after  considering  it 
for  a  moment,  pronounced  it  the  trail  of  the 
Osage  hunters,  and  that  it  must  lead  to  the 
place  where  they  had  forded  the  river  on 
their  way  to  the  hunting-grounds. 

Here,  then,  the  young  Count  and  his 
companion  came  to  a  halt,  and  prepared  to 
take  leave  of  us.  The  most  experienced 
frontiers-man  in  the  troop  remonstrated  on 
the  hazard  of  the  undertaking.  They  were 
about  to  throw  themselves  loose  in  the  wil- 
derness, with  no   other  guides,  guards,  or 


3S  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

attendants,  than  a  young,  ignorant  half- 
breed,  and  a  still  younger  Indian.  They 
were  embarrassed  by  a  pack-horse  and  two 
led  horses,  with  which  they  would  have  to 
make  their  way  through  matted  forests,  and 
across  rivers  and  morasses.  The  Osages 
and  Pawnees  were  at  war,  and  they  might 
fall  in  with  some  warrior  party  of  the  latter, 
who  were  ferocious  foes :  besides,  their 
small  number,  and  their  valuable  horses, 
would  form  a  great  temptation  to  some  of 
the  straggling  bands  of  Osages  loitering 
about  the  frontier,  who  might  rob  them  of 
their  horses  in  the  night,  and  leave  them, 
destitute  and  on  foot,  in  the  midst  of  the 
prairies. 

Nothing,  however,  could  restrain  the  ro- 
mantic ardour  of  the  Count  for  a  campaign 
of  buffalo-hunting  with  the  Osages  ;  and  he 
had  a  game  spirit,  that  seemed  always  stimu- 
lated by  the  idea  of  danger.  His  travelling 
companion,  of  discreeter  age  and  calm  tem- 
perament, was  convinced  of  the  rashness  of 
the   enterprise  j    but    he    could    not    control 


DEPARTURE    OF    THE    COUNT.  39 

the  impetuous  zeal  of  his  youthful  friend, 
and  he  was  too  loyal  to  leave  him  to  pursue 
his  hazardous  scheme  alone.  To  our  great 
regret,  therefore,  we  saw  them  abandon  the 
protection  of  our  escort,  and  strike  off  on 
their  hap-hazard  expedition.  The  old  hunters 
of  our  party  shook  their  heads,  and  our  half- 
breed,  Beatte,  predicted  all  kinds  of  trouble 
to  them  ;  my  only  hope  was,  that  they  would 
soon  meet  with  perplexities  enough  to  cool 
the  impetuosity  of  the  young  Count,  and  in- 
duce him  to  rejoin  us.  With  this  idea  we 
travelled  slowly,  and  made  a  considerable 
halt  at  noon.  After  resuming  our  march, 
we  came  in  sight  of  the  Arkansas.  It  pre- 
sented a  broad  and  rapid  stream,  bordered 
by  a  beach  of  fine  sand,  overgrown  with 
willows  and  cotton-wood  trees.  Beyond  the 
river  the  eye  wandered  over  a  beautiful 
champaign  country  of  flowery  plains  and 
sloping  uplands,  diversified  by  groves  and 
clumps  of  trees,  and  long  screens  of  wood- 
land ;  the  whole  wearing  the  aspect  of  com- 
plete and  even   ornamental   cultivation,   in- 


40  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

stead  of  native  wildness.  Not  far  from  the 
river,  on  an  open  eminence,  we  passed 
through  the  recently  deserted  camping-place 
of  an  Osage  war  party.  The  frames  of  the 
tents,  or  wigwams,  remained,  consisting  of 
poles  bent  into  an  arch,  with  each  end  stuck 
into  the  ground  :  these  are  intertwined  with 
twigs  and  branches,  and  covered  with  bark 
and  skins. 

Those  experienced  in  Indian  lore  can  ascer- 
tain the  tribe,  and  whether  on  a  hunting  or 
warlike  expedition,  by  the  shape  and  dispo- 
sition of  the  wigwams.  Beatte  pointed  out 
to  us,  in  the  present  skeleton  camp,  the  wig- 
wam in  which  the  chiefs  held  their  consult- 
ations, round  the  council  fire  ;  and  an  open 
area,  well  trampled  down,  on  which  the 
grand  war-dance  had  been  performed. 

Pursuing  our  journey,  as  we  were  passing 
through  a  forest,  we  were  met  by  a  forlorn, 
half-famished  dog,  who  came  rambling  along 
the  trail,  with  inflamed  eyes  and  bewildered 
look.  Though  nearly  trampled  upon  by  the 
foremost  rangers,  he  took  notice  of  no  one, 


A    VAGRANT    DOG.  41 

but  rambled  heedlessly  among  the  horses. 
The  cry  of  '*  mad  dog!"  was  immediately 
raised,  and  one  of  the  rangers  levelled  his 
rifle,  but  was  stayed  by  the  ever-ready 
humanity  of  the  Commissioner.  *'  He  is 
blind ?"  said  he,  "it  is  the  dog  of  some  poor 
Indian,  following  his  master  by  the  scent. 
It  would  be  a  shame  to  kill  so  faithful  an 
animal."  The  ranger  shouldered  his  rifle, 
the  dog  blundered  blindly  through  the  caval- 
cade unhurt ;  and,  keeping  his  nose  to  the 
ground,  continued  his  course  along  the  trail, 
being  a  rare  instance  of  a  dog  surviving  a 
bad  name. 

About  three  o'clock  we  came  to  a  recent 
camping-place  of  the  company  of  rangers  : 
the  brands  of  one  of  their  fires  were  still 
smoking,  so  that,  according  to  the  opinion 
of  Beatte,  they  could  not  have  passed  on 
above  a  day  previously.  As  there  was  a  fine 
stream  of  water  close  by,  and  plenty  of  pea 
vine  for  the  horses,  we  encamped  here  for 
the  night. 

We    had   not  been  here  long  when  we 


4S  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

heard  a  halloo  from  a  distance,  and  beheld 
the  young  Count  and  his  party  advancing 
through  the  forest.  We  welcomed  them  to 
the  camp  with  heartfelt  satisfaction  ;  for  their 
departure  upon  so  hazardous  an  expedition 
had  caused  us  great  uneasiness.  A  short 
experiment  had  convinced  them  of  the  toil 
and  difficulty  of  inexperienced  travellers  like 
themselves  making  their  way  through  the 
wilderness  with  such  a  train  of  horses  and 
such  slender  attendance.  Fortunately  they 
determined  to  rejoin  us  before  nightfall  ; 
one  night's  camping  out  might  have  lost 
them  their  horses.  The  Count  had  pre- 
vailed upon  his  protege  and  esquire,  the 
young  Osage,  to  continue  with  him  ;  and  still 
calculated  upon  achieving  great  exploits,  with 
his  assistance,  on  the  buffalo  prairies. 


43 


CHAPTER  VII. 

NEWS    OF    THE     RANGERS. THE    COUNT    AND    HIS 

INDIAN  SQUIRE HALT  IN  THE  WOODS. WOOD- 
LAND SCENE. OSAGE  VILLAGE. OSAGE  VISIT- 
ERS  AT    OUR    EVENING    CAMP. 

In  this  morning  early  (October  12.)  the  two 
Creeks,  who  had  been  sent  express  by  the 
commander  of  Fort  Gibson  to  stop  the  com- 
pany of  rangers,  arrived  at  our  encampment 
on  their  return.  They  had  left  the  company 
encamped  about  fifty  miles  distant,  in  a  fine 
place  on  the  Arkansas,  abounding  in  game, 
where  they  intended  to  await  our  arrival. 
This  news  spread  animation  throughout  our 
party,  and  we  set  out  on  our  march  at  sun- 
rise with  renewed  spirit. 

In  mounting  our  steeds,  the  young  Osage 
attempted  to  throw  a  blanket  upon  his  wild 
horse.    The  fine  sensitive  animal  took  fright, 


44  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

reared,  and  recoiled.  Tlie  attitudes  of  the 
wild  horse,  and  the  almost  naked  savage, 
would  have  formed  studies  for  a  painter  or  a 
statuary. 

I  often  pleased  myself,  in  the  course  of 
our  march,  with  noticing  the  appearance  of 
the  young  Count  and  his  newly  enlisted  fol- 
lower, as  they  rode  before  me.  Never  was 
preux  chevalier  better  suited  with  an  esquire. 
The  Count  was  well  mounted  ^  and,  as  I  have 
before  observed,  was  a  bold  and  graceful 
rider.  He  was  fond,  too,  of  caracolling  his 
horse,  and  dashing  about  in  the  buoyancy  of 
youthful  spirits.  His  dress  was  a  gay  and 
well-cut  hunting-frock  of  dressed  deerskin, 
sitting  v/ell  to  the  shape,  dyed  of  a  beautiful 
purple,  and  fancifully  embroidered  with  silks 
of  various  colours  ;  as  if  it  had  been  the  work 
of  some  Indian  beauty  to  decorate  a  favourite 
chief.  With  this,  he  wore  leathern  panta- 
loons and  mocassins,  a  foraging-cap,  and  a 
double-barrelled  gun,  slung  by  a  bandalier 
athwart  his  back  j    so  that  he  was  quite  a 


AN    OLD    BEAVER    DAM.  45 

picturesque  figure,  as  he  managed  gracefully 
his  spirited  steed. 

The  young  Osage  would  ride  close  behind 
him,  on  his  wild  and  beautifully  mottled 
horse,  which  was  decorated  with  crimson 
tufts  of  hair.  He  rode  with  his  finely  shaped 
head  and  breast  naked,  his  blanket  being  girt 
round  his  waist.  He  carried  his  rifle  in  one 
hand,  and  managed  his  horse  with  the  other, 
and  seemed  ready  to  dash  off,  at  a  moment's 
warning,  with  his  youthful  leader,  on  any 
madcap  forage  or  scamper.  The  Count, 
with  the  sanguine  anticipations  of  youth, 
promised  himself  many  hardy  adventures 
and  exploits,  in  company  with  his  youthful 
''  brave,"  when  we  should  get  among  the 
buffaloes,  in  the  Pawnee  hunting-grounds. 

After  riding  some  distance,  we  crossed  a 
narrow,  deep  stream,  upon  a  solid  bridge,  the 
remains  of  an  old  beaver  dam.  The  indus- 
trious community  which  had  constructed  it 
had  all  been  destroyed.  Above  us,  a  stream- 
ing flight  of  wild  geese,  high  in  air,   and 


46  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

making  a  vociferous  noise,  gave  note  of  the 
waning  year. 

About  half  past  ten  o'clock,  we  made  a  halt 
in  a  forest  where  there  was  abundance  of  the 
pea  vine.  Here  we  turned  the  horses  loose 
to  graze  ;  a  fire  was  made,  water  procured 
from  an  adjacent  spring ;  and,  in  a  short  time 
our  little  Frenchman,  Tonish,  had  a  pot  of 
coffee  prepared  for  our  refreshment.  While 
partaking  of  it,  we  were  joined  by  an  old 
Osage,  one  of  a  small  hunting-party  who 
had  recently  passed  that  way.  He  was  in 
search  of  his  horse,  which  had  wandered 
away  or  been  stolen.  Our  half-breed,  Beatte, 
made  a  wry  face  on  hearing  of  Osage  hunt- 
ers in  this  direction.  ''  Until  we  pass  those 
hunters,"  said  he,  "  we  shall  see  no  buffaloes. 
They  frighten  away  every  thing,  like  a  prairie 
on  fire." 

The  morning  repast  being  over,  the  party 
amused  themselves  in  various  ways.  Some 
shot  with  their  rifles  at  a  mark,  others  lay 
asleep,  half-buried  in  the  deep  bed  of  foliage, 
with  their  heads  resting  on  their  saddles  j 


FOREST-SCENES.  47 

others  gossiped  round  the  fire  at  the  foot  of 
a  tree,  which  sent  up  wreaths  of  blue  smoke 
among  the  branches.  The  horses  banqueted 
luxuriantly  on  the  pea-vine,  and  some  lay 
down  and  rolled  among  them. 

We  WTre  overshadowed  by  lofty  trees, 
with  straight  smooth  trunks,  like  stately  co- 
lumns ;  and  as  the  glancing  rays  of  the  sun 
shone  through  the  transparent  leaves,  tinted 
with  the  many-coloured  hues  of  autumn,  I 
was  reminded  of  the  effect  of  sunshine  among 
the  stained  windows  and  clustering  columns 
of  a  Gothic  cathedral.  Indeed,  there  is  a 
grandeur  and  solemnity  in  some  of  our  spa- 
cious forests  of  the  West,  that  awakens  in 
me  the  same  feeling  that  I  have  experienced 
in  those  vast  and  venerable  piles  ;  and  the 
sound  of  the  wind  sweeping  through  them 
supplies,  occasionally,  the  deep  breathings  of 
the  organ. 

About  noon  the  bugle  sounded  to  horse, 
and  we  were  again  on  the  march,  hoping  that 
we  might  arrive  at  the  encampment  of  the 
rangers  before  night,  as  the  old  Osage  had 


48  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

assured  us  it  was  not  above  ten  or  twelve 
miles  distant.  In  our  course  through  a 
forest  we  passed  by  a  lonely  pool,  covered 
with  the  most  magnificent  water-lilies  that  I 
had  ever  beheld,  among  which  swam  several 
wood  ducks,  one  of  the  most  beautiful  of 
waterfowl,  remarkable  for  the  gracefulness 
and  brilliancy  of  its  plumage.  After  pro- 
ceeding some  distance  farther,  we  came  down 
upon  the  banks  of  the  Arkansas,  at  a  place 
where  tracks  of  numerous  horses,  all  enter- 
ing the  water,  showed  where  a  party  of 
Osage  hunters  had  recently  crossed  the  river, 
on  their  way  to  the  buifalo  range.  After 
letting  our  horses  drink  in  the  river,  we  con- 
tinued along  its  bank  for  a  space,  and  then 
across  prairies,  where  we  saw  a  distant 
smoke,  which  we  hoped  might  proceed  from 
the  encampment  of  the  rangers.  Following 
what  we  supposed  to  be  their  trail,  we  came 
to  a  meadow  in  which  were  a  number  of 
horses  grazing.  They  were  not,  hoivever, 
the  horses  of  the  troop.  A  little  farther  on, 
we  reached  a  straggling  Osage  village  on  the 


OSAGE    VILLAGE.  49 

banks  of  the  Arkansas.  Our  arrival  created 
quite  a  sensation.  A  number  of  old  men 
came  forward  and  shook  hands  with  us  all 
severally,  while  the  women  and  children 
huddled  together  in  groups,  staring  at  us 
wildly,  and  chattering  and  laughing  among 
themselves.  We  found  that  all  the  young 
men  of  the  village  had  departed  on  a  hunting 
expedition,  leaving  the  women  and  cnildren 
and  old  men  behind. 

Here  the  Commissioner  made  a  speech 
from  horseback,  informing  his  hearers  of  tlie 
purport  of  his  mission,  to  promote  a  general 
peace  among  the  tribes  of  the  West  and 
urging  them  to  lay  aside  all  warlike  and 
blood-thirsty  notions,  and  not  to  make  any 
wanton  attacks  upon  the  Pawnees.  This 
speech,  being  interpreted  by  Beatte,  seemed 
to  have  a  most  pacifying  effect  upon  the 
multitude,  who  promised  faithfully,  that,  as 
far  as  in  them  lay,  the  peace  should  not  be 
disturbed  ;  ancf,  indeed,  their  age  and  sex 
gave  some  reason  to  hope  that  they  w^ould 
keep  their  word. 


50  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Still  hoping  to  reach  the  encampment  of 
the  rangers  before  nightfall,  we  pushed  on 
until  twilight,  when  we  were  obliged  to  halt, 
on  the  borders  of  a  ravine.  The  rangers 
bivouacked  under  trees,  at  the  bottom  of  the 
dell,  while  we  pitched  our  tent  on  a  rocky 
knoll  near  a  running  stream.  The  night 
came  on  dark  and  overcast,  with  flying  clouds, 
and  much  appearance  of  rain.  The  fires  of 
the  rangers  burnt  brightly  in  the  dell,  and 
threw  strong  masses  of  light  upon  the  robber- 
looking  groups  that  were  cooking,  eating, 
and  drinking  around  them.  To  add  to  the 
wildness  of  the  scene,  several  Osage  Indians, 
visiters  from  the  village  we  had  passed,  were 
mingled  among  the  men.  Three  of  them 
came  and  seated  themselves  by  our  fire. 
They  watched  every  thing  that  was  goino'  on 
round  them  in  silence,  and  looked  like  figures 
of  monumental  bronze.  We  gave  them 
food,  and  what  they  most  relished,  coffee  ; 
for  the  Indians  partake  in  the  universal 
fondness  foi  this  beverage  which  pervades 
the  West       W\  en  they  had  made  their  sup- 


OSAGE    CHANT.  51 

per,  tliey  stretched  themselves  side  by  side 
before  the  fire,  and  began  a  low  nasal  chant, 
drumming  with  their  hands  upon  their  breasts, 
by  way  of  accompaniment.  Their  chant 
seemed  to  consist  of  regular  staves,  every 
one  terminating,  not  in  a  melodious  cadence, 
but  in  the  abrupt  interjection,  hah  !  uttered 
almost  like  a  hiccup.  This  chant,  we  were 
told  by  our  interpreter  Beatte,  related  to 
ourselves,  our  appearance,  our  treatment  of 
them,  and  all  that  they  knew  of  our  plans. 
In  one  part  they  spoke  of  the  young  Count, 
whose  animated  character  and  eagerness  for 
Indian  enterprise  had  struck  their  fancy ;  and 
they  indulged  in  some  waggery  about  him 
and  the  young  Indian  beauties  that  produced 
great  merriment  among  our  half-breeds. 

This  mode  of  improvising  is  common 
throughout  the  savage  tribes  ;  and,  in  this 
way,  with  a  few  simple  inflections  of  the 
voice,  they  chant  all  their  exploits  in  war 
and  hunting,  and  occasionally  indulge  in  a 
vein   of  comic   humour   and  dry  satire,    to 

D  "2 


52  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

which  the  Indians  appear  to  me  much  more 
prone  than  is  generally  imagined. 

In  fact,  the  Indians  that  I  have  had  an 
opportunity  of  seeing  in  real  life  are  quite 
different  from  those  described  in  poetry. 
They  are  by  no  means  the  stoics  that  they 
are  represented — taciturn,  unbending,  with- 
out a  tear  or  a  smile.  Taciturn,  they  are, 
it  is  true,  when  in  company  with  white  men, 
whose  good  will  they  distrust,  and  whose 
language  they  do  not  understand  ;  but  the 
white  man  is  equally  taciturn  under  like  cir- 
cumstances. When  the  Indians  are  among 
themselves,  however,  there  cannot  be  greater 
gossips.  Half  their  time  is  taken  up  in  talk- 
ing over  their  adventures  in  Vv^ar  and  hunting, 
and  in  telling  whimsical  stories.  They  are 
great  mimics  and  buffoons,  also,  and  enter- 
tain themselves  excessively  at  the  expense  of 
the  whites,  with  whom  they  have  associated, 
and  who  have  supposed  them  impressed  with 
profound  respect  for  their  grandeur  and  dig- 
nity.    They  are   curious    observers,   noting 


CHARACTER    OF    THE    OSAGES.  53 

every  thing  in  silence,  but  with  a  keen  and 
watchful  eye,  occasionally  exchanging  a  glance 
or  a  grunt  with  each  other,  when  any  thing 
particularly  strikes  them,  but  reserving  all 
comments  until  they  are  alone.  Then  it  is 
that  they  give  full  scope  to  criticism,  satire, 
mimicry,  and  mirth. 

In  the  course  of  my  journey  along  the 
frontier,  I  have  had  repeated  opportunities  of 
noticing  their  excitability  and  boisterous  mer- 
riment at  their  games  ;  and  have  occasion- 
ally noticed  a  group  of  Osages  sitting  round 
a  fire,  until  a  late  hour  of  the  night,  engaged 
in  the  most  animated  and  lively  conversation, 
and  at  times  making  the  woods  resound  with 
peals  of  laughter. 

As  to  tears,  they  have  them  in  abundance, 
both  real  and  affected  5  for  at  times  they 
make  a  merit  of  them.  No  one  weeps  more 
bitterly  or  profusely  at  the  death  of  a  relative 
or  friend  ;  and  they  have  stated  times  when 
they  repair  to  howl  and  lament  at  their  graves. 
I  have  heard  doleful  wailings  at  daybreak,  in 
the  neighbourhood  of  Indian  villages,  mads 

D  3 


54f  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

by  some  of  the  inhabitants  who  go  out  at  that 
hour  into  the  fields  to  mourn  and  weep  for 
the  dead ;  and  at  such  times,  I  am  told,  the 
tears  will  stream  down  their  cheeks  in  tor- 
rents. 

As  far  as  I  can  judge,  the  Indian  of  poetical 
fiction  is  like  the  shepherd  of  pastoral  ro- 
mance, a  mere  personification  of  imaginary 
attributes. 

The  nasal  chant  of  our  Osage  guests 
gradually  died  away :  they  covered  their  heads 
with  their  blankets,  and  fell  fast  asleep  ;  and 
in  a  little  while  all  was  silent,  excepting  the 
pattering  of  scattered  rain  drops  upon  our 
tent. 

In  the  morninof  our  three  Indian  visiters 
breakfasted  with  us,  but  the  young  Osage, 
who  was  to  act  as  esquire  to  the  Count  in  his 
knight  errantry  on  the  prairies,  was  no- 
where to  be  found.  His  wild  horse,  too,  was 
missing ;  and,  after  many  conjectures,  we 
came  to  the  conclusion  that  he  had  taken 
**  Indian  leave"  of  us  in  the  niHit.  We 
afterwards  ascertained  that  he  had  been  perr 


DISAPPEARANCE  OF  THE  YOUNG  OSAGE.    55 

siiaded  so  to  do  by  the  Osages  we  bad  re- 
cently met  with,  who  had  represented  to  him 
the  perils  that  would  attend  him  on  an  expe- 
dition to  the  Pawnee  hunting  grounds,  where 
he  might  fall  into  the  hands  of  the  im- 
placable enemies  of  their  tribe  ;  and,  what 
was  scarcely  less  to  be  apprehended,  the 
annoyances  to  which  he  would  be  subjected 
from  the  capricious  and  overbearing  conduct 
of  the  white  men  ;  who,  as  I  have  witnessed 
in  my  ov/n  short  experience,  are  prone  to 
treat  the  poor  Indians  as  little  better  than 
brute  animals.  Indeed,  he  had  a  specimen 
of  it  himself  in  the  narrow  escape  he  made 
from  the  infliction  of  *'  Lynch's  law,"  by  the 
hard-winking  worthy  of  the  frontier,  for  the 
flagitious  crime  of  finding  a  stray  horse. 

The  disappearance  of  the  youth  was  gene- 
rally regretted  by  our  party,  for  we  had  all 
taken  a  great  fancy  to  him  from  his  hand- 
some, frank,  and  manly  appearance,  and  the 
easy  grace  of  his  deportment.  He  was,  in- 
deed, a  native  born  gentleman.  By  none, 
however,  was  he  so  much  lamented  as  by  the 

D  4 


56  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

young  Count,  who  thus  suddenly  found  him- 
self deprived  of  his  esquire.  I  regretted  the 
departure  of  the  Osage  for  his  own  sake,  for 
we  should  have  cherished  him  throughout 
the  expedition  ;  and  I  am  convinced,  from 
the  munificent  spirit  of  the  Count,  he  would 
have  returned  to  his  tribe  laden  with  wealth 
of  beads  and  trinkets  and  Indian  blankets. 


^7 


CHAPTER  VIII. 


THE    rangers'    camp. 


The  weatlier,  which  had  been  rainy  in  the 
night,    having    held    up,  we    resumed    our 
march  at  seven  o'clock  in  the  morning,  in 
confident  hope  of  soon  arriving  at  the  en- 
campment   of    the   rangers.      We    had    not 
ridden  above  three  or  four  miles  when  we 
came  to  a    large    tree,  which   had  recently 
been  felled  by  an  axe,  for  the  wild  honey  con- 
tained   in   the   hollow  of  its    trunk,   several 
broken  flakes  of  which  still  remained.     We 
now  felt  sure  that  the  camp  could  not  be  far 
distant.     About  a  couple   of  miles  farther, 
and  some  of  the  rangers  set  up  a  shout,  and 
pointed  to  a  number  of  horses  grazing  in  a 
woody  bottom.     A  few  paces  brought  us  to 
the  brow  of  an  elevated  ridge,  from  whence 

D  5 


58  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

we  looked  down  upon  the  encampment.  It 
was  a  wild  bandit,  or  Robin  Hood  scene.  In 
a  beautiful  open  forest,  traversed  by  a  running" 
stream,  were  booths  of  bark  and  branches  of 
trees,  and  tents  of  blankets,  temporary  shel- 
ters from  the  recent  rain  ;  for  the  rangers 
commonly  bivouack  in  the  open  air.  There 
were  groups  of  rangers  in  every  kind  of 
uncouth  garb.  Some  Avere  cooking  at  huge 
fires  made  at  the  foot  of  trees  ;  some  were 
stretching  and  dressing  deer  skins  ;  some 
were  shooting  at  a  mark,  and  some  lying 
about  on  the  grass.  Venison  jerked,  and 
hung  on  frames,  was  drying  over  the  embers 
in  one  place  ;  in  another,  lay  carcasses  re- 
cently brouijht  in  by  the  hunters.  Stacks  of 
rifles  were  leaning  against  the  trunks  of  the 
trees,  and  saddles,  bridles,  and  powder-horns 
hanging  above  them  ;  while  horses  were 
grazing  here  and  there  among  the  thickets. 

Our  arrival  at  the  camp  was  greeted  with 
acclamation.  *  The  rangers  crowded  about 
their  comrades  to  enquire  the  news  from  the 
fort :  for  our  own  part,  we  were  received  in 


THE    rangers'   camp,  ^9 

frank,  simple  hunters'  style  by  Captain  Bean 
the  commander  of  the  company ;  a  man  about 
forty  years  of  age,  vigorous  and  active.  His 
life  had  been  chiefly  passed  on  the  frontier, 
occasionally  in  Indian  warfare,  so  that  he  was 
a  thorough  woodsman,  and  a  first-rate  hunter. 
He  was  equipped  in  character ;  in  leathern 
hunting-shirt  and  leggings,  and  a  leathern 
foraging-cap. 

While  we  were  conversing  with  the  Cap- 
tain, a  veteran  huntsman  approached  whose 
whole  appearance  struck  me.  He  was  of 
the  middle  size,  but  tough  and  weather- 
proved  ;  a  head  partly  bald,  and  garnished 
with  loose  iron-grey  locks,  and  a  fine  black 
eye,  beaming  with  youthful  spirit.  His  dress 
was  similar  to  that  of  the  Captain  ;  a  rifle 
shirt  and  leggings  of  dressed  deer-skin,  that 
had  evidently  seen  service  ;  a  powder-horn 
was  slung  by  his  side,  a  hunting-knife  stuck 
in  his  belt,  and  in  his  hand  was  an  ancient 
and  trusty  rifle,  doubtless  as  dear  to  him  as  a 
bosom  friend.  He  asked  permission  to  go 
hunting,  which  was  readily  granted.    *  *  That 's 

D    6 


60  TOUR  On  the  prairies. 

old  Ryan/'  said  the  Captain,  when  he  had 
gone;  "there's  not  a  better  hunter  in  the 
camp.     He 's  sure  to  bring  in  game." 

In  a  little  while  our  pack-horses  were  un- 
loaded, and  turned  loose  to  revel  among  the 
pea  vines.  Our  tent  was  pitched ;  our  fire 
made  ;  the  half  of  a  deer  had  been  sent  to  us 
from  the  Captain's  lodge  ;  Beatte  brought  in 
a  couple  of  wild  turkeys  ;  the  spits  were 
laden,  and  the  camp  kettle  crammed  with 
meat ;  and,  to  crown  our  luxuries,  a  basin 
filled  with  gi'eat  flakes  of  delicious  honey, 
the  spoils  of  a  plundered  bee  tree,  was 
given  us  by  one  of  the  rangers.  Our  little 
Frenchman  Tonish  was  in  an  ecstasy ;  and, 
tucking  up  his  sleeves  to  the  elbows,  set  to 
work  to  make  a  display  of  his  culinary  skill, 
on  which  he  prided  himself  almost  as  much 
as  upon  his  hunting,  his  riding,  and  his  war- 
like prowess. 


61 


CHAPTER  IX. 


A    BEE    HUNT. 


The  beautiful  forest  in  which  we  were  en- 
camped  abounded  in  bee  trees  ;  that  is  to 
say,  trees  in  the  decayed  trunks  of  which 
wikl  bees  had  estabhshed  their  hives.  It  is 
surprising  in  what  countless  swarms  the  bees 
have  overspread  the  far  West  within  but  a 
moderate  number  of  years.  Tlie  Indians 
consider  them  the  harbinger  of  the  white 
man,  as  the  buffalo  is  of  the  red  man  ;  and 
say  that,  in  proportion  as  the  bee  advances 
the  Indian  and  the  buffalo  retire.  We  are 
always  accustomed  to  associate  the  hum  of 
the  bee-hive  with  the  farm-house  and  the 
flower-garden,  and  to  consider  those  indus- 
trious little  animals  as  connected  with  the 
busy  haunts  of  men  ;  and  I  am  told  that  the 


62  TOUR    ON    THE    TRAIRIES. 

wild  bee  is  seldom  to  be  met  with  at  any 
great  distance  from  the  frontier.  They  have 
been  the  heralds  of  civilisation,  steadfastly 
preceding  it  as  it  advanced  from  the  Atlantic 
borders  ;  and  some  of  the  ancient  settlers  of 
the  West  pretend  to  give  the  very  year  when 
the  honey  bee  first  crossed  the  Mississippi. 
The  Indians  with  surprise  found  the  moul- 
dering trees  of  their  forests  suddenly  teem- 
ing with  ambrosial  sweets  ;  and  nothing,  I 
am  told,  can  exceed  the  greedy  relish  with 
which  they  banquet  for  the  first  time  upon 
this  unbought  luxury  of  the  wilderness. 

At  present  the  honey  bee  swarms  in  my- 
riads in  the  noble  groves  and  forests  that 
skirt  and  intersect  the  prairies,  and  extend 
along  the  alluvial  bottoms  of  the  rivers.  It 
seems  to  me  as  if  these  beautiful  regions 
answer  literally  to  the  description  of  the  land 
of  promise,  '*  a  land  flowing  with  milk  and 
honey;"  for  the  rich  pasturage  of  the  prairies 
is  calculated  to  sustain  herds  of  cattle  as 
countless  as  the  sands  upon  the  sea  shore, 
while  the   flowers  with  which   they  are  en- 


A    BEE    HUNT.  6S 

amelled  render  them  a  very  paradise  for  the 
nectar-seeking  bee. 

We  had  not  been  long  in  the  camp  when 
a  party  set  out  in  quest  of  a  bee-tree  ;  and, 
being  curious  to  witness  the  sport,  I  gladly 
accepted  an  invitation  to  accompany  them. 
The  party  was  headed  by  a  veteran  bee- 
hunter,  a  tall  lank  fellow,  in  homespun  garb, 
that  hung  loosely  about  his  limbs,  and  a  straw 
hat  shaped  not  unlike  a  bee-hive  ;  a  comrade, 
equally  uncouth  in  garb,  and  without  a  hat, 
straddled  along  at  his  heels,  with  a  long  rifle 
on  his  shoulder.  To  these  succeeded  half  a 
dozen  others,  some  with  axes  and  some  with 
rifles  ;  for  no  one  stirs  far  from  the  camp 
without  fire-arms,  so  as  to  be  ready  either 
for  wild  deer  or  wild  Indian. 

After  proceeding  some  distance  we  came 
to  an  open  glade  on  the  skirts  of  the  forest. 
Here  our  leader  halted,  and  then  advanced 
quietly  to  a  low  bush,  on  the  top  of  which  I 
perceived  a  piece  of  honey-comb.  This  I 
found  was  the  bait  or  lure  for  the  wild  bees. 
Several  were  humming  about  it,  and  diving 


64.  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

into  its  cells.      When  they  had  laden  them- 
selves with  honey  they  would  rise  up  in  the 
air,  and  dart  off  in  one  straight  line,  almost 
with  the  velocity  of  a  bullet.     The  hunters 
watched  attentively  the  course  they  took,  and 
then  set  off  in  the  same  direction,  stumbling 
along  over  twisted  roots  and  fallen  trees,  with 
their  eyes  turned  up  to  the  sky.     In  this  way 
they  traced  the  honey-laden  bees  to  their  hive, 
in  the  hollow  trunk  of  a  blasted  oak,  where, 
after  buzzing  about  for  a  moment,  they  en- 
tered a  hole  about  sixty  feet  from  the  ground. 
Two  of  the  bee-hunters  now  plied  their 
axes  vigorously  at  the  foot  of  the  tree  to  level 
it  with  the   ground.      The  mere    spectators 
and  amateurs,  in  the  mean  time,  drew  off  to 
a  cautious  distance  to  be  out  of  the  way  of 
the  falling  of  the  tree,  and  the  vengeance  of 
its  inmates.      The  jarring  blows  of  the  axe 
seemed  to  have  no  effect  in  alarming  or  agi- 
tating   this    most    industrious    community. 
They  continued  to  ply  at  their  usual  occupa- 
tions, some  arriving  full  freighted  into  port, 
others  sallying  forth  on  new  expeditions,  like 


A    BEE    HUNT.  65 

SO  many  mercliantmen  In  a  money-making 
metropolis,  little  suspicious  of  impending 
bankruptcy  and  downfal.  Even  a  loud 
crack,  which  announced  the  disrupture  of 
the  trunk,  failed  to  divert  their  attention  from 
the  intense  pursuit  of  gain  :  at  length  down 
came  the  tree  with  a  tremendous  crash, 
bursting  open  from  end  to  end,  and  display- 
ing all  the  hoarded  treasures  of  the  common- 
wealth. 

One  of  the  hunters  immediately  ran  up 
with  a  wisp  of  lighted  hay  as  a  defence 
against  the  bees.  The  latter,  however,  made 
no  attack  and  sought  no  revenge :  they 
seemed  stupified  by  the  catastrophe,  and  un- 
suspicious of  its  cause,  and  remained  crawl- 
ing and  buzzing  about  the  ruins,  without 
offering  us  any  molestation.  Every  one  of 
the  party  now  fell  to,  with  spoon  and  hunting- 
knife,  to  scoop  out  the  flakes  of  honeycomb 
with  which  the  hollow  trunk  was  stored. 
Some  of  them  were  of  old  date,  and  a  deep 
brown  colour  ;  others  were  beautifully  white, 
and  the  honey  in  their  cells  was  almost  lim- 


6(5  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

pid.  Such  of  the  combs  as  were  entire 
were  placed  in  camp  kettles  to  be  conveyed 
to  the  encampment ;  those  which  had  been 
shivered  in  the  fall  were  devoured  upon  the 
spot.  Every  stark  bee-hunter  was  to  be 
seen  with  a  rich  morsel  in  his  hand,  drip- 
ping about  his  fingers,  and  disappearing  as 
rapidly  as  a  cream  tart  before  the  holyday 
appetite  of  a  school -boy. 

Nor  was  it  the  bee-hunters  alone  that 
profited  by  the  downfal  of  this  industrious 
community.  As  if  the  bees  would  carry 
through  the  similitude  of  their  habits  with 
those  of  laborious  and  gainful  man,  I  beheld 
numbers  from  rival  hives,  arriving  on  eager 
wing,  to  enrich  themselves  with  the  ruins  of 
their  neighbours.  These  busied  themselves 
as  eagerly  and  cheerily  as  so  many  wreckers 
on  an  Indiaman  that  has  been  driven  on 
shore, — plunging  into  the  cells  of  the  broken 
honeycombs,  banqueting  greedily  on  the 
spoil,  and  then  winging  their  way  full 
freighted  to  their  homes.  As  to  the  poor 
proprietors  of  the  ruin,  they  seemed  to  have 


A    BEE    HUNT.  67 

no  heart  to  do  any  thing,  not  even  to  taste 
the  nectar  that  flowed  around  them,  but 
crawled  backwards  and  forwards,  in  vacant 
desolation,  as  I  have  seen  a  poor  fellow,  with 
his  hands  in  his  breeches  pocket,  whistling 
vacantly  and  despondingly  about  the  ruins  of 
his  house  that  had  been  burnt. 

It  is  difficult  to  describe  the  bewilderment 
and  confusion  of  the  bees  of  the  bankrupt 
hive  who  had  been  absent  at  the  time  of  the 
catastrophe,  and  who  arrived,  from  time  to 
time,  with  full  cargoes  from  abroad.  At 
first  they  wheeled  about  the  air,  in  the  place 
where  the  fallen  tree  had  once  reared  its 
head,  astonished  at  finding  all  a  vacuum. 
At  length,  as  if  comprehending  their  dis- 
aster, they  settled  down,  in  clusters,  on  a 
dry  branch  of  a  neighbouring  tree,  from 
whence  they  seemed  to  contemplate  the  pros- 
trate ruin,  and  to  buzz  forth  doleful  lament- 
ations over  the  downfal  of  their  republic. 
It  was  a  scene  on  which  the  *'  melancholy 
Jacques  "  might  have  moralised  by  the  hour. 

We    now    abandoned    the    place,   leaving 


68  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

much  honey  in  the  hollow  of  the  tree.  "  It 
will  be  all  cleared  off  by  varmint/'  said  one 
of  the  rangers. 

"  What  vermin?"  asked  I. 

"  Oh !  bears,  and  skunks,  and  racoons, 
and  'possums.  The  bears  is  the  knowingest 
varmint  for  finding  out  a  bee  tree  in  the 
world.  They'll  gnaw  for  days  together  at 
the  trunk,  till  they  make  a  hole  big  enough 
to  get  in  their  paws,  and  then  they  '11  haul 
out  honey,  bees  and  all." 


69 


CHAPTER  X. 


AMUSEMENTS    OF    THE    CAMP. —  CONSULTATIONS.— 

hunter's      FARE      AND      FEASTING.  EVENING 

SCENES. —  CAMP     MELODY.  THE    FATE     OF    AN 

AMATEUR    OWL. 


On  returning  to  tlie  camp,  we  found  it  a 
scene  of  the  greatest  hilarity.  Some  of  the 
rangers  were  shooting  at  a  mark,  others 
were  leaping,  wrestling,  and  playing atprison 
bars.  They  were  mostly  young  men,  on 
their  first  expedition,  in  high  health  and 
vigour,  and  buoyant  with  anticipations  ;  and 
I  can  conceive  nothing  more  likely  to  set 
the  youthful  blood  into  a  flow  than  a  wild 
wood  life  of  the  kind,  and  the  range  of  a 
magnificent  wilderness  abounding  with  game 
and  fruitful  of  adventure.  We  send  our 
youth  abroad  to  grow  luxurious  and  effemi- 
nate in  Europe  :   it  appears  to  me,   that  a 


70  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

previous  tour  on  the  prairies  would  be  more 
likely  to  produce  that  manliness,  simplicity, 
and  self-dependence  most  in  unison  with  our 
political  institutions. 

Wliile  the  young  men  were  engaged  in 
these  boisterous  amusements,  a  graver  set, 
composed  of  the  captain,  the  doctor,  and 
other  sages  and  leaders  of  the  camp,  were 
seated  or  stretched  out  on  the  grass,  round 
a  frontier  map,  holding  a  consultation  about 
our  position,  and  the  course  we  were  to 
pursue. 

Our  plan  was  to  cross  the  Arkansas  just 
above  where  the  Red  Fork  falls  into  it,  then 
to  keep  westerly,  until  we  should  pass  through 
a  grand  belt  of  open  forest  called  the  Cross 
Timber,  which  ranges  nearly  north  and  south 
from  the  Arkansas  to  Red  River,  after  which 
we  were  to  keep  a  southerly  course  towards 
the  latter  river. 

Our  half-breed  Beatte,  being  an  expe- 
rienced Osage  hunter,  was  called  in  to  the 
consultation.  '*  Have  you  ever  hunted  in 
this  direction  ? "  said  the  Captain. 


CONSULTATIONS.  71 

*'  Yes,"  was  the  laconic  reply. 

"  Perhaps,  then,  you  can  tell  us  in  which 
direction  lies  the  Red  Fork  ? " 

*'  If  you  keep  along  yonder,  by  the  edge 
of  the  prairie,  you  will  come  to  a  bald  hill, 
with  a  pile  of  stones  upon  it." 

*'  I  have  noticed  that  hill  as  I  was  hunt- 
ing," said  the  Captain. 

''  Well  ;  those  stones  were  set  up  by  the 
Osages  as  a  landmark  :  from  that  spot  you 
may  have  a  sight  of  the  Red  Fork." 

''  In  that  case,"  cried  the  Captain,  *'  we 
shall  reach  the  Red  Fork  to-morrow,  then 
cross  the  Arkansas  above  it  into  the  Pawnee 
country,  and  then  in  two  days  we  shall  crack 
buffalo  bones ! " 

The  idea  of  arriving  at  the  adventurous 
hunting  grounds  of  the  Pawnees,  and  of 
coming  upon  the  traces  of  the  buffaloes,  made 
every  eye  sparkle  with  animation.  Our  fur- 
ther conversation  was  interrupted  by  the 
sharp  report  of  a  rifle  at  no  great  distance 
from  the  camp. 

*'  That's  old  Ryan's  rifle,"  exclaimed  the 


72  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Captain :  "  there's  a  buck  down,  I'll  warrant." 
Nor  was  he  mistaken  ;  for,  before  long,  the 
veteran  made  his  appearance,  calling  upon 
one  of  the  younger  rangers  to  return  with 
him  and  aid  in  bringing  home  the  carcass. 

The  surrounding  country,  in  fact,  abounded 
with  game,  so  that  the  camp  was  overstocked 
with  provisions;  and,  as  no  less  than  twenty 
bee-trees  had  been  cut  down  in  the  vicinity, 
every   one  revelled   in   luxury.       With    the 
wasteful  prodigality  of  hunters,  there  was  a 
continual  feasting  ;   and  scarce  any  one  put 
by  provisions  for  the  morrow.     The  cooking 
was  conducted  in  hunter's  style.      The  meat 
was  stuck  upon  tapering  spits  of  dog-wood, 
the  ends  of  which  were  thrust  into  the  ground 
so  as  to  sustain  the  joint  before  the  fire,  where 
it  was  roasted  or  broiled  with  all  its  juices 
retained  in  it,   in  a  manner  that  would  have 
tickled  the   palate  of  the   most  experienced 
gourmand.     As  much  could  not  be  said  in 
favour  of  the  bread.     It  was  little  more  than 
a  paste  made  of  flour  and  water,  and  fried, 
like  fritters,  in  lard  j  though  some  adopted  a 


hunters'  fake  and  feasting.     73 

ruder  style,  twisting  it  round  the  ends  of 
sticks,  and  thus  roasting  it  before  the  fire. 
In  either  way  I  have  found  it  extremely  pa- 
latable on  the  prairies.  No  one  knows  the 
true  relish  of  food  until  he  has  a  hunter's 
appetite. 

Before  sunset  w^e  were  summoned  by 
little  Tonish  to  a  sumptuous  repast.  Blankets 
had  been  spread  on  the  ground  near  to  the 
fire,  upon  w^hich  we  took  our  seats.  A  large 
dish,  or  bowl,  made  from  the  root  of  a  maple 
tree,  and  which  we  had  purchased  at  the 
Indian  village,  was  placed  on  the  ground  be- 
fore us,  and  into  it  were  emptied  the  contents 
of  one  of  the  camp-kettles,  consisting  of  a 
wild  turkey  hashed,  together  with  slips  of 
bacon  and  lumps  of  dough.  Beside  it  was 
placed  another  bowd  of  similar  ware,  con- 
taining an  ample  supply  of  fritters.  After 
we  had  discussed  the  hash,  the  ribs  of  a  fat 
buck,  which  stood  impaled  on  two  wooden 
spits  and  broiling  before  the  fire,  were  planted 
in  the  ground  before  us,  with  a  triumphant 
air,  by  little  Tonish.     Having  no  dishes,  we 

E 


74  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

had  to  proceed  in  hunters'  style,  cutting  off 
stripes  and  slices  with  our  hunting  knives, 
and  dipping  them  in  salt  and  pepper.  To 
do  justice  to  Tonish's  cookery,  however,  and 
to  the  keen  sauce  of  the  prairies,  never  have 
I  tasted  venison  so  delicious.  With  all  this 
our  beverage  was  coffee,  boiled  in  a  camp- 
kettle,  sweetened  with  brown  sugar,  and 
drank  out  of  tin  cups  ;  and  such  was  the 
style  of  our  banqueting  throughout  the  ex- 
pedition, whenever  provisions  were  plenty, 
and  as  long  as  flour,  and  coffee,  and  sugar 
held  out. 

As  the  twilight  thickened  into  night,  the 
sentinels  were  marched  forth  to  their  stations 
around  the  camp,  an  indispensable  precaution 
in  a  country  infested  by  Indians.  The  en- 
campment now  presented  a  picturesque  ap- 
pearance. Camp  fires  were  blazing  and 
smouldering  here  and  there  among  the  trees, 
with  groups  of  rangers  around  them  ;  some 
seated  or  lying  on  the  ground,  others  stand- 
ing in  the  ruddy  glare  of  the  flames,  or  in 
shadowy  relief. 


EVENING    SCENES.  — CAMP    MELODY.    ^5 

At  some  of  the  fires  there  was  much 
boisterous  mirth,  where  peals  of  laughter 
were  mingled  with  loud  ribald  jokes  and  un- 
couth exclamations  ;  for  the  troop  was  evi- 
dently a  raw  undisciplined  band,  levied  among' 
the  wild  youngsters  of  the  frontier,  who  had 
enlisted,  some  for  the  sake  of  roving  adven- 
ture, and  some  for  the  purpose  of  getting  a 
knowledge  of  the  country.  Many  of  them 
were  the  neighbours  of  their  officers,  and 
accustomed  to  regard  them  with  the  fami- 
liarity of  equals  and  companions.  None  of 
them  had  any  idea  of  the  restraint  and  de- 
corum of  a  camp,  or  ambition  to  acquire  a 
name  for  exactness  in  a  profession  in  which 
they  had  no  intention  of  continuing. 

While  this  boisterous  merriment  prevailed 
at  one  of  the  fires,  there  suddenly  rose  a 
strain  of  nasal  melody  from  another,  at  which 
a  choir  of  **  vocalists"  were  uniting  their 
voices  in  a  most  lugubrious  psalm  tune.  This 
was  led  by  one  of  the  lieutenants ;  a  tall,  spare 
man,  who,  we  were  informed,  had  officiated  as 
schoolmaster,  singing  master,  and,  occasion- 

E    % 


76  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

ally,  as  methodlst  preacher,  in  one  of  the  vil- 
lages of  the  frontier.  The  chant  rose  solemnly 
and  sadly  in  the  night  air,  and  reminded  me 
of  the  description  of  similar  canticles  in  the 
camps  of  the  covenanters ;  and,  indeed,  the 
strange  medley  of  figures  and  faces,  and  un- 
couth garbs,  congregated  together  in  our 
troop,  would  not  have  disgraced  the  banners 
of  Praise-God-Barebones.  In  one  of  the 
intervals  of  this  nasal  psalmody,  an  amateur 
owl,  as  if  in  competition,  began  his  dreary 
hooting.  Immediately  there  was  a  cry 
throughout  the  camp  of  *'  Charley's  Owl ! 
Charley's  Owl!"  It  seems  this  "obscure 
bird"  had  visited  the  camp  every  night,  and 
had  been  fired  at  by  one  of  the  sentinels,  a 
half-witted  lad,  named  Charley,  who,  on  be- 
ing called  up  for  firing  when  on  duty,  ex- 
cused himself  by  saying,  that  he  understood 
that  owls  made  uncommonly  good  soup.  One 
of  the  young  rangers  mimicked  the  cry  of 
this  bird  of  wisdom,  who,  with  a  simplicity 
little  consonant  with  his  character,  came 
hovering  within  sight,  and  alighted  on  the 


THE    FATE    OF    AN    AMATEUR    OWL.     77 

naked  branch  of  a  tree  lit  up  by  the  blaze  of 
our  fire.  The  young  Count  immediately 
seized  his  fowling  piece,  took  fatal  aim,  and 
in  a  twinkling  this  poor  bird  of  ill-omen  came 
fluttering  to  the  ground.  Charley  was  now 
called  upon  to  make  and  eat  his  dish  of  owl 
soup,  but  declined,  as  he  had  not  shot  the  bird. 

In  the  course  of  the  evening  I  paid  a  visit 
to  the  Captain's  fire.  It  was  composed  of 
huge  trunks  of  trees,  and  of  suflficient  mag- 
nitude to  roast  a  buffalo  whole.  Here  were 
a  number  of  the  prime  hunters  and  leaders 
of  the  camp,  some  sitting,  some  standing, 
and  others  lying  on  skins  or  blankets  before 
the  fire,  telling  old  frontier  stories  about 
hunting  and  Indian  warfare. 

As  the  night  advanced,  we  perceived, 
above  the  trees  to  the  west,  a  ruddy  glow 
flushing  up  the  sky. 

<<  That  must  be  a  prairie  set  on  fire  by  the 
Osage  hunters,"  said  the  Captain. 

«'  It  is  at  the  Red  Fork,"  said  Beatte, 
regarding  the  sky ;  ''it  seems  but  three 
miles  distant,  yet  it,  perhaps,  is  twenty." 

E  3 


78  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

About  half-past  eight  o'clock  a  beautiful 
pale  light  gradually  sprang  up  in  the  east,  a 
precursor  of  the  rising  moon.  Drawing  off 
from  the  Captain's  lodge,  I  now  prepared  for 
the  night's  repose.  I  had  determined  to 
abandon  the  shelter  of  the  tent,  and  henceforth 
to  bivouac  like  the  rangers.  A  bear-skin 
spread  at  the  foot  of  a  tree  was  my  bed,  with 
a  pair  of  saddle-bags  for  a  pillow.  Wrap- 
ping myself  in  blankets,  I  stretched  myself 
on  this  hunter's  couch,  and  soon  fell  into  a 
sound  and  sweet  sleep,  from  which  I  did  not 
awake  until  the  bugle  sounded  at  day-break. 


79 


CHAPTER  XI. 

BREAKING  UP  OF  THE  ENCAMPMENT. PICTUR- 
ESQUE MARCH. GAME. CAMP  SCENES. TRI- 
UMPH OF  A  YOUNG  HUNTER.  —  ILL  SUCCESS  OF 
OLD  HUNTERS. FOUL  MURDER  OF  A  POLECAT. 

October  14.  At  the  signal  note  of  the 
bugle  the  sentmels  and  patroles  marched  in 
from  their  stations  around  the  camp,  and 
were  dismissed.  The  rangers  were  roused 
from  their  night's  repose,  and  soon  a  bust- 
ling scene  took  place.  While  some  cut 
wood,  made  fires,  and  prepared  the  morn- 
ing's meal,  others  struck  their  foul-weather 
shelters  of  blankets,  and  made  every  pre- 
paration for  departure,  while  others  dashed 
about,  through  bush  and  brake,  catching  the 
horses,  and  leading  or  driving  them  into 
camp.  During  all  this  bustle  the  forest 
rang  with  whoops,  and  shouts,  and  peals  of 

E  4 


so  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

laughter.  Wlien  all  had  breakfasted,  packed 
up  their  effects  and  camp  equipage,  and 
loaded  the  pack-horses,  the  bugle  sounded  to 
saddle  and  mount.  By  eight  o'clock  the 
whole  troop  set  off  in  a  long  straggling  line, 
with  whoop  and  halloo,  intermingled  with 
many  an  oath  at  the  loitering  pack-horses ; 
and  in  a  little  while  the  forest,  which  for 
several  days  had  been  the  scene  of  such 
unwonted  bustle  and  uproar,  relapsed  into 
its  primeval  solitude  and  silence. 

It  was  a  bright  sunny  morning,  with  that 
transparent  atmosphere  that  seems  to  bathe 
the  very  heart  with  gladness.  Our  march 
continued  parallel  to  the  Arkansas,  through 
a  rich  and  varied  country.  Sometimes  we 
had  to  break  our  way  through  alluvial  bot- 
toms, matted  with  redundant  vegetation, 
where  the  gigantic  trees  were  entangled 
with  grape  vines,  hanging,  like  cordage, 
from  their  branches.  Sometimes  we  coasted 
along  sluggish  brooks,  whose  feebly  trickling 
current  just  served  to  link  together  a  suc- 
cession of  glassy  pools,  embedded,  like  mir- 


PICTURESQUE    MARCH.  81 

rors,  on  the  quiet  bosom  of  the  forest, 
reflecting  its  autumnal  fohage,  and  patches 
of  the  clear  blue  sky.  Sometimes  we 
scrambled  up  broken  and  rocky  hills,  from 
the  summits  of  which  we  had  wide  views, 
stretching  on  one  side  over  distant  prairies, 
diversified  by  groves  and  forests,  and  on  the 
other  ranging  along  a  line  of  blue  and  sha- 
do^vy  hills,  beyond  the  waters  of  the  Ar- 
kansas. 

The  appearance  of  our  troop  was  suited  to 
the  country ;  stretching  along  in  a  line  of 
upwards  of  half  a  mile  in  length,  winding 
among  brakes  and  bushes,  and  up  and  down 
the  defiles  of  the  hills  ;  the  men  in  every 
variety  of  uncouth  garb,  with  long  rifles  on 
their  shoulders,  and  mounted  on  horses  of 
every  colour.  The  pack-horses,  too,  would 
incessantly  wander  from  the  line  of  march 
to  crop  the  surrounding  herbage,  and  were 
banged  and  beaten  back  by  Tonish  and  his 
half-breed  compeers,  with  volleys  of  mongrel 
oaths.  Every  now  and  then  the  notes  of 
the  bugle,  from  the    head  of  the  column, 

E  5 


82  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

would  echo  throuo-h  the  woodlands,  and 
along  the  hollow  glens,  summoning  up  strag- 
glers, and  announcing  the  line  of  march. 
The  whole  scene  reminded  me  of  the  de- 
scriptions given  of  bands  of  buccaneers  pene- 
trating the  wilds  of  South  America  in  their 
plundering*  expeditions  against  the  Spanish 
settlements. 

At  one  time  we  passed  through  a  luxu- 
riant bottom,  or  meadow,  bordered  by  thick- 
ets, where  the  tall  grass  was  pressed  down 
into  numerous  *'  deer  beds,"  where  those 
animals  had  couched  the  preceding  night. 
Some  oak  trees  also  bore  signs  of  having 
been  clambered  by  bears,  in  quest  of  acorns, 
the  marks  of  their  claws  being  visible  in  the 
bark.  As  we  opened  a  glade  of  this  shel- 
tered meadow,  we  beheld  several  deer  bound- 
ing away  in  wild  affright,  until,  having 
gained  some  distance,  they  would  stop  and 
gaze  back,  with  the  curiosity  common  to  this 
animal,  at  the  strange  intruders  into  their 
solitudes.  There  was  immediately  a  sharp 
report  of  rifles  in  every  direction,  from  the 


GAME. CAMP    SCENES.  83 

young  huntsmen  of  the  troop  ;  but  they  were 
too  eager  to  aim  surely,  and  the  deer,  un- 
harmed, bounded  away  into  the  depths  of 
the  forest. 

In  the  course  of  our  march  we  struck  the 
Arkansas,  but  found  ourselves  still  below  the 
Red  Fork ;  and,  as  the  river  made  deep 
bends,  we  again  left  its  banks,  and  continued 
through  the  woods  until  nearly  three  o'clock, 
when  we  encamped  in  a  beautiful  basin,  bor- 
dered by  a  fine  stream,  and  shaded  by  clumps 
of  lofty  oaks.  The  horses  were  now  "  hob- 
bled ;"  that  is  to  say,  their  fore  legs  were 
fettered  with  cords,  or  leathern  straps,  so  as 
to  impede  their  movements,  and  prevent 
their  wandering  far  from  the  camp  :  they 
were  then  turned  loose  to  graze.  A  number 
of  rangers,  prime  hunters,  started  off  in  dif- 
ferent directions  in  search  of  game.  There 
was  no  whooping  or  laughing  about  the 
camp,  as  in  the  morning ;  all  were  either 
busy  about  the  fires,  preparing  the  evening's 
repast,  or  reposing  upon  the  grass.  Shots 
were  soon  heard  in  various  directions.    After 

E  6 


84  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

a  time,  a  huntsman  rode  into  the  camp  with 
the  carcass  of  a  fine  buck  hanging  across 
his  horse.  Shortly  after  came  in  a  couple 
of  stripling  hunters,  on  foot,  one  of  Avhom 
bore  on  his  shoulders  the  body  of  a  doe.  He 
was  evidently  proud  of  his  spoil,  being  pro- 
bably one  of  his  first  achievements,  though 
he  and  his  companion  were  much  bantered 
by  their  comrades,  as  young  beginners,  who 
hunted  in  partnership. 

Just  as  the  night  set  in,  there  was  a 
great  shouting  at  one  end  of  the  camp,  and 
immediately  afterwards  a  body  of  young 
rangers  came  parading  round  the  various 
fires,  bearing  one  of  their  comrades,  in  tri- 
umph, on  their  shoulders.  He  had  shot  an 
elk,  for  the  first  time  in  his  life,  and  it  was 
the  first  animal  of  the  kind  that  had  been 
killed  on  this  expedition.  The  young  hunts- 
man, whose  name  was  M'Lellan,  was  the 
hero  of  the  camp  for  the  night,  and  was  the 
"  father  of  the  feast"  into  the  bargain,  for 
portions  of  his  elk  were  soon  roasting  at 
every  fire. 


ILL    SUCCESS    OF    OLD    HUNTERS.       85 

The  other  hunters  returned  without  success. 
The  Captain  had  observed  the  tracks  of  a 
buffalo,  which  must  have  passed  within  a 
few  days,  and  had  tracked  a  bear  for  some 
distance,  until  the  foot  prints  disappeared. 
He  had  seen  an  elk,  too,  on  the  banks  of  the 
Arkansas,  which  walked  out  on  a  sand-bar 
of  the  river  ;  but,  before  he  could  steal  round 
through  the  bushes  to  get  a  shot,  it  had  re- 
entered the  woods. 

Our  own  hunter,  Beatte,  returned,  silent 
and  sulky,  from  an  unsuccessful  hunt.  As 
yet  he  had  brought  us  in  nothing,  and  we 
had  depended,  for  our  supplies  of  venison, 
upon  the  Captain's  lodge.  Beatte  was  evi- 
dently mortified,  for  he  looked  down  with 
contempt  upon  the  rangers,  as  raw  and  in- 
experienced woodmen,  but  little  skilled  in 
hunting  lore.  They,  on  the  other  hand,  re- 
garded Beatte  with  no  very  complacent  eye, 
as  one  of  an  evil  breed,  and  always  spoke  of 
him  as  "  the  Indian." 

Our  little  Frenchman,  Tonish,  also,  by  his 
incessant  boasting,  and  chattering,  and  gascon- 


86  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ading,  in  his  balclerdashed  dialect,  had  drawn 
upon  himself  the  ridicule  of  many  of  the  wags 
of  the  troop,  who  amused  themselves  at  his 
expense  in  a  vein  of  raillery  by  no  means  re- 
markable for  its  delicacy  ;  but  the  little  varlet 
was  so  completely  fortified  by  vanity  and  self- 
conceit,  that  he  was  invulnerable  to  every 
joke.  I  must  confess,  however,  that  I  felt 
a  little  mortified  at  the  sorry  figure  our  re- 
tainers were  making  among  the  moss-troopers 
of  the  frontier.  Even  our  very  equipments 
came  in  for  a  share  of  unpopularity ;  and  I 
heard  many  sneers  at  the  double-barrelled 
guns  with  which  we  were  provided  against 
smaller  game  ;  the  lads  of  the  West  holding 
'^  shot-guns,"  as  they  call  them,  in  great 
contempt,  thinking  grouse,  partridges,  and 
even  wild  turkeys,  as  beneath  their  serious 
attention,  and  the  rifle  the  only  fire-arm 
worthy  of  a  hunter. 

I  was  awakened  before  daybreak  the  next 
morning  by  the  mournful  howling  of  a  wolf, 
who  was  skulking  about  the  purlieus  of  the 
camp,   attracted   by   the    scent    of  venison. 


COCK-CROWING.  87 

Scarcely  had  the  first  grey  streak  of  dawn 
appeared,  when  a  youngster  at  one  of  the 
distant  lodges,  shaking  off  his  sleep,  crowed 
in  imitation  of  a  cock,  with  a  loud,  clear  note 
and  prolonged  cadence,  that  would  have  done 
credit  to  the  most  veteran  chanticleer.  He 
was  immediately  answered  from  another 
quarter,  as  if  from  a  rival  rooster.  The 
chant  was  echoed  from  lodge  to  lodge,  and 
followed  by  the  cackling  of  heus,  quacking 
of  ducks,  gobbling  of  turkeys,  and  grunting 
of  swine,  until  we  seemed  to  have  been  trans- 
ported into  the  midst  of  a  farm  yard,  with 
all  its  inmates  in  full  concert  around  us. 

After  riding  a  short  distance  this  morn- 
ing, we  came  upon  a  well-worn  Indian  track, 
and,  following  it,  scrambled  to  the  summit 
of  a  hill,  from  whence  we  had  a  wide  pro- 
spect over  a  country  diversified  by  rocky 
ridges  and  waving  lines  of  upland,  and  en- 
riched by  groves  and  clumps  of  trees  of  va- 
ried tints  and  foliage.  At  a  distance,  to  the 
west,  to  our  great  satisfaction,  we  beheld 
the  Red  Fork  rolling  its  ruddy  current  to 


88  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

the  Arkansas,  and  found  that  we  were  above 
the  point  of  junction.  We  now  descended, 
and  pushed  forward,  with  much  difficulty, 
through  the  low  grounds  that  border  the 
Arkansas.  Here  the  trees  were  interwoven 
\vith  enormous  grape  vines,  forming  a  kind 
of  cordage  from  trunk  to  trunk  and  from 
limb  to  limb.  There  was  a  thick  under- 
growth, also,  of  bush  and  bramble,  and  such 
an  abundance  of  hops  fit  for  gathering,  that 
it  was  difficult  for  our  horses  to  force  their 
way  through.  The  soil  was  imprinted  in 
many  places  with  the  tracks  of  deer,  and 
the  claws  of  bears  were  to  be  traced  on  va- 
rious trees.  Every  one  was  on  the  look-out, 
in  the  hope  of  starting  some  game,  when, 
suddenly,  there  was  a  bustle  and  a  clamour 
of  voices  in  a  distant  part  of  the  line.  **  A 
bear  !  a  bear  !"  was  the  cry.  We  all  pressed 
forward  to  be  present  at  the  sport,  when, 
to  my  infinite,  though  whimsical  chagrin,  I 
found  it  to  be  our  two  worthies,  Beatte  and 
Tonish,  perpetrating  a  foul  murder  on  a  pole- 
cat or  skunk !     The  animal  had  ensconced 


FOUL    MURDER    OF    A    POLECAT.         89 

itself  beneath  the  trunk  of  a  fallen  tree,  from 
whence  it  kept  up  a  vigorous  defence  in  its 
peculiar  style,  until  the  surrounding  forest 
was  in  a  high  state  of  fragrance. 

Gibes  and  jeers  now  broke  out  on  all  sides 
at  the  expense  of  the  Indian  hunter,  and  he 
was  advised  to  wear  the  scalp  of  the  skunk 
as  the  only  trophy  of  his  prowess.  \Vlien 
they  found,  however,  that  he  and  Tonish 
were  absolutely  bent  upon  bearing  off  the 
carcass  as  a  peculiar  dainty,  there  was  a 
universal  expression  of  disgust,  and  they 
were  regarded  as  little  better  than  cannibals. 

Mortified  at  this  ignominious  debut  of  our 
two  hunters,  I  insisted  upon  their  abandon- 
ing their  prize,  and  resuming  their  march. 
Beatte  complied,  with  a  dogged,  discontented 
air,  and  lagged  behind  muttering  to  himself. 
Tonish,  however,  with  his  usual  buoyancy, 
consoled  himself  by  vociferous  eulogies  on 
the  richness  and  delicacy  of  a  roasted  pole- 
cat, which  he  swore  was  considered  the 
daintiest  of  dishes  by  all  experienced  Indian 
gourmands.     It  was  with  difficulty  I  could 


90  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

silence  his  loquacity  by  repeated  and  peremp- 
tory commands.  A  Frenchman's  vivacity, 
however,  if  repressed  in  one  way,  will  break 
out  in  another,  and  Tonish  now  eased  ofif  his 
spleen  by  besto^ving  volleys  of  oaths  and 
blows  on  the  pack-horses.  I  was  likely  to 
be  no  gainer  in  the  end  by  my  opposition  to 
the  humours  of  these  varlets  ;  for,  after  a 
time,  Beatte,  who  had  lagged  behind,  rode 
up  to  the  head  of  the  line  to  resume  his 
station  as  a  guide,  and  I  had  the  vexation  to 
see  the  carcass  of  his  prize,  stripped  of  its 
skin,  and  looking  like  a  fat  sucking-pig, 
dangling  behind  his  saddle.  I  made  a  so- 
lemn vow,  however,  in  secret,  that  our  fire 
should  not  be  disgraced  by  the  cooking  of 
that  polecat. 


91 


CHAPTER  XII. 

THE    CROSSING    OF    THE    ARKANSAS. 

We  had  now  arrived  at  the  river,  about  a 
quarter  of  a  mile  above  the  junction  of  the 
Red  Fork  ;  but  the  banks  were  steep  and 
crumbling*,  and  the  current  was  deep  and 
rapid.  It  was  impossible,  therefore,  to  cross 
at  this  place,  and  we  resumed  our  painful 
course  through  the  forest,  despatching  Beatte 
ahead,  in  search  of  a  fording  place.  We 
had  proceeded  about  a  mile  further,  when  he 
rejoined  us,  bringing  intelligence  of  a  place 
hard  by,  where  the  river,  for  a  great  part  of 
its  breadth,  was  rendered  fordable  by  sand- 
bars, and  the  remainder  might  easily  be  swum 
by  the  horses. 

Here,  then,  we  made  a  halt.      Some  of 
the    rangers    set    to    work    vigorously  with 


92  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

their  axes,  felling  trees  on  the  edge  of  the 
river,  wherewith  to  form  rafts  for  the  trans- 
portation of  the  baggage  and  camp  equipage  : 
others  patrolled  the  banks  of  the  river  farther 
up,  in  hopes  of  finding  a  better  fording-place, 
being  unwilling  to  risk  their  horses  in  the 
deep  channel. 

It  was  now  that  our  worthies,  Beatte  and 
Tonish,  had  an  opportunity  of  displaying 
their  Indian  adroitness  and  resource.  At 
the  Osage  village  which  we  had  passed  a 
day  or  two  before,  they  had  procured  a  dried 
buffalo  skin.  This  was  now  produced  ;  cords 
were  passed  through  a  number  of  small  eye- 
let holes  with  which  it  was  bordered,  and  it 
was  drawn  up  until  it  formed  a  kind  of  deep 
trough.  Sticks  were  then  placed  athwart  it 
on  the  inside,  to  keep  it  in  shape  ;  our  camp 
equipage  and  a  part  of  our  baggage  were 
placed  within,  and  the  singular  bark  was 
carried  down  the  bank  and  set  afloat.  A 
cord  was  attached  to  the  prow,  which  Beatte 
took  between  his  teeth,  and,  throwing  him- 
self into  the  water,  went  ahead,  towing  the 


THE    CROSSING    OF    THE    ARKANSAS.    93 

bark  after  him,  while  Tonish  followed  be- 
hind, to  keep  it  steady  and  to  propel  it.  Part 
of  the  way  they  had  foot-hold,  and  were  en- 
abled to  wade,  but  in  the  main  current  they 
were  obliged  to  swim.  The  whole  way  they 
whooped  and  yelled  in  the  Indian  style,  until 
they  landed  safely  on  the  opposite  shore. 
.  The  Commissioner  and  myself  were  so 
well  pleased  with  this  Indian  mode  of  ferri- 
age, that  we  determined  to  trust  ourselves  in 
the  buffalo  hide.     Our  companions,  the  Count 

and    Mr.  L ,    had    proceeded   with    the 

horses  along  the  river  bank,  in  search  of  a 
ford,  which  some  of  the  rangers  had  dis- 
covered about  a  mile  and  a  half  distant. 
While  we  were  waiting  for  the  return  of  our 
ferryman,  I  happened  to  cast  my  eyes  upon 
a  heap  of  luggage  under  a  bush,  and  descried 
the  sleek  carcass  of  the  polecat,  snugly 
trussed  up,  and  ready  for  roasting  before  the 
evening  fire.  I  could  not  resist  the  tempt- 
ation to  plump  it  into  the  river,  where  it 
sank  to  the  bottom  like  a  lump  of  lead ;  and 
thu<s  our  lodge  was  relieved  from  the  bad 


94<  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

odour  which  this  savoury  viand  had  threat- 
ened to  bring  upon  it. 

Our    men    having    recrossed    with    their 
cockle-shell   bark,   it   was  drawn  on  shore, 
half  filled    with    saddles,    saddle-bags,    and 
other  luggage,  amounting  to  at  least  a  hun- 
dred weight,  and  being  again  placed  in  the 
water,   I  was  invited  to  take  my  seat.      It 
appeared  to  me  pretty  much  like  the  embark- 
ation of  the  wise  men  of  Jotham,  who  went 
to  sea  in  a  bowl :    I  stepped  in,    however, 
without  hesitation,   though   as  cautiously  as 
possible,  and  sat  down  on  top  of  the  luggage, 
the  margin  of  the  hide  sinking  to  within  a 
hand's  breadth  of  the  water's  edge.     Rifles, 
fowling-pieces,   and   other   articles   of  small 
bulk  were  then  handed  in,  until  I  protested 
against    receiving    any    more    freight.     We 
then   launched  forth   upon   the  stream,   the 
bark  being  towed  aiid  propelled  as  before. 

It  was  with  a  sensation,  half  serious,  half 
comic,  that  I  found  myself  thus  afloat,  on 
the  skin  of  a  buffalo,  in  the  midst  of  a  wild 
river,  surrounded  by  wilderness,  and  towed 


THE    CROSSING    OF    THE    ARKANSAS.    95 

along  by  a  half  savage,  whooping  and  yelling 
like  a  devil  incarnate.  To  please  the  vanity 
of  little  Tonish,  I  discharged  the  double- 
barrelled  gun  to  the  right  and  left,  when  in 
the  centre  of  the  stream.  The  report  echoed 
along  the  woody  shores,  and  was  answered 
by  shouts  from  some  of  the  rangers,  to  the 
great  exultation  of  the  little  Frenchman,  who 
took  to  himself  the  whole  glory  of  this  Indian 
mode  of  navigation. 

Our  voyage  was  accomplished  happily : 
the  Commissioner  was  ferried  across  with 
equal  success,  and  all  our  effects  were  brought 
over  in  the  same  manner.  Nothing  could 
equal  the  vainglorious  vapouring  of  little 
Tonish,  as  he  strutted  about  the  shore,  and 
exulted  in  his  superior  skill  and  knowledge 
to  the  rangers.  Beatte,  however,  kept  his 
proud  saturnine  look,  without  a  smile.  He 
had  a  vast  contempt  for  the  ignorance  of  the 
rangers,  and  felt  that  he  had  been  under- 
valued by  them.  His  only  observation  was, 
*'  Dey  now  see  de  Indian  good  for  someting, 
any  how ! " 


96  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

The  broad  sandy  shore  where  we  had 
landed,  was  intersected  by  innumerable  tracks 
of  elk,  deer,  bears,  raccoons,  turkeys,  and 
water-fowl.  The  river  scenery  at  this  place 
was  beautifully  diversified :  presenting-  long 
shining  reaches,  bordered  by  willows  and 
cotton-wood  trees  ;  rich  bottoms,  with  lofty 
forests,  among  which  towered  enormous 
plane  trees  ;  and  the  distance  was  closed  in 
by  high  embowered  promontories.  The 
foliage  had  a  yellow  autumnal  tint,  which 
gave  to  the  sunny  landscape  the  golden  tone 
of  one  of  the  landscapes  of  Claude  Lorraine. 
There  was  animation  given  to  the  scene  by  a 
raft  of  logs  and  branches,  on  which  the  Cap- 
tain, and  his  prime  companion  the  Doctor, 
were  ferrying  their  effects  across  the  stream, 
and  by  a  long  line  of  rangers  on  horseback, 
fording  the  river  obliquely  along  a  series  of 
sand-bars,  about  a  mile  and  a  half  distant. 


97 


CHAPTER  XIII. 
THE    CAMP    OF    THE    GLEN. 

CAMP    GOSSIP. —  PAWNEES    AND    THEIR    HABITS. 

A  hunter's   adventure. HORSES   FOUND  AND 

MEN    LOST. 

Being  joined  by  the  Captain  and  some  of 
the  rangers,  we  stiuck  into  the  woods  about 
half  a  mile,  and  then  entered  a  wild  rocky- 
dell,  bordered  by  two  lofty  ridges  of  lime- 
stone, which  narrowed  as  we  advanced,  until 
they  met  and  united,  making  almost  an 
angle.  Here  a  fine  spring  of  water  rose 
from  among  the  rocks,  and  fed  a  silver  rill 
that  ran  the  whole  length  of  the  dell,  freshen- 
ing the  grass  with  which  it  was  carpeted. 

In  this  rocky  nook  we  encamped  among 
tall  trees.  The  rangers  gradually  joined  us, 
straggling  through   the   forest  singly  or  in 

F 


TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

groups ;  some  on  horseback,  some  on  foot, 
driving  their  horses  before  them,  heavily 
laden  with  baggage ;  some  dripping  wet, 
having  fallen  into  the  river  ;  for  they  had 
experienced  much  fatigue  and  trouble  from 
the  length  of  the  ford,  and  the  depth  and 
rapidity  of  the  stream.  They  looked  not 
unlike  banditti  returning  with  their  plunder, 
and  the  wild  dell  was  a  retreat  worthy  to  re- 
ceive them.  The  effect  was  heightened  after 
dark,  when  the  light  of  the  fires  was  cast 
upon  ragged  looking  groups  of  men  and 
horses,  with  baggage  tumbled  in  heaps, 
rifles  piled  against  the  trees,  and  saddles, 
bridles,  and  powder-horns  hanging  about 
their  trunks. 

At  the  encampment  we  were  joined  by  the 
young  Count  and  his  companion,  and  the 
young  half-breed  Antoine,  who  had  all  passed 
successfully  by  the  ford.  To  my  annoyance, 
however,  I  discovered  that  both  of  my  horses 
were  missing.  I  had  supposed  them  in  the 
charge  of  Antoine ;  but  he,  with  characteristic 
carelessness,  had  paid  no  heed  to  them,  and 


CAMP    GOSSIP.  99 

they  had  probahly  wandered  from  the  hue  on 
the  opposite  side  of  the  river.  It  was  ar- 
ranged that  Beatte  and  Antoine  should  re- 
cross  the  river  at  an  early  hour  of  the  morn- 
ing, in  search  of  them. 

A  fat  buck  and  a  number  of  wild  turkeys 
being  brought  into  the  camp,  we  managed, 
with  the  addition  of  a  cup  of  coffee,  to  make 
a  comfortable  supper ;  after  which  I  re- 
paired to  the  Captain's  lodge,  which  Avas  a 
kind  of  council  fire  and  gossiping  place  for 
*the  veterans  of  the  camp. 

As  we  were  conversing  together  we  ob- 
served, as  on  former  nights,  a  dusky  red 
glow  in  the  west,  above  the  summits  of  the 
surrounding  cliffs  :  it  was  again  attributed 
to  Indian  fires  on  the  prairies  ;  and  supposed 
to  be  on  the  western  side  of  the  Arkansas. 
If  so,  it  was  thought  they  must  be  made  by 
some  party  of  Pawnees,  as  the  Osage  hunters 
seldom  ventured  in  that  quarter.  Our  half- 
breed,  however,  pronounced  them  Osage  fires, 
and  that  they  were  on  the  opposite  side  of 
the  Arkansas. 

F  2 


100  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

The  conversation   now    turned   upon   the 
Pawnees,    into   whose  hunting-  grounds .  we 
were  about  entering.      There  is  always  some 
wild  untamed  tribe  of  Indians,  who  form,  for 
a  time,   the  terror  of  a  frontier,   and  about 
whom  all  kinds  of  fearful  stories   are  told. 
Such,  at  present,  is  the  case  with  the  Paw- 
nees,   who    roam    the    regions   between   the 
Arkansas  and  the  Red  River,  and  the  prairies 
of  Texas.     Tliey  are  represented  as  admir- 
able  horsemen,    and  always   on   horseback ; 
mounted  on  fleet  and  hardy  steeds,  the  wild 
race  of  the  prairies.     With  these  they  roam 
the  great  plains  that  extend  about  the  Ar- 
kansas, the  Red  River,  and  through  Texas, 
to  the  Rocky  Mountains,  sometimes  engaged 
in  hunting  the  deer  and  buffalo,   sometimes 
in  warlike   and   predatory  expeditions  ;   for, 
like  their  counterparts,  the  sons  of  Ishmael, 
their  hand  is  against  every  one,   and  every 
-one's  hand   against  them.      Some   of   them 
have  no  fixed  habitation,  but  dwell  in  tents  of 
skins,   easily  packed  up  and  transported,   so 
that  they  are  here  to-day,  and  away,  no  one 


PAWNEES    AND    THEIR    HABITS.       101 

knows  where,  to-morrow.  One  of  the  veteran 
hunters  gave  several  anecdotes  of  their  mode 
of  fighting.  Luckless,  according  to  his  ac- 
count, is  the  band  of  weary  traders  or  hunters 
descried  by  them  in  the  midst  of  a  prairie. 
Sometimes  they  will  steal  upon  them  by 
stratagem,  hanging  with  one  leg  over  the 
saddle,  and  their  bodies  concealed,  so  that 
their  troop  at  a  distance  has  the  appearance 
of  a  gang  of  wild  horses.  When  they  have 
thus  gained  sufficiently  upon  the  enemy,  they 
will  suddenly  raise  themselves  in  their  saddles, 
and  come  like  a  rushing  blast,  all  fluttering 
with  feathers,  shaking  their  mantles,  bran- 
dishing their  weapons,  and  making  hideous 
yells.  In  this  way  they  seek  to  strike  a 
panic  into  the  horses,  and  put  them  to  the 
scamper,  when  they  will  pursue  and  carry 
them  off  in  triumph. 

The  best  mode  of  defence,  according  to 
this  veteran  woodman,  is  to  get  into  the  co- 
vert of  some  wood  or  thicket ;  or,  if  there 
be  none  at  hand,  to  dismount,  tie  the  horses 
firmly  head  to  head  in  a  circle,  so  that  they 

F  3 


102  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

cannot  break  away  and  scatter,  and  resort  to 
the  shelter  of  a  ravine,  or  make  a  hollow  in 
the  sand,  where  they  may  be  secured  from 
the  shafts  of  the  Pawnees.  The  latter  chiefly 
use  the  bow  and  arrow,  and  are  dexterous 
archers,  circling  round  and  round  their  enemy, 
and  launching  their  arrows  when  at  full 
speed.  Tliey  are  chiefly  formidable  on  the 
prairies,  where  they  have  free  career  for  their 
horses,  and  no  trees  to  turn  aside  their  arrows. 
They  will  rarely  follow  a  flying  enemy  into 
the  forest. 

Several  anecdotes  also  were  given  of  the 
secrecy  and  caution  with  which  they  will 
follow  and  hang  about  the  camp  of  an  enemy, 
seeking  a  favourable  moment  for  plunder  or 
attacK. 

*'  We  must  now  begin  to  keep  a  sharp 
look  out,'*  said  the  Captain.  '*  I  must  issue 
written  orders  that  no  man  shall  hunt  with- 
out leave,  or  fire  off  a  gun,  on  pain  of  riding 
a  wooden  horse  with  a  sharp  back.  I  have 
a  wild  crew  of  young  fellows,  unaccustomed 
to  frontier  service.      It  will  be  difficult   to 


THE    CAMP    OF    THE    GLEN.  103 

teach  them  caution.  We  are  now  in  the  land 
of  a  silent,  watchful,  crafty  people,  who, 
when  we  least  suspect  it,  may  be  around  us, 
spying  out  all  our  movements,  and  ready  to 
pounce  upon  all  stragglers." 

**  How  will  you  be  able  to  keep  your  men 
from  firing,  if  they  see  game  while  strolling 
round  the  camp  ?  "  asked  one  of  the  rangers. 

*'  They  must  not  take  their  guns  with 
them,  unless  they  are  on  duty  or  have  per- 


mission." 


''  Ah,  Captain  !*'  cried  the  ranger,  "  that 
will  never  do  for  me.  Where  I  go  my  rifle 
goes.  I  never  like  to  leave  it  behind.  It's 
like  a  part  of  myself.  There's  no  one  will 
take  such  care  of  it  as  I,  and  there's  nothing 
will  take  such  care  of  me  as  my  rifle." 

**  There's  truth  in  all  that,"  said  the  Cap- 
tain, touched  by  a  true  hunter's  sympathy; 
**  I've  had  my  rifle  pretty  nigh  as  long  as  I 
have  had  my  wife,  and  a  faithful  friend  it 
has  been  to  me." 

Here  the  Doctor,  who  is  as  keen  a  hunter 
as  the  Captain,  joined  in  the  conversation : 

F  4 


104  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

"  A  neighbour  of  mine  says,  next  to  my  rifle 
I'd  as  lief  lend  you  my  wife." 

*'  There 's  few,"  observed  the  Captain, 
**  that  take  care  of  their  rifles  as  they  ought 
to  be  taken  care  of." 

"  Or  of  their  wives  either,"  replied  the 
Doctor,  Avith  a  wink. 

"  That's  a  fact,"  rejoined  the  Captain. 

Word  was  now  brought  that  a  party  of 
four  rangers,  headed  by  old  Ryan,  were 
missing.  They  had  separated  from  the  main 
body,  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river,  when 
searching  for  a  ford,  and  had  straggled  off, 
iiobody  knew  whither.  Many  conjectures 
were  made  about  them,  and  some  apprehen- 
sions expressed  for  their  safety. 

''  I  should  send  to  look  after  them,"  said 
the  Captain,  *'  but  old  Ryan  is  with  them, 
and  he  knows  how  to  take  care  of  himself, 
and  of  them  too.  If  it  were  not  for  him  I 
would  not  give  much  for  the  rest ;  but  he  is 
as  much  at  home  in  the  woods  or  on  a  prairie 
as  he  would  be  in  liis  own  farm-yard.  There's 
a  good  gang  of  them  to  stand  by  one  another  5 


THE    CAMP    OF    THE    GLEN.  105 

four  to  watch  and  one  to  take  care  of  the 
fire." 

"  It 's  a  dismal  thing  to  get  lost  at  night 
in  a  strange  and  wild  country,"  said  one  of 
the  younger  rangers. 

'*  Not  if  you  have  one  or  two  in  company," 
said  an  older  one.  **  For  my  part,  I  could 
feel  as  cheerful  in  this  hollow  as  in  my  own 
home,  if  I  had  hut  one  comrade  to  take 
turns  to  watch  and  keep  the  fire  going.  I 
could  lie  here  for  hours  and  gaze  up  to  that 
blazing  star  there,  that  seems  to  look  down 
into  the  camp  as  if  it  were  keeping  guard 
over  it. 

*^  Ay,  the  stars  are  a  kind  of  company  to 
one,  when  you  have  to  keep  watch  alone. 
That's  a  cheerful  star  too,  somehow  ;  that's 
the  evening  star,  the  planet  Venus,  they  call 
it,  I  think." 

'*  If  that 's  the  planet  Venus,"  said  one  of 
the  council,  who  I  believe  was  the  psalm- 
singing  schoolmaster,  **  it  bodes  us  no  good  ; 
for  I  recollect  reading  in  some  book  that  the 
Pawnees  worship  that  star,  and  sacrifice  their 

F  5 


106  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

prisoners  to  it.  So  I  should  not  feel  the 
better  for  the  sight  of  that  star  in  this  part 
of  the  country.'^ 

''  Well,"  said  the  sergeant,  a  thorough- 
bred woodman,  *'  star  or  no  star,  I  have 
passed  many  a  night  alone  in  a  wilder  place 
than  this,  and  slept  sound  too,  I  '11  warrant 
you.  Once,  however,  I  had  rather  an  un- 
easy time  of  it.  I  was  belated  in  passing 
through  a  tract  of  wood  near  the  Tonbigbe 
river  :  so  I  struck  a  light,  made  a  fire,  and 
turned  my  horse  loose,  while  I  stretched 
myself  to  sleep.  By  and  by  I  heard  the 
wolves  howl.  My  horse  came  crowding 
near  me  for  protection,  for  he  was  terribly 
frightened.  I  drove  him  off,  but  he  returned, 
and  drew  nearer  and  nearer,  and  stood  look- 
ing at  me  and  at  the  fire,  and  dozing,  and 
nodding,  and  tottering  on  his  fore  feet,  for 
he  was  powerful  tired.  After  a  while  I 
heard  a  strange  dismal  cry.  I  thought  at 
first  it  might  be  an  owl.  I  heard  it  again  ; 
and  then  I  knew  it  was  not  an  owl,  but 
must  be  a  panther. 


A  hunter's  adventure.  107 

"  I  felt  rather  awkward,  for  I  had  no 
%veapon  but  a  double -bladed  penknife.  I, 
however,  prepared  for  defence  in  the  best 
way  I  could,  and  piled  up  small  brands  from 
the  fire,  to  pepper  him  with,  should  he  come 
nigh.  The  company  of  my  horse  now  seemed 
a  comfort  to  me  ;  the  poor  creature  laid 
down  beside  me  and  soon  fell  asleep,  being 
so  tired.  I  kept  watch,  and  nodded,  and 
dozed,  and  started  awake,  and  looked  round, 
expecting  to  see  the  flaring  eyes  of  the 
panther  close  upon  me  ;  but,  somehow  or 
other,  fatigue  got  the  better  of  me,  and  I  fell 
asleep  outright.  In  the  morning  I  found  the 
tracks  of  a  panther  within  sixty  paces  :  they 
were  as  large  as  my  two  fists.  He  had  evi- 
dently been  walking  backwards  and  forwards, 
trying  to  make  up  his  mind  to  attack  me,  but 
luckily  he  had  not  courage." 

Oct.  16.  —  I  awoke  before  day-break. 
The  moon  was  shining  feebly  down  into  the 
glen  from  among  light  drifting  clouds,  the 
camp  fires  were  nearly  burnt  out,  and  the  men 
lying  about  them  wrapped  in  blankets.  With 

F  6 


108  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

the  first  streak  of  clay,  our  huntsman  Beatte, 
with  Antoine,  the  young  lialf-breed,  set  off  to 
recross  the  river  in  search  of  the  stray  horses, 
in  company  with  several  rangers  who  had 
left  their  rifles  and  baggage  on  the  opposite 
shore.  As  the  ford  was  deep,  and  they  were 
obliged  to  cross  in  a  diagonal  line,  against  a 
rapid  current,  they  had  to  be  mounted  on 
the  tallest  and  strongest  horses.  By  eight 
o'clock  Beatte  returned.  He  had  found  both 
horses,  but  had  lost  Antoine.  The  latter  he 
said  was  a  boy,  a  greenhorn  that  knew 
nothing  of  the  woods.  He  had  wandered 
out  of  sight  of  him,  and  got  lost.  However, 
there  were  plenty  more  for  him  to  fall  in 
company  with,  as  some  of  the  rangers  had 
gone  astray  also,  and  old  Ryan  and  his  party 
had  not  returned. 

We  waited  until  the  morning  was  some- 
what advanced,  in  hopes  of  being  rejoined  by 
the  stragglers,  but  they  did  not  make  their 
appearance.  The  Captain  observed  that  the 
Indians  on  the  opposite  side  of  the  river 
were  all  well  disposed  to  the  whites,  so  that 


1 


HORSES    FOUND    AND    MEN    LOST.    109 

ho  serious  apprehensions  need  be  entertained 
for  the  safety  of  the  missing :  the  greatest 
danger  was  that  their  horses  might  be  stolen, 
in  the  night,  by  stragghng  Osages.  He  de- 
termined, therefore,  to  proceed,  leaving  a 
rear-guard  in  the  camp  to  await  their  arrival. 

I  sat  on  a  rock  that  overhung  the  spring, 
at  the  upper  part  of  the  dell,  and  amused 
myself  by  watching  the  changing  scene  be- 
fore me.  First,  the  preparations  for  de- 
parture :  — horses  driven  in  from  the  purlieus 
of  the  camp  ;  rangers  riding  about  rocks 
and  bushes  in  quest  of  others  that  had  strayed 
to  a  distance  ;  the  bustle  of  packing  up  camp 
equipage,  and  the  clamour  after  kettles  and 
frying-pans,  borrowed  by  one  mess  from  an- 
other, mixed  up  with  oaths  and  exclamations 
at  restive  horses  or  others  that  had  wandered 
away  to  graze  after  being  backed,  among 
which  the  voice  of  our  little  Frenchman 
Tonish  was  particularly  to  be  distinguished. 

The  bugle  sounded  the  signal  to  mount 
and  march.  The  troop  filed  off  in  irregular 
line  down  the  glen,  and  through  the  open 


110  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

forest,  winding  and  gradually  disappearing 
among  the  trees,  though  the  clanaour  of 
voices,  and  the  notes  of  the  bugle,  could  be 
heard  for  some  time  afterwards.  The  rear- 
guard remained  under  the  trees  in  the  lower 
part  of  the  dell,  some  on  horseback,  with 
their  rifles  on  their  shoulders  ;  others  seated 
by  the  fire  or  lying  on  the  ground,  gossiping 
in  a  low,  lazy  tone  of  voice,  their  horses,  un- 
saddled, standing  and  dozing  around  ;  while 
one  of  the  rangers,  profiting  by  this  interval 
of  leisure,  was  shaving  himself  before  a 
pocket  mirror  stuck  against  the  trunk  of  a 
tree. 

Tlie  clamour  of  voices  and  the  notes  of 
the  bugle  at  length  died  away,  and  the  glen 
relapsed  into  quiet  and  silence,  broken  occar 
sionally  by  the  low  murmuring  tones  of  the 
group  around  the  fire,  the  pensive  whistle 
of  some  laggard  among  the  trees,  or  the 
rustling  of  the  yellow  leaves  which  the 
lightest  breath  of  air  brought  down  in 
wavering  showers,  a  sign  of  the  departing 
glories  of  the  year. 


Ill 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

DEER  SHOOTING LIFE  ON  THE  PRAIRIES BEAU- 
TIFUL ENCAMPMENT. HUNTER's  LUCK.  —  ANEC- 
DOTES OF  THE  DELAWARES,  AND  THEIR  SUPER- 
STITIONS. 

Having  passed  through  the  skirt  of  wood- 
land bordering  the  river,  we  ascended  the 
hills,  taking  a  westerly  course  through  an  un- 
dulating country  of  ''  oak  openings,"  where 
the  eye  stretched  at  times  over  wide  tracts  of 
hill  and  dale,  diversified  by  forests,  groves, 
and  clumps  of  trees.  As  we  were  pro- 
ceeding at  a  slow  pace,  those  who  were 
at  the  head  of  the  line  descried  four  deer 
grazing  on  a  grassy  slope,  about  half  a  mile 
distant.  They,  apparently,  had  not  per- 
ceived our  approach,  and  continued  to  graze 
in  perfect  tranquillity.  A  young  ranger  ob- 
tained permission  from  the  Captain  to  go  in 
pursuit  of   them,   and   the    troop   halted  in 


112  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

lengthened  line,  watching  him  in  silence. 
Walking  his  horse  slowly  and  cautiously,  he 
made  a  circuit,  until  a  grove  of  wood  in- 
tervened between  him  and  the  deer.  Dis- 
mounting then,  he  left  his  horse  among  the 
trees,  arid,  creeping  round  a  knoll,  was  hidden 
from  our  view.  We  now  kept  our  eyes  in- 
tently fixed  on  the  deer,  which  continued 
grazing,  unconscious  of  their  danger.  Pre- 
sently there  was  the  sharp  report  of  a  rifle  ; 
a  fine  buck  made  a  convulsive  bound  and  fell 
to  the  earth ;  his  companions  scampered  off. 
Immediately  our  whole  line  of  march  was 
broken  :  there  was  a  helter-skelter  galloping 
of  the  youngsters  of  the  troop,  eager  to  get 
a  shot  at  the  fugitives  ;  and  one  of  the  most 
conspicuous  personages  in  the  chase  was  our 
little  Frenchman  Tonish  on  his  silver  grey, 
having  abandoned  his  pack-horses  at  the  first 
sig^ht  of  the  deer.  It  was  some  time  before 
our  scattered  forces  could  be  recalled  by  the 
bugle,  and  our  march  resumed. 

Two  or  three  times  in  the  course  of  the 
day  we    were    interrupted    by   hurry-scurry 


DEER    SHOOTING.  113 

scenes  of  the  kind.  The  young  men  of  the 
troop  were  full  of  excitement  on  entering  an 
unexplored  country  abounding  in  game,  and 
they  were  too  little  accustomed  to  discipline 
or  restraint  to  be  kept  in  order.  No  one, 
however,  was  more  unmanageable  than  our 
Tonish.  Having  an  intense  conceit  of  his 
skill  as  a  hunter,  and  an  irrepressible  passion 
for  display,  he  was  continually  sallying  forth, 
like  an  ill-broken  hound,  whenever  any  game 
was  started,  and  had  as  often  to  be  whipped 
back. 

At  length  his  vanity  got  a  salutary  check. 
A  fat  doe  came  bounding  along  in  full  sight 
of  the  whole  line.  Tonish  dismounted,  le- 
velled his  rifle,  and  had  a  fair  shot.  The 
doe  kept  on.  He  sprang  upon  his  horse, 
stood  up  on  the  saddle  like  a  posture  master, 
and  continued  gazing  after  the  animal,  as  if 
certain  to  see  it  fall.  The  doe,  however, 
kept  on  its  way  rejoicing  ;  a  laugh  broke  out 
along  the  line  ;  the  little  Frenchman  slipt 
quietly  into  his  saddle,  began  to  belabour 
and  blaspheme  the  wandering  pack-horses, 


114  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

as  if  they  had  been  to  blame  ;  and  for  some 
time  we  were  reheved  from  his  vamiting  and 
vapouring. 

In  one  part  of  our  march  we  came  to  the 
remains  of  an  old  Indian  encampment,  on 
the  banks  of  a  fine  stream,  with  the  moss- 
groA\ai  skulls  of  deer  lying  here  and  there 
about  it.  As  we  were  in  the  Pawnee  coun- 
try, it  was  supposed,  of  course,  to  have  been 
a  camp  of  those  formidable  rovers.  The  Doc- 
tor, however,  after  considering  the  shape  and 
disposition  of  the  lodges,  pronounced  it  the 
camp  of  some  bold  Delawares,  who  had  pro- 
bably made  a  brief  and  dashing  excursion 
into  these  dangerous  hunting-grounds. 

Having  proceeded  some  distance  further, 
Ave  observed  a  couple  of  figures  on  horse- 
back, slowly  moving  parallel  to  us  along  the 
edge  of  a  naked  hill  about  two  miles  distant, 
and  apparently  reconnoitring  us.  There  was 
a  halt,  and  much  gazing  and  conjecturing. 
Were  they  Indians  ?  If  Indians,  were  they 
Pawnees  ?  There  is  something  exciting  to 
the  imagination  and  stirring  to  the  feelings. 


LIFE    ON    THE    PRAIRIES.  115 

while  traversing"  these  hostile  plains,  in  see- 
ing a  horseman  prowling  along  the  horizon. 
It  is  hke  descrying  a  sail  at  sea  in  time  of  war, 
when  it  may  be  either  a  privateer  or  a  pirate. 
Our  conjectures  were  soon  set  at  rest,  by 
reconnoitring  the  two  horsemen  through  a 
small  spy-glass,  when  they  proved  to  be  two 
of  the  men  we  had  left  at  the  camp,  who  had 
set  out  to  rejoin  us,  and  had  wandered  from 
the  track. 

Our  march  this  day  was  animating  and 
delightful.  We  were  in  a  region  of  adven- 
ture ;  breaking  our  way  through  a  country 
hitherto  untrodden  by  white  men,  excepting 
perchance  by  some  solitary  trapper.  The 
weather  was  in  its  perfection  —  temperate, 
genial,  and  enlivening ;  a  deep  blue  sky, 
with  a  few  light  feathery  clouds  ;  an  atmo- 
sphere of  perfect  transparency  ;  an  air  pure 
and  bland  ;  and  a  glorious  country  spreading 
out  far  and  wide  in  the  golden  sunshine  of 
an  autumnal  day  ;  but  all  silent,  lifeless,  — 
without  a  human  habitation,  and  apparently 
without  a  human  inhabitant.     It  was  as  if  a 

O 


116  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ban  hung  over  this  fair  but  fated  region. 
The  very  Indians  dared  not  abide  here,  but 
made  it  a  mere  scene  of  perilous  enterprise, 
to  hunt  for  a  few  days,  and  then  away. 

After  a  march  of  about  fifteen  miles  west, 
we  encamped  in  a  beautiful  peninsula,  made 
by  the  windings  and  doublings  of  a  deep, 
clear,  and  almost  motionless  brook,  and  co- 
vered by  an  open  grove  of  lofty  and  mag- 
nificent trees.  Several  hunters  immediately 
started  forth  in  quest  of  game,  before  the 
noise  of  the  camp  should  frighten  it  from  the 
vicinity.  Our  man  Beatte  also  took  his  rifle, 
and  went  forth  alone  in  a  different  course 
from  the  rest. 

For  my  own  part,  I  lay  on  the  grass 
under  the  trees,  and  built  castles  in  the 
clouds,  and  indulged  in  the  very  luxury  of 
rural  repose.  Indeed,  I  can  scarcely  con- 
ceive a  kind  of  life  more  calculated  to  put 
both  mind  and  body  in  a  healthful  tone.  A 
morning's  ride  of  several  hours,  diversified 
by  hunting  incidents  ;  an  encampment  in  the 
afternoon   under   some  noble   grove  on   the 


BEAUTIFUL    ENCAMPMENT.  117 

borders  of  a  stream  ;  an  evening  banquet  of 
venison  fresh  killed,  roasted,  or  broiled  on 
the  coals ;  turkeys  just  from  the  thickets, 
and  wild  honey  from  the  trees  ;  and  all  re- 
lished with  an  appetite  unknown  to  the  gour- 
mands of  the  cities.  And  then  at  night  — 
such  sweet  sleeping  in  the  open  air  ;  or 
waking  and  gazing  at  the  moon  and  stars, 
shinino'  between  the  branches  of  the  trees  ! 

On  the  present  occasion,  however,  we  had 
not  much  reason  to  boast  of  our  larder. 
But  one  deer  had  been  killed  during  the  day, 
and  none  of  that  had  reached  our  lodge. 
We  were  fain,  therefore,  to  stay  our  keen 
appetites  by  some  scraps  of  turkey,  brought 
from  the  last  encampment,  eked  out  with  a 
slice  or  two  of  salt  pork.  Tliis  scarcity, 
however,  did  not  continue  long.  Before 
dark,  a  young  hunter  returned  well  laden 
with  spoil.  He  had  shot  a  deer,  cut  it  up  in 
an  artist-like  style,  and,  putting  the  meat  in 
a  kind  of  sack,  made  of  the  hide,  had  slung  it 
across  his  shoulder,  and  trudged  with  it  to 
the  camp. 


118  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Not  long  after,  Beatte  made  his  appear- 
ance, with  a  fat  doe  across  his  horse.  It 
was  the  first  game  he  had  brought  in,  and  I 
was  glad  to  see  him  with  a  trophy  that 
might  efface  the  memory  of  the  pole-cat. 
He  laid  the  carcass  down  by  our  fire,  without 
saying  a  word,  and  then  turned  to  unsaddle 
his  horse  ;  nor  could  any  questions  from  us 
about  his  hunting  draw  from  him  more  than 
laconic  replies. 

If  Beatte,  however,  observed  this  Indian 
taciturnity  about  what  he  had  done,  Tonish 
made  up  for  it  by  boasting  of  what  he  meant 
to  do.  Now  that  we  were  in  a  good  hunting 
country,  he  meant  to  take  the  field  ;  and,  if 
you  would  take  his  word  for  it,  our  lodge 
would  henceforth  be  overwhelmed  with  game. 
Luckily,  his  talking  did  not  prevent  his 
working  ;  the  doe  was  skilfully  dissected, 
several  fat  ribs  roasted  before  the  fire,  the 
coffee  kettle  replenished,  and,  in  a  little 
while,  we  were  enabled  to  indemnify  our- 
selves luxuriously  for  our  late  meagre  repast. 
The  Captain  did  not  return  until  late,  and 


hunter's  luck.  119 

he  returned  empty-handed.     He  had  been  in 
pursuit  of  his  usual  game,  the  deer,  when  he 
came  upon  the  tracks  of  a  gang  of  about 
sixty  elk.     Having  never  killed  an   animal 
of  the  kind,  and  the  elk  being  at  this  mo- 
ment an  object  of  ambition  among  all   the 
veteran  hunters  of  the  camp,  he  abandoned 
his  pursuit   of  the   deer,    and   followed  the 
newly  discovered  track.      After  some  time 
he  came  in  sight  of  the  elk,  and  had  several 
fair  chances  of  a  sbot  ;   but  was  anxious  to 
bring  down  a  large  buck,  which  kept  in  the 
advance.     Finding,  at  length,  that  there  was 
danger  of  the  whole  gang  escaping  him,  he 
fired  at  a  doe.     The  shot  took  effect ;  but  the 
animal   had  sufficient  strength   to  keep   on 
for  a  time  with  its  companions.     From  the 
tracks  of  blood,  he  felt  confident  it  was  mor- 
tally wounded  ;    but  evening  came   on,   he 
could  not  keep  the  trail,   and  had  to  give  up 
the  search  until  morning. 

Old  Ryan  and  his  little  band  had  not  yet 
rejoined  us,  neither  had  our  young  half- 
breed,  Antoine,   made  his  appearance.      It 


120  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

was  determined,  therefore,  to  remain  at  our 
encampment  for  the  following  day,  to  give 
time  for  all  stragglers  to  arrive. 

The  conversation,  this  evening,  among  the 
old  huntsmen,  turned  upon  the  Delaware 
tribe,  one  of  whose  encampments  we  had 
passed  in  the  course  of  the  day ;  and  anec- 
dotes were  given  of  their  prowess  in  war 
and  dexterity  in  hunting.  They  used  to  be 
deadly  foes  of  the  Osages,  who  stood  in 
great  awe  of  their  desperate  valour,  though 
they  were  apt  to  attribute  it  to  a  whimsical 
cause.  "  Look  at  dem  Delawares,"  would 
they  say,  *'  dey  got  short  leg — no  can  run 
—  must  stand  and  fight  a  great  heap."  In 
fact,  the  Delawares  are  rather  short-legged, 
while  the  Osages  are  remarkable  for  length 
of  limb. 

The  expeditions  of  the  Delawares,  whether 
of  war  or  hunting,  are  wide  and  fearless.  A 
small  band  of  them  will  penetrate  far  into 
these  dangerous  and  hostile  wilds,  and  will 
push  their  encampments  even  to  the  Rocky 
Mountains.     This  daring  temper  may  be,  in 


SUPERSTITIONS    OF    THE    DELAWARES.     121 

some  measure,  encouraged  by  one  of  the  su- 
perstitions of  their  creed.  They  believe  that 
a  guardian  spirit,  in  the  form  of  a  great 
eagle,  watches  over  them,  hovering  in  the 
sky  far  out  of  sight.  Sometimes,  when 
well  pleased  with  them,  he  wheels  down  into 
the  lower  regions,  and  may  be  seen  circling 
with  wide-spread  wings  against  the  white 
clouds.  At  such  times  the  seasons  are  pro- 
pitious ;  the  corn  grows  finely >  and  they 
have  great  success  in  hunting.  Sometimes, 
however,  he  is  angry ;  and  then  he  vents 
his  rage  in  the  thunder,  which  is  his  voice, 
and  the  lightning,  which  is  the  flashing  of 
his  eye,  and  strikes  dead  the  object  of  his 
displeasure. 

The  Delawares  make  sacrifices  to  this 
spirit,  who  occasionally  lets  drop  a  feather 
from  his  wing,  in  token  of  satisfaction. 
These  feathers  render  the  wearer  invincible 
and  invulnerable.  Indeed,  the  Indians  ge- 
nerally consider  the  feathers  of  the  eagle 
possessed  of  occult  and  sovereign  virtues. 
At  one  time   a  party  of  Delawares,  in  the 

G 


122  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

course  of  a  bold  incursion  into  the  Pawnee 
hunting  grounds,  were  surrounded  on  one  of 
the  great  plains,  and  nearly  destroyed.  The 
remnant  took  refuge  on  the  summit  of  one 
of  those  isolated  and  conical  hills  that  rise 
almost  like  artificial  mounds  from  the  midst 
of  the  prairies.  Here  the  chief  warrior, 
di'iven  almost  to  despair,  sacrificed  his  horse 
to  the  tutelar  spirit.  Suddenly  an  enormous 
eagle,  rushing  down  from  the  sky,  bore  off 
the  victim  in  his  talons,  and  mounting  into 
the  air,  dropped  a  quill  feather  from  his 
wing.  The  chief  caught  it  up  with  joy, 
bound  it  to  his  forehead ;  and,  leading  his 
followers  down  the  hill,  cut  his  v/ay  through 
the  enemy  with  great  slaughter,  and  without 
any  one  of  his  party  receiving  a  wound. 


123 


CHAPTER  XV. 

THE    ELK    CAMP. 

THE    SEARCH    FOR    THE    ELK.  — PAWNEE    STORIES. 

With  the  morning  dawn  the  prime  hunters 
of  the  camp  were  all  on  the  alert,  and  set  off 
in  different  directions  to  beat  up  the  country 
for  game.  The  Captain's  brother,  Sergeant 
Bean,  was  among  the  first,  and  returned 
before  breakfast  with  success,  having  killed 
a  fat  doe  almost  within  the  purlieus  of  the 
camp. 

When  breakfast  was  over,  the  Captain 
mounted  his  horse  to  go  in  quest  of  the  elk 
which  he  had  wounded  on  the  preceding 
evening,  and  which,  he  was  persuaded,  had 
received  its  death-wound.     I  determined  to 

G    2 


1^4  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

jom  him  in  the  search  ;  and  we  accordingly- 
sallied  forth  together,  accompanied  also  by 
his  brother  the  sergeant,  and  a  lieutenant. 
Two  rangers  followed  on  foot,  to  bring  home 
the  carcass  of  the  doe  which  the  sergeant 
had  killed.  We  had  not  ridden  far,  when 
we  came  to  where  it  lay,  on  the  side  of  a  hill, 
in  the  midst  of  a  beautiful  woodland  scene. 
The  two  rangers  immediately  fell  to  work, 
with  true  hunters'  skill,  to  dismember  it,  and 
prepare  it  for  transportation  to  the  camp, 
while  we  continued  on  our  course.  We 
passed  along  sloping  hill  sides,  among  skirts 
of  thicket  and  scattered  forest  trees,  until  we 
came  to  a  place  where  the  long  herbage  was 
pressed  down  with  numerous  elk  beds.  Here 
the  Captain  had  first  roused  the  gang  of  elks  ; 
and,  after  looking  about  diligently  for  a  little 
while,  he  pointed  out  their  "  trail,"  the  foot- 
prints of  which  were  as  large  as  those  of 
horned  cattle.  He  now  put  himself  upon  the 
track,  and  went  quietly  forward,  the  rest  of 
us  following  him  in  Indian  file.  At  length 
he  halted  at  the  place  where  the  elk  had  been 


SEARCH    FOR    THE    ELK.  125 

when  shot  at :  spots  of  blood  on  the  sur- 
rounding herbage  showed  that  the  shot  had 
been  effective.  The  wounded  animal  had 
evidently  kept  for  some  distance  with  the  rest 
of  the  herd,  as  could  be  seen  by  sprinklings 
of  blood  here  and  there  on  the  shrubs  and 
weeds  bordering  the  trail.  These  at  length 
suddenly  disappeared.  '*  Somewhere  here- 
about," said  the  Captain,  "  the  elk  must 
have  turned  off  from  the  gang.  Whenever 
they  feel  themselves  mortally  wounded,  they 
will  turn  aside,  and  seek  some  out  of  the  way 
place  to  die  alone." 

There  was  something  in  this  picture  of  the 
last  moments  of  a  wounded  deer  to  touch  the 
sympathies  of  one  not  hardened  to  the  gentle 
disports  of  the  chase  :  such  sympathies,  how- 
ever, are  but  transient.  Man  is  naturally  an 
animal  of  prey,  and,  however  changed  by 
civilisation,  will  readily  relapse  into  his  in- 
stinct for  destruction.  I  found  my  ravenous 
and  sanguinary  propensities  daily  growing 
stronger  upon  the  prairies. 

After  looking  about  for  a  little  while,  the 

G  3 


126  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Captain  succeeded  in  finding  the  separate 
trail  of  the  wounded  elk,  which  turned  off 
almost  at  right  angles  from  that  of  the  herd, 
and  entered  an  open  forest  of  scattered  trees. 
The  traces  of  blood  became  more  faint  and 
rare,  and  occurred  at  greater  distances  ;  at 
length  they  ceased  altogether,  and  the  ground 
Avas  so  hard,  and  the  herbage  so  much  parched 
and  withered,  that  the  foot  prints  of  the 
animal  could  no  longer  be  perceived. 

"  The  elk  must  be  somewhere  in  that 
neighbourhood,"  said  the  Captain,  *'  as  you 
may  know  by  those  turkey  buzzards  wheel- 
ing' about  in  the  air  ;  for  they  always  hover 
in  that  way  above  some  carcass.  However, 
the  dead  elk  cannot  get  away,  so  let  us  follow 
the  trail  of  the  living  ones  ;  they  may  have 
halted  at  no  great  distance,  and  we  may  find 
them  grazing,  and  get  another  crack  at  them." 

We  accordingly  returned,  and  resumed  the 
trail  of  the  elks,  which  led  us  a  straggling 
course  over  hill  and  dale,  covered  with  scat- 
tered oaks.  Every  now  and  then  we  would 
catch  a  glimpse  of  a  deer  bounding  away 


SEARCH    FOR    THE    ELK.  127 

across  some  glade  of  the  forest ;  but  the  Cap- 
tain was  not  to  be  diverted  from  his  elk  hunt 
by  such  inferior  game.  A  large  flock  of 
wild  turkeys,  too,  were  roused  by  the  tramp- 
ling of  our  horses  ;  some  scampered  off  as 
fast  as  their  long  legs  could  carry  them  ; 
others  fluttered  up  into  the  trees,  where  they 
remained,  with  outstretched  necks,  gazing  at 
us.  The  Captain  would  not  allow  a  rifle  to 
be  discharged  at  them,  lest  it  should  alarm 
the  elk,  which  he  hoped  to  find  in  the  vicinity. 
At  length  we  came  to  where  the  forest  ended 
in  a  steep  bank,  and  the  Red  Fork  wound  its 
way  below  us,  between  broad  sandy  shores. 
Tlie  trail  descended  the  bank,  and  we  could 
trace  it,  with  our  eyes,  across  the  level  sands 
until  it  terminated  in  the  river,  which  it  was 
evident  the  gang  had  forded  on  the  preceding 
evening. 

*'  It  is  needless  to  follow  on  any  further," 
said  the  Captain.  "  The  elk  must  have 
beefl  much  frightened ;  and,  after  crossing 
the  river,  may  have  kept  on  for  twenty  miles 
Avithout  stopping. 

G  4 


1S8  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Our  little  party  now  divided :  the  lieu- 
tenant and  sergeant  making"  a  circuit  in  quest 
of  game,  and  the  Captain  and  myself  taking 
the  direction  of  the  camp.  On  our  way  we 
came  to  a  buffalo  track  more  than  a  year  old. 
It  was  not  wider  than  an  ordinary  footpath, 
and  worn  deep  into  the  soil,  for  these  ani- 
mals follow  each  other  in  single  file.  Shortly 
afterwards  we  met  two  rangers  on  foot, 
hunting.  They  had  wounded  an  elk,  but  he 
had  escaped ;  and  in  pursuing  him  they  had 
found  the  one  shot  by  the  Captain  on  the  pre- 
ceding evening.  They  turned  back  and  con- 
ducted us  to  it.  It  was  a  noble  animal,  as 
large  as  a  yearling  heifer,  and  lay  in  an  open 
part  of  the  forest,  about  a  mile  and  half  distant 
from  the  place  where  it  had  been  shot.  The 
turkey  buzzards  which  we  had  previously 
noticed  were  wheelins"  in  the  air  above  it.  The 
observation  of  the  Captain  seemed  verified. 
The  poor  animal,  as  life  was  ebbing  away, 
had  apparently  abandoned  its  unhurt  com- 
panions, and  turned  aside  to  die  alone. 

The  Captain  and  the  two  rangers  forth- 


THE    ELK    FOUND,  129 

with  fell  to  A^^rk  with  their  hunting  knives, 
to  flay  and  cut  up  the  carcass.  It  was 
already  tainted  on  the  inside  ;  but  ample  col- 
lops  were  cut  from  the  ribs  and  haunches, 
and  laid  in  a  heap  on  the  outstretched  hide. 
Holes  were  then  cut  along  the  border  of  the 
hide,  raw  thongs  were  passed  through  them, 
and  the  whole  drawn  up  like  a  sack,  which 
was  swung  behind  the  Captain's  saddle.  All 
this  while  the  turkey  buzzards  were  soaring 
over  head,  waiting  for  our  departure  to  swoop 
down  and  banquet  on  the  carcass. 

The  wreck  of  the  poor  elk  being  thus 
dismantled,  the  Captain  and  myself  mounted 
our  horses  and  jogged  back  to  the  camp, 
while  the  two  rangers  resumed  their  hunting. 
On  reaching  the  camp,  I  found  there  our 
young  half-breed,  Antoine.  After  separating 
from  Beatte  in  the  search  after  the  stray 
horses  on  the  other  side  of  the  iVrkansas,  he 
had  fallen  upon  a  wrong  track,  which  he  fol- 
lowed for  several  miles,  when  he  overtook  old 
Ryan  and  his  party,  and  found  he  had  been 
following  their  traces.     They  all  forded  the 

G  5 


130  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Arkansas  about  eight  miles  above  our  cross- 
ing place,  and  found  their  way  to  our  late 
encampment  in  the  glen,  where  the  rear- 
guard we  had  left  behind  was  waiting  for 
them.  Antoine,  being  well  mounted,  and 
somewhat  impatient  to  rejoin  us,  had  pushed 
on  alone,  following  our  trail  to  our  present 
encampment,  and  bringing  the  carcass  of  a 
young  bear  which  he  had  killed. 

Our  camp,  during  the  residue  of  the  day, 
presented  a  mingled  picture  of  bustle  and 
repose.  Some  of  the  men  were  busy  round 
the  fires,  jerking  and  roasting'  venison  and 
bear's  meat,  to  be  packed  up  as  a  future  sup- 
ply. Some  were  stretching  and  dressing  the 
skins  of  the  animals  they  had  killed  ;  others 
were  washing  their  clothes  in  the  brook,  and 
hanging  them  on  the  bushes  to  dry ;  while 
many  were  lying  on  the  grass  and  lazily 
gossiping  in  the  shade.  Every  now  and 
then  a  hunter  would  return,  on  horseback  or 
on  foot,  laden  with  game,  or  empty-handed. 
Those  who  brought  home  any  spoil  deposited 
it  at  the  Captain's  fire,  and  then  filed  off  to 


PAWNEE    STORIES.  131 

their  respective  messes,  to  relate  their  day's 
exploits  to  their  companions.  The  game 
killed  at  this  camp  consisted  of  six  deer  or 
elk,  two  bears,  and  six  or  eight  turkeys. 

During  the  last  two  or  three  days,  since 
their  wild  Indian  achievement  in  navigating 
the  river,  our  retainers  had  risen  in  con- 
sequence among  the  rangers ;  and  now  I 
found  Tonish  making  himself  a  complete 
oracle  among  some  of  the  raw  and  inexpe- 
rienced recruits,  who  had  never  been  in  the 
wilderness.  He  had  continually  a  knot  hang- 
ing about  him  and  listening  to  his  extravagant 
tales  about  the  Pawnees,  with  whom  he  pre- 
tended to  have  often  had  fearful  encounters. 
His  representations,  in  fact,  were  calculated 
to  inspire  his  hearers  with  an  awful  idea  of 
the  foe  into  whose  lands  they  were  intruding. 
According  to  his  accounts,  the  rifle  of  the 
white  man  was  no  match  for  the  bow  and 
arrow  of  the  Pawnee.  When  the  rifle  was 
discharged,  it  took  time  and  trouble  to  load 
it  again,  and  in  the  mean  time  the  enemy 
could  keep  on  launching  his  shafts  as  fast 
«  G  6 


132  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

as  he  could  draw  his  bow.  Then  the 
Pawnee,  according  to  Tonish,  could  shoot 
Avith  unerring  aim  three  hundred  yards,  and 
send  his  arrow  clean  through  and  through  a 
buffalo  ;  nay,  he  had  known  a  Pawnee  shaft 
pass  through  one  buffalo  and  wound  another. 
And  then  the  way  the  Pawnees  sheltered 
themselves  from  the  shots  of  their  enemy  :  — 
they  would  hang  with  one  leg  over  the  saddle, 
crouching  their  bodies  along  the  opposite  side 
of  their  horse,  and  would  shoot  their  arrows 
from  under  his  neck  while  at  full  speed. 

If  Tonish  was  to  be  believed,  there  was 
peril  at  every  step  in  these  debatable  grounds 
of  the  Indian  tribes.  Pa\vnees  lurked  unseen 
among  the  thickets  and  ravines.  They  had 
their  scouts  and  sentinels  on  the  summit  of 
the  mounds  that  command  a  view  over  the 
prairies,  where  they  lay  crouched  in  the  tall 
grass,  only  now  and  then  raising  their  heads 
to  watch  the  movements  of  any  war  or  hunt- 
ing party  that  might  be  passing  in  lengthened 
line  below. 

At  night  they  would  lurk  round  an  encamp- 


PAWNEE    STORIES.  133 

ment,  crawling  through  the  grass,  and  imitat- 
ing the  movements  of  a  wolf,  so  as  to  deceive 
the  sentinel  on  the  outposts,  until,  having  ar- 
rived sufficiently  near,  they  would  speed  an 
arrow  through  his  heart,  and  retreat  undis- 
covered. In  telling  his  stories,  Tonish  would 
appeal  from  time  to  time  to  Beatte  for  the 
truth  of  what  he  said :  the  only  reply  would 
be,  a  nod  or  shrug  of  the  shoulders  ;  the 
latter  being  divided  in  mind  between  a  dis- 
taste for  the  gasconading  spirit  of  his  com- 
rade, and  a  sovereign  contempt  for  the 
inexperience  of  the  young  rangers  in  all  what 
he  considered  as  true  knowledge. 


184  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

A     SICK     CAMP. THE     MARCH. THE     DISABLED 

HORSE. OLD    RYAN    AND    THE     STRAGGLERS. 

SYMPTOMS  OF  CHANGE  OF  WEATHER  AND  CHANGE 
OF    HUMOURS. 

Oct.  18. — We  prepared  to  march  at  the  usual 
hour ;  but  word  was  brought  to  tbe  Captain  that 
three  of  the  rangers,  who  had  been  attacked 
with  the  measles,  were  unable  to  proceed,  and 
that  another  was  missing.  The  last  was  an 
old  frontier  man,  by  the  name  of  Sawyer, 
who  had  gained  years  without  experience  ; 
and  having  sallied  forth  to  hunt  on  the  pre- 
ceding day,  had  probably  lost  his  way  on  the 
prairies.  A  guard  of  ten  men  was  there- 
fore left  to  take  care  of  the  sick,  and  wait 
for  the  straggler.  If  the  former  recovered 
sufficiently   in    the    course  of  two  or   three 


THE    SICK    CAMP. THE    MARCH.    135 

days,  they  were  to  rejoin  the  main  body  ; 
otherwise,  to  be  escorted  back  to  the  garrison. 
Taking  our  leave  of  the  sick  camp,  we 
shaped  our  course  westward  along  the  heads 
of  small  streams,  all  wandering,  in  deep 
ravines,  towards  the  Red  Fork.  The  land 
was  high  and  undulating,  or  "  rolling,"  as  it 
is  termed  in  the  West ;  the  soil  poor  and 
hungry,  mingled  with  the  sandstone,  which 
is  universal  in  this  part  of  the  country,  and 
chequered  with  harsh  forests  of  post  oak 
and  black  jack.  In  the  course  of  the  morn- 
ing I  received  a  lesson  on  the  importance  of 
being  chary  of  one's  horse  on  the  prairies. 
I  had  the  weakness  to  be  a  little  proud  of 
the  one  I  rode  :  he  surpassed  in  action  most 
horses  of  the  troop,  and  was  of  great  mettle 
and  a  generous  spirit.  In  crossing  the  deep 
ravines  he  would  scramble  up  the  steep  banks 
like  a  cat,  and  was  always  for  leaping  the 
narrow  runs  of  water.  I  soon  learnt  the 
imprudence  of  indulging  him  in  such  exer- 
tions. In  leaping  him  across  a  small  brook, 
I    felt  him  immediately  falter  beneath  me. 


136  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

He  limped  forward  for  a  short  distance,  but 
soon  fell  stark  lame,  having  strained  his 
shoulder.  What  was  to  be  done  ?  He  could 
not  keep  up  with  the  troop,  and  was  too 
valuable  to  be  abandoned  on  the  prairie. 
The  only  alternative  was,  to  send  him  back 
to  join  the  invalids  in  the  sick  camp,  and  to 
share  their  fortunes.  But  now  a  new  dif- 
ficulty presented  itself;  nobody  seemed  dis- 
posed to  lead  the  horse  back,  although  I 
offered  a  liberal  reward.  Either  the  stories 
of  Tonish  about  the  Pawnees  had  spread  an 
apprehension  of  lurking  foes  and  imminent 
perils  on  the  prairies,  or  there  was  a  fear  of 
missing  the  trail  and  getting  lost.  At  length 
two  young  men  stepped  forward  and  agreed 
to  go  in  company,  so  that,  should  they  be" 
benighted  on  the  prairies,  there  might  be  one 
to  watch  while  the  other  slept. 

The  horse  was  accordingly  consigned  to 
their  care,  and  1  looked  after  him  with  a 
rueful  eye  as  he  limped  off,  for  it  seemed  as 
if,  with  him,  all  strength  and  buoyancy  had 
departed  from  me. 


THE    DISABLED    HORSE.  137 

I  looked  round  for  a  steed  to  supply  its 
place,  and  fixed  my  eye  upon  the  gallant 
grey  which  I  had  transferred  at  the  Agency 
to  Tonish,  The  moment,  however,  that  I 
hinted  about  his  dismounting,  and  taking  up 
with  the  supernumerary  pony,  the  little  varlet 
broke  out  into  vociferous  remonstrances  and 
lamentations,  gasping  and  almost  strangling 
in  his  eagerness  to  give  vent  to  them.  I  saw 
that  to  unhorse  him  would  be  to  prostrate  his 
spirit  and  cut  his  vanity  to  the  quick.  I  had 
not  the  heart  to  inflict  such  a  wound,  or  to 
bring  down  the  poor  devil  from  his  transient 
vain-glory :  so  I  left  him  in  possession  of 
his  gallant  grey,  and  contented  myself  with 
shifting  my  saddle  to  the  jaded  pony. 

I  was  now  sensible  of  the  complete  reverse 
to  which  a  horseman  is  exposed  on  the 
prairies.  I  felt  how  completely  the  spirit  of 
the  rider  depends  upon  his  steed.  I  had 
hitherto  been  able  to  make  excursions  at  will 
from  the  line,  and  to  gallop  in  pursuit  of  any 
object  of  interest  or  curiosity.  I  was  now 
reduced  to  the  tone  of  the  jaded  animal  I 


138  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

bestrode,  and  doomed  to  plod  on  patiently 
and  slowly  after  my  file-leader.  Above  all, 
I  was  made  conscious  how  miwise  it  is,  in 
expeditions  of  the  kind,  where  a  man's  life 
may  depend  upon  the  strength,  and  speed, 
and  freshness  of  his  horse,  to  task  the  gene- 
rous animal  by  any  unnecessary  exertion  of 
his  powers. 

I  have  observed  that  the  wary  and  expe- 
rienced huntsman  and  traveller  of  the  prairies 
is  always  sparing  of  his  horse,  when  on  a 
journey ;  never,  except  in  emergency,  put- 
ting him  off  a  walk.  The  regular  journey- 
ings  of  frontier-men  and  Indians,  when  on 
a  long  march,  seldom  exceed  above  fifteen 
miles  a  day,  and  are  often  about  ten  or 
twelve  ;  and  they  never  indulge  in  capricious 
galloping  or  curvetting.  With  us,  how- 
ever, many  of  the  party  were  young  and  in- 
experienced, and  full  of  excitement  at  finding 
themselves  in  a  country  abounding  with  game. 
It  was  impossible  to  retain  them  in  the  so- 
briety of  a  march,  or  to  keep  them  to  the 
line.     As  we  broke  our  way  through  the 


OLD  RYAN  AND  THE  STRAGGLERS.  139 

coverts  and  ravines,  and  the  deer  started  up 
and  scampered  off  to  the  right  and  left,  the 
rifle  balls  would  whiz  after  them,  and  our 
young  Nimrods  dash  off  in  pursuit.  At  one 
time  they  made  a  grand  burst  after  what 
they  supposed  to  be  a  gang  of  bears,  but 
soon  pulled  up  on  discovering  them  to  be 
black  wolves,  prowling  in  company. 

After  a  march  of  about  twelve  miles,  we 
encamped,  a  little  after  mid-day,  on  the 
borders  of  a  brook  which  loitered  through 
a  deep  ravine.  In  the  course  of  the  after- 
noon *'  Old  Ryan,"  the  Nestor  of  the  camp, 
made  his  appearance,  followed  by  his  little 
band  of  stragglers.  He  was  greeted  with 
joyful  acclamations,  which  showed  the  esti- 
mation in  which  he  was  held  by  his  brother 
woodmen.  The  little  band  came  laden  with 
venison,  a  fine  haunch  of  which  the  veteran 
hunter  laid,  as  a  present,  by  the  Captain's 
fire. 

Our  men,  Beatte  and  Tonish,  both  sallied 
forth  early  in  the  afternoon  to  hunt :  towards 
evening  the    former    returned  with    a   fine 


140  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

buck  across  his  horse.  He  laid  it  do^vn,  as 
usual,  in  silence,  and  proceeded  to  unsaddle 
and  turn  his  horse  loose.  Tonish  came  back 
without  any  game,  but  with  much  more 
glory,  having  made  several  capital  shots, 
though  unluckily  the  wounded  deer  had  all 
escaped  him. 

There  was  an  abundant  supply  of  meat  in 
the  camp ;  for,  beside  other  game,  three  elk 
had  been  killed.  The  wary  and  veteran 
woodmen  were  all  busy  jerking  meat  against 
a  time  of  scarcity :  the  less  experienced 
revelled  in  present  abundance,  leaving  the 
morrow  to  provide  for  itself. 

On  the  following  morning  (Oct.  19.)  I 
succeeded  in  changing  my  pony  and  a 
reasonable  sum  of  money  for  a  strong  and 
active  horse.  It  was  a  great  satisfaction 
to  find  mself,  once  more,  tolerably  well 
mounted.  I  perceived,  however,  that  there 
would  be  little  difficulty  in  making  a  se- 
lection from  among  the  troop,  for  the 
rangers  had  all  that  propensity  for  "  swap- 
ping," or,  as  they  term  it,   "  trading,"  which 


CHANGE    OF    WEATHER.  141 

pervades  the  West.  In  the  course  of  our 
expedition,  there  was  scarce  a  horse,  rifle, 
powder  horn,  or  blanket,  that  did  not  change 
owners  several  times ;  and  one  keen  "  trader" 
boasted  of  having,  by  dint  of  frequent  bar- 
gains, changed  a  bad  horse  into  a  good  one, 
and  put  a  hundred  dollars  in  his  pocket. 

The   morning   was    lowering  and   sultry, 
with  low  mutterings  of  distant  thunder.     The 
change   of  weather   had  its   effect  upon  the 
spirits    of   the   troop.      The    camp  was  un- 
usually sober  and  quiet ;   there  was  none  of 
the  accustomed  farmyard  melody  of  crowing 
and  cackling  at  day-break,  none  of  the  bursts 
of  merriment,  the  loud  jokes  and  banterings, 
that    had    commonly    prevailed    during    the 
bustle  of  equipment.     Now  and  then  might 
be  heard  a  short  strain  of  a  song,  a  faint 
laugh,  or  a  solitary  whistle  ;   but,  in  general, 
every  one  went  silently  and  doggedly  about 
the  duties  of  the  camp,  or  the  preparations 
for  departure. 

When    the    time    arrived    to    saddle    and 
mount,  five  horses  were  reported  as  missing, 


142  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

although  all  the  woods  and  thickets  had  been 
beaten  up  for  some  distance  round  the  camp. 
Several  rangers  were  despatched  to  skirr  the 
country   round  in  quest  of  them.       In   the 
mean  time  the  thunder  continued  to  growl, 
and  we  had  a  passing  shower.     The  horses, 
like  their  riders,  were  affected  by  the  change 
of   weather.      They    stood   here    and    there 
about  the  camp,  some  saddled  and  bridled, 
others  loose,  but   all  spiritless  and   dozing, 
with    stooping    head,    one    hind    leg  partly 
drawn  up  so  as  to  rest  on  the  point  of  the 
hoof,  and  the  whole  hide  reeking  with  the 
rain   and    sending    up    wreaths    of  vapour. 
The  men,  too,  waited,  in  listless  groups,  the 
return  of  their  comrades  who  had  gone  in 
quest  of  the  horses,  now  and  then  turning 
up  an   anxious  eye  to   the    drifting  clouds, 
which  boded  an  approaching  storm.    Gloomy 
weather   inspires   gloomy  thoughts.      Some 
expressed  fears   that  we    were    dogged    by 
some  party  of  Indians,  who  had  stolen  the 
horses   in  the   night.     The    most  prevalent 
apprehension,  however,  was,  that  they  had 


HORSES    LOST.  143 

returned  on  their  traces  to  our  last  encamp- 
ment, or  had  started  off  in  a  direct  Hue  for 
Fort  Gibson.  In  this  respect  the  instinct  of 
horses  is  said  to  resemble  that  of  the  pigeon. 
They  will  strike  for  home  by  a  direct  course, 
passing  through  tracts  of  wilderness  which 
they  have  never  before  traversed. 

After  delaying  until  the  morning  was 
somewhat  advanced,  a  lieutenant  with  a 
guard  was  appointed  to  await  the  return  of 
the  rangers,  and  we  set  off  on  our  day's 
journey,  considerably  reduced  in  numbers, 
much,  as  I  thought,  to  the  discomposure  of 
the  hectoring  little  Tonish,  who  intimated 
that  we  might  prove  too  weak-handed  in 
case  of  an  encounter  with  the  Pawnees. 


144  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XVII. 

THUNDER    STORM    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. THE    STORM 

ENCAMPMENT. NIGHT  SCENE. INDIAN  STORIES. 

A    FRIGHTENED    HORSE. 

Our  march,  for  a  part  of  the  day,  lay  a  little 
to  the  south  of  west,  through  straggling 
forests  of  low  scrubbed  trees  called  *'  post 
oaks"  and  *'  black  jacks."  The  soil  of 
these  **oak  barrens"  is  loose  and  unsound, 
being  little  better,  at  times,  than  a  mere 
quicksand,  in  which,  in  rainy  weather,  the 
horse's  hoof  slips  from  side  to  side,  and  now 
and  then  sinks  in  a  rotten  spongy  turf  to  the 
fetlock.  Such  was  the  case  at  present,  in 
consequence  of  successive  thunder  showers, 
through  which  we  dragged  along  in  dogged 
silence.  Several  deer  were  roused  by  our 
approach,    and    scudded    across    the    forest 


THUNDER    STORM.  145 

glades ;  but  no  one,  as  formerly,  broke  the 
line  of  march  to  pursue  them.  At  one  time 
we  passed  the  bones  and  horns  of  a  buffalo, 
and  at  another  time,  a  buffalo  track,  not  above 
three  days  old.  These  signs  of  the  vicinity 
of  this  grand  game  of  the  prairies  had  a  re- 
viving effect  on  the  spirits  of  our  huntsmen, 
but  it  was  of  transient  duration. 

In  crossing  a  prairie  of  moderate  extent, 
rendered  little  better  than  a  slippery  bog  by 
the  recent  showers,  we  were  overtaken  by  a 
violent  thunder-gust.  The  rain  came  rattling 
upon  us  in  torrents,  and  spattered  up  like 
steam  along  the  ground  :  the  whole  land- 
scape was  suddenly  wrapped  in  gloom,  that 
gave  a  vivid  effect  to  the  intense  sheets  of 
lightning,  while  the  thunder  seemed  to  burst 
over  our  very  heads,  and  was  reverberated 
by  the  groves  and  forests  that  chequered  and 
skirted  the  prairie.  Man  and  beast  were  so 
pelted,  drenched,  and  confounded,  that  the 
line  was  thrown  into  complete  confusion  : 
some  of  the  horses  were  so  frightened  as  to 
be  almost  unmanageable,  and  our  scattered 

H 


146  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

cavalcade  looked  like  a  tempest-tost  fleet, 
driven  hither  and  thither,  at  the  mercy  of 
wind  and  wave. 

At  length,  at  half-past  two  o'clock,  we 
came  to  a  halt,  and,  gathering  together  our 
forces,  encamped  in  an  open  and  lofty  grove, 
with  a  prairie  on  one  side  and  a  stream  on 
the  other.  The  forest  immediately  rang  with 
the  sound  of  the  axe,  and  the  crash  of  falling 
trees.  Huge  fires  were  soon  blazing ;  blan- 
kets were  stretched  before  them  by  way  of 
tents  ;  booths  were  hastily  reared  of  bark  and 
skin  ;  every  fire  had  its  group  drawn  close 
round  it,  drying  and  warming  themselves,  or 
preparing  a  comforting  meal.  Some  of  the 
rangers  were  discharging  and  cleaning  their 
rifles,  which  had  been  exposed  to  the  rain, 
while  the  horses,  relieved  from  their  saddles 
and  burdens,  rolled  in  the  wet  grass. 

The  showers  continued  from  time  to  time, 
until  late  in  the  evening.  Before  dark  our 
horses  were  gathered  in  and  tethered  about 
the  skirts  of  the  camp,  within  the  outposts, 
through  fear  of    Indian  prowlers,  who  are 


NIGHT    SCENE.  147 

apt  to  take  advantage  of  stormy  nights  for 
their  depredations  and  assaults.  As  the 
night  thickened  the  huge  fires  became  more 
and  more  luminous,  hghting  up  masses  of  the 
overhanging  fohage,  and  leaving  other  parts 
of  the  grove  in  deep  gloom.  Every  fire  had 
its  goblin  group  around  it;  while  the  tethered 
horses  were  dimly  seen,  like  spectres,  among 
the  thickets,  excepting  that  here  and  there  a 
grey  one  stood  out  in  bright  relief. 

The  grove,  thus  fitfully  lighted  up  by  the 
ruddy  glare  of  the  fires,  resembled  a  vast 
leafy  dome,  walled  in  by  opaque  darkness  : 
but  every  now  and  then  two  or  three  quiver- 
ing flashes  of  lightning,  in  quick  succession, 
would  suddenly  reveal  a  vast  champaign 
country,  where  fields,  and  forests,  and  run- 
ning streams,  would  start,  as  it  were,  into 
existence  for  a  few  brief  seconds,  and,  before 
the  eye  could  ascertain  them,  vanish  again 
into  gloom. 

A  thunder-storm  on  a  prairie,  as  upon  the 
ocean,  derives  grandeur  and  sublimity  from 
the  wild  and  boundless  waste  over  which  it 

H  2 


148  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

rages  and  bellows.  It  is  not  surprising  that 
these  awful  phenomena  of  nature  should  be 
objects  of  superstitious  reverence  to  the  poor 
savages,  and  that  they  should  consider  the 
thunder  the  angry  voice  of  the  Great  Spirit. 
As  our  half-breeds  sat  gossiping  round  the 
fire,  I  drew  from  them  some  of  the  notions 
entertained  on  the  subject  by  their  Indian 
friends.  The  latter  declare  that  extinguished 
thunderbolts  are  sometimes  picked  up  by 
hunters  on  the  prairies,  who  use  them  for  the 
heads  of  arrows  and  lances  ;  and  that  any 
warrior  thus  armed  is  invincible.  Should  a 
thunder-storm  occur,  however,  during  battle, 
he  is  liable  to  be  carried  away  by  the  thunder, 
and  never  heard  of  more. 

A  warrior  of  the  Konza  tribe,  hunting  on 
a  prairie,  was  overtaken  by  a  storm,  and 
struck  down  senseless  by  the  thunder.  On 
recovering,  he  beheld  the  thunder  bolt  lying 
on  the  ground,  and  a  horse  standing  beside 
it..  Snatching  up  the  bolt  he  sprang  upon 
the  horse ;  but  found,  too  late,  that  he  had 
bestrode   the   lightning.     In   an   instant   he 


INBIAN    STORIES.  149 

was  whisked  away  over  prairies,  and  forests, 
and  streams,  and  deserts,  until  he  was  flung 
senseless  at  the  foot  of  the  Rocky  Mountains, 
from  whence,  on  recovering,  it  took  him 
several  months  to  return  to  his  own  people. 
This  story  reminded  me  of  an  Indian  tra- 
dition, related  by  a  traveller,  of  the  fate  of  a 
warrior,  who  saw  the  thunder  lying  upon 
the  ground,  ^vith  a  beautifully  wrought  moc- 
casin on  each  side  of  it.  Thinking  he  had 
found  a  prize,  he  put  on  the  moccasins,  but 
they  bore  him  away  to  the  land  of  spirits, 
from  whence  he  never  returned. 

These  are  simple  and  artless  tales  ;  but 
they  had  a  wild  and  romantic  interest,  heard 
from  the  lips  of  half  savage  narrators,  round 
a  hunter's  fire,  in  a  stormy  night,  with  a 
forest  on  one  side  and  a  howling  waste  on 
the  other,  and  where,  peradventure,  savage 
foes  might  be  lurking  in  the  outer  darkness. 

Our  conversation  was  interrupted  by  a 
loud  clap  of  thunder,  followed  immediately 
by  the  sound  of  a  horse  galloping  off  madly 
into  the  waste.     Every  one  listened  in  mute 

H  3 


150  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

silence.  The  hoofs  resounded  vigorously  for 
a  time,  but  grew  fainter  and  fainter  until 
they  died  away  in  remote  distance. 

When    the   sound   was   no  longer   to  be 
heard,    the    listeners    turned    to    conjecture 
what  could  have  caused  this  sudden  scamper. 
Some  thought  the  horse   had  been  startled 
by  the  thunder,  others  that  some  lurking  In- 
dian had  mounted  and  galloped  off  with  him. 
To  this  it  was  objected,  that  the  usual  mode 
with  the  Indians  is  to  steal  quietly  upon  the 
horse,  take  off  his  fetters,  mount  him  gently, 
and  walk    him   off  as   silently   as   possible, 
leading  off  others,  without  any  unusual  stir 
or  noise  to  disturb  the  camp.      On  the  other 
hand,  it  was  stated  as   a  common  practice 
with  the  Indians  to  creep  among  a  troop  of 
horses  when   grazing  at  night,   mount   one 
quietly,  and  then  start  off  suddenly  like  mad. 
Nothing  is  so  contagious  among  horses  as  a 
panic  :   one  sudden  break-away  of  this  kind 
will  sometimes  alarm  the  whole  troop,  and 
they  will    set    off,    helter-skelter,    after    the 
leader. 


A    FRIGHTENED    HORSE.  151 

Every  one  who  had  a  horse  grazing  on 
the  skirts  of  the  camp  was  uneasy  lest  his 
should  be  the  fugitive,  but  it  was  impossible 
to  ascertain  the  fact  until  morning.  Those 
who  had  tethered  their  horses  felt  more  se- 
cure, though  horses  thus  tied  up,  and  limited 
to  a  short  range  at  night,  are  apt  to  fall  oft 
in  flesh  and  strength  during  a  long  march ; 
and  many  of  the  horses  of  the  troop  already 
gave  signs  of  being  way-worn. 

After  a  gloomy  and  unruly  night,  the 
morning  dawned  bright  and  clear,  and  a 
glorious  sunrise  transformed  the  whole  land- 
scape as  if  by  magic.  The  late  dreary  wil- 
derness brightened  into  a  fine  open  country, 
with  stately  groves  and  clumps  of  oaks  of  a 
gigantic  size,  some  of  which  stood  singly, 
as  if  planted  for  ornament  and  shade  in  the 
midst  of  rich  meadows  ;  while  our  horses, 
scattered  about  and  grazing  under  them, 
gave  to  the  whole  the  air  of  noble  parks.  It 
was  difficult  to  realise  the  fact  that  we  were 
so  far  in  the  wilds  beyond  the  residence  of 
man.    Our  encampment  alone  had  a  savage 

H  4 


15^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

appearance,  with  its  rude  tents  of  skins  and 
blankets,  and  its  columns  of  blue  smoke 
rising  among  the  trees. 

The  first  care  in  the  morning  was  to  look 
after  our  horses.  Some  of  them  had  wan- 
dered to  a  distance,  but  all  were  fortunately 
found  ;  even  the  one  whose  clattering  hoofs 
had  caused  such  uneasiness  in  the  night. 
He  had  come  to  a  halt  about  a  mile  from  the 
camp,  and  was  found  quietly  grazing  near  a 
brook. 

The  bugle  sounded  for  departure  about 
half-past  eight.  As  we  were  in  greater 
risk  of  Indian  molestation  the  farther  we  ad- 
vanced, our  line  was  formed  with  more  pre- 
cision than  heretofore.  Every  one  had  his 
station  assigned  him,  and  was  forbidden  to 
leave  it  in  pursuit  of  game  without  special 
permission.  The  pack-horses  were  placed 
in  the  centre  of  the  line,  and  a  strong  guard 
in  the  rear. 


153 


CHAPTER  XVIII. 

A  GRAND  PRAIRIE. CLIFF  CASTLE. BUFFALO 

TRACKS.  —  DEER  HUNTED  BY  WOLVES. CROSS 

TIMBER. 

After  a  toilsome  march  of  some  distance 
through  a  comitry  cut  up   by  ravines   and 
brooks,     and    entangled    by    thickets,     we 
emerged  upon  a  grand  prairie.      Here  one 
of  the  characteristic  scenes  of  the  **  far  West" 
broke    upon   us  :  —  an   immense   extent   of 
grassy,   undulating,    or,    as    it    is    termed, 
*<  rolling,"  country,   with  here  and  there  a 
clump  of  trees  dimly   seen  in  the  distance 
like  a  ship  at  sea,  the  landscape  deriving 
sublimity  from  its  vastness  and   simplicity. 
To  the  south-west,  on  the  summit  of  a  hill, 
was  a  singular  crest  of  broken  rocks,   re- 
sembling a  ruined  fortress.       It  reminded 

H  5 


154  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

me  of  the  ruin  of  some  Moorish  castle 
crowning  a  height  in  the  midst  of  a  lonely- 
Spanish  landscape.  To  this  hill  we  gave 
the  name  of  Cliff  Castle. 

The  prairies  of  these  great  hunting  regions 
differed  in  the  character  of  their  vegetation 
from  those  through  which  I  had  hitherto 
passed.  Instead  of  a  profusion  of  tall  flower- 
ing plants,  and  long  flaunting  grasses,  they 
were  covered  with  a  shorter  growth  of  herb- 
age called  buffalo  grass,  somewhat  coarse, 
but,  at  the  proper  seasons,  affording  excel- 
lent and  abundant  pasturage.  At  present  it 
was  grooving  wiry,  and  in  many  places  was 
too  much  parched  for  grazing. 

The  weather  was  verging  into  that  serene, 
but  somewhat  arid,  season,  called  the  Indian 
summer.  There  was  a  smoky  haze  in  the 
atmosphere  that  tempered  the  brightness  of 
the  sunshine  into  a  golden  tint,  softening 
the  features  of  the  landscape,  and  giving  a 
vagueness  to  the  outlines  of  distant  objects. 
This  haziness  was  daily  increasing,  and  was 


BUFFALO    TRACKS.  155 

attributed  to  the  burning  of  distant  prairies 
by  the  Indian  hunting-parties. 

We  had  not  gone  far  upon  the  prairie, 
before  we  came  to  where  deeply  worn  foot- 
paths were  seen  traversing  the  country. 
Sometimes  two  or  three  would  keep  parallel 
to  each  other,  and  but  a  few  paces  apart. 
These  were  pronounced  to  be  traces  of  buf- 
faloes, where  large  droves  had  passed.  There 
were  tracks,  also,  of  horses,  which  were  ob- 
served with  some  attention  by  our  expe- 
rienced hunters.  They  could  not  be  tracks 
of  wild  horses,  as  there  were  no  prints  of 
the  hoofs  of  colts  ;  all  were  full-grown.  As 
the  liorses  evidently  were  not  shod,  it  was 
concluded  they  must  belong  to  some  hunt- 
ing-party of  Pawnees.  In  the  course  of  the 
morning,  the  tracks  of  a  single  horse,  with 
shoes,  were  discovered.  This  might  be  the 
horse  of  a  Cherokee  hunter,  or,  perhaps,  a 
horse  stolen  from  the  whites  of  the  frontier. 
Thus,  in  traversing  these  perilous  wastes, 
every  foot-print  and  dint  of  hoof  becomes 
matter  of  cautious    inspection   and  shrewd 

H  6 


156  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

surmise ;  and  the  question  continually  is, 
whether  it  be  the  trace  of  friend  or  foe  ? 
whether  of  recent  or  ancient  date  ?  and  whe- 
ther the  being  that  made  it  be  out  of  reach, 
or  liable  to  be  encountered  ? 

We  were  getting  more  and  more  into  the 
game  country.  As  we  proceeded,  we  re- 
peatedly saw  deer  to  the  right  and  left 
bounding  off  for  the  coverts  ;  but  these  ap- 
pearances no  longer  excited  the  same  eager- 
ness to  pursue.  In  passing  along  a  slope  of 
the  prairie,  between  two  rolling  swells  of 
land,  we  came  in  sight  of  a  genuine  natural 
hunting -match.  A  pack  of  seven  black 
wolves,  and  one  white  one,  were  in  full 
chase  of  a  buck,  which  they  had  nearly  tired 
down.  They  crossed  the  line  of  our  march 
without  apparently  perceiving  us.  We  saw 
them  have  a  fair  run  of  nearly  a  mile,  gain- 
ing upon  the  buck  until  they  were  leaping 
upon  his  haunches,  when  he  plunged  down 
a  ravine.  Some  of  our  party  galloped  on 
rising  ground  commanding  a  view  of  the 
ravine.     The  poor  buck  was  completely  be- 


DEER   HUNTED    BY    WOLVES.         157 

set — some  on  his  flanks,  some  at  his  throat. 
He  made  two  or  three  struggles  and  des- 
perate bounds,  but  was  dragged  down,  over- 
powered, and  torn  to  pieces.  The  black 
wolves,  in  their  ravenous  hunger  and  fury, 
took  no  notice  of  the  distant  group  of  horse- 
men ;  but  the  white  wolf,  apparently  less 
game,  abandoned  the  prey,  and  scampered 
over  hill  and  dale,  rousing  various  deer  that 
were  couched  in  the  hollows,  and  which 
bounded  off  likewise  in  different  directions. 
It  was  altogether  a  wild  scene,  worthy  of 
the  **  hunting-ground." 

We  now  came  once  more  in  sight  of  the 
Red  Fork,  winding  its  turbid  course  between 
well- wooded  hills,  and  through  a  vast  and 
magnificent  landscape.  The  prairies  border- 
ing on  the  rivers  are  always  varied  in  this 
way  with  woodlands,  so  beautifully  inter- 
spersed as  to  appear  to  have  been  laid  out  by 
the  hand  of  taste  ;  and  they  only  want,  here 
and  there,  a  village  spire,  the  battlements  of 
a  castle,  or  the  turrets  of  an  old  family  man- 


158  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

sion  rising  from  among  the  trees,  to  rival  the 
most  ornamental  scenery  of  Europe. 

About  mid-day  we  reached  the  edge  of 
that  scattered  belt  of  forest  land,  about  forty 
miles  in  width,  which  stretches  across  the 
country  from  north  to  south,  from  the  Ar- 
kansas to  the  Red  River,  separating  the 
upper  from  the  lower  prairies,  and  commonly 
called  the  **  Cross  Timber."  On  the  skirt 
of  this  forest  land,  just  on  the  edge  of  a 
prairie,  we  found  traces  of  a  Pawnee  en- 
campment of  between  one  and  two  hundred 
lodges,  showing  that  the  party  must  have 
been  numerous.  The  skull  of  a  buffalo  lay 
near  the  camp,  and  the  moss  which  had 
gathered  on  it  showed  that  the  encampment 
was  at  least  a  year  old.  About  half  a  mile 
off,  we  encamped  in  a  beautiful  grove, 
watered  by  a  fine  spring  and  rivulet.  Our 
day's  journey  had  been  about  fourteen  miles. 

In  the  course  of  the  afternoon  we  were 
rejoined  by  two  of  Lieutenant  King's  party, 
which  we  had  left  behind  a  few  days  before 
to  look  after  stray  horses.     All  the  horses 


CROSS    TIMBER.  159 

had  been  found,  though  some  had  wandered 
to  the  distance  of  several  miles.  The  Lieu- 
tenant, with  seventeen  of  his  companions, 
had  remained  at  our  last  night's  encampment 
to  hunt,  having  come  upon  recent  traces  of 
buffalo.  They  had  also  seen  a  fine  wild 
horse,  which,  however,  had  galloped  off  with 
a  speed  that  defied  pursuit. 

Confident  anticipations  were  now  indulged 
that  on  the  following  day  we  should  meet 
with  buffalo,  and  perhaps  with  wild  horses ; 
and  every  one  was  in  spirits.  We  needed 
some  excitement  of  the  kind  ;  for  our  young 
men  were  growing  weary  of  marching  and 
encamping  under  restraint,  and  provisions 
this  day  were  scanty.  The  Captain  and 
several  of  the  rangers  went  out  hunting  ;  but 
brought  home  nothing  but  a  small  deer  and 
a  few  turkeys.  Our  two  men,  Beatte  and 
Tonish,  likewise  went  out.  The  former  re- 
turned with  a  deer  athwart  his  horse,  which 
as  usual  he  laid  down  by  our  lodge,  and  said 
nothing :  Tonish  returned  with  no  game,  but 
with  his  customary  budget  of  wonderful  tales. 


160  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Both  he  and  the  deer  had  done  marvels. 
Not  one  had  come  within  the  level  of  his 
rifle  without  being  hit  in  a  mortal  part ;  yet, 
strange  to  stay,  every  one  had  kept  on  his 
Avay  without  flinching.  We  all  determined, 
that  from  the  wonderful  accuracy  of  his  aim, 
Tonish  must  have  shot  with  charmed  balls, 
but  that  every  deer  had  a  charmed  life.  The 
most  important  intelligence  brought  by  him, 
however,  was,  that  he  had  seen  tracks  of 
several  wild  horses.  He  now  considered 
himself  upon  the  eve  of  great  exploits ;  for 
there  was  nothing  upon  which  he  glorified 
himself  more  than  his  skill  in  horse-catching. 


]6l 


CHAPTER  XIX. 


hunters'   anticipations. THE   RUGGED    FORD. 

A    WILD    HORSE. 


Oct.  21. — This  morning  the  camp  wa^  in  a 
bustle  at  an  early  hour :  the  expectation  of 
falling  in  with  buffalo  in  the  course  of  the 
day  roused  every  one's  spirit.  Tliere  was 
a  continual  cracking  off  of  rifles,  that  they 
might  be  reloaded ;  the  shot  was  drawn  off 
from  the  double-barrelled  guns,  and  balls 
were  substituted.  Tonish,  however,  prepared 
chiefly  for  a  campaign  against  wild  horses. 

He  took  the  field  with  a  coil  of  cordage 
hung  at  his  saddle-bow,  and  a  couple  of  white 
wands,  something  like  fishing-rods,  eight  or 
ten  feet  in  length,  with  forked  ends.  The 
lariat,  or  coil  of  cordage,  thus  used  in  hunt- 
ing the  wild  horse,  answers  to  the  lasso  of 


l62  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

South  America.  It  is  not  flung,  however, 
in  the  graceful  and  dexterous  Spanish  style. 
The  hunter,  after  a  hard  chase,  when  he  suc- 
ceeds in  getting  almost  head  and  head  with 
the  wild  horse,  hitches  the  running  noose  of 
the  lariat  over  his  head  by  means  of  the 
forked  stick  ;  then,  letting  him  have  the  full 
length  of  the  cord,  plays  him  like  a  fish,  and 
chokes  him  into  subjection. 

All  this  Tonish  promised  to  exemplify  to 
our  full  satisfaction.  We  had  not  much  con- 
fidence in  his  success,  and  feared  he  might 
knock  up  a  good  horse  for  us,  in  a  headlong 
gallop  after  a  bad  one ;  for,  like  all  the 
French  Creoles,  he  was  a  merciless  hard 
rider.  It  was  determined,  therefore,  to  keep 
a  sharp  eye  upon  him,  and  check  his  sallying 
propensities. 

We  had  not  proceeded  far  on  our  morning's 
march,  when  we  were  checked  by  a  deep 
stream,  running  along  the  bottom  of  a  thickly 
wooded  ravine.  After  coasting  it  for  a 
couple  of  miles,  we  came  to  a  fording  place  : 
but  to  get  down  to  it  was  the  difficulty ;  for 


THE    RUGGED    FORD.  l63 

the  banks  were  steep  and  crumbling,  and 
overgrown  with  forest-trees,  mingled  with 
thickets,  brambles,  and  grape  vines.  At 
length  the  leading  horseman  broke  his  way- 
through  the  thicket ;  and  his  horse,  putting 
his  feet  together,  slid  down  the  black  crumb- 
ling bank,  to  the  narrow  margin  of  the 
stream  ;  then  floundering  across,  with  mud 
and  water  up  to  the  saddle  girths,  he  scrambled 
up  the  opposite  bank,  and  arrived  safe  on 
level  ground. 

The  whole  line  followed  pell-mell  after  the 
leader,  and  pushing  forward  in  close  order, 
Indian  file,  they  crowded  each  other  down 
the  bank,  and  into  the  stream.  Some  of 
the  horsemen  missed  the  ford,  and  were 
soused  over  head  and  ears  :  one  was  un- 
horsed, and  plumped,  head  foremost,  into 
the  middle  of  the  stream.  For  my  own  part, 
while  pressed  forward  and  hurried  down  the 
bank  by  those  behind  me,  I  was  interrupted 
by  a  grape  vine  as  thick  as  a  cable,  which 
hung  in  a  festoon  as  low  as  the  saddle-bow, 
and,   dragging   me  from   the  saddle,  threw 


164  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

me  among  the  feet  of  the  trampling  horses. 
Fortunately,  I  escaped  without  injury,  re- 
gained my  steed,  crossed  the  stream  without 
further  difficulty,  and  was  enabled  to  join  in 
the  merriment  occasioned  by  the  ludicrous 
disasters  of  the  fording. 

It  is  at  passes  like  this  that  occur  the 
most  dangerous  ambuscades  and  sanguinary 
surprises  of  Indian  warfare.  A  party  of 
savages,  well  placed  among  the  thickets, 
might  have  made  sad  havoc  among  our  men, 
while  entangled  in  the  ravine. 

We  now  came  out  upon  a  vast  and  glori- 
ous prairie,  spreading  out  beneath  the  golden 
beams  of  an  autumnal  sun.  The  deep  and 
frequent  traces  of  buffalo  showed  it  to  be  one 
of  their  favourite  grazing  grounds  ;  yet  none 
were  to  be  seen.  In  the  course  of  the  morn- 
ing we  were  overtaken  by  the  Lieutenant  and 
seventeen  men,  who  had  remained  behind, 
and  who  came  laden  with  the  spoils  of 
buffaloes,  having  killed  three  on  the  preceding 
day.  One  of  the  rangers,  however,  had 
little  luck  to  boast  of,  his  horse  having  taken 


A    WILD    HORSE.  165 

fright  at  sight  of  the  buffaloes,  thrown  his 
rider,  and  escaped  into  the  woods. 

The  excitement  of  our  hunters,  both 
young  and  okl,  now  rose  ahnost  to  fever 
height,  scarce  any  of  them  having  ever  en- 
countered any  of  this  far-famed  game  of  the 
prairies.  Accordingly,  when,  in  the  course 
of  the  day,  the  cry  of  **  Buffalo!  buffalo  !" 
arose  from  one  part  of  the  line,  the  whole 
troop  were  thrown  into  agitation.  We  were 
just  then  passing  through  a  beautiful  part  of 
the  prairie,  finely  diversified  by  hills,  and 
slopes,  and  woody  dells,  and  high  stately 
groves.  Those  who  had  given  the  alarm 
pointed  out  a  large  black-looking  -animal, 
slowly  moving  along  the  side  of  a  rising 
ground,  about  two  miles  off. 

The  ever-ready  Tonish  jumped  up  and 
stood  with  his  feet  on  the  saddle,  and  his 
forked  sticks  in  his  hands,  like  a  posture- 
master,  or  a  scaramouch  at  a  circus,  just 
ready  for  a  feat  of  horsemanship.  After 
gazing  at  the  animal  for  a  moment,  which 
he  could  have  seen  full  as  well  without  rising 


166  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

from  his  stirrups,  he  pronounced  it  a  wild 
horse  ;  and,  dropping  again  into  his  saddle, 
was  about  to  dash  off,  full  tilt,  in  pursuit, 
when,  to  his  inexpressible  chagrin,  he  was 
called  back,  and  ordered  to  keep  to  his  post, 
in  rear  of  the  baggage-horses. 

The  Captain  and  two  of  his  officers  now 
set  off  to  reconnoitre  the  game.  It  was  the 
intention  of  the  Captain,  who  is  an  admirable 
marksman,  to  endeavour  to  crease  the  horse; 
that  is  to  say,  to  hit  him  with  a  rifle-ball  in 
the  ridge  of  the  neck.  A  wound  of  this 
kind  paralyses  a  horse  for  a  moment :  he  falls 
to  the  ground,  and  may  be  secured  before  he 
recovers.  It  is  a  cruel  expedient,  however  ; 
for  an  ill-directed  shot  may  kill  or  maim  the 
noble  animal. 

As  the  Captain  and  his  companion  moved 
off,  laterally  and  slowly,  in  the  direction  of 
the  horse,  we  continued  our  course  forward ; 
watching  intently,  however,  the  movements 
of  the  game.  The  horse  moved  quietly  over 
the  profile  of  the  rising  ground,  and  disap- 
peared   behind    it.       The    Captain    and   his 


A    WILD    HORSE.  iGj 

party  were  likewise  soon  hidden  by  an  inter- 
vening hill. 

After  a  time,  the  horse  suddenly  made  his 
appearance  to  our  right,  just  a-head  of  the 
line,   emerging  out  of  a  small  valley  on  a 
brisk  trot,  having  evidently  taken  the  alarm. 
At  sight  of  us  he  stopped  short,   gazed  at  us 
for  an  instant  with  surprise,  then,  tossing  up 
his  head,  trotted  off  in  fine  style,  glancing 
at  us  first  over  one  shoulder,  then  over  the 
other,  his  ample    mane   and  tail   streaming 
in  the  wind.    Having  dashed  through  a  skirt 
of  thicket  that  looked  like  a  hedge-row,  he 
paused   in   the   open    field    beyond,    glanced 
back  at  us  again  with  a  beautiful  bend  of  the 
neck,   snuffed  the  air,  and  then,  tossing  his 
head  again,  broke  into   a   gallop,  and  took 
refuge  in  a  wood. 

It  was  the  first  time  I  had  ever  seen  a 
horse  scouring  his  native  wilderness  in  all 
the  pride  and  freedom  of  his  nature.  How 
different  from  the  poor,  mutilated,  harnessed, 
checked,  reined-up  victim  of  luxury,  caprice, 
and  avarice,  in  our  cities ! 


168  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

After  travelling  about  fifteen  miles,  we  en- 
camped about  one  o'clock,  that  our  hunters 
might  have  time  to  procure  a  supply  of  pro- 
visions. Our  encampment  was  in  a  spa- 
cious grove  of  lofty  oaks  and  walnuts,  free 
from  underwood,  on  the  border  of  a  brook. 
While  unloading  the  pack-horses,  our  little 
Frenchman  was  loud  in  his  complaints  at 
having  been  prevented  from  pursuing  the 
wild  horse,  which  he  would  certainly  have 
taken.  In  the  mean  time  I  saw  our  half- 
breed  Beatte  quietly  saddle  his  best  horse,  a 
powerful  steed  of  a  half-savage  race,  hang  a 
lariat  at  the  saddle-bow,  take  rifle  and  forked 
stick  in  hand,  and,  mounting,  depart  from 
the  camp,  without  saying  a  word.  It  was 
evident  he  was  going  off  in  quest  of  the  wild 
horse,  but  was  disposed  to  hunt  alone. 


169 


CHAPTER  XX. 


THE    CAMP    OF    THE   WILD    HORSE. 


hunters'  stories. HABITS  OF  THE  WILD  HORSE. 

—  THE    HALF-BREED  AND  HIS    PRIZE.  —  A    HORSE 
CHASE. A    WILD    SPIRIT    TAMED. 


We  had  encamped  in  a  good  neighbourhood 
for  game,  as  the  reports  of  rifles  in  various 
directions  speedily  gave  notice.  One  of  our 
hunters  soon  returned  with  the  meat  of  a 
doe  tied  up  in  the  skin  and  sking  across  his 
shoulders.  Another  brought  a  fat  buck 
across  his  horse.  Two  other  deer  were 
brought  in,  and  a  number  of  turkeys.  All 
the  game  was  throwTi  down  in  front  of  the 
Captain's  fire,  to  be  portioned  out  among  the 
various  messes.  The  spits  and  camp-kettles 
were  soon  in  full  employ,  and  throughout  the 

I 


170  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

evenino-  there  was  a  scene  of  hunters'  feast- 
ing  and  profusion. 

We  had  been  disappointed  this  day  in  our 
hopes  of  meeting  with  buffalo  ;  but  the  sight 
of  the  wild  horse  had  been  a  great  novelty, 
and  gave  a  turn  to  the  conversation  of  the 
camp  for  the  evening.  There  were  several 
anecdotes  told  of  a  famous  grey  horse  that 
has  ranged  the  prairies  of  this  neighbourhood 
for  six  or  seven  years,  setting  at  nought  any 
attempt  of  the  hunters  to  capture  him.  They 
say  he  can  pace  and  rack  (or  amble)  faster  than 
the  fleetest  horses  can  run.  Equally  marvel- 
lous accounts  were  given  of  a  black  horse  on 
the  Brasis,  who  grazed  the  prairies  on  that 
river's  banks  in  the  Texas.  For  years  he 
outstripped  all  pursuit.  His  fame  spread 
far  and  wide  ;  offers  were  made  for  him  to 
the  amount  of  a  thousand  dollars  ;  the  bold- 
est and  most  hard-riding  hunters  tried  inces- 
santly to  make  prize  of  him,  but  in  vain. 
At  length  he  fell  a  victim  to  his  gallantry; 
being  decoyed  under  a  tree  by  a  tame  mare, 


THE    WILD    HORSE.  lyi 

and  a  noose  dropped  over  his  head  by  a  boy 
perched  among  the  branches. 

The  capture  of  the  wikl  horse  is  one  of  the 
most  favom'ite  achievements  of  the  prairie 
tribes  ;  and,  indeed,  it  is  from  this  source 
that  the  Indian  hunters  chiefly  supply  them- 
selves. The  wild  horses  that  range  those 
vast  grassy  plains,  extending  from  the  Ar- 
kansas to  the  Spanish  settlements,  are  of 
various  forms  and  colours,  betraying  their 
various  descents.  Some  resemble  the  common 
English  stock,  and  are  probably  descended 
from  horses  that  have  escaped  from  our  bor- 
der settlements.  Others  are  of  a  low  but 
strong  make,  and  are  supposed  to  be  of  the 
Andalusian  breed,  brought  out  by  the  Spanish 
discoverers. 

Some  fanciful  speculatists  have  seen  in 
them  descendants  of  the  Arab  stock  brought 
into  Spain  from  Africa,  and  thence  trans- 
ferred to  this  country  ;  and  have  pleased 
themselves  with  the  idea  that  their  sires  may 
have  been  of  the  pure  coursers  of  the  desert, 

I  2 


17^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

that  once  bore  Mahomet  and  his  warHke  dis- 
ciples across  the  sandy  plains  of  Arabia  ! 

The  habits  of  the  Arab  seem  to  have  come 
with  the  steed.  The  introduction  of  the  horse 
on  the  boundless  plains  of  the  "far  West" 
changed  the  whole  mode  of  living  of  their 
inhabitants.  It  gave  them  that  facility  of 
rapid  motion,  and  of  sudden  and  distant 
change  of  place,  so  dear  to  the  roving  pro- 
pensities of  man.  Instead  of  lurking  in  the 
depths  of  gloomy  forests,  and  patiently  thread- 
ing the  mazes  of  a  tangled  wilderness  on 
foot,  like  his  brethren  of  the  north,  the  Indian 
of  the  west  is  a  rover  of  the  plain  ;  he  leads 
a  brighter  and  more  sunshiny  life,  almost 
always  on  horseback,  on  vast  flowery  prairies 
and  under  cloudless  skies. 

I  was  lying  by  the  Captain's  fire  late  in 
the  evening,  listening  to  stories  about  these 
coursers  of  the  prairies,  and  weaving  specu- 
lations of  my  own,  when  there  was  a  clamour 
of  voices  and  a  loud  cheering  at  the  other  end 
of  the    camp,    and  word    was  passed    that 


''a  wild  horse  caught.         173 

Beatte,  the  half-breed,  had  brought  in  a  wild 
horse. 

In  an  instant  every  fire  was  deserted ;  the 
whole  camp  crowded  to  see  the  Indian  and 
his  prize.  It  was  a  colt  about  two  years  old, 
well  gro\vn,  finely  limbed,  with  bright  pro- 
minent eyes,  and  a  spirited  yet  gentle  de- 
meanour. He  gazed  about  him  with  an  air 
of  mingled  stupefaction  and  surprise  at  the 
men,  the  horses,  and  the  camp  fires  ;  while 
the  Indian  stood  before  him  with  folded  arms, 
having  hold  of  the  other  end  of  the  cord 
which  noosed  his  captive,  and  gazing  on  him 
with  a  most  imperturbable  aspect.  Beatte,  as 
I  have  before  observed,  has  a  greenish  olive 
complexion,  with  a  strongly  marked  counte- 
nance not  unlike  the  bronze  casts  of  Napoleon  ; 
and  as  he  stood  before  his  captive  horse,  with 
folded  arms  and  fixed  aspect,  he  looked  more 
like  a  statue  than  a  man. 

If  the  horse,  however,  manifested  the  least 
restiveness,  Beatte  would  immediately  worry 
him  with  the  lariat,  jerking  him  first  on  one 
side  then  on  the  other  so  as  almost  to  throw 

I  3 


174  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

him  on  the  ground  :  when  he  had  thus  ren- 
dered him  passive,  he  would  resume  his 
statue-hke  attitude  and  gaze  at  him  in  silence. 

Tlie  whole  scene  was  singularly  wild  :  the 
tall  grove  partially  illumined  by  the  flashing 
fires  of  the  camp  ;  the  horses  tethered  here 
and  there  among  the  trees  ;  the  carcasses  of 
deer  hanging  around  ;  and  in  the  midst  of  all, 
the  wild  huntsman  and  his  wild  horse,  with 
an  admiring  throng  of  rangers  almost  as 
wild. 

In  the  eagerness  of  their  excitement,  several 
of  the  young  rangers  sought  to  get  the  horse 
by  purchase  or  barter,  and  even  offered  ex- 
travagrant  terms  ;  but  Beatte  declined  all 
their  offers.  "  You  give  great  price  now," 
said  he ;  "  to-morrow  you  take  back,  and  say, 
^  D— d  Indian  !'  " 

The  young  men  importuned  him  with 
questions  about  the  mode  in  which  he  took 
the  horse ;  but  his  answers  were  dry  and 
laconic  :  he  evidently  retained  some  pique  at 
having  been  undervalued  and  sneered  at  by 
the  young  rangers,    and  at  the   same  time 


beatte's  story.  175 

looked  down  upon  them  with  contempt  as 
greenhorns,  httle  versed  in  the  noble  science 
of  woodcraft. 

Afterwards,  however,  when  he  was  seated 
by  our  fire,  I  readily  drew  from  him  an  ac- 
count of  his  exploit ;  for,  though  taciturn 
among  strangers,  and  little  prone  to  boast  of 
his  actions,  yet  his  taciturnity,  like  that  of  all 
Indians,  had  its  times  of  relaxation. 

He  informed  me  that,  on  leaving  the 
camp,  he  had  returned  to  the  place  where  we 
had  lost  sight  of  the  wild  horse.  Soon 
getting  upon  its  track,  he  followed  it  to  the 
banks  of  the  river.  Here,  the  prints  being 
more  distinct  in  the  sand,  he  perceived  that 
one  of  the  hoofs  was  broken  and  defective, 
so  he  gave  up  the  pursuit. 

As  he  was  returning  to  the  camp,  he 
came  upon  a  gang  of  six  horses,  which  im- 
mediately made  for  the  river.  He  pursued 
them  across  the  stream,  left  his  rifle  on  the 
river  bank,  and,  putting  his  horse  to  full 
speed,  soon  came  up  with  the  fugitives.  He 
attempted  to   noose   one   of  them  j   but  the 

I  4 


176  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

^ariat  hitched  on  one  of  his  ears,  and  he 
shook  it  off.  The  horses  dashed  up  a  hill ; 
he  followed  hard  at  their  heels  ;  when,  of  a 
sudden,  he  saw  their  tails  whisking  in  the 
air,  indicating  that  they  were  plunging  down 
a  precipice.  It  was  too  late  to  stop.  He  shut 
his  eyes,  held  in  his  breath,  and  went  over 
with  them  —  neck  or  nothing.  The  descent 
was  between  twenty  and  thirty  feet,  but  they 
all  came  do^^^l  safe  upon  a  sandy  bottom. 

He  now  succeeded  in  throwing  his  noose 
round  a  fine  young  horse.  As  he  galloped 
alongside  of  him,  the  two  horses  passed  each 
side  of  a  sapling,  and  the  end  of  the  lariat 
was  jerked  out  of  his  hand.  He  regained 
it,  but  an  intervening  tree  obliged  him  again 
to  let  it  go.  Having  once  more  caught  it, 
and  coming  to  a  more  open  country,  he  was 
enabled  to  play  the  young  horse  with  the 
line  until  he  gradually  checked  and  subdued 
him,  so  as  to  lead  him  to  the  place  where  he 
had  left  his  rifle. 

He  had  another  formidable  difficulty  in 
getting  him  across   the    river,   where  both 


A    HORSE    CHASE.  177 

horses  stuck  for  a  time  in  the  mire,  and 
Beatte  was  nearly  unseated  from  his  saddle 
by  the  force  of  the  current  and  the  struggles 
of  his  captive.  After  much  toil  and  trouble, 
however,  he  got  across  the  stream,  and 
brought  his  prize  safe  into  the  camp. 

For  the  remainder  of  the  evening  the 
camp  remained  in  a  high  state  of  excite- 
ment :  nothing  was  talked  of  but  the  cap- 
ture of  wild  horses  ;  every  youngster  of  the 
troop  was  for  this  harum-scarum  kind  of 
chase  ;  every  one  promised  himself  to  return 
from  the  campaign  in  triumph,  bestriding 
one  of  these  wild  coursers  of  the  prairies. 
Beatte  had  suddenly  risen  to  great  import- 
ance ;  he  was  the  prime  hunter,  the  hero  of 
the  day  ',  offers  were  made  him  by  the  best 
mounted  rangers  to  let  him  ride  their  horses 
in  the  chase,  provided  he  would  give  them  a 
share  of  the  spoil.  Beatte  bore  his  honours 
in  silence,  and  closed  with  none  of  the 
offers.  Our  stammering,  chattering,  gas- 
conading little  Frenchman,   however,   made 

I  5 


178  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

up  for  his  taciturnity  by  vaunting"  as  much 
upon  the  subject  as  if  it  were  he  that  had 
caught  the  horse.  Indeed,  he  held  forth  so 
learnedly  in  the  matter,  and  boasted  so  much 
of  the  many  horses  he  had  taken,  that  he 
began  to  be  considered  an  oracle,  and  some 
of  the  youngsters  were  inclined  to  doubt 
whether  he  were  not  superior  even  to  the 
taciturn  Beatte. 

The  excitement  kept  the  camp  awake  later 
than  usual.  The  hum  of  voices,  interrupted 
by  occasional  peals  of  laughter,  was  heard 
from  the  groups  around  the  various  fires, 
and  the  night  was  considerably  advanced  be- 
fore all  had  sunk  to  sleep. 

With  the  morning  dawn  the  excitement 
revived,  and  Beatte  and  his  wild  horse  were 
again  the  gaze  and  talk  of  the  camp.  The 
captive  had  been  tied  all  night  to  a  tree, 
among  the  other  horses.  He  was  again  led 
forth  by  Beatte,  by  a  long  halter,  or  lariat, 
and,  on  his  manifesting  the  least  restiveness, 
was,  as  before,  jerked  and  worried  into  pas- 


A    WILD    SPIRIT    TAMED.  179 

sive  submission.  He  appeared  to  be  gentle 
and  docile  by  nature,  and  had  a  beautifully 
mild  expression  of  the  eye.  In  his  strange 
and  forlorn  situation,  the  poor  animal  seemed 
to  seek  protection  and  companionship  in  the 
very  horse  that  had  aided  to  capture  him. 

Seeing  him  thus  gentle  and  tractable, 
Beatte,  just  as  we  were  about  to  march, 
strapped  a  light  pack  upon  his  back,  by  way 
of  giving  him  the  first  lesson  in  servitude. 
The  native  pride  and  independence  of  the 
animal  took  fire  at  this  indignity.  He  reared, 
and  plunged,  and  kicked,  and  tried  in  every 
way  to  get  rid  of  the  degrading  burden. 
The  Indian  was  too  potent  for  him.  At 
every  paroxysm  he  renewed  the  discipline  of 
the  halter,  until  the  poor  animal,  driven  to 
despair,  threw  himself  prostrate  on  the 
ground,  and  lay  motionless,  as  if  acknow- 
ledging himself  vanquished.  A  stage  hero, 
representing  the  despair  of  a  captive  prince, 
could  not  have  played  his  part  more  drama- 
tically. There  was  absolutely  a  moral  gran- 
deur in  it. 

I  6 


180  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

The  imperturbable  Beatte  folded  his  arms, 
and  stood  for  a  time  looking  down  in  silence 
upon  his  captive,  until,  seeing  him  perfectly 
subdued,  he  nodded  his  head  slowly,  screwed 
his  mouth  into  a  sardonic  smile  of  triumph, 
and,  with  a  jerk  of  the  halter,  ordered  him 
to  rise.  He  obeyed,  and  from  that  time  for- 
ward offered  no  resistance.  During  that  day 
he  bore  his  pack  patiently,  and  was  led  by 
the  halter;  but  in  two  days  he  followed  vo- 
luntarily at  large  among  the  supernumerary 
horses  of  the  troop.  * 

I  could  not  but  look  with  compassion  upon 
this  fine  young  animal,  whose  whole  course 
of  existence  had  been  so  suddenly  reversed. 
From  being  a  denizen  of  these  vast  pastures, 
ranging  at  will  from  plain  to  plain  and 
'mead  to  mead,  cropping  of  every  herb  and 
floAver,  and  drinking  of  every  stream,  he  was 
suddenly  reduced  to  perpetual  and  painful 
servitude,  to  pass  his  life  under  the  harness 
and  the  curb,  amid,  perhaps,  the  din  and 
dust  and  drudgery  of  cities.     The  transition 


REFLECTIONS.  181 

in  his  lot  was  such  as  sometimes  takes  place 
in  human  affairs,  and  in  the  fortunes  of  tower- 
ing individuals :  one  day,  a  prince  of  the 
prairies  ;  the  next  day,  a  pack-horse ! 


182  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XXI, 

THE   FORDING    OF    THE    RED    FORK. THE    DREARY 

FORESTS    OF    THE    CROSS    TIMBER. —  BUFFALO. 

We  left  the  camp  of  the  Wild  Horse  about 
a  quarter  before  eight,  and,  after  steering 
nearly  south  for  three  or  four  miles,  arriv^ed 
on  the  banks  of  the  Red  Fork,  at,  as  we  sup- 
posed, above  seventy-five  miles  above  its 
mouth.  The  river  was  about  three  hundred 
yards  wide,  wandering  among  sand-bars  and 
shoals.  Its  shores,  and  the  long  sandy  banks 
that  stretched  out  into  the  stream,  wer0 
printed,  as  usual,  with  the  traces  of  various 
animals  that  had  come  down  to  cross  it,  or 
to  drink  its  w^aters. 

Here  we  came  to  a  halt,  and  there  was 
much  consultation  about  the  possibility  of 
fording  the  river  with  safety,  as  there  was 


CROSSING    THE    RED    FORK.  183 

an  apprehension  of  quicksands.  Beatte,  who 
had  been  somewhat  in  the  rear,  came  up 
while  we  were  debating.  He  was  mounted 
on  his  horse  of  the  half -wild  breed,  and  lead- 
ing his  captive  by  the  bridle.  He  gave  the 
latter  in  charge  to  Tonish,  and,  without  say- 
ing a  word,  urged  his  horse  into  the  stream, 
and  crossed  it  in  safety.  Every  thing  was 
done  by  this  man  in  a  similar  way,  promptly, 
resolutely,  and  silently,  without  a  previous 
promise  or  an  after  vaunt. 

The  troop  now  followed  the  lead  of  Beatte, 
and  reached  the  opposite  shore  without  any 
mishap,  though  one  of  the  pack-horses,  wan- 
dering a  little  from  the  track,  came  near  being 
swallowed  up  in  a  quicksand,  and  was  with 
difficulty  dragged  to  land. 

After  crossing  the  river  we  had  to  force 
our  way,  for  nearly  a  mile,  through  a  thick 
cane  brake,  which,  at  first  sight,  appeared  an 
impervious  mass  of  reeds  and  brambles.  It 
was  a  hard  struggle  :  our  horses  were  often 
to  the  saddle-girths  in  mire  and  water,  and 
both  horse  and  horseman  harassed  and  torn 


184  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

by  bush  and  briar.     Falling,  however,  upon 
a  buffalo  track,  we  at  length  extricated  our- 
selves from  this  morass,  and  ascended  a  ridge 
of  land,   where   we  beheld  a  beautiful  open 
country  before  us  ;  while,  to  our  right,   the 
belt  of  forest  land  called  Cross  Timber  con- 
tinued stretching  away  to  the  southward  as 
far  as  the  eye  could  reach.     We  soon  aban- 
doned the  open  country  and  struck  into  the 
forest  land.     It  was    the    intention    of   the 
Captain  to  keep  on  south-west  by  south,  and 
traverse  the  Cross  Timber  diagonally,  so  as 
to   come   out   upon   the   edge   of   the    great 
western  prairie.     By  thus  maintaining  some- 
thing of  a  southerly   direction,   he   trusted, 
while  he  crossed  the  belt  of  forest,  he  would, 
at  the  same  time,   approach  towards  the  Red 
River. 

The  plan  of  the  Captain  was  judicious  ; 
but  he  erred  from  not  being  informed  of  the 
nature  of  the  country.  Had  he  kept  directly 
west,  a  couple  of  days  would  have  carried  us 
through  the  forest  land,  and  we  might  then 
have  had  an  easy  course  along  the  skirts 


THE    CROSS    TIMBER.  185 

of  the  upper  prairies  to  Red  River  :  by  going 
diagonally,  we  were  kept  for  many  weary 
days  toiling  through  a  dismal  series  of  ragged 
forests. 

The  Cross  Timber  is  about  forty  miles  in 
breadth,  and  stretches  over  a  rough  country 
of  rolling  hills,  covered  with  scattered  tracts 
of  post  oak  and  black  jack  ;  with  some 
intervening  valleys  that,  at  proper  seasons, 
would  afford  good  pasturage.  It  is  very 
much  cut  up  by  deep  ravines,  which,  in  the 
rainy  seasons,  are  the  beds  of  temporary 
streams,  tributary  to  the  main  rivers,  and 
thence  called  *'  branches."  The  whole  tract 
may  present  a  pleasant  aspect  in  the  fresh 
time  of  the  year,  when  the  ground  is  covered 
with  herbage  ;  when  the  trees  are  in  their 
green  leaf,  and  the  glens  are  enlivened  by 
running  streams.  Unfortunately,  we  entered 
it  too  late  in  the  season.  Tlie  herbage  was 
parched  ;  the  foliage  of  the  scrubby  forests 
was  withered  ;  the  whole  woodland  prospect, 
as  far  as  the  eye  could  reach,  had  a  brown 
and  arid  hue.     The  fires  made  in  the  prairies 


186  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

by  the  Indian  hunters  had  frequently  pene- 
trated these  forests,  sweeping  in  hght  transient 
flames  along  the  dry  grass,  scorching  and 
charring  the  lower  twigs  and  branches  of  the 
trees,  and  leaving  them  black  and  hard,  so 
as  to  tear  the  flesh  of  man  and  horse  that 
had  to  scramble  through  them.  I  shall  not 
easily  forget  the  mortal  toil,  and  the  vexations 
of  flesh  and  spirit,  that  we  underwent  occa- 
sionally, in  our  wanderings  through  the  Cross 
Timber.  It  was  like  struggling  through 
forests  of  cast  iron. 

After  a  tedious  ride  of  several  miles,  we 
came  out  upon  an  open  tract  of  hill  and  dale 
interspersed  with  woodland.  Here  we  were 
aroused  by  the  cry  of  **  Buffalo!  buffalo!"  The 
effect  was  something  like  that  of  the  cry  of 
**  A  sail !  a  sail !"  at  sea.  It  was  not  a  false 
alarm.  Three  or  four  of  those  enormous 
animals  were  visible  to  our  right,  grazing 
on  the  slope  of  a  distant  hill. 

There  was  a  general  movement  to  set  off" 
in  pursuit ;  and  it  was  with  some  difficulty 
that  the  vivacity  of  the  younger  men  of  the 


BUFFALOES.  187 

troop  could  be  restrained.  Leaving  orders 
that  the  Hne  of  march  shoukl  be  pursued,  the 
Captain  and  two  of  his  officers  departed  at  a 
quiet  pace,  accompanied  by  Beatte,  and  by  the 
ever  forward  Tonish  ;  for  it  was  impossible 
any  longer  to  keep  the  little  Frenchman  in 
check,  being  half  crazy  to  prove  his  skill  and 
prowess  in  hunting  the  buffalo. 

The  intervening  hills  soon  hid  from  us 
both  the  game  and  the  huntsmen.  We  kept 
on  our  course  in  quest  of  a  camping-place, 
which  was  difficult  to  be  found,  almost  all 
the  channels  of  the  streams  being  dry,  and 
the  country  being  destitute  of  fountain-heads. 
After  proceeding  some  distance  there  was 
again  a  cry  of  "Buffalo!"  and  two  were  pointed 
out  on  a  hill  to  the  left.  The  Captain  being 
absent,  it  was  no  longer  possible  to  restrain 
the  ardour  of  the  young  hunters.  Away 
several  of  them  dashed,  full  speed,  and  soon 
disappeared  among  the  ravines ;  the  rest 
kept  on,  anxious  to  find  a  proper  place  for 
encampment. 

Indeed,  we  now  began  to  experience  the 


188  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

disadvantages  of  the  season.  The  pasturage 
of  the  prairies  was  scanty  and  parched  ;  the 
pea  vines  which  gi'ow  in  the  woody  bottoms 
were  withered  ;  and  most  of  the  **  branches/' 
or  streams,  were  dried  up.  Wliile  wandering 
in  this  perplexity,  we  were  overtaken  by  the 
Captain  and  all  his  party,  except  Tonish. 
They  had  pursued  the  buffalo  for  some  dis- 
tance, ^vithout  getting  within  shot,  and  had 
given  up  the  chase,  being  fearful  of  fatiguing 
their  horses,  or  being  led  off  too  far  from 
the  camp.  The  little  Frenchman,  however, 
had  galloped  after  them  like  mad,  and  the 
last  they  saw  of  him  he  was  engaged,  as  it 
were,  yard-arm  and  yard-arm  with  a  great 
buffalo  bull,  firing  broadsides  into  him.  **  I 
tink  dat  little  man  crazy,  somehow,"  ob- 
served Beatte,  dryly. 


189 


CHAPTER    XXII. 

THE    ALARM    CAMP. 
FIRE. —  THE   WILD    INDIANS. 

We  now  came  to  a  halt,  and  had  to  content 
ourselves  with  an  indifferent  encampment. 
It  was  in  a  grove  of  scrub  oaks,  on  the  bor- 
ders of  a  deep  ravine,  at  the  bottom  of  which 
were  a  few  scanty  pools  of  water.  We  were 
just  at  the  foot  of  a  gradually  sloping  hill, 
covered  with  half- withered  grass,  that  afforded 
meagre  pasturage.  In  the  spot  where  we 
had  encamped,  the  grass  was  high  and 
parched.  The  view  around  us  was  circum- 
scribed, and  much  shut  in  by  gently  swelling 
hills. 


190  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Just  as  we  were  encamping,  Tonisli  ar- 
rived, all  glorious  from  his  hunting  match ; 
his  white  horse  hung  all  round  with  buffalo 
meat.  According  to  his  own  account,  he 
had  laid  low  two  mighty  bulls.  As  usual, 
we  deducted  one  half  from  his  boastings  ; 
but  now  that  he  had  something  real  to  vaunt 
about,  there  was  no  restraining  the  valour  of 
his  tongue. 

After  having  in  some  measure  appeased 
his  vanity  by  boasting  of  his  exploit,  he  in- 
formed us,  that  he  had  observed  the  fresh 
track  of  horses,  which,  from  various  circum- 
stances, he  suspected  to  have  been  made  by 
some  roving  band  of  Pawnees.  This  caused 
some  little  uneasiness.  The  young  men  who 
had  left  the  line  of  march  in  pursuit  of  the 
two  buffaloes  had  not  yet  rejoined  us.  Appre- 
hensions were  expressed  that  they  might  be 
waylaid  and  attacked.  Our  veteran  hunter, 
**  old  Ryan,"  also,  immediately  on  our  halt- 
ing to  encamp,  had  gone  off  on  foot,  in  com- 
pany with  a  young  disciple.  *'  Dat  old  man 
will  have  his  brains  knocked  out  by  de  Paw- 


ALARM    OF    FIRE.  IQl 

nees  yet,"  said  Beatte  ;  **  he  tink  he  know 
every  ting,  but  he  don't  know  Pawnees  any 
how/' 

Taking  his  rifle,  the  Captain  repaired  on 

foot  to  reconnoitre  the  country  from  the 
naked  summit   of  one  of  the   neighbouring 

hills.  In  the  mean  time,  the  horses  were 
hobbled  and  turned  loose  to  graze  in  the  ad- 
jacent fields,  and  wood  was  cut,  and  fires 
made,  to  prepare  the  evening's  repast. 

Suddenly  there  was  an  alarm  of  fire  in  the 
camp  !  The  flame  from  one  of  the  kindling 
fires  had  caught  to  the  tall  dry  grass :  a 
breeze  was  blowing  ;  there  was  danger  that 
the  camp  would  soon  be  wrapped  in  a  light 
blaze.  *'  Look  to  the  horses!"  cried  one; 
**  Drag  away  the  baggage  !"  cried  another  ; 
"  Take  care  of  the  rifles  and  powder-horns  !" 
cried  a  third :  all  was  hurry-scurry  and 
uproar.  The  horses  dashed  wildly  about ; 
the  men  snatched  away  rifles  and  powder- 
horns  ;  others  dragged  off"  saddles  and  saddle- 
bags :  meantime,  no  one  thought  of  quelling 
the  fire,   nor,  indeed,  knew  how  to  quell  it. 


192  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Beatte,  however,  and  his  comrades,  attacked 
it  in  the  Indian  mode,  beating  down  the 
edges  of  the  fire  with  blankets  and  horse- 
cloths, and  endeavouring  to  prevent  its  spread- 
ing among  the  grass  ;  the  rangers  followed 
their  example,  and  in  a  little  while  the  flames 
were  happily  quelled. 

The  fires  were  now  properly  kindled  in 
places  from  whence  the  dry  grass  had  been 
cleared  away.  The  horses  were  scattered 
about  a  small  valley,  and  on  the  sloping  hill- 
side, cropping  the  scanty  herbage.  Tonish 
was  preparing  a  sumptuous  evening's  meal 
from  his  buffalo  meat,  promising  us  a  rich 
soup  and  a  prime  piece  of  roast  beef ;  but  we 
were  doomed  to  experience  another  and  more 
serious  alarm. 

There  was  an  indistinct  cry  from  some 
rangers  on  the  summit  of  the  hill,  of  which 
we  could  only  distinguish  the  words,  **  The 
horses  !   the  horses  !   get  in  the  horses  ! " 

Inunediately  a  clamour  of  voices  arose  : 
shouts,  enquiries,  replies,  were  all  mingled 
together,    so   that  nothing   could  be   clearly 


ALARM    OF    INDIANS.  193 

understood,  and  every  one  drew  his  own  in- 
ference. 

"  The  Captain  has  started  buffaloes,"  cried 
one,  **  and  wants  horses  for  the  chase." 
Immediately  a  number  of  rangers  seized  their 
rifles,  and  scampered  for  the  hill  top.  '*  The 
prairie  is  on  fire  beyond  the  hill,"  cried 
another.  *'  I  see  the  smoke !  the  Captain 
means  we  shall  drive  the  horses  beyond  the 
brook." 

By  this  time  a  ranger  from  the  hill  had 
reached  the  skirts  of  the  camp.  He  was 
almost  breathless,  and  could  only  say  that  the 
Captain  had  seen  Indians  at  a  distance. 

"  Pawnees  !  Pawnees  !"  was  now  the  cry 
among  our  wild-headed  youngsters. 

"  Drive  the  horses  into  the  camp ! "  cried 
one.  *'  Saddle  the  horses!"  cried  another. 
**  Form  the  line  !"  cried  a  third.  There  was 
now  a  scene  of  clamour  and  confusion  that 
baffles  all  description.  The  rangers  were 
scampering  about  the  adjacent  fields  in  pur- 
suit of  their  horses.  One  might  be  seen 
tugging  his  steed  along  by  a  halter  ;  another, 

K 


194  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

without  a  hat,  riding  hare-backed ;  another 
driving  a  hobbled  horse  before  him,  that  made 
awkward  leaps  like  a  kangaroo. 

The  alarm  increased.  Word  was  brought 
from  the  lower  end  of  the  camp,  that  there 
was  a  band  of  Pa^vnees  in  a  neighbouring 
valley.  **  They  had  shot  old  Ryan  through 
the  head,  and  were  chasing  his  companion  ! " 
"  No,  it  was  not  old  Ryan  that  was  killed, 
it  was  one  of  the  hunters  that  had  been  after 
the  two  buffaloes."  *'  There  are  three  hun- 
dred Pawnees  just  behind  the  hill ! "  cried  one 
voice.      **  More,  more!"  cried  another. 

Our  situation,  shut  in  among  hills,  pre- 
vented our  seeing  to  any  distance,  and  left  us 
a  prey  to  all  these  rumours.  A  cruel  enemy 
was  supposed  to  be  at  hand,  and  an  imme- 
diate attack  apprehended.  The  horses  by 
this  time  were  driven  into  the  camp,  and 
were  dashing  about  among  the  fires,  and 
trampling  upon  the  baggage.  Every  one 
endeavoured  to  prepare  for  action  :  but  here 
was  the  perplexity.  During  the  late  alarm 
of  fire,   the  saddles,  bridles,  rifles,  powder- 


ALARM    OF    INDIANS.  195 

horns,  and  other  equipments,  had  been 
snatched  out  of  their  places,  and  thrown 
helter-skeker  among  the  trees. 

**  Where  is  my  saddle?"  cried  one. 
'^  Has  any  one  seen  my  rifle  ?"  cried  another. 
"  Who  will  lend  me  a  ball?"  cried  a  third, 
who  was  loading  his  piece.  "  1  have  lost 
my  bullet-pouch." 

*'  For  God's  sake  help  me  to  girth  this 
horse!"  cried  another;  ''  he  is  so  restive  I 
can  do  nothing  with  him ! "  In  his  hurry 
he  had  put  on  the  saddle  the  hind  part 
before. 

Some  affected  to  swagger  and  talk  bold ; 
others  said  nothing,  but  went  on  steadily 
preparing  their  horses  and  weapons  ;  and  on 
these  I  felt  the  most  reliance.  Some  were 
evidently  excited  and  elated  with  the  idea  of 
an  encounter  with  Indians,  and  none  more  so 
than  my  young  Swiss  fellow-traveller,  who 
has  a  passion  for  wild  adventure.  Our  man 
Beatte  led  his  horses  in  the  rear  of  the 
camp,  placed  his  rifle  against  a  tree,  then 
seated  himself  by  the  fire  in  perfect  silence. 

K    S 


196  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

On  the  other  hand,  httle  Tonish,  who  was 
busy  cooking",  stopped  every  moment  from 
his  work  to  play  the  Ju7ifaron,  singing,  swear- 
ing, and  affecting  an  unusual  hilarity,  which 
made  me  strongly  suspect  that  there  was 
some  little  fright  at  bottom  to  cause  all  this 
effervescence. 

About  a  dozen  of  the  rangers,  as  soon  as 
they  could  saddle  their  horses,  dashed  off  in 
the  direction  in  which  the  Pawnees  were  said 
to  have  attacked  the  hunters.  It  was  now 
determined,  in  case  our  camp  should  be  as- 
sailed, to  put  our  horses  in  the  ravine  in 
rear,  where  they  would  be  out  of  danger 
from  arrow  or  rifle  ball,  and  to  take  our 
stand  within  the  edge  of  the  ravine.  This 
would  serve  as  a  trench,  and  the  trees  and 
thickets  with  which  it  was  bordered  would 
be  sufficient  to  turn  aside  any  shaft  of  the 
enemy.  The  Pawnees,  beside,  are  wary  of 
attacking  any  covert  of  the  kind  ;  their  war- 
fare, as  I  have  already  observed,  lies  upon 
the  open  prairies,  where,  mounted  upon  their 
fleet  horses,  they  can  swoop  like  hawks  upon 


ALARM    OF    INDIANS.  197 

their  enemy,  or  wheel  about  him  and  dis- 
charge their  arrows.  Still  I  could  not  but 
perceive  that,  in  case  of  being  attacked  by- 
such  a  number  of  these  well-mounted  and 
warlike  savages  as  were  said  to  be  at  hand, 
we  should  be  exposed  to  considerable  risk, 
from  the  inexperience  and  want  of  discipline 
of  our  newly-raised  rangers,  and  from  the 
very  courage  of  many  of  the  younger  ones, 
who  seemed  bent  on  adventure  and  exploit. 

By  this  time  the  Captain  reached  the 
camp,  and  every  one  crowded  around  him 
for  information.  He  informed  us  that  he 
had  proceeded  some  distance  on  his  recon  . 
noitring  expedition,  and  was  slowly  returning 
towards  the  camp,  along  the  brow  of  a  naked 
hill,  when  he  saw  something  on  the  edge  of 
a  parallel  hill  that  looked  like  a  man.  He 
paused  and  watched  it ;  but  it  remained  so 
perfectly  motionless  that  he  supposed  it  a 
bush,  or  the  top  of  some  tree  beyond  the  hill. 
He  resumed  his  course,  when  it  likewise  be- 
gan to  move  in  a  parallel  direction.  Another 
form  now  rose  beside  it,  of  some  one  who  had 

K  3 


198  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

either  been  lying"  down,  or  had  just  ascended 
the  other  side  of  the  hill.  Tlie  Captain  stopped 
and  regarded  them  ;  they  likewise  stopped. 
He  then  lay  down  upon  the  grass,  and  they 
began  to  walk.  On  his  rising  they  again 
stopped,  as  if  watching  him.  Knowing  that 
the  Indians  are  apt  to  have  their  spies  and 
sentinels  thus  posted  on  the  summit  of  naked 
hills,  commanding  extensive  prospects,  his 
doubts  were  increased  by  the  suspicious 
movements  of  these  men.  He  now  put  his 
foraging  cap  on  the  end  of  his  rifle,  and 
waved  it  in  the  air.  They  took  no  notice 
of  the  signal.  He  then  walked  on  until  he 
entered  the  edg-e  of  a  wood  which  concealed 
him  from  their  view.  Stepping  out  of 
sight  for  a  moment,  he  again  looked  forth, 
when  he  saw  the  two  men  passing  swiftly 
forward.  As  the  hill  on  which  they  were 
walking  made  a  curve  toward  that  on  which 
he  stood,  it  seemed  as  if  they  were  endea- 
vouring to  head  him  before  he  should  reach 
the  camp.  Doubting  whether  they  might 
not  belong  to  some  large  party  of  Indians, 


ALARM    OF    INDIANS.  199 

either  in  ambush  or  moving"  along"  the  valley 
beyond  the  hill,  the  Captain  hastened  his 
steps  homeward,  and,  descrying  some  rangers 
on  an  eminence  between  him  and  the  camp, 
he  called  out  to  them  to  pass  the  word  to 
have  the  horses  driven  in,  as  these  are, 
generally,  the  first  object  of  Indian  depre- 
dation. 

Such  was  the  origin  of  the  alarm  which 
had  thrown  the  camp  in  commotion.  Some 
of  those  who  heard  the  Captain's  narrative, 
had  no  doubt  that  the  men  on  the  hill  were 
Pawnee  scouts,  belonging  to  the  band  that 
had  waylaid  the  hunters.  Distant  shots 
were  heard  at  intervals,  which  were  sup- 
posed to  be  fired  by  those  who  had  sallied 
out  to  rescue  their  comrades.  Several  more 
rangers,  having  completed  their  equipments, 
now  rode  forth  in  the  direction  of  the  firing ; 
others  looked  anxious  and  uneasy. 

*'  If  they  are  as  numerous  as  they  are 
said  to  be,"  said  one,  "  and  as  well  mounted 
as  they  generally  are,  Ave  shall  be  a  bad 
match  for  them  with  our  jaded  horses." 

K  4 


200  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

"  Well,"  replied  the  Captain,  "  we  have 
a  strong  encampment,  and  can  stand  a  siege." 

*'  Ay,  but  they  may  set  fire  to  the  prairie 
at  night,  and  burn  us  out  of  our  encamp- 
ment." 

**  We  will  then  set  up  a  counter-fire." 

The  word  was  now  passed  that  a  man  on 
horseback  approached  the  camp.  **  It  is 
one  of  the  hunters!" — "  It  is  Clements!" 
—  *'  He  brings  buffalo  meat!"  was  an- 
nounced by  several  voices  as  the  horseman 
drew  near. 

It  was,  in  fact,  one  of  the  rangers  who 
had  set  off  in  the  morning  in  pursuit  of  the 
two  buffaloes.  He  rode  into  the  camp  with 
the  spoils  of  the  chase  hanging  round  his 
horse,  and  followed  by  his  companions,  all 
sound  and  unharmed,  and  equally  well  laden. 
They  proceeded  to  give  an  account  of  a  grand 
gallop  they  had  had  after  the  two  buffaloes, 
and  how  many  shots  it  had  cost  them  to 
bring  one  to  the  ground. 

*'  Well,  but  the  Pawnees — the  Pawnees 
— where  are  the  Pawnees?" 


FALSE    ALARM.  SOI 

"  What  Pawnees?" 

**  The  Pawnees  that  attacked  you.*' 

**  No  one  has  attacked  us." 

'*  But  have  you  seen  no  Indians  on  your 
way?" 

**  Oh,  yes  ;  two  of  us  got  to  the  top  of  a 
hill  to  look  out  for  the  camp,  and  saw  a  fel- 
low on  an  opposite  hill  cutting  queer  antics, 
who  seemed  to  be  an  Indian." 

*'  Pshaw!  that  was  I,"  cried  the  Captain. 

Here  the  bubble  burst.  The  whole  alarm 
had  arisen  from  this  mutual  mistake  of  the 
Captain  and  the  two  rangers.  As  to  the 
report  of  the  three  hundred  Pawnees,  and 
their  attack  on  the  hunters,  it  proved  to  be  a 
wanton  fabrication,  of  which  no  further  no- 
tice was  taken,  though  the  author  deserved 
to  have  been  sought  out  and  severely  pun- 
ished. 

There  being  no  longer  any  prospect  of 
fighting,  every  one  now  thought  of  eating  ; 
and  here  the  stomachs  throughout  the  camp 
were  in  unison.     Tonish  served  up  to  us  his 

K  5 


202  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

promised  regale  of  buffalo  soup  and  buffalo 
beef.  The  soup  was  peppered  most  horribly, 
and  the  roast  beef  proved  the  bull  to  have 
been  one  of  the  patriarchs  of  the  prairies  : 
never  did  I  have  to  deal  with  a  tougher  mor- 
sel. However,  it  was  our  first  repast  on 
buffalo  meat,  so  we  ate  it  with  a  lively  faith ; 
nor  would  our  little  Frenchman  allow  us  any 
rest,  until  he  had  extorted  from  us  an  ac- 
knowledgment of  the  excellence  of  his  cook- 
ing, though  the  pepper  gave  us  the  lie  in  our 
throats. 

The  night  closed  in  without  the  return  of 
old  Ryan  and  his  companions.  We  had  be- 
come accustomed,  however,  to  the  aberrations 
of  this  old  cock  of  the  woods,  and  no  further 
solicitude  was  expressed  on  his  account. 
After  the  fatigues  and  agitations  of  the  day, 
the  camp  soon  sunk  into  a  profound  sleep, 
excepting  those  on  guard,  who  were  more 
than  usually  on  the  alert ;  for  the  traces  re- 
cently seen  of  Pawnees,  and  the  certainty 
that  we  were  in  the  midst  of  their  hunting- 


FALSE    ALARM.  203 

grounds,  excited  to  constant  vigilance.  About 
half-past  ten  o'clock,  we  were  all  startled 
from  sleep  by  a  new  alarm.  A  sentinel  had 
fired  off  his  rifle,  and  run  into  camp,  crying 
out  that  there  were  Indians  at  hand. 

Every  one  was  on  his  legs  in  an  instant. 
Some  seized  their  rifles  ;  some  were  about 
to  saddle  their  horses ;  some  hastened  to  the 
Captain's  lodge,  but  were  ordered  back  to 
their  respective  fires.  The  sentinel  was  ex- 
amined. He  declared  he  had  seen  an  Indian 
approach,  crawling  along  the  ground,  where- 
upon he  had  fired  upon  him,  and  run  into 
camp.  The  Captain  gave  it  as  his  opinion 
that  the  supposed  Indian  was  a  wolf;  he  re- 
primanded the  sentinel  for  deserting  his  post, 
and  obliged  him  to  return  to  it.  Many 
seemed  inclined  to  give  credit  to  the  story  of 
the  sentinel ;  for  the  events  of  the  day  had 
predisposed  them  to  apprehend  lurking  foes, 
and  sudden  assaults  during  the  darkness  of 
the  night.  For  a  long  time  they  sat  round 
their  fires,  with  rifle  in   hand,   carrying  on 

K  6 


S04  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

low  murmuring  conversations,  and  listening 
for  some  new  alarm.  Nothing  further,  how- 
ever, occurred ;  the  voices  gradually  died 
away  ;  the  gossipers  nodded,  and  dozed,  and 
sunk  to  rest;  and  by  degrees  silence  and  sleep 
once  more  stole  over  the  camp. 


205 


CHAPTER  XXIII. 


BEAVER    DAM. BUFFALO    AND    HORSE    TRACKS. 

A    PAWNEE    TRAIL. WILD  HORSES. — THE   YOUNG 

HUNTER    AND    THE    BEAR. 


On  mustering  our  forces  in  the  morning 
(October  23.),  old  Ryan  and  his  comrade 
were  still  missing  ;  but  the  Captain  had  such 
perfect  reliance  on  the  skill  and  resources  of 
the  veteran  woodsman,  that  he  did  not  think 
it  necessary  to  take  any  measures  with  re- 
spect to  him. 

Our  march  this  day  lay  through  the  same 
kind  of  rough,  rolling  country,  chequered  by 
brown,  dreary  forests  of  post  oak,  and  cut 
up  by  deep,  dry  ravines.  The  distant  fires 
were  evidently  increasing  on  the  prairies  ;  the 
wind  had  been  at  north-west  for  several  days, 
and  the  atmosphere  had  become  so  smoky, 


206  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

as  in  the  height  of  Indian  summer,  that  it 
was  difficult  to  distinguish  objects  at  any 
distance. 

In  the  course  of  the  morning  we  crossed 
a  deep  stream,  Avith  a  complete  beaver-dam, 
above  three  feet  high,  making  a  large  pond, 
and  doubtless  containing  several  families  of 
that  industrious  animal,  though  not  one 
showed  his  nose  above  water.  The  Captain 
would  not  permit  this  amphibious  common- 
wealth to  be  disturbed. 

We  now  were  continually  coming  upon 
the  tracks  of  buffaloes  and  wild  horses  ;  those 
of  the  former  tended  invariably  to  the  south, 
as  we  could  perceive  by  the  direction  of  the 
trampled  grass.  It  was  evident  we  were  on 
tlie  great  highway  of  these  migratory  herds, 
but  that  they  had  chiefly  passed  to  the  south- 
ward. 

Beatte,  who  generally  kept  a  parallel 
course,  several  hundred  yards  distant  from 
our  line  of  march,  to  be  on  the  look-out  for 
game,  and  who  regarded  every  track  with 
the  knowing  eye  of  an  Indian,  reported  that 


A    PAWNEE    TRAIL,  S07 

he  had  come  upon  a  very  suspicious  trail. 
There  were  the  tracks  of  men  who  had  worn 
Pawnee  mocassins.  He  had  scented  the 
smoke  of  mingled  sumach  and  tobacco,  such 
as  the  Indians  use.  He  had  observed  tracks 
of  horses,  mingled  with  those  of  a  dog  ;  and 
a  mark  in  the  dust  where  a  cord  had  been 
trailed  along,  probably  the  long  bridle,  one 
end  of  which  the  Indian  horsemen  suffer  to 
trail  after  them  on  the  ground.  It  was 
evident  they  were  not  the  tracks  of  wild 
horses. 

My  anxiety  began  to  revive  about  the 
safety  of  our  veteran  hunter  Ryan  ;  for  I 
had  taken  a  great  fancy  to  this  real  old  lea- 
ther-stocking ;  every  one  expressed  a  con- 
fidence, however,  that,  wherever  Ryan  was, 
he  was  safe,  and  knew  how  to  take  care  of 
himself. 

We  had  accomplished  the  greater  part  of 
a  weary  day's  march,  and  were  passing 
through  a  glade  of  the  oak  openings,  when 
we  came  in  sight  of  six  wild  horses  ;  among 
which  I   especially  noticed  two  very  hand- 


208  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

some  ones,  a  grey  and  a  roan.  They  pranced 
about,  Avith  heads  erect  and  long  flaunting 
tails,  offering  a  proud  contrast  to  our  poor, 
spiritless,  travel-tired  steeds.  Having  recon- 
noitred us  for  a  moment,  they  set  off  at  a 
gallop,  passed  through  a  woody  dingle,  and 
in  a  little  while  emerged  once  more  to  view, 
trotting  up  a  slope  about  a  mile  distant. 

The  sight  of  these  horses  was  again  a  sore 
trial  to  the  vapouring  Tonish,  who  had  his 
lariat  and  forked  stick  ready,  and  was  on  the 
point  of  launching  forth  in  pursuit,  on  his 
jaded  horse,  when  he  was  again  ordered 
back  to  the  pack-horses. 

After  a  day's  journey  of  fourteen  miles 
in  a  south-west  direction,  we  encamped  on 
the  banks  of  a  small  clear  stream,  on  the 
northern  borders  of  the  Cross  Timbers,  and 
on  the  edge  of  those  vast  prairies  that  ex- 
tend away  to  the  feet  of  the  Rocky  Moun- 
tains. In  turning  loose  the  horses  to  graze, 
their  bells  were  stuffed  with  grass  to  prevent 
their  tinkling,  lest  it  might  be  heard  by  some 
wandering  horde  of  Pawnees. 


A  ranger's  story.  209 

Our  hunters  now  went  out  in  different  di- 
rections, but  without  much  success,  as  but 
one  deer  was  brought  into  the  camp.  A 
young  ranger  had  a  long  story  to  tell  of  his 
adventures.  In  skirting  the  thickets  of  a 
deep  ravine,  he  had  wounded  a  buck,  which 
he  plainly  heard  to  fall  among  the  bushes. 
He  stopped  to  fix  the  lock  of  his  rifle,  which 
was  out  of  order,  and  to  reload  it ;  then,  ad- 
vancing to  the  edge  of  the  thicket  in  quest  of 
his  game,  he  heard  a  low  growling.  Putting 
the  branches  aside,  and  stealing  silently  for- 
ward, he  looked  down  into  the  ravine,  and 
beheld  a  huge  bear  dragging  the  carcass  of 
the  deer  along  the  dry  channel  of  a  brook, 
and  growling  and  snarling  at  four  or  five 
officious  wolves  who  seemed  to  have  dropped 
in  to  take  supper  with  him. 

The  ranger  fired  at  the  bear,  but  missed 
him.  Bruin  maintained  his  ground  and  his 
prize,  and  seemed  disposed  to  make  battle. 
The  wolves,  too,  who  were  evidently  sharp 
set,  drew  off  to  but  a  small  distance.  As 
night  was  coming  on,  the  young  hunter  felt 


210  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

dismayed  at  the  darkness  and  wildness  of 
the  place,  and  the  strange  company  he  had 
fallen  in  with ;  so  he  quietly  withdrew,  and 
returned  empty-handed  to  the  camp,  where, 
having  told  his  story,  he  was  heartily  ban- 
tered by  his  more  experienced  comrades. 

In  the  course  of  the  evening  old  Ryan 
came  straggling  into  the  camp,  followed  by 
his  disciple,  and,  as  usual,  was  received  with 
hearty  gratulations.  He  had  lost  himself 
yesterday  when  hunting,  and  camped  out 
all  night ;  but  had  found  our  trail  in  the 
morning,  and  followed  it  up.  He  had 
passed  some  time  at  the  beaver-dam,  ad- 
miring the  skill  and  solidity  with  which  it 
had  been  constructed,  "  These  beavers," 
said  he,  **  are  industrious  little  fellows  :  they 
are  the  knowingest  varmint  as  I  know ;  and 
I  '11  warrant  the  pond  was  stocked  with 
them." 

**  Ay,"  said  the  Captain,  "  I  have  no 
doubt  most  of  the  small  rivers  we  have 
passed  are  full  of  beaver.  I  should  like  to 
come  and  trap  on  these  waters  all  winter." 


BEAVERS.  211 

"  But  would  you  not  run  the  chance  of 
being  attacked  by  Indians?"  asked  one  of 
the  company. 

**  Oh,  as  to  that,  it  would  be  safe  enough 
here  in  the  Avinter  time.  There  would  be  no  / 
Indians  here  until  spring.  I  should  want  no 
more  than  two  campanions.  Three  persons 
are  safer  than  a  large  number  for  trapping 
beaver.  They  can  keep  quiet,  and  need  sel- 
dom fire  a  gun.  A  bear  would  serve  them 
for  food  for  two  months,  taking  care  to  turn 
every  part  of  it  to  advantage." 

A  consultation  was  now  held  as  to  our 
future  progress.  We  had  thus  far  pursued 
a  western  course,  and,  having  traversed  the 
Cross  Timber,  were  on  the  skirts  of  the 
Great  Western  Prairie.  We  were  still,  how- 
ever, in  a  very  rough  country,  where  food 
was  scarce.  The  season  was  so  far  ad- 
vanced that  the  grass  was  withered,  and  the 
prairies  yielded  no  pasturage.  The  pea  vines 
of  the  bottoms,  also,  which  had  sustained  our 
horses  for  some  part  of  the  journey,  were 
nearly  gone,  and,  for  several  days  past,  the 


212  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

poor  animals  had  fallen  off  wofully,  both  in 
flesh  and  spirit.  The  Indian  fires  in  the 
prairies  were  approaching  us  from  north, 
and  south,  and  west ;  they  might  spread 
also  from  the  east,  and  leave  a  scorched  de- 
sert between  us  and  the  frontier,  in  which 
our  horses  might  be  famished. 

It  was  determined,  therefore,  to  advance 
no  farther  to  the  westward,  but  to  shape  our 
course  more  to  the  east,  so  as  to  strike  the 
north  fork  of  the  Canadian  as  soon  as  pos- 
sible ;  where  we  hoped  to  find  abundance  of 
young  cane,  which,  at  this  season  of  the 
year,  affords  the  most  nutritious  pasturage 
for  the  horses,  and,  at  the  same  time,  attracts 
immense  quantities  of  game.  Here,  then,  we 
fixed  the  limits  of  our  tour  to  the  Far  West, 
being  within  little  more  than  a  day's  march 
of  the  boundary  line  of  Texas. 


213 


CHAPTER  XXIV. 

SCARCITY  OF  BREAD.  —  RENCONTRE  WITH  BUFFA- 
LOES.—  WILD  TURKEYS.  —  FALL  OF  A  BUFFALO 
BULL. 

The  morning  broke  bright  and  clear,  but 
the  camp  had  nothing  of  its  usual  gaiety. 
The  concert  of  the  farmyard  was  at  an  end ; 
not  a  cock  crew  nor  dog  barked  ;  nor  was 
there  either  singing  or  laughing  :  every  one 
pursued  his  avocations  quietly  and  gravely. 
The  novelty  of  the  expedition  was  wearing 
off;  some  of  the  young  men  were  getting  as 
wayworn  as  their  horses  ;  and  most  of  them, 
unaccustomed  to  the  hunter's  life,  began  to 
repine  at  its  privations.  What  they  most 
felt  was  the  want  of  bread,  their  rations  of 
flour  having  been  exhausted  for  several  days. 
The  old  hunters,  who  had  often  experienced 
this  want,  made  light  of  it ;   and  Beatte,  ac- 


214  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

customed,  when  among  tli^  Indians,  to  live 
for  months  without  it,  considered  it  a  mere 
article  of  luxury.  "  Bread,"  he  would  say, 
scornfully,  ''  is  only  fit  for  a  child." 

About  a  quarter  before  eight  o'clock  we 
turned  our  backs  uj3on  the  Far  West,  and  set 
off  in  a  south-west  course  along  a  gentle 
valley.  After  riding  a  few  miles,  Beatte, 
who  kept  parallel  with  us  along  the  ridge  of 
a  naked  hill  to  our  right,  called  out  and 
made  signals,  as  if  something  was  coming 
round  the  hill  to  intercept  us.  Some  who 
were  near  me  cried  out  that  it  was  a  party  of 
Pawnees.  A  skirt  of  thickets  hid  the  ap- 
proach of  the  supposed  enemy  from  our 
view.  We  heard  a  trfimpling  among  the 
brushwood.  My  horse  looked  towards  the 
place,  snorted,  and  pricked  up  his  ears,  when 
presently  a  couple  of  huge  buffalo  bulls,  who 
had  been  alarmed  by  Beatte,  came  crashing 
through  the  brake,  and  making  directly  to- 
wards us.  At  sight  of  us  they  wheeled 
round  and  scuttled  along  a  narrow  defile  of 
the  hills.     In  an  instant  half  a  score  of  rifles 


RENCONTRE    WITH    BUFFALOES.      S15 

cracked  off;  there  was  a  universal  whoop 
and  halloo,  and  away  went  half  the  troop, 
helter-skelter  in  pursuit,  and  myself  among" 
the  number.  The  most  of  us  soon  pulled 
up,  and  gave  over  a  chase  which  led  through 
bush  and  briar  and  break-neck  ravines.  Some 
few  of  the  rangers  persisted  for  a  time  ;  but 
eventually  rejoined  the  line,  slowly  lagging 
one  after  another.  One  of  them  returned  on 
foot  :  he  had  been  thrown  while  in  full 
chase  ;  his  rifle  had  been  broken  in  the  fall ; 
and  his  horse,  retaining  the  spirit  of  the 
rider,  had  kept  on  after  the  buffalo.  It  was 
a  melancholy  predicament  to  be  reduced  to  ; 
to  be  without  horse  or  weapon  in  the  midst 
of  the  Pawnee  hunting-grounds. 

For  my  own  part,  I  had  been  fortunate 
enough  recently,  by  a  further  exchange,  to 
get  possession  of  the  best  horse  in  the  troop ; 
a  full-blooded  sorrel,  of  excellent  bottom, 
beautiful  form,  and  most  generous  qualities. 
In  such  situations  it  almost  seems  as  if  a 
man  changes  his  nature  with  his  horse.  I 
felt  quite  like  another  being,  now  that  I  had 


^^ 


S16  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

an  animal  under  me  spirited  yet  gentle,  do- 
cile to  a  remarkable  degree,  and  easy,  elastic, 
and  rapid  in  all  his  movements.  In  a  few 
days  he  became  almost  as  much  attached  to 
me  as  a  dog  ;  would  follow  me  when  I  dis- 
mounted ;  would  come  to  me  in  the  morning 
to  be  noticed  and  caressed  ;  and  would  put 
his  muzzle  between  me  and  my  book  as  I  sat 
reading  at  the  foot  of  a  tree.  The  feeling  I 
had  for  this  my  dumb  companion  of  the 
prairies  gave  me  some  faint  idea  of  that  at- 
tachment the  Arab  is  said  to  entertain  for 
the  horse  that  has  borne  him  about  the 
deserts. 

After  riding  a  few  miles  farther,  we  came 
to  a  fine  meadow  with  a  broad  clear  stream 
winding  through  it,  on  the  banks  of  which 
there  was  excellent  pasturage.  Here  we  at 
once  came  to  a  halt  in  a  beautiful  grove  of 
elms,  on  the  site  of  an  old  Osage  encamp- 
ment. Scarcely  had  we  dismounted,  when  a 
universal  firing  of  rifles  took  place  upon  a 
large  flock  of  turkeys,  scattered  about  the 
grove,  which  proved  to  be  a  favourite  roost- 


BUFFALO    HUNT.  217 

ing"-place  for  these  simple  birds.  They  flew 
to  the  trees,  and  sat  perched  upon  their 
branches,  stretching  out  their  long  necks  and 
gazing  in  stupid  astonishment,  until  eighteen 
of  them  were  shot  down. 

In  the  height  of  the  carnage  word  was 
brought  that  there  were  four  buffaloes  in  a 
neighbouring  meadow.  The  turkeys  were 
now  abandoned  for  nobler  game.  The  tired 
horses  were  again  mounted,  and  urged  to  the 
chase.  In  a  little  while  we  came  in  sight 
of  the  buffaloes,  looking  like  brown  hillocks 
among  the  long  green  herbage.  Beatte  en- 
deavoured to  get  ahead  of  them  and  turn 
them  towards  us,  that  the  inexperienced 
hunters  might  have  a  chance.  They  ran 
round  the  base  of  a  rocky  hill  that  hid  us 
from  the  sight.  Some  of  us  endeavoured  to 
cut  across  the  hill,  but  became  entangled  in 
a  thick  wood,  matted  with  gTape  vines.  My 
horse,  who  under  his  former  rider  had  hunted 
the  buffalo,  seemed  as  much  excited  as  my- 
self, and  endeavoured  to  force  his  way  through 
the  bushes.      At  length  we  extricated  our- 

L 


gl8  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

selves,  and,  galloping  over  the  hill,  I  found 
our  li,ttle  Frenchman,  Tonish,  curvetting  on 
horseback  round   a  great  buffalo  wliich   he 
had  wounded  too  severely  to  flee,  and  which 
he   was  keeping  employed  until  we  should 
come  up.    There  was  a  mixture  of  the  grand 
and  the  comic  in  beholding  this  tremendous 
animal  and  his  fantastic  assailant.     The  buf- 
falo stood  with  his  shaggy  front  always  pre 
sented  to  his  foe,  his  mouth  open,  his  tongue 
parched,  his  eyes  like  coals  of  fire,  and  his 
tail  erect  with  rage  ;   every  noAv  and  then  he 
would  make  a  faint  rush  upon  his  foe,  who 
easily  evaded  his  attack,  capering  and  cutting 
all  kinds  of  antics  before  him.   We  now  made 
repeated  shots  at  the  buffalo,  but  they  glanced 
into  his  mountain  of  flesh  without  proving 
mortal.     He  made  a  slow  and  grand  retreat 
into  the  shallow  river,  turning  upon  his  as- 
sailants whenever  they  pressed  upon  him  5 
and,  when  in  the  water,  took  his  stand  there, 
as  if  prepared  to  sustain  a  siege.     A  rifle 
ball,  however,   more  fatally  lodged,  sent  a 
tremour  through  his  frame.     He  turned  and 


BUFFALO    HUNT.  S19 

attempted  to  wade  across  the  stream  ;  but, 
after  tottering  a  few  paces,  slowly  fell  upon 
his  side  and  expired.  It  was  the  fall  of  a 
hero,  and  we  felt  somewhat  ashamed  of  the 
butchery  that  had  effected  it ;  but,  after  the 
first  shot  or  two,  we  had  reconciled  it  to  our 
feelings  by  the  old  plea  of  putting  the  poor 
animal  out  of  his  misery. 

Two  other  buffaloes  were  killed  this  even- 
ing, but  they  were  all  bulls,  whose  flesh  is 
meagre  and  hard  at  this  season  of  the  year. 
A  fat  buck  yielded  us  much  more  savoury 
meat  for  our  evening's  repast. 


L   2 


220  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XXV. 

RINGING    THE    WILD    HORSE. 

We  left  the  buffalo  camp  about  eight  o'clock, 
and  had  a  toilsome  and  harassing  march  of 
two  hours  over  ridges  of  hills  covered  with  a 
ragged  meagre  forest  of  scrub  oaks  and 
broken  by  deep  gullies.  Among  the  oaks  I 
observed  many  of  the  most  diminutive  size, 
some  not  above  a  foot  high,  yet  bearing 
abundance  of  small  acorns.  The  whole  of 
the  Cross  Timbers,  in  fact,  abound  with  mast. 
There  is  a  pine  oak  which  produces  an  acorn 
pleasant  to  the  taste,  and  ripening  early  in 
the  season. 

About  ten  o'clock  in  the  morning  w^e  came 
to  where  this  line  of  rugged  hills  sw^ept  down 
into  a  valley  through  which  flowed  the  north 
fork  of  the  Red  River.    A  beautiful  meadow 


WILD    HORSES. BUFFALOES.        ^'21 

about  half  a  mile  wide,  enamelled  with  yel- 
low autumnal  flowers,  stretched  for  two  or 
three  miles  along  the  foot  of  the  hills,  bor- 
dered on  the  opposite  side  by  the  river,  whose 
banks  were  fringed  with  cotton-wood  trees, 
the  bright  foliage  of  which  refreshed  and  de- 
lighted the  eye,  after  being  wearied  by  the 
contemplation  of  monotonous  wastes  of  brown 
forest. 

The  meadow  was  finely  diversified  by 
groves  and  clumps  of  trees,  so  happily  dis- 
posed, that  they  seemed  as  if  set  out  by  the 
hand  of  art.  As  we  cast  our  eyes  over  this 
fresh  and  delightful  valley,  we  beheld  a  troop 
of  wild  horses  quietly  grazing  on  a  green 
lawn  about  a  mile  distant  to  our  right,  while 
to  our  left,  at  nearly  the  same  distance,  were 
several  buffaloes,  some  feeding,  others  re- 
posing and  ruminating  among  the  high  rich 
herbage,  under  the  shade  of  a  clump  of  cotton- 
wood  trees.  The  whole  had  the  appearance 
of  a  broad  beautiful  tract  of  pasture  land,  on 
the  highly  ornamented  estate  of  some  gentle- 

L  3 


TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

man  farmer,  with  his  cattle  grazing  about 
the  lawns  and  meadows. 

A  council  of  war  was  now  held,  and  it 
was  determined  to  profit  by  the  present 
favourable  opportunity,  and  try  our  hand  at 
the  grand  hunting  manoeuvre,  which  is  called 
ringing  the  wild  horse.  This  requires  a  large 
party  of  horsemen  well  mounted.  They  ex- 
tend themselves  in  each  direction  singly,  at 
certain  distances  apart,  and  gradually  form  a 
ring  of  two  or  three  miles  in  circumference, 
so  as  to  surround  the  game.  This  has  to  be 
done  with  extreme  care ;  for  the  wild  horse  is 
the  most  readily  alarmed  inhabitant  of  the 
prairie,  and  can  scent  a  hunter  at  a  great 
distance,  if  to  windward. 

The  ring  being  formed,  two  or  three 
hunters  ride  towards  the  horses,  who  start  off 
in  an  opposite  direction.  Wlierever  they  ap- 
proach the  bounds  of  the  ring,  however,  a 
huntsman  presents  himself  and  turns  them 
from  their  course.  In  this  way  they  are 
checked  and  driven  back  at  every  point,  and 
kept  galloping  round  and  round  this  magic 


RINGING    THE    WILD    HORSE.        223 

circle,  until,  being  completely  tired  down,  it 
is  easy  for  the  hunters  to  ride  up  beside  them 
and  throw  the  lariat  over  their  heads.  The 
prime  horses  of  most  speed,  courage,  and 
bottom,  however,  are  apt  to  break  through 
and  escape  ;  so  that,  in  general,  it  is  the 
second-rate  horses  that  are  taken. 

Preparations  were  now  made  for  a  hunt  of 
this  kind.  The  pack-horses  were  taken  into 
the  woods,  and  firmly  tied  to  trees,  lest,  in  a 
rush  of  the  wild  horses,  they  should  break 
away  with  them.  Twenty-five  men  were 
then  sent  under  the  command  of  a  lieutenant 
to  steal  along  the  edge  of  the  valley  within 
the  strip  of  woods  that  skirted  the  hills. 
They  were  to  station  themselves  about  fifty 
yards  apart,  within  the  edge  of  the  woods, 
and  not  to  advance  or  show  themselves  until 
the  horses  dashed  in  that  direction.  Twenty- 
five  men  were  sent  across  the  valley  to  steal 
in  like  manner  along  the  river  bank  that 
bordered  the  opposite  side,  and  to  station 
themselves  among  the  trees.  A  third  party, 
of  about  the  same  number,  was  to  form  a 

L  4 


224  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

line  stretching  across  the  lower  part  of  the 
valley,  so  as  to  connect  the  two  wings. 
Beatte,  and  our  other  half-breed  Antoine, 
together  with  the  ever-officious  Tonish,  were 
to  make  a  circuit  through  the  woods  so  as  to 
get  to  the  upper  part  of  the  valley  in  the  rear 
of  the  horses,  and  to  drive  them  forward  into 
the  kind  of  sack  that  we  had  formed  ;  while 
the  two  wings  should  join  behind  them  and 
make  a  complete  circle. 

The  flanking  parties  were  quietly  extend- 
ing themselves,  out  of  sight,  on  each  side  of 
the  valley,  and  the  residue  were  stretching 
themselves,  like  the  links  of  a  chain,  across 
it,  when  the  wild  horses  gave  signs  that  they 
scented  an  enemy  ;  snuffing  the  air,  snort- 
ing, and  looking  about.  At  length  they 
pranced  off  slowly  toward  the  river,  and  dis- 
appeared behind  a  green  bank.  Here,  had 
the  regulations  of  the  chase  been  observed, 
they  would  have  been  quietly  checked  and 
turned  by  the  advance  of  a  hunter  from 
among  the  trees  :  unluckily,  however,  we 
had  our  wildfire,  Jack-a-lantern  little  French- 


WILD    HORSE    CHASE.  2^5 

man  to  deal  with.  Instead  of  keeping  quietly 
up  the  right  side  of  the  valley,  to  get  above 
the  horses,  the  moment  he  saw  them  move 
towards  the  river,  he  broke  out  of  the  covert 
of  woods  and  dashed  furiously  across  the 
plain  in  pursuit  of  them  ;  being  mounted  on 
one  of  the  led  horses  belonging  to  the  Count. 
This  put  an  end  to  all  system.  The  half- 
breeds,  and  half  a  score  of  rangers,  joined  in 
the  chase.  Away  they  all  went  over  the 
green  bank  ;  in  a  moment  or  two  the  wild 
horses  re-appeared,  and  came  thundering 
down  the  valley,  with  Frenchman,  half-breeds, 
and  rangers  galloping  like  mad,  and  yelling 
like  devils  behind  them.  It  was  in  vain  that 
the  line  drawn  across  the  valley  attempted  to 
check  and  turn  back  the  fugitives.  They 
were  too  hotly  pressed  by  their  pursuers.  In 
their  panic  they  dashed  through  the  line,  and 
clattered  down  the  plain.  The  whole  troop 
joined  in  the  headlong  chase  }  some  of  the 
rangers  Avithout  hats  or  caps,  their  hair 
flying  about  their  eyes,  others  with  handker- 
chiefs tied  round  their  heads.     The  buffaloes, 

L  5 


226  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

that  had  been  calmly  ruminating  among  the 
herbage,  heaved  up  their  huge  forms,  gazed 
for  a  moment  with  astonishment  at  the  tem- 
pest that  came  scouring  down  the  meadow, 
then  turned  and  took  to  heavy  rolling  flight. 
They  were  soon  overtaken  :  the  promiscuous 
throng  were  pressed  together  by  the  contract- 
ing sides  of  the  valley,  and  away  they  went 
pell-mell — hurry-scurry — wild  buffalo,  wild 
horse,  wild  huntsman,  with  clang  and  clatter, 
and  whoop  and  halloo,  that  made  the  forests 
ring. 

At  length  the  buffaloes  turned  into  a 
green  brake  on  the  river  bank  ;  while  the 
horses  dashed  upon  a  narrow  defile  of  the 
hills  with  their  pursuers  close  at  their  heels. 
Beatte  passed  several  of  these,  having  fixed 
his  eye  upon  a  fine  Pawnee  horse  that  had 
his  ears  slit  and  saddle-marks  on  his  back. 
He  pressed  him  gallantly,  but  lost  him  in  the 
woods.  Among  the  wild  horses  was  a  fine 
black  mare  far  gone  with  foal.  In  scram- 
bling up  the  defile  she  tripped  and  fell.  A 
young  ranger   sprang  from  his  horse  and 


A    WILD    MARE    CAUGHT.  £^7 

seized  her  by  the  mane  and  muzzle.  Another 
ranger  dismounted  and  came  to  his  assist- 
ance. The  mare  struggled  fiercely,  kicking 
and  biting  and  striking  with  her  fore  feet ; 
but  a  noose  was  slipped  over  her  head,  and 
her  struggles  were  in  vain.  It  was  some  time, 
however,  before  she  gave  over  rearing  and 
plunging  and  lashing  out  with  her  feet  on 
every  side.  The  two  rangers  then  led  her 
along  the  valley  by  two  long  lariats,  which 
enabled  them  to  keep  at  a  sufficient  distance 
on  each  side  to  be  out  of  the  reach  of  her 
hoofs,  and  whenever  she  struck  out  in  one 
direction  she  was  jerked  in  the  other.  In 
this  way  her  spirit  was  gradually  subdued. 

As  to  that  little  scaramouch,  Tonish,  who 
had  marred  the  whole  scheme  by  his  pre- 
cipitancy, he  had  been  more  successful  than 
he  deserved,  having  managed  to  catch  a 
beautiful  cream-coloured  colt,  about  seven 
months  old,  that  had  not  strength  to  keep  up 
with  his  companions.  The  mercurial  little 
Frenchman  was  beside  himself  with  exult- 
ation.    It  was  amusing  to  see  him  with  his 

L  6 


228  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

prize.  The  colt  would  rear  and  kick  and 
struggle  to  get  free,  while  Tonish  would 
take  him  about  the  neck,  wrestle  with  him, 
jump  on  his  back,  and  cut  as  many  antics  as 
a  monkey  with  a  kitten.  Nothing  surprised 
me  more,  however,  than  to  witness  how  soon 
these  poor  animals,  thus  taken  from  the  un- 
bounded freedom  of  the  prairie,  yielded  to 
the  dominion  of  man.  In  the  course  of  two 
or  three  days  the  mare  and  the  two  colts 
went  with  the  led  horses  and  became  quite 
docile. 


2^9 


CHAPTER  XXVI. 

FORDING  OF  THE  NORTH   FORK.  —  DREARY  SCENERY 

OF  THE  CROSS    TIMBER. SCAMPER  OF  HORSES  IN 

THE  NIGHT.  —  OSAGE  WAR  PARTY. EFFECTS    OF 

A  PEACE  HARANGUE.  —  BUFFALO. — WILD  HORSE. 

Resuming  our  march,  we  forded  the  North 
Fork,  a  rapid  stream,  and  of  a  purity  seldom 
to  be  found  in  the  prairies.  It  evidently  had 
its  sources  in  high  land,  well  supplied  with 
springs.  After  crossing  the  river  we  again 
ascended  among  hills,  from  one  of  which  we 
had  an  extensive  view  over  this  belt  of  Cross 
Timber ;  and  a  cheerless  prospect  it  was :  hill 
beyond  hill,  forest  beyond  forest,  all  of  one  sad 
russet  hue,  excepting  that,  here  and  there,  a 
line  of  green  cotton-wood  trees,  sycamores, 
and  willow^s  marked  the  course  of  some 
streamlet  through  a  valley.  A  procession  of 
buffaloes,    moving   slowly  up  the  profile  of 


230  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

one  of  those  distant  hills,  formed  a  charac- 
teristic object  in  the  savage  scene.  To  the 
left,  the  eye  stretched  beyond  this  rugged 
wilderness  of  hills,  and  ravines,  and  ragged 
forests,  to  a  prairie  about  ten  miles  off,  ex- 
tending in  a  clear  blue  line  along  the  hori- 
zon. It  was  like  looking  from  among  rocks 
and  breakers  upon  a  distant  tract  of  tranquil 
ocean.  Unluckily,  our  route  did  not  lie  in 
that  direction  ;  we  still  had  to  traverse  many 
a  weary  mile  of  the  Cross  Timber. 

We  encamped,  towards  evening,  in  a 
valley,  beside  a  scanty  pool,  under  a  scat- 
tered grove  of  elms,  the  upper  branches  of 
which  were  fringed  with  tufts  of  the  mystic 
mistletoe.  In  the  course  of  the  night  the 
wild  colt  whinnied  repeatedly  ;  and  about 
two  hours  before  day  there  was  a  stampedo, 
or  sudden  rush  of  horses,  along  the  purlieus 
of  the  camp,  with  a  snorting,  and  neighing, 
and  a  clattering  of  hoofs,  that  startled  most 
of  the  rangers  from  their  sleep,  who  listened 
in  silence  until  the  sound  died  away,  like 
the  rushing"  of  a  blast.     As  usual,  the  noise 


A    '*  STAMPEDO."  231 

was  at  first  attributed  to  some  party  of  ma- 
rauding Indians  ;  but,  as  the  day  dawned,  a 
couple  of  wild  horses  were  seen  in  a  neigh- 
bouring meadow,  which  scoured  off  on  being 
approached.  It  was  now  supposed  that  a 
gang  of  them  had  dashed  through  our  camp 
in  the  night.  A  general  mustering  of  our 
horses  took  place  ;  many  were  found  scat- 
tered to  a  considerable  distance,  and  several 
were  not  to  be  found.  The  prints  of  their 
hoofs,  however,  appeared  deeply  dinted  in 
the  soil,  leading  off,  at  full  speed,  into  the 
waste;  and  their  owners,  putting  themselves 
on  the  trail,  set  off  in  weary  search  of  them. 
We  had  a  ruddy  daybreak ;  but  the  morning 
gathered  up  grey  and  lowering,  with  indi- 
cations of  an  autumnal  storm.  We  resumed 
our  march,  silently  and  seriously,  through  a 
rough  and  cheerless  country,  from  the  highest 
points  of  which  we  descried  large  prairies 
stretching  indefinitely  westward.  After  tra- 
velling for  two  or  three  hours,  as  we  were 
traversing  a  \^dthered  prairie,  resembling  a 
great  brown  heath,  we  beheld  seven  Osage 


232  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

warriors  approaching  at  a  distance.  The 
sight  of  any  human  being  in  this  lonely  wil- 
derness was  interesting ;  it  was  like  speak- 
ing a  ship  at  sea.  One  of  the  Indians  took 
the  lead  of  his  companions,  and  advanced 
towards  us  with  head  erect,  chest  thrown 
forward,  and  a  free  and  noble  mien.  He 
was  a  fine-looking  fellow,  dressed  in  scarlet 
frock  and  fringed  leggings  of  deerskin  ; 
his  head  was  decorated  with  a  white  tuft ;  and 
he  stepped  forward  with  something  of  a 
martial  air,  swaying  his  bow  and  arrows 
in  one  hand. 

We  held  some  conversation  with  him, 
through  our  interpreter,  Beatte,  and  found 
that  he  and  his  companions  had  been  with 
the  main  part  of  their  tribe  hunting  the  buf- 
falo, and  had  met  with  great  success ;  and 
he  informed  us  that,  in  the  course  of  another 
day's  march,  we  should  reach  the  prairies  on 
the  banks  of  the  Grand  Canadian,  and  find 
plenty  of  game.  He  added,  that,  as  their 
hunt  was  over,  and  the  hunters  on  their  re- 
turn homeward,  he  and  his  comrades  had  set 


OSAGE    WAR    PARTY.  ^33 

out  on  a  war  party,  to  waylay  and  hover 
about  some  Pawnee  camp,  in  hopes  of  car- 
rying* off  scalps  or  horses. 

By  this  time  his  companions,  who  at  first 
stood  aloof,  joined  him.  Three  of  them 
had  indifferent  fowling-pieces,  the  rest  were 
armed  with  bows  and  arrows.  I  could  not 
but  admire  the  finely  shaped  heads  and  busts 
of  these  savages,  and  their  graceful  attitudes 
and  expressive  gestures,  as  they  stood  con- 
versing with  our  interpreter,  and  surrounded 
by  a  cavalcade  of  rangers.  We  endeavoured 
to  get  one  of  them  to  join  us,  as  we  were 
desirous  of  seeing  him  hunt  the  buffalo  with 
his  bow  and  arrow.  He  seemed  at  first 
somewhat  inclined  to  do  so,  but  was  dis- 
suaded by  his  companions.  The  worthy 
Commissioner  now  remembered  his  mission 
as  pacificator,  and  made  them  a  speech,  ex- 
horting them  to  abstain  from  all  offensive 
acts  against  the  Pawnees  ;  informing  them 
of  the  plan  of  their  Father,  at  Washington, 
to  put  an  end  to  all  war  among  his  red 
children ;   and  assuring  them  that  he  was 


234  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

sent  to  the  frontier  to  establish  a  universal 
peace.  He  told  them,  therefore,  to  return 
quietly  to  their  homes,  with  the  certainty 
that  the  Pawnees  would  no  longer  molest 
them,  but  would  soon  regard  them  as 
brothers. 

The  Indians  listened  to  the  speech  with 
their  customary  silence  and  decorum ;  after 
which,  exchanging  a  few  words  among  them- 
selves, they  bade  us  farewell,  and  pursued 
their  way  across  the  prairie. 

Fancying  that  I  saw  a  lurking  smile  in 
the  countenance  of  our  interpreter,  Beatte,  I 
privately  enquired  what  the  Indians  had  said 
to  each  other  after  hearing  the  speech.  The 
leader,  he  said,  had  observed  to  his  com- 
panions, that,  as  their  g-reat  Father  intended 
so  soon  to  put  an  end  to  all  warfare,  it 
behoved  them  to  make  the  most  of  the  little 
time  that  was  left  them  —  so  they  had 
departed  with  redoubled  zeal  to  pursue  their 
project  of  horse-stealing ! 

We  had  not  long  parted  from  the  Indians 
before  we  discovered  three  buffaloes  among 


BUFFALO    CHASE.  Qo5 

the  thickets  of  a  marshy  valley  to  our  left. 
I  set  off  with  the  Captain  and  several  rangers 
in  pursuit  of  them.  Stealing  through  a 
straggling  grove,  the  Captain,  who  took  the 
lead,  got  within  rifle  shot,  and  wounded  one 
of  them  in  the  flank.  They  all  three  made 
off  in  headlong  panic,  through  thickets  and 
brushwood,  and  swamp  and  mire,  bearing 
down  every  obstacle  by  their  immense  weight. 
The  Captain  and  rangers  soon  gave  up  a 
chase  which  threatened  to  knock  up  their 
horses :  I  had  got  upon  the  traces  of  the 
wounded  bull,  however,  and  was  in  hopes  of 
getting  near  enough  to  use  my  pistols,  the 
only  weapons  with  which  I  was  provided, 
but,  before  I  could  effect  it,  he  reached  the 
foot  of  a  rocky  hill  covered  with  post  oak 
and  brambles,  and  plunged  forward,  dashing 
and  crashing  along  with  neck-or-nothing 
fury,  where  it  would  have  been  madness  to 
follow  him. 

The  chase  had  led  me  so  far  on  one  side, 
that  it  was  some  time  before  I  regained  the 
trail  of  our  troop.     As  I  was  slowly  ascend- 


236  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ing  a  hill,  a  fine  black  mare  came  prancing 
round  the  summit  and  was  close  to  me  before 
she  was  aware.  At  sight  of  me  she  started 
back  ;  then,  turning,  swept  at  full  speed  down 
into  the  valley  and  up  the  opposite  hill,  with 
flowing  mane  and  tail  and  action  free  as  air. 
I  gazed  after  her  as  long  as  she  was  in  sight, 
and  breathed  a  wish  that  so  glorious  an  ani- 
mal might  never  come  under  the  degrading 
thraldom  of  whip  and  curb,  but  remain  a  free 
rover  of  the  prairies. 


S37 


CHAPTER  XXVII. 


FOUL-WEATHER     ENCAMPMENT. ANECDOTES      OF 

BEAR-HUNTING. —  INDIAN  NOTIONS  ABOUT  OMENS. 
SCRUPLES    RESPECTING    THE    DEAD. 


On  overtaking  the  troop,  I  found  it  encamp- 
ing in  a  rich  bottom  of  woodland,  traversed 
by  a  small  stream,  running  between  deep 
crumbling  banks.  A  sharp  cracking  off  of 
rifles  was  kept  up  for  some  time  in  various 
directions,  upon  a  numerous  flock  of  turkeys, 
scampering  among  the  thickets,  or  perched 
upon  the  trees.  We  had  not  been  long  at  a 
halt  when  a  drizzling  rain  ushered  in  the 
autumnal  storm  that  had  been  brewing. 
Preparations  were  immediately  made  to 
weather  it.  Our  tent  was  pitched,  and  our 
saddles,  saddle-bags,  packages  of  coffee, 
sugar,  salt,  and  every  thing  else  that  could 


S38  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

be  damaged  by  the  rain,  were  gathered  under 
its  shelter.  Our  men,  Beatte,  Tonish,  and 
Antoine  drove  stakes  with  forked  ends  into 
the  ground,  laid  poles  across  them  for 
rafters,  and  thus  made  a  shed  or  penthouse, 
covered  with  bark  and  skins,  sloping  towards 
the  wind,  and  open  towards  the  fire.  The 
rangers  formed  similar  shelters  of  bark  and 
skins,  or  of  blankets  stretched  on  poles,  sup- 
ported by  forked  stakes,  ^vith  great  fires  in 
front. 

These  precautions  were  well  timed.  The 
rain  set  in  sullenly  and  steadily,  and  kept  on, 
^vith  slight  intermissions,  for  two  days.  The 
brook,  which  flowed  peaceably  on  our  arrival, 
swelled  intoaturbid  and  boiling  torrent,  andthe 
forest  became  little  better  than  a  mere  swamp. 
The  men  gathered  under  their  shelters  of  skins 
and  blankets,  or  sat  cowering  round  their  fires ; 
while  columns  of  smoke,  curling  up  among 
the  trees,  and  diffusing  themselves  in  the  air, 
spread  a  blue  haze  through  the  woodland. 
Our  poor  way-worn  horses,  reduced  by  weary 
travel  and  scanty  pasturage,  lost  all  remain- 


FOUL-WEATHER    ENCAMPMENT.      239 

ing  spirit,  and  stood  with  drooping  head, 
flagging  ears,  and  half-closed  eyes,  dozing 
and  steaming  in  the  rain  ;  while  the  yellow 
autumnal  leaves,  at  every  shaking  of  the 
breeze,  came  wavering  down  around  them. 

Notwithstanding  the  bad  weather,  however, 
our  hunters  were  not  idle,  but,  during  the 
intervals  of  the  rain,  sallied  forth  on  horse- 
back to  prowl  through  the  woodland.  Every 
now  and  then  the  sharp  report  of  a  distant 
rifle  boded  the  death  of  a  deer.  Venison  in 
abundance  was  brought  in.  Some  busied 
themselves  under  the  shed,  flaying  and  cut- 
ting up  the  carcasses,  or  round  the  fires,  wdth 
spits  and  camp-kettles  ;  and  a  rude  kind  of 
feasting,  or  rather  gormandising,  prevailed 
throughout  the  camp.  The  axe  was  con- 
tinually at  work,  and  wearied  the  forest  with 
its  echoes.  Crash  !  some  mighty  tree  would 
come  down ;  in  a  few  minutes  its  limbs 
would  be  blazing  and  crackling  on  the  huge 
camp  fires,  with  some  luckless  deer  roasting 
before  it,  that  had  once  sported  beneath  its 
shade. 


240  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

The  change  of  weather  had  taken  sharp 
hold  of  our  httle  Frenchman.  His  meagre 
frame,  composed  of  bones  and  whip-cord,  was 
racked  with  rheumatic  pains  and  twinges. 
He  had  the  toothache,  the  earache ;  his  face 
was  tied  up ;  he  had  shooting  pains  in 
every  Umb  :  yet  all  seemed  but  to  increase 
his  restless  activity ;  and  he  was  in  an  inces- 
sant fidget  about  the  fire,  roasting,  and 
stewing,  and  groaning,  and  scolding,  and 
swearing. 

Our  man  Beatte  returned  grim  and  mor- 
tified from  hunting.  He  had  come  upon  a 
bear  of  formidable  dimensions,  and  wounded 
him  with  a  rifle  shot.  The  bear  took  to  the 
brook,  which  was  swollen  and  rapid.  Beatte 
dashed  in  after  him,  and  assailed  him  in  the 
rear  with  his  hunting-knife.  At  every  blow 
the  bear  turned  furiously  upon  him,  with  a 
terrific  display  of  white  teeth.  Beatte,  having 
a  foot-hold  in  the  brook,  was  enabled  to 
push  him  off  with  his  rifle;  and,  when  he 
turned  to  swim,  would  flounder  after,  and 
attempt  to  hamstring  him.      The  bear,  how- 


THE    GRIZZLY    BEAR.  241 

ever,  succeeded  in  scrambling  off  among 
the  thickets,  and  Beatte  had  to  give  up  the 
chase. 

His  adventure,  if  it  produced  no  game, 
brought  up  at  least  several  anecdotes,  round 
the  evening  fire,  relative  to  bear-hunting,  in 
which  the  grizzly  bear  figured  conspicuously. 
This  powerful  and  ferocious  animal  is  a  fa- 
vourite theme  of  hunters'  story,  both  among 
red  and  white  men;  and  his  enormous  claws 
are  worn  round  the  neck  of  an  Indian  brave 
as  a  trophy  more  honourable  than  a  human 
scalp.  He  is  now  rarely  seen  below  the 
upper  prairies  and  the  skirts  of  the  Rocky 
Mountains.  Other  bears  are  formidable  when 
wounded  and  provoked,  but  seldom  make 
battle  when  allowed  to  escape.  The  grizzly 
bear  alone,  of  all  the  animals  of  our  western 
wilds,  is  prone  to  unprovoked  hostility.  His 
prodigious  size  and  strength  make  him  a 
formidable  opponent,  and  his  great  tenacity 
of  life  often  baffles  the  skill  of  the  hunter, 
notwithstanding  repeated  shots  of  the  rifle 
and  wounds  of  the  hunting-knife. 

M 


242  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

One  of  the  anecdotes  related  on  this  occa- 
sion gave  a  picture  of  the  accidents  and  hard 
shifts  to  which  our  frontier  rovers  are  inured. 
A  hunter,  while  in  pursuit  of  a  deer,  fell  into 
one  of  those  deep  funnel-shaped  pits,  formed 
on  the  prairies  by  the  settling  of  the  waters 
after  heavy  rains,  and  known  by  the  name  of 
sink-holes.  To  his  great  horror,  he  came  in 
contact,  at  the  bottom,  with  a  huge  grizzly 
bear.  The  monster  grappled  him  :  a  deadly 
contest  ensued,  in  which  the  poor  hunter  was 
severely  torn  and  bitten,  and  had  a  leg  and 
an  arm  broken,  but  succeeded  in  killing  his 
rugged  foe.  For  several  days  he  remained 
at  the  bottom  of  the  pit,  too  much  crippled  to 
move,  and  subsisting  on  the  raw  flesh  of  the 
bear  ;  during  which  time  he  kept  his  wounds 
open,  that  they  might  heal  gradually  and 
effectually.  He  was  at  length  enabled  to 
scramble  to  the  top  of  the  pit,  and  so  out 
upon  the  open  prairie.  With  great  difficulty 
he  crawled  to  a  ravine  formed  by  a  stream, 
then  nearly  dry.  Here  he  took  a  delicious 
draught  of  water,  which  infused  new  life  into 


ADVENTURES    OF    A    HUNTER,        243 

him ;  then  dragging  himself  along,  from 
pool  to  pool,  he  supported  himself  hy  small 
fish  and  frogs. 

One  day  he  saw  a  wolf  hunt  down  and  kill 
a  deer  in  the  neighbouring  prairie.  He  im- 
mediately crawled  forth  from  the  ravine, 
drove  off  the  wolf,  and,  lying  down  beside 
the  carcass  of  the  deer,  remained  there  until 
he  had  made  several  hearty  meals,  by  which 
his  strength  was  much  recruited. 

Returning  to  the  ravine,  he  pursued  the 
course  of  the  brook  until  it  grew  to  be  a  con- 
siderable stream.  Down  this  he  floated  until 
he  came  to  where  it  emptied  into  the  Missis- 
sippi. Just  at  the  mouth  of  the  stream  he 
found  a  forked  tree,  which  he  launched  with 
some  difficulty,  and,  getting  astride  of  it, 
committed  himself  to  the  current  of  the 
mighty  river.  In  this  way  he  floated  along 
until  he  arrived  opposite  the  fort  at  Council 
Bluffs.  Fortunately,  he  arrived  there  in  the 
daytime,  other\vise  he  might  have  floated 
unnoticed  past  this  solitary  post,  and  have 
perished  in  the  idle  waste  of  waters.     Being 

M    2 


244  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

descried  from  the  Fort,  a  canoe  was  sent  to 
his  relief,  and  he  was  brought  to  shore  more 
dead  than  alive,  where  he  soon  recovered 
from  his  wounds,  but  remained  maimed  for 
Hfe. 

Our  man  Beatte  had  come  out  of  his  con- 
test with  the  bear  very  much  worsted  and 
discomfited.  His  drenching  in  the  brook, 
together  with  the  recent  change  of  weather, 
had  brought  on  rheumatic  pains  in  his  limbs, 
to  which  he  was  subject.  Though  ordinarily 
a  fellow  of  undaunted  spirit,  and  above  all 
hardship,  yet  he  now  sat  down  by  the  fire, 
gloomy  and  dejected,  and  for  once  gave  way 
to  repining.  Though  in  the  prime  of  life, 
and  of  a  robust  frame  and  apparently  iron 
constitution,  yet,  by  his  own  account,  he  was 
little  better  than  a  mere  wreck.  He  was,  in 
fact,  a  living  monument  of  the  hardships  of 
wild  frontier  life.  Baring  his  left  arm,  he 
showed  it  warped  and  contracted  by  a  former 
attack  of  rheumatism,  a  malady  with  which 
the  Indians  are  often  afflicted  ;  for  their  ex- 
posure  to   the   vicissitudes   of  the   elements 


beatte's  history.  245 

does  not  produce  that  perfect  hardihood  and 
insensibihty  to  the  changes  of  the  seasons 
that  many  are  apt  to  imagine.  He  bore  the 
scars  of  various  maims  and  bruises,  some  re- 
ceived in  hunting,  some  in  Indian  warfare. 
His  right  arm  had  been  broken  by  a  fall  from 
his  horse  ;  at  another  time  his  steed  had  fallen 
with  him,  and  broken  his  left  leg. 

"  I  am  all  broke  to  pieces,  and  good  for 
nothing,"  said  he  ;  "  I  no  care  now  what 
happen  to  me  any  more.  However,"  added 
he,  after  a  moment's  pause,  '*  for  all  that,  it 
would  take  a  pretty  strong  man  to  put  me 
down,  any  how." 

I  drew  from  him  various  particulars  con- 
cerning himself,  which  served  to  raise  him  in 
my  estimation.  His  residence  was  on  the 
Neosho,  in  an  Osage  hamlet,  or  neighbour- 
hood, under  the  superintendence  of  a  worthy 
missionary  from  the  banks  of  the  Hudson,  by 
the  name  of  Requa,  who  was  endeavouring 
to  instruct  the  savages  in  the  art  of  agricul- 
ture, and  to  make  husbandmen  and  herds- 
men of  them.    I  had  visited  this  agricultural 

M  3 


246  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

mission  of  Requa  in  the  course  of  my  recent 
tour  along  the  frontier,  and  had  considered 
it  more  hkely  to  eventuate  in  sohd  advan- 
tage to  the  poor  Indians,  than  any  of  the 
mere  praying  and  preaching  missions  along 
the  border. 

In  this  neiofhbourhood  Pierre  Beatte  had  his 
little  farm,  his  Indian  wife,  and  his  half-breed 
children  ;  and  aided  Mr.  Requa  in  his  en- 
deavours to  civilise  the  habits  and  meliorate 
the  condition  of  the  Osage  tribe.  Beatte  had 
been  brought  up  a  Catholic,  and  was  inflex- 
ible in  his  religious  faith  :  he  could  not  pray 
with  Mr.  Requa,  he  said,  but  he  could  work 
with  him,  and  he  evinced  a  great  zeal  for  the 
good  of  his  savage  relatives  and  neighbours. 
Indeed,  though  his  father  had  been  French, 
and  he  himself  had  been  brought  up  in  com- 
munion with  the  whites,  he  evidently  was 
more  of  an  Indian  in  his  tastes,  and  his 
heart  yearned  towards  his  mother's  nation. 
When  he  talked  to  me  of  the  wrongs  and 
insults  that  the  poor  Indians  suffered  in  their 
intercourse  with  the  rough   settlers   on   the 


beatte's  history.  247 

frontiers  ;  when  he  described  the  precarious 
and  degraded  state  of  the  Osage  tribe,  di- 
minished in  numbers,  broken  in  spirit,  and 
almost  Hvinff  on  sufferance  in  the  land  where 
they  once  figured  so  heroically,  I  could  see 
his  veins  swell  and  his  nostrils  distend  with 
indignation  ;  but  he  would  check  the  feeling 
with  a  strong  exertion  of  Indian  self-com- 
mand, and,  in  a  manner,  drive  it  back  into 
his  bosom. 

He  did  not  hesitate  to  relate  an  instance 
wherein  he  had  joined  his  kindred  Osages, 
in  pursuing  and  avenging  themselves  on  a 
party  of  white  men  who  had  committed  a 
flagrant  outrage  upon  them  ;  and  I  found,  in 
the  encounter  that  took  place,  Beatte  had 
shown  himself  the  complete  Indian. 

He  had  more  than  once  accompanied  his 
Osaofe  relatives  in  their  wars  with  the  Paw- 
nees,  and  related  a  skirmish  which  took 
place  on  the  borders  of  these  very  hunting- 
grounds,  in  which  several  Pawnees  were 
killed.  We  should  pass  near  the  place,  he 
said,  in  the  course  of  our  tour,  and  the  un- 

M  4 


248  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

buried  bones  and  skulls  of  the  slain  were  still 
to  be  seen  there. 

The  surgeon  of  the  troop,  who  was  pre- 
sent at  our  conversation,  pricked  up  his  ears 
at  this  intelligence.  He  was  something  of 
a  phrenologist,  and  offered  Beatte  a  hand- 
some reward  if  he  would  procure  him  one  of 
the  skulls. 

Beatte  regarded  him  for  a  moment  with  a 
look  of  stern  surprise. 

"  No  !"  said  he,  at  length,  ''  dat  too  bad ! 
I  have  a  heart  strong  enough — I  no  care  kill — 
but  let  de  dead  (done  /"  He  added,  that  once, 
in  travelling  with  a  party  of  white  men,  he 
had  slept  in  the  same  tent  with  a  doctor,  and 
found  that  he  had  a  Pawnee  skull  among  his 
baggage  :  he  at  once  renounced  the  doctor's 
tent  and  his  fellowship.  *'  He  try  to  coax 
me,"  said  Beatte,  "but  I  say  no  —  we  must 
part  —  I  no  keep  such  company." 

In  the  temporary  depression  of  his  spirits, 
Beatte  gave  way  to  those  superstitious  fore- 
bodings to  which  Indians  are  prone  :  he  had 
sat  for  some  time,  with  his  cheek  upon  his 


OMENS.  249 

hand,  gazing  into  the  fire.  I  found  his 
thoughts  were  wandering  back  to  his  humble 
home  on  the  banks  of  the  Neosho  :  he  was 
sure,  he  said,  that  he  should  find  some  one 
of  his  family  ill,  or  dead,  on  his  return ;  his 
left  eye  had  twitched  and  twinkled  for  two 
days  past ;  an  omen  which  always  boded 
some  misfortune  of  the  kind. 

Such  are  the  trivial  circumstances  which, 
when  magnified  into  omens,  will  shake  the 
souls  of  these  men  of  iron.  The  least  sign 
of  mystic  and  sinister  portent  is  sufficient  to 
turn  a  hunter  or  a  warrior  from  his  course, 
or  to  fill  his  mind  with  apprehensions  of 
impending  evil.  It  is  this  superstitious  pro- 
pensity, common  to  the  solitary  and  savage 
rovers  of  the  wilderness,  that  gives  such 
powerful  influence  to  the  prophet  and  the 
dreamer. 

The  Osages,  with  whom  Beatte  had  passed 
much  of  his  life,  retain  their  superstitious 
fancies  and  rites  in  much  of  their  original 
force.  They  all  believe  in  the  existence  of 
the  soul  after  its  separation  from  the  body, 

M  5 


250  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

and  that  it  carries  with  it  all  its  mortal  tastes 
and  habitudes.  At  an  Osage  village  in 
Beatte's  neighbourhood,  one  of  the  chief 
warriors  lost  an  only  child,  a  beautiful  girl  of 
a  very  tender  age.  All  her  playthings  were 
buried  with  her.  Her  favourite  little  horse, 
also,  was  killed  and  laid  in  the  grave  beside 
her,  that  she  might  have  it  to  ride  in  the 
land  of  spirits. 

I  will  here  add  a  little  story,  which  I  picked 
up  in  the  course  of  my  tour  through  Beatte's 
country,  and  which  illustrates  the  supersti- 
tions of  his  Osage  kindred.  A  large  party 
of  Osages  had  been  encamped  for  some  time 
on  the  borders  of  a  fine  stream,  called  the 
Nick-a-nanse.  Among  them  was  a  young 
hunter,  one  of  the  bravest  and  most  graceful 
of  the  tribe,  who  was  to  be  married  to  an 
Osage  girl,  who  for  her  beauty  was  called 
the  Flower  of  the  Prairies.  The  young  hunter 
left  her  for  a  time  among  her  relatives  in  the 
encampment,  and  went  to  St.  Louis  to  dis- 
pose of  the  products  of  his  hunting,  and  pur- 
chase ornaments  for  his  bride. 


/ 


INDIAN    STORY.  251 

After  an  absence  of  some  weeks,  he  re- 
turned to  the  banks  of  the  Nick-a-nanse  ;  but 
the  camp  was  no  longer  there.  The  bare 
frames  of  the  lodges,  and  the  brands  of  ex- 
tinguished fires,  alone  marked  the  place. 

At  a  distance  he  beheld  a  female  seated, 
as  if  weeping,  by  the  side  of  the  stream.  It 
was  his  affianced  bride.  He  ran  to  embrace 
her,  but  she  turned  mournfully  away.  He 
dreaded  lest  some  evil  had  befallen  the  camp. 

'*  Where  are  our  people?"  cried  he. 

*'  They  are  gone  to  the  banks  of  the  Wag- 
rushka." 

"  And  what  art  thou  doing  here  alone?" 

'*  Waiting  for  thee." 

**  Then  let  us  haste  to  join  our  people  on 
the  banks  of  the  Wagrushka." 

He  gave  her  his  pack  to  carry,  and  walked 
ahead,  according  to  Indian  custom. 

They  came  to  where  the  smoke  of  the  dis- 
tant camp  was  seen  rising  from  the  woody 
margin  of  the  stream. 

The  girl   seated  herself  at  the  foot  of  a 

M  6 


252  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

tree.      "It  is  not  proper  for   us  to  return 
together/'  said  she  ;   "I  will  wait  here." 

The  young  hunter  proceeded  to  the  camp 
alone,  and  was  received  by  his  relations  with 
gloomy  countenances. 

*'  What  evil  has  happened,"  said  he,  **  that 
ye  are  all  so  sad?" 
No  one  replied. 

He  turned  to  his  favourite  sister,  and  bade 
her  go  forth,  seek  his  bride,  and  conduct  her 
to  the  camp. 

"  Alas!"  cried  she,  **  how  shall  I  seek 
her  ?  she  died  a  few  days  since." 

The  relations  of  the  young  girl  now  sur- 
rounded him,  weeping  and  wailing ;  but  he 
refused  to  believe  the  dismal  tidings. 

**  But  a  few  moments  since,"  cried  he, 
*'  I  left  her  alive  and  in  health.  Come  with 
me,  and  I  will  conduct  you  to  her." 

He  led  the  way  to  the  tree  where  she  had 
seated  herself;  but  she  was  no  longer  there, 
and  his  pack  lay  on  the  ground.  The  fatal 
truth  struck  him  to  the  heart :  he  fell  to  the 
ground  dead. 


INDIAN    STORY.  253 

I  give  this  simple  little  story  almost  in  the 
words  in  which  it  was  related  to  me,  as  I  lay 
by  the  fire,  in  an  evening  encampment  on  the 
banks  of  the  haunted  stream  where  it  is  said 
to  have  happened. 


254  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XXVIII. 

A  SECRET  EXPEDITION. DEER-BLEATING.  —  MAGIC 

BALLS. 

On  the  following  morning  we  were  rejoined 
by  the  rangers  who  had  remained  at  the  last 
encampment  to  seek  for  the  stray  horses. 
Tliey  had  tracked  them  for  a  considerable  dis- 
tance, through  bush  and  brake,  and  across 
streams,  until  they  found  them  cropping  the 
herbage  on  the  edge  of  a  prairie.  Their 
heads  were  in  the  direction  of  the  fort,  and 
they  were  evidently  grazing  their  way  home- 
wards, heedless  of  the  unbounded  freedom  of 
the  prairie  so  suddenly  laid  open  to  them. 

About  noon  the  Aveather  held  up,  and  1 
observed  a  mysterious  consultation  going  on 
between  our  half-breeds  and  Tonish.  It 
ended  in  a  request  that  we  would  dispense 


A    SECRET    EXPEDITION.  255 

with  the  services  of  the  latter  for  a  few  hours, 
and  permit  him  to  join  his  comrades  in  a 
grand  foray.  We  objected  that  Tonish  was 
too  much  disabled  by  aches  and  pains  for 
such  an  undertaking ;  but  he  was  wild  with 
eagerness  for  the  mysterious  enterprise,  and, 
when  permission  was  given  him,  seemed  to 
forget  all  his  ailments  in  an  instant. 

In  a  short  time  the  trio  were  equipped  and 
on  horseback,  with  rifles  on  their  shoulders 
and  handkerchiefs  twisted  round  their  heads, 
evidently  bound  for  a  grand  scamper.  As 
they  passed  by  the  different  lodges  of  the 
camp,  the  vainglorious  little  Frenchman 
could  not  help  boasting,  to  the  right  and  left, 
of  the  great  things  he  was  about  to  achieve ; 
though  the  taciturn  Beatte,  who  rode  in  ad- 
vance, would  every  now  and  then  check  his 
horse,  and  look  back  at  him  with  an  air  of 
stern  rebuke.  It  was  hard,  however,  to  make 
the  loquacious  Tonish  play  **  Indian." 

Several  of  the  hunters  likewise  sallied 
forth,  and  the  prime  old  woodsman  Ryan 
came  back  early  in  the  afternoon  with  ample 


256  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

spoil,  having  killed  a  buck  and  two  fat  does. 
I  drew  near  to  a  group  of  rangers  that  had 
gathered  round  him  as  he  stood  by  the  spoil, 
and  found  they  were  discussing  the  merits  of 
a  stratagem  sometimes  used  in  deer-hunting. 
This  consists  in  imitating,  with  a  small  in- 
strument called  a  bleat,  the  cry  of  the  fawn, 
so  as  to  lure  the  doe  within  reach  of  the  rifle. 
There  are  bleats  of  various  kinds,  suited  to 
calm  or  windy  weather,  and  to  the  age  of 
the  fawn.  The  poor  animal,  deluded  by 
them,  in  its  anxiety  about  its  young,  will 
sometimes  advance  close  up  to  the  hunter. 
'*  I  once  bleated  a  doe,"  said  a  young  hunter, 
**  until  it  came  within  twenty  yards  of  me, 
and  presented  a  sure  mark.  I  levelled  my 
rifle  three  times,  but  had  not  the  heart  to 
shoot ;  for  the  poor  doe  looked  so  wistfully, 
that  it  in  a  manner  made  my  heart  yearn.  I 
thought  of  my  own  mother,  and  how  anxious 
she  used  to  be  about  me  when  I  was  a  child ; 
so,  to  put  an  end  to  the  matter,  I  gave  a 
halloo,  and  started  the  doe  out  of  rifle  range 
in  a  moment." 


DEER-BLEATING.  257 

**  And  you  did  right,"  cried  honest  old 
Ryan  :  **  for  my  part,  I  never  could  bring 
myself  to  bleating  deer.  I  have  been  with 
hunters  who  had  bleats,  and  have  made 
them  throw  them  away.  It  is  a  rascally 
trick  to  take  advantage  of  a  mother's  love 
for  her  young." 

Towards  evening  our  three  worthies  re- 
turned from  their  mysterious  foray.  The 
tongue  of  Tonish  gave  notice  of  their  ap- 
proach long  before  they  came  in  sight ;  for 
he  was  vociferating  at  the  top  of  his  lungs, 
and  rousing  the  attention  of  the  whole  camp. 
The  lagging  gait  and  reeking  flanks  of  their 
horses  gave  evidence  of  hard  riding,  and, 
on  nearer  approach,  we  found  them  hung 
round  with  meat,  like  a  butcher's  shambles. 
In  fact,  they  had  been  scouring  an  immense 
prairie  that  extended  beyond  the  forest,  and 
which  was  covered  with  herds  of  buffalo. 
Of  this  prairie,  and  the  animals  upon  it, 
Beatte  had  received  intelligence  a  few  days 
before,  in  his  conversation  with  the  Osages  ; 
but  had  kept  the  information  a  secret  from 


258  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

the  rangers,  that  he  and  his  comrades  might 
have  the  first  dash  at  the  game.  They  had 
contented  themselves  with  kilhng  four, 
though,  if  Tonish  might  be  beheved,  they 
might  have  slain  them  by  scores. 

Tliese  tidings,  and  the  buffalo  meat 
brought  home  in  evidence,  spread  exultation 
through  the  camp,  and  every  one  looked 
forward  with  joy  to  a  buffalo  hunt  on  the 
prairies.  Tonish  was  again  the  oracle  of 
the  camp,  and  held  forth,  by  the  hour,  to  a 
knot  of  listeners,  crouched  round  the  fire 
with  their  shoulders  up  to  their  ears.  He 
was  now  more  boastful  than  ever  of  his  skill 
as  a  marksman.  All  his  want  of  success  in 
the  early  part  of  our  march  he  attributed  to 
being  *'  out  of  luck,"  if  not  '*  spell-bound  ;" 
and  finding  himself  listened  to  with  apparent 
credulity,  gave  an  instance  of  the  kind, 
which  he  declared  had  happened  to  himself, 
but  which  was  evidently  a  tale  picked  up 
among  his  relatives  the  Osages. 

According  to  this  account,  when  about 
fourteen  years  of  age,  as   he  was  one  day 


MAGIC    BALLS.  259 

hunting,  he  saw  a  white  deer  come  out  from 
a  ravine.  Crawhng  near  to  get  a  shot,  he 
beheld  another,  and  another,  come  forth, 
until  there  were  seven,  all  as  white  as  snow. 
Having  crept  sufficiently  near,  he  singled 
one  out,  and  fired,  but  without  effect ;  the 
deer  remained  unfrightened.  He  loaded  and 
fired  again,  and  again  he  missed.  Thus,  he 
continued  firing  and  missing  until  all  his 
ammunition  was  expended,  and  the  deer  re- 
mained without  a  wound.  He  returned 
home,  despairing  of  his  skill  as  a  marksman, 
but  was  consoled  by  an  old  Osage  hunter. 
"  These  white  deer,"  said  he,  "  have  a 
charmed  life,  and  can  only  be  killed  by  bullets 
of  a  particular  kind." 

The  old  Indian  cast  several  balls  for  Tonish, 
but  would  not  suffer  him  to  be  present  on  the 
occasion,  nor  inform  him  of  the  ingredients 
and  mystic  ceremonials. 

Provided  with  these  balls,  Tonish  again 
set  out  in  quest  of  the  white  deer,  and  suc- 
ceeded  in  finding:   them.      He  tried  at  first 


2b0  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

with  ordinary  balls,  but  missed  as  before. 
A  magic  ball,  however,  immediately  brought 
a  fine  buck  to  the  ground.  Whereupon  the 
rest  of  the  herd  immediately  disappeared  and 
were  never  seen  again. 

Oct,  29.  —  The  morning  opened  gloomy 
and  lowering ;  but,  towards  eight  o'clock, 
the  sun  struggled  forth  and  lighted  up  the 
forest,  and  the  notes  of  the  bugle  gave  signal 
to  prepare  for  marching.  Now  began  a 
scene  of  bustle  and  clamour  and  gaiety. 
Some  were  scampering  and  bawling  after 
the  horses,  some  were  riding  bare-backed, 
and  driving  in  the  horses  of  their  comrades. 
Some  were  stripping  the  poles  of  the  wet 
blankets  that  had  served  for  shelters  ;  others 
packing  up  with  all  possible  despatch,  and 
loading  the  baggage  horses  as  they  arrived ; 
while  others  were  cracking  off  their  damp 
rifles,  and  charging  them  afresh,  to  be  ready 
for  the  sport. 

About  ten  o'clock  we  began  our  march. 
T  loitered  in  the  rear  of  the  troop,  as  it  forded 


FOREST    SCENE.  26l 

the  turbid  brook,  and  defiled  through  the 
labyrinths  of  the  forest.  I  always  felt  dis- 
posed to  linger  until  the  last  straggler  dis- 
appeared among  the  trees,  and  the  distant 
note  of  the  bugle  died  upon  the  ear,  that  I 
might  behold  the  wilderness  relapsing  into 
silence  and  solitude.  In  the  present  instance, 
the  deserted  scene  of  our  late  bustling  en- 
campment had  a  forlorn  and  desolate  appear- 
ance. The  surrounding  forest  had  been  in 
many  places  trampled  into  a  quagmire ;  trees 
felled  and  partly  hewn  in  pieces,  and  scat- 
tered in  huge  fragments  ;  tent  poles  stripped 
of  their  covering ;  smouldering  fires,  with 
great  morsels  of  roasted  venison  and  buffalo 
meat,  standing  on  wooden  spits  before  them, 
hacked  and  slashed  by  the  knives  of  hungry 
hunters ;  while  around  were  strewed  the 
hides,  the  horns,  the  antlers,  and  bones  of 
buffaloes  and  deer,  with  uncooked  joints,  and 
unplucked  turkeys,  left  behind,  with  that 
reckless  improvidence  and  wastefulness  which 
young  hunters  are  apt  to  indulge,  when  in  a 


^62  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

neighbourhood  where  game  abounds.  In  the 
meantime,  a  score  or  two  of  turkey  buzzards, 
or  vultures,  were  already  on  the  wing,  wheel- 
ing their  magnificent  flight  high  in  the  air, 
and  preparing  for  a  descent  upon  the  camp  as 
soon  as  it  should  be  abandoned. 


263 


CHAPTER  XXIX. 

THE    GRAND    PRAIRIE. A    BUFFALO    HUNT, 

After  proceeding,  about  two  hours,  in  a 
southerly  direction,  we  emerged,  towards 
mid-day,  from  the  dreary  belt  of  the  Cross 
Timber,  and,  to  our  infinite  delight,  beheld 
"  the  Great  Prairie"  stretching  to  the  right 
and  left  before  us.  We  could  distinctly 
trace  the  meandering  course  of  the  main 
Canadian  and  various  smaller  streams,  by 
the  strips  of  green  forest  that  bordered  them. 
The  landscape  was  vast  and  beautiful.  There 
is  always  an  expansion  of  feeling  in  looking 
upon  these  boundless  and  fertile  wastes  ;  but 
I  was  doubly  conscious  of  it  after  emerging 
from  our  "  close  dungeon  of  innumerous 
boughs." 

From  a  rising  ground  Beatte  pointed  out 


S64  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

to  US  the  place  where  he  and  his  comrades 
had  killed  the  buffaloes ;  and  we  beheld 
several  black  objects  moving  in  the  distance, 
which  he  said  were  part  of  the  herd.  The 
Captain  determined  to  shape  his  course  to  a 
woody  bottom  about  a  mile  distant,  and  to 
encamp  there,  for  a  day  or  two,  by  way  of 
having-  a  regular  buffalo  hunt,  and  getting  a 
supply  of  provisions.  As  the  troops  filed 
along  the  slope  of  the  hill  towards  the  camp- 
ing-ground, Beatte  proposed  to  my  mess- 
mates and  myself  that  we  should  put  our- 
selves under  his  guidance,  promising  to  take 
us  where  we  should  have  plenty  of  sport. 
Leaving  the  line  of  march,  therefore,  we 
diverged  towards  the  prairie,  traversing  a 
small  valley,  and  ascending  a  gentle  swell  of 
land.  As  we  reached  the  summit  we  be- 
held a  gang  of  wild  horses  about  a  mile  off. 
Beatte  was  immediately  on  the  alert,  and  no 
longer  thought  of  buffalo-hunting.  He  was 
mounted  on  his  powerful  half-wild  horse, 
with  a  lariat  coiled  at  the  saddle-bow,  and 
set  off  in  pursuit :  while  we  remained  on  a 


BUFFALO   HUNTING.  S65 

rising  ground,  watching  his  manoeuvres  with 
great  solicitude.  Taking  advantage  of  a 
strip  of  woodland,  he  stole  quietly  along,  so 
as  to  get  close  to  them  before  he  was  per- 
ceived.  The  moment  they  caught  sight  of 
him,  a  grand  scamper  took  place.  We 
watched  him  skirting  along  the  horizon, 
like  a  privateer  in  full  chase  of  a  merchant- 
man :  at  length  he  passed  over  the  brow  of 
a  ridge,  and  down  into  a  shallow  valley  ;  in 
a  few  moments  he  was  on  the  opposite  hill, 
and  close  upon  one  of  the  horses.  He  was 
soon  head  and  head,  and  appeared  to  be  try- 
ing to  noose  his  prey ;  but  they  both  disap- 
peared again  below  the  hill,  and  we  saw  no 
more  of  them.  It  turned  out,  afterwards, 
that  he  had  noosed  a  powerful  horse,  but 
could  not  hold  him,  and  had  lost  his  lariat  in 
the  attempt. 

While  we  were  waiting  for  his  return, 
we  perceived  two  buffalo  bulls  descending  a 
slope  towards  a  stream,  which  wound  through 
a  ravine  fringed  with  trees.  The  young 
Count  and  myself  endeavoured  to  get  near 

-N 


^66  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

them,  under  covert  of  the  trees.  They  dis- 
covered us  while  we  were  yet  three  or  four 
hundred  yards  off,  and,  turning  about,  re- 
treated up  the  rising  ground.  We  urged 
our  horses  across  the  ravine,  and  gave  chase. 
The  immense  weight  of  head  and  shouklers 
causes  the  buffalo  to  labour  heavily  up  hill, 
but  it  accelerates  his  descent.  We  had  the 
advantage,  therefore,  and  gained  rapidly 
upon  the  fugitives,  though  it  was  difficult  to 
get  our  horses  to  approach  them,  their  very 
scent  inspiring  them  with  terror.  The 
Count,  who  had  a  double-barrelled  gun, 
loaded  with  ball,  fired,  but  missed.  The 
bulls  now  altered  their  course,  and  galloped 
down  hill  with  headlong  rapidity.  As  they 
ran  in  different  directions,  we  each  singled  out 
one,  and  separated.  I  was  provided  with  a 
brace  of  veteran  brass-barrelled  pistols,  which 
I  had  borrowed  at  Fort  Gibson,  and  which 
had  evidently  seen  some  service.  Pistols 
are  very  effectiv-e  in  buffalo-hunting,  as  the 
hunter  can  ride  up  close  to  the  animal,  and 
fire  at  it  while  at  full  speed  j  Avhereas  the 


ASI^ECT    OF    THE    BUFFALO.  2&7 

long  heavy  rifles  used  on  the  frontier  cannot 
be  easily  managed,  nor  discharged  with  ac- 
curate aim  from  horseback.  My  object, 
therefore,  was  to  get  within  pistoUshot  of 
the  buffalo.  This  was  no  very  easy  matter. 
I  was  well  mounted,  on  a  horse  of  excellent 
speed  and  bottom,  that  seemed  eager  for  the 
chase,  and  soon  overtook  the  game,  but  the 
moment  he  came  nearly  parallel  he  would 
keep  sheering  off,  with  ears  forked  and 
pricked  forward,  and  every  symptom  of 
aversion  and  alarm.  It  was  no  wonder.  Of 
all  animals  a  buffalo,  when  close  pressed  by 
the  hunter,  has  an  aspect  the  most  diabolical. 
His  two  short  black  horns  curve  out  of  a 
huge  frontlet  of  shaggy  hair  ;  his  eyes  glovv^ 
like  coals  ;  his  mouth  is  open,  his  tongue 
parched  and  drawn  up  into  a  half-crescent ; 
his  tail  is  erect,  and  the  tufted  end  whisking 
about  in  the  air  ;  he  is  a  perfect  picture  of 
mingled  rage  and  terror. 

It  was  with  diflBculty  I  urged  my  horse 
sufficiently  near,  when,  taking  aim,  to  my 
-chagrin,  both  pistols  missed  fire.     Unfortuit- 

N  2 


^68  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ately,  the  locks  of  these  veteran  weapons 
were  so  much  worn,  that,  in  the  gallop,  the 
priming  had  been  shaken  out  of  the  pans. 
At  the  snapping  of  the  last  pistol  I  was 
close  upon  the  buffalo,  when,  in  his  despair, 
he  turned  round,  with  a  sudden  snort,  and 
rushed  upon  me.  My  horse  wheeled  about, 
as  if  on  a  pivot,  made  a  convulsive  spring, 
and,  as  I  had  been  leaning  on  one  side  with 
pistol  extended,  I  came  near  being  thrown 
at  the  feet  of  the  buffalo. 

Three  or  four  bounds  of  the  horse  carried 
us  out  of  reach  of  the  enemy,  who,  having 
merely  turned  in  desperate  self-defence, 
quickly  resumed  his  flight.  As  soon  as  I 
could  gather  in  my  panic-stricken  horse,  and 
prime  the  pistols  afresh,  I  again  spurred  in 
pursuit  of  the  buffalo,  who  had  slackened  his 
speed  to  take  breath.  On  my  approach,  he 
again  set  off,  full  tilt,  heaving  himself  for- 
ward with  a  heavy  rolling  gallop,  dashing 
with  headlong  precipitation  through  brakes 
and  ravines  ;  while  several  deer  and  wolves, 
startled  from  their  coverts  by  his  thundering 


BUFFALO    HUNTING.  569 

career,  ran   helter-skelter   to  right  and  left 
across  the  waste. 

A  gallop  across  the  prairies  in  pursuit  of 
game  is  by  no  means  so  smooth  a  career  as 
those  may  imagine  who  have  only  the  idea 
of  an  open  level  plain.  It  is  true  the  prairies 
of  the  hunting-grounds  are  not  so  much 
entangled  with  flowering  plants  and  long- 
herbage  as  the  lower  prairies,  and  are  prin- 
cipally covered  with  short  buffalo  grass ;  but 
they  are  diversified  by  hill  and  dale,  and, 
where  most  level,  are  apt  to  be  cut  up  by 
deep  rifts  and  ravines,  made  by  torrents 
after  rains,  and  which,  yawning  from  an 
even  surface,  are  almost  like  pitfalls  in  the 
way  of  the  hunter  ;  checking  him  suddenly 
when  in  full  career,  or  subjecting  him  to 
the  risk  of  limb  and  life.  The  plains,  too, 
are  beset  by  burrowing  holes  of  small  animals, 
in  which  the  horse  is  apt  to  sink  to  the  fet- 
lock and  throw  both  himself  and  his  rider. 
The  late  rain  had  covered  some  parts  of  the 
prairie,  where  the  ground  was  hard,  with  a 

N  8 


270  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

thin  sheet  of  water  through  which  the  horse 
had  to  splash  his  way.  In  other  parts  there 
were  innumerable  shallow  hollows,  eight  or 
ten  feet  in  diameter,  made  by  the  bufFaloeSy 
who  wallow  in  sand  and  mud  like  swine^ 
These,  being  filled  with  water,  shone  like 
mirrors,  so-  that  the  horse  was  continually 
leaping  over  them,  or  springing  on  one  side. 
We  had  reached,  too,  a  rough  part  of  the 
prairie,  very  much  broken  and  cut  up  :  the 
buffalo,  who  was  running  for  life,  took  no 
heed  to  his  course,  plunging  down  break- 
neck ravines,  where  it  was  necessary  to  skirt 
the  borders  in  search  of  a  safer  descent.  At 
length  he  came  to  where  a  winter  stream 
had  torn  a  deep  chasm  across  the  whole 
prairie,  laying  open  jagged  rocks,  and  form- 
ing a  long  glen  bordered  by  steep  crumbling 
cliffs  of  mingled  stone  and  clay.  Down  one 
of  these  the  buffalo  flung  himself,  half  tum- 
bling, half  leaping,  and  then  scuttled  off 
along  the  bottom ;  while  I,  seeing  all  far- 
ther pursuit  useless,  pulled  up,  and  gazed 
quietly  after  him  from  the  border  of  the  cliffy 


BUFFALO    HUNTING.  ^Jl 

until  he  disappeared  amidst  the  windings  of 
the  Irvine. 

Nothing  now  remained  but  to  turn  my 
steed  and  rejoin  my  companions.  Here,  at 
first,  was  some  little  difficulty.  The  ardour 
of  the  chase  had  betrayed  me  into  a  long 
heedless  gallop  :  I  now  found  myself  in  the 
midst  of  a  lonely  waste,  in  which  the  pro- 
spect was  bounded  by  undulating  swells  of 
land,  naked  and  uniform,  where,  from  the 
deficiency  of  landmarks  and  distinct  features, 
an  inexperienced  man  may  become  bewil- 
dered, and  lose  his  way  as  readily  as  in  the 
wastes  of  the  ocean.  The  day,  too,  was 
overcast,  so  that  I  could  not  guide  myself 
by  the  sun.  My  only  mode  was  to  retrace  the 
track  my  horse  had  made  in  coming,  though 
this  I  would  often  lose  sight  of,  where  the 
ground  was  covered  with  parched  herbage. 
To  one  unaccustomed  to  it,  there  is  some- 
thing inexpressibly  lonely  in  the  solitude  of 
a  prairie  :  the  loneliness  of  a  forest  seems 
nothing  to  it.  There  the  view  is  shut  in  by 
trees,    and    the  imagination  is  left  free   to 

N  4 


£7^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

picture  some  livelier  scene  beyond  j  but  here 
we  have  an  immense  extent  of  landscape, 
without  a  sign  of  human  existence.  We 
have  the  consciousness  of  being  far,  far  be- 
yond the  bounds  of  human  habitation  ;  we 
feel  as  if  moving  in  the  midst  of  a  desert 
world.  As  my  horse  lagged  slowly  back 
over  the  scenes  of  our  late  scamper,  and  the 
delirium  of  the  chase  had  passed  away,  I 
was  peculiarly  sensible  to  these  circumstances.. 
The  silence  of  the  waste  was  now  and  then 
broken  by  the  cry  of  a  distant  flock  of  peli- 
cans, stalking  like  spectres  about  a  shallow 
pool,  sometimes  by  the  sinister  croaking  of 
a  raven  in  the  air,  while  occasionally  a 
scoundrel  wolf  would  scour  off  from  before 
me,  and,  having  attained  a  safe  distance, 
would  sit  down  and  howl  and  whine,  with 
tones  that  gave  a  dreariness  to  the  surround- 
ing solitude.  After  pursuing  my  way  for 
some  time,  I  descried  a  horseman  on  the 
edge  of  a  distant  hill,  and  soon  recognised 
him  to  be  the  Count.  He  had  been  equally 
unsuccessful  with  myself.     We  were  shortly 


BUFFALO    HUNTING.  27S 

afterwards  rejoined  by  our  worthy  comrade, 
the  virtuoso,  who,  with  spectacles  on  nose, 
had  made  two  or  three  ineffectual  shots  from 
horseback. 

We  determined  not  to  seek  the  camp  until 
we  had  made  one  m.ore  effort.  Casting  our 
eyes  about  the  surrounding  waste,  we  de* 
scried  a  herd  of  buffalo  about  two  miles 
distant,  scattered  apart  and  quietly  grazing 
near  a  small  strip  of  trees  and  bushes.  It 
required  but  little  stretch  of  fancy  to  picture 
them  so  many  cattle  grazing  on  the  edge  of 
a  common,  and  that  the  grove  might  shelter 
some  lonely  farm-house. 

We  now  formed  our  plan  to  circumvent 
the  herd,  and,  by  getting  on  the  other  side 
of  them,  to  hunt  them  in  the  direction  where 
we  knew  our  camp  to  be  situated  ;  otherwise 
the  pursuit  might  take  us  to  such  a  distance, 
as  to  render  it  impossible  to  find  our  way 
back  before  nightfall.  Taking  a  wide  circuit, 
therefore,  we  moved  slowly  and  cautiously, 
pausing  occasionally,  when  we  saw  any  of 
the  herd   desist   from  grazing.      The  wind 

N  5 


^4f  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES^ 

fortunately  set  from  them,  otherwise  they 
might  have  scented  us  and  have  taken  the 
alarm.  In  this  way  we  succeeded  in  getting 
round  the  herd  without  disturbing  it.  It 
consisted  of  about  forty  head,  bulls,  cows, 
and  calves.  Separating  to  some  distance 
from  each  other,  we  now  approached  slowly 
in  a  parallel  line,  hoping,  by  degrees,  to 
steal  near  without  exciting  attention.  They 
began,  however,  to  move  off  quietly,  stopping 
at  every  step  or  two  to  graze  ;  when  suddenly 
a  bull  that,  unobserved  by  us,  had  been 
taking  his  siesta  under  a  clump  of  trees  to 
our  left,  roused  himself  from  his  lair,  and 
hastened  to  join  his  companions.  We  were 
still  at  a  considerable  distance,  but  the  game 
had  taken  the  alarm.  We  quickened  our 
pace,  they  broke  into  a  gallop,  and  now 
commenced  a  full  chase. 

As  the  ground  was  level,  they  shouldered 
along  with  great  speed,  following  each  other 
in  a  line,  two  or  three  bulls  bringing  up  the 
rear ;  the  last  of  whom,  from  his  enormous 
size  and  venerable  frontlet  and  beard  of  sun- 


BUFFALO    HUNTING.  ^7^ 

burnt  hair,  looked  like  the  patriarch  of  the 
herd,  and  as  if  he  might  long  have  reigned 
the  monarch  of  the  prairie. 

There  is  a  mixture  of  the  awful  and  the 
comic  in  the  look  of  these  huge  animals,  as 
they  heave  their  great  bulk  forwards,  with 
an  up  and  down  motion  of  the  unwieldy  head 
and  shoulders  ;  their  tail  cocked  up  like  the 
queue  of  Pantaloon  in  a  pantomime,  the  end 
whisking  about  in  a  fierce  yet  whimsical 
style  ;  and  their  eyes  glaring  venomously  with 
an  expression  of  fright  and  fury. 

For  some  time  I  kept  parallel  with  the 
line,  without  being  able  to  force  my  horse 
within  pistol-shot,  so  much  had  he  been 
alarmed  by  the  assault  of  the  buffalo  in  the 
preceding  chase.  At  length  I  succeeded  ;  but 
was  again  balked  by  my  pistols  missing  fire. 
My  companions,  whose  horses  were  less  fleet 
and  more  wayworn,  could  not  overtake  the 
herd ;  at  length,  Mr.  L.,  who  was  in  the 
rear  of  the  line,  and  losing  ground,  levelled 
his  double-barrelled  gun,  and  fired  a  long 
raking  shot.     It  struck  a  buffab  just  above 

N    6 


276  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

the  loins,  broke  its  back  bone,  and  brought 
it  to  the  ground.  He  stopped,  and  alighted 
to  despatch  his  prey,  when,  borrowing  his 
gun,  which  had  yet  a  charge  remaining 
in  it,  I  put  my  horse  to  his  speed,  again 
overtook  the  herd,  which  was  thundering 
along  pursued  by  the  Count.  With  my 
present  weapon  there  was  no  need  of  urging 
my  horse  to  such  close  quarters ;  galloping 
along  parallel,  therefore,  I  singled  out  a  buf- 
falo, and  by  a  fortunate  shot  brought  it  down 
on  the  spot.  The  ball  had  struck  a  vital 
part :  it  could  not  move  from  the  place  where 
it  fell,  but  lay  there  struggling  in  mortal 
agony,  while  the  rest  of  the  herd  kept  on 
their  headlong  career  across  the  prairie. 

Dismounting,  I  now  fettered  my  horse 
to  prevent  his  straying,  and  advanced  to  con- 
template my  victim.  I  am  nothing  of  a 
sportsman  :  I  had  been  prompted  to  this  un- 
wonted exploit  by  the  magnitude  of  the  game 
and  the  excitement  of  an  adventurous  chase. 
Now  that  the  excitement  was  over,  I  could 
not  but  look  with  commiseration  upon  the 


BUFFALO    HUNTING.  ^77 

poor  animal  that  lay  struggling  and  bleeding 
at  my  feet.  His  very  size  and  importance, 
which  had  before  inspired  me  with  eagerness, 
now  increased  my  compunction.  It  seemed 
as  if  I  had  inflicted  pain  in  proportion  to  the 
bulk  of  my  victim,  and  as  if  there  were  a 
hundred-fold  greater  waste  of  life  than  there 
would  have  been  in  the  destruction  of  an 
animal  of  inferior  size. 

To  add  to  these  after-qualms  of  conscience, 
the  poor  animal  lingered  in  his  agony.  He 
had  evidently  received  a  mortal  wound,  but 
death  might  be  long  in  coming.  It  would 
not  do  to  leave  him  here  to  be  torn  piece- 
meal while  yet  alive,  by  the  wolves  that  had 
already  snuffed  his  blood,  and  were  skulking 
and  howling  at  a  distance,  and  waiting  for 
my  departure,  and  by  the  ravens  that  were 
flapping  about  and  croaking  dismally  in  the 
air.  It  became  now  an  act  of  mercy  to  give 
him  his  quietus,  and  put  him  out  of  his 
misery.  I  primed  one  of  the  pistols,  there- 
fore, and  advanced  close  up  to  the  bufFalo, 
To   inflict   a  wound   thus   in   cold  blood,   I 


278  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

found  a  totally  different  thing  from  firing  in 
the  heat  of  the  chase.  Taking  aim,  however, 
just  behind  the  fore-shoulder,  my  pistol  for 
once  proved  true  :  the  ball  must  have  passed 
through  the  heart,  for  the  animal  gave  one 
convulsive  throe,  and  expired. 

While  I  stood  meditating  and  moralising 
over  the  wreck  I  had  so  wantonly  produced, 
with  my  horse  grazing  near  me,  I  was  re- 
joined by  my  fellow-sportsman,  the  virtuoso, 
Avho,  being  a  man  of  universal  adroitness, 
and,  withal,  more  experience,  and  hardened  in 
the  gentle  art  of  "  venerie,"  soon  managed 
to  carve  out  the  tongue  of  the  buffalo,  and  de- 
livered it  to  me  to  bear  back  to  the  camp  as 
a  trophy. 


^79 


CHAPTER  XXX. 

A  COMRADE  LOST. —  A  SEARCH  FOR  THE  CAMP.— 
THE  COMMISSIONER,  THE  WILD  HORSE,  AND  THE 
BUFFALO. A    WOLF-SERENADE. 


Our  solicitude  was  now  awakened  for  the 
young-  Count.  With  his  usual  eagerness  and 
impetuosity,  he  had  persisted  in  urging  his 
jaded  horse  in  pursuit  of  the  herd,  unwilling 
to  return  without  having  likewise  killed  a 
buffalo.  In  this  way  he  had  kept  on  follow- 
ing them,  hither  and  thither,  and  occasionally 
firing  an  ineffectual  shot,  until,  by  degrees, 
horseman  and  herd  became  indistinct  in  the 
distance,  and  at  length  swelling  grounds  and 
strips  of  trees  and  thickets  hid  them  entirely 
from  sight. 

By  the  time  my  friend  the  amateur  joined 
me,  the  young  Count  had  been  long  lost  to 


^80  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

view.  We  held  a  consultation  on  the  matter. 
Evening"  was  drawing  on.  Were  we  to  pur- 
sue him,  it  would  be  dark  before  we  should 
overtake  him,  granting  we  did  not  entirely 
lose  trace  of  him  in  the  gloom.  We  should 
then  be  too  much  bewildered  to  find  our  o\\ti 
Avay  back  to  the  encampment ;  even  now  our 
return  would  be  difficult.  We  determined, 
therefore,  to  hasten  to  the  camp  as  speedily 
as  possible,  and  send  out  our  half-breeds  and 
some  of  the  veteran  hunters,  skilled  in  cruis- 
ing about  the  prairies,  to  search  for  our 
companion. 

We  accordingly  set  forward  in  what  we 
supposed  to  be  the  direction  of  the  camp. 
Our  weary  horses  could  hardly  be  urged 
beyond  a  walk.  The  twilight  thickened 
upon  us  ;  the  landscape  grew  gradually  in- 
distinct ;  we  tried  in  vain  to  recognise  various 
landmarks  which  we  had  noted  in  the  morn- 
ing. The  features  of  the  prairies  are  so 
similar  as  to  baffle  the  eye  of  any  but  an 
Indian  or  a  practised  woodsman.  At  length 
night  closed  in.    We  hoped  to  see  the  distant 


A    SEARCH    FOR    THE    CAMP.  S81 

glare  of  camp  fires  ;  we  listened  to  catch  the 
sound  of  the  bells  about  the  necks  of  the 
grazing-  horses.  Once  or  twice  we  thought 
we  distinguished  them.  We  were  mistaken. 
Nothing  was  to  be  heard  but  a  monotonous 
concert  of  insects,  with  now  and  then  the 
dismal  howl  of  wolves,  mingled  with  the 
night  breeze.  We  began  to  think  of  halting 
for  the  night  and  bivouacking  under  the  lea 
of  some  thicket.  We  had  implements  to 
strike  a  light ;  there  was  plenty  of  firewood 
at  hand  ;  and  the  tongues  of  our  buffaloes 
would  furnish  us  with  a  repast. 

Just  as  we  were  preparing  to  dismount, 
we  heard  the  report  of  a  rifle,  and  shortly 
after  the  notes  of  the  bugle  calling  up  the 
night  guard.  Pushing  forward  in  that  di- 
rection, the  camp-fires  soon  broke  upon  our 
sight,  gleaming  at  a  distance  from  among 
the  thick  groves  of  an  alluvial  bottom. 

As  we  entered  the  camp  we  found  it  a 
scene  of  rude  hunters'  revelry  and  wassail. 
There  had  been  a  grand  day's  sport,  in  which 
all  had  taken  a  part.     Eight  buffaloes  had 


282  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

been  killed.  Roaring  fires  were  blazing  on 
every  side  ;  all  hands  were  feasting  upon 
roasted  joints,  broiled  marrow-bones,  and  the 
juicy  hump,  far  famed  among  the  epicures 
of  the  prairies.  Right  glad  were  we  to  dis- 
mount and  partake  of  the  sturdy  cheer,  for 
we  had  been  on  our  weary  horses  since 
morning  without. tasting  food. 

As  to  our  worthy  friend,  the  Commissioner, 
with  whom  we  had  parted  company  at  the 
outset  of  this  eventful  day,  we  found  him 
lying  in  a  corner  of  the  tent,  much  the  worse 
for  wear  in  the  course  of  a  successful  hunting 
match. 

It  seems  that  our  man  Beatte,  in  his  zeal 
to  give  the  Commissioner  an  opportunity  of 
distinguishing  himself  and  gratifying  his 
hunting  propensities,  had  mounted  him  upon 
his  half-wild  horse,  and  started  him  in  pursuit 
of  a  huge  buffalo  bull  that  had  already  been 
frightened  by  the  hunters.  The  horse,  who 
was  fearless  as  his  owner,  and,  like  him,  had 
a  considerable  spice  of  devil  in  his  com- 
position,   and  who,  beside,   had  been  made 


THE  commissioner's  ADVENTURES.  283 

familiar  with  the  game,  no  sooner  came  within 
sight  and  scent  of  the  buffalo  than  he  set  off 
like  mad,  bearing  the  involuntary  hunter 
hither  and  thither,  whether  he  would  or  not, 
up  hill  and  down  hill,  leaping  pools  and 
brooks,  dashing  through  glens  and  gullies, 
until  he  came  up  with  the  game.  Instead  of 
sheering  off,  he  crowded  upon  the  buffalo. 
The  Commissioner,  almost  in  self-defence, 
discharged  both  barrels  of  a  double  barrelled 
gun  into  the  enemy.  The  broadside  took 
effect,  but  was  not  mortal.  The  buffalo 
turned  furiously  upon  his  pursuer.  The 
horse,  as  he  had  been  taught  by  his  owner, 
wheeled  off.  The  buffalo  plunged  after  him. 
The  worthy  Commissioner,  in  great  extre- 
mity, drew  his  sole  pistol  from  his  holster, 
fired  it  off  as  a  stern-chaser,  shot  the  buffalo 
full  in  the  breast,  and  brought  him  lumbering 
forward  to  the  earth. 

The  Commissioner  returned  to  camp, 
lauded  on  all  sides  for  hi^  signal  exploit ; 
but  grievously  battered  and  wayworn.  He 
had  been  a  hard  rider  perforce,  and  a  victor 


^84  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

in  spite  of  himself.  He  turned  a  deaf  ear  to 
all  compliments  and  congratulations  ;  had 
but  little  stomach  for  the  hunter's  fare  placed 
before  him ;  and  soon  retreated  to  stretch  his 
limbs  in  the  tent,  declaring  that  nothing 
should  tempt  him  again  to  mount  that  half- 
devil  Indian  horse  ;  and  that  he  had  enough 
of  buffalo-hunting  for  the  rest  of  his  life. 

It  was  too  dark  now  to  send  any  one  in 
search  of  the  young  Count.  Guns,  how- 
ever, were  fired,  and  the  bugle  sounded, 
from  time  to  time,  to  guide  him  to  the 
camp,  if,  by  chance,  he  should  straggle 
within  hearing  ;  but  the  night  advanced  with- 
out his  making  his  appearance.  There  was 
not  a  star  visible  to  guide  him  ;  and  we  con- 
cluded that,  wherever  he  was,  he  would  give 
up  wandering  in  the  dark,  and  bivouack 
until  daybreak. 

It  was  a  raw  overcast  night.  The  car- 
casses of  the  buffaloes,  killed  in  the  vicinity 
of  the  camp,  had  drawn  about  it  an  unusual 
number  of  wolves,  who  kept  up  the  most 
forlorn  concert  of  whining  yells,  prolonged 


A    WOLF-SERENADE.  285 

into  dismal  cadences  and  inflections,  literally 
converting  the  surrounding  waste  into  a 
howling  wilderness.  Nothing  is  more  me- 
lancholy than  the  midnight  howl  of  a  wolf 
on  a  prairie.  What  rendered  the  gloom  and 
wildness  of  the  night,  and  the  savage  con- 
cert of  the  neighbouring  waste,  the  more 
dreary  to  us,  was  the  idea  of  the  lonely  and 
exposed  situation  of  our  young  and  inex- 
perienced comrade.  We  trusted,  however, 
that  on  the  return  of  daylight  he  would  find 
his  way  back  to  the  camp,  and  then  all  the 
events  of  the  night  would  be  remembered 
only  as  so  many  savoury  gratifications  of  his 
passion  for  adventure. 


^S6  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 


CHAPTER  XXXL 

A   HUNT    FOR    A    LOST    COMRADE, 

The  morning  dawned,  and  an  hour  or  two 
passed  without  any  tidings  of  the  Count. 
We  began  to  feel  uneasiness  lest,  having  no 
compass  to  aid  him,  he  might  perplex 
himself,  and  wander  in  some  opposite  direc- 
tion. Stragglers  are  thus  often  lost  for 
days  :  in  his  case  he  had  no  provisions  with 
him  ;  was  totally  unversed  in  ''  woodcraft," 
and  was  liable  to  fall  into  the  hands  of  some 
lurking  or  straggling  party  of  savages. 

As  soon  as  our  people,  therefore,  had 
made  their  breakfast,  we  beat  up  for  volun- 
teers for  a  cruise  in  search  of  the  Count. 
A  dozen  of  the  rangers,  mounted  on  some 
of  the  best  and  freshest  horses,  and  armed 


HUNT    FOR    A    LOST    COMRADE.       287 

with  rifles,  were  soon  ready  to  start  ;  our 
half-breeds,  Beatte  and  Antoine,  were  zealous 
in  the  cause,  as  was  also  our  little  mongrel 
Frenchman.  So  Mr.  L.  and  myself  taking 
the  lead,  to  show  the  way  to  the  scene 
of  our  late  hunt,  where  we  had  parted 
company  with  the  Count,  we  all  set  out 
across  the  prairie.  A  ride  of  a  couple  of 
miles  brought  us  to  the  carcasses  of  the  two 
buffaloes  we  had  killed.  A  legion  of  raven- 
ous wolves  were  already  gorging  upon  them. 
At  our  approach  they  reluctantly  drew  off, 
skulking,  with  a  caitiiF  look,  to  the  distance 
of  a  few  hundred  yards,  and  there  awaiting 
our  departure,  that  they  might  return  to  their 
banquet. 

I  conducted  Beatte  and  Antoine  to  the 
spot  from  whence  the  young  Count  had  con- 
tinued the  chase  alone.  It  was  like  putting 
hounds  upon  the  scent.  They  immediately 
distinguished  the  track  of  his  horse  amidst 
the  tramplings  of  the  buffaloes,  and  set  off 
at  a  round  pace,  following  with  the  eye,  in 
nearly  a  straight  course,   for  upwards  of  a 


S88  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

mile,  when  they  came  to  where  the  herd 
had  divided,  and  run  hither  and  thither 
about  a  meadow.  Here  the  track  of  the 
horse's  hoofs  wandered,  and  doubled,  and 
often  crossed  each  other  ;  our  half-breeds 
were  like  hounds  at  fault.  While  we  were 
all  at  a  halt,  waiting  until  they  should  un^ 
ravel  the  maze,  Beatte  suddenly  gave  a  short 
Indian  whoop,  or  rather  yelp,  and  pointed  to 
a  distant  hill.  On  regarding  it  attentively, 
we  perceived  a  horseman  on  the  summit. 
"  It  is  the  Count  I"  cried  Beatte,  and  set 
off  at  full  gallop,  followed  by  the  whole  com^ 
pany.  In  a  few  moments  he  checked  his 
horse.  Another  figure  on  horseback  had 
appeared  on  the  brow  of  the  hill.  This 
completely  altered  the  case.  The  Count 
had  wandered  off  alone  ;  no  other  person 
had  been  missing  from  the  camp.  If  one 
of  these  horsemen  was  indeed  the  Count, 
the  other  must  be  an  Indian.  If  an  Indian, 
in  all  probability  a  Pawnee.  ,  Perhaps  they 
were  both  Indians  ;  scouts  of  some  party 
lurking  in   the   vicinity.      While   these   and 


EPISODE.  289 

other  suggestions  were  hastily  discussed,  the 
two  horsemen  glided  down  from  the  profile 
of  the  hill,  and  we  lost  sight  of  them.  One 
of  the  rangers  suggested  that  there  might  be 
a  straggling  party  of  Pawnees  behind  the 
hill,  and  that  the  Count  might  have  fallen 
into  their  hands.  The  idea  had  an  electric 
effect  upon  the  little  troop.  In  an  instant 
every  horse  was  at  full  speed,  the  half-breeds 
leading  the  way  :  the  young  rangers,  as 
they  rode,  set  up  wild  yelps  of  exultation  at 
the  thoughts  of  having  a  brush  with  Indians. 
A  neck-or-nothing  gallop  brought  us  to  the 
skirts  of  the  hill,  and  revealed  our  mistake. 
In  a  ravine  we  found  the  two  horsemen 
standing  by  the  carcass  of  a  buffalo,  which 
they  had  killed.  They  proved  to  be  two 
rangers,  who,  unperceived,  had  left  the  camp 
a  little  before  us,  and  had  come  here  in  a 
direct  line,  while  we  had  made  a  circuit 
about  the  prairie. 

This  episode  being  at  an  end,  and  the 
sudden  excitement  being  over,  we  slowly 
and  coolly  retraced  our  steps  to  the  meadow  j 

o 


590  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

but  it  was  some  time  before  our  half-breeds 
could  again  get  on  the  track  of  the  Count. 
Having  at  length  found  it,  they  succeeded  in 
following  it  through  all  its  doublings,  until 
they  came  to  where  it  was  no  longer  mingled 
with  the  tramp  of  buffaloes,  but  became 
single  and  separate,  wandering  here  and 
there  about  the  prairies,  but  always  tending 
in  a  direction  opposite  to  the  camp.  Here 
the  Count  had  evidently  given  up  the  pur- 
suit of  the  herd,  and  had  endeavoured  to 
find  his  way  to  the  encampment,  but  had 
become  bewildered  as  the  evening  shades 
thickened  around  him,  and  had  completely 
mistaken  the  points  of  the  compass. 

In  all  this  quest  our  half-breeds  displayed 
that  quickness  of  eye,  in  following  up  a  track, 
for  which  Indians  are  so  noted.  Beatte, 
especially,  was  staunch  as  a  veteran  hound. 
Sometimes  he  would  keep  forward  on  an 
easy  trot,  his  eyes  fixed  on  the  ground  a 
little  ahead  of  his  horse,  clearly  distinguish- 
ing prints  in  the  herbage,  which  to  me  were 
invisible,   except  on   the   closest   inspection. 


FOLLOWING  UP  A  TRACK.    ^9 I 

Sometimes  he  would  pull  up  and  walk  his 
horses  lowly  ;  regarding  the  ground  intently, 
where,  to  my  eye,  nothing  was  apparent. 
Then  he  would  dismount,  lead  his  horse  by 
the  bridle,  and  advance  cautiously,  step  by 
step,  with  his  face  bent  towards  the  earth, 
just  catching,  here  and  there,  a  casual  in- 
dication of  the  vaguest  kind  to  guide  him 
onward.  In  some  places,  where  the  soil  was 
hard  and  the  grass  withered,  he  would  lose 
the  track  entirely,  and  wander  backwards 
and  forwards,  and  right  and  left  in  search  of 
it ;  returning  occasionally  to  the  place  where 
he  lost  sight  of  it,  to  take  a  new  departure. 
If  this  failed,  he  would  examine  the  banks 
of  the  neighbouring  streams,  or  the  sandy 
bottoms  of  the  ravines,  in  hopes  of  finding 
tracks  where  the  Count  had  crossed.  When 
he  again  came  upon  the  track,  he  would  re- 
mount his  horse,  and  resume  his  onwaid 
course.  At  length,  after  crossing  a  stream, 
in  the  crumbling  banks  of  which  the  hoofs  of 
the  horse  were  deeply  dinted,  we  came  upon 
a   high    dry  prairie,  where  our  half-breeds 

o  2 


292  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

were  completely  baffled.  Not  a  foot-print 
was  to  be  descried,  though  they  searched  in 
every  direction,  and  Beatte,  at  length  coming 
to  a  pause,  shook  his  head  most  despond- 
ingly. 

Just  then,   a  small  herd  of  deer,  roused 
from  a  neighbouring  ravine,  came  bounding 
by  us.    Beatte  sprang  from  his  horse,  levelled 
his    rifle,    and    wounded    one    slightly,    but 
without   bringing    it    to    the   ground.      The 
report  of  the  rifle  was  almost  immediately 
followed  by  a  long  halloo  from  a  distance. 
We  looked  around,   but  could  see  nothing. 
Another  long  halloo  was  heard,  and  at  length 
a  horseman  was  descried  emerging  out  of  a 
skirt  of  forest.     A  single  glance  showed  him 
to  be  the  young  Count ;   there  w^as  a  uni- 
versal shout  and  scamper,  every  one  setting 
off  full  gallop  to  greet  him.      It  was  a  joyful 
meeting   to   both   parties,  for  much  anxiety 
had  been  felt  by  us   all  on  account  of  his 
youth  and  inexperience  ;   and,  for  his  part, 
with   all   his  love  of  adventure,  he   seemed 
right  glad  to  be  once  more  among  his  friends. 


THE    COUNT    FOUND.  293 

As  we  supposed,  he  had  completely  mis- 
taken his  course  on  the  preceding  evening, 
and  had  wandered  about  until  dark,  when 
he  thought  of  bivouacking.  The  night  was 
cool ;  yet  he  feared  to  make  a  fire,  lest  it 
might  betray  him  to  some  lurking  party  of 
Indians.  Hobbling  his  horse  with  his  pocket 
handkerchief,  and  leaving  him  to  graze  on 
the  margin  of  the  prairie,  he  clambered  into 
a  tree,  fixed  his  saddle  on  the  fork  of  the 
branches,  and,  placing  himself  securely  with 
his  back  against  the  trunk,  prepared  to  pass 
a  dreary  and  anxious  night,  regaled  occa- 
sionally with  the  bowlings  of  the  wolves. 
He  was  agreeably  disappointed.  The  fatigue 
of  the  day  soon  brought  on  a  sound  sleep  ; 
he  had  delightful  dreams  about  his  home  in 
Switzerland,  nor  did  he  awake  until  it  was 
broad  daylight. 

He  then  descended  from  his  roosting-place, 
mounted  his  horse,  and  rode  to  the  naked 
summit  of  a  hill,  from  whence  he  beheld  a 
trackless  wilderness  around  him,  but  at  no 
great  distance  the  Grand  Canadian,  winding 

o  3 


294  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

its  way  between  borders  of  forest  land.  The 
sight  of  this  river  consoled  him  with  the  idea, 
that,  should  he  fail  in  finding  his  way  back 
to  the  camp,  or  in  being  found  by  some  party 
of  his  comrades,  he  might  follow  the  course 
of  the  stream,  which  could  not  fail  to  conduct 
him  to  some  frontier  post  or  Indian  hamlet. 
So  closed  the  events  of  our  hap-hazard  buffalo 
hunt. 


S95 


CHAPTER  XXXIL 

A    REPUBLIC    OF    PRAIRIE    DOGS. 

On  returning  from  our  expedition  in  quest 
of  the  young  Count,  I  learned  that  a  great 
burrow,  or  village,  as  it  is  termed,  of  prairie 
dogs  had  been  discovered  on  the  level  sum- 
mit of  a  hill,  about  a  mile  from  the  camp. 
Late  in  the  afternoon  I  set  out  with  a  com- 
panion to  visit  it.  The  prairie  dog  is  a  little 
animal  of  the  cony  kind,  about  the  size  of  a 
rabbit,  of  a  sprightly  nature,  quick,  sensitive, 
mercurial,  and  somewhat  petulant.  He  is 
very  gregarious,  living  in  large  communities, 
sometimes  of  several  acres  in  extent,  where 
the  well -beaten  tracks  show  the  constant 
mobility  and  restlessness  of  the  inhabitants. 
They  seem,  in  fact,  continually  full  of  sport, 
business,  and  public  affairs  j  whisking  about 

o  4 


296  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

hither  and  thither,  as  if  on  visits  to  each 
other's  holes  ;  congregating  in  the  open  air, 
and  gambolling  together  in  the  cool  evenings 
after  showers.  Sometimes  they  pass  half 
the  night  in  revelry,  barking  and  yelping 
with  weak  tones,  like  very  young  puppies  : 
but  on  the  least  alarm  they  all  vanish  into 
their  cells,  and  the  village  remains  blank  and 
silent.  Should  they  be  surprised,  and  have 
no  means  of  escape,  they  assume  a  pugnacious 
air  and  a  most  whimsical  look  of  impotent 
wrath  and  defiance. 

The  prairie  dogs  are  not,  however,  the 
sole  inhabitants  of  these  villaofes.  Owls  and 
rattlesnakes  are  said  to  take  up  their  abodes 
with  them,  but  whether  invited  guests  or  un- 
Avelcome  intruders  is  a  matter  of  coatroversy. 
The  owls  are  of  a  peculiar  kind,  more  alert 
in  their  looks,  tall  on  their  legs,  and  rapid  in 
flight,  than  the  ordinary  species,  and  a  bird 
that  sallies  forth  in  broad  day.  Some  say 
they  only  inhabit  the  ruinous  habitations  of 
the  prairie  dogs,  which  the  latter  have  de- 
serted, in  consequence  of  the  death  of  some 


PRAIRIE    DOGS.  ^97 

relative  ;  for,  it  would  seem  that  the  sensi- 
bilities of  these  very  singular  little  dogs  will 
not  permit  them  to  remain  in  a  dwelling  in 
which  they  have  lost  a  friend.  Others  affirm, 
that  the  owl  is  a  kind  of  housekeeper  to  the 
prairie  dog ;  and,  from  having  a  note  very 
similar,  it  is  even  insinuated  that  it  teaches 
the  young  litter  to  bark,  being  employed  as  a 
family  preceptor ! 

As  to  the  rattlesnake,  nothing  satisfactory^ 
has  been  learnt  of  the  part  he  takes  in  the 
domestic  economy  of  this  most  interesting 
household.  Some  insinuate  that  he  is  a 
mere  sycophant  and  sharper,  and  takes  in 
the  honest,  credulous,  little  prairie  dogs  most 
sadly :  certain  it  is,  that,  from  being  now 
and  then  detected  with  one  of  the  young 
ones  of  the  family  in  his  maw,  he  evidently 
solaces  himself  in  private  with  more  than  the 
usual  perquisites  of  a  toad-eater. 

The  accounts  I  had  received  of  these  very 
social  and  politic  little  animals  made  me 
approach  the  village  with  great  interest. 
Unfortunately,   it  had  been    visited    in    the 

o  5 


298  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

course  of  the  day  by  some  of  the  rangers, 
who  had  even  shot  two  or  three  of  the  citi- 
zens. The  whole  community,  therefore,  was 
outraged  and  incensed :  sentinels  seemed  to 
have  been  posted  on  the  outskirts  ;  on  our 
approach  there  appeared  to  be  a  scampering 
in  of  the  picket-guards  to  give  the  alarm  ; 
whereupon  the  wary  citizens,  who  were 
seated  at  the  entrances  to  their  holes,  gave 
each  a  short  yelp,  or  bark,  and  dived  into 
the  earth,  his  heels  twinkling  in  the  air  as 
he  descended,  as  if  he  had  thrown  a  sum- 
merset. 

We  traversed  the  whole  village,  which 
covered  an  area  of  about  thirty  acres.  Not 
a  single  inhabitant  was  to  be  seen.  There 
were  innumerable  holes,  each  having  a  small 
hillock  of  earth  about  it,  thrown  out  by  the 
little  animal  in  burrowing  :  these  holes  were 
empty  as  far  as  we  could  probe  them  with 
the  ramrods  of  our  rifles  ;  nor  could  we 
unearth  either  dog,  or  owl,  or  rattlesnake. 
Moving  off  quietly  to  a  little  distance,  we  lay 
down  upon  the  ground,  and  watched  for  a 


PRAIRIE    DOGS.  ^99 

long  time  silent  and  motionless.  By  degrees 
some  cautious  old  citizen,  near  at  hand, 
would  slowly  put  forth  the  end  of  his  nose, 
but  instantly  withdrew  it.  Others,  farther 
off,  would  emerge  entirely,  but,  catching  a 
glance  of  us,  would  throw  a  summerset  and 
dive  back  into  their  holes.  At  length  the 
inhabitants  of  the  opposite  side  of  the  village, 
taking  courage  from  the  continued  stillness, 
would  steal  forth  and  hurry  off  to  a  distant 
hole,  as  if  to  the  residence  of  some  relative 
or  gossiping  friend,  where  they  might  com- 
pare notes  on  the  late  occurrences.  Others, 
still  more  bold,  assembled  in  little  knots  in 
the  streets  and  public  places  to  discuss  the 
recent  outrages  offered  to  the  commonwealth, 
and  the  atrocious  murders  of  their  fellow- 
citizens.  We  rose  from  the  ground  and 
moved  forward  softly  to  reconnoitre  them 
more  distinctly,  when  yelp !  yelp  !  yelp ! 
passed  from  mouth  to  mouth.  There  was  a 
sudden  dispersal.  We  caught  ghmpses  of 
twinkling  feet  in  every  direction,  and  in  an 
instant  all  had  vanished  into  the  earth. 

o  6 


300  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

The  dusk  of  the  evening  put  an  end  to 
our  observations  ;  but  late  in  the  night,  after 
our  return  to  the  camp,  we  could  hear  a 
faint  clamour  from  the  distant  village,  as  if 
the  inhabitants  were  lamenting  in  general 
assemblage  some  great  personage  that  had 
fallen  in  their  commonwealth. 


301 


CHAPTER  XXXIII. 

A  COUNCIL    IN    THE   CAMP. REASONS    FOR    FACING 

HOMEWARDS HORSES  LOST. DEPARTURE  WITH 

A    DETACHMENT    ON    THE    HOMEWARD    ROUTE. 

SWAMP. — WILI?  HORSE. CAMP  SCENE  BY  NIGHT. 

THE   OWL    THE    HARBINGER    OF    DAWN. 

While  breakfast  was  preparing,  a  council 
was  held  as  to  our  future  movements.  Symp- 
toms of  discontent  had  appeared  for  a  day  or 
two  past  among  the  rangers,  most  of  whom, 
unaccustomed  to  the  life  of  the  prairies,  had 
become  impatient  of  its  privations,  as  well  as 
of  the  restraints  of  the  camp.  The  want  of 
bread  had  been  felt  severely,  and  they  were 
wearied  with  constant  travel.  In  fact,  the 
novelty  and  excitement  of  the  expedition 
were  at  an  end.  They  had  hunted  the  deer, 
the  bear,  the  elk,  the  buffalo,  and  the  wild 


302  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

horse,  and  had  no  further  object  of  leading 
interest  to  look  forward  to.  A  general  in- 
clination prevailed,  therefore,  to  turn  home- 
wards. 

Grave  reasons  disposed  the  Captain  and 
his  officers  to  adopt  this  resolution.  Our 
horses  were  generally  much  jaded  by  the 
fatigues  of  travelling  and  hunting,  and  had 
fallen  away  sadly  for  want  of  good  pasturage, 
and  from  being  tethered  at  night,  to  protect 
them  from  Indian  depredations.  The  late 
rains,  too,  seemed  to  have  washed  away  the 
nourishment  from  the  scanty  herbage  that 
remained ;  and,  since  our  encampment  during 
the  storm,  our  horses  had  lost  flesh  and 
strength  rapidly.  With  every  possible  care, 
horses,  accustomed  to  grain,  and  to  the  re- 
gular and  plentiful  nourishment  of  the  stable 
and  the  farm,  lose  heart  and  condition  in  tra- 
velling on  the  prairies.  In  all  expeditions  of 
the  kind  we  were  engaged  in,  the  hardy  Inclian 
horses,  which  are  generally  **  mustangs," 
or  a  cross  of  the  wild  breed,  are  to  be  pre- 
ferred.    They  can  stand  all  fatigues,  hard- 


A    COUNCIL.  303 

ships,    and   privations,    and    thrive    on    the 
grasses  and  wild  herbage  of  the  plains. 

Our  men,  too,  had  acted  with  little  fore- 
thought ;  galloping  off,  whenever  they  had  a 
chance,  after  the  game  that  we  encountered 
while  on  the  march.  In  this  way  they  had 
strained  and  wearied  their  horses,  instead  of 
husbanding  their  strength  and  spirits.  On 
a  tour  of  the  kind,  horses  should  as  seldom 
as  possible  be  put  off  a  quiet  walk  ;  and  the 
average  day's  journey  should  not  exceed  ten 
miles. 

We  had  hoped,  by  pushing  forward,  to 
reach  the  bottoms  of  the  Red  River,  which 
abound  with  young  cane,  a  most  nourishing 
forage  for  cattle  at  this  season  of  the  year. 
It  was  the  time,  too,  when  the  hunting  par- 
ties of  Indians  set  fire  to  the  prairies  :  the 
herbage,  throughout  this  part  of  the  country, 
was  in  that  parched  state  favourable  to  com- 
bustion, and  there  was  daily  more  and  more 
risk  that  the  prairies  between  us  and  the 
fort  would  be  set  on  fire  by  some  of  the 
return  parties   of  Osages,   and  a  scorched 


304  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

desert  left  for  us  to  traverse.  In  a  word,  we 
had  started  too  late  in  the  season,  or  loitered 
too  much  in  the  early  part  of  our  march,  to 
accomplish  our  originally  intended  tour  ;  and 
there  was  imminent  hazard,  if  we  continued 
^  on,  that  we  should  lose  the  greater  part  of  our 
horses,  and,  besides  suffering  various  other 
inconveniences,  be  obliged  to  return  on  foot. 
It  was,  determined,  therefore,  to  give  up  all 
further  progress,  and,  turning  our  faces  to 
the  south-east,  to  make  the  best  of  our  way 
back  to  Fort  Gibson. 

This  resolution  being  taken,  there  was  an 
immediate  eagerness  to  put  it  into  operation. 
Several  horses,  however,  were  missing ;  and 
among  others,  those  of  the  Captain  and  the 
Surgeon.  Persons  had  gone  in  search  of 
them,  but  the  morning  advanced  without 
any  tidings  of  them.  Our  party,  in  the 
mean  time,  being  all  ready  for  a  march,  the 
Commissioner  determined  to  set  off  in  the 
advance,  with  his  original  escort  of  a  lieu-^ 
tenant  and  fourteen  rangers,  leaving  the 
Captain  to  come  on  at  his  convenience  with 


RETURN    HOMEWARDS.  305 

the  main  body.  At  ten  o'clock,  we  accord- 
ingly started,  under  the  guidance  of  Beatte, 
who  had  hunted  over  this  part  of  the  country, 
and  knew  the  direct  route  to  the  garrison. 
For  some  distance  we  skirted  the  prairies, 
keeping  a  south-east  direction  ;  and  in  the 
course  of  our  ride,  we  saw  a  variety  of  wild 
animals,  deer,  white  and  black  wolves,  buf- 
faloes, and  wild  horses.  To  the  latter,  our 
half-breeds  and  Tonish  gave  ineffectual  chase, 
only  serving  to  add  to  the  weariness  of  their 
already  jaded  steeds. 

Indeed,  it  is  rarely  that  any  but  the  weaker 
and  least  fleet  of  the  wild  horses  are  taken  in 
these  hard  racings,  while  the  horse  of  the 
huntsman  is  prone  to  be  knocked  up. 

The  latter,  in  fact,  risks  a  good  horse  to 
catch  a  bad  one.  On  this  occasion,  Tonish, 
who  was  a  perfect  imp  on  horseback,  and 
noted  for  ruining  every  animal  he  bestrode, 
succeeded  in  laming  and  almost  disabling 
the  powerful  grey,  on  which  we  had  mounted 
him  at  the  outset  of  our  tour. 


306  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

After  proceeding  a  few  miles  we  left  the 
prairie,  and  struck  to  the  east,  taking  what 
Beatte  pronounced  an  old  Osage  war  track. 
This  led  us  through  a  rugged  tract  of  coun- 
try, overgrown  with  scrubbed  forests  and 
entangled  thickets,  and  intersected  by  deep 
ravines  and  fresh  running  streams,  the  sources 
of  Little  River.  About  three  o'clock  we 
encamped  by  some  pools  of  water  in  a  small 
valley,  having  come  about  fourteen  miles. 
We  had  brought  on  a  supply  of  provisions 
from  our  last  camp,  and  supped  heartily  upon 
stewed  buffalo  meat,  roasted  venison,  beignets, 
or  fritters  of  flour  fried  in  bear's  lard,  and 
tea  made  of  a  species  of  the  golden  rod,  which 
we  had  found,  throughout  our  route,  almost 
as  grateful  a  beverage  as  coffee.  Indeed, 
our  coffee,  which,  as  long  as  it  held  out,  had 
been  served  up  with  every  meal,  according 
to  the  custom  of  the  West,  was  by  no  means 
a  beverage  to  boast  of.  It  was  roasted  in  a 
frying-pan,  without  much  care,  pounded  in  a 
leathern  bag,  with  a  round  stone,  and  boiled 
in  our  prime  and  almost  only  kitchen  utensil, 


RETURN    HOMEWARDS.  307 

the  camp  kettle,  in  "  branch"  or  brook  water, 
which  on  the  prairies  is  deeply  coloured  by 
the  soil,  of  which  it  always  holds  abundant 
particles  in  a  state  of  solution  and  suspension. 
In  fact,  in  the  course  of  our  tour,  we  had 
tasted  the  quality  of  every  variety  of  soil,  and 
the  draughts  of  water  we  had  taken  might 
vie  in  diversity  of  colour,  if  not  of  flavour, 
with  the  tinctures  of  an  apothecary's  shop. 
Pure  limpid  water  is  a  rare  luxury  on  the 
prairies,  at  least  at  this  season  of  the  year. 

Supper  over,  we  placed  sentinels  about 
our  scanty  and  diminished  camp,  spread  our 
skins  and  blankets  under  the  trees,  now 
nearly  destitute  of  foliage,  and  slept  soundly 
until  morning. 

We  had  a  beautiful  daybreak.  The  camp 
again  resounded  with  cheerful  voices  ;  every 
one  was  animated  with  the  thoughts  of  soon 
being  at  the  Fort,  and  revelling  on  bread  and 
vegetables.  Even  our  saturnine  man,  Beatte, 
seemed  inspired  on  the  occasion  ;  and,  as  he 
drove  up  the  horses  for  the  march,  I  heard 
him  singing,  in  nasal  tones,  a  most  forlorn 


308  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

Indian  ditty.  All  this  transient  gaiety,  how- 
ever, soon  died  away  under  the  fatigues  of 
our  march,  which  lay  through  the  same  kind 
of  rough,  hilly,  thicketed  country,  as  that  of 
yesterday.  In  the  course  of  the  morning 
we  arrived  at  the  valley  of  Little  River,  where 
it  wound  through  a  broad  bottom  of  alluvial 
soil.  At  present  it  had  overflowed  its  banks, 
and  inundated  a  great  part  of  the  valley. 
The  difficulty  was  to  distinguish  the  stream 
from  the  broad  sheets  of  water  it  had  formed, 
and  to  find  a  place  where  it  might  be  forded  ; 
for  it  was  in  general  deep  and  miry,  with 
abrupt  crumbling  banks.  Under  the  pilotage 
of  Beatte,  therefore,  we  wandered  some  time 
among  the  links  made  by  this  winding  stream, 
in  what  appeared  to  us  a  trackless  labyrinth 
of  swamps,  thickets,  and  standing  pools. 
Sometimes  our  jaded  horses  dragged  their 
limbs  forward  with  the  utmost  difficulty, 
having  to  toil,  for  a  great  distance,  with  the 
water  up  to  the  stirrups,  and  beset  at  the 
bottom  with  roots, and  creeping  plants.  Some- 
times we  had  to  force  our  way  through  dense 


RETURN    HOMEWARDS.  309 

thickets  of  brambles  and  grape  vines,  which 
almost  pulled  us  out  of  our  saddles.  In  one 
place  one  of  the  pack  horses  sank  in  the 
mire,  and  fell  on  his  side,  so  as  to  be  extri- 
cated with  great  difficulty.  Wherever  the 
soil  w^as  bare,  or  there  was  a  sand-bank,  we 
beheld  innumerable  tracks  of  bears,  wolves, 
buffaloes,  wild  horses,  turkeys,  and  water- 
fowl, showing  the  abundant  sport  this  valley 
might  afford  to  the  huntsman ;  our  men, 
however,  were  sated  with  hunting,  and  too 
weary  to  be  excited  by  these  signs,  which,  in 
the  outset  of  our  tour,  would  have  put  them 
in  a  fever  of  anticipation.  Their  only  desire 
at  present  was  to  push  on  doggedly  for  the 
fortress. 

At  length  we  succeeded  in  finding  a  ford- 
ing-place,  where  we  all  crossed  Little  River, 
with  the  water  and  mire  to  the  saddle-girths, 
and  then  halted  an  hour  and  a  half  to  overhaul 
the  wet  baggage,  and  give  the  horses  time 
to  rest. 

On  resuming  our  march,  we  came  to  a 
pleasant  little  meadow,  surrounded  by  groves 


310  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

of  elms  and  cotton -wood  trees,  in  the  midst 
of  which  was  a  fine  black  horse  grazing. 
Beatte,  who  was  in  the  advance,  beckoned 
us  to  halt,  and,  being  momited  on  a  mare, 
approached  the  horse  gently,  step  by  step, 
imitating  the  whinny  of  the  animal  with  ad- 
mirable exactness.  The  noble  courser  of 
the  prairie  gazed  for  a  time,  snuffed  the  air, 
neighed,  pricked  up  his  ears,  and  pranced 
round  and  round  the  mare  in  gallant  style, 
but  keeping  at  too  great  a  distance  for  Beatte 
to  throw  the  lariat.  He  was  a  magnificent 
object,  in  all  the  pride  and  glory  of  his 
nature.  It  was  admirable  to  see  the  lofty 
and  airy  carriage  of  his  head,  the  freedom 
of  every  movement,  the  elasticity  with  which 
he  trod  the  meadow.  Finding  it  impossible 
to  get  within  noosing  distance,  and  seeing 
that  the  horse  was  receding  and  growing 
alarmed,  Beatte  slid  down  from  his  saddle, 
levelled  his  rifle  across  the  back  of  his  mare, 
and  took  aim  with  the  evident  intention  of 
creasing  him.  I  felt  a  throb  of  anxiety  for 
the  safetv   of  the  noble  animal,  and  called 


RETURN    HOMEWARDS.  311 

out  to  Beatte  to  desist.  It  was  too  late.  He 
pulled  the  trigger  as  I  spoke :  luckily  he 
did  not  shoot  with  his  usual  accuracy,  and 
I  had  the  satisfaction  to  see  the  coal-black 
steed  dash  off  unharmed  into  the  forest. 

On  leaving  this  valley  we  again  ascended 
among  broken  hills  and  rugged,  ragged 
forests,  equally  harassing  to  horse  and  rider. 
Tlie  ravines,  too,  were  of  red  clay,  and  often 
so  steep,  that,  in  descending,  the  horses 
would  put  their  feet  together  and  fairly  slide 
down,  and  then  scramble  up  the  opposite 
side  like  cats.  Here  and  there  among  the 
thickets  in  the  valleys,  we  met  with  sloes 
and  the  persimmon  ;  and  the  eagerness  with 
which  our  men  broke  from  the  line  of  march, 
and  ran  to  gather  these  poor  fruits,  showed 
how  much  they  craved  some  vegetable  ali- 
ment after  living  so  long  exclusively  on 
animal  food. 

About  half  past  three  we  encamped  near  a 
brook,  in  a  meadow,  where  there  was  some 
scanty  herbage  for  our  half-famished  horses. 
As  Beatte  had  killed  a  fat  doe  in  the  course 


31^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

of  the  clay,  and  one  of  our  company  a  fine 
turkey,  we  did  not  lack  provisions. 

It  was  a  splendid  autumnal  evening.  The 
horizon,  after  sunset,  was  of  a  clear  apple 
green,  rising  into  a  delicate  lake,  which  gra- 
dually lost  itself  in  a  deep  purple  blue.  One 
narrow  streak  of  cloud,  of  a  mahogany 
colour,  edged  Avith  amber  and  gold,  floated 
in  the  west,  and  just  beneath  it  was  the 
evening  star,  shining  with  the  pure  brilliancy 
of  the  diamond. 

In  unison  with  this  scene  there  was  an 
evening  concert  of  insects,  of  various  kinds, 
all  blended  and  harmonised  into  one  sober 
and  somewhat  melancholy  note,  which  I  have 
always  found  to  have  a  soothing  effect  upon 
the  mind,  disposing  it  to  quiet  musings. 

We  had  again  a  beautiful  night.  The 
tired  rangers,  after  a  little  murmuring  con- 
versation around  their  fires,  soon  sunk  to 
rest.  There  was  a  faint  light  from  the 
moon,  now  in  its  second  quarter  ;  and  after 
it  had  set,  a  fine  starlight,  with  shooting 
meteors.    It  is  delightful  in  thus  bivouacking 


CAMP    SCENE.  313 

on  th^  prairies,  to  lie  and  gaze  at  the  stars  ; 
it  is  like  watching  them  from  the  deck  of  a 
ship  at  sea.  One  realises,  in  such  lonely 
scenes,  that  companionship  with  these  beauti- 
ful luminaries  that  made  astronomers  of  the 
Eastern  shepherds  as  they  watched  their 
flocks  by  night.  How  often,  while  contem- 
plating their  mild  and  benignant  radiance,  I 
have  called  to  mind  the  exquisite  text  of 
Job,  **  Canst  thou  bind  the  secret  influences 
of  the  Pleiades,  or  loose  the  bands  of  Orion?" 
I  do  not  know  why  it  was,  but  I  felt  this 
night  unusually  affected  by  the  solemn  mag- 
nificence of  the  firmament,  and  seemed,  as  I 
lay  thus  under  the  open  vault  of  heaven,  to 
inhale  with  the  pure  untainted  air  an  exhi- 
larating buoyancy  of  spirit,  yet  a  delightful 
tranquillity  of  mind.  I  slept  and  waked 
alternately,  and  when  I  slept,  my  dreams 
partook  of  the  happy  tone  of  my  waking 
reveries.  Towards  morning,  one  of  the  sen- 
tinels, the  oldest  man  in  the  troop,  came 
and  took  a  seat  near  me  :  he  was  weary  and 
sleepy,  and  impatient  to  be  relieved, 

P 


314  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

I  found  he  had  been  gazing  at  the 
heavens  also,  but  with  diflferent  feelings. 
**  If  the  stars  don't  deceive  me,"  said  he, 
*'  it  is  near  daybreak." 

'*  There  can  be  no  doubt  of  that,"  said 
Beatte,  who  lay  close  by :  "I  heard  an  owl 
just  now. 

*'  Does  the  owl,  then,  hoot  towards  day- 
break ?"  asked  I. 

"  Ay,  sir,  just  as  the  cock  crows."  This 
was  a  useful  habitude  of  the  bird  of  wisdom, 
of  which  I  was  not  aware.  Neither  the 
stars  nor  owl  deceived  their  votaries.  In  a 
short  time  there  was  a  faint  streak  of  light 
in  the  east. 


3U 


CHAPTER   XXXIV. 


'OLD    CREEK    ENCAMPMENT. SCARCITY   OF    PROVI- 
SIONS.—  BAD    WEATHER WEARY   MARCHING. 

A  hunter's  bridge. 


The  country  through  which  we  passed  this 
morning  (November  2.)  was  less  rugged, 
and  of  more  agreeable  aspect,  than  that  we 
had  lately  traversed.  At  eleven  o'clock  we 
came  out  upon  an  extensive  prairie,  and 
about  six  miles  to  our  left  beheld  a  long  line 
of  green  forest,  marking  the  course  of  the 
North  Fork  of  the  Arkansas.  On  the  edge 
of  the  prairie,  and  in  a  spacious  grove  of 
noble  trees  which  overshadowed  a  small 
brook,  were  the  traces  of  an  old  Creek  hunt- 
ing camp.  On  the  bark  of  the  trees  were 
rude  delineations  of  hunters  and  squaws, 
scrawled  with  charcoal ;  together  with  vari^ 

p  2 


316  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

ous  signs  and  hieroglyphics,  which  our  half- 
breeds  interpreted  as  indicating  that  from 
this  encampment  the  hunters  had  returned 
home. 

In  this  beautiful  camping  ground  we  made 
our  mid-day  halt.  While  reposing  under  the 
trees,  we  heard  a  shouting  at  no  great  dis- 
tance, and  presently  the  Captain  and  the 
main  body  of  the  rangers,  whom  we  had  left 
behind  two  days  before,  emerged  from  the 
thicket,  and,  crossing  the  brook,  were  joy- 
fully welcomed  into  the  camp.  The  Cap- 
tain and  the  Doctor  had  been  unsuccessful 
in  the  search  after  their  horses,  and  were 
obliged  to  march  for  the  greater  part  of  the 
time  on  foot ;  but  they  had  come  on  with 
more  than  ordinary  speed. 

We  commenced  our  march  about  one 
o'clock,  keeping  easterly,  and  approaching 
the  North  Fork  obliquely.  It  was  late  before 
we  found  a  good  camping  place  :  the  beds 
of  the  streams  were  dry ;  the  prairies,  too, 
had  been  burnt  in  various  places  by  Indian 
hunting  parties  :  at  length  we  found  water 


BAD    WEATHER.  317 

in  a  small  alluvial  bottom,  where  there  was 
tolerable  pasturage. 

On  the  following  morning  there  were 
flashes  of  lightning  in  the  east,  with  low 
rumbling  thunder,  and  clouds  began  to 
gather  about  the  horizon.  Beatte  prognosti- 
cated rain,  and  that  the  wind  would  veer  to 
the  north.  In  the  course  of  our  march  a 
flock  of  cranes  were  seen  over-head,  flying 
from  the  north  :  **  There  comes  the  wind!" 
said  Beatte  ;  and,  in  fact,  it  began  to  blow 
from  that  quarter  almost  immediately,  with 
occasional  flurries  of  rain.  About  half  past 
nine  o'clock  we  forded  the  North  Fork  of  the 
Canadian,  and  encamped  about  one  ;  that 
our  hunters  might  have  time  to  beat  up  the 
neighbourhood  for  game.  In  fact,  a  serious 
scarcity  began  to  prevail  in  the  camp.  Most 
of  the  rangers  were  young,  heedless,  and 
inexperienced,  and  could  not  be  prevailed 
upon,  when  provisions  abounded,  to  provide 
for  the  future,  by  jerking  meat,  or  carrying 
away  any  on  their  horses.  On  leaving  an 
encampment,  they  would  leave  quantities  of 

P  3 


318  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES, 

meat  Ijing  about,  trusting  to  Providence  and 
their  rifles  for  a  future  supply.  The  conse- 
quence was,  that  any  temporary  scarcity  of 
game,  or  ill  luck  in  hunting,  produced  al- 
most a  famine  in  the  camp.  In  the  present 
instance  they  had  left  loads  of  buffalo  meat 
at  the  camp  on  the  Great  Prairie ;  and, 
having  ever  since  been  on  a  forced  march, 
leaving  no  time  for  hunting,  they  were  now 
destitute  of  supplies,  and  pinched  with  hunger. 
Some  had  not  eaten  any  thing  since  the 
morning  of  the  preceding  day.  Nothing 
would  have  persuaded  them,  when  revelling 
in  the  abundance  of  the  buffalo  encampment^ 
that  they  would  so  soon  be  in  such  famish- 
ing plight. 

The  hunters  returned  with  indifferent 
success.  The  game  had  been  frightened 
away  from  this  part  of  the  country  by  Indian 
hunting  parties  which  had  preceded  us.  Ten 
or  a  dozen  wild  turkeys  were  brought  in» 
but  not  a  deer  had  been  seen.  The  rangers 
began  to  think  turkeys,  and  even  prairie 
hens,  deserving  of  attention  ;    game  which 


A    BUCK    SHOT.  319 

they  had   hitherto  considered   unworthy  of 
their  rifles. 

The  night  was  cold  and  windy,  with  oc- 
casional sprinklings  of  rain ;  but  we  had 
roaring  fires  to  keep  us  comfortable.  la 
the  night  a  flight  of  wild  geese  passed  over 
the  camp,  making  a  great  cackling  in  the 
air  ;   symptoms  of  approaching  winter. 

We  set  forward  at  an  early  hour  the  next 
morning,  in  a  north-east  course,  and  came 
upon  the  trace  of  a  party  of  Creek  Indians, 
which  enabled  our  poor  horses  to  travel  with 
more  ease.  We  entered  upon  a  fine  cham- 
paign country.  From  a  rising  ground  we 
had  a  noble  prospect  over  extensive  prairies, 
finely  diversified  by  groves  and  tracts  of 
woodland,  and  bounded  by  long  lines  of 
distant  hills,  all  clothed  with  the  rich  mellow 
tints  of  autumn.  Game,  too,  was  more 
plenty.  A  fine  buck  sprang  up  from  among 
the  herbage  on  our  right,  and  dashed  off  at 
full  speed ;  but  a  young  ranger,  by  the  name 
of  Childers,  who  was  on  foot,  levelled  his  rifle, 
discharged  a  ball  that  broke  the  neck  of  the 

P  4 


3^0  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

bounding  deer,  and  sent  him  tumbling  head 
over  heels  forward.  Another  buck  and  a 
doe,  beside  several  turkeys,  were  killed  be- 
fore we  came  to  a  halt ;  so  that  the  hungry- 
mouths  of  the  troop  were  once  more  sup- 
plied. 

About  three  o^clock  we  encamped  in  a 
grove,  after  a  forced  march  of  twenty-five 
miles,  that  had  proved  a  hard  trial  to  the 
horses.  For  a  long  time  after  the  head  of 
the  line  had  encamped,  the  rest  kept  strag- 
gling in,  two  and  three  at  a  time  :  one  of 
our  pack-horses  had  given  out,  about  nine 
miles  back,  and  a  pony  belonging  to  Beatte 
shortly  after.  Many  of  the  other  horses 
looked  so  gaunt  and  feeble,  that  doubts  had 
been  entertained  of  their  being  able  to  reach 
the  fort.  In  the  night  there  was  heavy 
rain,  and  the  morning  dawned  cloudy  and 
dismal.  The  camp  resounded,  however, 
with  something  of  its  former  gaiety.  The 
rangers  had  supped  well,  and  were  reno- 
vated in  spirits,  anticipating  a  speedy  arrival 
at  the  garrison.     Before  we  set  forward  oa 


'WEARY    MARCHING.  8^1 

our  march,  Beatte  returned  and  brought  his 
pony  to  the  camp,  with  great  difficultyc 
The  pack-horse,  however,  was  completely 
knocked  up,  and  was  of  necessity  abandoned. 
The  wild  mare,  too,  had  cast  her  foal,  through 
exhaustion,  and  was  not  in  a  state  to  go 
forward.  She  and  the  pony,  therefore, 
were  left  at  this  encampment,  where  there 
was  water  and  good  pasturage,  and  where 
there  would  be  a  chance  of  their  reviving, 
and  being  afterwards  sought  out,  and 
brought  to  the  garrison. 

We  set  off  about  eight  o'clock,  and  had  a 
day  of  weary  and  harassing  travel,  part  of 
the  time  over  rough  hills,  and  part  over  roll- 
ing prairies.  The  rain  had  rendered  the 
soil  slippery  and  plashy,  so  as  to  afford  un- 
steady foot-hold.  Some  of  the  rangers  dis- 
mounted, their  horses  having  no  longer  the 
stren<j^th  to  bear  them.  We  made  a  halt  in 
the  course  of  the  morning,  when  the  horses 
were  too  tired  to  graze.  Several  of  them 
lay  down,  and  there  was  some  difficulty  in 
getting  them  on  their  feet  again.    Our  troop 

p  5 


32^  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

presented  a  forlorn  appearance,  straggling' 
slowly  along,  in  a  broken  and  scattered  line 
that  extended  over  hill  and  dale  for  three 
miles  and  upwards,  in  groups  of  three  and 
four,  widely  apart,  some  on  horseback,  some 
on  foot,  with  a  few  laggards  far  in  the  rear. 
About  four  o'clock  we  halted  for  the  night  in 
a  spacious  forest,  beside  a  deep  narrow  river 
called  the  Little  North  Fork,  or  Deep  Creek. 
It  was  late  before  the  main  part  of  the  troop 
straggled  into  the  encampment  ;  many  of  the 
horses  having  given  out.  As  the  stream  was 
too  deep  to  .be  forded,  we  waited  until  the 
next  day,  to  devise  means  to  cross  it ;  but 
our  half-breeds  swam  the  horses  of  our  party 
to  the  other  side  in  the  evening,  as  they 
would  have  better  pasturage,  and  the  stream 
was  evidently  swelling.  The  night  was  cold 
and  unruly ;  the  wind  sounding  hoarsely 
through  the  forest,  and  whirling  about  the 
dry  leaves.  We  made  large  fires  of  great 
trunks  of  trees,  which  diffused  something  of 
consolation,  if  not  cheerfulness,  around. 


A  hunter's  bridge.  323 

The  next  morning,  general  permission 
was  given  to  hunt  until  twelve  o'clock,  the 
camp  being  destitute  of  provisions.  The 
rich  woody  ground  on  which  we  were  en- 
camped abounded  with  wild  turkeys,  of  which 
a  considerable  number  were  killed.  In  the 
mean  time  preparations  were  made  for  cross- 
ing the  river,  which  had  risen  several  feet 
during  the  night ;  and  it  was  determined  to 
fell  trees  to  serve  the  purpose  of  bridges. 
The  Captain  and  Doctor,  and  one  or  two 
other  leaders  of  the  camp,  versed  in  wood- 
craft, examined  with  learned  eye  the  trees 
growing  on  the  river  bank,  until  they  singled 
out  a  couple  of  the  largest  size  and  most 
suitable  inclination.  The  axe  was  then  vi- 
gorously applied  to  their  roots  in  such  a  way 
as  to  ensure  their  falling  directly  across  the 
stream.  As  they  did  not  reach  to  the  op« 
posite  bank,  it  was  necessary  for  some  of  the 
men  to  swim  across,  and  fell  trees  on  the 
other  side  to  meet  them.  They  at  length 
succeeded  in  making  a  precarious  footway 
across  the  deep  and  rapid  current,  by  which 

P  6 


5£4i  TOUR    ON   THE   PRAIRIES, 

the  baggage  could  be  carried  over ;  but  it 
was  necessary  to  grope  our  way,  step  by 
step,  along  the  trunks  and  main  branches  of 
the  trees,  which,  for  a  part  of  the  distance, 
were  completely  submerged,  so  that  we  were 
to  our  waists  in  water.  Most  of  the  horses 
were  then  swum  across,  but  some  them  were 
too  weak  to  brave  the  current ;  and  evi- 
dently too  much  knocked  up  to  bear  any 
further  travel. 

Twelve  men,  therefore,  were  left  at  the 
encampment  to  guard  these  horses,  until,  by 
repose  and  good  pasturage,  they  should  be 
sufficiently  recovered  to  complete  their  jour- 
ney;  and  the  Captain  engaged  to  send  the 
men  a  supply  of  flour  and  other  necessaries 
as  soon  as  we  should  arrive  at  the  fort. 


3^5 


CHAPTER  XXXV. 


A  LOOK-OUT    FOR    LAND. —  HARD  TRAVELLING  AND 

HUNGRY    HALTING. A    FRONTIER    FARM-HOUSE, 

ARRIVAL    AT    THE    GARRISON. 


It  was  a  little  after  one  o*clock  when  we 
again  resumed  our  weary  wayfaring.  The 
residue  of  that  day  and  the  whole  of  the 
next  were  spent  in  toilsome  travel.  Part  of 
the  way  was  over  stony  hills,  part  across 
wide  prairies,  rendered  spongy  and  miry  by 
the  recent  rain,  and  cut  up  by  brooks  swollen 
into  torrents.  Our  poor  horses  were  so 
feeble,  that  it  was  with  difficulty  we  could 
get  them  across  the  deep  ravines  and  tur- 
bulent streams.  In  traversing  the  miry 
plains,  they  slipped  and  staggered  at  every 
step  ',  and  most  of  us  were  obliged  to  dis- 
mount and  walk  for  the  greater  part  of  the 


3^6  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

way.  Hunger  prevailed  throughout  the  troop ; 
every  one  began  to  look  anxious  and  haggard, 
and  to  feel  the  growing  length  of  every  addi- 
tional mile.  At  one  time,  in  crossing  a  hill, 
Beatte  climbed  a  high  tree,  commanding  a 
wide  prospect,  and  took  a  look-out,  like  a 
mariner  from  the  mast-head  at  sea.  He 
came  down  with  cheering  tidings.  To  the 
left  he  had  beheld  a  line  of  forest  stretching 
across  the  country,  which  he  knew  to  be  the 
woody  border  of  the  Arkansas  ;  and  at  a 
distance  he  had  recognised  certain  landmarks, 
from  which  he  concluded  that  we  could  not 
be  above  forty  miles  distant  from  the  fort. 
It  was  like  the  welcome  cry  of  land  to  tem- 
pest-tost mariners. 

In  fact,  we  soon  after  saw  smoke  rising 
from  a  woody  glen  at  a  distance.  It  was 
supposed  to  be  made  by  a  hunting  party  of 
Creek  or  Osage  Indians  from  the  neighbour- 
hood of  the  fort,  and  was  joyfully  hailed  as 
a  harbinger  of  man.  It  was  now  confidently 
hoped  that  we  should  soon  arrive  among  the 
frontier  hamlets  of  Creek  Indians,  which  are 


HUNGRY    HALTING.  3^7 

scattered  along  the  skirts  of  the  uninhabited 
wilderness ;  and  our  hungry  rangers  trudged 
forward  with  reviving  spirits,  regaling  them- 
selves with  savoury  anticipations  of  farm-house 
luxuries,  and  enumerating  every  article  of 
good  cheer,  until  their  mouths  fairly  watered 
at  the  shadowy  feasts  thus  conjured  up. 

A  hungry  night,  however,  closed  in  upon 
a  toilsome  day.  We  encamped  on  the  border 
of  one  of  the  tributary  streams  of  the  Arkan- 
sas, amidst  the  ruins  of  a  stately  grove  that 
had  been  riven  by  a  hurricane.  The  blast 
had  torn  its  way  through  the  forest  in  a 
narrow  column,  and  its  course  was  marked 
by  enormous  trees  shivered,  and  splintered, 
and  upturned,  with  their  roots  in  the  air  ; 
all  lying  in  one  direction,  like  so  many  brittle 
reeds,  broken  and  trodden  down  by  the 
hunter. 

Here  was  fuel  in  abundance,  without  the 
labour  of  the  axe.  We  had  soon  immense 
fires  blazing  and  sparkling  in  the  frosty  air, 
and  lighting  up  the  whole  forest ;  but,  alas  ! 
we    had   no    meat  to   cook  at  them.     The 


3^8  TOUR   ON    THE   PRAIRIES. 

scarcity  in  the  camp  almost  amounted  to 
famine.  Happy  was  he  who  had  a  morsel 
of  jerked  meat,  or  even  the  half-picked  bones 
of  a  former  repast.  For  our  part,  Ave  were 
more  lucky  at  our  mess  than  our  neighbours, 
one  of  our  men  having-  shot  a  turkey.  We 
had  no  bread  to  eat  Avith  it,  nor  salt  to  season 
it  withal.  It  was  simply  boiled  in  water  ; 
the  latter  was  served  up  as  soup,  and  we 
were  fain  to  rub  each  morsel  of  the  turkey 
on  the  empty  salt  bag,  in  hopes  some  saline 
particle  might  remain  to  relieve  its  insipidity. 

The  night  was  biting  cold  ;  the  brilliant 
moonlight  sparkled  on  the  frosty  crystals 
which  covered  every  object  around  us.  The 
water  froze  beside  the  skins  on  which  we 
bivouacked,  and  in  the  morning  I  found  the 
blanket  in  which  I  was  wrapped  covered  with 
a  hoar-frost ;  yet  I  had  never  slept  more  com- 
fortably. 

After  a  shadow  of  a  breakfast,  consistins; 
of  turkey  bones,  and  a  cup  of  coffee  without 
sugar,  we  decamped  at  an  early  hour ;  for 
hunger  is  a  sharp  quickener  on  a  journey. 


PRAIRIE    HENS.  329 

The  prairies  were  all  gemmed  with  frost, 
that  covered  the  tall  weeds  and  glistened  in 
the  sun.  We  saw  great  flights  of  prairie 
hens,  that  hovered  from  tree  to  tree,  or  sat 
in  rows  along  the  naked  branches,  waiting 
until  the  sun  should  melt  the  frost  from  the 
weeds  and  herbage.  Our  rangers  no  longer 
despised  such  humble  game,  but  turned  from 
their  ranks  in  pursuit  of  a  prairie  hen  as 
eagerly  as  they  formerly  would  go  in  pursuit 
of  ^  deer. 

Every  one  now  pushed  forward,  anxious 
to  arrive  at  some  human  habitation  before 
night.  The  poor  horses  were  urged  beyond 
their  strength,  in  the  thought  of  soon  being 
able  to  indemnify  them  for  present  toil  by 
rest  and  ample  provender.  Still  the  distance 
seemed  to  stretch  out  more  than  ever,  and 
the  blue  hills,  pointed  out  as  landmarks  on 
the  horizon,  to  recede  as  we  advanced.  Every 
step  became  a  labour  :  every  now  antl  then  a 
miserable  horse  would  give  out  and  lie  down. 
His  owner  would  rouse  him  by  main  strength ; 
force  him  forward  to  the  margin  of  some 


380  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

stream  where  there  might  be  a  scanty  border 
of  herbage,  and  then  abandon  him  to  his  fate. 
Among  those  that  were  thus  left  on  the  way- 
was  one  of  the  led  horses  of  the  Count,  a 
prime  hunter,  that  had  taken  the  lead  of 
every  thing  in  the  chase  of  the  wild  horses. 
It  was  intended,  however,  as  soon  as  we 
should  arrive  at  the  fort,  to  send  out  a  party 
provided  with  corn,  to  bring  in  such  of  the 
horses  as  should  survive. 

In  the  course  of  the  morning  we  came 
upon  Indian  tracks,  crossing  each  other  in 
various  directions  ;  a  proof  that  we  must  be 
in  the  neighbourhood  of  human  habitations. 
At  length,  on  passing  through  a  skirt  of 
woods,  we  beheld  two  or  three  log  houses, 
sheltered  under  lofty  trees  on  the  border  of  a 
prairie,  the  habitations  of  Creek  Indians, 
who  had  small  farms  adjacent.  Had  they 
been  sumptuous  viWas,  abounding  with  the 
luxuries  of  civilisation,  they  could  not  have 
been  hailed  with  greater  delight. 

Some  of  the  rangers  rode  up  to  them  in 
quest  of  food  ;  the  greater  part,  however, 


A    FRONTIER    FARM-HOUSE.  331 

pushed  forward  in  search  of  the  habitation  of 
a  white  settler,  which  we  were  told  was  at 
no  great  distance.  The  troop  soon  disap- 
peared among  the  trees,  and  I  followed  slowly 
in  their  track  ;  for  my  once  fleet  and  generous 
steed  faltered  under  me,  and  was  just  able 
to  drag  one  foot  after  the  other  ;  yet  I  was 
too  weary  and  exhausted  to  spare  him. 

In  this  way  we  crept  feebly  on,  until,  on 
turning  a  thick  clump  of  trees,  a  frontier 
farm-house  suddenly  presented  itself  to 
view.  It  was  a  low  tenement  of  logs  over- 
shadowed by  great  forest  trees ;  but  it  seemed 
as  if  a  very  region  of  cocaigne  prevailed 
around  it.  Here  was  a  stable,  and  barn  and 
granaries  teeming  with  abundance ;  while 
legions  of  grunting  swine,  gobbling  turkeys, 
cackling  hens,  and  strutting  roosters,  swarm- 
ed about  the  farm-yard. 

My  poor  jaded  and  half-famished  horse 
raised  his  head,  and  pricked  up  his  ears  at 
these  well  known  sights  and  sounds.  He  gave 
a  chuckling  inward  sound,  something  like  a 


882  TOUR    ON    THE    PRAIRIES. 

dry  laugh  ;  whisked  his  tail,  and  made  great 
leeway  toward  a  corn  crib,  filled  with  golden 
ears  of  maize  ;  and  it  was  with  some  difficulty 
that  I  could  control  his  course,  and  steer  him 
up  to  the  door  of  the  cabin. 

A  single  glance  within  was  sufficient  to 
rouse  every  gastronomic  faculty.  There  sat 
the  Captain  of  the  rangers  and  his  officers 
round  a  three-legged  table  crowned  by  a 
broad  and  smoking  dish  of  boiled  beef  and 
turnips.  I  sprang  off  my  horse  in  an  instant, 
cast  him  loose  to  make  his  way  to  the  corn 
crib,  and  entered  this  palace  of  plenty.  A 
fat  good-humoured  negress  received  me  at 
the  door.  She  was  the  mistress  of  the  house, 
the  spouse  of  the  white  man,  who  was  absent. 
I  hailed  her  as  some  swart  fairy  of  the  wild, 
that  had  suddenly  conjured  up  a  banquet  in  a 
desert ;  and  a  banquet  it  was  in  good  sooth. 
In  a  twinkling  she  lugged  from  the  fire  a 
huge  iron  pot  that  might  have  rivalled  one 
of  the  famous  flesh-pots  of  Egj^t,  or  the 
witches'  caldron  in  Macbeth.  Placing  a 
brown  earthen  dish  on  the  floor,  she  inclined 


FARM-HOUSE    FARE.  S3S 

the  corpulent  caldron  on  one  side,  and  out 
leaped  sundry  great  morsels  of  beef,  with  a 
regiment  of  turnips  tumbling  after  them,  and 
a  rich  cascade  of  broth  overflowing  the  whole. 
This  she  handed  me  with  an  ivory  smile  that 
extended  from  ear  to  ear  ;  apologising  for 
her  humble  fare  and  the  humble  style  in 
which  it  was  served  up.  Humble  fare ! 
humble  style  I  Boiled  beef  and  turnips  — 
and  an  earthen  dish  to  eat  them  from  !  To 
think  of  apologising  for  such  a  treat  to  a 
half-starved  man  from  the  prairies  —  and 
then  such  magnificent  slices  of  bread  and 
butter  !    Head  of  Apicius,  what  a  banquet  I 

The  "  rage  of  hunger"  being  appeased,  I 
began  to  think  of  my  horse,  but  found  he 
had  taken  good  care  of  himself,  being  assi- 
duously employed  about  the  corn  crib,  nib- 
bling the  ears  of  Indian  corn  that  protruded 
between  the  bars.  The  Captain  and  his 
troop  halted  for  the  night,  amidst  the  abun- 
dance of  the  farm-house  ;  but  my  immediate 
fellow-travellers  were  anxious  to  arrive  at 
the  Osage  Agency. 


S34f  TOUR    on    THE    PRAIRIES. 

A  ride  of  a  mile  farther  brought  us  to 
the  banks  of  the  Arkansas.  Here  we  found 
a  canoe  and  a  number  of  Creek  Indians, 
who  assisted  us  in  ferrying  our  baggage 
and  swimming  our  horses  across  the  stream. 
I  was  fearful  the  poor  animals  would  not 
have  strength  to  stem  the  current,  but  a  feed 
of  Indian  corn  had  infused  fresh  life  and 
spirit  into  them ;  and  it  was  evident  they  were 
aware  of  their  approach  to  home,  where  they 
would  soon  be  at  rest  and  in  plentiful  quar- 
ters. They  absolutely  went  on  a  hand  gal- 
lop for  a  great  part  of  seven  miles,  that  we 
had  to  ride  through  the  woods,  and  it  was 
an  early  hour  in  the  evening  when  we  arrived 
at  the  Agency,  on  the  banks  of  the  Verdigris 
River,  from  whence  we  had  set  off  about  a 
month  before. 

Here  we  passed  the  night  in  comfortable 
quarters  ;  yet  we  had  been,  for  some  weeks 
past,  so  accustomed  to  sleep  entirely  in  the 
open  air,  that,  at  first,  the  confinement  of  a 
chamber  incommoded  us. 

The  next  morning  I  returned,  in  company 


RETURN   TO   FORT    GIBSON.  335 

with  my  worthy  companion,  the  Commis* 
sioner,  to  Fort  Gibson,  where  we  arrived 
much  tattered,  travel-stained,  and  weather* 
beaten,  but  in  high  health  and  spirits.  And 
thus  ended  my  foray  into  the  Pawnee  hunt- 
ing-grounds. 


THE    END, 


t,ONDON  *. 

Printed  by  A.  Spottiswoode, 
New-Street-Square. 


/ 


