Glass  _L_3^ 


Book 


f'  q 


-i-i- 


l5 


Fold-out 
Placeholder 


This  fold-out  is  being  digitized,  and  will  be  inserted  at  a 

future  date. 


V 


^   ir 


Fold-out 
Placeholder 


This  fold-out  is  being  digitized,  and  will  be  inserted  at  a 

future  date. 


MEMOIRS 

OF 

THE    LIFE 

OF 

w  I  -  \ :  A  i:  w  I  R  T, 

ATTORNEY- GENERAL     OF     THE     UNITED     STATES. 

BY 

JOHN   P.   KENNEDY. 

1) 

A   NEW   AND    REVISED    EDITION. 

1 

1 

IN    TWO    VOLUMES. 

VOL.     II. 

1 

PHILADELPHIA: 

LEA    AND    BLANC  HARD. 

1850. 

Entered,  according  to  the  Act  of  Congress,  in  the  year  1849,  by 

LEA    &    B  LAN  CHARD, 

in  the  Clerk's  Office  of  the  District  Court  of  the  United  States,  for  the 
Eastern  District  of  Pennsylvania. 


5   fW 


STEREOTYPED  BY  J.  FAGAN. 

PRINTED  BY  T.  K.  AND  P.  G.  COLLINS 


CONTENTS, 

VOL.  II. 


CHAPTER  I. 

Argues  his  Second  Cause  In  the  Supreme  Court.  —  Letter  of  Advice  to 
Gilmer.  —  His  Anxiety  in  the  Composition  of  the  Biography.  —  Letters  to 
Carr.  —  The  Biography  goes  to  Press.  —  Is  Published. —  Letter  from  Mr. 
Monroe  offering  him  the  post  of  Attorney-General. — Accepts,  and  Repairs 
to  Washington. — Letters  to  Mrs.  W 9 


CHAPTER  II. 

Publication  of  the  Sketches  of  Patrick  Henry.— Its  Reception.  — Cha- 
racter of  the  Work.  —  Unfriendly  Comments  of  the  North  American  Re- 
view.— Notice  of  this  Criticism. — Re-publication  of  Novanglus  and  Mas- 
sachusettensis  by  Mr.  Adams,  with  some  Reference  to  The  Sketches. — 
Correspondence  between  Mr.  Adams  and  Mr.  Wirt 35 


CHAPTER  III. 

Appointment  to  the  post  of  Attorney-General  of  the  U.  S. — Motives  for 
Accepting  it. — Removal  of  his  Residence  to  Washington. — Political  and 
Personal  Associations  of  the  Cabinet. — Mr.  Monroe's  Administration. — Re- 
pose of  Party  Spirit.  —  Duties  of  the  Attorney-General.  —  Reforms  in  the 
Office. — Letter  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Judiciary  Committee 5^ 

(Vli) 


Viii  CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  IV. 

Letter  to  Pope. — Views  in  Accepting  the  post  of  Attorney-General. — 
Letter  to  Gilmer.  —  Correspondence  with  Mr.  Adams. — An  Amended 
Edition  of  The  Sketches  Contemplated.— Letters  to  Carr.— The  Attorney- 
General  Admitted  to  the  Bar  of  Baltimore.— The  Rule  of  Court.— Meets 
Pinkney. — Rivalry  between  tliem.— Advice  to  Gilmer. — A  Misunderstand- 
ing at  the  Bar  and  Reconciliation.  —  Letter  to  Delaplaine.  —  Remarks  on 
Biographical  Writing 60 


CHAPTER  V. 

Practice  in  the  Supreme  Court.— The  Case  of  McCulloch  and  the  State 
of  Maryland.— The  Dartmouth  College  Case. — Increase  of  Reputation. — 
Letters  to  Carr,  Pope,  and  Mrs.  Smith 87 


CHAPTER  VI. 

Quiet  Professional  Life.  —  The  Missouri  Question. —  Letter  to  Carr. — 
Particulars  Relatino-  to  Decatur. — Letter  to  his  Daughter. — Visit  to  Shan- 
ondale. — Engaged  in  the  Bank  Prosecutions  in  Maryland. — Bel  Air. — A 
Visit  to  West  Point 92 


CHAPTER  VII. 

The  Trials  at  Bel  Air.  —  Encounters  Pinkney.  — Rivalry.— Letter  to 
Carr. — Severe  Labours. — Sickness. — Remembrances  of  the  French  Revo- 
lution.—  Summer  Excursion  to  Saratoga,  Lake  George,  etc.  —  Charles 
CoUey.— A  Story  of  Mr.  Pope's.  — Letter  to  Pope.  —  Burgoyne's  Sur- 
render    104 


CHAPTER  VIII. 

Contributions  to  the  Evangelical  and  Literary  Magazine.  —  Hints  to 
Preachers,  etc.  —  Letter  to  the  Rev.  John  H.  Rice.  —  Severe  Professional 
Labour. — Sickness. — Death  of  Mr.  Pinkney. — Letter  to  Gilmer. — Notice 
of  Pinkney.  —  Enlarges  his  Maryland  Practice.  —  Playful  Letters  to  his 


CONTENTS.  IX 

Daughters.— Verses  for  the  ^lay-Day  Queen. — Correspondence.— Bedford 
Springs. — Occupations  in  Baltimore. — Moderation  of  Political  Opinions. — 
Letter  to  the  President,  Recommending  the  Appointment  of  Chancellor 
Kent  to  the  Supreme  Court 118 


CHAPTER  IX. 


a 


The  Supreme  Court.- New  York  Steamboat  Case.  —  Extract  of 
Speech  in  Reply  to  Emmett. — Presidential  Elections. — Candidates. — State 
of  Parties.  —  The  President  and  Cabinet  abstain  from  interfering  in  the 
Canvass.  —  Letters  to  Carr,  Morris  and  Pope.  —  La  Fayette's  Reception 
and  Progress. — Anecdote  of  Lord  Stirling.— Letter  from  Gilmer  in  Eng- 
land.—Shakspeare's  House.— Death  of  Robert,  the  Eldest  Son  of  the  At- 
torney-General     14^ 

CHAPTER  X. 

Presidential  Election.— Mr.  Adams  Elected  by  the  House  of  Represen- 
tatives.—Mr.  Wirt  Remains  in  the  Cabinet.— State  of  Parties.— Death  of 
General  Harper.- Letter  to  Gilmer.— Writing  out  Speeches.— Domestic 
Life.— Relio-ious  Sentiment.— Dr.  Watts.— Visit  to  Monticello.— Univer- 
sityof  Virginia.— Dinner  to  La  Fayette.— Dinner  Speech.—Duke  of  Saxe 
Weimar  166 


CHAPTER  XI. 

Character  of  his  Correspondence.- Is  Appointed  Professor  of  Law,  and 
President  of  the  University  of  Virginia.  —  Declines.  —  Letter  to  his 
Daughter.  —  Common  Sense  and  Genius.  —  Death  of  Adams  and  Jeffer- 
son.—  Wirt  Appointed  to  Deliver  the  Eulogy  upon  them.  —  Letter  to 
Pope.  —  Approach  of  Old  Age.  —  Delivers  the  Discourse  on  Adams  and 
Jefferson.  —  Its  Reception  and  Character.  —  Letter  to  Benjamin  Edwards, 
Condolence.— Letter  to  Judge  Cabell,  presenting  the  Difficulties  in  Writing 
the  Discourse 1~9 


CHAPTER   XII. 

Trial  of  a  Mandamus  Case  in  Baltimore. — Speech  greatly  Admired. — 
Rev.  Mr.  Duncan. — Wirt  Objects  to  a  Report  of  his  Speech.  —  Letter  to 


X  CONTENTS. 

Judge  Cabell. — Marriage  of  liis  Eldest  Daughter. — Settlement  in  Florida. — 
Mr.  Meredith. — Letter  to  him. — Approach  of  the  Presidential  Election. — 
Thinks  of  Establishing  himself  in  New  York. — Letter  to  his  Daughter. — 
Death  of  Gilmer. — Letter  to  Judge  Carr 196 


CHAPTER  XIIL 

Familiar  Letters. — Presidential  Election. — Expected  Change  of  Admin- 
istration. —  Letter  of  Mr.  Monroe,  in  Preference  to  the  Position  of  the 
Cabinet  Officers 210 


CHAPTER  XIV. 

General  Jackson  Elected.  ~  State  of  Parties.— Wirt  Removes  to  Balti- 
more—Character of  that  Bar.— Letters  to  Carr  and  Pope.— Changes  at 
Washington.— Is  called  to  Boston  on  Business.— Trials  of  Causes  before 
tliis  in  Philadelphia. —  Particulars  of  his  Boston  Visit  in  Letters  to  his 
Family. — His  Reception  in  Boston. — Hospitality. — The  Interest  taken  in 
the  Trial.  —  Letters  to  Carr  and  Pope  on  the  Subject  of  this  Visit.  —  His 
Opinion  of  New  England  Character  compared  with  Virginia 223 


CHAPTER  XV. 

Mr.  Wirt  employed  as  Counsel  for  Judge  Peck  on  his  Impeachment- 
Engaged  for  the  Cherokees.— History  of  the  Cherokee  Case.— Correspon- 
dence in  reirard  to  it  with  Mr.  Madison  and  Judije  Carr.— Is  assailed  in 
the  Papers  for  taking  a  part  in  this  Case.  —  His  Views  of  his  Duty  in 
reference  to  it.  —  Presented  as  a  Candidate  for  the  House  of  Representa- 
tives.—Address  to  the  Students  of  Rutgers  College.  —  Address  in  Balti- 
more on  Occasion  of  the  French  Revolution  of  July 240 


CHAPTER  XVI. 

Impeachment  of  Judge  Peck. —Outline  of  the  Case.  —The  Trial. — 
Extracts  from  the  Speech  of  Mr.  Wirt 267 


CONTENTS.  XI 


CHAPTER  XVII. 


Death  of  his  Youngest  Daughter.— His  Grief. — He  Writes  a  Memoir  of 
her. — Religious  Tone  of  his  Mind. — Resemblance  to  Evelyn. — His  Health 

Atfected. — Occupations  in  the  Supreme  Court Argument  of  the  Cherokee 

Case. — Extract  from  his  Speech. — The  Court  Decides  against  the  Jurisdic- 
tion.— Present  Condition  of  the  Cherokees. — Letter  to  Judge  Carr. .  285 


CHAPTER  XVIII. 

Political  Life. — Mr.  Wirt  appointed  a  Delegate  to  the  Baltimore  Con- 
vention.— Meeting  of  the  Anti-Masonic  Convention. — Mr.  Wirt  nominated 
by  them  as  a  Candidate  for  the  Presidency. — He  Accepts  the  Nomination. — 
His  Views  of  the  Canvass. — Tlie  Nomination  of  Mr.  Clay. — Letters  to  S. 
P.  Chase  and  Judge  Carr 299 


CHAPTER  XIX. 

His  Illness His  Desire  to  withdraw  from  the  Presidential  Canvass.— 

Letter  to  Judge  Carr  on  this  Subject. — Trial  of  the  Cherokee  Missionaries, 
Worcester  and  Butler. — Tlieir  Appeal  to  the  Supreme  Court. — Decision 
in  their  Favour. — Course  of  Georgia  on  the  Subject. — Familiar  Letters. — 
The  Cholera. — Letters  to  Judge  Carr. — Letter  to  Lomax,  e.vplaining  his 
Motives  in  accepting  the  Nomination.  —  The  Election. —  Mr.  Wirt  de- 
feated.— Difficulties  of  his  Position  in  the  Contest 316 


CHAPTER  XX. 

Undertakes  to  make  a  Settlement  of  Germans  in  Florida. — Mr.  Golds-  ' 

borough  takes  Charge  of  it.  — ■  Particulars  of  this  Adventure.  —  Hopes  of 
Success. — Its  Failure. — His  Health  variable. — A  Re-Numination  for  the  i 

Presidency  suggested.  —  His  Answer  to  this. — Nullification.  —  Letter  to  \ 

Carr  on  the  Right  of  a  State  to  Secede  from  the  Union.  —  Literary  Sub- 
jects. —  Letter  to  Carr. — Advice  to  Students.  —  Chri.stmas  Letters.  —  He 
visits  Washington.  —  His  Illness. — Death.  —  Notice  of  this  Event  by  the 
Supreme  Court  and  by  Congress 334 


xii  CONTENTS. 


CHAPTER  XXI. 

His  Personal  Appearance. — Manners. — Conversation. — The  Night  of  the 
SnufF  Box.  —  His  Fondness  for  Young  Persons.  —  Scene  at  Annapolis. — 
Remembrance  of  Old  Friends. — Love  of  Music. — Story-Telling. — Scenes 
at  Berkeley  during  the  Cholera.  —  Doggrel  Verses.  —  Epigram.  —  Pro- 
ficiency in  Classical  Study. — Seneca. — Professional  Character.— Style  of 
his  Oratory. — His  Manner  of  Speaking. — Preparation. — Dislike  of  Din- 
ner-Table Speeches. — His  Religious  Character. — Early  Impressions. — Ac- 
tive Participation  in  Benevolent  Societies.— Theological  Studies. — Preface 
to  Rennell's  "Remarks  on  Scepticism." — His  Religious  Tolerance. — Dis- 
like of  Enthusiasm.  —  Sincerity  of  Character 373 


LIFE  OF  WILLIAM  WIRT. 


CHAPTER  I. 


1817. 


ARGUES   HIS    SECOND   CAUSE   IN    THE    SUPREME   COURT.  —  LETTER 

OF    ADVICE    TO    GILMER. HIS    ANXIETY    IN    THE    COMPOSITION 

OF    THE    BIOGRAPHY. LETTERS    TO    CARR. THE    BIOGRAPHY 

GOES    TO   PRESS. IS   PUBLISHED. LETTER    FROM    MR.    MONROE 

OFFERING    HIM    THE    POST    OF    ATTORNEY-GENERAL. ACCEPTS, 

AND    REPAIRS    TO    WASHINGTON. LETTERS    TO    MRS.  W. 


Mr.  Wirt  had,  as  yet,  argued  but  one  cause  in  the  Supreme 
Court.  Early  in  this  year  his  professional  engagements  called  him 
to  a  second  trial  in  that  forum.  "We  shall  see  in  the  followinfj  letters, 
upon  what  occasion  and  how  this  cflfort  succeeded.  The  first  of  these 
was  written  at  intervals,  before  and  after  his  visit  to  "Washington.  It 
is  addressed  to  his  young  friend  Gilmer,  and  contains,  what  we  have 
always  found  in  the  letters  written  to  him,  a  kind  and  instructive 
lesson  composed  in  the  spirit  of  an  affectionate  preceptor  who  took 
the  liveliest  concern  in  the  advancement  and  success  of  his  pupil. 
Like  the  others  to  the  same  correspondent,  it  pours  forth  that  whole- 
some counsel  which  may  be  read  with  profit  by  every  professional 
student.  AYhat  is  given  below  are  but  some  extracts  from  this  letter. 
It  refers,  in  part,  to  the  expected  publication  of  the  biography,  which 
was  now  ready  for  the  press,  and  the  opinion  of  '^  The  honourable 
Thomas"  (a  jocular  allusion  to  Mr.  Jefferson,)  upon  the  subject ;  and, 
in  part,  to  the  personal  concerns  of  hun  to  whom    it  was  written. 

Vol.  II. —2  (13) 


14  SECOND  CAUSE  IN  THE  SUPREME  COURT.  [1S17. 

There  i.s,  besides,  a  short  reference  to  the  trial  in  the  Supreme  Court, 
which  had  taken  phice  before  the  writer  had  found  sufficient  leisure 
to  conclude  his  epistle.  Notwithstanding  the  brevity  of  this  refer- 
ence, the  reader  will  not  fail  to  perceive,  after  the  perusal  of  the  two 
letters  which  succeed  this,  that  the  speech  in  the  gi-eat  national 
tribunal  was  not  so  cursorily  dismissed,  from  any  insensibility  to  the 
impression  it  may  have  made.  There  is  apparent  in  all  Wirt's  pro- 
fessional and  literary  exhibitions  at  this  period  of  his  life,  —  and  in- 
deed, it  may  be  said  to  have  been  characteristic  of  his  temperament 
throughout  his  whole  career, — a  nervous  impressibility  to  the  opinions 
of  the  public  in  regard  to  his  own  merits  and  the  success  of  his  en- 
deavours; which,  as  it  sprang  from  the  eagerness  of  his  desire  to 
satisfy  his  own  high  estimate  of  what  he  deemed  the  excellences  of 
his  art,  manifests  not  only  the  strength  of  his  ambition,  but,  even 
more  conspicuously,  the  simplicity  of  his  character.  He  indulses, 
with  the  exultation  of  a  boy,  in  the  accomplishment  of  a  feat  of  in- 
tellect ;  speaks  of  his  triumphs  with  that  glad  temper  of  youth  which 
fears  nothing  from  the  ceusoriousness  of  the  world,  which  conceals 
no  natural  emotion  of  the  heart,  and  which  disarms  envy  and  even 
challenges  admiration  by  the  frank  and  joyous  tone  with  which  it 
seeks  applause  for  the  fortunate  issue  of  an  honourable  endeavour. 
There  are  few  men  of  real  merit  who  do  not  often  feel  such  impulses; 
but  the  instances  are  rare  in  which  such  men  have  not  found,  even  in 
a  short  experience  of  the  rivalries  of  manhood,  motive  to  school  their 
behaviour  to  a  more  discreet  and  guarded  subjection,  and  to  restrain 
themselves  from  giving  way  to  the  expression  of  those  sentiments 
most  natural  to  their  good  fortune,  lest  the  world  should  misconstrue 
it  as  weak  self-complacency,  or  an  unbecoming  vain-glory.  The  cii-- 
cumspection,  in  such  cases,  which  is  adopted  as  a  guard  against  the 
world  at  large,  often  begets  an  habitual  reserve  even  in  the  intercourse 
of  intimate  friendship,  and  thus  the  most  private  correspondence  sel- 
dom exhibits  the  exact  portraiture  and  image  of  the  heart.  In  the 
Jetters  between  Wirt  and  his  friend  Carr,  we  may  find  an  exception 
to  this  remark,  and  we  shall  read  in  them  the  unguarded  utterances 
of  a  generous  and  confiding  nature,  which,  as,  on  the  part  of  the 
writer,  they  were  above  all  dissimulation,  so,  on  our  part,  they  should 
be  considered  as  beyond  the  pale  of  critical  censure. 


Chap.  I.l  LETTER  TO  GILMER.  15 

TO  FRANCIS  W.  GILMER. 

Richmond,  January  26, 1817. 
My  Dear  Francis  : 

On  my  return  from  Washington  about  the  10th,  after  an  absence 
of  three  weeks,  I  found,  among  others,  your  letter  of  the  20th  ult  ; 
but  I  found,  also,  the  Court  of  Appeals  and  Chancery,  both  in  session, 
and  an  accumulation  of  professional  duties  which  have  disabled  me 
fi-om  sitting  down  to  answer  you  until  now.  I  was  in  the  less  hurry 
about  it;  for,  just  about  the  time  of  my  leaving  the  city,  it  was 
rumoured  that  you  would  be  there  on  a  visit,  in  a  few  days — -and  but 
for  those  duties  which  were  pressing  my  retui-n  to  Kichmond,  I  would 
have  waited  your  arrival. 

As  I  was  saying,  however,  the  impression  that  you  were  absent 
from  "Winchester  on  this  visit,  and  were  kicking  up  your  heels  in 
"Washington,  put  me  at  ease  about  answering  your  letter  until  your 
frolic  should  be  over,  and  you  should  so  far  have  forgotten  the  gaiety 
of  the  city,  the  eloquence  of  Congress,  and  the  wisdom  of  the  Abbe,* 
as  to  be  able  to  relish  such  plain  fare  as  I  could  spi'ead  before  you. 

By  this  time,  I  presume  you  have  got  back,  cloyed  with  these  deli- 
cacies, and  with  your  natural  palate  so  far  restored  as  to  enjoy  a  dish 
of  bacon  and  greens,  or  hog  and  hominy — saving  3'our  highness.     So 

here's  at  you!  —  As  for  Patrick ,  "By  my  sowl,  says  Pat,  but 

you  may  say  that,  to  the  end  of  the  world  and  after,  0  I"  The  public 
are  to  be  the  judges.  But  I  am  so  far  from  confident  of  a  favourable 
sentence,  that  I  am  in  no  hurry  for  my  trial.  "On  the  contrarj'," 
(as  our  President  apparent  says)  —  I  am  pretty  much  of  the  humour 
of  the  Irish  culprit  —  who  being  asked  by  the  clerk  of  arraigns,  how 
he  would  be  tried,  answered  "  not  at  all,  at  all."  As  the  trial,  how- 
ever, I  suppose,  must  come,  I  will  take  a  continuance  'till  after  next 
summer.  The  honourable  Thomas  has  given  me  some  flattering  en- 
couragement. I  can  see,  however,  that  he  regards  my  book  rather  as 
panegyric  than  history,  and  has  put  his  veto  on  almost  all  my  favourite 
passages,  as  being  too  poetical  for  sober  narrative  —  as  calculated,  in- 
deed, to  gi'atify  the  youug,  but  to  shake  the  confidence  of  the  aged  in 
the  truth  of  my  story«  Whether  I  shall  appeal  to  the  people  on  this 
head,  I  shall  be  better  able  to  judge  after  the  summer  vacation  of  our 
courts. 

Great  power  of  talents  ought  always  to  be  allayed  by  invincible 
patience,  the  most  indulgent  charity,  the  most  boundless  benevolence. 
Omnipotence  itself  would  be  an  object  only  of  terror  and  hatred,  but 
for  the  divine  attributes  of  mercy  and  love,  with  which  it  is  associated 
among  men  equal  by  nature.     Superior  power  of  any  sort,  or  from 

*T he  Abbe  Correa. 


IG  THE  DANGER  OF  RIDICULE.  •       [1817. 

any  cause,  is  home  with  impatience ;  and  it  requires  infinite  forbear- 
ance and  address,  on  the  part  of  its  possessor,  to  make  it  tolerable, 
and  much  more  to  make  it  agi'ceable  to  the  world. 

Hence,  the  impolicy  of  brandishing  the  whip  of  ridicule  and  scourge 
of  invective  on  every  occasion,  and,  indeed,  on  any  occasion.  For  I 
cannot  conceive  the  occasion  on  which  a  man  truly  great,  would  not 
gain  more  than  he  could  lose,  by  the  forbearance.  —  Do  you  smell  a 
rat  ?  or  do  you  perceive  that  I  am  aiming  one  of  these  strokes  at  what 
I  have  feared  may  grow  into  a  blemish  of  your  fame  ?  Have  you 
never  had  occasion  to  say,  with  Horace,  ''  sunt  quibus  nimis  videor 
acer?"  Have  you  learned  the  god-like  wisdom  of  treating  the  igno- 
rance, the  mistakes,  the  absurdities  of  others,  with  tender  respect  — 
or  do  you  put  aside  a  silly  opinion,  of  which  the  speaker  is  neverthe- 
less vain,  with  a  contemptuous  back  of  your  hand,  (as  the  Scotch 
Irish  say,)  or,  what  is  worse,  with  an  exposing  and  poignant  sarcasm  ? 
/  have  heard  nothing  of  this  kind,  and  only  speak  of  what  I  feared 
would  be  the  case,  when  you  came  to  be  at  case,  and  felt  your  power 
at  the  bar.  Bacon  has  an  essay  on  the  subject  of  abating  the  odium 
of  superior  talents,  which  every  man  who  is  on  the  public  stage,  and 
who  has  any  pretension  to  talents,  ought  to  lay  to  his  heart  and  make 
the  rule  of  his  conduct.  There  is  a  trait,  too,  in  the  character  of  the 
celebrated  Hampden,  congenial  with  this  purpose,  and  of  such  exqui- 
site delicacy,  that  I  have  thought  of  and  admired  it  a  thousand  times. 
He  was  a  great  parliamentarian,  an  out-of-door  partizan,  and  an  in- 
triguer. Clarendon  saj's  that  he  managed  his  operations  with  so  much 
address,  that,  instead  of  betraying  his  drift  to  the  person  with  whom 
he  spoke,  he  seemed  to  have  come  merely  for  the  purpose  of  delibera- 
tion, and  of  getting  instruction  how  he  was  himself  to  vote  and  act ; 
but,  in  the  course  of  these  deliberations,  he  would  throw  in,  as  if 
casually,  the  thoughts  which  seemed  for  the  first  time  to  be  occurring 
to  him,  with  so  much  skill  of  position,  and  at  the  same  time,  with 
such  an  ap})arcnt  destitution  of  art,  as  to  leave  the  person  with  whom 
he  sj)oke,  to  suggest  the  very  measure  he  himself  wished,  and  imagine 
too,  that  he  was  suggesting  a  new  thought  to  Hampden.  This  savours, 
indeed,  a  good  deal  of  Italian  finesse.  "  But  it  shows  the  necessity  of 
resorting  to  address,  to  abate  the  odium  of  high  talents,  and  to  manage 
the  vain  and  weak  world  which  surrounds  us,  even  to  their  ov,'n  benefit. 

It  shows  decisively  the  habitual  respect  which  we  should  observe 
even  to  the  silly  and  impotent,  to  make  them  of  any  use  to  us,  or  to 
themselves.  Cultivate  universal  love,  by  universal  kindness  and 
respect,  and  reserve  your  wit  for  the  friends  who  know  your  worth — 
contrary  to  the  common  maxim.  Break  your  wit  only  on  your  best 
friends,  and  that  only  in  a  small  company  of  friends.  Above  all, 
never  make  a  man  feel  ridiculous.  It  is  an  injury  which  it  is  not 
in  human  nature  to  forget,  much  less  to  forgive. 

******* 


Chap.  I.]  ADVICE.  17 

I  find,  on  looking  at  jouv  letter,  that  I  must  preach  a  little  more. 
Don't  think  of  Congress  for  ten  years  to  come  : — make  your  fortune 
first.  I  am  not  indeed  of  the  opinion  of  Crassus  or  Lucullus,  (or 
whoever  it  is  mentioned  in  the  beginning  of  Cicero's  Offices),  that 
the  man  who  aspii'cs  to  be  the  leader  of  a  republic  should  be  able  to 
supply  an  army  by  the  current  revenues  of  his  estate.  But  he  ought 
to  have  enough  to  liberate  his  mind  from  all  anxiety  on  that  score, 
and  enable  him  to  devote  himself,  soul  and  body,  to  his  country. 
And  I  take  it  for  granted,  of  course,  that  you  will  not  be  in  such  a 
hurry  to  make  your  fortune,  as  to  leave  any  doubt  on  your  liberality 
as  you  go  along.  If  you  awaken  a  prejudice  of  that  sort,  you  are 
gone  for  life.  Hence,  since  you  are  not  to,  screw  for  a  fortune,  you 
will  find  ten  years  short  enough  to^dccomplish  the  object.  By  that 
time,  too,  your  mind  will  have  become  chastened,  (or  if  you  please, 
chastised,)  by  experience,  and  you  will  see  the  fallacy  of  many  a  fair 
and  beautiful  theory  that  now  anmses  your  fancj^  By  that  time  you 
will  have  discovered  that  we  are  not  an  agricultural  people  merely, 
for  we  shall  have  a^fleet  of  thirty  sail,  and  our  commerce  will  cover 
every  sea.  The  spirit  of  manufactttres,  too,  will  have  spread  from 
the  north  to  the  south,  and  our  country  will  be  a  pretty  large  epitome 
of  all  the  pursuits  of  human  life. 

'j^  #(C  ^jC  7|C  #Jt  3|C  ?p 

February  25,  1817. 
So  far,  I  had  by  fits  and  starts,  as  leisure  would  permit,  advanced 
in  answering  your  letter,  when  I  was  summoned  to  Washington  by 
private  business. 

*^^  ^1^  h1^  ^^  ^^  ^i^ 

*j^  ^f*.  ^^  ^^  ^^  'T* 

I  returned  last  night  about  nine  o'clock,  and  have  taken  the  first 
morning  to  finish  my  letter  to  you.  I  made  a  speech  whilst  there,  in 
a  prize  case.  It  was  rather  better  than  my  former  one,  and  I  hope 
my  friend  Dabney  will  have  no  great  occasion  to  scold  about  it.  More 
it  does  not  become  me  to  say, — nor,  iudeeJ,  could  I  say  more  with 
any  regard  to  the  truth. 

'j^  'J*  JJC  ?y*  3jc  5jC  Jji 

I  regret  extremely  that  my  engagements  in  court  would  not  permit 
me  to  pay  my  respects  to  your  friend,  Mr.  Correa,  except  at  a  distance. 
For  he,  too,  honoured  me  by  being  one  of  my  hearers.  Had  it  not 
been  for  the  ostentatious  appearance  of  being  acquainted  with  the 
great,  I  would  have  advanced  from  my  seat  and  offered  him  my  hand. 
On  this  account,  I  could  give  him  only  a  bow,  and  express  my  respects 
by  my  countenance. 

Give  my  love  to  the  Chancellor,  and  believe  me  as  ever, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 
2*  B 


18  LETTERS  TO  CARR.  [1817. 


TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Richmond,  February  27,  1817. 

I  do,  indeed,  my  dear  friend,  felicitate  you  from  my  bosom's  core, 
on  the  comparative  restoration  of  a  wife  so  much  beloved  and  so 
worthy  of  it,  too.  God  grant  that  all  your  hopes  on  the  subject  may 
be  realized ! — of  which,  I  think,  there  can  be  no  reason  to  doubt, 
from  what  you  tell  me  of  the  past.  May  Heaven  bless  her  with  the 
return  of  permanent  and  perfect  health,  since  this  only  is  necessary 
to  make  her  one  of  the  happiest  of  human  beings  !  I  would  say  more 
of  what  I  feel,  but  I  would  not  be  thought  a  flatterer,  even  by  my 
friend.  * 

I  have  committed  another  fraud  on  you ;  for  I  have  been  to  Wash- 
ington, and  I  made  a  speech,  sir,  in  the  Supreme  Court  four  hours 
and  a  half  long  !  Does  not  this  alarm  you  ?  And  will  you  not  be 
still  more  alarmed  when  you  are  told  that  the  court-room  was  thronged, 
— fifteen  or  twenty  ladies,  many  iiiembers  of  Congress,  and,-  what  is 
worst'  than  all,  the  venerable  Correa,  whom  I  he*artily  wished  at 
Portugal ;  besides  Walsh,  whom,  if  I  had  known  to  be  there  at  the 

time,  I  should  have  wished  at ' .     But  the  subject  was  not  to  my 

taste.  It  was  a  prize  case — an  appeal  from  North  Carolina — a  mere 
question  of  fact,  i.  e.,  whether  the  captured  ship  and  her  cargo  were 
neutral  or  hostile  property.  As  counsel  for  the  captured  privateer,  I 
was  bound  to  contend  that  they  were  British ;  my  adversaries,  on  the 
contrary,  (Gaston  and  Hopkinson,  against  whom  I  stood  alone,)  in- 
sisted that  they  were  Russian ;  and  this  issue  of  fact  was  to  be  decided 
by  the  analysis  and  synthesis  of  about  five  hundred  dry,  deranged 
ship  documents,  which  were  to  be  read  and  commented  on.  You 
perceive  the  utter  impossibility  of  clothing  such  a  subject  either  with 
ornament  or  interest ;  and  when  you  are  farther  told,  that  there  was 
not  one  principle  of  dubious  law  involved  in  the  case,  you  will  as 
readily  see  that  there  was  no  opportunity  for  the  display  of  any  cogency 
of  argument.  It  was,  therefore,  matter  of  surprise  to  me,  that  the 
ladies  stuck  to  us  till  dinner-time ;  and  of  still  greater  surprise,  that 
the  Abbe  and  Walsh  remained  till  the  close  of  the  argument, — as 
the  latter  informed  me  on  the  next  day.  If  any  reliance  is  to  be 
placed  on  the  intimations  given  to  me  from  different  quarters,  the 
speech  was  quite  a  creditable  one ;  and  this  is  as  much  as  ought  to  be 
expected  in  such  a  case  by  any  judge  of  equity  and  good  conscience. 
I  have  other  cases  there  which  will  come  on  at  the  next  term, 
and  which  will  enable  me  to  show  what  little  I  have  of  law  or 
argument;  the  one  is  a  batture  case,  in  which  I  have  been  employed 
against  Livingston,  by  a  family  in  New  Orleans;  another,  a  case  from 
V'irginia,  in  which  I  have  been  retained  by  the  Literary  Fund  Society, 
on  a  question  of  the  right  of  an  alien  to  take  the  benefit  of  a  devise 


CiiAF.  I.]  THE  BIOGRAPHY.  19 

of  lands  directed  to  be  sold  and  tlic  proceeds  remitted  to  Scotland, 
This  latter  case  will  show  Wickhaiu  and  myself  in  opposition ;  and 
though  I  shall  probably  lose  the  cause,  I  will  give  him  a  heat  for  the 
glory!  You  cannot  conceive,  or,  rather,  you  can  (which,  as  Cabell 
says,  is  "the  same  thing,")  what  a  rejuvenescence  this  change  of 
theatre  and  of  audience  gives  to  a  man's  emulation.  It  makes  me 
feel  young  again,  and  touches  nerves  that  have  been  asleep  ever  since 
1S07,  (th'e  era  of  Burr's  trial.)  It  puts  me  strongly  in  mind  of  some 
of  our  early  campaigns,  when  I  was  struggling  from  my  native 
obscurity  into  light.  " Could  I  have  supposed  when  you  and  I  were 
threading  the  hog-paths  through  the  wilds  of  Fluvanna,  and  trying 
to  make  "our  way  at  the  bar  of  that  miserable  court,  that  a  day  would 
ever  come  when  I  could  dare  to  hold  up  my  head  in  the  Supreme 
Court  of  the  United  States,  and  take  by  the  beard  the  first  champions 
of  the  nation  !  Who  shall  tell  ma  after  this  that_  there  is  no  Uod ; 
no  benignant  disposer  of  events  whose  pleasure  it  is  to  raise  the^  weak 
and  lowly  and  down-trodden,  by  his  own  sovereign  and  irresistible 
fial  ?  No,  sir,  the  prosperous  events  of  my  life  have  flowed  from  no 
'prudence  or  worth  of  my  own;  but  I  feel  at  this  moment,  most 
gratefully  feel,  that  they  have  been  kindly  forced  upon  me  by  an 
over-ruling  providence. 

I  carried  to  Washington  the  manuscript  of  Patrick,  with  the  resolution 
of  sending  it  to  you,  if  a  safe  conveyance  offered ;  but  none  such  pre- 
sented its'elf  You  must,  if  possible,  see  it  before  it  goes  to  the  press. 
I  shall  be  ill  at  ease  unless  you  do.  But  I  am  determined  to  retouch 
it,  in  spite  of  all  you  can  say  to  the  contrary.  *¥¥=!> 
However,  let  that  pass,  sir :  the  greater  part  of  the  book,  as  it  now 
stands,  is  the  first  rough  draft.  Would  you  have  the  painter  to  quit 
the  portrait  after  the  first  sitting,  the  eye-balls  glaring,  and  the  cheeks 
of  "ashy  semblance?"  I  want  to  put  a  little  more  body  and  char- 
acter into  the  work  :  at  present  you  may  rely  upon  it,^  it  is  rather  an 
empty  thing.  Having  the  outline  drawn,  and  the  features  located, 
it  will  be  easy  for  me,  during  the  leisure  of  the  approaching  summer, 
to  ascertain  the  parts  which  demand  a  bolder  swell  of  muscle,  so  as 
to  dive  strength  as  well  as  symmetry  to  the  whole.     As  to  colouring, 

I  wish  to  reduce  rather  than  to  heighten.     Fear  me  not,  I  am  no -, 

taking  your  own  figure.     "  I  trust  I  have  a  good  conscience,"  in  this 

respect.  •      i      t> 

With  regard  to  the  particular  criticism  on  the  extract  m  the  1  ort- 
folio,  you  and  Frank  stand  alone.  No  one  else  has  made  the  objec- 
tion. /  think  the  break  a  very  happy  one ;  it  brings  the  Assembly 
itself  before  you,  thus  powerfully  wrought  upon,  and  communicates 
by  sympathy  the  strong  feelings  which  agitated  them.  I  have  fre- 
quently seen  an  anecdote  miss  fire,  till  the  relator  stated  what  an  up- 
roar of  lauirhtef  the  occurrence  produced  when  it  happened. _  If  you 
were  to  state  the  last  speech  which  Louis  XVI.  made  to  his  queen, 


20 


THE  SUPREME  COURT. 


[1817. 


how  weat  would  be  the  eflfect,  till  you  related  its  effect  on  her.  In 
my  case,  there  was  no  suspending  the  description  of  the  effect  till  the 
close  of  the  speech,  because  it  arose  from  a  particular  passage, — that 
particular  passage  was  to  be  raised  in  relief,  and  there  was  no  other 
way  to  bring  it  about,  except  by  throwing  in  the  shade,  exactly 
where  it  is.  Besides,  the  historical  truth  of  the  story  required  it ; 
for  I  hope  you  and  Frank  have  no  suspicion  that  the  incident  did  not 
occur  just  as  I  have  stated  it,  or  that  the  speech  is  not  a  genuine  one. 
Yet  I  know  not  how  else  to  understand  the  remark  that  the  quotation 
is  from  an  inferior  hand.  This  is  strange,  after  quoting  my  authority 
for  the  speech :  and  if  Randolph's  manuscript  History  of  Virginia, 
which  I  have  seen,  shall  ever  come  to  light,  you  will  discover  that  all 
I  have  said  is  Quaker  di'apery,  compared  with  the  account  which  he 
gives  of  the  affair. 


Once  more,  Heaven  bless  you  and  your  fire-side  ! 

Youi's  affectionately, 


Wm.  Wirt. 


TO  JUDGE   CARR. 


My  Dear  Friend  ; 


Richmond,  March  24,  1817. 


I  have  just  been  cruelly  disappointed.  A  letter  bearing  your 
superscription  was  handed  to  me  about  ten  minutes  ago,  and  I  was 
full  of  the  hope  of  recent  intelligence ;  but  on  breaking  the  seal,  I 
find  it  dated  the  23d  of  last  month,  and  intended  for  Washington, 
which,  indeed,  the  address  vrould  have  informed  me,  if  I  had  taken 
time  to  read  it. 

The  anxiety  which  you  manifest  in  this  letter,  leads  me  to  suspect 
that  you  cannot  have  received  my  answer  to  your  folio,  written  imme- 
diately on  my  return  to  Richmond,  and  in  which  I  said  as  much  as 
my  loell-known  modesty  would  permit,  in  relation  to  my  speech  in  the 
Supreme  Court.  I  omitted  to  address  that  letter  via  Washington,  as 
I  believe  I  should  have  done ;  and  it  has  probably  foundered  on  the 
way.  If  you  had  received,  I  think  you  would  have  answered  it.  I 
have  only  two  conclusions  to  make ;  either  that  the  letter  has  mis- 
carried, or  that  you  have  received  accounts  from  Washington  touching 
my  essay  before  the  Court,  which  have  made  it  painful  for  you  to 
answer  me,  —  and  as  the  former  is  the  more  agreeable  conclusion  of 
the  two,  I  choose  to  draw  it;  though  I  confess  I  am  not  without 
curiosity  as  to  the  accounts  which  you  may  have  received  from  the 
city.  If  I  made  a  had  speech,  I  was  not  sensible  of  it,  which,  I  will 
say  for  myself,  I  am  very  apt  to  be,  when  it  is  really  the  case.  If  I 
did  not  make  a  good  one,  I  was  most  grossly  flattered ;  as  you  your- 


Chap.  I.] 


HIS  SUCCESS  THERE. 


21 


self  shall  judge  by  tlie  incidents  which  I  will  now  detail  to  you,  and 
which  I  would  not  detail,  but  for  the  apprehension  that  you  may 
have  heard  discouraging  accounts.  First,  then,  on  the  second  morn- 
ing after  I  had  delivered  my  speech,  Hopkinson  and  Walsh  came  to 
my  room,  —  and  the  former  paid  me  higher  compliments  than  I  had 
ever  received,  to  which  the  latter  gave,  at  least,  an  implied  assent  and 
something  more.  Hopkiuson's  manner  was  not  that  of  a  flatterer. 
It  was  warm  and  frank,  and  he  seemed  to  speak  with  a  generoiis 
delio-ht.  "  I  hope  we  may  speak  our  sentiments  here,"  said  he,  "  to 
one°another,  without  the  suspicion  of  flattery.  Your  manner  is  the 
very  best  I  have  ever  seen.    Your  client  has  no  occasion  to  regret  the 

loss  of  ^Ir.  ;  he  would  not,  and  never  could,  have  presented  the 

cause  with  half  the  power  that  you  have  done.  The  play  of  your 
imagination  is  delightful.  You  could  never  have  carried  it  to  such 
perfection,  but  for  the  habit  of  elegant  composition.  I  was  charmed 
with  your  figures,  and  almost  envied  your  success."  In  his  reply, 
too,  in  Court,  in  deprecating  the  effects  of  my  speech,  he  said,  inter 
alia,  '■'■I  speak  it  openly  —  the  argument  of  our  adversary  has  been  a 
masterly  one,"  &c. 

Wheaton  told  me  that  the  judges  expressed  the  greatest  satisfaction 
with  my  argument.  Decatur,  whom  I  met  afterwards  in  the  street, 
I  in  a  hack,  he  on  foot,  came  to  the  door  of  the  hack.  "  Why,"  said 
he,  in  his  rough  sailor  way,  "  they  tell  me  you  have  been  playing  the 
devil  at  the  Capitol.  What  have  you  been  doing  with  old  Correa  ? 
I  think  you  must  have  given  him  love-powders."  Colonel  Monroe 
said  to  me,  with  the  most  beaming  pleasure,  that  he  had  been  told  I 
had  covered  myself  xvilh  reqmlation  and  glory.  These  were  his  words; 
and  when  I  looked  a  little  distrustful,  he  added,  "  Upon  my  honour, 
it  is  a  fact,  and  I  was  told  so,  too,  by  a  person  who  had  no  political 
prejudices  in  your  favour." 

This  is  part  only  of  what  I  heard,  from  which  I  should  not  infer, 
if  there  is  any  sincerity  in  Washington,  that  there  was  any  thing  in 
the  speech  to  be  ashamed  of.  It  is  very  true  there  was  no  scope  for 
deep  and  cogent  argument,  for  there  was  little  or  no  law  in  the  case. 
It  was  pretty  much  a  matter-of-fact  case,  like  Webb  and  Watkius  at 
Powhatan,  and  my  speech  of  that  sort,  —  only  chastened  in  reference 
to  the  tribunal.  This  is  a  short  and  true  account  of  the  whole  affair, 
so  far  as  I  know  it.  I  dare  say  if  the  Eastern  gentlemen  Miss  B. 
speaks  of  were  there,  they  thought  the  speech  light  and  frothy ;  for 
what  is  common  animation  in  Virginia,  would  be  thought  poetic 
phrenzy  by  them.  However,  I  should  like  to  know  what  you  may 
have  heard,  and  whether  you  have  received  my  answer  to  your  folio, 
— as  also  whether  Frank  has  received  a  long  letter  from  me,  which 
went  off  about  the  same  time.  In  relation  to  the  fate  of  the  Wa.sh- 
ington  cause,  it  is  not  decided.  The  Court  thought  the  cause  with 
me  on  the  evidence,  on  which  the  argument  turned;  but  being  an 


OQ 


ANXIETY  FOR  THE  BIOGRAPHY. 


[isn 


admiralty  case,  they  have,  according  to  the  practice  of  that  court,  in- 
dulged the  opposite  party  with  farther  proof.  So  that  it  is  possible 
we  shall  have  another  heat  at  it  next  winter.  Judge  Johnson,  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  told  me  here  the  other  day,  that  my  client  would 
certainly  recover  the  cargo,  (which  is  infinitely  the  most  valuable  part 
of  the  subject,)  and  as  for  the  ship,  if  our  adversary  did  not  altei*  the 
cause  most  materially  by  his  farther  proof,  (which  it  was  not  believed 
he  could  do,)  we  should  get  that,  too.  So  there  is  nothing  lost, 
unless  it  be  our  honour,  reversing  the  fate  of  Francis  at  the  battle  of 
Pavia;  and  if  this  be  lost,  I  am  yet  to  learn.  Tell  me  candidly 
what  you  may  have  heard.  Mr.  Correa  was  there,  and  has  probably 
written  to  Frank.  It  might  be  useful  to  me  to  learn  what  such  a 
judge  as  he  thought  amiss.  At  all  events,  let  me  hear  from  you. 
******* 

We  had  a  son  born  on  the  night  of  the  second  of  March,  and  his 
name  is  Dabney  Can;  so  take  care  that  you  justify  the  name  by  your 
celebrity ! 

]My  wife  unites  in  love  and  best  wishes  to  you  all. 

Farewell — ^your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

We  have  now  some  amusing  secrets  revealed,  of  the  meditations  of 
the  author  upon  his  own  work.  As  the  day  drew  nigh  when  the 
biography  was  to  be  committed  to  the  hands  of  the  printer,  there  is 
apparent  in  the  correspondence  a  vividly  increasing  anxiety  as  to  the 
success  of  the  performance,  and  an  evident  distrust  of  its  claims  to 
that  favour  of  the  public  which  the  friends  of  the  biographer  were 
endeavouring  to  persuade  him  to  expect.  We  shall  read  this  in  the 
criticisms,  and  in  the  uneasy  efforts  at  self-composure,  which  are  visible 
enough  in  the  faint-hearted  merriment  of  the  following  letters  : 


TO  JUDGE  CARR. 

Richmond,  August  9,  1817. 
******* 
And  now,  I  suppose  you  think  I  am  impatient  to  speak  of  Patrick  ? 
—and  if  you  do,  I  cannot  say  of  you  as  Tom  Bowline  did  of  his 
mariners.*     The  truth  is,  I  am  quite  as  anxious  about  it  as  is  becom- 
ing, to  say  no  worse.     But  to  the  point. 

You  think  me  wrong  in  having  shown  the  manuscript  to  my  friends 
generally.     It  may  be  so,  but  not'upon  the  ground  on  which  you  seem 

*  "  I  don't  care  a  d n." 


Chap.  I.]  REVIEW  OF  THE  BIOGRAPHY.  23 

to  place  it — that  I  am  the  better  judge.     Johnson,  or  somebody  else 
whom  Boswell  introduces  into  his  life,  remarked  that  many  persons 
espied  faults  in  a  manuscript  submitted  to  their  criticism,  which  they 
would  never  have  discovered  in  the  printed  book ;  and  it  is,  perhaps, 
added,  that  these  circumstivnces  tend  only  to  perplex  and  mislead  the 
author.     This  may  be  true,  too — but  if  the  author  is  not  a  very  per- 
■plexable  character,  it  is  not  altogether  true.     In  all  that  I  have 
hitherto  published,  my  manuscripts  have  not  been  shown,  for  the 
works  were  spun  from  my  own  brain,  and  there  was  no  responsibility 
for  the  truth  or  facts ;  but  the  Life  of  Henry  is  hislory — history,  too, 
often  depending  on  the  conflicting  recollections  and  statements  of  _my 
correspondents,  and  in  regard  to  which  I  was,  and  still  am,  anxious 
to  avail  myself  of  every  possible  chance  for  accuracy.     With  this 
view,  I  submitted  the  work  to  several  old  gentlemen,  Mr.  Jefferson, 
Mr.  Roane,  Mr.  Tucker,  and  two  or  three  others  in  Hanover.     The 
style  of  narrative,  too,  was  entirely  new  to  me.     I  did  not  like  my 
own  work,  and  from  the  little  interest  it  appeared  to  have  with  me,  I 
was  desirous  to  see  how  it  would  strike  others,  and  therefore  showed 
it  to  half  a  dozen  of  as  different  tastes  as  I  could  select,  trying  to  form, 
in  this  way,  an  epitome  of  society.     The  result  is  flattering,  yet  still, 
perhaps,  delusive ;  but  I  do  not  regret  this  submission  of  the  manu- 
script, for  I  have  been  set  right  in  several  important  facts,  and  have 
had  a  number  of  little  blemishes  removed  which  had  escaped  my  own 
att-ention.     Nor  have  I  been  perplexed  by  contradictory  criticisms  in 
any  case,  except  in  relation  to  the  mountain  stream, — of  which,  more 
anon. 

If  there  ever  were  any  beauties  in  the  work,  they  all  remain,  no 
friend  having  advised  the  erasure  of  a  single  passage  which  had  any 
pretensions  to  beauty,  "except  as  before  excepted."  So  that  your 
apprehensions  from  this  submission  of  the  manuscript,  although  kind 
and  partial,  are  altogether  groundless.  The  dissertation  on  the  differ- 
ent talents  for  speaking  and  writing  never  pleased  me.  I  should  have 
altered  it,  of  my  own  accord,  and  am  glad  that  the  change  is  approved 
by  your.self  and  Frank.  It  is  accordingly  altered.  I  am  not  to  this 
moment,  however,  entirely  sure  that  there  is  not  something  more  in 
the  incongruity  of  those  faculties  than  we  are  willing  to  admit :  and 
whether  the  congruity  is  not  rather  confined  to  the  Umaliis  genus 
diccndi  of  Laelius,  than  the  irregular  and  fiery  force  of  Galba,  is,  as 
Lord  Coke  says,  considerable.  But  let  this  pass;  the  alteration  is 
made.  And  now  for  the  mountain  stream.  I  am  going  to  speak  to 
you  in  all  the  confiding  openness  of  our  friendship. 

When  I  first  wrote  that  passage  I  was  so  much  pleased  with  it,  that 
I  laid  down  my  pen,  and  coming  in  to  my  wife,  who  had  caught  all 
my  anxiety  about  it,  observed  to  her  that  I  was  now  at  ease  about 
my  book,  and  that  I  was  sure  it  would  live,  if  for  nothing  else,  for  a 
passage  which  I  had  just  written.    A  friend  and  disciple  of  mine,  Mr 


24 


REVIEW   OF  THE  BIOGRAPHY. 


[1817. 


Upshur,  coming  in  shortly  after,  I  took  him  to  the  office  and  read  the 
, passage  aloud  to  him.  In  the  reading,  I  was  myself  a  little  startled 
at  the  perseA'erance  of  the  figure,  and  the  rattling,  cracking,  and 
bursting  of  the  billows,  the  shrouds,  and  the  ocean'.  He  desired  it  to 
be  read  again,  and  it  was  done  in  rather  a  gentler  tone,  to  moderate 
the  violence  of  the  tempest,  when  he  pronounced  it  beantiful,  and  1 
was  very  willing  to  believe  him. 

My  friend  Clark  came  down  a  few  days  afterwards  :  when  I  read  it 
to  him  his  eyes  filled  with  tears  of  rapturous  admiration,  and  he  swore 
that  that  was  the  very  kind  of  writing  which  had  made  the  British 
Spy  so  popular. 

After  this,  the  sheets  were  sent  to  the  sage  of  Monticello,  and 
returned,  with  a  pencilled  hand  in  the  margin  opposite  to  the  passage, 
and  on  a  separate  paper  a  note,  merely  saying  the  description  was 
"  a  little  too  poetical."  Quoth  I  to  myself,  "  you  are  too  old  and 
cold  —  and  I  shall  not  mind  you;"  — but  I  could  not  help  doing  it, 
for  all  that.  Judge  Cabell  read  it  twice  or  thrice  under  the  influence 
of  Mr.  Jefferson's  objection,  and  declared  himself  of  opinion  that  the 
objection  was  groundless.  Judge  Brockenborough,  on  reading  the 
manuscript  the  first  time,  observed  to  me,  in  conversation,  that  he 
thought  the  passage  too  Jlowery ;  but  when  he  returned  the  manu- 
script, he  observed  that  he  had  changed  his  opinion  and  thought  it 
highly  beautiful.  Such  was  the  posture  of  things  when  Frank  came 
down  and  united  with  jMr.  Jefferson.  I  then  determined,  if  you  fell 
into  the  same  opinion,  to  expunge  the  passage ;  and  this  resolution 
was  strengthened  after  Frank  went  away,  by  Colonel,  now  Judge 
Parker  (of  whose  critical  abilities  I  think  very  highly),  who  was  of 
opinion  that  there  was  rather  too  much  of  it.  I  was  on  the  point  of 
striking  it  out,  when  Frank's  letter  and  then  yours  came  to  restore 
the  balance  to  its  eguilihrium.  With  a  court  so  divided,  I  confess 
myself  at  a  loss  how  to  decide.  As  at  present  advised,  however,  I 
believe  I  shall  hazard  it,  though  not  without  fear  and  trembling,  I 
confess. 

In  the  mean  time,  suppose  you  try  Henry  Tucker's  opinion  on  it. 
It  is,  indeed,  by  no  means  a  fair  trial  to  read  a  passage  _  of  this  sort, 
detached  from  the  warming  preparation  which  ushers  it  in  —  but  if  it 
does  not  strike  him  as  extravagant,  ranting,  and  rhapsodical,  when 
read  in  this  way,  I  shall  have  the  more  confidence  in  its  success.  The 
passage,  I  know,  may  be  ridiculed,  and  successfully  ridiculed,  too,  so 
far  as  to  raise  a  laugh,  but  so  may  any  thing,  however  beautiful. 
"Whether  it  deserves  to  be  ridiculed,  is  the  question  I  wish  to  have 

decided.     G.  H 's  rule  is  to  strike  out  every  thing  of  which  he 

is  made  to  doubt,  and  probably  it  is  owing  to  this  that  his  writings 
are  so  smooth  and  perspicuously  insipid.  I  had  much  rather  have 
faults  than  to  have  no  beauties :  and  who  that  ever  had  beauties  was 
without  fault  ?     The  most  beautiful  author  in  the  world  is,  perhaps, 


Chap.  I.] 


LETTER  TO  GILMER.  25 


the  fullest  of  faults.  I  moan  Sbakspeare ;  who,  by-thc-byc,  has  a 
passage  that  has  been  several  times  recalled  to  my  recollection  by  the 
objections  to  my  stream.     It  is  in  Macbeth  : 

"  And   Pity,  like  a  naked   new-born  babe 
Hovs'd  on  the  sii;litless  coursers  of  the  air, 
Shall   blow   the  horrid   deed   in   every  eye, 
Till  teais  shall  drown  the  wmd." 

I  hope  my  stream  is  not  as  bombastic  as  this. — But  enough  of  this 
"  confounded  stream,"  as  you  are  ready  to  cry. 

A  word  or  two,  however,  as  to  the  general  style  of  my  book.  I 
had,  at  first,  a  thought  of  trj-ing  to  imitate  the  beautiful  simplicity  of 
Currie,  in  his  Life  of  Burns ;  but  the  subjects  are  so  different  that  I 
could  not  satisfy  myself  with  that  style,  f  found  it  impossible  to  give 
any  idea  of  the  overwhelming  power  of  JMr.  Henry,  without  taking 
more  scope  and  a  bolder  range.     Is  the  reason  satisfactory  ? 

I  thank  Heaven,  the  attack  which  I  had  when  Frank  was  here, 
was  of  very  short  duration.  I  am  as  hearty  as  a  buck,  and  as  oiu- 
friend  Pope  says,  "as  fat  as  a  fool,"  so  that  I  shall  have  no  apology 
for  a  trip  to  Winchester,  and  shall  have  my  hands  too  full  of  busi- 
ness through  the  vacation  to  make  an  excursion  for  pleasure.  I 
shall  do  all  that  I  have  to  do  for  Henry  in  a  fortnight.  The  book 
will  appear  in  October. 

But  Fielding  Lucas,  of  Baltimore,  has  been  here  since  Frank  went 
away,  and  claims  a  promise  which  I  made  him  some  months  ago,  to 
furnish  a  few  numbers  for  a  new  edition  of  the  Old  Bachelor.  Can 
you  help  me  out  with  a  few  Icvigalers?  for  you  agree  with  me,  I 
think,  that  the  work  is  at  present  too  grave  and  heavy  to  fly  well. 

He  is  about  to  print  an  edition  on  the  same  type  and  of  the  same 
size  with  his  neat  edition  of  the  ]>ritish  Spy,  and  I  wish,  if  possible, 
to  prevent  him  from  suffering  by  his  enterprise. 

Shall  we  never  see  you  in  Richmond?  Are  we  never  to  meet 
again  ?  I  have  a  tribe  of  children  to  show  you,  of  whom  I  have 
reason  to  be  proud.  But  let  nie  not  boast;  for,  as  Sancho  sagely 
observes,  "nothing  is  so  vain,  as  vanity  1" 

We  are  all  well,  and  unite  in  love  to  you  and  yours. 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Richmond,  August  11,  1817. 
Dear  Francis: 

I  owe  you  several  letters,  which,  if  you  insist  on  punctilio,  you 
must  let  me  pay  you  as  I  can,  for  I  am  very  busy;  and  though  not 
lazy,  what  comes  pretty  nearly  to  the  same  thing, — unsystematic,  and, 
of  course,  pressed  and  oppressed  by  my  business. 

Vol.  11  —  3 


26 


THE  DISPUTED   PASSAGE, 


[1817. 


I  bad  just  determined  to  strike  out  the  figure  of  tlie  mountain 
stroaiu,  upon  Parker's  concurrence  with  you  and  Mr.  J.,  when  your 
last  letter'  and  then  the  Chancellor's,  came  to  change  my  resolution. 
I  think  if  you  will  read  this  passage  without  the  figure,  you  will  feel 
that  something  is  wanting,  and  that  you  would  have  felt  this,  although 
you  had  never  seen  the  said  figure.  The  objection  made  by  Parker 
is,  that  there  is  too  much  of  it ;  that  is,  as  I  understand  it,  the  resem- 
blances are  too  minutely  and  circumstantially  followed  out.  The  four 
most  interesting  situations  iu  which  moving  water  can  be  seen  are,  I 
think,  the  streamlet  playing  down  the  mountain's  side, — the  cataract, 
—  the  placid  river  of  the  West,  —  and  the  stormy  ocean.  I  think  it 
must  be  admitted  that  either  of  these,  singly,  and  all  of  them  in  suc- 
cession, bear  an  apt  resemblance  either  to  poetry  or  eloquence.  The 
streamlet  seems  the  most  objectionable ;  yet  Brent's  eloquence,  you 
may  remember,  was  entirely  of  this  cast,  and  Henry's  could  be  so 
whenever  he  plejised.  Suppose  we  abridge  the  passage  thus  :  "  His 
el<x|uence  was  poured  from  inexhaustible  sources,  and  assumed  every 
variety  of  hue  and  form  and  motion  that  could  amaze  or  persuade, 
instruct  or  astonish.  Sometimes,  it  was  the  limpid  rivulet  murmuring 
down  the  mountain  side,  and  winding  its  silver  course  between  mar- 
gins of  moss;  then  gradually  swelling  to  a  bolder  head,  it  roared  in 
the  headlong  cataract  and  spread  its  rainbows  to  the  sun;  now  it 
moved  on  in  tranquil  majesty,  like  a  river  of  the  West,  reflecting  from 
its  polished  surface  grove,  and  cliiF,  and  sky;  anon  it  was  the  angry 
ocean,  chafed  by  the  tempest,  and  hurling  its  billows  in  sublime 
defiance  of  the  storm  that  frowned  above."  Will  this  mend  the 
matter  ?     Submit  the  comparison  to  our  Winchester  counsel. 

The  gi-eatest  objection  I  have  to  it  myself,  is  that  I  have  discovered, 
since  you  went  away,  the  figure  to  be  in  part  anticipated  and  wholly- 
eclipsed  by  an  un-named  quotation,  in  Stewart's  Essays.  It  is  possi- 
bly from  Beattie, — or  is  it  Dryden  ? 

"  Now  the  rich  stream  of  miisio  winds  along, 
Deep,  majestic,  smooth,  ami  strong, 
Tiiroui;h  vei>lant  vales  ami  Ceres'  golden  reign; 
Now  rolling  down  the  steep  amain, 
Headlong,  impetuous,  see  it  pour. 
The  rocks  and  nodding  groves  rebellow  to  the  roar." 

There  is  diiference  enough,  however,  both  in  the  features  and  appli- 
cation, to  save  me  from  the  imputation  of  plagiarism,  of  which  I  have 
certainly  been  no  fiirthcr  giiilty,  than  as  mountain  torrents,  cataracts 
and  oceans  have  been  lawfid  prey  for  these  occasions,  ever  since  the 
davs  of  Homer,  at  least. 

The  remarks  on  the  diifcrent  talents  of  speaking  and  writing  have 
been  altered,  as  you  will  see,  by  reference  to  my  letter  to  the  Chan- 
cellor. 


Chap.  I.]  THE  BIOGRAPHY  SENT  TO  PRESS.  27 

Fielding  Lucas  has  been  here,  and  complained  greatly  of  your 
having  forgotten  your  promise  to  continiio  tlie  sketches.  I  am  sorry 
you  made  the  promise,  —  considering  the  very  limited  materials  on 
which  you  liad  to  work,  and  extreme  delicacy  and  danger  of  the  task. 
What  is  to  he  done  ?  I  should  think  you  might  make  something  in- 
teresting of  llufus  King,  Webster,  Calhoun,  Lowndes,  Forsyth  and 
Barbour.  Then,  there  is  3Ir.  Madison  still  untouched,  but  whom 
you  never  heard ;  although,  from  knowing  him,  you  may  easily  imagine 
his  manner,  and  can  procure  his  speeches.  There  is  Gouveneur 
Morris,  too,  of  whom  you  may  learn  much,  I  should  suppose,  from 
Judge  White.  Suppose,  too,  you  embalm  the  memory  of  Brent,  or 
Ames,  or  Hamilton  ?  But  publish  nothing  that  will  not  redound  to 
your  fame,  (even  if  you  have  to  beg  off  from  Lucas,)  and  do  not  pub- 
lish without  consulting  at  least  one  candid  and  judicious  friend.  You 
cannot  find  one  better  qualified  than  the  Chancellor,  who  is  at  hand ; 
and,  trust  me,  you  may  avoid  mischief  by  consulting  him.  We  all 
missed  you  very  much,  after  j'ou  left  us.  Shall  we  not  see  you  again  ? 
You  have  our  good  wishes.  My  wife  and  children  join  in  love  to 
you.  Cabell  asks,  in  a  letter,  how  you  dare  to  come  to  town,  when 
he  is  awa}^  ? 

Farewell — may  you  be  all  that  you  wish  ! 

Y'our  friend,  Wm.  Wirt. 

The  disputed  piece  of  rhetoric,  referred  to  in  these  two  letters,  was 
retained,  notwithstanding  the  severer  judgment  of  the  friends  who 
condemned  it.  The  author  was  not  willing  to  consign  it  to  that  limbo 
of  darling  conceits  to  which  the  discarded  favourites  of  many  a  glow- 
ing brain  have  been  banished  by  the  ruthless  decree  of  friends  who 
have  been  called  to  sit  in  judgment  over  unpublished  manuscripts. 
The  biography  having  been  now  submitted  to  its  last  ordeal,  been  read 
and  re-read  by  critics  partial  and  impartial,  discussed  in  general  and 
in  particular,  amended  and  made  perfect, — as  far  as  imperfect  human 
skill,  under  many  conditions  of  embarrassment  and  disability,  may  do 
such  work, — is  at  last  sent  to  the  press,  not  without  many  misgivings, 
doubts  and  fears,  nor  without  some  sanguine  hopes,  more  characteristic 
of  the  writer's  disposition.  In  the  following  letter,  one  may  almost 
hear  him  whistling  to  keep  up  his  courage. 

TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

RicH.MOND,  September  13,  1817. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

You  have  expressed  so  much  anxiety  that  I  should  get  Patrick 
Henry  off  my  hands,  that  I  am  sure  you  will  be  relieved  by  being 


28  HIS  ANXIETY.  [1817. 

told,  that,  on  Friday  the  fifth  of  this  month,  I  delivered  the  whole 
manuscript,  from  the  title-page  to  "finis,"  to  Webster's  agent;  that 
it  reached  Philadelphia,  I  suppose,  last  Thursday;  and  that  before 
this  reaches  you,  it  will  be  in  the  press.  The  press  is  to  be  corrected 
by  Mr.  Ilanna,  a  young  gentleman  of  this  place  who  copied  the  ma- 
nuscript, and  by  the  celebrated  Judge  Cooper.  The  latter  has  just 
assured  me,  through  AYebster,  that  he  will  do  everything  in  his  power 
to  have  the  typography  perfect;  and  Webster  has  purchased  a  new 
font  of  elegant  type  for  the  occasion.  The  paper  is  of  the  very  first 
quality,  and  Welaster  has  pledged  himself  that  the  mechanical  part 
of  the  work  shall  do  me  honour.  Does  not  all  this  preparation  make 
you  cjuake  for  me,  and  do  you  not  catch  your  breath  as  you  say  to 
yourself,  "  Pariurhint  montes,"  &c.  ?  Remember,  this  is  the  fii'st 
work  I  have  ever  ofiered  to  the  public,  with  my  name  1o  il,  and  I  con- 
fess the  novelty  of  the  situation  gives  me  some  unj^leasant  throbs. 
But  "the  deed  is  done  —  the  die  is  cast,"  and  I  suppose  that  by 
Christmas  I  may  add,  "  war  comes  riding  on  the  blast."  But  "  damme, 
who  's  afraid  V  "  There  was  an  old  prophecy  found  in  a  bog — Lilli- 
burlero,  bullen  a  la,"  &c. 

I  have  this  consolation,  that  if  the  book  has  merit  there  is  no  critic 
in  America  who  has  sufficient  weight  of  character  to  destroy  it,  and 
if  it  has  not,  it  would  die  a  natural  death  without  their  help;  so  that 
I  have  nothing  to  fear  from  them.  If  they  should  take  it  into  their 
critical  noddles  to  praise  it, — why,  well  and  good, — "  they  are  heartily 
welcome,  an'  it  were  twice  as  much."  If  they  abuse  it,  we  will  either 
abuse  them  in  turn  or  be  silent,  as  circumstances  may  require. 

As  to  European  critics,  let  them  tomahawk  away.  It  is  not  ex- 
pected of  them  to  extol  anything  American.  So  you  see  the  resources 
of  comfort  to  which  I  am  rcadj"  to  resort.  To  say  the  truth,  (between 
you  and  me  and  the  post, )  there  is  a  part  of  the  book  which  I  myself 
think  extremely  heavy  and  soporific,  but  it  was  unavoidable ;  for  it  is 
that  part  in  which  I  have  been  obliged  to  rely  on  David  Robertson's 
reports  of  Henry's  speeches  in  the  convention,  and  in  the  great  British 
debt  case.  The  work  would  have  been  obviously  very  incomplete 
without  this  Yturt  of  it,  and  yet,  with  it,  that  part  of  the  road  is  very 
deep  and  miry.  But  if  the  reader  does  not  choose  to  wade  through 
it,  he  can  hop  over  it,  and  so  he  cannot  blame  me  if  he  soils  his 
stockings.  Webster  thinks  he  can  have  the  book  here  by  the  fii'st  of 
December,  in  order  to  meet  the  Assembly ;  and  in  the  meantime  I 
shall  try  to  forget  it — to  which,  as  a  friend,  I  also  advise  you. 
******* 

I  owe  Frank  a  letter.  Tell  him  I  will  pay  him  shortly  with  in- 
terest. Give  our  love  to  him,  and  to  your  hearth  and  family  gods, 
not  forgetting  Tucker. 

Your  friend  forever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Chap.  1.1  LETTER  FROM  MR.  MONROE.  29 

Tlie  "Sketches  of  the  Life  and  Character  of  Patrick  Henry," — • 
this  was  the  title  of  the  book,  —  went  rapidly  through  the  press  and 
appeared  in  public  about  the  first  of  November.  This  was  a  period 
of  great  interest  in  the  life  of  "Wirt.  He  had  not  only  thrown  him- 
self before  the  world,  for  the  first  time,  in  the  avowed  character  of  an 
author,  with  his  name  appended  to  his  work,  but  he  was  also,  at  this 
epoch,  called  to  assume  a  position  of  great  notoriety  and  observation 
in  the  political  concerns  of  the  countr}',  and  to  accept  the  office  of 
Attorney-General  of  the  United  States,  which  had  been  recently 
vacated  by  the  appointment  of  Jlr.  Rush  to  represent  the  government 
it  the  Court  of  St.  James. 

The  following  letter  from  the  President  contained  a  summons  which, 
it  is  said,  and,  I  believe,  truly  said,  was  altogether  unexpected,  as  it 
tvas  certainly  unsought  by  him  to  whom  it  was  addressed. 

JAMES   MONROE   TO   WILLIAM    WIRT. 

[Private.] 

Washington,  October  29,  1817. 
Dear  Sir: 

The  vacancy  made  in  the  office  of  Attorney-General  of  the  United 
States,  by  the  appointment  of  Mr.  Hush  Minister  to  England,  enables 
me  to  offer  it  to  your  acceptance.  Highly  respecting  your  talents, 
and  having  long  entertained  a  sincere  friendship  for  you,  I  need  not 
add  that  it  would  be  very  gratifying  to  me  to  find  that  this  proposition 
accorded  with  your  interest  and  views.  Should  this  be  the  case,  I 
hope  that  it  will  be  convenient  to  you  to  join  us  at  an  early  day,  as 
there  are  many  subjects  of  great  importance  requiring  early  attention. 
A  "Visit  to  Richmond  to  attend  to  your  engagements  there,  after  the 
expiration  of  a  few  weeks,  would  not,  I  presume,  interfere  with  your 
duties  here. 

I  am,  dear  sir,  with  sincere  regard, 

Yours, 

James  Monroe. 

"WTien  this  letter  reached  Richmond,  Wirt  was  at  Norfolk,  in 
attendance  upon  the  Court  there,  as  the  District  Attorney  of  the 
Government.  The  following  playful  letter,  written  to  ]Mrs.  Wirt  at 
this  time,  will  show  how  unconscious  he  was  of  the  purpose  of  the 
President,  and  with  what  gaiety  of  spirit  he  pursued  his  customary 
avocations.  His  authorship  and  its  anticipated  triumphs,  the  reader 
will  see,  were  by  no  means  in  the  back-ground  of  his  meniment. 
3* 


so 


LETTER   TO   MRS.  WIRT. 


TO    MRS.   WIRT. 


[1317. 


Norfolk,  November  3,  1817. 
****** 

"  You  can  easily  conceive  the  painful  disappointment  I  met,  when 
on  running  to  the  carriage  door  to  open  it,  I  found  it  empty,  and  had 
an  explanation  from  James  of  the  whys  and  wherefores.  That  you 
and  our  dear  children  should  be  all  disappointed  by  such  a  cause,  was 
intolerable.  '  Wellj'quoth  I,  trying  to  recover  myself,  '  bring  down 
my  trunk  and  cloak/ — 'Your  cloak  ?'  said  Frederick.     '  Yes  sir,  my 

of  the  can-iage,  and   bring  it  into  the  boat.' 
the  carriage,  sir.'      '  The  d — 1  it  ain't,  and  why 


cloak;  —  take  it  out 


told  me  to  bring  it,  sir,' — '  nor  me  nother, 


'  Your  cloak  ain't  in 
ain't  it?'     'You  never 

said  James, — 'nor  me,'  said  Morris; — which,  to  make  the  matter 
worse,  (for  it  left  me  no  one  to  scold  at)  reflection  assured  me  was  true  ; 
— for  1  had  only  told  Omai, — and  requested  Kobert  and  Cabell,  each, 
most  cviphatically,  twice  or  thrice.  But  then  said  reflection  again,  in 
a  pretty  audible  voice, — '  consider  what  a  hurry  they  were  iu, — and 
how  they  must  have  been  fretted  by  the  refractoriness  of  the  horses ; 
children  crying,  and  perhaps  your  wife  not  far  from  it.  Was  that  a 
time  to  think  of  cloaks  ?  For  shame,  man  !'  Says  I,  '  Madam  Re- 
flection, you  will  be  so  good  as  to  kiss  my  foot.'  Says  she, '  I  shan't. 
Shame  on  you,  man,  I  say  again  !'  And  so  she  and  I  went  grumbling 
on  for  five  or  six  miles  down  the  river.  At  last,  thinks  I,  I  will  get 
a  book  and  read  it  oif.  '  Captain,  have  you  any  books  on  board  V 
'  No,  sir,  not  one.'  '  Captain  Shuster  (your  predecessor)  kept  books 
for  his  own  amusement,  and  that  of  the  passengers.'  '  Yes,  sir,  and 
Mr.  Tazewell  means  to  have  a  library  for  this  boat.'  '  I  am  glad  to 
hear  it ; — it  is  a  great  comfort  for  me,  at  present,  to  know  what  is 
intended  hereafter.'  '  Can't  help  it,  sir  ! — you  man  at  the  helm,  lufi", 
luff".'  Says  I  to  myself,  I  will  go  and  lie  down.  'Steward,  is  it 
lawful  on  board  of  this  boat  to  lie  down  in  the  day-time  ?'  '  Yes,  sir,, 
in  your  own  berth.'  '  But  my  berth  is  in  the  second  tier,  four  feet 
and  a  half  from  the  cabin  floor,  and  I  can't  climb  up  into  it  without 
taking  ofi"  my  coat  and  shoes.  I  don't  want  to  go  to  bed,  but  merely 
to  loll  awhile.'  '  You  must  loll  in  your  berth,  then,  sir.'  '  Savage  I' 
thought  I, '  do  you  know  or  can  you  imagine  the  disappointments  and 


crosses  I  have  met  with  this  morning  ?' 
this  patience? — ^is  this  dignity?     Fie 


Says  reflection,  again, — '  Is 
on  you,  man  ! — forget  your 
little  frivolous  vexations,  which  no  man  would  think  of  for  a  moment. 
Don't  you  see  that  your  fellow  passengers  know  you,  although  you 
don't  know  them  ?  That  they  are  looking  at  you  and  whispering, — 
there  is  the  author  of  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry,  &c-,  &c.'  _  Says  I, 
'I  doubt  whether  they  ever  have  heard,  or  ever  will  hear  of  it.' 

"  By  degrees  I  began  to  get  composed.     The  boat  flev/  at  the  rate 


CUAP.    I.] 


REFLECTIONS.  31 


of  fifteen  miles  an  liour.  As  we  sliot  between  Westover  and  ^Maycox, 
I  remembered  you,  my  love,  and  tlic  feelings  with  which  I  had  crossed 
the  ferry  with  you  and  our  infant  Laura,  some  thirteen  years  befoi-e, 
on  our  way, — our  mournful  way, — to  Norfolk.  In  these  thirteen 
year^;,  what  revolutions  upon  revolutions,  changes  upon  changes,  losses 
and  gains, — what  variety  of  events  !  Yes,  thirteen  years  have  since 
rolled  over  us,  and  have  found  us,  if  I  know  my  own  heart  and  yours, 
with  affections  unabated,  and  esteem  increased.  This  reflection  con- 
tributed still  more  to  soothe  me,  and  a  good  night's  rest  has  put  me 
in  humour  with  myself  and  the  world.  We  reached  Norfolk  at  three 
o'clock  this  morning.  A  little  after  daylight  I  packed  off  to  Davis's 
again,  (Dana's  old  house)  opposite  to  Tazewell's,  where  I  have  a  very 
good  room.  In  the  same  house  are  our  parson  Hart,  and  his  lady — 
and  Young,  the  actor,  and  his  lady — besides  several  other  transient 
boarders.  We  had  a  court  to-day,  in  which  I  got  several  judgments 
for  the  United  States,  amounting  to  about  two  hundred  dollars  in 
fees.  To-morrow  I  go  on  again  in  the  same  way, — and  by  industrious 
effort  hope  to  return  in  the  steamboat  on  Friday.  The  players  are 
here, — Cooper  among  them :  They  play  the  Honey  ]Moon  to-night, 
and  Hamlet  on  Wednesday.  Rather  think  I  shall  go  to  hear  them. 
I  dine  with  Tazewell  en  famille.  The  hour  has  arrived  :  so,  for  the 
present,  fare  thee  well !    I  shall  write  you  farther  to-morrow  morning." 

Tuesday  Morning. 
"  Well,  I  went  to  see  the  play.  Tazewell,  Taylor  and  the  Ni\asons 
were  of  the  party.  The  play,  you  may  remember,  is  a  very  good  one. 
Cooper  played  the  Duke,  and  3Irs.  Young,  Juliana.  The  play  was 
well  performed,  and  so  was  the  after-piece,  the  Lock  and  Key.  I  had 
not  seen  a  play  for  six  years,  and  yet  I  must  acknowledge  I  had  very 
little  enjoyment  in  it.  It  seemed  to  me  almost  as  stale  and  flat  'as  a 
twice-told  tale,  vexing  the  dull  car  of  a  drowsy  man.'  How  is  this 
to  be  accounted  for,  but  that  the  tiptoe  curiosity,  imagination  and  sen- 
sibility of  youth  are  gone,  and  that  time  is  laying  his  icy  hand  on  the 
sources  of  my  enjoyment?  The  scenery  AViis  quite  passable; — the 
dresses  most  splendidly  theatrical — and  the  orchestra  scraping  and 
blowing  and  jigging  away,  as  merrily  as  possible.  But  it  all  would 
not  do  for  me — the  novelty  was  gone.  1  dare  say  if  you  and  our 
children  had  been  with  me,  I  should  have  caught  your  enjoyment  by 
reflection: — but  enough  of  this." 

Upon  his  return  from  Norfolk,  Wirt  immediately  repaired  to  Wash- 
ington.  The  few  letters  which  follow  tell  their  own  story,  and  supply 
a  pleasant  chapter  in  the  history  of  a  joyous  heart  which  has  reached 
the  goal  of  its  desires.     We  have  here  the  picture  of  a  public  man 


32 


ACCEPTS  THE  ATTORNEY  GENERALSHIP. 


[IS]  I 


and  an  author,  entering  upon  a  new  career  of  honourable  enterprise, 
surrounded  by  many  blessings,  and  who  now,  in  the  glory  of  an  ex- 
ulting manhood,  with  every  prize  in  possession,  which  his  ambition 
might  have  coveted,  wins  our  esteem  by  the  genial  glow  of  his  do- 
mestic affections,  and  by  his  wise  appreciation  of  that  richest  and 
purest  source  of  human  happiness,  the  simple  and  natural  pleasures 
of  the  family  home. 

TO    MRS.    WIRT. 


My  Beloved  Wife  ; 


Washingtox,  D.  C,  November  13,  1817. 


The  die  is  cast, — I  have  accepted  the  oiEce.  Mr.  Monroe  and 
such  of  the  cabinet  as  he  consulted  were  clearly  of  opinion  that 
there  was  no  kind  of  necessity  to  give  up  my  connection  with  the 
foundry.*  They  all  assure  me  that  there  is  nothing  in  the  duties  of 
the  office  to  prevent  the  general  practice  of  my  profession  in  this 
place,  and  attending  occasional  calls  to  Baltimore,  Philadelphia,  or 
elsewhere.  Nothing  remains  but  the  quantity  of  business,  and  of 
this  I  have  not  been  able  to  get  complete  information,  because  of  the 
absence  both  of  the  clerk  and  of  Swann.  I  have  been  compelled, 
therefore,  to  act  on  such  as  I  could  get ;  and  on  this,  under  Heaven's 
guidance  and  support,  I  have  no  doubt  of  bettering  the  situation  of 
our  dear  children  by  the  move.  I  cannot  yet  say  when  I  will  retm-n  : 
— in  a  day  or  two  I  shall  be  able.  I  write  this  with  flying  fingers, 
having  just  returned  from  a  consultation  with  the  President,  and 
finding  the  mail  hour  arriving.  So,  love  and  kisses  to  our  blessed 
children ;  and  may  God  of  his  infinite  mercy  follow  with  his  blessing 
what  I  have  done  for  them  in  this  decision. 

Your  own, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    MRS.   WIRT. 

Washington,  D.  C,  November  17,  1817. 
My  Best  Beloved  : 

I  have  just  returned  from  paying  and  returning  a  round  of  official 
and  ceremonious  visits, — a  business,  you  know,  of  all  others,  the  most 
congenial  with  my  temper  and  habits  ! — I  set  out  at  ten  o'clock ;  it 
is  now  one.    I  have  been  to  the  President's,  the  Secretary  of  State's, 


*  This  has  reference  to  an  interest  wbicli  Mr.  W.  had  in  some  iron- works 
ill  Virginia,  which  probably  had  some  government  contracts  to  fulfil. 


Chap.  I.]  THE   ATTORNEY-GENERALSHIP.  33 

the  Secrctmy  of  the  Treasury's,  tlic  acting  Secretary  of  War's,  the 
l>ritish  Minister's,  the  British  Consul's  and  Secretary  of  Legation's, 
Commodore  Decatur's,  &c.,  &c.  How  do  you  think  you  will  stand 
all  this  ?  And  yet  you  will  have  to  go  through  it  all ;  ay,  and  more 
too.  Why  that  sigh  ?  It  is  nothing  when  you  get  used  to  it.  liagot 
is  a  prime  fellow,  and  his  wife  is  another.  You  will  like  them.  Our 
dear  children  will  like  the  old  Abbe  Correa ;  and  our  dear  E —  will 
like  Com.  Decatur.  Robert  will  like  the  Indian  chiefs ;  poor  L — 
will  like  nothing,  and  want  to  go  back  to  llichmond ;  the  others  will 
like  being  in  a  new  place  where  they  will  have  elbow  room  enough  to 
play  at  large ;  and  1  will  love  you  all,  and  be  as  happy  as  the  day  is 
long,  if  my  profession  succeeds. 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    MRS.    WIRT. 

Washington,  November  20,  1817. 
****** 

I  have  just  received  your  fiivoiir  of  the  18th,  and  have  told  Mr. 
Baily  that  I  am  off.  I  shall  either  rent  or  purchase,  as  I  find  best, 
since  you  leave  me  at  large.  You  know  I  came  on  with  the  expecta- 
tion of  staying  two  or  three  weeks,  if  I  should  accept,  in  order  to 
throw  off  from  the  office  the  load  of  business  which  had  accumulated 
since  Mr.  Rush's  resignation.  This  I  am  doing  as  industriously  as  I 
can,  and  when  done,  1  shall,  as  you  suggest,  come  to  Richmond  and 
stay  some  weeks  to  arrange  my  business  there.  I  am  extremely 
anxious  to  get  my  family  on  before  the  steamboats  are  stopped  by  the 
ice, — for  the  roads  are  horrible  in  the  winter.  As  to  my  living  sepa- 
rate from  them,  I  would  die  first.  I  fear  you  are  suffering  yourself 
to  be  made  melancholy  by  this  change  of  residence ;  but  if  you  are 
opposed  to  it,  why  did  you  not  tell  me  so  ?  I  thought  the  proposal 
had  your  approbation,  and  that  you  even  preferred  my  acceptance. 
If  you  have  changed  your  mind,  (as  you  did  in  the  Kentucky  case,) 
I  live  but  for  your  happiness,  and  will  lay  down  the  office  without 
hesitation.  It  would,  indeed,  be  extremely  fickle  and  undignified, 
and  I  should  be  lashed  for  it  in  those  prints  which  are  now  ringing 
my  praises  here  in  full  chorus ;  but  I  would  rather  be  lashed  to  the 
very  bone  than  to  see  you  unhappy. 

*  *  *  *  *  *  * 

The  newspapers  seem  to  be  trying  what  ballast  I  have  on  board. 
I  am  quite  ashamed  of  the  magnificent  eulogies  which  they  are  sound- 
ing here  on  my  talents,  accomplishments,  and  all  that ;  and  in  Phila- 
delphia, the  rapturous  encomiums  whicli  they  are  bestowing  on  my 
book.  But  they  have  not  yet  unsettled  the  trim  of  my  wherry ;  nor 
will  they,  if  I  know  myself.  I  keep  as  steady  as  possible,  in  the 
expectation  of  a  counterblast ;  for  the  praise  is  too  high  to  last,  and, 

c 


34 


NEWSPAPER  ENCOMIUMS. 


[1818. 


I  know,  mucli  more  than  is  deserved.  All  these  things  settle,  at  last, 
to  their  proper  grade  —  too  high  to-day,  too  low  to-morrow ;  but,  like 
the  vibration  of  a  well-poised  needle  drawn  aside  from  its  polar  direc- 
tion and  then  let  go,  however  it  may  swing  backwards  and  forwards 
for  a  while,  it  points  right  at  last. 

Give  my  love  to  L- 


I  enclose  her  a  curiosity.  Let  her 
hold  it  between  a  candle  and  the  wall,  and  she  will  see  on  the  wall 
the  head  of  our  Saviour.  Incledon,  the  celebrated  singer  from  the 
London  stage,  is  now  here.     I  have  heard  him  sing.     I  would  not 

give  Maria  M 's  Savoyard  for  his  whole  collection.     Yet  he  sings 

well,  for  a  man. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    II, 

1818. 


PUBLICATION   OF   THE    SKETCHES    OF    PATRICK   HENRY.  —  ITS    RE- 
CEPTION.   CHARACTER    OF     THE     AVORK. UNFRIENDLY     COM- 

MENTS    OP    THE    NORTH  AMERICAN    REVIEW. NOTICE  OF  THIS 

CRITICISM. REPUBLICATION    OF   NOVANGLUS  AND   MASSACHU- 

SETTENSIS    BY    MR.    ADAMS,    WITH     SOME    REFERENCE    TO     THE 

SKETCHES. CORRESPONDENCE   BETWEEN    MR.  ADAMS  AND  MR. 

WIRT. 

The  Sketches  of  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  were  well  received  by 
the  public.  The  newspaper  criticism,  which  immediately  followed 
their  appearance,  was  lavish  of  encomiums  upon  the  author.  His 
promotion,  at  the  same  period,  to  a  post  in  the  Cabinet,  we  may  sup- 
15ose,  did  not  diminish  the  zeal  of  commendation.  Congratulations 
were  poured  in  upon  him  for  the  eminent  success  of  his  labours,  from 
many  quarters ;  —  from  true  friends  who  really  took  pleasure  in  his 
prosperity,  —  from  the  selfish  who  had  favours  to  ask,  and  wished  to 
be  kept  in  memory  by  a  distinguished  member  of  the  Cabinet,  —  and 
from  those  whose  nature,  without  a  more  special  motive,  inclined  them 
to  pay  homage  to  a  rising  man.  In  this  multitude  there  were  some 
judicious  and  alle  critics,  whose  praise  came  with  most  grateful 
savour  to  the  author,  and  he  received  their  expressions  of  approbation 


Chap.  II.]  PATRICK  HENRY.  35 

with  the  joy  which  belonged  to  his  character.  In  some  of  the  letters 
which  will  be  presented  in  this  chapter,  we  may  note  the  radiant 
gaiety  of  heart  which  these  tributes  inspired. 

First,  amongst  those  who  took  an  early  opportunity  to  speak  kindly 
to  the  biographer,  were  IMr.  Jefferson  and  Mr.  Adams.  "  I  have  to 
thank  you"  — says  Mr.  Jefferson,  in  a  letter  of  the  5th  of  January, 
—  "  for  a  copy  of  your  late  work,  which  you  have  been  so  kind  as  to 
send  me,  and  then  to  render  you  double  congratulations  —  first,  on 
the  general  applause  it  has  so  justly  received,  and  next,  on  the  public 
testimony  of  esteem  for  its  author,  manifested  by  your  late  call  to  the 
Executive  Councils  of  the  Nation.  All  this  I  do  most  heartily." 
With  Mr.  Adams  it  furnished  occasion  for  a  correspondence  of  some 
interest,  to  which  we  shall  presently  refer. 

The  more  elaborate  criticisms  of  the  Reviews  were  not  so  indis- 
criminate in  their  praise,  as  the  newspaper  press.  The  notice  of  the 
Sketches  by  the  North  American  Review,  —  the  most  prominent  and 
authoritative,  at  that  time,  of  the  periodicals  of  the  United  States  — 
contained  mingled  commendation  and  censure,  in  which  the  asperity 
of  the  latter  outweighed  the  good-will  of  the  former.  I  will  not  say 
that  a  Boston  Review  might  be  expected  to  deal  severely  with  a  work 
whose  aim  was  to  give  a  conspicuous  eminence  to  the  claims  of  Vir- 
ginia as  the  leader  of  the  Revolution,  but  it  is  quite  natural  to  suppose 
that  the  strenuous  assertion  of  such  claims  would  not  be  permitted  to 
pass  unquestioned  in  such  a  quarter,  nor  be  viewed  without  such  a 
degree  of  sensitiveness  as  would  be  likely  to  provoke  a  jealous  scrutiny 
into  the  merit  of  the  work,  and  some  asperity  in  pronouncing  judgment 
upon  it.  That  this  was  exhibited  in  the  Review  in  question,  I  think 
no  reader  of  it,  at  the  present  day,  would  fail  to  perceive. 

The  Life  of  Henry  was  written  under  such  disadvantages  as  to  give 
many  plausible  grounds  for  this  assault.  We  have  seen,  in  the  course 
of  this  narrative,  how  much  the  author  was  embarrassed  by  the  nature 
of  his  task.  Patrick  Ilenrj',  in  the  public  mind  of  Virginia,  was  a 
heau  ideal  of  all  that  was  marvellous  and  grand  in  an  orator  and  a 
patriot.  His  fame  rested  upon  a  tradition  which  represented  only  a 
great  outline  of  an  intellectual  giant,  touched  with  but  a  few  misty 
shadowings  of  its  proportions.  There  was  really  nothing  tangible  to 
the  historian,  by  which  he  might  draw  an  accurate  picture  of  the  man, 


36  DIFFICULTIES   OF  THE  BIOGRAPHY.  [181S. 

and  bring  his  greatness  to  the  test  of  that  measurement  with  which 
curious  and  reluctant  disputants  of  his  renown  would  be  alone  content. 
There  is  a  remarkable  paucity  of  material  extant  for  his  biography. 
Separating  him  from  the  history  of  the  State  in  which  he  lived,  and 
of  the  time,  —  the  public  affairs  in  which  he  was  called  to  act,  —  all 
that  is  positively  and  distinctively  known  of  him  may  be  told  in  a  few 
pages.  He  was  an  orator,  and  yet  no  perfect  speech  of  his  survives. 
He  was  a  statesman,  with  but  a  limited  record  of  his  public  acts.  He 
was  a  lawyer,  but  far  fi-om  being  skilled  in  the  lore  of  his  profession. 
He  was  a  wise  and  acute  observer  of  mankind,  a  philosopher,  a  deep 
and  original  thinker,  —  yet  not  a  j^aper  has  he  left  behind  him  to 
preserve  the  treasures  of  a  mind  which  teemed  with  instruction  and 
beauty.  The  rich  fruit,  as  it  ripened,  fell  to  earth  ungarnered,  and 
gave  back  its  subtle  essence  to  the  atmosphere  in  which  it  had  been 
engendered  —  posterity  nothing  the  gainer  from  its  prodigal  affluence. 
An  undefined  remembrance  of  great  power,  only,  survived. 

When  Wirt  essayed  the  task  to  gather  up  the  remnants  of  Henry's 
history,  he  had  no  conception  how  small  the  stores  would  prove  to  be 
to  which  he  might  resort;  how  difficult  of  access,  even,  that  scant 
fund  of  information  which  was  extant.  For  twelve  years,  employing 
in  his  pursuit  such  intervals  of  leisure  as  his  profession  afforded,  he 
devoted  himself  with  more  or  less  dili<rence  to  the  collection  of  his 
materials.  We  have  seen,  in  his  letters  during  this  period,  what 
were  his  labours,  his  resources  and  his  disappointments.  The  actual 
literary  workmanship  upon  the  book  might  have  been  easily  accom- 
plished in  ninety  days.  This  repetition  of  ineffectual  search,  this 
long  dwelling  upon  small  incidents,  this  appeal  to  the  memory  of 
survivors,  to  the  aid  of  friends,  and  to  floating  traditions,  gave  an 
inexpressible  weariness  to  his  task,  and  he  was  left,  at  last,  for  the 
delineation  of  the  highest  and  most  attractive  points  in  the  picture  of 
his  hero,  to  the  vague  resources  of  a  popular  memory,  conversant  only 
in  the  exaggerations  which  the  marvel-loving  minds  of  the  people  had 
created  to  invest  their  idol  with  incredible  perfections.  The  author 
of  the  biography  had  no  easy  duty  to  perform,  in  reducing  the  tone 
of  these  pictures  so  as  to  bring  them  within  the  bounds  of  proba- 
bility. He  is  censured  that  he  has  not  always  been  successful  in 
doing  this.     We  may  concede  something  to  the  truth  of  this  charge. 


Chap.  II.]  DIFFICULTIES  OF  THE  BIOGRAPHY.  37 

The  reader  of  the  Sketches  of  Patrick  Henry  will,  doubtless,  find 
more  than  one  occasion  to  remark,  that  the  author  has  not  sufficiently 
■winnowed  the  improbabilities,  not  to  say  the  impossibilities,  of  the 
story  which  has  reached  him  through  the  excited  popular  imagination. 
But  I  think  every  candid  reader  ■will  also  say,  that  Mr.  Wirt  has 
made  out  of  all  these  untoward  materials,  a  most  agreeable,  stimu- 
lating, and  "well-sustained  picture  of  the  life  of  the  most  extraordinary 
man  this  country  has  produced.  The  style  is,  "with  some  few  excep- 
tions, remarkably  pure  and  transparent,  the  narrative  is  clear  and 
unembarrassed,  flowing  so  smoothly  as  to  transport  the  reader,  almost 
unconsciously,  to  the  end  of  the  volume.  It  abounds  in  good 
thoughts,  eloquently  expressed,  and  imparts  lessons  of  wisdom  which 
may  be  profitably  studied  by  young  and  old.  The  concluding  section 
of  the  work  contains  a  beautiful  dissertation  upon  the  characteristics 
of  Henry's  oratory",  which  is  quite  Ciceronian  in  its  style  and  thought, 
and  will  be  admired  as  long  as  this  volume  shall  find  a  reader,  or  a 
scholar  shall  delight  in  vivid  portraitures  of  genius. 

But,  notwithstanding  these  commendations,  the  Life  of  Patrick 
Henry  has  not  added  to  the  fame  of  Wirt.  It  is  even  to  be  regretted 
that  he  undertook  this  task.  As  an  entire  performance,  it  disappoints 
the  reader,  —  not  in  relation  to  Henry,  but  in  relation  to  the  author. 
The  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  by  William  Wirt,  —  of  the  great  orator 
of  Virginia  by  a  kindred  votary  of  the  art,  —  is  an  announcement 
which  prepares  the  reader  to  expect  much  more  than  has  been  per- 
formed. We  make  no'  allowance  for  defective  supplies  of  information, 
for  the  fleeting  life  of  great  speeches  even  on  the  greatest  occasions. 
We  have  heard  something  of  the  marvellous  powers  of  the  gifted 
sage,  in  the  few  anecdotes  which  have  reached  us  of  his  sway  over 
the  hearts  and  minds  of  an  heroic  generation.  We  suppose  these  to 
be  but  some  scattered  scintillations  from  a  great  orb  of  light,  of  which 
the  biographer  is  prepared  to  open  all  its  eftulgcnce.  We  read,  and 
we  discover  that  these  forerunning  anecdotes  are,  in  truth,  all ;  that 
the  magnificent  idol  of  the  temple  is  shrouded  from  view,  by  a  cloud 
which  has  been  penetrated  only  by  these  rare  flashes  of  light  which 
are  but  so  many  unsatisfactory  and  tantalizing  revelations.  We  per- 
ceive and  commiserate  the  sedulous  and  ambitious  labour  of  the 
author  to  compensate  us  for  this  disappointment,  in  the  glowing  excr- 

VoL.  IL— 4 


88  THE  NORTH  AMERICAN  REVIEW.  [1818. 

cise  of  his  own  imagination  to  supply  the  meagreness  of  authentic 
details.  We  cannot  help  feeling  that  the  labour  expended  by  him  in 
this  enterprise  would  have  built  him  up,  on  a  more  auspicious  field, 
a  nobler  monument  of  literary  renown,  with  which  his  name  might 
have  been  fondly  associated  in  generations  to  come. 

The  Reviewer  of  the  North  American  complains,  unreasonably,  of 
the  minuteness  with  which  IMr.  Wirt  dwells  upon  the  history  of  the 
period  in  which  Henry  acted.  A  reconsideration  of  this  topic  would, 
doubtless,  suggest  to  him  the  injustice  of  his  censure.  Henry's 
fame,  —  at  least  all  of  it  that  does  not  specifically  belong  to  the 
triumphs  of  his  eloquence, — is  especially  identified  with  the  influence 
he  exerted  over  the  course  of  public  events  in  Virginia,  and,  to  a 
certain  extent,  in  the  colonies  at  large,  to  which  the  history  given  in 
the  biography  refers.  Henry's  prominence  in  leading  ofi"  upon  the 
road  that  lay  in  the  direction  of  open  rebellion  and  flagrant  war,  when 
the  Stamp  Act  first  alarmed  the  Colonies,  is  one  of  the  brightest 
passages  of  his  history.  His  actual  resort  to  arms  and  the  embodi- 
ment of  troops,  in  the  affair  of  the  seizure  of  the  gunpowder  at 
Williamsburg ;  his  proposal  to  organize  the  militia,  and  his  early  de- 
claration, "  We  must  fight," — furnish  topics  in  the  illustration  of  his 
character,  upon  which  his  biographer  could  not  lay  too  much  stress; 
and  it  certainly  would  have  been  impossible  to  give  to  these  events 
their  proper  value  and  significance,  without  a  history,  somewhat  in 
detail,  of  the  public  transactions  with  which  they  were  connected. 

The  Reviewer,  more  legitimately,  questions  the  accuracy  of  some 
of  Mr.  Wirt's  statements  in  regard  to  the  origin  and  movement  of 
the  Revolution.  Upon  the  authority,  in  part  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  and, 
in  part,  of  what  in  Virginia  was  held  to  be  authentic  history,  it  is 
asserted  in  the  biography,  that  Henry  "  gave  the  first  impulse  to  the 
ball  of  the  Revolution."  This  assertion  was,  perhaps,  too  strongly 
made.  It  is  difficult  to  assign  such  an  exclusive  agency  to  any  one 
man  in  the  Colonies,  during  the  agitation  which  preceded  the  war  of 
the  Revolution,  as  to  entitle  him  to  this  merit.  Henry,  undoubtedly, 
moved  in  advance  of  his  compeers  in  Virginia.  In  looking  to  the 
transactions  of  Massachusetts  at  that  date,  we  are  led  to  remark  how 
closely  he  seems  to  have  followed  in  the  path  of  the  Northern  leaders, 
and  how  intensely  his  sympathies  were  kindled  with  their  spirit.     A 


Chap.  11]  THE    REVIEW.  39 

most  interesting  parallel  may  be  seen  in  the  career  of  James  Otis  and 
Patrick  Henry,  throughout  all  these  movements.  Whether  the  effect 
of  accident,  or  design,  the  one  seemed  to  march  in  the  footsteps  of  the 
other.  It  is  a  curious  coincidence  in  the  history  of  these  two  men, 
that,  in  the  progress  of  the  revolutionary  prelude,  they  should  each 
have  become  conspicuous  for  the  identity  of  their  views  upon  the 
chief  topic  of  agitation ;  for  the  equal  boldness  with  which  these  views 
were  presented;  for  the  resemblance  in  the  occasions  which  called 
forth  each  •  for  the  apprehensions  which  each  inspired ;  and  for  the 
control  which  each  exerted  over  his  associates.  The  parallel  is  sus- 
tained even  to  that  startling  point  in  the  history  of  each,  when  either 
was  cheeked  in  the  Colonial  legislature,  to  which  he  belonged,  by  the 
cry  of  "Treason  I" 

Throughout  this  path,  in  each  movement,  Otis  had  the  advantage 
of  priority  of  date  over  his  comrade.  The  clock  of  the  Revolution 
was  only  set  a  little  forward  in  Massachusetts.  In  Virginia  it  kept 
as  regular  time,  and  struck  with  the  same  precision  the  hours  that 
bore  the  cause  of  freedom  onward,  witnessing  the  same  inevitable  pro- 
gress of  brave  and  wise  men  to  the  consummation  of  their  great  work. 

Mr.  Jefferson  took  occasion,  in  ^^ew  of  the  precedence  of  Otis  in 
these  events,  to  qualify  the  remark  he  had  made  to  Mr.  Wirt.  "  I 
well  recollect  to  have  used  some  such  expression  in  a  letter  to  him," 
• — Mr.  Wirt,  —  he  Avrites  to  Dr.  Waterhouse  on  the  3d  of  oMarch, 
1818, — "and  am  tolerably  certain  that  our  own  State  (Virginia,) 
being  the  subject  under  consideration,  I  must  have  used  it  with 
reference  to  that  only."  He  repeats  this  afterwards  in  a  letter  to 
Mr.  Adams  on  the  17th  of  May  in  the  same  year.  His  authority, 
therefore,  may  be  regarded  as  settling  the  point  of  dispute  which  has 
been  raised  against  the  accuracy  of  3Ir.  Wirt's  narrative  in  this  par- 
ticular. The  point,  however,  is  of  little  importance  either  to  the 
fame  of  the  individuals  or  of  the  States  concerned.  The  merit  of  the 
action  of  both  consists  in  its  adaptation  respectively  to  the  actual  state 
of  affitirs,  the  wise  employment  of  occasion  to  work  for  the  great  end 
proposed: — it  derives  nothing  from  the  time  in  which  it  became 
proper  for  either  to  give  a  hand  to  the  enterprise. 

The  Re^^ewer  has  not  made  out  so  clear  a  case  upon  another  point 
of  objection  to  the  statements  in  the  Sketches.     This  refers  to  the 


40  THE  REVIEW.  [1818. 

Committees  of  Correspondence,  whicli  were  established  in  1773, 
between  the  several  Colonies.  It  will  be  recollected,  from  what  we 
have  had  occasion  to  notice  in  a  former  chapter,  and  which  may  be 
seen  also  in  the  Sketches  of  Henry,  that  the  proposition  to  establish 
the  Committees  was  moved,  in  the  House  of  Burgesses  of  Virginia, 
by  Dabney  Carr.  The  resolutions  were  offered  on  the  12th  of  March, 
1773.     One  of  the  resolutions  is  in  these  words  : 

"  Be  it  resolved,  that  a  Standing  Committee  of  Correspondence  and 
Inquiry  be  appointed,  to  consist  of  eleven  persons,  to  wit :  the  Hon. 
Peyton  Randolph.  Esq.,  Rob't  C.  Nicholas,  Richard  Bland,  Richard 
Henry  Lee,  Benjamin  Harrison,  Edmund  Pendleton,  Patrick  Henry, 
Dudley  Digges,  Dabney  Carr  and  Thomas  Jefferson,  Esquires,  any  six 
of  whom  to  be  a  committee,  whose  business  it  shall  be  to  obtain  the 
most  early  and  authentic  intelligence  of  all  such  acts  and  resolutions 
of  the  British  Parliament,  or  proceedings  of  administration,  as  may 
relate  to  or  affect  the  British  Colonies  in  America;  and  to  keep  up 
and  maintain  a  correspondence  and  communicalion  with  our  sister 
colonies  respecting  those  important  considerations ;  and  the  result  of 
such  their  proceedings,  from  time  to  time,  to  lay  before  this  house." 

In  reference  to  this  proceeding,  it  is  remarked  in  the  biography, 
that  ''  this  house  had  the  merit  of  originating  that  powerful  engine 
of  resistance,  coiTesponding  committees  between  the  Legislatures  of 
the  different  colonies ;"  —  which  remark  is  qualified  by  a  note  which 
affirms,  upon  subsequently  acquired  information,  that,  "  the  State  of 
Massachusetts  is  entitled  to  equal  honour ;  the  measures  were  so  nearly 
coeval  in  the  two  states,  as  to  render  it  impossible  that  either  could 
have  borrowed  it  from  the  other."  To  which  it  is  added,  that  "Mrs. 
Yv^arren,  in  her  very  interesting  history  of  the  revolution,  admits  that 
the  measure  was  original  on  the  part  of  Virginia." 

The  Reviewer  charges  "  this  whole  statement"  with  being  eiToneous. 
"  The  truth  is" — he  adds — "  the  plan  originated  in  Boston,  more  than 
four  months  before  it  was  meditated  in  Virginia.  It  was  devised  by 
Mr.  Samuel  Adams  and  JMr.  James  Warren,  of  Plymouth,  and  the 
first  committee  was  appointed,  on  the  motion  of  Mr.  Adams,  at  a  town 
meeting  held  November  2d,  1772." 

In  the  evidence  which  the  Reviewer  presents  to  sustain  his  objec- 
tion to  the  accuracy  of  Mr.  Wirt's  statement,  he  is  very  far  from  making 


Chap.  II.l 


THE  REVIEW. 


41 


out  his  case.  The  Boston  proceeding  to  which  he  refers,  suggested  a 
committee  of  twenty  members,  who  were  instructed  "  to  state  the  rights 
of  the  colonists,  and  of  this  pro\ance  in  particular,  as  men,  as  chris- 
tians and  as  subjects ;  to  communicate  and  publish  the  same  to  the 
several  towns  in  this  province  and  to  the  world,  as  the  sense  of  this 
town,  with  the  infringements  and  violations  thereof  which  have  been, 
and,  from  time  to  time,  may  be  made ;  also  requesting  of  each  town  a 
free  communication  of  its  sentiments  on  this  subject." 

There  is  nothina;  in  these  instructions  to  the  Boston  committee 
which  will  warrant  the  inference  of  a  purpose  to  establish  and  main- 
tain a  correspondence  amongst  the  colonies.  In  fact,  these  instructions 
seem  to  point  out  no  other  course  of  action  than  that  which  was  already 
in  progress  in  several  of  the  colonies — the  statement,  namely,  of  their 
rights  and  their  grievances,  the  collecting  of  information  as  to  the 
proceedings  of  the  day,  and  the  promulgation  of  the  result  of  their 
labours  by  free  communication.  The  idea  of  interchange  of  opinions, 
in  the  way  of  correspondence  with  the  other  colonies,  is  not  broached 
in  the  instructions.  Nor  was  any  suggestion  made  by  the  committee, 
in  their  report  of  the  19th  of  the  same  month,  when  they  responded 
to  the  duties  assigned  them  in  the  resolutions  of  the  town  meeting. 

The  Virginia  Besolutions  were  not  even,  therefore,  an  extension 
of  the  plan  "adopted  by  the  town  of  Boston  the  year  before,"  as  Dr. 
Holmes  intimates  in  his  Annals  ;* — they  contained  an  original  propo- 
sition to  bring  the  colonies  into  conference,  and  no  doubt,  as  Mr.  Wirt 
remarks,  "led  eventually  to  a  Congress  of  the  colonies." 

The  eflFect  of  the  Virginia  proceedings  is  amply  illustrated,  and,  in 
view  of  the  question  between  the  biographer  and  his  reviewer,  inter- 
preted by  the  next  public  meeting  in  the  town  of  Boston,  which  took 
place  on  the  5th  of  May,  1773.  Certain  resolutions  of  instruction  to 
the  representatives  of  the  town,  adopted  on  that  occasion,f  recommend 
"  to  their  most  serious  consideration,  whether  an  application  to  the 
English  colonies  on  this  continent^  correspondent  to  the  plan  proposed 
by  our  nohle^  patriotic  sister  colony  of  Virginia  (which  in  our  opinion 
is  a  wise  and  salutary  proposal)  will  not  secure  our  threatened  liber- 
ties," &c. 


42 


NOVANGLUS  AND  MAS3ACHUSETTENSIS. 


[1818. 


This  resolution  leaves  but  little  doubt  as  to  the  question  of  the 
origination  of  the  committees  of  correspondence,  and  totally  disarms 
the  displeasure  of  the  reviewer  of  its  point.  We  may  remark  of  this 
question,  as  of  the  former  one,  that  it  scarcely  presents  a  ground  of 
criticism  of  sufficient  importance  to  justify  the  discussion  it  has 
elicited  —  much  less  the  tone  of  reprimand  in  which  it  is  treated ;  for 
whether  the  one  or  the  other  of  these  States  led  the  way  in  this  move- 
ment, there  is  nothing  in  the  history  of  either  to  show  that  each  did 
not  act  precisely  as  the  emergency  required.  Nor  is  it  pretended  that 
the  suggestion  of  the  committees  of  correspondence  by  Mr.  Carr,  was 
not  the  original  and  unprompted  action  of  the  Legislature  of  which 
he  was  a  member. 

It  will  be  thought,  perhaps,  that  I  have  dwelt  upon  this  notice  of 
the  Sketches  of  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  with  more  emphasis  than 
my  subject  required.  The  reader  will  see  the  motive  of  this  disserta- 
tion in  the  correspondence  which  arose,  during  the  present  year  of 
our  narrative,  between  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  John  Adams.  The  appear- 
ance of  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  and  the  correspondence  I  refer  to, 
furnished  occasion  for  the  publication  of  a  most  interesting  volume, 
which,  in  the  year  1819,  was  prepared  for  the  press  under  the  direc- 
tion of  Mr.  Adams.  Its  title  will  explain  its  character  and  contents  : 
"  Novanglus  and  Massachusettensis,  or  Political  Essays,  published  in 
the  years  1774  and  1775,  on  the  principal  points  of  controversy  be- 
tween Great  Britain  and  her  colonies.  The  former  by  John  Adams, 
late  President  of  the  United  States ;  the  latter  by  Jonathan  Sewall, 
then  King's  Attorney-General  of  the  Province  of  Massachusetts  Bay. 
To  which  are  added  a  number  of  letters,  lately  written  by  President 
Adams  to  the  Hon.  William  Tudor." 

The  publication  of  this  volume  furnished  another  opportunity  to 
the  North  American  Review  to  assail  the  accuracy  of  Mr.  Wirt's 
statements,  in  reference  to  the  commencement  of  the  Revolution. 
In  the  notice  which  I  have  already  taken  of  the  review  of  the 
Sketches,  I  have  said  all  that  is  necessary  upon  the  points  in  dispute, 
which  are  repeated  in  this  latter  article,  and  treated  somewhat  more 
in  detail  than  in  the  first. 

The  re-publication  of  Novanglus  and  Massachusettensis,  with  the 
recent  letters  added  to  the  volume,  is  a  most  agreeable  contribution 


CiiAr.  II.]       CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  MR.  ADAMS.  43 

to  the  History  of  the  Revolution ;  and  it  will  always  be  considered  as 
one  of  the  happy  results  of  Mr.  Wirt's  labours  in  the  Life  of  Henry, 
chat  they  have  stimulated  the  elder  sage  of  Quiucy  to  a  task  of  so 
much  edification  and  value  to  the  country.  It  is  not  too  much  to  say 
of  this  rare  volume,  that  no  one  of  the  present  generation,  at  least, 
may  be  considered  to  be  fully  informed  in  the  history  of  American 
Independence  who  has  not  perused  it.  Two  of  the  letters  contained 
in  this  volume  belong  to  the  correspondence  with  Mr.  Wirt,  and 
appropriately  claim  a  place  in  our  pages.  A  third,  not  published  in 
the  work  alluded  to,  will  be  read  with  equal  interest,  as  connected 
with  the  subject  described  in  the  Sketches  : 

JOHN  ADAMS   TO  WILLIAM  WIRT. 

QuixcY,  January  5,  1818. 
Sir: 

Your  Sketches  of  the  Life  of  Mr.  Henry  have  given  me  a  rich 
entertainment.  I  will  not  compare  them  to  the  Sibyl  conducting 
Eneas  to  the  regions  below,  to  see  the  ghosts  of  departed  sages  and 
heroes ;  but  to  an  angel  conveying  me  to  the  abodes  of  the  blessed 
on  high,  to  converse  with  the  spirits  of  just  men  made  perfect.  The 
names  of  Henry,  Lee,  Bland,  Pendleton,  Washington,  Rutledge, 
Wythe,  Dickinson,  &c.,  will  ever  thrill  through  my  veins  with  an 
agreeable  sensation. 

I  am  not  about  to  make  any  critical  remarks  upon  your  work  at 
present  —  but,  sir, 

"  Erant  heroes  ante  Agamemnona  multi."'* 

If  I  could  go  back  to  the  age  of  thirty-five,  I  would  endeavour  to 
become  your  rival,  —  not  in  elegance  of  composition,  but  in  a  simple 
narration  of  facts,  supported  by  records,  histories,  and  testimonies  of 
u-refragable  authority.     I  would  adopt  your  title,  "  Sketches,"  in  all 

*  In  the  copy  of  this  letter  as  printed  in  the  volume  I  have  referred  to, 
Mr.  Adams  made  several  corrections  —  one  especially  upon  this  passage  — 
adding  to  the  line  above  quoted,  as  follows: 

—  "Or,  not  to  garble   Horace  — 

Vixere  fortes  ante  Agamemnona 
Multi:  sed  omnes  illacrimabiles 
Urgentur,  ignotique   longa 
Morte,  carent  quia  vate  sacro." 

I  have  pursued  the  manuscript  in  my  possession,  of  which  a  fac-simile 
may  be  seen  in  the  front  of  this  volume. 


44  CORRESPONDENCE   WITH   MR.   ADAMS.  [1S18. 

its  modesty,  —  Sketches  of  the  Life  and  Writings  of  James  Otis,  of 
Boston,  —  and,  in  imitation  of  your  example,  I  would  introduce  por- 
traits of  a  long  catalogue  of  illusti-ious  men,  \Yho  were  agents  in  the 
Revolution. 

Jeremiah  Gridlcy,  the  father  of  the  bar  in  Boston  and  the  pre- 
ceptor of  Pratt,  Otis,  Thatcher,  Gushing  and  many  others ;  Benjamin 
Pratt,  Chief  Justice  of  New  York,  James  Otis  of  Boston,  Osenbridge 
Thatcher,  Jonathan  Sewall,  Attorney  General  and  Judge  of  Ad- 
miralty, Sanmel  Quincy,  Solicitor  General, — Daniel  Leonard,*  Josiah 
Quincy^f  Richard  Dana,  and  Francis  Dana  —  his  son,  Minister  to 
Russia,  and  afterwards  Chief  Justice,  Jonathan  IMayhew  D.  D., 
Samuel  Cooper  D.  D.,  James  Warren;};  and  Joseph  Warren,  John 
Winthrop,  Professor  at  Harvard  College  and  member  of  Council, 
Samuel  Dexter  the  father,  John  Worthington  of  Springfield,  Joseph 
Hawley  of  Northampton,  Governors  Hutchinson,  Hancock,  Bowdoiu, 
Adams,  Sullivan,  and  Gerry,  Lieutenant  Governor  Oliver,  Chief 
Justice  Oliver,  Judge  Edmund  Trowbridge ;  Judge  William  Gushing, 
and  Timothy  Ruggles  ought  not  to  be  omitted.  The  military  char- 
acters. Ward,  Lincoln,  Warren,  Knox,  Brooks,  and  Heath,  &c.,  must 
come  in,  of  course.  Nor  should  Benjamin  Kent,  Samuel  Swift,  or 
John  Reed,  be  forgotten. § 

I  envy  none  of  the  well-merited  glories  of  Virginia,  or  any  of  her 
sages  or  heroes,  but  I  am  jealous,  very  jealous,  of  the  honour  of 
Massachusetts. 

The  resistance  to  the  ]?ritish  system  for  subjugating  the  colonies, 
began  in  17G0,  and  in  1761,  in  the  month  of  February,  when  James 
Otis  electrified  the  town  of  Boston,  the  Province  of  Massachusetts 
Bay  and  the  whole  continent,  more  than  Patrick  Henry  ever  did  iu 
the  whole  course  of  his  life.  If  we  must  have  panegyric  and  hyper- 
bole, I  must  say  that,  if  Mr.  Henry  was  Demosthenes  and  R.  H.  Lee 
Cicero,  Mr.  Otis  was  Isaiah  and  Ezekiel  imited. 

I  hope,  sir,  that  some  young  gentleman  of  the  family,  the  ancient 
and  honourable  family,  of  the  "  Searchers,"  will  hereafter  do  impartial 
justice  to  Virginia  and  Massachusetts. 

After  all  this  freedom,  I  assure  you  it  is  no  flattery  when  I  con- 
gratulate the  nation  on  the  acquisition  of  an  Attorney  General  of 
such  talents  and  industry  as  your  Sketches  demonstrate. 
With  great  esteem,  I  am,  sir. 

Your  friend, 

John  Adams. 


•  In  the  printed  copy  there  is  added  "now  Chief  Justice  of  Bermuda." 
f  "  The  Boston  Cicero," — added  in  the  printed  letter, 
t  "And  his  wife,"  added. 

§  To  this  list  the  printed  letter  adds  the  names  of  Charles  Chauncey  D.  D., 
James  Love!  of  Boston,  and  Governors  Shirley,  Pownal  and  Bernard. 


CiiAr.  II.] 


ON   THE  BIOGRAPIiy. 


45 


The  wish  so  earnestly  expressed  iu  this  letter,  for  the  faculty  and 
time  to  do  justice  to  the  character  of  Otis,  the  venerable  author 
himself  has  fully  gratified  in  the  letters  appended  to  the  re-publication 
of  Novanglus  and  Massachusettcnsis.  They  are  twenty-eight  in 
number ;  and  present  a  vivid  and  most  interesting  sketch  of  the  part 
taken  by  Mr.  Otis  in  the  great  drama  of  which  he  was  so  conspicuous 
an  actor.  This  has  been  followed  by  a  still  more  complete  and 
finished  work,  from  the  classical  pen  of  Mr.  Tudor,  on  the  same 
subject — and  more  recently  in  a  Life  of  Otis  in  Mr.  Sparks'  American 
Biography. 

TO   JOHN    ADAMS. 

Washington,  January  12,  1818. 
Sir: 

I  am  just  honoured  with  your  letter  of  the  5th  instant,  and  am 
truly  gratified  to  learn  that  my  Sketches  of  ]\Ir.  Henry  have  afforded 
you  entertainment.  If  I  could  have  anticipated  such  an  effect,  I 
would  have  taken  the  liberty  on  the  first  publication  of  the  work,  to 
order  you  a  cop}',  as  a  slight  proof  of  that  sincere  respect,  which,  in 
common  with  my  countrymen,  I  feel  towards  you  as  one  among  the 
chief  of  our  revolutionary  patriots.  Even  yet,  I  hope  it  is  not  too 
late,  in  this  point  of  view,  to  give  the  order,  which  I  will  immediately 
do,  and  to  beg  your  acceptance  of  the  book  in  consideration  of  the 
sentiment  from  which  the  offer  proceeds.  I  have  not  taken  this 
liberty  towards  any  gentleman  to  whom  I  was  personally  unknown, 
because  I  thought  it  would  aro;ue  a  vain  confidence  in  the  merit  of  the 
work,  which,  in  truth,  I  do  not  feel ;  nor  would  I  now  take  it  in 
relation  to  you,  but  for  the  favourable  light  in  which  you  have  been 
pleased  to  speak  of  the  Sketches. 

It  is  possible  that  I  may  have  been  led  by  the  evidence  on  which 
my  narrative  is  founded,  to  assign  Mr.  Ilcnry  too  high  a  rank  in  the 
glory  of  the  American  Revolution  :  but  if  I  have  done  so,  I  can  affirm 
with  the  most  solemn  truth  that  I  have  not  sinned  intentionally ;  and 
there  is  this  consolation,  that  as  I  have  given,  all  along,  the  evidence 
on  which  my  statements  are  founded,  the  error  may  be  easily  corrected 
and  rendered  harmless  by  a  citation  of  the  adverse  proofs  which  show 
it  to  be  error. 

It  was  as  far  from  my  inclination,  I  beg  you  to  be  assured,  as  it 
was  from  the  scope  and  object  of  my  work,  to  institute  an  invidious 
comparison  between  the  States  of  Massachusetts  and  Virginia,  in  the 
revolutionary  contest.  I  had  been  led  by  the  histories  of  the  times 
to  consider  them  as  twin  sisters  in  this  race  of  glory,  and  as  running 
pretty  fairly  abreast  through  the  whole  course  of  it.     I  have  not  the 


46  CORRESPONDENCE  WITH  MR.  ADAMS 


[1818. 


honour  to  boast  of  my  nativity  in  eitlior  of  those  States,  and  therefore 
feel  none  of  that  local,  and  I  will  add,  honourable  pride  and  jealousy 
which  naturally  grow  out  of  our  attachment  to  the  natah  solum  :  but 
if  the  case  were  otherwise,  I  should  deem  a  minute  comparisun  of 
these  states  better  calculated  to  tarnish  the  general  grandeur  of  the 
revolutionary  cause,  than  to  do  honour  to  either  of  them.  Whether 
this  sentiment,  however,  be  right  or  not,  the  single  object  which  I 
had  in  \'iew  was  to  discharge  my  portion  of  that  debt  of  national  gra- 
titude, which  I  thought  justly  due  to  a  great  benefactor  of  his  country, 
to  whose  merits  my  attention  happened  to  be  peculiarly  attracted,  by 
the  circumstance  of  having  settled,  early  in  life,  in  his  native  state — 
in  that  state  which  had  been  the  particular  theatre  of  his  exertions, 
and  in  which  the  echoes  of  his  fame  were  still  resounding  from  every 
quarter,  when  I  first  entered  it  in  the  year  1792. 

Had  my  destiny  led  me  to  commence  my  professional  career  in 
Massachusetts,  the  names  you  mention  (many  of  which  have  been 
long  known  and  revered  by  me)  would  have  been  rendered,  by  the 
same  causes,  as  familiar  to  my  mind  and  as  dear  to  my  affections,  as 
the  name  of  Mr.  Henry  now  is.  As  to  Massachusetts,  no  man,  I 
believe,  can  think  more  highly  than  I  do  of  the  sagacity,  the  intre- 
pidity, the  heroism  which  marked  her  whole  course  throughout  the 
entire  period  of  the  revolutionary  struggle.  It  is  impossible  for  any 
American,  at  this  distance  of  time,  to  read  of  her  suiferings,  of  her 
magnanimity  and  invincible  bravery  in  that  trying  contest,  without  a 
burning  heart  and  overflowing  eyes ;  and  I,  for  one,  do  most  devoutly 
wish  that  some  one  could  be  incited,  by  any  cause,  to  record,  in  im- 
perishable characters,  the  lives  of  her  patriots.  Far  from  considering 
an  act  of  the  most  ample  justice  to  them,  as  detracting,  in  the  smallest 
degree,  from  the  merits  of  Mr.  Henry,  or  of  any  other  champion  of 
the  revolution,  I  should  hail  the  appearance  of  such  a  work  with 
unaffected  gratulation.  The  present  and  future  generations  of  our 
country  can  never  be  better  employed  than  in  studying  the  models  set 
before  them  by  the  fathers  of  our  revolution ;  and  I  cannot  forbear 
the  expression  of  the  hope  that  if  no  one  be  now  disposed  to  give  us 
those  of  Massachusetts,  the  materials  aC*  least  for  such  a  work  may 
now  be  collected  and  preserved  —  certain  that,  with  such  advantage, 
some  pen  of  much  deeper  and  far  more  durable  stroke  than  mine, 
will  hereafter  be  found  to  hand  down  the  lives  and  characters  of  the 
illustrious  men  of  Massachusetts  to  the  admiration  and  gratitude  of 
posterity. 

I  pray  you  to  accept  my  thanks  for  the  very  obliging  terms  in  which 
you  have  been  pleased  to  speak  of  my  appointment,  and  to  believe 
me,  with  profound  respect, 

Your  obedient  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

John  Adams,  Esq.,  Quincy,  Massachusetts. 


Chap.  II.] 


ON  THE  BIOGRAFHY. 


47 


JOHN    ADAMS   TO   WM.    WIRT. 

QuiNCY,  January  23, 1818. 
Sir 

I  thank  you  for  your  kind  letter  of  the  12th  of  this  month.  As  I 
esteem  the  character  of  Mr.  Henry  an  honour  to  our  country,  and 
your  volume  a  masterly  delineation  of  it,  I  gave  orders  to  purchase  it 
as  soon  as  I  heard  of  it ;  but  was  told  it  was  not  to  be  had  in  Boston. 
I  have  seen  it  only,  by  great  favour,  on  loan.  A  copy  by  the  author 
would  be  esteemed  worth  many  by  purchase.  It  may  be  sent  me  by 
the  mail. 

From  a  personal  acquaintance,  perhaps  I  might  say,  a  friendship 
with  jVIr.  Henry,  and  from  all  I  have  heard  or  read  of  him  fjr  more 
than  forty  years,  I  have  always  considered  him  as  a  gentleman  o( 
deep  reflection,  keen  sagacity,  clear  foresight,  daring  enterprise,  in- 
flexible intrepidity  and  untainted  integrity;  with  an  ardent  zeal  for 
the  liberties,  the  honour  and  felicity  of  his  country  and  species.  All 
this  you  (justly,  as  I  believe,)  represent  him  to  have  been.  There 
are,  however,  some  remarks  to  be  made  upon  your  work,  which,  if  I 
had  eyes  and  hands,  I  would,  in  the  spirit  of  friendship,  attempt.  But 
my  hands,  eyes  and  life  are  but  for  a  moment. 

When  Congress  had  finished  their  business,  as  they  thought,  in 
the  autunm  of  1774,  I  had,  with  Mr.  Henry,  before  we  took  leave 
of  each  other,  some  familiar  conversation,  in  which  I  expressed  a  full 
conviction  that  all  our  resolves,  declarations  of  rights,  enumeration 
of  wrongs,  petitions  and  remonstrances  and  addresses,  associations 
and  non-importation  agreements,  though  they  might  be  expected  by 
the  people  of  America,  and  necessary  to  cement  their  union,  would 
be  but  waste  paper  in  England.  He  thought  they  might  be  of  some 
use  among  the  people  of  England,  but  would  be  totally  lost  upon  the 
government.  I  had  just  received  a  hasty  letter,  written  to  me  by 
Major  Joseph  Hawley,  of  Northampton,  containing  "  a  few  broken 
hints,"  as  he  called  them,  of  what  was  proper  to  be  done,  and  con- 
cluding with  these  words  —  "  After  all,  we  must  fight." 

This  letter  I  read  to  Mr.  Henry,  who  listened  to  it  with  great  atten- 
tion, and  as  soon  as  I  pronounced  the  words,  —  "  after  all,  we  must 
fight," — he  erected  his  head,  and,  with  an  energy  and  vehemence 
that  I  can  never  forget,  broke  out  with  —  "  By  G — ,  1  am  of  that 
marCs  7nind  !"  I  put  the  letter  into  his  hand,  and  when  he  had 
read  it  he  returned  it  to  me,  with  an  equally  solemn  asseveration  that 
he  agreed  entirely  in  opinion  with  the  writer.  I  considered  this  to 
be  a  sacred  oath  upon  a  very  great  occasion.  I  could  have  sworn  it 
as  religiously  as  he  did.  It  was  no  contradiction  to  what  you  say  in 
some  part  of  your  book, — that  he  never  took  the  name  of  God  in  vain. 
As  I  know  the  sentiments  with  which  Mr.  Henry  left  Congress  ia 


48  CORRESrONDENCE  WITH  MR.  ADAMS  [1818. 

November,  1774,  and  knew  the  chapter  and  verse  from  which  he  had 
borrowed  the  sublime  phrase,  "we  must  fight,"  I  was  not  at  all  sur- 
prised at  your  history  in  the  122d  page,  in  the  note  and  some  of  the 
preceding  and  following  pages.  Mr.  Henry  only  pursued  in  March, 
1775,  the  views  and  vows  of  November,  1774. 

The  other  delegates  from  Virginia  returned  to  their  state  in  full 
confidence  that  all  our  grievances  would  be  redressed.  The  last 
words  which  R.  H.  Lee  said  to  me,  when  we  parted,  were  —  "We 
shall,  infallibly,  carry  all  our  points.  You  will  be  completely  re- 
lieved. All  the  offensive  acts  will  be  repealed.  The  army  and  fleet 
will  be  recalled,  and  Britain  will  give  up  her  foolish  project." 

Washington,  only,  was  in  doubt.  He  never  spoke  in  public.  In 
private,  he  advocated  a  non-exportation  as  well  as  a  non-importation 
agreement.  With  both,  he  thought,  we  should  prevail :  without 
either,  he  thought  it  doubtful.  Henry  was  clear  in  one  opinion; 
Lee  in  an  opposite  opinion ;  and  Washington  doubted  between  them. 

Oratory  will  always  command  admiration.  But  it  deserves  no 
great  veneration.  It  consists  in  grace  of  attitude  and  motion,  intona- 
tions of  the  voice  and  expressions  of  the  countenance.  Could  Demos- 
thenes comprehend  these  three  things  in  his  "action?" 

To  speak  of  American  orators,  ancient  or  modern,  would  lead  me 
too  far,  and,  indeed,  out  of  my  depth.  I  must  conclude,  with  fresh 
assurances  of  the  high  esteem  of 

Your  humble  servant, 

John  Adams. 

JOHN    ADAMS    TO    WILLIAM    WIRT. 

QuiNCY,  March  7,  1818. 
Dear  Sir  : 

Be  pleased  to  accept  my  cordial  thanks  for  the  present  of  an  elegant 
copy  of  your  Sketches  of  Mr.  Henry.  I  know  not  whether  I  shall 
ever  have  time  to  make  you  any  other  return  than  thanks.  But,  as 
I  see  you  wish  to  investigate  the  sources  of  the  American  llevolution, 
if  you  will  give  me  leave,  I  will  give  you  such  hints  as  my  memory 
affords,  to  assist  you. 

In  17G4,  was  published  in  Boston,  a  pretty  little  pamphlet — "The 
Sentiments  of  a  British  American,"  —  the  motto  of  which  ought  to 
have  warned  Great  Britain  to  desist  from  her  tyrannical  system  of 
taxation : 

Asellum  in  prato  tiiuidiis*  pascebat  senex. 
Is  lK)^tiuln  clainore  subito  tevritus, 
Suadebat  asiuo  fugere,  ne  possentj  capi. 

•  Some  of  tlie  editions  liave  "  quidem"  instead  of  "  timidus." 
■j-  "  Posset'  in  some  editions. 


Chap.  IL]  ON   THE   BIOGRAPHY.  49 

At  ille  lentils:  qurpso  num  binas  mihi 
Clitellas  impositurum  victoreni  piitas? 
Senex  negavit.  Ergo,  quid  lefert  mea 
Cui  serviain  ?     Clitellas  diiin  portein  iiieas! 

Ph(edrus. 

Considering  "  An  Act  for  granting  certain  Duties  in  the  British 
Colonies  and  Plantations  in  America,"  of  the  4  Geo.  3,  he  says: 
"  The  first  objection  is  that  a  tax  is  laid  on  several  commodities  to  be 
raised  and  levied  in  the  plantations,  and  to  be  remitted  home  to 
England.  This  is  esteemed  as  a  grievance,  inasmuch  as  they  are  laid 
without  the  consent  of  the  representatives  of  the  colonists.  It  is 
esteemed  as  an  essential  British  right,  that  no  person  shall  be  subject 
to  any  tax  but  what,  in  person  or  by  his  representative,  he  has  a  voice 
in  laying." 

I  am  indebted  to  you,  sir,  for  the  re-perusal  of  this  pretty  little 
thing.  I  had  never  seen  it  for  fifty-four  years,  and  should  never  have 
seen  it  again ;  but  your  book  has  excited  me,  having  no  copy  of  it, 
to  borrow  it,  as  a  great  favour,  for  a  short  time.  It  was  written  by 
Oxenbridge  Thatcher,  a  barrister  at  law,  in  Boston. 

There  is  so  much  resemblance  between  this  pamphlet  and  jMr.  Jay's 
address  to  the  people  of  England,  written  ten  years  afterwards,  that, 
as  Johnson  said  of  his  Rasselas  and  Voltaire's  Candide,  one  might 
be  siispected  to  have  given  birth  to  the  other. — ^lajora  canamus. 

In  1764,  was  published  in  Boston,  "  The  Rights  of  the  British 
Colonies  asserted  and  proved,"  by  James  Otis,  Esq.  This  work  was 
read  in  the  House  of  Representatives  of  Massachusetts,  in  manuscript, 
in  1764,  and,  though  not  ordered  by  them  to  be  published,  it  wtis 
printed  with  their  knowledge. 

In  it,  these  propositions  are  asserted  as  fundamental. 

"  1.  That  the  supreme  and  subordinate  powers  of  legislation  should 
be  free  and  sacred  in  the  hands  where  the  community  have  once 
rightfully  placed  them. 

"  2.  The  supreme  national  legislature  cannot  be  altered  justly  'till 
the  commonwealth  is  dissolved ;  nor  a  subordinate  legislature  taken 
away  witliout  forfviiture  or  other  good  cause.  Nor  can  the  subjects  in 
the  subordinate  government  be  reduced  to  a  state  of  slavery  and 
subject  to  the  despotic  rule  of  others. 

"  -3.  No  legislature,  supreme  or  subordinate,  has  a  right  to  make 
itself  arbitrary. 

"  4.  The  supreme  legislature  cannot  justly  assume  a  power  of  ruling 
by  extempore  arbitrary  decrees,  but  is  bound  to  dispense  justice  by 
known  settled  rules,  and  by  dul}^  authorized  indcpeudeut  judges. 

"  5.  The  supreme  power  cannot  take  from  any  man  any  part  of 
his  property,  without  his  consent  in  person  or  by  his  representatives. 

"  6.  The  legislature  cannot  transfer  the  power  of  making  laws  to 
any  other  hands. 

Vol.  II.  —  5  d 


50 


CORRESPONDENCE   WITH   MR.  ADAMS. 


[1818. 


"These  are  the  hounds  which  hy  God  and  nature  are  fixed; 
hitherto  have  they  a  right  to  come,  and  no  further : 

"1.  To  govern  by  stated  laws. 

"2.  Those  laws  should  have  no  end,  ultimately,  but  the  good  of 
the  people. 

"  3.  That  taxes  are  not  to  he  laid  on  the  people  but  hy  their  con- 
sent or  hy  deputation. 

"  4.  Their  whole  power  is  not  transferable. 

"  These  are  the  first  principles  of  law  and  justice  and  the  great 
barriers  of  a  free  State,  and  of  the  British  Constitution  in  particular. 
I  ask,  I  want  no  more." 

This  work,  which  in  1764  was  as  fiimiliar  to  me  as  my  alphabet,  I 
had  not  seen  for  fifty-four  years,  and  should  never  have  seen  it  again 
if  your  Sketches,  for  which  I  again  thank  you,  had  not  aroused  me. 
With  some  pains,  and  as  a  great  favour,  I  have  obtained  the  loan  of 
it  for  a  short  time.  In  page  73,  is  an  elaborate  and  learned  demon- 
stration that  all  acts  of  Parliament  laying  taxes  on  the  Colonies,  with- 
out their  consent,  are  void. 

In  an  appendix  to  this  work  is  a  copy  of  instructions  given  by  the 
City  of  Boston,  at  their  annual  meeting  in  May  1764,  to  their  repre- 
sentatives, Royal  Tyler,  James  Otis,  Thomas  Cushing,  and  Oxen- 
bridge  Thatcher,  Escps.  These  instructions  were  drawn  by  Samuel 
Adams,  who  was  one  of  the  Committee  appointed  by  the  town  for 
that  purpose. 

These  instructions  are  a  sample  of  that  simplicity,  purity  and  har- 
mony of  style  which  distinguished  all  the  productions  of  Mr.  Adams' 
pen.  I  wish  I  could  transcribe  the  whole  ; — but  the  paragraph  most 
directly  to  the  present  purpose  is  the  following : 

"  But  what  still  heightens  our  apprehensions  is,  that  these  unex- 
pected proceedings  may  be  preparatory  to  new  taxations  upon  us. 
For,  if  our  trade  may  be  taxed,  why  not  our  lands  ?  Why  not  the 
produce  of  our  lands,  and  everything  we  possess  and  make  use  of? 
This,  we  apprehend,  annihilates  our  charter  right  to  govern  and  tax 
ourselves.  It  strikes  at  our  British  privileges,  which,  as  we  have 
never  forfeited  them,  we  hold  in  common  with  our  fellow-subjects 
who  are  natives  of  Britain.  If  taxes  are  laid  upon  us  in  every  shape, 
without  our  having  a  legal  representation  where  they  are  laid,  are  we 
not  i-educed  from  the  character  of  free  subjects  to  the  miserable  state 
of  tributary  slaves  ?" 

This  whole  work  was  published  more  than  a  year  before  Mr.  Henry's 
resolutions  were  moved. 

Excuse  the  trouble  I  give  you,  and  believe  me  to  be,  sir, 
Your  obliged  friend, 

and  humble  servant, 


Wir.i.iAM  Wirt,  Attorney-General  of 
the  United  States,  Wasliington. 


John  Adams. 


Chap.  IL]  JOHN  ADAMS'  LETTER.  51 

While  Mr.  Adums  tlius  earnestly  controverts  some  of  the  grounds 
taken  in  favour  of  Patrick  Henry  by  the  author  of  the  Sketches,  he 
gives  flattering  and  weighty  testimony  to  the  merits  of  the  work. 
That  his  opinion  so  favourably  expressed  in  this  correspondence  has 
not  been  dictated  by  a  sentiment  merely  of  courtesy  to  the  author, 
■we  have  manifold  evidence  in  the  letters  written  to  others,  and  ap- 
pended to  the  essays  of  Novauglus  and  ^Massachusettensis.  In  one 
of  these,  to  Mr.  Tudor,  he  says,  "  Your  judgment  of  Mr.  Wirt's 
biography  of  my  friend  Mr.  Henry,  is  in  exact  unison  with  my  own. 
I  have  read  it  with  more  delight  than  Scott's  Romances  in  verse  and 
prose,  or  Miss  Porter's  Scottish  Chiefs  and  other  novels."  Yet  it  is 
amusing  to  see,  amidst  the  many  proofs  which  these  letters  supply  of 
kind  feeling  towards  the  author  of  the  Sketches,  how  suddenly  the 
flash  of  an  ancient  memory  kindles  the  ardour  of  the  veteran  patriot 
in  the  defence  of  his  compeers ;  and  with  what  jealousy  he  maintains 
their  claims.  "Is  it  not  an  aifront,"  —  he  says  in  another  letter, — 
"  to  common  sense,  an  insult  to  truth,  virtue  and  patriotism,  to  repre- 
sent Patrick  Henry, — though  he  was  my  friend  as  much  as  Otis, — as 
the  father  of  the  American  Revolution,  and  the  founder  of  American 
independence  ?  The  gentleman  who  has  done  this,  sincerely  believed 
what  he  wrote,  I  doubt  not;  but  he  ought  to  be  made  sensible  that 
he  is  of  yesterday,  and  knows  nothing  of  the  real  origin  of  the  Ame- 
rican Revolution."  The  spirit,  energy,  and  industry  which  these  letters 
manifest,  and  especially  the  frequent  coruscations  which  break  forth 
from  the  depth  of  the  writer's  heart,  when  his  theme  seems  to  have 
fired  some  train  of  ancient  sympathies,  show  us  very  pleasantly  that 
the  frost  of  eighty-two  winters  had  not  subdued,  nor  even  chilled,  the 
enthusiasm  which  took  its  first  heat  from  the  furnace  of  the  Revolu- 
tion. They  show  us,  too,  the  characteristic  temperament  of  his  race 
and  lineage,  somewhat  famous  in  the  annals  of  that  Puritan  chivalry, 
which,  for  doughty  exploit  and  headstrong  perseverance,  puts  all  other 
chivalry  into  the  shade. 


CHAPTER    III. 

1818. 

APPOINTMENT  TO  THE  POST  OF  ATTORNEY-GENERAL  OF  THE  UNITED 

STATES.  —  MOTIVES    FOR    ACCEPTING    IT. REMOVAL    OF    HIS 

RESIDENCE  TO  WASHINGTON. POLITICAL  AND  PERSONAL  ASSO- 
CIATIONS  OF   THE   CABINET. MR.  MONROe's  ADMINISTRATION. 

REPOSE  OF  PARTY  SPIRIT. DUTIES  OF  THE  ATTORNEY-GENE- 
RAL.  REFORMS  IN  THE   OFFICE. LETTER   TO    THE    CHAIRMAN 

OF   THE   JUDICIARY   COMMITTEE. 

Mr.  Wirt's  appointment  to  the  post  of  Attorney-General  of  the 
United  States  was  made  in  the  recess  of  Congress,  on  the  13th  of 
November,  1817.  The  nomination  was  sent  to  the  Senate  and  con- 
fii-med  on  the  15th  of  the  following  December.  Early  in  January, 
after  this  event,  he  repaired  to  Washington  to  enter  upon  the  duties 
of  his  office. 

His  reluctance  to  embark  in  public  life,  which  we  have  seen  so 
frequently  expressed  in  his  letters,  was  an  unaffected  and  matured 
sentiment.  He  coveted  no  political  honours.  His  thoughts  were 
turned  towards  a  life  which  was  to  derive  its  pleasures  from  the 
domestic  circle,  and  its  fame  from  private  pursuits.  His  ambition 
was  to  earn  affluence  and  leisure  from  the  diligent  practice  of  his 
profession;  and  renown  fi-om  the  dedication  of  these  to  literary 
employments.  He  had  consequently  repelled  every  attempt  hereto- 
fore, to  bring  him  upon  the  political  stage.  In  1813,  when  a  rumour 
prevailed  that  Mr.  Giles,  who  was  then  one  of  the  senators  of  Virginia 
in  Congress,  had  it  in  contemplation  to  resign  his  seat,  a  general  wish 
was  expressed  that  Wirt  would  accept  the  appointment  to  the  expected 
vacancy.  The  expression  of  this  wish  was  equally  rife  when  Mr. 
Giles  did  resign,  in  1815.  On  both  occasions,  Mr.  Wirt  discounten- 
anced all  expectations  on  this  point,  by  the  refusal  to  allow  his  name 
to  be  presented  to  the  Legislature  for  the  vacancy.* 

*  It  appears  that,  in  January,  1815,  when  the  Virginia  Legislature  found 
itself  obliged  to  elect  a  senator  to  fill  the  vacancy  occasioned  by  the  death 
of  Richard  Brent,  Mr.  Wirt's  friends  put  him  in  nomination,  in  competitioa 

(52) 


Chap.  III.]  THE  ATTORNEY-GENERAL.  53 

The  acceptance  by  Mr.  Rusli  of  the  mission  to  Enghmd,  unexpect- 
edly opened  to  Mr.  Wirt  the  appointment  to  the  attorney-generalship 
He  was  summoned  to  this  post  under  circumstances  that  almost  for- 
bade a  denial.  The  President,  Mr.  Monroe,  had  many  claims  upon 
him.  He  had  been  his  eai'ly  friend  and  patron,  at  a  period  when  he 
stood  in  need  of  such  a  relation ;  he  had  the  highest  confidence  in 
AVirt's  ability,  and  a  most  cordial  esteem  for  his  private  worth  and 
personal  qualities.  There  was  something  more,  therefore,  in  this 
summons  to  a  post  in  the  cabinet  than  the  ordinary  and  appropriate 
dischai-ge  of  an  official  function.  It  implied,  also,  an  appeal  to  a 
friend  for  the  indulgence  of  a  personal  gratification,  by  which  the 
toils  of  public  administration  were  to  be  lightened  of  some  portion  of 
their  irksomencss,  and  cheered  by  the  communion  of  an  intimate  and 
cherished  companion. 

Wirt  did  not  hesitate  to  accept.  The  post  he  was  about  to  fill 
had  as  much  of  a  professional  as  of  a  political  character.  The  accept- 
ance of  it  so  far  coincided  with  his  plan  of  life,  that  it  facilitated  his 
purpose  of  practising  in  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States, 
and  thus  gave  him  a  more  commanding  access  to  that  theatre  which 
he  had  already  chosen  as  the  most  desu-able  field  for  the  employment 
of  his  talents. 

The  Attorney-General,  until  within  a  few  years  pre\ious  to  this 
date,  had  not  been  so  closely  associated  with  the  Cabinet  as  he  has 
been  since.  He  had  not,  even,  been  required  to  reside  at  the  seat 
of  government ;  and  was  regarded  more  distinctly  as  a  mere  adviser 
on  legal  questions  arising  in  the  course  of  administration,  than  as  a 
cabinet  councillor,  charged  with  the  duties  of  consultation  in  matters 
of  general  concern.  He  was,  therefore,  left  at  liberty  to  pursue  his 
practice  wherever  he  found  it  most  convenient,  limited  only  in  his 
choice,  in  this  particular,  by  the  exigency  of  his  duties  to  the  govern- 
ment.    Mr.  Pinkney,  in  fact,  resided  altogether  in  Baltimore  during 

with  that  of  Governor  Barbour,  and  that  the  vote  which  resulted  in  the 
choice  of  Governor  Barbour  was  a  very  close  one.  I  presume  that  this 
nomination  was  made  without  Mr.  Wirt's  consent,  and,  most  probably, 
without  liis  knowledge:  that,  if  he  had  been  elected,  he  would  have  de- 
clined the  appointment.  I  infer  this  not  only  from  the  ^'eneral  tenor  of  his 
letters,  but  from  his  known  refusal  to  be  a  candidate  upon  the  resignation 
of  Mr.  Giles,  which  took  place  in  the  same  year  as  the  above-mentioned 
2)roceeding. 

5* 


54 


ASSOCIATIONS  OF  THE  CABINET. 


[1818. 


the  short  period  of  his  incumbency,  and  maintained  his  post  almost 
without  interruption  to  his  private  engagements  at  the  bar. 

In  the  first  year  of  Mr.  Madison's  second  term,  this  question  of 
residence  attracted  the  attention  of  government.  Upon  the  suggestion 
of  the  President  himself,  it  is  said,  Congress  passed  an  act  which 
required  the  Attorney  General,  from  that  time,  to  reside  in  Wash- 
ington.* This  led  to  his  complete  identification  with  the  Cabinet, 
gave  him  a  more  distinct  political  character,  and  rendered  him,  in 
equal  degree  with  his  colleagues,  responsible  for  the  counsels  of  the 
administration.  He  was  still,  however,  left  in  the  full  enjoyment  of 
every  privilege  belonging  to  his  professional  position  not  incompatible 
with  the  restrictions  as  to  residence.  His  relation  to  the  Supreme 
Court,  as  the  law  officer  of  the  government,  could  not  be  otherwise 
than  a  most  eifective  auxiliary  to  his  professional  advancement,  which, 
indeed,  would  be  scarcely  less  promoted  by  the  influence  attached  to 
his  political  connection  with  the  administration.  In  every  point  of 
view,  therefore,  the  preferment  to  this  post  obviously  presented  to 
IMr.  Wirt  a  most  desirable  opportunity  for  the  gratification  of  his 
ambition  in  that  career  to  which  he  had  devoted  his  studies  and  his 
hopes. 

The  Cabinet,  at  the  period  when  he  became  associated  with  it,  was 
composed  of  gentlemen  eminent  for  their  position  at  the  head  of  what 
was  then  called  the  Democratic  party.  Mr.  John  Quincy  Adams 
held  the  post  of  Secretary  of  State,  Mr.  Crawford  was  at  the  head 
of  the  Treasury,  IMr.  Calhoun  of  the  War  Department,  IMr.  Crownin- 
shield,  of  the  Navy,  which  post  he  resigned  in  a  few  months  after 
this  date,  and  was  succeeded  in  it  by  IMr.  Smith  Thompson  of  New 
York.  The  Post  Office  was  in  the  hands  of  Mr.  Meigs  until  the  last 
year  of  Mr.  Monroe's  second  term,  when  it  was  consigned  to  Mr. 
John  IMcLean  of  Ohio,  now  a  Judge  of  the  Supreme  Court. 

With  these  gentlemen,  the  Attorney-General  maintained  an  official 
and  private  association,  throughout  the  two  presidential  terms  of  Mr. 

*  The  passage  of  this  act,  there  is  reason  to  believe,  caused  the  resigna- 
tion of  Mr.  Pinkney,  in  1814.  Enjoying  a  large  and  profitable  practice  in 
Baltimore,  as  well  as  in  the  Supreme  Court  at  Washington,  and  a  profes- 
sional reputation  to  which  no  official  position  could  give  additional  renown, 
he  prudently  declined  a  sacrilice  of  these  substantial  advantages  for  the 
less  comfortable  honour  of  public  station. 


CHAr.  III.]  REPOSE   OF   PARTY   SPIRIT.  55 

Monroe's  service ;  an  association  wliicli  was  distinguished,  not  less  by 
the  personal  gratifications  which  flowed  from  the  communion  of  highly 
cultivated  minds,  congenial  in  their  pursuits  and  influenced  by  mutual 
sentiments  of  the  kindest  regard,  than  by  their  harmonious  political 
action,  of  which  the  effects  were  seen  in  the  increasing  prosperity  of 
the  country  and  the  universal  confidence  of  the  people.     The  admin- 
istration of  JMr.  jMonroe  has  been  noted  for  the  happy  auspices  under 
which  it  was  begun  and  conducted  to  its  close.     The  political  strife 
which  had  embittered  the  temper  of  the  two  great  parties  of  the 
Union,  through  a  career  of  incessant  and  exasperated  contests  for  six- 
teen years,  had  now  subsided.     Each  party  had,  by  common  consent, 
sought  a  breathing  space,  <'  for  frighted  peace  to  pant,"  and,  in  a  calm 
survey  of  the  field  of  contention,  had  found, — what  angry  disputants 
will  generally  find,  when  they  grow  cool  enough  to  investigate, — that 
toleration  and  mutual  forbearance  in  opinion  better  speed  a  good  cause, 
than  blows  or  scolding  words.     In  this  abandonment  of  strife,  so 
happily  characteristic  of  the  era  of  which  we  speak,  the  nation  came 
to  a  sober  and  just  estimate  of  its  duty,  and  yielded  a  cordial  support 
to  the  administration.     All  men  exulted  in  this  peace  ;  and  those  at 
the  head  of  affairs  enjoyed  the  rare  good  fortune  of  witnessing  an 
honest  and  patriotic  appreciation  by  the  people,  of  their  own  honest 
and  patriotic  endeavours  to  advance  the  public  welfore.     Party  spirit 
had  in  a  great  degree  disappeared ;  faction  was  disarmed ;  no  venal 
press  was  subsidized  to  conceal  truth  or  stamp  a  fair  seeming  upon 
falsehood.     Demagogues,  the  curse  of  free   government,  found  no 
mart  wherein  to  ply  their  seditious  trade.     So   profound  was  this 
peace,  so  beneficent  the  spirit  of  the  time,  that,  in  1821,  Mr.  Monroe 
was  elected  to  a  second  term  without  an  opponent  in  the  field. 

Such  were  the  fortunate  conditions  which  attended  the  entrance  of 
the  Attorney-General  upon  the  theatre  of  public  life. 

Mr.  Wirt's  varied  attainments,  professional  skill  and  enlarged  ex- 
perience were  now  to  be  brought  to  the  observation  of  the  whole 
country.  They  were  to  be  submitted  to  that  ordeal  of  public  judg- 
ment, which  seldom  errs  on  the  side  of  leniency  towards  its  object, 
and  not  less  rarely  stamps  its  approbation  upon  a  spurious  fiinic.  If 
an  exception  to  this  reluctance  of  commendation  be  sometimes  found 
in  the  history  of  men,  who  have  come  to  renown  by  those  qualities 


56 


DUTIES  OF  THE  ATTORNEY-GENERAL. 


[1818. 


and  accidents  which  captivate  the  popular  fancy  in  the  blaze  of  a 
sudden  glory,  or  by  their  relation  to  some  exciting  topic  of  admiration 
or  prevailing  taste,  it  is,  we  may  say,  never  found  in  the  history  of 
those  who  have  built  a  solid  reputation  upon  the  labour  of  intellect, 
and  earned  a  title  to  be  remembered  in  the  silent  and  lonely  vigils  of 
persevering  study. 

The  office  of  the  Attorney-General  has  nothing  to  commend  it  to 
the  fancy  of  an  indolent  man.  The  organization  of  the  government 
does  not  present  a  post  which  requires  from  him  who  faithfully  dis- 
charges its  duties,  more  systematic  diligence,  more  daily  and  nightly 
toil,  self-possession,  equanimity,  or  more  uninteiTupted  health.  The 
summary  of  these  duties  is  expressed  in  the  law  which  established 
the  office,  "  to  prosecute  and  conduct  all  suits  in  the  Supreme  Court, 
in  which  the  United  States  are  concerned,  and  to  give  advice  and 
opinions  upon  questions  of  law  wh«n  required  by  the  President,  or 
when  requested  by  the  heads  of  any  of  the  departments,  touching 
matters  that  may  concern  their  departments." 

In  the  discourse  pronounced  by  Mr.  Southard,  on  the  occasion  of 
the  death  of  Mr.  Wirt,*  he  spoke  of  the  duties  of  the,  Attorney- 
General  in  the  following  terms :  —  "  There  is  a  peculiarity  in  the 
responsibility  of  this  officer,  which  requires  the  exercise  of  more  than 
common  care  in  his  selection.  He  does  not  deal  with  the  ordinary 
routine  of  business  which  inferior  intelligence  and  system  can  manage; 
but  when  doubts  and  difficulties  intervene  upon  the  powers  conferred 
by  law,  or  the  rights  intended  to  be  secured,  the  appeal  is  made  to 
him.  His  labours  are  always  connected  with  perplexing  subjects; 
and  his  opinions,  as  well  as  his  arguments  in  court,  relate  to  every 
variety  of  Cjuestions  which  can  arise  under  our  institutions,  or  from 
our  connection  with  the  commerce  and  governments  of  the  world. 
His  opinions,  too,  are  official;  not  merely  persuasive  upon  the  judg- 
ment of  other  officers,  but,  so  far  as  the  construction  of  the  law  is 
concerned,  regarded  as  binding;  and  if  en-or  be  committed,  the  respon- 
sibility is,  in  a  great  degree,  taken  from  them  and  cast  upon  him, — 


*  "A  discourse  on  the  Professional  Character  and  Virtues  of  the  late 
William  Wirt,  delivered  in  tlie  Hall  of  the  House  of  Representatives, 
March  18,  1834,  by  Samuel  L.  Southard." 


Chap.  III.] 


REFORMS  IN  THE  OFFICE. 


57 


a  responsibility  by  no  means  liglit  to  a  sensitive  and  well-organized 

mind." 

This  is  the  remark  of  one  who,  himself  a  member  of  the  cabinet 
and  a  colleague  of  Mr.  Wirt  during  the  adniinistration  of  Mr.  iVdams, 
had  ample  opportunity  to  witness  the  labours  of  his  friend,  and  to 
become  practically  acquainted  with  the  delicate  and  responsible  duties 
of  the  office. 

We  may  form  some  estimate  of  the  nature  and  extent  of  these 
labours,  from  the  record  of  them  which  is  preserved  by  the  govern- 
ment, and  which  was  published  by  the  order  of  the  House  of  Repre- 
sentatives of  the  Twenty-sixth  Congress,  as  one  of  the  documents  of 
its  second  session.*  This  printed  record  of  the  opinions  of  the 
Attorneys-General  engrosses  a  volume  of  nearly  fifteen  hundred  pages, 
of  which  more  than  five  hundred  are  appropriated  to  those  of  jMr. 
Wirt.  ''They  all,"  says  Mr.  Southard,  speaking  of  these  opinions 
of  Mr.  Wirt,  "  relate  to  matters  of  importance  in  the  construction  of 
the  laws;  many  of  them  to  the  most  difficult  and  interesting  subjects 
of  municipal  and  constitutional  law,  as  well  as  the  law  of  nations, 
which  occurred  during  three  presidential  terms.  They  will  prevent 
much  uncertainty  in  that  ofiice  hereafter,  afford  one  of  the  best  collec- 
tions of  materials  for  writing  the  legal  and  constitutional  history  of 
our  country,  and  remain  a  proud  monument  of  his  industry,  learning 
and  talents." 

I  have  already  said  that  Wirt  introduced  some  improvements  into 
the  mode  of  conducting  the  business  of  this  office.  We  owe  to  him 
this  record  of  the  opinions  of  the  Attorney-General,  which  is  now 
duly  preserved,  and  by  which  a  very  ob\aous  uniformity  and  consist- 
ency of  decision  in  the  construction  of  laws  are  maintained. 

Within  a  short  time  after  Wirt's  induction  into  this  office,  he 
addressed  a  letter  to  the  Chairman  of  the  Judiciary  Committee  of  the 
House  of  Representatives,  calling  the  attention  of  that  Committee  to 
the  very  defective  organization  of  this  branch  of  the  government 
machinery.  This  letter  explains  the  nature  of  the  defects  complained 
of  so  fully,  and  so  cogently  enforces  the  duty  of  further  leg:d  pronsion 
to  render  the  office  efficient,  that  I  regard  it,  even  at  the  present  day, 


58 


LETTER  TO  THE  JUDICIARY  COMMITTEE. 


[1818. 


as  worthy  of  the  consideration  of  the  country,  and  therefore  present 
it  to  my  readers  entire.  I  am  not  aware  that  it  has  ever  obtained  a 
greater  publicity  than  it  found  amongst  the  members  of  the  Judiciary 
Committee  of  1818,  by  whom  it  was  consigned  to  the  pigeon-holes  of 
the  Clerk's  office,  and  to  the  eternal  sleep  of  the  files  of  that  session. 


Sm: 


TO    THE    HON.    HUGH   NELSON, 

CHAIRMAN   OF   THE    JUDICIARY    COMMITTEE,    HOLSE   OF   REPRESENTATIVES. 

Attorney-Gen'eral's  Office,  March  27,  1818. 


I  beg  leave  to  call  your  attention  to  the  state  of  this  office,  and  to 
some  material  defects  which,  I  think,  exist  in  the  laws  in  relation  to 
it;  with  the  view  that  the  subject,  if  you  shall  think  it  of  sufficient 
importance  to  merit  this  course,  may  be  presented,  through  your  com- 
mittee, to  the  consideration  of  Congress,  before  they  rise. 

The  commission  of  the  Attorney-General  "  authorizes  and  empowers 
him  to  execute  and  fulfil  the  duties  of  that  office,  according  to  laiv.'''' 
The  only  law  which  points  out  those  duties,  is  the  act  of  Congress  of 
the  24th  of  September,  1789,  entitled  an  act  to  establish  the  judicial 
courts  of  the  United  States,  the  thirty-fifth  section  of  which  act  creates 
the  office,  and  designates  its  duties  in  the  following  words :  "  And 
there  shall  be  appointed  a  meet  person,  learned  in  the  law,  to  act  as 
Attorney-General  for  the  United  States;  who  shall  be  sworn  or 
affirmed  to  the  faithful  execution  of  his  office,  whose  duty  it  shall  he, 
to  prosecute  and  conduct  all  suits  in  the  Supreme  Court,  in  which  the 
United  States  shall  be  concerned,  and  to  give  his  advice  and  opinion 
upon  questions  of  laic,  lohen  requested  by  the  President  of  the  United 
S-tafes,  or  when  requested  Inj  the  heads  of  any  of  the  departments, 
touching  any  viatter  that  may  concern  their  departuients." 

It  is  to  be  observed  that  there  is  no  duty  which  the  President  or 
any  head  of  department  performs,  which  does  not  involve  some  prin- 
ciple of  law,  under  the  head,  either  of  the  natural  or  conventional 
law  of  nations,  constitutional  law,  or  municipal  law ;  consequently 
there  is  no  duty  which  belongs  to  either  of  those  officers,  on  which 
he  has  not  the  right  to  require  the  ojiinion  of  the  Attorney-General, 
and  on  which  it  is  not  continually  required ;  and  in  relation,  at  least, 
to  questions  on  municipal  law,  which  are  incessantly  occurring,  it  is 
understood  that  the  heads  of  departments  consider  the  advice  of  the 
law  officers  conclusive. 

In  the  operations  of  an  office  whose  sphere  of  action  is  so  wide, 
and  whose  decisions  are  of  such  extensive  and  unremitting  practical 
effect,  it  would  seem  to  be  of  consequence  to  the  nation  that  some  de- 
gree of  consistency  and  uniformity  should  prevail :  but,  it  is  obvious, 


Chap.  III.]  LETTER  TO  THE  JUDICIARY  COMMITTEE. 


59 


that  these  can  be  attained  in  no  other  way  than  by  putting  the  incum- 
bent, for  the  time  being,  in  full  possession  of  all  the  official  opinions 
and  acts  of  his  predecessors. 

Under  this  impression,  when  I  had  the  honour  of  receiving  the 
appointment,  my  fii-st  inquiry  was  for  the  books  containing  the  acts 
of  advice  and  opinions  of  my  predecessors :  I  was  told  there  were 
none  such.  I  asked  for  the  letter-books,  containing  their  official  cor- 
respondence :  the  answer  was,  that  there  were  no  such  books.  I 
asked  for  the  documents  belonging  to  the  office ;  presuming  that,  at 
least,  the  statements  of  cases  which  had  been  submitted  for  the  opiTiion 
of  the  law-officer  had  been  filed,  and  that  I  should  find,  endorsed  on 
them,  some  note  of  their  advice  in  each  case ;  but  my  im{uiries  result- 
ed in  the  discovery  that  there  was  not  to  be  found,  in  connection  with 
this  office,  any  ti-ace  of  a  pen  indicating,  in  the  slightest  manner,  any 
one  act  of  advice  or  opinion  which  had  been  given  by  any  one  of  my 
predecessors,  from  the  first  foundation  of  the  federal  government  to 
the  moment  of  my  inquiry.  Thus,  the  gentlemen  who  have  held  this 
office,  in  succession,  have  been  in  constant  danger  of  being  involved 
themselves,  and  involving  the  departments  which  depended  on  their 
counsel,  in  perpetual  collisions  and  inconsistencies ;  exposing  the 
government  to  that  kind  of  degradation  which  never  fails  to  attend 
an  unsteady  and  contradictory  course. 

In  noticing  the  omission  to  keep  these  records,  and  preserve  the 
statements  and  documents,  I  am  very  far  from  intending  any  censure 
on  my  predecessors:  for  no  law  had  enjoined  it  on  them  as  a  duty; 
and  from  the  multitude  and  variety  of  questions  which  are  unavoidably 
pressing  upon  this  office,  throughout  the  year,  it  is  very  appai-ent  that 
the  plan  which  I  suggest  could  not  have  been  executed,  without  an 
expense,  in  clerk-hire,  office-fuel,  stationery,  &c.,  for  which  there  is 
no  provision  by  law. 

After  this  explanation,  I  submit  it  to  you,  sir,  with  great  deference, 
whether  it  would  not  be  expedient  that  some  provision  be  made,  by 
law,  for  keeping  a  record  of  the  opinions  and  official  correspondence 
of  the  Attorne3--General,  in  his  office ;  and  for  preserving  in  his  office 
the  dociunents  submitted  for  his  advice. 

Again  :  the  subjects  on  which  the  Attorney-General  is  occasionally 
consulted,  and  those  on  which  he  has  to  act  in  the  Supreme  Court, 
turn,  not  unfrequently,  on  the  local  laws  of  the  several  States.  But 
these  have  not  been  furnished  to  his  office ;  and  the  omission  is  a 
serious  practical  evil.  Would  it  not  be  well  that  the  office  of  the 
Attorney-General  should  be  supplied  with  these  laws? 

Another  defect  seems  to  me  to  exist  in  the  law  as  it  now  stands. 
You  will  observe  that  the  only  law  which  prescribes  the  duty  of  the 
Attorney-General,  and  whicli  I  have  already  quoted,  limits  the  obli- 
gation upon  him,  and,  consequently,  limits  his  right  "  to  give  ojjicidl 
advice  and  opinions^  to  cases  in  which  he  shall  be  called  upon,  by  the 


60  ORGANIZATION  OF  THE  OFFICE.  [1818. 

President,  or  by  any  of  the  departments,  touching  any  matters  which 
may  concern  their  departments." 

]^ut,  I  am  told,  (and,  in  my  short  experience,  I  have  already  found 
it  true,  in  part,)  that  the  advice  and  opinion  of  the  Attorney-General, 
in  his  official  character,  are  called  for  by  committees  of  Congress, 
standing  and  special,  by  all  the  District  Attorneys,  Collectors  of  Cus- 
toms, Collectors  of  the  Public  Taxes,  and  jMarshals  throughout  the 
United  States,  by  Courts  martial,  (military  and  naval,)  wheresoever 
they  may  sit,  &c.,  &c. 

If  it  be  advisable  to  open  the  office  of  the  Attorney-General  to 
applications  of  this  hind,  I  submit  it  to  you,  sir,  whether  it  would  not 
be  expedient  to  have  it  provided  for  by  law.  1.  That  the  several 
officers  and  public  bodies  which  have  been  mentioned,  (instead  of 
resting  on  the  personal  courtesy  of  the  Attorney-General,)  may  be 
authorized  to  call  for  his  opinion,  as  a  matter  of  right. 

And  2d,  (which  strikes  me  as  being  of  equal,  if  not  superior  con- 
sequence,) that  the  Attorney-General  himself  may  be  justified  in 
giving  an  ojjicial  opinion  in  these  cases. 

For,  in  a  government  of  laws,  like  ours,  it  seems  to  me  of  import- 
ance that  the  influence  of  every  officer  should  be  confined  within  the 
strict  limits  prescribed  for  it  by  law. 

It  cannot  be  questioned,  from  the  connection  of  the  Attorney- 
General  with  the  executive  branch  of  the  government,  that  his  advice 
and  opinions,  given  as  Attorney-General,  will  have  an  oficial  influ- 
ence, beyond,  and  independent  of,  whatever  intrinsic  merit  they  may 
possess :  and  whether  it  be  sound  policy  to  permit  this  officer  or  any 
other  under  the  government,  even  on  the  application  of  others,  to 
extend  the  influence  of  his  office  beyond  the  pale  of  the  law,  and  to 
cause  it  to  be  felt,  where  the  laws  have  not  contemplated  that  it 
should  be  felt,  is  the  point  which  I  beg  leave  to  submit  to  your  con- 
sideration. 

There  is,  however,  a  strong  objection  to  any  new  provision  which 
should  go  to  open  the  office  of  the  Attorney-General,  as  noiv  organized, 
to  applications  beyond  the  provisions  of  the  act  of  1789.  It  is  this : 
I  am  convinced  that  no  single  unassisted  individual,  whatever  may  be 
his  strength,  his  habits  of  industry,  or  the  system  and  celerity  of  his 
movements,  could  discharge,  in  a  manner  satisfactdry  either  to  himself 
or  the  nation,  the  vast  load  of  duties  which  would  be  thus  thrown 
upon  him,  without  devoting  himself  to  them,  solely  and  exclusively. 
The  very  frc(]uent  calls  which  are  regularly  and  properly  made  on  the 
office,  under  the  act  of  1789,  and  the  careful  and  elaborate  examina- 
tion which  it  is  often  necessary  to  bestow  upon  these  subjects,  are 
found  to  be  sufficient,  in  connection  with  tlie  Attorney-General's 
duties  in  the  Supreme  Court,  to  give  the  office,  at  present,  almost 
constant  occupation :  and  if,  in  addition  to  those  duties,  he  shall  be 
placed  under  a  legal  obligation  to  answer  all  the  other  calls  which 


Chap.  IV.] 


IMPROVEMENTS  SUGGESTED. 


61 


have  been  mentioned,  Le  must,  unavoidably,  abandon  entirely  the 
individual  pursuits  of  his  profession,  and  rest,  for  the  support  of  his 
family,  on  the  salary  attached  to  the  office.  Even  under  the  duties, 
as  they  now  exist,  vcrrj  Utile  time  is  left  to  the  Attorney-General  to 
aid  the  salary  of  his  office  by  individual  engagements ;  a  fact  which 
may  explain,  in  part,  the  frequent  resignations  of  this  office  which  have 
heretofore  occurred. 

I  would  not  have  troubled  you  with  these  suggestions,  at  this  time, 
but  that  the  subject  strikes  me  as  being  of  so  much  practical  import- 
ance to  the  nation,  as  to  merit  consideration  :  and  that  it  relates  to  an 
office  whose  defective  organization,  however  grievous  to  the  incumbent, 
or  injurious  to  the  public,  would  not  be  apt  to  force  itself  on  the 
notice  of  others.* 

I  have  the  honour  to  be,  sir. 

With  very  great  respect. 
Your  obedient  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER   IV. 


1818. 


LETTER    TO    POPE.  —  VIEWS    IN    ACCEPTING   THE   POST   OF   ATTOR- 
NEY-GENERAL.  LETTER    TO    GILMER. CORRESPONDENCE    WITH 

MR.  ADAMS. AN  AMENDED  EDITION  OF  THE  SKETCHES  CON- 
TEMPLATED.  LETTERS     TO     CARR. THE    ATTORNEY-GENERAL 

ADMITTED   TO   THE   BAR  OF   BALTIMORE. THE   RULE   OF   COURT. 

MEETS   PINKNEY. RIVALRY    BETWEEN    THEM. ADVICE   TO 

GILMER. A  MISUNDERSTANDING  AT  THE  BAR  AND  RECON- 
CILIATION.  LETTER  TO  DELAPLAINE. REMARKS  ON  BIOGRA- 
PHICAL   WRITING. 

Having  departed  somewhat  from  the  regular  succession  of  dates 
in  the  correspondence,  with  a  view  to  bring  together  what  was  appro- 
priate to  the  publication  of  the  Biography  of  Henry,  and  the  ap- 

*  Although  Congress  did  not  act  immediately  npon  the  suggestions  of  this 
letter,  they,  doubtless,  had  their  inlhience,  in  the  sidjsequent  proceedings  of 
that  body,  in  increasing  tlie  salary  of  the  Attorney-General,  and  in  providing 
him  a  proper  library.  Mr.  Wirt's  administration  of  the  office  had,  also,  its 
due  weight  in  adjusting  that  more  distinct  understanding  of  the  nature  of 
his  duties,  in  connection  widi  other  departments  of  the  Government,  which 
now  exists. 

Vol.  II.  — 6 


62 


LETTER  TO  POPE. 


[1818. 


pointment  to  the  Attorney-Generalship, — the  two  prominent  events 
of  this  period, — I  now  return  to  the  more  pleasant  incidents  of  social 
life,  from  which  we  maj^  learn  with  what  feelings  the  subject  of  our 
narrative  looked  upon  this  advancement  of  his  fortunes. 

We  have  here  a  letter  of  personal  interest,  in  which  the  writer 
pours  into  the  bosom  of  an  old  and  cherished  friend  the  warmest 
sentiments  of  his  own  heart,  with  that  rambling  freedom  of  utterance 
which,  better  than  all  other  testimonials,  evinces  the  entire  sincerity 
and  truth  of  what  he  writes. 

TO  WILLIAM   POPE. 


Washington,  January  18, 1818. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  am  indebted  to  you  for  two  warm,  amusing,  and,  at  the  same 
time,  affecting  letters,  which  I  have  never  found  time  'till  now  to 
answer,  for  since  I  have  been  here  I  have  had  to  work  'till  midnight, 
every  night,  to  keep  the  channel  of  my  office  from  being  blocked  up 
by  drift-wood.  It  is  now  night,  and  after  a  close  day's  work,  it  is  a 
relief  to  me  to  take  up  my  pen  and  hold  some  chat  with  j'ou. 

I  am  indebted  to  my  constant  occupation  for  one  thing,  at  least ; 
it  has  not  allowed  me  time  to  think  of  and  mourn  over  my  separation 
from  those  beloved  friends  in  Virginia  with  whom  Heaven  has  blessed 
me, — and  I  dare  not  sufter  myself,  even  at  this  moment,  to  look  long 
that  way.     "Ambition  should  be  made  of  sterner  stuff." 

I  have  been  long  convinced  that  there  is  not  enough  iron  in  my 
composition  for  a  public  character ;  I  mean,  for  a  politician  aiming  at 
glory.  Nor  do  I  regret  it ;  for  I  would  not  exchange  the  sensibility 
which  has  made  me  so  happy  in  my  friends,  for  all  the  honours  upon 
earth.  As  to  those  high  grounds  to  which  your  partiality  points  me, 
they  have  no  charms  for  me.  The  summit  of  my  ambition  is  to 
make  a  decent  provision  for  my  children,  and  to  leave  behind  me  a 
name,  at  the  mention  of  which  neither  they  nor  my  friends  will  ever 
have  cause  to  blush.  The  last,  I  trust  that  Heaven  will  give  me  the 
firmness  to  effect ;  and  even  as  to  the  first,  I  do  not  despair,  if  my 
life  and  health  shall  be  prolonged  to  the  usual  term. 

As  to  the  office  which  I  have  received,  it  was  not,  trust  me,  either 
the  supposed  honour  attached  to  it,  nor  any  ulterior  jiromotiou  to 
which  it  might  be  supposed  to  lead,  that  induced  my  acceptance. 
No!  as  there  is  a  God  in  Heaven,  who  knows  the  secrets  of  my  heart, 
it  was  the  single  object  of  bettering  the  fortunes  of  my  children,  by 
pursuing  m}'  profession  on  more  advantageous  ground  Nor  would 
I  have  accepted  any  other  office  under  the  government,  even  the 


Chap.  IV.] 


THE   SKETCHES   OF   HENRY. 


63 


highest;  for  any  other  would  have  been  utterly  incompatible  with 
what  I  deem  my  first  duty  —  which  is  to  provide  for  my  household. 
"He  that  provideth  not  for  his  household  is"  pronounced,  you  know, 
to  be  "  worse  than  an  infidel."  Nor  am  I  vain  and  foolish  enough 
to  aim  at  anything  higher.  I  aru  already  higher  than  I  had  any 
reason  to  expect,  and  I  should  be  light-headed,  indeed,  because  I 
have  been  placed  on  this  knoll,  (where  I  feel  safe,)  to  aspire  at  the 
mountain's  pinnacle,  in  order  to  be  blown  to  atoms.  Therefore,  let 
this  matter  rest. 

As  to  Patrick,  I  am  glad  he  takes  in  Virginia.  The  man  must  be 
a  bungler,  indeed,  who  could  have  failed,  in  thai  state,  with  a  subject 
so  popular.  But  I  have  been  looking  out  for  a  scourging  from  the 
north.  Those  gentlemen  will  not  enjoy  my  encomiums  on  Mr. 
Henry.  I  have  received  some  personal  compliments  from  some  of 
them,  on  the  workmanship  of  the  book,  but  I  can  see  plainly  enough 
they  regard  it — as  you  tell  Pleasants  John  Taylor,  of  Caroline,  does-- 
"  as  a  splendid  novel."  It  is  not  wonderful  that  Taylor  speaks  of  it 
in  this  light ;  for  he  is  the  relation  of  a  justly  eminent  man,  who 
would  certainly  never  have  added  one  pebble  to  Mr.  Henry's  mauso- 
leum, and  from  whom  I  have  no  doubt  that  Col.  T.  has  received  all 

his  impressions  of  Mr.  Henry.     I  take  what  you  say  of  C to  be 

a  joke;  he  has,  however,  I  must  confess,  some  little  reason  to  be 
nettled  —  not  that  injustice  has  been  done  him  — but  that  a  joke,  at 
his  expense,  has  been  recorded.  But  he  is  not  mentioned  by  name, 
and  his  best  policy  will  be  to  laugh  it  ofl*. 

Has  the  book  itself  reached  your  neighbourhood  ?  "Webster  has 
been  very  niggardly  in  the  proportion  of  the  first  edition  which  he 
has  allowed  to  Virginia.  He  did  not  give  me  copies  enough  to  dis- 
tribute among  the  contributors  to  the  materials  of  the  work.  I  de- 
signed a  splendid  copy  for  your  brother  Nat's  eldest  son,  William ; 
but  ^yebster  disappointed  me.  It  shall,  however,  yet  be  done,  either 
from  this  edition  or  the  second,  which  will  be  out  in  a  few  months  : — 
but  this  you  must  not  mention,  for  fear  of  spoiling  the  sale  of  the 
first,     I  know  you  are  a  great  hand  at  keeping  a  secret. 

How  are  you  ?  how  is  Mrs.  P.  ?  how,  Lucy  Ann  ?  how,  INIont- 
fpelier? — not  forgetting  that  tall  pine,  which  I  shall  never  forget,  nnr 
x>ven  that  big-headed  little  fellow  that  stole  the  keys  of  the  moon. 
1  Everything  around  you  is  dear  to  my  recollection  —  all  your  jokes, 
Jyour  excellent  face,  your  eyes,  your  mouth,  your  laugh  —  all  as  fresh 
)  as  if  I  were  a  young  girl  thinking  of  my  first  love. 

As  to  great  men,  here,  and  the  aflfairs  of  the  nation,  you  know 
enough  through  the  public  prints ;  and  as  to  private  opinions,  I,  you 
know,  am  oificially  pen-and-tongue-tied.  Will  you  assure  your  family 
of  my  sincere  love?  Will  you  tell  Morris,  next  time  you  see  him, 
how  much  I  love  him,  in  spite  of  his  abominable  federalism  ?     \V  ill 


64 


REMINISCENCES. 


[1818. 


/ 


you  assure  my  excellent  friend  Wilson,  that  I  never  smoke  a  pipe 
(whicli  is  six  times  a  day)  without  thinking  aifectionately  of  him  and 
his  dearly  beloved  neighbours,  Bullock  and  Price  ? 

I  wish  you  would  go  and  see  Clarke  oftener  than  you  have  done 
of  late  years.  You  make  him  very  happy  when  you  do  so — and  do 
not,  I  think,  make  yourself  very  miserable — for  you  love  Heaven's 
handy-works  well  enough  to  enjoy  the  sight,  even,  of  those  angel- 
faces  that  move  through  his  house.  Don't  you  mind  (as  the  Scotch- 
Irish  say)  those  days  we  spent  there  with  Ned  Scott,  Doct.  Wooldridge 
and  Co."?  They  "  7nind"  me  "of  departed  joys,  departed"  (shall  I 
say  never?  no,  I  could  not  bear  it,  but)  seldom  "to  return."  Are 
you  coming  on  here  ? 

"  But  are  you  sure  the  news  is  true  ;  and  are  you  sure  he"s  weel  V' 

Oh !  that  you  would  come,  and  give  me  the  sweet  illusion  that  I 
am  yet  in  Virginia.  But  you  will  talk  of  it,  and  you  will  persuade 
yourself  that  you  are  coming,  'till  the  moment  comes,  when  a  loose 
shoe  on  Morgan  Rattler,  or  some  disorder  of  a  gu'th  or  stirrup-leather 
will  spoil  the  whole  kettle  of  fish. 

"  What  great  effects  from  little  causes  spring !"  Just  as  I  raised 
my  eye  from  the  paper,  here,  memory  gave  me  back  our  visit  and 
dinner  at  Bullock's  Bock-castle.  I  see  you  now  dashing  into  the 
boat,  at  Jefierson,  by  the  side  of  O'Beilly — "Shoot  Lid^e !"  And 
I  hear  that  black  mimic  at  Jefferson, — and  the  original,  "I'll  be 
dab'd,  if  I  don't."     And 

"  Did  you  hear  the  sweet  tones  of  her  voice  ? 
Why  did  she  marry  him  %     Why  did  she  marry  him  ?" 

And  then  our  re-crossing  the  river  to  poor  good  Mead's. 

****** 

You  cannot  conceive  with  what  childish  tenderness  I  recall  these 
scenes.  But  the  "pleasures  of  memory"  will  soon  be  all  that  are 
left  me.  I  was  going  to  add,  "  or  you  either,"  but  I  just  remember 
that,  like  the  soul,  you  "  flourish  in  immortal  youth."  Happy,  happy, 
thrice  happy  man  !  happy  in  all  who  know  you  on  earth,  and  happy, 
I  verily  believe,  in  the  approbation  of  all  who  know  you  above — with 
the  exception  of  "  that  vilo,  nefarious  County  of  Goochland."  Here 
is  another  security  that  you  will  not  expose  the  folly  of  this  letter. 
Y"ou  see  I  am  already  a  managing  politician. 

What  occurrence  was  that  which  took  place  at  Major  Price's  door, 
on  your  return  from  the  theatre  ?  I  would  thank_  you  to  write  it, 
because  my  recollection  of  particulars  is  becoming  indistinct  since  I 
crossed  the  Potomac. 

Excuse  all  this  levity,  my  dear  Pope,  for  I  am  really  laughing  to 
keep  myself  from  crying,  as  cowards  whistle  in  the  dark.     AVhether 


Chap.  IV.]       PRACTICE  IN  THE  SUPREME  COURT. 


65 


I  shall  find  tlie  practice  of  the  law  profitable  here  I  do  not  know,  as 
yet.  The  salary,  you  know,  is  very  low,  only  three  thousand  dollars. 
There  is  a  talk  of  raising  it.  I  wish  it  may  not  end  in  talk.  As  to 
the  other  business  in  the  Supreme  Court,  I  have  as  yet  only  eight  or 
ten  causes;  but  I  have  a  prospect  of  more  in  the  course  of  the 
approaching  court,  and  the  fees  are  good. 

If  I  could  flatter  myself  with  the  pleasure  of  seeing  you  now  and 
then,  I  should  be  much  better  reconciled  to  my  change  of  residence. 
You  and  Dabney  will  be  here  in  February,  when  I  shall  be  too  busy 
to  enjoy  your  company  to  the  full  pitch.  But  could  not  you  make 
one  trip  every  spring  or  summer  ?  Then  I  shall  be  a  freeman,  and  I 
will  have  a  room  always  at  your  command.  Then  too,  you  will  see 
this  place  in  its  best  dress;  1  mean  Washington  and  the  surrounding 
scenery.  A  beautiful  place  it  is,  I  promise  you,  in  the  spring  or 
summer.  I  shall  have  leisure  to  ride  with  you  to  all  the  surrounding 
heights  which  overlook  Georgetown,  Washington,  Alexandria,  and 
the  seats  on  the  Potomac  as  low  down  as  Mt.  Vernon ;  and  I  will 
carry  you  to  Bladensburg,  the  place  of  my  nativity ;  show  you  the 
house  in  which  I  was  born ;  the  Spa-bath  in  which  I  was  very  near 
being  drowned  at  two  years  of  age ;  the  house  at  which  I  went  to 
school,  at  three ;  the  battle-ground  during  the  late  war,  &c.  And  if 
you  come  next  summer,  you  will  probably  see  a  seventy-four  gun  ship 
launched,  which  you  will  find  on  the  stocks,  next  month,  at  our  navy 
yard.  "  What  a  great  nation  we  are,"  and  how  much  greater  we  will 
be,  if  we  hold  on  as  we  have  begun  !  Shall  we  not  be  the  greatest 
nation  in  the  world — except  six? 

I  have  prattled  to  you  full  as  long  as  my  duties  will  permit.  So, 
after  begging  you  to  give  my  love  to  every  man,  woman  and  child, 
you  hear  speak  kindly  of  me,  I  bid  you  farewell,  and  pray  God  to 
bless  you.  Man  and  boy,  from  the  year  1798,  (when  first  I  saw 
you)  which  is  twenty-six  years  this  summer,  I  have  been,  with  con- 
stant love,  and  ever  shall  be, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Another  letter  of  advice  to  Gilmer,  who,  after  meditating  a  removal 
to  Baltimore,  had  suddenly  changed  his  purpose  and  gone  to  Bich- 
mond.  A  rule  of  the  Baltimore  bar  which  required  three  years  resi- 
dence in  the  State,  imposed  a  condition  with  which  Gilmer  could  not 
comply,  and  thus  compelled  him  to  relinquish  a  design,  the  fulfilment 
of  which,  we  may  suppose,  should  have  been  not  less  desirable  to  the 
community  of  Baltimore,  than  it  would  have  been  profitable  to  the 
individual  who  sought  to  establish  himself  there, 
6* 


66 


LETTER  TO  GILMER. 


[1818. 


TO   FRANCIS   W.    GILMER. 


My  Dear  Francis  ; 


Washington,  January  20,  1818. 


I  answered  your  letter  from  "Winchester  on  the  mornitig  after  its 
receipt.  The  rapidity  with  which  you  have  executed  your  removal 
to  Richmond,  satisfies  me  that  you  were  just  in  the  temper  of  Pope's 
wife  of  Bath,  when  she  consulted  her  friends.     He  says — 

'•She  did  as  commonly  is  done, 
Heard  their  advice,  and  took — her  own."' 

That  is  to  say,  that  your  measure  was  resolved  on,  before  you  con- 
sulted me,  by  letter,  at  least.  From  your  talk  in  Richmond,  I  had 
not  expected  so  Bonapartean  a  dash;  and,  in  truth,  from  the  time 
you  left  us  I  was  so  incessantly,  and,  with  such  anxious  mind,  engaged 
in  hastening  my  escape  from  the  ice,  that  I  could  not  think,  with  or- 
dinary' foresight,  of  any  other  object.  Since  my  arrival  here  I  can 
give  you  no  idea  of  the  bustle,  the  confounding  variety  of  engage- 
ments, which  shut  out  every  subject  not  connected  with  the  comfort- 
able establishment  of  my  wife  and  children,  or  the  throwing  off  of  the 
accumulated  load  of  official  duties.  The  answer  I  gave  you  was  the 
earliest  I  could  have  given  you;  and  that  you  will  have  received  be- 
fore you  get  this  —  although  I  am  answering  it  in  ten  minutes  after 
its  receipt. 

You  will  see  that  I  oppose  your  removal  to  Richmond ;  but  there 
is  so  much  of  Providence  in  these  things,  and  so  much  depends  on 
the  unvanqulshable  energy  of  the  orator,  that  human  prudence  be- 
comes a  pismire  view  of  the  subject.  The  die  (as  you  say)  is  cast — 
and  may  Heaven  prosper  it !  The  step  having  been  taken,  all  that 
remains  is  to  make  the  best  use  of  it. 

1st.  Don't  be  in  a  hurry  to  distinguish  yourself.  And,  on  the  other 
hand,  don't  hang  back  too  long.  Let  the  occasion  of  yom*  first  display 
be  good,  and  your  preparation  ripe. 

2d.  On  all  occasions,  private  and  public,  throw  the  utmost  modesty, 
and  the  most  scrupulous  delicacy,  into  your  manner,  and  be  more  dis- 
posed to  have  your  scientific  knowledge  drawn  from  you  than  to 
volunteer  a  display  of  it. 

3d.  Read  law  like  a  horse.  Your  friend  Cabell  will  point  out  the 
best  covirse  to  you.  Pursue  it  indefotigably,  and  suiFer  no  butterflies' 
wings,  stones,  &c.,  to  draw  you  aside  from  it. 

4th.  In  your  arguments  at  the  bar,  let  argument  strongly  predo- 
minate. Sacrifice  your  flowers,  and  let  your  columns  be  doric,  rather 
than  composite  —  the  better  medium  is  Ionic.  Avoid,  as  you  would 
the  gates  of  death,  the  reputation  of  floridity.  Small  though  your 
body,  let  the  march  of  your  mind  be  the  stride  of  a  seven-leagued 
giant. 


Chap.  IV.] 


LETTERS  TO  CARR. 


67 


Aim  at  the  character  of  strength,  cogency,  comprehension,  and  imi- 
tate, of  all  tliiugf!,  Judge  ^lar.sliaH's  and  Locke's  simple  proccsd  of 
reasoninsr.  The  world  will  ever  give  its  sanction  to  this  as  the  truest 
criterion  of  superior  mind. 

And  now,  in  my  hurry,  I  have  done.  May  God  bless  you,  and 
prosper  you. 

Yoiu"  friend  and  brother, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


It  will  be  seen,  in  the  progress  of  our  narrative,  that  Wirt  was 
abeady  thinking  of  an  amended  edition  of  "The  Sketches."  His 
correspondence  with  3Ir.  Adams,  which  had  now  just  begun,  had 
probably  suggested  the  necessity  of  some  corrections,  or,  at  least,  had 
invited  him  to  further  investigations  upon  the  topics  to  which  that 
correspondence  referred.  This  scheme  of  an  amended  edition,  how- 
ever, although  regarded  by  the  author,  as  I  have  authority  for  saying, 
as  a  matter  of  some  interest,  and  as  one  which  he  designed  to  ac- 
complish with  some  care,  was  finally  abandoned  as  a  hopeless  enter- 
prise, rendered  impossible  by  the  pressure  of  the  business  of  his 
official  position. 

TO  JUDGE  CARR. 

Washington,  January  21,  1818. 
Mv  Dear  Friend  : 

It  is  late  at  night  —  the  fag-end  of  a  hard  day's  work.  My  eyes, 
hand  and  mind  all  tired.  It  is  not  under  these  circumstances  that 
you  can  expect  a  return  to  my  epistolary  obligations  to  you.  A  fair 
return  I  do  not  propose  to  make,  but  a  confession  rather  of  the  obli- 
gations aforesaid,  and  a  promise  hereafter  to  settle  the  account. 

We  are  here,  sir,  established  in  our  own  house,  for  the  which  I 
have  this  day  paid  twelve  thousand  dollars.  I  shall  not  describe  the 
premises,  because  I  have  been  led  to  hope  that  you  will  see  them  in 
the  course  of  the  next  month.  I  will  only  now  say  on  this  subject, 
that  we  are  what  might  be  called  quite  comfortable. 

The  office  I  find  is  no  sinecure.  I  have  been  up  'till  midnight,  at 
work,  every  night,  and  still  have  my  hands  full.  Much  of  this°is  not 
properly  my  duty.  *         *         '^'^         I  shall  find  ways  and  means 

to  put  an  end  to  it,  prudenlhj,  and  do  only  my  own  duly.     In  the 
mean  time,  apprehend  nothing  rash  or  presumptuous  from  me. 

My  single  motive  for  accepting  the  office  was  the  calculation  of 
being  able  to  pursue  my  profession  on  a  more  advantageous  ground— 
i.  e.  more  money  for  less  work.  Ulterior  objects  never  were  within 
my  view,  and  never  can  be.     Many  of  my  friends  talk  of  follies  of 


G8 


THE  SKETCHES  OF  HEXRY. 


[1818. 


this  sort,  but  you  will  believe  me  sincere  when  I  assure  you  there  is 
not  a  speck  of  them  within  the  horizon  of  my  hopes  or  wishes.  On 
the  contrary,  I  have  made  my  calculation  to  end  my  Attorneyshii) 
with  Mr.  Monroe's  administration,  and  to  look  to  Heaven  for  all  the 
future.  An  honourable  and  easy  old  age  is  all  I  desire.  How  far 
beyond  what  I  had  any  reason  to  count  upon  in  my  youth  I  But  this 
field  of  recollection  and  feeling  is  too  wide.  I  shall  not  attempt  to 
enter  it  at  this  time  of  night. 

As  to  Patrick, — I  was  sincere  in  the  apprehension  I  expressed  to 
you ;  and  I  still  incHne  to  believe  that  a  sound  and  deep  critic  would 
pronounce  it  an  epheineron.  It  certainly  falls  infinitely  short  of  my 
own  conception  of  biography :  the  falling  short,  however,  is  chiefly  in 
those  particulars  which  depend  on  the  personal  observation  of  the 
author,  and  which  no  description  can  supply.  Stewart  would  as  soon 
attempt  to  paint  and  be  responsible  for  the  fidelity  of  a  portait,  on 
description.,  as  I  would  to  attempt  such  another  work.  If  I  can  get 
clear  this  time,  I  swear  off.  The  workmanship,  however,  is  much 
extolled  to  me.  Walsh,  Correa,  and  several  members  of  Congress, 
have  thanked  me  in  person  for  their  gratification ;  and  I  enclose  you, 
as  a  treat,  a  curious  letter  which  I  have  received  from  our  old  friend 
John  Adams. 

As  to  the  book  —  you  have  received  merely  the  extracts  in  the 
Enquirer,  which  leave  out  all  the  dead-man's-flesh,  and  give  you  only 
the  phantasmagoria  of  the  working  muscles.    That  critique  was  written 

by  my  friend  Judge  P ,  who  has  been  more  anxious  to  discover 

beauties  than  astute  to  perceive  defects.  I  wish  I  could  send  j'ou  the 
book  itself;  but  I  have  not  a  copy  except  an  interleaved  one  to  correct 
for  the  next  edition.  I  wish  this,  because  you  would  be  then  able  to 
judge  of  the  whole,  and  it  is  upon  the  whole  I  am  anxious  to  have 
your  opinion.  I  wish  you,  in  forming  it,  to  have  an  eye  upon  Sterne's 
"  gutter  of  time,"  and  tell  me  whether  you  think  there  is  soul  enough 
about  it  to  live. 

I  have  much,  much  to  say  to  you  about  this  place,  and  those  who 
are  around  me ;  but  I  am  now  worn  out.  We  must  defer  all  this 
'till  we  meet,  for  I  am  extremely  fatigued;  and  besides,  "■' liiera 
script  a,"  &c. 

The  Supreme  Court  is  approaching.  It  will  half  kill  you  to  hear 
that  it  will  find  me  unprepared ;  but  I  shall  contrive  ways  and  means 
to  keep  my  professional  head,  at  least,  above  water.  As  to  any  great 
figure  I  cannot  promise  it,  in  the  bustle  in  which  I  am  now  engaged. 

As  yet,  I  have  not  paid,  or  even  returned  one  single  visit :  forty- 
thi-ee  visits  in  debt  this  day.     Duty,  sir,  paramount  duty ! 


Our  love  to  you  all.     Don't   stand  on  ceremony  with    me,  but 
scribble  all  the  nonsense  you  can  think  of  every  night,  and  give  me 


Chap.  IV.]  BADINAGE.  69 

the  diary  through  the  mail,  which  is  free  to  me.     Jly  love  to  Judge 

Your  friend, 

Wm  Wirt. 


Hohues  and  Leigh. 


TO  JUDGE  CARR. 


My  Dear  Friend: 


Washington,  May  6,  1818. 


"I  thank  you  upon  my  conscience,"  as  Pope  says,  for  your  three 
letters.  They  arc  the  most  somersetical,  high-flyingcst,  and  most 
charming  that  I  have  seen,  felt,  heard,  and  understood  (which,  I  think, 
Sterne  says  is  a  quotation  from  Lilly  [whom  I  believe  I  never  saw — 
meaning  Lilly.]  God  help  the  mark  ! — )  (Here  is  an  entanglement 
of  parentheses  which  I  believe  it  would  puzzle  General  Charles  Lee 
to  wind  up — and  so  I  shall  give  it  up  in  despair)  for  a  long  time — 
(meaning  that  I  have  never  seen,  &c.,  for  a  long  time.)  And  I  should 
nave  acknowledged  them  sooner,  but  for  first  one 
another,  and  lastly, 


thing  and  then 


;)c  ^  :)«  ^  >K  *  ^ 

One  cause  of  quarrel  with  you,  which  I  have  now  on  hand,  was 
the  miserably  mean,  short,  scanty,  penm-ious,  niggardly  visit  you  paid 
us  in  the  winter.  That  is  not  the  way  for  a  man  to  go  and  see  a 
friend  whom  he  has  not  seen,  but  by  snatches,  during  the  present 
century ;  but,  Deo  volente,  and  also,  wind  and  weather  permitting,  I 
will  show  you,  in  the  month  of  August,  what  is  the  way — for  I  jiro- 
pose  to  take  advantage  of  the  recess  of  Laura's  school,  in  that  month, 
to  dash  her  over  the  mountains,  and  see  if  I  cannot  ferment  a  little 
blood  into  her  cheeks,  and  jolt  a  little  flesh  upon  her  bones.  Yet, 
she  is  in  good  health  and  spirits,  and,  considering  the  exemplary 
gra^^ty  of  both  her  parents,  is  as  volatile  as  either:  as  stuttering 

H used  to  say  of  his  stuttering  daughter,  "  I  can't  think  who  the 

d — d — d — d — devil  the  child  takes  after." 

I  enter  my  protest  against  you  and  the  Judge,  if  you  design  such 
another  dry  visit  to  Washington  as  you  made  last  winter  :  you  were 
ofi"  before  we  could  realize  the  fact  of  your  being  here. 

I  am,  at  this  present,  in  a  furious  hurry,  lest  the  mail  should  close 
on  me.  Judge  of  the  pressure  on  me  when  I  tell  you  that  I  had, 
this  morning,  to  rise  before  five  o'clock  to  business,  and  shall  have  so 
to  do,  I  expect,  till  the  meeting  of  the  Supreme  Court.  Be  not 
ofiended,  therefore,  at  my  brevity — knowing,  as  you  do,  that  whether 
my  letters  are  long  or  short,  I  am  ever 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


70 


ADMITTED  TO  THE  BALTIMORE  BAR. 


[1818. 


At  this  date  Mr.  Wirt  made  his  first  acquaintance  with  the  Balti- 
more bar.  A  robbery  of  the  mail,  with  circumstances  of  great  atrocity 
ending  in  the  murder  of  the  driver  of  the  mail-stage,  had  occurred, 
a  short  time  before  this,  on  the  road  leading  from  Baltimore  to  Phila- 
delphia, within  the  limits  of  Maryland.  The  robbers  were  appre- 
hended and  committed  for  trial  before  the  Circuit  Com-t  of  the  United 
States,  which  held  its  session  in  Baltimore.  By  the  direction  of  the 
Government,  the  Attorney-Greneral  repaired  thither  to  take  a  part  in 
the  prosecution.  The  trials  came  on  in  May.  The  robbers  were 
convicted,  and  sentenced  to  death. 

These  trials  gave  occasion  for  an  interpretation  of  that  invidious 
and  impolitic  rule  of  the  bar  which  had  frustrated  Grilmer's  purpose 
of  removing  to  Baltimore.  A  question  arose, — how  was  Mr.  "Wirt 
to  obtain  the  privilege  of  practising  in  the  Courts  of  Maryland,  in 
this  condition  of  disqualification  for  want  of  residence  ?  A  native, 
himself,  of  the  State,  and  now  a  resident  of  the  District  of  Columbia, 
he  would,  nevertheless,  have  been  excluded  by  this  singular  act  of 
judicial  legislation,  but  for  the  potency  of  his  position  in  the  govern- 
ment. The  rule  made  no  exception;  but,  it  seems,  the  court  and 
bar  found  a  resource  in  construction,  which  enabled  them  to  gratify 
what  was  well  known  to  be  the  personal  wish  of  every  member  of  the 
profession  in  Baltimore,  and  the  Attorney-General  was  accordingly 
admitted  to  all  the  privileges  of  practice  at  this  bar,  upon  the  ground 
that  his  official  duty  entitled  him  to  that  privilege  in  the  particular 
cases  which  he  h^d  in  charge  from  the  Government.*  It  would  seem, 
from  the  following  letter,  that  Mr.  Wirt  still  hoped  that  the  same 
dexterity  which  had  found  a  plea  for  his  admission,  might  yet  be 
favourably  exerted  in  behalf  of  his  young  friend  Gilmer. 


TO    FRANCIS    W.  GILMER. 

WAsmNGTON,  June  1,  1818. 
My  Dear  Francis  : 

As  long  as  my  friends  know  how  much  I  love  them,  and  how  con- 
tinually I  am  occupied,  they  ought  not,  I  think,  to  stand  on  punctilios 

»  The  reader  will  be  reminded  by  this  incident,  of  the  good  fortune  of 
the  Attorney-General,  at  an  earlier  period  of  his  life,  by  which  he  escaped 
the  operation  of  the  rule  of  the  Virginia  bar,  which  required  one  year's 
residence. 


Chap.  IV.] 


LETTER  TO   GILMER. 


71 


-with  me.  We  are  sorry  to  hear  that  you  have  been,  and  still  are, 
sick.  I  am  afraid  you  are  starving  yourself.  You  ought  to  take  a 
o-lass  or  two  of  wiue  every  day,  and  eke  the  warm  bath.  Your  fibres, 
unless  I  mistake,  are  too  rigid,  and  your  whole  system  too  meagre. 
If  you  think  so  much,  and  live  so  much  like  an  anchorite,  your  brain 
will  dry  up  to  a  crackling.  Adam,  who  had  nothing  to  do^  in  the 
garden  of  Eden,  in  the  way  of  thought,  except  to  prune  his  vines 
and  sing  morning  and  evening  hymns,  might  live  on  grapes  and  cold 
water;  but  it  will  not  do  for  a  fellow  of  the  present  day,  whose 
system,  intellectual  and  corporeal,  is  wasting  under  severe  and  con- 
tinual expenditure ;  especially  a  fellow  whose  corporation  is  so  slight, 
that  he  would  evaporate  in  the  open  air  as  soon  as  a  phial  of  ether. 
According  to  the  best  of  my  recollection,  you  eat  enough,  but  there 
is  no  counterpoise  of  drink.  You  must  contrive  to  make  your  juices 
richer,  and  your  fibres  softer.  Quod  nnfa.  You  ought  to  spend  a 
portion  of  the  day,  too,  in  levity  and  tolly,  with  as  little  exertion  of 
thought  as  possible.  It  is  not  only  sweet,  but  useful,  to  trifle  occa-- 
sionally.  The  bow  of  Apollo  will  not  bear  perpetual  stretching.  A 
fellow  who,  both  in  conversation  and  in  solitude,  is  perpetually  on 
his  high  horse,  may  make  a  very  good  centaur,  but  he  will  not  do 
long  for  a  man. 

I  hear  you  have  broken  a  lance  with  the  Attorney-General  of  the 
State.  Did  you  unhorse  him  ?  They  tell  me  there  was  no  pomp, 
no  ostentation,  no  bombast,  no  pedantry,  about  you ;  no  verbiage  for 
verbiage  sake  :  but  that  your  words  were  full  of  thought,  your  style 
pithy  and  elegant,  and  your  manner  manly  and  modest,  yet  energetic 
and  cogent.  That  is  what  I  like.  Teach  these  young  Virginians,  by 
your  example,  the  insignificance  of  their  afiected  swelling  and  rotundi- 
Jication  of  frothy  sentences,  and  of  their  duplication  and  re-duplica- 
tion, and  infinite  accumulation  of  chaotic  and  confounding  Irish 
metaphors.  I  shall  never  enjoy  any  compliment  that  I  may  hear 
paid  to  you,  unless  it  is  accompanied  by  a  compliment  to  the  force, 
as  well  as  accuracy,  of  your  thinking.  I  lost  the  best  part  of  my  life 
indulging  the  frolics  of  fancy,  —  and  the  consequence  is,  that  it  will 
take  me  all  the  rest  of  it  to  convince  the  world  that  I  have  common 
sense.  I  am  extremely  anxious  that,  in  your  voyage  of  life,  you 
should  commit  no  similar  deviation,  with  its  inevitable  loss  of  time  in 
regaining  the  track.  Let  the  first  and  predominant  impression  you 
make  upon  the  world  be,  thut  you  have  a  mind  of  adcfjuate  strength 
for  the  highest  achievements  in  your  profession ;  and,  for  some  years, 
use  the  curb  rather  than  the  spur,  with  your  imagination.  Ride  the 
refractory  and  curveting  jade  with  a  JNIameluke  bit,  or  she  will 
infallibly  fling  you  in  the  mud,  as  she  did  me. 

I  have  been  to  Baltimore,  and,  maugre  the  aforesaid  rule,  was  en- 
rolled at  the  State  bur,  on  the  ground  that,  as  the  United  States  had 
a  right  to  appear  as  a  suitor  in  court,  the  Attorney-General  had,  of 


72 


PROFESSIONAL  VIEV/S. 


[1818, 


course,  a  riglit  to  be  admitted.  Here  is  a  specimen  of  accuracy  of 
thinkino-!  "They  did  not  perceive  that  the  reason  went  no  farther 
than  to  permit  me  to  appear  for  the  United  States.  But  it  was  their 
own  reason,  and  I  am  obliged  to  them  for  this  obtuseness.  There  is 
a  mighty  harvest  there,  and  their  reapers  are  many ;  but  their  sickles 
are  Lilliputian.  There  is  but  one  Brobdignag  scythe  in  the  field, — 
and  that  is  Pinkney's. 

I  wish  I  may  not  always  regret  your  having  been  so  easily  repulsed 
from  Baltimore.  Mr.  Smith  spoke  to  me  about  it  again,  and  I  think 
you  might  still  be  admitted. 

I  was  advised  to  form  a  partnership  with  some  young  man  there, — 
agreeing  to  be  called  in,  as  a  partner,  only  in  great  cases  —  but^  to 
have  it  understood  that  I  was  always  open  to  consultation  with  him, 
even  in  minor  ones.  It  was  said  that  such  a  partnership  would  be 
of  great  advantage  to  any  young  man  there,  and  of  advantage,  also, 
to  me.  I  took  time  to  think  of  it; — but  I  have  never  thought  of  it 
since  without  thinking  of  you.     Are  you  fixed  ? 

I  do  not  feel  myself  at  liberty  to  dcposite  the  materials  from  which 
I  drew  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry  with  the  Philosophical  Society. 
The  communications  were  private  and  confidential.  In  several  in- 
stances, things  are  conjecturally  stated,  which  I  have  not  used; 
rumours  are  sometimes  'given  to  the  disadvantage  of  Henry,  which 
are  elsewhere  refuted ;  —  opinions  are  expressed  to  his  disadvantage 
by  some,  and  overthrown  by  a  large  majority  of  voices.  In  these 
instances,  my  correspondents  would  certainly  not  like  to  have  their 
communications  given  to  the  world.  I  in\ated  the  utmost  freedom 
of  correspondence,  under  a  promise  of  confidence,  —  and  I  cannot 
violate  it. 

Pope's  communications  I  would  deposite ;  but,  in  a  few  years,  they 
would  be  alleged  to  have  been  my  whole  data  —  all  the  rest  of  my 
book  would  be  charged  to  be  fiction :  —  I  am  constrained,  therefore, 
to  decline  this  invitation. 

JNIr.  Meriwether  has  forwarded  from  Philadelphia  a  volume  of  the 
Philosophical  Transactions,  which  is  now  sent  on  to  you.  Mrs.  W. 
desires  to  be  kindly  remembered,  as  do  the  children,  and  I  am,  as  ever, 

Your  affectionate  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Mr.  Adams,  it  seems,  had  now  published  the  letters  which  he  had 
written  to  Mr.  Wirt,  on  the  revolutionary  question  raised  by  the 
Biography  of  Henry.  This  publication,  I  presume,  was  made  in  the 
newspapers.  In  referring  to  this  fact,  in  a  letter  to  Carr  of  the  2Gth 
of  June,  Wirt  makes  an  explanation  which  it  is  proper  to  notice  here. 
Alluding  to  the  Ex-President,  he  says,  —  "  He  has  entirely  mistaken 
the  point  of  honour  claimed  for  Henry.     You  perceive  that  he  has 


Chaf.  IV.] 


WIRT  AND  PINKNEY. 


directed  Lis  efforts  to  show  that  the  principles  of  the  Revolution 
were  not  started  by  Henry.  Tliis  I  never  pretended.  On  the  con- 
trary, I  have  shown  that  the  same  principles  had  been  advanced  the 
preceding  year,  by  the  memorial,  &c.,  of  the  Virginia  House  of  Bur- 
gesses. What  is  claimed  for  Henry  is,  that  all  that  was  said  or  done, 
before  the  passage  of  the  Stamp  Act,  was  by  way  of  prevention  merely, 
and  that,  in  the  Virginia  House  of  Burgesses,  at  least,  it  was  done  by 
men  who  showed  that  they  meant  to  go  no  farther  at  that  time. 
"Whereas,  Henry's  resolutions,  instead  of  being  a  mere  measure  of 
prevention,  was  a  measure  of  resistance  to  the  act  after  it  had  passed, 
and  was  the  Jirst  measure  of  resistance,  too. 

"  This  explanation  I  mean  to  give  Mr.  Adams,  with  the  most  per- 
fect respect,  and  with  my  thanks  for  the  publication  of  his  letters.  In 
the  appendix  to  the  next  edition,  I  think  I  shall  publish  his  letters  as 
well  as  mine.     The  third  edition,  I  presume,  is  out  by  this  time." 

No  further  edition  of  the  Sketches  ever  appeared,  as  the  reader 
has  already  been  apprised. 

The  door  of  the  courts  of  jMaryland  having  been  opened  to  him 
upon  the  occasion  of  the  government  trials,  the  Attorney-General 
now  became  a  frequent  practitioner  in  the  city  of  Baltimore,  and  in 
the  Court  of  Appeals  at  Annapolis.  On  this  new  theatre,  it  was  his 
fortune  often  to  hold  encounter  with  his  great  rival  and  predecessor 
in  office,  Mr.  Pinkney.  During  a  very  oppressive  season  in  August 
of  this  year,  we  find  him  engaged  in  a  tedious  cause  in  the  County 
Court  at  Baltimore,  in  which  he  made  his  first  essay  on  this  forum. 

"You  cannot  conceive,"  —  he  writes  to  Mrs.  Wirt, —  "how  sick 
I  am  of  this  place,  and  how  tired  of  this  cause.  When  I  shall  get 
away,  Heaven  only  knows.  Purviance  spoke  the  whole  of  yesterday, 
and  goes  on  again  to-morrow.  Pinkney  told  me  yesterday,  he  would 
refund  his  whole  fee  and  advance  an  equal  sum  from  his  pocket,  to 
have  the  reply  on  me  in  this  case.  I  told  him  I  would  not  give  six- 
pence for  any  position  in  the  cause  whatever :  for  we  were  to  be  seve- 
ral years  before  the  public,  in  the  ordinary  course  of  human  events, 
and  that  it  was  not  by  the  triumpli  in  a  single  cause  that  we  were  to 
be  judged  :  and  that,  moreover,  he  knew  very  well  I  had  no  preten- 
sions to  the  peculiar  qualities  of  speaking  which  had  made  him  dis- 
tinguished," &c.   &c. 

Vol.  II.— 7 


74 


LETTER  TO  GILMER. 


[1818. 


Two  days  afterwards,  —  August  12,  —  he  writes:  "This  intermin- 
able desert !  The  waste  of  Sahara  is  not  more  boundless  and  hot, 
desolate  and  barren !  Pinkney  commenced  his  siDeeeh  to-day,  and 
spoke  throughout  it.     He  goes  on  again  to-morrow;  then  Luther 

Martin ;  then  I. Pinkney  has  given  us  his  strength  to-day.    He 

is  really  a  fine  creature  in  his  profession :  has  a  fertile  and  noble 
mind. 1  was  never  in  so  bad  a  humour  to  make  a  springing  exer- 
tion; but  I  shall  make  it." 

In  a  letter  to  Pope,  dated  October  13th,  he  says : 
"  I  expect  to  go  to  Baltimore  again  early  next  month,  and  to  have 
another  grapple  with  Glendower  Pinkney.  '  The  blood  more  stirs,' 
you  know,  '  to  rouse  the  lion  than  to  start  the  hare.'  A  debate  with 
Pinkney  is  exercise  and  health.  I  should  like  to  see  you  on  his 
weather-bow.  I  verily  believe  you  coiild  laugh  him  out  of  court ;  but 
as  for  me,  I  am  obliged  to  see  him  out  in  hard  blows.  With  all  his 
fame,  I  have  encountered  men  who  hit  harder.  I  find  much  pleasure 
in  meeting  him.  His  reputation  is  so  high  that  there  is  no  dispar- 
agement in  being  foiled  by  him,  and  great  glory  in  even  dividing  the 
palm.  To  foil  him  in  fair  fight,  and  in  the  face  of  the  United  States, 
— on  his  01071  theatre^  too, — would  be  a  crown  so  imperishable,  that  I 
feel  a  kind  of  youthful  pleasure  in  preparing  for  the  combat.  This 
is  just  the  true  state  of  feeling  with  which  I  am  about  to  enter  on  the 
practice  with  him." 

These  extracts  give  us  some  insight  into  the  eager  spirit  of  emula- 
tion with  which  Wirt  came  into  that  field  which  the  genius  of  Pinkney 
had  so  strongly  pre-occupicd.  We  shall  find  it  both  amusing  and 
instructive  to  note  with  what  steady  resolve  and  ardour  of  preparation 
that  rivalry  was  maintained  throughout  the  professional  association  of 
these  two  di.stinguishcd  men,  from  that  time  forth.  We  have  now 
another  letter  to  Gilmer  in  the  usual  strain  of  advice.  Here  are  some 
portions  of  it  worth  perusal : 

TO   FRANCIS  W.   GILMER. 

Washington,  November  2,  1818. 
My  Dear  Francis: 

****** 
*JVe  fesllnas  ad  divitias,''  or  locvpklari, — I  forget  which, — was 
one  of  the  sayings  of  one  of  the  wise  men  of  old,  to  which  I  do  not 


Chap.  IV.] 


DIRECTIONS  FOR  STUDY. 


75 


subscribe,  unless  a  man  be  in  such  a  hurry  as  to  forget  his  principles 
or  the  circumspection  and  safety  of  his  measures.  To  a  man  who  has 
his  eye  upon  the  race  of  glory,  wealth  is  desirable  in  early  life,  because 
it  puts  his  mind  at  ease  and  leaves  him  light  and  free  for  the  course. 
I  wish,  therefore,  that  you  had  an  independence.  You  might  then 
shape  your  course  ad  libitum.  I  cannot  think  the  trammels  of 
poverty  very  favourable  to  one's  ascent  up  the  rugged  steep  on  which 
Fame  has  thought  proper  to  build  her  temple,  or  the  poets  have 
thought  proper  to  build  it  for  her.  Very  poor  men  have,  indeed, 
rendered  themselves  famous;  but  their  lives  have  been  miserable, 
and  their  fame  chiefly  posthumous.  Why  should  not  a  man  be 
both  rich  and  ftimous,  if  he  can  ?  I  see  no  incompatibility  in  this. 
There  may  be  danger  that  wealth  may  make  a  man  indolent.  This 
depends  on  the  constitution  of  the  character.  The  sting  of  genius 
may  be  as  operative  an  impulse  as  the  pinch  of  necessity.  For  myself, 
I  am  very  sure  that  had  I  been  at  ease  in  point  of  fortune  from  the 
year  180*3,  I  should  have  been  a  very  different  man  in  point  of  fame, 
from  what  I  am  ever  likely  to  be  as  it  is.  Now,  I  have  no  hope,  ex- 
cept to  be  able  to  pass  my  old  age  in  independence  and  comparative 
obscurity ;  which,  let  me  tell  you,  is  rather  a  melancholy  sort  of  con- 
solation to  my  feelings.  So,  you  have  my  mind  on  the  subject  of 
growing  rich. 

******* 
It  would  do  you  no  harm  to  study  Lord  IMansfield's  mode  of  man- 
aging nice  legal  questions.  Read  Burrows  and  the  last  volumes  of 
the  Term  Reports,  as  also  Cowper  and  Douglass,  with  a  philosophic 
eye  to  the  arguments  both  of  the  bench  and  the  bar.  Direct  your 
chief  aim  to  acquire  a  reputation  for  deep  and  correct  thinking,  leaving 
eloquence  to  shift  for  itself,  and  seeking  merely  to  convey  your  ideas 
in  the  most  simple,  perspicuous  and  apposite  language.  There  is  a 
happy  specimen  of  this  style  of  argument  in  Home  Tooke's  defence 
of  himself  in  the  IModern  State  Trials.  It  is  as  simple  and  clear  as 
water  from  the  rock :  the  language  exactly  conveys  the  thought,  with- 
out overlapping  or  falling  short  a  hair's  breadth.  There  is  not  a  word 
in  it  that  is  not  very  common,  and  yet  the  purity  and  precision  create  a 
charm  incalculably  superior  to  the  cloj-ing  luxuriance  of  Irish  oratory. 
An  argument  delivered  in  this  style,  marked  by  learned  research, 
vigorous  discrimination,  wide  comprehension,  and  by  strong  and 
correct  judgment,  will  distinguish  you  at  once  as  a  grp.at  man, — a 
compliment  never  paid  to  the  mere  man  of  fancy.  Be  not  in  haste 
to  raise  the  superstructure  of  your  oratory.  This  was  my  fault.  For 
want  of  better  advice,  /  hecran  my  building  at  the  top,  and  it  will 
remain  a  castle  in  the  air  till  the  end  of  time.  The  advantage  of  the 
training  I  am  pressing  on  you, — for  the  fortieth  time,  I  believe, — was 
strikingly  illustrated  in  the  instances  of  3Iarshall  and  Campbell. 
"  From  what  I  have  heard  of  Campbell,  I  believe  that,  for  mere 


76  A  MISUNDERSTANDING.  [1818. 

eloquence,  his  equal  has  never  heen  seen  in  the  United  States.  He 
and  the  Chief  Justice  went  to  Philadelphia  to  argue  a  cause  which 
turned  on  the  constitutionality  of  the  carnage  tax.  It  was  somewhere 
about  1795  or  1796.  They  were  opposed  by  Hamilton,  Lewis,  and 
others.  Campbell  played  off  all  his  Apollonian  airs ;  but  they  were 
lost.  Marshall  spoke,  as  he  always  does,  to  the  judgment  merely, 
and  for  the  simple  purpose  of  convincing.  Marshall  was  justly  pro- 
nounced one  of  the  greatest  men  of  the  country :  he  was  followed  by 
crowds,  looked  upon,  and  courted  with  every  evidence  of  admiration 
and  respect  for  the  great  powers  of  his  mind.  Campbell  was  neglected 
and  slighted,  and  came  home  in  disgust.  Marshall's  maxim  seems 
alwa^'s  to  have  been,  '  aim  exclusively  at  strength ;'  and  from  his 
eminent  success,  I  say,  if  I  had  my  life  to  go  over  again,  I  would 
practise  on  his  maxim  with  the  most  rigorous  severity,  until  the  cha- 
racter of  my  mind  was  established.  But  I  would  woo  the  Graces  in 
secret,  all  the  while,  and,  at  a  proper  time,  come  out  with  that  due 
mixture  of  reason,  imagination  and  feeling,  of  which  the  strongest 
eloquence  consists,  —  giving  always  a  preponderance  to  reason,  so  as 
never  to  lose,  nor  even  jeopard/ze  (with  Mr.  Pinkney's  leave,*)  the 
more  firm  and  durable  character  I  had  previously  gained.  You  see, 
you  are  in  no  danger  of  losing  the  benefit  of  my  lectures.  I  am  sure 
they  can  do  you  no  good,  for  I  can  say  nothing  on  the  subject  which 
has  not  occurred  to  you  before.  But  if  it  serve  no  other  purpose,  I 
hope  it  will  satisfy  you,  at  least,  of  the  warm  interest  I  take  in  your 
success." 

It  is  proper  to  notice  here,  that,  in  a  trial  which  took  place  in  Bal- 
timore in  the  early  part  of  this  year,  a  misunderstanding  arose  between 
Mr.  Wirt  and  JMr.  Pinkuey,  which  produced  some  sharp  passages  be- 
tween them,  the  consequences  of  which  were,  for  a  time,  regarded 
with  painful  interest  by  their  friends.  A  demand  for  an  explanation 
was  made  by  Mr.  Wirt,  and  a  short  correspondence  ensued,  which, 
happily,  led  the  way  to  an  adjustment  in  every  respect  honourable  to 
both.  The  counsel  of  discreet  friends,  and  the  good  sense  of  the 
principal  parties  themselves,  averted  a  conflict  which  could  not  have 
occurred  without  bringing  upon  the  actors  in  it  a  large  amount  of 
public  reprobation.  The  resort  to  the  duel  is  bad  enough  in  hot- 
headed and  thoughtless  youth,  in  whom  an  unripe  judgment  or  the 
foolish  sway  of  passion  is  supposed  to  mitigate  the  enormity  of  the 


*  Mr.  Pinkney's  aversion  lo  this  substitute  for  the  more  genuine  word 
"jeopard"  was  well  known,  and  frequently  furnished  a  point  of  criticism 
to  the  bar. 


Chap.  IV.] 


BIOGRAPHY  OF  LIVING  PERSONS. 


77 


crime ;  but  in  mature  and  reflecting  manhood,  -which  should  disdain 
the  frivolity  of  peevish  anger,  and  the  vulgar  afiectation  of  refinement 
in  false  honour,  and  especially  when  this  concurs  with  high  rank  and 
responsible  station,  —  themselves  implying  a  pledge  to  the  world  to 
give  examples  of  conduct  for  study  and  imitation,  —  it  cannot  but  be 
reo-arded  as  the  tyranny  of  a  most  wicked  custom  which  can  force  such 
men  to  this  worst  of  all  arbitrements.  At  the  time  to  which  this 
event  refers,  this  tyranny  of  custom  swayed  the  society  of  IMaryland 
with  a  dominion  too  absolute  for  the  resistance  even  of  such  men  as 
those.  Public  opinion,  we  are  happy  to  believe,  has,  since  that  day, 
visibly  taken  its  ply  in  the  opposite  direction ;  and  we  may  hope  that 
the  true  moral  of  social  duty  is  fast  attaining  that  influence  which 
shall  confer  dignity  and  applause  upon  the  virtue  that  fears  no  shame 
so  much  as  it  fears  the  crime  of  breaking  the  law  of  God  and  man. 

I  conclude  this  chapter  with  a  letter  which  expresses  a  sentiment 
in  entire  harmony  with  the  general  conduct  of  the  writer,  and  charac- 
teristic of  his  aversion  from  all  ostentatious  exhibition  of  himself  to 
the  public.  Its  remarks  upon  the  difficulty  of  writing  biography  in 
the  true  spirit  of  justice  to  the  subject,  will  meet  a  ready  assent  from 
the  reader. 


TO    JOSEPH    DEL  A  PLAINS,    Philadelphia. 


Dear  Sir  ; 


Washingto.v,  November  5,  1818. 


I  have  just  received  youi-  letter  of  the  2d  instant,  and  am  very  sen 
sible  of  the  compliment  you  pay  me  in  supposing  my  portrait  worthy 
of  a  place  on  the  walls  of  your  National  Gallery.  But  even  if  I  could 
bring  myself  to  believe  that  I  had  any  claim  to  such  a  distinction,  I 
could  not  accede  to  your  proposal,  in  its  present  form  ;  for  there  would 
still  be,  in  my  view  of  the  subject,  a  morbid  vanity  and  ostentation 
in  paying  for  a  place  among  your  portraits,  at  which  both  my  judg- 
ment and  feelings  revolt.  To  solicit  an  honour,  is  and  has  ever  been 
contrary  to  my  notions  of  delicacy ;  but  to  pay  for  one,  would  be  far 
more  intolerable  to  me  than  total  and  never-ending  obscurity.  It 
would  indicate  a  sickly  and  over-weening  anxiety  for  the  public  gaze, 
which  I  never  felt,  and  to  the  imputation  of  which  I  cannot  consent 
to  subject  myself  I  hope,  therefore,  you  will  excuse  me  for  declining 
your  proposal. 

I  thank  you  for  your  compliment  to  my  Patrick  Henry,  and  am 
glad  to  learn  that  we  are  to  have  the  thu-d  half  volume  of  the  lleposi- 


7* 


78  DELAPLAINE'S  NATIONAL  PORTRAITS.  [1818. 

tory  in  a  few  days.  Will  you  give  me  leave  to  make  one  confidential 
suggestion  on  the  subject  of  this  work  ?  I  doubt  extremely  the  pro- 
priety of  publishing  biographies  of  living  characters :  for,  inasmuch 
as  no  man  has  ever  been  faultless  throughout  his  life,  such  a  biogi-aphy 
must  either  inflict  unauthorized  pain,  or  offend  against  historical  vera- 
city by  suppressing  the  truth.  I  was  applied  to,  some  time  since, 
to  furnish  a  biographical  sketch  of  the  present  Chief  Justice  of  the 
United  States,  for  another  work.  I  had  not  time  for  the  work ;  but 
if  I  had  had  ever  so  much,  I  would  not  have  undertaken  it,  because  I 
once  heard  him  utter  a  sentiment  on  this  subject,  which  I  am  sure  is 
that  of  every  man  who  has  just  pretensions  to  modesty  and  delicacy — 
'•  I  hope  to  God  they  will  let  me  alone  till  I  am  dead."  Your  biog- 
raphies are  censured  as  being  too  flattering  representations.  The 
characters,  it  is  said,  are  such  characters  as  never  did  and  never  will 
live  —  for,  they  are  all  angelic  purity.  And  it  will  be  exceedingly 
difficult  to  avoid  this  imputation  as  long  as  you  deal  in  living  subjects. 
You  may  show  the  bright  side  of  the  character,  truly  :  but  you  cannot 
show  the  sombre  strokes  that  shade  it,  without  giving  more  pain  than 
a  kind  spirit  is  disposed  to  inflict.  And  if  you  hold  up  a  perfect 
model  to  your  readers,  you  will  lose  that  confidence  in  your  represent- 
ations, without  which  an  historian  cannot  live.  You  see  what  has 
been  said  of  my  Sketches  of  Henry.  Some  of  the  reviewers  treat  it 
as  a  romance  —  and  yet  I  have  introduced  into  it  every  charge,  both 
against  his  public  and  private  character,  I  have  ever  heard.  Still  it 
is  censured,  as  attributing  to  him  a  perfection  of  character  which  is 
utterly  incompatible  with  human  frailty  —  and  whether  this  impres- 
sion, although  erroneous  in  point  of  fact,  may  not  ultimately  put  an 
end  to  the  circulation  of  the  work,  it  is  impossible  to  predict. 

But  are  not  your  biographies  in  still  greater  danger?  Are  not 
your  heroes  still  more  faultless  than  mine '/  I  make  this  suggestion 
through  good  will  to  your  work,  for  I  wish  it  to  succeed.  If  it  had 
no  other  merit  than  that  of  preserving  correct  likenesses  of  distin- 
guished men,  it  would  still  be  highly  worthy  of  the  public  patronage ; 
and  if,  in  addition  to  this,  it  may,  in  times  to  come,  be  appealed  to, 
as  an  authentic  collection  of  biographical  facts  and  characters,  you 
will  be  justly  entitled,  I  think,  to  a  place  among  the  fu-st  literary 
benefactors  of  our  country. 

I  am,  dear  sir,  &c., 

Wm.  "Wibt. 


CHAPTER    V. 
1819. 

PRACTICE  IN  THE  SUPREME  COURT.  —  THE  CASE  OF  m'cULLOCH 

AND  THE  STATE  OF  MARYLAND. THE  DARTMOUTH  COLLEGE 

CASE. INCREASE  OF  REPUTATION. LETTERS  TO  CARR,  POPE, 

AND  MRS.  SMITH. 

During  the  first  term  of  tlic  Supreme  Court,  after  Mr.  Wirt's 
appointment  to  the  post  of  Attorney-General,  —  the  term  -which  com- 
menced in  February,  1818,  —  he  argued  but  few  cases,  and  those  of 
a  character  which  were  not  calculated  to  attract  public  attention.  The 
succeeding  term  of  the  Court  was  one  of  great  interest  to  the  country, 
from  the  importance  of  the  causes  which  were  brought  before  it ;  and 
of  not  less  concern  to  the  reputation  of  the  xVttorney-General,  for  the 
part  assigned  to  him  in  the  argument  of  constitutional  questions  of  the 
highest  significance  both  in  our  political  and  juridical  history. 

This  period  may  be  considered  as  that  of  the  entrance  of  Mr.  Wirt 
upon  the  highest  level  of  his  professional  march.  We  have  seen  him 
toiling  upward,  from  plane  to  plane  in  this  career,  with  a  sturdy  and 
buoyant  step  that  never  faltered  or  fell  back;  making  good  the 
ground  he  had  gained,  by  diligent  study  and  solid  accumulation  of 
strength ;  —  animated  by  the  good  opinion  of  friends,  and  still  more 
persuaded  to  his  ever-present  task,  by  a  cheerful  and  sanguine  ambi- 
tion which  threw  a  pleasant  ray  of  hope  over  every  labour.  He  had 
now  arrived  at  that  stage  in  his  journey,  when  the  next  step  was  to 
plant  his  foot  upon  the  summit  whose  dazzling  beauties,  in  a  remote 
perspective,  had  lured  the  eye  of  his  youth,  and  whose  sunny  radiance 
now  not  less  warmed  the  fancy  of  his  Angorous  manhood.  In  such  a 
career  of  thoughtful  and  persevering  eifort,  —  where  the  student, 
exacting  nothing  from  fortune,  and  seeking  no  conquest  but  that 
which  is  won  by  dint  of  intellect,  occupies  no  ground  that  does  not 
fairly  become  his  own  by  the  title  of  honourable  industry, — it  seldom 

(79) 


80  IMPORTANT   CAUSES.  [1819. 

falls  out  that  the  reality  is  less  attractive  than  the  expectation,  or  that 
the  performance  achieved  does  not  answer  to  the  promise  which  first 
stimulated  endeavour.  Unlike  the  gaudy  shows  of  a  false  ambition, 
whose  glitter  is  discerned  to  be  but  tinsel  when  the  aspirant  ap- 
proaches his  goal,  the  fame  that  is  earned  by  the  diligent  and  honest 
use  of  the  godlike  faculties  of  mind,  sparkles  with  richer  lustre  as  its 
object  comes  nearer  to  view,  and  sheds  a  divine  content  into  the  heart, 
which  no  dreamings,  when  afar  off,  can  over-colour  or  exaggerate. 

The  term  of  1819  is  distinguished,  in  the  annals  of  the  Supreme 
Court,  by  the  occurrence  of  two  cases  of  more  than  ordinary  weight, 
as  connected  with  the  political  affairs  of  the  nation :  the  decisions  in 
these  cases  have  become  precedents  in  the  establishment  —  as  far  as 
the  highest  judicial  tribunal  can  establish  any  thing  —  of  some  of  the 
most  momentous  principles  of  our  government.  I  allude  to  the  case 
of  McCulloch  against  the  State  of  IMaryland,  and  that  of  the  Dart- 
mouth College  against  AVoodward. 

In  the  first  of  these,  the  great  question  of  the  constitutionality  of 
a  Bank  of  the  United  States,  was,  for  the  first  tinie,  submitted  to  the 
decision  of  the  Supreme  Judiciary  of  the  Union.  In  the  second,  a 
question  of  scarcely  inferior  moment,  —  the  in\dolability  of  charters 
and  their  protection  by  the  power  of  the  Federal  Government, — was, 
in  like  manner,  the  subject  of  discussion  and  decision. 

The  Attorney-Greneral  was  retained  in  both :  in  the  first,  by  the 
government,  in  support  of  the  Bank ;  —  in  the  second,  by  the  defend- 
ant, against  the  College. 

I  do  not  intend  even  to  give  an  outline  of  these  trials.  Nor, 
indeed,  is  it  my  purpose,  in  this  narrative,  to  encumber  its  pages  with 
the  particulars  which  belong  to  Mr.  Wirt's  professional  career,  either 
in  his  official  or  private  engagements.  Such  a  labour  would  be  found 
only  to  fatigue  the  reader  who  takes  no  interest  in  the  proceedings  of 
courts  of  law,  whilst  it  would  necessarily  afford  but  little  gratification 
to  those  whose  habitual  perusal  of  the  volumes  of  our  reporters  have 
rendered  them  fiuniliar  with  the  cases  argued  by  the  Attorney-General. 

In  what  I  may  select,  therefore,  for  casual  notice,  I  shall  be  guided 
chiefly  by  the  duty  of  exhibiting  the  subject  of  my  memoirs  in  his 
connection  with  trials  and  decisions  which  have  interest  for  the  public 
at  large,  or  which  may  serve  to  illustrate  the  more  striking  features 


Chap.  V.] 


THE   ATTORNEY-GENERAL. 


81 


of  his  mind.  In  the  performance  of  this  duty,  I  shall  not  forget  the 
propriety  of  making  my  reference  as  brief  as  the  occasion  may  allow. 

In  the  case  of  McCulloch  against  the  State  of  Maryland,  Wirt 
found  himself  surrounded  by  the  mo«t  eminent  and  powerful  talents 
of  the  nation.  On  the  side  of  the  plaintiiF,  in  this  cause,  Webster 
and  Pinkney  were  his  associates.  They  were  opposed  by  JMartin, 
Jones  and  Hopkinson.  An  array  of  names  more  distinguished  iu 
the  field  of  American  jurisprudence,  we  may  say,  without  disparage- 
ment to  the  reputation  of  the  most  celebrated  men  of  the  national 
bar,  has  never  been  presented  iu  any  case  in  the  country.  The 
tribunal  itself  was,  at  that  day,  the  centre  of  all  observation,  for  its 
august  power,  dignity  and  public  trust,  —  '^  a  holy  sanctuary," — a 
"  more  than  Amphictyonic  council,"  —  as  Mr.  Pinkney  described  it 
in  his  speech  on  the  occasion.  The  chief  question  at  issue  in  the 
cause,  was  one  which  had  perplexed  the  gravest  minds;  had  even 
then  been  interwoven  into  the  party  politics  of  the  country;  and 
though  decided  by  the  most  authoritative  political  organs,  had  not 
yet  passed  through  the  crucible  of  investigation  in  this  high  national 
court. 

In  such  a  cause  as  this,  at  such  a  time,  we  may  suppose  the  new 
Attorney-General  would  draw  upon  himself  a  close  and  curious  obser- 
vation. They  who  stood  upon  the  same  professional  level  with  him, 
might  be  expected  to  criticise  his  efforts  with  the  severity  of  rivals. 
His  especial  friends  would  regard  him  with,  perhaps,  an  exaggerated 
favour.  The  public  spectators  would  be  variously  influenced  by  their 
personal  or  political  aflSuities  or  prejudices.  A  small  number  of  judi- 
cious and  impartial  observers  would  decide  upon  his  forensic  character 
according  to  its  merits.  Amongst  them  all,  there  was  not  one  who 
would  be  likely  to  pass  a  more  rigid  judgment  upon  the  proceeding, 
than  Wirt  himself.  With  the  simplicity  and  trustfulness  of  an  in- 
genuous youth  not  yet  emancipated  from  his  college  walls,  the  Attor- 
ney-General entered  that  exciting  arena,  and,  having  done  his  duty 
there,  spoke  out,  we  doubt  not,  with  equal  freedom,  his  exultation  at 
what  he  thought  commendable  in  his  performance,  and  his  confession 
of  whatever  he  conceived  to  be  his  defects,  —  a  point  upon  which  we 
have  frequently  seen  that  he  exercised  no  unsparing  censure.  Keenly 
alive  to  applause,  as  every  one  acquainted  with  him  knew  him  to  be, 

F 


82  PINKNEY,  WEBSTER  AND  WIRT.  D819. 

uo  man  was  ever  moved  by  a  more  sincere  and  modest  temper  of  self- 
criticism  than  he. 

Mr.  Pinkney's  speech  on  this  trial,  has  the  reputation  of  being  one 
of  his  best.  Strong,  certainly,  it  was ;  if  the  applause  of  the  day,  or 
the  memory  of  those  present,  is  to  be  trusted  for  its  report.  Mr. 
Wheaton  has  been  able  to  furnish,  in  his  biography  of  Mr.  Pinkney, 
a  more  full  and  characteristic  transcript  of  this  speech  than  he  thought 
it  necessary  to  supply  in  his  official  report  of  the  case,  and  thus  has 
given  it  an  advantage  over  those  both  of  Mr.  Webster  and  Mr.  Wirt. 
It  is  distinguished  for  its  perspicacity,  its  comprehensive  and  philoso- 
phic view  of  the  subject,  its  clear  and  accurate  logic,  and  for  the  con- 
vincing power  with  which  it  sustains  its  propositions. 

Of  the  speeches  of  Mr.  Webster,  who  opened  the  cause,  and  of  Mr. 
Wirt,  who  followed  Mr.  Hopkinson,  we  have  but  mere  sketches,  in- 
tended only  to  present  the  points  to  which  their  arguments  were 
directed,  with  such  brief  illustration  as  is  usually  to  be  found  in  a 
report  for  the  use  of  the  profession.  We  cannot,  therefore,  without 
injustice,  compare  these  sketches  with  that  more  complete  impression 
which  Mr.  Wheaton  has  preserved  of  the  speech  of  their  renowned 
colleague. 

In  the  Dartmouth  College  case,  the  Attorney-General  was  associated 
with  Mr.  Holmes :  their  opponents  were  Messrs.  Webster  and  Hop- 
kinson, who  appeared  for  the  plaintiffs  in  error  —  the  College. 

Mr.  Webster's  argument  in  this  case  has  the  same  advantage  that 
Pinkney's  had  in  the  former,  —  that  of  being  more  fully  reported. 
Like  that,  it  overshadows  the  other  speeches  in  the  cause,  and  is 
memorable  for  its  great  power,  and  full  and  learned  discussion  of  the 
subject. 

Of  Wirt's  argument  in  each  of  these  cases,  it  is  suflScient  to  say, 
that  it  fully  justified  public  expectation,  and  answered  to  the  high 
estimate  which  had  been  made  of  his  abilities.  It  is,  perhaps,  still 
more  in  praise  of  these  arguments  to  add,  that  they  satisfied  himself. 
In  a  letter  written  by  Mr.  Webster  from  Boston,  soon  after  these 
trials,  to  Mr.  Wirt,  in  speaking  of  the  College  case,  which  had  excited 
a  special  interest  in  New  England, — and  particularly  of  Wirt's  argu- 
ment, —  he  remarks :  "  It  is  the  universal  opinion  in  this  quarter, 
amongst  all  who  have  inquired  or  heard  about  the  cause,  that  that 


Chap.  V.]  LETTER  TO  CARR.  83 

argument  was  a  full,  able  and  most  eloquent  exposition  of  the  rights 
of  the  defendant.  I  will  add  that,  in  my  opinion,  no  future  discus- 
sion of  the  questions  involved  in  the  cause,  either  at  the  bar  or  ou 
the  bench,  will  bring  forth,  on  the  part  of  the  defendant,  any  im- 
portant idea  which  was  not  argued,  expanded  and  pressed  in  the 
argument  alluded  to." 

These  cases  have  now  been  enrolled  amongst  the  highest  judicial 
precedents  of  the  country,  as  establishing,  in  the  first,  the  constitu- 
tionality of  a  national  bank,  and  its  immunity  from  the  taxing  power 
of  the  States ;  and  in  the  second,  the  point,  that  an  act  of  incorpora- 
tion by  a  State,  in  certain  conditions,  possesses  the  character  of  a 
contract,  which  it  is  the  duty  of  the  Federal  Government  to  protect 
from  infringement  by  State  legislation. 

We  may  note  that  the  Attorney-General  was  on  "  the  winning  side," 
in  the  first  case,  but  not  so  fortunate  in  the  second. 

I  now  turn,  once  more,  from  these  subjects  of  public  interest,  to 
others  of  more  social  aspect,  and  close  my  memoranda  of  this  year 
with  the  letters  which  follow. 

TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Washington,  October  12,  1819. 
Mr  Dear  Friend  : 

I  am  much  obliged  to  you  for  your  kind  abuse  of  the  10th,  and 
wish  I  could  provoke  you  so  to  abuse  me  often. 

******* 

No,  my  friend,  in  the  light  in  which  you  regard  the  subject  I  ought 
not  to  complain.  The  portion  of  fame,  small  as  it  is,  which  I  have 
acquired,  is  more  than  I  have  deserved  by  my  own  conduct.  It  has 
been  gnatched  by  a  few  desultory  capers,  in  sport,  and  not  earned  by 
any  steady  and  systematic  exertion ;  and,  even  in  this  light,  I  am 
provoked  at  myself,  when  I  consider  that  what  I  have  gained,  and 
the  way  in  which  I  have  gained  it,  proves  only  how  much  more  might 
have  been  gained  by  a  proper  use  of  my  time.  I  have  done  nothing 
that  deserves  the  name  of  exertion  even  in  reference  to  fame.  In 
short,  I  have  been  a  lazy,  worthless  rascal,  and  do  not  deserve  the 
thousandtli  part  of  the  good  fortune  I  have  had.  Now,  I  think  were 
I  able  to  leave  the  bar  and  fly  to  literature,  I  have  still  youth  and 
spirits  enough  to  produce  some  work  that  should  have  sufficient  weight 
of  worth  to  last  to  after  times.  But  it  is  a  poor  business  to  be  stand- 
ing on  the  shore  of  life  and  sighing  at  the  retrospect  of  abused  and 


84  SELF-REPROACHES.  [1819. 

squandered  time,  or  wasting  the  soul  in  unavailing  wishes  for  a  change 
of  situation  which  mere  wishes  never  did  and  never  can  hring  about. 

I  am  amused,  however,  when  I  see  people  looking  at  me,  here,  in 
the  place  of  my  origin,  and  almost  hearing  them  think  and  say  to 
their  children,  "  See,  now,  what  a  man  can  do  by  good  conduct  and 
an  industrious  applicalion  to  business  :  that  man,  who  is,  now,  the 
first  law  oiEcer  of  the  United  States,  was,  a  few  years  ago,  a  poor, 
obscure  boy,  without  fortune,  friends  or  patron ;  yet  see  to  what  a 
height  he  has  raised  himself— go  thou  and  do  likewise."     Good  eon- 
duc't  and  an  industrious  application  to  business  ! !    What  a  satire  do  I 
feel  it !     God  only  knows  how  and  why  I  have  been  thus  shoved  and 
pushed  along  in  life.     I  declare  to  you,  in  the  sincerity  of  my  soul, 
and  not  from  any  weak  and  foolish  disposition  to  fish  for  compliments, 
that  I  consider  the  unmerited  good  fortune  I  have  experienced  in  life, 
as  one  among  the  strongest  arguments  of  an  over-ruling  Providence, 
and  as  being,  in  truth,  a  deep  reproach  on  my  indiscretion  and  indo- 
lence ;  for,  as  to  good  conduct,  I  have  acted  with  the  most  careless 
and  daring  indifference  to  the  opinion  of  the  world ;  and,  as  to  appli- 
cation to  business,  I  can  ti-uly  say  that  I  never  studied  any  one  thing 
in  my  life.     I  have  lived  at  random ;  reading  from  amusement  or 
curiosity,  or  occasional  necessity,  and,  therefore,  never  mastering  any- 
thing— and  labouring  at  nothing,  except  to  conceal  my  ignorance  from 
the  world.    You  know  me  well  enough  to  know  that  this  is  the  truth, 
and,  therefore,  can  judge  whether  it  is  in  my  nature  to  derive  much 
pleasure  from  my  mite  of  literary  reputation  and  the  way  in  which  I 
have  gained  it.     Yet,  only  read  the  enclosed  letters,  and  would  you 
not  be  half  inclined  (if  you  did  not  know  me,)  to  suppose  me  the 
Mjccenas  of  this  Augustan  age  ?    It  is  with  a  hea^7  heart,  I  confess, 
that  I  take  this  view  of  the  subject,  and  when  I  look  at  Monroe  and 
Crawford,  and  see  and  hear  them,  I  am  made  still  more  &-ad.     They 
have  earned  their  fame  by  hard  knocks,  and  deserve  to  stand  where 
they  are.     They  are  well  informed  on  all  the  subjects  they  have  to 
manage.     has,  by  mining,  and  diving,  and  working,  and  by  in- 
defatigable practice,  overcome  the  original  dulness,  and  sloth,  and 
confusion,  and  inaccuracy  of  his  understanding,  and  acquired  a  mas- 
tery of  the  whole  circle  of  political  sulyects  and  a  promptitude  and 
decision  which  give  him,  when  engaged  in  business,  the  air  of  native 
and  superior  genius.     Laurels  so  earned  may  be  worn  with  pleasure ; 
not  those  which  are  dropped  on  a  man's  head  by  chance,  or  placed 
there  by  partiality,  or  b^  the  waywardness  of  destiny.    ^  Y^ct,  as  the 
celebrated  Simon  Smith  said,  "I  will  bear  my  sorrows  like  a  fool." 
I  have  wished  and  said  and  do  still  wish  and  say,  "  Would  to  Heaven 
that  we  had  been  never  parted !"     W^e  were  young  and  ha])py,  and 
beginning  hopefully.     Had  it  been  my  good  fortune  to  live  with  your 
magisterial  whip  over  my  head  from  that  time  to  this,  I  should  have 
been  able  to  look  up  and  look  forward  with  more  confidence.     Now 


CiuF.  V.J  LETTER  TO  POPE. 


85 


we  have  waxed  old  and  the  day  has  gone  by.  You  speak  of  your 
procrastination  and  laziness.  0  !  had  1  your  industry.  But  Heaven's 
will  be  done  !  By-tho-bye,  my  dear  friend,  when  you  return  I  shall 
insist  on  a  sight  of  those  same  Shandyisnis  which  Frank  has  men- 
tioned to  me,  and  you,  I  think,  promised  to  show  me.  Now,  had  we 
lived  together,  I  should  have  put  the  rowels  into  the  sides  of  your 
retiring  diffidence  and  pushed  your  merit  into  open  day ;  in  return  for 
which  you  would  have  held  my  forwardness  in  check  until  it  was  better 
suj)ported  by  solid  attainments.  Welded  together,  what  a  fine  fellow 
we  should  have  made  !  This,  you  see,  is  a  specimen  of  my  modesty : 
but  I  will  do  myself  the  justice  to  declare  that  in  such  a  welding  I 
should  have  counted  on  your  contributing  to  it  all  that  was  solid  and 
valuable.  I  do  think,  however,  that  my  stimulating  friskiness  of 
spirits  and  temper  would  have  goaded  you  out  of  the  shade  in  which 
your  own  modesty  has  kept  you. 

***** 
God  bless  you.     Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO   WILLIAM   POPE. 

Washington,  October  27,  1819. 
Mv  Dear  Pope  : 

I  am  indebted  to  you  for  three  or  four  Popiana^  which  I  wish  it 
was  in  my  power  to  pay  in  like  coin — but  this  would  be  impossible, 
even  if  I  had  time;  and  is  doubly  impossible,  since  I  have  not. 
There  is  none  like  you,  on  this  earth, — no,  not  one.  Of  you,  it  may 
be  truly  said,  that  you  have  lived  all  the  days  of  your  life, — and  so 
it  will  be,  'till  you  shall  be  no  more  seen  of  men.  And  so  it  should 
be — for  if  the  innocent  arc  not  entitled  to  be  happy,  who  is  ?  I  call 
you  innocent,  notwithstanding  your  vicinity  to  "  that  vile,  nefarious 
county  of  Goochland,"  and  notwithstanding  several  other  exposures 
to  the  danger  of  bad  example ;  "  I  call  you  a  sauldier — but  you're 
an  unfortunate  sauldier."  l)o  you  remember  the  moonlight  return 
from  the  theatre  ?—"  Say  no  more.  Trim."  *  *  *  * 

How  these  tales   of  the   olden   times  come,  as  Ossian  says,  "like 
shadows  o'er  the  soul" — or  words  to  that  effect ! 

I  am  glad  that  my  letter  proved  so  medicinal  to  my  friends  Bullock 
and  Price.  Would  I  had  been  among  you,  in  propria  persona  ! 
But  "the  days  are  gone  that  we  have  seen" — "John  Anderson  my 
Joe !"  The  truth  is,  there  is  nothing  like  life  out  of  the  Old  Domi- 
nion ;  and  back  I  will  go,  again,  if  I  shall  ever  see  the  time  when  I 
cim  live  without  hard  work  :  that  is,  if  the  scene  is  not  so  changed 
by  death  or  removal,  in  the  mean  time,  as  to  make  the  return  more 
jiainful  than  pleasant.  An  to  you,  to  die  would  be  so  entirely  out  of 
your  character,  that  I  expect  no  such  bad  conduct  at  your  hands. 

Vol.  II.  —  8 


86  THINGS  IN  WASHINGTON.  [1819. 

Come  and  see  us  this  winter.  Dabney  CaiT  will  be  here.  The  Senate 
Chamber  and  Hall  of  Representatives  are  finished  in  a  style  surpass- 
ing any  thing  that  it  hath  ever  before  entered  into  the  heart  of  man 
to  conceive,  and  the  sight  of  them  is  better  worth  a  trip  across  the 
Atlantic  than  Harper's  Ferry.  Besides,  we  shall  have  a  most  flaming 
debate  on  Spanish  affairs,  in  consequence  of  the  rejection  of  our 
treaty  by  Spain ;  and  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke  will  be  there  with 
his  Indian  tomahawk  and  scalping-knife ;  —  to  say  nothing  of  the 
Supreme  Court  and  the  Maryland  Lion.  Among  other  attractions, 
we  have,  in  the  hall  of  Representatives,  a  beautiful  statue  of  History 
and  a  colossal  statue  of  Liberty,  (or  of  the  genius  of  America,  as  it 
is  sometimes  called)  which  I  am  sure  was  modelled  upon  your  idea  of 
a  Venus.  *  *  *  Yq^  ^.g  i;i5igtaken  ; — it  was 

not  Archer  who  imdertook  to  apprise  you  of  my  being  at  Clarke's  : — 
it  was  that  neferious  fellow  Branch,  who  came  back  from  Archy 
Robertson's,  and,  with  a  most  solemn  face,  assured  us  that  he  had 
enclosed  to  O'Reilly  a  letter  to  you,  giving  this  information,  and 
requesting  O'Reilly  to  send  it  over  as  soon  as  it  should  arrive.  I 
thought  I  could  see  a  lie  lurking  in  the  corner  of  Branch's  eye  all 
the  while. 

How  is  our  trusty  and  well-beloved  Morris,  and  what  does  he  think 
of  the  signs  of  the  times  ?  Does  his  federal  deuieroscopy  (a  pretty 
tough  word,  for  a  tough  idea)  espy  a  .speck  of  war  in  the  horizon  ? 
Pray  give  my  love  to  him,  and  assure  him  of  my  unalterable  affection 
for  him;  —  I  would  add  respect — if  the  spiritless  dog  would  place 
himself,  where  his  talents  demand  that  he  should,  "  in  the  very  focus 
of  public  observation."  His  friends  ought  to  hang  upon  him  and 
haunt  him  like  a  ghost,  and  suck  his  blood  like  vampires,  'till  he 
places  on  a  candlestick  and  on  a  hill,  that  candle  which  God  never 

lighted  to  be  put  under  a  bushel.     Tell  Mrs.  M this,  and  set  her 

at  him.  I  mistake  her  much  if  she  would  not  enjoy  that  celebrity 
which  would  be  the  inevitable  and  speedy  consequence  of  his  follow- 
ing this  advice,  which  I  have  pressed  upon  him  more  than  once.  He 
ought  to  practise  in  the  federal  Circuit  Court  at  Richmond,  as  an 
avenue  to  the  Supreme  Court,  in   following  up  some  appeal.     He 

ought  to  be  here  in  the  national  focus  :  and  he  deserves  to  be 

for  not  having  put  himself  in  a  way  to  come  here.  But  he  is  young 
cnougli  to  retrieve  with  ease  the  ground  which  his  want  of  enterprise 
has  liitbei'to  lost.  I  am  very  much  in  earnest  in  this  affair,  and  pray 
you  to  form  a  combination  of  his  friends  to  press  it  on  him.  I  almost 
envy  you  your  jaunt  with  him  ;  and  I  should  envy  him  his  jaunt  with 
you,  if  I  could  envy  so  excellent  a  fellow  any  enjoyment.  Great 
upon  the  rood,  say  you  ? — He  is  great  every  where.  But  the  rascal 
ought  to  be  thrashed,  for  not  "  filling  more  space,"  as  Barbour  says, 
*'in  the  public  eye."     It  is  his  own  fault. 


Chap.  V.] 


LETTER  TO  MRS.  SMITH. 


87 


We  have  nothing  like  news  among  us,  beyond  what  you  have  seen 
in  the  papers.  The  President  is  still  at  his  farm  in  Loudon,  and  Mr. 
Calhoun  has  not  yet  returned  from  South  Carolina.  The  young  folks 
say  the  city  is  dull ; — but  to  me  it  is  merely  tranquil.  I  have  scribbled 
the  first  tiling  that  came  into  my  head — and,  the  mail  hour  being  at 
hand,  must  close. 

Give  our  love  to  dear  Mrs.  Pope  and  Lucy  Ann.  May  Heaven 
bless  you  and  them  with  its  choicest  blessings !  Pray  let  nie  hear 
from  you  as  often  as  you  have  leisure  and  inclination. 

I  go  to  Baltimore  again,  next  month,  to  take  the  bull  by  the  horns. 


Farewell. 


Your  friend, 


Wm.  Wirt. 


TO   MRS.  LUCY   F.   SMITH     OF   WILLIAMSBURG. 

Washington,  November  3,  1819. 
My  Dear  Madam:* 

I  thank  you  very  sincerely,  for  your  letter  of  the  28th  ult.,  which 
I  received  yesterday. 

We  take  it  for  granted,  when  you  come  to  this  same  convention  in 
Alexandi-ia,  you  will  give  us  all  the  time  you  can  spare  from  your 
spii'itual  concerns.  We  are  only  six  miles  off,  and  I  will  promise  to 
be  on  my  best  behaviour, — that  is  to  say,  "as  grave  as  any  judge." 
Though,  to  speak  the  truth,  I  believe  you  would  like,  a  good  deal 
better,  to  see  me  in  my  didos  and  tantrums.  Mr.  Rice  and  all  good 
Christians  admit  that  gaiety  of  heart  is  not  only  compatible  with 
Christianity,  but,  as  I  think  too,  one  of  its  badges.  However,  we  can 
settle  this  point  when  we  meet.  *  *  *  *  Let  us 
see :  I  think  we  were  both  twenty-seven.     However,  I  will  not  say 


*  This  lady  was  an  early  and  cherished  friend  of  the  Attorney-General. 
She  was  the  daughter  of  Doctor  Read  of  Richmond,  a  gentleman,  who, 
towards  the  close  of  his  life,  lived  in  Norfolk.  When  Wirt  first  came  to 
Richmond,  she  was  the  wife  of  Mr.  Meriweather  Jones,  well  known  as  the 
proprietor  of  "The  Examiner,"'  a  pajier  which  subsequently  fell  into  the 
hands  of  Mr.  Ritchie,  and  was  the  oriy;in  of  "The  Enquirer.'  Wirt  was, 
for  a  time,  an  inmate  in  the  family  of  Mr.  Jones.  A  few  years  after  Mr. 
Jones'  death,  his  widow  was  married  to  Colonel  Smith,  who,  being  Governor 
of  the  State  of  Virginia,  j)erished  in  the  conflagration  of  the  Richmond 
theatre,  under  that  horrible  mistake,  as  to  the  sal'ety  of  his  wife,  which  we 
have  heretofore  noticed,  and  which  led  to  the  heroic  effort  for  her  rescue 
that  cost  him  his  life. 

This  lady  was  distinguished  for  her  amiable  character,  fine  and  cultivated 
talents,  and,  even  more,  for  her  cheerful  temper,  which,  as  the  reader  will 
infer  from  this  letter,  had  been  mellowed  by  the  painful  trials  of  her  life, 
into  the  calm  and  thoughtful  tone  of  religious  resignation. 


88  RECOLLECTIONS  OF  ALBEMARLE.  [1819. 

anything  of  this  when  you  come  to  the  seat  of  the  national  govern- 
ment, and, — as  poor  Botts  directed  the  stenographers  in  relation  to 
MacRae,  (then  just  courting  his  wife,) — "set  you  down  at  twenty- 
seven"  still,  if  you  choose. 

You  charm  me  with  your  account  of  the  trip  to  Albemarle.  It  is 
a  beautiful  country,  —  yet  I  should  not,  myself,  have  much  pleasure 
in  \dsiting  it.  The  society  is  so  much  altered, — that  of  l\ii  Park,  in 
particular,  altogether  broken  up.  And  there  are  some  recollections 
too  keen  to  be  borne.     Enough. 

You  owe  me  no  apology,  my  dear  friend,  for  the  advice  you  were 
so  good  as  to  give  me.  It  is  excellent,  and  intended  for  my  happi- 
ness. I  am  not  so  thankless  as  to  feel  resentment  against  the  kind 
hand  that  would  conduct  me  to  Heaven.  It  is  true,  I  feel  myself 
very  unfit  for  that  society  yet.  ^'  Hope,"  however,  you  know, 
"travels  through,  nor  quits  us  till  we  die." 

By-the-bye,  we  have  an  excellent  preacher  here,  a  Mr.  Post,  a 
friend  of  our  Ilice  friends.     He  is  meek,  humble,  sincere,  devout, 
zealous :  it  is  impossible  to  hear  him  without  being  convinced  that 
his  whole  soul  is  engaged  in  his  office, — but  he  has  not  yet  succeeded 
in  producing  those  high  cifccts  of  eloquence  which  you  witnessed  in 
Albemarle,  from  the  preaching  of  Mr.  Rice.     Are  you  sure  that  you 
have  not  over-coloured  that  scene?     I  suspect  you  were  too  much 
blinded  by  your  own  tears  to  see  those  of  others.     Not  that  I  doubt 
Mr.  Rice's  powers,  for  I  know  and  have  felt  them  myself;  but  that 
the  people  of  Albemarle  were  not  wont  to  be  much  given  to  the  melt- 
ing mood  on  such  occasions.     This,  however,  is  almost  a  new  genera- 
tion, and,  I  will  hope,  more  piously  disposed  than  their  ancestors 
There  used  to  be  about  a  dozen  men  of  parts  and  wit  and  humour, 
original   and  strong  characters,   scattered  through   Albemarle,   who 
kept  the  whole  county  laughing  so  incessantly  that  they  had  no  time 
to  cry,  nor  even  to  become  serious  in  the  intervals  of  the  paroxysms : 
—  that,  we  both  know  experimentally,  is  not  the  best  preparatory 
society  for  a  religious  life.     You  have  seen  the  fruits  of  such  examples 
in  the  laughing  characters  of  the  Gilmers  and  myself,  who  were  fresh 
from  that  school  when  you  first  knew  us.    It  was  not  that  mere  gaiety 
of  heart  which  may  consist  with  the  deepest  reflection  and  the  most 
intense  feelings  of  religion ;  but  a  reckless,  heedless,  heels-over-head 
volubility  which  dissipated  every  thing  that  deserved  the  name  of 
feeling  or  reflection.     Its  only  palliative  was  that  there  was  no  malig- 
nity about  it,  and  that  there  were  occasional  gleams  of  kindness  and 
benevolence,  with,  now  and  then,  a  lucid  moment  of  intelligence. 
And  yet,  at  the  time,  we  thought  there  was  no  life  like  it.     To  tell 
the  honest,  naked  truth,  —  I  can't  help  thinking,  yet,  that  there  was 
a  good  deal  of  fun  in  it,  though,  perhaps,  it  scarcely  deserved  so  staid 
and  settled  a  name  as  that  of  enjoyment. 

****** 


Chap.  V.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR.  89 


How  few,  my  dear  friend,  how  very  few,  of  that  laughing  circle 
you  used  to  have  around  you,  can  we  count !  Every  one  who  con- 
tributed to  its  gaiety,  gone !  And  yet  how  fresh  is  the  whole  group 
before  my  imagination,  in  the  pause  I  have  just  made !  I  could 
actually  see  and  hear  them.  Bache's  sly,  dry,  comic  drollery; 
Foushee's  broad  laugh ;  and  so  with  the  peculiarity  of  every  member 
of  that  mad,  merry  circle.  There  were  fine  intellects  in  that  group. 
It  is  not  often  that  I  have  coped  with  such  minds  as  those,  —  male 
and  female.  But  their  lights  are  all  extinguished;  and  three  or 
four,  only,  of  us  are  left  to  mourn  the  loss  of  our  own  departed  and 
irrevocable  time,  —  of  which  I,  at  least,  I  own  it,  have  made  but  a 
poor  use.  There  was  something  mournfully  sudden  in  the  destruction 
of  that  circle.  The  death  of  one  seemed  to  be  the  signal  for  that  of 
all.     Were  there  more  than  five  years  from  the  first  to  the  last  ? 

This  is  a  subject  which,  whenever  it  is  started,  I  know  not  how  to 
quit ;  —  a  proof,  no  doubt,  that  I  have  yet  too  much  j^leasure  in  the 
recollection  of  those  follies  to  have  repented  of  them  with  sufficient 
contrition.  I  do  frankly  confess,  if  it  be  a  sin  that  the  memory  of 
that  circle,  and  of  every  member  of  it,  should  be  very  dear  to  me,  I 
am  guilty  of  that  sin. 

*  *  *  *  *  *    ^ 

I  did  not  expect,  when  I  began,  to  write  more  than  twenty  lines,  — 
but  old  age,  you  may  have  heard,  will  be  garrulous.  Farewell :  and 
if  you  will  accept  the  prayers  of  a  sinner,  may  Heaven  bless  you  to 
the  summit  of  your  wishes,  both  here  and  hereafter  ! 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Washington,  December  29,  1819. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

I  freely  admit  your  plea  of  procrastination,  in  doing  which  I  do 
only  as  I  would  be  done  unto.  Your  practice  is,  I  hope,  not  so  sin- 
gular as  to  amount  to  a  crime ;  for  my  own  part,  I  plead  guilty  to  it, 
and  much  do  I  envy  the  happy  habits  of  those  who  do  everything  at 
the  proper  time,  since  in  no  other  way  can  it  be  well  done.  We  who 
put  off  to  the  last  pinch  aud  then  sit  down  and  ''work  like  Turks," 
never  give  our  minds  fair  play ;  for  our  minds  will  no  more  work  upon 
compulsion  than  we  will ;  and  then  when  we  appear  in  public  with 
our  stinted  preparation,  to  cope  with  fellows  cased  in  Achillean  armour, 
we  are  set  down  as  comparative  pigmies.  Commend  me  to  such  a 
fellow  as  Pinkuey,  who  sacrifices,  at  the  altar  of  professional  ambition, 
all  his  love  of  ease  and  pleasure,  and  even  that  strong  tendency  to 
repose  to  which  his  age,  his  corpulence,  and  the  ample  honours  he 
has  already  won,  must  conspire  so  powerfully  to  dispose  him  !  Or 
rather,  commend  me  to  such  a  man  as  "the  honourable  Thomas," 
8* 


90 


A  DISCUSSION. 


[1819. 


wlio,  witli  the  most  engaging  urbanity  of  social  intercourse  and  the 
highest  inspirations  of  native  talents,  blended  the  perseverance  and 
system  of  the  closest  mechanical  drudge ;  and  verily,  I  say  unto  you, 
he  has  his  reward.  He  never  omitted  to  do  what  he  ought  to  do,  and 
he  never  did  anything  that  was  not  done  in  the  very  best  stjde.  Now, 
sir,  when  I  abused  myself  as  I  did  to  you,  I  had  such  a  man  as  that 
in  my  mind's  eye ;  one  who,  by  the  most  laudable  exertions,  had 
raised  himself  to  the  highest  poiiit  of  which  natui-e  had  made  him 
capable  I  know  (modesty  apart,)  that  I  had  sufficient  natural  capa- 
city to  have  gone  the  round  of  the  sciences  :  I  know  that  I  might 
have  acquired  all  that  it  was  desirable  for  me  to  know,  not  as  a  pro- 
fessional man  merely,  but  as  a  gentleman  and  scholar.  It  is  the 
reflection  of  what  I  might  have  been  and  what  I  am  that  stings  and 
shames  me ;  and  surely  I  may  pour  out  this  ingenuous  confession  into 
the  bosom  of  a  friend,  without  being  suspected,  as  I  fear  I  was,  of 
making  disqualifying  speeches,  with  the  view  of  extracting  an  eulogy 
in  return.  I  beg  pardon  of  Providence  for  having  subjected  it  to 
such  a  tirade,  on  no  other  account  than  having  protected  and  favoured 
a  poor  fellow  who  stood  very  much  in  need  of  such  a  friend,  and  who 
had  no  wickedness  of  heart  to  render  him  entirely  unworthy  of  it. 
But  when  a  fellow  gets  along,  as  I  have  done,  without  any  exertion 
on  his  own  part,  and  with  the  consciousness  of  having  neglected  all 
the  means  necessary  to  such  an  end,  what  is  he  to  think  of  it,  if  he 
believes  in  a  Providence  at  all,  that  rules  the  world  ?  And  who  but 
such  a  wicked  philosopher  as  yourself  would  have  thought  of  deducing 
from  such  a  pious  acknowledgment,  the  impious  conclusions  which 
you  draw  from  it  ?  So,  I  am  not  to  thank  Providence  for  a  benefit, 
but  I  instantly  give  myself  the  right  to  saddle  it  with  all  my  crimes ! 
■ — on  the  notion  that  the  doctrine  of  a  particular  Providence  destroys, 
at  once,  all  freedom  of  will  on  the  part  of  the  creature,  and,  conse- 
c^uently,  releases  him  from  all  responsibility  for  his  misdeeds.  And 
pray,  sir,  do  you  not  exercise  a  particular  providence  over  your  family  ? 
If  so,  how  have  you  ever  presumed  to  reprove  your  children  or  ser- 
vants for  their  faults  ?  You  drive  the  meaning  of  a  special  or  parti- 
cular Providence  far  beyond  my  purpose.  I  do  not  mean  by  it  that 
the  interference  is  perpetual,  and  that  it  exerts  itself  in  proiupting, 
suggesting  and  controlling  all  our  thoughts,  words  and  actions.  If 
this  were  my  position,  your  consequences,  I  admit,  would  follow ;  for 
our  thoughts,  words  and  actions  would  then  be  fairly  chargeable  on 
their  author.  But  I  can  see  nothing  mysterious,  or  inconsistent  with 
the  acknowledged  attributes  of  the  Deity,  in  the  belief  that  he  made 
us,  as  Mihon  says,  "free  to  fall,  though  capable  to  stand."  Nor  do 
I  see  an\'thing  mysterious  or  inconsistent  with  these  attributes,  in  the 
opinion  that  Providence  does  sometimes  interpose  directly  in  the  affairs 
of  mortals,  to  shield  the  innocent,  to  disappoint  the  wicked,  and  to 
help  the  poor  and  distressed  in  their  great  time  of  need ; — an  opinion 


Chap.  V.] 


EARLY  RISING. 


91 


from  whicli  I  derive  no  small  comfort  at  this  present  wiiting.  Does 
it  follow  from  these  occasional  interferences,  that  Providence  is  the 
author  of  all  the  wickedness  that  is  thought,  and  said,  and  done  in 
all  this  vile  world  ?  Does  such  an  interference  amount  to  a  destruc- 
tion of  the  freedom  of  human  agency,  and  a  settled  predestination  as 
to  every  event  ?  However,  by  way  of  avoiding  rather  than  courting  a 
fruitless  discussion  of  this  sulijcct,  let  me  recommend  to  your  serious 
perusal  a  work  of  Doctor  Chalmers'  on  Christianity.  It  is  a  small 
woi'k,  which  you  will  soon  read ;  and  then  his  Astronomical  Discourses, 
which,  if  they  will  not  convince,  will  reward  you  for  the  trouble  of 
the  perusal,  by  their  amazing  reaches  of  thought  and  their  magnificent 
eloquence. 

For  all  you  so  kindly  say  of  me,  my  wife  says,  "  May  Heaven 
biess  you;" — from  which,  I  infer,  she  thinks  as  I  do,  that  your  friend- 
ship has  done  me  rather  more  than  justice.  However,  instead  of 
more  disqualifying  speeches,  it  will  be  wiser  to  follow  your  counsel, 
by  repairing  acknowledged  deficiencies ;  and  if  I  had  a  twenty  years' 
lease  of  my  life,  I  might  be  fit  to  live,  by  the  time  I  come  to  die. 
But  I  will  give  these  fellows  a  hustle  for  their  eminence  yet,  if  I  am 
spared  in  health  for  a  few  years.      So,  you  see  the  modest  fit  is 


eomjz;  off. 


You  are  to  know  that  I  have  taken  to  rising  to  my  studies  by  five 
o'clock  in  the  morning,  and  I  begin  to  feel  the  better  of  it  already. 
This  morning  I  have  burned  out  a  great  part  of  two  candles,  up  in 
the  room  in  which  you  used  to  sleep.  I  am  still  there,  for  it  is  not 
yet  breakfast  time,  and,  on  opening  my  window,  I  find  a  most  exhila- 
rating snow  falling,  which  I  think  I  have  told  you  is  always  a  cheer- 
ing spectacle  to  uie.  On  the  present  occasion  it  is  doubly  cheering, 
for  you  are  to  know  that  I  am  interested  in  a  valuable  cannon-foundry 
on  James  Ptiver,  whose  operations  have  been  almost  stopped  this  fall 
for  the  want  of  water. 

December  31st. 

Interrupted, — and  have  had  no  opportunity  till  now  to  resume  the 
thread  of  my  discourse.  And  now  I  am  under  the  expectation, 
every  moment,  of  being  called  on  for  an  ofiicial  opinion  which  I  have 
not  yet  finished. 

"  The  Essays  of  a  Mother"  are  as  well  adapted  to  their  purpose  as 
Franklin  himself  could  have  made  them.  I  must  tell  you,  sir,  with- 
out being  accused  or  even  suspected  of  flattery,  that  you  have  a  light- 
ness, and,  at  the  same  time,  a  vigour  of  pen  which  Voltaire  himself 
might  not  have  disdained  to  own. 

*  *  *  ^:  *  >(:  * 

As  to  these  aforesaid  Shandyisms,  —  I  take  it  for  granted  that  you 
visit  us  this  winter,  (without  being  tied  to  Holmes'  apron-striug,j  and 
that  you  will  bring  the  aforesaid  with  you. 


92 


QUIET  PROFESSIONAL  LIFE. 


[1620. 


Would  tliat  I  could  visit  you  !  But  Vih.cn,  or  liow  ? — not  when  or 
where  ?  It  is  very  certain  if  this  Avorld  was  not  made  for  Caesar, 
neither  was  it  made  for  me ;  for  I  have  no  more  liberty  of  locomotion 
in  it,  than  if  I  were  chained  to  the  oar  of  a  Spanish  galley. 

Mrs.  Wirt  and  our  children  join  in  love  to  you  and  youi'S,  and  wish 
you  all  the  pastime  of  the  season. 

Yours  ever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER   VI. 


1820. 


QUIET   PROFESSIONAL  LIFE. — THE    INIISSOURI    QUESTION. — LETTER 

TO    CARR. PARTICULARS    RELATING    TO    DECATUR. LETTER    TO 

HIS   DAUGHTER. VISIT    TO    SHANNONDALE. ENGAGED    IN    THE 

BANK   PROSECUTIONS   IN    MARYLAND. BEL   AIR. — A   VISIT   TO 

WEST   POINT. 

In  the  smooth,  deep  current  of  successful  professional  life,  upon 
which  the  Attorney-General  was  now  borne,  I  find,  as  in  some  pre- 
vious epochs,  a  natural  dearth  of  incident  to  furnish  topics  for  my 
narrative.  The  strength  which  was  working  out  his  fame  and  placing 
him  in  the  rank  of  master  intellects,  which  was  bringing  affluence  to 
his  enjoyment,  and  refinement  to  his  fireside,  wrought  its  achieve- 
ments in  the  C|uiet  career  of  study  and  official  occupation,  showing 
the  traces  of  its  progress  rather  in  the  ends  it  attained  than  in  the 
incidents  of  its  advance. 

In  a  letter  to  his  old  friend  Judge  Tucker,  from  whom  he  had  now 
been  separated  for  more  than  two  years,  he  writes,  — "  My  duties  are 
laborious,  and  engross  me  almost  entirely.  Yet  you  will  do  me  great 
injustice  if  you  do  not  believe  that  I  think  of  you  always  with  aff'ec- 
tion, — tenderly,  warmly  and  deeply.  The  frequent  and  happy  occa- 
sions in  which  we  have  practised  on  Horace's  maxim  —  duke  est 
desipere  in  loco — rise  in  my  recollection  with  feelings  which  it  would 
not  be  very  manly  to  confess  in  full.     You  can  easily  imagine  them. 


Chap.  VI.] 


THE  MISSOURI  QUESTION. 


93 


Adverse  as  every  circumstance  now  seems  to  be  to  such  a  calculation, 
and  gloomy  and  forbidding  as  the  times  are  to  all  that  is  joyous  and 
even  cheerful,  I  cannot  give  up  the  hope  that  we  may  yet  again 
renew  those  scenes  of  innocent  festivity." 

The  date  of  this  letter  —  January,  1820  —  vrill  remind  the  reader 
that  the  allusion,  in  the  concluding  lines  of  this  extract,  is  to  the  un- 
happy state  of  affairs  produced  by  the  pendency  of  that  great  question 
which  agitated  the  country,  upon  the  application  of  Missouri  to  be 
admitted  into  the  Union.     It  was  then  under  discussion  in  Congress. 
The  public  mind  was  disturbed  with  the  most  anxious  apprehension 
as  to  the  result.     The  settlement  of  this  question,  then  deemed  so  por- 
tentous to  the  Union,  hung  in  a  doubtful  scale,  and  its  inHuence  was 
every  where  visible  in  imparting  a  sombre  tone  to  the  reflections 
which  it  excited.     Happily,  the  genius  of  compromise  and  forbear- 
ance came  to  the  aid  of  the  national  councils  on  that  occasion,  dis- 
armed the  controversy  of  its  threatened  mischiefs,  and  established  a 
peace  which,  we  had  hoped,  was  never  to  be  broken.     Events  of 
more  recent  date,  which  have  revived  some  of  the  exasperations  of 
the  topic  of  that  day,  furnish  a  new  motive  to  the  statesmen  of  the 
present  time  to  study  this  passage  in  the  history  of  the  country,  that 
they  may  walk  in  the  light  of  the  experience  it  teaches  to  guide  the 
State  safely  through  the  same  perils.     It  was  a  common  opinion  of 
1820,  that  the  fate  of  the  Federal  Grovernment  was  involved  in  the 
issue  then  pending.     Some  alarmists  fancy  that,  in  the  later  revivals 
of  the  same  question,  they  see  the  same  disaster.    We  do  not  pretend 
to  undervalue  the  real  danger  of  that  frenzy  which  political  partizan- 
ship  may  raise  in  the  mind  of  the  nation  upon  such  a  topic ;  but  we 
have  never  believed  that,  either  in  the  year  to  which  we  refer,  or  at 
any  subsequent  period,  has  that  subject  —  allowing  to  it  all  the  im- 
portance which  any  one  has  ever  claimed  for  it  —  had  such  overmas- 
tering control  of  the  judgment  and  good  sense  of  the  country,  as  to 
place  itself  beyond  the  limit  of  the  same  beneficent  spirit  of  compro- 
mise which  rendered  it  impotent  to  disturb  the  Union  in  1820.     It 
is  a  weapon  of  offence  only  in  the  hands  of  political  prize-fighters. 
The  direct  inlerest  in  the  integrity  of  the  Union,  which  renders  it^s 
preservation  a  question  of  personal  welfare  to  every  citizen,  and  of 
safety  to  every  state,  —  to  say  nothing  of  that  higher  glory,  the  love 


94 


DECATUR   AND   BARRON. 


[1820. 


of  country,  wliich  rises  above  all  sectional  attachments, — will  always 
be  found  sufficiently  potent,  in  the  hour  of  need,  to  subdue  the  fac- 
tious rage  of  disorganizers,  and  to  compel  the  surrender  of  those  ex- 
treme points  of  difference  which,  on  either  side,  may  threaten  the 
peace  or  disturb  the  harmony  of  the  country. 

The  following  letter  refers  to  another  incident  which,  though  of  a 
personal  character,  scarcely  less  attracted  the  public  notice,  for  a  brief 
space,  than  the  last : 

TO  JUDGE  CARR. 


Washington,  April  2,  1820. 
I  thank  you,  my  dear  friend,  for  your  short  letter,  which  I  would 
have  sooner  answered  but  for  causes  beyond  my  control.  Instead  of 
attempting  to  give  you  an  account  of  the  cpiarrel  between  our  lamented 
Decatur  and  Barron,  I  propose  to  send  you,  in  this,  a  copy  of  their 
correspondence,  which  we  are  promised  from  the  Intelligencer  press 
to-morrow.  Decatur  showed  me  this  correspondence,  in  confidence, 
late  last  fall,  so  far  as  it  had  then  gone ;  and  I  used  every  effort  to 
prevent  the  fight,  which  he  was  very  far  from  wishing  to  bring  on, 
but  which  he  considered  as  forced  upon  him  in  such  a  way,  that  there 
was  no  avoiding  it  but  by  disavowing  what  he  had  really  said  and 
thought  of  Barron;  and  of  this  I  need  not  say  he  was  incapable. 
He  did  not  approve  of  duelling. 

>is  ^;  *  *  *  H^  * 

He  then  passed  to  his  own  case.  Fighting,  he  said,  was  his  pro- 
fession, and  it  would  be  impossible  for  him  to  keep  his  station  and 
preserve  his  respectability  without  showing  himself  ready,  at  all  times, 
to  answer  the  call  of  any  one  who  bore  the  name  of  a  gentleman. 

After  my  return  from  Baltimore,  I  heard  nothing  more  of  it  'till 
he  was  brought  home  mortally  wounded;  and  then  I  saw  him  no 
more  'till  he  was  a  corpse.  As  I  stood  near  him,  alone,  and  looked 
at  his  dead  face,  marked,  as  it  still  was,  with  the  last  traces  of  his 
departed  spirit,  I  could  not  help  saying — "  What  is  life,  and  what  all 
the  glory  that  this  world  can  give?"  The  soliloquy  is  not  a  very 
novel  one,  indeed.  I  have  made  it,  in  common  with  others,  a  thou- 
sand times  before,  but  I  never  felt  its  force  till  then ;  for  never,  'till 
then,  had  I  seen  the  corpse  of  such  a  man.  You  knew  him,  I  believe, 
only  as  a  hero.  I  ought  to  have  made  it  my  business  to  bring  you  to 
know  each  other  individually.  Could  I  have  foreseen  such  an  event 
as  this,  I  would  have  done  so.  But  what  good  would  it  have  done  ? 
It  would  have  made  you  feel  his  loss  the  more  sensibly,  for  you  would 
have  mourned,  instead  of  merely  lamenting  the  loss  of  a  hero.     They 


Chap.  VI.] 


LETTER   TO   HIS   DAUGHTER, 


95 


both  fell  at  tbe  shot,  which  was  so  simultaneous  that  the  report  of  two 
pistols  could  not  be  heard  by  those  who  stood  out  of  sight,  though 
close  within  ear-shot.  This  I  heard  from  Commodore  Porter,  who 
was  standing  thus  with  llogers.  He  exclaimed  immediately, — "  One 
of  them  is  killed,  for  there  is  only  one  shot."  Very  different  was 
the  scene  when  he  got  to  the  ground.  Decatur  was  apparently  shot 
dead :  he  revived  after  a  while,  and  he  and  Barron  held  a  parley  as 
they  lay  on  the  ground.  Doctor  Washington,  who  got  up  just  then, 
says  that  it  reminded  him  of  the  closing  scene  of  a  tragedy — Hamlet 
and  Laertes.  Barron  proposed  that  they  should  make  friends  before 
they  met  in  Heaven,  (for  he  supposed  they  would  both  die  imme- 
diately.) Decatur  said  he  had  never  been  his  enemy,  that  he  freely 
forgave  him  his  death — though  he  could  not  forgive  those  who  had 
stimulated  him  to  seek  his  life.  One  report  says  that  Barron  exclaimed 
"  Would  to  God  you  had  said  thus  much  yesterday  1"  It  is  certain 
that  the  parley  was  a  friendly  one,  and  that  they  parted  in  peace. 
Decatur  knew  he  was  to  die,  and  his  only  sorrow  was  that  he  had  not 
died  in  the  service  of  his  country.  It  is  believed  that  Barron  will 
recover — though  this  is  far  from  certain.  The  papers  will  have  told 
you  every  thing  as  to  Decatur's  funeral  procession,  &c. 

****** 
Give  our  love  to  youvjireside,  for  I  suppose  this  snow  has  reached 
at  least  to  Winchester.     And  may  Heaven  bless  you  all,  and  keep 
you  warm  and  comfortable. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

We  have  now  a  playful  and  instructive  letter  to  his  daughter,  who 
had  gone  to  the  country  to  attend  the  wedding  of  a  friend. 


TO   LAURA   H.   WIRT. 

Washington,  Tuesday,  May  23,  1820. 
Such  a  splash  as  we  had  at  Mr.  Law's  yesterday  !  Near  a  hundred 
gentlemen  :  all  the  farmers  of  Prince  George's  county  for  many  miles 
around,  and  all  the  gentry  from  Washington.  And  no  more  ceremony, 
and  quite  as  much  festivity  and  playfulness,  as  among  a  flock  of  chil- 
dren just  broke  loose  from  school.  Anthrobus,*  with  his  white  horse 
rearing  up  perpendicularly  half  a  dozen  times,  from  impatience  to 
start; — and  his  English  servant,  to  be  even  with  his  master,  dancing 
off,  in  short  jumps,"for  about  forty  yards;  then  giving  whip  and  spur 
and  dashing  through  Mr.  Law's  clover-field,  like  a  thunderbolt,  to  get 

*  Charge  cfafiaires  in  the  British  Legation. 


96  A  COUNTRY  PARTY.  [1S20. 

to  tte  gate  before  his  master,  who  was  driving  at  the  rate  of  twelve 
miles  an  hour !  Then  such  a  rattling  of  carriages  and  clattering  of 
horses'  hoofs  !  But  first,  such  a  dinner  I — But  before  that,  such  fine 
punch,  down  at  the  spring  beyond  the  pavilion  on  the  hill  in  the 
^oods  ! — Then,  such  excellent  songs  after  dinner  !  Graff  has  a  Dutch 
parody  on  Jessie  of  Dumblane,  which  is  admirable.  The  President 
laughed  'till  he  cried,  and  I  believe  he  would  have  danced,  if  a  fiddle 
had  struck  up.  The  good  old  man  sat  at  table  beating  time  with  his 
fork  to  the  songs  sung  by  Graff  and  others,  with  all  the  kindness  and 
amiability  of  his  nature. 

Mr.  Law  delivered  a  great  speech.  It  was  a  meeting  of  the  Agri- 
cultural Society ;  but  the  speech  was  over  before  I  got  there.  On 
askmg  jNIr.  Adams  for  an  account  of  it,  he  said — "  it  was  a  love  song 
about  murder ;  in  other  words,  an  agricultural  speech  in  praise  of 
manufactures."      Quite    in    his    style!    eccentric    poetry  interlarded 

^yith (jMrs.  "Wirt  loquUur: — Colonel  Morrison  has  taken  your 

father  to  the  door,  just  to  say  a  word  to  him,  and  there  he  keeps  him. 
— Oh,  here  he  is  again — .)  In  short,  it  is  not  possible  to  conceive 
of  a  more  agreeable  country  party  than  it  was, — so  far  as  agreeable- 
ness  can  exist  without  ladies. 

******* 

We  have  had  shocking  weather  for  a  fortnight,  but  Spring  has 
come  again,  and  May  is,  once  more,  the  mother  of  Love.  Remember 
this  in  all  your  egaremens  de  cmir — (isn't  that  French?) — none  of 
your  broad,  loud,  open-mouthed,  chuckling,  choking  laughs.  Ches- 
terfield says  that  polite  people  never  laugh  ;  —they  only  smile.  It  is 
very  certain  that  a  boisterous,  joint-loosening  laugh  detracts  much 
from  personal  dignity,  grace  and  reputation  for  understanding;  and, 
if  frequent,  it  is  the  reverse  of  captivating.  I  am  glad  that  you  have 
so  much  self-command  in  this  particular. 

******* 

M.  wants  to  know  who  is  to  be  the  divine  (as  the  widow  "Warren 
says)  who  is  to  tie  this  same  knot  for  L.     Tell  her — 

"  Cheer  up,  cheer  up,  you  maiden, 
For  you  very  well  do  know, 
That  loving  Johnny  Gorman 
Died  five  months  ago." 

And  if  this  argument  does  not  comfort  her,  I  must  give  up  the 
business  to  Henry  C,  who,  I  have  no  doubt,  will  succeed  better. 

Is  it  possible  you  don't  prefer  the  country  to  the  town?  Plague 
on  the  town  !  I  wish  I  could  live  in  the  country  forever  and  aye  : — 
so  quiet,  sweet,  cool, — books,  pens,  ink  and  paper  in  profusion, — 
mountains  in  view, — "  beautiful  breezes"  from  the  west.  Then,  when 
company  comes,  such  unaffected,  heartfelt  pleasui-e  ! 


Chap.  VI.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR.  97 


I'll  bet  you  we  have  more  roses  than  you  have.  Here  are  both 
gardens  full,  every  bu.sli  teeraintr,  blushing,  bowing  under  its  fragrant 
load  of  all  hues,  from  the  bud  that  has  just  Inu-st  its  green  vestment, 
to  the  flower  that  is  dropping  its  withered  foliage.  Talking  of  vest- 
ment—  puts  me  in  mind  of  vestimental  oil,  and  this  reminds  me  of 
congratulating  you  on  your  escape  from  the  .'joil  of  the  forty  counties : 
— but  you  have  not  got  back  yet,  and  I  shall  be  as  curious  as  Claren- 
don's blacksmith  when  you  do  come. 

I  want  to  tell  you  a  secret.     The  way  to  make  yourself  pleasing  to 
others  is  to  show  that  you  care  for  them.    Tlie  whole  world  is  like  the  ( 
miller  of  Mansfield,  "who  cared  for  nobody  —  no,  not  he  —  because 
nobody  cared  for  him  :"  —  and  the  whole  world  will  serve  you  so  if 
you  give  them  the  same  cause.    Let  every  one,  therefore,  see  that  you 
do  care  for  them,  by  showing  them,  what  Sterne  so  happily  calls,    ' 
"  the  small,  sweet  courtesies  of  life," — those  courtesies  in  which  there 
is  no  parade ;  whose  voice  is  too  still  to  tease,  and  which  manifest   , 
themselves  by  tender  and  affectionate  looks,  and  little,  kind  acts  of 
attention  —  giving  others  the  preference  in  every  little  enjoyment  at 
the  table,  in  the  field,  walking,  sitting  or  standing.     This  is  the  spirit    ■ 
that  gives  to  your  time  of  life  and  to  your  sex  its  sweetest  charm.     It 
constitutes  the  sum  total  of  all  the  witchcraft  of  woman.     Let  the 
world  see  that  your  first  care  is  for  yourself,  and  you  will  spread  the 
solitude  of  the  Upas  tree  around  you,  and  in  the  same  way  —  by  the 
emanation  of  a  poison  which  kills  all  the  kindly  juices  of  affection  in 
its  neighbourhood.     Such  a  girl  may  be  admired  for  her  understand- 
ing and  accomplishments,  but  she  will  never  be  beloved.     The  seeds 
of  love  can  never  grow  but  under  the  warm  and  genial  influence  of 
kind  feeling  and  affectionate  manners.     Vivacity  goes  a  great  way  in 
young  persons.     It  calls  attention  to  her  who  displays  it;  and,  if  it 
then  be  found  associated  with  a  generous  sensibility,  its  execution  is 
irresistible.     On  the  contrary,  if  it  be  found  in  alliance  with  a  cold, 
haughty,  selfish  heart,  it  produces  no  farther  effect,  except  an  adverse 
one.     Attend  to  this,  my  daughter.     It  flows  from  a  heart  that  feels 
for  you  all  the  anxiety  a  parent  can  feel,  and  not  without  the  hope 
which  constitutes  the  parent's  highest  happiness.     May  God  protect 
and  bless  you ! 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

Washington,  August  1,  1820. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

This  is  the  first  of  August,  as  indeed  you  might  have  discovered, 
by  the  heading  of  this  letter,  if  yw  had  looked  sharp. 

On  this  first  of  August,  Williain  IL  Crawford  sets  out  for  Georgia; 

Vol.  IL— 9  g 


98  SHANNONDALE  SPRINGS.  [1820. 

in  a  few  days  Calhoun  is  off  for  the  Lakes;  and  Thompson  is  at  New 
York,  where  he  will  remain  till  frost.  Thus,  three  departments  will 
be  in  the  hands  of  subalterns,  who  will  stand  in  daily  need  of  the 
Attorney-General  to  help  them  through  their  difficulties. 

On  this  same  fii'st  of  August,  I  commence  the  digging  of  a  new 
well,  the  old  one  having  failed,  —  and  the  operation  will  requu-e  my 
supeiintending  presence.  Item  :  on  this  same  first  of  August,  I  am 
to  determine  on  proposals  to  make  an  addition  to  my  house,  which 
we  think  indispensable  to  our  comfort;  and  this  operation,  which,  if 
it  begin  at  all,  must  begin  immediately,  also  requires  my  presence  and 
superintendence. 

And,  on  this  same  first  of  Augiist,  I  receive  your  kind  letters, 
pressing  me  to  go  to  the  Shannondale  Springs,  enlisting  my  wife  to 
conspire  with  you,  and  enforcing  the  whole  by  the  request  of  your 
dear  wife ;  requiring  me,  too,  to  set  off,  forthwith,  to-day. 

The  question  is  whether  I  should  obey  my  inclination  or  my  duty  ? 
I  think  it  my  duty  to  remain  at  home,  and  mind  m}'  business. 

In  the  mean  time,  if  you  do  not  think  that  I  am  deeply  and  tenderly 
impressed  by  the  interest  you  take  in  my  health,  you  do  me  great 
wrong.  Mrs.  Wkt  would  write  her  thanks,  but  that  she  is  shy  of 
committing  herself  on  paper  to  a  gi-ave  and  learned  lord  chancellor ; 
and  therefore  she  deputes  me  to  tell  you  that  I  am  a  perverse  sort 
of  a  body,  who,  while  she  opposed  my  going  from  my  home,  mani- 
fested a  strong  inclination  to  do  it,  —  and  now  that  she  consents,  I 
have  wheeled  about,  myself.  But  this  is  all  in  my  eye.  If  she 
thought  my  health  required  it,  she  would  go  with  me  to  the  end  of 
the  earth,  and,  if  we  found  Captain  Simmes'  opening  there,  would 
walk  in  with  me,  among  the  concentric  spheres.  Yes,  although  we 
should  both  be  going  dovra  the  hill  of  life, 

"  Still,  hand  in  hand   we  \l  go. 
And  sleep  thegither  at  the  foot:'' 


than  which  I  think  there  is  not  a  sweeter  thought  in  all  Burns.  I 
learn  to  feel  it  more  deeply  and  tenderly  as  I,  with  my  faithful  and 
affectionate  helpmate,  approach  the  brow  of  that  hill.  0  !  to  be  left 
alone  at  such  a  time  !  What  other  s:icritice  is  there  on  earth,  that  a 
man,  with  a  human  heart  in  his  bosom,  would  not  cheerfully  encoun- 
ter to  avoid  it !     But  enough  of  this. 

Where  are  these  same  Shannondale  Springs,  and  how  are  they 
approached  from  this  place  ?  K  I  should  be  able  to  make  out  the 
trip,  would  I  go  by  the  stage  to  Winchester ;  and  is  there  a  public 
conveyance  thence  to  the  Springs  ?  I  should  be  most  highly  gratified 
to  meet  you  there,  as  you  propose,  and  I  have  no  doubt  that  it  would 
be  serviceable  to  my  health. 

I  hope  you  are  not  roasted  as  we  are.  The  earth  here  is  as  hot  as 
an  oven,  and  the  whole  atmosphere  feels,  and  almost  looks,  as  if  it 


Chap.  VI.] 


OLD   LETTERS. 


99 


were  on  the  point  of  blazing.  I  wish  balloons  would  come  into  play. 
How  delightful  it  would  be  for  every  family  to  have  one,  always 
ready  to  mount  up  into  the  cool  regions  of  the  air,  and,  at  the  same 
time,  so  anchored  to  the  terra  firma  of  their  respective  proprietors,  as 
to  be  in  no  danger  of  flying  off  with  them  !  I  should  not  be  at  all 
surprised  if,  in  the  course  of  the  present  century,  it  should  become  as 
fashionable  for  the  rich  and  luxm-ious  to  spend  their  midsummer  days 
a  mile  or  two  above  the  earth,  as  it  is  at  present  for  the  people  of 
Charleston  to  spend  their  summer  evenings  in  their  gardens.  What 
a  spectacle,  to  see  a  squadron  of  balloons,  in  their  ascent  from  our 
cities,  on  one  of  these  daily  excursions !  There  is  something  cooling 
and  refreshing  in  the  imagination  of  it.  How  would  3'ou  like  to  be 
drinking  lemonade  and  reading  Shakspeare  on  the  fiat  of  your  back, 
above  the  clouds  ? 

To  return  to  the  weather.  Will  it  never  rain  again  ?  Time  was, 
when  one  such  torrid  day  as  we  have  had,  would  have  been  followed 
by  a  shower;  but  there  seems  to  be  no  moisture  in  the  earth  to 
evaporate ;  and  even  the  water  in  the  river  seems  to  have  turned  dry 
and  inexhalable. 

I  have  told  you,  heretofore,  of  the  pleasure  I  sometimes  take  in 
turniniT  back  to  my  old  letters,  and  re-perusing  the  merriment  of  my 
friends.  I  have  been  indulging  in  this  lately ;  and,  to  give  you  a 
specimen  of  this  amusement,  I  send  you  a  letter  of  your  own,  one  of 
Coalter's,  and  one  of  Peachy  Gilmer's,  written  in  days  of  yore  while 
we  were  all  single  men,  and  when  friends  were  living  who  have  gone 
before  us  to  the  grave.  I  send  one,  also,  from  that  rattle-cap,  Meri- 
wether Jones.  Poor  fellow !  he  had  but  one  fault,  and  that  he  had 
in  common  with  all  the  heroes  who  preceded  him,  except  Scipio ;  and, 
if  we  may  believe  Xenophon,  Cyrus ;  and  perhaps,  also,  Hannibal, 
whose  master-passion  (his  hatred  of  llome,)  seems  to  have  swallowed 
up  the  rest.  Jones  was  as  brave  and  heroic  as  any  of  them,  with 
far  more  generosity  than  ninety-nine  in  a  hundred  of  them,  and  with 
a  tenderness  of  sensibility  that  was  almost  feminine. 

Don't  forget  that  these  letters  are  to  be  returned  to  me,  as  soon 
as  you  have  read  them ;  unless,  by  way  of  recreation,  you  choose  to 
show  them  to  Henry  Tucker,  and  the  Judge, — Holmes.  I  can't  part 
with  them ;  they  are  medicine  to  the  heart  and  soul.  Pray  have  you 
thought  it  worth  while  to  preserve  yours  ?  And  do  you  ever  look 
back  upon  them  ?  They  are  the  memory  of  joys,  as  well  as  sorrows, 
that  are  past — pleasant  and  mournful  to  the  soul.  But  for  the  Chris- 
tian revelation,  it  would  be  natural  to  suppose  that  it  would  be  with 
much  such  feeling,  that  our  spirits,  in  the  next  world,  would  look  back 
upon  the  whole  of  this  life.  But  this  is  getting  into  water  too  deep 
for  so  poor  a  swimmer  as  myself: — let  us  come  to  the  shore. 

How  do  you  put  over  the  time  ? — as  we  say  in  Cohee-laud,     Do 


100  SPECULATIONS.  [1820. 

you  read  ?  or  do  you  write  ?  or  do  you  do  both  ? — Pray  is  this  last 
question  grammatical  ? — for  I  have  not  time  to  think  of  it. 

So,  you  are  to  have  Coalter  with  you — ^best  of  good  fellows — and 
his  most  amiable  and  excellent  daughters.  I  was  at  his  house,  near 
Richmond,  and  staid  all  night.  Cabell  and  Laura  were  with  us. 
We  might  have  fancied  ourselves  young  again,  but  that  our  girls  were 
there  to  dispel  the  illusion.  It  was  only  the  other  day  that  you,  and 
Coalter,  and  Peachy,  were  youths,  writing  to  me  these  merry  letters ; 
and  now  we  have  children  nearly  grown,  and,  if  the  truth  were  known, 
thinking,  I  dare  say,  of  being  married  themselves — which  is  moral- 
izing quite  as  sagely  as  Justice  Shallow  on  the  death  of  old  Double. 
I  catch  myself  often  at  this  profound  and  original  sort  of  speculation, 
de  V  anil  ate  mundi ;  but  the  fact  is  no  man  has  a  perception  of  these 
moral  truths,  'till  they  are  brought  home  to  his  bosom  by  his  own 
experience;  and  then  they  rise  up  for  the  first  time,  with  all  the 
freshness  of  novelty  about  them. 

Mr.  • was  here  last  night.  He  talked  of  agi'iculture,  manu- 
factures, finances,  a  national  institute,  the  bank  loan,  the  dry  weather. 
Miss  B.,  the  4th  of  July,  the  revolution  in  Naples  and  a  newly 
invented  plough,  all  in  the  same  breath,  and  pretty  nearly  in  the 
same  sentence.  And  when  he  was  forced  to  shut  his  mouth,  by 
Laura's  beginning  to  play,  he  also  shut  his  eyes,  and,  I  believe,  went 
fairly  to  sleep;  though  he  cried  "beautiful,"  several  times  in  the 
wrong  place.  Miss  B.  says  he  does  not  know  Barbara  Allen  from 
Yankee  Doodle. 

Poor  j\Irs.  C.  is  still  in  sore  affliction  for  the  loss  of  her  boy,  who, 
by-the-bye,  was  one  of  the  finest,  if  not  the  very  finest  child  I  have 
over  seen.  I  think  it  was  the  Thracians,  who  mourned  when  a  child 
was  born,  and  rejoiced  when  one  died.  Had  they  not  good  reason 
for  it  ?  Their  course  was  certainly  much  less  selfish  than  ours,  if  it 
be  true  that  there  is  a  hereafter,  and  a  hereafter  of  unmixed  happiness 
for  spotless  innocence.     And  that  there  is^  we  ought  not  to  doubt. 

These  same  Springs  again  : 

As  to  your  thinking  I  care  nothing  for  you,  your  wife  or  children, 
unless  I  go  by  Winchester  to  these  Springs,  I  am  not  afraid  of  that : 
for  you  know  better,  by  four  or  five  and  twenty  years'  experience. 
And  you  know  also,  according  to  an  elegant  and  favourite  saj-ing  of 
J.  W.'s,  that  "old  dogs  don't  learn  new  ti-icks." 

I  am  incessantly  interrupted  by  men  on  business,  and  now  the  mail 
hour  has  arrived. 

God  bless  and  preserve  you,  your  wife  and  children  —  as  also  your 
friends  —  and,  among  them,  our  noble  selves. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Chap.  VI.] 


BEL  AIR. 


101 


According  to  the  appointment  of  this  letter,  Wirt  spent  a  part  of 
August  at  the  Shannondalc  Springs,  on  the  Shenandoah  River,  a  few- 
miles  from  Harper's  Ferry.  After  that,  he  was  called  by  professional 
sei-vice  to  Bel  Air  in  Maryland,  to  take  a  part  in  the  trial  of  certain 
prosecutions  against  officers  of  the  Baltimore  Branch  of  the  Bank  of 
the  United  States.  These  trials  were  postponed  till  the  following 
year.  The  visit  of  the  Attorney-General,  however,  to  the  little  village 
which  was  to  be  the  scene  of  debate,  is  pleasantly  described  in  a  letter 
to  Mrs.  Wii-t  of  the  4th  of  September. 

''Here  I  am  at  Bel  Air.  "We  came  up  to-day  in  Williamson's 
coach  with  four  smoking  greys.  We  got  here  between  eleven  and 
twelve.  Oiu-  quarters  are  quite  comfortable,  and  the  village  itself,  to 
my  agreeable  disappointment,  a  pretty  place ;  the  air  fine,  and  the 
water  super-excellent.  The  village  is  on  a  high  open  plain,  the  streets 
well  bordered  and  shaded  by  locusts.  I  have  a  room  to  myself,  a 
good  bed,  etc.  There  is  a  narrow  grass-plot  on  the  north  side  of  the 
house,  which  forms  a  delicious  sitting  place  this  evening,  and  stretches 
immediately  under  my  chamber  wdndow.  Then,  for  the  table  :  —  we 
had  to-day  a  sweet  small  ham,  very  like  what  we  used  to  get  at  Ca- 
IjelFs, — a  nice  fat  young  goose, — two  nice  boiled  chickens  and  sundry 
vegetables ;  and  for  dessert,  tarts,  sweetmeats,  good  cheese,  etc. — and, 
oh  !  —  such  a  quantity  of  large,  delicious  peaches  and  pears  !  The 
road,  for  several  miles  back,  is  lined,  on  both  sides,  with  peach  trees, 
loaded  to  breaking,  with  fruit,  and  near  enough  to  be  palled  ad  libitum 
by  the  hand,  as  we  rushed  along  in  the  carriage.  I  have  never  seen  a 
finer  fruit  country.  Then  we  are  within  eight  miles  of  the  Chesa- 
peake, and  about  the  same  distance  from  the  mouth  of  the  Susque- 
hanna— fanned  by  land  and  sea  breezes. 

"  But  we  are  in  serious  apprehension  of  being  obliged  to  leave  this 
delicious  place  to-morrow.  Judge  Dorsey,  the  Chief  Justice,  is  taken 
sick  and  goes  home.  One  of  the  remaining  two  associates  is  laid  up 
with  tooth-ache,  and  is  not  here  yet.  If  he  comes,  it  is  the  general 
impression  that  the  two  juniors  will  not,  and  ought  not,  to  try  cases 
of  such  a  nature  as  these,  without  the  Chief  Justice.  So,  do  not  be 
surprised  if  I  am  with  you  by  Thursday;  and  be  not  disappointed  if 
I  am  not, — because,  at  present,  it  is  aU  conjecture  what  tlie  course 
will  be." 

Among  the  matters  of  mere  personal  concern,  which  furnish  the 

staple  of  nearly  all  I  have  to  record  of  Mr.  Wirt  at  this  period  of  his 

life,  the  reader  may  be  amused  with  the  impressions  made  upon  him 

by  a  short  visit  as  far  as  the  Hudson  River,  it  being  the  fii'st  excur- 

9* 


102  TOUR  TO  WEST  POINT.  [1S20. 

sion  into  this  region  of  the  United  States  which  he  had  yet  attempted. 
The  purpose  of  this  journey  was  to  place  his  son  Robert  at  West 
Point,  and  to  proA^ide  for  his  entrance  into  the  military  academy,  to 
T.hich  he  had  lately  received  an  appointment.  We  have  a  few  sketches 
of  his  travel  in  letters  to  Mrs.  Wirt,  from  which  I  make  some  ex- 
tracts : 

"Camdex,  September  21,  1820. 

"  Here  we  are,  opposite  to  Philadelphia  ! — So,  this  is  Philadelphia  ! 
Humph  !  as  Sterne  said  of  Paris.  And  what  is  there  in  Philadelphia 
to  make  such  a  mighty  fuss  about  ?  One  single  church-steeple  and  a 
shot-tower  are  the"  only  striking  objects  in  view.  All  the  rest  is  a 
mass  of  brick  houses  with  white  windows,  on  too  flat  a  plain  to  be 
seen  more  than  one  or  two  hundred  yards  from  the  water.  So,  it  is 
only  by  information  that  I  know  it  extends  two  miles  across  to  the 
Schuylkill.  The  extent  upon  the  water  —  which  they  say,  including 
suburbs,  is  four  miles, — shows  a  common,  plain,  quakerly  place,  and, 
in  point  of  beauty,  no  more  to  be  compared  to  Richmond  than  a  drab 
coat  to  the  imperial  purple.  But  the  approach  up  the  Delaware  is 
very  beautiful. 

" Let   me   see  if  they  will  allow  me  to  breathe  here  long 

enough  to  give  you  a  diary. 

^'- At  five  o'clock,  P.  M.,  we  were  off  in  the  steamboat  at  Bal- 
timore for  Philadelphia;  passed  Fort  McHenry,  whose  "  Star-Spangled 
]>anner"  formed  the  subject  of  Key's  celebrated  song.  The  night 
bright  and  beautiful,  and  we  kept  the  deck  till  nine,  then  supped  and 
to  bed,  having  to  rise  at  one  in  the  morning  to  take  the  stage  from 
Frenchtown  to  New  Castle. 

"  Cut  off !  —  The  bell  is  ringing  for  the  Trenton  boat  —  and  so, 
here  we  are  —  off  for  Trenton  : 

"On  Christmas  day  in  Seventy-Six." 

New  York,  September  23. 
"  We  arrived  here  yesterday  morning  at  ten.  After  dressing,  I 
sallied  forth  in  quest  of  the  commodities  to  be  purchased  for  Robert, 
intending  on  my  return  to  give  you  an  account  of  every  thing.  We 
returned  at  two,  —  when  I  found  the  mail  had  closed  at  one;  so  my 
chance  to  write  was  gone  till  to-day.  In  the  evening  we  went  to  the 
]5attery,  and  then  to  West's  circus  to  let  Robert  see  another  entree 
of  those  celebrated  horses.  This  morning  I  rose  early,  to  visit  the 
Fish  3Iarket.  The  first  person  I  met  in  the  twilight  was  Mr.  Hagner, 
of  Washington.  He  had  just  arrived  from  the  north.  Upon  his 
suggestion  I  went  into  another  room,  where  I  found  Mr.  Calhoun 
and  Major  Roberdaux.  In  about  five  minutes  afterwards,  to  the  sur- 
prise of  us  all,  came  in  Major  Bomford,  and  soon  after  him,  Major 


Chap.  YL] 


WEST   POINT.  103 


Thayer,  tlie  coraiuandiug  officer  at  West  Point.  Wc  were  m  a  par- 
lour assigned  to  Wilde  and  Lis  family,  and,  being  invited  to  join  them, 
we  all  breakfasted  together.  Calhoun  insists  on  my  going  to  visit  the 
forts  with  him  to-day,  at  eleven.  Instead  of  employing  the  morning 
in  a  journal  of  my  interesting  travel  to  this  place,  I  shall  go.  I  will 
write  to  you  again  to-morrow.  We  are  invited  to  dine  with  the  Cor- 
poration on  Monday. 

"September  24. 

"  They  played  us  a  trick  yesterday.  Instead  of  carrying  us  to  the 
forts,  they  took  us  to  a  silk  factory  on  Stateu  Island,  where  we  were 
detjiined  the  whole  day;  and  this  by  a  ruse  ds  ^?/errc,_ without  the 
sanction  or  knowledge  of  the  Secretary,  against  his  will,  and  very 
much  against  all  propriety  —  for  the  troops  were  under  arms  at  all 
the  forts,  expecting  him,  throughout  the  day.  For  my  own  part,  I 
thought  it  such  a  breach  of  the  respect  due  to  the  Secretary,  (whom, 
by-the-bye,  it  was  intended  to  honour,  or  rather,  to  catch  from  him  a 
reflected  honour  and  to  throw  it  on  this  institution,)  that  I  was  out 
of  humour  all  day.  Besides  which,  it  was  time  lost  to  me  without  an 
equivalent;  for  I  did  not,  by  any  means,  consider  a  turtle  dinner  on 
Stateu  Island  as  a  compensation  for  the  lost  opportunity  of  seeing 
the  fortifications  and  the  city  itself.  I  have  not  the  least  doubt  my 
displeasure  was  visible  in  my  manner,  and  that  I  shall  be  set  down 
for  a  very  surly,  ill-natured  fellow,  —  which,  you  know,  is  not  the 
case. 

"  About  five  we  went  to  see  the  Vice-President,*  who  lives  at  the 
north  end  of  Staten  Island,  fronting  New  York,  and  who,  in  answer 
to  an  invitation  to  the  aforesaid  silk-dyer's,  had  been  reported  sick  in 
bed.  He  met  us,  however,  at  the  gate,  looking  as  well  and  smiling 
as  ever.  We  stayed  fifteen  minutes,  were  introduced  to_  his  family, 
and  then  returned  to  New  York  in  the  steamboat  '<  Nautilus,"  about 
dark.  On  our  return,  Mrs.  Wilde  told  us  she  was  quite  surprised  at 
reading  in  the  newspapers  of  the  day  where  we  had  been :  —  so  that 
the  printers,  it  seems,  knew  more  of  the  Secretary's  movements  than 
he  did  himself.  As  to  the  sights  —  I  must  put  off  all  that  till  my 
return ;  for  if  I  spend  my  time  in  describing,  I  shall  lose  half  that  I 
ouo;ht  to  see." 

"West  Point,  September  27. 

"  We  arrived  here  last  night.  —  I  pass  over  the  beauties  of  the 
Delaware  lliver  and  of  New  York,  to  come  at  once  to  this  place. 
Yet,  how  can  I  write  a  word  —  with  that  heavenly  band  of  music, 
surpassing  any  thing  I  ever  heard  of  its  kind, — and  that  exact,  majes- 
tic, and  most  beautiful  march  of  the  cadets,  which  is  now  going  on  in 
my  view,  on  the  finest  plain  and  amidst  the  most  captivating  land- 


Mr.  Tompkins. 


104 


THE  TRIALS  AT  BEL  AIR. 


[1821. 


scape  in  the  world !  —  I  can't  stand  this  divine  echo  of  the  bugle 
from  the  mountains ! 

«■  *  *  *  *  -s^ 

''  The  music  pauses  for  the  drill,  and  I  resume  my  pen.  Poor 
Robert  is  very  differently  employed,  being  now  under  examination 
before  the  academic  staff,  to  determine  whether  he  is  to  be  admitted 
or  not.  He  has  been  told  by  Thayer  that  the  examination  is  very 
severe;  but  Thayer  kindly  requested  a  private  inter\aew  with  him 
this  morning,  and  put  some  preparatory  questions  to  him.  He  has 
told  me  that  Robert  will  certainly  pass. 

*  *  ■»  *  -x-  * 

"  There  goes  the  band  again !  —  and  here  come  these  ravishing 
echoes  once  more  from  the  mountains,  which  mountains  hover  over 
us  with  the  old  revolutionary  fort,  '  Putnam,'  crowning  the  summit 
to  the  southwest.  It  is  all  in  vain  to  write.  There  are  too  many 
beautiful  objects.  We  have  Newburg  in  full  view,  eight  miles  up 
the  river,  seen  through  the  majestic  jaws  of  the  mountain,  which 
form  the  passage  for  the  river  to  the  northwest.  The  academic  staff 
have  come  to  see  me.     Robert  is  highly  spoken  of. 

*****  -Si- 

"  I  go  to  Newburg  to-morrow,  to  get  on  board  of  a  descending  boat 
at  ten  at  night." 


CHAPTER   VII, 


1821. 


THE   TRIALS   AT   BEL   AIR. — ENCOUNTERS   PINKNEY. — RIVALRY. 

LETTER  TO  CARR. SEVERE  LABOURS. SICKNESS. REMEM- 
BRANCES OF  THE  FRENCH  REVOLUTION. — SUMMER  EXCURSION 
TO     SARATOGA,     LAKE     GEORGE,     ETC. CHARLES    COLLEY. A 


STORY    OF    MR. 
RENDER. 


POPE  S. 


-LETTER    TO    POPE. BURGOYNE  S    SUR- 


TiiE  cases  which  had  taken  the  Attorney-General  to  Bel  Air  last 
year,  now  came  on  for  trial  in  April.  There  was  a  great  array  of 
counsel.  Mr.  Pinkney  and  General  Winder  were  the  leading  mem- 
bers associated  in  the  defence.  jMr.  Wirt,  General  Harper,  Mr. 
Mitchell,  —  a  gentleman  distinguished  at  the  Baltimore  bar  for  his 
professional  talents,  and  not  less  for  his  wit  and  humour,  —  were  en- 


Chap.  VII.]  THE  BEL  AIR  TRIALS.  105 

gaged,  with  others,  in  the  prosecutions.  I  hope  I  shall  not  be  con- 
sidered as  transcending  the  limits  of  propriety,  in  referring  to  a  few 
passages  in  the  letters  written  to  ]Mrs.  Wirt,  at  this  period,  relating 
to  these  trials.  They  speak  confidentially,  and  in  good  earnest,  the 
writer's  exultation  in  the  success  of  his  own  performances.  There  is 
no  motive  at  this  time  to  conceal  such  opinions ;  and  the  expression 
of  them,  when  we  regard  the  circumstances  in  which  they  were 
written,  and  especially  the  person  to  whom  they  were  addressed,  will 
scarcely  be  open  to  the  censure  of  egotism.     We  shall  see  the  old 

rivalry  renewed. 

"April  2,  1821. 

"  This  being  my  day  to  make  a  speech,  I  commenced  at  ten,  think- 
ing I  should  have  done  in  two  hours :  but  I  spoke  four,  and  was  so 
much  exhausted  at  two  o'clock,  that  the  Court  adjourned  without  my 
application,  —  I  being  then  only  about  half-way  in  my  speech.  I 
satisfied  myself;  and  knowing  me  as  you  do,  that  is  enough  for  me. 
I  will  only  add,  that  Piukney  paid  me  the  compliment  to  say  that 
'it  was  very  beautiful,  and  apparently  very  argumentative.'  Others 
hold  more  flattering  language ;  but  I  am  a  modest  man,  as  you  know, 
and  can  say  nothing  further  on  the  occasion.  I  was  hoarse,  and  ex- 
tremely fjitigued;  but,  judging  by  my  feelings  to-night,  I  shall  be 
able  to  resume  to-morrow  with  increased  vigom*. 

"  Thursday,  April  5, 

"  I  wrote  you  on  ]\Ionday  evening  after  I  had  finished  about  half 
my  speech.  The  next  day  at  two  o'clock  I  closed.  I  have  rarely,  if 
ever,  made  a  better  argument.  Gleneral  Winder  has  been  speaking 
ever  since,  and  to-day  comes  out  Roland.  He  has  been  closeted  ever 
since  he  heard  the  first  part  of  my  speech,  on  Monday,  to  the  subject 
of  which  alone  he  means  to  confine  his  answer,  leaving  the  residue  to 
Winder.  We  look  for  an  ^Etnean  explosion  from  him.  He  is  cer- 
tainly put  up  to  full  speed,  and  has  much  character  staked  upon  his 
appearance.     He  has  been  unwontedly  civil  and  kind  to  me. 

"  Saturday,  April  7. 
''  This  is  the  fourteenth  day  since  this  argument  was  opened. 
Pinkney,  before  he  began,  promised  to  speak  only  two  hours  and  a 
half.  He  has  now  spoken  two  days,  and  is,  at  this  moment,  at  it 
again  for  the  third  day.  You  will  be  gratified  to  hear  that  although 
there  are  four  counsel  on  the  same  side  with  me,  and  the  veteran 
General  Harper, — hitherto  the  only  Maryland  rival  of  l^inkney, — 
among  them,  j-et  here  the  Attorney-General  is  regarded  as  his  chief 
antagonist,  and  the  comparison  made  by  the  Court,  the  bar  and  the 
bystanders  far  from  being  to  my  prejudice." 


106 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


[1821. 


Trifles  such  as  these,  which  on  pther  occasions  might  be  liable  to 
disparaging  comment,  acquire  value  in  a  biogi'aphical  sketch  as  expo- 
nents of  character.  They  are  to  be  regarded  as  illustrative  anecdotes, 
which  often  serve  to  cast  a  better  light  upon  personal  qualities  or  the 
features  of  the  mind,  than  more  earnest  and  acute  dissertation.  They 
are  chiefly  valuable  in  the  present  case,  for  the  evidence  they  furnish 
us  of  that  eager,  sensitive,  and  stimulating  desire  in  the  breast  of 
Wirt,  to  contend  with  and  to  excel,  if  possible,  the  most  renowned 
and  skilful  competitors  in  the  theatre  of  his  own  art. 

The  letter  which  follows  opens  a  history  of  severe  labour  and  its 
too  common  penalty,  disease.  It  is  not  without  a  strain  of  jocular 
vain-glory  which  usually  goes  with  a  cheerful  ambition,  and  tells  of  a 
sanguine  temper  and  a  contented  life.  The  remembrances  of  revolu- 
tionary France,  with  which  it  concludes,  have  some  signification  in 
connection  with  events  of  the  present  day. 


TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

WASfflNGTON,  May  14.  1821. 
My  Dear  Friend: 

Your  letter  is  a  cordial  to  me.  It  is  such  a  letter  as  was  to  have 
been  expected  from  such  a  friend,  under  the  excitement  that  produced 
it.  "Who  can  say  that  life  is  not  worth  having,  while  such  a  friend  is 
to  be  found  and  enjoyed  ?  But  enough,  in  this  strain — for  you  know 
how  much  more  I  think  and  feel  than  I  say. 

The  alarm  which  you  have  had,  on  my  account,  is,  I  hope,  unfounded 
— at  least  in  the  extent  to  which  it  seems  to  have  gone.  It  was  only 
a  longer  continued,  though  a  much  less  severe  recurrence  of  an  in- 
firmity to  which  I  have  been  subject,  ever  since  I  was  fourteen  years 
old — a  vertigo, — the  first  attack  of  which  I  experienced  at  old  Pai'son 
Hunt's,  in  jNIontgomery  county,  twelve  or  fourteen  miles  above  this 
place,  while  I  went  to  school  there,  in  1786  or  1787.  I  had  been,  at 
that  time,  sitting,  with  my  elbow  on  my  knee,  and  my  head  resting 
on  my  hand,  reading  Swift's  account  of  Partridge,  the  Almanac- 
maker,  for  the  first  time  in  my  life ;  it  was  before  breakfast,  in  a 
winter's  morning,  and  before  a  rousing  fire,  which  I  was  too  much 
engaged  to  feel — when,  on  being  suddenly  called  upon  by  old  Mrs. 
Hunt,  from  the  next  room,  to  ring  the  bell,  I  started  up  and  crossed 
the  floor  to  the  bell-string  and  had  only  time  to  pull  it  once  or  twice, 
when  my  head  began  to  swim  and  I  fell — bereaved  of  all  sensation 
and  reflection,  except  that  I  was  spinning  on  the  floor  like  a  top.  A 
most  profuse  and  deadly  sweat,  with  sick  stomach,  followed — where- 
upon I  got  clear  of  my  sickness.     I  sent  for  young  Dr.  Gait,  who,  at 


Chap.  VII.]  SEVERE  LABOURS.  107 

my  request,  bled  me,  altliough  he  assured  me  it,  was  unnecessary,  and 
tliat  the  whole  was  attributable  to  disordered  stomach.  iMinor  attacks, 
accompanied  with  dimness  and  blindness  of  sight,  have  been  frequent 
with  me,  some  of  which  I  have  had  to  disperse  by  jumping  up  and 
dancing  over  the  floor ;  but  I  have  thought  nothing  of  them,  except 
as  transient  inconveniences,  and  not  even  worth  mentioning. 

Dm-ing  the  last  Supreme  Court  I  was  very  much  engaged.  I  was 
forced  to  lose  my  wonted  sleep,  and  had  not  a  moment  for  exercise. 
The  Court  kept  me  constantly  engaged  till  four  o'clock  :  I  had  then 
to  hasten  home  to  dinner,  and,  immediately  afterwards,  to  sit  down 
to  my  papers  till  ten,  eleven  and  twelve  at  night  —  then  up  again  at 
three  or  four  in  the  morning,  and  with  merely  time  enough  to  take 
breakfast,  off,  as  rapidly  as  my  carriage  could  drive  me,  to  the  Capitol, 
at  eleven.  This  I  bore  very  well  for  six  weeks — when  I  was  required 
to  decide  a  question  of  usage,  in  the  department  of  State,  in  settling 
the  accounts  of  foreign  ministers,  without  any  jjrevious  knowledge  on 
the  subject,  and  with  no  other  guide  than  huge  accounts,  of  which  not 
one  item  in  a  hundred  applied  to  the  case.  I  always  disliked  accounts. 
It  is  a  dray-horse  business,  in  which  even  the  triumph  of  acuteness 
in  discovery  has  never  compensated  me  for  the  nauseous  labour  of  the 
research :  it  was  a  case,  too,  which  required  a  speedy  answer  —  and 
this,  after  the  eshaustivin  of  past  toils  in  court,  and  during  the  labour 
of  others  still  pressing  me.  As  I  hate  to  say  "I  can't,"  even  worse 
than  I  hate  accounts,  I  determined  to  see  it  out ;  and,  despatching  my 
wife  and  daughter  to  De  Neuville's,  and  the  children  to  bed,  I  set 
into  my  task. 

It  was,  while  pursuing  this,  exhausted  by  past  toils  and  want  of 
sleep,  that  the  symptoms  of  vertigo  returned ;  not  with  half  the  vio- 
lence I  had  before  experienced  —  but  enough  so  to  require  me  to  un- 
dress and  go  to  bed.  I  did  so,  and  sent  for  a  physician,  was  bled,  &c. 
The  disease  was  aijain  referred,  as  Gait  had  referred  it,  to  sick  stomach, 
totally  unconnected  with  apoplexy  or  palsy.  /  know  that  it  is  the 
same  vertigo  I  have  had  all  my  life  —  differing,  as  I  said,  in  nothing, 
but  its  following  me  up  with  more  frequent  but  less  violent  attacks. 
But  a  truce  with  all  this.  I  believe  if  I  had  not  been  Attorney-Gre- 
neral,  they  would  have  let  me  enjoy  my  vertigo  in  peace,  and  have 
made  no  noise  about  it;  but  now,  I  suppose,  I  must  die  outright 
through  eliqiielle. 

AVhy,  sir,  have  not  I  been  to  Bel  Air,  in  the  midst  of  it  all,  and 
bearded  that  "damn'd  magician  Glendower,"  without  suffering  the 
thou.sandth  part  that  the  earth  did,  at  the  birth  of  the  "Welshman  — 
nay,  without  suffering  by  the  struggle  or  in  the  comparison  ?  Tut, 
man — don't  tell  me  ! — Am  I  not  in  my  youth  yet — in  the  bloom  of 
my  youth,  and  the  very  hey-day  of  my  blood?  Poh,  poh  !  —  I  have 
a  thousand  things  to  do  yet,  and  have  not  time  to  die.  To-be-sure, 
when  my  time  comes  —  when  Ucaven  so  wills  it,  I  must  go ;  —  so 


108 


THE  REVOLUTION  AT  NAPLES. 


[182L 


must  all,  young  and  old  —  but  I  have  no  reason  to  believe^  from  this 
affair,  that  a  very  speedy  departure  has  been  decreed  for  me.  —  But 
enough  of  this,  too ;  it  is  rather  in  the  P.  P.  style,  the  importance  of 
a  man  to  himself. 

I  should  be  exfaciated,  (as  old  Col.  Laval,  my  neighbour,  calls  it,) 
to  meet  you  in  Albemarle,  in  Buckingham,  or  anywhere,  this  sum- 
mer ;  —  and,  if  my  health  should  make  it  necessary,  somewhere  or 
other  I  will  go. 

I  am  distressed  at  the  cause  which  carries  you  from  home.  Alas, 
my  friend,  this  is  rather  a  scurvy  world,  after  all.  I  could  be  very 
melancholy,  if  I  would,  when  I  reflect  on  it — "  but  grieving's  a  folly." 
All  that  remains  for  us  is  to  do  the  best  we  can,  and  acquire  the 

stoicism  of  Shakspeare's "  who  fortune's  buffets  and  rewards 

with  equal  patience  takes  :"  —  so,  "  Away  with  melancholy,  nor  dole- 
ful chano;es  rinc;,  on  life,"  etc. 

By-the-bye,  did  you  ever  see  such  a  miserable  fist  as  the  Neapolitans 
have  made  of  it?  Are  these  the  descendants  of  Brutus  and  Cato? 
0  shame  and  disgrace  unspeakable  and  indelible,  in  such  a  cause  !  I 
had  begun  to  feel  the  same  sort  of  throbbing  with  which  my  heart 
beat,  near  thirty  years  ago,  in  the  cause  of  France — and  was  already 
panting  to  go  to  Naples,  and  take  a  hand  with  them — was  chaunting 
every  morning,  as  soon  as  I  awoke, 

"Merrily  every  bosom  boundetli, 

Merrily  oh,  merrily  oli ! 
Where  the  song  of  Freedoiir  soundeth, 
Merrily  oh,  merrily  oh  !" 

When,  behold  this  miserable,  mean,  pitiful,  sneaking  capitulation 
arrives. — 0,  how  different  from  the  movement  of  France,  in  the  youth 
of  her  revolution  !  Even  at  this  moment  my  blood  runs  cold,  my 
breast  swells,  my  temples  throb,  and  I  find  myself  catching  my  breath, 
when  I  recall  the  ecstasy  with  which  I  used  to  join  in  that  glorious 
apostrophe  to  Liberty  in  the  Marseilles  Hymn,  "  0  Liberty  !  can  man 
resign  thee,  once  having  felt  thy  gen'rous  flame!"  And  then  the 
glorious,  magnificent  triunq^hs  of  the  arms  of  France,  so  every  way 
worthy  of  her  cause  !  0,  how  we  used  to  hang  over  them,  to  devour 
them,  to  weep  and  sing,  and  pray  over  these  more  than  human  exer- 
tions and  victories !  And  how  were  the  names  of  those  heroes  of 
Liberty,  "in  our  flowing  cups,  freshly  remembered,"  and  celebrated 
almost  to  idolatry  !  Alas  !  wdiere  are  they,  and  where  is  their  cause 
now  ? 

But  France  was  great  and  glorious  even  in  her  transition,  and  in 
her  fall.  As  for  these  yelping  Neapolitan  puppies,  the  only  fate 
worthy  of  them  is  to  perish  in  their  own  grotto  del  cano.  But  can 
this  be  the  end  of  it  ?  Can  this  be  the  end  of  such  a  cause  ?  can 
Heaven  suffer  it  ?     Are  kings  and  tyrants,  only,  worthy  of  its  care  ? 


Chap.  VII.]  TOUR  TO  SARATOGA.  109 

I  cannot,  yet,  but  hope  that  with  the  political  light  which  the  last 
half  century  has  shed  upon  the  cause  of  Inuuan  liberty,  and  which 
has  been  so  extensively  diffused  throughout  Europe,  illustrated  by  the 
great  and  steady  movement  of  our  political  ship  through  the  ocean  of 
human  affairs,  that  cause  will  not  expire.  They  cannot  believe  all 
that  has  passed  a  feverish  dream,  and  so  turn  over  and  go  to  sleep 
again,  in  the  long  night  of  despotism,  while  they  have  before  them 
the  waking  reality  of  our  government. 

The  tyrants  may  have  (pielled  the  Carbonari,  and  extinguished 
some  of  the  coal-pits  in  Naples,  but  Vesuvius  and  ^tna  yet  burn ; 
so  does  Cotopaxi :  —  and  so,  also,  I  trust,  does  and  will,  the  cause  of 
Liberty,  till  the  tyrants  of  the  earth  are  buried  under  its  eruptions. 

Remember  me  affectionately  to  Tucker  and  Holmes. 
I  write  in  my  office,  in  great  haste. 
Heaven  bless  you !     Let  me  hear  from  you. 

Your  friend,  in  sempiternum, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

During  this  summer,  Mr.  Wirt,  in  company  with  his  fiimily,  made 
a  jom-ney  to  the  north,  and  spent  some  time  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Saratoga,  Lake  George,  and  other  places  of  note  connected  with  the 
war  of  Independence.  To  him,  who  had  been  'till  now  an  entu-e 
stranger  to  this  region,  this  was  a  journey  of  most  absorbing  interest. 
The  beauty  of  the  country  was  fascination  itself  to  one  so  capable  of 
feeling  it ;  but  the  revolutionary  associations  were  far  more  potent  to 
charm  him  than  even  the  scenery.  This  tour  continually  suggested 
to  him  the  most  lively  and  affectionate  remembrances  of  his  old  friend 
in  Virginia,  William  Pope,  who  was  somewhat  distinguished  in  the 
circle  of  his  acriuaintance  for  his  assiduous  devotion  to  the  preserva- 
tion of  every  incident  belonging  to  the  personages  and  history  of  the 
war  of  1776.  Mr.  W^irt,  therefore,  had  scarcely  got  home  from  his 
journey,  before  he  sat  down  to  pour  out,  in  a  letter  to  Pope,  the 
whole  story  of  his  travel  over  this  enchanted  ground.  The  letter 
will  speak  for  itself.  But  as  it  refers  to  subjects  which  had  supplied 
many  an  hour  of  merriment  to  the  parties  in  this  correspondence,  and 
which  cannot  be  understood  by  the  reader  without  a  preliminary  ex- 
planation, I  take  occasion  to  furnish  this,  by  recording  an  anecdote 
which  may  yield  some  amusement  in  the  perusal. 

Mr.  Pope  told  many  excellent  stories,  —  indeed,  was  somewhat 

Vol.  IL  — 10 


110  POPE'S  STORY  OF  CHARLES  COLLET.  [1821. 

famous  for  tlie  irresistible  comic  eifcct  he  could  impart  to  a  narrative 
in  Avliich  variety  of  characters  was  required  to  be  described.  The  bar 
of  A^irginia  will  long  retain  the  traditions  of  his  good-fellowship  and 
amusing  talent,  as  his  contemporaries  still  delight  to  remember  them. 
The  reference  to  Charles  Colley,  will  be  intelligible  by  the  follow- 
ing story,  which  was  one  that  often  disturbed  the  gravity  of  Mr. 
Pope's  associates.  I  give  it  very  nearly  in  the  words  of  Mr.  Wirt 
himself,  from  some  memoranda  in  my  posses.sion. 

''To  enable  you  to  enter  into  the  story,"  —  says  the  Attorney- 
General, —  "I  must  remind  you  that,  before  the  Revolution,  there 
was  very  little  intercourse  between  the  colonies.  A  poor  man  in  Vir- 
ginia, who,  at  that  day,  had  had  the  good  fortune  to  have  crossed  the 
line  into  Maryland,  on  one  side,  or  North  Carolina,  on  the  other,  was 
considered  by  his  neighbours  as  a  sort  of  prodigy,  and  gave  himself 
airs  of  consequence,  upon  the  strength  of  his  travels,  and  considered 
himself  as  fully  invested  with  the  traveller's  privilege  as  Bruce  or 
Munchausen. 

"At  the  commencement  of  the  war,  troops  were  marched  from 
Virginia  to  the  aid  of  Massachusetts.  Amongst  the  militia  destined 
for  this  service  on  one  occasion,  went  Charles  Colley,  the  hero  of  this 
story,  who  was  the  son  of  a  poor  planter  in  the  barren  county  of 
Louisa.  Charles  was  an  overgrown,  gawky  lad,  entirely  illiterate, 
who  considered  a  march  to  Boston  pretty  much  in  the  light  of  a 
journey  to  the  other  world.  He  performed  his  tour  of  duty  as  a 
soldier,  in  the  company  of  Captain  Johnson,  in  the  third  Virginia 
regiment,  commanded  by  Colonel  Tom  Marshall. 

"  Before  they  marched  they  had  a  motto,  worked  upon  their  hunt- 
ing-shirts—  "  Li)x;rty  or  Death"  —  but  Colley  objected  to  it  in  his 
own  case,  and  proposed  an  amendment.  'Liberty  or  Death,'  he 
affirmed,  'was  too  bloodthirsty;'  —  so  he  desired  his  sister  to  mark 
his  shirt  differently,  and  insert  'Liberty  or  be  Crippled.'  In  the 
course  of  his  campaigns  he  was  in  the  battles  of  Brandy  wine,  German- 
town,  and  White  Plains;  and  when  the  war  was  over,  he  was  one  of 
but  eleven  of  his  original  company  who  survived  to  return  to  their 
home  in  Louisa. 

"  On  the  evening  after  his  return,  his  father  collected  his  country 


Chap.  VII.]  CHARLES   COLLEY.  Ill 

neighbours  to  hoar  Charles  talk  about  the  wars  and  foreign  parts, 
and  to  eat  watermelons  and  drink  cider. 

"  William  Pope,  then  a  lad  of  fifteen,"  —  continues  Mr.  Wirt,  — 
"  was  an  unbidden  guest  at  this  feast — a  sly  dog,  with  an  eye  for  the 
ludicrous,  a  zest  for  humour,  and  a  power  of  mimicry  which  I  have 
never  seen  surpassed.  More  droll  things  have  happened  to  this  same 
William  Pope,  or  in  his  presence,  than  to  any  other  man  with  whom 
I  was  ever  acquainted.  His  eye  and  his  relish  for  the  ludicrous  were 
so  quick  and  perpetually  on  the  alert  that  nothing  escaped  him.  He 
saw  the  joke  afar  off,  and  was  often  in  convulsions  of  laughter,  whilst 
others  were  gaping  and  wondering  what  the  d — 1  was  the  matter. 

"  You  are  to  imagine  half  a  dozen  country  clowns,  rather  advanced 
in  life,  dressed  in  Osnaburg  shirts  and  trowsers,  with  bare  feet,  assem- 
bled on  the  occasion.  The  father  is  spokesman  to  Charles,  and  intent 
upon  his  object  —  to  draw  him  out. 

"  After  spitting  his  tobacco-juice  out  of  one  corner  of  his  mouth, 
and  wiping  his  lips  with  his  sleeve,  he  speaks  in  a  drawling,  snuffling 
voice :  — 

''Well,  Charles,  have  you  got  nothing  to  tell  your  neighbours 
about  your  travels  ?" 

"  Why,  father,"  —  says  Charles,  in  the  same  tone,  —  "  By  blood  ! 
I  saw  so  much,  that  I  don't  know  whar  to  begin." 

"Can't  you  tell  how  far  you  went  to  the  North?" 

"  By  blood,  I  went  so  far  to  the  North,  that  the  North  Star  was 
to  the  South!" 

After  a  pause  of  wonder  and  exclamation  amongst  the  company, 
the  father  asks,  —  "Didn't  you  larn  no  songs  at  camp?" 

"0  yes  —  a  heap." 

"Well,  can't  you  give  us  one?" 

"I've  got  such  a  cold,  father,  that  I  hardly  think  I  can  sing." 
Here  Charles  tries  to  get  up  a  cough. 

"Well,  anyhow,  only  try.     We're  all  friends  here." 

The  company  all  join  in,  and  cry  out,  "  Come  on,  Charley,  try  it." 

"Well,"  says  Charles,  "I'll  try  it,  to  'bleedge  you,  just  to  show 
a  willing  mind." 

Upon  this,  Charles  gets  up  and  leans  his  head  against  the  arch 
over  the  fire-place,  as  if  in  meditation.     Then,  after  a  few  preparatory 


112 


CHARLES   COLLEY. 


[1821. 


coughs,  he  begins  his  song,  —  throwing  his  head  back,  and  singing 
low  and  slow,  and  very  much  through  the  nose.  At  the  end  of  every 
verse,  he  drops  his  head  and  shakes  it,  with  solemn  emphasis,  by  way 
of  increasing  the  effect.     The  song  runs  thus  : 


■1 


u.    ii  •  'f'    'f' •        m '^  . ^-., 

~?r~''^'"i — I — r~i s — ni 1 1 rT#     m iT?^"  •  •!       ^       ^^     ZI 


—piz'^jt 


Come,  all    ye  bold  Virgi  •  nians,   I'd  have  you    for  to  know  It's  for  to  help  the 
■tH-        ' 


n 1 1 ^^T,^'^ — mT» '"I  n I'Ti       !       !  I 

d — — 1 — ziiP~~»^  I — m — • — ''" '"> — sn — I'ti;      1^    I    *  T 


Bostons  You  must  prepare  to  go.  Our  king,  he  has  fell  out  with  us.  And  courage  seems  to 


-p— r 


".az: 


mi 


fail;         But    I    hope    the  valiant    Bos  -  tons  Will    conquer  General  Gage. 


SECOND  VERSE. 

Don't  you  remember  the  Israelites 

That  was   from  bondage   freed  ? 
It  was  the  hand  of  Moses 

That  led  them  through  .the  seas. 
It  was  the  hand  of  Moses, 

And  by  the  power  of  God  ; 
Oh,  don't  you  remember  the  Israelites 

That  was  from  bondage  freed  ? 


THIRD     VERSE. 

The  race  is  not  unto  the  swift, 

Nor  the  battle  to  the   strong; 
And  I  hope  we  '11  meet  the  British 

Before  it's  very  long. 
For  if  the  bold  Virginians 

Gets  the  British  among  the  trees. 
The  Virginians  will   kill   the  British 

Like  brimstone  does  the  bees. 


Witli  this  little  narrative,  which  derived  nearly  every  thing  that 
could  have  made  it  acceptable,  from  the  drollery  and  comic  power 
of  Mr.  Pope,  and  which  was  no  further  worthy  to  be  introduced 
here  than  as  it  serves  to  throw  a  light  upon  the  bagatelle  which  fol- 
lows, I  give  the  letter. 


Chap.  VII.]  LETTER  TO  POPE.  113 

TO    WILLIAM    POPE. 

Washington,  August  29,  1821. 
My  Dearly  Beloved  Brother  : 

I  have  thought  of  you  oftener  aud  more  tenderly  this  summer 
than  for  some  time  gone  by,  and  sit  down  to  tell  you  how  this  has 
happened. 

In  the  first  place,  I  have  had  more  leisure  to  think  of  you,  fur^  I 
have  been  travelling.  In  the  next  place,  I  have  been  travelliug  in 
a  direction  full  of  associations  of  thought  and  feeling  derived  from 
you,  —  for  I  have  been  quite  as  far  to  the  North,  I  suspect,  as  your 
hero  Charles  Colley  ever  was;  though,  I  must  confess,  the  North 
Star  never  appeared  to  the  South. 

As  we  passed  through  Trenton,  I  thought  of  your 

"  Christmas  Day  in   Seventy-Six,' 

and  that  brought  you  with  a  group  of  hearty  fellows  from  Richmond 
before  my  mind's  eye, — and  then,  naturally  enough,  I  thought  again 
of  "  Departed  Joys,"  which  still  more  brought  up  your  image  to  my 
side  whenever  I  approached  an  interesting  scene  of  the  revolutionary 
war.  At  Princeton,  where  General  Mercer  fell,  —  the  tree  was 
pointed  out  and  is  still  preserved,  —  and  there  I  saw  the  tears  in 
your  eyes.  Then  at  Kingston,  New  Brunswick,  and  New  York,  and 
in  going  up  the  North  Eiver,  you  were  continually  with  me,  —  those 
same  eyes  of  yours  sparkling  with  triumph  when  gazing  on  Stony 
Point  as  we  passed,  or  flaming  with  indignation  at  Arnold's  treason 
when  the  spot  was  shown  us  where  the  Vulture  sloop  of  war  was 
moored, — or  bedewed  with  sympathy  when  the  grave  of  the  generous 
and  accomplished  Andre  was  indicated.  Then  came  West  Point,  the 
subject  of  so  much  solicitude  and  bloody  strife  in  the  revolutionary 
^ar,  —  with  the  ruins  of  its  two  old  forts,  Clinton  and  Putnam,  which 
stand  like  two  old  chroniclers  of  awful  days  long  since  gone  by. 

So  far,  however,  you  were  only  one  of  a  party  associated  and 
grouped  together  in  my  recollection :  but  when,  on  returning  from 
Lake  George,  we  fell  into  the  route  of  Burgoyne's  invading  army, 
you  were,  if  not  all  alone,  at  least  the  lord  of  the  ascendant.  All  that 
I  could  recollect  of  "Jack,  the  king's  commander,"  I  chaunted  loud 
and  merrily.  Oh  !  thought  I,  if  my  dear  Pope  were  but  here  to  give 
it  all  to  us,  how  much  should  we  enjoy  it,  and  how  much  would  he 
enjoy  these  scenes  !  — 

"  Thon  first  lie  came  to  Canada,  next  to  Ticond eroga, 
And  leaving  those,  away  he  goes,  straightway  for  Sarato^o." 

"Well  —  we  did  not  go  to  Canada  —  though  we  should  have  done 
so  if  Mrs.  W.  had  not  got  home-sick,  and  anxious  to  contract  the 
circuit  of  our  excursion.     To  Ticonderoga  we  should  have  gone  from 

10*  H 


114 


REVOLUTIONARY  FIELDS. 


[1821 


the  head  of  Lake  George,  if  we  could  have  got  a  safe  boat.  But 
"  leaving  those,  away  we  went,  (Oh  !  what  a  falling  off,)  straightway 
for  Saratoga."  We  fell  upon  Burgoyne's  track  at  Sandy-Hill,  a 
beautiful  little  village  on  a  high  and  most  commanding  site,  at  the 
point  at  which  you  will  observe  on  your  map,  ascending  from  Albany, 
the  North  Biver  bends  at  right  angles  to  the  west.  Thence,  going 
down  the  river,  on  the  eastern  bank,  two  miles  and  a  half,  and  within 
half  a  mile  of  old  Fort  Edward,  we  were  shown  the  sirring  at  which 
the  Indians  who  had  charge  of  Miss  McBae,  stopped  to  drink  when 
they  were  discovered  and  fired  on  by  the  whites ;  and  the  tree,  on  the 
root  of  which  she  was  found  sitting.  "  She  was  found  after  the  action 
was  over,"  say  the  historians,  "tomahawked  and  scalped  and  tied  to 
the  tree."  There  being  a  house  near,  I  borrowed  an  axe  and  cut  a 
chip  out  of  that  identical  root,  for  you,  which,  with  some  other  holy 
relics,  I  shall  send  you  by  the  first  opportunity.  The  tree  is  a  fiour- 
ishing  pine  stump,  fifty  feet  high,  —  full  of  balls,  —  the  top  twisted 
off  by  a  storm.  I  wish  I  could  have  brought  one  of  the  Springs  to 
you,  too,  for  they  are  the  very  finest  that  ever  I  met  with.  At  Fort 
Edward  there  is  a  little  village  —  and  while  our  horses  were  watering, 
I  procured  a  revolutionary  bullet  or  two  which  had  been  got  out  of 
the  wall  of  the  fort.  We  arrived  at  the  village  of  Saratoga  to  dinner, 
the  field  on  which  Burgoyne  laid  down  his  arms  being  immediately 
before  us,  about  half  a  mile,  —  now  a  beautiful  piece  of  meadow-land 
at  the  junction  of  Fish  Creek  with  the  North  Biver,  which  you  can 
also  see  on  the  map.  I  have  some  relics,  also,  from  this  field  for  you. 
You  remember  that  Burgoyne  was  on  his  retreat,  endeavouring  to  get 
back  to  Fort  Edward  and  thence  into  Canada,  when,  finding  his  fur- 
ther retreat  cut  off,  he  surrendered  on  this  plain  :  —  so  in  following 
his  track  down,  we  came  to  tlie  field  of  surrender  before  we  came  to 
the  battle-ground,  where  he  had,  fur  the  first  time,  become  convinced 
of  the  erroneous  estimate  he  had  made  of  the  American  character. 

Having  walked  over  the  field  of  surrender,  and  pulled  some  boughs 
from  a  tree  near  the  spot  at  which  liurgoyne's  marquee  was  pitched, 
we  moved  down  the  river  in  the  evening,  and,  about  au  hour  by  sun, 
came  to  the  house  in  which  the  celebrated  British  General  Frazier 
breathed  his  last.  This  house  was  the  quarters  of  the  German  gene- 
ral, the  Baron  Beidesel ;  and,  on  the  day  on  which  Frazier  was  killed, 
the  Baroness  Beidesel  (who,  with  two  or  three  small  children,  had 
followed  her  husband  into  the  war)  was  engaged  in  preparing  dinner 
for  Bugoyne,  Philips,  Frazier  and  Auckland,  who  were  to  dine  on  that 
day  by  invitation  with  her  husband.  The  table  had  been  already  set 
out  for  dinner,  when  the  action  began,  and  after  some  time  poor 
Frazier  was  brought  in  wounded,  not  to  dine,  but  to  die.  The 
Baroness'  letters  have  been  published,  in  which  she  gives  a  most  in- 
teresting account  of  all  these  particulars,  —  which  you  will  find  in 
Wilkinson's  Memoirs;  or  you  may  read  all  that  is  affecting  or  touch- 


Chap.  VII.]  DEATH  OF  FRAZIER.  115 

ing  in  regard  to  tliese  incidents,  collected  by  Mr.  Silliman  in  bis  tour 
to  Canada,  which  I  will  send  you  as  soon  as  I  can  procure  the  book. 
The  generous  sensibility  evinced  by  Frazier,  after  he  knew  that  his 
wound  was  mortal,  has  given  me  much  tenderness  for  his  memory. 
The  Baroness  says  he  was  continually  apologizing  to  her  for  the 
trouble  he  was  giving  her,  and  that  while  sitting  in  the  other  room 
(there  were  but  two,  and  they  were  very  small)  she  could  hear  his 
groans  and  exclamations — "0  fatal  ambition!" — "Poor  Greneral 
Burgoyne  !" — "  My  poor  wife!"  He  was  killed,  it  seems,  by  one 
of  Morgan's  riflemen.  Silliman  says  he  had  the  anecdote  from  one 
Dick  Brent,  and  Brent  from  Morgan  himself.  In  the  action  of  the 
7th  October,  1777,  Frazier  was  the  soul  of  the  British  army,  and 
was  just  changing  the  disposition  of  a  part  of  the  troops,  to  repel  a 
strong  impression  which  the  Americans  had  made  and  were  still 
making  on  the  British  right,  when  ^Morgan  calling  together  .two  or 
three  of  his  best  marksmen,  and  pointing  to  Frazier,  said — "  Do  you 
see  that  gallant  officer  ?  that  is  Greneral  Frazier — I  respect  and  honour 
him — but  it  is  necessary  he  should  die."  This  was  enough, — Frazier 
was  immediately  carried  from  the  field  mortally  wounded.  But  you 
will  read  it  all  in  Wilkinson  or  Silliman. 

Well,  sir,  as  I  was  saying,  we  arrived  at  this  same  house  at  about 
an  hour  by  sun ;  and  as  good  fortune  would  have  it,  before  we  alighted 
another  traveller  rode  up,  having  just  returned  from  viewing  the 
battle-field,  accompanied  by  old  Ezra  Buel,  who  had  been  a  guide  to 
the  American  army  in  both  the  battles  of  the  19th  September  and 
the  7th  October,  and  was  with  our  troops  'till  the  suiTender.  He  is 
now  seventy-seven,  and  his  usual  gait  of  riding  is  twelve  miles  per 
hour,  on  a  very  hard  riding  horse.  You  will  sec  honourable  mention 
made  of  him  by  Silliman.  Not  at  all  fatigued  with  the  excursion 
from  which  he  had  just  returned,  he  wheeled  about  again,  and  accom- 
panied us  with  the  utmost  alacrity.  Then  you  should  have  been 
with  me,  my  dear  Pope — to  walk  over  the  fields  which  had  been  the 
theatre  of  such  desperate  strife — where  the  great  uiu.se  of  American 
liberty,  too,  was  staked  on  the  issue. 

"And  so" — thought  I — "this  is  the  field  on  which  the  famous 
battles  of  Stillwater  were  fought,  four-and-forty  years  ago  !  IIow  did 
these  grounds  swarm  with  armed  men  !"  "  Here  Morgan  was  posted" 
— said  the  old  man,  interrupting  my  meditations — "  Here  was  Arnold, 
then  a  patriot  and  an  excellent  soldier,"  etc.  And  so  the  old  gentle- 
man arranged  the  field  and  conjured  up  before  my  eyes  the  whole 
host.  Then  he  painted  the  battles  with  great  spirit — showed  by  what 
accidents  they  had  commenced  on  botii  occasions — and  how  they 
became  general — depicted  the  struggles  in  particular  parts  of  the  field 
— and  enabled  me  to  imagine,  at  times,  that  I  saw  and  heard  all  tho 
tumult,  agitation,  shouting,  thunder  and  fury,  of  a  long  and  well-con- 
tested field.     Good  Heavens — what  a  warming  illusion! — Morgan's 


lie 


RELICS  OF  BATTLE. 


[182L 


eye  of  fire  and  hugle  voice:  —  Arnold's  maniac  and  irresistible 
impetuosity  —  the  rattling  of  musketry,  the  sharp  cracking  of  the 
rifles,  the  deafening  roar  of  artillery,  the  animating  shout  of  the 
soldiery,  the  war-whoop  of  the  Indians,  the  encouraging  and  ap- 
plauding cries  of  the  officers,  the  charge,  the  retreat,  the  rapid 
and  regular  evolution  at  one  point,  the  disorderly  movement  at  an- 
other, the  headlong  confusion,  the  groans  of  the  dying,  the  cry  for 
cparter,  ghastly  and  bleeding  wounds,  the  severed  limbs,  men  and 
horses  mingled  on  the  plain  in  one  wide  scene  of  indiscriminate 
Ijlood  and  carnage.  Oh  what  an  uproar  then  !  —  How  still  and 
quiet  now  ! !  Where  are  they  all !  "  What  is  that  your  plough  is 
turning  up?"  "Only  a  skeleton."  "What  yet !— to  this  day!" 
"  Even  yet — our  ploughs  are  constantly  striking  against  cannon-balls 
or  dead  men's  bones,  or  turning  up  grape-shot  or  bullets."  "Then 
I  guess  the  people  were  not  idle  on  that  day."  "  You  may  depend, 
friend,  they  were  busy."  "  I  believe  it — but  I  have  a  friend  in 
Virginia  who  would  be  glad  to  have  some  of  the  bullets  that  were 
fired  in  those  great  battles — battles  that  gave  the  first  decided  turn  to 
the  American  Revolution."  "  To  be  sure ;  there  is  a  ball,  which  has 
been  rolling  about  the  yard  for  some  time ;  you  shall  have  the  bullets 
too ;  and  you,  John,  go  up  in  the  loft  and  bring  down  that  skull." 
"  Thank  you  :  excuse  me  from  the  skull — it  will  not  be  convenient 
to  carry  it — but  the  ball  and  the  bullets  I  will  gladly  take."  And  so 
I  did. 

We  went  to  several  other  houses  which  have  been  all  built  since ; 
for  it  was  then  entirely  wood,  except  Freeman's  farm,  which  you  will 
see  mentioned  in  the  books ;  and  at  all  these  houses  bullets  and  bones 
were  offered, — even  the  little  children  handling  and  offering  the  human 
bones,  with  as  total  an  absence  from  all  emotion  as  if  they  were 
chicken's  bones,  or  dry  sticks.  Having  examined  the  battle-grounds 
of  both  days,  and  walked,  listened  to  my  guide,  and  sighed  'till  my 
heart  was  full  and  heavy,  I  returned  to  my  quarters  and  slept,  very 
little  to  my  honour,  without  dreaming,  for  I  was  too  much  fatigued  to 
sleep  fancifully.  The  next  morning  I  took  another  ride  with  old  Ezra, 
to  see  the  American  encampment,  and,  above  all.  Gates'  head-quarters. 
The  house  is  still  standing.  It  is  a  small,  red,  hip-roofed,  one-storied 
old  house  that  has  quite  a  revolutionary  look.  "  And  here,"  the  old 
man  said,  "the  General  remained  during  both  the  battles;"  which 
were  fought,  at  least,  a  mile  from  this  house,  and  certainly  out  of 
sight.  "  This,"  the  old  guide  said,  "  he  was  told,  was  right, — as 
it  was  the  General's  business  to  be  at  one  place  always,  to  receive 
information  and  give  orders."  Yet  the  old  fellow's  look  had  a  glimpse 
of  passing  cunning,  as  much  as  to  say,  "  A  l)ad  excuse  is  better  than 
none."  I  could  not  help  thinking,  myself,  that  it  was  not  exactly  in 
the  style  of  Napoleon.  But  what  do  you  think  of  these  armies  rest- 
ing here,  in  the  opposite  encampments,  their  sentinels  within  hail  of 


Chap.  VII.]  BURGOYNE'S   LITERATURE.  117 

each  other,  for  seven  days,  without  striking  a  blow,  and,  at  lust,  the 
first  action,  that  of  the  19th  September,  1777,  being  brought  on  by 
an  accident  ?  Gates  had  a  good  motive  for  the  delay, — for  his  army 
was  continually  gathering  strength ;  but  that  Burgoyne,  in  the  spirit 
of  proud  and  contemptuous  invasion,  —  with  such  an  army  and  so  ap- 
pointed, —  should  have  sat  down  so  quietly  and  so  foolishly,  while  his 
enemies  were  hourly  increasing  in  strength,  satisfies  me  that  he  was 
no  Bonaparte.  He  ought  to  have  pushed  undauntedly  forward,  or  to 
have  retu-ed  while  yet  he  could.  His  remaining  on  the  ground  was 
the  very  worst  thing  he  could  have  done.  But  there  is  a  fashion  in 
war,  as  in  every  thing  else.  The  Bonaparte  style  of  daring  was  not 
the  order  of  that  day.  But  enough  of  this  way  of  judging  men 
a  posteriori.  At  their  time  of  day,  and  in  their  place,  we  might 
have  done  the  same  or  worse.  Poor  Grates !  this  was  his  first  and 
last  field  of  glory !  What  a  triumphant  opening  of  his  military 
career  in  America !  What  a  reverse  was  he  doomed  to  experience  in 
one  short  year  !  And  for  poor  Burgoyne,  it  was  his  last  and  dying 
speech,  as  a  soldier.  So  that,  both  to  victor  and  to  vanquished,  it 
was  the  prelude  only  to  misfortune.  Such  is  the  passing  glory  of 
this  world ! 

Now  as  to  Burgoyne,  pray,  my  dear  brother  Pope,  did  you  ever 
read  the  sentimental  comedy  of  ''The  Heiress/'  or  "  The  Maid  of 
the  Oaks;"  or  did  you  ever  hear  the  tender  and  elegant  songs  of 
"Anna's  Urn,"  or  "For  tenderness  formed?"  These  were  written 
by  Burgoyne ;  and  although  our  printers,  our  revolutionary  officers 
in  then-  letters,  and  our  song  inditers  of  that  day,  used  to  charge  him 
with  bombast,  I  do  think  that  he  was  one  of  the  most  classical  and 
elegant  writers  which  the  English  nation  has  produced.  If  Burgoyne 
had  been  born  to  the  wealth  of  Byron,  he  would  have  pitched  the 
poetic  bar  beyond  him  by  many  a  league.  War  was  not  his  proper 
element.  While  upon  the  fields  of  his  battles  and  final  surrender, 
and  remembering  the  beautiful  and  j^athetic  eifusions  of  genius  to 
which  I  have  alluded,  I  could  not  help  pitying  such  a  man,  whose 
mistake  of  his  own  character  had  put  him  at  the  head  of  a  band  of 
merciless,  tomahawking,  scalping  savages,  and  "damned  Hessians, 
Hanoverians,  Anspachers,  Waldechers,  and  Wolfenbuttlers."  If  I 
have  mistaken  your  arrangement  in  these  harmonious  names,  pray 
put  me  right. 

From  these  fields  my  mind  followed  these  British  prisoners  to  the 
barracks  near  Charlottesville ;  and  then  came  the  recollections  of  yours 
and  Bullock's  anecdotes  of  that  place;  the  temporary  theatre;  the 
acting  of  plays  by  the  British  officers ;  Phil  Gooch *         * 

What  would  I  give,  my  dear  Pope,  to  go  again  over  these  grounds 
with  you, — to  catch  your  feelings  by  rebound  !     Is  it  impossible  ? 

Tr  -A-  -X-  -A-  * 

By-the-bye,  this  is  a  pretty  long  letter.     It  is  time  to  stop,  and  I 


118  HINTS  TO  PREACHERS,  ETC.  [1822—1823. 

am  rather  tired  of  writing.  I  began  it  about  an  hour  before  tbe  close 
of  the  mail  of  this  day,  in  the  hope  of  having  it  ready ;  but  interrup- 
tion has  now  lost  me  the  mail.  However,  you  shall  have  the  epistle 
"  unhouseled,  unanointed,  and  unaneled,  with  all  its  sins  and  blotches 
on  its  head."  But  remember  that  in  this  case  you  are  the  father 
confessor. 

"  The  relics"  will  be  addressed  to  the  care  of  John  Gamble.  They 
have  no  value,  except  from  the  associated  sentiment  you  will  give 
them;  and  perhaps  the  associated  image  of 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER    VIII. 

1822—1823. 

CONTRIBUTIONS   TO   THE  EVANGELICAL  AND  LITERARY  MAGAZINE. 

HINTS   TO    PREACHERS,  ETC. LETTER   TO    THE   REV.  JOHN    H. 

RICE.  —  SEVERE   PROFESSIONAL   LABOUR. SICKNESS. — DEATH 

OF  MR.  PINKNEY. LETTER    TO    GILMER. NOTICE    OF    PINKNEY. 

ENLARGES    HIS    MARYLAND    PRACTICE.  PLAYFUL    LETTERS 

TO    HIS    DAUGHTERS.  VERSES     FOR    THE     MAY-DAY    QUEEN. 

CORRESPONDENCE.— BEDFORD    SPRINGS. OCCUPATIONS    IN    BAL- 
TIMORE.  MODERATION    OF    POLITICAL    OPINIONS. LETTER   TO 

THE   PRESIDENT,  RECOMMENDING    THE    APPOINTMENT    OF    CHAN- 
CELLOR   KENT    TO    THE    SUPREME   COURT. 

]Mr.  PtiCE,  well  known  as  an  eminent  preacher  in  the  Presbyterian 
church,  and  editor  of  the  Evangelical  and  Literary  Slagazine,  which 
was  published  at  Richmond,  was  an  intimate  friend  of  JMr.  Wirt  and 
his  family  before  they  removed  to  Washington.  At  the  solicitation 
of  this  gentleman,  Mr.  Wirt  had  written  an  article  for  the  Magazine, 
entitled  "  Hints  to  Preachers."  This  had  produced  a  corresponding 
essay,  of  the  same  character,  from  Mr.  Rice,  entitled  "Hints  to 
Hearers."  Both  had  been  published  during  the  past  year,  and  had 
attracted  something  more  than  ordinary  notice  from  the  readers  of  the 
Miscellany.  These  essays,  as  one  may  conjecture  from  the  titles,  were 
of  a  grave  and  religious  cast.     Mr.  Wirt's  was  written  in  a  tone  of 


Chap.  VIII.] 


LETTER  TO  MR.  RICE. 


119 


severe  criticism,  with  a  view  to  correct  some  prevailing  faults  in  the 
oratory  of  the  pulpit,  and  was  published  without  acknowledgment  of 
the  authorship,  and,  indeed,  without  any  direct  communication,  upon 
that  point,  to  the  editor  himself.  His  design  was  to  convey  the  im- 
pression that  this  essay  was  the  production  of  one  of  the  clergy,  sup- 
posing that  under  the  title  he  had  given  it,  it  would  be  likely  to  receive 
a  more  authentic  welcome  from  those  to  whom  it  was  addressed,  than 
if  known  to  come  from  the  pen  of  a  layman.  The  success  of  this 
little  piece  of  didactic  criticism  made  the  editor  anxious  to  obtain 
further  contributions  from  his  friend,  and  several  letters  passed  between 
them  in  reference  to  this  object.  I  select  one  from  this  correspondence, 
chiefly  for  the  evidence  it  supplies  of  the  distaste  with  which  the 
Attorney-General  still  regarded  the  employments  of  public  life,  and 
the  pleasure  with  which  his  mind  recurred  to  literary  subjects. 

TO    THE    REV.   JOHN   H.    RICE. 

Washington,  February  1,  1822. 
My  Dear  Sir  : 

Yom-  letter  of  the  30th  ult.  was  received  this  evening,  just  as  I 
returned  from  the  President's.  I  feel  the  blush  of  genuine  shame  at 
the  apparent  presumption  of  adding  ray  name  in  favour  of  your  Maga- 
zine to  that  of  the  eminent  gentlemen  of  Princeton.*  This  is  real 
and  unafiected :  but  you  desire  it,  and  I  dare  follow  your  beck  in  any 
direction.     Would  that  I  could,  in  one  still  more  important ! 


If  you  suppose  from  what  I  said  of  nine  o'clock,  that  that  is  my 
hour  of  going  to  bed  on  week-day  nights,  you  are  mistaken  by  several 
hours.  For  some  time  past,  I  have  been  obliged  to  be  in  my  office 
before  breakfa.st  and  till  nine  or  ten  at  night,  when  I  come  home,  take 
my  tea,  talk  over  family  affairs,  and  get  to  bed  between  eleven  and 
twelve.  But  it  is  killing  me ;  and  as  death  would  be  most  extremely 
inconvenient  to  me,  in  more  respects  than  one,  at  this  time,  I  shall 
quit  that  course  of  operations  and  look  a  little  to  my  health,  if  I  can 
survive  the  approaching  Supreme  Court.      Sed  qucere  de  hoc. 

INIy  troubles  not  being  already  enough,  in  the  estimation  of  the 
honourable  body  now  assembled  in  the  Capitol,  they  are  beginning  to 
institute  inquiries,  for  my  better  amusement,  into  the  circumstances 
of  three  fees  paid  me  by  the  government  in  the  cour.se  of  the  four 
years  that  I  have  been  here,  for  professional  services  foreign  to  my 

*  Mr.  Rice  bad  asked  biin  to  unite  in  a  recommendation  of  tbis  work 
with  Doctors  Miller,  Green  and  Alexander,  of  tbe  College  at  Princeton. 


120  DISTASTE  FOR  PUBLIC  LIFE.  [1822—1823. 

official  duties, — a  thing  wliich  has  been  continually  done,  at  all  times, 
under  this  government.  They  affect  to  think  it  a  new  affair  entirely, 
and  only  an  additional  proof,  amongst  ten  thousand  others,  of  a  waste 
of  public  money  by  the  rapacity,  if  not  peculation,  of  those  in  office. 
I  am  sick  of  public  life.  3Iy  skin  is  too  thin  for  the  business.  A 
politician  should  have  the  hide  of  a  rhinoceros,  to  bear  the  thmsts  of 
the  folly,  ignorance  and  meanness  of  those  who  are  disposed  to  mount 
into  momentary  consequence  by  questioning  their  belters  —  if  I  may 
be  excused  the  expression  after  professing  my  modesty. 

"  There's  nought  but  care  on  every  hand," 

— all,  all  is  vanity  and  vexation  of  spirit,  except  religion,  friendship 
and  literature. 

^  ******         ■ 

I  do  sincerely  wish  it  were  in  my  power  to  mount  the  aforesaid 
"gay  streamer  and  long  tom,"  on  your  gallant  little  bark.*  I  will 
try  in  the  spring  and  summer  to  contribute  a  stripe  or  two,  and  a 
blank  cartridge  or  so.  But  I  shall  not  tell  you,  when  I  do  it,  that  it 
is  mine ;  for  it  is  proper  you  should  have  it  in  your  power  to  say 
truly,  "  I  do  not  know  who  it  is." 

I  have  already  got  credit  for  much  that  I  never  wrote,  and  much 
that  I  never  said.  The  guessers  have  an  uncommon  propensity  to 
attribute  all  galling  personalities  to  me,  all  sketches  of  character  that 
touch  the  quick  and  make  some  readers  wince.  I  have,  in  truth,  in 
times  gone  by,  been  a  little  wanton  and  imprudent  in  this  particular, 
and  I  deserve  to  smart  a  little  in  my  turn.  But  I  never  wrote  a  line 
wickedly  or  maliciously.  There  is  nothing  in  the  Spy  that  deserves 
this  imputation,  and  nothing  in  the  Old  Bachelor,  which,  give  me 
leave  to  tell  you,  ^' tenia  detur  verbo,"  you  and  your  Magazine,  and 
your  writer,  *  *  have  underrated.  There  is  a  juster  criticism  of  it  in 
the  Analectic  Magazine ;  but  this  writer,  too,  has  not  true  taste  nor 
sensibility.  He  accuses  me  of  extravagance  only  because  he  never 
felt,  himself,  the  rapture  of  inspiration.  And  you  accuse  me_  of  re- 
dundant figure,  because  you  are  not  much  troubled  yourself  with  the 

throes  of  imagination; — just  as  H abuses  eloquence  because 

there  is  no  choi-d  in  his  heart  which  responds  to  its  notes.  So  take 
that.  And  if  you  abuse  me  any  more,  I  will  belabour  your  Magazine 
as  one  of  the  heaviest,  dullest,  most  drab-coloured  periodicals  extant 
in  those  degenerate  days.  What  !  shall  a  Conestoga  wagon-horse  find 
fault  with  a  courser  of  the  sun,  because  he  sometimes  runs  away  with 
the  chariot  of  day,  and  sets  the  world  on  fire  ?  So  take  that  again, 
and  put  it  in  your  pocket.  But  enough  of  this  badinage,  for  if  I 
pursue  it  much  farther  you  will  think  me  serious ; — besides  it  is  verging 

•  An  allusion  to  the  request  to  contribute  an  occasional  article  for  the 
JNIagazine. 


Chat.  VIII.]  LETTER  TO  GILMER.  121 

to  eleven,  and  tlie  fire  has  gone  down.  I  began  this  scrawl  a  little 
after  five — walked  for  health  till  dark  —  came  in  and  found  company 
who  remained  until  near  ten — and  could  not  go  to  bed  without  a  little 
more  talk  with  you.     But  I  shall  tire  you  and  catch  cold.     So  with 

our  united  love  to  Mrs.  K.,  my  dear  H ,  and  yourself,  good  night. 

Your  friend,  in  truth, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  term  of  the  Supreme  Court,  which  had  now  commenced,  was 
one  of  severe  labour  to  the  Attorney- General.  His  constitution  was 
visibly  beginning  to  give  way  under  the  excessive  toils  of  his  profes- 
sion. The  close  of  the  session  found  him  an  invalid,  greatly  debilitated 
by  a  sharp  attack  of  fever,  which  had  been  brought  on  by  a  too  assi- 
duous and  prolonged  study.  This  term  was  marked  by  another  event 
which  interested  the  whole  nation, — the  death  of  Mr.  Pinkney.  This 
eminent  lawyer,  whose  fame  is  inseparably  connected  with  that  great 
tribunal  of  the  nation,  died  on  the  25th  of  February,  1822.  His 
illness  is  said  to  have  been  produced  by  intense  and  unremitted  study 
in  a  case  then  before  the  Court,  and  in  the  argument  of  which  he  had 
overtaxed  his  strength.  An  inflammation  of  the  brain  was  the  con- 
sequence, which  came  to  a  fatal  termination  in  little  more  than  a 
week;  thus  extinguishing  one  of  the  brightest  lights  of  American 
jurisprudence,  and  depriving  the  profession  of  one  whose  name  alone 
had  a  power  to  awaken  the  emulation  of  every  aspirant  to  the  honours 
of  forensic  renown. 

The  following  letter  of  the  Attorney-General  refers  to  this  event, 
whilst  it  speaks  also  of  his  own  feeble  condition. 

TO    FRANCIS    W.    GILMER. 

Washington,  May  9,  1822. 
My  Dear  Francis  : 

I  thank  you  for  your  letter  of  the  first,  which  I  should  have  an- 
swered sooner,  but  that  I  am  yet  limited  in  my  indulgence  in  this 
way.  I  keep  my  mind  void  of  care, — read  novels,  ride,  walk,  play  at 
battledore,  and  take  as  much  exercise  as  I  can  bear,  avoiding  physic 
as  much  as  possible.  I  am  improving  fast  by  this  discipline.  Tazewell, 
and  Webster,  meantime,  have  been  reaping  laurels  in  the  Supreme 
Court,  and  I  have  been — sighing.  North  of  the  Potomac,  I  believe 
to  a  man,  they  yield  the  palm  to  Webster :  South  to  Tazewell.  So, 
you  see,  there  is  section  in  everything.  Time  will  put  all  these 
matters  riirht. 

Vol.  XL  — 11 


122      ENLARGES  HIS  PRACTICE  IN  MARYLAND.     [1S22— 1823. 

Poor  Pinkney !  He  died  opportunely  for  his  fame.  It  could  not 
have  risen  higher. 

■X-  *  *  *  *  * 

He  was  a  great  man.  On  a  set  occasion,  the  greatest,  I  think,  at 
our  bar.  I  never  heard  Emmett  nor  Wells,  and,  therefore,  I  do  not 
say  the  American  bar.  He  was  an  excellent  lawyer;  had  very  great 
force  of  mind,  great  compass,  nice  discrimination,  strong  and  accurate 
judgment :  and,  for  copiousness  and  beauty  of  diction,  was  unrivalled. 
He  is  a  real  loss  to  the  bar.  No  man  dared  to  grapple  with  him 
without  the  most  perfect  preparation,  and  the  full  possession  of  all 
his  strength.  Thus  he  kept  the  bar  on  the  alert,  and  every  horse  with 
his  traces  tight.  It  will  be  useful  to  remember  him,  and,  in  every 
case,  to  imagine  him  the  adversary  with  whom  we  have  to  cope.  But, 
I  assure  you,  I  do  not  enjoy  more  rest  because  that  comet  has  set. 
There  was  a  pleasurable  excitement  in  wrestling  with  him  on  full 
preparation.  In  my  two  last  encounters  with  him  I  was  well  satisfied, 
and  should  never  have  been  otherwise  when  entirely  ready.  To  draw 
his  supremacy  into  question,  anjn'here,  was  honour  enough  for  ambi- 
tion as  moderate  as  mine. 

Poor  Pinkney  ! — After  all,  how  long  will  he  be  remembered  ?    He 
has  left  no  monument  of  his  genius  behind  him,  and  posterity  will, 
therefore,  know  nothing  of  such  a  man  but  by  the  report  of  others. 
"What  should  we  have  known  of  Hortensius,  but  for  Cicero  ? 
***** 

With  respect  to  Baltimore  —  it  would  amuse  you  to  hear  the  con- 
tradictory counsels  I  receive  on  this  subject.  The  newspapers  and 
public  rumour  have  committed  me  for  immediate  resignation  and  re- 
moval thither.  I  have  as  yet  decided  on  nothing  but  that  I  will, 
without  resigning,  attend  the  courts  in  Baltimore  and  Annapolis,  this 
spring  and  summer,  and  decide  on  that  expei'iment. 

I  believe  your  picture  of  Virginia  is  faithfully  drawn  :  and  yet  I 
cannot  tell  you  how  much  I  suffer  in  feeling,  from  withdrawing  my 
family  and  children  from  the  beloved  Old  Dominion.  I  think  I  shall 
send  my  sons  back,  if  I  shall  be  able  to  settle  them  there  to  any 
advantage.    But  enough  of  this — it  is  time  for  me  to  take  my  exercise. 

Yours  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

In  accordance  with  the  resolution  expressed  in  this  letter,  Mr.  Wirt 
prepared  for  a  more  enlarged  practice  in  the  courts  of  Maryland,  and 
became,  from  this  date,  a  regular  attendant  upon  the  terms  in  Balti- 
more, as  well  as  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  in  Annapolis.  He  also,  at 
this  time,  partly  with  a  view  to  the  recreation  of  the  journey,  accepted 


Chap.  VIII.]  LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER.  123 

an  engagement  to  try  some  causes  in  the  upper  district  of  the  State 
of  3Iaryhmd,  and  spent  a  few  days  for  that  purpose  in  Hagerstown, 
whither  he  journeyed  chiefly  on  horseback.  These  occupations  served 
to  restore  his  physical  vigour  and  to  increase  the  cheerful  tone  of  his 
spirits,  as  we  shall  see  in  the  badinage  of  the  following  letters. 

In  presenting  these  little  fragments  of  a  family  correspondence,  I 
am  enabled  to  furnish  the  reader  a  pleasant  evidence  of  the  character 
of  the  intercourse  which  the  Attorney-General  was  accustomed  to  hold 
with  his  children.  It  was  a  most  amiable  feature  in  his  system  of 
domestic  education,  that  he  sought  to  win  their  confidence  by  an  inti- 
mate association  and  sympathy  with  them,  even  in  the  most  trivial 
concerns  which  occupied  their  thoughts.  He  mingled  in  their  amuse- 
ments, gravely  deliberated  with  them  in  whatsoever  scheme  seized 
upon  their  fancy,  and  availed  himself  of  all  suitable  occasions  to 
insinuate  his  counsels  in  the  most  agreeable  forms. 

Some  important  matters  are  here  discussed. 

TO    LAURA   H.    WIRT. 

Baltimore,  April  18,  1822. 
My  Dear  Child  :  * 

You  wrote  me  a  dutiful  letter,  equally  honourable  to  your  head  and 
heart,  for  which  I  thank  you,  and  when  I  grow  to  be  a  light-hearted, 
light-headed,  happy  thoughtless  young  girl,  I  will  give  you  a  quid 
pro  quo.  As  it  is,  you  must  take  such  a  letter  as  a  man  of  sense  can 
write,  although  it  has  been  remarked  that  the  more  sensible  the  man, 
the  more  dull  his  letter.  Don't  ask  me  by  whom  remarked,  or  I  shall 
refer  you,  with  Jenkiuson,  in  the  Vicar  of  Wakefield,  to  Sanconiathon, 
Manetho  and  Berosus. 

This  puts  me  in  mind  of  the  card  of  impressions  from  the  pencil 
seals,  which  I  intended  to  enclose  last  mail,  for  you,  to  your  mother, 
but  fi>r;^-.)t.  Lo !  they  are  here.  These  are  the  best  I  can  find  in 
Baltimore.  I  have  marked  them  according  to  my  taste.  But  ex- 
ercise your  own  exclusively,  and  choose  for  yourself,  if  either  of  them 
please  you. 

Shall  I  bring  you  a  Spanish  guitar,  of  Gilles*  choosing  ?  Can  you 
be  certain  that  you  will  stick  to  it  ?  And  some  music  for  the  Spanish 
guitar  ?     What  say  you  ? 

There  are  three  necklaces  that  tempt  me, — a  beautiful  mock  emerald, 
a  still  more  beautiful  mock  ruby  with  pearl,  and  a  still  most  beautiful 
of  real  topaz  : — what  say  you  ? 

Will  you  have  either  of  the  scarfs  described  to  your  mother,  aud 


124 


ADVICE  ON  AN  LMPORTANT  SUBJECT.    [1S22— 1823. 


which — the  blue  or  lilac  ?  They  are  very  fashionable  and  beautiful. 
Any  of  the  wreaths  or  flowers  ?  Consult  your  dear  mother  : — always 
consult  her,  always  respect  her.  This  is  the  only  way  to  make  your- 
self respectable  and  lovely.     God  bless  you  and  make  you  happy. 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    THE   SAME. 


My  Dear  Laura: 


Baltimore,  April  19,  1822. 


I  have  thought  fifty  times,  more  or  less,  of  what  I  always  forget 
when  I  write  to  you,  (in  which  there  can  be  no  doubt,  I  take  after 
you,)  and  of  which  I  have  just  been  reminded  by  doing  the  act  itself 
(that  is,  writing)  :  I,  therefore,  sit  down,  by  way  of  making  sm-e 
work  of  it  while  the  matter  is  fresh  in  my  mind — (in  which,  there 
can  be  as  little  doubt,  I  do  not  take  after  you)  to  tell  you  what  it  is. 
And  it  is  nothing  more  or  less  than  this : — that  the  first  thing  upon 
this  terracjueous  globe,  composed,  as  it  is,  of  earth  and  water — (other- 
wise, what  I  am  about  to  say  had  not  been  so  true),  is  to  absterage 
and  purify  the  pericranium,  (which,  being  rendered,  signifieth  the 
external  skin  or  integument  which  surroundeth  the  head — (^peri  being 
the  Greek  for  ^^  round  about,"  and  cranium  being  the  generic  name 
for  all  the  bones  of  the  head  (whereupon  on  closer  consideration,  I  am 
not  very  clear  whether  the  pericranium  be  not  the  in7ier  skin  which  forms 
the  immediate  integument  of  the  bones  aforesaid) — but  why  should  I 
remain  in  doubt  ?  Vide  \Valker — (my  way  you  know)  ^^Pericranium  : 
the  membrane  that  covers  the  skull."  That  covers  the  skull  ?  how  'I — 
within  or  without  ?  I  suppose  the  whole  skin  of  the  head,  including 
both  its  inner  and  outer  surface,  muscles,  blood-vessels,  &c.  However, 
I  mean  the  skin  of  the  head  in  popular  parlance) — and  what  I  want  to 
tell  3'ou,  and  what  I  will  tell  you,  is,  if  ever  I  can  get  out  of  this 
scrape  of  quadrupically  involved  parenthesis  within  parenthesis  ( — but 


as  to  the  settlinjr  the  account  amono;  them, 


and  jrettino- 


out  arithmeti- 


cally, grammatically,  and  scientifically, — not  to  say  algebraically, 
cabalistically,  theseically  and  ariaduically,  (meaning,  by  a  clue)  I  de- 
spair of  any  such  escape  from  an  ambuscade  so  desperate.  So,  not 
being  able  to  untie  the  Gordian  knot,  1  shall  cut  it : — aut  invcniam, 
aul.  j'aciam,  as  Alexander,  or  somehody  else,  said,  on  a  parallel  occasion, 
perhaps  the  very  Gordian  occasion  aforesaid)  that  to  lustrate  as  well 
as  to  give  lustre  (so  note  the  distinction)  to  the  hair,  the  best  thing- 
is  whiskey — pure,  uncohnired,  white  whiskey ;— "  experto  crede 

Roberto,"  (as  old  Robert  Burton  is  in  the  humorous  habit  of  saying, 
in  that  most  facetious  of  all  books,  his  "  Anatomy  of  Melancholy.") 
Yovi  cannot  conceive  the  virtue  and  power  of  this  liquid  thus  applied  ! 
The  Alps  and  Pyrenees,  nay,  dandruff,  and  all  sorts  of  cutaneous  im- 


Chap.  VIII.]  A   CLASSICAL   SUGGESTION.  125 

purities  sink  before  it.  It  gives  a  most  delightful  glow  to  the  whole 
head,  opens  all  the  pores  and  suffers  them  to  breathe  freely.  And 
then,  it  gives  such  a  gloss  to  the  hair !  such  a  splendid  and  radiant 
brightness,  such  a  tendency  to  throw  itself  into  rich  and  graceful 
curls!  —  to  say  nothing  of  the  fragrance  that  it  breathes  around. 
Venus,  when  she  met  her  son  in  the  woods  near  Carthage,  and  when, 
in  spite  of  her  teeth,  paluil  dea,  her  hair  was  a  trifle  compared  to  it. 

"Dixit:  et  avertens,  rosea  cervice  refutsit, 
Ambrosiceqiie  comcE  divinum  vertice  odorem 
Spiravere." 

She  had,  no  doubt,  washed  her  hair  with  whiskey,  that  morning. 
You  will  hear  it  crackling  around  your  head  like  electric  sparks  flying 
off:  though  this  is  nothing  more  than  the  breaking  of  the  saponaceous 
bubbles,  formed  by  the  chemical  combination  of  the  whiskey  with  the 
oleaginous  exudation  of  the  hair,  (which  process  it  is  not,  at  this  time, 
altogether  convenient  to  explain.)  But,  Laura,  seriously  and  gravely, 
and  all  jesting,  extravagance,  eccentricity,  and  hyperbole  apart,  im- 
mediately on  the  receipt  of  this,  do  send  out  for  a  quart  of  pure, 
uncoloured  whiskey :  wash  the  skin  of  your  head  all  over,  and  the 
back  of  your  neck  with  it,  every  morning  ;  let  it  touch  every  part  of 
the  skin,,  and  toet  all  your  hair.  Try  it  for  one  week,  every  morning,^ 
and  then,  afterwards,  at  least  ticice  or  thrice  a  loeek,  and  I  will  give 
you  one  of  the  prettiest  little  trinkets,  pour  le  doigt,  when  I  come 
home,  that  you  ever  saw.  Will  you  do  this  deed  for  me,  or  will  you 
not  ?  Observe,  the  thing  is  to  be  done  thoroughly,  or  not  at  all.  Let 
me  hear  from  you  on  this  fertile  theme  by  the  mail  of  to-morrow. 
And  so  having,  paucis  verbis^  given  you  this  morceau  of  precious 
counsel,  I  lay  down  my  pen  till  I  see  what  the  mail  will  bring,  and 
wish  you,  my  dear  child,  bo7i  soir. 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

In  a  May-day  festival  in  Washington,  his  daughter  was  assigned 
the  part  of  the  May-Queen.  The  next  letter  contains  a  grave  effort 
at  preparation  for  this  weighty  affair,  and  some  earnest  admonition. 

TO    MRS.   WIRT. 

Baltimore,  April  29,  1822. 
****** 

Tell  E.  that  the  stage,  yesterday,  was  too  full  of  talk  for  poetry. 
But  I  have  hitched  together  a  few  lines  for  her  this  morning,  which 
I  send,  and  which  she  must  not  recite  like  a  school-girl  —  but  like 
the  lady  who  spoke  Collins'  Ode  to  the  Passions.  There  must  be  no 
foolish  tremor,  nor  giggling,  but  grave  and  steady-voiced  feeling,  and 
11* 


126 


A  MAY-DAY  FESTIVAL. 


[1822— 1S23. 


distinct  enunciation  —  with  wliicli  it  will  have  a  fine  effect,  and  do 
her  credit.     Otherwise  the  attempt  will  be  a  failure. 

Friends,  comrades,  sisters  —  thanks  to  all !      (Bowing.^ 
I  feel  the  honour  of  this  call.      [Right  hand  on  the  heart.) 
Ne'er  will  my  heart  forget  the  day  )  ^^^^^  ^^^^  feelingly. 

lour  kindness  made  me  Queen  of  May.    ^ 
Daugliters  of  Spring!*      May  all  yow  hours 

Be  bright  and  gay  as  these  sweet  flowers.  [Pointing  grace/idly  to  the  crown.) 

(  Waving  the  right  hand  slcivly 
Long,  long  may  such  your  pathway  strew  I   y      ^^  ^^  ^j^^    .  ^^^  ^^  ..  ^,.^j,pi„g 

And  oh  !   may  they  be  thornless,  too.  ^      j^^.^^.^,  ^^.^^^^  .^_ 

Now,  for  our  country,  one  short  prayer ; 

Our  country.  Heaven's  peculiar  care  !     [Looking  up.) 

No  other  crown  may  this  dear  land  e"er  know, 

But  such  as  grace  the  maid's  and  patriot  victor's  brow  ! ! ! 

N.  B, — The  two  last  lines  are  to  be  pronounced  with  both  hands  grace- 
fully folded  on  the  bosom,  the  eyes  raised  towards  Heaven,  and  kept  fixed 
on  It,  and  the  voice  swelled  with  energy  —  the  body  stooping  a  little  grace- 
fully forward  —  words  slow. 

******* 

w.  w. 

Doubtless,  these  minute  directions,  being  implicitly  followed,  pro- 
duced the  desired  effect. 

TO    LAURA    H.    WIRT. 

Baltimore,  April  30,  1822. 
I  thank  you,  my  dear  Laura,  for  your  note  of  yesterday.  I  can't 
come  down  to-morrow.  The  Federal  Court  meets,  and  it  is  harvest 
time.  But  as  I  am  new  in  the  field,  and  may  not  be  permitted  to 
reap  where  I  have  not  sown,  I  must  be  content  with  the  privilege 
of  gleaning. 

"The  lovely  young  Lavinia  once  had  friends." 

—  How  much  I  am  like  her! 

"  Come  down  to-morrow" — quoth  'a  ?  Would  that  I  could,  to  bless 
all  the  children.  By-the-bye,  if  G.  did  not  deliver  my  letters,  Lizzy 
will  be  without  her  May-Queen  address.  Whereupon,  I  think  (for 
it  just  strikes  me)  that  I  will  send  a  duplicate  in  this;  and  although 
she  may  not  receive  it  in  time  to  commit  it  to  memory,  she  can  hide 
it  in  her  handkerchief  and  read  it  slily,  as  the  President  does  his 
inauguration  speeches.  I\Ir.  IMadison  used  to  hide  his  in  the  crown 
of  his  hat,  and  read  it  slily  there. 

(*  Daughters  of  Spring,  arc  the  girls.  The  hands  and  arms  must  be  thrown 
kindly  open  while  addressing  thcjn.) 


Chap.  VIII.]  LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER.  127 

I  wonder  if  our  dear  C's  arc  witli  you  ?  It  is  almost  too  good  to 
think  of.     Poor  me  ! 

"  Hard  is  my  fate"  —  seu  potiiis  — 

"Full  sad  is  my  heart  when  I  view  the  black  ruins 
Where  once  stood  the  cottage  of"  Ellen  O'Moore." — 

—  Or  words  to  that  effect.  ]]ut  I  am  working  for  you  all,  and  this 
consoles  me,  and  even  gilds  the  pill  of  absence  —  I  was  very  near 
saying,  consoles  the  pill  of  absence.  So  much  for  figures !  Don't 
sigh  —  I  don't  mean  arithmetical  figures. 

Tell  your  aunt  that  in  a  long  walk  this  evening  I  passed  by 
Glendy's  church,  whicl^put  me  in  mind  of  Old  Staunton,  and  "  the 
days  that  are  gone,  to  return  no  more"  — alas,  and  woe  is  me  ! 

"But  what's  the  use  of  sighing 
When  time,''  &c. 

Tell  your  dear  mother  that  it  is  four  minutes  past  nine,  and  conse- 
quently bed-time ;  and  as  she  is  two  letters  in  my  debt,  I  cannot  find 
it  in  my  heart  to  heap  coals  of  fire  on  her  head,  &c.  So  love  to  her 
and  all  the  children. 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO  LAURA  H.   WIRT. 

Washingto.x,  July  1.5,  1822. 
My  Dear  Laura  : 

I  am  much  obliged  to  you  for  my  part  of  the  entertainment  fur- 
nished by  youi-  letters,  and  I  am  just  going  to  make  some  return 
for  it. 

I  have  been  to  Annapolis,  to  West  River,  to  Baltimore,  and  came 
home  yesterday,  at  one  o'clock,  where  I  found  all  well  but  Robert, 
who,  however,  says  that  he  is  well  enough,  he  thinks,  to  commence 
his  journey  to  Virginia. 

******* 

What  you  call  my  shorty  dry  and  sententio7is  and  Irlef,  ji'ithy  and 
oracular  letter,  puts  me  in  mind  of  a  salutation  of  Mr.  T.'s,  the  sena- 
tor, which  I  have  heard  rehearsed  since  I  left  home.  You  know 
with  what  frightful  impetuosity  he  talks. — like  the  v/indlass  of  a  well 
that  had  broken  loose,  just  as  the  full  bucket  has  reached  the  top, 
and  goes  thundering  down  again, — which,  I  must  confess,  is  a  figure 
of  Doctor  Jack  Foushee's,  applied  to  Shcffey.  lie  was  saluting  a 
lady,  an  old  acquaintance:  —  ''Why,  bless  me,  Madam,  Avhat  is  the 
matter?  You  used  to  be  round,  plump,  and  jolly,  and  now  you  are 
lean,  lank,  thin,  flabby,  and  emaciated."     You  must  run  over  these 


128 


MISS  MERCER. 


[1822—1823. 


words  as  liard  as  you  can  lay  legs  to  the  ground,  to  have  any  idea  of 
them.  They  are  well  rehearsed  by  J.  B.,  the  senator,  who  heard  the 
salutation.  And  this  puts  me  in  mind  of  another  story  (don't  it  put 
you  in  mind  of  hco  ?)  that  I  heard  while  I  was  gone.  It  is  an  in- 
stance of  broken  figure,  or  rather  figures,  or  ratherer  a  compound  fi-ac- 
ture  of  figures,  or  ratherest  a  chaos  of  them,  exhibited  in  a  speech 
made  by  one  of  my  brother  lawyers  at  Baltimore,  not  long  since  : — 
"  This  man,  gentlemen  of  the  jury,  walks  into  court  like  a  motionless 
statue,  with  the  cloak  of  hypocrisy  in  his  mouth,  and  is  attempting 
to  screw  three  large  oak  trees  out  of  my  client's  pocket."  And  this 
puts  me  in  mind  of  several  others,  which  I  shall  reserve  for  a  futui-e 
occasion. 

The  fin-st  of  them  (T.'s  salutation)  puts  me  in  mind  of  your  aunt 
N.,  by  what  association  of  ideas  I  leave  her  to  divine.  How  is  her 
health?  Any  chance  of  the  round,  plump  and  jolly  —  or  has  she 
kept  bad  company  so  long  that  she  is  doomed  forever  to  remain  lean, 
lank,  thin,  &c.  ? 

Your  mother  sends  you  two  Russian  letters,  which  came  to  hand 

on  Saturday.     One  of  them  was  opened  by  Miss  M 's  request. 

Why,  her  letter,  also  sent,  will  explain.    As  she  expected,  part  of  her 

letter  was  found  in  yours.     M haAnng  exchanged  a  sheet  (not  a 

shot)  between  you. 

I  send  you  a  song  called  "They're  a'  Noddin,"  with  which,  it  is 
said,  all  Edinburgh  is  echoing;  also,  one  of  the  glees  sung  at  the 
Anacreontic  club  in  Baltimore, — and  some  other  songs, — inter  alia, 
the  rival  airs  of  Baltimore  to  the  serenade  in  the  Pirate. 

I  have  received  a  letter  from  Colonel  L.,  containing  the  expression 
of  his  daughter's  thanks  for  jams,  which  I  enclosed  to  him,  and  I 
think  she  promises  to  write.  The  old  Colonel  is,  as  usual,  in  a  great 
quandary  about  money  matters — sad  and  merry,  and  melancholy  and 
droll,  in  the  same  sentence.  They  have  stopped  his  pay  at  the  trea- 
sury ofiice ;  he  saj-s,  "  I  must  address  a  prayer  to  Jupiter  to  change 
my  family  into  chameleons." 

****** 
I  thought  I  had  a  great  deal  to  say  to  you,  but  the  truth  is  I  find 
I  have  nothing  to  say.  If  I  tell  you  about  Annapolis,  and  West 
Eiver,  and  all  that,  what  will  you  care  ?  Even  if  I  were  to  describe 
Miss  Mercer's  beautiful  seat,  with  the  Chesapeake  Bay  on  one  side; 
the  ships  in  motion  in  all  directions,  and  some  at  anchor  within  a  few 
hundred  yards  of  the  house ;  on  the  other  side,  a  most  elegant  park, 
filled  with  fine,  fat,  beautiful,  "round,  plump,  and  jolly"  fallow  deer, 
lying  down  in  the  shade,  or  bounding  and  browsing  through  the 
wood;  the  house,  itself,  beautifully  adapted,  by  the  structure  and 
arrangement  of  its  rooms,  to  so  picturesque  a  scene — and  the  mistress 
of  the  house  not  inferior  to  any  of  Scott's  heroines — what  would  you 
care  for  it  all  ? 


Chap.  VIII.]  AN   OLD   ESTABLISHMENT.  129 

Perhaps,  if  I  were  also  to  tell  you  that  this  same  IMiss  Mcrcor 
assured  me  that  she  had  been  making  a  historical  collection  from  all 
the  books  that  she  could  find  or  hear  of,  touching  Sir  William  Wallace 
— that  ]Miss  Porter  had  entirely  mistaken  his  character,  and  that  she, 
Miss  Mercer,  was  half  inclined  to  give  her  battle  on  this  theme, 
(which,  by-thc-bye,  she  is  very  able  to  do,)  you  would  think  it  more 
to  the  purpose. 

Then  again,  if  I  were  also  to  tell  you  that  the  house  at  which  I 
went  to  visit, — Mrs.  Thomas'  (an  aunt  of  Henry  Murray's) — is  one 
of  the  fii-st  houses  built  in  Maryland ;  —  that  there  is,  among  other 
ancient  archives  there,  a  receipt  for  repairs  done  on  the  house  in  the 
year  1645  ;  that  the  library,  which  is  a  separate  house  in  the  yard, 
is  so  old  that  the  cypress  shingles  with  which  it  was  covered  on  one 
side  of  the  roof,  have  assumed  the  appearance  of  old  corn-stalks,  from 
the  mere  washings  of  the  rains ;  that  in  the  library,  which  is  a  large 
one,  there  is  not  a  book  that  has  been  printed  since  the  reign  of 
Charles  II.,  and  that  the  collection  is  the  most  learned  and  curious 
that  I  have  ever  beheld ;  that  there  is  a  row  of  huge  cedar  trees,  so 
old  that  all  the  hearts  and  bodies  are  rotted  away,  and  that,  from 
mere  age,  nothing  remains  but  the  bark,  which  carries  up  the  sap ; — 
with  a  thousand  other  antiquities ;  —  and  that  this  estate  has  always 
remained  in  the  same  family  from  the  first  establishment  of  the 
colony;  and  that  there  is  now  a  very  pretty  girl  there,  about  eighteen, 
as  strongly  addicted  to  genealogy  as  old  McQueen,  in  the  Children  of 
the  Abbey,  who  has  fo'i-med  a  fine  genealogical  tree,  which  traces  up 
the  family  (the  ]\Iurrays)  to  the  Duke  of  Athol,  and  his  son  the  Mar- 
quis of  TuUibardine.  What  would  you  say  then  ?  "  What 's  Hecuba 
to  me?"  — very  true  —  and  as  for  me,  I  am  exceedingly  sleepy.  So 
good  night. 

Your  afiectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

Bedford,  Pa.,  August  10,  1822. 

I  plead  guilty,  my  dear  Chevalier, — ^but  "bonus  aliquando  dormilat 
Homeriis,"  you  know.  As  to  the  matron's  bones,  God  rest  them  ! 
Did  you  ever  see  a  bee  in  a  tar-barrel  ?  Or,  if  you  never  did,  did 
you  ever  hear  tell  of  one,  &c.,  &c.,  according  to  Sterne's  case  of  the 
white  bear  ? 

!My  wife  stood  the  fatigue  of  nursing  like  a  good  Christian,  and  an 
afiectionate  and  devoted  help-mate,  —  for  which  may  the  Lord  bless 
her  both  here  and  hereafter !  She  missed  you  most  sensibly,  when 
you  had  to  leave  us,  and  felt,  as  she  should,  the  kindness  of  your 
coming.  But  enough  of  this.  We  rejoice  that  you  are  safe  at  home, 
— J- our  happy,  happy  home ;  and  may  Grod  bless  you  all. 

I 


130 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


[1822—1823. 


We  liave  been  here  a  fortnight  yesterday,  and,  as  at  present  advised, 
propose  to  strike  our  tents  on  Wednesday  next.  I  think  we  shall  go 
by  the  Shannondale  Springs :  would  that  we  could  meet  you  there  ! 
There  is,  in  my  opinion,  and  judging  by  its  effects  on  myself,  little, 
if  any  difference  between  that  water  and  this ;  and  the  difference,  if 
there  be  any  in  favour  of  this  place,  would  be  more  than  counter- 
balanced, even  in  the  article  of  health,  by  the  superior  enjoyment  of 
the  heart  and  mind,  and  the  consequent  edulcoration  of  the  spirits, 
which  I  should  derive  from  spending  a  fortnight  with  you.  Pray, 
can  you  not  run  down  and  meet  us,  and  spare  me  a  few  days  ?  1 
think  we  shall  get  to  Shannondale  about  this  day  week.  Meet  us,  at 
all  events,  with  a  letter ;  and  meet  us  in  person,  if  you  can.  For  as 
I  advance  towards  old  age,  and  the  time  of  my  final  separation  from 
Virginia  draws  nigh,  my  affections  cling  with  more  anxious  and 
jealous  tenacity  to  everybody  and  everything  that  have  been  endeared 
to  me  in  that  State.  There  are  persons  and  things  and  scenes  in  old 
Virginia  of  whom  and  which  I  cannot  think,  in  connection  with  the 
thought  of  a  final  separation,  without  feelings  that  overcome  my  man- 
hood. I  feel  as  if  the  game  of  life  were  up  with  me,  —  as  if  every- 
thing like  the  joy  of  the  heart  had  perished.  I  feel  a  cold  chill  at 
the  thought  of  going  among  comparative  strangers.  There  are  few,  I 
fear,  there,  that  love  me,  out  of  ray  own  family  :  but  there  is,  at  least, 
one, — H.  T.,  a  native  of  England,  who  came  to  this  country  in  early 
youth,  and  was  intimate  with  Colonel  Gamble's  family  from  that  time 
to  this.  He  is  a  warm-hearted,  amiable,  most  excellent  man,  and  is, 
I  believe,  sincerely  attached  to  me.  But  even  he  is  not  a  lawyer, 
never  attended  the  courts  of  Fluvanna  with  me,  could  never  recite 
Gray's  bard,  —  did  not  grow  up  with  me  in  the  communication  of 
the  same  professional  hopes,  fears,  triumphs  and  disappointments ;  in 
short,  had  not  intermingled  and  intertwined  all  the  shoots,  vines, 
tendrils  of  reciprocal  affection  and  feeling  for  more  than  a  quarter 
of  a  century,  until  we  were  in  a  measure  almost  incorporated  and 
identified,  and  a  separation  becomes  not  merely  a  disengagement  of 
branches,  but  a  riving  of  the  trunk,  and  a  splitting  open  of  the  heart. 

Now,  on  the  reverse,  (for  what  is  the  use  in  brooding  only  over 
melancholy  views,) — I  go  to  Baltimore, — devote  myself  to  my  pro- 
fession,— study  law  and  eloquence  over  again, — try  experiments, — 
get  fame, — establish  my  fiimily  in  independence, — visit  my  friends  in 
Virginia  once  every  year,  and,  in  the  meantime,  correspond  with  them 
continually,  —  and,  in  due  time,  die  distinguished,  respected,  and 
sincerely  mourned,  by  a  few, — perhaps  find  time  to  leave  something 
that  may  survive,  so  as  to  be  able  to  say,  with  Horace,  "  Non  omnis 
moriar." 

This  is  cheering, — and  with  this  I  take  my  leave, — begging  my 
love  to  your  wife  and  children,  to  which  Mrs.  Wirt  asks  leave  to  add 
hers,  and  to  include  yourself. 


Chap.  VIII.]  LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER.  131 

"I  am  well, — so  I'll  keep,"  if  I  can. 

If  this  should  find  Ooalter  with  you,  give  my  love  to  him.     And 
give  it,  at  all  events,  to  Henry  Tucker.     Where  and  how  is  poor 
Holmes  ?     Pray  remember  me  kindly  to  him. 
God  bless  you ! 

Your  friend  ever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Another  to  his  daughter  : 

TO   CATHARINE    WIRT. 

B.vLTiMORE,  November  24,  1822. 
My  Dear  Catharine  : 

Yesterday  morning  I  arose  before  day, — shaved  and  dressed  by 
candle-light, — took  my  cane  and  walked  to  market.  There  are  two 
market-houses,  each  of  them  about  three  or  four  times  as  long  as  ours 
in  Washino-ton.  The  first  one  I  came  to  was  the  meat  market ;  the 
next,  which  was  nearest  the  basin,  was  the  fish  and  vegetable  market. 
0 !  what  a  quantity  of  superb  beef,  mutton,  lamb,  veal,  and  all  sorts 
of  fowls  ! — Hogsheads  full  of  wild  ducks,  geese,  pheasants,  partridges ; 
and  then,  on  one  side  of  the  market-house,  leaving  only  a  narrow  lane 
between  them,  a  line  of  wagons  and  carts  groaning  under  the  loads 
of  country  productions ;  these  wagons  and  carts  on  one  side  and  the 
market-houses  on  the  other  forming  a  lane  as  long  as  from  our  house 
to  St.  John's  Church.  I  must  not  forget  to  mention  the  loads  of 
sweet  cakes  of  all  sorts  and  fashions,  that  covered  the  outside  tables 
of  the  market-houses,  and  the  bi-eakfasts  that  were  cooking  everywhere 
all  around  for  the  country  people  who  come  many  miles  to  market. 

You  may  conceive  the  vast  quantity  of  provisions  that  must  be 
brought  to  this  market,  when  you  are  told  that  sixty  thousand  people 
draw  their  daily  supplies  from  it, — which  is  more  than  twice  as  many 
people  as  there  are  in  Washington,  Georgetown,  Alexandria  and 
llichmond,  all  put  together.  Well,  and  so,  after  I  had  walked  all 
round  and  round  and  through  the  market-house,  I  left  it  and  bent  my 
steps  towards  the  country,  and  walked  two  miles  and  a-half  out  to 
Mr.  Thompson's  to  breakfast.  It  had  been  cloudy  and  rainy  for 
several  days;  but  the  night  before  had  been  clear,  and  although  the 
road  was  still  wet,  the  morning  above  head  was  bright  and  beautiful. 
After  walking  about  a  mile  I  came  to  the  summit  of  a  hill  that  over- 
looks the  city,  and  there  I  stopped  a  moment  to  take  breath  and  look 
back  on  it.  The  (>round  had  be<;un  to  smoke  from  the  warmth  of  the 
rising  sun,  and  the  city  seemed  to  spread  itself  out  below  me  to  a  vast 
extent — a  huge  dusky  mass,  to  which  there  seemed  no  limit.  But 
towering  from  above  the  fug  was  the  Washington  Monument  (a  single 
beautiful  column  IGU  feet  iu  height,  whicli  stands  in  Howard's  Park, 
and  is  rendered  indescribably  striking  and  interesting  from  the  touching 


13: 


VISIT  TO  A  FRIEND. 


[1822— 1S23. 


solitude  of  the  scene  from  ■which  it  lifts  its  head,)  and  several  noble 
steeples  of  churches,  interspersed  throughout  the  west  of  the  city, 
whose  gilded  summits  were  now  glittering  in  the  sun.  Casting  the 
eye  over  Baltimoi-e,  it  lights  upon  the  Chesapeake  Bay,  and,  after 
■wandering  over  that  flood  of  waters,  it  rests  on  Fort  McHenry  and  its 
star-spangled  banner.  This  is  the  fort  where  our  soldiers  gained  so 
much  glory  last  war,  and  the  very  banner  with  regard  to  which  Mr. 
Key's  beautiful  song  of  the  "  Star-spangled  Banner"  was  written. 
After  feasting  my  eye  for  some  time  on  the  rich,  diversified  and 
boundless  landscape  that  lay  before  me,  meditating  on  the  future 
grandeur  of  this  city  and  the  rising  glories  of  the  nation,  I  turned 
around  my  face  to  resume  my  walk  into  the  country,  when  all  its  soft 
beauties  burst,  by  surprise,  upon  me.  For  -while  I  had  been  looking 
back  on  the  town,  bay  and  fort,  the  sun  had  risen  and  was  now  so 
high  that  its  light  was  pouring  full  upon  hill  and  valley,  field  and 
forest,  blazing  in  bright  reflection  from  all  the  eastern  windows  of  the 
hundreds  of  country-houses  that  crowned  the  heights  around  me,  and 
daneing  on  all  the  leaves  that  waved  and  wantoned  in  the  morning 
breeze.  No  city  in  the  world  has  a  more  beautiful  country  around  it 
than  Baltimore,  in  the  direction  of  the  west,  north  and  east.  In  the 
direction  of  Washington  it  is  unimproved ;  but  in  the  other  points  all 
that  could  have  been  expected  from  wealth  and  fine  taste  has  been 
accomplished.  The  grounds  which  were  originally  poor  have  been 
made  rich ;  they  lie  very  finely,  not  fiat  and  tame,  nor  yet  abrupt  and 
rugged,  but  rising  and  falling  in  forms  of  endless  diversity,  sometimes 
soft  and  gentle,  at  others  bold  and  commanding.  This  beautifully 
undulating  surface  has  been  improved  with  groat  taste,  the  fields  richly 
covered  with  grass,  the  clumps  of  trees,  groves  and  forests  pruned  of 
all  dead  limbs  and  all  deformities,  and  flourishing  in  strong  and 
healthy  luxuriance.  The  sites  for  the  houses  are  well  selected, — • 
always  upon  some  eminence,  embosomed  amid  beautiful  trees,  from 
which  their  white  fronts  peep  out  enchantingly;  for  the  houses  are 
ail  -n'hite,  which  adds  much  to  the  cheerfulness  and  grace  of  this 
unrivalled  scenery.  I  hope  one  of  these  days  to  show  it  to  you  in 
person,  and  then  you  will  be  able  to  imagine  what  a  delightful  ramble 
I  had  to  Mr.  Thompson's  yesterday  morning.  I  took  them  quite  by 
surprise;  but  it  was  a  most  agreeable  one,  and  they  were  rejoiced  to 
see  me.  Mr.  Thompson  inquired  most  kindly  after  all  in  Washing- 
ton,— and  giving  me  9  good  country  breakflist,  (most  delightful  butter,) 
brought  me  back  to  to-R-n  in  his  gig,  where  we  arrived  by  nine  o'clock, 
an  hour  before  Court.     Was  not  this  an  industrious  morning  ? 


*  *  * 

Your  aflectionate  father, 


Wm.  Wirt. 


Chap.  VIII.]  LETTER  TO  THE  PRESIDENT.  133 

Turning  from  these  scenes  and  incidents  of  domestic  life  to  graver 
cares,  I  am  able  to  furnish  an  agreeable  exposition  of  the  political 
sentiments  which  governed  the  Attorney-General,  in  the  discharge  of 
his  cabinet  duties. 

The  reader  will  observe,  in  the  following  letter,  with  what  prompt 
and  responsive  appreciation  of  high  merit  Mr.  Wirt  sought  the  oppor- 
tunity to  promote  the  honour  of  the  nation  and  to  render  a  just  tribute 
to  an  eminent  man,  vrithout  regard  to,  and  even  in  defiance  of  the 
political  antagonism  which  party  domination,  even  at  that  da}',  was 
too  much  accustomed  to  regard  as  an  insepai-able  disqualification. 

Upon  the  death  of  Judge  Livingston,  of  the  bench  of  the  Supreme 
Court,  in  1823,  the  President  offered  the  appointment  to  Mr.  Smith 
Thompson,  then  the  Secretary  of  the  Navy.  This  gentleman  was 
very  reluctant  to  accept  the  office,  and  for  some  time  the  question  of 
the  appointment  was  held  in  suspense.  During  this  interval  the  name 
of  Chancellor  Kent  was  brought  into  view  by  his  friends  in  New 
York,  as  one  eminently  worthy  of  the  attention  of  the  Government. 
The  only  objection  that  could  be  raised  to  this  most  distinguished 
jurist  and  most  excellent  man  was,  that  he  belonged  to  the  Federal 
party ;  and  the  two  great  political  divisions  of  the  (5ountry  had  not 
yet  fallen  into  a  temper  of  conciliation  sufficiently  mild  to  allow  this 
objection  to  be  overlooked  by  the  President,  however  personally  well 
disposed  he  might  be  to  break  down  a  barrier  which  had  hitherto 
excluded  many  of  the  best  men  of  the  nation  from  the  public  ser\dce. 
]\Ir.  Wirt  took  a  very  decided  stand  in  favour  of  the  appointment,  and 
wrote  a  strong  letter  to  the  President,  urging  upon  him  the  import- 
ance of  setting  aside  all  party  considerations  upon  this  question.  The 
subsequent  reconsideration  by  IMr.  Thompson  of  his  refusal  to  accept 
the  place,  put  an  end  to  the  discussion,  and  rendered  it  unnecessary 
for  Mr.  Monroe  to  make  a  decision  upon  the  matter  submitted  to  him 
by  the  Attorney-General. 

I  present  an  extract  from  the  letter  referred  to : 

TO  THE  PRESIDENT  OF  THE  UNITED  STATES. 

Baltimore,  May  5,  1823. 
Dear,  Sir  : 

I  received  the  day  before  yesterday  the  enclosed  address  from  the 
New  York  bar,  which  was  intended  to  pass  through  my  hands  to  you. 

Vol.  XL  — 12 


134 


CHANCELLOR  KENT. 


[1822—1823. 


I  sincerely  wish  Judge  Thompson  could  see  his  interest  in  re- 
lieving you  from  this  embarrassment  by  accepting  the  appointment. 
If  he  will  not,  can  you  make  an  appointment  more  acceptable  to  the 
nation  than  that  of  Judge  Kent  ?  I  know  that  one  of  the  factions 
in  New  York  would  take  it  in  high  dudgeon  at  first.  Probably,  too, 
some  of  the  most  heated  republicans  and  interested  radicals  who  seize 
every  topic  for  cavil,  might,  in  every  quarter  of  the  Union,  harp  a 
little,  for  a  time,  on  the  same  string.  But  Kent  holds  so  lofty  a  stand 
everywhere  for  almost  matchless  intellect  and  learning,  as  well  as  for 
spotless  purity  and  high-minded  honour  and  patriotism,  that  I  firmly 
believe  the  nation  at  large  would  approve  and  applaud  the  appoint- 
ment. It  would  sustain  itself  and  soon  put  down  the  petty  cavils 
which  might  at  first  assail  it. 

The  appointment  of  a  judge  of  the  Supreme  Court  is  a  national 
and  not  a  local  concern. 

The  importance  of  that  court  in  the  administration  of  the  Federal 
Government,  begins  to  be  generally  understood  and  acknowledged. 
The  local  irntations  at  some  of  their  decisions  in  particular  Cjuartors 
(as  in  Virginia  and  Kentucky  for  instance)  are  greatly  overbalanced 
by  the  general  approbation  with  which  those  same  decisions  have  been 
received  throughout  the  Union.  If  there  are  a  few  exasperated  por- 
tions of  our  people  who  would  be  for  narrowing  the  sphere  of  action 
of  that  court  and  subduing  its  energies  to  gratify  popular  clamour, 
there  is  a  far  gTcater  number  of  our  countrymen  who  would  wish  to 
see  it  in  the  free  and  independent  exercise  of  its  constitutional  powers, 
as  the  best  means  of  preserving  the  Constitution  itself.  The  Consti- 
tution is  the  public  property  of  the  United  States.  The  people  have 
a  right  to  expect  that  the  best  means  will  be  adopted  to  preserve  it 
entire :  which  can  be  no  otherwise  ensured  than  by  orsanizinjr  each 
department  under  it,  in  such  a  manner  as  to  enable  it  to  perform  its 
functions  with  the  fullest  effect.  It  is  now  seen  on  every  hand,  that 
the  functions  to  be  performed  by  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United 
States  are  among  the  most  diflScult  and  perilous  which  are  to  be  per- 
formed under  the  Constitution.  They  demand  the  loftiest  range  of 
talents  and  learning  and  a  soul  of  Iloman  purity  and  firmness.  The 
questions  which  come  before  them  frequently  involve  the  fate  of  the 
Constitution,  the  happiness  of  the  whole  nation,  and  even  its  peace  as 
it  concerns  other  nations. 

It  is  in  this  view  of  the  subject  I  have  said  that  the  appointment 
of  a  judge  of  the  Suprene  Court  is  a  national  and  not  a  local  concern  : 
■and  therefore,  in  making  the  appointment,  I  think  that  instead  cif 
consulting  the  feelings  of  local  factions,  (whose  heat,  as  Dean  Swift 
says,  is  always  in  proportion  to  their  want  of  light),  and  instead  of 
consulting  the  little  and  narrow  views  of  exasperated  parties,  a  Presi- 
dent of  the  United  States  should  look  to  the  good  of  the  lohok  country, 


Chap.  VIII.]         ON  EXECUTIVE  APPOINTMENTS. 


135 


to  their  great  and  permanent  interests,  and  not  to  tlie  opliemeral 
wbiius  and  exacerbations  of  the  day. 

A  mediocre  appointment  \\-ould  be  regarded  as  a  sacrifice  to  the 
local  factions  in  New  York,  or  as  a  sacrifice  to  the  contracted  preju- 
dices of  the  most  contracted  of  our  own  party  there  and  elsewhere. 
And  I  do  verily  believe  that  such  an  appointment  to  the  bench  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  would  occasion  more  mortification  and  disgust,  and 
draw  down  on  the  President  far  more  censure  than  could  resvilt  from 
the  appointment  of  Judge  Kent.  Every  enlightened  man  in  the 
country  would  censure  such  an  appointment ;  and  it  would  be  a  cen- 
sure that  would  last,  because  it  would  be  founded  in  reason.  Irrational 
censures  which  result  from  blind  prejudice  soon  perish  in  their  own 
insignificance :  but  those  which  are  dictated  by  truth  and  reason  are 
seldom  got  rid  of.  History  lays  hold  upon  them  and  deduces  from 
them  the  character  of  the  appointing  power.  If  the  appointment  has 
looked,  with  a  fearless  eye,  to  the  great  and  lasting  interests  of  the 
nation,  the  attribute  of  magnanimity  is  stamped  in  imperishable  cha- 
racters on  the  appointor,  "if,  on  the  contrary,  an  appointment  to  so 
high  a  place  has  been  conferred  on  an  inferior  and  comparatively  in- 
significant character,  through  deference  to  local  feelings  and  party 
prejudices,  it  fixes  on  the  appointor  a  character  of  feeble,  contracted 
and  time-serving  views,  which  will  cleave  to  him  on  the  page  of  his- 
tory, long  after  the  parties  which  gave  rise  to  it  have  ceased  to  exist 
and  have  been  forgotten. 

The  strongest  features  in  your  administration  have  been  the  bold- 
ness, the  independence  and  magnanimity  of  your  course,  —  the  high- 
minded  and  just  confidence  which  that  course  has  evinced  in  the  virtue 
and  wisdom  of  the  people,  —  the  doing  the  thing  which  is  right  in 
itself,  in  the  fhm  reliance  that,  whatever  little  transitory  eiforvescences 
it  may  produce,  the  people  will  ultimately  ratify  and  approve  it.  This 
is  the  true  criterion  of  a  genuine  republican  administration  ;  and  it 
will  be  conceded,  among  all  candid  men,  to  have  marked  yours  in  a 
pre-eminent  degree.  Will  it  be  in  keeping  with  the  other  measures 
of  your  administration,  to  fill  such  an  ofiice  as  this  with  an  inferior 
character,  from  deference  to  local  and  party  feelings  ? 

I  am  not  so  visionary  as  to  suppose  that  the  thing  which  is  best  in 
the  abstract  can,  in  the  present  state  of  parties,  or  perhaps  in  any 
state  of  them  which  we  can  hope  for  under  our  Government,  be  always 
safely  and  prudently  done.  I  know  that  there  must  be  some  sacrifice 
to  popular  prejudices,  even  to  enable  the  President  to  mitigate  the 
rage  of  party  itself.  But  the  field  of  appointments  is  wide,  and  there 
is  room  enough  for  this  sacrifice,  without  invading  the  bench  of  the 
Supreme  Court.  That  bench  should  be  set  apart,  and  consecrated  to 
talent  and  virtue,  without  regard  to  the  shades  of  political  opinion  by 
which  its  members  may  have  been  or  may  still  be  distinguished.  If, 
indeed,  a  man  were  a  violent,  bitter  and  persecuting  federal  partisan, 


136  THE  SUPREME  COURT.  [1822— 1S23. 

intolerant  of  opposite  opinions,  I  would  not  place  him  there  :  for  that 
is  a  cast  of  character  which,  whether  he  belonged  to  the  one  side  or 
the  other,  would  disqualify  him  for  a  seat  there,  or  anywhere  else 
where  judgment  was  to  be  coolly  and  impartially  exercised.  This, 
however,  is  not  the  character  of  Judge  Kent.  He  may  have  been 
decided  in  his  political  character,  —  but  I  never  heard  that  he  was 
intolerant,  or  that  there  was  any  thing  like  littleness  or  persecution 
in  his  composition.  His  conversation  and  manners  are  indicative 
only  of  a  simplicity  almost  infantile,  and  of  the  most  perfect  kindness 
and  suavity  of  disposition ; — and  such,  I  have  understood,  has  always 
been  his  character.  Judging  by  what  I  have  seen  of  him,  and  by 
all  that  I  have  ever  heard,  he  is  as  benignant  and  patriotic  as  he  is 
admitted  on  all  hands  to  be  great  and  enlightened. 

With  regard  to  the  great  subject  of  state  rights,  which  has  produced 
so  much  excitement  in  Virginia  and  Kentucky,  it  happens  that,  if  he 
has  any  leaning,  it  is  rather  in  favour  of  state  rights.  This  has  been 
shown  by  his  decisions  in  the  steamboat  cases,  where  he  has  uniformly 
upheld  the  state  laws  of  New  York  against  all  the  objections  which 
could  be  raised  of  their  repugnance  to  the  Constitution  and  laws  of 
the  United  States. 

There  is  one  other  view  of  this  subject  with  which  I  will  trouble 
you.  Federal  politics  are  no  ways  dangerous  on  the  bench  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  while  the  federalists  who  may  fill  that  bench  are  in 
their  characters  mild,  virtuous,  patriotic,  and  enlightened.  There  is 
no  danger  that  that  court  will  ever  act  over  the  scenes  with  which 
Bromley,  Scroggs  and  Jcflferies  disgraced  the  English  bench.  The 
Supreme  Court  has  no  criminal  jurisdiction  at  all,  except  what  Con- 
gress chooses  to  give  it,  or  to  permit  it  to  retain.  And  as  long  as 
Congi-ess  is  in  the  hands  of  the  people,  there  is  a  restraining  power 
over  the  authority  of  that  court  which  will  always  render  it  harmless 
to  the  country,  even  if  it  were  viciously  disposed,  and  were  not 
amenable  to  impeachment.  In  this  view,  I  should  have  no  fear  of 
the  politics  of  Judge  Kent,  even  if  they  were  of  a  stronger  character 
than  I  believe  them  to  be. 

I  admit  that  it  is  highly  probable  his  appointment  would,  at  first, 
produce  considerable  excitement :  but  it  would  be  verj^  short-lived. 
The  very  first  opinion  that  he  delivered  on  the  bench  would  extin- 
guish it,  and  i)rove  that  his  appointment  was  in  perfect  harmony  with 
all  the  great  and  bold  measures  of  your  administration.  I  have  no 
doubt  that  it  would,  in  the  end,  become  unanimously  popular,  and 
redound  equally  to  the  honour  of  yourself  and  him. 

I  expressed  these  opinions  to  JMr.  Calhoun  two  months  ago,  and  he 
concurred  in  them.  I  mention  this  to  guard  against  your  admitting, 
for  a  moment,  the  thought  that  I  have  been  urged  to  what  I  have 
written  by  the  request  of  the  New  York  bar. 

This  letter  results  purely  from  my  afiection  for  you,  and  my  soliei- 


Chap.  VIII.] 


LETTER  TO  POPE. 


137 


tude  tliat  you  stoukl  do,  on  every  occasion,  as  you  have  all  along  done, 
what  is  most  for  your  own  honour  and  the  good  of  the  country. 

With  regard  to  New  York,  it  is  enough  tliat  you  name  a  successor 
from  that  State  :  it  would  be  going,  1  humbly  think,  too  far  not  only 
to  let  her  furnish  the  judge  from  her  citizens,  but  to  name  the  indi- 
vidual. Still  worse  would  it  be  to  pcn'mit,  not  the  State,  but  a  faction 
in  that  State,  to  name  the  individual,  or  in  any  manner  to  narrow  the 
range  of  your  choice. 

I  am  sure  you  will  excuse  this  long  letter,  knowing  as  you  do  the 
motives  from  which  alone  it  can  flow,  and  that  you  will  believe  me, 
as  I  have  ever  been, 

Your  devoted  friend  and  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

We  change  to  gayer  topics  in  the  nest  letter. 


TO   WILLIAM   POPE. 

Washington,  June  5,  1833. 
Mv  ExcELLEN'T  Friend  : 

Your  letter  of  the  first  of  May  found  me  at  Baltimore,  plunged  up 
to  the  chin  in  law-suits.  I  never  like  to  wi'ite  to  you  when  my  mind 
is  pressed  with  business.  I  love  to  be  at  my  ease,  that  I  may  talk 
all  imaginable  nonsense  with  you,  free  from  the  reproaches  of  con- 
science that  I  am,  in  the  meanwhile,  neglecting  serious  business. 
Vour  letters  are  always  most  welcome  to  me ;  but  of  late  years,  since 
misfortunes  have  fallen  on  my  friends  in  Virginia,  and  since  my  own 
destiny  seems  to  have  separated  me  forever  from  that  beloved  State, 
they  are  the  music  which  Ossian  describes  —  "The  memory  of  joys 
that  are  past  —  pleasant  and  mournful  to  the  soul." 

When  alone  and  unengaged  with  business,  my  mind  finds  a  pensive 
pleasure  in  running  back  to  scenes  we  have  enjoyed  together,  and 
retracing  every  incident  that  aiForded  us  so  luuch  light-hearted  and 
innocent  amusement.  That  same  Hock  Castle  dinner  shines  conspic- 
uous in  this  backward  view.  Do  you  remember  what  a  fury  our 
friend  Davy  got  into  with  O'Reilly's  horse,  for  running  in  among  the 

corn?  —  "D n  the  horse!"  —  "God  forgive  me,"  quoth  Davy. 

And  then  —  "I'll  be  dah\l :"  —  and  the  negro  mimic  at  Saunders' 
store;  —  and  the  crossing  the  river  at  night  to  old  Mead's,  —  not  to 
say  any  thing  of  the  scene  in  the  ferry-boat,  —  when  you  surprised 
O'llcilly  so  much  by  rushing  in  alongside  of  him  on  h')rsebark. — 
"  Oh  !  the  days  !"  ]3ut  among  them  all,  that  long  trip  at  Powhatan 
court-house,  when  we  had  up  the  case  of  Conrad  Webb,  an  1  old 
Osbourne's  will,  —  and  used  to  retreat  of  evenings,  and  on  Saturdays 
and  Sundays,  to  the  sweet  shade  and  tranquillity  of  Montpelier. 
That  was  a  charming  time.  Every  thing  in  the  trip  was  delightful, 
12* 


138  RETROSPECTIOXS.  [1822—1823. 


—  not  excepting  Daniel  Call's  head  "waving  like  a  flag  on  the  turn- 
pike." "But  the  days  are  gone."  Oh!  through  what  sad  times 
have  we  lived,  my  dear  Pope  —  what  distressing  reverses  of  fortune 
among  our  friends !         *  *  *  *         "^y^  ourselves,  too, 

have  so  certainly  seen  our  best  and  brightest  days,  and  have  so  little 
ahead  to  expect,  that  I  feel  continually  disposed  to  cry  out  with  the 
preacher  —  "  All  is  vanity  and  vexation  of  spirit."  And  yet  you, 
my  dear  friend,  are  just  as  fresh  and  buoyant  as  if  you  were  only 
seventeen,  and  had  the  whole  fairy  world  of  youthful  imag-ination  still 
before  you.  "What  a  treasure  is  such  a  flouiishing,  such  a  perennial 
flow  of  ever-living,  ever-sparkling  spmts !  Would  that  I  could  be 
near  you  to  see  if  they  are  still  to  be  caught  by  contagion  !  But  it  is 
extremely  dubious  whether  I  shall  be  able  to  come  to  Virginia  this 
summer.  I  have  tiu'ned  into  the  practice  of  the  law,  might  and 
main,  as  a  refuge  both  from  poverty  and  low  spirits.  As  yet,  I  have 
no  reason  to  complain  of  my  success.  It  keeps  me  pretty  closely 
engaged.  I  have  been  in  Baltimore  for  five  weeks,  and  in  a  few  da3's 
shall  go  to  Annapolis,  where  I  shall  probably  be  detained  till  some 
time  iu  Jul}-.  In  the  course  of  that  month  I  may  be  required  to 
attend  an  intermediate  court  at  the  Bowling;  Glreen,  for  the  arcnmient 
of  a  cause  between  Henry  Lee,  son  of  the  General,  and  3Ir.  Stuart. 
The  latter  is  my  client.  Should  this  take  place,  I  shall,  as  at  present 
advised,  go  on,  after  the  argument  is  over,  to  Eichmond,  and  will 
write  you  as  to  the  precise  time  as  soon  as  I  know  it  myself  I  need 
not  tell  you  what  sincere  pleasure  it  would  affoi-d  me  to  accompany 
you  in  your  projected  visit  to  Albemarle ;  but  this  is  more  happiness 
than  I  dare  to  hope  for.  Besides,  on  reflection,  almost  all  that  we 
cared  for  in  Albemarle  are  dead  and  gone,  and  to  me  it  would  be  a 
visit  to  the  tombs  of  departed  friends.  The  present  generation  is 
almost  entirely  new  to  me. 

This  is  a  croaking  letter,  my  dear  Pope,  and  I  am  really  almost 
ashamed  to  send  it.  Do  not  infer  from  it  that  you  would  find  me  a 
melancholy  companion.  In  company  that  pleases  me  I  am  as  gaj, 
to  all  appearance,  as  ever;  and  as  well  calculated  to  join  in  and 
provoke  the  laugh.  It  is  only  when  in  solitude  I  look  back  to  things 
as  they  were,  and  compare  them  with  things  as  they  are,  that  the  cold 
cloud  comes  over  my  heart.     But  enough  and  too  much  of  this. 

Pray  continue  to  write  to  me.  I  wish  we  could  have  had  one 
evening  at  jMontpelier  as  I  came  down  from  Mr.  Cabell's,  but  I  would 
not  have  consented  to  your  turning  back  —  that  was  out  of  the  ques- 
tion. I  was  desirous,  however,  of  seeing  and  hearing  you  overflow 
once  more  in  conversation,  and  convincing  j'ou  that  our  separation 
had  made  no  change  in  my  feelings  towards  you.  In  truth,  I  wanted 
one  of  our  old  time's  joyous,  uproarious  talks  with  you.  If  I  do 
come  to  Riclnnoud  I  will  go  to  see  you,  and  I  will  carry  up  ^lajor 
Clarke  with  me, — and  you  shall  get  Morris  over, — and  we  will  have, 


Chap.  VIII.]  ANNAPOLIS  AND   BALTIMORE.  139 

at  least,  one  heavenly  day.  How  is  my  dear  Moms?  He  is  one 
of  those  acquaintances  it  always  gives  me  pleasure  to  think  I  have 
made  in  this  mortal  pilgrimage.  His  friendship  is  among  the  few 
bright  spots  in  my  retrospect.  I  take  it  for  granted  that  you  and  ho 
still  continue  to  set  your  horses  amicably  together.  Talking  of  horses 
—  pray  what  has  become  of  Morgan  Rattler,  of  whom  I  think  much 
more  sentimentally  than  I  do  of  Eclipse  or  Henry  ?  Apropos — what 
became  of  your  promised  visit  to  Washington,  last  winter  ?  I  gave 
you  the  information  you  wanted,  and  it  was  such  as  I  supposed  was 
to  insure  your  coming  on ;  but  I  heard  no  more  of  it.  I  wish  I  had 
you  with  me  on  this  trip  to  Annapolis.  It  is  one  of  the  prettiest 
places  in  the  world ;  and  we  have  both  an  agreeable  court  and  bar. 
They  are,  in  truth,  merry  dogs  —  love  a  joke  to  the  core  —  and  you 
would  fit  them  to  a  T.  And  then,  we  would  take  the  steamboat  by 
Baltimore,  home.  And  Baltimore,  let  me  tell  you,  is  a  place  worth 
looking  at  —  the  third  city  in  the  Union  —  with  a  more  beautiful 
^^cinage  than  any  city  in  the  world.  And  you  have  never  seen 
Washington  in  summer  apparel.  You  have  never  mounted  those 
heights  and  looked  down  upon  three  cities  at  your  feet.  You  have 
never  seen  the  big  Falls  of  Potomac  —  you  have  never  inspected  Fort 
Washington,  nor  rolled  on  the  bay  in  a  steamboat.  In  short,  I  doubt 
exceedingly,  if  the  trip  would  not  afford  you  more  interest  than  your 
sentimental  journey  to  the  Barracks  3  unless,  indeed,  you  could  have 
Bullock  and  Phil.  Gooch  along  to  act  over  again  the  farce  of  the 


shinfrle 


Pray,  who  are  those  wi'iters  in  the  Enquirer  —  Pendleton  and 
Wythe  ? — Ptitchie  is,  I  have  always  thought,  as  honourable  and  pure 
a  fellow  as  any  that  treads  on  the  soil  of  Virginia  —  and  his  opinions 
of  men  and  things  are  as  conscientiously  formed  as  any  man's  —  but 
he  does  not  always  see  the  whole  ground  —  and  he  is  both  a  little  too 
prompt  and  a  little  too  obstinate. 

AVith  regard  to  the  presidential  question,  I  have  thought  it  most 
consistent  with  delicacy,  as  a  member  of  the  cabinet,  to  withhold  the 
expression  of  any  opinion  the  one  way  or  the  other.  From  my  situa- 
tion, and  the  opportunities  which  it  gives  me  of  knowing  the  candi- 
dates, it  is  at  least  possible  that  more  weight  might  be  attached  to  my 
opinions  than  they  deserve ;  and,  unless  the  country  were  in  greater 
danger  than  I  suppose,  in  this  controversy  I  should  not  think  it^  fair 
or  proper  to  make  use  of  any  such  factitious  weight  in  favour  of  the 
one  candidate  or  the  other. 

The  President,  from  the  same  course  of  thinking  and  feeling,  which 
apnlies,  however,  with  increased  force  to  him,  has  observed  the  most 
pertect  neutrality ;  and  I  know  no  man  better  qualified  to  mark  out 
the  path  of  prudence  to  another.  I  have  a  preference,  however;— - 
and  it  is  highly  probable  that  we  agree  j  though  you  have  not  said 
enough  cither  to  mark  your  own  opinion,  or  to  make  this  conjectm-e 


140  THE  SUPREME  COURT.  [1824. 

of  our  agreement  a  commitment  on  my  side, — wliich,  fur  the  reasons 
already  given,  I  had  rather  avoid  at  present.  It  is  not  impossible  I 
■may  adopt  a  different  course  before  the  affair  is  over  —  and  certainly 
will,  if  my  duty  to  our  common  country  should  seem  to  require  it. 

Mrs.  Wirt  and  family  are  very  thankful  to  you  for  your  kind  recol- 
lection of  them.  I  need  not  tell  you  what  a  favourite  you  are  with 
them  all  —  nor  how  happy  they  as  well  as  I  would  be  to  see  you  and 
yom-s. 

I  have  written  you  here  a  very  long,  vapid  letter,  in  the  hope  of 
drawing  a  very  long  and  gay  one  from  you.  Pray  write,  and  tell  me 
something  of  your  professional  goings  on.  Have  you  had  no  comical 
cases  lately  ?  Our  love  to  Mrs.  Pope  and  dear  Lucy  Ann — how  are 
they  ?     "  Farewell  awhile — I  will  not  leave  you  long." 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


CHAPTER   IX. 

1824. 

THE  SUPREME  COURT. — NEW  YORK  STEAMBOAT  CASE. — EXTRACT 
OF  A  SPEECH  IN  REPLY  TO  EMMETT. PRESIDENTIAL  ELEC- 
TIONS.   CANDIDATES. STATE    OF    PARTIES. THE    PRESIDENT 

AND  CABINET  ABSTAIN  FROM  INTERFERING  IN  THE  CANVASS. 
LETTERS  TO  CARR,  MORRIS  AND  POPE. LA  FAYETTE's  RE- 
CEPTION    AND     PROGRESS. ANECDOTE     OF     LORD    STIRLING. 

LETTER  FROM  GILMER  IN  ENGLAND.  —  SHAKSPEARE's  HOUSE. 
—  DEATH  OF  ROBERT,  THE  ELDEST  SON  OF  THE  ATTORNEY- 
GENERAL. 

I  COME  now  to  notice,  once  more,  the  labours  of  the  Attorney- 
General  in  the  Supreme  Court.  The  reader  has  had  frequent  occa- 
sion to  observe,  in  the  coiirse  of  these  Memoirs,  how  rarely  the  duties 
of  my  task  have  led  me  to  offer  even  a  sketch  of  the  proceedings  of 
the  courts  iu  which  Mr.  Wirt  was  so  constantly  engaged.  Apart 
from  the  consideration,  that  any  attempt  to  present  such  proceedings, 
even  in  a  general  narrative  of  them,  to  the  reader,  would  but  lead  to 
a  most  tedious  and  uninteresting  enlargement  of  these  volumes,  I 
should  find  still  greater  motive  to  avoid  it,  in  the  fact  that  uo  memo- 


Chap.  IX.] 


CHANGES  OF  LIFE. 


141 


rials  exist  of  these  proceedings,  and  especially  of  tlio  participation  of 
the  counsel  in  them,  beyond  the  skeleton  notes  and  memoranda  which 
constitute  the  lawyer's  brief,  or  the  yet  more  imperfect  outline  which 
is  found  in  the  reporter's  analysis  of  the  points  of  law  which  may 
have  been  discussed. 

The  fame  of  the  greatest  lawyers,  so  far  as  it  is  built  up  in  the 
active  labours  of  the  forum,  rests  proverbially  upon  a  most  slippery 
basis.  No  man  has  yet  earned  a  reputation  that  has  outlived  the 
generation  who  witnessed  his  triumphs,  upon  the  mere  faith  of  a 
reporter's  notes.  We  have  an  indistinct  rumour,  an  imperfect  tradition 
of  the  glories  of  an  old  forensic  renown,  in  some  remembered  name 
of  the  last  century.  We  turn  to  the  reports  to  find  some  picture  of 
that  rich  and  glowing  mind  which  is  said  to  have  wrought  effects 
almost  mu-aculous  upon  the  auditors  of  the  courts  in  the  past  time, 
and  to  have  swayed  the  multitude,  in  its  day,  with  a  command  which 
none  could  resist.  How  "shrunken  and  wooden"  do  we  find  the 
carved  image  of  that  fame  in  these  dusty  crypts  of  the  law !  "VVe 
look  elsewhere  in  vain.  The  overlaboured  actor  himself  has  had  no 
time  or  no  inclination  to  embody  and  preserve  the  brilliant  thoughts 
or  the  learned  reason  which,  in  the  utterance,  so  dazzled  and  charmed 
the  hearers.  The  finer  essences  have  fled  —  the  dead  skeleton  only 
remains.  Even  in  the  lifetime  of  the  oracle,  the  new  generation 
grows  up  around  him, — hearing  only  some  remembered  notes  of  that 
sweet  music,  which,  day  by  day,  are  growing  less  distinct,  and  whose 
last  echoes  fade  before  the  minstrel  himself  has  sunk  into  the  tomb. 
Such  is  the  fame  which  has  no  better  organ  than  the  tongue, — 

"A  thing  beyond  us,  e'en  before  our  death." 

Mr.  Wirt's  fate,  in  this  respect,  forms  no  exception  to  that  of  the 
mass  of  his  profession.  We  have  seen  how  laboriously  he  had  toiled 
through  the  never-ending  engagements  of  his  position.  He  was  at 
this  period  of  his  life  employed  in  the  greater  number  of  the  most 
important  cases  in  the  Supreme  Court.  He  was  also  deeply  immersed 
in  the  practice  of  the  courts  of  Baltimore  and  Annapolis.  His  busi- 
ness seemed  to  be  under  a  daily  increase,  until  it  now  engrossed  nearly 
every  moment  of  his  time,  and,  as  we  have  already  observed,  seriously 
impaii-ed  his  health.     His  family  was  large;  his  sons  and  daughters 


142  NEW  YORK  STEAMBOAT  CASE.  [1824. 

were  fast  advancing  to  that  age  wlien  they  were  to  be  introduced 
upon  the  stage  of  active  life ;  his  expenses,  of  course,  were  enlarged ; 
new  comforts,  new  luxuries,  new  necessaries  were  to  be  provided. 
An  abundant  and  profitable  practice  met  all  these  new  demands :  but 
his  gay  castles  in  the  air  began  to  vanish,  and  many  a  gilded  fancy, 
which  floated  around  the  head  of  the  ardent  adventurer,  from  the 
days  of  his  earlier  manhood,  now  departed  to  that  region  of  happy 
dreams,  which  has  drawn  its  stores  of  gaudy  relies  from  human  cre- 
dulity and  hope  ever  since  man  deserted  the  realms  of  Paradise. 

At  this  time  a  case  of  great  importance,  and  which  gained  great 
celebrity,  was  about  to  be  argued  before  the  Supreme  Court.  It  is 
well  known  to  the  profession  as  the  Steamboat  Case,  from  New  York, 
— Gibbons  against  Ogdcn, — reported  in  the  ninth  volume  of  Wheaton. 
Wirt  and  Webster  were  associated  for  the  appellant,  Gibbons.  Oak- 
ley and  Emmett  were  opposed  to  them.  It  is  said  by  the  bar,  that 
no  cause,  up  to  that  date,  in  the  Supreme  Court,  had  ever  excited  a 
greater  degree  of  interest  and  expectation  in  the  country  than  this : 
that  none  was  ever  argued  with  greater  ability.  The  chief  question 
in  the  case  was — whether  certain  laws  of  New  York,  which  conferred 
upon  Messrs.  Fulton  and  Livingston  the  exclusive  right  to  navigate 
the  waters  of  that  State  with  steamboats,  were  or  were  not  in  violation 
of  the  Constitution  of  the  United  States.  Messrs.  Wirt  and  Webster 
affirmed  and  sustained  the  unconstitutionality  of  these  laws,  with  great 
power  of  argument,  learning  and  illustration.  Their  opponents,  with 
the  zeal  natural  to  the  citizens  of  the  great  State  which  had  granted 
the  exclusive  privilege,  and  with  all  the  resources  which  the  highest 
legal  attainments  and  the  most  accomplished  skill  could  supply,  vin- 
dicated the  laws  in  question.  It  is  said  to  have  been  a  most  brilliant 
passage  at  arnis  in  a  forensic  tourney.  The  New  Yorkers  were  un- 
successful. The  Court  decided  the  case  in  favour  of  the  appellants. 
Mr.  Wirt's  speech  is  preserved  in  the  report.  It  was  wi'itten  out  by 
himself,  and  is  said  to  be  "  entirely  conclusive."  Still,  however,  it  is 
not  the  actual  speech  itself,  —  though  it  embodies,  perhaps  fully 
enough,  all  the  strong  points.  Those  who  have  witnessed  Mr.  Wirt's 
oratorical  efforts,  will  testify  to  the  difficulty  of  ever  furnishing  an 
exact  report,  even  by  himself,  of  the  finest  passages  in  which  his  taste 
often  led  him  to  indulge.     He  was  in  the  habit  often  of  turning  aside 


Chap.  IX.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


143 


from  the  direct  patcli  of  argument,  to  amuse  himself  and  his  hearers 
with  an  occasional  gambol  of  wit  or  fancy,  which  came  with  most  grace- 
ful playfulness  to  rclieA'e  the  stress  and  weariness  of  mere  dialectics. 
These  digressions  he  could  not  report,  or  if  he  could,  his  taste  or  judg- 
ment would  be  apt  to  reject  them  as  unsuitable  to  a  grave  exposition 
of  his  argument.  All  such  passages  were,  therefore,  apt  to  evaporate 
under  his.  hand.  In  the  case  before  us,  there  is  one  passage,  however, 
which,  as  it  had  a  particular  point  in  reference  to  the  adversary  argu- 
ment, has  been  preserved  ;  and  although  not  new  to  the  professional 
reader,  it  will  doubtless  interest  many  who  may  peruse  these  Me- 
moirs. 

Before  I  proceed  to  lay  this  extract  before  my  reader,  I  must  invite 
his  attention  to  the  following  letter,  which  gives  a  short  and  pleasant 
note  of  preparation  for  the  combat  which  was  then  in  expectation  : 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Washington,  February  1,  1824. 

*  *  *  *  * 

Calhoun  advised  me  the  other  day  to  study  less  and  trust  more  to 
genius ;  and  I  believe  the  advice  is  sound.  He  has  certainly  practised 
on  his  own  precepts,  and  has  become,  justly,  a  distinguished  man.  It 
may  do  very  well  in  politics,  where  a  proposition  has  only  to  be  com- 
pared with  general  principles  with  which  the  politician  is  familiar. 
But  a  lawyer  must  understand  the  particular  facts  and  questions 
which  arise  in  his  cause,  before  genius  has  any  materials  to  work 
upon  :  and  in  that  preparator}'  examination  consists  the  labour  of  the 
profession.  The  official  questions  which  are  propounded  to  me,  too, 
are  all  out  of  the  usual  walks  of  my  profession,  and  call  upon  me  to 
explore  new  paths,  and  frequently  to  chop  out  an  original  trace,  with 
my  own  hands,  through  the  wilderness.  My  opinion  books  are  full 
of  this  labour,  and  will  save  much  trouble  to  my  successor.  If  they 
were  published  they  would  do  me  more  honour  than  anything  else  I 
have  ever  done.  This  I  confess  is  modest,  but  I  am  writing  to  a 
friend. 

To-morrow  begin  my  toils  in  the  Supreme  Court,  and  about  to- 
morrow week  will  come  on  the  great  steamboat  question  from  New 
York.  Emmctt  and  Oakley  on  one  side,  Webster  and  myself  on  the 
other.  Come  down  and  hear  it.  Emmett's  whole  soul  is  in  the  cause, 
and  he  will  stretch  all  his  powers.  Oakley  is  said  to  be  one  of  the 
fii-st  losficians  of  the  ao-e ;  as  much  a  Phocion  as  Enimett  is  a  Themis- 
tocles ;  and  Webster  is  as  ambitious  as  Cajsar.  He  will  not  be  out- 
done by  any  man,  if  it  is  within  the  compass  of  his  power  to  avoid  it. 


144  THE  STEAMBOAT  CASE.  [1S24. 

It  -ffill  be  a  combat  worth  -witnessing.  I  bave  tbe  last  speecb,  and 
have  yet  to  study  tbe  cause ;  but  I  know  tbe  facts,  and  bave  only  to 
weave  tbe  argument.  Now  if  you  will  come  down,  you  will  kill  two 
birds  witb  one  stone.  We  will  fost  feast  you,  and  tben  cure  you  and 
send  you  borne  a  well  man.  Don't  make  ligbt  of  this  proposition, 
and  put  me  oif  witb  "  I  wisb  it  was  in  my  power."  It  is  in  your 
power.  You  bave  only  to  will  it  and  it  is  done,  and  tbat  you  ougbt 
to  will  it,  beaven  and  earth  know.  If  you  do  not,  you  will  be  quite 
as  much  to  blame  as  the  man  who  kills  himself  with  strong  drink. 
In  point  of  morality,  there  will  be  no  difference  between  you.  You 
cannot  make  a  sound  distinction  between  the  two  cases,  to  save  your 
life.  So  do  tbe  thing  that  is  right,  and  give  us  none  of  your  "  clish- 
macJaver,"  as  Burns  says. 

To  be  serious,  my  dear  friend,  let  me  conjure  you  to  remember  that 
this  is  a  case  of  life  and  death  with  you,  and  I  beseech  you  on  the 
bended  knees  of  my  heart,  to  be  prompt  and  decisive  in  your  efforts 
at  recovery.  You  know  bow  submissively  I  yielded  myself  to  your 
friendly  importunity  when  my  own  life  was  thought  in  danger,  and 
do  not  let  me  beg  you  in  vain,  now  that  tbe  case  is  reversed.  I  bave 
done. 

I  shall  not  be  able  to  write  to  you  again  during  the  session  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  but  do  you  write  to  me  again  and  again,  and  cheer 
and  animate  me  in  the  battle  I  am  to  fight.  One  "  well  done"  from 
you  has  always  had  more  effect  on  me  than  the  applause  of  thousands. 

My  wife  and  fii-eside  unite  in  cordial  greetings  and  prayers  for 
health  to  you  and  yours — and  I  am  as  ever,  till  time  shall  be  no  more. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Our  extract  from  the  speech  in  the  steamboat  case  will  be  confined 
to  the  peroration,  which  has  been  cited  more  than  once,  as  one  of  tbe 
best  and  most  characteric  specimens  of  jMr.  Wirt's  eloquence.  Cer- 
tainly, we  may  regard  it  as  a  very  finished  passage,  in  that  department 
of  oratory  w^bich  is  most  popular  and  captivating  to  the  multitudes 
who  throng  tbe  forum ;  but  I  am  unwilling  to  offer  it  as  a  specimen 
of  the  highest  order  of  his  eloquence,  or  to  give  it  a  rank  above  that 
more  severe  logical  and  sustained  train  of  argument  which,  having 
less  to  flatter  the  public  taste,  usually  draws  less  commendation,  but 
which  evinces  much  higher  powers  of  intellect  and  true  eloquence  than 
these  more  favoured  appeals  to  the  heart  or  imagination  of  mixed 
assemblies.  Many  a  dexterous  speaker  is  to  be  found,  able  to  charm 
tbe  wise,  no  less  than  the  simple,  by  pointed  repartee,  witty  sarcasm, 


CHAr.  IX.] 


PASSAGE  WITH  EMMETT. 


145 


or  brilliant  play  of  imagination,  but  whose  wings  would  speedily 
dissolve  in  the  heat  and  radiance  of  those  upper  regions  of  thought 
and  boundless  vision,  where  great  minds  only  have  a  pinion  to  bear 
them  safely.  Mr.  Wirt's  argument  in  this  case  was  still  better  than 
his  peroration. 

Mr.  Emmett,  at  the  close  of  his  speech,  had  occasion  to  refer  to 
the  great  benefactions  which  the  State  of  New  York  had  conferred 
upon  the  Union,  by  the  solid  patronage  she  had  given  to  Fulton  in 
the  course  of  his  efforts  to  bring  the  steamboat  to  perfection.  "  Where," 
said  he,  ''  can  you  travel  without  having  your  eyes  delighted  and  some 
part  of  the  fatigues  of  your  journey  relieved  by  the  presence  of  a 
steamboat  ?  The  Ohio  and  Mississippi  she  has  converted  into  rapid 
channels  for  communicating  wealth,  comforts  and  enjoyments,  from 
their  mouths  to  their  head  waters.  And  the  happy  and  reflecting 
inhabitants  of  the  States  they  wash,  may  well  ask  themselves  whether, 
next  to  the  constitutions  under  which  they  live,  there  be  a  single 
blessing  they  enjoy  from  the  art  and  labour  of  man,  greater  than  what 
they  have  derived  from  the  patronage  of  the  State  of  New  York  to 
Robert  Fulton  ?  But  the  mighty  benefits  that  have  resulted  from 
those  laws  are  not  circumscribed  even  by  the  vast  extent  of  our  Union. 
New  York  may  raise  her  head,  she  may  proudly  raise  her  head,  and 
cast  her  eyes  over  the  whole  civilized  world ;  she  may  there  see  its 
countless  waters,  bearing  on  their  surface  countless  offsprings  of  her 
munificence  and  wisdom.  She  may  fondly  calculate  on  their  speedy 
extension  in  every  direction  and  through  every  region,  from  Archangel 
to  Calcutta;  and  justly  arrogating  to  herself  the  labours  of  the  man 
she  cherished,  and  conscious  of  the  value  of  her  own  good  works,* 
she  may  exultingly  ask, 

'Quae  regio  in  terris,  nostii  non  plena  laboris?'" 

The  reply  of  the  Attorney-General  to  this  passage  of  Mr.  Emmett's 
speech,  is  thus  reported  : 

*  In  the  report  of  this  speech  by  Wheaton,  it  reads,  "A.id,  conscious  of 
the  value  of  her  own  good  works,  she  may  turn  the  mournful  exclamation  of 
^neas  into  an  expression  of  triumph,  and  exultingly  ask,"  &c.  'l'he»e  words 
in  italics  were  interpolated  after  Mr.  Wirt's  reply,  when  the  case  was  made 
lip  for  publication, — as  we  shall  see  hereafter.  The  introduction  of  them 
here  takes  away  the  chief  point  of  the  reply,  and  to  a  certain  extent  renders 
that  reply  unintelligible. 

Vol.  II.  — 13  k 


146  A  REPLY.  [1824. 

"  In  conclusion,  lie  observed,  that  his  learned  friend  had  eloquently 
personified  the  State  of  New  York  casting  her  eyes  over  the  ocean, 
witnessing  everywhere  this  triumph  of  her  genius,  and  exclaiming  in 
the  language  of  ^neas, 

'Quje  regio  in  teiris  nostri,  non  plena  laboris?' 

"  Sir  it  was  not  in  the  moment  of  triumph,  nor  with  the  feelings 
of  triumph,  that  ^Eneas  uttered  that  exclamation.  It  was  when,  with 
his  faithful  Achates  by  his  side,  he  was  surveying  the  works  of  art 
with  which  the  palace  of  Carthage  was  adorned,  and  his  attention  had 
been  caught  by  a  representation  of  the  battles  of  Troy.  There  he 
saw  the  sons  of  Atreus  and  Priam  and  the  fierce  Achilles.  The  whole 
extent  of  his  misfortunes,  the  loss  and  desolation  of  his  friends,  the 
fall  of  his  beloved  country,  rushed  upon  his  recollection : 

'Constitit,  et  lachrymans,  quis  jam  locus,  inqiiit,  Achate, 
Quas  regio  in  terris,  nostri  non  plena  laboris?' 

"  Sir,  the  passage  may  hereafter  have  a  closer  application  to  the 
cause  tlian  my  eloquent  and  classical  friend  intended.  For,  if  the 
state  of  things  which  has  already  commenced,  is  to  go  on ;  if  the 
spirit  of  hostility  which  already  exists  in  three  of  our  States,  is  to 
catch  by  contagion  and  spread  amongst  the  rest,  as,  from  the  progress 
of  the  human  passions  and  the  unavoidable  conflict  of  interests,  it 
will  too  surely  do, — wha>t  are  we  to  expect  ?  Civil  wars,  arising  from 
far  inferior  causes,  have  desolated  some  of  the  fairest  provinces  of  the 
earth.  History  is  full  of  the  afllicting  narratives  of  such  wai's ;  and 
it  Avill  continue  to  be  her  mournful  oiBce  to  record  them,  till  '  time 
shall  be  no  longer.'  It  is  a  momentous  decision  which  this  Court  is 
called  on  to  make.  Here  are  three  States  almost  on  the  eve  of  war. 
It  is  the  high  province  of  this  Court  to  interpose  its  benign  and 
mediatorial  influence.  The  framers  of  our  admirable  Constitution 
would  have  deserved  the  wreath  of  immortality  which  they  have 
acquired,  had  they  done  nothing  else  than  to  establish  this  guardian 
Tribunal  to  harmonize  the  jarring  elements  in  our  system.  But,  sir, 
if  you  do  not  interpose  j'our  friendly  hand,  and  extirpate  the  seeds 
of  anarchy  which  New  York  has  sown,  you  will  have  civil  war.  The 
war  of  legislation  which  has  already  commenced,  will,  according  to 
its  usual  course,  become  a  law  of  blows.  Your  country  will  be  shaken 
with  civil  strife.  Your  republican  institutions  will  perish  in  the  con- 
flict. Your  constitution  will  fall.  The  last  hope  of  nations  will  be 
gene.  And  what  will  be  the  effect  upon  the  rest  of  the  world? 
Look  abroad  at  the  scenes  now  passing  upon  our  globe,  and  judge  of 
that  eifect.  The  friends  of  free  government  throughout  the  earth, 
who  have  been  heretofore  animated  by  our  example,  and  have  cheer- 
fully cast  their  glance  to  it,  as  to  their  polar  star  to  guide  them  through 
the  stormy  seas  of  revolution,  will  witness  our  fall  with  dismay  and 


Chap.  IX.]  THE  PRESIDENTIAL  ELECTION.  147 

despair.  The  arm  that  is  everywhere  lifted  in  the  cause  of  liberty, 
will  drop  unnerved  by  the  warrior's  side.  Despotism  will  have  its 
day  of  triumph,  and  will  accomplish  the  purpose  at  which  it  too  cer- 
tainly aims.  It  will  cover  the  earth  with  the  mantle  of  mourning. 
Then,  sir,  when  New  York  shall  look  upon  this  scene  of  ruin,  if  she 
have  the  generous  feelings  which  I  believe  her  to  have,  it  will  not  be 
with  her  head  aloft,  in  the  pride  of  conscious  triumph,  '  her  rapt  soul 
sitting  in  her  eyes.'  No,  sir,  no  !  Dejected  with  shame  and  confusion, 
drooping  under  the  weight  of  her  sorrow,  with  a  voice  suiTocated  with 
despair,  well  may  she  exclaim, — 


quis  jam  locus 


QuEe  regio  in  terris  nostri,  non  plena  laboris  ?'" 

This  year  was  distinguished  by  two  events  which  greatly  engrossed 
the  public  attention.  The  one  was  the  pendency  of  the  presidential 
election.  The  other  was  the  visit  of  the  Marquis  de  La  Fayette  to 
the  United  States. 

The  election  exhibited  a  state  of  things  somewhat  anomalous  in  the 
political  affairs  of  the  country.  There  were  no  less  than  five  candidates 
before  the  people,  for  the  Chief  Magistracy  : — Mr.  Adams,  the  Secre- 
tary of  State, — 3Ir.  Crawford,  the  Secretary  of  the  Treasury, — 3Ir. 
Calhoun,  the  Secretary  of  War, — Mr.  Clay,  the  Speaker  of  the 
House, — and  General  Jackson.  This  unusual  number  of  competitors 
for  the  honours  of  the  presidency,  furnishes  a  striking  evidence  of  the 
absence  of  that  party  spirit  which  had  before  that  era,  and  has  gene- 
rally since,  marshalled  the  whole  country  into  two  opposing  ranks, 
and  given  to  each  an  organization  and  discipline  sufficiently  potent  to 
forbid  their  severance  into  smaller  divisions.  We  may  discern  in  it, 
the  influence  of  that  conciliatory  temper  which  prevailed  throughout 
the  presidency  of  jMr.  Monroe,  to  which  we  have  heretofore  alluded, 
and  which  had  done  so  much  to  break  up  the  old  array  of  parties,  and 
to  bring  the  great  body  of  the  nation  into  a  harmonious  adoption  and 
support  of  the  measures  of  the  administration.  Those  measures  had  re- 
ceived the  sanction  of  Mr.  Madison  and  his  friends  in  the  last  years  of 
the  preceding  administration.  They  were  established  in  a  spirit  of  con- 
ciliation and  compromise.  They  were  confessedly  dictated  and  sustained 
by  the  purest  patriotism.  They  had  won  to  their  support  almost  all 
the  moderate  and  judicious  men  who  had  formerly  been  in  opposition 
to  the  predominant  party  of  the  day.     It  was  a  new  era — an  era  of 


148  THE  DEMOCRATIC  PARTY.  [1824. 

liarmony  and  patriotic  concert  of  good  men  to  promote  tte  prosperity 
of  the  country,  by  tranquillizing  it,  and  giving  the  fullest  scope  to  the 
developement  of  every  element  of  prosperity.  This  was  the  palmy 
season  of  the  success  of  the  democratic  party ; — a  party  then  tempered 
by  kindly  feelings,  moderated  by  its  triumph,  and  enlightened  by  its 
long  collision  with  an  astute,  vigilant  and  intelligent  adversary.  It 
had  now  secured  to  itself,  by  this  adjustment  of  the  diflFerences  arising 
out  of  the  old  conflict  of  opinions,  and  by  its  liberal  policy,  a  strength 
and  stability  which,  it  was  hoped,  would  disarm  all  future  opposition 
and  permanently  establish  its  ascendency  with  the  concurrence  and 
support  of  the  temperate  and  thoughtful  citizens  of  every  section 
of  the  country.  In  the  confidence  of  the  predominance  which  it  had 
thus  acquired,  it  was  governed,  in  the  choice  of  a  successor  to  Mr. 
Monroe,  almost  exclusively  by  personal  or  sectional  predilections, 
manifestly  uninfluenced  by  such  considerations  as,  in  other  circum- 
stances, might  have  demanded  a  union  upon  any  one  candidate.  At 
least,  four  of  the  five  who  were  presented  to  the  public,  were  amongst 
the  most  distinguished  and  authentic  supporters  of  Mr.  Madison  and 
Mr.  Monroe's  administrations;  three  of  them,  we  have  seen,  were 
then  actually  members  of  Mr.  Monroe's  cabinet ;  and  Mr.  Clay,  the 
Speaker  of  the  House  of  Kepresentatives,  was  quite  as  prominent  as 
either  of  them,  as  a  champion  in  the  same  ranks — perhaps,  without 
disparagement  we  may  say,  more  prominent  than  either.  These  were 
all  leaders  of  unquestioned  repute  and  authority  in  the  great  demo- 
cratic party  of  the  Union.  General  Jackson,  the  fifth  of  the  candi- 
dates, occupied  a  somewhat  different  position :  not  one  strictly  an- 
tagonistic to  the  others — but  neutral,  rather,  in  the  contest.  He  had 
not  been  a  very  cordial  supporter  of  Islx.  Madison :  on  the  contrary, 
was  opposed  to  his  second  election.  He  was  known,  also,  to  be 
strongly  in  favour  of  restoring  certain  portions  of  the  old  federal 
party  to  a  share  in  the  administration  of  public  affairs ; — restoring 
them  as  federalists  by  name,  and  sharing  the  power  and  patronage 
of  the  Government  with  them.  He  had  publicly  advised  Mr.  Monroe 
to  adopt  this  course,  immediately  after  the  election :  and  although 
Mr.  Monroe  did  not  take  the  advice,  the  General  did  not  change  his 
opinion  upon  that  point,  but  subsequently,  when  he  himself  came  to 
the  head  of  affairs,  practised  upon  these  counsels,  and,  for  the  fii-st 


Chap.  IX.] 


LETTERS  TO  CARR. 


149 


time  siace  tte  year  1800,  brought  into  the  cabinet  some  of  the  most 
prominent  opponents  to  the  old  democratic  party. 

During  the  pendency  of  this  contest,  3Ir.  Monroe  observed  a  most 
scrupuhms  resolve  against  all  interference  with  the  freest  expression 
of  the  public  sentiment  in  regard  to  the  candidates.  In  this  he  was 
fully  seconded  and  sustained  by  his  cabinet  —  by  none  more  than  by 
those  whose  names  were  in  the  lists  for  suffrage.  For,  at  that  time, 
it  was  not  considered  decorous  in  the  Executive  to  make  itself  a  par- 
tisan in  a  presidential  or  any  other  election.  Indeed,  there  was  a  most 
wholesome  fostidiousness  exhibited  on  this  point,  which  would  have 
interpreted  the  attempt  of  a  cabinet  ofl&cer,  or  any  other  functionary 
of  the  Government,  to  influence  the  popular  vote,  by  speech,  by 
wiiting,  by  favour,  fear  or  affection,  as  a  great  political  misdemeanour 
worthy  of  sharpest  rebuke.  These  were  opinions  of  that  day,  derived 
from  an  elder  age.  They  are  obsolete  opinions  now.  The  first  of  the 
following  letters  will  give  ns  an  agreeable  commentary  on  this  text. 
It  has  a  reference  to  a  fourth  of  July  dinner,  which  certain  political 
managers  had  sought  to  pervert  to  the  purpose  of  partisan  advance- 
ment ; — another  point  in  which  the  ethics  of  that  day  somewhat  differ 
from  the  present.     The  other  letters  treat  of  more  private  subjects : 


TO   JUDGE  CARR. 

Wasiungton,  August  27,  1824. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

Your  letters  are  such  cordials  to  me  that  I  am  determined  to  deserve 
them  more  frequently,  if  anything  that  I  can  scribble  will  give  me 
such  a  title. 

I  am  really  much  obliged  to  the  Washington  G  azette.  I  would 
not  give  the  letter  which  it  provoked  you  to  write,  for  all  the  addresses 
our  noble  General  La  Fayette  will  receive  from  Boston  to  York.  One 
drop  of  private  friendship  such  as  yours,  is  of  more  value,  in  my 
estimation,  than  an  ocean  of  public  honours.  It  perfumes  my  heart 
and  spirits,  and  purifies,  cheers  and  invigorates  me  like  unto  a  plunge 
into  the  Chesapeake.  If  you  ever  felt  the  abstergent,  bracing,  exhi- 
larating touch  of  a  sea-bath  after  a  hot  day,  you  will  feel  the  force  of 
this  "  similitudinar,"  —  if  I  may  borrow  a  word  from  a  Methodist 
preacher,  in  Madison  county,  of  about  the  year  one  thousand  seven 
hundred  and  ninety-three. 

With  regard  to  the  presidential  contest,  I  am  of  the  opinion  that  I 
13* 


1.30  FORBEARANCE  OF  THE  EXECUTIVE.  [1S24. 

have  notliing  to  do  with  it ;  —  and  I  will  tell  you  why.  In  the  first 
place,  I  think  that,  according  to  the  genius  of  our  Orovernment,  the 
President  owes  it  to  his  country  to  abstain  from  the  exercise  of  the 
slightest  influence  in  the  choice  of  his  successor.  Even  the  intimation 
of  his  opinion  upon  the  subject,  considering  the  fiictitious  weight 
which  he  derives  from  his  ofiice,  would,  in  my  opinion,  be  a  departure 
from  principle,  as  having  a  tendency  to  lead  to  a  result  subversive  of 
the  whole  fabric  of  our  republican  institutions,  —  the  enabling  a  Pre- 
sident to  appoint  his  successor.  And  in  my  opinion  it  is  not  enough 
that  the  President  observe  the  most  sacred  silence  upon  this  subject; 
but  all  who  hold  the  relation  to  him  which  I  do,  and  who  might  there- 
fore be  suspected  of  merely  echoing  his  sentiments,  are  equally  bound 
to  observe  it.  This  consideration  would  alone  be  sufficient  to  induce 
me  to  observe  the  most  guarded  silence.  In  the  next  place,  those  who 
are  called  members  of  the  administration  (the  Heads  of  Departments 
and  the  Attorney-Greneral)  are,  in  truth,  limbs  of  the  Executive  branch 
of  the  Government;  and  the  principle  of  the  most  impartial  neutrality, 
in  such  an  election,  presses  with  equal  force  upon  the  whole  Executive. 
In  the  third  place,  any  man  who  holds  the  office  which  I  do,  derives 
from  it  an  artificial  weight,  a  length  of  lever  and  a  fulcrum,  that  would 
be  very  unequally  exerted  against  the  individual  influence,  man  for 
man,  on  which  such  an  election  ought  to  depend.  And  as  I  have 
cautiously  forborne  to  make  the  Attorney-General  a  partisan  in  this 
election,  by  any  personal  appearance  in  the  canvass,  either  on  the  one 
side  or  on  the  other,  so  I  am  determined  that  nobody  else  shall  entrap 
me  into  a  partisan  feast,  or  any  other  situation  which  might  be  consi- 
dered as  takino;  a  side  either  with  the  one  candidate  or  the  other. 

It  was  another  objection  to  appearing  at  the  dinner,  that,  from  be- 
ing a  national  festival,  it  was  attempted,  by  a  trick,  to  be  converted, 
and  was,  in  fact,  practically  converted  into  a  party  festival. 

Even  to  you,  the  unshaken  friend  of  my  youth,  of  my  manhood, 
and  of  my  old  age,  I  think  it  improper  to  express  any  oj^inion,  either 
by  word  or  act,  as  to  the  person  who  is  most  fit  to  be  our  President : 
and  what,  for  conscience  sake,  I  would  not  say  even  to  you,  I  shall 
not  say  to  others ;  nor  shall  I  do  anything  which  I  know  the  blind  or 
interested  zeal  of  party  would  not  fail  to  seize  and  interpret  as  an 
avowal  of  preference. 

As  for  the paper,  I  don't  know  whether  it  is  much  to  the 

credit  of  my  moral  sensibility  to  make  the  confession,  but  that  publi- 
cation did  not  touch  me.  So  far  from  "  raising  or  jMercing,"  it  did 
not  even  brush  me  with  its  wind.  The  fact  is  that  eveiy  man,  in  a 
high  public  situation,  must  become  fire-proof  and  bullet-proof,  in  his 
own  defence.  I  had  seen  so  many  other  men,  of  the  purest  and  most 
exalted  virtue,  from  the  President  down,  vilified  and  abused  so  un- 
mercifully, so  scandalously,  so  basely  in  that  paper,  even  to  the  im- 
peachment of  their  veracity  and  pecuniary  honesty,  that  I  considered 


Chap.  IX.] 


A  PROPOSITION. 


151 


myself  as  being  let  off  very  liglitly  from  sucli  a  sink  of  iniquity  and 
defilement.  Then,  as  to  political  honours ;  it  may  be  the  evidence 
of  a  poor  spirit,  but  I  have  not  a  nerve  in  my  system  that  responds  to 
their  call  —  and  it  seems  to  me  to  be  actually  a  species  of  mania  to 
see  men  bartering  their  hopes  of  an  independent  and  peaceful  old  age, 
for  the  temporary  possession  of  such  a  bauble  as  the  presidency  of  the 
United  States.  If  a  man  had  first  secured  the  oiium,  I  should  have 
no  objection  to  the  dignilalc  ;  —  but  a  feast  for  eight  years,  and_a 
famine  for  the  residue  of  life,  is  not  at  all  to  my  taste.  13ut  let  this 
pass  : — qidescat — and  peace  be  with  it,  say  I. 

*  *  *  4t  -^_  "'^  .        . 

Among  the  things  that  have  been  fluttering  in  my  brain,  like 
Plato's  souls  before^  they  have  joined  their  bodies,  is  a_  historical 
■ao\c\,  flagrante  bello,  of  the  revolution,  and  about  the  period  of  the 
successive  invasions  of  Virginia  by  Phillips,  Arnold,  and  Cornwallis. 
The  field  is  rich,  and  wants  only  mowers.  I  shall  never  have  time. 
You  would  make  a  figure  at  it;  so  would  H.  T. ;  so  would  P. ;  so 
would  W.  How  would  it  gladden  me  to  sit  in  a  council  with  you 
four,  and  plan  a  series  of  such  works !  I  have  the  old  files  of  the 
Williamsburg  papers,  which  shall  be  yours,  if  you  will  promise  me 
to  try  your  hand.  They  are  full  of  tlie  minutest  details,  and  would 
fire  you  with  a  thousand  "  thick-coming  fancies,"  if  you  were  to  read 
them.  It  would  be  a  delightful  summer  occupation  to  you ;  and  you 
have  a  pen  that  would  throw  it  off  so  lightly  and  joyously  that  your 
hours  would  fly  "on  angel's  wings."  What  say  you?  "  Would  not 
become  the  gravity  of  a  Judge."  Could  a  judge  be  better  employed 
than  in  giving  new  sanctity,  beauty,  and  attraction  to  the  lessons  of 
the  revolutionary  war  ?  in  cherishing  and  feeding  the  flame  of  patriot- 
ism, depicting  the  manners  and  characters  of  that  age,  and  cultivating 
the  graces  and  virtues  of  life  ?  Quid  dicis  ?  or  rather,  "  quid  agis," 
as  our  grave  and  learned  friend  Cordery  says,  that  you  should  not 
undertake  it  ? 

I  wish  I  could  have  met  you  at  the  Springs,  or  that  I  could  meet 
you  anywhere ;  but  non  omnia  possiimus  omnes,  as  Partridge  says. 
You  see  I  am  in  the  humour  for  elegant  quotation,  like  om-  friend 
Saucho.  Miss  B.  said  something  of  your  coming  through  Washing- 
ton, this  fall,  with  your  family,  on  the  way  to  Richmond,  and  of 
your  staying  some  days  here ;  but  I  shall  be  in  Baltimore.  Let  me 
know  your  time,  however,  and  it  will  go  hard  but  1  hud  a  few  days 
to  come  down  and  see  you  :  aut  invcniam,  aut  faciam,  as  somebody 
says,  —  who  ?  Alexander,  I  believe,  when  he  was  going  to  cut  the 
gordian  knot :  or  if  it  was  not  him,  or  he,  it  was  somebody  else,  as 
the  coroner's  inquest,  to  the  North,  seemed  disposed  to  say  the  other 
^day.  Did  you  see  that  solemn  piece  of  nonsense?  They  sat  over  a 
dead  body,  ''and  reported  it,  as  their  opinion,  that  the  deceased  came 
to  his  death,  by  some  cause  unknown." 


152 


THE  RECEPTION  OF  LA  FAYETTE. 


[1824. 


Pid  you  ever  see  the  like  of  the  reception  given  to  La  Fayette 
at  the  North  ?  There  is,  no  doubt,  a  good  deal  of  ostentation  in 
it ;  and  yet  there  is  so  much  feeling,  that  reading  it  made  me  weep 
like  a  child.  By-the-bye,  I  wish  he  would  agree  to  let  us  call  him 
Ihe  Marquis.  We  shall  hardly  know  him,  in  Virginia,  by  any  other 
name.  Ho  became  endeared  to  us  under  the  name  of  tlm  Marquis  : 
there  is  the  Marquis''  road,  too,  through  Louisa,  and  the  Marquis'' 
bridge,  &c.,  and  all  our  old  newspapers  of  the  revolution,  constantly 
call  him  "  the  Marquis"  only,  without  any  other  addition.  "  General 
La  Fayette"  is  a  new  body,  of  whom  we  know  nothing.  I  shall  be 
very  apt  to  say  all  this  to  him,  if  I  get  a  chance ;  let  him  think  what 
he  will  of  my  republicanism.     Quid  diets,  on  this  important  subject  ? 

You  have  the  united  love  and  prayers  of  all  that  sit  beneath  the 
shade  of  my  vine  and  fig-tree.  May  joy  and  happiness,  pm-e  and  per- 
manent, attend  you  and  yours  under  every  change,  and  in  all  times, 
places,  and  circumstances. 

It  is  eight-and-twenty  years  since  I  first  knew  you,  and,  from  that 
time  to  this,  I  have  known  but  little  difference  between  your  happi- 
ness and  mine.  And  so  it  will  continue  to  be  while  we  are  here 
together,  in  this  state  of  things. 

May  God  Almighty  bless  you,  your  dear  wife  and  children,  in  time 
and  in  eternity  !     My  wife  says,  "  Amen." 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO   JUDGE    CARR. 

Washington,  September  9,  1824. 
Mv  Dear  Friend  : 

This  is  as  it  should  be  —  our  correspondence,  so  long  stagnant,  is 
beginning  to  flow  again,  as  refreshing  as  the  rock-spring  after  a  hot 
midsummer's  day  walk  over  the  red  hills  of  Pen  I'ark.  Yes,  I  know 
what  that  business  of  filing  away  and  re-perusing  old  letters  is.  It  is 
one  of  the  purest,  tenderest,  holiest  banquets  the  heart  of  man  can 
know,  when  the  correspondence  has  flowed  from  a  friendship  like  ours. 
I  have  preserved  every  scrip  of  a  pen  I  ever  received  from  you.  They 
are  amongst  my  most  valued  treasures.  They  are  medicine  to  the 
soul,  and  the  enjoyment  of  them  in  the  re-perusal  is  amongst  the 
strousest  proofs  that  the  soul  has  not  been  polluted  by  any  interme- 
diate''guilt.  If  either  of  us  had  turned  scoundrel  in  our  journey 
through  life,  I  cannot  imagine  a  hell  upon  earth  more  agonizing  than 
those  letters  would  create.  They  would  be  nests  of  adders  let  loose 
into  the  bosom;  the  memorials  of  lost  innocence  and  honour,  and 
shipwrecked  hopes  and  fame.  As  it  is  — thanks  to  the  Abnighty 
preserver  and  director  !  —  they  are  sources  of  the  purest  solace  and 


Chap.  IX.]       PERUSAL  OF  OLD  LETTERS.  153 

self-felieitation.  No,  my  dear  friend,  it  seems  to  me  impossible  that 
even  a  passing  cloud  should  ever  have  thr(j\vn  the  shade  of  a  moment 
over  cm-  friendship.  If  with  all  my  faults  you  have  so  long  loved 
me,  you  can  never  love  me  less ;  for  I  am  determined  that,  if  between 
this  and  the  grave,  there  is  any  change  in  me,  it  shall  not  be  for  the 
worse.  As  for  you,  it  has  been  your  misfortune  to  have  no  fault. 
For,  as  it  is  indispensable  to  the  preservation  of  the  general  equi- 
poise of  natm-e's  laws,  that,  between  us,  we  should  have  as  many 
imperfections  as  fall  to  the  average  of  any  other  two  of  her  crea- 
tion, it  has  been  my  lot  to  possess  the  faults,  and  yom-s  to  be  obliged 
to  endure  them ;  which,  I  will  do  you  the  justice  to  say,  you  have 
done  "with  the  most  Christian  resignation"  —  always  making  the 
most  of  any  little  good  quality  that  I  might  possess,  and  winking 
most  excessively  hard  when  my  defects  revolved  into  view.  Don't 
suppose  that  I  have  been  so  vain  and  bhnd  to  myself  as  not  to  have 
seen  this  all  along,  through  the  whole  of  our  pilgrimage,  and  not  to 
have  felt  the  elevated  and  noble  generosity  of  your  friendship  as  I 
ought  to  have  done. 

But  a  truce  with  confessions.  Yes,  we  have  had  a  most  vagarious 
correspondence.  I  have  kept  Peachcy's  letters,  too;  and  they  have 
made  me  laugh  by  the  horn*.  Our  correspondence  will  do  very  well 
for  our  own  "perusal,  but  it  would  not  make  quite  such  a  figure  in 
print  as  Addison's,  Pope's,  Swift's,  Arbuthnot's,  Parnell's,  &c. ; 
though  it  is  scarcely  so  bad  as  some  of  Swift's  minor  effusions.  Do 
you  think  our  children  will  enjoy  it  ?  They  cannot  enter  into  the 
scenes,  and  understand  the  allusions  and  cant  and  slang  sayings,  as 
we  can  do ;  yet  they  may  still  see  enough  to  shake  their  sides.  A 
more  grave,  stately,  guarded,  decorous  and  elaborate  correspondence 
might,  perhaps,  have  represented  us  to  them  as  higher  characters ; 
but  it  would  not  have  had  so  much  of  the  raciness  of  nature,  or  shown 
us  so  truly  as  we  are.  And  though  we  have  not  been  always  quite 
as  dignified  as  we  might  have  been,  yet  of  one  thing  I  am  certain,  and 
that  is,  there  is  nothing  in  the  strain  of  sentiment  which  as  men  of 
honour  and  morality  we  can  wish  unsaid,  or  which  our  ghosts  will 
have  to  blush  for  as  they  hover  over  the  child  that  is  reading  us. 

By  the  aid  of  the  context  I  have  made  out  the  Latin  quotation  you 
give  me  from  one  of  my  letters ;  though,  I  suspect,  it  would  have 
puzzled  Swift.  The  last  words  of  the  quotation  remind  me  of  a  Latin 
version  of  one  of  Kinney's  songs.  Do  you  remember  it  ?  "  Non  amo 
breve  opus,"  &c.  I  recall  distinctly  the  time  and  occasion  of  making 
it.  You,  Jack  Quarles,  and  myself,  were  riding  one  morning  from 
Nic  Meriwether's  to  Louisa  court,  which  we  then  attended.  I  remem- 
ber poor  Jack  was  most  obstreperously  diverted.  As  for  you  —  you 
sometimes  broke  into  a  laugh,  in  spite  of  yourself,  and  then  gave  whip 
to  your  horse  and  "consumed  it"  and  "confounded  it,"  and  rode  off 
in  great  disgust,  out  of  hearing,  whilst  I  was  gravely  at  work  to  make 


154  REMEMBRANCE  AND  CONFESSION.  [1824. 

out  my  Latin  version,  and  bring  it  -within  the  compass  of  the  tune, 
which  I  had  sometimes  to  stretch  by  the  repetition  of  the  same  note 
half  a  dozen  times,  to  bring  in  my  metre.  Oh  !  those  days  !  Poor 
Jack  Quarles  and  poor  Kinney !  What  excellent,  joyous  fellows ! 
Where  are  they  now? 

Have  we,  ourselves,  think  you,  made  the  best  of  life  ?  Could  we 
not  have  done  better  ?  I  sometimes  think  that  if  I  had,  from  my 
youth,  been  prudent,  circumspect,  studious,  industrious,  economical, 
and  steadily  and  perseveringly  ambitious  in  my  profession,  I  might 
have  risen  much  earlier  and  much  higher.  I  might,  perhaps,  have 
been  now  rich,  distinguished,  and  in  a  condition  to  dispute  the  palm 
of  politics  with  the  best  of  those  who  are  at  this  time  figuring  on  the 
great  stage.  For  when  I  ask,  ''What  have  I  done  for  myself?"  — 
I  am  obliged  to  answer,  ''  Nothing."  I  am  not  conscious  of  having 
made  a  single  effort  to  place  myself  even  where  I  am.  On  the  con- 
trary, I  have  been  an  idle,  thoughtless  dog ;  as  heedless  and  reckless 
as  any  monkey  that  ever  swung  by  the  tail ;  quite  as  much  a  man 
of  whim,  impulse  and  pleasure,  as  if  I  had  been  born  a  prince  of  end- 
less revenues,  and  had  had  nothing  to  do  but  to  devise  the  most 
agreeable  modes  of  killing  time.  I  A-erily  believe  that  William  Pitt 
Hunt  laid  a  charm  upon  me,  when  I  went  to  school  to  his  father. 
He  was,  you  know,  (for  I  believe  you  knew  him,)  very  grave,  digni- 
fied, solemn  and  pious.  He  was  a  man  of  five-and-twenty,  had  gradu- 
ated at  Princeton,  and  was  a  professor  at  Hampden  Sidney.  On  a 
visit  from  Virginia,  to  his  father,  while  I  was  there  at  school  and  a 
boy  about  fourteen,  but  reading  Homer  and  Cicero,  (which  in  Hunt's 
estimation  imposed  upon  me  the  necessity  of  being  a  man  in  manners,) 
be  was  excessively  scandalized  at  seeing  me  in  a  high  romp  with  some 
boys,  about  my  own  age,  but  who  happened  to  be  just  beginning  to 
learn  the  languages.  "  Fie !"  said  he  to  me,  "  You  will  not  be  a 
man  till  you  are  fifty  years  of  age."  And  if  I  have  not  fulfilled  the 
prophecy  in  the  sense  in  which  he  meant  it,  it  must  be  confessed  that 
I  have  run  it  pretty  hard.  "  But  grieving  's  a  folly,"  as  Ophelia  says 
or  sings,  in  the  travesty  of  Hamlet.  A  man  can  neither  change  his 
destiny  nor  his  nature.  They  say  "  there  is  no  making  a  whistle  out 
of  a  pig's  tail,  nor  a  philosopher  out  of  a  jack-pudding."  I  have  had 
my  laugh  and  song  and  dance  through  life  —  and  1  believe  that  no 
other  course  could  have  made  me  so  happy,  nor  perhaps  even  so 
distinguished.  At  least,  it  is  more  comfortable  and  more  M-ise  to  rest 
in  this  belief,  than  to  be  tormenting  myself  with  the  imagination  of 
what  I  might  have  been  if  I  had  acted  as  it  was  not  in  my  nature  to 
act.  liesides,  I  have  done,  or  rather  Providence  has  done,  so  much 
better  with  me  than  I  deserved  by  any  prudence  of  my  own,  that  it 
would  be  ungrateful  to  complain,  and  impudent  to  think  hard  of  my 
ftite.  If  my  life  can  only  be  prolonged  a  few  years  more,  and  I  can 
leave  my  wife  and  children  with  their  chins  above  water  when  I  am 


Chap.  IX.J  CONFESSIONS.  155 

sumraonod  from  tliis  scene,  I  shall  go  content.  But  I  am  in  no  Iiuriy 
to  go.  I  shall  certainly  not  abridge  my  own  time  here;  being  as 
how  one  is  not  so  exactly  certain  of  one's  berth  in  the  next  voyage. 
But  thereafter  as  it  may  be. 

No,  indeed !  I  had  no  idea  of  your  keeping  anything  from  your 
wife.  I  can  tell  you  that  if  you  do,  there  is  not  fair  play  between 
us;  for  I  keep  nothing  from  mine.  She  reads  your  letters  as  of  right, 
— and  oftener  before  than  after  me.  This,  for  example,  she  read  iirst, 
I  could  hear  her  mutterin<>;  to  herself,  "  I  wish  he  would  write  a 
plainer  hand,"  which  proves  that  you  have  not  given  her  much  ex- 
perience in  this  way.  She  reads  mine  without  difficulty,  and  I  take 
it  that  a  stranger  would  find  some  much  tougher  problems  to  solve  iu 
my  hand  than  in  yours.  For  my  part,  I  think  your  hand  unexcep- 
tionable. It  is,  to  be  sure,  a  rolling,  galloping  kind  of  hand ;  but  it 
seems  to  me  to  suit  the  gait  of  your  thoughts  much  better  than  any 
other.     So  stick  to  it. 

Your  counsel  is  sound  and  excellent,  and  I  shall  follow  it  so  for 
forth  as  future  circumstances  shall  permit.  But  I  wish  we  could  be 
nearer  to  each  other.  In  this  I  must  complain  of  my  fate.  If  I  could 
have  lived  alongside  of  you  all  the  days  of  my  life,  I  should  have 
been  happier,  and,  I  am  persuaded,  should  have  made  a  better  figure 
both  in  law  and  literature.  *         *         *         I  do  not  know  that 

I  could  have  been  of  much  service  to  you,  for  your  character  is  natu- 
rally strong,  independent  and  self-balanced.  You  require  no  external 
stimulus  to  exertion,  and  no  solace  under  momentary  failure.  You 
have  a  full  supply  of  both  in  your  own  energy.  While  I,  to  my  shame 
be  it  spoken,  often  find  myself  in  need  of  both ;  and  the  man  does 
not  exist  who  can  minister  them  to  me  so  successfully  as  yourself.  I 
confess  that  I  deserve  to  be  whij^ped  for  this  weakness,  and  I  have 
often  been  angry  enough  with  myself  to  inflict  the  penance  as  un- 
mercifully as  Lord  Lyttelton's  mysterious  huntsman ;  for  no  man 
despises  this  weakness  either  in  himself  or  others  more  than  I  do. 
But  I  believe  it  is  constitutional. 

I  have  often  witnessed  so  much  blindness  in  the  world  around  me 
as  to  hear  myself  lauded  and  even  envied  for  speeches,  which  were 
really  so  mediocre,  as  almost  to  dispose  me  to  renounce  my  profession. 
The  truth  is,  I  am  always  comparing  what  I  do  with  what  I  feel  I  am 
capable  of  doing, — not  competing  with  the  aliquid  vas/tim  el  imrnensum 
of  Cicero,  nor  with  the  ideal  perfection  of  Doctor  Johnson,  but  simply 
with  what  I  know  and  feel  I  am  capable  of  doing  on  the  occasion, 
and  what  I  have  done  on  others.  Then,  when  I  fall  short,  as  I  have 
no  one  to  blame  but  myself,  I  let  loose,  as  John  Key  used  to  say, 
"  like  forty  thousand."  Yet,  at  last,  there  is  a  good  deal  of  Madame 
Cataliui's  felicla  lempora  in  this  business.  One  must  be  in  time, 
and  this  depends  on  the  state  of  the  nerves,  and  this  again  on  external 
accidents  which  are  beyond  our  control.    This,  however,  is,  in  a  great 


156 


SELF-REPROACHES. 


[1824. 


degree,  self-flattery ;  for,  in  truth,  my  failures  much  ofteuer  proceed 
from  the  natural  indolence  of  my  character  and  the  consequent  defi- 
ciency of  preparation  than  from  any  other  cause.  I  am  excessively 
lazy.  My  mind  will  not  go  up  hill  with  a  heavy  load  at  its  tail, 
without  a  great  deal  of  coaxing  and  whipping.  Hence,  my  prepara- 
tions are  too  often  slubbered  over  any  how,  and  want  that  fulness, 
clearness,  compactness  and  cogency  which  they  would  have  possessed 
if  I  had  bent  myself  to  the  task  con  amore. 

It  is  death  to  me  to  see  a  man  taking  up  a  train  of  thought  where 
my  lazy  mind  had  dropped  it,  and  pushing  the  investigation  into 
regions  which  were  terra  incognita  to  me-  only  because  I  had  not 
chosen  to  take  the  trouljle  to  cxploi'c  them,  and  making  those  luminous 
and  strong  distinctions  in  the  regions  of  polar  night,  which  proved 
that  he  was  at  home,  every  inch  of  the  way.  Then  I  say  to  myself, 
"  You  are  a  pretty  fellow  !  You  pretend  to  talents  !  Go  hide  your- 
self in  dust  and  ashes !"  *  *  And  to  know  and 
feel,  too,  all  the  w'hile,  that  not  a  single  idea  had  been  presented 
that  was  not  perfectly  within  my  own  reach,  if  I  had  condescended 
only  to  reach  forth  my  hand !  This  is  what  I  call  delightful ! 
*  *  Pr^y>  have  you  ever  had  anything  of  this  sweet 
experience  ?  If  you  have  not^  then,  as  the  saying  is,  you  have  great 
pleasures  in  store.  There  is  a  vast  difference  between  men  in  this 
particular  of  which  I  am  speaking.  There  was  Pinkney,  who  was 
certainly  a  great  advocate.  He  was  never  heard  to  complain  of  a 
failure.  He  has  made  some  speeches  which  would  have  half  killed 
me.  On  a  great  occasion  in  Annapolis  I  heard  him  speak  for  three 
days  Of  the  first  day,  two  or  three  hours  were  in  his  best  manner; 
the  rest  of  that  day,  and  the  whole  of  the  following  two,  were  filled 
up  with  interminable  prolixity  of  petty  commentary  iipon  one  or 
two  hundred  cases.     The  Court,  bar  and  every  one  were  tired  to 

death.     He  went  home  and  told that  he  had  made  the  greatest 

speech  he  had  ever  made  in  his  life.  It  is  possible  this  might  have 
been  policy,  but  I  rather  incline  to  think  that  he  was  not  conscious 
of  his  failures.  *  *  It  was  perhaps  propitious  to 

his  fame  that  he  had  none  of  this  tenderness  of  sensibility,  either  to 
impair  his  confidence  in  himself  when  about  to  speak,  or  to  unnerve 
him  with  despondency,  on  a  failure.  The  truth  is,  that,  as  an  advo- 
cate, he  had  the  nerves  of  the  Nemcean  lion ;  and  his  action  was  not 
iinlike  that  of  the  king  of  the  forest.  The  speech  you  heard  him 
make  in  Congress  was  in  a  manner  so  comparatively  subdued  that  it 
bore  no  resemblance  to  his  forensic  manner. 

•X-  *  *  -X-  -X-  -X- 

Have  you  ever  read  Cuvier's  theory  of  the  earth  ?  If  you  have 
not,  I  beseech  you  to  get  it  and  read  it.  Here  is  a  book  which  has 
been  before  the  American  world  eight  or  ten  years,  full  of  the  most 
interesting  and  instructive  facts  and  speculations,  and  yet,  until  within 


Chap.  IX]  •  GEOLOGY.  157 

a  fortnight  past,  have  I  known  nothing  of  it,  save  only  the  name. 
This  same  geology,  with  all  its  discoveries  of  the  past  history  of  our 
planet,  is  a  prodigious  science,  and  very  nearly  as  honourable  to  the 
sagacity  of  man,  in  my  opinion,  as  astronomy  itself.  Only  to  think, — 
that  this  inert  mass  of  earth  and  stones,  over  which  the  human  family 
have  been  walking  with  thoughtless  indifference  for  five  thousand 
years,  should  contain  within  itself  the  clearest  historical  monuments, 
both  of  the  correctness  of  the  Mosaic  account  and  of  divers  revolu- 
tions, long,  long  antecedent  to  that  account;  of  races  of  animals  ex- 
tinct long  before  the  existing  order  of  things  arose ;  and  of  a  change 
of  climates  upon  the  ftice  of  the  globe  as  great  as  could  have  been 
effected  by  the  stroke  of  a  passing  comet  changing  the  poles  of  the 
earth,  if  indeed  it  was  not,  in  fact,  brought  about  by  this  cause.  It 
has  become  quite  a  new  world  to  me  within  this  fortnight,  and  the 
Mosaic  world  so  much  a  thing  of  yesterday,  compared  with  its  ante- 
cedent duration,  that  I  feel  as  if  I  could  shake  hands  with  Cicero  and 
Demosthenes  across  a  table.  They  become  my  contemporaries  and 
companions.  If  you  have  not  time  to  read  Cuvier,  procure  the  num- 
ber of  Silliman's  Journal  of  Science  for  May,  1824,  and  read,  at 
least,  the  Re^dew  of  Buckland's  RcUqiuc  Diluviance.  What  do  you 
think  of  that  sagacity  which,  on  the  inspection  of  the  smallest  piece 
of  bone  that  has  been  lying,  perhaps,  twenty  thousand  years  in  the 
earth,  can  tell  you,  toith  demonstrable  certainty,  to  what  kind  of  ani- 
mal it  belonged  ?  And  yet,  this  is  one  of  the  triumphs  of  human 
sagacity  exerted  upon  the  subject  of  comparative  anatomy.  Perhaps 
you  think  I  might  be  better  employed  ?  But  you  know  that  Cicero 
was  of  a  different  opinion ;  besides,  I  cannot  bear  to  breathe  no  other 
air  than  that  of  the  dungeon  of  the  law.  Blackstoue,  I  know,  calls 
it  a  palace  full  of  light  and  architectural  symmetry  and  grace ;  and 
yet  it  is,  at  best,  such  a  crepuscular  labyrinth,  that  the  greatest  law- 
yers and  judges  are  continually  butting  their  heads  against  each  other, 
and  disputing  about  the  passages,  the  rooms,  and  the  way  in  and  out; 
such  is  its  proverbial  "glorious  uncertainty."  It  is,  I  confess,  a  fine 
arena  for  intellectual  gladiators  :  yet  a  man  would  not  choose  to  be 
confined  all  the  days  and  nights  of  his  life  to  the  single  business  of 
pushing,  thrusting  and  warding.  He  requires  some  recreation  :  and 
the  kind  of  recreation  for  which  I  am  disposed  may  be  made,  itself, 
subsidiary  to  his  excellence  in  his  peculiar  art.  It  enlarges,  invigo- 
rates and  polishes  the  mind,  and  furnishes  it  with  new  stores  of  illus- 
tration and  ornament.  And  I  see  not  why  both  the  judge  and  the 
practising  lawyer  may  not  make  such  excursions  to  advantage. 

You  conjure  me  not  to  tempt  you  from  your  legal  studies.  I  stand 
more  in  need  of  legal  armour  than  you  do, — for  I  have  giants  to  war 
with,  while  you  are  merely  one  of  tlie  judges  of  the  combat.  Never- 
theless, I  approve  your  resolution,  if  you  will  qualify  it  with  a  deter- 
mination to  read  just  so  much  as  is  necessary  to  keep  up  with  the 

Vol.  II.  — It 


158  LETTER  TO  MORRIS.  [1824. 

marcli  of  science  and  literature,  —  not  to  master  the  sciences,  but  to 
know  what  is  doing  and  what  has  been  discovered  in  the  scientific 
world.  With  this  modification,  I  laud  your  resolution,  and  pray  yovi 
to  adhere  to  it.  The  bench  is  too  often  the  tomb  of  emulation.  Do 
you,  my  dear  friend,  push  on.  Become  the  Pendleton  of  Virginia, 
as  you  certainly  may.  Or  rather,  become  the  Kent  of  the  United 
States ;  for  Kent  has  more  law  learning  than  most  of  the  judges  in 
the  United  States  put  together.  I  wish  you  to  make  yourself  an  ac- 
complished civilian.  I  do  not  mean  a  superficial  one, — but  a  learned 
and  profound  jurist.  I  believe  Mansfield  owed  more  of  the  boundless 
horizon  and  refulgence  of  his  mind  to  the  civil  law,  than  to  all  his 
other  studies  besides. 

*%1«  ^i'  vt^  ^#  mii.  ^t^ 

'T*  'I*  'I*  >^  ^  ^[i 

Would  that  I  could  be  with  you  at  York.*  You  will  have  Pope 
there,  with  brimful  eyes,  and  in  all  the  glory  of  his  soul,  ready  to 
exclaim, — "Now,  Lord,  let  thy  servant  depart  in  peace." 

******* 

I  must  stop.     So,  with  our  love  to  your  wife  and  children, 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


We  have  in  the  next,  some  memorials  of  the  visit  of  the  Marquis 
at  this  time. 

TO  RICHARD   MORRIS. 

Baltimore,  October  22,  1824. 

I  thank  you,  my  dear  Morris,  for  your  letter  of  the  6th,  which  I 
received  in  due  time,  although  it  has  not  been  until  now  that  I  have 
had  it  in  my  power  to  acknowledge  it. 

*  -x-  **•}«•  * 

I  am  extremely  gratified  at  the  spirit  of  friendship  which  your 
letter  breathes.  My  removal  to  Washington  has  made  no  change  in 
my  affections.  Wickham  has  an  uncourtly  saying,  that  "  old  dogs  do 
not  learn  new  tricks."  However  this  may  be,  I  am  very  sure  the  old 
men  are  not  prone  to  form  new  attachments  —  and  that  they  cherish 
their  former  ones  with  increasing  zest. 

I  have  no  love  for  political  life.  Were  I  alone  in  the  world,  and 
had  no  one  to  think  of  or  care  for  but  William  Wirt,  I  should  go 
back  to  Virginia  and  my  old  friends  at  the  close  of  this  administi-a- 

*La  Fayette  was  to  be  at  Yorktown  on  the  19th  of  October,  —  the  anni- 
versary of  the  surrender.  Great  preparations  were  making  to  give  interest 
to  this  celebration. 


Chap.  IX.]         LA  FAYETTE  AND  LORD  STIRLING.  159 

tion; — but  with  a  wife  and  ton  children,  and  a  fortune  yet  to  make, 
I  am  obliged  to  sa}^,  with  old  Teucer, 

"  Quo  nos  cumque  feret  melior  fortuna, 
Ibimus" — 

And  I  wish  I  could  add,  substituting  my  own  name  for  that  of 
Teucer, — 

"Nil  desperandum,  Tencro  duce,  et  auspice  Teucro." 

If,  indeed,  I  could  ensure  the  same  health  that  I  have  had  this 
year,  for  the  next  eight,  I  should  be  pretty  much  at  ease.  But — 
"are  we  not  here,  to-day,"  quoth  Trim,  "and  gone  to-morrow?" 
The  mention  of  Trim  reminds  me  of  our  friend  Pope.  I  take  it  for 
gi-anted  that  he  went  to  York,  to  meet  the  jMarquis — and  that  he  came 
forth  in  all  the  glory  of  revolutionary  song  and  anecdote.  I  have  no 
doubt  that  the  Marquis  would  enjoy  him,  —  for  the  old  General  is 
quite  as  full  of  the  revolution  as  ever  our  friend  Pope  was.  By-the- 
bye,  he  himself  told  a  camp  anecdote  of  the  revolution,  one  morning 
at  the  President's  breakfast  table,  of  such  goiit,  that  I  think  Pope 
ought  to  have  it  in  his  budget. 

Hay  asked  him  whether  Lord  Stirling  was  really  a  nobleman  by 
birth,  or  only  a  Lord  by  courtesy.  The  Marquis  said  he  did  not 
know  how  that  was — but  that  there  never  was  a  Lord  who  was  prouder 
of  his  title; — that  no  one  could  say  "Lord"  or  "Lordship,"  in  his 
hearing,  but  he  thought  that  he  was  the  person  spoken  to  or  spoken 
of.  In  proof  of  which  he  stated  that  one  of  Stirling's  soldiers  was 
sentenced  to  be  shot,  for  some  offence,  and  as  the  poor  devil  was  going 
to  the  place  of  execution,  with  his  arms  manacled  behind  him,  he 
raised  his  eyes  to  Heaven,  and,  in  the  agony  of  his  despair,  exclaimed, 
"  Lord  !  have  mercy  on  me  !"  Says  Stirling,  with  all  the  importance 
of  Jupiter  "  with  both  cheeks  puff'd  up  with  rage," — "  I'll  be  damned 
if  I  do," — imagining  that  he,  alone,  could  be  the  object  of  the  ejacu- 
lation. It  was  extremely  well  told,  and  produced  a  high  effect.  Do 
tell  it  to  Pope. 

God  bless  you,  my  dear  MoitIs — and  give  my  love  to  your  wife. 

Yom*  friend, 

"Wm.  Wirt. 

The  following  letter  will  awaken  some  pleasant  reminiscences  in 

Richmond. 

TO   WILLIAM   POPE. 

Baltimore,  November  12,  1824, 
I  thank  you,  ray  dear  friend,  for  your  very  amusing  account  of  the 
La  Fayette  jubilee  at  Goochland  court-house — not  forgetting  the  pro- 
cession in  which  the  Ghost  of  Fame  made  so  conspicuous  a  figure. 
****** 


IGO  LETTER  TO  POPE.  [1824. 

You  had  indeed  a  gi-eat  day.  It  was  a  day  of  days  for  old  Gooch- 
land, and  will  be  remembered  with  delight  by  every  one  who  was 
there — save  only,  perhaps,  the  unfortunate  wight  who  toasted  Bona- 
parte. 

Poor  Fleming  Paine,  and  poor  dear  Quarles — would  that  they  could 
have  been  present !    And  if,  with  them,  you  could  have  had  Peter 
Carr  and  Bullock — what  a  day  it  would  have  been !    Death  has  made 
sad  work  in  the  little  circle  of  our  favourites.     He  has  taken  from  us 
those  whose  places  can  never  be  filled — for,  to  go  no  further,  where 
shall  we  find  two  such  men  as  Peter  Carr  and  Jack  Quarles  ?  Where 
merriment  was  the  word,  it  was  hard  to  match  them.     So  full,  too, 
of  the  noblest  intelligence  and  the  finest  feeling !    Their  death  has 
sadly  marred  the  music  of  om-  society.     They  are  strings  snapped 
which  can  never  be  replaced;  and  never  again  can  the  instrument 
have  the  compass  of  execution  which  it  once  had.     Heaven's  will  be 
done !    Those  of  us,  too,  who  remain,  are  so  scattered,  that  we  can 
scarcely  ever  again  hope  to  come  together.     But  I  think  we  must  try 
it  next  summer.     My  friend  of  friends,  Dabney  Carr,  is  now  at  Rich- 
mond, and  if  we  all  live  'till  next  summer,  and  no  accident  happens 
to  prevent  it,  we  will  have  a  meeting  in  Richmond.    Let  me  see  how 
we  shall  manage  it.     I  will  give  you  notice  when  I  will  be  on  : — I 
will,  also,  give  notice  to  Sam.  Carr  in  Albemarle — and  to  Morris. 
We  will  dine  one  day  at  Coalter's — one  day  at  Cabell's — one  day  at 
Carr's — and  one  at  Bullock's.     And  there  we  shall  be  able  to  assemble 
all  the  survivors  of  our  once  large  and  joyous  circle.    I  will  write  out, 
too,  to  xilexander  Stuart  to  come  and  meet  us.    "  Bold  Alick"  would 
willingly  take  a  short  ride  of  fifteen  hundred  or  two  thousand  miles 
for  such  a  frolic.     I  remember  that  we  once  made  an  arrangement  of 
this  sort  to  meet  at  your  house,  and  it  failed.     But  this,  I  think,  will 
be  more  practicable,— because  there  are  so  many  already  at  Richmond, 
on  the  spot ; — so  that  if  you  and  I  only  should  go,  we  should  be  able 
to  rally  a  delightful  little  party  in  Richmond,  with  the  three  resident 
judgos  of  the  place  and  Bullock,  and  Pleasants  the  Governor,  and 
Barbour,  &c.     You  will  observe,  however,  that  I  shall  not  be  at  liberty 
till  about  the  middle  of  July — my  courts  being  in  constant  session 
till  then.     However,  you  shall  have  notice  of  the  particular  time 
when  it  comes. 

But  to  return  to  the  La  Fayette  dinner  at  Goochland.  That  was  a 
fine  scene  between  Captain  Johnson  and  the  jMarquis  —  and  between 
this  latter  and  the  old  seventy-sixer  who  amused  him  with  a  war-song. 

By-the-bye,  I  suspect  you  had  no  chance  to  sing  your  war-song. 
This  is  what  I  expected  from  what  I  saw  of  the  dinner  in  Washing- 
ton. Singing  is  the  enjoyment  of  relaxed  hours.  In  these  dinners 
there  is  too  much  state  and  too  much  of  high-toned  feeling,  to  make 
the  light  amusement  of  a  song  endurable.  However,  the  Marquis 
will  leave  such  a  train  of  revolutionary  feelings  and  reminiscences 


Chap.  IX.]  PROVISION  FOR  LA  FAYETTE.  161 

behind  him,  that  your  song  will  be  in  high  goid  throughout  this  winter 
campaign.     I  hope  to  have  a  little  taste  of  it  next  summer  myself. 
#  -Jt  -x-  *  *  *  * 

I  am  sorry  that  you  did  not  see  Calhoun.  He  is  a  most  captivating 
man.  If  the  Virginians  knew  him  as  well  as  I  do,  he  would  be  as 
popular  in  Virginia  as  he  is  in  South  Carolina.  His  is  the  very  cha- 
racter to  strike  a  Virginian ;  —  ardent,  generous,  high-minded,  brave, 
with  a  genius  full  of  fire,  energy,  and  light ;  —  a  devoted  patriot  — 
proud  of  his  country,  and  prizing  her  glory  above  his  life.  I  would 
turn  him  loose  to  make  his  way  in  Virginia  against  any  other  man  in 
the  United  States — the  Ex-Presidents  excepted.  He  wants  only  what 
age  will  give  him,  to  assure  to  him,  I  think,  the  universal  confidence 
of  the  nation.  He  is,  at  present,  a  little  too  sanguine,  a  little  too 
rapid  and  tenacious ;  but  he  is  full  of  the  kindest  feelings  and  the 
most  correct  principles,  and  another  presidential  term  will,  I  think, 
mellow  him  for  any  service  of  his  country. 

I  suppose  you  will  have  seen,  before  this  reaches  you,  that  General 
Jackson  has  taken  seven  votes  out  of  eleven  in  the  State  of  IMary- 
land  —  Adams  having  three  and  Crawford  one.  The  calculation  here 
is  that  General  Jackson  will  take  Ohio  and  probably  the  whole  of  the 
Western  States  —  who,  finding  that  Clay  is  not  likely  to  be  elected, 
will  not  be  disposed  to  throw  away  their  votes  upon  him,  but  will  take 
their  next  choice,  which  is  Jackson.  North  Carolina  is  counted  upon 
for  him  with  confidence,  and  the  rumour  from  New  York  is,  that 
though  the  electors  will  be  chosen  for  Crawford,  yet  it  will  be  with  a 
permission  to  give  their  votes  to  Jackson,  if  Crawford's  case  through- 
out the  Union  shall  be  thought  desperate.  I  am  telling  you  the  cal- 
culations of  those  around  me,  and  not  my  own,  for  I  have  made  none  : 
my  calculations  extend  no  further  than  the  Jew's  in  "  The  Road  to 
Ruin,"  that  Is,  "to  provide  for  my  family,"  which  seems  to  me  to  be 
the  only  purpose  now  for  which  I  have  to  live. 

I  hope  and  believe  that  you  will  be  fully  gratified  by  the  provision 
which  Congress  will  make  for  the  Marquis.  I  trust  with  great  confi- 
dence that,  as  he  devoted  the  morning  of  his  life  to  us,  we  shall  gild 
the  evening  of  it  with  peace  and  plenty.  Such,  I  am  sure,  is  the  feeling 
of  the  Executive,  and  I  have  no  doubt  it  will  be  that  of  Congress. 

I  wish  Morris  may  fulfil  his  resoluion  of  becoming  one  of  my  re- 
gular correspondents ;  —  but  he  is  a  man  of  genius,  and  therefore, 
privileged  both  to  be  lazy  and  faithless  to  his  good  resolves.  It  will 
give  me  great  pleasure  if  he  falsifies  this  apprehension. 

I  am  here  busy  in  attendance  on  court,  and  have  only  a  few  mo- 
ments at  night  to  gallop  off  this  letter  to  you.     Pray  excuse  it ;  and 

give  my  love  to  dear  L ,  whom  may  God  bless  with  his  choicest 

blessings — and  may  God  bless  you,  too,  my  dear  friend  ! 

Yours,  truly, 

Wm.  Wirt 

14*  L 


162 


SHAKSPEARE'S  HOUSE. 


[1824. 


Mr.  Wii't's  friend  and  protege,  Gilmer,  had  gone  this  year  to  Eng- 
land, on  a  tour  for  the  benefit  of  his  health,  which  had  become  greatly 
impaired.  In  the  correspondence  between  them  at  this  period,  I  find 
a  letter  from  Stratford  upon  Avon,  which  may  interest  my  -reader 
with  the  picture  it  afi"ords  of  the  Shakspeare  house,  to  which  recent 
events  have  given  so  much  interest.  It  may  be  noted  as  one  of  the 
characteristic  incidents  of  our  times,  that  this  house  has  lately  been 
purchased  by  a  society  in  England,  of  the  admirers  of  the  great  bard, 
under  a  strange  and  rather  amusing  apprehension  that  it  was  about  to 
become  the  subject  of  a  Yankee  speculation,  the  drift  of  which  was 
to  bring  it  ofi"  bodily  to  the  United  States : 


FRANCIS  W.  GILMER  TO  WILLIAM  WIRT, 


My  Dear  Mr.  Wirt  : 


July  16,  1824. 


I  write  you  my  fia-st  letter  from  England,  not  from  Warwick  Castle 
or  Guy's  Cliff, — which  are  both  near  at  hand — nor  from  Stratford 
generally,  but  from  the  identical  room  in  which  the  immortal  bard 
first  came  "into  this  breathing  world."  Here  day  first  dawned  upon 
his  infant  eyes — a  miserable  hovel.  Imagine  in  that  hovel  a  small 
room,  with  a  low  roof;  but  one  window, — that  looking  to  the  setting 
sun;  a  fii-e-place  advanced  into  the  room,  by  the  naked  chimney 
coming  through  the  floor.  The  house  is  neither  wood  nor  brick,  but 
a  wooden  frame  with  the  intervals  filled  up  with  brick.  The  wooden 
beams  are  shrunk  and  warped  by  weather  and  time.  On  the  lower 
floor  is  a  butcher's  stall.  No  where  is  there  a  single  vestige  of  Shak- 
speare. His  chair  is  gone.  His  mulberry  tree,  which  was  in  the 
garden,  is  attached  to  another  house ;  it  is  reduced  to  the  last  fibre. 
Except  his  will,  and  the  walls  and  beams  of  this  lowly  mansion,  I 
know  of  no  object  in  existence  which  he  touched.  Here  the  wise  and 
the  great  repair  to  worship  him.  In  the  register  before  me  is  the 
name  of  Sir  Walter  Scott  among  others  less  illustrious.  The  walls 
were  once  scribbled  over  by  men  of  genius  and  fame — Fox,  Pitt,  and 
others, — but  a  mischievous  tenant  lately  whitewashed  them,  and  you 
see  only  what  have  been  recently  wi'itten. 

His  body  lies  near  the  altar  in  the  church,  and  neither  name,  nor 
date,  nor  arms  appear  upon  the  stone ; — conclusive  circumstances,  I 
think,  to  show  that  he  wrote  the  epitaph  which  is  sculptured  upon  the 
stone.  This  has  been  doubted.  What  but  the  modesty  of  his  own 
great  mind  could  limit  the  epitaph  of  Shakspeare  to  the  expression  of 
the  simple  wish  that  his  bones  might  rest  undisturbed  in  their  last 
repository.  We  have  seen  the  lines  in  Johnson's  life  of  him,  but  here 
is  a  fac-simile : 


Chap.  IX.]  TOMB  OF  SIIAKSPEARE.  163 

GOOD  FREND  FOR  lESVS  SAKE  FORBEARE 
TO  DIGG  THE  DVST  ENCLOASED  HE.\RE 

BLESE  BE  Y  MAN  Y  SPARES  THESE  STONES 

AND  CVRST  BE  HE  Y  MOVES  MY  BONES. 

I  inquired  of  half  a  dozen  persons  in  Stratford  for  the  tomb  of  Shaks- 
peare  before  I  could  find  it.  I  should  not  have  been  surprised  if  this 
had  occurred  in  a  search  for  the  tomb  of  Newton  or  IMilton.  But  I 
•was  amazed  at  its  happening  in  the  case  of  the  Poet  of  all  ages  and 
conditions. 

****** 

I  begin  to  be  impatient  to  see  Virginia  once  more.  It  is  more  like 
Englan'cl  than  any  other  part  of  the  United  States — slavery  non 
oistante.  Remove  that  stain,  blacker  thau  the  Ethiopian's  skin,  and 
annihilate  our  political  schemers,  and  it  would  be  the  fairest  realm  on 
which  the  sun  ever  shone.  I  like  the  elbow-room  we  have,  where  the 
wild  deer  cross  the  untrodden  grass,  and  the  original  forest  never 
heard  the  echo  of  the  woodman's  axe.  There  is  nothing  in  England 
so  beautiful  as  the  scenery  of  Albemarle,  or  the  view  from  Moute- 
yideo — the  window  from  which  you  used  to  gaze  on  the  deep  blue  of 
these  silent  and  boundless  mountains.  Peace  to  them  ! — and  a  bless- 
ing warm,  though  from  afar,  on  you  and  all  your  house  ! 

Yours  affectionately, 

F.  W.  Gilmer. 


TO  FRANCIS  W.  GILMER. 

Washington,  December  4,  1824. 
My  dear  Francis  : 

******* 

I  received  your  letter  from  Stratford  upon  Avon,  with  the  Kenil- 
worth  leaf* — and  a  most  interesting  letter  it  was.  I  sent  it  to  Dabney 
Carr  in  Winchester.     He  has  returned  it  to  me.  *  *  I 

should  have  acknowledged  it  by  a  letter  to  England,  but  that  I  sup- 
posed, from  your  constant  locomotion,  I  might  as  well  have  attempted 
to  shoot  a  humming-bird  on  the  wing. 

I  hope  to  see  you  as  you  pass, — though  it  will  be  more  probably  in 
Baltimore  than  in  Washington.  I  have  a  cause  to  argue  there,  and 
shall  return  to  Baltimore  on  Wednesday  or  Thursday.  *  * 

If  you  should  chance  to  come  in  the  Christmas  holidays,  you  will  find 
me  at  home  here,  when  we  shall  be  delighted  to  eat  mince-pies  and 
drink  champagne  with  you.  Though  in  both  operations  I  shall  be 
merely  a  looker-on.    I  have  been  a  water-drinker,  now,  for  more  than 

*A  leaf  of  ivy  from  the  tower  of  Kenil  worth,  which  was  enclosed  in  the 
letter  referred  to,  accompanying  a  description  of  a  visit  to  the  Castle. 


164 


DEATH  OF  ROBERT  WIRT. 


[1824. 


a  year,  and  am  somewhat  on  a  regimen  in  other  respects ;  by  reason 
whereof  I  have  been  continually  in  better  health  than  I  have  enjoyed 
since  I  was  twenty.  I  require  depletion, — you  repletion.  So^  you 
shall  eat  mince-pies  and  drink  wine  to  my  bread  and  water. 

^  *  :};  ^  ^  H^ 

You  will  find  every  thing  pretty  much  as  you  left  it  amongst  your 
friends.  In  the  political  world  there  are  some  changes  in  prospect, 
a  little  different,  I  suppose,  from  what  you  anticipated.  But  this  you 
will  learn  in  New  York. 

As  to  my  succeeding  Mr.  Rush*  —  there  is  not  the  slightest 

foundation  for  the  report.  Such  a  thing  is  not  thought  of  either  by 
the  President  or  myself.  I  should  consider  it  an  act  of  madness,  on 
my  part,  to  accept  of  any  mission  or  any  office  in  the  gift  of  the 
government,  other  than  that  which  I  now  hold.  And  whether  I 
shall  retain  this  depends  on  contingencies.  Though,  I  have  no  reason 
to  doubt  that  it  will  be  in  my  own  choice.  *  *  God  bless 
you,  and  restore  you  to  health  ! 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  "Wirt. 

The  anticipation  of  enjoyment  in  the  usual  festivities  of  the  ap- 
proaching Christmas,  which  is  indulged  in  this  letter,  was  sadly 
disappointed  by  the  tidings  which  arrived  at  this  time  from  France, 
communicating  the  death  of  Robert  Wirt,  the  eldest  son  of  the  Attor- 
ney-General. This  youth  had  been  admitted,  as  we  have  seen,  to  the 
Academy  at  West  Point.  The  discipline  of  that  school  was  found 
too  severe  for  a  constitution  naturally  feeble,  and  he  was  withdrawn 
from  it  in  the  second  year  of  his  probation  there,  greatly  reduced  in 
health.  A  sea  voyage  had  been  prescribed  to  him  by  his  physician ; 
and,  in  the  hope  of  finding  that  which  was  already  irretrievable,  he 
had  embarked  on  the  fifth  of  August  in  this  year,  for  Havre.  His 
disease — a  pulmonary  afiection — seems  to  have  taken  a  fatal  direction 
almost  immediately  upon  his  arrival  in  September.  He  was  unable 
to  prosecute  his  travels,  and  died  in  the  city  where  he  had  landed,  on 
the  31st  of  October.  He  was  a  youth  of  fine  promise,  of  a  meditative, 
studious  habit,  and  although  but  now  in  his  nineteenth  year,  deeply 
imbued  with  a  strong  relimous  sentiment,  which  showed  itself  in  the 
habitual  cast  of  his  manners,  and  in  the  grave  character  of  his  studies. 

This  was  the  fii'st  serious  afiliction  which  had  yet  visited  the  happy 

*  Mr.  Rush  was  then  Minister  of  the  United  States  in  England. 


Chap.  IX.] 


LETTER  TO  MRS.  WIRT. 


165 


fireside  of  the  subject  of  our  Memoir.  It  did  not  find  liim  unprepared 
or  unarmed.  Mr.  Wirt  had  long  since  disciplined  his  mind  to  that 
higher  philosophy  which  is  born  of  the  Christian  faith  and  hope,  and 
was  not  to  be  shaken  even  by  a  calamity  so  poignant  as  this.  I  find 
a  letter  written,  at  this  moment,  to  her  whose  sorrows  had  a  deeper 
root  than  is  ever  found  even  in  a  father's  breast,  and  who  stood  in 
sorest  need  of  that  manly  support  which  it  is  the  husband's  first  duty 
to  supply.  The  most  fastidious  will  see  no  reason  to  object  to  the 
perusal  of  the  beautiful  lesson  of  Christian  resignation,  submission, 
and  cheerful  patience  which  breathes  in  the  extract  I  have  ventured 
to  make  from  this  private  record  of  thoughts  that  welled  forth  from  a 
fountain  of  truest  feeling. 

TO  MRS.  WIRT. 


Baltimore,  December  27,  1824. 
******* 

"  I  am  here  safe  and  well.  *  *  The  image  of  your 

pensive  face  is  on  my  heart  and  continually  before  my  eyes.  May 
the  Father  of  mercies  support  you,  and  pour  into  your  bosom  the  rich 
consolations  of  his  grace,  and  preserve  and  strengthen  you  for  your 
family !  What  can  we  do,  if  you  suffer  yourself  to  sink  under  the 
sorrow  that  afflicts  you  ?  Let  us  bear  up  and  endeavour  to  fulfil  our 
duty  to  our  surviving  children.  Let  us  not  overcast  the  morning  of 
their  lives  with  unavailing  gloom,  by  exhibiting  to  them,  continually, 
the  picture  of  despair.  Trouble  comes  soon  enough,  whatever  we  do 
to  avert  it,  and  the  sombre  side  of  life  will  early  enough  show  itself  to 
them,  without  any  haste  on  our  part  to  draw  aside  the  cui-tain.  Let 
them  be  innocently  gay  and  happy  as  long  as  they  can ;  and  let  us 
rather  promote  than  dissipate  the  pleasing  illusions  of  hope  and  fancy. 
Let  us  endeavour  to  show  religion  to  them  in  a  cheering  light ;  the 
hopes  and  promises  it  sets  before  us ;  the  patience  and  resignation 
which  it  inspires  under  affliction ;  the  peace  and  sci'cnity  which  it 
spreads  around  us;  the  joyful  assurances  with  which  it  gilds  even  the 
night  of  death. 

•'  These  are  realities  by  which,  while  we  inculcate  them  on  others, 
we  may  profit  ourselves.  They  are  not  fallacies  to  cheat  children,  but 
realities  which  ought  to  give  strength  to  our  own  bosoms.  Is  not 
religion  a  reality  ?  Are  not  its  promises  true  ?  Are  not  its  consola- 
tions substantial?  Why,  then,  should  we  not  appeal  to  our  Lord  in 
prayer,  with  confidence  in  his  promises  ?  What  though  he  scourge 
us,  he  will  not  cast  us  ofi",  if  we  come  to  him  with  humility,  and  en- 


106 


PRESIDENTIAL  ELECTION. 


[1825. 


treat  him,  with  earnestness  and  contrition,  to  pity  and  pardon  and 
accept  of  us.  Our  Lord  himself,  when  on  earth,  was  a  man  of  sor- 
rows and  acquainted  with  grief,  and  knows  how  to  pity  our  distresses, 
and  support  us  by  the  influences  of  his  holy  spirit. 

****** 
"  May  God  bless  you,  and  breathe  into  your  bosom  peace  and 
cheerful  resignation  l" 


CHAPTER  X. 


1825. 


PRESIDENTIAL   ELECTION.  —  MR.   ADAMS   ELECTED   BY   THE    HOUSE 

OF    REPRESENTATIVES. MR.    WIRT   REMAINS    IN    THE    CABINET. 

— STATE  OP  PARTIES. — DEATH  OF  GENERAL  HARPER. — LETTER 
TO  GILMER. WRITING  OUT  SPEECHES. DOMESTIC  LIFE. RE- 
LIGIOUS SENTIMENT. DR.  WATTS. — VISIT   TO    MONTICELLO. 

UNIVERSITY  OP  VIRGINIA. — DINNER  TO  LA  FAYETTE. — DINNER 
SPEECH. — DUKE   OF    SAXE   WEIMAR. 

The  presidential  election  having  failed  in  the  electoral  colleges, 
was  transferred  to  the  House  of  Eepresentatives,  and  resulted  in  the 
choice  of  Mr.  John  Quincy  Adams.  Mr.  Wirt  had  entertained,  for 
some  time  past,  a  purpose  to  retire  from  the  post  of  Attorney-General ; 
but,  in  the  arrangement  of  the  cabinet,  his  continuance  in  office  was 
so  strenuously  insisted  upon,  that  he  did  not  feel  himself  at  liberty  to 
gratify  a  wish  which  had  no  other  motive  than  his  own  personal  com- 
fort, in  relieving  himself  of  the  very  onerous  duties  of  his  station. 
The  administration  stood  upon  the  same  political  basis  as  that  of  Mr. 
Monroe.  It  was  but  a  continuance  of  the  same  party  ascendency. 
It  looked  to  no  change  of  measures,  and  to  no  other  chanse  of  men 
than  became  inevitably  necessary  to  supply  the  vacancies  which  the 
accidents  of  political  life  had  created.  Mr.  Clay  was  called  to  the 
State  Department,  which  the  President  himself  had  held  in  the  last 
administration.  Mr.  Crawford  was  compelled,  by  ill  health,  to  retire 
fi-om  the  Treasury.     Mr.  Rush  was  appointed  in  his  place.     Mr. 


Chap.  X.] 


STATE  OF  PARTIES. 


167 


Calhoun  was  now  elected  to  the  Vice-Presidency  —  the  War  Depart- 
ment was,  therefore,  committed  to  Mr.  James  Barbour.  The  appoint- 
ment of  Judge  Thompson,  in  1823,  to  the  Supreme  Court,  had 
brought  Mr.  Southard,  at  that  time,  into  the  Navy  Department,  in 
which  post  he  was  now  continued.  Mr.  John  McLean,  of  Ohio, 
was  continued  also  in  the  Post-Ofl5ce,  and  Mr.  Wirt,  as  we  have  seen, 
retained  the  Attorney-Generalship.  These  gentlemen  had  the  full 
confidence  of  the  Democratic  party,  and,  we  may  say,  of  the  great 
majority  of  the  nation ;  and  the  country  still  indulged  the  hope  of  a 
prosperous  career  in  the  track  which  had  been  opened  by  Mr.  Madi- 
son, and  so  successfully  pursued  by  Mr.  Monroe.  Less  confidently, 
however,  it  indulged  the  hope  of  a  continuance  of  that  immunity 
from  party  contention  and  exasperation  which  had  characterized  the 
last  eight  years.  The  rising  of  an  opposition  was  seen,  at  the  very 
commencement  of  this  administration,  like  a  dark  cloud  upon  the 
horizon,  which  gradually  spread  towards  the  zenith,  not  without 
much  rumbling  of  distant  thunder  and  angry  flashes  of  fire.  It  was 
quite  obvious  to  shrewd  observers,  that  the  late  election  had  disap- 
pointed many  eager  spirits,  whose  discontent  was  likely  to  make  head 
against  the  predominant  party,  and,  by  uniting  the  scattered  frag- 
ments of  an  opposition  which  had  heretofore  only  slept,  whilst  the 
country  had  supposed  it  extinct,  would  present  a  very  formidable  an- 
tagonist to  the  new  administration.  The  extraordinary  popularity  of 
General  Jackson,  the  defeat  of  his  friends  by  the  vote  of  the  House 
of  Representatives,  the  neutrality  of  his  political  position,  his  avowed 
toleration  towards  political  opponents,  and,  what  was  thought  to  be, 
his  liberal  views  in  regard  to  prominent  political  measures  —  for  as 
jjet  nothing  was  developed  in  his  opinions  to  set  him  in  direct  oppo- 
sition to  the  policy  or  principles  which  governed  the  administration 
either  of  Madison  or  Monroe  —  all  these  considerations  gave  great 
strength  to  the  position  which  he  now  occupied,  and,  in  the  same  de- 
gree, emboldened  the  hopes  of  those  who  looked  to  him  as  the  proper 
person  to  dispute  the  next  election  against  the  present  incumbent. 
Many  of  those,  who  had  hoped  to  see  the  reign  of  good  feeling  and 
of  abstinence  from  party  strife  prolonged,  will  remember  with  what 
surprise  they  saw  this  gathering  of  hostile  elements,  and  heard  it  pro- 
claimed by  an  authoritative  political  leader,  in  the  first  days  of  the 


1138  STATE  OF  PARTIES.  [1825. 

new  administration,  that  it  should  be  and  ought  to  be  opposed,  "even 
if  it  were  as  pure  as  the  angels  at  the  right  hand  of  the  throne  of 
God."*  Such  a  declaration  was  not  less  ominous  of  what  was  to 
come,  than  it  was  startling  for  its  boldness  and  its  novelty  in  the  his- 
tory of  the  government.  Many  men,  it  is  true,  had  attached  them- 
selves to  the  cause  of  General  Jackson,  in  the  recent  election,  from 
considerations  of  individual  preference,  who  believed  him  to  be  as 
warmly  and  truly  devoted  to  the  support  of  Mr.  Monroe's  adminis- 
tration, and  the  course  of  measures  by  which  it  was  characterized,  as 
either  of  the  other  candidates ;  and  who  voted  for  him  in  the  belief 
that  his  election  would  contribute,  more  effectively  than  that  of  either 
of  his  competitors,  to  maintain  that  happy  exemption  from  party 
spirit  which  the  country  had  so  signally  experienced  through  the  two 
last  presidential  terms.  They  looked  upon  this  as  the  natural  result 
of  his  commanding  popularity,  his  avowed  moderation  of  opinion,  his 
conciliatory  relation  to  the  old  federal  party,  and  not  less,  also,  of  his 
reputation  for  solid  judgment  and  good  sound  sense. 

Those,  therefore,  who  had  become  the  friends  of  General  Jackson 
on  these  grounds,  in  the  recent  presidential  canvass,  continued  now 
to  be  his  friends  in  the  contest  for  the  succession ;  and  they  main- 
tained their  stand  for  him,  at  this  time, — not  from  any  considerations 
of  hostility  to  the  new  President,  but  merely  from  the  same  motives 
of  selection  which  had  at  first  determined  their  choice.  This  class  of 
politicians,  constituting  a  considerable  number  in  the  country,  repu- 
diated, as  became  them,  that  declaration  of  fierce  and  premeditated 
opposition  to  which  we  have  alluded.  They  abided  the  approach  of 
the  next  contest  as  an  event  which  was  to  enable  them  to  indulge  a 
personal  preference  in  the  selection  of  a  Chief  Magistrate,  rather  than 
as  an  occasion  to  express  a  sentiment  of  reprobation  of  the  policy  of 
the  existing  President,  or  censure  of  the  party  who  sustained  him. 
They  considered  themselves  none  the  less  members  of  that  party, 
whose  principles  they  had  always  approved,  because  they  differed 
with  their  associates  upon  the  question  of  the  fittest  individual  to  be 
placed  at  its  head. 

The  opposition,  however,  took  an  organized  form — became  compact, 


Ghap.  X.]      DEATH  OF  ROBERT  GOODLOE  HARPER.  169 

eager,  intolerant  and  even  vindictive.  The  serpent  egg  of  discord 
was  hatched.  A  twenty  years'  history,  since  that  time,  tells  how  the 
monster  grew,  what  fields  were  blighted,  what  fountains  poisoned, 
what  hopes  were  overthrown,  what  fears  made  real.  With  that  his- 
tory I  have  nothing  to  do  here.  I  return  to  the  subject  of  our 
IMemoirs. 

Mr.  Wirt  had  now  come  to  a  commanding  practice  in  the  Courts 
of  INIarylaud.  The  death  of  ]Mr.  Pinkney  had  left  a  space  at  that  bar 
which  was  now  partially  filled  by  himself  At  this  date,  the  bar  of 
Baltimore  was  deprived  of  another  of  its  most  distinguished  members, 
and  the  nation  of  one  of  its  purest  and  most  enlightened  patriots, — 
Robert  Goodloe  Harper.  The  death  of  this  excellent  man  was 
deeply  felt  in  the  community  of  Baltimore,  where  he  had  lived,  fur 
many -years,  actively  employed  in  professional  duties,  and  identified 
with  every  scheme  of  public  utility  which  had  been  projected  to 
increase  the  power  and  prosperity  of  the  State. 

The  letter  from  which  the  following  extract  is  made  was  written 
by  Mr.  Wirt  to  his  daughter  on  the  16th  of  January  1825,  and  refers 
to  this  event : 

"  I  have  just  returned  from  General  Harper's  funeral.  This  letter 
will  probably  bring  you  the  first  account  of  his  death.  He  dropped 
down  dead,  on  Friday  morning,  (the  14th,)  and,  it  is  said  by  his 
physicians,  died  probably  before  he  reached  the  floor.  He  has  had  no 
recent  warning  of  the  probable  approach  of  death.  On  the  contrary, 
he  has  been  unusually  well  for  some  time  past.  On  Thursday,  he 
was  well  in  court,  and  made  one  of  the  best  arguments  he  ever  made 
in  his  life — an  argument  three  hours  long.  I  met  him  again,  in  the 
afternoon,  at  a  watch-maker's,  and  he  told  me  that  he  did  not  ex- 
perience the  slightest  inconvenience  from  his  exertions  in  speaking  in 
the  morning,  and  that  he  never  felt  better.  That  night  he  was  at  a 
ball,  and,  I  am  told,  was  uncommonly  gay  and  agreeable.  On  Friday 
morning  he  was  again  well,  had  eaten  his  breakfast  as  usual,  and  was 
standing  up  before  the  fire,  reading  a  newspaper,  when  death  struck 
him  in  the  manner  I  have  mentioned.  No  one  was  in  the  room  but 
his  son,  a  fine  young  man  of  nineteen,  and  a  little  negro  boy.  It  is 
easy  to  imagine  the  shock  it  must  have  given  to  his  famil}'." 

The  withdrawal  of  one  so  distinguished  from  the  sphere  of  practice, 
left,  as  in  the  case  of  Mr.  Pinkney,  a  void  at  the  bar  which  Mr.  Wirt 
was  destined  to  supply,  in  some  degree,  by  the  enlargement  of  his 

Vol.  XL  — 15 


170  LETTER  TO  GILMER.  [1825, 

own  business.  But,  as  in  the  former  case,  a  competitor  was  removed 
■whose  great  legal  skill  and  various  accomplishments  had  served  to 
exalt  the  standard  of  professional  excellence  in  the  forum,  and  thus 
to  demand  a  more  perfect  and  sustained  discipline  from  those  who 
entered  into  the  friendly  and  exciting  rivalries  of  intellectual  prowess. 
We  shall  not  find,  however,  that  Mr.  Wirt  relaxed  in  any  degree,  his 
laborious  study  or  careful  preparation  for  the  trials  of  his  vocation. 
Study  and  preparation  had  become  the  fixed  habits  of  his  nature,  and, 
to  the  last  moment  of  his  life,  he  seems  to  have  been  stimulated  to 
his  professional  efforts  by  the  same  eager  and  ambitious  emulation 
with  which  he  entered  upon  the  contests  of  his  earlier  days. 

Gilmer  had  written  to  him  about  this  time,  to  ask  him  to  transcribe 
a  speech  which  he  had  made  on  some  recent  occasion  at  the  bar. 
This  gentleman  was  then  preparing  a  new  edition  of  his  "  Sketches 
of  American  Orators,"  and  had  composed  some  additional  articles  for 
the  work,  in  which  he  had  furnished  portraits  of  some  of  the  most 
conspicuous  gentlemen  in  Congress,  who  had  not  been  noticed  in  the 
former  edition.  From  considerations  of  a  private  nature,  I  believe, 
this  new  edition  was  never  published. 

Mr.  Wirt's  reply  to  the  letter,  asking  for  this  contribution,  contains 
some  suggestions  in  regard  to  the  writing  out  of  speeches,  which  will 
explain  how  he  himself,  at  least,  comes  to  be  in  danger  of  a  short 
report  with  posterity  upon  this  point : 

TO    FRANCIS    W.  GILMER. 

Washington,  April  2,  1825. 

You  are  to  understand  that  I  have  two  objections  to  writing  out 
my  arguments.  The  first  and  most  operative  one  is,  that  I  am  too 
lazy.  But  this  I  coxdd  overcome,  if  I  could  persuade  myself  that  the 
play  was  worth  the  candle.     That  it  is  not,  is  the  second  objection. 

The  truth  is,  I  am  so  overworked  from  September  to  April,  and 
from  the  last  of  April  till  the  middle  of  July,  that  I  am  glad  enough 
to  find  '  a  time  for  frighted  peace  to  pant,  and  breathe  short-winded 
accents  of  new  broils.'  The  interval  that  comes  to  enable  me  to 
stretch  my  limbs,  and  say, — '  now,  soul,  take  thine  ease,' — is  so  sweet 
that  I  cannot  persuade  myself  to  violate  it  by  tasking  myself  to  a  new 
effort,  which,  perchance,  may,  after  all,  do  more  harm  than  good. 

When  Fame  is  in  a  good  humour  she  makes  merrier  work  with  her 
trumpet  than  vestal  Truth  would  do.     Is  it  my  business,  according  to 


I 


Chap.  X]  WRITING  SPEECHES.  ITl 

tlic  law  of  evidence,  to  bear  testimony  against  myself?  If  Pinkney 
shall  have  a  biographer  of  genius,  he  will,  by  preserving  the  real 
echoes  of  his  fame,  do  more  for  his  immortality  than  Pinkney  could 
have  done  for  himself  if  he  had  preserved  his  speeches.  His  fame 
had  a  magnitude  by  refraction,  which  would  have  been  impaired  by 
the  publication  of  his  speeches.  I  have  no  doubt  that  Pinkney  him- 
self thought  so.  Had  he  not,  he  would  have  written  out  his  speeches. 
He  did,  i  have  been  told,  begin  to  write  out  his  speech  in  the  great 
case  of  the  Nereid — but  abandoned  it.  Why  ?  Not  through  indo- 
lence,— for,  in  every  thing  that  could  advance  his  fame,  he  was  one 
of  the  most  indefatigable  men  that  ever  lived.  He  abandoned  it, 
doubtless,  because  he  was  himself  disappointed  in  the  effect  when  he 

saw  it  upon  paper.     The  secret,  I  am  persuaded,  was  that  all  his 

experiments  convinced  him  of  the  difference  of  effect  between  a  speech 
written  and  the  same  speech  delivered.  *  *  *  jIqw 
apt  are  we  to  forget  this  difference  in  making  our  estimate  of  Demos- 
thenes and  Cicero !  We  measure  them  only  by  the  speeches  they 
bav3  left  us,  forgetting  that  the  speech  itself  is  scarcely  the  hundredth 
part  of  the  power  of  the  orator.  Demosthenes  himself  seems  to  have 
thought  it  no  part,  since  he  makes  delivery  every  thing ;  and,  we  may 
suppose,  entertained  pretty  much  the  same  notion  of  a  speech  which 
Pope  did  of  forms  of  government, — '  that  which  is  best  administered 
is  best.' 

"^Nevertheless,  if  I  could  produce  such  speeches  as  those  of -Cicero 
and  Demosthenes,  I  would  willingly  encounter  the  trouble  I  But  they 
either  wrote  out  their  speeches  a  priori,  or  they  had  more  leisure  a 
posteriori,  than  I  have.  You  may  rely  upon  it,  they  were  not  en- 
gaged as  I  am  in  the  county  court  practice  of  Baltimore.  I  am  con- 
vinced they  had  not  as  much  business  as  I  have  even  in  the  Supreme 
Coiirt — to  say  nothing  of  my  official  business,  my  practice  in  the  two 
courts  at  Baltimore,  and  in  the  Court  of  Appeals  and  the  Chancery 
at  Annapolis,  with  an  occasional  practice  in  Alexandria,  &c.  &c.  If 
Cicero  had  had  all  this,  he  could  not  have  kept  his  exordia  cut  and 
dry,  as  he  is  said  to  have  done, — to  say  nothing  of  writing  out  whole 
orations.  By-the-bye,  when  did  they  write  their  orations  ?  I  have  a 
notion  that  Demosthenes,  after  the  example  of  Pericles,  wrote  his  be- 
fore-hand, and  Cicero  generally  after.  In  the  case  of  jNIilo,  we  know 
that  ho  wrote  after.  Pliny,  the  younger,  says  that  he  himself  used  to 
write  his  own  immediately  after  delivery,  while  his  mind  was  yet 
warm  with  the  subject.  Did  Erskine  write  his,  or  were  they  written 
for  him  ?  By-the-way,  they  ai'e  most  excellent,  —  these  speeches  of 
Erskine's.  1  had  occasion  to  read  his  defence  of  Hadfield  when  I 
was  last  in  Baltimore.  There  is  a  power  of  discussion  in  it  which 
greatly  raised  my  opinion  of  him.  Added  to  this  intrinsic  power  of 
his  speeches,  the  power  of  delivery  ut  supra,  —  he  must  have  been  a 
most  puissant  wight. But  I  am  off  from  your  proposition. 


172  ORATORICAL  LITERATURE.  [1825. 

"  As  to  writing  oif  speeches,  —  can  this  be  done,  except  as  Pliny 
did  it,  —  immediately  after  delivery  ?  I  doubt  the  practicability  of 
doing  it  faithfully  at  any  distance  of  time.  It  must  be  done  whilst 
the  mind  is  yet  tossing  with  the  storm,  and  before  the  waves  have 
lost  either  their  direction  or  magnitude.  I  delivered  what  I  thought 
quite  a  respectable  speech  about  a  month  ago,  but  I  was  obliged  to 
follow  it  up  immediately  with  a  host  of  minor  subjects,  and  thus  all 
the  impressions  of  the  first  were  obliterated.  I  could  sit  down  and 
write  a  speech  on  the  same  subject  and  in  the  same  general  current 
of  argument — but  this  is  all ;  and  this  is  not  worth  while. 

"  There  is  sometimes  a  good  deal  of  unfairness  in  this  business  of 
writing  speeches.  A  man  who  has  exposed  himself  to  a  palpable  hit 
in  an  argument,  and  has  received  it,  is  apt  to  take  care  to  withdraw 
the  occasion  in  the  speech  which  he  prepares  for  j)ublicatiou,  and  thus 
give  his  adversary  the  appearance  of  having  gone  out  of  his  way  to 
give  him  an  unprovoked  thrust;  or  he  will,  in  his  prepared  speech, 
alter  the  occurrence  in  some  way  so  as  to  diminish  the  poignancy  and 
felicity  of  the  reply.  In  the  9th  vol.  of  Wheaton  you  will  see  a  faint 
illustration  of  this.  When  Emmett  introduced  his  "  Qua3  regio,"  in 
the  steamboat  case,  there  was  not  the  slightest  allusion  to  the  de- 
spondency of  ^neas  in  the  original.  On  the  contrary,  any  one  would 
have  supposed,  from  the  manner  of  the  quotation,  that  ^neas  had 
uttered  it  on  some  occasion  of  triumph.  The  contrast  of  the  occasion 
was  heard,  for  the  first  time,  in  the  reply.  But  in  the  printed  report 
you  will  see  that  he  suggests  that  contrast.  So,  that  even  om-  good 
friend  Emmett  could  not  resist  the  temptation  into  which  this  busi- 
ness of  writing  out  speeches  is  sometimes  apt  to  lead  us. 

"  After  all,  if  I  can  find  time  and  inclination  this  summer,  I  will 
try  my  hand  as  you  proiwse  —  sed,  multum  qucare  de  hoc  —  not,  be- 
lieve me,  with  any  vain,  silly  expectation  of  being  '  cited  hereafter  iu 
disquisitions  on  the  sublime  and  beautiful' — as  you  jocularly  suggest, 
but  for  the  gratification  of  such  of  my  friends  as  may  feel  any  curiosity 
about  me. 

"  '  Think  of  becoming  rich, — having  leisure,  and  writing  !' — To  be 
sure  I  do.  Why  should  I  not  ?  '  A  hundred  or  two  years  of  life' — 
you  think  —  'and  I  might  do  all  this.'  Why,  sir,  how  old  do  you 
take  me  to  be  ?  I  ask  but  three  score  and  ten  of  life  and  health  to 
do  it  all.  As  to  my  being  very  rich — I  have  no  wish  for  it.  But  I 
must  feel  that  my  death  would  leave  my  family  independent,  or  I 
could  not  write  with  any  heart.  If  I  could  secure  this  point,  I  know 
nothing  that  I  should  enjoy  more  than  to  tell  posterity  what  I  have 
seen  and  heard  —  though,  possibly,  as  Voltaire  said  of  Rousseau,  my 
letter  might  not  come  to  hand." 

This  brief  dissertation  upon  the  writing  out  of  speeches,  belongs  to 
an  age  in  literature  which  is  passing  away.     The  present  generation 


Chap.  X.]  ORATORICAL  LITERATURE.  173 

scarcely  realize  the  importance  wliich  seems  to  have  been  given,  in 
past  time,  to  this  preservation  of  the  orations  of  distinguished  speakers. 
There  is  no  branch  of  literature  which  is  so  surely  destined  to  the  back 
shelves  of  the  library  as  this.  There  arc  very  few  oi'ations  of  the 
orensic  character,  or  even  of  the  parliamentary,  which  possess  suffi- 
cient interest  to  procure  them  to  be  incorporated  in  the  literature  of  a 
nation.  It  may  sometimes  occur,  indeed,  that  their  relation  to  a  great 
historical  event,  or  their  subserviency  to  the  illustration  of  some  great 
code  or  some  attractive  part  of  a  code  of  public  law,  may  give  them  a 
foothold  sufficiently  stable  to  preserve  them  as  objects  of  value  to 
posterity.  Speeches  in  the  elucidation  of  art  or  science, — which  thus 
partake  of  the  character  of  lectures, — some  occasional  portraitures  of 
renowned  men,  some  discourses  on  the  policy  of  governments,  may, 
from  the  value  of  the  subject  and  the  felicity  with  which  it  is  treated, 
be  brought  into  the  category  of  things  to  be  kept,  multiplied  and  de- 
livered to  after  generations.  But  such  productions  of  mind  derive  no 
value  from  their  having  been  spoken,  and  will  no  further  be  thought 
worthy  of  preservation  than  as  they  may  prove  to  be  successful  exhi- 
bitions of  the  power  of  good  thinking  and  good  writing.  They  will 
be  appreciated,  according  to  their  deserts,  as  essays  or  treatises,  not  as 
speeches. 

A  speech  wiittcn  out,  if  reported  in  the  actual  language  of  the 
orator,  is  generally  a  verbose,  redundant  and  overloaded  discourse, 
glowing,  it  may  be,  with  impassioned  language,  abounding  in  fervid 
thoughts,  scattering  flowers  of  wit  and  sentiment  along  its  path,  wai-m- 
ing  the  imagination  with  brilliant  figures,  and  charming  with  happy 
turns  of  expression ;  but  it  is,  at  the  same  time,  as  every  one  must 
feel,  the  language  which  has  been  on  the  lips  of  an  actor,  a  thing  that 
has  been  played ;  and  it  is  rescued  only  from  the  judgment  of  a  severe 
criticism,  by  the  reflection  that  it  may  not  fairly  be  subjected  to  that 
ordeal,  whilst  it  is  detached  from  the  circumstances  of  time,  place  and 
occasion  of  its  delivery,  and  the  adjuncts  of  the  orator's  voice,  person 
and  manner.  To  deal  with  it  otherwise,  would  be  as  unfair  as  to  pass 
judgment  against  a  song  without  hearing  the  tune  which  has  given  it 
its  chief  popularity. 

A  speech,  not  written  in  the  words  in  which  it  was  pronounced,  is 
no  speech.    It  is  a  discourse  upon  the  same  subject,  and  will  stand  or 
15* 


174 


DOMESTIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 


[1825. 


fall  upon  its  merits  as  a  literary  composition.  No  allowance  is  to  be 
made,  in  such  a  case,  for  the  faults  or  pruriencies,  which  escape  cen- 
sure, only,  when  it  can  be  pleaded  for  them,  that  they  are  the  inevita- 
ble overflow  of  a  mind  too  vividly  at  work  to  restrain  the  abundance 
of  its  cui'rent.  It  will  be  measured  by  the  standard  which  is  applied 
to  the  productions  of  the  closet,  and  whatsoever  is  merely  oratorical 
in  it  will  be  regarded  as  an  offensive  superfluity.  We  relish  a  speech, 
whilst  the  occasion  that  has  produced  it  is  fresh  upon  our  minds ;  — 
still  more,  if  we  are  well  acquainted  with  the  orator  and  can  picture 
to  ourselves  his  gestures,  tones  of  voice  and  expression  of  face.  We 
are  captivated  by  the  glowing  extravagances,  even,  of  his  expression, 
his  quick  and  appropriate  repartee,  his  detection  of  the  dexterity  and 
craft  of  his  opponent,  who  had  laid  an  ineffectual  snare  to  entrap  him. 
We  see  in  all  this  the  action  of  the  play,  and  as  long  as  we  find  an 
interest  in  the  contemplation  of  these  conditions  and  environments  — 
to  use  a  phrase  which  has  recently  come  in  vogue — of  the  speech  and 
the  orator,  we  take  pleasure  in  it  as  a  speech.  But  when  these  topics 
of  interest  fade  away  from  it;  —  when  the  occasion  is  forgotten;  the 
man  no  longer  remembered,  when  the  public  has  ceased  to  talk  of  it, 
and  years  have  intervened,  —  how  few  speeches  retain  their  raciness  ! 
In  general,  nothing  is  more  dull,  as  matter  for  continuous  reading, 
than  a  volume  of  orations.  They  are  but  monuments  of  labour,  which, 
for  the  most  part,  serve  no  better  purpose  than  to  transmit  a  well 
engraved  portrait  of  the  orator  to  the  next  generation,  with  a  heavy, 
but,  —  as  the  world  is  willing  to  allow,  —  authentic  certificate  of  the 
gi-eat  consideration  and  esteem  in  which  the  original  was  held  amongst 
the  men  of  his  own  times,  —  how  faithfully  he  toiled,  how  deeply  he 
thought,  and  how  much  he  said.  Judicious  readers  are  apt  to  lay 
aside  such  volumes  with  the  reflection,  that  if  the  orator  had  em- 
ployed the  same  labour  in  well- written  books,  upon  subjects  wherein 
he  was  capable  of  giving  instruction,  his  fame  would,  peradventure, 
have  secured  to  itself  a  longer  flight. 

I  have  little  now  to  offer  in  the  way  of  biographical  detail,  during 
the  present  and  the  ensuing  years — 1825  and  1826, — beyond  what  is 
supplied  by  the  letters  of  Mr.  Wirt,  which,  written  principally  to  the 
members  of  his  own  household,  deal  with  matters  of  ti-ivial  interest 
and  personal  concern,  and  which  represent  him  under  the  amiable 


Chap.  X.] 


DOMESTIC  CORRESPONDENCE. 


175 


relations  of  domestic  life,  planning  the  education  of  his  children,  con- 
tributing to  the  happiness  of  the  family  circle  by  the  unrestrained 
utterances  of  a  mirthful  temper,  or  occasionally  giving  expression  to 
those  sentiments  of  religion  and  piety  which  were  taking  deeper  root 
in  his  heart  and  exercising  the  most  benignant  influence  upon  his 
character.  We  may  observe  him  at  this  period  of  his  life  under  cir- 
cumstances which  are  greatly  calculated  to  enhance  our  estimate  of 
the  general  success  of  his  career.  He  was  now  in  his  fifty-fourth 
year.  He  had  enlarged  the  sphere  of  his  acquaintance  with  the  world, 
its  business,  and  its  cares,  and  over  its  pleasant  points  of  communion, 
almost  to  the  widest  verge  which  it  attained  during  his  life.  Friends 
were  multiplied,  and  honour,  public  applause,  reverence,  and  the  full 
contentment  of  useful  labour,  now  greeted  his  advance  to  the  confines 
of  age  and  promised  the  delights  of  all  worldly  blessings  upon  the 
evening  of  his  days.  Softened  rather  than  made  proud  by  these  dis- 
pensations of  good,  his  mind  was  assuming  a  richer  tint  from  that 
mild  and  mellow  radiance  which  a  sensibility  to  religious  convictions 
imparts  to  a  thoughtful  nature.  We  have  had  frequent  occasion  to 
notice  in  his  letters,  the  gradual  progress  of  this  sentiment  from  youth 
to  manhood  and  from  manhood  towards  age,  ripening,  with  the  lapse 
of  years,  like  wholesome  fruit,  whose  flavour  is  all  the  richer  for  the 
slow  and  natural  development  of  its  growth.  It  is  pleasant  to  con- 
template this  certainty  of  progress  with  which  a  healthful  mind 
advances  to  the  maturity  of  the  opinions  and  beliefs,  in  which  old 
age  most  surely  finds  perfect  tranquillity  and  content  of  soul  to  enable 
it  to  await  cheerfully  its  final  translation  hence.  We  recognise  his 
appreciation  of  this  highest  and  purest  philosophy  of  human  life,  in 
many  of  Mr.  Wirt's  letters,  but  more  in  those  which  were  written 
from  this  period.  In  the  following  exti'act  he  does  no  more  than 
justice  to  one  of  the  blandest  lights  of  the  Christian  world,  whilst  he 
shows  how  much  of  its  lustre  radiated  in  his  own  heart. 

*' I  bought  the  other  day," — he  says  in  a  letter  to  his  wife, — "a 
copy  of  ^^'atts'  Psalms  and  Hymns.  Do  you  know  that  I  never  think 
of  this  man,  without  such  emotions  as  no  other  human  being  ever 
inspires  me  with  ?  There  is  a  loftiness  in  his  devotion,  and  an  indif- 
ference, approaching  to  contempt,  for  the  praise  or  censure  of  the 
beings  of  this  nether  world,  which  is  heroic  and  sublime.  It  is  so 
awfully  great  that  even  old,  surly,  growling  Johnson,  Avith  all  his 


176 


DR.  WATTS. 


[1S25. 


high  church  pride  and  arrogance,  felt  its  influence  and  scarcely  dared 
to  whisper  a  criticism  in  his  life  of  Dr.  "Watts — which  is  a  curiosity 
in  this  pai'ticular.  What  a  soul  of  celestial  fire,  and,  at  the  same 
time,  of  dissolving  tenderness,  was  that !  How  truly  did  he  devote 
all  the  faculties  of  that  soul  to  the  contemplation  of  the  glory  of  God 
and  of  the  Saviour  !  He  was,  indeed,  *  ever  journe^'ing  home  to  God,' 
and  seems  to  have  stopped  half-way  between  earth  and  Heaven  to 
compose  this  excellent  book.  He  was  a  rapt  soul,  and  I  never  feel 
my  own  worthlessness  half  so  forcibly  as  when  I  read  his  compositions 
and  compare  my  spmt  with  his." 

He  adds,  in  the  same  letter,  with  a  playfulness  that  was  character- 
istic, and  which  seems  to  spring  to  the  surface  of  his  thoughts,  even 
in  their  gravest  mood  : — "  I  wish  I  had  bought  that  copy  of  Dr.  Watts' 
Works,  in  five  volumes,  quarto,  which  French  once  had  for  sale.  I 
would  have  bought  it, — but,  it  occurs  to  me  that  either  IMr.  Post,  or 
Mr.  Rice,  told  me  I  could  get  the  book  cheaper  in  Philadelphia.  So 
I  postponed  it  for  a  better  opportunity, — like  some  girls  who  wait  for 
a  better  match,  and  reject  the  present  offer  of  a  good  one.  I  don't 
mean  you,  my  dear  L.  (his  daughter) :  I  have  no  fault  to  find  with 
you,  now,  in  this  or  any  other  respect." 

During  his  July  and  August  holiday,  IMr.  Wirt  made  a  tour  with 
a  portion  of  his  family  to  Old  Point  Comfort,  Norfolk,  Richmond, 
Charlottesville,  and  the  White  Sulj^hur  Springs;  a  tour  of  great 
refreshment  to  him,  not  only  as  it  served  to  renovate  his  health,  but 
even  more  in  the  opportunity  it  afforded  him  to  meet  old  and  cher- 
ished friends,  whose  habitations  lay  along  the  whole  path  of  his  joui-- 
ney.  Whilst  at  Charlottes\dlle,  he  made  a  visit  to  Mr.  Jefferson; 
his  last  visit  to  Monticello.  The  venerable  tenant  of  that  mountain 
home  was  then  suffering  under  an  acute  disease,  which,  added  to  the 
natural  infirmity  of  age,  was  rapidly  bringing  him  to  the  appointed 
term  of' his  days.*     He  died  within  the  year  from  this  date.     The 


*  The  writer  of  this  Memoir  visited  Monticello  within  a  few  weeks  after 
the  period  referred  to  in  the  text.  I  was  accompanied  by  a  friend,  and  had 
a  letter  of  introduction  from  Mr.  Wirt.  I  had  never  seen  Mr.  Jefferson.  It 
was  a  hot  day  in  July,  when  we  reached  the  top  of  the  moinitain,  and  en- 
tered the  spacious  hall  of  the  mansion.  We  presented  the  letter  to  a  lady 
of  the  family.  Mr.  Jefferson  had  been  very  ill  with  a  recent  attack  of  his 
malady,  and  therefore  excused  himself  from  receiving  company.  There 
was  a  large  glass  door  which  opened  upon  the  hall,  and  separated  Mr.  Jef- 
ferson's apartments  from  it.     Whilst  we  sat  in  this  hall,  a  tall,  attenuated 


Chap.  X.] 


DINNER  TO    LA   FAYETTE. 


177 


meeting,  we  may  believe,  was  of  melancholy  concern  to  the  Attorney- 
General.  It  was  the  visit  of  a  pilgrim,  not  to  an  empty  shrine,  but 
to  an  ancient  hearthstone,  where  the  friend  of  his  youth  yet  inhabited, 
and  where  many  vivid  memories  yet  lingered  to  bring  back  the  images 
of  the  past,  now  saddened  by  the  thought  that  the  brittle  chain  of  a 
great  life  was  soon  to  be  broken,  and,  with  it,  almost  every  surviving 
association  which  gave  interest  to  the  place. 

Whilst  ]\Ir.  Wirt  was  at  Chaidottesville,  the  Marquis  dc  La  Fayette 
was  a  guest  at  Monticello.  A  dinner  was  given  to  him  at  the  Uni- 
versity, and  the  Attorney-General  was  one  of  the  company. 

"We  have  had  a  great  day,"  —  he  wiites  to  Mrs.  W.  on  the  20th 
of  August,  1825.  "  I  dined,  by  invitation,  with  the  Marquis  at  the 
University,  and  was  placed  on  his  right  hand ;  and  I,  too,  was  toasted. 
They  wanted  me  to  make  a  speech,  but  I  am  principled  agaiast  it. 
So,  I  merely  expressed  my  thanks  for  the  unexpected  honour  they 
had  done  me;  told  them  that,  although  a  public  speaker  by  profes- 
sion, I  had  not  been  accustomed  to  speiJi  in  my  own  cause,  and  begged 
them,  in  lieu  of  a  speech,  to  accept  a  toast, — which  I  gave  them.  La 
Fayette,  who  had  been  toasted,  had  merely  returned  thanks  in  so 
many  words,  and  given  his  toast ;  but  my  friend  IMonroe,  who  was 
also  there,  had,  upon  being  called  out  in  his  turn,  made  a  speech  — 
and  not  one  of  his  best.    I  was  thought  to  have  made  a  great  escape." 

I  close  this  chapter  with  a  sketch  of  a  distinguishscd  foreigner  who 
visited  the  United  States  in  this  year,  and  who  will  be  remembered 
for  the  kindly  tone  of  a  volume  subsequently  published  by  him,  con- 
taining the  impressions  made  by  his  visit. 

TO    MRS.   WIRT. 

Baltimore,  October  30,  1825. 
*             *             *             "I  dined  yesterday  with  the  Duke 
of  Saxe  Weimar,  at  Mr.  Oliver's.     He  is  about  a  head  taller  than 
myself,  with  a  nose  relroussi,  and  features  a  good  deal  like  's, 

figure,  slightly  stooping  forward,  and  exhibiting  a  countenance  filled  with 
an  expression  of  pain,  slowly  walked  across  the  space  visible  through  the 
glass  door.  It  was  Mr.  Jefferson.  He  was  dressed  in  a  costume  long  out 
of  fashion  —  small  clothes,  a  waistcoat  with  flaps,  and,  as  it  struck  us,  in 
the  brief  view  we  had,  some  remnants  of  embroidery.  The  silence  of  the 
footfall,  the  venerable  figure,  the  old  costume,  and  the  short  space  in  which 
that  image  glided  past  the  glass  door,  made  a  strange  and  mysterious  im- 
pression upon  us.     It  was  all  that  I  ever  saw  of  the  sage  of  Monticello. 

M 


178 


THE  DUKE  OF  SAXE  WEIMAR. 


[1825. 


not  fair  and  auburn-haired,  however,  like  ,  but  witli  a  sallow 

complexion  and  dark  hair;  no  redundant  fat,  but  brawny,  muscular, 
and  of  herculean  strength.  He  is  about  thirty-five  years  old,  and 
looks  like  a  Russian,  or  one  of  those  gigantic  Cossacks.  I  dare  say 
he  makes  a  magnificent  figure  in  uniform.  He  speaks  English  tole- 
rably well ;  yet  he  has  that  apparent  dullness  of  apj^rehension  which 
always  accompanies  a  defective  knowledge  of  a  language,  and  which 
renders  it  rather  up-hill  work  to  talk  with  him.  He  sat  between 
Oliver  and  Mr.  B.,  neither  of  whom  seemed  to  be  able  to  find  him  in 
talk.  T.,  who  you  know  is  a  pious  Roman  Catholic,  as  well  as  a 
most  amiable  gentleman,  said,  '  Come,  Mr.  B.,  Mr.  Wirt  and  I  sit 
side  by  side  quite  enough  in  court,  let  me  change  places  with  j-ou ;' — 
his  object  being  to  amuse  the  Duke.  The  change  was  made,  and  T. 
and  the  Duke  got  into  a  side  talk.  The  Duke  was  soon  observed  to 
speak  with  a  most  '  saracenical  and  vandalic'  fury,  and,  as  I  was  after- 
wards informed,  was  pronouncing  a  philippic  against  the  Roman  Cath- 
olic religion,  which  he  blamed  for  all  the  political  conspu-acies  in 
Europe.  T.  soon  took  occasion  to  tell  him  that  he  was  himself  a 
Roman  Catholic.  This  produced  some  embarrassment,  but  the  Duke 
got  over  it.  T.  changed  the  subject  to  the  war,  in  which  the  Duke 
had  figured — particularly  at  Waterloo ;  and  unluckily  asked  the  Duke 
about  Blucher.  Now,  Blucher,  it  seems,  had  on  some  occasion  gone 
into  the  Duke's  territories,  and  was  exacting  contributions  from  his 
subjects,  which  the  Duke  hearing,  had  him  put  in  prison.  So,  here 
was  a  new  contre-tenips,  and  as  there  was  a  general  pause  at  the  table, 
I  attempted  to  reheve  it  by  asking  the  Duke  another  question,  which 
contributed  to  increase  the  difiiculty.  I  dare  say  he  wished  himself 
amongst  the  wild  boars  of  the  forest  of  Westphalia." 


CHAPTER  XI. 

1826. 

CHARACTER   OF  HIS  CORRESPONDENCE. — IS  APPOINTED   PROFESSOR 

OF  LAW,  AND  PRESIDENT   OF   THE   UNIVERSITY   OF  VIRGINIA. 

DECLINES. LETTER    TO    HIS    DAUGHTER. COMMON    SENSE    AND 

GENIUS. — DEATH  OF  ADAMS  AND  JEFFERSON. — WIRT  APPOINTED 

TO    DELIVER    THE    EULOGY    UPON     THEM.— LETTER    TO    POPE. 

APPROACH  OF  OLD  AGE. — DELIVERS   THE   DISCOURSE   ON  ADAMS 

AND    JEFFERSON. ITS     RECEPTION     AND     CHARACTER. LETTER 

TO     BENJAMIN     EDWARDS,     CONDOLENCE. LETTER     TO     JUDGE 

CABELL,  PRESENTING   THE   DIFFICULTIES   IN  WRITING   THE   DIS- 
COURSE. 

I  HAVE  now  great  numbers  of  letters  written  from  this  period  of  the 
life  of  Mr.  Wirt  until  the  close  of  it.  They  form  a  most  interesting 
collection,  worthy  of  separate  publication.  They  are  mainly  written 
to  members  of  his  own  family,  and  overflow  with  wholesome  instruc- 
tion communicated  in  the  most  pleasing  forms,  kind  and  wise  counsels, 
playful  gossip  informed  by  a  matchless  kind-heartedness,  grotesque 
and  whimsical  conceits  to  amuse  his  family  fireside,  grave  dissertation 
often,  and  everywhere  breathing  a  spirit  of  an  earnest,  profound  and 
hopeful  Christian  temper. 

His  days  were  devoted  to  hard  work — harder  than  heretofore — 
cheerfully,  and  always  patiently  performed.  This  found  a  short  in- 
termission at  midsummer,  when  the  vacation  of  the  courts  allowed 
him  to  travel  for  health  and  recreation.  In  his  working-time,  his 
choice  amusement  seems  to  have  been  the  employment  of  his  pen  in 
this  friendly  correspondence.  I  have  not  space  for  a  tythe  of  these 
letters.  My  selections  shall  be  confined  to  such  merely  as  may  con- 
tribute to  forward  the  personal  history  I  am  writing ;  such  as  may 
show  the  track  of  his  life,  develope  his  character,  illustrate,  now  and 
then,  some  opinion,  or  tell  us  what  he  has  done  or  means  to  do. 
Even  from  the  few  I  shall  present  with  this  purpose,  I  shall,  some- 
times, only  give  extracts.    He  did  not,  as  the  reader  has  had  abundant 

a79) 


180  CHARACTER  OF  HIS  LETTERS.  [1826. 

reason  to  know,  write  his  letters  with  any  expectation  that  they  were 
ever  to  be  put  in  print.  They  ramble  over  the  lightest  and  the  gravest 
topics,  and  digress,  sometimes,  so  rapidly  from  one  to  the  other,  utter 
his  opinions  with  such  unmasked  freedom,  and  sport  through  such  a 
field  of  odd  and  amusing  fancies,  as  often  to  bring  to  our  remembrance 
the  eccentric  drolleries  of  Tristram  Shandy,  and  to  convince  us  that 
the  rich  vagaries  of  the  amiable  and  witty  Yorick  found  a  kindred 
soil  in  the  mind  of  the  letter-writer.  A  correspondence  thrown  oif  in 
this  temper,  will,  of  com-se,  exhibit  many  inaccuracies  of  style,  some 
crudities  of  opinion,  perhaps,  something  of  what  in  other  circum- 
stances would  be  called  egotism,  something,  also  that  the  world  might 
consider  vanity  of  opinion — but  they  will  display  the  true  man.  A 
perusal  of  these  letters  convinces  me  that  no  man  might,  more  fearless 
of  scrutiny  or  public  censure,  throw  all  his  secret  thoughts  and  his 
most  unguarded  feelings  and  sayings  open  to  the  world  than  William 
Wirt. 

Before  I  pursue  this  correspondence,  I  have  to  note  an  incident 
which  occurred  early  in  the  present  year,  and  which  bears  honourable 
testimony  to  the  estimate  made  of  the  legal  and  literary  accomplish- 
ments of  the  Attorney-General,  by  a  learned  body  which  was,  at 
that  period,  peculiarly  illustrious  from  the  distinction  of  those  who 
composed  it. 

On  the  6th  of  April,  1826,  this  letter  was  addressed  to  Mr.  Wirt 
from  IMonticello. 

Dear  Sir  : 

I  have  the  pleasure  to  inform  you  that,  by  an  unanimous  vote  of 
the  Rector  and  Visitors  of  the  University  of  Virginia,*  you  have  been 
appointed  Professor  of  the  School  of  Law  in  that  Institution.  To  no 
one,  I  can  assure  you,  is  that  appointment  more  gratifying  than  to 
myself;  and  I  may  further  say  with  truth  and  for  your  satisfaction, 
that  your  name  was  amongst  the  first  which  occurred  to  some  of  us 
at  the  epoch  of  the  original  nomination,  was  the  subject  of  consulta- 
tion, and  would  have  been  that,  probably,  of  first  approbation,  but 
from  an  absolute  despair  of  your  relinquishing  for  this,  the  higher 
station  you  occupy.  Some  suggestions,  however,  having  lately  reached 
the  Board,  that  this  might  possibly  be  less  desperate  than  was  appre- 

*  The  record  of  the  proceedings  which  accompanied  this  letter,  stated 
that  the  members  who  gave  this  vote,  were,  "Thomas  Jefferson,  Rector, 
Joseph  C.  Cabellj  John  H.  Cocks,  Chapman  Johnson  and  James  Madison." 


Chap.  XI]  DECLINES  AN  APPOINTMENT.  181 

bended,  they  have,  with  a  view  to  strengthen  inducements  to  your 
acceptance,  created  an  office  of  President  of  the  University,  with  an 
annual  sahu-y  of  fifteen  hundred  dollars,  and  appointed  you  to  that 
office  also.  Their  resolutions  to  these  effijcts  I  have  the  honour  now 
to  enclose ;  and  the  public  impatience  to  see  the  school  of  law  opened, 
makes  it  my  duty  to  say  that  an  answer,  at  your  earliest  convenience, 
will  heighten  the  gratification  of  your  acceptance.  Permit  nie  to  add 
the  assurance  of  my  great  and  constant  esteem  and  respect. 

Thomas  Jefferson. 

The  resolutions  which  accompanied  this  letter,  conveyed  a  very 
striking  compliment  to  the  individual  to  whom  they  refer,  and  one  of 
very  unusual  occurrence  in  similar  institutions,  as  will  be  seen  ia  the 
last  of  a  series  adopted  on  that  occasion  : 

"Resolved,  That  William  Wirt,  at  present  Attorney-General  of  the 
United  States,  be  appointed  President  of  the  University  and  Professor 
of  Law ;  and  that  if  he  decline  the  appointment,  the  resolution  es- 
tablishing the  office  of  President  be  null  and  void." 

The  reply  to  this  letter  was  as  follows  : 

TO   THOMAS   JEFFERSON. 

Washington,  April  8,  1826. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  hasten  to  acknowledge  j^our  favour  of  the  6th  inst.,  just  received, 
by  which  I  have  been  both  pained  and  gratified.  I  beg  you  to  be 
assured  that  I  had  no  agency,  direct  nor  indirect,  in  giving  this  trouble 
to  the  Rector  and  Visitors  of  the  University  of  Virginia,  and  I  regret 
exceedingly  the  suggestion  that  led  to  it.  I  am  very  sensible  of  the 
kindness  of  the  motive  which  prompted  my  friend  to  make  the  sug- 
gestion, and  I  shall  never  cease  to  remember  with  grateful  pleasure 
this  mark  of  confidence,  from  those  whose  confidence  is,  in  my  estima- 
tion, above  all  earthly  price.  But  with  very  strong  prepossessions 
towards  the  course  of  employment  proposed  to  me,  my  situation 
compels  me  to  decline  it,  and  to  resign  myself,  perhaps  for  life,  to  the 
more  profitable  labours  of  my  profession. 

^  :}:  *  :j;  ^  :ie  :)c 

With  the  most  grateful  acknowledgments  to  the  Rector  and  Visitors 
of  the  University  of  Virginia  for  the  honour  done  me  by  an  offer  so 
flattering  in  all  its  circumstances,  and  with  the  deepest  sense  of  your 
personal  kindness  to  me,  dear  sir,  on  this  and  every  other  occasion,  I 
remain,  as  I  have  ever  been. 

Your  faithful  and  devoted  servant, 

Wm.  Wirt. 
Vol.  II.  — 1G 


182  LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER.  [1826. 

We  return  now  to  that  topic  from  which  this  incident  had  led  us 
to  dim-ess. 

It  seems  to  have  been  the  aim  of  jNIr.  Wirt,  in  his  correspondence 
with  his  children,  not  only  to  invite  the  most  unrestrained  confidence 
in  their  intercourse  with  him,  but,  also,  to  encourage  habits  of  reflec- 
tion upon  grave  and  useful  subjects,  and  thus  to  stimulate  their  ambi- 
tion to  the  highest  order  of  studies.  In  the  following  letter,  which 
was  drawn  forth  by  some  inquiry  from  his  daughter,  the  reader  will 
smile  at  the  earnestness  of  the  dissertation  which  is  apparently  so 
elaborately  worked  out  for  the  benefit  of  a  young  lady  not  yet  en- 
tirely emancipated  from  the  charge  of  her  teachers.  He  will  be 
struck,  also,  with  the  random  playfulness  with  which  a  metaphysical 
question  is  familiarized  to  the  mind  of  his  youthful  correspondent. 

TO   ELIZABETH   WIRT. 

Baltimore,  May  18,  1826. 
*  *  *  It  is  after  mail  hour  to-night,  but  it  is 

not  yet  bed-time, — and  so,  I  think  I  will  employ  the  interval  in  hold- 
ing a  little  discourse  with  you. 

First  and  foremost,  I  desire  to  thank  you  for  your  very  flattering 
compliment  to  my  nonsense.  I  beg  to  put  you  right  in  one  particular, 
however.  That  same  "  straight-forward,  broad  road  of  common  sense," 
which  you  seem  to  think  so  crowded,  is  as  unlike  "the  broad  road  that 
leadeth  to  destruction,"  in  the  number  of  its  travellers,  as  in  the  ter- 
mination to  which  it  conducts  them.  It  leads  to  peace  and  safety, 
and  few  there  be  that  travel  it.  It  is  a  perfect  desert,  with,  here  and 
there,  only  a  straggling  passenger.  Common  sense  is  a  much  rarer 
equality  than  genius. 

This  may  sound  to  you  a  little  paradoxical  at  fiirst,  —  but  you  will 
find  it  true.  And  there  is  quite  as  much  counterfeit  common  sense 
as  counterfeit  genius  in  the  world.  Mere  eccentricity,  animal  spirits 
and  impudence,  often  pass  for  the  last,  and  a  leaden  dulness  for  the 
former.  But  I  am  comparing  not  the  counterfeits,  but  the  genuine 
diamonds :  and  I  do  aver,  that  for  one  diamond  of  common  sense  that 
you  can  show  me,  I  will  show  you  twenty  merchantable  diamonds  of 
genius.  If  you  will  reflect  a  moment  on  the  number  of  faculties 
which  must  necessarily  enter  into  the  composition  of  common  sense, 
you  will  not  be  surprised  at  the  fact.  For  common  sense  is  not,  as 
superficial  thinkers  arc  apt  to  suppose,  a  mere  negative  faculty — it  is 
a  positive  faculhj,  and  one  of  the  highest  power.  It  is  this  faculty 
that  instructs  us  when  to  speak,  when  to  be  silent,  when  to  act,  when 


Chap.  XL]  LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER.  183 

to  be  still ; — and,  moreover,  it  teaches  us  what  to  speak,  what  to  sup- 
press, what  to  do,  and  what  to  forbear.  Now,  pause  a  moment  to 
reflect  on  the  number  of  fiiculties  which  must  be  combined  to  consti- 
tute this  common  sense ;  a  rapid  and  profound  foresight  to  calculate 
the  consequences  of  what  is  to  be  said  or  done,  a  rapid  circumspection 
and  extensive  comprehension,  so  as  to  be  sure  of  taking  in  all  the 
circumstances  which  belong  to  the  case,  and  missing  no  tigure  in  this 
arithmetic  of  the  mind,  and  an  accuracy  of  decision  which  must  be 
as  quick  as  lightning,  so  as  not  to  let  the  occasion  slip.  See  what  a 
knowledge  of  life,  either  by  experience  or  intuition,  and  what  a  happy 
constitutional  poise  between  the  passions  and  the  reason,  or  what  a 
powerful  self-command,  all  enter  into  the  composition  of  that  little, 
demure,  quiet,  unadmired  and  almost  despised  thing  called  common 
sense.  It  pretends  to  no  brilliancy,  for  it  possesses  none ;  it  has  no 
ostentation,  for  it  has  nothing  to  show  that  the  world  admires.  The 
powerful  and  constant  action  of  the  intellect,  which  makes  its  nature, 
is  unobserved  even  by  the  proprietor ;  for  every  thing  is  done  with 
intuitive  ease,  with  a  sort  of  unconscious  felicity.  See,  then,  the 
C|uick  and  piercing  sagacity,  the  prophetic  penetration,  the  wide  com- 
prehension and  the  prompt  and  accurate  judgment  which  combine  to 
constitute  common  sense,  which  is  as  inestimably  valuable  as  the 
solar  light,  and  as  little  thought  of.  Now,  turn  to  genius ;  analyze 
it,  and  see  how  many  useful  qualities  enter  into  its  composition. 
Genius,  what  is  it  ?  a  fever  of  the  brain  —  sparkling  with  delirious 
brilliancy;  a  nocturnal  exhibition  of  fh-e-works  in  a  state  of  rapid 
metamorphosis  :  —  now  it  is  a  horizontal  hoop,  turning  and  whizzing, 
and  cracking  and  shooting  off  its  lateral  spouts  of  fire;  aud  then,  with 
a  louder  crack,  it  becomes  a  fountain,  a.  jet  d'^eau,  pouring  up  a  roar- 
ing flood  of  fire,  which  parts  at  the  top  and  falls  ofi"  on  every  side, 
like  a  weeping  willow  composed  of  pencils  of  descending  sparks; 
then,  crack !  it  becomes  a  vertical  wheel,  and  away  it  gofe,  round, 
round,  round,  whiz,  whiz,  crack,  whiz,  whiz,  crack,  crash,  crack — and 
then  the  foolish  mob  laugh,  and  clap  their  hands,  and  huzza !  huzza ! 
and  the  heart  of  the  foolish  exhibitor  is  proud.     Such  is  genius  ! —  ( 

And  then  it  plays  at  blindman's-bufi",  and  moves  about  as  confidently 
as  if  it  had  its  eyesight ;  then  bump  goes  its  nose  against  a  mantel- 
piece, and  then  the  bbod  flows ;  it  turns  in  a  difierent  direction,  and 
smack  goes  its  shins  against  a  sofa,  and  blood  flows  again ;  it  cries, 
"0  dear,"  changes  its  course,  with  outstretched  arms,  and  thrusts  its 
fingers  into  a  neTghbour's  eyes;  it  cries  "0  dear"  again,  drops  its 
hands,  and  they  are  seized  by  a  dog ;  it  picks  up  what  it  supposes  to 
be  a  stick  to  strike  the  dog,  and  it  proves  to  be  a  rattlesnake,  which 
stings  it  to  death — and  such  is  gcn'ms !  Anon,  you  will  find  it  risen 
from  the  grave  like  a  vampire,  and  going  forth  to  the  brow  of  a  hill 
to  behold  the  beauties  of  the  rising  sun,  and  running  forward  with 
rapturous  exclamation  till  it  pitches  over  the  brow  of  the  precipice; — 


184  COMMON  SENSE  AND  GENIUS.  [182G. 

then  reclining  on  the  bank  of  a  river,  and  weeping  with  idiot  sorrow 
at  the  forest  on  the  other  side,  embrowned  with  autumn,  and  the 
scred  leaves  falling  with  every  breeze.  *'  Alas  !  what  an  emblem  of 
frail  humanity  I"  Next  rushing  with  maniac  fury  up  the  sides  of 
Mont  Blanc,  perilling  life  at  every  step  among  the  roar  of  falling 
glaciers  and  the  yawning  of  frightful  fissures, — all  to  see  the  summit 
of  Mont  Blanc !  Then  lying  along  on  a  tombstone  in  a  country 
church-yard,  listening,  with  half-closed  eyes,  to  the  drowsy  beetle, 
and  marking  the  weary  ploughman  as  he  plods  his  homeward  way, 
and  dreaming  of  elegies  and  epitaphs,  until  the  night-dews  come  to 
bring  fever  and  death  :  —  and  such  is  genius  !  Then  sitting  among 
the  ruins  of  Palmyra,  to  hear  the  jackal  scream  as  he  digs  the  graves 
for  his  wonted  repast,  rapt  in  a  vision  of  long-past  glory  of  Babylon 
and  Memphis  and  Egyptian  Thebes.  Or  seeking  for  glory  itself,  in 
discovering  in  a  reverie  of  Chaldean  astrology  and  astronomy,  the 
sources  at  once  of  the  Pagan  Mythology  and  the  Christian  revelation; 
and  then  going  home  to  die  under  the  stroke  of  the  guillotine,  or  to 
rot  in  a  prison,  or  to  perish  in  the  streets  in  vile  and  inglorious 
poverty  and  contempt.  Or  traversing  the  burning  sands  of  Africa, 
among  growling  tigers,  and  famished  lions,  and  serpents  of  stupendous 
length,  to  look  for  the  sources  of  the  Nile  and  the  Niger,  and  perish- 
ing, far  in  the  interior,  among  savage  negroes,  by  a  death  as  obscure 
and  impenetrable  as  the  sources  of  the  rivers  which  it  died  in  attempt- 
ing to  explore.  Behold  the  reward  of  impulsive  genius !  "  Oh 
Genius  \"  as  a  friend  of  mine  once  said  of  a  friend  of  yours,  "forgive 
this  feeble  attempt  to  portray  thy  beauties  !" 

"  Surely  you  are  not  in  earnest  in  decrying  genius  at  this  rate  ?" 
Indeed  I  am.  Of  itself  it  is  a  mere  bedlamite  :  but  combine  it  with 
common  sense,  and  you  make  it  a  radiant  seraph.  That  is  the  union 
which  my  soul  delights  to  honour.  Unite  genius  with  common  sense, 
and  I  care  not  what  capers  it  cuts  nor  into  what  apparent  dangers  it 
plunges.  It  may  pitch  down  the  cataract  of  Niagara,  or  rise  on  the 
spray  and  laugh  among  the  mimic  rainbows.  It  may  spring  up  with 
the  lark  that  sings  "  at  Heaven's  gate," — or  shoot  with  meteor  blaze 
across  the  wide  expanse — or  belt  the  globe  in  a  minute  with  Ariel, — 
or  thread  it  through  the  poles  with  Captain  Symmos — or  leap  into 
the  crater  of  a  volcano  with  Empedocles, — or  dance  among  the  merry 
streamers  of  the  Aurora  Borealis  till  midnight,  —  and  then  pillow  its 
head  on  the  southern  cross — and  come  down  in  the  morning  on  the 
back  of  one  of  Southey's  blue-winged  what-you-call-ums  [I  forget  the 
name — glendnveers]  so  that  I  distinctly  see  common  sense  by  its  side 
all  the  time,  I  should  feel  no  fear  of  any  mishap. 

So,  here  we  are,  upon  terra  jirma  again  !  With  regard  to  the  afore- 
said extravaganza,  all  I  have  to  say  about  it  is—"  accept"  extrava- 
gance "  instead  of  wit."  The  long  and  the  short  of  the  afl'air  is, — put 
common  sense  at  the  helm,  and  genius  may  fill  the  sails  till  the  can- 


Chap.  XL]  COMMON  SENSE  AND  GENIUS.  185 

vass  cracks — all's  safe : — ^but  put  genius  at  the  helm — and  a  zephyr 
will  do  the  business.  The  richly  freighted  argosie  is  soon  upon  the 
rocks  and  its  treasures  cover  the  waves.  Do  you  understand  the 
morale  of  all  this 't  The  fact  is,  you  have  two  sides  to  your  head,  and 
you  are  in  a  ruinous  mistake  with  regard  to  their  relative  value  : — you 
are  caught  with  the  tinsel  glitter  and  sleight-of-hand  tricks  played  by 
the  one, — and  you  despise  the  plain  bullion  of  the  other.  Perish, 
perish  such  a  mistake  forever ! — genius  may  make  us  admired,  but  it 
is  common  sense  alone  that  can  make  us  respected.  Believe  me,  this 
is  not  "  philosophy  and  nonsense,"  my  dear  daughter;  it  is  Heaven's 
truth, — and  I  pray  you  to  believe  it.  Be  as  gay  and  animated  and 
brilliant  and  captivating  as  you  please :  but  let  it  be  seen  that  all 
these  spirited  graces  are  perfectly  under  the  command  of  strong  com- 
mon sense,  and  the  admiration  and  respect  will  be  equally  unbounded. 
Was  it  ever  your  good  fortune  to  see  ''  the  grand  entree  of  all  those 
beautiful  horses?" — and  did  you  not  mai'k  how,  amid  a  thousand 
apparently  hair-breadth  escapes,  the  most  intricate,  difficult,  and  beau- 
tiful evolutions  were  executed,  with  a  rapidity  which  seemed  to  defy 
all  notions  of  concert  or  command  ? — with  what  spirit,  what  grace, 
what  beauty,  they  involved  and  evolved  themselves,  in  every  possible 
variety  of  combination — and  all  without  the  slightest  confusion,  with- 
out a  single  jar,  every  horse  turning  and  wheeling  at  the  point  of 
danger,  at  the  slightest  touch  of  the  rein  ?  That  is  a  fine  symbol  of 
the  conversation  and  action  of  genius  and  common  sense  combined — ■ 
genius  supplying  the  impetus  and  common  sense  the  tact.  Maria  M. 
was  a  girl,  spirited  and  gay  to  volatility,  bounding  along  with  the 
agility  and  grace  of  the  antelope,  free,  excursive,  full  of  point  and 
brilliancy, — running,  leaping,  flying  through  all  the  mazes  of  thought 
and  action,  with  a  quickness  and  versatility  which  you  would  suppose 
had  double-distanced  common  sense  and  left  it  out  of  sight, — yet  did 
you  perpetually  see  that  Mentor  by  her  side,  and  she  was  safe.  You 
would  sometimes  think  that  she  was  rushing  upon  some  ruinous  mis- 
take, but  she  would  turn  with  the  happiest  tact,  at  the  point  of  danger, 
and  fill  you  with  new  wonder  at  the  talent  which  could  thus  escape. 
I  have  seen  other  animated  and  brilliant  girls  who  were  perpetually 
getting  themselves  into  scrapes — committing  indiscretion  upon  indis- 
cretion— hitting  people  upon  their  tender  points— continually  repent- 
ing and  continually  blundering.  This  was  fur  the  want  of  commou 
sense — yet  they  were  as  vain  of  their  genius  as  the  stag  in  the  fable 
of  his  antlers,  and  despised  mere  common  sense  folks,  as  the  aforesaid 
stag  did  his  feet;  but  their  genius  was  perpetually  getting  its  antlers 
entangled  amons  the  thickets  of  indiscretion,  while  common  sense 
ran  safely  forward  upon  its  feet.  Have  you  got  enough  of  it,  and 
will  you  profit  by  it? — tell  me  that.     'Tis  bed  time — so,  good  night. 

Your  afiectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 
16* 


186  DEATH  OF  ADAMS  AND  JEFFERSON.  [1826. 

The  fourth  of  July  in  this  year  1826,  has  been  made  memorable, 
above  all  other  returns  of  the  great  national  anniversary,  by  the  most 
remarkable  incident,  of  its  kind,  in  this  or  any  other  country — the 
death  of  John  Adams  and  Thomas  Jefferson.  Those  two  illustrious 
men  died  on  this  day,  at  the  termination  of  the  fii'st  half  century 
since  the  Declaration  of  Independence.  They  were  the  two  individuals 
who  constituted  the  sub-committee  appointed  to  prepare  the  declara- 
tion, by  the  committee  of  five  to  whom  that  duty  had  been  confided 
by  Congress,  and,  together  with  Charles  Carroll  of  Carrolton,  the  only 
survivors,  at  this  date,  of  that  illustrious  Congress  itself  They  had 
both  been  presidents  of  the  United  States.  They  were  each  the  leader  • 
or  chief  respectively  of  one  of  the  two  opposing  political  parties  which, 
from  the  organization  of  the  government,  had  divided  the  people, 
through  a  long  and  bitter  antagonism.  They  had  now  each  passed 
beyond  the  limit  of  fourscore  years, — Mr.  Adams,  indeed,  beyond 
fourscore  and  ten, — and  outliving  the  animosities  and  passions  of  their 
earlier  time,  had  advanced  into  the  evening  of  their  days  in  kindly  com- 
munion, which  was  sustained  in  a  long  and  frequent  correspondence 
by  letter,  unalloyed  by  a  single  harsh  remembrance  or  ungentle  recur- 
rence to  the  past  Great  preparations  had  been  made  everywhere  to 
greet  this  anniversary  with  peculiar  congratulation,  as  the  termination 
of  the  first  fifty  years  of  national  independence  and  national  happiness. 
Amidst  these  rejoicings  in  the  general  holiday,  celebrated  with  an 
unusual  display  of  pageantry  and  observance,  the  two  patriarchs  of 
the  Republic,  each  at  his  own  home, — one  in  Massachusetts,  the 
other  in  Virginia — took  their  departure  from  this  sphere.  It  seemed 
as  if  by  some  special  bounty  of  Providence,  that,  in  this  universal 
jubilee — of  which  they  only,  amongst  living  men,  were  the  authors — 
their  spirits  were  pei'mitted  to  be  lifted  upon  the  voices  of  grateful 
millions  to  that  throne  before  which  the  nation  was  bowed  in  the 
worship  of  thanksgiving. 

The  country  could  scarcely  believe  the  tidings  of  this  extraordinary 
event,  which  in  a  few  days  sped  from  state  to  state,  from  city  to  vil- 
lage, and  from  village  to  each  rural  homestead ;  so  strange  and  even 
miraculous  seemed  the  dispensation.  It  became,  itself,  an  event  for 
celebration,  and  was  commemorated  in  many  places  by  public  meetings 
and  orations.     At  the  city  of  Washington  it  was  determined  to  sig- 


Chap.  XL]        COMMEMORATION   OF  THIS  EVENT. 


187 


nalize  it  by  a  public  assemblage  of  the  citizens  of  tbe  Capital  and  tbe 
functionaries  of  government,  and  by  an  appropriate  eulogy  on  tlie 
illustrious  dead.  The  day  appropriated  for  this  ceremony  was  the 
19th  of  October,  being  the  anniversary  of  the  surrender  at  York,  and 
also  of  the  birthday  of  Mr.  Adams.  The  Hall  of  Representatives  in 
the  Capitol  vfas  designated  as  the  place  for  the  celebration.  IMr.  Wirt 
was  selected  by  the  committee  to  pronounce  this  eulogy.  Fearing,  at 
first,  that  he  might  not  be  able  to  do  full  justice  to  the  subject  in  a 
joint  eulogy,  he  accepted  the  invitation,  with  an  understanding  that 
he  should  confine  his  discourse  to  Mr.  Jefferson,  with  whose  life  he 
was  most  familiar,  and  that  another  speaker  should  be  procured  for 
the  same  occasion,  who  might  do  equal  justice  to  Mr.  Adams.  Mr. 
Everett  was  thought  to  be  best  qualified  for  this  duty,  and  was,  per- 
haps, asked  to  perform  it.  A  second  thought,  however,  seems  to 
have  brought  the  committee  to  the  determination  to  insist  upon  their 
original  plan,  and  Mr.  Wirt  consented  to  comply  with  their  wish. 
We  shall  see  some  reference  to  this  arrangement  in  the  next  letter. 


TO  WILLIAM   rOPE. 

Washington,  July  24,  1826. 
My  dear  Pope  : 

I  owe  you  so  many  letters  that  I  shall  never  be  able  to  pay  you, 
and  you  will  either  have  to  spunge  the  debt,  or  be  content  to  take 
sixpence  in  the  pound. 

My  daughters,  L- and  R ,  and  myself,  leave  this  place  on 

Wednesday  next,  in  the  steamboat,  for  Richmond  (by  the  way  of 
Norfolk),  where  our  carriage  and  horses  will  meet  us,  and  we  shall 

there  take  up  E ,  and  move  off  on  Monday  the  31st  July,  in  the 

afternoon,  to  Powell's,  and  so  on,  via  Goochland  Court-house  and 
Mrs.  Tinslcy's,  to  Charlottesville  and  the  Springs.  This  is  our  pre- 
sent plan.  Barring  accidents,  we  shall  certainly  be  in  Richmond  on 
next  Saturday  morning;  and  as  we  are  late  in  the  season  for  the 
Springs,  my  desire  will  be  to  move  on  as  I  have  already  stated ; 
though  we  may  possibly  be  detained  a  day  or  two  longer  in  Richmond. 
I  take  a  carriaore  and  a  saddle-horse  for  the  girls  to  rest  themselves 
occasionally;  so  that  if  j'ou  could  join  us  on  horscbnch,  you  would 
always  have  either  myself  or  one  of  the  girls  to  parley  with  by  the 
way,  on  horseback,  too.  I  need  not  tell  you  how  happy  I  shall  be  to 
encounter  you. 

I  am  delighted  to  find  that  you  still  keep  up  j^our  fine  spirits. — 
What  a  treasure  it  is  to  have  them !     I  would  not  exchauire  them  for 


188 


LETTER  TO   POPE. 


[1826. 


the  moping  and  anxious  wealtli  of  all  the  misers  in  the  land.     But  is 

it  not  hard  that  we  are  to  live  thus  asunder ;  to  have  lost  so  many- 
years  of  friendly  mirth  and  hilarity ;  and  never  to  see  each  other  ex- 
cept by  a  casual  rencontre  for  a  moment  on  the  road ;  even  this  not 
"  'till  youth  and  genial  years  are  flown,  and  all  the  life  of  life  is  gone  ?" 
Why,  what  a  life  it  is  !  Before  we  can  turn  around  three  times,  we 
are  old  —  and  the  servants  call  us  '^old  master"  —  and  we  hear  our 
fellow-travellers  alluding  to  us  as  "  the  old  gentleman" — and  the  girls 
look  away  from  us  to  ogle  the  boys,  and  tell  us,  as  plain  as  looks  can 
speak,  that  they  would  none  of  us  :  and  yet  it  was  but  the  other  day 
that,  when  a  fine  girl  was  the  word,  no  boys  in  the  land  could  stand 
before  us.  What  is  the  meaning  of  all  this  ?  I  have  not  had  my 
share  of  life's  banquet  yet;  at  least,  my  appetite  is  not  satisfied.  I 
cannot  say  with  Lothario,  "  Sated  with  the  delicious  banquet  I  arose  :" 
on  the  contrary,  I  consider  myself  as  just  fairly  set  in.  And  to  have 
the  dishes  removed  while  the  edge  of  appetite  is  yet  so  keen,  is  treating 
me  rather  too  much  like  Sancho  in  the  island  of  Barataria,  to  be  agree- 
able to  my  taste.  Plague  on  them  all,  I  say !  I  am  not  old.  Is  a 
man  old  at  fifty  ?  Why,  Mr.  Jefferson  was  fifty  when  he  resigned 
the  Secretaryship  of  State ;  and  he  was  then  not  more  than  half-way 
in  his  race  either  of  enjoyment  or  glory.  Sm-ely  a  man  is  himself  the 
best  judge  whether  he  is  old  or  not ;  and  I  seem  to  myself  to  be  quite 
as  young  as  I  was  in  1802,  when  they  made  me  a  Chancellor  —  and 
when  I  was  certainly  a  beau  of  the  first  magnitude  —  with  no  lean 
wardrobe  either  —  witness  the  black  silks,  in  which  you  paid  your 
devoirs  to  Miss  Lucretia  McTabb,  in  the  old  lodge.  —  "No  more  o' 
that,  an  you  love  me,  Hal !"  This  fimcy  they  have,  of  my  being  old, 
and  treating  me  with  the  reverence  due  to  age,  is  really  quite  divert- 
ing sometimes ;  and  I  catch  myself  laughing  in  my  sleeve  at  their 
mistake.  It  reminds  me  of  a  character  in  Terence,  assumed  as  a 
mask  for  better  sport.  But  the  drollest  part  of  the  business  is  that 
mv  lookiue-glass  seems  to  have  fiillen  into  the  same  mistake,  reflect- 
ing  gray  whiskers,  and  a  wrinkled  forehead,  and  hair  growing  thm  <  u 
the  top  and  on  the  crown  of  the  head.  This  is  carrying  the  joke 
rather  too  for,  seeing  there  is  no  one  by,  but  myself,  to  enjoy  it;  and 
it  is  not  so  cooked  to  my  taste  as  to  give  me  any  sort  of  enjoyment. 
All  I  shall  say  is,  that  if  old  age  really  has  come  upon  me,  I  have  lost 
a  great  deal  of  time  in  bashfulness  and  ceremony,  and  saving  appear- 
ances, that  might  have  been  better  employed.  If  this  is  the  whole 
of  life,  we  have  no  time  to  stand  shilly-shally  on  any  occasion ;  and 

instead  of  timidly  touching  D 's  finger  behind  the  chair  ("  s'cat," 

says  she !),  our  business  is  to  take  her  boldly  by  the  chin,  at  once, 
and  huss  her — "'till  the  ceiling  echoes  back  the  lusty  smack."  It 
is  our  business  to  make  the  most  of  our  time,  and  to  coin  not  merely 
our  days  and  hours,  but  even  our  minutes,  too,  into  happiness  or  glory. 
No  standing  back  and  blushing  and  stammering  at  the  bar,  for  the 


Cha?.  XI.]    APPOINTED  TO  DELIVER  THE  EULOGY. 


189 


first  four  or  five  years  of  our  practice.  No  trembling  and  turning 
pale  whenever  we  arc  called  upon  to  carve  a  turkey  or  compliment  a 
lady.  We  have  no  time  for  any  such  nonsense.  We  must  make 
haste  to  live  to  the  best  advantage — and  crowd  into  every  moment  all 
of  utility,  honour,  and  enjoyment  that  we  can.  This  is  the  only  true 
economy  for  such  an  evanescent  life.  I  fancy  3Ir.  Jefi'erson  made 
the  most  of  his.  Oh  my  dear  Pope  —  there  was  living  and  dying  for 
you  !  That  was  a  life  and  death  well  worth  coming  into  the  world 
for !  The  comparison  makes  me  melancholy.  What  the  deuce  have 
I  been  doing  ?  The  truth  is,  I  thought  there  was  no  occasion  for 
hurry ;  and  that  I  might  put  off  trj'ing  to  be  a  great  man,  till  youth 
and  its  honey-moon  were  over;  and  behold,  before  I  have  had  time 
to  say  "  Jack  Robinson,"  my  whiskers  have  turned  gray  !  But  never 
mind,  I  have  had  some  enjoyment,  too;  and  have  snatched  a  little 
bit  of  distinction,  eii  passant,  and  by  way  of  sport, — the  greatest 
distinction  I  have  gained,  having  been  gained  by  what  was  amusement 
to  me  at  the  time.  But  what  an  egotistical  letter  am  I  writing  to 
you !  However,  before  I  quit  myself,  you  may  have  some  curiosity 
to  learn  that  I  have  been  nominated  here  to  deliver  a  joint  eulogy  on 
Mr.  Jefferson  and  Mr.  Adams;  that  I  have  accepted  the  former  and 
declined  the  latter,  on  the  true  ground  of  having  never  seen  Mr. 
Adams,  and  being,  therefore,  unable  to  do  him  the  justice  which  I 
could  do  to  Mr.  Jefferson  —  in  consequence  of  which  our  citizens  are 
going  to  write  on  and  invite  Mr.  Everett  of  Boston  to  take  the 
Adams  part  of  the  subject. 

Can't  you  go  to  the  Sulphur  Springs  ?  (which  is  a  different  afiair 
from  ''will  you  come  to  the  bower,"  &c.)  Do  try  —  you  would  have 
great  enjoyment.  —  That,  indeed,  you  can  have  anywhere  —  but  you 
would  be  on  a  new  theatre,  with  new  actors,  at  the  Springs — and  you 
will  meet  with  some  characters  there,  I  promise  you. 

How  is  dear ;  give  my  love  to  her  —  and  also  to  our  trusty 

and  well-beloved  Morris  when  you  see  him. 

Farewell,  dear  brother  Billy — till  we  meet — which  will  be,  I  hope, 
in  one  week. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

P.  S.  —  I  send  you  a  newspaper,  principally  because  I  know  your 
love  for  me  will  be  gratified  by  one  of  the  toasts. 


The  eulogy  was  delivered  according  to  the  appointment.  This  dis- 
course was  published  and  went  through  several  editions.  The  com- 
mittee who  procured  its  publication,  amongst  other  resolutions  of 
commendation,  passed  one  which  responded  very  gratefully  to  the 


190 


CHARACTER  OF  THIS  ORATION. 


[1826. 


feelings  of  the  orator,  if  we  may  judge  from  the  interest  with  which 
he  was  accustomed  to  regard  the  subject  to  which  this  resolution 
directs  us. 

"  Resolved,  That  the  oration  be  particularly  recommended  to  the 
youth  of  our  country,  as  containing  a  most  chaste  and  classic  model 
of  eloquence,  and  at  the  same  time  furnishing  the  noblest  examples 
of  pure  and  disinterested  patriotism,  and  of  an  expanded  philanthropy, 
embracing  in  its  beneficence  all  mankind." 

This  oration  has  been  rendered  by  the  occasion  which  produced  it, 
too  familiar  to  the  public  to  make  it  necessary  for  me  to  say  much 
about  it.  It  has  been  variously  criticised  —  with  friendly  and  unfa- 
vourable comment.  Objection  has  been  made  to  its  ambitious  and 
over-ornamented  diction  —  a  common  topic  of  censure,  with  many 
critics,  against  Mr.  Wirt's  style.  It  has  been  charged  with  a  defect 
of  simplicity  and  strength,  and  as  too  indiscriminate  in  its  praise  of 
the  great  personages  who  supplied  the  theme  of  the  discourse. 

In  the  discharge  of  such  a  duty  as  was  assigned  to  the  orator,  and 
at  such  a  time,  it  is  scarcely  just  to  measure  his  performance  by  the 
rule  of  a  severe  judgment.  In  the  overflow  of  feeling,  at  such  a  mo- 
ment of  national  excitement,  much  may  be  pardoned  to  the  orator 
who  indulges  the  expression  of  ardent  emotions  in  language  more 
glowing  than  he  would  choose  to  employ  in  a  cooler  moment.  Still 
greater  allowance  is  to  be  made  for  the  difficult  achievement  of  ex- 
hibiting distinguished  public  men,  —  whose  lives  have  been  identified 
with  the  history  of  the  parties  they  controlled,  —  under  such  a  guise 
as  shall,  if  not  wholly  conceal  their  distinctive  party  features,  yet,  at 
least,  display  them  so  faintly  drawn  or  so  artfully  coloured  as  to  offend 
no  rooted  opinion  of  the  present  nor  lingering  prejudice  of  the  past. 
Mr.  Wirt,  all  vrili  admit,  very  dexterously  shaped  his  way  through 
these  impediments,  and  accomplished  his  object  better  than  might 
have  been  expected.  The  discourse  has  many  fine  passages  of  thought 
and  expression,  inculcates  a  sound  and  wise  philosophy,  and  is  redolent 
with  love  of  country.  It  is  especially  to  be  remarked  for  the  amiable 
and  pleasant  pictures  it  presents  of  the  two  great  fathers  of  the  Re- 
public, in  those  relations  which  the  antagonism  of  political  opinions 
could  not  affect.  They  live  in  the  discourse,  chiefly,  as  patriots,  phi- 
losophers, patriarchs.     The  partisans  of  either  may  study  these  pic- 


Ghap.  XI] 


LETTER  TO  MR.  EDWARDS. 


191 


tures  with  profit,  and  may  find  space  on  the  neutral  ground  which  the 
orator  has  exhibited  to  them,  to  build  an  altar  where  every  lover  of 
his  country  may  resort  to  kindle  new  flames  of  kindness  and  good- 
will, to  sacrifice  the  intolerance  of  party  spirit,  and  to  learn  a  lesson 
of  mutual  forbearance  and  wholesome  self-distrust. 

We  notice  in  this  discourse,  a  passing  reference  to  the  old  topic  of 
correspondence  with  ]Mr.  Adams,  which  we  have  heretofore  referred 
to  as  occasioned  by  the  publication  of  the  Life  of  Patrick  Henry. 
Mr.  Wirt  endeavours  to  do  full  justice,  as  far  as  the  occasion  allowed 
him,  to  the  character  and  claims  of  Otis  as  one  of  the  early  cham- 
pions of  the  Kevolution.  When  speaking  of  the  first  impulses  which 
moved  Adams  and  Jeficrson  to  the  contest,  he  remarks  —  "  Whether 
Otis  or  Henry  first  breathed  into  this  nation  the  breath  of  life  (a 
question  merely  for  curious  and  friendly  speculation)  it  is  very  certain 
that  they  breathed  into  their  two  young  hearers,  that  breath  which 
has  made  them  both  immortal." 

This  passage  seems  to  have  been  prompted  by  the  suggestions  of 
the  correspondence  referred  to,  and  expresses  what  I  have  heretofore 
attempted  to  show,  was,  in  truth,  the  only  value  of  the  point  in  con- 
troversy. 

Taking  leave  of  this  subject,  I  resume  the  train  of  my  biography 
as  it  is  found  in  the  letters. 

A  grave  letter  now  of  condolence,  written  to  an  old  friend,  whom 
the  writer  remembered  stUl  with  the  most  reverential  afiection  : 


TO   BENJAMIN   EDWARDS. 

Annapolis,  October  22,  1826. 

Mr  EVER  DEAR  FrIEND  AND  Be.NEFACTOR  : 

Ninian  has  been  so  kindly  thoughtful  as  to  send  me  Cyrus's  letter 
of  the  22d  July  last,  from  Elkton  (Illinois),  announcing  the  sad  be- 
reavement you  have  encountered.  The  letter  found  me,  about  ten 
days  ago,  at  Washington,  whither  I  had  returned  from  a  long  excur- 
sion to  the  South-western  Springs  of  Virginia,  for  the  benefit  of  my 
own  health  and  that  of  one  of  my  daughters ;  and  it  came  to  me  at  a 
time  when  I  was  most  intensely  engaged  in  preparing  to  meet  a  public 
engagement  arising  from  the  deaths  of  Mr.  Jefferson  and  Mr.  x\dams. 
The  shock  which  it  gave  me  disarmed  me  for  the  day,  and  I  would 
have  poured  out  my  heart  to  you  at  once,  if  my  grief  could  have  had 
any  other  effect  than  to  increase  your  own.    I  reached  this  place  about 


192 


CONDOLENCE. 


[1826. 


an  hour  ago,  and  althongli  I  have  a  cause  now  under  argument  in  the 
Court  of  Appeals  at  this  place,  -which  demands  my  immediate  atten- 
tion, I  cannot  sit  down  to  business  until  I  have  lightened  my  breast 
by  giving  you  this  evidence  of  my  sympathy.     Poor  dear  Mrs.  Ed- 
wards !  —  it  is  now  thirty-eight  years  since  I  first  saw  her  at  Mount 
Pleasant, — I  was,  then,  in  my  sixteenth  year,  a  volatile  and  thought- 
less boy,  looking  on  the  world  and  life  before  me,  with  all  those 
brightening  hopes  and  expectations  of  youth  that  painted  it  as  a  fairy 
scene  whose  pleasures  would  never  end. — I  am  now  old  and  gray,  the 
illusion  is  long  since  over,  and  I  have  been  taught,  by  mournful  ex- 
perience, to  know  the  world  as  it  is, — a  poor  and  miserable  stage-play, 
in  which  there  is  nothing  of  any  value  but  those  pure  attachments 
which  bind  us  to  one  another  and  those  which  bind  us  to  our  Grod  and 
Saviour.     If  this  life  were  all,  — the  former,  sweet  and  endearing  as 
they  are,  would  be  but  poor  things :  they  are  "flowers  of  the  forest" 
withered  and  gone  very  often  before  we  have  had  time  to  know  their 
value.     I  lost  a  dear  boy,  in  his  19th  year.     Two  years,  this  fall,  he 
died  far  away  from  me,  in  France,  where  he  had  gone  for  his  health. 
He  was  the  pride  and  hope  of  my  heart  and  fiimily,  and  an  object  of 
admiration  and  love  to  all  who  knew  him.     My  dear  friend,  —  I  can- 
not think  of  him,  and  never  shall  I  be  able  to  think  of  him,  without 
tears.    He  was  the  third  of  my  children  I  had  lost ; — the  two  former 
in  the  tender  and  attaching  age  of  infancy.    But  Kobert  was  growing 
to  be  a  man,  and  had  displayed  such  a  noble  soul  and  mind,  that  I 
have  said  to  myself  a  hundred  times,  if  my  dear  old  friend  Mr.  Ed- 
wards could  but  know  this  boy,  what  an  augury  would  he  not  make 
for  him,  who  made  so  bright  a  one,  on  the  inferior  evidence  presented 
by  his  father  in  the  days  of  Ms  youth !     Dear  Mrs.  Edwards  too  — 
how  kind  she  always  was  to  me  ! — how  respectful  and  tender  to  a  poor 
orphan  boy,  of  obscure  parentage,  who  had  no  other  claims  to  her 
respect  and  tenderness  than  those  which  her  own   native  kindness 
suggested  !    How  well  do  I  remember  her  looks,  her  voice,  her  move- 
ments, her  manners  —  the  natural  dignity,  and  excellent  understand- 
ing, and  unafiected  warmth  and  tenderness  of  feeling,  that  reigned  in 
her  character  and  conduct,  —  the  pleasure  and  just  pride  with  which 
she  listened  to  your  conversation,  my  dear  friend,  and  enjoyed  the 
admiration  of  the  circle  around  you,  of  which  I  was  one,  and  not  less 
proud  of  you,  myself,  than  if  you  had  been  my  own  father !     The 
family  sitting-room  at  Mount  Pleasant,  the  large  and  cheerful  fireside, 
the  lighted  candles,  the  elocpient,  varied  and  charming  conversation, 
the  fine  healthy  circle  of  children,  the  laugh,  the  jest,  —  Kelly,  — 
myself,  —  how  forcibly  the  whole  scene  stands  revealed  to  me  at  this 
moment !     And  yet  it  is  near  forty  years  ago.     Where  are  they  all  ? 
through  what  scenes  have  I,  myself,  since  passed?     And  all  our 
neighbours,  the  Lanes,  the  Gassaways,  the  Catletts,  —  only  think  of 
the  desolation  that  has  mowed  them  all  down !     Wm.  Smith  and  his 


Chap.  XI.] 


REFLECTIONS  ON  LIFE. 


193 


family,  old  IMr.  Turner  and  his,  and  old  ]\Ir.  Ormc  and  bis,  and  tlio 
Pcrrys,  —  all  gone  I  IliLve  you  not  been  rather  favoured,  my  dear 
friend,  to  have  been  so  long  blessed  with  the  society  of  your  most  ex- 
cellent and  beloved  companion  ?  Come  whenever  it  might,  the  blow 
must,  indeed,  have  been  most  deeply  felt.  But,  considering  the  fate 
of  your  old  neighbours,  and  the  certainty  of  that  fate  to  all,  has  not 
Heaven  been  kind  and  merciful  in  suspending  it  so  long?  You 
enjoyed  her  society  for  near  fifty-four  years.  The  poor  orphan  boy 
you  protected  experienced  the  same  bereavement  before  he  was  thirty 
years  of  age.  And  although  your  having  lived  so  long  together  must 
have  drawn  the  cords  the  closer  and  made  it  more  agonizing  to  sever 
them,  yet  the  separation  must  at  last  have  come.  Has  it  not  been 
merciful  in  Heaven  to  have  made  it  for  so  short  a  time  as  in  the  ordi- 
nary course  of  nature  it  must  now  be  ?  —  for,  according  to  the  lot  of 
humanity,  it  cannot  be  long  before  you  will  be  reunited,  to  part  no 
Both  believers  in  Christ,  and  as  futhful  followers  of  his  as 


more. 


you  could  bej  to  what  a  speedy  re-union  may  you  not  look  in  that 
jvorld  of  bliss  where  you  will  know  sorrow  no  more.  Strange,  when 
we  reflect  upon  it,  that  we  should  mourn  such  a  separation  at  all ! 
But  our  natural  earthly  affections  cannot  be  extinguished  either  by 
reason  or  even  faith ;  and  that  Being  who  knows  our  infirmities  will 
not  fail  to  look  upon  them  with  mercy  and  pardon.  Mrs.  Edwards' 
confidence  in  her  interest  in  the  Saviour,  can  leave  no  doubt  of  the 
happy  change  she  has  experienced,  and  it  does  not  become  us  to  mourn 
as  those  who  have  no  hope. 

***** 
I  dare  say,  you  have  long  since  marked  me  down  as  having  lost  the 
heart  of  friendship  I  have  always  professed  for  you.  Indeed,  my  oc- 
cupations, I  know,  have  subjected  me  fairly  to  this  suspicion.  But 
vou,  who  know  me  as  well  as  I  know  myself,  will  believe  me  when  I 
assure  you  that  I  never  think  of  you  without  the  deepest  feelings  of 
reverence  and  gratitude ;  and  though  I  have  not  been  able  to  write  as 
often  as  formerly,  I  have  never  ceased  to  regard  you  with  the  love  and 
veneration  of  an  affectionate  child.  I  can  now  only  pray  to  Heaven 
to  strengthen  and  support  you,  and  to  spare  you  for  the  sake  of  your 
dear  family  yet  a  few  years  longer ;  feeling,  on  my  own  part,  the  most 
perfect  assurance  that  death,  come  when  it  will,  will  open  to  you  the 
gates  of  life  and  restore  you  to  your  partner  in  the  bosom  of  your 
Saviour.  May  I  not  have  a  place  in  your  prayers  ?  And  will  you 
not  do  me  the  justice  to  regard  me  as  among  the  most  affectionate  of 
your  children  ? 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  presents  us  a  view  of  the  difliculties  which  the  Attorney- 
General  encountered  in  the  preparation  of  the  eulogy,  and  some  little 
restiveness  under  the  criticism  which  it  provoked. 

Vol.  II. --17  n 


194 


LETTER  TO  JUDGE  CABELL. 


11826 


TO  JUDGE   WM.   H.   CABELL. 


My  DEAR  Cabell  : 


Washington,  December  5,  1826. 


I  bud  only  time  this  morning  to  thank  you,  on  the  back  of  a  letter 
I  was  despatching  to  the  post-office,  for  yours  of  Sunday,  which  had 
just  come  to  hand.  The  fact  is,  you  are  a  good  friend,  and  have  a 
better  head  upon  your  shoulders  than  nine  thousand  nine  hundred, 
ninety-nine  and  four-quarters  of  the  bipeds  in  human  form  that  crawl 
upon  this  globe  and  are  called  great — and  I  only  wish  you  knew  the 
foct  as  well  as  I  do.  You  praise  like  a  man  of  sense ;  and,  I  believe, 
are  as  right  in  your  censure  of  some  of  the  figures  as  you  are  in  your 
judgment  upon  the  remainder  of  the  characters.  This  may  seem 
excessively  vain  in  me,  as  we  are  speaking  of  a  performance  of  my 
ovm ;  but  I  am  not  talking  or  thinking  of  what  you  call  beauties, — I 
am  thinking  of  the  common  sense  of  the  subject.  Some  of  the  brain- 
less admirers  of  Mr.  Jefltrson  did,  I  am  sure,  expect  me  to  have  made 
a  fool  of  myself,  as  you  justly  call  it;  and  the  political  haters  of  Mr. 
Adams  expected  me  to  have  made  just  as  much  a  fool  of  myself  on 
his  subject. 

******* 

The  truth  is,  the  whole  affair  was  a  ticklish  experiment;  and  I 
consider  myself  very  lucky  in  getting  over  without  falling  in  —  not 
being  much  of  a  tight-rope  dancer,  nor  a  spear-walker,  especially  over 
"  a  torrent  roaring  loud."  I  am  perfectly  satisfied  with  the  judgment 
you  and  Carr  and  Taylor  have  pronounced  upon  the  discourse ;  and 
would  not  exchange  your  suffrage  for  that  of  all  Virginia  together. 
I  suppose  you  saw  Taylor's  letter.  He  is  an  excellent  man ;  and 
being  a  little  fastidious  in  the  matter  of  composition,  I  consider  it 
quite  an  achievement  to  have  pleased  him ;  especially  on  the  points 
he  selects  for  approbation,  —  the  American  spirit,  principles,  &c. 
With  regard  to  the  beauties,  we  will  let  them  pass.  Beauties  are 
the  offspring  of  a  mind  at  ease,  and  happy  with  its  subject;  not  of 
such  caution  and  anxiety  as  I  laboured  under,  expecting  an  Indian 
ambuscade  at  every  step.  I  do  not  know  whether  it  struck  you,  but 
I  fancy  that  if  the  essay  had  been  the  work  of  a  stranger,  I  coidd 
have  seen,  what  is  now  manifest  to  me,  that  the  author  felt  himself 
walking  blindfold  among  red-hot  ploughshares.  That  is  no  frame  of 
mind  for  the  beauties  of  composition,  which  spring  only  on  the  sunny 
side  of  the  wall,  in  a  secure  shelter.  The  truth  is,  I  felt  generally  so 
chilled  by  my  apprehensions,  that  I  feared  the  whole  would  be  a 
frigid  affair,  and  put  force  upon  myself  to  raise  flowers  now  and  then 
— which,  1  dare  say,  betray  their  artificial  character,  and  have  little 
of  the  bloom  or  fragrance  of  natural  flowers.  Hence,  the  volcano — 
which  I  will  strike  out  in  any  future  edition.     It  is  too  late  for  the 


Chaf.  XL] 


REMARKS  ON  THE  EULOGY. 


19; 


third,  which  is  now  in  press.  Yet  the  thought  was  good.  The  arti- 
ficial volcano,  (do  you  remember  what  an  artificial  volcano  is ''.)  com- 
pared Vr'ith  ^tua,  is  not  a  bad  illustration  of  an  attempt  at  this  day, 
in  cold  blood,  to  fancy  what  a  man  situated  as  Adams  was,  did  say  in 
the  heat  of  the  moment,  with  the  gallows  and  glory  both  before  him. 
The  thought,  I  niaintaiu  it,  is  good.  It  is  only  in  the  words  that  the 
bombast  appears — "  the  petty  competitions  of  an  artificial  volcano,  to 
the  sublime  explosions  of  thundering  ^Etna."  And  yet,  in  the  words 
I  thought  of  the  sound  being  an  echo  to  the  sense.  Virgil's  passage, 
beginmug  "  Juxta  tonal  Miwdi  minis,' '  is  quite  as  sonorous,  if  not 
more  so.  T  am  not  prepai'ed  to  plead  guilty  to  the  charge  of  extrava- 
gance in  the  passage,  "  his  voice  running  with  brilliancy  and  effect 
through  the  whole  compass  of  colloquial  music."  You  are  not  so 
familiar  with  the  technicalities  of  music  as  I  am.  Brilliancy  and 
effect  belong  to  that  language ;  and  I  see  not  why  a  voice,  rich  in  all 
the  intonations  and  modulations  that  belong  to  animated  and  fasci- 
nating conversation,  may  not  be  said  to  run,  with  brilliancy  and 
effect,  through  the  whole  compass  of  colloquial  music.  The  figure  is 
perhaps  faulty  in  being  too  technical  —  but  I  think  a  musician  would 
scarcely  object  to  it.  What  does  Dabney  Carr  say  to  it  ?  If  he  con- 
demns it,  I  give  it  up.  I  wish  to  learn  and  to  treasure  all  objections, 
as  it  is  my  pm-pose  to  leave  corrected  copies  of  all  I  have  written. 

******* 
Well,  I  suppose  you  have  had  enough  of  the  eulogy  now,  and  I 
promise  you  that  I  shall  not  resume  the  subject  hereafter; — of  which 
I  dare  say  you  are  very  glad. 

******* 

Have  you  had  such  a  snow  as  we  have  had  ? — though  there  is  now 
not  much  of  it  left.  The  old  ones  say  we  are  to  have  a  hard  winter 
by  way  of  variorum.  By-the-bye,  we  have  been  talking  of  the  winters 
growing  milder  and  milder  for  some  years  back — but  a  very  old  lady 
in  Annapolis  remarked  the  other  day,  that  this  is  the  observation 
of  persons  who  have  seen  only  fifty  or  sixty  years : — but  she  remem- 
bers that  there  were  just  such  winters,  in  long  succession,  about  sixty 
or  seventy  years  ago ; — and  that  on  one  occasion  it  was  so  warm  that 
her  family  went  into  the  porch  at  Christmas  to  drink  their  tea — which 
is  a  singular  fact,  and  would  seem  to  indicate  that  the  seasons  have  a 
sort  of  pendulum  reciprocating  motion — though  the  pendulum  must 
be  a  pretty  long  one. 

Good  night : — it  is  ten  o'clock,  which  is  now  my  bed  hour — till  the 
Supreme  Court  comes  to  break  my  rest. 

Yours  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wiet. 


CHAPTER    XII. 

1827. 

TRIAL   OF  A  MANDAMUS   CASE   IN   BALTIMORE. — SPEECH   GREATLY 

ADMIRED. REV.    MR.    DUNCAN. WIRT     OBJECTS    TO    A   REPORT 

OF     HIS     SPEECH. — LETTER    TO    JUDGE    CABELL. MARRIAGE    OP 

HIS     ELDEST     DAUGHTER. SETTLEMENT     IN     FLORIDA. MR. 

MEREDITH. LETTER    TO     HIM. APPROACH    OF    THE   PRESIDEN- 
TIAL  ELECTION. — THINKS   OF   ESTABLISHING   HIMSELF   IN    NEW 

YORK.  —  LETTER   TO    HIS    DAUGHTER. DEATH   OF   GILMER. 

LETTER    TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

In  May  1827,  Mr.  Wirt  was  engaged  in  a  trial  in  Baltimore, 
which  attracted  great  attention,  and  in  which  he  made  one  of  his  most 
popular  and  felicitous  speeches.  A  breach  had  occurred  between  the 
members  of  a  Presbyterian  congregation  in  that  city — a  schism  upon 
some  doctrinal  question,  which  found  a  considerable  body  of  adherents 
and  advocates  on  either  side.  Mr.  John  Duncan  was  the  pastor, — a 
gentleman  of  distinguished  eloquence,  of  a  very  high  order  of  talents, 
— a  bold  and  earnest  preacher,  and  of  irreproachable  life  and  conver- 
sation. He  was,  therefore,  at  this  period,  as  he  is  still,  a  greatly 
esteemed  and  admired  minister,  with  many  followers  and  friends. 

Without  troubling  the  reader  by  an  attempt  to  make  him  acquainted 
with  the  merits  of  the  controversy,  it  is  sufficient  only  to  say  that  the 
chief  point  in  dispute  seemed  to  be, — to  whom  belonged  the  church 
property,  especially — who  was  entitled  to  the  possession  of  the  pulpit, 
after  this  unhappy  division  in  doctrine  ?  It  was  popularly  understood 
in  the  community  where  the  parties  lived, — and  I  speak  upon  no  other 
authority  than  this  common  opinion, — that  the  majority  of  the  con- 
gregation, with  their  pastor  at  the  head,  were,  in  fact,  the  dissenters 
from  the  ancient  doctrine  which  was  now  maintained  by  the  minority. 
The  church  had  been  built  and  the  property  purchased  by  the  contri- 
butions of  the  congregation,  of  which  contributions  the  majority  had 
supplied  the  greater  part.     The  dispute  was  sufficiently  irreconcilable 

(196) 


:;hap.  XII.]  THE  CHURCH  MANDAMUS  CASE.  197 

•o  find  its  way  into  the  courts  and  to  be  consigned  to  the  guardianship 
■>f  the  lawyers. 

The  period  of  trial  had  now  come  round.  The  most  eminent 
counsel  were  employed.  On  the  side  of  the  pastor  and  the  majority, 
was  Mr.  AVu-t.  On  the  other  side,  was  Mr.  Taney,  the  present  Chief 
Justice  of  the  United  States.  The  case  was  heard  upon  an  applica- 
tion by  the  minority,  for  a  mandamus  to  put  them  in  possession  of  the 
property.  The  trial  was  before  the  court.  The  court-room  was  filled 
to  overflowing  by  an  eager  and  excited  crowd — composed,  in  part,  of 
the  members  of  the  congregation ;  in  great  part,  also,  by  ladies  of  the 
highest  fashion  and  consideration  in  the  city,  attracted  thither  by  the 
general  interest  of  the  cause  and  by  the  fame  of  the  counsel.  Seats 
were  especially  provided  for  them.  It  was  the  first  time  that  the  court 
had  ever  been  honoured  by  such  a  fair  assembly.  The  interest,  there- 
fore, of  the  trial  was  greatly  increased.  The  weather  was  exceedingly 
hot,  and  the  court-room  much  worse  than  the  weather  out  of  doors. 
This  was  the  condition  of  things  on  the  last  day,  when  Wirt  was  to 
close  the  case  before  the  court.  The  previous  stages  of  the  trial  had 
provoked  less  interest,  and  were,  therefore,  without  this  extraordinary 
attendance  of  spectators. 

''  I  had  been  told  the  evening  before," — says  Mr.  Wirt,  in  a  letter 
to  his  wife,  of  the  10th  of  May, — "that  the  ladies  had  determined 
to  come  and  hear  me ;  but  I  had  discouraged  it,  sincerely  believing 
that  they  would  find  no  interest  in  the  discussion  to  requite  them  for 
the  pain  of  such  an  attendance, — but  they  wouldn't  take,  the  point. 
On  opening,  I  gave  them  warning  that  the  discussion  would  prove 
very  tiresome,  and  that  I  should  not  feel  the  least  mortified  at  their 
retiring  whenever  they  should  find  it  so. — This,  of  course,  was  to  the 
Judge, — no  mention  of  ladies, — but  the  intimation  was  indirectly  and 
very  intelligibly  given,  in  terms  as  delicate,  graceful  and  courteous  as 
I  could  find.  I  did  not  expect  them  to  stay  half  an  hour,  for  having 
sat  up  all  the  preceding  night,  to  make  myself  more  thoroughly 
master  of  the  cause,  I  had  a  head-ache,  and  was  almost  stupefied.  I 
had  no  idea  that  I  should  be  able  to  do  more  than  argue  the  cause 
drily  like  a  lawyer.  But,  somehow  or  other,  my  faculties  seemed  to 
recover  themselves  by  a  sudden  spring.  I  never  witnessed  an  audience 
more  interested. — I  spoke  three  hours,  when  the  exertion  and  the  op- 
17* 


198  HIS  SPEECH  GREATLY  ADMIRED.  [1827. 

pressive  heat  of  the  room  had  so  much  exhausted  me,  that  I  had  tc 

beg  the  Judge  for  an  intermission  of  a  few  minutes. It  was  now 

one  o'clock,  and  I  was  in  hopes  the  audience  would  disperse,  and 
leave  me  to  finish  my  argument  at  my  ease.  But  not  a  man  or 
woman  budged. 

^tf  ^f  ^fe  ^k  ^tf  ^^  tHz 

"  Meredith  begged  the  Judge  on  my  behalf,  for  an  adjournment 
till  the  afternoon.  The  court  was  accordingly  adjourned  till  half-past 
four.  I  made  sure  that  I  should  then  have  a  comparativelj'  thin  room 
and  no  ladies,  and  so  make  cool  work  of  the  sequel.  *  * 

When  we  re-assembled,  instead  of  a  cool,  empty  room,  I  was  scarcely 
able  to  get  to  the  doorj  and,  instead  of  no  ladies,  the  number  was 
doubled.  I  was  dismayed, — for  I  came  fatigued  and  worn  down,  and 
felt  certain  that  I  should  lose  all  the  laurels  of  the  morning.  But 
again,  to  my  surprise,  my  mind  recovered  a  fresh  spring.  I  spoke  an 
hour  and  a-half,  and  when  I  closed,  there  was  a  clapping  of  hands,  as 
loud  as  you  have  heard  in  the  theatre, — ladies  and  all,  even  one  of 
the  judges,  joiuing  in  it." 

This  is  his  own  account.  The  speech  is  well  remembered  in  Balti- 
more for  its  wit  as  well  as  its  eloquence.  Never  was  a  dry  legal 
subject  lightened  and  relieved,  whilst  it  was  most  fully  discussed,  by 
more  brilliant  flashes  of  the  finest  wit  and  humour,  or  adorned  with  a 
richer  eloquence.  The  public  conversation  was  full  of  it  for  weeks 
afterwards.  The  newspapers  attempted  to  preserve  some  of  the 
happiest  hits ;  but,  as  in  all  such  experiments,  only  half  preserved 
them — necessarily  giving  them  without  the  accompaniments  of  the 
context,  the  manner,  the  gesture,  and  the  reciprocal  sympathies  be- 
tween the  orator  and  his  audience,  which  could  alone  render  them 
fully  intelligible ; — in  the  absence  of  which  they  appear  flat.  The 
writer  of  this  Memoir  heard  the  speech,  felt  its  efi'ect  as  others  felt  it, 
and  saw,  without  surprise,  (being  himself  held  in  the  same  thraldom,) 
— what  he  would  not  have  believed  unseen, — how  marvellously  the 
orator  rapt  in  delighted  attention  that  large  crowd,  composed  of  both 
sexes,  and  many  to  whom  the  courts  were  altogether  unfamiliar,  whilst 
he  discussed,  for  the  greater  part  of  a  day,  a  question  abounding  in 
technical  law,  and  occasions  for  a  reviewof  numerous  judicial  precedents. 
He  concluded  with  a  passage  that  was  singularly  happy  in  its  applica- 


Chap.  XII.J 


APPLAUSE  IN  COURT. 


199 


tion  to  his  client,  and  wliicli,  taking  the  court  and  auditory  unawareSj 
broke  upon  them  with  a  mingled  grave  and  comic  effect, — grave  from 
its  connection  with  one  of  the  grandest  scenes  of  Macbeth,  and 
comic  from  its  unexpected  and  pointed  application  to  the  gentleman 
who  was  there  present,  and  upon  whose  shy  and  modest  countenance 
it  drew  all  eyes,  provoking  laughter  at  his  apparent  discomfiture. 
Mr.  Duncan,  as  I  have  said,  was  a  great  favourite,  and  the  public 
interest  in  the  trial  was,  in  large  part,  owing  to  the  concern  which 
was  felt  for  him.  The  advocate,  in  drawing  to  a  close,  spoke  of 
the  severity  and  unkindness  of  this  contention  to  displace  a  pastor 
so  much  respected  by  his  flock  and  so  useful  in  his  vocation ; — espa 
tiated  upon  the  stake  which  the  cause  of  religion  had  in  this  proceeding, 
upon  the  necessity  of  avoiding  the  scandal  such  divisions  were  likely 
to  bring  upon  this  cause, — upon  the  reflections  to  which  it  would  give 
rise,  and  the  gi-eat  duty  of  harmony  amongst  Christian  brethren ; — 
and,  whilst  all  seemed  to  respond  to  the  truth  of  what  he  said,  he 
turned  unexpectedly  towards  his  client,  who  was  sitting  near  him, 
and  with  most  graceful  elocution  added — 

"Besides,  this  Duncnn 
Hath  borne  bis  faculties  so  meek,  bath  been 
So  clear  in  bis  great  office,  that  his  virtues 
Will  plead  like  angels,  trumpet-tongued  again 
The  deep  damnation  of  bis  taking  off." 

This  conclusion  of  the  speech  was  greeted  with  the  clapping  of 
hands  mentioned  in  the  letter;  in  which  act  of  applause  the  large 
assemblage  seemed  to  find  a  sudden  and  a  pleasant  vent  for  the  feel- 
ings which  had  been  chained  up  in  mute  attention,  for  several  hours, 
and  which  now  broke  forth  in  general  congratulation  of  the  orator. 

The  cause  was  gained ;  and  Mr.  Duncan  is,  to  this  day,  in  posses- 
sion of  the  church,  illustrating  his  ministry  by  a  zeal  and  talent  which 
have  abated  nothing  of  their  original  strength. 

A  few  days  after  this  trial,  Mr.  Wirt  writes  again  to  the  same  con- 
fidential correspondent  who  was  the  repository  of  the  feelings  expressed 
in  the  last  letter : 

"  I  find  myself  gazed  at  wherever  I  go,  as  if  I  had  just  entered 
Baltimore,  for  the  first  time;  and  hear  passages  of  my  speech  con- 
stantly repeated.     They  are  getting  parts  of  it,  I  find,  into  the  ncws« 


200 


LETTER  TO  JUDGE  CABELL. 


[1S27 


papers ;  and  I  had  notice,  to  day,  from  one  of  the  printers,  that  &, 
stenographer  had  been  employed  on  the  occasion,  and  Avas  trying  to 
draw  out  the  whole  speech.         *         *  *  *         I  am  afraid 

he  will  make  poor  work  of  it,  and  had  much  rather  that  he  should  let 
it  alone  altogether.  Indeed,  it  is  more  than  probable  that  many 
things  which  went  off  brilliantly  in  the  delivery,  from  time,  place  and 
manner,  will  lose  their  effect  on  paper.  There  is  another  thing  that 
makes  me  averse  to  the  publication.  The  opponents  of  Mr.  Duncan 
are  mortified  at  some  little  pleasantries  which  I  hit  off  upon  them  in 
the  course  of  my  speech;  and  if  these  trifles  are  made  to  assume  a 
durable  form,  I  fear  they  will  never  forgive  me.  These  produced 
explosions  of  laughter,  and  I  do  not  wish  to  see  the  laugh  perpetuated 
by  the  press.  *  *  j  really  had  no  serious  intention  to 

'  bite  much.'  On  the  contrary,  meant  only  to  be  a  little  plaj-ful,  and 
relieve  the  tedium  of  a  law  discussion  by  an  occasional  pleasantry. 
But  Meredith  told  me,  on  a  former  occasion,  that  my  playing  in  dis- 
cussion, was  pretty  much  like  an  elephant  amusing  himself  by  gi^"ing 
a  man  a  cant  with  his  proboscis  to  the  clouds,  in  order  to  see  how  he 
would  come  down.  Now,  this  never  entered  my  imagination ;  and  I 
could  not,  and  cannot  conceive  how  a  thing  manifestly  said  in  laugh- 
ing good-nature,  can  give  offence.  I  shall  certainly  try  to  stop  the 
publication." 


* 


* 


The  following  refers  to  the  same  subject ; 


TO   JUDGE    WM.   H.   CABELL. 

Washington,  June  2,  1827. 
My  dear  Cabell  : 

What  puts  it  into  your  head  that  I  am  working  for  fame  only  ? 
You  are  very  much  mistaken.  I  have  the  corn  to  show  as  well  as  the 
tally.  It  is  true,  the  corn  does  not  travel  to  Ilichmond ;  and  why  ? 
Because  it  travels,  or  has  travelled,  or  will  travel,  or  might,  could, 
would,  or  should  travel  to  Florida.  "Prepare  for  i\xQ  future,  and  let 
the  present  take  care  of  itself:" — has  not  this  as  good  a  right  to  be  a 
maxim  as  the  converse  ?  I  have  seen  the  automaton  chess-plaj-er,  and 
have  learned  to  look  ahead,  taking  care  to  guard  against  a  check-mate 
at  present  and  at  every  progressive  step  also — or  as  he  very  quaintly 
and  laconically  calls  it  "  e-echeque." 

With  regard  to  the  facsimile  of  the  Baltimore  speech,  I  beg  to  b^ 
excused ;  a  good  thing  may  be  too  often  repeated.  Besides,  the  good- 
ness of  a  thing  depends  so  often  on  time,  place  and  circumstance,  and, 
with  regard  to  my  good  things,  so  essentially  on  their  novelty,  that  I 
am  quite  content  with  the  past  success,  and  have  no  disposition  to 
submit  to  another  scrutiny.     You  would  be  very  apt  to  say  of  my 


Chap.  XII.]      THE  SPEECH  IN  THE  CHURCH  CASE.  201 

eloquence  as  you  used  to  say  of  my  jokes,  about  half  an  Lour  after 
everybody  else  was  done  laughing,—"  Well,  that  inaij  be  a  good  thing, 
but  I  confess  I  can't  see  it."  And  to  tell  you  the  truth,  I  was  pretty 
much  of  the  same  opinion  with  regard  to  some  of  my  good  things  ia 
Baltimore.  But  the  people  were  so  determined  to  be  pleased,  that 
the  most  foolish  thing  I  could  say  went  off  with  eclat.  Give  mc  such 
an  audience  as  that !  where  a  man  can  gather  laurels  without  any 
expense  of  brains.  Plague  on  a  Roman  senate,  or  Athenian  areopa- 
gus,  or  a  Virginia  Court'of  Appeals,  where  a  man  is  obliged  to  talk 
sense  or  be  thought  a  blockhead  !  Besides,  talking  sense  is  such  an 
every-day  business.  Everybody  talks  sense  now-a-days.  But  how 
many  are  there  who  can  talk  successful  folly  and  gain  the  reputation 
of  wisdom  by  it  ?  That  is  a  species  of  mental  legerdemain  which  puts 
a  man  on  a  level  with  the  far-famed  Maelzel,  the  exhibitor  of  the 
Androides,  compared  with  whom  the  Chief-Justice  himself  is  but  an 
every-day  sort  of  a  man. 

There  was  a  stenographer  who  took  down  the  speech,  but  I  have 
laid  my  veto  on  the  publication,  and  I  trust  it  will  be  respected ;  for 
I  have  long  since  learned  to  know  that  reading  is  a  very  different  thing 
from  hearing.  If  they  will  publish,  I  have  this  consolation,  that, 
however  identical  the  speech  may  be,  the  people  who  heard  it  will 
swear  it  is  not  the  same.  They  will  be  obliged  to  do  this  in  theii- 
own  defence,  or  be  considered  blockheads  themselves  for  being  so 
taken  in,  "to  approve  such  stuff!"  But  for  all  this,  it  was  a  tole- 
rably good  speech  —  for  a  hot  day  —  and  would  have  passed  very  well 

even  at Fluvanna  court-house,  alias  "  The  State."     And  now 

I  think  we  have  had  enough  of  the  speech. 

*  ^«-  *  *  * 

Yours,  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Mr.  Wirt's  eldest  daughter,  Laura,  had  recently  been  married  to 
Mr.  Thomas  Randall,  at  that  time  a  resident  of  Washington,  the  son 
of  a  most  worthy  and  reputable  gentleman  of  Maryland,  long  known, 
in  that  State,  as  the  Collector  of  the  port  of  Annapolis,  and  the  head 
of  a  large  family  greatly  esteemed  by  the  society  in  which  they  lived. 
The  allusion  to  Florida  in  the  last  letter,  refers  to  an  adventure  in 
which  the  Attorney-General  had  engaged,  not  long  before  this  date, 
in  the  purchase  of  some  large  tracts  of  land  in  the  neighbourhood  of 
Tallahassee,  and  which  it  was  now  his  purpose  to  apportion  amongst 
his  children.  Mr.  Randall  had  just  been  appointed  to  the  post  of  a 
District  Judge  in  the  Territory,  and  was  soon  to.  set  forth  with  his 


202  MARRIAGE  OF  HIS  DAUGHTER.  [1827, 

bride  on  a  journey  to  the  new  country,  with  a  design  to  establish 
himself  on  a  tract  of  this  land  assigned  to  them  by  his  father-in-law. 
This  adventure  upon  so  remote  a  settlement,  included  others  besides 
the  young  persons  whom  we  have  just  noticed.  The  two  brothers 
of  Mrs.  Wirt,  Messrs.  Robert  and  John  Gamble,  who  were  perhaps 
the  chief  promoters  of  the  scheme,  had  united  in  this  emigration,  and 
made  arrangements,  also,  to  seat  their  families  in  the  same  region. 
In  the  association  of  these  several  households,  forming  a  little  circle 
of  persons  allied  to  each  other,  not  only  by  ties  of  blood  and  family 
connection,  but,  even  more  strongly,  by  kindred  tastes,  intelligence 
and  cultivation,  the  privations  and  inconveniences  of  such  an  enter- 
prise were  greatly  mitigated,  and  the  effort  rendered  more  certain  of 
success.  Its  success,  indeed,  was  rapid  and  satisfactory.  Judge 
Eandall,  a  gentleman  of  great  probity  and  accomplishment  in  his 
professional  position,  and  not  less  distinguished  in  the  highest  rank 
of  social  life  for  his  virtues  and  his  talents,  still  resides  in  this  region 
—  now  elevated  to  a  state  in  the  Union.  A  family  has  grown  up 
around  him,  and  the  worthy  companions  of  his  first  labours,  Colonel 
Kobert  Gamble  and  his  brother,  yet  contribute  to  endear  to  him  a 
home  in  which  they  together  enjoy  all  that  good  fortune  which 
deservedly  belongs  to,  and  generally  attends  exalted  personal  worth 
and  an  intelligent  pursuit  of  the  better  objects  of  life. 

It  was  not  long  after  this  letter  to  Judge  Cabell  before  the  new- 
married  couple  set  out  upon  their  journey.  A  long  and  active  corre- 
spondence between  the  flither  and  the  young  emigrants,  bears  ample 
testimony  to  the  great  solicitude  with  which  he  looked  upon  this  ad- 
venture, his  pleasure  in  its  successful  development,  and,  above  all,  the 
warm  attachment  and  trust  which  his  son-in-law  had  already  kindled 
in  his  bosom.  "VVe  shall  see  in  the  letters  of  future  date  many  refer- 
ences to  this  settlement,  as  well  as  the  most  abundant  proofs  how 
many  affections  of  his  heart  were  garnered  in  this  new  home  of  his 
children. 

We  have  a  letter  written  to  his  daughter,  whilst  she  was  yet  on  her 
outward  journey,  which  commemorates  that  fii'st  departure  which  is 
always  so  notable  an  event  in  family  history,  and  often  so  significant 
of  the  fate  of  children  in  after-life. 


Chap.  XII.] 


LETTER  TO  HER. 


20S 


TO    MRS.    LAURA    RANDALL. 


My  DEAR  Laura  : 


Washington,  September  9,  1827. 


I  write  in  the  faint  hope  that  this  letter  may  be  taken  up  by  you 
in  Milledgeville,  as  you  go  along ;  though  I  am  aware  of  the  chances 
against  it.  It  may  not  reach  there  in  time,  or  you  may  forget  to  ask 
for  letters.  Your  sister  E.  addressed  a  letter  to  you  at  Henry  Car- 
rington's,  which,  I  am  pretty  sure,  must  have  got  there  too  late ;  and 
you  will,  therefore,  probably  not  see  it  till  j^ou  get  to  Tallahassee, — 
which  will,  in  all  likelihood,  be  the  fate  of  this.  But  never  mind : 
*'  here  goes" — as  they  say  in  Dunkirk. 

It  would  only  afSict  you  to  depict  the  desolation  of  the  house  since 
you  left  us.  Your  mother  has  not  been  down  into  company  since, 
and  every  memorial  of  you  puts  her  again  into  tears.  My  grief  shows 
itself  by  keeping  me  continually  in  a  bad  humour — fretting  at  every- 
thing without  any  adequate  cause.  The  children  cannot  set  fairly  in 
upon  their  studies.  It  will  take  a  good  while  to  close  the  gap  which 
your  absence  has  caused,  and  to  cicatrize  the  wound.  We  miss  you 
at  every  turn  —  at  every  meal  —  every  morning,  every  noon,  every 
evening.  The  piano  misses  you  —  the  seat  looks  at  the  door,  as  if  it 
were  continually  expecting  you  to  enter,  but  it  is  continually  disap- 
pointed, and  turns  away  in  the  dumps.  In  the  meantime,  we  hope 
that  you  are  going  merrily  along — your  attention  continually  diverted 
by  new  objects  and  new  scenery.  We  heard  of  you  twice  after  getting 
your  short  note  from  Chatham.  Mr.  Southard,  on  his  return  from  the 
Springs,  was  near  meeting  you  at  Smock's,  four  miles  beyond  Fre- 
dericksburg. Smock  told  him  that  you  were  going  merrily  along  — 
that  he  made  one  blunder  which  lengthened  your  face  for  a  moment, 
but  that  you  soon  recovered  it ;  his  blunder  was  in  remarking  that 
you  had  a  long  journey  before  you — whereupon,  you  suited  the  action 
to  the  word  and  lengthened  your  face.  IMr.  Southard  was  prevented, 
solely  by  a  mistaken  direction  of  the  road,  from  meeting  you  at  Smock's, 
which  he  vei-y  much  regretted.  *         *         *         Dabney  has  got 

an  octave  flute,  and  bids  fair  to  be  a  capital  performer;  and  Henry 
has  got  his  drum  mended,  and  bids  fair,  also,  to  make  a  great  noise  in 
the  world,  as  Goldsmith  says.  *  *  Will  you  let  me  give 

you  a  hint?  You  are  going  to  a  newly-settled  country — do  you  wish 
to  make  your  husband  and  yourself  popular?  Dress  as  plainly  as 
possible,  and  conform,  as  closely  as  you  can,  to  the  maimers  of  the 
place.  Any  other  course,  especially  fine  dressing,  and  haul-Ion  man- 
ners, will  excite  only  envy,  criticism,  malignity,  quarrels  and  contempt. 
I  wish  you  may  believe  the  truth  of  this  remark,  and  thereby  save 
yourself  the  pain  of  a  practical  demonstration  of  its  truth ;  verlum 
sat  sapienti  —  and  to  persons  of  the  opposite  description  no  quantity 


204  LETTER  TO  MR.  MEREDITH.  [1827. 

of  words  will  be  of  any  avail  —  "  therefore,  there  needs  no  more  "he 
said  here." 

You  have  been  remembered  in  our  family  prayers,  this  morning, 
my  dear  child,  and  we  have  united  in  calling  down  upon  you  the  pro- 
tection and  choicest  blessings  of  heaven  —  which  may  God  of  His 
mercy  grant !     Heaven  bless  you. 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  "Wirt. 

Mr.  Jonathan  Meredith  of  Baltimore,  whose  name  has  already  ap- 
peared in  one  or  two  of  the  letters  reserved  for  this  Memoir,  was 
amongst  the  most  intimate  and  cherished  friends  of  the  Attorney-Ge- 
neral at  the  Maryland  bar,  and  was  frequently  associated  with  him  in 
the  trial  of  his  causes.  To  that  large  circle  of  society,  spread  over 
many  portions  of  the  United  States,  who  have  the  privilege  of  this 
gentleman's  acquaintance,  I  need  not  remark  how  congenial  his  tem- 
per and  character  were  with  those  of  the  Attorney-General,  and  I 
trust  he  will  not  think  that  I  am  invading  any  forbidden  sanctum  of 
private  life,  in  presenting  him  to  my  readers  in  his  relation  of  a  friend 
and  correspondent  of  Mr.  Wirt,  when  I  say  of  him,  what  those  who 
know  him  best  are  accustomed  often  to  say,  that  no  man  is  more  gifted 
with  the  qualities  to  render  social  life  amiable,  graceful  and  elegant 
than  himself,  nor  has  any  one  used  these  qualities  more  liberally  or 
appropriately  than  he  in  the  performance  of  that  duty.  A  larger 
collection  of  the  letters  of  Mr.  Wirt,  than  it  falls  in  with  my  plan  to 
publish  in  these  volumes,  would  furnish  many  evidences  of  the  plea- 
santry, wit  and  humour  which  he  drew  from  the  treasury  of  his  friend. 
They  would  supply  still  more  abundant  proofs  of  the  high  apprecia- 
tion which  each  made  of  the  other's  friendship. — This  by  way  of  in- 
troduction to  one  of  many  letters,  in  my  possession,  between  them. 

TO   JONATHAN    MEREDITH. 

Washington,  September  14,  1827. 
My  dear  Meredith  : 

Wlience  this  heaviness  that  han<;s  upon  you, 
This  lethargy  that  ciee]5s  thiougli  ail  your  senses? 
Wliy  does  your  blood  tlais  stagnate  in  your  veins, 
And  whence  tliis  torpor  tliat  invades  your  brains  1 
Wliy  does  your  jien  no  more  your  fingers  please? 
Why  does  [)aralysis  tliosc  fingers  freeze? 
Have  you  become  a  numb-fish  or  a  frog, 
Oyster  enamoured,  or  good  old  king  Log? 


Chap.  XII.] 


REPORT  OF  THE  CHURCH  CASE. 


203 


Or,  wliat  tte  d 1  is  the  matter  with  you,  that  neither  entreaty 

civility  nor  blows,  can  drub  or  draw  another  syllable  from  you  ? 

Will  you  have  the  kindness  to  answer  the  following  interroga 
tories  ? — to  wit — 

1.  At  what  time  in  October  does  the  Court  of  Appeals  meet? 

2.  Are  you  ready  to  argue  our  case  r* 

3.  Will  it  come  on  at  the  next  term,  and  will  you  argue  it? 

4.  At  what  part  of  the  term  will  it  be  likely  to  come  on  ? 

5.  Have  you  got  a  copy  of  the  record  ?  —  for  I  have. 

6.  Have  you  made  your  notes  in  the  case,  and  will  you  send  them 
down  to  me  ?     Yea  or  nay  ? 

7.  If  nay,  —  shall  we  have  any  chance  for  a  conference  before  the 
cause  comes  on  ? 

8.  Did  you  ever  see  such  hard  times?  —  Yet  money  seems  to  be 
plenty in  England. 

9.  Have  you  any  intelligence  of  the  likelihood  of  fees  this  fall,  for 
}■  ourself  or  me  ? 

10.  Can  you  lend  me  about  twenty  thousand  dollars?  —  I  name  a 
low  sum,  to  ensure  success — a  higher  will  be  equally  acceptable. 

11.  How  do  you  all  do  ? 

12.  Will  you  give  my  love  to  your  wife  and  children  ? 

13.  (The  good  old  continental  number.)  Will  you  write  to  me  ? 
Yea  or  nay  ? 

Yours  truly, 

W.  W. 

Postscript. — I  had  written,  and  was  just  about  to  seal  this  letter, 
when  yours  of  yesterday  arrived ;  for  which  I  thank  you.  It  answers 
several  of  my  cjuestions.  But  as  it  leaves  some  unanswered,  I  shall 
send  this  letter :  more  especially  as  I  cannot  afford  to  lose  so  much 

smartness.     I  am  glad  to  hear  of  the  decision  in 's  case.     Truly 

glad.  But  this  glory  would  have  been  brighter  and  more  impressive, 
if  it  had  come  immediately  on  the  back  of  the  argument.  *  * 
In  the  name  of  common  sense,  who  prepared  that  farrago  of  nonsense 
you  have  sent  me  as  an  argument  I*  *  *  I  find  it  perfectly 
unintelligible.  It  was  taken  down  by  some  person  who  understood 
neither  the  argument,  the  fancy,  nor  the  wit.  The  attempt  at  the 
argument  is  the  most  stupid,  unintelligible  nonsense.  The  out-of- 
the-way  things  seem  to  be  remembered  in  part,  but  they  are  so 
clumsily  introduced,  that  whatever  sprightliness  belonged  to  them  is 
murdered.  In  some  parts,  the  joke  is  marred  altogether,  and  you  can 
scarcely  guess  whereabouts  the  joke  was.  *  *  *  j;^.'  ^i^^^y 
print  this  as  my  argument,  I  shall  sue  them  for  a  libel.  I  would 
not  lie  under  the  immortal  obloquy  of  having  spoken  so  much  non- 


*  An  attempt  to  report  the  speech  in  the  Church  case. 

YoL.  II.— 18 


206         THINKS  OF  REMOVING  FROM  WASHINGTON.       [1827. 

sense  for  any  earthly  consideration.  I  have  no  disposition  to  be 

branded  for  a  fool,  either  by  malice  or  folly.  Pray,  prevent  its 
publication. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

A  new  presidential  canvass  was  now  about  to  commence.  Specu- 
lating on  the  result,  which  was  most  likely  to  be  adverse  to  his  wishes, 
and,  therefore,  to  render  his  retirement  from  office  entirely  certain, 
Mr.  Wirt  was  already  debating  in  his  mind  his  future  coui-se.  Indeed, 
irrespective  of  the  result  of  the  coming  election,  he  had  resolved  to 
withdraw  from  official  employment,  and  to  devote  himself  to  practice 
in  some  new  sphere.  We  shall  see  hereafter,  that  his  choice  was 
somewhat  perplexed  between  New  York  and  Baltimore.  In  the  per- 
spective he  had  a  vision  of  Florida,  which  was  a  favourite  location 
for  some  airy  castles,  which  he  had  not  yet  ceased  to  build.  There 
is  some  glimpse  of  this  perspective  view  in  the  following  letter : 

TO   MRS.    LAURA   H.   RANDALL. 

Washingto.n,  December  7,  1827. 

I  think  you  will  do  well, — and  I  am  so  much  delighted  with  every 
report  that  reaches  me  of  the  country,  that  I  count  sanguinely  myself 
on  settling  a  plantation  and  coming  out  to  live.  I  have  none  of  your 
horrors  of  a  country  life  in  a  new  country.  Florida  bids  foir  to  be  a 
perfect  Arcadia.  Such  a  climate  I — Such  a  soil !  Such  productions, 
and  such  society  as  you  will  have  in  a  few  j'ears !  Can  any  thing  be 
more  delightful ! 

How  dull  and  monotonous  Washington  is,  compared  with  the  new 
objects  that  are  continually  meeting  your  eye  ! — the  fine  forests,  the 
fine  lands,  the  balmy  genial  air,  the  tropical-tinted  birds,  the  alligators, 
the  barking  frogs,  and  all  the  other  elegancies  of  nature's  drawing- 
room.  You  must  not  despond,  my  dear  child.  Your  uncles  will  have 
arrived  before  this  letter,  and  all  your  despondency  will  be  over — for 

will  romp  you  out  of  it,  and  the  rest  of  them  will  laugh  you  out 

of  it.  So,  amongst  you  all,  with  the  noise  and  the  dust  you  will 
make,  I  have  no  doubt  the  frogs  and  alligators  will  feel  themselves 
foiled  at  their  own  weapons,  and  will  be  quite  chop-fallen  with  morti- 
fication : — though,  I  believe  it  is  by  the  falling  of  his  chop  —  the 
upper  one — that  the  alligator  inflicts  mortification  on  others.  Isn't 
that  "  the  loorsL  !  !  '■' 


Chap.  XII.] 


LETTER  TO  HIS  DAUGHTER. 


207 


Henry  would  be  glad  if  you  would  send  him  one  of  those  ponies — 
a  well-jraited  one — in  a  letter.  But  you  must  make  haste  about  it,  for 

"111"* 

they  tell  me  my  franking  privilege  will  soon  be  out,  by  the  ejection 
of  the  present  administration  from  office.  So  say  the  Hickory  boys ; — 
but  the  lads  of  Clay*  (instead  of  wax)  tell  a  ditferent  tale.  All  1  have 
to  say  about  it  is,  that — "  Refcrt  and  Interest  govern  the  genitive — 
as  refert  patris,  it  concerns  your  father — interest  republicce,  it  is  the 
interest  of  the  commonwealth."  What  ?  "  Ay,  there's  the  rub  !" — 
"and  so,  there  needs  no  more  be  said  here" — "for  I  verily  believe, 
Kate,  thou  wilt  not  tell  what  thou  dost  not  know."  "  That's  a  poor 
come  ofi",  father."  "  It  is  better  than  no  come  off,  quoth  Bridget" — 
or  words  to  that  effect.  "Now,  I  don't  understand  this."  Xor  I, 
neither.  So,  good  night,  for  the  clock  is  striking  eleven,  "  and  1  am 
tired : — quoth  Gilpin,  so  am  I." 

*  *  *  *  *  * 

I  go  to  Baltimore  in  the  morning,  and  shall  probably  not  return  till 
the  Supreme  Court  sits,  the  second  Monday  in  January.     So,  you 
will,  possibly,  not  hear  from  me  till  the  spring — so  very  busy  shall  I 
be,  as  busy  as  a  bee; — but  not,  "  where  the  bee  sucks." 
Heaven  bless  and  support  you, 

Your  affectionate  father, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

Judge  Carr  had  retained  his  position  in  Winchester,  as  Chancellor, 
until  the  year  1824,  when  he  was  transferred  to  the  Bench  of  the 
Court  of  Appeals  of  A^irginia,  and  in  consequence  removed  his  resi- 
dence to  Richmond,  where  he  continued  in  the  discharge  of  these 
high  judicial  functions  for  ten  years  after  the  period  to  which  we  have 
now  arrived.!  During  the  present  year,  Wirt's  friend  and  pupil,  so 
familiarly  known  to  my  reader  in  this  Memoir,  Francis  Walker  Gil- 
mer, finally  sunk  under  a  disease  which  had  long  impaired  his  consti- 
tution, and  which  now  bore  him  to  the  grave,  whilst  yet  upon  the 
threshold  of  ripe  manhood,  and  almost  in  view  of  the  fame  which  had 
been  the  coveted  object  of  a  life  of  studious  emulation.  His  ladt  lite- 
rary effort  is  one  of  the  topics  of  the  next  letter. 


*  General  Jackson  and   Mr.  Clay  were  already  designated  as  the  rival 
candidates  for  the  next  presidency. 

t  He  died  in  1837,  leaving  behind  him  the  fame  of  an  upright  and  learned 


Judge,  and  of  a  truly  good  man. 


208  LETTER  TO  CARR.  [1827. 


TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Baltimore,  December  30,  1827. 

Thank  you,  my  dear  friend,  for  your  Christmas  letter  !  I  heartily 
return  all  youi-  good  wishes  upon  your  own  head.  I  give  you  joy  of 
your  holiday.  So,  kick  up  your  heels,  and  go  "jM-aucing  and  menanc- 
ing"  about,  ad  libilum. 

As  to  me,  the  labouring  oar  has  been  in  my  hand,  ^'my  dear  fellow" 

—  as  B used  to  say  —  ever  since  the  fifth  of  October.     I  am  at 

this  present  moment  engaged  in  a  cause,  the  Bank  of  the  United 
States  vs.  Etting,  quite  as  arduous  as  that  we  had  at  Richmond,  of 
the  Bank  and  Dandridge's  sureties.  Tug  at  it  intensely  !  My  dear 
sir, — I  must — I  am  obliged.  I  have  been  trjdng  to  work  gently,  for 
some  time  past,  and  I  die  of  ennui  as  soon  as  I  unbend.  No,  I  must 
be  strained  up  to  concert  pitch,  or  there  is  no  more  music  in  me 
than  in  the  drone  of  a  bag-pipe.  But  I  am  not  going  to  kill  my- 
self, "for  a'  that:"  festlna  lente  —  ''that's  the  humour  of  it."  I 
am  satisfied  with  being  at  concert  jiitch.  Pinkney  wanted  to  be  an 
octave  above  it.  Harper  died  of  angina  pectoris  ;  Emmett  of  pre- 
mature old  age,  brought  on  him  by  his  troubles  in  L-eland.  My 
standing,  you  think,  "is  high  enough  to  satisfy  any  but  a  cormorant." 
Are  cormorants  remarkable  for  high  standing  ?  "  Will  you  muzzle 
the  ox,  and  turn  him  loose  to  whistle  to  the  wind,  and  bay  the  moon 
for  his  fees  V  If  you  would  not,  why  should  you  advise  me  to  a 
course  by  which  my  wife  and  children  would  starve  downright? 
They  cannot  live  upon  high  standing,  ^ly  dear  sir,  I  am  fighting 
pro  aris  ei  focis.  It  is  not  fame,  it  is  food  and  raiment ;  for  soon  the 
winter  of  age  will  come,  when  I  cannot  work  at  all,  and  what  is  then 
to  become  of  my  dear  wife  and  children  ?  It  is  autumn  with  me  now, 
and  soon  it  will  be  the  sere  and  yellow  leaf.  I  have  no  time  to  spare. 
Let  me  once  get  a  plantation  established  for  my  wife  and  children  in 
Florida,  and  then  you  shall  find  me  as  obsequious  as  a  lamb, — 

"  Pleased  to  the  last,  I  '11  crop  the  flowery  food. 
And  lick  the  hand'' — 

no  —  not  that,  either.  I  should  like  to  hear  that  same  conversation 
of  the  Chief  Justice.  However,  I  will  excuse  you  from  repeating  it, 
since  you  think  there  is  danger  of  its  making  me  a  vain  youth,  and 
come  to  the  conclusion  at  once  that  I  am  a  great  favom'ite  with  the 
Chief,  as  he  certainly  is  with  me,  whether  he  likes  me  or  not.  I  do 
not  believe  he  has  an  atom  of  gall  in  his  whole  composition  on  any 
other  subject  than  that  of  politics ;  or  that,  with  him, — as  with  many 
other  great  men  in  the  Union,  who  will  never  forget  the  fall  that  Mr. 
Jefferson  gave  them  —  h(fret  lateri  lethalis  arundo.  Politics  apart, 
there  is  not  a  better-naturcd  man  in  the  world  than  the  old  Chief — 
and  a  more  powerful  mind  was  scarcely  ever  sent  upon  this  earth. 


Chap.  XII.]  BUTLER'S  ANALOGY.  209 

He  ranks,  in  my  estimation,  with  ^lausfielcl  and  Thurlow  and  Ilard- 
wicke,  the  standards  of  judicial  excellence — the  classics  of  the  bench. 
I  concur  entirely  with  you  in  your  political  views,  as  well  as  in  your 
opinion  of  what  relates  to  myself,  on  the  hypothesis  of  a  change  in 
the  administration.  "Tremble  at  the  idea  of  going  to  Xew  York  I" 
"Why  tremble?  Men  are  but  men  everywhere,  and  I  have  in  my 
time  wrestled  with  as  strong  men  as  we  shall  ever  see  again,  without 
iiettiug  my  bones  broken.  None  of  your  fun  !  You  are  as  little  apt 
to  tremble,  as  any  man  living.  Don't  I  remember  you,  at  Louisa 
court-house,  turning  B.  S.  out  of  doors,  "  like  a  little  red  bull  upon 
a  sand-bank,"  as  poor  Billy  Davenport,  you  know,  said.  Judge 
Thompson,  of  New  Y'ork,  is  now  at  Barnum's  hotel,  and  I  am  going 
down  this  moment  to  discourse  him  on  this  subject;  so  I  will  knock 
off  'till  I  come  back. 

— Thompson  was  not  in  —  but  it  is  now  night,  and  he  has  been  to 
see  me,  accompanied  by  another  gentleman,  so  we  could  only  talk  in 
a  general  way.  He  says  six,  eight,  and  ten  thousand  dollars  is  con- 
sidered gi-eat  practice  in  New  Y'ork,  and  ten.  thousand  dollars  the 
maximum  ;  if  so,  it  is  not  worth  killing  a  man's  self  for.  However, 
I  will  know  more  about  it  from  D.  B.  Ogden,  whom  I  shall  see  at 
the  Supreme  Court,  before  I  decide.  It  will  take  a  powerful  induce- 
ment to  carry  me  beyond  the  hope  of  renewing  some  of  those  bright 
and  sunny  hours  with  you  of  which  you  speak.  "  Soon,  by  the  ordi- 
nary course  of  nature,  will  the  grave  separate  us  !"  How  soon  ?  By 
the  ordinary  course  of  nature,  if  threescore-and-ten  be  the  ordinary 
course,  we  have  yet  fifteen  years  to  live.  The  Chief  Justice  is  near 
twenty  years  ahead  of  us,  and  he  has  all  the  vigour  of  his  faculties 
about  him  yet. 

With  regard  to  Butler's  Analogy,  have  I  mentioned  it  to  you  only 
once  before ?  Why  that's  nothing  for  such  a  book  as  Butler,  and  no 
proof  of  old  age  at  all.  He  is  worth  being  mentioned  and  pressed 
upon  you  a  dozen  times.  "  Too  abstruse  and  metaphysical."  No,  I 
think  he  has  the  deepest  and  clearest  reach  of  almost  any  man  I  ever 
coped  withal.  There  is  something  really  sublime  to  me  in  the  com- 
prehensive sweep  of  some  of  his  views.  But  we  will  not  quarrel  ou 
this  or  any  other  subject. 

******* 

A  new  edition  of  poor  Frank  Gilmer's  Sketches  and  Es.says  will  be 
out  in  a  few  days,  and  I  have  been  pressed,  busy  as  I  am,  to  write  a 
preface,  which  I  have  done,  but  so  poorly  that  I  am  ashamed  of  it. 
Lucas,  however,  insists  that  it  will  have  some  efiect  in  the  sale  of  the 
book. 

The  mail  hour  has  arrived.     Love  to  all. 

Your  friend, 

WiM.  Wirt. 
18*  o 


CHAPTER   XIII. 

1828. 

FAMILIAR  LETTERS.  —  PRESIDENTIAL  ELECTION.  —  EXPECTED 
CHANGE  OF  ADMINISTRATION.  —  LETTER  OF  MR.  MONROE,  IN 
REFERENCE    TO    THE    POSITION    OF    THE    CABINET    OFFICERS. 

The  following  letters  require  no  comment. 


TO  WILLIAM   POPE. 


My  dear  Pope  ; 


WashingtoxV,  March  23,  1828. 


I  am  always  behind  you  in  our  correspondence,  both  in  quantity 
and  quality.  But  you  are  a  gentleman  of  leisure,  thank  Heaven ! 
and  I,  a  beast  of  burden.  I  thank  Heaven  too ;  both  that  I  have  a 
burden  to  carry,  and  that  I  am  able  to  bear  it.  Though  I  frequently 
find  myself  in  the  condition  of  Issachar, — "  Issachar  is  a  strong  ass, 
bowed  down  between  two  burdens:"  —  the  Supreme  Court  being  in 
one  j)annier,  and  the  President  and  Heads  of  Departments  in  the 
other.    But  my  health  is  good,  and  I  find  myself  generally  ready  "  to 

cut  and  come  again." So  much  for  good  animal  spirits,  a  clear 

conscience,  and  a  total  exemption  from  that  canker,  political  ambition  ! 

I  am  alternately  diverted  and  disgusted  with  the  scenes  which  are 
passing  around  me.  Such  working,  toiling,  and  sweating;  such 
mining  and  countermining;  such  lying,  abusing,  quarrelling,  and 
almost  fighting  for  a  little  short-lived  distinction  !  — 

"  Lord,  what  is  man,  poor,  foolish  man, 
Born  of  tlie  earth  at  first; 
His  life  a  shadow  light  and  vain. 
Still  hastening  to  the  dust." 

The  same  scenes  were  acting,  I  suppose,  in  Babylon  and  Ecbatana 
and  Memphis,  and  Thebes,  and  Athens,  two  thousand  years  ago. — 
Where  are  they  all  —  the  actors  and  the  scenes  ? 

A  man  is  bound  to  do  all  he  can  for  his  country.  But,  if  his  coun- 
trymen choose  all  to  become  Bedlamite,s,  I  see  no  good  that  can  be 
done  by  committing  himself  to  their  maniac  fury.  So  I  leave  these 
things  to  Him,  "who  holdcth  the  winds  in  his  fist," — "who  can  still 
the  raging  of  the  sea  and  the  roaring  wave  of  the  multitude,"  —  and 
am  content  to  paddle  my  canoe  along  the  smooth  sm-face  of  a  mill- 

(■■310) 


Chap.  XIII.] 


CRANIOLOGY. 


211 


pond,  well  satisfied  to  catcli  my  little  mess  of  fish,  and  to  cat  them  in 
peace,  surrounded  by  the  smiles  of  my  wife  and  children.     The  cra- 
niologists  say  that  the  intellectual  faculties  reside  in  the  front  of  the 
head,  the  passions  in  the  back  part,  but  that  a  full  development  of 
the  organs  of  passion  is  essential  to  make  a  bold,  daring,  strong,  en- 
terprising character.  They  measured  my  head  with  their  craniological 
instruments,  and  put  down  the  relative  proportions  in  their  books.   A 
young  gentleman,  the  other  day,  made  a  drawing  of  my  head  from 
this  admeasurement  and  gave  it  to  one  of  my  children.     The  organs 
in  front  were  well  developed, — those  in  the  rear  comparatively  feebly. 
I  have  no  great  faith  in  the  science, — but  it  answers,  in  my  cas^,  so 
far  as  the  passions  are  concerned.     So,  you  see  it  is  in  vain  for  me  to 
enter  the  field  of  political  wrangling.     Nature  made  me  for  a  man  of 
peace,  —  and  I  am  not  disposed  to  disobey  her  behests.     This  is  the 
secret  of  the  prudence  for  which  you  give  me  so  much  credit.    If  they 
found  that  I  stood  in  their  way,  they  would  abuse  me  as  stoutly  as 
the  rest;  but  if  I  am  never  to  get  honours  but  by  being  rolled  in  the 
dirt,  and  rolling  others  there,  too,  I  will  do  without  them.     This  is 
my  creed, — how  do  you  like  it  ? 

I  suppose  you  saw  Grovernor  D ,  on  his  way  through  Virginia. 

He  is  a  light-hearted,  joyous  fellow,  and  has  gone  home  buoyant  with 
the  hope  of  fortune,  by  the  culture  of  sugar  and  sea-islaud  cotton. 
They  are  all  sanguine  on  this  subject  in  Florida,  —  and  I  think  they 
have  reason.  But  we  have  yet  to  see  what  lesson  experience  will 
teach.  My  two  brothers  and  my  son-in-law  have  turned  into  cropping 
might  and  main — and  I  dare  say  they  all  count  upon  being  rich  in  ten 
years,  and  coming  back,  if  they  so  please,  to  live  among  us  in  splen- 
dour. But  where  shall  we  be,  ten  years  hence  ?  Shall  we  be  alive 
to  enjoy  them  ?  Time  has  already  thinned  the  ranks  of  our  friends, 
and  ten  years  more,  it  is  to  be  feared,  will  leave  few  of  us  standing. 
But  what  of  that  ?  "  Grieving's  a  folly,"  —  so  let  us  make  the  best 
of  our  time  by  mutual  love  and  affectionate  intercourse  with  each 
other,  and  doing  all  the  good  we  can  for  ourselves  and  others.  I 
should  like  once  more  to  be  with  you,  and  hear  you  sing  old  songs 
and  tell  old  stories.  It  would  delight  me  to  be  at  IMontpelicr  once 
again,  and  recall  the  memory  of  joys  long  gone.  I  have  had  some 
happy  hours  with  you  there,  my  dear  Pope,  and  I  think  if  I  could 
carry  up  Cabell  and  Carr  and  Bullock  and  Clarke,  we  could  make  the 
welkin  ring  j-et.  How  docs  Lucy  Ann  come  on  ?  It  is  charming 
that  she  should  have  married  so  amiable  and  prudent  a  gentleman, 
who  can  relieve  you  from  the  charge  of  your  agricultural  aifairs,  and 
leave  you  to  the  enjoyment  of  otinm  cum  dign'Uate. 

I  thank  you  for  the  perusal  of  Mr.  Bates'  letter.  I  have  taken  a 
great  fancy  to  him.  He  is  a  true  son  of  Virginia,  with  a  warm  heart 
and  an  excellent  head.  He  made  a  speech  in  the  Suprcnnc  Court,  in 
a  case  from  Missouri,  which  raised  him  much  in  the  estimation  of  the 


212  LETTER  TO  POPE.  [1823. 

Judges  and  audience.     I  am  always  gratified  when  I  see  so  good  a 
fellow  so  clever  a  one,  and  I  am  pleased  to  find  that  in  this  case,  as  in 

most  others,  our  good  will  is  reciprocal,  as  ]Mr.  M ,  I  think,  used 

to  pronounce  it. 

How  is  our  old  friend  T.  ?  He  has  been  considered  a  dying  man 
for  more  than  thirty  years,  to  my  certain  knowledge,  and  yet  I  believe 
he  will  outlive  us  all.  Shall  we  ever  have  such  another  day  with  him 
as  we  had  at  Rock  Castle  with  O'Reilly  and  Co. !  That  was  a  day 
of  days.  One  of  the  "  sunny  spots"  of  our  past  life.  I  have  some 
expectation  of  being  again  in  Virginia  this  summer.  The  President 
of  the  Bank  of  the  United  States  has  written  to  me  that  he  shall 
wish  my  ser^^ces  in  Stevenson's  case  again  whenever  it  shall  be  tried 
— and  that,  I  suppose,  will  be  about  the  last  of  May  or  the  beginning 
of  June.  However,  I  shall  write  to  Stanard  to  know  the  time  more 
particularly.  I  promise  myself  the  pleasure  of  seeing  you  if  I  come. 
Give  my  cordial  love  to  dear  Lucy  Ann  —  her  husband,  I  am  sure, 
will  accept  my  respects  though  personally  a  stranger.  IMrs.  Wirt  and 
my  girls  join  in  love  to  you — and  I  need  scarcely  add  that  T  am, 

Always  your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

P.  S. — Do  you  see  Morris  now  ?  If  you  do,  tell  him  that  I  wear 
him  in  my  heart.     He  is  one  of  my  few  elect. 

By-the-way,  Major  Clark  and  Joseph  Cabell  are  here.  They  fell 
in,  casually,  at  my  house,  with  four  or  five  other  gentlemen,  on  Priday 
evening  last  —  and  among  them  a  gentleman  who,  on  that  day,  had 
brought  nic  a  letter  of  introductien  from  Mv.  Maxwell,  formerly  of 
Norfolk,  now  of  New  York.  This  gentleman  is  the  Rev.  Mr.  King, 
who  has  been  residing,  for  the  last  three  years,  as  a  missionary  at 
Jerusalem,  and  has  travelled  a  great  deal  in  Egypt,  Palestine  and 
Syria.  He  speaks  Arabic  like  a  native — had  an  Arabic  letter,  which 
he  had  received  since  his  return,  from  an  Arabian  convert,  which  he 
read  first  in  the  Arabic  and  then  in  English.  It  is  very  much  in  the 
style  of  St.  Paul's  letters — and  in  the  beginning,  has  a  beautiful  tinc- 
ture of  the  oriental  imagery  of  Isaiah.  He  had  also  a  beautiful  little 
copy  of  the  Koran,  in  the  original  Arabic,  most  exquisitely  written 
and  emblazoned  with  a  pen,  from  which  he  chauntcd  long  passages  in 
the  true  Arabic  tone,  attitude  and  manner  —  for,  being  a  holy  book, 
they  do  not  read  it,  as  they  do  other  books,  but  chnunt  it  in  a  low 
and  snlcnin  tone.  I  wish  you  had  been  with  us.  He  interested  us 
all  extremely  by  his  graceful  and  intelligent  account  of  all  those  coun- 
tries with  which  we  have  so  many  religious  and  solemn  associations. 
They  sat  up  till  near  twelve,  listening  to  him,  and  to  the  joint  music 
of  the  harp  and  piano,  with  which  our  girls  closed  the  evening. 
These  little  rencontres  and  incidents  do  not  often  occur  in  the  coun- 
try,  and  I  mention  it  because  I  think  it  may  be  amusing  to  you. 

Farewell — and,  once  more,  Heaven  bless  you. 


Chap.  XIII.] 


TO  HIS  DAUGHTER. 


213 


TO   MRS.  LAURA   II.   RANDALL. 

Baltimore,  May  19,  1828. 
My  dear  Laura  : 

Your  mother  has  sent  me  your  letter  of  the  27th  ult.  I  am  ghxd 
that  my  nonsense  amuses  you.  On  my  own  part,  this  same  nonsense 
is  a  salutary  expectorant,  and  I  have  always  found  it  a  capital  prepa- 
rative for  a  dry  and  close  argument — a  safety-valve,  which  lets  off  all 
my  redundant  steam  before  I  am  ready  to  set  out ;  and  as  I  have  no 
fear  of  a  scarcity  of  fuel,  while  nonsense  is  the  only  power  required 
of  me,  I  am  not  afraid  of  being  too  prodigal  of  my  steam. 

*  *  *  Now,  put  on  your  considering  cap, 

and  tell  me  why  nonsense  is  so  pleasing,  both  to  the  hearer  and 
speaker.     I  am  not  one  of  those  who  are  prone  to  be 

"  Dulling  delight  by  exploring  its  cause" — 

but  this  is  a  curious  matter,  and  I  do  not  find  my  sagacity  quick 
enough  to  detect  the  solution.  I  forget  what  Messrs.  Kames,  Blair 
and  Co.,  say  about  the  sources  of  enjoyment  in  ridicule.  And,  more- 
over, I  doa't  care  what  they  say;  for  they  were  all  pretty  much  of 
"  Sir  Oracles" — good  guessers,  I  must  admit.  But  we  can  guess,  as 
well  as  they.  And  as  for  you — ^you  can  guess  as  well  at  a  moment's 
warning  as  upon  a  year's  study :  —  a  faculty,  by-the-bye,  which  you 
did  not  derive  from  me ;  for  I  am  a  plodder. 

Now,  I  am  of  opinion  that  the  enjoyment  of  nonsense,  both  in 
speaker  and  listener,  proceeds  from  gratified  vanity.  The  speaker  is 
gratified  by  his  success,  and  the  listener  by  his  comparative  dignity 
of  understanding.  This  is  a  little  in  Bochefoucault's  strain,  who 
traces  all  om*  enjoyments,  as  well  as  virtues,  to  self.  It  is  too  true, 
as  to  the  aforesaid  Monsieur — il  avoit  ralson ;  though  the  selfishness 
to  which  he  traces  virtue,  leaves  it,  me  judice,  all  its  merit.  Be  this 
as  it  may  :  vive  la  bagatelle  just  now  !  Carpe  diem  !  say  I,  and  let 
us  not  trouble  ourselves  about  what  may  happen  to-morrow. 

"Carpe  diem,  quam  minimum  credula  postero," 

says  Horace,  who,  in  my  opinion,  was  a  most  learned  Theban  in  these 
matters. 

This  reminds  me  of  a  pun  I  heard  the  other  day  in .     There 

is  a  gentleman  there,  wlio  is  otherwise  very  handsome,  but  with  the 
misfortune  of  ha\ang  a  nose  without  a  bridge ;  —  nothing  of  a  nose 
perceptible,  except  the  inception  between  the  e3-ebrows ;  a  mere  abor- 
tive proboscis.     His  other  features  are  all  fine  —  his  eyes  full  of  the 

fire  of  genius  and  sensibility.     C ,  who  is  a  very  fine  fellow,  as 

your  uncle  will  tell  you,  was  remarking  in  compan}-  one  day,  the 
noble  expression  of  his  countenance.  "  Oh,  but  that  unfortunate 
nose,"  said  a  lady.     "Nose!"  replied  C ;  "if  it  had  a  bridge, 


214  LETTER  TO  POPE.  [1828. 

it  would  be  very  passalle."  This  may  be  as  old  as  the  bills,  for 
augbt  I  know,  but  it  made  me  laugb  vociferously.  I  would  tbank 
you  to  laugh  a  little,  if  you  please. 

******* 

In  looking  back  upon  tbis  vagary,  I  find  my  over-nimble  fancy 
bas  played  me  a  trick,  in  tbe  introduction  of  tbat  pun,  which  is  a 
palpable  departure  from  the  text,  and  proceeds  from  thinking  faster 
than  I  write.  The  "  Carpe  diem"  of  Horace  was  properly  leading 
me  to  Lord  Exmouth's  punning  inscription  on  bis  flag,  when  he  made 
his  attack  on  Algiers,  and  which  is  said  to  have  been  perfectly  under- 
stood by  every  sailor  in  his  fleet. — ''  Carpe  diem" — that  is  "  seize  the 
Dey  :" — but  no  sooner  did  a  pun  come  into  my  head,  than  my  mind 

naturally  capered  off  to and  I  got  to  my  friend 's  bridge 

without  any  road  to  lead  to  it.  Cest  egal — So  vive  la  bagatelle 
again! — which,  being  rendered,  signifieth  " laugh  and  be  fat."  A 
proverb  so  full  of  wisdom  that  I  wonder  it  escaped  Solomon.  lu  the 
small  affairs  of  life  there  is  no  sense  in  grief.  It  is  about  as  rational 
as  crying  because  the  wind  blows  from  the  east  instead  of  the  west. 
We  are  here  in  a  stage-coach  journey  through  life,  and,  instead  of 
laiuenting  our  annoyances  and  sticking  pins  in  our  fellow-passengers 
because  they  scrouge  us — as  poor  Mrs.  B.  used  to  say — it  is  wisdom 
to  make  the  best  of  it,  and  extract  all  the  amusement  we  can  from 
our  companions — taking  care  always  to  be  ready  to  give  a  good  account 
of  oui'selves  at  the  end  of  the  journey. 

*  *  *  *  *  * 

Your  affectionate  father, 

TVai.  Wirt. 

TO   WILLIAM  POPE. 

Annapolis,  June  24,  1828, 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

Your  letter  of  the  5th  instant,  covering  a  note  for  Chancellor 
Taylor,  and  addressed  to  me  at  Richmond,  found  me  at  this  place  last 
evening.  I  observe  by  the  Richmond  post-mark,  that  it  lay  in  the 
ofl&ce  there  'till  the  18th,  when  the  direction  was  changed  to  Wash- 
ington :  it  came  thence,  in  a  packet  of  other  letters,  by  the  mail  of 
yesterday. 

You  will  have  heard,  long  before  this  reaches  you,  that  the  case  of 
the  Bank  and  Dandridge's  sureties  was  continued  on  the  defendant's 
motion — whereby  I  have  lost  a  good  fee  and  the  anticipated  pleasure 
of  meeting  you  and  my  other  friends.  Such  are  "  the  best  laid 
schemes  o'  mice  and  men."  Whether  I  shall  be  able  to  go  in  the 
fall  or  not,  I  know  not.  The  l^ank  and  JMr.  Stanard  say  I  must. 
Bitt  the  term  at  Richmond  (22d  November)  comes  into  direct  collision 
with  the  busiest  time  of  the  Baltimore  courts,  and  at  present  I  do  not 
see  how  I  can  break  away.    Besides,  who  knows  whether  we  shall  be 


Chaf.xiil]  old  songs.  215 

alive  then  ?  We  arc,  you  know,  tenants  at  will,  or  by  sufferance,  and 
may  be  removed  by  the  great  landlord,  at  pleasure,  without  any 
previous  notice — and  blessed  is  the  man  who  is  always  ready  to  move 
at  a  moment's  warning.  Then  again,  if  I  shall  be  able  to  come,  how 
much  less  interesting  at  that  dreary  season  of  the  year  will  the  visit 
be,  than  it  would  have  been  now.  I  wanted  to  see  Lucy  Ann's 
garden  in  bloom — more  especially  that  "  flower-woven  arbour,"  where, 
like  old  Toby  Philpot,  we  were  wont  to  sit  "  as  gay  as  you  please." 

"With  a  friend  and  a  pipe  (viz.  the  Chancellor's)  pufDng  sorrow  away, 
And  with  honest  old  stingo  a-moistening  our  clay." 

It  is  true  "the  days  are  gone  that  we  have  seen."  Yet  I  think 
we  have  still  warmth  enough  about  the  heart  to  raise  a  breeze,  if  we 
could  get  together  again  with  a  few  of  our  choice  friends.  We  could, 
at  least,  "  fight  our  battles  o'er  again,"  and,  like  Bullock's  dying  man, 
stop  the  joke  until  we  could  turn  over  on  the  other  side  fur  fear  of 
laughing  ourselves  to  death,  at  a  story  which  we  have  heard  a  hundred 
times.  Besides,  you  could  get  your  old  song-book  out  of  the  office, 
and  sing  us  the  llevcille  through  all  the  variations.  I  think  I  can 
see  and  hear  you  now — 

"The  lark  was  up  the  morning  gay, 
The  drum  had  beat  the  reveille.'" — 

Not  forgetting — 

"Here's  to  the  maiden  of  bashful  fifteen, 
And  here's  to  tlie  widow  of  fifty." 

"  Oh,  the  days  that  we  have  seen  !" — By-the-bye,  did  you  ever  hear 
General  Elinor  sing  that  song  of  "  Old  Jerome  ?" — I  think  it  would 
just  suit  you.     Pray  get  it  and  learn  it.     It  begins — 

"Oh,  the  days  when  I  was  young, 

When  I  laughed  in  fortune's  spite, 
Talk'd  of  love  the  whole  day  long, 

And  with  bumpers  crown'd  the  night." 

I  dare  say  you  will  find  it  in  your  old  song-book,  for  it  is  as  old  as 
the  hills;  and  if  you  are  at  a  loss  for  the  tune,  I  can  send  it  to  you; 

and  Mr.  D or  dear  L can  play  it  off  till  you  catch  it. 

Some  rigid  anchorite  might  say,  "  What  business  have  you  old  men 
with  songs  ?  you  had  better  be  thinking  of  your  graves."  But  what 
sense  is  there  in  going  moping  along  the  road  because  we  have  a  dis- 
agreeable inn  at  the  end  of  the  journey?  Sorrow  and  trouble  come 
soon  enough  of  themselves,  without  forestalling,  and  I  think  with 
Sterne  and  his  French  vintner,  that  "a  cheerful  heart  is  the  best 
grace" — 


216  ANNAPOLIS.  [1828. 

<'  What  blessings  thy  free  bounty  gives, 
Let  me  not  cast  away, 
For  God  is  paid  when  man  receives, 
To  enjoy  is  to  obey.'' 

That  is,  to  enjoy  in  innocence  and  moderation ;  and  so  I  believe. 
That  God  who  opens  the  spring  season  of  the  year  with  so  much 
beauty,  and  such  universal  joy  and  rapture,  cannot  delight  in  seeing 
his  creatures  wretched.  A  heart  innocently  gay  and  happy  is,  I 
believe,  the  most  acceptable  homage  that  we  can  pay.  Let  such 
wretches  as  Judas  Iscariot  mourn  and  grieve  and  commit  suicide. 
Why  should  we,  whose  great  delight  and  almost  sole  employment  is 
to  make  others  as  happy  and  joyous  as  we  can,  put  ashes  on  our  own 
heads  and  cover  our  loins  with  perpetual  sackcloth  ?  I  am  against  it, 
sir ;  and  do  verily  believe  that  grieving  is  not  only  a  folly,  but  a 
wicked  folly,  too,  and  offensive  to  our  IMaker.     So  — 

"Hurrah  for  the  bonnets  o"  blue!" 

We  will  play  wig  and  dignity  when  the  occasion  comes.    Meantime — 

"March — march,  Ettrick  and  Tiviot-dale  — 
All  the  blue  bonnets  are  over  the  border." 

My  friend  IMeredith,  of  Baltimore,  is  my  room-mate  here.  He  is 
a  very  pleasant  and  a  very  good  fellow ;  or,  as  he  says,  while  he  is 
throwing  himself  down  on  his  bed  to  take  an  afternoon's  nap,  "  a  safe 
companion  and  an  easy  friend."  I  have  read  him  two  or  three  of 
your  letters  which  have  been  occasionally  received  at  this  place,  and 
he  is  quite  in  love  with  you.  We  have  wished  for  you  very  often, 
and  you  would,  yourself,  be  delighted  here.  The  judges  are,  some 
of  them,  fine  fellows.  The  Chief  Justice  of  the  Court  of  Appeals  of 
Maryland  (Buchanan),  has  his  room  separated  from  ours  only  by  a 
narrow  passage,  and  he  comes  in  frequently  to  join  us.  He  is  as 
honest  and  noble-spirited  a  fellow  as  ever  lived ;  full  of  fine  feeling, 
manly,  frank,  and  brave  —  and  loves  a  laugh  as  much  as  you  do. 
You  would  put  him  into  convulsions,  if  you  were  here. 

It  is  a  pleasant  bar,  too ;  as  merry  dogs  as  you  would  wish  to  see 
of  a  summer's  day.  And  Annapolis  is  a  beautiful  place.  It  is  "  a 
city  built  on  a  hill,"  which  you  know  "cannot  be  hid."  It  com- 
mands a  magnificent  view  of  the  Chesapeake  Ba}-,  to  the  east,  and  is 
surrounded  with  the  most  picturesque  scenery  of  green  rolling  hills, 
deep  clear  rivers,  bold  promontories,  winding  shores  and  shady  recesses. 
There  are  several  fine  bathing-places  in  the  Severn  river,  and  we  have 
sheep's-head  and  soft-crabs  in  abundance  every  day. 

The  houses  and  the  few  remains  of  the  old  gentry  remind  me 
exceedingly  of  old  Williamsburg ;  and  the  ancient  chroniclers  of  the 
place  have  many  a  story  to  tell  of  the  goings-on  here  in  the  days  of 
Governor  Eden.     The  memorials  of  the  bygone  times,  with  which  the 


Chap.  XIII.] 


CONTENTMENT. 


21T 


place  abounds,  make  me  a  little  pensive  and  sentimental  now  and  then. 
This  is  no  objection  with  me,  however,  for  I  like  a  touch  of  the  tender, 
even  though  found  among  the  tombs.  The  capitol  is  a  noble-looking 
building.  It  stands  on  the  summit  of  the  hill,  and  has  a  rotunda  or 
cupola  several  stories  high,  in  which  you  may  mount  two  or  three 
hundred  feet  above  the  level  of  the  Bay,  and  look  around  on  one  of 
the  boldest  panoramas  in  the  world.  Seen  from  that  height,  the  view 
of  the  Bay  is  sublime,  and  the  view  on  the  opposite  side  beautiful. 
So,  there  you  may  study  Burke  on  the  sublime  aud  beautiful  at  plea- 
sure, and  see  the  finest  illustrations  of  either  by  only  turning  your 
head.  I  wish  you  were  here  at  this  moment.  But  what  is  the  use 
of  wishing  when  the  thing  is  impossible  ?     And  so  let  us  be  content. 

How  do  you  like  the  practice  of  the  law  in  your  old  age  ?  I  confess 
I  am  getting  tired  of  it.  I  have  been  at  it  now  for  six-and-thirty 
years,  with  the  exception  of  two  respites,  to  wit :  four  or  five  years 
of  frolic  and  idleness  when  I  first  began,  and  eighteen  or  twenty 
months  on  the  Chancery  bench  at  "Williamsburg,  in  1802  and  1803 ; 
but  I  have  been  pretty  hard  at  it  for  near  thirty  years,  and  now 
there  is  nothing  new  in  it.  I  have  no  more  fame  to  expect,  and  no 
more  professional  enjoyment  to  hope  for.  Yet  I  must  stick  to  it, 
nolens-volens ;  and,  since  I  am  obliged  to  do  it,  I  wish  there  was  a 
little  more  of  the  volens  in  the  case  than  I  feel.  Happy  the  man 
whose  duty  is  his  pleasure ;  but  Heaven's  will  be  done  !  I  will  try 
to  deserve,  at  least,  one  part  of  Tom  Bowling's  eulogy  —  "  fiiithful 
below  he  did  his  duty;"  which  I  believe  is  the  best  pledge,  after  all, 
for  "going  aloft." 

In  my  journey  upwards,  I  should  like  to  stop  awhile  upon  the 
bench ;  but  I  am  pretty  well  resigned  to  my  fate,  be  it  what  it  may. 
*  *  *  *  This  subject,  however,  is  too  serious  to  be 
trifled  with,  and  the  mysteries  that  surround  it  are  beyond  the  juris- 
diction of  reason.  Happy  is  it  for  us,  then,  that  revelation  has  come 
to  our  aid.     Oh  for 

"The  wings  of  faith  and  arms  of  love, 
To  bear  us  safely  liome  !"' 

Good  Doctor  Watts !  How  often  have  I  wished  that  I  had  been 
made  such  a  man !  His  was  scarcely  an  earthly  residence ;  for  his 
spirit  seems  to  have  been  lifted  into  the  seventh  heaven.  What  a 
state  of  celestial  existence  !  But  if  we  were  all  like  him,  what  would 
become  of  the  business  of  life  ?  Doubtless  we  are,  all  of  us,  necessary 
to  complete  the  scheme  of  variety  in  the  human  family,  and  eacli  man 
has  his  separate  station  assigned  to  him  by  Providence.  With  that 
let  us  be  content,  and  act  well  our  respective  parts,  nor  sigh  for  the 
posts  that  have  been  allotted  to  others.  This  last  is  one  of  the  com- 
monest fjllies  of  man.     I  have  not  sufibred  it  to  trouble  me  much. 

I  have  always  been  too  fond  of  case  and  quiet  to  have  any  taste 

Vol.  II. —  19 


218  LETTER  TO  HIS  SON-IN-LAW.  [1828. 

for  political  contention.  The  little  that  I  have  done,  in  that  way,  has 
been  rather  forced  upon  me  than  sought  for  by  me.  And  as  for  what 
are  called  political  honours,  I  would  as  soon  put  on  the  poisoned  shirt 
of  Hercules.  In  my  opinion,  the  most  miserable  men  in  the  world 
are  those  who  are  enjoying  what  are  called  political  honours.  It  is  a 
species  of  enjoyment  which  reminds  me  of  the  answer  made  by  a  man 
to  a  friend's  inquiry  after  his  health  —  "I  thank  you,  I  have  enjoyed 
very  had  health  since  I  saw  you  last."  These  gigantic  characters  are 
pretty  much  in  the  predicament  of  another  gigantic  gentleman  in  old 
times,  in  a  very  elevated  station.  I  mean  him  who  was  nailed  to  the 
mountain-side,  with  vultures  to  feed  on  his  liver.  As  for  me,  give 
me  peace  and  competency,  with  "wife,  children  and  friends."  I  ask 
no  more  upon  this  earth.  And  I  thank  God  he  has  hitherto  given 
me  all  these  blessings  to  my  heart's  content. 

I  find  it  very  hard  to  quit  your  company,  as  you  see.  But  I  must 
take  my  leave  and  go  to  work. 

Offer  my  kindest  greetings  to  your  family,  and  to  my  dear  Morris 
when  you  see  him.  I  love  him  deeply  and  tenderly.  Grod  bless  him 
—  and  God  bless  you  all ! 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO   JUDGE    RANDALL. 

Washington,  July  4,  1828. 
My  dear  Sir  : 

******* 

I  find  myself,  at  present,  so  pre-eminently  blessed  in  my  family, 
in  all  its  members,  that  it  sometimes  makes  me  shudder  lest  my  own 
unworthiness  or  some  salutary  castigation  should  make  it  necessary, 
in  the  councils  of  Heaven,  to  punish  me  with  a  reverse. 

I  consider  the  next  five  years  as  amongst  the  most  important  of  my 
life,  as  they  will,  in  all  probability,  settle,  one  way  or  the  other,  the 
problem  whether  I  am  to  leave  my  family  independent.  All  looks 
fair  at  present;  and  as  I  have  some  remains  of  my  childhood's  super- 
stition about  me,  a  flash  of  hope  brightens  before  me  from  the  omen 
of  the  day  on  which  I  now  write  to  you.  You  will  smile  at  this,  as 
you  were  not  exposed,  in  the  years  of  your  infancy,  to  the  influence 
of  the  same  legends  which  wrought  upon  me,  and,  possibly,  have  not 
the  organs  of  ideality  so  strongly  developed,  or  whatever  else  the 
organs  are  which  go  to  make  the  compound  of  credulity  and  supersti- 
tion. There  is  quite  as  much  poetry  as  faith  in  the  \'isions  which 
occasionally  knock  at  my  door  and  find  admittance  and  a  night's 
quarters.  But  daylight  and  the  realities  of  life  send  them  on  their 
business  next  morning. 


Chap.  XIII.] 


TASTE  FOR   EMBELLISHMENT. 


219 


You  have  a  touch  of  the  passion  for  show  about  you^-  It  is  a  gen- 
tlemanly feeling.  I  have  had,  all  my  life,  a  little  to(f  much  of  it.  I 
don' t  mean  too  much  of  the  feelings  of  a  gentleman  —  but  a  little 
too  much  love  for  classical  arrangement  and  embellishment  —  for 
graduating,  turfing,  arbourizing,  shrubbery,  &c.,  which,  as  I  have 
always  lived  in  town,  has  been  expensive.  And  then,  I  have  been 
all  my  life  altering  the  adjustment  of  ray  houses,  changing  partitions, 
plastering,  painting  and  varnishing  walls,  to  give  them  a  luslroua 
appearance,  and  adding  other  buildings :  and  then  importing  busts, 
purchasing  pianos,  flutes,  harps,  guitars,  and  all  that  sort  of  furniture 
—  not  forgetting  the  accumulation  of  antique,  rare  and  high-priced 
books  —  all  of  which  would  have  well  beseemed  a  man  of  princely 
fortune,  but  have  suited  mine  very  badly.  I  believe  it  has  had  the 
efiect  of  giving  an  elegant  turn  of  mind  to  my  children,  to  see  these 
objects  always  around  them.  ^ 

****** 

The  natural  beauties  of  your  place,  and  those  little  embellishments 
of  yom-  grounds  which  will  cost  you  nothing,  will  give  full  emploj'- 
ment  to  your  taste  and  your  leisure  time,  for  some  years  to  come. 
During  this  time,  I  hope  that  your  funds  will  be  dammed  up  till  the 
pool  is  full  to  overflowing.  I  advise  you  to  live  not  simply  within 
your  means,  but  to  live  so  far  within  them  as  to  leave  a  broad  margin 
every  year;  which,  if  you  once  begin,  you  will  find  to  become  a 
broader  and  still  broader  margin  in  each  successive  year.  At  the  end 
of  ten  or  twelve  years,  these  margins,  added  together,  will  make  a 
little  principality,  and  enable  you  to  do  what  you  please.  Beware 
of  speculations ;  particularly  such  as  are  beyond  your  present  means. 
Never  go  in  debt  on  them.  Beware,  especially,  of  those  bold  and 
dazzling  speculations  on  a  great  scale,  which,  under  the  promise  of 
speedy  opulence,  end  too  often  in  ruin.  JVefestincis  Jocupletari,  sn'id 
the  wise  man  of  Greece ;  and  no  wise  man  ever  said  a  wiser  thing. 
The  richest  men  generally  become  so  by  gradual  accumulation :  I 
mean  the  men  who  most  safely  become  rich.  Aladdin's  lamp  is  a 
fiction,  and  even  were  it  not,  there  is  more  than  one  hostile  magician 
to  be  slaughtered  before  our  success  may  be  secured  —  magicians  in 
the  shape  of  treacherous  agents,  insolvent  debtors,  sharpers  and  spec- 
ulators—  and  of  crosses  and  disappointments,  of  which  the  world  is 
full.  Give  me  a  man  like  our  old  friend  Judge  E.,  who,  without 
making  any  noise  in  the  world,  has  been  going  on  adding  a  child  and 
a  new  tarm  to  his  stock  every  year,  for  the  last  fifteen  of  his  life ;  he 
and  they  are  all  well  provided  for,  and  even  rich.  While  your 
splendid  and  showy  men  are  everywhere  writhing  under  pecuniary 
embarrassments,  dying  in  despair  and  leaving  their  families  in  beg- 
gary. Young  men,  at  your  time  of  life,  are  not  apt  to  think  of  these 
things,  and  the  subject  is  likely  to  be  irksome  to  them ;  but  they  who 
are  wise  will  not  disdain  a  lesson  of  wisdom  from  their  fathers,  and 


220 


THE  PRESIDENTIAL  ELECTION. 


[1828. 


will  lay  it  to  heart  and  practise  upon  it  —  as  I  am  sure  you  will  do. 
If  I  had  a  glass  window  in  my  breast,  and  you  could  have  drawn  a 
chair  and  sat  down  before  it,  and  looked  in  —  as  Sterne  says  —  as  into 
a  "  dioptric  beehive,"  and  seen  the  anxieties  that  have  been  working 
there  for  the  last  ten  years,  on  account  of  this  retrospect  of  my  lost 
time,  you  would  not  be  surprised  at  the  frequency  and  earnestness 
with  which  I  press  this  subject  on  your  attention. 


* 


Yours,  afiectionately. 


Wm.  Wirt. 


These  few  fragments  of  letters  give  us  some  pretty  distinct  glimpses 
into  that  "dioptric  beehive,"  the  heart  of  the  writer,  and  open  to  us 
interior  views  into  the  character  of  a  man  who,  before  the  world, 
seemed,  perhaps,  a  graver  and  more  ambitious  person  than  they 
unfold.  This  current  of  gaiety  which  runs  so  transparently  through 
the  depths  of  his  mind,  and  which  seems  to  mingle  its  waters  even 
with  its  most  earnest  meditations,  is  never  discoloured  by  an  impure 
thought;  but  reflects  at  all  times  upon  its  sm-face  an  innocent  and 
religious  nature. 

The  months  of  August  and  September  —  the  Attorney-General's 
usual  term  of  exemption  from  business  —  were  agreeably  spent  in  a 
tour  with  some  of  his  children  to  the  Falls  of  Niagara,  thence,  by  way 
of  Lake  Champlain,  to  Montreal,  and  ])ack  to  Washington ;  a  tour 
which  furnished  occasion  for  many  pleasant  descriptive  letters  to  those 
he  had  left  behind. 

As  the  presidential  canvass  advanced,  the  demonstrations  of  popular 
opinion  pointed  more  and  more  clearly  to  the  probability,  and  even 
certainty,  of  the  success  of  General  Jackson.  The  party  then  in 
power  regarded  such  an  event  as  hostile  to  the  political  predominance 
with  which  they  were  associated.  They  foresaw  that  it  must  neces- 
sarily result  in  the  establishment  of  a  new  political  combination,  and 
in  the  overthrow  of  that  system  of  administration  and  party  organiza- 
tion which  was  derived,  through  a  lineal  succession,  from  Jefierson 
and  IMadison,  and  had  held  the  reins  of  Government  through  seven 
continuous  presidential  terms. 

A  question  now  arose  as  to  the  duty  of  the  cabinet  officers,  in  such 
an  event.  On  the  part  of  the  gentlemen  who  composed  the  cabinet, 
I  believe,  there  was  no  dissenting  opinion,  as  to  the  propriety  of  their 


Chaf.  XIII.] 


LETTER  FROM  MR.  MONROE. 


221 


own  resignations.  But  this  was,' by  no  means,  a  settled  opinion,  at 
that  time,  in  the  country.  The  election  of  Mr.  Jefferson,  in  1800, 
presented  the  only  case  which  yet  had  arisen  for  the  establishment 
of  a  precedent,  in  the  history  of  the  Government;  and  that  single 
instance  was  not  deemed,  by  many,  sufficient  to  settle  the  question. 
This  would  be  the  second  occasion,  if  General  Jackson  should  bo 
elected,  when  there  had  been  a  party  revolution  in  the  administration 
of  affairs.  Mr.  Jefferson's  election  put  an  end  to  the  rule  of  the 
federal  party  —  superseding  it  by  one  adverse  in  all  points.  General 
Jackson's  election  would  do  the  same  thing  with  the  successors  of 
Jefferson ; — not  superseding  it,  however,  so  distinctly,  and  with  such 
specific  antagonism,  as  in  the  first  case,  but  still  sufficiently  so  to  pre- 
•  sent  a  question,  whether  the  members  of  the  existing  cabinet  were 
not  placed  under  a  clear  obligation  to  withdraw  from  their  posts  by 
voluntary  resignation. 

Upon  this  question,  I  am  able  to  present  the  opinion  of  Mr. 
IMonroe,  in  a  letter  casually  written  to  the  Attorney-General,  in  the 
course  of  a  friendly  correspondence,  whilst  the  issue  of  the  pending 
election  was  yet  unascertained.* 


MR.   MONROE   TO   WILLIAM   WIRT. 

Oak  Hill,  October  24, 1828. 

Dear  Sir  : 

******* 

Whether  the  present  administration  ought  to  withdraw,  in  the 
event  of  Mr.  Adams  not  being  re-elected,  is  a  question  of  great  deli- 
cacy as  to  the  members,  and  of  interest,  by  way  of  example,  as  to 
principle.  They  hold  their  offices  as  others  do,  as  servants  of  the 
public,  not  the  President's.  Their  appointments  do  not  cease  with 
his.  They  are  responsible,  each,  for  the  faithful  performance  of  his 
duties.  He,  likewise,  is  reponsible  for  them.  In  this  respect,  there 
is  a  difference  between  our  Government  and  that  of  Great  Britain. 
In  the  latter,  the  minister  alone  is  responsible.  The  office  of  the  chief 
being  hereditary,  he  is  beyond  the  reach  of  impeachment.  With  us, 
both  may  be  impeached — the  chief  and  the  ministers.     They  are  also 

*  The  practice  of  the  cabinet  on  the  point  discussed  in  this  letter,  has 
been  so  decisively  settled  since  that  date,  as  to  make  it  a  matter  of  surprise 
that  it  should  ever  have  been  a  subject  for  question. 

19* 


222 


LETTER  FROM  MR.  MONROE. 


[1828. 


bis  counsellors.  In  some  views,  therefore,  they  may  be  considered  as 
holding  an  independent  ground :  that  is,  as  depending  on  their  good 
conduct  in  office,  and  not  on  the  change  of  the  incumbent.  In  others, 
the  opposite  argument  appears  to  have  force.  When  a  difference  of 
principle  is  involved,  it  would  seem  as  if  a  change  would  be  necessary. 
But  where  such  difference  does  not  exist,  the  danger  is,  by  connecting 
the  members  with  the  fortune  of  the  incumbent,  of  making  them  the 
mere  appendages  and  creatures  of  the  individual,  —  which  may  have, 
in  certain  views,  in  the  progress  of  affairs,  an  unfxvourable  effect  on 
our  system.  Whenever  things  get  to  that  state,  that  measures  are 
approved  or  disapproved  by  parties  contending  for  power  to  promote 
the  success  of  their  favourite,  principle  is  lost  sight  of,  and  the  people 
cease  to  be  sovereign — or  rather,  to  exercise  the  sovereign  power  in  a 
manner  to  preserve  it.  They  become  instruments  whereby  the  basis 
of  the  system  will  be  shaken. 

Still,  as  the  heads  of  departments  are  counsellors,  and  wield  im- 
portant branches  of  the  Government,  I  do  not  see  how  they  can 
remain  in  office  without  the  I'resident's  sanction,  nor  wait  after  his 
election  till  apprised  of  his  decision  by  himself. 

This  view  is  much  less  applicable,  in  every  instance  and  circum- 
stance, to  your  case  than  to  the  others.  Your  duties  are  different. 
The  President  has  less  connection  with,  and  less  responsibility  for  the 
performance  of  them.  Your  standing  is,  likewise,  such,  —  nothing 
unfriendly  having  occurred  between  you  —  that  I  should  think  he 
(General  Jackson)  would  wish  to  retain  you. 


* 


* 


Your  friend; 


James  Monroe. 


CHAPTER   XIV. 

1829. 

GENERAL    JACKSON    ELECTED.  —  STATE    OF   PARTIES. — WIRT   RE- 
MOVES   TO  BALTIMORE. CHARACTER    OF    THAT    BAR. LETTERS 

TO    CARR   AND    POPE. CHANGES    AT    WASHINGTON. IS    CALLED 

TO    BOSTON    ON    BUSINESS. TRIALS  OF  CAUSES    BEFORE  THIS  IN 

PHILADELPHIA. PARTICULARS  OF  HIS  BOSTON  VISIT  IN  LET- 
TERS TO  HIS  FAMILY. HIS  RECEPTION  IN  BOSTON. HOSPI- 
TALITY.  THE   INTEREST    TAKEN    IN    THE    TRIAL. LETTERS    TO 

CARR  AND  POPE  ON  THE  SUBJECT  OF  THIS  VISIT. HIS    OPINION 

OF  NEW  ENGLAND  CHARACTER  COMPARED  WITH  VIRGINIA. 

The  election  terminated  in  favour  of  General  Jackson.  lie  was 
inaugurated  as  President  of  the  United  States,  on  the  4th  of  IMarch, 
1829.  On  this  day  the  democratic  party,  which  had  been  j^domi- 
nant  in  the  administration  of  the  affairs  of  the  general  government 
for  twenty-eight  years,  surrendered  its  power  into  the  hands  of  that 
new  party  which  had  been  brought  together  by  the  popularity  of  the 
hero  of  New  Orleans.  The  new  party  was  a  miscellaneous  one.  It 
embraced  all  that  portion  of  the  federalists  who  were  anxious  to  come 
into  power, — ^by  no  means  a  small  host. — It  absorbed  a  large  number 
of  the  young  politicians  who  had  grown  up  to  manhood  during  the 
period  of  General  Jackson's  military  career.  It  attracted  and 
embodied  such  portions  of  the  masses  of  the  people,  as  conceived  the 
chief  magistracy  to  be  an  appropriate  reward  for  distinguished  military 
exploits — always  a  large  number  of  persons  in  every  government. 
The  leaders  in  this  combination  were  eager  and  practised  politicians, 
bred  in  the  schools  of  both  of  the  parties  which  had  heretofore  divided 
the  country.  Their  political  creed,  therefore,  was  various,  according 
to  the  school  in  which  each  had  been  educated ;  but  it  was  accommo- 
dating and  sufficiently  held  in  the  back-ground,  to  enable  it  to  await 
events.  The  opinions  of  the  chief  himself  were  so  far  indefinite  as  to 
give  each  section  of  his  party  hopes  of  finding  it  an  easy  matter  to 
comply  with  his  taste  in  respect  to  measui-es.    Old  democrats  and  old 

(223) 


224 


THE  DEMOCRATIC  PARTY  OVERTHROWN. 


[1829. 


federalists  were  united  in  his  cabinet,  •without  any  visible  contrariety 
of  position.  It  was  an  era  of  surrender  and  compromise  of  old 
antipathies,  with  an  implied  promise  of  silence,  for  the  future,  on  old 
topics.  By-gones  were  to  be  by-gones.  The  destination  of  the  party 
was  to  be  settled  hereafter.  Its  principles  and  measures  were  to  be 
left  to  the  chapter  of  accidents.  For  the  present,  all  differences  were 
submerged  beneath  the  General's  unbounded  and  unparalleled  popu- 
larity. This  was  the  condition  of  that  new  party  which  had  just 
overthrown  a  political  domination  of  twenty-eight  years,  and  which 
was  fated  itself  to  be  overthrown  in  twenty  years  more. 

The  democratic  party,  on  the  other  hand,  was  also  destined  to 
witness  some  changes  in  its  organization.  It  necessarily  became  the 
recipient  of  all  those  who  could  not  fall  into  the  ranks  of  the  new 
party.  The  country  instinctively  takes  sides.  Those  who  cannot 
consort  with  a  new  administration,  associate  themselves  with  those 
who  oppose  it.  "Where  every  man  must  vote,  the  suffrage  that  cannot 
be  given  for  those  in  power,  must  be  given  for  those  who  are  against 
them.  „  When  there  are  but  two  parties,  this  is  inevitable. 

Under  the  influence  of  this  necessity,  that  portion  of  the  federal 
party,  which  could  not  follow  their  brethren  into  the  ranks  of  General 
Jackson,  dropped  into  the  ranks  of  the  democrats.  In  this  strange 
re-combination  of  old  elements,  the  former  party  names  were  laid 
aside.  The  democratic  party,  with  its  new  allies,  thenceforth  took 
the  name  of  National  Republicans.  Those  in  power  called  themselves 
Jackson  men.  The  course  of  administration,  in  a  few  years  after- 
wards, was  such  as  to  awaken  all  those  ancient  jealousies  which  had 
roused  the  spirit  of  the  whigs  of  the  revolution.  From  that  era  the 
democratic  party  resumed  its  oldest  and  most  cherished  designation, 
and  came  forth  once  more,  in  full  organization,  as  the  Whig  party ; — 
in  which  name  it  has  now  triumphed : — in  which  name,  also,  it  won 
that  short  victory  of  a  few  months,  sadly  memorable  for  the  first 
funeral  and  the  fii'st  defection  in  the  White  House. 

The  Jackson  party  was  also  compelled  to  seek  new  designations. 
In  due  course  of  time  it  became  the  Van  Buren  party ;  and  as  that 
was  of  a  nature  even  more  fleeting  than  the  last,  it  was  accounted  a 
rare  piece  of  good  fortune  when  it  stumbled  upon  the  name  of  "  The 
Democracy,"  which   lay  derelict  by  the  way-side.     Neither  parties 


Chap.  XIV.]  REMOVES  TO  BALTIMORE.  225 

nor  individuals  are  apt  to  be  over-scrupulous  in  assuming  titles  Tvliicli 
may  turn  to  profit — however  little  they  may  comport  with  the  char- 
acter of  the  wearer.  In  a  state  of  war,  especially,  titles  are  often 
assumed  which  denote  the  very  opposite  of  the  true  character.  Thus 
it  has  fallen  out,  at  last,  that  they  who  made  battle  against  and  over- 
threw the  democratic  party,  have,  with  the  other  spoils  of  victory, 
seized  and  worn  the  very  name  itself  of  the  vanquished. 

— But  this  topic  better  belongs  to  political  history.  I  have  referred 
to  it  here,  in  this  casual  way,  only  because  it  is  connected,  at  this  era, 
with  the  personal  history  of  the  subject  of  this  Memoir,  and  is  called 
up  to  our  notice  by  some  of  the  letters  of  this  period. 

3Ir.  Wirt  looked  without  regret  to  the  termination  of  his  public 
employment.    As  he  grew  older,  the  labours  of  his  office  became  more 
irksome.    He  longed  for  the  opportunity  of  a  more  exclusive  devotion 
to  his  profession.    "  In  the  arrangement  of  his  plans  for  the  future, 
his  attention  was  divided  by  a  choice  between  a  settlement  in  New 
York  or  one  in  Baltimore.     Strong  inducements  were  offered  to  him, 
in  the  representations  and  persuasions  of  friends,  to  select  the  former 
city  as  the  place  of  his  future  practice.     Other  counsels,  however, 
outweighed  those,  and  he  determined  upon  Baltimore.     Thither  he 
removed  his  family,  in  the  month  of  April,  to  make  a  permanent  home. 
His  practice  in  that  city  was  always  large,  and  was  increasing.  The 
bench  and  bar  were  very  much  to  his  liking.     He  became  intimately 
associated  with  them,  and  found  amongst  them  many  valuable  friends. 
He  had  several  times  spoken  of  them,  with  great  unction,  in  his  letters 
to  his  friend  Pope — more  than  one  of  these  letters  my  readers  have 
seen.     The  members  of  this  professional  brotherhood  were,  to  an  ex- 
tent not  usual  in  larger  communities,  social  in  their  habits,  familiar  in 
intercourse,  droll  and  sparkling  in  their  convivialities,  scrupulous  in 
professional  courtesies,  and  strongly  tinctured  with  the  exclusive  and 
racy  spirit  of  their  clique — in  all  which  points  they  presented  potent 
attractions  to  the  congenial  temper  of  their  new  associate. 

The  Baltimore  bar,  at  that  date,  exhibited  in  its  composition  a 
somewhat  remarkable  aspect.  It  had  but  very  recently  been  distin- 
guished by  an  extraordinary  assemblage  of  the  highest  order  of 
talent : — men  who,  singly,  would  have  shed  lustre  upon  any  profes- 
sional assemblage  in  the  country,  and  who,  united  on  this  theatre, 

P 


226  THE  BALTIMORE  BAR.  [1829. 

composed  a  constellation  which  attracted  universal  notice.  Luther 
Martin,  William  Pinknej,  Robert  Goodloe  Harper,  Roger  B.  Taney 
and  William  H.  Winder,  were  all  names  of  commandinjx  eminence. 
William  Wirt  came  in  amongst  these  to  add  new  radiance  to  a  galaxy 
already  of  the  brightest.  For  a  season,  they  were  all  contemporaries ; 
but  for  a  brief  season  only.  Nearly  all  these  lights  went  out  together. 
Of  the  six,  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Taney  were  all  that  remained  within 
the  year  of  Mr.  Wirt's  settlement  in  Baltimore.  A  younger  genera- 
tion stood  behind  them.  A  long  inteiTal,  we  may  say  without  depre- 
ciation of  the  merits  of  the  successors,  separated  the  present  from  the 
past.  Meredith,  Johnson,  Glenn,  McMahon,  Mayer,  and  others  kin- 
dred in  character  and  ability,  were,  comparatively,  young  men  and 
were  now  to  step  into  the  places  of  their  file-leaders  who  had  fallen  in 
the  battle  of  life.  That  column  has  since  advanced  to  occupy  an 
honom-able  ground  in  the  van  of  a  large  array  of  talent  and  worth. 
Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Taney  stood  amongst  them  and  at  their  head, — 
instructors  to  guide,  models  to  be  imitated,  gifted  with  all  qualities  to 
stimulate  the  ambition  of  generous  minds  striving  after  an  honourable 
fame.  It  could  not  be  otherwise  than  that  such  a  connection,  enoren- 
dering  love  and  reverence  from  the  one  side,  should  awaken  affection 
and  esteem,  somewhat  akin  to  that  of  fathers,  on  the  other.  To  Mr. 
Wirt,  now  no  longer  a  stranger,  this  connection  was  inexpressibly 
attractive.  He  loved  the  fellowship,  with  which  he  was  united,  and 
pursued  his  labours,  in  this  field,  with  a  cheerful  devotion  which 
showed  how  much  those  labours  were  lightened  by  the  pleasure  that 
fellowship  afforded. 

We  recur  now  to  the  letters. 

TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Washington,  February  28,  1829. 
My  dear  Friend  : 

I  never  saw  your  kind  letter  of  the  21st  till  about  ten  minutes  ago. 
It  must  have  arrived  from  the  oflSce  during  my  absence  from  my  house 
at  the  Capitol ;  and,  amongst  several  other  letters,  was  put  aside,  and 
in  the  hurry-scurry  in  which  we  are  now  passing  our  time,  forgotten 
until  accident  brought  it  to  my  view  a  few  moments  ago. 

I  would  not  have  you  believe  me  capable  of  neglecting  for  a  moment 
so  kind  a  letter  from  so  beloved  a  friend — nor  that  I  am  affecting  Lord 
Bolingbroke's  sentiment,  that  "in  my  prosperity  my  friends  shall 


Chap.  XIV.] 


THE  ATTORNEY-GENERALSHIP. 


227 


always  hear  of  me;  in  my  adversity,  never." — In  truth,  I  feel  no 
fiilversity — no  dimiuutiim  of  prosperity,  no  depression  of  spirits,  mind, 
body  or  estate;  on  the  contrary,  I  feel  that  a  barren  mountain  is 
about  to  be  taken  from  my  breast  in  this  oppressive  ofiice, — barren  of 
every  thing  but  the  mere  honour,  of  which  I  have  had  enough,  and 
which,  thank  God,  I  have  not  tarnished. 

Piukney  and  Emmett  both  died  "  with  harness  on  their  backs," — 
and  if  I  were  to  continue  to  bear  the  conjoint  burthen  of  duties  of 
Attorney-Greneral  and  private  practitioner,  I  should  probably  do  the 
same.  I  am,  therefore,  greatly  relieved  by  getting  rid  of  one-half  of 
the  burthen,  and  trust  confidently  that  I  shall  be  able  to  carry  the 
residue  with  more  glory  than  ever,  and  without  sinking  under  it.  In 
the  martial  exercises  of  Greece  and  Home,  you  know,  they  carried 
heavier  armour  than  it  was  necessary  for  them  to  bear  in  actual  war, 
that  the  latter  might  seem,  and  in  fact  be,  comparatively  light. — So  I 
hope  I  shall  find  it. 

****** 

My  wife,  on  a  full  view  of  the  whole  ground,  gives  the  preference 
to  Baltimore.  She  is  delighted  to  get  away  from  the  threatening 
storm  and  from  the  new  association  here — and  ui}-  children  are  all 
reconciled  to  it.  I  have,  thank  God,  a  happy,  innocent  and  most 
affectionate  family,  and  I  have  every  prospect  in  a  few  years  of  placing 
them  in  independent  if  not  aflflueut  circumstances.  I  am  bright  and 
buoyant  with  hope,  and  shall  meet  the  spring  of  the  year  with  all  its 
own  appropriate  gaiety  and  cheerfulness.  As  Erskine  said,  when  they 
turned  him  out  of  the  offic-e  of  Chancellor,  ''  I  am  much  obliged  to 
them,  for  they  have  given  me,  in  exchange  for  a  dog's  life,  that  of  a 
gentleman."  I  have  greater  confidence  in  that  God  who  has  never 
forsaken  me,  even  in  those  headlong  moments  of  my  life  when  I  have 
forgotten  myself; — and  in  addition  to  this,  with  so  much  on  earth  to 
cheer  and  support  me,  such  a  family,  such  friends,  I  should  be  a  poor 
wretch,  indeed,  to  despond.  God  willing,  you  shall  hear  of  me  in 
time  to  come  to  my  advantage. 

But  you  must  continue  to  write  to  me. — For  three-and-thirty  years 
your  letters  have  had  more  influence  on  me  than  those  of  any  other 
man.  Your  conversation,  your  letters,  your  friendship,  your  encou- 
ragement, have  always  acted  on  me  like  charms.  I  confess  that  I  am 
constitutionally  weak  enough  to  require  to  be  told  by  my  friends  that 
they  approve  my  course.  I  am  dog  or  cat  enough  to  love  them  to  pat 
me  on  the  head,  and  call  me  a  fine  fellow.  I  have  been  used  to  this 
sort  of  petting,  and  it  is  sweet  and  cheering  to  me.  I  believe  that  if 
they  were  all  to  quarrel  with  me,  and  break  off  from  me  without 
cause,  (and  I  will  take  care  that  it  shall  be  without  cause  if  such  a 
calamity  shall  ever  befal  me,^  I  have  pride  and  manhood  enough  to 
bear  me  up  with  a  high  head ;  but  I  should  much  prefer  not  to  be  put 
to  the  proof — and  you,  I  am  sure,  are  not  the  man  who  will  ever  for- 


228  LETTER  TO  POPE.  [1829. 

sake  me.     "We  clomb  the  hill  thcgither" — and  we  now  totter  down, 
and  will  "sleep  thegither  at  the  foot,  John  Anderson  my  Jo." 
****** 
This  is  the  last  letter  I  shall  ever  frank  to  you  as  Attorney-General. 
We  hope  to  be  established  in  Baltimore  in  April  or  May  at  the  farthest. 
Heaven  bless  and  prosper  you  ! 

Your  true  and  ever  devoted  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

TO    WILLIAM    POPE. 

WashingtoxV,  March  22,  1829. 

It  was  my  intention,  my  dear  friend,  to  write  to  you  by  JNIr.  Archer, 
but  I  was  so  much  pressed  by  the  Supreme  Court,  about  the  time  of 
the  rising  of  Congress,  that  I  could  not  find  a  moment  for  friendship. 

jMy  health  was  nearly  broken  down  at  the  commencement  of  the 
court,  for  it  followed  immediately  on  a  long  and  hard  campaign  which 
I  had  in  Baltimore,  and  the  double  duty  of  preparing  both  for  my 
public  and  private  causes.  A  short  respite  restored  me,  and  some  of 
the  hardest  forensic  battles  I  ever  fought,  have  been  since  my  reco- 
very. I  am  now  as  well  as  ever,  and  buoyant  with  even  youthful 
hope  and  expectation. 

The  office  I  have  held  for  the  last  twelve  years,  I  have  filled  with- 
out discredit  to  my  country  or  myself — I  hope  with  some  honour  to 
both.  I  leave  it  without  a  single  reproach  even  from  my  enemies  — 
if  I  have  any,  —  and  with  the  respect,  I  might  say  the  affection,  of 
the  Supreme  Court. 

******* 

The  General,  I  fear,  is  in  the  hands  of  two  or  three  most  miserable 
advisers:  —  private  and  not  official  advisers,  I  mean.  Some  of  his 
appointments  for  the  cabinet  have  astounded  the  more  enlightened 
part  of  his  political  supporters.*  One  of  them  has  been  heard  to  say 
—  "  this  is  '  the  Millennium  of  Minnows.'  "  McL.  of  Delaware  is 
reported  to  have  declared  that  his  political  life  was  closed  —  that  he 
should  resign  his  seat  in  the  Senate ; — John  Ilandolph,  that  he  should 
throw  up  his  commission  in  the  line.  I  see  that  he  has  since  declined 
a  re-election. 

*  Without  designing  to  cast  nn  injurious  reflection  upon  any  member  of 
that  cabinet,  I  am  enabled  to  maUe,  at  least,  one  exception  from  the  partial 
disparagement  implied  in  the  text,  by  the  following  extract  from  a  letter  of 
Mr.  Wirt's,  written  to  a  friend  a  short  time  before  the  organization  of  the 
cabinet — in  which  he  sa3^s,  in  speaking  of  his  prospects  of  future  practice 
in  the  Supreme  Court, — "As  to  the  Supreme  Court,  if  Jackson  appoints  a 
splendid  fellow  for  Attorney-General — ]\Ir.  Berrien,  for  example — he  will 
diminish  the  attraction  of  that  court  very  much  by  taking  away  a  great  part 
of  the  bone  of  contention." 


Chap.  XIV.]  ATTACHMENT  TO  VIRGINIA.  229 


It  is  matter  of  relief  both  to  my  family  and  myself  to  get  away 
from  such  a  scene  of  contention  and  confusion.  I  shall  feel  prouder 
and  happier  in  the  rank  of  a  private  gentleman  than  I  have  done  here 
for  the  last  four  years.         *         *  The  more  I  see  of  public  life 

the  more  sick  I  become  of  it,  and  the  more  deeply  I  am  con^^nced 
that  all  is  vanity  and  vexation  of  spirit  beyond  the  happy  domestic 
and  social  circle.  I  am  blessed  in  my  fomily,  blessed  in  my  friends : 
I  have  a  well-founded  hope  of  leaving  those  who  are  immediately  de- 
pendent on  me  provided  against  want,  and  of  dying,  as  I  have  lived, 
esteemed  and  beloved  by  those  whose  esteem  and  love  I  prize  above 
all  earthly  possessions. 

*  ***** 

I  shall  have  a  busy  summer,  for  I  have  to  argue  a  cause  in  Eoston, 
about  the  twentieth  of  June,  and  must  hurry  back  to  the  Court  of 
Appeals  in  Maryland.     I  am  not  likely  to  rust  from  inactivity. 
******* 

How  comes  on  IMontpelier  ? — Have  you  any  fun  afloat  ?  How  does 
time  sit  on  you  ?  Lightly,  I  hope,  as  ever.  Old  age  could  scarcely 
be  said  to  have  reached  you  when  I  saw  you  last  —  for  your  life  has 
been  perpetual  youth,  like  the  constant  spring  of  the  tropics,  —  fruits 
and  flowers  flourishing  on  the  same  tree  in  endless  succession. 

Thirty-one  years,  man  and  boy,  have  we  known  each  other, — and  I 
have  seen  in  you  no  variation  nor  shadow  of  turning.  Time  and  death 
seem  to  be  disarmed  by  your  kind  and  cheerful  heart,  and  are  reluctant 
to  spoil  your  sport.  May  you  flourish  in  immortal  youth,  "  unhurt 
amidst  the  M'ar  of  elements,  the  wreck  of  matter,  and  the  crush  of 
worlds!" 

******* 

Vii'ginia  will  ever  be  dear  to  my  heart,  —  settle  and  die  where  I 
may.  I  love  the  State  and  the  people.  Men  are  there  for  dearer  to 
me  than  any  others  I  can  ever  know.  They  are  such  as  I  shall  not 
encounter  again  on  this  side  of  heaven.  It  is  not  choice,  but  fortune, 
that  separates  me  from  the  State. 

*  *  *  *  *  *  # 

But  life,  my  dear  friend,  will  soon  be  over  with  us  both,  and  we 
shall  have  to  try  another  scene  of  things.  Yet,  my  spirit  does  not 
darken  at  all, —  for  God  is  merciful,  —  and  my  sins  have  been  follies, 
not  crimes. 

******* 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Mr.  Wirt  was  now  about  to  test  his  professional  reputation  upon  a 
new  and  distinguished  theatre.     In  his  letter  to  Mr.  Pope  he  an- 
VoL.  II.  —  20 


230  TRIALS  IN  PHILADELPHIA.  [1829. 

nounces,  as  we  tave  seen,  that  lie  was  engaged  to  try  a  cause  in  Boston, 
in  June.  He  was  not  altogether  unused  to  appear  before  tribunals  out 
of  the  range  of  his  ordinary  practice.  In  the  years  1826,  '27  and  '28, 
he  had  been  employed  by  the  (xovcrnment  to  aid  in  the  argument  of 
some  important  causes  in  Philadelphia,  which  had  acquired  celebrity 
throughout  the  country  from  the  magnitude  of  the  interests  involved, 
as  well  as  from  the  extraordinary  character  of  the  facts.  The  pro- 
fession will  remember  them,  when  I  say  that  they  grew  out  of  a 
seizure,  by  the  Grovernment,  of  a  cargo  of  teas  alleged  to  have  been 
irregularly  imported.  The  Attorney-General  took  a  leading  part  in 
these  trials,  and  won  for  himself  new  forensic  honours,  in  the  estima- 
tion of  the  astute  and  intelligent  bar  in  whose  forum  the  cases  had 
been  disposed  of  He  had  occasion  to  allude  to  this  in  a  letter  to  his 
friend  Pope.  Speaking  of  the  unfavourable  impression  which  had 
been  raised  against  his  professional  character  by  the  publication  of  his 
few  literary  works,  and  alluding  particularly  to  the  British  Spy  and 
the  Old  Bachelor  as  "  recreations,  written  merely  for  the  newspapers, 
in  which  they  were  first  published,"  he  said  : — "  They  have  certainly 
contributed  to  impair  my  reputation  for  strength  of  mind,  and  to  fix 
on  me  the  character  of  a  flowery  declaimer.  In  Philadelphia," — he 
added — "the  lawyers  made  no  bones  of  telling  me  that  they  expected 
only  a  siren  song,  and  had  heard  a  powerful  argument.  It  was  the 
same  thing  in  Baltimore,  when  I  first  came  here ;  and  so  it  was  in 
Washington.  So  that  I  brought  a  bad  forensic  character  with  me, 
and  I  have  been  struggling,  ever  since,  to  overcome  it  by  giving  up 
rhetoric  and  sticking  to  logic  and  to  law.  I  have  reason  to  believe 
that  I  have  succeeded,  wherever  I  have  appeared,  in  bettering  my 
character  somewhat  as  a  reasoner  and  a  lawyer." 

He  was  now  to  bring  the  opinion,  expressed  in  this  extract,  to  the 
ordeal  of  a  rigorous  criticism  in  a  distant  court,  where,  it  may  be  be- 
lieved, the  professional  judgment  was  not  likely  to  be  swayed  by  per- 
sonal favour — nor  yet  rendered  unduly  severe  by  foregone  prejudices. 
Where,  in  fact,  the  lawyer  would  be  very  likely  to  be  measured  by 
his  merits. 

The  Boston  case  in  which  he  was  employed  was  that  of  Henry 
Farnum,  administrator,  de  bonis  non,  of  Tuthill  Hubbart,  against 
Peter  C.  Brooks.     It  was  a  case  upon  a  bill  in  equity,  brought  before 


Chap.  XIV.] 


THE  COURT  IN  NEW  YORK. 


231 


the  Judges  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  State,  involving  an  investi- 
gation of  a  long  train  of  accounts,  and  as  little  likely,  perhaps,  to 
enlist  interest  beyond  that  of  the  parties  immediately  concerned  in 
the  issue,  as  any  case  on  the  docket.  Mr.  Wirt  was  employed  for  the 
plaintiff,  assisted  by  Messrs.  Nicols  and  Rand.  The  opposing  counsel 
was  Mr.  Webster,  with  Messrs.  Warner  and  Gorham  for  his  colleagues. 

This  is  an  outside  view  of  the  field  of  battle  and  of  the  array  of 
the  parties. 

Mr.  Wu-t  had  not  yet  made  himself  entirely  at  home  in  Baltimore, 
in  his  new  establishment,  before  he  set  out  on  his  journey  to  Massa- 
chusetts. As  this  visit  was  a  somewhat  notable  event  in  his  life,  and 
as  it  brought  him  many  new  and  strong  impressions,  I  shall  make  a 
free  use  of  the  letters  written,  during  his  absence,  to  his  family  and 
to  other  friends,  so  far  as  they  may  enable  me  to  present  the  more 
prominent  objects  which  occupied  his  attention  amongst  the  many 
which  contributed  to  his  gratification. 

On  the  11th  of  June  he  was  in  New  York.  Having  so  recently 
entertained  a  purpose  of  making  this  place  his  home,  his  attention 
was  naturally  drawn  here  to  the  observation  of  one  of  the  courts  in 
session.  He  had  a  day  to  spare,  and  a  friend  furnished  him  the  op- 
portunity he  desired.  Our  friends  in  New  York  will  smile  at  the 
disappointment  he  encountered.  Perhaps  things  are  better  now.  He 
writes  to  Mrs.  Wirt : — 


"Judge  Hoffman,  who  was  sitting  alone,  invited  me  on  the  bench, 
which  I  declined.  They  gave  me  a  cushioned  chair  on  the  floor.  I 
was  curious  to  see  a  New  York  court  in  operation.  It  was  an  exceed- 
ingly poor  spectacle  : — a  poor  room, — miserable  arrangements, — the 
lawyers  huddled  together  at  miserable  little  tables.  Such  a  jumble 
of  petty  confusion  I  never  saw,  even  in  the  poorest  county  court-house 
among  the  mountains  of  Virginia.  We  are  princes  in  Baltimore,  in 
the  comparison.  They  had  commenced  the  trial  of  the  cause  in  hand 
two  days  before,  beginning  at  eight  o'clock  in  the  morning  and  adjourn- 
ing two  hours  for  dinner.  They  had  resumed  tlie  session  that  afternoon 
at  five  o'clock,  and  wore  to  sit  all  night, — the  judge  said, — or  'till  the 
cause  was  ended.  They,  perhaps,  sat  last  night  'till  ten  or  eleven. 
O told  me  his  fee  would  be  one  hundred  dollars.  What  a  busi- 
ness !  I  should  expect  two  or  three  hundred,  at  least,  in  such  a  case. 
I  was  not  much  smitten  with  the  spectacle — and  less  with  the  rate  of 
fees.     So,  as  at  present  advised,  I  shall  stay  in  Baltimore." 


232 


VISIT  TO  BOSTON. 


[1829. 


TO   JUDGE   WILLIAM   H.   CABELL. 


Boston,  June  14,  1829. 
My  dear  Cabell  : 

*****  ^  * 

I  got  here  the  evening  before  last.     Boston,  seen  in  the  approach 

and  with  all  its  Revolutionary  associations,  is  the  .most  beautiful  and 

interesting  picture  I  ever  beheld.     New  York  is  not  to  compare  with 

it ;  even  our  beautiful  Richmond,  dearly  and  tenderly  as  I  love  it, 

sinks  under  the  comparison. 

I  walked  through  the  town  last  night,  with  Webster,  by  moonlight, 

and  was  quite  overwhelmed  with  the  air  of  wealth  exhibited  in  the 

vast  number  of  granite  and  brick  palaces  which  abound  through  the 

place.     We  went  to  see  the  famous  Faneuil  Hall.     How  my  breast 

swelled  at  the  recollection  of  the  scenes  enacted  there  !     Especially 

that  powerful  appeal  of  Quincy's  which  Marshall  gives  us,  beginning, 

"  Mr.  Moderator,  it  is  not  the  spirit  that  vapours  within  these  walls," 

&c.     Do  read  that  speech,  and  tell  me  if  it  does  not  beat  Logan  in 

eloquence. — 

— There  go  the  church-bells !     What  a  number,  and  variety  of 

note,  and  distance,  from  every  quarter  of  the  town  !     It  is  a  famous 

place  for  bells  and  music  of  all  kinds,  from  Yankee  Doodle  to  Old 

Hundred. 


*  •>:-  ic-  -x-  -x- 

This  is  certainly  the  most  hospitable  place  in  the  world. 


I  arrived 


here  two  evenings  ago  at  six,  when  visiters  began 


to  call,  and  con- 


tinued to  do  so  after  I  went  to  bed.  All  yesterday  they  were  coming, 
^till  I  had  to  say  at  the  bar,  I  was  not  at  home.  Then  came  cards 
and  invitations  to  dinner  and  evening  parties. 

"  What  am  I  to  do  with  all  these,  Mr.  F.  ?  (my  client.)  How  am 
I  to  answer  all  these  invitations  V — -"  You  will  please  to  say,  sir,  that 
you  are  private  property  'till  my  cause  is  over."  I  took  him  at  his 
word,  and  wrote  that  as  my  apology,  which  I  showed  him.  ''  Very 
well,  sir," — said  he — "I  will  endorse  it." 

To  day  is  Sunday,  but  visiters  are  still  calling. 


■K- 


* 


They  must  wait  until  I  have  done  with  this  cause.  It  is  an  old 
insurance  account,  of  forty  years  standing,  and  I  am  following  the 
explanations  of  one  of  the  truest-nosed  beagles  that  ever  was  put 
upon  a  cold  trail.  He  is  a  fine  fellow,  as  true  as  a  rifle ;  and  it  is 
quite  a  curiosity  to  see  him  threading  these  old  mazes. — I  shall  have 
a  hard  heat  in  the  cause.  The  trial  commences  on  Tuesday.  I  am 
brought  here  to  combat  Webster  on  his  own  arena — and  I  think  I 
shall  gain  the  day,  which  will  be  a  great  triumph.     Having  grappled 


Chap.  XIV.] 


TRIAL  OF  HIS  CASE  THERE. 


233 


witli  my  adversary  before,  I  know  bis  strengtb  and  all  bis  trips. — It 
is  a  good  way  towards  victory  to  feel  undaunted.  ^ly  bealtb  and 
spirits  are  uncommonly  good. 

****** 

Yours,  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


TO    MRS.    WIRT. 

June  15,  1829. 
****** 
"  Everybody  is  exceedingly  kind.  —  I  bave  not  returned  a  single 
visit  yet,  except  Blake's  and  Webster's.     Webster  receives  and  treats 
me  witb  a  kindness  and  cordiality  tbat  cannot  be  exceeded.     Dabney 
Carr  bimself  could  not  receive  me  witb  more  assiduous  attentions. 
His  manner  is  plain,  warm,  and  cordial,  witbout  parade.     He  is  iu 
my  room  two  or  tbree  times  a  day.     Otis  bas  been  twice  witb  me, 
pressing  me  to  dine  witb  bim.     Judge  Story  insists  tbat  I  must  go 
to  Salem  to  see  bim.     My  cause  begins  to-morrow,  and  will  last  a 
week.    I  bave  been  employed  in  anotber  case  in  tbe  Supreme  Court.* 
****** 


* 


June  21. 
* 


"  Our  adversaries  opened  tbeir  case  yesterday  in  a  speecb  of  six 
bours. 

****** 

"  I  bave  an  exceedingly  tougb  cause  of  it.     Tbe  court,  I  fear,  is 
against  us.     Tbe  case  is  intrinsically  very  difficult,  complicated,  and 
extensive,  and  is  a  very  severe  task.    I  am  pursuing  it  witb  great  labour. 
****** 

"  Wbat  sball  I  say  of  tbese  people,  from  wbose  kind  bospitalities 
I  bave  to  beg  for  qviartcr  till  my  cause  is  over  I  bave  never  received 
sucb  a  profusion  of  attentions  anywbere  in  my  life.  I  bave  not  yet 
returned  a  visit  nor  accepted  an  invitation.  I  must  stay  two  or  tbree 
days,  after  my  argument  is  ended,  to  give  some  evidence  of  my  grati- 
tude, at  least,  by  returning  my  visits.  And  I  must  run  down  to  Salem 
to  see  Judge  Story. 

****** 

"  Webster  speaks  to-morrow  in  tbis  great  cause.  I,  on  Tuesday, 
I  suppose.  Mr.  Adams  is  bourly  expected.  I  must  go  to  see  bim 
at  Quincy." 

****** 


*  He  was  retained  at  this  time  in  the  Warren  Bridge  case. 

20* 


234 


THE  TRIAL. 


[1S29. 


June  28. 


* 


* 


"  I  have  told  you  how  kind  Webster  has  been  to  me.  He  praises 
my  speech.  '  Our  people  thought  highly  of  you/  —  he  told  me  — 
'  but  they  had  no  idea  of  your  strength.  The  judges  have  spoken  on 
the  subject,  and  expressed  their  gi-atification.  You  will  carry  back  a 
far  higher  reputation  than  you  brought  with  you.  You  have  taken 
wonderfully  with  all  our  people/  &c.,  &c.  All  this  was  so  warmly 
and  earnestly  said,  that  it  made  me  love  him.  I  thank  God  for 
bringing  me  safely  out  of  what  I  thought  a  most  trying  situation.  I 
went  to  court  on  "Wednesday  with  more  despair  than  I  ever  entered 
a  court-room  in  my  life.  I  would  have  given  any  sum  in  my  power, 
never  to  have  come  to  Boston.  I  was  worn  out  by  the  week's  trial, 
prostrate,  nerveless :  and  so  crowded  was  the  room  with  ladies  and 
gentlemen,  that  I  could  scarcely  get  in.  You  would  have  pitied  me, 
if  you  had  seen  my  sinking  heart.  And  yet,  in  a  speech  of  five 
hours  I  was  never  better  satisfied  with  myself.  Such  vociferous 
plaudits ! 

****** 

"  When  I  had  finished,  Mr.  Brooks,  who  was  the  defendant  against 
whom  I  had  been  trying  the  cause,  came  to  me  at  the  bar,  and,  taking 
my  hand,  spoke  to  me  in  the  kindest  terms,  expressing  his  high  satis- 
faction at  my  demeanour  towards  him  during  the  trial.  His  friends 
have  been  amongst  the  most  attentive  persons  to  me.  JMy  clients,  on 
the  other  hand,  are  delighted." 

****** 


Mr.  Wirt  remained  in  Boston  several  days  after  this  trial.  His 
sojourn  there  was  marked  by  every  manifestation  of  kindness  which 
the  well-known  hospitality  of  the  city  could  supply.  The  newspapers 
were  full  of  encomium  of  his  eloquence,  his  legal  learning,  his  exalted 
professional  deportment.  Every  honour  that  could  be  showered  upon 
a  private  citizen,  by  private  courtesies,  was  heaped  upon  him.  These 
demonstrations  of  esteem  very  sensibly  afiected  him.  It  was  the  first 
opportunity  he  had  ever  enjoyed  to  witness  and  appreciate  the  high 
cultivation,  refinement  and  elegance,  and  especially  the  genial  social 
virtues,  of  New  England.  We  have  seen,  in  the  earlier  pages  of  these 
memoirs,  what  crude  and  false  notions  he  had  adopted,  in  regard  to 
the  characteristics  of  the  people  of  the  North.  He  then  spoke  in  the 
language  of  that  absurd  prejudice  which  was  almost  universal,  south 
of  the  Potomac,  in  its  tone  of  depreciation  of  a  people  whose  many  ad- 
mirable qualities,  both  as  communities  and  individuals,  were  strangely 


Chap.  XIV.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


235 


unknown  to  ninety-nine  out  of  a  hundred  of  tlioso  who  passed  judg- 
ment upon  them. 

His  few  journeys,  of  late  years,  into  New  England,  had  disclosed 
to  him  how  little  he  had  understood  the  character  of  this  great  and 
prosperous  community,  and  had,  as  might  have  heen  expected,  en- 
tirely dissipated  those  illiberal  conceptions  in  regard  to  it  which  had 
so  long  retained  their  ground  in  the  Southern  States ; — which,  indeed,  /  Y ; 
are  not  yet  wholly  eradicated.  The  present  visit  to  Boston  had  given 
him  further  insight  into  the  texture  of  this  society.  It  had  opened 
to  him  a  near  view  of  a  community  which,  whether  considered  in  its 
political  structure,  or  in  its  social  or  individual  elements,  is  unsur- 
passed— perhaps,  we  may  say,  unequalled  in  the  world. 

He  retm-ned  to  Maryland,  if  not  a  wiser  and  better  man,  by  the 
experiences  of  his  joui-ney,  certainly  better  furnished  by  them  with 
pleasant  recollections  and  delightful  pictures,  with  which  to  recreate 
and  delight  his  mind  for  the  remainder  of  his  life.  The  scenery,  the 
historical  associations,  the  people,  the  pursuits  of  New  England,  and 
the  elegant  hospitality  of  Boston,  fascinated  his  imagination,  and  be- 
came the  constant  themes  of  praise  to  his  friends. 

In  the  first  moments  of  his  leisure,  after  reaching  Maryland,  he 
wrote  the  following  letter,  which  recurs  to  the  visit  in  a  tone  of  self- 
gratulation,  appropriate  only  to  the  ear  of  friendship ;  but  the  more 
worth}',  on  that  account,  of  our  perusal. 

TO  JUDGE   CARR. 

Annapolis,  August  3,  1829. 
?.Iy  dear  Friend  : 

I  write  without  being  certain  where  this  letter  will  find  you.*  But 
I  shall  direct  to  "Winchester  at  a  hazard.  The  date  will  inform  you 
that  I  am  not  quite  so  much  of  a  freeman  as  you  are  5  for  I  am  here 
engaged  in  a  tough  controversy  between  tlie  Chesapeake  and  Ohio 
Canal  and  the  Hail  Koad  Company  of  Baltimore.  We  have  now 
been  at  it  for  a  fortnic-ht.  *  *  *  So  that  here  am  I, 

in  the  tug  of  war,  this  hoj;  weather  —  while  you,  "  recubans  sub  teg- 


*  Judge  Carr,  as  we  have  seen,  was  now  a  resident  of  Richmond,  but  as 
he  had  many  friends  in  Winchester,  where  he  had  dwelt  so  long,  he  was 
still  in  the  habit  of  spending  a  part  of  each  summer  in  that  section  of 
Virginia. 


236 


HIS  SUCCESS  IN  BOSTON. 


[1829. 


minefagi,"  are  quaffing  the  mountain  breezes — and  probably  Bedford 


water — and,  for  aught  I  know, 


"Formosam  resonare  doces  Amaryllida  silvas," 

that  is,  if  there  be  an  Amaryllis  amongst  your  grand-children. 

But  I  (:an  envy  you  no  happiness,  my  dear  friend.    My  only  reoret 
is  that  I  cannot  share  it  with  you. 


Sometimes  I  begin  to  think  that  labour-  is  going  harder  with  me 
than  it  used  to  do,  in  our  younger  days.  But  when  I  come  to  think 
more  closely  and  candidly  of  the  matter,  I  am  obliged  to  confess  that 
labour  did  always  go  hard  with  me,  and  that  it  liked  me  not.  I  was 
even  with  it  —  for  I  liked  it  not,  which,  I  believe,  means  the  same 
thing.  The  only  difference  is,  that  I  am  more  tired  of  work  than  I 
was  in  the  beginning.  Not  that  my  fiieulties  are  impaired,  but  that 
it  seems  to  me  now  very  much  like  "  the  dog  returning,"  ko.  I  do 
not  say  "the  sow  returning  to  her  wallowing  in  the  mire"  —  because 
she  always  does  so  con  mnorc. 

I  find  that  there  is  much  more  trouble  and  less  pleasure  in  support- 
ing a  reputation  than  in  gaining  it.  In  gaining  it,  there  is  nothing 
behind  at  stake.  An  obscure  young  man  cannot  lose,  but  may  gain, 
and  all  is  bright  and  alluring  in  the  prospect.  But  when  a  man  has 
reached  his  summit,  he  puts  his  all  at  stake  at  every  cast  of  the  die. 
A  single  failure,  it  is  true,  may  not  hurt  him  amongst  those  where 
he  is  well  known,  as  it  will  be  set  down  to  accident.  But  it  is  differ- 
ent when  one  goes  to  a  new  place  —  as  I  have  lately  done,  in  my  trip 
to  Boston. 

My  chief  comfort  in  that  expedition  was  that  I  believed  I  was 
regarded  in  the  North  generally,  as  little  more  than  a  florid  declaimer, 
and  that,  if  I  made  a  creditable  exhibition  of  good  reasoning  powers, 
I  should  save  myself  and  come  off  very  well.  So,  in  the  argument  of 
my  case,  I  reasoned  as  dry  as  a  seasoned  stick.  But  there  was  some- 
thing in  my  manner,  perhaps,  to  which  they  were  not  accustomed,  and 
my  dry  stick  was  thought  to  be  a  budding  and  flowering  rod,  like  the 
wand  of  Aaron.     That  opinion  brought  me  off  with 'flying  colours. 

Have  you  seen  any  of  the  hundred  puffs  they  gave  me  in  the 
papers  ?  But,  if  you  had  seen  them  all,  it  would  hardly  have  given 
you  a  just  idea  of  the  regard  which  was  shown  me.  You  know  I  have 
never  had  an  ambition  to  be  set  up  for  a  lion.  Yet  they  seemed  to 
think  me  such  an  animal,  and  treated  me  accordingly,  until  I  was 
absolutely  ashamed  of  myself.  « 

*  *  *  .  *  *  * 

Still,  as  there  would  have  been  an  apparent  vanity  in  showing  my- 
self conscious  of  the  light  in  which  they  regarded  me,  I  could  offer  no 
resistance. 


Chap.  XIV.]        MASSACHUSETTS  AND  VIRGINIA.  237 

If  I  were  to  tell  you  one-half  the  fine  things  that  were  said  to  me, 
and  of  me,  in  my  hearing,  you  would  think  me  the  vainest  dog  extant. 
Yet  I  know  how  much  gratified  you  arc  to  hear  me  praised. 

:(c  *  *  ^  >i;  :f:  :(: 

Now,  after  all  this,  you  will  not  be  much  surprised  to  learn,  that  I 
think  the  people  of  Boston  amongst  the  most  agreeable  in  the  United 
States.  I  suppose  their  kindness  to  me  may  have  some  efi'ect  on  ni}'' 
judgment; — but,  divesting  myself  of  this,  as  much  as  possible,  I  say 
they  are  warm-hearted,  as  kind,  as  frank,  as  truly  hospitable  as  the 
Vii'ginians  themselves.  In  truth,  they  are  Virginians  in  all  the  essen- 
tials of  character.  They  speak  and  pronounce  as  we  do,  and  their 
sentiments  are  very  much  in  the  same  strain.  Their  literary  improve- 
ment, as  a  mass,  is  much  superior  to  ours.  I  expected  to  find  them 
cold,  shy  and  suspicious.  I  found  them,  on  the  contrary,  open,  i)lay- 
ful  and  generous.  They  have  no  foreign  mixture  among  them, — but 
are  the  native  population,  the  original  English  and  their  descendants. 
In  this,  too,  they  resemble  the  people  of  Virginia,  and,  I  think,  are 
identical  with  them.  They  are,  in  republican  principle  and  integrity, 
among  the  soundest,  if  not  the  very  soundest  of  the  people  of  the 
United  States. — Would  to  Heaven  the  people  of  Virginia  and  Massa- 
chusetts, knew  each  other  better !  What  a  host  of  absurd  and  repul- 
sive prejudices  would  that  knowledge  put  to  flight !  How  would  it 
tend  to  consolidate  the  Union,  threatened,  as  it  is,  with  so  many 
agents  of  dissolution  ! — My  heart  is  set  on  bringing  about  this  know- 
ledge. How  shall  I  effect  it  ?  If  I  write  I  shall  be  known,  and  be 
supposed  to  have  been  bought  by  a  little  kindness  and  flattery.  *  * 
I  believe  the  prejudices  are  all  on  our  side.  The  people  of  the  North 
resent  what  they  suppose  to  be  the  injustice  of  Southern  opinion.  Let 
them  have  reason  to  believe  that  we  regard  them  with  respect  and 
kindness,  and  they  will  not  be  slow  to  give  us  theirs.  I  found  it  so 
in  my  own  person. — And  so,  I  believe  it  will  be  found  by  every  man 
of  sense  from  the  South  who  visits  them.  What  a  fool  have  I  been 
to  join  in  these  vulgar  prejudices  against  tlie  Yankees  !  We  judged 
them  by  their  pedlers.  It  would  be  as  just  if  they  were  to  judge  us 
by  our  black-legs. 

I  look  upon  your  situation  with  great  pleasure.  In  the  retrospect, 
you  have,  to  be  sm-e,  losses  and  privations  to  mourn, — but  these  are 
inseparable  from  the  lot  of  life ;  and  grief  for  the  past  is  unavailing. 
Looking  to  the  present,  how  happy  is  your  situation !  What  an 
honoured  retreat  have  you  found  for  your  age  !  A  respected  Judge  of 
the  highest  court  of  the  State, — your  daughters  happily  settled, — your 
own  circumstances  at  ease, — your  ambition,  I  presume,  satisfied. 
What  a  quiet  and  honourable  haven  ! — and  most  richly  deserved, — 
"an  it  were  a  thousand  times  greater."     Nor,  can  I  complain.     I 


238  POINTS  OF  RESEMBLANCE.  [1829. 

have  gained  all  and  more  than  all  the  distinction  I  have  deserved,  I 
am  now  in  the  worldly  eye  at  the  top  of  my  profession, — and  in  a 
swimming  practice.  What  gi'atifics  me  most  is  that  I  am  accounted 
an  honest  and  virtuous  man.  This  is  the  crown  of  old  •  age.  With 
the  blessing  of  Heaven,  my  sun  shall  set  without  a  spot. 

w  TT"  tF  ^  ^  ^  ^F 

I  have  sometimes  thought  that  with  prudence,  industry  and  exer- 
tion, I  might  have  earned  a  higher  reputation  in  literature,  and  written 
something  worthy  of  preservation.  The  Boston  people  say,  in  their 
newspapers,  that  my  writings  do  not  afford  an  advantageous  view  of 
my  taste  and  talents.  They  are  probably  right.  But  this  is  the  fault 
of 'haste  and  indiscretion.  I  ought  either  never  to  have  written,  or  to 
have  written  more  carefully.  But  enough  of  mj-self,  and  of  every- 
thing else,  at  present.     My  best  love  to  your  household. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


In  a  letter  to  his  friend  Pope,  soon  after  this,  ]Mr.  Wirt  gave  him  a 
long  account  of  his  journey  and  its  incidents ;  and  took  occasion  to 
expatiate  upon  that  topic  which  seems  so  much  to  have  engrossed  his 
thoughts  at  this  time, — the  resemblance  between  the  native  population 
of  Virginia  and  that  of  Massachusetts.  This  resemblance  has  often 
been  noticed  by  others.  The  reader  may  be  amused  with  some  illus- 
trations of  it  given  in  this  letter. 

"I  am,  by  no  means,  prepared  to  admit" — he  remarks — "that  the 
comparison  would  be  against  New  England,  in  regard  to  this  same 
delicate  tact  and  refinement  of  manners.  Let  me  give  you  two  anec- 
dotes which  will  show  you  the  deportment  of  each  of  the  sexes. — 

"Do  you  remember  Bishop  Madison,  formerly  the  Pi-esident  of 
William  and  Mary  ?  You  will  remember  his  gentleness  of  spirit,  and 
the  kindness  and  courtesy  of  his  address.  You  have  never  seen  him 
recover  himself  from  one  of  those  embarrassments  into  which  his 
affability  sometimes  betrayed  him,  with  more  delicacy  and  address 
than  President  Quincy  of  Harvard  did  on  the  occasion  I  am  about  to 
relate.  He  happened,  when  I  made  him  a  visit,  to  ask  me  in  what 
college  I  had  graduated.  I  was  obliged  to  admit  that  I  had  never 
been  a  student  of  any  college.  A  shade  of  embarrassment,  scarcely 
perceptible,  just  flitted  across  his  countenance  —  but  he  recovered  in 
an  instant,  and  added  most  gracefully  — '  upon  my  word,  you  furnish 
a  very  strong  argument  against  the  utility  of  a  college  education.'  — 


Chap.  XIV.]  ANECDOTES.  239 

Was  not  tliis  neatly  said,  and  very  mucli  in  the  style  of  Bishop  Madi- 


son? 


"  The  other  story  will  be  more  to  your  liking.  In  a  large  and  pro- 
miscuous assemblage  of  ladies  who  formed,  for  several  days,  a  portion 
of  the  auditory  in  the  court-room,  I  was  struck  with  the  beauty  and 
intelligence  of  one  who  sat  immediately  before  me.  She  conversed 
occasionally  with  a  gentleman  near  her,  and  her  movements  were  as 
graceful  as  her  eyes  were  intelligent.  A  few  days  afterwards,  I  found 
myself  in  company  with  her  at  dinner.  Her  conversation  confirmed 
and  even  surpassed  my  prepossessions.  She  reminded  me  continually 
of  Maria  IM.  in  her  best  days ; — the  same  graceful  manners,  the  same 
spirit  and  piquancy  in  her  remarks.  The  last  evening  I  spent  in 
company  in  Boston,  was  at  her  house.  She  had  a  little  circle  around 
her,  of  which  she  was  the  soul,  and  '  the  hours  flew  on  angels'  wings.' 
When  we  were  about  to  retire,  I  asked  her  to  permit  me  to  take  leave 
of  her  in  our  Virginia  feshion,  by  a  shake  of  the  hand.  She  gave 
me  her  hand  with  great  animation ;  it  had  a  glove  on.  When  I  had 
reached  the  door  she  came  briskly  to  me  again  —  saying  '  we  did  not 
shake  hands  in  the  right  way,  Mr.  AVirt,  —  I  had  my  glove  upon  my 
hand.'  And  she  offered  me  the  same  hand  again  ungloved,  and  snow- 
white  ;  and  so  —  I  took  it  and  kissed  it,  with  all  the  devotion  proper 
to  fifty  years.  My  friend  B.  who  accompanied  me,  who  is  about  my 
age,  but  with  the  disadvantage  of  being  a  single  man,  said  — '  Now, 
madam,  you  must  shake  hands  with  me.'    And  he  off'ered  to  take  the 

hand  which  had  been  profiered  to  me.     '  Not  that,  Mr.  B ,'  said 

she,  presenting  him  the  other  with  its  glove.  Is  not  that  Maria  M. 
over  again — and  Virginia,  besides  ?  You  should  have  seen  the  gaiety, 
grace  and  sensibility  which  accompanied  the  action,  and  which  threw 
such  a  charm  over  it." 


CHAPTER  XV. 

1830. 

MR.  WIRT   EMPLOYED   AS    COUNSEL   FOR   JUDGE    PECK   ON   HIS   IM- 
PEACHMENT.  ENGAGED    FOR    THE    CHEROKEES. HISTORY    OP 

THE    CHEROKEE    CASE. CORRESPONDENCE     IN    REGARD    TO    IT 

WITH    MR.    MADISON    AND    JUDGE    CARR. IS    ASSAILED    IN    THE 

PAPERS    FOR  TAKING  A  PART  IN  THIS  CASE. HIS  VIEWS  OF  HIS 

DUTY  IN  REFERENCE    TO    IT. PRESENTED  AS  A.  CANDID  ATE    FOR 

THE  HOUSE  OF  REPRESENTATIVES. ADDRESS  TO  THE   STUDENTS 

OF    RUTGERS    COLLEGE. ADDRESS    IN    BALTIMORE    ON  OCCASION 

OF  THE  FRENCH  REVOLUTION  OF  JULY. 

Mr.  Wirt  was  now  employed  as  counsel  in  two  causes  which, 
during  the  present  and  the  ensuing  year,  largely  attracted  the  public 
attention.  One  of  these  was  the  impeachment  of  Judge  Peck  by  the 
House  of  Ptepresentativcs.  The  other  was  the  celebrated  Cherokee 
case  which  occupied  so  conspicuous  a  place  in  the  debates  of  Con- 
gress, and  which,  more  than  once,  found  its  way  into  the  Supreme 
Court. 

The  controversy  between  the  State  of  Georgia  and  the  Cherokee 
tribe  of  Indians  fills  an  eventful  page  in  the  political  history  of  this 
period.  It  is  memorable  for  its  excitements,  its  influence  upon  the 
feelings  of  a  large  section  of  the  Union,  and  for  the  extraordinary 
proceedings  to  which  it  gave  rise. 

The  Cherokees  were  a  large  and  powerful  tribe,  who  occupied  a 
tract  of  country  which  embraced  a  portion  of  the  territory  now  lying 
within  the  limits  of  Georgia,  North  and  South  Carolina,  Tennessee 
and  Alabama.  There  they  had  dwelt  from  time  immemorial,  a  war- 
like and  independent  nation. 

Before  and  during  the  war  of  the  revolution,  they  were  engaged  in 
frequent  hostilities  against  the  white  population  of  the  neighbouring 
states.     In  the  course  of  these  hostilities  they  were  subject  to  severe 

(240) 


Chap.  XV.]        HISTORY  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


241 


reprisals.  On  one  notable  occasion,  a  combined  attack  was  made  upon 
them  by  the  troops  of  North  and  South  Carolina  and  Virginia.  They 
were  driven  from  their  habitations,  several  of  their  villages  were  burnt, 
and  a  portion  of  their  territory  occupied  by  the  assailants,  who  made 
their  possession  sure  by  the  erection  of  fortifications.  This  invasion 
led  to  the  negotiation  of  treaties,  by  which  the  tribe  acknowledged 
the  conquest,  and  ceded  to  the  states,  within  whose  chartered  limits 
their  territory  \aj,  the  lands  which  were  thus  conquered  from  them. 
These  treaties  were  negotiated  in  1777.  That  which  concerned 
Georgia  and  South  Carolina,  known  as  the  treaty  of  "  Dewitt's  Cor- 
ner," was  made  by  commissioners  duly  appointed  by  those  two  states 
respectively.  I  have  referred  to  this  treaty,  because  it  is  said  to  be 
an  authentic  foundation  to  the  claim  of  Georgia  over  a  part  of  the 
Indian  territory.* 

The  result  of  this  invasion  and  of  the  treaties  which  ensued,  was 
to  force  the  tribe  into  the  more  southern  region,  and  to  increase  their 
numbers  within  what  was  then  embraced  by  the  Georgia  charter. 

After  this  treaty,  that  portion  of  the  tribe  which  still  remained  ou 
the  conquered  territory,  it  was  affirmed,  held  their  occupancy  only  in 
subordination  to  the  authority  of  the  states  within  whose  borders  they 

were. 

In  the  year  1785,  the  old  Confederation  negotiated,  with  these  In- 
dians, the  treaty  of  Hopewell.  This  was  a  treaty  which  terminated  a 
war.  It  stipulated  for  an  exchange  of  prisoners ;  established  a  species 
of  guardianship  over  the  tribe ;  bound  the  Federal  Government  to 
protect  the  tribe  against  the  intrusion  of  the  whites,  and  finally  con- 
ferred upon  the  tribe  the  pri\ilege,  if  they  chose  to  exercise  it,  of 
sending  a  deputy  to  Congress. 

Georgia  protested  against  this  treaty, — holding  that  the  Confedera- 
tion was  not  competent  to  treat  with  Indians  within  the  State  limits. 
The  subject  of  this  protest  was  considered  by  Congress.  It  was  de- 
cided against  the  State,  and  Georgia  ac(iuiesced. 

After  the  Constitution  of  the  Union  was  adopted.  General  Wash- 


•  The  opponents  of  the  Georgia  claim  have  denied,  it  is  proper  to  say, 
that  any  portion  of  the  land  ceded  by  the  treaty  of  Dewitt's  Corner,  lay 
within  the  chartered  limits  of  that  State.  They  described  it  as  entirely 
within  the  boundaries  of  South  Carolina. 


Vol.  it.— 21 


Q 


242  THE  TREATIES.  [1830. 

ington  negotiated,  in  1791,  the  treaty  of  Holston  -witli  these  same 
Indians.  This  was,  like  the  former,  a  treaty  of  peace  and  friendship. 
It  was  also  a  treaty  of  limits  and  cession.  It,  more  explicitly  than 
the  former  treaty,  bound  the  Government  to  the  duty  of  protection 
and  guardianship  over  these  primitive  people.  It  announced  the 
strong  desire  of  the  Government  to  see  them  advance  in  civilization, — 
"  to  become  herdsmen  and  cultivators,  instead  of  remaining  in  the 
state  of  hunters,"  and  engaged  to  furnish  them  implements  of  hus- 
bandry. An  important  article  of  this  treaty  "  solemnly  guaranteed 
to  the  Cherokee  nation  all  their  lands  not  therein  ceded." 

In  due  succession,  in  a  course  of  more  than  thirty  years  from  the 
date  of  this  treaty,  thirteen  other  treaties  have  been  ratified  by  the 
Federal  Government  with  the  same  tribe.  They  exhibit  frequent 
cessions  of  territory  by  the  Indians,  and  contain  repeated  recognitions 
of  the  obligations  of  the  treaty  of  Holston  and  renewals  of  the 
guarantee.  The  cessions  of  land  made  by  these  treaties,  have  gene- 
rally enured  to  the  special  benefit  of  Georgia.  From  time  to  time, 
she  has  found  portions  of  her  chartered  domain  thus  disembarrassed 
of  her  Indian  population. 

Georgia  originally  comprehended  within  the  limits  of  her  charter, 
all  that  tract  of  country  which  now  constitutes  the  states  of  Alabama 
and  Mississippi.  This  territory  the  State  ceded  to  the  United  States 
in  the  year  1802.  The  cession  was  made,  amongst  others,  upon  two 
conditions.  The  first,  that  the  United  States  should,  at  their  own 
expense,  extinguish,  for  the  use  of  Georgia,  the  Indian  title  to  her 
lands,  within  the  remaining  limits,  '^  as  soon  as  it  could  be  done  peace- 
ably and  on  reasonable  terms."  The  other  condition  was,  that  the 
states  to  be  formed  out  of  the  ceded  territory  should  conform  to  all 
the  articles  of  the  ordinance  of  1787,  excepting  that  one  relating  to 
slavery.  The  third  article  of  this  ordinance  enacts,  "  that  the  utmost 
good  faith  shall  always  be  observed  towards  the  Indians;  their  lands 
and  property  shall  never  be  taken  from  them  without  their  consent ; 
and,  in  their  property,  rights  and  liberty,  they  shall  never  be  invaded 
or  disturbed,  unless  in  just  and  lawful  wars  authorized  by  Congress : 
but  laws,  founded  in  justice,  shall,  from  time  to  time,  be  made  for 
preventing  wrongs  done  to  them,  and  for  preserving  peace  and  friend- 
ship with  them." 


Chap.  XV.] 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


243 


We  may  pause  in  this  narrative  to  remark  that,  up  to  this  stage  the 
case  discloses  the  following  points  as  settled  between  the  parties  to 
these  transactions : 

1st.  That  Georgia,  in  1777,  regarded  the  Cherokecs  so  for  an  in- 
dependent tribe,  as  to  open  treaty  negotiations  with  them  for  tlie 
cession  of  territory  which  the  State  then  occupied  by  military  force 
and  claimed  by  right  of  conquest. 

2d.  That,  in  1785,  the  State  objected  to  the  right  of  the  old  Con- 
federation to  treat  with  Indians  within  her  chartered  limits,  claiming 
that  to  be  her  own  exclusive  prerogative; — which  objection  was  over- 
ruled by  Congress,  and  the  decision  acquiesced  in  by  Georgia. 

od.  That  from  this  date,  and  after  the  Constitution  was  adopted, 
treaties  manifold  were  made  with  this  tribe  of  Indians  by  the  General 
Government,  without  dissent  or  protest  from  Georgia.  Which  treaties 
mainly  enured  to  the  benefit  of  Georgia ;  guaranteed  full  protection 
to  the  Indians,  in  the  enjoyment  of  their  lands;  were  made,  in  part, 
with  the  agency  of  Georgia  in  the  national  Senate ;  and  were,  by  the 
Constitution,  the  Supreme  law  of  the  land. 

4th.  That  Georgia,  in  1802,  surrendered  to  the  United  States  a 
large  tract  of  country  on  which  these  Indians  resided,  with  an  express 
and  careful  provision,  in  their  behalf,  that  the  utmost  good  faith  should 
be  observed  towards  them,  and  that  neither  their  lands  nor  property 
should  be  taken  from  them  without  their  own  consent,  nor  their  rights 
be  ever  invaded  or  disturbed. 

5th.  That  the  United  States  and  Georgia  agreed  by  formal  compact, 
at  this  date,  that  the  former  should  extinguish  the  Indian  title  in  the 
lands  of  the  latter,  as  soon  as  it  could  peaceably  be  done  on  reason- 
able terms, — thus  pointedly  stipulating  for  the  exercise  of  the  treaty 
power  of  the  Union  with  the  tribe. 

These  proceedings  would  seem  to  establish  conclusively  the  two 
great  principles  which  were  to  control  the  decision  of  the  controversy. 
The  one,  that  the  right  of  occupancy  belonged  to  the  Indians,  and 
never  could  be  terminated  without  their  consent.  The  other,  that  the 
Federal  Government  alone  had  control  over  the  subject. 

So  far,  the  case  may  be  said  to  present  no  difficulty.  Its  embarrass- 
ments arose  in  the  subsequent  stages  of  its  history. 

The  Government  had  undertaken,  by  the  compact  of  1802,  to  ex- 


244  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE.  [1830. 

linguisli  the  Indian  title  for  the  benefit  of  Georgia.  To  the  perform- 
ance of  this  stipulation  there  was  no  limit  of  time,  but  there  was  a 
clear  obligation  to  use  all  proper  and  reasonable  exertions  to  that  end, 
and,  particularly  to  abstain  from  doing  anything  that  might  impede  or 
frustrate  it. 

From  an  early  period  after  this  compact,  the  scheme  of  providing  a 
new  territory  beyond  the  limits  of  the  states,  for  the  final  settlement 
of  the  Indian  tribes,  was  more  or  less  distinctly  announced.  In  1808— '9 
Mr.  Jeiferson  had  this  subject  before  him,  in  a  proposition  to  establish 
a  portion  of  this  Cherokee  tribe  west  of  the  Mississippi.  This  sug- 
gestion gradually  expanded,  and  it  finally  assumed  the  shape  of  an 
organized  and  broad  scheme  of  policy  under  the  administration  of  Mr. 
Monroe.  Large  tracts  were  purchased,  beyond  the  frontier  of  the 
states  towards  the  borders  of  Mexico,  and  suitable  provision  was  made 
for  the  transfer  of  the  tribes  to  this  region.  In  1817,  one-half  of  this 
tribe  of  Cherokees,  induced  by  the  persuasions  and  influence  of  the 
Grovernment,  emigrated  beyond  the  Arkansas,  and  there  established 
themselves  upon  a  favourable  location  under  circumstances  altogether 
auspicious  to  their  comfort  and  welfare. 

This  removal  and  settlement  of  the  Indians,  upon  a  teri'itory  adapted 
to  their  wants  and  free  from  the  possibility  of  future  annoyance  from 
the  claims  of  jurisdiction  by  the  states,  will  always  be  regarded  as  a 
measure  which  reflects  the  highest  honour  upon  the  wisdom  and 
humanity  of  the  nation. 

In  the  case  of  the  Cherokee  tribe  residing  within  the  limits  of 
Georgia,  we  have  to  notice  a  very  remarkable  fact,  to  which  we  may 
trace  all  the  difiiculties  which  have  beset  that  subject.  Whilst  the 
Government  liberally  and  carefully  pursued  its  policy  of  removal  with 
nearly  every  other  tribe  of  Indians  in  other  states,  it  seemed  to  have 
almost  entirely  lost  sight  of  its  engagement  with  Georgia,  and  to  have 
devoted  itself  with  a  somewhat  conspicuous  assiduity,  to  the  labour  of 
rendering  the  removal  of  those  people  from  that  state,  almost  an  im- 
possible achievement.  A  steady,  and,  in  any  other  circumstances,  it 
would  be  entitled  to  be  called,  a  most  laudable  effort,  was  made  to 
promote  the  civilization,  and,  with  it,  the  permanent  establishment  of 
these  Indians  upon  the  soil  which  they  now  inhabited.  They  were 
encouraged  to  abandon  their  hunter  state  and  to  devote  themselves  to 


Chap.  XV.] 


REMOVAL  OF  THE  INDIANS. 


245 


tillage  and  husbandry.  ]Mr.  Jefferson,  Mr.  Madison,  Mr.  Monroe  and 
Mr.  Adams,  have  all  left  memorials  of  the  solicitude  they  felt  in  this 
endeavour,  and  the  favour  with  which  they  promoted  it.  Under  this 
powerful  patronage,  the  tribe  rapidly  advanced  in  ac(iuiring  the  arts 
of  agricultui'e.  They  established  schools ;  adopted  the  social  organiza- 
tion of  the  whites;  assumed  their  costume,  learnt  their  mechanical 
crafts ;  built  villages,  churches,  court-houses ; — in  short,  adopted  the 
polity  of  civilization  as  far  as  their  rude  condition  would  allow.  The 
Government  licensed  and  encouraged  the  settlement  amongst  them  of 
the  IMissionary  clergy,  who  became  honoured  residents  in  the  country, 
and  who  pursued  their  benign  labours  of  moral  and  religious  instruc- 
tion with  an  industry  and  success  which  gave  them  almost  unbounded 
control  over  the  tribe.  There  is  scarcely  on  record  a  more  agreeable 
picture  than  that  presented  by  the  Cherokces,  of  savage  life  reformed 
and  advanced  within  the  confines  of  civilized  man.  We  have  an  ac- 
count of  the  condition  of  these  people  from  the  pen  of  one  of  their 
own  children,  an  educated  Indian,  written  in  1825;  one  who,  seven 
years  before,  was  a  savage,  and  who,  at  the  date  of  his  letter,  was  en- 
gaged in  translating  the  New  Testament  into  the  Cherokee  language. 
"  Apple  and  peach  orchards  are  quite  common,"  he  writes,  "and  gar- 
dens are  cultivated.  Butter  and  cheese  are  seen  on  the  Cherokee 
tables.  There  are  many  public  roads  in  the  nation,  and  houses  of 
entertainment  kept  by  natives.  Numerous  and  flourishing  villages 
are  seen  in  every  section  of  the  country.  Cotton  and  woollen  cloths 
are  manufactured  here.  Almost  every  family  in  the  nation  grows 
cotton  for  its  own  consumption.  Industry  and  commercial  enterprise 
are  extending  themselves  in  every  part.  Nearly  all  the  merchants  are 
native  Chcrokecs.  The  Christian  relitjion  is  the  religion  of  the  nation. 
Presbyterians,  Methodists,  Baptists  and  ]Moravians  are  the  most  nu- 
merous sects.  Some  of  the  most  influential  characters  are  members 
of  the  church,  and  live  consistently  with  their  professions.  The  whole 
nation  is  penetrated  with  gratitude  for  the  aid  it  has  received  from 
the  United  States  Government,  and  from  different  religious  societies. 
Schools  are  increasing  every  year :  learning  is  encouraged  and  re- 
warded. The  female  character  is  elevated  and  duly  respected.  Our 
system  of  government,  founded  on  republican  principles,  secures  the 
respect  of  the  people.  New  Town,  pleasantly  situated  in  the  centro 
21* 


24G  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE.  [1830. 

of  the  nation,  is  the  seat  of  government.     A  printing-press  is  soon  to 
be  established;  also  a  national  library  and  museum." 

These  are  some  lineaments  taken  from  this  picture.  We  cannot 
contemplate  such  a  portraiture  of  an  aboriginal  tribe,  thus  breaking 
through  the  crust  of  savage  life,  without  many  pleasant  speculations 
upon  its  future  destiny.  But  in  this  instance  of  the  Cherokees,  a 
shadow  is  thrown  across  the  cheerful  face  of  the  picture  by  the  more 
prominent  figure  which  stands  beside  it,  —  the  figure  of  that  jealous 
State  sovereignty  which  holds  the  bond  of  the  poor  Indian's  fate,  and 
whose  features  are  darkened  with  an  ominous  frown,  engendered  by 
the  very  prosperity  which  attracts  v;s.  It  is  hard  to  say  of  the  gene- 
rous impulse  which  prompted  this  benevolent  care  of  the  Cherokees 
by  the  Federal  Government,  that  it  was  a  mistaken  kindness,  which, 
more  wisely,  should  have  taken  another  direction.  But,  still,  it  must 
be  said.  It  may  even  be  added,  that  it  was  a  fatal  error,  on  the  part 
of  the  Government,  to  allow  a  race  of  people  with  such  capabilities, 
to  plant  themselves  so  firmly  upon  a  base  so  unstable.  Georgia  could 
not  but  regard  with  disfavour  and  jealousy  the  increasing  permanency 
of  a  tribe  within  her  borders,  who  claimed  and  exercised  a  totally 
independent  government  —  exempt,  in  every  respect,  from  her  juris- 
diction. It  was  a  mischievous  political  anomaly,  and  precisely  in  that 
unhappy  category,  in  which  the  mischief  became  the  greater  in  pro- 
portion as  the  tribe  advanced  in  cultivation  and  knowledge.  Every 
new  acquisition  in  moral  or  political  virtue  became  a  new  motive  for 
distrust,  and  even  hostility.  A  tribe  of  Gypsies,  settled  under  such 
circumstances,  within  the  confines  of  a  European  government,  would 
give  but  an  inadequate  idea  of  the  embarrassments  which  Georgia  suf- 
fered in  this  relation.  The  Indian  is  shut  out  from  assimilation  with 
his  white  neighbour,  by  prejudices  which  are  altogether  insurmount- 
able. A  thousand  bloody  feuds  have  separated  them.  The  hate  of 
more  than  a  century  is  incorporated  in  the  hearts  of  both,  along  the 
whole  frontier  which  divides  them.  If  we  add  to  these  provocatives, 
the  ill-will  which  was  certain  to  be  engendered  by  the  conflict  ot 
jurisdiction  of  two  communities,  each  claiming  exclusive  control  over 
the  same  soil,  it  will  be  readily  understood  how  much  it  was  to  the 
advantage  of  the  weaker,  to  be  transplanted  to  a  region  remote  from 
all  the  accidents  of  such  a  condition. 


CiiAP.  XV.]       THE  REMONSTRANCE  OF  GEORGIA. 


241 


Whilst  a  certain  transitory  right  of  occupation  —  we  may  c;ill  it — 
has  been  admitted  to  exist  in  the  Indian  tribes  inhabiting  within  the 
boundaries  of  a  State;  and  whilst  they  have  been  allowed  to  maintain 
an  independent  political  organization,  with  the  function  of  legislating 
for  themselves,  —  this  has  been  endured  only  because  it  has  been 
regarded  as,  necessarily  from  the  habits  and  nature  of  the  aboriginal 
population,  merely  transitory  or  temporary  in  its  duration.  "Whatever 
the  abstract  or  intrinsic  merit  of  the  Indian  title  may  be,  no  State  in 
this  Union  patiently  contemplates  the  possibility  of  a  perpetuation  of 
such  a  condition.  The  history  of  the  tribes  presents  a  panorama  of 
fleeting  images-;  —  nations  slowly  but  surely  moving  onward  from 
right  to  left,  in  shadowy  procession,  and  fading  away  from  the  circle 
of  human  vision.  One  by  one,  these  communities  have  migrated  to 
distant  regions,  or,  choosing  the  more  sad  alternative  to  remain  upon 
the  land  of  their  ancient  homes,  have  dwindled  into  the  stage  of 
second  childhood, — finally  to  melt  away  before  a  civilization,  which 
infallibly  extinguishes  whatever  it  cannot  absorb. 

The  Government,  from  an  early  period,  devoted  its  means,  with  a 
liberal  energy,  to  the  extinguishment  of  the  Indian  title.  From  1805 
to  1819,  more  than  thirty  millions  of  acres  were  purchased  from  the 
tribes  resident  within  the  States.  The  whole  territory  occupied  by 
the  Cherokees  in  Georgia,  it  is  computed,  did  not  exceed  five  millions 
of  acres.  This  tribe  possessed  much  larger  domains  in  Alabama  and 
Mississippi.  The  purchases  made  from  the  tribe,  within  these  two 
States,  exceeded  eight  millions  of  acres.  In  regard  to  these,  the 
Government  were  bound  by  no  compact.  By  a  singular  indiiference 
to  the  discontents  whicli  were  likely  to  grow  up  in  Georgia,  and  still 
more  singular  neglect  of  the  obligations  especially  due  to  that  State, 
the  Government  had  not  extinguished,  in  the  eighteen  years  which 
elapsed  after  the  date  of  the  compact,  the  title  to  much  more  than 
one  million  of  acres  of  Cherokee  lands  within  the  borders  of  Georgia. 

This  neglect  brought  many  complaints,  which  were  still  more  em- 
bittered by  the  visible  growth  of  the  tribe  under  the  care  and  encou- 
ragement of  the  Government.  Georgia,  more  than  once,  expostulated 
against  this  neglect.  It  was  said,  on  the  part  of  the  State,  and,  we 
have  reason  to  believe,  truly  said,  that  in  1817,  when  the  Govern- 
ment procured  the  removal  of  one-half  the  tribe,  they  might  very 


248 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1S30. 


readily  liavc  procured  tlie  remoTal  of  the  whole.  That  on  that  occa- 
sion the  President  gave  them  a  specific  assurance  that  this  would  soon 
be  done.  ''In  1817,"  Says  the  Georgia  delegation,  in  a  remonstrance 
to  the  President,  "the  public  declaration  of  the  President  to  Congress, 
that  an  arrangement  had  been  made,  by  which,  in  exchange  for  lands 
beyond  the  Mississippi,  a  great  part,  if  not  the  whole  of  the  lands 
possessed  by  the  Cherokee  tribe  in  North  Carolina,  Tennessee,  Geor- 
gia, and  the  Territory  of  Alabama,  would  be  soon  acquired,  gave  a 
just  expectation  that  the  pledge  given  to  Georgia  would  be  redeemed. 
In  the  eight  years  which  have  succeeded,  these  anticipations  of  the 
President  have  been  realized  everywhere  but  in  Georgia."  ,  They 
add  that  the  purchases  made  since  1817,  have,  in  fact,  driven  the 
Cherokees  out  of  Tennessee,  Alabama  and  North  Carolina,  and 
crowded  them  into  Georgia,  and  thus  have  contributed  to  create  and 
augment  the  difficulties  in  the  way  of  a  peaceful  acquisition  of  the 
lands  within  that  State.  "  What,"  they  ask,  "  has  created  the  strong 
desire  of  the  Cherokees  to  remain  where  they  are  ?  The  policy  of  the 
General  Government ;  the  pretended  guarantees  of  their  possessions ; 
the  attempted  changes  in  the  nature  of  their  titles  to  them;  the 
lessons  they  have  received  in  the  arts  of  civilized  life  —  a  policy  just 
and  generous  to  the  Indians,  but  solely  at  the  expense  of  a  member 
of  the  Union." 

We  cannot  deny  the  justice  of  this  remonstrance.  It  was  made  in 
1824.  Four  years  afterwards,  when  the  tribe  had  increased  in  popu- 
lation, when  their  farms  were  more  numerous,  when  education  was 
still  more  widely  diffused,  an  event  occurred  which  greatly  added  to 
the  discontent  of  Georgia.  The  Cherokees  held  an  assemblage  of  their 
chiefs  and  head  men,  and,  aided  by  the  resident  missionaries,  they 
formed  and  adopted  a  constitution  for  a  permanent  government.  Up 
to  this  period,  Georgia  had  done  nothing  inconsistent  with  the  relations 
which  she  had  heretofore  admitted  to  exist  between  this  tribe  and  the 
Government.  She  had  practised  a  forbearance  honourable  to  her 
moderation  and  her  respect  for  the  national  authorities.  A  crisis  had 
now  arrived,  and  she  determined  to  take  care  of  herself.  The  Govern- 
ment had  not  given  to  her  remonstrance  the  attention  which  it  deserved. 
It  had  even,  on  one  occasion,  announced  its  purpose  to  maintain  its 
guarantee  of  protection  to  the  Indians  by  military  force.     We  cannot 


Chap.  XV.]  RIGHTS  OF  THE  INDIANS.  249 

question  the  duty  of  tlie  GoTernment  to  maintain  that  guarantee,  in 
every  case  in  •which  it  might  be  threatened ;  —  to  maintain  it  l)y 
martial  power  if  necessaiy;  but,  at  the  same  time,  we  think  the 
Government  in  some  dcgi'ce  responsible  for  the  emergency  which 
now  produced  so  much  excitement  in  Georgia. 

Whatever  blame  may  be  attached  to  the  Federal  Government,  or 
to  the  State,  for  the  measures  which  were  adopted  by  each  in  reference 
to  this  subject,  the  Cherokees  themselves  were  certainly  an  innocent 
and  even  meritorious  party  in  the  controversy.  There  was  no  obliga- 
tion upon  them  but  to  take  the  best  care  of  themselves,  to  preserve 
peace  and  order,  and  to  advance  their  own  improvement  by  all  the 
means  at  their  command.  They  had  treaties  with  the  Government 
of  the  Union,  which  assured  them,  on  the  faith  of  the  nation,  that 
they  should  occupy  the  soil  which  they  had  derived  from  their  fathers, 
as  long  as  they  chose  to  do  so ;  and  that,  whilst  they  chose  to  occupy 
it,  they  should  be  protected.  They  had  never  made  any  stipulation, 
with  either  the  federal  or  state  authorities,  that  they  would  remove  at 
all.  If  the  National  Government  had  entered  into  a  compact  with 
one  member  of  the  Union,  which  was  incompatible  with  its  elder 
guarantee  to  them,  they  were  no  parties  to  it  and  were  not  bound  by 
it.  The  Government,  however,  could  have  complied  with  its  engage- 
ment to  Georgia.  It  had  the  means  to  purchase  the  consent  of  the 
Indians  and  to  establish  them  in  another  region,  under  circumstances 
which  would  evidently  have  promoted  their  comfort  and  security.  To 
accomplish  this,  no  proper  expense  and  no  labour  should  have  been 
spared. 

When  we  say  that  the  power  of  the  Government,  in  the  removal 
of  the  Indians,  could  only  be  exercised  over  them  with  their  own  con- 
sent, it  is  scarcely  proper  to  interpret  this  authority  by  the  rule  which 
would  apply  to  an  independent  and  civiUzed  nation.  The  Indian  title 
within  a  State  is  admitted  to  be  but  a  right  of  occupancy,  with  the 
reversion  of  the  jurisdiction  finally  existing  in  the  State.  The  tribes 
are  said  to  be  in  a  state  of  pupilage  to  the  Government ;  entitled  to 
be  treated  with  humane  and  considerate  regard  for  their  feeble  con- 
dition, to  be  taught,  to  be  defended, — and  subject,  in  equal  degree,  to 
be  controlled  for  their  own  benefit.  In  the  equitable  and  beneficent 
employment  of  this  guardianship  over  them,  when  it  becomes  ob^dously 


250  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE.  [1830. 

necessary  to  their  security  and  corafort, — much  more  when  it  becomes 
essential  to  their  existence, — the  Government  may  rightfully  exercise, 
and  it  becomes  even  its  duty  to  do  so,  a  measure  of  constraint,  of 
moral  force  upon  their  will  to  induce  them  to  do  that  which  their  own 
untutored  understandings  might  oppose.  But  it  is  clear  that  a  duty 
so  delicate  as  this,  so  full  of  peril  of  abuse,  is  only  to  be  performed 
in  accordance  with  the  suggestions  of  enlightened  humanity,  and  with 
a  scrupulous  abstinence  from  all  prejudice  and  passion. 

The  authority  over  the  tribes  has  been  confided,  by  the  Constitution, 
to  the  G-eneral  Government,  to  whom  it  has  been  exclusively  given. 
The  complaint  of  Georgia  was,  that  this  authority  had  not  been  duly 
exercised  in  conformity  with  the  compact  of  1802.  She  had  waited 
now  nearly  thirty  years  upon  the  convenience  of  the  Government, 
and,  apparently,  was  as  far  off  the  accomplishment  of  her  hopes  as  at 
fii'st.  The  recent  measure  of  adopting  a  constitution  by  the  tribe, 
seemed  indeed  to  place  her  farther  from  this  accomplishment  than  ever. 

She  determined  now  to  dispose  of  this  subject  in  her  own  way. 
For  the  first  time,  she  asserted  the  doctrine  that  the  question  of  juris- 
diction was  one  which  rested  solely  upon  her  own  pleasure  whether 
she  should  exercise  it  or  not :  that  the  tribe,  being  on  her  soil,  was 
subject  to  her  laws,  whenever  she  might  think  proper  to  extend  these 
laws  over  it :  that  the  treaties  of  the  Federal  Government  did  not  bind 
her ;  and  that  if  that  Government  did  not  choose  to  exting-uish  the 
Indian  title,  she  was  at  full  liberty  to  extinguish  it  for  herself. 

The  popular  excitement  in  the  State  gradually  rose  to  fever-heat. 
The  most  astute  and  able  men  in  the  community  took  the  lead  in  the 
movement.  The  Cherokees  were  arraigned  before  the  public,  as 
seditious  enemies  to  the  State ;  they  were  charged  with  resisting  the 
emigration  of  the  tribe,  in  terms  which  imputed  that  act  to  them  as  a 
criminal  offence.  Many  pretexts,  some  true,  others  untrue,  and  all 
such  as  a  cooler  judgment  would  condemn  as  insignificant,  were  found 
to  inflame  the  exasperation  against  the  imfortunate  tribe.  "  The 
omnipotent  sophistry  of  interest  and  passion"  —  to  use  the  phrase 
of  an  eloquent  historian,  supplied  abundant  argument  to  justify  the 
proceedings  of  the  emergency  :  "  Qui  vult  ca^dere  canem  fiieile  invenit 
fustem."  The  legislature  went  to  work  in  a  manner  which  showed 
that  they  did  not  mean  to  leave  the  task  unfinished.     They  passed  a 


Chap.  XV.]  SEVERE  LEGISLATION  OF  GEORGIA. 


251 


series  of  laws,  which  an  impartial  judgment  will  ever  regard  as  sin- 
gularly proscriptive  and  cruel.  The  Indian  territory  was  parcelletl 
into  convenient  divisions,  annexed  to  the  bordering  counties,  and 
subjected  to  the  municipal  authority.  All  laws,  ordinances  and 
usages  heretofore  adopted  by  the  Cherokees,  were  declared  to  be  null 
and  void.  Every  Indian  was  disqualified  as  a  witness,  and  prohibited 
from  gi^^ng  testimony  in  the  courts  of  justice  in  any  case  in  which  a 
white  man,  not  a  resident  with  the  tribe,  was  a  party.  It  was  made 
a  high  penal  offence  to  execute  the  Cherokee  law  which  forbade  emi- 
gration. No  white  man  was  allowed  to  reside  amongst  the  Indians, 
without  a  special  license  from  the  governor,  and  without  having  taken 
an  oath  to  obey  the  constitution  and  laws  of  the  State.  The  penalty 
attached  to  the  violation  of  this  clause,  as  of  several  others,  was  a 
sentence  to  hard  labour  in  the  penitentiary  for  four  years.  A  military 
guard  was  established,  and  every  member  of  it  was  invested  with 
power  to  arrest  any  person  upon  a  charge  of  \dolating  any  portion  of 
these  hxTvs.  Provision  was  made  for  a  lottery,  by  which  the  Indian 
lands  were  to  be  di\'ided  amongst  the  people  of  the  State. 

We  must  believe  that  a  community,  so  humane  and  so  intelligent 
as  we  know  that  of  Georgia  to  be,  must  have  reckoned,  with  great 
certainty,  that  a  course  of  legislation  so  stringent  as  this,  would  have 
left  no  case  for  the  law  to  act  upon.  That  the  Indians,  taking  the 
whole  proceeding  as  an  admonition  to  depart,  would  have  instantly 
chosen  the  alternative  of  removal  on  the  terms  offered  by  the  Govern- 
ment, and  disembarrassed  themselves  and  their  unfriendly  neighbours 
of  the  odium  of  carrying  into  effect  a  system  of  laws  so  repugnant 
to  the  genius  of  the  age,  and,  as  we  cannot  doubt,  of  the  character 
of  the  people  who  enacted  them. 

The  proceeding  has  been  justified  as  a  coup  d'^etaf.  As  a  stroke 
of  policy,  it  has  met  the  favour  of  politicians.  If  measures,  which 
are  not  founded  upon  justice  and  an  absolute  respect  for  human  rights, 
can  ever  be  vindicated,  we  may  even  admit  that  in  this  case  the  policy 
of  Georgia  was  calculated  to  lead  to  a  good  result,  both  to  the  Indians 
and  to  the  State.  It  is  not  the  first  time  that  men  have  been  worried 
into  compliances  which  were  essential  to  their  welfare.  The  tendency 
of  this  legislation  was  to  break  up  at  once  —  violently  enough,  we 
must  say — a  pernicious  relation^  which  could  not  but  have  terminated, 


252 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


after  a  series  of  years,  and  through  many  sad  experiences  of  feud  and 
broil,  in  the  utter  destruction  of  the  tribe.  Its  motive  also  was  to 
force  the  tribe  to  a  more  secure  asylum,  where  it  might  find  space 
and  inducement  for  the  fullest  development  of  whatever  capacity  for 
happiness  it  had  derived  from  the  Creator. 

In  the  end,  Georgia  triumphed;  as  strength  ever  triumphs  over 
feebleness,  when  the  strong  assumes  to  be  the  sole  interpreter  of  the 
question  of  right  and  the  arbiter  of  the  Me  of  his  opponent.  The 
final  submission  of  the  Cherokees  to  their  doom,  presents  to  their 
chronicler  a  theme,  which,  foithfully  written,  will  be  but  the  repeti- 
tion of  many  a  pathetic  chapter  in  human  history  describing  the  exodus 
of  a  nation  driven  forth  from  the  monuments  dearest  to  its  affections 
to  find  shelter  in  ruder  shades  and  more  hospitable  wilds.  Let  us 
hope  that  these  children  of  the  forest  are  reserved  for  a  better  destiny 
in  their  new  home,  and  that,  in  their  advancing  perception  of  the 
blessings  of  Christian  civilization,  of  peace  and  security,  they  may 
attain  a  full  indemnity  for  all  the  sorrows  of  the  past. 

In  the  fii-st  stages  of  this  assault,  the  Cherokees  took  counsel  upon 
their  rights.  They  demanded  of  the  Grovernment  the  fulfilment  of 
the  stipulations  of  the  treaties.  They  were  dismayed  and  overwhelmed 
at  the  discovery  that  the  new  administration  of  General  Jackson  was 
thoroughly  opposed  to  them :  that  there  was  no  help  from  that  quar- 
ter. The  answer  they  received  was,  that  Georgia  had  full  jurisdiction 
over  them :  that  the  Government  would  not  interfere.  Their  next 
resort  was  to  the  Supreme  Court.  Eminent  counsel  were  consulted, 
and  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Sergeant  were  retained  to  conduct  their  cause. 
The  advice  they  received  was,  to  apply  to  the  Court  for  an  injunction 
to  restrain  the  State  of  Georgia  from  the  execution  of  her  recent  laws. 

The  sympathies  of  the  people  of  the  United  States,  except  those 
who  were  immediately  concerned  in  opposing  the  injunction,  were 
largely  with  the  Indians.  The  case  was  brought  before  the  public 
under  every  point  of  view  suggested  by  favour  or  dislike.  It  was 
discussed  in  the  newspapers.  It  was  debated,  with  singular  ability, 
in  Congress.  It  finally  became,  to  a  certain  extent,  a  party  question. 
It  was  also  a  sectional  question.  Those  who  were  resolved  to  give  an 
indiscriminate  support  to  the  administration,  and  those  who  thought 
that  the  President  could  do  no  wrong,  uniting  with  the  sectional  in- 


Chap.  XV.]  LETTER  TO  CARR  IN  REFERENCE  TO  IT. 


253 


terest,  brougUt  a  very  strong  reinforcement  to  the  claims  of  Georgia. 
The  heat  ou  one  side,  gave  occasion  for  greater  heat  on  the  other. 
The  "percussion  and  repercussion"  of  debate  produced  much  the 
same  effect  as  that  which  we  have  seen,  since  that  period,  on  another 
question  of  division  between  the  North  and  South. 

This  is  an  outline  of  the  Cherokee  case,  as  it  was  disclosed  to'the 
nation  in  1830-31. 

I  have  endeavoured  to  give  an  impartial  view  of  it,  in  the  light 
which  time  has  shed  upon  it,  making  all  proper  allowance  for  the 
aberrations  of  opinion  and  judgment  which  are  inseparable  from  the 
conclusions  of  the  best  minds,  when  disturbed  by  the  impetus  of 
private  or  public  interests.  The  excitements  have  now  passed  away, 
and  the  result  has  been  fortunate. 

A  great  responsibility  was  incurred  by  the  counsel  who  advised  and 
prepared  the  proceedings  in  the  Supreme  Court.  Mr.  Wirt  was  ex- 
ceedingly solicitous  to  place  himself  upon  sure  grounds  in  the  steps 
he  was  about  to  take ;  and,  with  that  view,  had  recourse  to  the  advice 
of  his  friends.  The  following  letter  from  him  furnishes  an  interesting 
history  of  his  connection  with  this  controversy  : 


TO   JUDGE   CARR. 


My  DEAR  Friend  ; 


Baltimore,  June  21,  1830. 


*  *  I  wish  to  consult  you  on  a  matter  of  business 

so  deeply  interesting  to  my  character  both  as  a  man  and  a  lawyer,  that 
I  must  claim  from  you  the  rights  of  friendship. 

You  are  apprised  of  the  proceedings  of  Georgia  in  reference  to  the 
Cherokee  lands  within  her  chartered  limits,  and  her  desire  to  expel 
the  Cherokees  from  the  State  per  fas  aut  nefas.  She  passed  a  law 
last  winter  to  take  effect  at  the  beo-iuuino;  of  this  month,  abolishiujr 
the  Cherokee  laws  and  usages  within  their  own  territory, — extending 
the  whole  of  the  Georgia  laws  over  those  people,  and  dis(jualifying 
them  from  giving  evidence  against  a  white  man  in  a  court  of  justice. 
The  present  administration,  playing  into  her  hand,  caused  a  bill  to  be 
passed  through  Congress,  authorizing  the  President  to  exchange  with 
them  for  their  present  lands,  other  lands  of  equal  value  beyond  the 
Arkansas  Territory.  This  bill  leaves  it  to  the  option  of  the  Indians 
to  accept  the  exchange  or  not :  but  the  President  has  told  them  that 
although  they  are  placed,  by  their  treaties,  expressly  under  the  pro- 
tection of  the  United  States  and  of  no  other  sovereign,  yet  he  cannot 
protect  them  against  the  laws  of  Georgia,  that  State  having  a  right  to 

Vol.  11.-22 


254 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


legislate  over  all  persons  within  the  limits  of  her  ten-itory.  Thus 
they  are  oppressed  by  these  obnoxious  laws  of  Georgia,  on  the  one 
hand,  and  allured  by  the  exchange  proposition  on  the  other.  But 
they  have  visited  the  lands  offered  to  them,  and  find  them  unfit  for 
agriculture,  to  which,  under  the  influence  of  Mr.  Jefferson  and  his 
advice  given  to  them  when  he  was  president,  they  have  devoted  them- 
selves for  several  years  past. 

*  *  I  do  not  know  whether  you  attended  to  the 

debate  in  Congress,  last  winter,  on  the  Indian  bill.  If  you  did,  you. 
must  have  seen  that  the  pretension  of  right  in  Georgia  to  legislate 
over  the  Cherokecs  was  demonstrated  to  be  utterly  follacious.  These 
people,  although  partly  within  the  chartered  limits  of  the  State,  not 
being  within  her  territorial  jurisdiction,  have  been  uniformly  treated, 
both  by  the  British  Government  and  our  own,  as  a  sovereign  people, 
with  an  acknowledged  right  to  be  governed  only  by  their  own  laws 
and  usages,  within  their  territory,  the  exclusive  possession  of  which 
has  been  so  solemnly  guaranteed  to  them  by  their  treaties  with  the 
United  States.  In  the  estimation  of  many  of  the  most  enlightened 
men  in  Congress,  the  injury  about  to  be  inflicted  on  these  people  is 
shocking  to  justice  and  humanity.  The  Indian  bill,  nevertheless, 
passed  by  a  slight  majority. 

*  *  *  *  *  * 

Some  of  the  most  distinguished  men  in  Congress  who  had  opposed 
its  passage,  Webster,  Judge  Spencer,  Frelinghuysen  and  others,  advised 
the  Cherokee  delegates  then  in  Washington,  to  employ  counsel  to 
bring  the  various  questions  of  their  rights,  under  their  treaties,  before 
the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States :  and  for  this  purpose  they 
were  introduced  to  me,  when  in  AYashington  on  Judge  Peck's  case, 
some  two  or  three  weeks  ago.  I  was  aware  of  the  delicacy  of  the 
situation  in  which  this  application  placed  me.  I  saw  that  I  was  about 
to  be  made  instrumental  in  thwarting  or  impeding  (or  trying  to  do  it, 
perhaps  in  vain,)  a  project  on  which  the  President  and  State  of 
Georgia  were  bent,  and  which,  but  for  my  interference,  might  take 
immediate  effect  by  the  removal  of  the  Indians — for  they  would  sooner 
remove  and  die  in  the  wilderness,  than  remain  in  subjection  to  the 
laws  of  Georgia.  But,  on  the  other  hand,  having  been  assured  by  so 
many  distinguished  men  tliat  tlie  Supreme  Court  would  protect  them, 
and  that  they  had  only  to  secure  eminent  counsel  to  effect  their  object, 
they  have  resolved  to  bear  the  present  oppression  of  Georgia  until  the 
question  can  be  decided  by  the  Supreme  Court.  Although  the  deli- 
cacy of  the  situation  in  which  such  an  engagement  would  place  me, 
glanced  through  my  mind  at  the  time  of  the  application,  yet  as  I  was 
strongly  impressed  with  the  injustice  about  to  be  done  to  these  people, 
I  did  not  think  it  right  to  flinch  from  any  considerations  of  personal 
ease  and  safety ;  and  I  promised  to  examine  their  case  and  give  them 
my  opinion,  and,  if  necessary,  my  professional  services  in  the  Supreme 


Chap.  XV.]     LETTER  TO  CARR  IN  REFERENCE  TO  IT.  255 

Court.  On  my  return  to  BnUiinore,  I  took  up  the  question  of  the 
right  of  (Jeorgia  to  extend  her  laws  over  these  people,  read  all  the 
speeches  in  Congress  pro  and  con,  on  the  subject,  the  opinion  of  the 
President  conuuunicatcd  to  the  Cherokees  through  the  Secretary  of 
War,  in  favour  of  the  right  of  the  State,  and  gave  the  whole  case  a 
thorough  examination.  My  conclusion  was  against  the  right  of  the 
State.  But  in  making  this  examination,  I  was  struck  with  the  mani- 
fest determination,  both  of  the  President  and  the  State,  that  the  State 
laws  should  be  extended  over  them,  ai  every  hazard.  This  led  me  to 
reflect  more  seriously  on  the  predicament  in  which  I  was  about  to  place 
myself,  and  perhaps  involve  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States. 
•X-  *  *  -j^-  *  * 

There  are  many  well-meaning  men  who  think  it  the  interest  of  the 
Cherokees  to  remove  to  a  country  where  the  whites  will  no  longer 
annoy  them,  and  where  they  may  pass  their  lives  in  peace  and  quiet. 
The  country  oifered  to  them  in  exchange  has  also  been  represented  as 
a  paradise  in  itself  and  a  haven  of  perpetual  repose  to  them.     The 
country  offered,  I  have  already  described.     There  are  wild  Indians  in 
the  neighbourhood  who  will  probably  contest  the  right  of  possession 
with  them,  and  make  that  paradise  a  slaughter-house  and  a  scene  of 
mutual  extermination.    These  people  are  now  ci\dlized  in  a  very  great 
degree,  and  do  not  wish  to  relapse  into  barbarism,  nor  to  reside  again 
near  savage  neighbours.     It  is,  therefore,  their  most  anxious  desire 
to  remain  where  they  are,  as  they  have  a  right  to  do.     Yet  if  they 
had  no  hope  from  the  Supreme  Court,  they  would,  I  have  no  doubt, 
go — thinking  it  the  least  of  evils.     With   regard  to  the  Supreme 
Com-t,  the  Attorney-Greneral  is  reported  to  have  said,  that  the  State 
of  G-eorgia  would  not  respect  their  decision,  if  against  them,  but  would 
go  on  to  enforce  their  rights  according  to  their  own  opinion  of  them ; 
and  after  what  has  already  passed,  I  should  not  be  surprised  if  the 
President    should    co-operate    with    them    and    render    the    decision 
abortive,  by  forbidding  the  3Iarshal  and  people  of  the  country  from 
obeying  it.     On  the  other  hand  it  is  possible,  (thougli  not  very  pro- 
bable,) that  the  President  may  bow  to  the  decision  of  the  Supreme 
Court,  and  cause  it  to  be  enforced ;  and  that  Georgia  may  sullenly 
acquiesce.     If  the  IVesident  saw  the  subject  with  the  eyes  of  his 
predecessors,  he  could  easily  quiet  the  State  of  Georgia ;  but,  unfor- 
tunately, he  stands  committed  by  the  public  expression  of  his  opinion. 
And  Georgia  is  determined  to  make  hay  while  the  sun  shines,  and 
enforce  her  great  object  of  expulsion  during  the  present  administration. 
I  have  already  addressed  a  letter  to  the  Governor  of  Georgia,  of  which 
I  send  you  a  copy,  and  have  also  placed  copies  of  it  in  the  hands  of 
the  President,  and  of  the  Cherokees.     I  have  given  an  opinion  to  the 
Cherokees,  on  their  rights  (or  rather  several  opinions  on  several  ditferent 
questions)  and  have  advi.sed  the  measures  by  which  I  think  these  ques- 
tions may  be  cai-ried  to  the  Supreme  Court.    Now,  I  wish  to  ask  you 


256 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


wlietber  there  is  any  thing  exceptionable  against  me  either  as  a  lawyer 
or  a  citizen  of  tlie  United  States,  in  the  part  I  am  taking  in  this  case. 
I  am,  indeed,  aiding  these  oppressed  people  against  the  President  of  the 
United  States  and  the  State  of  Georgia — but  in  conformity,  as  I  think, 
with  the  constitutional  laws  and  treaties  of  the  United  States.  I  need 
not  tell  you  that  I  have  no  fear  of  personal  consequences,  but  I  have 
a  great  fear  of  doing  what  any  honourable  man  can  think  wrong. 


* 


The  opinion  which  I  have  given  is  this — that  if  these  people  shall 
be  sued  civilly,  or  criminally  prosecuted  before  a  State  court  of  Georgia, 
under  the  Georgia  law,  ihej  may  defend  themselves  on  the  ground  of 
their  treaties,  which  regard  them  as  a  sovereign  nation  within  their 
own  territory,  under  the  exclusive  government  of  their  own  laws, 
iTsages  and  customs ;  that  the  law  of  Georgia  is  void,  as  being  re- 
pugnant to  these  treaties ;  and  that  if  the  present  court  of  Georgia 
shall  decide  in  fiivour  of  the  law  against  the  right  claimed  under  the 
treaty,  the  case  may  be  carried  for  revision  to  the  Supreme  Court  of 
the  United  States,  under  the  25th  section  of  the  Judiciary  act :  see 
the  case  of  Cohens  v.  the  State  of  Virginia,  6  Wheaton,  375 — Chief 
Justice  Marshall's  opinion. 

I  think  it  clear  that  the  jurisdiction  must  be  founded  upon  that 
section,  as  it  has  been  construed  by  the  Supreme  Court,  whatever  may 
be  the  ultimate  decision  on  the  right.  This,  however,  is  appellate 
jurisdiction  and  requires  that  the  case  should  first  have  passed  through 
the  State  courts,  which  will  delay  the  decision  and  throw  every  impedi- 
ment in  our  way.  The  Attorney-General  snjs  the  State  of  Georgia 
will  take  care  that  no  case  shall  ever  come  to  the  Supreme  Court. 
They  will  probably  refuse  to  receive  and  put  upon  their  records  any 
plea  which  will  show  that  the  construction  of  treaties  was  involved,  so 
that  the  record  will  contain  nothing  to  found  the  jurisdiction  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  under  the  25th  section.  Ilcnce,  it  became  important 
for  me  to  enquire  whether  these  people  had  any  right  to  apply  at  once 
to  the  original  jurisdiction  of  the  federal  courts ;  and  this  I  cannot 
perceive  that  they  can  do,  unless  the  Cherokee  Nation  be  a  foreign 
stale  in  the  sense  of  the  Constitution,  in  which  case  thev  would  have 
H  right  under  the  Constitution  to  file  an  original  bill  against  the  State 
of  Georgia,  in  the  Supreme  Court,  and  ask  an  injunction  against  the 
execution  of  her  law  within  their  territory ;  or,  unless  the  individuals 
of  the  Cherokee  Nation  be  aliens,  and  consequently  have  a  right  to 
sue  a  citizen  of  Georgia  in  the  federal  courts.  The  High  Court  of 
Errors  and  Impeachments  of  New  York,  have  held  unanimously  that 
these  tribes  are  alien  and  sovereign  nations,  and  their  citizens  aliens: 
Godall  vs.  Jackson,  20  Johnson,  693.  Webster  advises  that  every 
suit  shall  be  brought  in  the  name  of  the  Cherokee  Nation  :  he  must 
therefore  regard  them  as  a  foreign  state.  Will  you  read  the  case  in 
20th  Johnson  ?  and  tell  me,  since  I  have  shown  you  how  deeply  the 


Chap.  XV.]       APPLIES  FOR  MARSHALL'S  OPINION. 


257 


Supreme  Court  may  be  interested  in  this  subject,  whether  there  wouhl 
be  any  impropriety  in  your  conversing  with  the  Chief  Justice  on  this 
subject,  as  a  brother  judge,  and  giving  me  his  impressions  of  the  poli- 
tical character  of  this  people,  in  the  respect  I  have  mentioned.     I 
would  not  have  you  to  conceal  from  him  that  the  question  may  prob- 
ably come  before  the  Supreme  Court.  The  subject  will  not  be  new  to 
him.     He  has  had  occasion  to  consider  several  times  the  character 
and  ricrhts  of  these  people.     His  ojiinion  in  the  case  of  Johnson  and 
Mcintosh,  (3  Wheaton,  pages  571,  593,)  seems  to  me  to  maintain  the 
right  of  the  Indians  to  govern  themselves  exclusively  by  their  own 
laws,  within  their  own  territory,  although  their  right  to  that  territory 
be  a  mere  right  of  possession.     If  the  individuals  of  the  Cherokeo 
Nation  be  aliens,  so  as  to  found  the  original  jurisdiction  of  the  Su- 
preme Court,  the  principal  Chief  of  that  Nation  might  file  a  bill 
against  those  officers  of  the  State  of  Georgia,  who  will  probably  be 
engaged  in  executing  her  law,  and  ask  an  injunction  against  them, 
although  he  could  not  sue  the  State  herself.    See  the  cases  of  Osborn 
vs.  the  Bank  of  the  United  States,  (9  Wheaton,  733,)  and  Bank  of 
the  United  States  vs.  Planter's  Bank  of  Georgia,  ib.  904.    Have  you 
time  to  read  these  cases  and  inform  youreelf  on  this  subject  ?     There 
is  another  point  on  which  I  wish  it  was  possible  to  come  at  the  opinion 
of  the  Chief  Justice,  with  propriety.     It  is  this  : — treaties  compose  a 
part  of  the  supreme  law  of  the  land  by  the  sixth  article  of  the  Con- 
stitution,— and  it  is  added  that  "  the  judges  in  any  State  shall  be 
bound  thereby,  any  thing  in  the  constitution  or  laws  of  any  State  or 
territory,  to  the  contrary  notwithstanding."    Now,  by  these  treaties  I 
hold  the  Cherokees  to  be  "  a  sovereign  nation."    See  the  speeches  of 
Frelinghuysen  and  Sprague  in  the  Senate.     But  the  President  said 
they  are  not  a  sovereign  state,  but  subject  to  the  laws  of  the  State  of 
Georgia.     The  Supreme  Court  has  decided  with  regard  to  the  new 
South  American  Republics  while  in  a  state  of  revolt,  that  the  courts 
of  the  nation  could  not  recognize  them  as  States,  until  they  had  been 
recognized  as  such  by  the  Executive  of  the  United  States.     But  I 
understand  this  to  be  limited  to  new  States  in  that  condition,  and  not 
to  apply  to  old  States  whom  the  United  States  have  continually  ac- 
knowledged as  such  by  treating  with  them  as  sovereign  States.     I 
wish  to  know  whether  the  Chief  Justice  considers,  according  to  the 
opinion  already  pronounced  by  him,  the  courts  of  the  nation  constitu- 
tionally bound  by  the  declaration  of   the  Executive  branch  of  the 
government,  (that  is  to  say,  the  l^resident  of  the  United  States,)  that 
any  people  are  or  are  not  a  sovereign  state,  so  that  the  prior  implica- 
tions, by  treaty,  of  their  sovereignty,  will  be  judicially  considered  a.s 
superseded  by  such  presidential  declarations.     I  can  scarcely  suppose 
that  such  is  his  notion  :  since  otherwise  the  President  might  by  his 
declaration,  put  Great  Britain  or  any  ancient  sovereign,  out  of  the 
family  of  nations.  *  *  If  I  were  near  the  Chief 

22*  » 


"I 


258 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


Justice  I  would  ask  him  at  once,  these  questions  myself, — and  tell 
him  as  I  wish  you  to  do,  that  there  is  no  case  yet  depending,  which 
involves  a  decision  on  them;  but  that,  unless  the  ojiinions  of  the 
Supreme  Court,  as  already  pronounced,  prevent  it,  there  may  be 
questions  of  a  delicate  and  embarrassing  nature  to  the  Supreme  Court, 
Avhich  may  be  prevented  by  a  correct  understanding  of  the  full  scope 
of  the  decisions  heretofore  pronounced.  I  would  speak  to  him  with 
the  confidence  of  a  friend,  *         *         and  leave  it  to  him  to  say, 

whether  he  would  or  would  not  be  willina;  to  come  out  with  the  ex- 
pression  of  his  opinion,  so  as  to  prevent  embarrassment  and  mischief. 
I  cannot  discover  that  there  would  be  any  impropriety  either  in  his 
saying  whether  the  principles  I  have  mentioned  are  involved  in  the 
former  decisions;  or,  what  he  may  at  present,  think  of  these  ques- 
tions. *  *  Unless  I  am  restrained  by  your  advice, 
I  shall  go  on  with  this  case  in  behalf  of  these  people.  But  if  you 
think  it  wrong,  tell  me  so,  and  I  shall  as  frankly  draw  oif  from  these 
people  and  tell  them  why.  I  do  not  ask  whether  it  be  politic,  but  in- 
herently right  or  wrong;  for  if  right,  I  shall  go  on  at  any  hazai'd. 
Pray  give  me  your  ^dews  fully  of  this  matter;  and  if  Cabell  has  not 
left  Ilichmond  for  this  place,  (where  I  am  expecting  him  every 
boat,)  take  him  into  the  council, — and  our  trusty  and  well-beloved 
friend  Coaltcr  too.  I  shall  be  longing  to  hear  from  you  on  this 
subject. 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


This  letter  was  submitted  by  Judge  Carr  to  the  Chief  Justice, 
who,  uj)on  consideration  of  the  subject,  thought  it  his  duty  to  refrain 
from  indicating  any  opinion  on  the  delicate  and  interesting  questions 
suggested  by  Mr.  Wirt.  "  I  have  followed" — he  adds,  in  a  letter  to 
Judge  Carr  expressing  this  determination  — "  the  debate  in  both 
houses  of  Congress,  with  profound  attention  and  with  deep  interest, 
and  have  wished,  most  sincerely,  that  both  the  executive  and  legis- 
lative departments  had  thought  differently  on  the  subject.  Humanity 
must  bewail  the  course  which  is  pursued,  whatever  may  be  the  decision 
of  policy." 

As  might  have  been  expected,  in  a  case  which  had  enlisted  so  much 
feeling,  the  motives  of  the  counsel  for  engaging  in  it  were  questioned 
with  no  little  asperity  by  many  who  stood  in  the  relation  of  partisans 
on  the  side  of  Georgia.  The  publication  of  Mr.  Wirt's  opinion  in 
favour  of  the  Cherokees,  furnished  occasion  for  much  censure  and 
detraction.     He  was  accused  of  taking  part  against  his  own  country 


CuAP.  XV.]  NEWSPAPER   CENSURES.  259 

He  was  charged  also  with  acting  from  considerations  of  personal  pique 
against  an  administration  which  had  supphmtcd  him  and  his  friends. 
Those  who  assailed  him  through  the  public  press  seemed  to  find  it  a 
diiEcult  problem  to  solve  —  how  any  upright  citizen  could  question 
an  executive  proceeding  which  was  intended  to  enlarge  the  national 
domain  :  how  any  such  citizen  could  be  so  bold  as  to  assert  the  rights 
of  the  weak  and  defenceless,  or  plead  the  sanctity  of  the  national  faith 
embodied  in  treaties,  against  the  usurpations  either  of  national  or 
state  authorities. 

Such  attacks  upon  his  motives  Mr.  Wirt  did  not  think  it  becoming 
his  own  self  respect  to  repel  by  any  public  notice.  In  a  letter  to  a 
friend,  he  writes : 

"I  am  insisting  only  on  what  General  "Washington  and  all  his 
successors  have  held  to  be  right;  namely,  that  the  Indians  are  enti- 
tled to  the  protection  guarantied  to  them  by  the  treaties.  If  this 
administration,  for  the  first  time,  has  taken  different  ground,  and  shall 
deny  that  protection  to  them,  I  can  perceive  no  principle  of  morality 
or  patriotism  that  requires  me  to  adopt  this  new-fangled  notion  in 
opposition  to  those  of  Washington,  Jefiei-son,  Madison,  Monroe,  and 
John  Quiney  Adams.  With  all  these  great  men,  I  think  the  Indians 
entitled  to  this  protection ;  and  I  think,  too,  that  the  Supreme  Court 
can  give  it.  In  this  last  position  I  may  be  wrong.  But  thinking  as 
I  do,  and  holding  the  proceedings  of  Georgia  towards  these  poor 
creatures  to  be  most  tyrannical,  as  well  as  unconstitutional,  and,  if 
sufiiered,  that  it  would  be  a  foul  breach  of  faith  on  the  part  of  the 
United  States,  the  disgrace  of  which  the  waters  of  the  ocean  of  Time 
can  never  wash  out,  what  sort  oi  patriotism  is  that  which  could  require 
me  to  refuse  my  professional  services,  when  properly  asked,  to  uphold 
the  honour  of  my  own  country,  and  the  rights  of  these  oppressed 
people  ?  The  prudence  of  the  engagement  is  another  thing.  It  will 
be  pronounced  prudent  or  imprudent,  as  any  man  shall  apply  long  or 
short  measure  to  the  subject.  Those  who  consult  only  the  personal 
convenience  of  the  moment,  will  pronounce  it  imprudent.  This  I  call 
the  short  measure.  But  I  hold  it  most  prudent  always  to  do  our 
duty,  whether  convenient  or  inconvenient.  This  I  call  long  measure. 
If  I  had  declined  this  engagement  from  a  cowardly  fear  of  the  conse- 
quences, I  should  never  have  been  able  to  hold  up  my  head  again. 


260 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


The  curse  of  Kehama  would  have  been  a  benediction,  compared  with 
the  conscious  self-abasement  that  would  have  preyed  upon  me." 

A  correspondence  between  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Madison,  at  this 
period,  will  show  that  whilst  the  former  had  no  doubt  upon  the  ques- 
tion of  the  right  of  the  Indians  in  the  controversy,  yet  that  he  was 
himself  a  decided  advocate  for  their  removal,  if  that  could  be  accom- 
plished with  their  own  consent. 

A  copy  of  the  opinion  upon  the  case  had  been  sent  by  its  author 
to  his  friend,  the  ex-president.     It  produced  the  following  letter : 


MR.    MADISON    TO    MR.   WIRT. 


Dear  Sir  ; 


MoNTPELiER,  October  1,  1830. 


I  have  reeeived  your  "  opinion"  in  the  case  of  the  Cherokees. 


The  views  you  have  presented  of  the  question  between  Georgia 
and  the  Cherokees,  are  a  sufficient  pledge,  if  there  were  no  others,  to 
those  sons  of  the  forest,  now  the  pupils  of  civilization,  that  justice 
will  be  done  to  their  cause,  whether  the  forum  for  its  final  hearino-  be 
a  Federal  Court,  the  American  public,  or  the  civilized  world. 

I  cannot  but  regret  some  of  the  argumentative  appeals  which  have 
been  made  to  the  minds  of  the  Indians.  "What,"  —  they  may  say, 
■ — "  have  we  to  do  with  the  Federal  Constitution,  or  the  relations 
formed  by  it  between  the  Union  and  its  members?  We  were  no 
parties  to  the  compact,  and  cannot  be  affected  by  it."  And  as  to  a 
charter  of  the  King  of  England,  is  it  not  as  much  a  mockery  to  them, 
as  the  bull  of  a  Pope  dividing  a  world  of  discovery  between  the  Span- 
iards and  Portuguese,  was  held  to  be  by  the  nations  who  disowned 
and  disdained  his  authority  ? 

The  plea  with  the  best  aspect  for  dispossessing  Indians  of  the  lands 
on  whicb  they  have  lived,  is  that,  by  not  incorporating  their  labour 
and  associating  fixed  improvements  with  the  soil,  they  have  not  appro- 
priated it  to  themselves,  nor  made  the  destined  use  of  its  capacity  for 
increasing  the  number  and  the  enjoyments  of  the  human  race.  But 
this  plea,  whatever  original  force  be  allowed  it,  is  here  repelled  by  the 
fact  that  the  Indians  are  making  the  very  use  of  that  capacity  which 
the  plea  requires,  enforced  by  the  other  fact  that  the  claimants  them- 
selves, by  their  counsels,  their  exhortations,  and  their  effective  aids, 
have  promoted  that  haj^py  change  in  the  condition  of  the  Indians 
which  is  now  turned  against  them. 

The  most  difficult  problem  is  that  of  reconciling  their  interest  with 
their  rights.  It  is  so  evident  that  they  can  never  be  tranquil  or  happy 
within  the  bounds  of  a  State,  either  in  a  separate  or  subject  character, 


Chap.  XV.] 


LETTER  TO  MR.  MADISON. 


261 


that  a  removal  to  another  home,  if  a  good  one  can  be  found,  may  well 
be  the  wish  of  their  best  friends.  But  the  removal  ought  to  be  made 
voluntarily,  by  adequate  inducements,  present  and  prospective,  and  no 
means  ought  to  be  grudged  which  such  a  measure  may  require. 

I  take  this  occasion,  su',  to  assure  you  of  my  high  esteem  and  my 


cordial  regards. 


James  Madison. 


TO  JAMES  MADISON. 

Baltimore,  October  5,  1830. 
Dear  Sir  : 

I  thank  you  for  your  letter  of  the  1st  instant,  and  concur  with  you 
entirely,  as  to  the  best  mode  of  solving  the  political  problem  with 
regard  to  the  Indians  within  the  bounds  of  the  States.  And  as  I  am 
unwilling  that  you  should  think  me  either  quixotic  or  wicked  —  as  I 
have  been  accused  in  some  of  the  newspapers — in  taking  part  in  this 
exciting  contest,  I  wish  to  inform  you  that  I  have  impressed  the  very 
opinion  you  utter,  upon  the  Indians.  AVhile  the  delegation  was  yet 
with  me  in  consultation  on  this  subject,  and  others  which  had  grown 
out  of  their  treaties,  I  addressed  a  letter  to  John  Ross,  the  principal 
chief  of  the  Cherokee  Nation,  in  which,  adverting  to  a  florid  descrip- 
tion of  the  lands  oflFered  to  them  in  the  West,  in  exchange  for  their 
lands  in  the  States,  which  had  been  given  by  Colonel  JMcKenny,  the 
superintendent  of  Indian  affairs  at  Washington,  to  the  Indian  Board 
at  New  York,  I  say  —  ''Admitting  Mr.  McKenny's  statement  to  be 
true,  there  are  many  in  the  United  States  who  will  think  it  your 
wisest  course  to  remove,  and  I  am  among  them.  My  opinion  is  in 
favour  of  your  right  to  remain,  and  of  your  exemption  from  the  laws 
of  the  neighbouring  States.  I  think  the  right  is  yours  also  on  the 
other  questions  I  have  stated.  But,  still,  if  I  could  be  assured  that 
you  would  gain,  in  exchange  for  your  present  lands,  others  of  equal 
value,  where  you  would  never  again  be  disturbed  by  the  approach  of 
the  whites,  and  where  you  and  your  descendants  would  be  masters 
forever,  and  be  permitted  to  grow  in  peace,  I,  for  one,  would  most 
strenuously  advise  you  to  go,  and  give  up  this  heart-breaking  contest." 


My  situation  in  the  contest  is  one  entirely  unsought  by  me,  and, 
in  truth,  is  a  very  painful  one.  The  President,  having  declared  in 
favour  of  the  right  of  Georgia  to  extend  her  laws  over  the  Cherokees, 
will  place  the  Supreme  Court  in  a  delicate  and  fearful  predicament, 
if  they  should  differ  from  that  opinion ;  and  the  consequences,  what- 
ever they  may  be,  will  be  charged  to  this  controversy,  which  I  shall 
be  accused  of  having  maliciously  fomented.  Yet,  from  the  begin- 
ning, I  have  not  been  able  to  perceive  how  I  could  have  shrunk  from 
the  part  thus  cast  upon  me,  without  admitting  myself  to  have  been 


262 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


unwortliy  of  my  profession.  There  may  be  tliose  ■who  will  think  it 
•was  my  duty  as  a  citizen,  to  have  yielded  to  the  President's  construc- 
tion of  the  treaty,  leaving  these  people  exposed  to  the  legislation  of 
Georgia.  But  you  will  observe,  that  the  act  which  he  considers  as 
having  exposed  them  to  this  consequence,  is  their  having  made  a  con- 
stitution and  laws  within  the  limits  of  Georgia.  To  have  admitted 
this  consequence,  would  have  been  a  tacit  admission  of  the  criminality 
of  all  the  preceding  administrations,  and  all  the  preceding  Congi-csscs, 
who  encouraged  them  to  do  this  very  thing.  Mr.  Jefferson  directly 
encouraged  it,  by  the  answer  which  he  gave  to  the  two  deputations 
from  the  Cherokees  in  1808.  That  the  treaty  rights  of  other  nations 
may  be  invaded  by  laws  of  the  States,  was  contemplated  by  the  Con- 
stitution. The  Supreme  Court,  in  view  of  this,  was  invested  with 
jurisdiction  in  controversies  between  a  State  and  a  foreign  nation. 
By  the  sixth  article  of  the  Constitution,  treaties  are  declared  to  com- 
pose a  part  of  the  supreme  law,  and  the  judges  in  the  several  States 
are  required  to  respect  them,  the  Constitution  or  laws  of  any  State  to 
the  contrary  notwithstanding.  I  cannot  perceive,  therefore,  what 
political  or  moral  impropriety  there  can  be  in  a  professional  man  ex- 
pressing and  defending  judicially  an  honest  opinion  with  regard  to 
these  treaty  rights,  thus  clearly  made  a  judicial  question,  although  he 
may  have  the  misfortune  to  differ  from  the  opinion  of  the  Executive 
upon  them.  Had  this  affair  been  a  private  one,  and  personal  to  my- 
self, I  should  not  have  troubled  you  with  it.  But  it  involves  a  ques- 
tion of  political  morality,  in  which  the  whole  American  community  is 
concerned ;  and  I  set  too  much  store  by  your  good  opinion,  to  leave 
the  motives  of  my  conduct  in  doubt. 

The  argument  against  the  title  of  the  Indians  to  their  lands,  com- 
pared with  the  argument  in  favour  of  our  title  to  them,  presents  the 
strangest  absurdity.  It  is  said  they  have  no  other  title  than  that  of 
having  chased  their  game  over  them,  or  seen  them  from  the  tops  of 
distant  mountains.  And  yet,  we  contend  that  an  English,  Spanish 
or  French  ship,  having  sailed  along  the  coast,  or  entered  the  mouth 
of  a  river,  gains  a  complete  title  by  discovery  to  the  sovereign  of  the 
navigator — not  only  to  the  coast  seen,  but  to  the  un.seen  interior  even 
to  the  unknown  sources  of  rivers,  and  across  to  the  Pacific.  We  say 
again,  that  they  can  ha^-e  no  title  but  to  so  much  land  as  the}'  can 
now  cultivate,  without  any  regard  to  their  increasing  posterity ;  whilst 
we  hold  that  we  have  a  perfect  title  to  millions  upon  millions  of  acres 
confessedly  beyond  our  present  capacity  for  cultivation.  In  their 
improved  condition  as  civilized  agriculturists,  you  will  perceive  that 
the  argument  drawn  from  writers  on  natural  law,  applied  to  them  in 
their  savage  state,  is  unanswerable,  unless  we  admit  the  new  and 
strange  ground,  now  taken,  that  they  had  no  right  to  alter  their  con- 
dition and  to  become  husbandmen.  *  *  *  * 

Yours  most  faithfully, 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Chap.  XV.] 


LETTER  FROM  MR.  MADISON. 


263 


In  answer  to  this,  Mr.  IMadison  wrote,  October  12  : 

Dear  Sir  : 

I  have  received  yours  of  the  5th  instant.  The  explanation  of  your 
motives  in  not  declining  the  cause  of  the  Cherokees,  was  not  needed. 
Of  their  purity  it  was  impossible  for  me  to  entertain  a  doubt.  From 
the  aspect  of  the  public  proceedings  towards  the  Indians  within  the 
bounds  of  the  States,  there  is  much  danger  that  the  character  of  our 
country  will  suffer.  Aud  1  do  not  know  that  any  formal  discussion 
of  the  case  can  make  it  worse ;  whilst,  by  bringing  into  full  view  the 
difficulties  which  beset  it,  those  proceedings  may  possibly  be  mitigated 
in  the  eyes  of  the  world. 

The  circumstance  that  seems  most  to  impair  the  national  character 
of  the  Indians,  is  the  admitted  restriction  on  the  sale  of  their  lands. 
May  not  the  restriction  be  regarded  as  taking  effect  against  and  through 
the  purchasers  ?  It  is  plainly  rightful  against  such  as  are  subject  to 
the  government  imposing  the  restriction,  and  made  so  against  all  the 
subjects  of  the  powers  connected  with  this  continent,  by  the  common 
understanding  among  them,  that  the  subjects  of  each,  in  that  respect, 
should  be  under  the  control  of  the  other.  With  respect  to  individuals, 
if  such  there  be,  who  belong  to  powers  not  parties  to  that  sanction, 
or  who  are  in  a  state  of  expatriation,  the  restriction  must  be  resolved 
into  an  interposition,  benevolent  as  well  as  provident,  against  frauds 
on  the  ignorance  or  other  infirmities  characterizing  the  savage  modes 
of  life. 

With  great  esteem  and  cordial  regard, 

James  Madison, 

The  preparations  of  this  cause,  for  hearing  in  the  Supreme  Court, 
occupied  the  present  year.  They  were  cautiously  made,  and  every 
resource  employed  to  give  the  case  the  advantage  of  a  full  and  deli- 
berate trial.  These  precautions  were  the  more  necessary,  in  view  of 
the  assiduous  zeal  of  partisans  to  prejudice  the  public  mind  on  the 
question.  Amidst  the  storm  of  vituperation  which  beat  upon  the 
head  of  the  leading  counsel  in  the  cause,  he  preserved  an  admirable 
equanimity  and  steadily  performed  his  duty. 

"What  times  have  we  fallen  upon,"  — he  writes  at  this  juncture, 
to  his  friend  Carr  —  "  when  a  man  cannot  pursue  his  profession  ho- 
nestly, quietly  and  decently,  without  being  dragged  into  the  papers 
and  dragooned  into  a  political  partisan.,  nolens  volens  !  But  it  will  be 
all  in  vain  with  me.  I  shall  hold  on  my  course  calmly  and  firmly. 
Let  them  do  their  worst.  A  politician  they  shall  not  make  me,  what- 
ever they  represent  me  to  be.     is  a  right  good  fellow  in  every- 


264 


THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1830. 


tiling  but  liis  Georgia  politics.  But  the  Indian  question  is  a  chord  of 
insanity  to  many.  They  are  hardly  responsible  for  what  they  do 
under  the  influence  of  the  mania  which  has  seized  them.  Heaven 
knows  to  what  lengths  they  will  carry  it,  supported  as  they  are  at 
"Washington.  It  was  with  great  difficulty  they  were  restrained,  by 
the  energy  of  Mr.  Monroe  and  Mr.  Adams,  from  moving  on  the  In- 
dians sword  in  hand.  But  I  shall  try  their  metal  with  the  Constitu- 
tion of  the  United  States,  if  I  can  get  a  question  into  the  Supreme 
Court.  I  have  determined  to  move  no  farther  on  my  own  opinion 
merely.  I  have  written  to  the  principal  Chief  that  he  must  consult 
some  of  the  first  lawyers  in  the  country  before  we  go  farther.  Ser- 
geant is  engaged  with  me.  He  concurs  in  my  opinion.  Binney, 
Kent,  Spencer  and  Webster,  will  be  consulted,  and  I  hope  Chapman 
Johnson,  Leigh  and  Stanard.  The  Chcrokees  are  not  rich,  and  their 
funds  have  been  embarrassed  by  the  new  mode  adopted  in  paying 
their  annuities.  Instead  of  being  paid  to  the  nation  in  solldo,  as 
always  has  been  done  heretofore,  they  are  doled  out  in  driblets  to  the 
individuals  of  the  nation— as  if  the  design  were  to  disable  them  from 
supporting  this  controversy." 

Turning  from  this  subject  for  the  present,  to  resume  it  hereafter, 
we  have  to  notice  in  the  following  letter,  amongst  other  things,  that 
an  attempt  was  made  at  this  period,  in  Maryland,  to  induce  Mr.  Wirt 
to  forego  his  often  repeated  resolve,  and  to  enter  the  political  arena  as 
a  candidate  for  public  service.  It  was  proposed  to  nominate  him  for 
the  representation  in  Congress  of  the  district  which  included  the  city 
of  Baltimore ;  and  his  friends  had  led  him  to  believe  that  the  State 
would  be  gratified  by  an  opportunity  to  present  him  to  the  Senate  of 
the  United  States,  when  the  term  of  the  incumbent  then  holding  this 
post  should  expire.  The  manner  in  which  these  propositions  were 
received  by  him,  is  characteristic,  although  we  may  perceive  in  it 
some  relaxation  of  the  rigour  of  his  former  resolves : 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Baltimore,  June  16,  1830. 

I  have  been  attending  our  Court  of  Appeals  on  the  Eastern  Shore, 
my  dear  friend,  and  got  home  only  last  evening.  I  went  on  a  special 
call  and  gave  them  an  harangue.     There  were  twenty  or  thirty  ladies 


Chap.  XV.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


265 


in  the  court-room  to  hear  mc  on  a  dry  question  of  law.  It  is  said  to 
be  the  first  time  that  a  lady  has  ever  been  seen  in  the  court-room,  for 
her  own  pleasure.  It  is  somewhat  strange  to  me  that,  although  I 
have  been  a  strict  reasoner  ever  since  I  crossed  the  Potomac,  the  sins 
of  my  youth,  in  the  way  of  rhetoric,  should  cling  to  me  so  pertina- 
ciously, that  ladies  should  be  continually  flocking  wherever  I  am  to 
speak  in  a  new  place, — and  only  to  be  disappointed.  I  suppose  it  is 
a  compliment :  but  I  have  so  little  vanity  on  this  score,  that  it  is  a 
compliment  I  would  gladly  dispense  with.  It  is  an  insinuation  of  a 
light  and  florid  turn  of  thinking,  which  is  not  to  my  taste.  But,  as 
you  say, — let  that  pass. 

I  suppose  you  are  right  about  our  obligations  to  our  country.  It  is 
not  my  own  personal  convenience,  my  dear  friend,  that  I  should  ever 
think  of  consulting  in  such  a  case.  It  is  my  wife  and  children  whom 
I  must  necessarily  leave  before  long,  and  I  cannot  bear  to  think  of 
leaving  them  poor  and  dependent  on  this  vile  world.  For  this  reason 
I  have  toiled,  day  and  night,  exclusively  in  my  profession,  and  I  am 
willing,  nay  desirous,  to  do  so  still,  in  the  hope  that  Grod  will  be 
pleased  to  bless  my  exertions  in  their  behulf  I  have  an  utter  distaste 
to  politics.  I  hate,  from  my  heart,  all  its  vile  intrigues  and  cabals.  I 
am  and  have  been  peaceable  and  quiet,  by  keeping  aloof  from  its 
"brawls  and  brangles," — as  Daniel  Call  used  to  say — and  shudder  at 
the  idea  of  marring  my  tranquillity  in  my  old  age,  when  I  feel  that  I 
stand  more  in  need  of  it  than  ever.  I  hate  all  quarrelling,  lying  and 
slandering,  and  the  hot  blood  and  feverish  contentions  which,  now-a- 
days,  at  least,  seem  inseparable  from  a  political  life.  In  the  paper  of 
this  morning,  I  see  my  name  put  up  as  a  candidate  for  Congress  in 
this  district,  and  the  strong  hope  expressed  that  I  will  agree  to  serve. 
I  never  had  a  hint  of  it  before,  and  sincerely  wish  they  would  let  me 
alone.  I  shall  certainly  not  canvass  for  this  or  any  other  office.  If 
they  do  put  me  up,  I  hope  and  believe  I  shall  not  be  elected;  for  this 
district  is  one  of  the  strongest  holds  of  Jacksonism  in  the  State.  Be- 
sides, the  people  require  a  courtship  which  they  will  never  receive 
from  me.  I  have  not  the  pride  of  Coriolanus,  but  I  shall  never  stoop 
to  ask  an  oSice.  I  have  always  disapproved,  upon  principle,  this 
business  of  canvassing.  I  was  elected  once  for  Richmond,  but  I  had 
no  hand  in  it;  and  as  the  matter  will  not  be  one  of  my  seeking, — 
but,  on  the  contrary,  is  exceedingly  undesirable  to  me,  I  "should  be  a 
madman  to  solicit  an  election. 

You  know  the  world  well  enough  to  know  that,  with  these  senti- 
ments, my  repose  is  in  no  great  danger  of  being  disturbed,  by  having 
these  honours  thrust  upon  me  which  others  seek  so  strenuously.  If 
they  should  choose,  hereafter,  to  send  me  to  the  Senate — that  I  should 
not  refuse.  But  the  time  for  doing  that  is  a  good  way  off",  and  .Maryland 
may  throw  another  somerset  before  that  day  comes,  —  or  I  may  sink 

Vol.  II.  —  23 


266 


PUBLIC  DISCOURSES. 


[1330. 


out  of  view,  and  be  left  to  my  peace.         *         *         *         Party  is 
high  and  hot  here.     It  is  a  Moloch  to  which  I  will  never  sacrifice. 
*  *  -X-  *  *  * 

Your  friend, 

"Wm.  Wirt. 

So  little  encouragement  was  given  to  the  enterprise  of  making  the 
writer  of  this  letter  a  candidate  on  this  occasion,  that  it  was  dropped. 
On  the  same  subject,  he  wrote  to  his  son-in-law  in  Florida : — 

"■  They  have  been  pressing  me  here  to  become  a  politician ;  but  I 
think  of  Monticello  and  Oakhill,*  and  shake  my  head.  So  much  for 
patriotism  and  political  honour  and  glory !  Let  them  seek  it,  who 
choose.  I  will  have  none  of  it.  My  ambition  is  to  slip  through  the 
sequel  of  my  life  as  level  and  as  quietly  as  I  can.  They  are  making 
a  noise  about  me  in  the  papers,  in  consequence  of  having  done  my 
duty  by  my  Indian  clients.  I  shall  go  on  without  concern,  and  do 
mj  duty  still.  I  have  a  higher  bar  to  answer  at  than  any  in  this 
world,  and  if  I  can  secure  a  judgment  there,  I  care  little  for  what  the 
unworthy  may  say  of  me  here." 

During  this  year,  Mr.  Wirt  was  twice  invited  to  deliver  discourses 
in  public.  He  accepted  the  invitation  in  both  cases.  The  first,  was 
to  make  an  address  to  the  two  literary  societies  of  Rutger's  College, 
in  New  Jersey.  He  repaired  to  New  Brunswick,  and  performed  this 
duty  in  July.  The  address  was  delivered  in  the  College,  before  a 
large  audience,  and  was  received  with  a  degree  of  favour  that  drew 
upon  him  —  to  use  his  own  expression  —  "  showers  of  compliments 
from  every  quarter."  "  Southard  thinks  well  of  it"  — he  tells  Carr, 
in  a  tone  which  implies  his  own  satisfaction,  not  less  than  it  conveys  a 
delicate  tribute  of  praise  to  the  friendly  critic — laudari  laudato  viro. 

This  discourse  presented  the  orator  an  occasion  to  indulge  in  a 
favourite  theme  —  the  education  of  youth.  It  is  written  in  a  more 
subdued  and  didactic  character  than  is  usual  in  what  we  have  seen 
published  from  the  pen  of  Mr.  Wirt.  It  is  eminently  entitled  to  fre- 
quent perusal  by  the  student  who  has  not  yet  set  his  foot  beyond  the 
college  threshold.  He  will  find  in  it  the  treasured  experience  of  a 
safe  and  skilful  guide,  imparted  in  the  earnest  language  of  an  eloquent 
mind,  and  commended  to  his  afiections  by  the  kindliest  and  most 


*  Tbe  seat  of  Mr.  Monroe. 


Chap.  XVI.]         IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


26T 


parental  solicitude.  The  professors  of  tlie  College  told  him  that  they 
expected  great  profit  from  this  discourse  to  their  pupils;  and  Dr. 
Green,  formerly  the  president  of  Princeton  College,  said,  on  taking 
his  hand,  "  I  am  an  old  man,  sir,  but  I  have  brought  one  of  my  sons 
to  hear  you,  and  I  hope  he  will  derive  much  good  from  the  noble 
sentiments  he  has  heard  so  well  expressed." 

The  other  discourse  was  delivered  in  Baltimore,  on  the  28th  of 
October,  upon  a  public  celebration  there  of  the  revolution  in  France, 
accomplished  in  the  Three  Days  of  July.  It  was  hastily  prepared,  in 
compliance  with  what  might  almost  be  regarded  as  a  command  from 
the  city,  and  constituted  the  most  prominent  object  of  attention  in  a 
popular  jubilee,  attended  with  much  pageantry  and  parade.  The 
author,  desirous  not  to  appear  *' disgracious  in  the  City's  eyes," 
promptly  and  cheerfully  performed  the  duty  assigned  to  him.  The 
occasion  furnished  no  great  scope  for  anything  beyond  rhetorical  de- 
clamation. The  address,  too,  bears  the  marks  of  the  rapidity  with 
which  it  was  written.  As  it  is  evidently  a  production  upon  which 
Mr.  Wirt  bestowed  but  little  care,  and  which  seems  to  have  sprung 
much  more  from  the  desire  to  oblige,  than  from  the  fervour  of  a  mind 
which  takes  pleasure  in  imparting  its  thoughts,  it  is  entitled  to  an 
exemption  from  that  comment  which  a  graver  or  more  genial  labour 
would  challenge. 


CHAPTER   XVI. 


1831. 


IMPEACHMENT   OF   JUDGE    PECK. OUTLINE   OF   THE   CASE.- 

TRIAL.  —  EXTRACTS   FROM   THE   SPEECH   OP   MR.    WIRT. 


-THE 


The  impeachment  of  James  H.  Peck,  a  Judge  of  the  District  Court 
of  the  United  States,  for  the  District  of  ]Missouri,  was  resolved  by  the 
House  of  Representatives,  on  the  22d  of  April,  1830. 

In  December,  1826,  it  was  first  brought  to  the  consideration  of 
Congress  by  the  memorial  of  Luke  Edward  Lawless,  a  citizen  of  ]Mis- 


2G8 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


souri,  and  a  member  of  the  bar  of  tliat  State.  The  Judiciary  Com- 
mittee of  the  House  of  Representatives,  to  whom  this  paper  was  then 
referred,  and  of  which  Mr.  Webster  was  chairman,  reported  against 
the  comjjlaint,  in  that  brief  form  known  to  parliamentary  usage  which 
suggests  that  the  petitioner  have  leave  to  withdraw  his  petition.  It 
was  renewed  at  the  second  session  of  the  next  Congi-ess,  but  with  no 
better  success.  The  committee  to  whom  it  was  referred,  neglected  or 
declined  to  make  a  report. 

The  House  of  Representatives,  which  met  in  December,  1829 — 
the  fii'st  which  was  elected  under  the  new  administration  —  found  the 
revived  memorial  of  Mr.  Lawless  amongst  the  earliest  business  which 
was  submitted  to  their  attention.  On  the  15th  of  December,  the 
record  shows  that  it  was  committed,  as  heretofore,  to  the  Judiciary 
Committee.  That  committee  consisted  of  Messrs.  Buchanan,  of 
Pennsylvania,  Wickliffe,  Davis,  Bouldin,  Ellsworth  and  White. 
After  an  examination  of  several  witnesses,  they  reported,  upon  the 
23d  of  March,  1830,  a  resolution  of  impeachment.  Judge  Peck  pre- 
sented a  reply  to  the  charges  brought  against  him  :  a  debate  ensued, 
and  finally,  upon  a  division  of  one  hundred  and  twenty-three  to  forty- 
nine,  it  was  resolved  that  the  Judge  be  impeached  of  high  misde- 
meanours in  office.  Messrs.  Buchanan,  Storrs,  McDuffie,  Ambrose 
Spencer,  and  Wickliife,  were  appointed  a  committee  to  prepare  and 
report  the  articles  of  impeachment.  These  gentlemen  were  the  lead- 
ing lawyers  of  the  House,  and  distinguished  throughout  the  country 
for  their  forensic  talent.  They  were  subsequently  elected  to  be  the 
managers  to  conduct  the  trial.  Judge  Peck  was  arraigned  upon  a 
charge  of  oppressive  administration  in  his  judicial  ofiice,  in  his  con- 
duct towards  the  memorialist,  Mr.  Lawless.  This  charge  may  be 
briefly  presented  in  the  following  narrative  : 

Mi\  Lawless  was  counsel  for  the  Representatives  of  Antoine  Soulard, 
in  a  suit  brought  by  them,  in  the  District  Court  of  Missouri,  against 
the  United  States,  to  obtain  the  confirmation  of  their  claim  to  certain 
lands  in  that  State.  Upon  a  full  hearing  of  the  case,  the  Judge,  in 
December  1825,  rendered  a  final  decree  against  the  claimants.  An 
appeal  was  taken  from  this  decree,  to  the  Supreme  Court.  After  this 
appeal,  and  after  the  close  of  the  term  of  the  court.  Judge  Peck  was 
induced  to  write  out  the  opinion  he  had  delivered  in  the  cause,  and  to 


Chap.  XVI.]         IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK.  269 

publisli  it  in  "the  Missouri  Republican,"  a  newspaper  of  St.  Louis. 
This  opinion  Laving  attracted  the  attention  of  Mr.  Lawless,  produced 
from  him  an  anonymous  review  or  reply,  which  was  published,  iu 
about  ten  days  after  the  appearance  of  the  first  paper,  in  "the  Mis- 
souri Advocate  and  St.  Louis  Enquirer."  Its  professed  object  was 
"  to  point  the  attention  of  the  public  to  some  of  the  principal  errors," 
which,  the  writer  affirmed,  he  had  discovered  in  the  opinion — and  it 
enumerated,  in  regular  series,  eighteen  propositions  in  which  he  sup- 
posed the  Judge  to  be  mistaken  iu  the  law  or  the  facts.  This  paper 
was  signed  "  A  Citizen,"  and  purports  to  be  written  by  one  who  heard 
the  opinion  delivered  at  the  bar. 

At  the  next  term  of  the  court,  which  occurred  in  April,  the  Judge, 
having  ascertained  that  the  strictures  upon  his  opinion  were  written 
by  the  counsel,  was  sufficiently  offanded  to  institute  proceedings  against 
him  for  a  contempt.  The  result  was  an  order  to  commit  Mr.  Lawless 
to  prison  for  twenty-four  hours,  and  his  suspension  from  practice  in 
the  court  for  eighteen  months : — which  proceedings  were  alleged,  in 
the  articles  of  impeachment,  to  be  "  to  the  great  disparagement  of 
public  justice,  the  abuse  of  judicial  authority,  and  to  the  subversion 
of  the  liberties  of  the  people  of  the  United  States."  Mr.  "\Vu-t  and 
Mr.  Meredith  of  Baltimore,  were  retained  by  Judge  Peck  as  his 
counsel. 

The  answer  of  Judge  Peck  was  prepared  by  Mr.  "Wirt,  and  was 
submitted  to  the  Senate  of  the  United  States,  sitting  as  a  High  Court 
of  Impeachment,  on  the  25th  of  May. 

The  defence  of  the  Judge  presents  an  elaborate  statement  of  the 
character  of  a  large  number  of  land  claims,  of  which  that  of  the 
petitioners  was  one,  all  of  which  depended  on  the  same  principles,  and 
a  full  discussion  of  the  questions  controverted  by  the  counsel  in  his 
review  of  the  published  opinion.  It  states  further  that  the  Judge's 
opinion  in  the  Soulard  case,  was  delivered  verbally  in  court,  and  was 
published  at  the  request  of  several  members  of  the  bar  who  were  in- 
terested iu  the  parallel  cases.  That  the  subsequent  review  of  this 
opinion  by  Mr.  Lawless,  the  Judge  regarded  as  a  contempt  of  the 
court, — because  it  misrepresented  that  opinion  in  a  manner  calculated 
to  bring  the  court  into  "  disrepute,  contempt  and  ridicule."  Because, 
also,  there  were  other  claims  still  pending,  in  which  Mr.  Lawless  was 
23* 


270 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


counsel  for  the  petitioners,  wliicli  claims  were  of  tte  same  character 
and  rested  on  the  same  general  principles  as  Soulard's  case.  That 
the  publication  of  these  strictures  had  a  tendency  to  prejudice  the 
public  mind  on  the  subject,  and  to  excite  the  resentment  of  a  nume- 
rous body  of  claimants  and  their  connections,  against  the  Judge  who 
alone  composed  the  court.  That,  although  the  case  was  pending,  on 
appeal  in  the  Supreme  Court,  it  was  liable  to  be  remanded  for  further 
proceedings,  in  which  event  it  might  be  prejudiced  by  the  publication 
of  the  counsel. 

The  defence,  then  entering  into  a  minute  analysis  of  the  strictures, 
with  a  view  to  show  that  they  were  written  in  a  contemptuous  and 
derogatory  spirit  against  the  opinion  of  the  court,  admits  the  proceed- 
ings against  the  counsel,  alleging  that  all  the  forms  of  law  were  duly 
observed.  It  states  that  the  court,  having  attached  him  for  contempt, 
tendered  to  him  the  usual  privilege  of  purging  himself  from  the 
charge ;  that  he  was  asked  if  he  desired  to  have  interrogatories  ex- 
hibited, to  which  his  reply  was, — that  if  exhibited,  he  would  not 
answer  them  :  that,  in  open  defiance  and  contempt  of  the  opinion  of 
the  court,  he  read,  in  open  court,  a  paper  which  re-asserted  the  truth 
of  the  publication,  signed  "A  Citizen."  That  the  court  considering 
these  acts  as  contumacious  and  an  aggravation  of  the  first  contempt, 
did  pass  the  sentence  against  him  as  set  forth  in  the  charge. 

The  preliminary  proceedings  having  now  been  settled,  no  farther 
steps  were  taken  in  the  trial  until  the  following  December. 

The  trial  began  on  the  20th  of  that  month,  and  was  continued, 
with  occasional  intermissions,  until  the  31st  of  January,  1831. 

I  should,  in  vain,  endeavour  to  abridge  this  case  within  the  limits 
which  the  plan  of  this  Memoir  allows,  and  to  furnish  even  an  outline 
of  the  questions  which  were  brought  into  discussion  in  the  progi'ess 
of  the  trial.  Much  less  could  I  furnish  any  accurate  exhibition  of 
the  character  of  the  eloquence  which  was  manifested  by  the  speakers 
on  both  sides.  As  a  parliamentary  proceeding,  this  case  will  always 
attract  the  highest  consideration  from  those  who  are  interested  in  the 
study  of  grave  and  autlioritative  precedent.  The  trial  is  remarkable 
for  the  ability  displayed  by  those  who  conducted  it ;  not  less  so  for  its 
dignified  and  scrupulous  conformity  M'ith  the  best  usages  known  to 
parliamentary  law;  for  its  calm  and  dispassionate  justice;  for  the 


Chap.  XVI.] 


THE  TRIAL. 


271 


august  character  of  the  tribunal,  and  the  great  value  of  the  questions 
in  debate.  I  can  only  refer  my  reader  to  the  public  volume  •which 
contains  the  report  of  the  trial,  for  that  full  account  of  it  which  alone 
would  satisfy  him  who  desires  to  become  acquainted  with  a  proceeding 
so  conspicuous  in  our  Senatorial  annals.  My  purpose  here  is  to  ex- 
tract some  passages  from  Mr.  Wirt's  speech  on  the  trial,  which  I  think 
will  exhibit  a  fair  specimen  of  the  style  of  the  orator,  and  of  his 
manner  of  ti'eating  the  most  popular  topics  which  the  occasion  sup- 
plied. 

The  chief  points  which  occupied  the  counsel  on  both  sides,  were 
those  which  related  to  the  liberty  of  the  press  and  the  right  to  publish 
comments  on  questions  pending  in  the  courts,  and  to  the  limitations 
upon  the  power  of  the  courts  to  punish  for  contempts.  Upon  this 
latter  point  the  argument  is  very  full ;  and,  perhaps,  it  is  not  too  much 
to  say  of  the  trial,  that  it  affords  the  most  able  and  complete  exposition 
of  the  doctrine  of  contempts  and  of  the  judicial  decisions  relating  to 
it,  to  be  found  in  the  records  of  legal  opinion.  Mr.  Wirt's  argument 
upon  this  topic  is  presented  with  singular  force,  and  furnishes  an 
admirable  example  of  logical  analysis  embellished  by  the  happiest 
oratory.  Indeed,  this  speech  throughout,  is  remarkable  for  its  power 
and  beauty,  and  will  always  be  regarded  as  one  of  the  best  in  the 
literature  to  which  it  belongs.  It  is  the  only  speech  of  Mr.  Wirt's, 
with  the  exception  of  that  on  Burr's  trial,  which  has  ever  been  so 
fully  reported,  as  to  enable  one  who  had  never  heard  him  to  form  a 
competent  opinion  of  his  faculty  as  an  accomplished  lawj'er.  Yet, 
even  in  this  report,  which  was  carefully  revi-sed  by  himself  some 
months  after  the  termination  of  the  trial,  I  am  informed  by  those  who 
heard  the  argument,  that  many  of  the  finer  and  more  delicate  passages 
which  attracted  the  commendation  of  the  by-standers  in  the  delivery, 
have  escaped  from  the  memory  of  the  reporter. 

At  the  commencement  of  the  trial,  the  public  feeling  is  said  to  have 
been  greatly  against  Judge  Peck.  The  managers  seemed  to  be  deeply 
and  sincerely  impressed  with  the  conviction  that  the  proceeding  against 
him  was  due  to  the  public  interest.  The  charge  itself  was  of  a  cha- 
racter to  excite  a  prejudice  against  the  accused,  upon  slight  proof. 
One  of  the  managers  was  sufficiently  wrought  upon  by  his  own  re- 
view of  the  facts  of  the  case,  to  say  in  his  speech  —  "If  I  had  been 


272 


SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


[1831 


thus  made  the  -sactim  of  judicial  vengeance  and  judicial  tyranny;  if 
I  had  been  sentenced  to  an  ignominious  punishment,  by  an  act  of 
flagrant  usurpation,  and  reviled  and  calumniated  as  Mr.  Lawless  was, 
by  the  tyrant  who  pronounced  the  unlawful  and  iniquitous  sentence, 
I  should  have  been  almost  irresistibly  impelled  by  the  highest  im- 
pulses of  my  nature,  to  drag  the  judicial  monster  from  the  seat  he 
disgraced,  as  Virginius  dragged  the  tyrant  Appius  from  the  throne  he 
had  polluted."  When  such  sentiments  found  utterance  in  the  Senate 
Chamber,  we  may  believe  that  they  were  entertained,  even  with 
exaggeration,  out  of  doors. — By  degrees,  as  the  trial  drew  towards  its 
end,  this  acrimony  of  opinion  grew  less  severe ;  and  when  Mr.  Wirt 
closed  the  defence,  it  was  apparent,  everywhere  throughout  the  multi- 
tude of  both  sexes  who  crowded  the  Hall  of  the  Senate  to  hear  him, 
that  the  public  judgment  had  taken  a  most  favourable  direction  to- 
wards the  acquittal  of  the  accused.  The  trial  lasted  sis  weeks.  On 
the  31st  of  January  the  vote  on  the  question  of  guilty  or  not  guilty 
was  taken.  It  required  two-thirds  of  the  Senate  to  convict.  The 
vote  stood  twenty-one  for  conviction,  twenty-two  against  it :  so  the 
Judge  was  acquitted. 

With  this  cursory  narrative  of  the  case  I  proceed  to  make  the  fol- 
lowing extracts  from  the  speech  of  Mr.  Wirt : 

"  Mr.  President :  Something  is  continually  occurring  to  humble  the 
vanity  of  man  with  regard  to  his  boasted  intellect,  and  to  draw  a  sigh 
of  regret  from  every  reflecting  bosom  at  witnessing  the  inability  of 
human  reason  to  contend  with  human  prejudice.  That  the  weak,  the 
vicious  and  the  interested  should  be  the  victims  of  this  prejudice,  is 
too  common  an  occurrence  to  excite  surprise;  but  that  the  strong,  the 
enlightened,  the  virtuous,  should  sufter  the  same  kind  of  eclipse,  is  a 
practical  lesson  on  human  infirmity  well  calculated  to  teach  charity  to 
us  all.  Seeing  as  we  do,  every  day,  what  opposite  conclusions  are 
drawn,  and  sincerely  and  honestly  drawn,  from  the  same  premises, 
and  how  much  of  feeling  is  blended  with  the  best  operations  of  our 
reason,  what  candid  man  is  there  among  us  who  can  arrogate  to  him- 
self the  exclusive  right  to  take  the  moral  chair  and  to  arraign  the 
motives  of  his  neighbour  ?  I  have  laboured  to  look  at  the  evidence 
in  this  case  as  abstractedly  and  disinterestedly  as  if  I  were  myself  to 
pass  judgment  upon  it;  and  thus  looking  at  it,  I  have  listened  with 
perfect  amazement  to  the  feelings  of  horror  expressed  by  the  honour- 
able managers  at  the  contemplation  of  the  same  picture  which  has  left 
me  perfectly  placid  and  serene.     How  can  I  account  for  this  but  on 


Chap.  XVI.]  SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


273 


the  presumption  tliat  there  is  some  cloud  of  prejudice,  on  the  one 
side  or  the  other,  which  intercepts  the  view,  and  prevents  us  from 
seeing  things  as  they  really  are  ?     I  look  in  vain  at  the  evidence  for 
anything  to  justify  those  rhapsodies  of  horror  which  have  been  so 
profusely  poured  forth  here ;  and  as  I  cannot  see  this  horror  in  the 
picture,  I  am  forced  to  conclude  that  it  exists  only  in  the  imagination 
of  the  beholder.     There  is  certainly  some  ftvtal  prejudice  at  work  on 
the  one  side  or  the  other.     It  may  be  on  my  own.     I  am  fully  aware 
that  the  relation  of  advocate  which  I  bear  towards  the  respondent, 
and  those  kind  and  friendly  feelings  which  the  long  and  close  intimacy 
generated  by  this  prosecution  has  produced  between  us,  and  whhch  I 
think  it  will"  be  impossible  for  any  man  to  refuse  to  him  after  such  an 
intercourse,  may  have  disqualified  me  for  judging  fairly  of  his  case. 
On  the  other  hand,  it  seems  to  me  that  the  honourable  managers  have 
come  to  the  examination  of  this  case  under  so  strong  a  prejudication 
of  the  guilt  of  the  respondent,  that  the  most  trivial  circumstances 
loom  into  consequence  before  them,  and  chaiF  and  straw  become  a 
forest  uptorn  by  a  hurricane,  and  darkening  the  light  of  the  sun.  This 
honourable  Court  will  judge  between  us.     But  after  hearing  the  evi- 
dence, noting  it  carefully,  and,  so  far  as  I  could,  verbatim;  after 
reviewing  it  as  I  have  done,  again  and  again,  to  what  other  cause  than 
some  fiital  prejudice  can  I  ascribe  it,  that  this  man,  whose  character 
you  have  heard  .from  the  most  respectable  gentlemen  in  Missouri, 
should  have  been  held  up  before  this  Court,  day  after  day,  as  a  'judi- 
cial tyrant,'  '  a  monster  infuriated  by  the  malignity  of  his  passions,^ 
'  a  madman,  blind  with  rage,  striding  over  the  fallen  constitution  and 
laws  of  his  country,  to  grasp  his  victim  and  inflict  vengeance  tipon 
him  for  no  other  offence  than  presuming,  in  respectful  language,  to 
question  the  correctness  of  one  of  his  judicial  opinions  f     Yet  all 
this  and  much  more  has  been  said,  and  said  with  invocations  and  ap- 
peals to  the  Almighty  such  as  were  never  before  heard  within  these 
walls,  and,  I  humbly  trust,  will  never  be  heard  again.     Not  only  has 
this  unfortunate  man  been  thus  held  up  before  this  honourable  Court, 
and  before  the  crowded  galleries  that  have  continually  attended  this 
trial,  but  I  perceive  by  the  public  papers  that  this  hideous  caricature 
has  been  sent  throughout  the  nation  with  all  the  wings  that  genius 
and  eloquence  can  give  it.     It  has  been  seen  by  thousands  who  will 
know  nothing  of  the  evidence,  and  who  will,  of  course,  take  the  picture 
as  true,  on  the  credit  of  the  honourable  manager  by  whom  it  has  been 
emblazoned ;  and  long  ere  this,  I  do  not  doubt  that  many  an  anxious 
father  in  the  remotest  parts  of  our  country  has  been  addressing  his 
son,  with  this  paper  in  his  hand — '  See  here,  my  son,  what  a  horrible 
being  the  Senate  of  the  United  States  have  now  before  them  —  see 
what  a  monster  a  man  may  become  by  the  unbridled  indulgence  of  his 
passions  —  take  warning  by  this — and  if  your  country  should  ever 
elevate  you  to  office  and  honour,  beware  of  your  passions  —  beware 


274 


SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


[1831. 


of  pride,  revenge  and  cruelty,  lest  you  become  such  another  monster 
as  this,  and  bring  down  the  gray  hairs  of  your  father  with  sorrow  to 
the  grave.  Even  this  wretch,  Peck,  may  have  had  respectable  parents, 
and  may  have  been  once  their  darling  hope  and  joy — yet  we  see  how 
he  has  blasted  their  hopes,  turned  their  joy  into  sorrow,  and  covered 
all  his  connections  with  shame  and  confusion.' 

"  How  long  must  it  be  before  this  cruel  error  can  be  corrected ! 
How  long  must  it  be  before  the  people  of  the  United  States  can  be 
made  to  understand  that. some  of  the  most  enlightened  and  respectable 
gentlemen  of  Missouri  have  come  before  this  Court  and  deposed,  upon 
their  oaths,  that  this  alleged  monster  is  one  of  the  most  mild  and 
patient  of  men  ? — meek  and  kind  and  charitable  in  private  life — gentle, 
respectful,  polite  and  courteous  on  the  bench ;  and,  in  the  simple  and 
touching  language  of  one  of  those  witnesses.  Judge  Kerr,  '  so  amia- 
ble, as  to  be  very  dear  to  all  who  know  him.'  Sir,  even  the  witnesses 
against  the  respondent  admit  that  such  is  his  general  character.  While 
some  of  them  say  that  he  was  tvarmer  than  usual  in  the  particular 
instance  under  consideration,  they  all  agree  that  his  usual  temper  and 
manner  are  marked  with  great  mildness,  patience  and  courtes}^,  both 
towards  the  bar  and  the  suitors  before  him.  Sir,  with  this  evidence 
before  me,  to  what  else  can  I  ascribe  that  tragical  and  horror-stricken 
exhibition  which  has  been  made  of  the  respondent  by  the  honourable 
managers,  than  to  some  dark  and  immovable  cloud  of  prejudice  which 
hides  his  real  character  from  their  view  ? 


"  Mr.  President,  there  is  no  good  that  does  exist  or  can  exist,  unless 
guarded  by  restraint.  The  best  things  that  we  enjoy,  the  noblest 
qualities  that  we  possess,  become  vicious  by  excess.  Mercy  degene- 
rates into  weakness,  generosity  into  waste,  economy  into  penury,  justice 
into  cruelty,  ambition  into  crime.  In  advancing  this  sentiment,  can 
any  man  justly  accuse  me  of  hostility  to  those  virtues  which  I  would 
restrain  from  shooting  into  vices  ?  Yet,  in  sound  logic,  there  would 
be  quite  as  much  candour  and  justice  in  such  a  charge  as  in  accusing 
the  respondent  of  hostility  and  contempt  towards  the  liberty  of  the 
press,  because  he  has  said  that  if  unrestrained  it  must  degenerate  into 
licentiousness.  Sir,  this  principle  of  restraint  has  the  sanction  of 
Almighty  wisdom  itself,  for  it  is  impressed  on  every  part  of  the  phy- 
sical as  well  as  the  moral  world.  The  planets  are  kept  in  their  orbits 
by  the  restraint  of  attraction;  but  for  this  law,  the  whole  sj-stem 
would  rush  into  inextricable  confusion  and  ruin.  Does  it  detract 
from  the  simplicity,  the  beauty,  the  grandeur  of  this  system,  to  say 
that  one  of  the  laws  which  upholds  it  is  the  law  of  restraint  ?  Is  it 
not  to  the  restrained  position  of  the  earth  that  we  owe  the  revolution 
of  the  seasons,  M'ith  all  their  appropriate  and  successive  enjoyments ; 
and  to  its  restrained  revolution  towards  the  sun  that  we  owe  the  relief 
of  day  and  night,  the  seasons  of  labour  and  repose  ?     "What  hinders 


Chap.  XVI.l  SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE.  275 

the  vine  from  wasting  its  juices  in  wild  and  fruitless  luxuriance,  but 
the  restraint  of  the  pruning-hook,  and  the  discipline  of  the  training 
hand?  What  hinders  the  product  of  that  vine  from  becoming  a 
universal  curse,  but  the  restraint  of  temperance  ?  What  gives  to 
civilized  society  its  finest  charm,  but  the  restraints  of  decorum,  of 
mutual  respect,  of  honour,  confidence,  kindness,  hospitality  ?  To  what 
do  we  owe  the  very  proceeding  in  which  we  are  engaged,  and  the 
advantage  of  calm  and  regular  discussion,  but  to  the  restraints  of  the 
Constitution,  of  settled  rules  of  proceeding,  and  of  that  courtesy  and 
forbearance  which  we  are  happy  in  interchanging  with  our  honourable 
opponents  ?  Look  where  you  will,  then,  sir,  above  you,  around  you, 
below  you,  you  see  that  the  great  conservative  principle  is  restraint — 
that  same  restraint  which  holds  human  society  itself  together.  And 
does  it  derogate  from  the  value  of  the  liberty  of  the  press,  or  is  it,  in 
fair  reasoning,  any  impeachment  of  a  man's  respect  for  it,  to  say  that 
that,  like  all  other  human  blessings,  requires  the  purifying  and  con- 
servative principle  of  restraint  ?  And  yet  this  is  the  head  and  front 
of  the  respondent's  oQ'ending  in  this  particular;  and  it  is  for  advanc- 
ing this  sentiment  that  the  fiery  tempest  has  been  poured  upon  his 
head.  Sir,  I  must  take  leave  to  say,  and  I  am  guilty  of  no  disrespect 
in  saying  it,  that  the  respondent  feels  as  deep  a  reverence  for  the 
liberty  of  the  press,  as  its  loudest  panegyrist  can  vaunt.  For  it  is 
not  always  those  who  are  loudest  of  speech  or  most  profuse  of  tongue 
that  feel  the  deepest  love.  There  be  those  who,  when  they  hear 
those  burning  and  impassioned  bursts  of  eloquence  in  favour  of  that 
popular  topic,  the  liberty  of  the  press,  are  ready  to  exclaim  with  poor 
Cordelia : 

'Then  poor  Cordelia! 
And  yet  not  so  ;   since,  I  atn  sure,  my  love  's 

More  richer  than  my  tongue ' 

'Unhappy  that  I  am  ;  I  cannot  heave 

My  heart  into  my  mouth  :  I  love  your  majesty 

According  to  my  bond  ;   nor  more,  nor  less.'  " 


Speaking  of  the  power  to  punish  for  contempts,  the  argument  is 
introduced  with  the  following  clear  and  useful  discrimination. 

"  Before  I  proceed  to  the  books  for  the  extent  of  this  power,  let  me 
endeavour,  sir,  to  take  off  some  of  the  odium  which  has  been  unjustly 
attached  to  it.  It  is  an  extremely  mistaken  view  of  this  power  to 
suppose  it  intended  to  erect  the  courts  and  judges  into  a  privileged 
order,  and  to  set  them  vp,  as  it  has  been  said,  above  the  heads  of  the 
President,  Senate,  and  House  of  Representatives.  This  is  one  of 
those  argumenta  ad  homines  which  might  have  been  spared,  without 
detracting  from  the  dignity  of  the  prosecution.     If  seriously  urged  as 


276  IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK.  [1831. 

matter  of  grave  argument,  it  proceeds  from  extreme  inaccuracy  of 
lecfal  perception,  as  to  the  character,  purpose,  and  application  of  the 
power.  Sir,  it  is  not  a  personal  poioer  to  Ihe  man  who  holds  the 
office  of  a  judge.  If  the  insult  be  a  personal  one,  merely,  it  cannot 
be  punished  in  this  way,  though  the  person  insulted  be  a  judge.  For 
a  personal  libel,  he  can  proceed  only,  like  all  other  citizens,  by  a 
personal  action,  in  which  personal  damages  are  removed,  or  by  indict- 
ments, in  which  the  fine  goes  to  the  State.  This  is  the  admission  of 
all  the  judges  who  have  ever  been  called  to  consider  the  subject. 
You  will  find  Hardwicke,  Wilmot,  and  all  the  English  as  well  as 
American  judges,  7narking  this  distinction,  and  marking  it  strongly. 
It  is  only  for  scandalizing  the  court,  as  a  court,  and  on  account  of 
their  judicial  acts,  or  scandalizing  the  judge,  on  account  of  an  act 
done  in  his  judicial  capacity,  that  the  attachment  for  a  contempt  will 
lie.  And  it  is  not,  as  Judge  Dade,  Judge  Haywood,  and  all  the  other 
judges,  foreign  and  domestic,  say,  it  is  not  for  themselves  that  this 
power  is  conferred ;  it  is  for  the  public,  whose  officers  and  servants 
they  are  ;  and  because  it  is  of  the  utmost  consequence  to  the  people 
themselves,  who  have  erected  these  tribunals  and  to  whom  they  belong, 
that  they  should  command  the  deference,  respect  and  confidence  of  the 
community.  For  these  men  are  placed  in  these  offices  as  the  con- 
servators of  the  peace  and  order  of  society :  to  settle  quietly  and 
peaceably  those  controversies  among  individuals,  which,  if  there  were 
no  such  peaceful  arbiter,  would  end  invariably  in  quarrels  and  blood- 
shed, and  be  settled  by  the  law  of  force.  But  to  the  successful  per- 
formance of  this  duty,  it  is  indispensably  necessary  that  they  should 
be  held  in  respect  by  the  community  with  regard  to  which  they  are 
to  perform  this  part  of  mediators  and  peace-makers.  For,  say  these 
wise  and  learned  judges,  English  and  American,  —  and  they  speak  a 
practical  truth  acknowledged  in  all  ages, — if  every  disappointed  suitor 
shall  be  permitted,  with  impunity,  to  revile,  insult,  and  traduce  the 
tribunal  which  has  been  appointed  by  the  people  to  decide  his  contro- 
versy, all  the  respect  and  authority  of  these  tribunals  will  soon  be  at 
an  end,  their  utility  will  be  destroyed,  the  very  purpose  of  their  insti- 
tution frustrated ;  and  with  them  will  fall  the  authority  of  the  laws 
themselves." 

*  *  -Sf  *  *  * 

"  There  is  another  passage  in  Lord  Wilmot's  opinion,  which  has 
startled  the  republican  feelings  of  the  honourable  manager.  The 
Chief  Justice  speaks  of  the  importance  of  preserving  the  authority 
of  courts ;  meaning,  as  he  says,  by  their  authority,  not  their  coercive 
power,  but  that  homage  and  obedience  which  are  rendered  to  courts, 
from  the  opinion  of  the  qualities  of  the  judges  who  compose  it.  '  It 
is  a  confidence  in  their  wisdom  and  integrity,  that  the  power  they 
have  is  apjiliod  to  the  purpose  for  which  it  was  deposited  in  their 
hands  j  that  authority  acts  as  the  great  auxiliary  of  their  power,  and 


Chap.  XVI.] 


SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


277 


for  that  reason  the  Constitution  gives  this  compendious  mode  of  pro- 
ceedinc;  against  all  who  shall  endeavour  to  impair  and  abate  it.'      It 
is  in  this  train  of  thought,  and  in  this  light,  that  he  advances  the 
proposition  which  has  given  so  much  offence  to  the  honourable  mana- 
ger.    Having  spoken  of  the  ground  on  which  attachments  issue  for 
resistance  to  "the  officers  of  the  court,  he  adds,  '  But  the  principle  upon 
which  attachments  issue  for  libels  upon  courts,  is  of  a  more  enlarged 
and  important  nature ;  it  is  to  keep  a  Maze  nf  glory  around  them,  and 
to  deter  people  from  attempting  to  render  them  contemptible  in  the 
eyes  of  the  public.'     What  kind  of  a  blaze  of  glory  is  Lord  Wilmot 
speaking  of?    Is  it  the  external  pomp  and  gorgeous  trappings  of  office 
— wigs  and  robes,  and  ermine,  and  maces  ?    No,  sir ;  he  has  told  you 
his  meaning.     It  is  that  blaze  of  moral  glory  which  results  from  their 
virtue  and  intelligence,  and  the  public  homage  with  which  these  high 
qualities  surround  them.     It  is  that  authority  and  veneration  which 
always  encircle  the  good  and  the  great.     Cast  your  eyes  on  the  ancient 
republics  of  Greece  and  Home ;  will  not  your  memory  readily  supply 
you  with  names  around  whom  this  halo  of  glory  continually  beamed  i' 
Solon,  Lycurgus,  Pericles,  Phocion,  Epaminondas,  Aristides,  Socrates, 
Numa,  Justinian,  Cincinnatus,  Fabricius,  the  Catos,  the  Brutuses, 
and  a  magnificent  constellation  whose  stars  it  were  endless  to  count, 
that  shed  a  blaze  of  glory  in  the  age  in  which  they  respectively  lived, 
and  imparts  that  blaze  of  glory  even  yet  to  the  page  of  history  which 
recounts  their  noble  qualities  and  achievements.     What  was  it  that 
consecrated  the  Areopagus  of  Athens  ?     What  was  it  in  the  senate 
of  Rome  that  struck  the  ambassadors  who  entered  it  with  awe,  as  if 
they  had  entered  an  assembly  of  gods  ?     Nay,  sir ;  let  us  come  to 
our  own  country.     Let  the  honourable  manager  cast  his  eyes  on  the 
declaration   of  our  independence,  and   the   names   appended  to  it. 
Does  the  honourable  manager  see  nothing  of  a  blaze  of  glory  there? 
Sir,  have  we  no  such  assemblies,  no  such  tribunals,  no  such  individuals 
in  our  own  day  ?     Who  does  not  know  and  feel  that  we  have  ?     Nor 
would  it  be  necessary  to  go  far  to  find  them.     But  the  ground  is 
delicate,  and  I  have  no  taste  for  the  name  of  a  parasite. 

"  Sir,  a  contempt  for  this  fine  and  just  sentiment  of  Lord  Wilmot, 
may  be  thought  a  proof  of  spirit  and  boldness  and  independence. 
But  if  peace,  and  order,  and  decency  in  society,  be  of  any  value,  that 
sentiment  will  find  minds  to  admit  and  hearts  to  feel  its  truth.  I 
hope  there  are  yet  such  among  us.  If  there  be  not — '  chaos  is  come 
again!'" 

"  Having  thus  examined  the  law  with  regard  to  the  abstract  power 
of  courts  to  punish  for  contempts,  let  us  turn,  now,  to  the  case  in 
which  the  power  was  exercised.  Was  the  case  a  proper  one  for  the 
application  of  the  power,  or  was  Judge  Peck  guilty  of  a  high  misde- 
meanour in  punishing  this  publication  as  a  contempt?  Was  it  a  con- 
tempt of  court  ?     Was  J  udge  Peck  actuated  by  the  guilty  intention 

Vol.  IL— 24 


278 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


charged  in  the  impeachment  in  punishing  it  as  a  contempt,  or  was  lie 
governed  by  a  conscientious  sense  of  his  judicial  duty  ? 

"And  here  I  jnust  be  permitted  to  observe,  that  the  case  is  not 
within  the  nut-shell,  in  which  the  honourable  managers  seem  to  suppose 
it  to  lie.  It  is  a  question  of  intention,  both  in  regard  to  Mr.  Law- 
less, and  to  Judge  Peck.  Quo  animo  was  the  publication  of  Mr. 
Lawless  made  ?  Was  it  for  the  purpose  of  decent  and  respectful  dis- 
cussion  of  fair  and  candid  criticism  for  the  elucidation  of  truth?  or 
was  it  to  revenge  himself  on  the  court  for  the  disappointment  which 
their  opinion  had  inflicted  on  him.  "Was  it  for  the  wicked  and  ma- 
licious purpose  of  exposing  the  court  to  public  contempt,  and  ridicule 
— to  exasperate  the  suitors  against  the  Judge — to  ingratiate  himself 
with  those  suitors  by  making  a  display  of  his  superior  learning,  in- 
telligence, and  firmness  in  bearding  the  Judge  upon  his  judicial  seat, 
and  proving  that  he  was  either  a  fool,  or  a  knave,  and  this  by  the  most 
foul  and  wicked  misrepresentation  of  his  opinion  ?  Was  it  to  make  a 
lodgment  on  the  public  mind  in  favour  of  the  claims,  the  gi-eat  mass 
of  which  remained  undecided ;  and  against  the  blind  and  stupid  Judge, 
who  had  so  grossly  wronged  all  these  suitors  ?  These  are  the  ques- 
tions which  enter  into  the  consideration  of  the  animus  quo,  on  the 
part  of  Mr.  Lawless;  and  in  order  to  answer  them  satisfiictorily,  we 
must  understand  the  history  of  his  connection  with  these  land  claims ; 
the  extent  to  which  he  was  interested  in  them ;  the  manner  in  which 
he  was  affected  by  the  decision  in  Soulard's  case ;  and  the  feelings 
and  motives  likely  to  actuate  him.  So,  with  regard  to  Judge  Peck, 
the  question  is  quo  animo  did  he  issue  this  attachment.  Was  it,  as 
has  been  alleged,  to  soothe  his  vanity,  which  had  been  wounded  by  the 
publication  of  jMr.  Lawless;  was  it  from  personal  revenge,  and  for 
the  tyrannical  and  unlawful  purpose  of  o))pressing  a  man  whose  only 
offence  was  that  he  had  exercised  the  rights  of  a  freeman  in  question- 
ing, in  decent  language,  the  correctness  of  one  of  Judge  3'eck's 
opinions?  or  was  Judge  Peck  actuated  by  the  just  and  proper  motive 
of  vindicating,  with  promptness,  the  dignity  and  authority  of  his  court 
against  an  impudent  and  defamatory  libel  ?  These  are  the  considera- 
tions which  relate  to  the  quo  animo  of  Judge  Peck ;  and  to  enable  us 
to  make  a  proper  estimate  of  his  motives,  we  must  look  to  his  peculiar 
situation.  Sir,  I  have  heard  it  suggested,  even  by  those  who  condemn 
the  conduct  of  Mr.  Lawless,  that  it  would  have  been  better  for  Judge 
Peck  to  have  treated  it  with  silent  contempt ;  and  as  it  is  not  impos- 
sible that  a  similar  suggestion  may  have  presented  itself  to  some  of 
the  members  of  this  honourable  Court,  I  beg  leave  to  observe,  that 
many  things  may  be  passed  over,  and  are  continually  connived  at  by 
a  judge  in  one  situation,  which  it  would  be  not  only  excusable  but 
proper  fur  him  to  notice  and  punish  in  another;  nay,  which  his  duty 
to  tiie  tribunal,  and  the  country  to  which  that  tribunal  belonged, 
would  make  it  his  imperative  duty  to  punish,  in  another  situation.    In 


Chap.  XVl] 


SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


279 


an  old  and  long  settled  country,  for  example,  like  England,  or  lik(!  the 
Atlantic  States  of  our  Union,  where  the  respect  for  the  laws  and  the 
tribunals  which  administer  them  is  established  and  habitual,  a  judge 
may  well  connive  at  an  isolated  case  of  contempt.  But  you  may 
place  a  judge  in  circumstances  in  which  such  a  connivance  would  bo 
the  extreme  of  folly,  and  would  be  universally  condenmcd.  Even  in 
so  old  a  country  as  England  such  a  situation  might  occur.  Suppose, 
for  example,  a  judge  sent  down  from  London,  under  a  commission  of 
oyer  and  terminer  into  a  part  of  the  kingdom  which  had  been  recently 
in  rebellion,  and  where  the  elements  of  discord  and  insurrection  were 
yet  at  work  around  him.  Does  not  every  man  see  that  it  would  bo 
the  duty  of  such  a  judge,  so  circumstanced,  to  observe  with  vigilance 
and  punish  with  severity,  the  first  indication  of  insult  to  his  authority, 
so  as  to  crush  the  spirit  of  contumacy  in  the  bud,  and  prevent  it  from 
becoming  bold  and  audacious  by  impunity?  Again,  suppose  a  judge 
(I  put  it,  for  the  present,  hypothetically)  in  a  distant  and  frontier 
territory,  to  have  thrown  upon  him,  by  tlae  legislature  of  his  country, 
the  judicial  settlement  of  a  vast  mass  of  foreign  land  claims,  held 
partly  by  the  original  claimants,  chiefly  by  sharp-sighted  and  sharp- 
set  speculators,  of  rapacious  and  insatiable  appetite ;  among  which 
claims,  though  there  were,  no  doubt,  some  that  were  fair  and  honest, 
there  were  others  of  a  false  and  fraudulent  character,  which  their 
holders  might  attempt  to  force  through  his  tribunal  by  their  intre- 
pidity and  eifrontery ; — I  appeal  to  every  considerate  man  whether 
such  a  judge  is  not  placed  in  a  situation  which  calls  upon  him  to  hold 
the  reins  of  authority  with  a  strong  and  firm  hand,  and  to  rebuke, 
with  jiromptitude  and  energy,  the  first  attempt  either  to  insult  or  to 
intimidate  his  tribunal  ?  AVould  you  deem  it  wise  or  dignified  in  a 
judge  so  situated  to  permit  himself,  in  his  judicial  capacity,  to  be  ex- 
posed, by  the  misrepresentations  of  one  of  the  officers  of  his  own 
court,  to  the  resentment  of  this  large  body  of  suitors,  and  to  the 
general  contempt  and  scorn  of  the  community  ?  "Will  not,  must  not, 
every  candid  and  honourable  mind  find,  in  the  situation  of  a  judge 
so  circumstanced,  a  sufficient,  a  just  and  propcsr  motive  for  a  vigorous 
assertion  of  the  self-defensive  and  protective  powers  with  which  the 
law  has  armed  him,  without  resorting  to  the  base  and  despicable  mo- 
tives of  wounded  vanity  and  personal  pique?  We  insist  that  Judge 
Peck  has  done  no  more  than  every  judge  would  have  had  the  perfect 
right  and  power  to  do  under  a  similar  attack  upon  the  authority  of 
his  tribunal ;  and  if  there  are  other  judges  who  would  have  overlo(»ked 
such  an  assault,  and  it  be  thought  hard  and  vindictive  in  Judge  Peck 
not  to  have  imitated  sucli  an  imaginary  model  of  forbearance,  we  refer 
to  the  peculiar  situation  in  which  he  was  placed,  and  the  characters 
with  which  he  had  to  deal,  as  a  complete  vindication  of  the  propriety 
and  wisdom  of  his  course.  With  regard  to  him,  therefore,  and  for 
the  purpose  of  ascertaining  the  true  motives  of  his  conduct,  it  is  fit 


280 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


and  necessary  to  look  at  his  situation,  with  all  the  circumstances  that 
naturally  pressed  themselves  upon  his  consideration,  and  governed  his 
conduct. 

"  So,  on  the  other  hand,  in  the  case  I  have  put  of  a  judge  called  by 
legislative  authority  to  the  adjustment  of  a  vast  mass  of  law  claims  : 
suppose  the  individual  charged  with  the  contempt  to  have  been  the 
leading  counsel,  the  attorney-general  of  these  claims,  the  dux  gregis 
of  the  whole  flock,  with  a  princely  fortune  slaked  on  the  contingency 
of  success.  Suppose  that  in  the  first  decision  that  takes  place,  this 
adventurer  sees  the  discomfiture  of  the  whole  phalanx  of  these  claims, 
the  disappointment  of  all  his  hopes,  the  vanishing  of  all  the  visions 
with  which  he  had  warmed  his  f;mcy  :  under  the  exacerbation  of  such 
a  disappointment,  what  will  probably  be  his  course  of  conduct  ?  If  he 
be  an  irritable  man,  a  man  of  turbulent  and  lawless  propensities,  a 
man  accustomed  to  the  wild  uproar  of  insurrection  and  civil  war,  his 
first  impulse  will  probably  be  revenge  upon  the  tribunal  which  has 
inflicted  the  disappointment :  riuit  ccelum,  but  not  fiat  juslitia.  He 
may  not  call  the  judge  to  '  see  Mm  so,'  [taking  the  attitude  of  the 
duellist  in  the  act  of  firing]  as  one  of  the  Avitnesses  described  it;  but 
he  has  it  in  his  power  to  take  another  kind  of  revenge.  He  can  pub- 
lish a  libel  on  the  judge  ;  he  can  so  dissever,  misrepresent,  distort  and 
discolour  his  opinion,  as  to  render  it  absurd  and  ridiculous,  and  thus  fix 
upon  the  judge's  head  the  ass's  ears  or  the  rogue's  brand,  so  as  to 
dei)rive  him  of  all  the  confidence  and  respect  of  the  community,  and 
make  him  a  mark  for  the  finger  of  universal  scorn.  Or,  if  he  looked 
deeper  into  the  game,  he  might  have  concerted  a  plan  of  hostilities, 
of  which  this  libel  was  to  be  the  first  stroke,  to  blow  up  the  tribunal 
altogether,  and  to  erect  another  upon  its  ruin,  before  which  his  shat- 
tered troop  of  claims  might  appear  with  renovated  hopes.  I  do  not 
say  that  these  were  Mr.  Lawless'  motives,  for  I  pretend  not  to  know 
the  secrets  of  the  heart.  But  I  wish  this  honourable  Court  to  review 
all  the  ciicumstanccs  of  the  case  as  they  have  been  offered  in  evidence, 
and  then  to  ask  them  whether  there  was  not  sufficient  colour  for  sus- 
pecting that  Lawless  intended  to  insult  and  degrade  the  tribunal,  to 
justify  the  Court  in  calling  upon  him  to  say  whether  such  was  his 
intention  or  not  ?  This  alone  was  the  object  of  the  rule  upon  him  to 
show  cause  wdiy  an  attachment  should  not  issue  ?  If,  on  his  appear- 
ance under  that  rule,  he  had  condescended  to  disclaim  the  insult,  and 
to  give  that  explanation  of  his  motives  which  he  has  not  disdained  to 
give  here,  there  would  have  been  an  end  of  the  case,  and  we  should 
have  heard  no  more  of  it.  But  of  this  hereafter.  At  present,  I 
have  presented  this  hypothesis  only  for  the  purpose  of  showing  that 
the  field  of  circumstances  from  which  the  intention  is  to  be  gathered, 
is  much  broader  than  the  mere  proceedings  on  the  attachment,  to 
which  the  honourable  managers  have  confined  their  views.  The  inquiry 
properly  begins  higher;  and  if  we  would  possess  the  whole  ground 


Chap.  XVI.]  SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE.  281 

and  embrace  all  the  circmnstanccs  wliich  properly  enter  into  tlie  ques- 
tion of  intenlion,  we  mu.st  look  to  the  origin  and  progress  both  of 
Judge  Peck's  and  Mr.  Lawless'  connection  with  tliese  land  clainis. 
The  Court  is  not  menaced  with  a  prolix  inquiry  on  this  subject.  The 
ground  has  been  already  trodden,  and  my  remarks  will  be  brief.  ^J'hey 
are,  however,  necessary  to  the  connection  and  illustration  of  that  course 
of  reflection  which  I  deem  it  necessary  to  the  justice  of  this  cause  to 
place  before  this  honourable  Court." 

****** 

"  But  the  honourable  manairers  insist  that  '  there  is  nothing:  in  the 
article  at  which  offence  could  be  taken  by  any  reasonable  man.'  Tliey 
insist  that  '  it  is  perfectly  decorous  and  respectful  throughout ;  that 
the  language  is  not  only  delicate,  but  most  cautiously  guarded  and  1 

polite ;  that  the  object  was  merely  to  point  out  what  Mr.  Lawless 
thought  errors  in  the  opinion ;  that  he  calls  them  errors,  and  nothing 
more;  and  that  there  is  not  a  single  scurrilous  word, h-om  the  begin- 
ning to  the  end  of  the  publication.'  I 

"  3Ir.  President,  the  honourable  managers  seem  to  me  to  pay  but  a 
poor  compliment  to  the  good  sense  of  this  high  and  enlightened  tri-  | 

bunal,  when  they  suppose  them  capable  of  being  deluded  by  such  an  i 

argument.  Sir,  it  is  not  the  outside  but  the  inside,  not  the  shell  but 
the  kernel  of  the  piece  that  we  are  called  upon  to  examine.  Sir,  the 
malignity  and  mischief  of  a  libel  consists  7iot  in  the  words  it  employs, 
but  the  thoughts  it  conveys.    The  most  poisonous  serpent  has  a  smooth  I 

and  glossy  exterior.     The  great  bandit  was  sometimes  seen  in  the  j 

courtier's  robes.     '  No  rude  expressions  !'     Why,  sir,  what  is  this  to  I 

the  purpose  ?  Suppose  a  man  were  to  publish  of  his  neighbour,  by 
name,  in  a  public  newspaper,  a  paragraph  to  the  following  effect : — •  j 

'■  Many  men  of  many  minds — I  may  be  wrong  in  the  opinion  ;  but  it  I 

seems  to  me  that  my  very  respectable  neighbour,  Mr.  A.  B.,  com-  j 

mitted  an  error,  both  in  doctrine  and  practice,  in  entering  my  house 
after  midnight,  last  night,  and  taking  from  my  desk  five  thousand 
dollars  in  bank-notes.'  Would  the  affected  delicacy  of  the  language 
protect  him  from  a  prosecution  for  a  libel  ?  Sir,  the  humility  of  the 
tone  in  this  essay  is  nothing  more  than  the  crouching  of  the  tiger 
before  he  makes  his  spring  :  and  the  passages  are  not  few  in  which  ho 
shows  both  his  teeth  and  his  talons.  Let  us  come  to  the  piece  itself, 
and  see  whether  it  be  the  innocent  and  legitimate  thing  it  has  been 
represented  to  be." 

******* 

"An  honourable  manager  has  told  us  that  Mr.  Lawless  is  an  Irish- 
man, and  when  he  said  prohibit  he  meant  not  authorize.  But  if  he 
meant  to  plead  the  privilege  of  his  nation,  he  ought  to  have  apprised 
his  reader  fairly  by  a  postscript — '  take  notice,  reader,  that  I  am  an 
L-ishman ;  and  if  I  have  connnitted  any  bulls  in  my  attempt  to  state 
the  Judge's  propositions,  you  will  please  to  remember  I  was  boru 
24* 


282 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


under  the  constellation  of  Taurus.'  The  honourable  manager  has 
added,  that  if  Lawless  had  been  a  Scotch  Irishman,  he  -would  proba- 
bly have  added  another  specification,  and  charged  the  Judge  with 
assuming  that  the  King  of  Spain  had  no  right  to  confirm  certain 
claims,  when  all  that  the  Judge  had  said  was  that  the  King  was  not 
hound  to  confirm  them.  Sir,  there  would  have  been  no  objection  to 
blunders  of  this  sort,  if  Lawless  had  hoisted  his  national  flag  in  the 
onset :  but  he  had  no  right  to  fire  under  English  colours,  and  leave 
his  adversary  and  the  world  to  construe  his  assault  on  that  hypothesis. 
An  Englishman  would  not  be  apt  to  call  capers,  anchovies^  and  shoot 
a  brother  officer  through  the  head  for  doubting  his  assertion  that  they 
grew  on  trees.  Yet  the  honourable  manager,  I  presume,  would  vin- 
dicate Mr.  Lawless  for  such  a  course,  though  it  might  make  wreck  of 
the  character,  the  peace,  or  even  the  life  of  an  honourable  man." 


* 


* 


* 


■»• 


"Let  us  come  now,  sir,  to  these  after  transactions,  the  final  scene — 
the  conduct  of  the  Judge,  under  this  rude  assault  on  the  court  over 
which  he  presided.  It  is  here  that  the  honourable  managers  make 
their  great  stand.  Indeed,  they  seem  to  think  it  the  only  part  of  the 
case  which  demands  consideration.  That  guilty  intention  which  the 
impeachment  charges,  and  which  they  know  that  they  are  bound  to 
prove,  before  they  can  demand  a  conviction,  is  to  be  made  out,  they 
think,  from  the  conduct  of  the  Judge  himself.  His  conduct,  they 
allege,  proves  personal  malice  against  Mr.  Lawless,  and  establishes 
that  intention  ^inl awfully  to  oppress  and  injure,  by  colour  of  his 
office,  which  constitutes  the  vital  point  of  this  impeachment.  On 
this  ground  I  meet  the  gentlemen,  sir,  with  perfect  composure ;  for  I 
know  that,  with  all  their  acknowledged  abilities,  it  is  utterly  impos- 
sible for  them  to  extract  this  proof  of  a  guilty  intention  from  the  con- 
duct of  the  Judge,  except  by  the  adoption  of  a  process  which  every 
lofty  and  honourable  mind  will  reject  at  once.  Nay,  it  does  not  re- 
quire loftiness  or  high  honour;  it  requires  only  common  charity  to 
reject  and  spurn  the  process  by  which  alone  a  guilty  intention  can  be 
inferred  from  the  conduct  of  the  Judge  —  and  that  process  is  by  the 
gratuitous  impidation  of  a  base  motive  to  an  act  equally  referable  to 
a  pure  one.  If  the  act  be,  in  its  own  nature  and  character,  equally 
consistent  with  a  fair  motive,  what  justice  is  there  in  imputing  a  foul 
one  ?  Let  it  be  observed,  that  there  is  no  pretence  of  direct  proof  of 
malice  (the  inalus  animus)  in  the  Judge.  It  is  to  be  made  out  en- 
tirely by  inferences  drawn  from  his  conduct.  But,  in  the  process  of 
inferring  motive  from  conduct,  the  act  under  examination  must  not 
be  equally  referable  to  a  good  and  a  bad  motive.  In  a  criminal  trial, 
particularly,  where  every  man  is  presumed  to  be  innocent  till  the  con- 
trary appears,  there  must  be  no  equivocality  in  the  act  from  which 
guilt  is  to  be  inferred ;  for  that  would  be  to  presuine  guilt,  where 
innocence  might,  with  equal  fuii-ness  of  reason,  be  presumed.     The 


Chap.  XVI.] 


SPEECH  BEFORE  THE  SENATE. 


283 


accused  having,  in  the  outset,  the  legal  presumption  of  innocence  on 
his  side,  must  continue  to  be  presumed  innocent  until  some  act  shall 
be  adduced  which  is  entirely  inconsistent  with  such  presumption,  aud 
consistent  only  with  the  presumption  of  guilt.  But  an  act  which, 
upon  its  face,  is  equally  compatible  with  an  innocent,  lawful  and 
honourable  motive,  will  never,  on  such  a  trial  aud  before  such  a  tri- 
bunal as  this,  nor  any  other  tribunal  that  knows  its  duty,  be  refen-ed 
to  a  guilty  aud  a  base  one.  It  does  not  require  the  inclination  to  err 
on  the  side  of  mercy  rather  than  of  justice,  to  acquit  rather  than  to 
condemn,  which  distinguishes  every  enlightened  criminal  tribunal,  to 
adopt  the  course  of  construction  on  which  I  insist :  it  requires  only 
common  reason,  common  right,  a  common  sense  of  justice.  For  what 
innocence,  what  virtue,  what  nobleness  of  character,  can  protect  a 
man,  if  the  purest,  and  wisest,  and  best  acts  of  his  life,  may  be  tor- 
tured into  guilt  by  the  arbitrary  imputation  of  a  guilty  motive.  Gen- 
tlemen may  descant  as  long  and  as  loudly  as  they  please  on  the 
imaginary  tyranny  of  Judge  Peck ;  but  the  tyranny  of  a  government 
in  which  such  a  principle  of  criminal  law  prevailed  as  that  which  is 
applied  to  fasten  guilt  upon  him — the  wanton  and  gratuitous  inference 
of  guilt  from  an  "act  consistent  with  the  purest  innocence  —  would  be 
a  tyranny  that  would  not  be  borne  by  any  man  who  knew  what  free- 
dom was,  and  had  the  power  of  locomotion.  As  for  myself,  sooner 
than  live  under  such  tyranny,  I  would  say  with  Brutus  —  'Longe  ci 
servienlibus  abero,  mihique  esse  judicabo,  Romam,  ubicumque  liberum 
esse  licebit.'  " 

****** 
"  But  an  honourable  manager  has  said  that  Lawless  was  perfectly 
correct  in  refusing  to  answer,  the  proposal  being  against  right  and 
liberty ;  and  yet,  sir,  it  is  the  standing  form,  and  course  of  practice 
on  all  such  occasions.  Grentlemen  treat  that  as  an  oifensive  innova- 
tion which  has  been  the  course  of  practice  ever  since  the  law  of  con- 
tempt was  introduced.  You  cannot  open  a  book,  elementary  or  prac- 
tical, which  does  not  give  you  these  interrogatories  as  the  standing 
order  on  the  coming  in  of  every  defendant  on  the  rule  to  show  cause ; 
and  it  is  universally  considered,  not  as  an  injury,  but  as  a  benefit  to 
the  accused  —  as  his  right  and  privilege;  because  it  puts  it  in  his 
power  to  clear  himself  of  the  contempt  on  his  own  evidence.  And 
yet,  sir,  because  Judge  Peck  tendered  to  3Ir.  Lawless  this  opportu- 
nity, and  tendered  it  to  him  expressly  as  a  right  and  privilege  given 
to  him  by  law,  in  strict  conformity  Avith  the  immemorial  and  uniform 
practice  of  all  courts  on  like  occasions,  an  honourable  manager  has 
permitted  his  imagination  to  take  fire  at  it  as  a  most  unprecedented 
insult ;  and  from  this  small  spark  he  broke  out  into  that  magnificent 
conflagration  at  which  this  honourable  Court,  as  well  as  ourselves, 
were  so  much  amazed ;  declaring,  with  all  the  vehemence  of  voice  and 
look  and  action,  that  if  he  had  been  in  Lawless'  place,  and  such  an 


284 


IMPEACHMENT  OF  JUDGE  PECK. 


[1831. 


overture  had  been  made  to  him.  lie  '  would  have  dragged  the  tyrant 
from  his  throne,  as  Yirginius  did,  and  finished  him  on  the  spot.'  And 
another  honourable  manager,  who  has  since  spoken,  adverting  to  the 
same  scene,  and  apparently  desirous  of  supporting  his  colleague  in  the 
sentiment,  but  despairing  of  rising  to  his  attitude  of  indignation,  ex- 
claimed that  if  he  had  been  in  Lawless'  place,  he  icoiddn't  have  been 
so  submissive — attempting  to  supply,  by  the  significance  of  his  look, 
the  inadequacy  of  his  language  to  match  his  emotions.  Mr.  Presi- 
dent, on  what  times  have  we  fallen  ?  The  time  has  been  that  the 
virtuous  and  enlightened  portions  of  society  considered  it  as  among 
their  most  solemn  and  imperious  duties  to  inculcate  a  reverence  for 
the  laws,  and  for  the  tribunals  that  admiuistered  them.  In  a  republic 
pre-eminently,  where  we  have  no  sovereign  but  the  laws,  and  the 
peace,  the  order,  and  happiness  of  society  depend  on  a  prompt  and 
cheerful  submission  to  them,  this  deference  has  been  considered  as  a 
religious  duty.  But  the  times,  it  seems,  are  changed ;  and  our  distin- 
guished men  expect  applause  by  teaching  from  high  places,  violence, 
tumult,  disorder  in  our  courts  of  justice,  and  even  the  assassination 
of  judges,  for  no  other  oifence  than  the  performance  of  their  common 
duties.  I  will  not  press  the  topic,  for  there  is  far  more  of  pain  than 
of  pleasure  in  the  prospect  it  offers  of  coming  events.  If  ruffian  force 
is  to  be  invited  into  our  halls  of  justice,  what  is  to  protect  our  halls 
of  legislation  ?  Why  are  we  to  suppose  that  the  persons  of  those  who 
make  the  laws  will  be  held  more  sacred  than  those  who  administer 
them  ?  And  is  our  govei'nmeut  to  become  one  of  violence  on  the  one 
hand,  and  terror  on  the  other  ?  Are  anarchy  and  uproar  to  take  the 
place  of  peace  and  order  ?  and  are  the  leading  men  of  the  nation  to 
advise  and  to  exhort  to  this  baleful  change  ?  Sir,  there  may  be  occa- 
sions that  may  call  for  a  Brutus  :  but  is  the  misconduct  of  '  a  petty, 
provincial  judge,'  as  the  gentlemen  have  been  pleased  to  call  Judae 
Peck,  such  an  occasion  ?  Is  the  Bench  to  be  made  to  crouch,  with 
abject  fear,  before  the  Bar  ?  and  are  judges  to  be  dragged  from  their 
seats  and  slaughtered  whenever  they  may  cross  the  wishes  of  a  fero- 
cious advocate  f  Is  this  the  conception  which  gentlemen  have  formed 
of  the  decorum  and  dignity  of  a  court  of  justice  ?  We  trust,  sir,  that 
better  views  will  be  inculcated  by  the  decision  in  this  case ;  that  Mr. 
Lawless,  and  all  other  men  in  his  predicament,  will  be  taught  that  we 
are  here  in  a  state  of  peace,  and  not  of  revolution ;  that  burning  of 
houses  and  insulting  judges  is  not  our  fashion;  that  this  is  a  land  of 
order,  as  well  as  of  liberty;  and  that,  among  us,  men  are  resjjected 
according  to  the  respect  which  they  themselves  show  to  the  institu- 
tions of  our  country." 

"  Mr.  President,  I  have  now,  under  the  pressure  of  ill-health,  and 
deep  affliction  of  spirit,  discharged  the  painful  duty  which  rested  upon 
me.     I  have  spoken  professionally,  and  trust  that  I  may  not  be  so 


Chap.  XVII.]  DEATH  OF  HIS  DAUGHTER.  285 

misunderstood  as  to  be  supposed  capable  of  finding  enjoyment  in  the 
wounds  I  may  have  inflicted.  Tlicy  are  as  painful  to  me  as  to  others. 
But  our  duties,  sir,  -vvhethcr  pleasant  or  painful,  must  be  done;  and  I 
should  be  unworthy  of  a  place  at  your  bar,  if  I  could  permit  any  ill- 
timed  delicacy  to  interfere  with  their  firm  and  faithful  discharge. 

"  The  cjuestion  before  you,  sir,  is  not  that  of  Judge  Peck  alone.  It 
is  the  question  of  the  independence  of  the  American  judiciary.  It  is 
in  his  person  that  that  independence  is  sought  to  be  violated.  Is  this 
Court  pr»pared  to  suspend  the  sword  by  a  hair  over  the  heads  of  our 
judges,  and  constrain  them  to  the  performance  of  their  duties  amidst 
fear  and  trembling  from  the  terrors  of  an  impeachment  ?  Or  will  you 
not  rather,  by  your  decision,  maintain  them  in  that  firm,  enlightened, 
and  honest  discharge  of  their  duties,  which  has  heretofore  so  pre-emi- 
nently distinguished  them  ?  Can  you  sacrifice  such  a  man  as  Judge 
Peck  to  such  a  man  as  Lawless  ?  Can  you,  by  such  a  precedent,  strike 
a  panic  throughout  the  American  Bench,  and  fill  the  bosoms  of  all  the 
reflecting,  the  wise  and  good,  with  dismay  and  despair  ?  Sir,  there  is 
not  a  considerate  man  who  has  not  long  regarded  a  pure,  firm,  enlight- 
ened judiciary  as  the  great  sheet-anchor  of  our  national  constitution. 
Snap  the  cable  that  binds  us  to  that,  and  farewell  to  our  Union,  and 
the  yet  dawning  glories  of  our  republic.  I  commit  the  subject  to  you, 
sir,  without  any  apprehension  of  so  dreadful  a  catastrophe  from  a 
tribunal  like  this." 


CHAPTER    XVII. 
1831. 

DEATH   OF   HIS   YOUNGEST   DAUGHTER. — HIS    GRIEF. HE   WRITES 

A   MEMOIR   OF   HER. — RELIGIOUS   TONE   OF    HIS   MIND. — RESEM- 
BLANCE  TO   EVELYN. — HIS    HEALTH    AFFECTED. — OCCUPATIONS 

IN    THE    SUPREME  COURT. ARGUMENT  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 

EXTRACT    FROM    HIS    SPEECH. THE  COURT    DECIDES  AGAINST 

THE  JURISDICTION. — PRESENT   CONDITION    OF   THE   CIIEROKEES. 
LETTER    TO    JUDGE    CARR. 

The  "  deep  affliction  of  spirit,"  mentioned  in  the  concluding  sen- 
tence of  the  speech  on  Peck's  trial,  refers  to  an  event  which  seems  to 
have  made  a  more  permanent  impression  on  the  character  of  Mr.  Wirt 


286  HIS  GRIEF. 


[1831, 


than  any  other  incident  of  his  life.  The  trial  of  the  impeachment 
had  scarcely  begun,  when  he  received  from  his  family  in  Baltimore 
the  melancholy  tidings  of  the  death  of  his  youngest  daughter,  Agnes, 
then  in  her  sixteenth  year.  This  event  was  wholly  unexpected,  and 
came  upon  him  with  a  poignancy  of  anguish  which  altogether  disabled 
him  from  proceeding  with  the  cause.  The  Senate  considerately 
adjourned  the  trial  for  a  week.  When  it  was  resumed,  th^  defence 
was  chiefly  conducted  by  Mr.  Meredith.  A  month  nearly  elapsed 
before  Mr.  Wirt  made  his  speech  in  the  cause,  and  then,  as  we  have 
seen,  "under  the  pressure  of  ill-health  and  deep  affliction  of  spirit." 
The  excitement  of  debate,  and  that  eager,  emulous  character  of  mind 
which  no  personal  misfortune  nor  bitter  grief  could  subdue,  bore  him 
through  the  trial  placidly,  at  least,  and  often,  as  we  may  gather  from 
some  playful  sallies  in  his  speech,  cheerfully,  when  the  contention  of 
the  forum  blotted  out  all  other  memories.  I  have  abundant  proof 
before  me  that,  in  the  intervals  of  the  trial,  the  images  of  his  sorrow 
rose  thick  upon  his  sight,  and  set  loose  the  frequent  current  of  his 
tears.  ''  My  sweet  angel  visits  me,  by  faith,  many  times  in  the  course 
of  the  day  and  night.  I  want  only  my  blessed  Saviour's  assurance 
of  pardon  and  acceptance  to  be  at  peace.  I  fl-ish  to  find  no  rest  short 
of  rest  in  him." — "  Dearest  heart,  let  us  both  look  up  to  that  Heaven 
where  our  angel  is,  and  from  which  she  is  still  permitted  to  observe 
us  with  interest : — up  to  that  Heaven  where  our  Sa\dour  dwells,  and 
from  which  he  is  showing  us  the  attractive  face  of  our  blessed  and 
happy  child,  and  bidding  us  prepare  to  come  to  her,  since  she  can  no 
more  visibly  come  to  us." — "I  have  no  taste  now  for  worldly  busi- 
ness. I  go  to  it  reluctantly.  I  would  keep  company  only  with  my 
Saviour  and  his  holy  book.  I  dread  the  world — the  strife  and  con- 
tention and  emulation  of  the  bar;  yet  I  will  do  my  duty — this  is  part 
of  my  religion." 

These  and  many  such  breathings  came  from  him  in  the  mid-days 
of  the  trial  —  some  of  them  written  from  his  seat  in  the  Senate 
Chamber. 

The  daughter  whom  he  thus  weeps  was,  from  earliest  childhood, 
an  object  of  extraordinary  attraction  to  all  who  were  familiar  with 
Mr.  Wirt's  household.  She  possessed  a  remarkable  intelligence  and 
aptitude  of  mind,  which  was  developed  in  a  devotion  to  study  very 


Chap.  XVII.]  DEATH  OF  HIS  DAUGHTER.  287 

unusual  to  her  years  and  sex.     It  was  not  less  expressed  in  her  face, 
which  sparkled  with  physical  and  intellectual  beauty.     Her  manners 
won  all  hearts  by  their  gentleness  and  grace.     The  cast  of  her  mind 
was  thoughtful  and  most  devoutly  religious.     These  qualities  had  so 
planted  her  in  the  affections  of  her  family,  that  she  seemed  to  lead 
and  instruct  that  little  domestic  circle,  of  which  she  was  almost  the 
youngest  member.     It  is  to  her  influence  we  may  trace  some  of  the 
strongest  religious  impressions  of  her  father,  whilst  she  lived ;  and 
still,  in  greater  distinctness,  the  devout  contrition  and  fervid  piety 
which,  after  her  death,  became  so  engrossing  and  conspicuous  in  his 
character  during  the  remainder  of  his  life.     IMany  beautiful  letters, 
addressed  by  him  to  this  child,  for  several  years,  attest  the  estimate 
he  made  of  her  understanding,  and  his  reverence  for  the  purity  of  her 
character.     From  the  topics  discussed  in  them,  and  the  grave  tenor 
of  their  style,  in  many  which  have  fallen  under  my  inspection,  the 
reader  of  them  would  never  suppose  the  correspondent  to  be  a  little 
girl,  scarcely  emancipated  from  the  nursery.    But  the  precocity  of  her 
mind  seems  fully  to  have  warranted  the  tone  of  these  letters.     She 
was  her  father's  constant  companion  in  his  study;  arranged  and  en- 
dorsed his  papers  for  him ;  collected  his  books  of  authority  when  he 
was  studying  his  cases ;  made  notes  for  him ;  and,  by  a  thousand  af- 
fectionate assiduities,  so  associated  herself  with  his  happiest  hom-s,  as 
to  render  her  presence  one  of  his  highest  delights,  and  frequent  letters 
to  her,  when  absent,  almost  indi.spensable  to  his  content. 

We  have  a  touching  memoir  of  this  daughter,  written  by  him  not 
long  after  her  death,  which,  as  it  served  to  recall  many  pleasing  re- 
membrances to  the  parent,  was  laboured  with  the  zeal  of  a  sacred 
affection. — "  Young  as  she  was,"  he  says  in  this  memoir,  <'■'  she  seemed 
to  be  the  seal  and  connecting  bond  of  the  whole  family.  Her  voice, 
her  smile,  her  animated,  graceful  movements,  her  countless  little  acts 
and  expressions  of  kindness  and  love,  those  '  small,  sweet  courtesies  of 
life,'  which  she  was  so  continually  rendering  to  all  around  her,  and 
with  such  exquisite  grace  of  manner,  had  made  her  necessary  to  the 
individual  happiness  of  every  member  of  the  household.  When  she 
was  lost  to  us,  it  was  as  if  the  key-stone  of  the  arch  had  been  removed. 
There  was  a  healthfulness  in  the  glow  of  her  fresh  and  young  affec- 
tions, which  animated  the  rigid  nerves  of  age,  and  a  pleasantness  and 


288 


HIS  GRIEF. 


[1831. 


beauty  in  the  play  of  lier  innocent  thoughts  and  feelings,  which  could 
smooth  the  brow  of  care,  and  light  up  a  smile  even  in  the  face  of  sor- 
row. To  me  she  was  not  only  the  companion  of  my  studies,  but  the 
sweetener  of  my  toils.  The  painter,  it  is  said,  relieved  his  aching 
eyes  by  looking  on  a  curtain  of  green.  My  mind,  in  its  hour  of  deep- 
est fatigue,  required  no  other  refreshment  than  one  glance  at  my  be- 
loved child,  as  she  sat  beside  me." 

The  deep  feeling  and  sadness  of  these  lingering  recollections,  as  we 
find  them  expressed,  both  in  Mr.  Wirt's  letters  and  in  this  memoir, 
the  graceful  and  refined  utterance  of  them,  and  the  earnest  sentiment 
of  religious  resignation  struggling  upwards  through  a  heavy  cloud  of 
grief,  will  not  fail  to  remind  the  reader,  who  is  familiar  with  the  writ- 
ings of  Evelyn,  of  a  parallel  incident,  strikingly  resembling  this,  in 
the  life  of  that  gentle  and  philosophic  scholar.*    Indeed,  in  the  gene- 


*  In  Evelyn's  Diary,  March  10,  1645,  he  notices  the  death  of  liis  daughter 
Mary,  at  the  age  of  nineteen,  in  terms  singularly  coincident,  both  in  the  de- 
scription of  the  child  and  in  the  tone  of  his  own  feelings,  with  those  of  Mr. 
Wirt. 

"  The  justness  of  her  stature,  person,  comeliness  of  her  countenance,  grace- 
fulness of  motion,  unaffected,  tb.ough  more  tlian  ordinary  beautiful,  were  the 
least  of  her  ornaments  compared  with  those  of  her  mind.  Of  early  piety, 
singularly  religious,  spending  a  part  of  every  day  in  private  devotion.  What 
shall  I  say,  or  rather  not  say,  of  the  cheerfulness  and  agreeableness  of  her 
humour?  Condescending  to  the  meanest  servant  in  the  family,  or  others, 
she  still  kept  up  respect  without  the  least  pride.  She  danced  with  the 
greatest  grace  I  had  ever  seen — but  so  seldom  showed  that  perfection,  save 
in  the  gracefulness  of  her  carriage,  which  was  with  an  air  of  sprightly  mo- 
desty not  easily  to  be  described.  Nothing  affected,  but  natural  and  easy  in 
her  deportment  as  in  her  discourse — to  which  the  extraordinary  sweetness 
of  her  tone,  even  in  familiar  speaking,  was  very  charming.  I  have  been 
assisted  by  her  in  reading  and  praying  by  me;  comprehensive  of  uncommon 
notions,  curious  of  knowing  every  tiling  to  some  excess,  had  I  not  sometimes 
repressed  it.  Nothing  was  so  delightful  to  her  as  to  go  into  my  study,  where 
she  would  willingly  have  spent  whole  days.  But  all  these  are  vain  trifles 
to  the  virtues  which  adorned  her  soul.  IShe  was  sincerely  religious,  most 
dutiful  to  lier  parents,  whom  she  loved  with  an  affection  tempered  with 
great  esteem,  so  as  we  were  easy  and  free  and  never  were  so  well  pleased 
as  when  she  was  with  us,  nor  needed  we  other  conversation.  Oh,  dear, 
sweet  and  desirable  child,  how  shall  I  part  with  all  this  goodness  and  vir- 
tue, without  the  bitterness  of  sorrow  and  reluctancy  of  a  tender  parent! 
Thy  affection,  duty  and  love  to  me  was  that  of  a  friend  as  well  as  a  child!" 

The  Memoir  of  Mr.  Wirt  will  form  a  portion  of  an  additional  volume  of 
a  devotional  character  which  I  have  prepared  from  his  papers.  The  reader 
will  find  in  the  perusal  of  it,  how  singularly  it  resembles  the  sketch  which 
I  have  only  partially  extracted  from  the  Diary  of  Evelyn. 


Chap.  XVII.]  RELIGIOUS  IMPRESSIONS.  289 

ral  complexion  of  mind,  in  cast  of  character,  in  the  imaginations  which 
were  most  pleasant  to  his  fancy,  in  purity  of  taste,  love  of  art  and  de- 
votion to  literatiu'C,  as  well  as  in  the  constant  acknowledgment  of  the 
influences  of  Christian  faith,  Mr.  Wirt  bore  a  strong  similitude  to  this 
distinguished  Englishman,  who  now,  after  the  lapse  of  two  centuries, 
occupies  so  amiable  a  station  in  the  literature  of  his  country. 

From  this  period  we  date  a  very  notable  change  in  the  aspect  of 
Mr.  Wirt's  life.  He  lost,^never  entirely  to  recover  it, — that  buoy- 
ancy of  spirit  which  heretofore,  even  in  his  gravest  moments,  was 
wont  to  break  forth  in  sudden  and  irrepressible  sallies.  This  sad 
event  affected  his  health,  and  secretly  preyed  upon  his  mind  to  a  de- 
gree which  is  supposed  to  have  hastened  the  termination  of  his  life. 
That  religious  reverence  which  had  long  been  a  sentiment  of  his  heart 
now  grew  into  a  pervading  and  almost  engrossing  passion.  It  chas- 
tened his  ambition,  sobered  his  views  of  temporal  life,  led  to  the 
abandonment  of  schemes  and  fancies  which  for  a  long  time  had  formed 
the  staple  of  his  hopes  in  the  pursuit  of  his  profession.  He  became, 
more  than  ever,  a  student  in  spiritual  knowledge  and  a  most  devout 
and  assiduous  Christian.  I  find,  amongst  the  papers  belonging  to  this 
stage  of  his  history,  much  pious  meditation  and  religious  discourse, 
preserved  in  essays  and  other  writings  which  seem  to  have  occupied  a 
large  share  of  his  time.  Age  advanced  rapidly,  making  its  strong 
marks  upon  his  frame,  but  not  subduing  or  even  diminishing  the 
ardour  of  his  industry,  or  blunting  the  edge  of  his  faculties.  It  made 
him  wiser  and  better,  without  al^ating  the  strength  of  his  judgment 
or  intellect.  Occasionally  we  may  find  his  former  playfulness  revived, 
but  we  cannot  help  seeing  in  it,  how  much  it  was  tempered  and  ab- 
breviated by  the  ever-returning  memory  of  his  affliction. 

The  impeachment  case  had  scarcely  been  disposed  of,  before  Mr. 
Wirt  was  called  to  an  active  course  of  employment  in  the  Supreme 
Court.  It  was  fortunate,  perhaps,  to  his  peace  of  mind  that,  at  this 
period  of  domestic  grief,  his  professional  engagements  were  more  than 
ordinarily  exacting  of  his  time.  No  interval  was  allowed  to  sorrowful 
meditation.  He  addressed  himself  to  the  task  before  him  with  a 
manly  resolution,  and  acquitted  himself  of  his  duty  with  an  energy 
that  wholly  concealed  or  overmastered  the  trouble  of  his  mind.  After 
arguing  several  cases  of  inferior  importance,  he  found  himself,  at  once, 
Vol.  II.— 25  t 


290  ARGUMENT  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE.  [1831. 

at  the  threshold  of  that  great  controversy  of  the  Cherokees  and  the 
State  of  Georgia,  which,  at  this  time,  so  profoundly  engaged  the 
public  feeling. 

The  motion  for  the  injunction  in  that  case,  was  to  be  made,  accord- 
ing to  the  notice,  on  the  fifth  of  March. 

On  that  day  Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Sergeant  appeared  as  counsel  for 
the  Cherokee  Nation.  The  State  of  Georgia  refused  to  appear,  and 
was  therefore  unrepresented  in  the  Court.  The  cause  was  opened  by 
Mr.  Sergeant,  and  the  argument  concluded  by  his  colleague. 

"The  great  interest  excited  throughout  the  Union  by  this  contro- 
versy," says  the  North  American  Review  of  that  period,  "was  na- 
turally to  be  expected  from  the  novelty  of  the  case,  the  dignity  of  the 
parties,  and  the  high  importance  of  the  principles  in  question.  The 
scene  wore,  in  some  degree,  the  imposing  majesty  of  those  ancient 
debates,  in  which  the  great  father  of  Roman  eloquence  sustained,  be- 
fore the  Senate,  the  rights  of  allied  and  dependent,  but  still  sovereign 
princes,  who  had  found  themselves  compelled  to  seek  for  protection 
and  redress  from  the  justice  of  the  mighty  Republic.  We  may  add, 
that  the  high  and  well-earned  reputation  of  the  counsel,  retained  by 
the  Indians,  added  another  point  of  resemblance  to  the  parallel." 

The  most  important  question  in  the  cause,  as  it  turned  out,  related 
to  the  jurisdiction  of  the  Court.  The  motion  for  an  injunction  against 
the  State  of  Georgia  to  prevent  the  execution  of  the  oifensive  laws  in 
the  territory  of  the  Cherokees,  was  an  original  proceeding  in  the  Su- 
preme Court.  The  Constitution  gives  that  tribunal  jurisdiction  in 
controversies  "between  a  state  or  the  citizens  thereof,  and  foreign 
states,  citizens,  or  subjects."  It  gives,  also,  original  jurisdiction  to 
the  Supreme  Court,  in  all  cases  in  which  a  state  may  be  a  party. 
The  question  which  arose  under  these  clauses  was, — "  Is  the  Che- 
rokee Nation  z.  foreign  state  within  the  meaning  of  the  Constitution  V 
This  question,  though  preliminary  in  its  nature,  and,  in  one  aspect, 
decisive  of  the  case,  was  argued  by  the  counsel  in  connection  with  all 
the  other  topics  belonging  to  the  history  of  the  controversy. 

Mr.  Wirt's  argument  was  very  carefully  studied.  It  presents  a 
complete  view  of  the  high  questions  of  national  law  involved  in  the 
case,  laid  down  with  that  precision  and  force  which,  more  than  any 
other  quality,  distinguished  his  exposition  of  complicated  facts  or 


Chap.  XVIL]       EXTRACT  FROM  WIRT'S  SPEECH.  291 

principles.  It  is  an  argument  upon  which  the  most  eminent  lawyer 
in  the  country  might  contentedly  rest  his  fame ;  and  although  it  is 
delivered  to  the  profession,  stript  of  much  of  that  embellishment 
which  escapes  in  a  revised  report,  it  affords  a  very  fair  and  favourable 
example  both  of  the  pleader's  mode  of  debating  questions  in  the 
highest  department  of  the  science  of  jurisprudence,  and  of  the  cha- 
racteristic strain  of  his  eloquence. 

I  can  find  space  but  for  one  extract  from  this  speech,  which,  alto- 
gether, fills  nearly  one  hundred  pages  in  the  report.  The  portion  I 
select  refers  to  a  topic  of  momentous  concern  at  the  time  of  the  trial. 

Georgia,  as  we  have  noticed,  abstained  from  any  recognition  of  the 
proceedings  in  the  Supreme  Court.  There  was  a  sullen  and  ominous 
silence  on  the  part  of  the  State.  It  was  said  by  those  who  were  sup- 
posed to  be  confidential  with  her  councils,  that  Georgia  was  not  present 
because  she  did  not  mean  to  abide  by  an  adverse  decision,  and,  theie- 
fore,  took  no  steps  to  secure  a  favourable  one.  She  had  assumed  a 
position,  according  to  the  phrase  of  the  day,  "upon  her  reserved 
rights,"  and  acknowledged  no  arbiter  between  her  and  the  Cherokees. 
Not  long  before  this  trial,  she  had  given  a  very  significant  hint  as  to 
the  course  she  designed  to  pursue  throughout  the  whole  controversy. 
A  Cherokee,  known  by  the  name  of  Corn  Tassel,  had  murdered 
another  Indian  within  the  territory  of  the  tribe.  He  was  arrested  by 
the  authority  of  the  State  under  one  of  the  recent  laws  against  the 
ti-ibe,  was  tried,  and  sentenced  to  be  hung.  A  writ  of  error  was 
granted  by  the  Supreme  Court,  to  the  final  sentence  of  the  State 
Court,  upon  the  same  grounds  which  induced  the  application  for  the 
injunction.  But  the  State,  totally  irrespective  of  the  proceedings, 
executed  the  sentence,  pending  the  appeal. 

This  temper  of  the  State,  and  the  surmises  which  were  so  current 
in  the  Capitol  as  to  the  manner  in  which  a  decision  asainst  Geortria 
might  be  received,  suggested  to  the  counsel  the  topic  of  his  concluding 
remarks. 

"  Shall  we  be  a^ked  (the  question  has  been  asked  elsewhere)  how 
this  court  will  enforce  its  injunction,  in  case  it  shall  be  awarded  ?  I 
answer,  it  will  be  time  enough  to  meet  that  question  when  it  shall 
arise.  At  present,  the  question  is  whether  the  court,  by  its  constitu- 
tion, possesses  the  jurisdiction  to  which  we  appeal :  and  it  is  bcinnin'^ 


292 


ARGUMENT  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1831. 


at  the  wrong  end  of  the  inquiry  to  ask  how  the  jurisdiction,  if  pos- 
sessed, is  to  be  enforced.  No  court  takes  this  course  in  deciding  such 
a  question.  They  examine  the  question  of  jurisdiction  by  the  law 
which  creates  the  tribunal  and  marks  out  its  powers  and  duties.  If 
they  find  the  jurisdiction  there,  they  exercise  it,  and  leave  to  future 
consideration  the  mode  of  enforcing  it  in  case  it  shall  be  resisted.  In 
a  land  of  laws,  the  presumption  is  that  the  decision  of  courts  will  be 
respected ;  and,  in  case  they  should  not,  it  is  a  poor  government  in- 
deed, in  which  there  docs  not  exist  power  to  enforce  respect.  In  the 
great  ease  of  Pcnn  and  Lord  Baltimore,  in  which  the  boundaries  of 
States  in  North  America  were  in  question.  Lord  Hardwicke  did  not 
ask  himself  how  he  was  to  enforce  his  decree.  Although  the  tribunal 
was  parted  by  the  Atlantic  ocean  from  the  territory  in  question  he 
felt  no  embarrassment  on  that  point.  He  took  it  for  granted,  as  he 
had  a  right  to  do,  that  the  j)arties  would  respect  his  decision.  Had 
the  idea,  even,  crossed  his  mind  of  their  proving  contumacious,  he 
would  have  relied,  for  the  support  of  his  authority,  on  the  general 
coercive  powers  inherent  in  all  courts,  and,  these  failing,  on  the  strong 
arm  of  that  branch  of  the  government  whose  duty  it  is  to  see  that  the 
laws  be  executed.     Nor  would  his  reliance  have  been  in  vain. 

"  Sir,  what  is  the  value  of  that  government  in  which  the  decrees 
of  its  courts  can  be  mocked  at  and  defied  with  impunity  ?  Of  that 
government,  did  I  say?  It  is  no  government  at  all;  or,  at  best,  a 
flimsy  web  of  form,  capable  of  holding  only  the  feeblest  insects,  while 
the  more  powerful  of  wing  break  through  at  pleasure. 

"  If  a  strong  State  in  this  Union  assert  a  claim  against  a  weak  one, 
which  the  latter  denies,  where  is  the  arbiter  between  them  ?  Our 
Constitution  says  that  this  court  shall  be  the  arbiter.  But  if  the 
strong  State  refuses  to  submit  to  your  arbitrement,  —  what  then  ? 
Are  you  to  consider  whether  you  can  of  yourselves,  and,  by  the  mere 
power  inherent  in  the  court,  enforce  your  jurisdiction,  before  you  will 
exercise  it  ?  Will  you  decline  a  jurisdiction  clearly  committed  to  you 
by  the  Constitution,  from  the  fear  that  you  cannot,  by  your  own 
powers,  give  it  eff'ect,  and  thus  test  the  extent  of  your  jurisdiction,  not 
by  the  Constitution,  but  by  your  own  physical  capacity  to  enforce  it  ? 
Then,  why  have  you  taken  jurisdiction  in  the  case  of  New  Jersey  and 
New  York  ?  The  latter  State  has  refused  obedience  to  your  sum- 
mons. She  refuses  to  appear.  You  have  determined,  nevertheless, 
and  rightfully  determined,  to  proceed  with  the  cause.  But  suppose 
the  question  we  are  now  considering  to  have  been  put  to  you  in  that 
case  : — how  will  yon  enforce  your  decree  against  New  York  ?  You 
tell  her,  for  example,  that  the  boundary  between  the  two  states  is  that 
which  New  Jersey  asserts,  and  that  she  is  not  to  exercise  jurisdiction 
beyond  that  boundary.  New  York  laughs  at  your  decree  and  sets  it 
at  defiance.  Her  marshal  refuses  to  execute  it,  and  the  State  upholds 
and  protects  him^  by  force  of  arms  in  his  disobedience.     She  wiU  not 


Chap.  XVII.]      EXTRACTS  FROM  WIRT'S  SPEECH.  293 

permit  liim  to  be  attached  for  his  contempt,  and  defies  all  your  process 
of  execution.  New  Jersey  is  too  weak  to  enforce  it.  If  the  possi- 
bility of  difficulty  in  enforcing  your  decree  is  to  drive  you  to  a  sur- 
render of  your  jurisdiction,  the  argument  applies  as  forcibly  to  the 
case  of  New  Jersey  and  New  York  us  to  the  Cherokee  Nation  against 
the  State  of  Greorgia. 

'^  But,  if  we  have  a  government  at  all,  there  is  no  difficulty  in 
either  case.  In  pronouncing  your  decree  you  will  have  declared  the 
law ;  and  it  is  part  of  the  sworn  duty  of  the  President  of  the  United 
States  to  '  take  care  that  the  laws  be  faithfully  executed.'  It  is  not 
for  him,  nor  for  the  party  defendant,  to  sit  in  appeal  on  your  decision. 
The  Constitution  confers  no  such  power.  He  is  authorized  to  call 
out  the  military  power  of  the  country  to  enforce  the  execution  of  the 
laws.  It  is  your  function  to  say  what  the  law  is.  It  is  his  to  cause 
it  to  be  executed.  If  he  refuses  to  perform  his  duty,  the  Constitution 
has  provided  a  remedy. 

"  But  is  this  court  to  anticipate  that  the  President  will  not  do  his 
duty,  and  to  decline  a  given  jurisdiction  in  that  anticipation  ?  Nay, 
are  we  to  anticipate  that  a  defendant  State  will  not  do  her  duty  iu 
submitting  to  the  decree  of  this  court  ?  As  to  menaces  of  disobe- 
dience, the  contumacy  of  a  State  to  the  authority  of  this  court  is  not 
a  new  occurrence.  It  occuiTed  in  Olmstead's  case.  Pennsylvania 
there  took  this  menacing  attitude.  Nay,  she  went  further,  and  drevT 
up  an  armed  force  in  show  of  practical  resistance.  But  was  this  court 
deterred  by  this  menacing  attitude?  On  the  contrary,  they  did  not 
even  nfotice  it,  but  moved  on  with  the  calm  and  constant  dignity  which 
alone  becomes  them,  and  Pennsylvania  gave  way  without  striking  a 
blow.  Georgia,  heretofore,  assumed  this  same  menacing  attitude 
towards  the  Cherokees  and  the  executive  branch  of  the  government ; 
but  former  Presidents  gave  her  to  understand  that  the  United  States 
would  not  permit  the  violation  of  subsisting  treaties,  and  Greorgia  sub- 
mitted to  the  decision. 

"  Sir,  unless  the  Government  be  false  to  the  trust  which  the  people 
have  confided  to  it,  your  authority  will  be  sustained.  I  believe  that 
if  the  injunction  shall  be  awarded,  there  is  a  moral  force  in  the  public 
sentiment  of  the  American  comnmnity  which  will,  alone,  sustain  it 
and  constrain  obedience.  At  all  events,  let  us  do  our  duty,  and  the 
people  of  the  United  States  will  take  care  that  others  do  theirs.  If 
they  do  not,  there  is  an  end  of  the  Government,  and  the  Union  is 
dissolved.  For,  if  the  judiciary  be  struck  from  the  system,  what  is 
there,  of  any  value,  that  will  remain?  Sir,  the  Government  cannot 
subsist  without  it.  It  would  be  as  rational  to  talk  of  a  solar  system 
without  a  sun.  No,  sir;  the  people  of  the  United  States  know  the 
value  of  this  institution  too  well  to  suffer  it  to  be  put  down,  or  tram- 
melled in  its  action  by  the  dictates  of  others.  It  will  be  sustained  in 
whatever  cause  its  own  wisdom,  patriotism  and  virtues  shall  dii-ect,  by 
25* 


294 


ARGUMENT  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  CASE. 


[1831. 


the  respect,  the  affections,  the  suffrage  and,  if  necessary,  by  the  arms 
of  the  country.  It  has  been  an  object  of  reverence  to  the  best  and 
wisest  men  of  our  country,  from  the  first  movements  of  our  Constitu- 
tion to  the  present  day.  It  has  been  considered  by  them  all  as  the 
keystone  of  our  political  arch,  the  crown  of  its  beauty  and  the  bond 
of  its  strength.  Nor  will  the  people  suffer  it  to  be  touched  by  rash 
and  unskilful  hands  for  the  worst  of  purposes,  in  the  worst  of  times, 
even  if  there  are  any  among  us  so  hardy  as  to  meditate  it.  If,  then, 
I  am  asked  how  the  injunction  of  this  court,  if  granted,  is  to  be 
enforced,  I  answer  fearlessly,  by  the  majesty  of  the  people  of  the 
United  States,  before  which  canting  anarchy  (under  the  prostituted 
name  of  patriotism)  and  presuming  ignorance,  if  they  exist,  will  hide 
their  heads. 
/    "  Sir,  I  have  done. 

''  I  have  presented  to  you  all  the  views  that  have  occurred  to  me 
as  bearing  materially  on  this  question.  I  have  endeavoured  to  satisfy 
you  that,  according  to  the  supreme  law  of  the  land,  you  have  before 
you  proper  parties  and  a  proper  case  to  found  your  original  jurisdic- 
tion :  that  the  case  is  one  which  warrants  and  most  imperiously 
demands  an  injunction ;  and  unless  its  aspect  be  altered  by  an  answer 
and  evidence — which  I  confidently  believe  it  cannot  be — that  if  ever 
there  was  a  case  which  called  for  a  decree  of  perpetual  peace,  this  is 
the  case. 

"  It  is  with  no  ordinary  feelings  that  I  am  about  to  take  leave  of 
this  cause.  The  existence  of  this  remnant  of  a  once  great  and  mighty 
nation  is  at  stake ;  and  it  is  for  your  honours  to  say  whether  they 
shall  be  blotted  out  from  the  creation,  in  utter  disregard  of  all  our 
treaties.  They  are  here  in  the  last  extremity,  and  with  them  must 
perish  forever  the  honour  of  the  American  name.  The  f^iith  of  our 
nation  is  fatally  linked  with  their  existence,  and  the  blow  which  de- 
stroys them  quenches  forever  our  own  glory  :  for  what  glory  can  there 
be,  of  which  a  patriot  can  be  proud,  after  the  good  name  of  his  coun- 
try shall  have  departed  ?  We  may  gather  laurels  on  the  field  and 
trophies  on  the  ocean,  but  they  will  never  hide  this  foul  blot  upon 
our  escutcheon.  '  llemember  the  Cherokee  Nation'  —  will  be  answer 
enough  to  the  proudest  boasts  that  we  can  ever  make ;  answer  enough 
to  cover  with  confusion  the  face  and  the  heart  of  every  man  among 
us,  in  whose  bosom  the  last  spark  of  grace  has  not  been  extinguished. 
Such,  it  is  possible,  there  may  be  who  are  willing  to  glory  in  their 
own  shame,  and  to  triumph  in  the  disgrace  which  they  are  permitted 
to  heap  upon  this  nation.  But,  thank  Heaven !  they  are  compara- 
tively few.  The  great  majority  of  the  American  people  see  this  sub- 
ject in  its  true  light.  They  have  hearts  of  flesh  in  their  bosoms, 
instead  of  hearts  of  stone ;  and  every  rising  and  setting  sun  witnesses 
the  smoke  of  the  incense  from  the  thousands  and  tens  of  thousands 
of  domestic  altars,  ascending  to  the  throne  of  grace  to  invoke  its 


Chap.  XVII.]      EXTRACT  FROM  WIRT'S  SPEECH. 


295 


guidance  and  blessing  on  your  councils.     The  most  uudoubting  con- 
fidence is  rcpo.scd  in  this  tribunal. 

"  We  know  that  whatever  can  be  properly  done  for  this  unfortunate 
people  will  be  done  by  this  honourable  court.  Their  cause  is  one 
that  must  come  to  every  honest  and  feeling  heart.  They  have  been 
true  and  faithful  to  us,  and  have  a  right  to  expect  a  corresponding 
fidelity  on  our  part.  Through  a  long  course  of  years,  they  have  fol- 
lowed our  counsel  with  the  docility  of  children.  Our  wish  has  been 
their  law.  We  asked  them  to  become  civilized,  and  they  became  so. 
They  assumed  our  dress,  copied  our  names,  pursued  our  course  of 
education,  adopted  our  form  of  government,  embraced  our_  religion, 
and  have  been  proud  to  imitate  us  in  every  thing  in  their  power. 
They  have  watched  the  progress  of  our  prosperity  with  the  strongest 
interest,  and  have  marked  the  rising  grandeur  of  our  nation  with  as 
much  interest  as  if  they  had  belonged  to  us.  They  have  even  adopted 
our  resentments,  and  in  our  war  with  the  Seminole  tribes,  they  volun- 
tarily joined  our  arms,  and  gaA^e  effectual  aid  in  driving  back  those 
barbarians  from  the  very  State  that  now  oppresses  them.  They  threw 
upon  the  field  in  that  war,  a  body  of  men  who  proved,  by  their  martial 
bearing,  their  descent  from  the  noble  race  that  were  once  the  lords 
of  these  extensive  forests;  men  worthy  to  associate  with  the  Hion,' 
who,  in  their  own  language,  '  walks  upon  the  mountain-tops.'*  They 
fought  side  by  side  with  our  present  Chief  Magistrate,  and  received 
his  repeated  thanks  for  their  gallantry  and  conduct. 

"  May  it  please  your  honours,  they  have  refused  to  us  no  gratifica- 
tion which  it  has  been  in  their  power  to  grant.  We  asked  them  for 
a  portion  of  their  lands,  and  they  ceded  it.  We  asked  again  and 
again,  and  they  continued  to  cede,  until  they  have  now  reduced  them- 
selves within  the  narrowest  compass  that  their  own  subsistence  will 
permit.  What  return  are  we  about  to  make  to  them  for  all  this 
kindness  ?  We  have  pledged  for  their  protection,  and  for  the  guaran- 
tee of  the  remainder  of  their  lands,  the  faith  and  honour  of  the  nation ; 
a  faith  and  honour  never  sullied,  nor  even  drawn  into  question  till 
We  promised  them,  and  they  trusted  us.     They  have  trusted 


now. 


us  :  shall  they  be  deceived  ?  They  would  as  soon  expect  to  see  their 
rivers  run  upwards  on  their  sources,  or  the  sun  roll  back  in  his  career, 
as  that  the  United  States  would  prove  false  to  them,  and  false  to  the 
word  so  solemnly  pledged  by  their  Washington,  and  renewed  and 
perpetuated  by  his  illustrious  successors.  • 

"  Is  this  the  high  mark  to  which  the  American  nation  has  boon  so 
strenuously  and  successfully  pressing  forward?  Shall  we  sell  the 
mighty  meed  of  our  high  honours  at  so  worthless  a  price,  and,  in  two 
short  years,  cancel  all  the  glory  which  we  have  been  gaining  before 
the  world  for  the  last  half  century  ?     Forbid  it,  Heaven  ! 


296  THE  CHEROKEES  DEFEATED.  [1831. 

"  I  will  hope  for  better  things.  There  is  a  spirit  that  v/ill  yet  save 
us.  I  trust  that  we  shall  find  it  here,  in  this  sacred  court,  where  no 
foul  and  malignant  demon  of  party  enters  to  darken  the  understanding 
or  to  deaden  the  heart,  but  where  all  is  clear,  calm,  pure,  vital  and 
firm.  I  cannot  believe  that  this  honourable  court,  possessing  the 
power  of  preservation,  will  stand  by  and  see  these  people  stripped  of 
their  property  and  extirpated  from  the  earth,  w^hile  they  are  holding 
up  to  us  their  treaties  and  claiming  the  fulfilment  of  our  engagements. 
If  truth  and  feith  and  honour  and  justice  have  fled  from  every  other 
part  of  our  counti-y,  we  shall  find  them  here.  If  not,  our  sun  has 
gone  down  in  treachery,  blood  and  crime,  in  the  face  of  the  world ; 
and,  instead  of  being  proud  of  our  country,  as  heretofore,  we  may  well 
call  upon  the  rocks  and  mountains  to  hide  our  shame  from  earth  and 
heaven." 

The  fate  of  this  application  is  well  known.  The  court  decided  the 
preliminary  question, — that  of  the  jurisdiction, — against  the  com- 
plainants. The  opinion  was  carefully  prepared  by  Chief  Justice 
Marshall,  and  was  delivered  manifestly  with  regi-et.  "  If  coiu'ts  were 
permitted,"  said  he,  ''  to  indulge  their  sympathies,  a  case  better  calcu- 
lated to  excite  them  can  scarcely  be  imagined.  A  people,  once 
numerous,  powerful  and  truly  independent,  found  by  our  ancestors  in 
the  quiet  and  uncontrolled  possession  of  an  ample  domain,  gradually 
sinking  beneath  our  superior  policy,  our  arts  and  our  arms,  have 
yielded  their  lands  by  successive  treaties,  each  of  which  contains  a 
solemn  guarantee  of  the  residue,  until  they  retain  no  more  of  their 
formerly  extensive  territory  than  is  deemed  necessary  to  their  com- 
fortable subsistence.  To  preserve  this  remnant,  the  present  applica- 
tion is  made."  The  question  of  jurisdiction  was  one  upon  which  Mr. 
Wirt,  from  the  first,  entertained  doubts ;  but  his  opinion  in  favour  of 
it  was  confirmed  by  the  high  authority  of  Chancellor  Kent  and  other 
eminent  lawyers.  The  Chancellor's  opinion  was  read  in  the  discussion 
of  the  case ;  it  was  carefully  studied  and  strongly  pronounced.  In 
the  Court,  the  decision  was  not  unanimous : — Judges  Thompson  and 
Story  dissented.  But,  amidst  these  conflicts  of  opinion,  the  Cherokees 
were  defeated. 

Few  persons,  at  the  present  day,  will  lament  this  defeat.  It  opened 
to  the  tribe  a  better  destiny.  The  fervour  of  the  orator  is  but  an 
imperfect  gauge  of  the  wisdom  of  the  statesman.  For  the  sake  of  the 
instruction  it  imparts,  it  is  often  worth  the  labour  to  compare  the 


Chap.  XVII.]       CONDITION  OF  THE  CPIEROKEES.  297 

glowing  prophecies  which  arc  uttered  in  the  inspiration  of  a  heated 
fancy  with  the  subsequent  revelations  of  time.  Mr.  Wirt's  impas- 
sioned peroration,  which  we  have  just  read,  affords  an  example  that 
may  be  studied.  Neither  have  the  Cherokees  been  "blotted  out 
from  creation,"  nor  has  "the  honour  of  the  American  name"  forever 
perished.  I  have  before  me  the  last  report  of  the  Indian  agent,  upon 
the  condition  of  the  Cherokees,  in  their  home  beyond  the  Mississippi 
— the  report  of  1848.  "  The  Cherokees,"  he  infoi^ms  the  Govern- 
ment, "  are  in  a  prosperous  condition,  so  far  as  agi'icultural  pursuits 
are  concerned.  Many  of  them  have  large  and  extensive  farms,  under 
good  fences  and  well  cultivated.  Peace  and  order  prevailed  (in  their 
council  at  Tahlaquah,  the  seat  of  government)  to  an  extent  not  very 
common  in  legislative  bodies,  and  I  hesitate  not  to  say  that,  if  the 
different  parties  were  again  united  so  as  to  confide  in  each  other,  they 
are  as  capable  of  managing  their  own  affairs,  in  a  territorial  or  state 
government,  as  most  people  are  in  a  territorial  or  new  state  govern- 
ment. 

"  With  regard  to  the  females,  they  are  generally  industrious  and 
very  neat  in  their  household  affairs.  You  generally  find  them  neatly 
and  fashionably  dressed  in  home-made  clothes  of  their  own  manufac- 
turing. In  passing  through  the  country,  the  wheel  and  the  loom  are 
frequently  the  first  sounds  that  greet  your  ear. 

"  With  regard  to  the  progress  of  religion  and  literature  in  the  Che- 
rokee Nation,  I  am  ad\ased  that  I  may  readily  set  it  down,  that,  in 
each,  there  has  been  at  least  an  improvement  of  ten  per  cent,  from 
the  last  nine  years'  report.  The  two  seminaries  are  in  progi-ess  of 
building.  The  following  branches  of  education  have  been  taught : — 
spelling,  reading,  writing,  arithmetic,  geograpliy,  grammar,  natural 
and  mental  philosophy,  algebra  and  composition.  Many  of  the 
scholars  made  good  progress  in  their  studies,  and,  at  the  public 
examination,  acquitted  themselves  much  to  their  own  credit  and  the 
satisfaction  of  a  large  number  of  spectators,  comprising  some  of  the 
leading  men  of  the  nation,  among  whom  was  the  acting  principal 
chief  and  one  or  two  members  of  the  legislature." 

This  is  a  promising  picture,  and  may  somewhat  reconcile  us  to  the 
wrongs  of  which  we  have  given  the  history. 


298 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


[1831. 


The  following  extract  from  a  letter  of  this  period  calls  us  back  to 
the  domestic  life  of  the  subject  of  our  Memoir.  It  has  a  plaintive 
note  of  deepest  distress. 


TO  JUDGE   CARR. 

Baltimore,  March  23,  1831. 
"  I  owe  you  several  letters,  my  dear  friend ;  but  you  are  kind,  and 
can  allow  for  my  situation.  I  have  had  such  a  winter  as  I  never  had 
before.  Heavy  causes  to  argue,  with  a  broken  heart  and  exhausted 
strength, — when,  at  every  step,  I  felt  far  better  disposed  to  lie  down 
in  the  grave.  It  was  not  in  such  a  frame  that  I  could  address  you. 
Even  now,  I  am  unfit  to  write.  For  to  me,  the  heavens  are  hunn- 
with  mourning  and  the  earth  covered  with  darkness.  The  charm  of 
life  is  gone.  I  look  at  my  beloved  wife  and  my  still  remaining  circle 
of  affectionate  children,  and  my  heart  reproaches  me  with  ingratitude 
to  heaven.  I  have  been  too  blessed  for  my  deserts.  The  selection 
of  the  victi?)!  is  too  striking  to  he  misunderstood.  There  is  a  better 
world,  of  which  I  have  thought  too  little.  To  that  world  she  is  gone, 
and  thither  my  afiections  have  followed  her.  This  was  Heaven's 
design.  I  see  and  feel  it  as  distinctly  as  if  an  angel  had  revealed  it. 
I  often  imagine  that  I  can  see  her  beckoning  me  to  the  happy  world 
to  which  she  has  gone.  She  was  my  companion,  my  office  com- 
panion, my  librarian,  my  clerk.  My  papers  now  bear  her  endorse- 
ment. She  pursued  her  studies  in  my  ofiice,  by  my  side — sat  with 
me,  walked  with  me, — was  my  inexpressibly  sweet  and  inseparable 
companion — never  left  me  but  to  go  and  sit  with  her  mother.  "\Ye 
knew  all  her  intelligence,  all  her  pure  and  delicate  sensibility,  the 
quickness  and  power  of  her  perceptions,  her  seraphic  love.  She  was 
all  love,  and  loved  all  God's  creation,  even  the  animals,  trees  and 
plants.  She  loved  her  God  and  Sa^dour  with  an  angel's  love,  and 
died  like  a  saint." 

^fr  *  *  *  *  * 


CHAPTER   XVIII. 
1831. 

POLITICAL    LIFE.  —  MR.    WIRT    APPOINTED   A   DELEGATE    TO    THE 

BALTIMORE     CONVENTION. MEETING     OF     THE    ANTI-MASONIC 

CONVENTION. MR.    WIRT    NOMINATED    BY    THEM    AS    A    CANDI- 
DATE   FOR    THE    PRESIDENCY. HE    ACCEPTS    THE    NOMINATION. 

HIS    VIEWS    OF    THE    CANVASS. THE     NOMINATION    OP    MR. 

CLAY. — LETTERS   FROM    MR.   WIRT   TO    S.   P.   CHASE   AND   JUDGE 
CARR. 

In  tliis  period  of  his  deepest  distress, — it  occurs,  singularly  enough, 
in  the  history  of  Mr.  Wirt,  —  he  was  invited  to  become  an  active 
champion  in  the  political  field.  Now  just  verging  upon  sixty,  his 
ambition  lulled  into  rest  by  the  fruition  of  high  public  honours,  his 
distaste  to  political  life  rather  increased  by  long  and  toilsome  service, 
his  heart  turned  away  from  worldly  things  by  domestic  affection,  his 
mind  turned  to  heavenly  thoughts  by  the  inspiration  of  the  most  reli- 
gious influences — singularly  enough  it  occurs,  that,  in  such  a  time  and 
in  such  a  mood,  he  was  forced  by  circumstances  into  a  position  which, 
all  along  throughout  life,  when  the  motives  were  a  thousand-fold 
more  cogent  to  compel  his  consent,  he  had  pertinaciously  avoided. 
Preparations  were  now  on  foot  for  the  Presidential  canvass  of  1832. 
A  National  Convention  of  the  opponents  of  the  Administration  was 
to  be  held  in  Baltimore,  in  December,  1831.  They  were  to  nomi- 
nate a  candidate  for  the  Presidency.  A  general  expectation,  amongst 
those  who  were  to  be  represented  in  tliis  Convention,  was  already 
directed  to  Mr.  Clay  as  the  opponent  of  General  Jackson,  who,  it  was 
now  understood,  in  spite  of  the  pledge  given  by  him  to  the  contrary, 
was  to  be  a  candidate  for  the  second  term.  The  Whigs  of  the  con- 
gressional district  in  which  the  city  of  Baltimore  was,  in  part,  em- 
braced, had  expressed  their  wish  that  Mr.  Wirt  would  represent  them 
in  the  Convention.  In  a  letter  of  the  22d  of  jMay,  to  Judge  Carr, 
we  have  his  own  account  of  the  application  to  him. 

(299) 


300 


THE  BALTIMORE  CONVENTION. 


[1831. 


""We  are,  you  know," — he  writes  —  "to  liave  a  great  National 
Convention  here  in  December,  and  I  have  been  asked  to  represent 
this  district  in  it.  Now,  I  hate  politics,  and  can  never  be  a  party 
man  —  much  less  a  party  leader  —  for  'I  trust  I  have  a  good  con- 
science ;'  and,  in  these  times,  I  doubt  the  practicability  of  a  politician 
possessing  such  a  blessing.  Besides,  I  have  not  the  nerve  to  bear  the 
vulgar  abuse  which  is  the  politician's  standing  dish.  I  have  kept 
myself  in  comparative  peace,  by  avoiding  politics ;  and  in  my  old  age 
I  feel  a  most  vehement  repugnance  to  the  turmoil  to  which  I  am 
invited.  But  they  ask  me  if  I  have  no  concern  for  my  country. 
*  *  *  I  have  said,  that  if  the  people 

wish  me  to  go  to  the  Convention  in  December,  I  will  go  and  utter 
their  sentiments  —  that  is,  as  at  present  advised,  reserving  to  my- 
self further  time  for  consideration.  At  present,  I  think  Clay  the 
soundest  amongst  the  candidates,  and  that  he  will  make  a  good 
President. 

" What  do  you  say  to  it  all  ? — first,  as  to  the  policy  of  such  a 

Convention  ;  and  second,  of  my  going  into  it  ?  My  friends  here  talk 
of  making  it  a  stepping-stone  to  the  Senate  of  the  United  States. 
But  what  do  I  care  for  the  Senate  ?  I  am  rather  too  old  to  start  now, 
for  the  first  time,  on  such  a  course,  and  have  neither  speed  nor  bottom 
for  the  race.  Yet,  if  I  could  see  that  public  good  would  come  of  it, 
I  do  not  think  I  could  properly  refuse.  Do  you  suspect  that  there  is 
any  lurking  ambition  under  this  ?  If  there  be,  it  is  too  deeply  con- 
cealed for  my  own  discovery." 

In  due  time  he  was  chosen  to  be  a  member  of  the  Convention,  and 
accepted  the  trust. 

A  very  unexpected  incident  soon  afterwards  followed  this ;  and,  as 
it  threw  him  into  a  position  of  great  notoriety  throughout  the  whole 
Union,  and  involved  him  in  a  very  heavy  political  responsibility,  it  is 
proper  that  I  should  speak  of  it  somewhat  at  large. 

The  approaching  contest  for  the  Presidency  greatly  interested  the 
Whigs,  —  or,  as  they  were  called  at  that  period,  the  National  Repub- 
licans. General  Jackson,  it  was  announced,  was  already  understood 
to  be  the  candidate  of  his  own  party.  The  opposition,  in  different 
sections  of  the  Union,  had  variously  directed  their  views  to  Mr.  Clay, 
of  Kentucky,  Mr.  McLean,  of  Ohio,   and  Mr.  Calhoun,  of  South 


Chap.  XVIII.]  ANTI-MASONRY.  301 

Carolina.  Amongst  these,  Mr.  Clay  was  tlie  most  prominent.  His 
nomination  was,  therefore,  looked  to  as  almost  certain. 

During  the  few  years  immediately  before  this  date,  the  Anti-Masonic 
party  had  grown  into  considerable  strength.  The  abduction  of  IMorgan, 
and  the  extraordinary  proceedings  which  followed  it,  had  produced  a 
remarkable  excitement,  especially  in  the  Northern  and  Western  States. 
It  is  a  curious  history  which  will  ever  occupy  a  notable  page  in  the 
annals  of  the  time,  and  is  too  well  known  to  need  repetition  here. 
Like  other  exciting  topics  which  have  taken  hold  of  the  public  mind 
in  this  country,  it  led  to  the  organization  of  a  distinct  political  party. 
The  zeal  to  destroy  Masonry  rose  above  all  other  subjects  of  public 
concern;  and  a  large  body  of  respectable  and  judicious  men  were 
found,  in  several  States,  who  were  willing  to  forego  all  the  ordinary 
inducements  to  the  old  political  organization  and  to  embody  them- 
selves into  a  party  to  accomplish  this  one  object.  The  most  intracta- 
ble of  all  men  are  those  whose  minds  are  engrossed  with  one  idea. 
An  idea  just  in  itself,  useful  to  be  promulgated  and  finally  to  be  in- 
corporated in  the  policy  of  the  nation,  may  easily  be  magnified  into 
proportions  altogether  incongruous  with  the  place  it  should  hold  in  a 
system  of  either  public  or  private  morals.  If  the  greatest  abuse  is 
only  to  be  corrected  by  the  surrender  or  neglect  of  all  other  useful 
and  essential  principles  of  policy  or  conduct,  wise  men  will  always 
reflect  and  determine,  beforehand,  whether  the  good  to  be  achieved  is 
worth  the  sacrifice.  An  enthusiast  will  not  halt  for  this  consideration. 
The  topic  that  is  nearest  to  his  contemplation  will  sometimes  obscure 
the  greatest  subjects  that  stand  behind  it,  as  the  disc  of  a  button,  near 
the  eye,  will  shut  out  the  view  of  half  the  firmament. 

The  day  of  political  agitation  upon  Anti-Masonry  has  now  gone  by. 
The  excitement  naturally  soon  wore  out  itself  and  its  subject.  We 
may  wonder,  after  this  lapse  of  time,  that  intelligent  and  acute  men 
could  have  ever  persuaded  themselves  that  it  had  a  base  broad  enough 
upon  which  to  build  up  a  party :  —  that  the  manifold  interests  of  a 
great  country,  its  trade,  commerce  and  general  industry,  its  finance, 
its  development  through  the  thousand  channels  of  public  administra- 
tion, its  party  alliances,  its  ambitious  strifes  and  its  multiform  pursuits, 
could  all  be  reduced  into  subordination  to  the  purpose  of  extirpating 
Masonry  by  political  action.    There  were,  nevertheless,  able,  virtuous 

Vol.  IL  — 26 


I 


302  THE  ANTI-MASONIC  CONVENTION.  [1S31. 

and  gravely-thinking  men  who  entertained  such  an  opinion,  and  de- 
voted themselves  to  the  duty  of  accomplishing  this  labour.  We  cannot 
say  they  were  statesmen.  It  has  been  customary,  amongst  many 
well-intentioned  people,  to  decry  the  practised  and  experienced  public 
men  of  the  nation,  as  hackneyed  politicians ;  and  to  teach  the  country 
to  believe,  that  a  long  conversancy  in  the  knowledge  of  state  affairs  is 
rather  a  disqualification  to  him  who  possesses  it,  rendering  him  unfit 
to  counsel  and  unworthy  of  trust.  There  are  too  many  who  suppose 
that  political  experience  is  a  vice,  that  fomiliarity  with  the  conduct 
of  government  is  but  the  nurse  of  selfishness,  and  that  patriotism 
cannot  consist  with  the  best  accomplishments  of  a  statesman,  earned 
in  a  life  of  service  and  study.  No  hackneyed  politician,  no  practised 
statesman  conversant  in  the  nature  of  a  people  and  government,  would 
have  ever  conceived  the  purpose  of  superseding  all  other  parties  by  a 
new  one  formed  upon  the  single  basis  of  opposition  to  Masonry ;  — 
none,  certainly,  but  such  as  might  hope  to  promote  some  personal  end 
for  themselves  in  the  achievement.  The  lecture-room,  the  pulpit,  the 
theatre  and  the  press,  might  effectively  take  cognizance  of  such  a 
subject;  but  not  a  Government,  which  does  its  work  by  Secretaries 
of  State  and  of  the  Treasury,  by  Navies  and  Armies,  by  Judges  and 
Marshals,  and  by  Committees  of  Ways  and  Means  and  Committees 
of  Commerce. 

This  Anti-Ma.sonic  party,  it  was  said,  at  the  period  to  which  we 
refer,  supposed  themselves  able  to  command  a  vote  of  half  a  million 
in  the  country.  Sincere  and  zealous  in  their  purpose,  unquestionably 
honest  and  patriotic  in  all  that  they  contrived  and  intended  to  do,  and, 
as  I  have  already  said,  intelligent,  thoughtful,  and  able  in  the  general 
complexion  of  the  men  at  their  head,  they  had  arranged  a  Convention 
of  delegates  to  be  chosen  from  the  several  States,  who  were  to  meet, 
by  appointment,  in  Baltimore  in  September, — more  than  two  months 
before  the  meeting  of  the  other  Convention, — to  select  a  candidate  for 
the  Presidency. 

In  pursuance  of  this  arrangement,  a  large  body  of  delegates  assem- 
bled in  Baltimore,  about  the  25th  of  the  month.  It  was  distinguished 
for  its  talent,  and  for  the  weight  of  character  which  it  presented.  It 
was  looked  upon  with  a  curious  and  deep  interest  throughout  the 
whole  country  :  —  with  approbation  by  many ;  but  with  a  settled  and 


Chap.  XVIII.]     NOMINATED  FOR  THE  PRESIDENCY.  303 

etcrn,  tliougli  silent,  hostility,  by  that  numerous  and  respectable  class 
of  citizens  which,  in  every  State,  yet  constituted  the  body  of  the 
Masonic  fraternity.  Not  one  mason  in  a  thousand  believed  the  stories 
of  the  New  York  abduction.  Those  who  did  believe  it,  regarded  it 
as  an  outrage  with  which  the  fraternity  could  not  be  chargeable.  That 
fraternity  was  dignified  and  illustrated  by  many  of  the  best  and  purest 
citizens  in  the  country,  and  naturally  scorned  this  deliberate  and  pre- 
arranged eifort  to  denounce  them  as  enemies  to  public  order.  They 
looked,  therefore,  askance  at  the  whole  proceeding,  with  a  resolve  to 
make  head  against  it  hereafter,  when  the  opportunity  to  do  so  should 
present  itself.  In  political  opinion,  this  Anti-Masonic  party  were 
generally  ranked  amongst  the  opponents  to  the  existing  administra- 
tion:  a  large  majority  of  them,  —  their  Anti-Masonry  apart  —  were 
the  political  friends  of  the  party  which  were  to  meet  in  Convention 
in  December.  Indeed,  a  general  belief  was  entertained  that  it  was 
their  purpose  to  act  in  coincidence  with  the  views  of  that  Convention ; 
and  the  hope  was  freely  expressed,  that  the  candidate  they  should 
nominate  might  be  made  acceptable  to  the  delegates  of  the  December 
meeting ;  that  the  two  Conventions,  uniting  on  the  same  individual, 
would  bring  a  united  force  into  the  field  against  the  administration 
then  in  power.  That  this  would  be  the  result,  was  an  opinion  and  an 
expectation  which  prevailed  both  before  and  after  the  nomination; 
and  was  believed  in,  almost  up  to  the  day  of  the  assembling  of  the 
December  Convention. 

Very  much  to  the  surprise  of  Mr.  Wirt,  he  found,  upon  the  meet- 
ing of  the  Anti-IMasonic  delegates,  that  their  thoughts  were  directed 
to  him  as  their  candidate.  We  have  seen  that  he  was  already  a 
selected  member  of  the  Convention  of  December,  and  that  he  was 
friendly  to  the  nomination  of  Mr.  Clay.  This  was  well  known  to  the 
city  of  Baltimore,  and  we  must  presume,  also,  well  known  to  the 
delegates  there  assembled. 

On  the  28th  of  September,  the  Convention  tendered  to  him  the 
nomination  for  the  Presidency  of  the  United  States.  Mr.  Amos  Ell- 
maker,  of  Pennsylvania,  was  selected  by  them  as  the  candidate  for  the 
Vice-Presidency. 

On  the  evening  of  that  day,  ^Ir.  Wirt  sent  a  communication  to  the 
Convention,  accepting  the  nomination.     As  this  paper  explains  the 


804 


LETTER  TO  THE  CONVENTION 


[1831. 


grounds  of  this  acceptance,  and  forms  an  important  document  in  an 
interesting  passage  of  political  history,  I  give  it  entire,  as  I  find  it  in 
the  papers  of  the  day. 

"Baltimore,  September  28,  1831. 
"At  the  meeting  of  the  Convention  at  8  o'clock  this  evening,  the 
following  communication  from  3Ir.  AViii;  was  received  : 

"  Gentlemen  : 

"  The  unanimous  resolution  of  the  '  National  Anti-Masonic  Con- 
vention' assembled  at  this  place,  nominating  me  as  their  candidate  for 
the  oflBce  of  President  of  the  United  States,  at  the  ensuing  election, 
is  an  honour  very  grateful  to  me,  as  a  proof  of  confidence  from  so 
respectable  a  body,  and  quite  as  unexpected  as  it  is  grateful.  My 
pursuits,  habits  and  inclinations,  have  removed  me  so  far  from  the 
political  excitements  and  contentions  of  the  day,  and  I  know  so  well, 
from  a  close  personal  observation  of  twelve  years,  how  little  of  attrac- 
tion there  is  in  the  office  of  President  of  the  United  States,  to  any 
man  who  values  his  own  peace,  that  it  was  as  far  removed  from  my 
wishes  as  my  expectations,  that  it  would  occur  to  any  portion  of  my 
fellow-citizens  to  present  my  name  to  the  consideration  of  my  country- 
men for  that  office.  Not  only  have  I  never  sought  the  office,  but  I 
have  long  since  looked  at  it  with  far  more  of  dread  than  of  desire, 
being  fully  aware  of  its  fearful  responsibilities,  and  of  the  fact,  demon- 
strated by  past  experience,  that  no  degree  of  purity  and  intelligence 
that  can  be  exerted  in  the  discharge  of  its  duties,  can  protect  its 
possessor  from  misrepresentation  and  aspersion. 

"  Give  me  leave  to  add,  gentlemen,  that  one  of  the  last  quarters 
from  which  I  could  have  anticipated  such  an  honour,  is  the  Anti- 
IMasonic  Convention ;  because,  adopting  (too  hastily,  I  am  happy  to 
find,)  the  current  rumours  of  the  day,  I  had  supposed  that  the  very 
principle  of  your  union  was  a  war  of  indiscriminate  proscription  against 
all  persons  throughout  the  United  States  who  had  ever  borne  the  name 
of  mason ;  that  you  would  put  in  nomination  no  person  who  had  ever 
been  a  mason  himself,  and  who  would  not,  moreover,  pledge  himself 
to  become  a  party  to  such  a  war  of  indiscriminate  extermination,  and 
wield  the  appointing  power  of  the  office  under  your  dictation ;  who 
would  not,  in  short,  become  the  President  of  your  party,  instead  of 
being  the  President  of  the  United  States.  I  am  happy  to  find  that 
this  is  an  error ;  for  I  should  have  been  grieved  for  ni}'  country,  to 
see  the  rise  of  any  party  that  should  aflect  to  seize  upon  the  reins  of 
government,  and,  through  the  agency  of  an  automaton  President,  to 
direct  its  powers  to  the  vindictive  purposes  of  party  proscription  and 
persecution ;  and  I  should  be  grieved,  for  mj^self,  to  learn  that  there 
had  been  anything  in  my  life  and  character  that  could  mark  me  out 


Chaf.  XVIII.]        ACCEPTING  THE  NOMINATION.  305 

as  a  fit  instrument  for  tlie  execution  of  such  a  purpose.  I  am  relieved 
from  both  these  apprehensio)is  by  learning,  since  your  assemblage 
here,  that  you  have  no  other  object  in  view  than,  in  effect,  to  assert 
the  supremacy  of  the  laws  of  the  land  5  that  you  seek  to  disturb  no 
portion  of  the  peaceable  and  virtuous  citizens  of  our  country  in  the 
enjoj^raent  of  those  social  rights  which  are  secured  to  them  by  their 
constitution  and  laws ;  but,  on  the  contrary,  that  the  principle  which 
has  embodied  you  is  one  of  self-defence,  in  the  enjoyment  of  those 
rights ;  that  having  become  convinced,  by  the  disclosures  made  vmder 
oath,  by  numerous  and  respectable  witnesses,  in  the  trials  which  have 
been  agitating  the  State  of  New  York  for  several  years,  and  by  your 
investigations  consequent  on  those  disclosures,  that  the  Masonic  Society 
has  become  a  tremendous  political  engine,  with  the  power  and  the 
disposition  to  set  the  laws  of  the  land  at  defiance,  to  mark  out  and 
sacrifice  its  victims  at  pleasure  and  with  impunity,  and  to  silence  all 
individual  opposition  by  the  mysterious  terrors  which  it  diffuses 
throughout  the  communitj',  you  have  come  to  the  determination  to 
root  out  this  noxious  institution,  if  you  can,  by  the  use  of  all  the 
peaceable,  legal  and  constitutional  means  in  your  power;  that  the 
most  effective  means  of  this  character  which  has  presented  itself  to  / 
you,  is  by  the  exercise  of  your  elective  franchise ;  that  deeming  every 
man  unfit  for  oflBce,  who,  in  accordance  with  the  principles  established 
on  the  trials  in  New  York,  considers  his  masonic  oaths  and  obligations 
as  superior  to  his  obligations  to  the  constitution  and  laws  of  his  coun- 
try, you  will  support  no  man  for  any  office  who  holds  that  principle, 
or  adheres  to  the  society  whose  principle  it  is ;  that  you  consider  a 
man's  allegiance  to  his  country  his  highest  earthly  obligation,  and  that 
no  man  is  fit  to  be  trusted  with  one  of  the  offices  of  the  country  who 
will  permit  a  doubt  to  rest  on  the  fact  of  his  allegiance.  These,  I 
understand  to  be  your  principles,  and  I  see  nothing  in  them  which 
does  not  commend  them  to  every  man  whose  mind  and  hearj;  are  sound ; 
for  there  can  be  no  question  among  reasonable  men,  that  in  a  free 
government  like  ours,  the  constitution  and  laws  are  our  only  sovereign ; 
that  the  peace,  order,  prosperity  and  happiness  of  our  people  depend 
on  the  steady,  faithful  and  eficctual  administration  of  our  laws ;  that 
any  secret  society  which,  by  the  force  of  mysterious  oaths  and  obliga- 
tions, and  by  the  extent  of  its  combination,  seeks  to  disturb  the  action 
of  those  laws,  to  set  them  at  defiance,  to  ride  over  and  control  them, 
to  usurp  the  government,  to  hold  the  lives,  peace  and  happiness  of 
society  at  their  mercy,  and  to  establish  a  reign  of  terror  over  the 
initiated  and  uninitiated,  is  a  political  monster  as  fearful  as  the  Invi- 
sible Tribunal  of  German}-,  or  the  Inquisition  of  Spain,  and  ought  to 
be  extirpated,  without  delay,  by  the  use  of  all  the  peaceable  means 
which  the  constitution  and  hiM'S  of  our  country  furnish.  I  am  furthei 
sure  that,  in  our  country,  it  is  but  necessary  to  establish  the  fact  of 
the  existence  of  such  a  society,  to  insure  its  annihilation. 
26*  U 


306 


LETTER  TO  THE  CONVENTION, 


[1S31. 


"  But,  gentlemen,  although  your  resolution  asks  of  me  no  pledges 
or  promises,  jet  the  name  and  style  of  the  Convention  from  which  it 
proceeds,  the  anti-Masonic  Convention,  may  be  considered  both  by 
yourselves  and  our  fellow-citizens  at  large,  as  necessarily  involving, 
by  implication,  such  promises  and  pledges ;  and  it  is  therefore  proper 
that  I  should  be  perfectly  open  and  candid  with  you,  that  there  may 
be  no  misapprehension  between  us,  and  that  you  may  be  able  to  dis- 
embarrass yourselves  at  once,  by  changing  your  nomination,  if  you 
find  that  you  have  acted  under  mistake  in  passing  this  resolution. 

"  You  must  understand,  then,  if  you  are  not  already  apprised  of 
it,  that,  in  very  early  life,  I  was  myself  initiated  into  the  mysteries 
of  Free-Masonry.  I  have  been  told  by  masons  that  my  eyes  were 
not  opened,  because  I  never  took  the  Master's  degree ;  but  my  curi- 
osity never  led  me  thus  far — and,  although  I  soon  discontinued  my 
attendance  on  lodges,  (not  having  entered  one  even  from  curiosity  for 
more  than  thirty  years,  I  believe,)  it  proceeded  from  no  suspicion  on 
my  part  that  there  was  anything  criminal  in  the  institution,  or  any- 
thing that  placed  its  members,  in  the  slightest  degree,  in  collision  with 
their  allegiance  to  their  country  and  its  laws.  On  the  contrary,  having 
been,  before  my  initiation,  assured  by  a  gentleman  in  whom  I  had 
implicit  confidence,  that  there  was  nothing  in  the  engagement  which 
could  affect  either  my  religion  or  my  politics,  (which  I  considered  as 
comprehending  the  whole  range  of  my  duties,  civil  and  i-eligious,  and 
as  extending  not  to  the  first  degree  only,  but  to  the  whole  Masonic 
order,)  and  being  further  informed  that  many  of  the  most  illustrious 
men  of  Virginia,  with  General  Washington  "at  their  head,  belonged 
to  that  order,  and  had  taken  the  degree  of  Master,  I  did  not  believe 
that  there  could  be  anything  in  the  institution  at  war  with  their  duties 
as  patriots,  men  and  Christians ;  nor  is  it  yet  possible  for  me  to  believe 
that  they  could  have  understood  the  engagement  as  involving  any  such 
criminal  obligations.  I  have,  thenceforward,  continually"  regarded 
Masonry  as  nothing  more  than  a  social  and  charitable  club,  designed 
for  the  promotion  of  good  feeling  among  its  members,  and  for  the 
pecuniary  relief  of  their  indigent  brethren.  I  have,  indeed,  thought 
very  little  about  it  for  thirty  years.  It  had  dropped  from  my  mind 
so  completely  that  I  do  not  believe  I  should  have  been  able  to  gain 
admittance  into  any  lodge  at  all  strict  in  their  examinations,  where  I 
should  have  had  to  depend  alone  on  my  memory ;  and  so  little  conse- 
quence did  I  attach  to  it,  that  whenever  IMasonry  has  been  occasion- 
ally introduced  as  a  subject  of  conversation,  I  have  felt  more  disposed 
to  smile  than  to  frown. 

"  Thinking  thus  of  it,  nothing  has  more  surprised  me  than  to  see 
it  blown  into  consequence,  in  the  Northern  and  Eastern  States,  as  a 
political  engine,  and  the  whole  community  excited  against  it  as  an 
affair  of  serious  imjiortance.  I  had  heard,  indeed,  the  general  rumour 
that  Morgan  had  been  kidnapped  and  very  probably  murdered  by 


CuAr.  XVIII.]       ACCEPTING  THE  NOMINATION. 


307 


masons,  for  divulging  their  secrets,  but  I  supposed  it  to  be  the  act  of 
a  few  ignorant  and  ferocious  desperadoes,  moved  by  tlieir  own  impulse 
singly,  without  the  sanction  or  knowledge  of  their  lodges;  and,  thus 
thinking,  I  have  repeatedly  and  continually,  both  in  conversation  and 
letters  of  friendship,  spoken  of  Masonry  and  Anti-Masonry.,  as  a  fitter 
subject  for  farce  than  tragedy,  and  have  been  grieved  at  seeing  some 
of  my  friends  involved  in  what  appeared  to  me  such  a  wild  and  bitter 
and  unjust  persecution  against  so  harmless  an  institution  as  Free- 
Masonry.  I  have  thought,  and  repeatedly  said,  that  I  considered 
Masonry  as  leaving  no  more  to  do  with  politics  than  any  one  of  the 
numerous  clubs  so  humorously  celebrated  in  The  Spectator  ;  and  that 
with  regard  to  the  crime  in  Morgan's  case,  it  was  quite  as  unjust  to 
charge  that  on  Masonry  as  it  would  be  to  charge  the  private  delin- 
quencies of  some  professing  Christians  on  Christianity  itself.  Thus 
I  have  thought,  and  thus  1  have  continually  spoken  and  written  in 
my  private  letters  to  several  of  my  friends.  It  was  not  until  the 
period  of  your  assembling  here,  that  on  the  occasion  of  a  friendly 
visit  from  one  of  your  members,  and  my  taking  the  liberty  to  rally 
him  on  the  excessive  zeal  which  had  been  excited  on  an  occasion  so 
inadequate,  he  placed  before  me  a  detail  of  some  of  the  proceedings 
on  the  trials  of  the  conspirators  against  Morgan :  when,  for  the  first 
time,  I  saw  the  Masonic  oaths  as  established  by  the  testimony  both 
of  adhering  and  seceding  masons  on  the  trials  in  New  York.  I  ob- 
served that  in  one  of  them  (called  the  Koyal  Arch)  the  candidate 
swears,  among  other  things,  that  he  will  aid  and  assist  a  companion 
Royal  Arch  IMason  in  distress,  and  espouse  his  cause  so  far  as  to  extri- 
cate him  from  the  same,  if  in  his  power,  whether  he  he  right  or  wrong, 
and  that  he  will  conceal  the  secrets  of  a  companion  lloyal  Arch  31a- 
son  given  him  in  charge  as  such,  murder  and  treason  not  excepted  ; 
and  in  other  oaths,  in  still  higher  degrees,  I  also  observe  that  the  can- 
didate binds  himself  to  avenge  the  violated  secrets  of  the  lodge  by 
the  infliction  of  death  on  the  oifeuder,  and  to  revenge  the  wrongs  of 
a  brother  to  the  utmost  extremity ;  and  the  whole  mixed  up  with  the 
most  horrible  imprecations  and  blasphemous  mockeries  of  the  rites 
and  tenets  of  the  Christian  religion. 

"  In  the  details  of  the  trials  in  the  case  of  Morgan  it  became  mani- 
fest that  these  oaths  are  not  considered  by  those  who  impose  and  take 
them  as  mere  idle  and  unmeaning  words ;  but  that  they  are  viewed  as 
solemn  obligations  which  are  to  be  practically  enforced,  and  which  in 
the  case  of  3Iorgan,  there  is  too  much  reason  to  believe,  were  tragi- 
cally enforced.  According  to  the  reports  of  the  details  of  that  trial, 
as  given  at  some  of  your  former  meetings,  and  given  at  greater  length 
at  your  meetings  in  this  city,  (at  one  of  which,  in  common  with  other 
citizens,  I  was  present,)  those  oaths  are  understood  literally,  and 
literally  enforced ;  and,  according  to  the  exhibition  of  the  evidence 
made  in  those  reports,  the  conspiracy  against  Morgan  was  not,  as  has 


308 


LETTER  TO  THE  CONVENTION, 


[1831. 


been  commonly  supposed,  tbc  act  of  a  few  ignorant  men  alone ;  but 
engendered  in  lodges  themselves,  enforced  under  their  direction^  and 
supported  at  their  expense  ;  tbe  conspiracy  embracing  witbin  its  sweep, 
men  of  all  degrees, — men  of  "tbe  learned  professions,  farmers  and 
mecbauics ;  witb  too  mucb  reason  to  believe  tbat  tbe  secret  energy  of 
tbe  ]\Iasouic  spirit  bad  entered  and  polluted  even  tbe  temples  of 
Justice ;  and  witb  tbe  most  demonstrative  proof  tbat  tbe  persons  wbo 
bad  entertained  tbese  unballowed  oatbs,  considered  tbeir  allegiance  to 
tbe  lodges  as  of  bigber  obligation  tban  tbeir  allegiance  to  tbeir  country. 
If  this  be  Masonry,  as  according  to  tbis  uncontradietcj^i  evidence  it 
seems  to  be,  I  bave  no  besitation  in  saying,  tbat  I  consider  it  at  war 


with  tbe  fundamental  principles  of  tbe  social  compact,  as  treason 
against  society,  and  a  wicked  conspiracy  against  tbe  laws  of  God  and 
man,  wbicb  ougbt  to  be  put  down. 

"  But  gentlemen,  tbis  was  not  and  could  not  be  IMasonry  as  under- 
stood by  Wasbington.  Tbe  tbing  is  impossible.  Tbe  suspicion  would 
be  parricide.  Nor  can  I  believe  that  in  tbe  quarter  of  tbe  Union 
witb  wbicb  I  am  best  acquainted,  intelligent  men  of  bigb  and  honour- 
able character,  if  they  have  been  drawn  in  to  take  tbese  shocking  and 
impious  oaths,  can  consider  them  as  paramount  to  their  duties  to  their 
God  and  tbeir  country.  It  is  true  that  after  the  practical  exhibition 
of  ]Masonry  which  we  bave  had  in  New  York,  no  man  of  common 
prudence  can  sleep  over  tbese  discoveries,  and  will  take  care  in  every 
case  of  doubt  to  enquire.  But  both  justice  and  prudence  demand  dis- 
crimination ;  for  the  powers  of  a  President  ougbt  not,  in  my  opinion, 
to  be  prostituted  to  tbe  purpose  of  a  blind  and  unjust  prosci'iption, 
involving  innocence  and  honour  witb  guilt  and  treason ;  and  no  man 
is  worthy  of  a  nomination  to  tbis  bigb  office,  in  whose  judgment  and 
patriotism  confidence  cannot  be  placed  to  make  tbe  proper  distinction 
between  them.  In  tbe  \aew  of  all  honourable  men  be  would  de- 
servedly become  an  object  of  disgust,  if  be  could  stoop  to  commit 
himself  by  any  pledges,  in  a  case  like  this,  as  the  price  of  bis 
nomination. 

"  If,  witb  tbese  views  of  my  opinions,  it  is  the  pleasure  of  your 
Convention  to  change  the  nomination,  I  can  assure  you  very  sincerely 
that  I  shall  retire  from  it  witb  fiir  more  pleasure  tban  I  should  accept 
it.  If,  on  the  contrary,  it  be  their  choice  to  abide  by  it,  I  bave  only 
to  add,  that,  in  a  government  like  ours,  I  consider  no  citizen  at  liberty 
to  reject  such  a  nomination  by  so  respectable  a  body,  upon  personal 
considerations. 

"  Be  the  final  determination  of  your  Convention  what  it  may,  I 
shall  ever  retain  a  grateful  sense  of  tbe  honour  conferred  on  me  by 
this  nomination,  and  I  beg  the  Anti-Masonic  Convention  to  accept  the 
assurance  of  my  respect  for  them  and  tbeir  cause.  I  do  not  address 
them  as  a  party,  because  I  understand  the  principle  of  tbeir  union  to 


Chap.  XVIII.]       ACCEPTING  THE  NOMINATION. 


809 


be  to  assert  tbe  supremacy  of  the  laws ;  which  I  trust  is  and  ever  will 
be  the  sacred  and  immutable  principle  of  our  common  country. 

Wm.  Wirt." 

This  letter  was  received  with  entire  approbation  by  the  Convention, 
and  a  resolution  was  therefore  adopted,  recommending  "  to  their  fellow- 
citizens  throughout  the  United  States,  a  cordial  and  vigorous  support 
of  Mr.  Wirt  at  the  next  election,  as  the  Anti-Masonic  candidate  for 
the  office  of  President  of  the  United  States." 

In  the  extracts  from  the  letters  which  will  be  seen  in  the  folio  win  «■ 
pages,  we  have  some  insight  into  the  feelings  which  this  political 
movement  excited  in  the  mind  of  him  who  was  thus  brousht  into  this 
conspicuous  position. 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 


"  My  dear  Friend  : 


Baltijiore,  September  30,  1831. 


"  I  send  you  a  printed  paper  by  which  you  will  see  that  I  have  been 
di'awn  into  a  political  scrape,  which  has  taken  me  as  much  by  surprise 
as  if  a  thunderbolt  had  dropped  at  my  feet  in  a  clear  day.  It  came 
upon  me  so  suddenly,  that  I  had  no  time  to  consult  you  and  Cabell, 
nor,  indeed,  even  a  friend  in  this  city.  For  the  nomination  was  handed 
to  me  about  one  o'clock  day  before  3'esterday ; — and  it  was  intimated 
to  me,  that  it  would  be  a  great  accommodation  to  them  if  they  could 
receive  my  answer  by  four  or  five  o'clock  that  evening.  I  had,  there- 
fore, to  place  my  daughter  C.  by  my  side,  and  write  as  hard  as  I  could 
gallop,  she  copying  after  me.  I  was  aware,  an  evening  or  two  before, 
that  such  a  thing  was  in  agitation,  and  might  possibly  take  jilace.  I 
surveyed  the  ground,  therefore,  as  rapidly  and  strongly  as  I  could, 
with  as  firm  a  deteruiiiiation  to  do  my  duty  as  I  could  command,  con- 
sidering the  constitutional  repugnance  I  have  always  felt  to  such  a 
mel^.  I  am  afraid  you  may  think  I  have  acted  imprudentl}' ;  but  I 
know  you  will  not  think  that  I  have  acted  con.sciously  wrong.  I  have 
kept  aloof  all  my  life,  from  such  affairs,  and  would  have  blessed  my 
stars  if  I  could  have  been  let  alone  now.  But  the  members  of  the  Con- 
vention, who  were  gentlemen  of  the  first  respectability,  urged  upon 
me  their  right  to  put  me  in  nomination,  and  to  command  the  services 
of  any  citizen,  and  told  me  that,  as  a  patriot,  I  could  not  refuse ;  that 
they  could  not  support  IMr.  Clay;  and  that  with  the  Anti-Masonic 
strength,  now  five  hundred  thousand  votes  and  increasing,  they  believed 
they  would  be  able  to  carry  the  election  of  their  candidate — if  not  now, 
certainl}'  at  the  next  election ;  that,  if  my  reluctance  arose  from  any  hope 
of  the  possibility  of  Mr.  Clay's  election — that  was  im^wssible;  his 
friends  must  know  he  could  not  unite  the  opposition  to  General  Jackson. 


310 


THE  NOMINATION. 


1831, 


******* 

"  I  have  counted  the  cost.  I  desire  only  that  my  friends  should 
understand  this  matter,  and  should  not  condemn  me.  I  wished  the 
election  of  Mr.  Clay.  My  preference  was  declared  both  publicly  and 
privately. 

******* 

"  With  regard  to  the  chance  of  my  striking  the  people  of  the  United 
States,  at  large,  as  a  proper  person  for  the  office,  it  is  a  question  of 
which  I  have  great  doubts.  They  do  not  know  me,  and  will  not  be 
apt  to  feel  much  interest  for  so  entire  a  stranger.  For,  if  they  did 
know  me,  do  /  know  it  would  make  the  matter  better. 


"  The  nomination  is  so  unexpected  to  the  whole  community,  that  I 
am  sure  it  will  produce  a  strong  sensation  at  first,  both  adverse  and 
propitious,  as  it  encounters  different  elements.  I  shall  make  enemies 
of  many  who  have  been  friendly  or  neutral,  shall  be  ridiculed  as 
presumptuous,  charged  with  having  deserted  my  party,  or  having 
attempted  to  place  mj^self  at  its  head  by  a  stolen  march.  I  shall  be 
laughed  at,  abused,  slandered.  For  all  these  things  I  have  a  remedy 
in  the  peace  of  my  own  conscience,  and,  I  believe,  in  the  approval  of 
my  God.  It  is  a  perfectly  new  move  on  the  chess-board  to  intriguing 
politicians  of  all  parties,  and  must  perplex  them  at  first.  In  such  a 
matter,  people  cannot  be  perplexed  without  exasperation.  It  is  no 
move  of  mine,  however, — so  that  if  it  be  deep  and  puzzling,  the  credit 
is  not  with  me.  I  believe  it  to  be  perfectly  simple  and  honest.  If  I 
did  not  believe  it  so,  I  certainly  would  have  nothing  to  do  with  it. 
I  have  been,  and  still  am,  friendly  to  ]Mr.  Clay,  but  '  amicus  Plato, 
magis  arnica  Pnlria.'  I  have  done  what  I  think  right,  and,  so  think- 
ing, it  is  right  to  me.  Nor  shall  I  be  drawn  in,  "Dco  adjuvanle,  to 
any  thing,  in  the  farther  progress  of  the  contest,  for  which  you,  my 
virtuous  and  beloved  friend,  shall  blush.  The  character  which  I  have 
gained  is  too  dear  to  me  to  be  sold  for  earthly  honours ;  and  I  trust 
I  have  a  higher  view,  the  approval  of  a  God  of  infinite  purity  and 
holiness,  to  whom,  I  know,  I  am  to  account — perhaps  before  this  con- 
test be  settled. 

"  The  disappointment  of  those  who  have  nominated  me  would  be 
my  gain,  so  fur  as  peace  and  quiet  are  concerned.  I  shall  be  as  calm 
as  I  can,  and  take  the  lashes  as  patiently  as  Hudibras'  horse." 

The  following,  from  a  letter  addressed  to  a  warm  personal  and  poli- 
tical friend,  affords  some  additional  facts  connected  with  the  nomina- 
tion. The  extract  which  is  here  given,  it  is  proper  to  premise,  forms 
part  of  a  narrative  of  the  particulars  of -a  private  interview  between 
Mr.  Wirt  and  one  of  the  leading  members  of  the  Convention.     In 


Chap.  XVIII.]  LETTER  TO  MR.  CHASE.  311 

this  interview  lie  endeavoured  to  turn  the  attention  of  the  Convention 
to  jMr.  Clay,  hojjing  that  they  might  be  induced  to  nominate  him 
From  this  point  the  narrative  proceeds  : 

TO   SALMON   P.   CHASE. 

Baltimore,  November  11,  1831. 

T*  *!*  1*  'r  'K  T*  ^ 

"  Considering  the  strength  of  their  party  (the  Anti-Masons),  and 
the  rapidity  -with  which  it  was  increasing,  I  saw  at  once  that  unless 
we  could  secure  their  nomination  for  Mr.  Clay,  we  could  not  elect 
him. 

"  Mr.  Clay  was  the  choice  of  my  district,  and  I  had  been  deputed 
by  it  as  a  delegate  to  the  National  llepublicau  Convention,  whose  ob- 
ject I  understood  to  be  to  confer  on  the  selection  of  a  suitable  can- 
didate, giving  the  preference  to  Mr.  Clay,  if  found  that  he  would  be 
strong  enough  to  displace  General  Jackson ;  and  if  not,  to  prefer  any 
one  else  who  could  secure  to  us  that  result.  I,  therefore,  lost  no  time 
in  sounding  this  gentleman  with  regard  to  Mr.  Clay.  He  said  that 
he  believed  the  Convention  would  have  nominated  Mr.  Clay,  if  he 
had  responded  to  a  call  which  had  been  made  upon  him  on  the  sub- 
ject of  jMasonry,  and  had  come  out,  on  that  subject,  as  Mr.  Rush  had 
come  out.  I  asked  him,  how  it  would  be  possible  for  Mr.  Clay, 
situated  as  he  was  before  the  public,  to  come  out  in  such  a  way,  with- 
out subjecting  himself  to  the  most  invidious  constructions  ?  I  added, 
that  he  would  be  charged  with  having  renounced  his  Masonic  frater- 
nit}^,  for  the  sordid  purpose  of  buying  up  their  nomination ;  that  he 
would  di.sgust,  by  such  a  course,  every  virtuous  man  in  the  commu- 
nity ;  and  that  his  enemies  would  not  fail  to  revive  against  him  the 
old  cry  of  bargain  and  corruption,  under  which  he  had  already  suf- 
fered so  much  and  so  unjustly. 

*  *  *  *  *  * 

"  Having  broken  the  subject,  I  pressed  Mr.  Clay  upon  him,  by 
every  topic  of  persuasion  and  argument  that  my  ingenuity  could  sug- 
gest, and  with  all  the  ardour  and  even  enthusiasm  any  of  the  most 
devoted  friends  of  3Ir.  Clay  could  have  employed.  I  continued  to 
press  him,  until  he  told  me,  with  a  smile,  that  it  was  perfectly  in  vain 
to  talk  of  3Ir.  Clay. 

****** 

"  He  said  I  knew  nothing  of  the  principles  of  Anti-Masonry ;  and, 
as  soon  as  I  did,  I  would  .see,  at  once,  the  utter  impos.>^ibility  of  bring- 
ing the  Anti-3Iasons  to  think  even  of  iMr.  Clay.  That  in  Pennsyl- 
vania, many  of  them,  and,  perhaps,  the  major  part,  were  originally 
and  still  Jackson  men,  and,  Anti-Masonry  out  of  the  way,  would 


312 


THE  NOMINATION. 


[1831. 


return  to  Jackson.  That  it  was  absurd  to  think  these  men  -n-ould  leave 
Jackson  because  he  was  a  Eoyal  Arch,  and  unite  on  Mr.  Clay  who 
was  a  High  Priest. 


* 


* 


* 


"  Mr.  Clay,  then,  out  of  the  way,  I  was  most  anxious  that  the  Anti- 
JMasonic  nomination  should  have  lighted  on  3Ir.  McLean,  and  laboured 

the  point  not  only  with  P but  also  with  other  members  of  that 

body  who  came  to  visit  me.  Mr.  McLean's  refusal  of  the  nomination 
had  not  then  been  received.  It  came,  however,  in  time  to  operate,  I 
have  no  doubt,  materially  upon  their  ultimate  decision. 

"  When  S first  hinted  to  me  that  they  were  thinking  of  me, 

I  begged  him,  with  a  sincerity  of  which  Godis  the  best  judge,  not  to 
think  of  it :  assured  him  that  I  had  no  desire  foi-  the  ofiice ;  that  my 
ambition  did  not  lie  in  this  direction ;  —  that  I  was  happy  in  my 
family,  prosperous  in  my  profession,  contented  with  my  situation ;  that 
I  did  not  know  how  to  electioneer,  had  no  taste  for  the  business, — 
on  the  contrary,  despised  it.  That  if  they  wished  to  succeed  they 
should  look  to  some  one  who  could  bring  them  an  accession  of 
strength.  That  Judge  jMcLean  could  do  this, — I  could  not.  When, 
in  spite  of  all  my  cfibrts  for  others  and  all  my  remonstrances  against 
my  own  nomination,  they  insisted  on  their  right  to  nominate  whom 
they  pleased,  and  appealed  to  me,  as  a  patriot,  to  accept  the  nomina- 
tion— what  was  I  to  do  ? 


* 


* 


* 


*  *  * 

''The  Convention  was  one  of  the  most  respectable  assemblies  I 
have  ever  seen,  either  in  a  legislative  or  any  other  character.  The 
Chief  Justice  of  the  United  States  (Marshall)  and  several  other  gen- 
tlemen, myself  among  them,  were  invited  to  attend  a  reading  of  some 
of  their  reports ;  and  never  have  I  witnessed  the  display  of  more  talent 
and  dignity  on  any  occasion. 

****** 

"■  You  have  now  the  whole  case  before  you,  and  I  thought  it  due 
to  the  friendship  you  have  always  professed  forme,  to  state  "it  at  large. 
I  will  not  embarrass  you  with  the  question,  whether  you  approve  my 
course  or  not.  It  is  enough  for  me,  that  my  own  conscience  approves 
it,  and  that  I  do  not  believe  it  is  condemned  in  Heaven. 

******  ;f: 

"  I  am  perfectly  aware,  with  you,  that  I  have  none  of  the  capti- 
vating arts  and  manners  of  professional  seekers  of  popularity.  I  do 
not  desire  them.  I  shall  not  change  my  manners ;  they  are  a  part 
of  my  nature. — If  the  people  choose  to  take  me  as  I  am — well.  If 
not,  they  will  only  leave  me  where  I  have  always  preferred  to  be,  en- 
joying the  independence  of  private  life.  They  may  make  some  rents 
in  my  garments  in  the  meantime,  but  they  will  make  none,  I  hope,  in 
my  peace  of  mind." 


Chap.  XVIII.]  THE  NOMINATION.  31 


Q 


This  is  certainly  not  tlio  letter  of  a  politician.  All  who  knew  Mr. 
Wirt  will  readily  believe  that  every  sentiment,  uttered  in  this  extract, 
came  from  the  bottom  of  his  heart,  and  breathed  nothing  but  truth. 
It  will  be  regarded  as  a  singular  passage  in  the  life  of  a  public  man ; 
and  although  it  shows  one  all  unpractised  in  the  tactics  of  political 
ambition,  it  cannot  but  inspire  a  deep  regret  that  a  man  of  such  a 
mould  should  not  have  been  advanced  to  that  eminent  station  from 
which  his  virtues  would  have  become  illustrious  examples,  and  his 
deportment  a  study  for  the  imitation  of  his  fellow-citizens. 

There  were  many  persons  in  the  country,  and  particularly  in  that 
section  where  Mr.  Wirt  was  best  known,  who,  having  no  connection 
with  the  party  or  the  question  which  brought  him  before  the  public, 
were  yet  eagerly  anxious  for  his  success  in  the  election.  Regarding 
him  as  a  pure  and  safe  guide,  a  truthful  man,  a  sincere  lover  of  his 
country,  and  as  gifted  with  the  highest  endowments  both  of  mind  and 
soul,  they  would  have  rejoiced  to  see  him  invested  with  the  honours 
and  command  of  the  Chief  Magistracy.  By  all  this  class  of  persons 
it  was  hoped,  that  when  the  Convention  of  December  should  meet, 
they  would  iind  it  expedient  to  adopt  Mr.  Wirt  as  their  candidate, 
and  thus  secure  a  union  with  that  Anti-Masonic  party,  whose  secession 
from  their  former  political  friends  had  almost  fatally  impaired  the 
strength  of  the  main  body  of  those  who  were  now  to  confront  the 
popularity  of  General  Jackson.  It  was  sufficiently  apparent  to  every 
observer,  whose  mind  was  not  heated  by  the  topical  enthusiasm  of 
Anti-Masonry,  that  that  party,  in  its  insulated  position,  had  only 
strength  enough  to  defeat  the  opposition  to  the  administration,  without 
being  able  to  succeed  itself.  It  could  mar,  but  it  could  not  make.  It 
seemed  to  be  almost  equally  clear,  that  the  party  to  be  represented  in 
the  December  Convention,  thus  shorn  of  a  portion  of  its  force,  could 
hope  for  success  only  upon  the  basis  of  a  coincidence  in  the  nomina- 
tion with  the  Anti-Masons.  Mr.  Wirt  was  a  centre  upon  which  this 
combination  might  have  been  made.  His  principles  had  already 
satisfied  the  Anti-^Iasons,  and  the  Convention  of  December  could 
have  found  nothing  to  object  to  his  political  relations  with  them. 
Upon  these  grounds,  many  desired  to  see  him  adopted  by  the  second 
Convention.  There  were  others  who  thought  that  he  would,  eventu- 
ally, resign  his  nomination  in  favour  of  the  candidate  of  the  December 

Vol.  IT.— 27 


314 


LETTER  TO   CARR. 


[183]. 


Convention ;  believing  that  his  influence  would  carry  the  Anti-Masons 
to  the  support  of  that  nomination.  It  is  very  obvious  that  such  a 
move,  on  his  part,  would  have  been  fruitless ;  that  it  would  have  only 
offended  the  one  party  without  adding  strength  to  the  other;  in  fact, 
that  it  would  have  exasperated  many  persons  against  both. 

As  December  approached,  all  doubts  upon  the  coui-se  which  was 
finally  to  be  taken,  were  dispelled.  Before  the  Convention  met,  it 
was  well  known  that  Mr.  Clay  was  to  be  the  candidate ;  and  almost 
as  generally  surmised  that  both  Conventions  were  to  be  defeated  in 
the  election. 

In  this  state  of  affairs  we  have  another  letter. 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Baltimore,  December  5,  1831. 
My  DEAR  Friend  : 

****** 

''There  seems  to  be  no  doubt  of  Mr.  Clay's  nomination  by  the 
Convention  here  next  Wednesday.     So  be  it.     In  a  personal  point 

of  view,  I  shall  feel  that  I  have  made  a  lucky  escape. 1  told  the 

Anti-Masons  that  they  had  rung  the  knell  of  my  departed  peace.  I 
am  relieved  by  seeing  that  I  am  likely  to  be  reprieved.  It  is  sup- 
posed, I  have  no  doubt,  that  I  shall  be  mortified  by  the  rejection. 
How  little  do  they  know  of  me  !  A  culprit  pardoned  at  the  gallows 
could  not  be  more  light-hearted.  The  simile,  to  be  sure,  is  not  alto- 
gether to  my  mind,  any  more  than  Corporal  Trim's  was  to  Uncle 
Toby's;  but  there  is  no  small  resemblance  in  the  buojancy  of  the 
feeling.  As  to  the  abuse  I  am  to  expect  for  having  permitted  my 
name  to  be  oifered,  I  do  not  expect  much :  but  if  it  comes,  let  it 
come !  My  happiness  does  not  depend  either  on  the  censure  or 
applause  of  the  vulgar.  No  man,  whose  good  opinion  is  worth  a  wish, 
shall  doubt  the  purity  or  disinterestedness  of  my  motives. 

"  It  has  boon  suggested  to  me  by  a  clergyman,  that  the  Presby- 
terians are  thinking  of  coming  to  my  aid.  I  belong  to  their  church. 
They  are  said  to  number  a  hundred  and  twenty  thousand  votes.  My 
advice  to  them  is,  to  stick  to  their  religion,  and  not  to  sully  it  by 
mixing  in  political  strife.  They  will  make  more  hypocrites  than 
Christians  by  such  a  course.  This  is  bad  advice  as  a  politician,  but 
sound  as  a  Christian.  When  I  say  bad  advice  as  a  politician,  I  mean 
with  regard  to  the  particular  occasion  and  the  success  of  my  election ; 
for  it  is  throwing  away  so  much  support  which,  I  believe,  my  wish 
would  command  But  on  high  political  ground  it  is  also  sound ;  for 
the  church  and  state  should  be  kejit  separate,  and  religion  should  not 
be  made  a  test  for  political  service.     As  a  Christian,  I  would  wish  to 


Chap.  XVIII.]  IIIS  DESIRE  TO  WITHDRAW.  315 

see  the  President  a  Christian ;  for  his  example  might  do  much  good. 
But  it  would  not  do  to  make  it  a  sine  qua  mm  in  such  an  office.  If 
otherwise  honest  and  of  superior  capacity,  that  should  be  enough. 

"  Mr.  Chase  writes  from  Ohio,  that  the  delegates  to  the  Convention 
from  that  State  will  come  prepared  to  support  me.  So  AVhite  of 
Florida,  thinks  of  some  of  them  from  Virginia — and  Judge  Spencer 
of  some  of  them  from  New  York.  But  I  have  not  the  slightest  con- 
fidence in  these  things. 

****** 

"  I  tell  you,  mediocrity  is  the  place  for  happiness  at  last  —  the 
aurea  mediocritas.  Give  me  the  unpretending  cottage  in  the  vale, 
rather  than  the  castle  on  the  mountain.  Oh,  had  I — not  '  a  cave  on 
some  far-distant  shore' — but  my  plantation  in  Florida  well  stocked 
and  settled,  with  a  good  house,  my  wife  and  children  and  a  few  friends 
around  me,  how  happy  would  I  be  '  to  daff  the  world  aside  !'  But  I 
am  talking  as  if  I  were  yet  a  youth,  instead  of  standing,  as  I  do,  on 
the  brink  of  eternity.  '  Are  we  not  here  to-day,  —  and  gone  —  to- 
morrow ?' 

"  I  have  just  read  the  President's  Message.  It  is  supposed  to  be 
from  Livingston's  pen.  He  writes  well,  and  it  is  a  well-concocted 
dish.  If  the  Grovernment  was  to  be  administered  by  messages,  we 
should  do  well  enough.  But  saying  and  doing  are  two  things.  These 
messages  have  become  mere  popularity- traps.  What  a  varnish  have 
we  here  of  a  sepulchre  full  of  corruption !  Nothing  was  ever  more 
unlike  than  the  picture  and  the  reality  —  the  outside  and  the  inside. 
How  is  the  treatment  of  the  poor  Indians  white-washed !  And  the 
paragraph  relative  to  the  amendment  of  the  Constitution  for  the  re- 
striction of  the  Presidency  to  a  single  term,  and  the  non-appointment 
of  members  of  Congress  to  office — was  ever  anything  more  incon- 
gruous with  the  practice  !  The  President  acts  as  if  he  supposed  the 
Constitution  enjoined  a  double  term  and  the  appointment  of  members, 
and  as  if  he  required  a  constitutional  prohihili.on  to  prevent  him  from 
doing  what  he  declares  to  be  wrong  in  principle.  The  Constitution 
leaves  him  free  to  practise  upon  his  own  principles, — why  does  he  not 
do  it,  if  he  deems  them  so  sacred  and  vital  to  the  public  purity  and 
happiness?  —  But  we  are  to  be  blessed  with  his  fair  words  and  foul 
weather  for  another  term.' 


CHAPTEE  XIX. 


1832. 


HIS  ILLNESS.  —  HIS   DESIRE   TO  WITHDRAW  FROM   THE   PRESIDEN- 
TIAL CANVASS. LETTER   TO   JUDGE  CARR  ON  THIS  SUBJECT. 

TRIAL  OF  THE  CHEROKEE  MISSIONARIES,  WORCESTER  AND  BUT- 
LER.   THEIR  APPEAL  TO  THE  SUPREME  COURT.  —  DECISION  IN 

THEIR  FAVOUR. COURSE  OF  GEORGIA  ON  THE  SUBJECT. — FAMI- 
LIAR LETTERS. THE   CHOLERA. LETTERS  TO  JUDGE  CARR. 

LETTER  TO  LOMAX,  EXPLAINING  MR.  WIRT's  MOTIVES  IN  AC- 
CEPTING THE  NOMINATION. THE  ELECTION. MR.  WIRT  DE- 
FEATED.—  DIFFICULTIES  OF  HIS  POSITION  IN  THE  CONTEST. 

A  VERY  severe  illness,  during  which,  for  a  time,  his  life  was  thought 
to  be  in  peril,  had  confined  Mr.  Wirt,  for  some  weeks,  at  the  close  of 
the  last  year  and  the  beginning  of  the  present,  to  his  bed.  It  was  au 
attack  of  influenza,  produced  by  cold.  His  constitution  had  become 
visibly  impaired,  of  late  years,  by  the  frequent  access  of  disease,  in- 
duced often  by  his  rigorous  application  to  his  professional  duties.  His 
recent  sickness,  at  this  period,  it  will  be  seen,  did  not  wholly  divert 
his  mind  from  the  solicitude  produced  by  the  late  nomination.  The 
determination  to  hazard  the  fortunes  of  the  election  upon  Mr.  Clay, 
with  the  irreconcilable  division  of  the  Anti-Masonic  party  in  the  field, 
he  regarded  as  decisive  of  the  result.  His  strong  wish,  therefore,  in 
this  condition  of  afiairs,  was  to  retire  from  the  contest.  The  only 
impediment  that  stood  in  the  way  of  this  piu-pose  was  the  difiiculty 
of  obtaining  the  consent  of  the  Auti-]Masonic  party  to  the  act.  We 
shall  find  this  subject  adverted  to  and  discussed  in  more  than  one  of 
the  letters  which  I  have  selected  for  this  chapter. 


TO  JUDGE  CARR. 

Baltimore,  January  12,  1832. 
My  dear  Friexd  : 

Be  it  known  to  you  and  all  whom  it  may  concern,  that  on  this  day, 
being  the  first  day  of  the  fifth  week  since  I  was  taken  sick,  I  put  on, 

(316) 


Chap.  XIX.]  LETTER  TO  CARR.  317 

for  the  first  time,  my  pantaloons  and  waistcoat,  with  my  now  crimson, 
embroidered  wrapper  from  Paris,  said  to  be  lined  with  eider  down, — 
and  which  looks  so  regally  purplish  and  crimsonish,  that  I  call  it  my 
Tyrian,  Sidouian  and  Phoenician  wrapper,  —  and  supported  only  on 
my  cane,  left  my  bed-chamber,  mea  sponle,  and  sallied  up  to  the  room 

above  me,  to  see  my  dear  C and  E ,  who  are  both  sick  in 

bed,  the  former  with  a  sore  throat,  which  I  hope  is  getting  well,  and 
the  latter,  of  the  same  debility  which,  you  may  remember,  made  her 
so  shadowy  at  the  Springs  last  summer.  My  wife  was  up  there  with 
them  at  the  time,  and  started,  on  opening  the  door  to  my  rap,  as  if 
she  had  seen  a  ghost.  The  girls  were  greatly  amused  at  the  various 
antics  I  cut  for  their  entertainment. 

And  now,  having  made  my  boast,  I  thank  you,  my  beloved  friend, 
in  the  first  place,  for  your  very  interesting  letter  enclosing  a  copy  of 

your's  to  Mr.  W .         *         *         j  cannot  tell  you  how  much  I 

am  amused  at  the  simplicity  and  single-heartedness  of  your  proposal 
to  the  Anti-Masons  to  go  over  to  Clay.  I  do  most  devoutly  wish  they 
would  do  it ;  —  but  there  is  no  more  chance  for  Clay  with  the  Anti- 
Masons  "  than  for  the  Pope  of  Home," — as  poor  old  J used  to 

say.     I  should  like  to  see  W 's  answer  to  your  letter ;  —  for  it 

may  give  me  a  clue,  I  am  puzzled  to  find,  —  that  is,  how  to  find  my 
way  out  of  the  labyrinth  of  this  nomination,  with  honour  to  myself 

and  without  any  offence  to  the  Anti-Masons.     W called  to  see 

me  on  his  way  through  Baltimore,  and  I  expressed  to  him  a  wish  that 
it  were  possible  for  the  members  of  Congi-ess,  representing  the  vaiious 
interests  in  the  opposition,  to  unite  on  some  one  candidate  and  give 
him  the  whole  vote  of  the  opposition.  I  told  him  I  wished  the  Anti- 
Masons  to  understand  that  I  had  no  desire  for  the  office  of  President 
— that  my  paramount  wish  was  to  see  the  government  rescued  out  of 
the  hands  that  now  held  the  reins ;  and  I  begged  that,  in  endeavour- 
ing to  fix  on  a  candidate,  they  would  consider  me  and  the  nomination 
I   had  received,  as  entirely  out  of  the  question.     "  That  is,"  said 

G ,  who  was  present,  "  that  you  wish  the  Anti-Masons  to  consider 

you  as  entirely  in  their  hands,  to  dispose  of  you  as  they  please,"  to 

which  I  assented,  though,  in  truth,  I  wished  W to  understand 

something  more  by  what  I  said,  to  wit :  —  that,  perceiving  the  object 
I  had  in  view  in  accepting  the  nomination  (that  of  uniting  the  whole 
opposition,)  not  likely  to  be  accomplished,  I  should  be  personally  re- 
lieved in  being  withdrawn.     The  only  answer  I  recollect  W to 

have  made  was,  that  if  the  Anti-Masonic  party  was  dissolved,  there 
were  not  Clay-men  enough  among  them  to  touch  New  York  nor  Penn- 
sylvania, nor  consequently  to  elect  Mr.  Clay.  —  From  which  it  was 
manifest  that  he  considered  it  impossible  for  the  Anti-Masonic  party 
to  support  3Ir.  Clay,  and  that  nothing  less  than  their  dissolution 
could  carry  any  of  their  members  to  him,  and  these  only  the  Clay 
members. 

27* 


318 


ANTI-MASONRY. 


[1S32. 


* 


* 


Clay's  friends,  I  am  told,  have  a  project  of  dissolving  the  Masonic 
Lodges  in  the  spring,  and  thus  putting  an  end  to  Anti-Masonry,  by 
destroying  its  antagonist.  But  the  same  consequence  would  follow, 
• — that  is,  the  Jackson  men,  now  among  the  Anti-Masons,  would  re- 
lapse upon  Jackson,  not  upon  Clay,  and  thus  render  the  election  of 
the  latter  hopeless.  How  can  Pleasants  suppose,  that  if  I  renounce 
(as  he  calls  it)  the  Anti-Masonic  nomination,  the  Anti-Masons  will 
all  go  in  a  body  for  Clay  ?  It  proves  how  extremely  unobservant  he 
has  been,  and  consequently  how  ignorant  he  is  of  the  rise  and  pro- 
gress of  the  Anti-Masonic  party.  He  seems  to  suppose  that  my  nom- 
ination holds  them  together  and  in  opposition  to  Mr.  Clay,  They 
rose  upon  their  principle  without  any  leader,  and  by  their  principle 
alone  have  attained  their  present  formidable  size,  without  the  support 
or  assistance  of  any  individual  name.  I  am  persuaded  that  my  name 
has  tended  rather  to  retard  than  to  increase  their  progress.  The  party 
not  having  been  formed  upon  my  name,  my  withdrawal  or  death  would 
produce  no  more  effect  upon  them  than  the  fall  of  a  single  leaf  in 
October.  They  would  still  exist  in  all  their  integrity  upon  their  prin- 
ciple, and  that  principle,  of  itself,  places  them  in  opposition  to  Mr. 
Clay  !  It  would  be  quite  as  sensible  and  just  to  accuse  me  of  having 
originated  the  party.  There  is  not  a  party  in  the  United  States  which 
is  so  purely  a  party  of  principle,  in  contradistinction  to  a  party  of  men, 
as  the  Anti-Masonic  party,  *  *         And  it  is  for  this  reason 

that  I  think  they  might  safely  withdraw  their  candidate  for  the  Pre- 
sidency, and  rest  the  influence  and  increase  of  their  party  on  their 
local  elections. 

I  cannot  conceive  a  rational  or  patriotic  motive  they  can  have  for 
continuing  me  in  the  field.  They  cannot  say  that  withdrawing  me 
would  dissolve  or  even  weaken  their  party,  for  this  would  be  admitting 
it  to  be  so  far  a  party  for  a  man,  and  having  no  vital  and  conservative 
principle  in  itself; — which  is,  certainly  not  the  fact.  It  existed  in 
full  vigour  when  it  had  no  presidential  hoop  around  it,  and  showed 
its  power  in  the  local  elections.  Why  can  it  not  do  the  same  again  ? 
And  if  it  can,  what  utility  is  there  in  keeping  a  presidential  candidate 
in  the  field  ?  What  legitimate  purpose  of  patriotism  is  answered  by 
it? 

The  only  sensible  or  reasonable  purpose  of  nominating  a  man  for 
an  office  is,  the  hope  of  his  election  • — the  only  sensible  or  reasonable 
purpose  of  agreeing  to  be  nominated  is,  that  the  person  may  be  sub- 
mitted to  the  consideration  of  his  fellow-citizens  for  the  office.  But 
after  this  has  been  fairly  done,  and  the  people  have  given  the  most 
conclusive  demonstrations  that  they  do  not  choose  the  individual  pro- 
posed, but  prefer  another,  what  dignity,  what  propriety,  what  decency 
even,  is  there  in  continuing  to  press  him  ?  The  eifort  becomes  ridi- 
culously foolish,  and  subjects  both  the  candidate  and  his  supported 


Chap.  XIX] 


DESIRES  TO  WITHDRAW. 


319 


to  the  most  ludicrous  aud  disagreeable  constructions.  In  ray  case,  I 
thought  I  had  no  right  to  object  to  the  Anti-3Iasons  proposing  me  to 
the  consideration  of  the  people  for  the  office  of  President.  Eveiy 
other  chance  of  uniting  the  opposition  had  vanished.  This  alone 
remained,  and,  faint  as  it  was,  I  considered  it  my  duty  to  permit  the 
oflfer  to  be  made.  It  has  been  made,  and  refused.  My  oidy  motive, 
therefore,  for  accepting  the  nomination  is  at  an  end.  That  motive 
was  an  honourable  and  patriotic  one.  It  justified  me  in  permitting 
the  nomination  to  be  made.  But  this  having  been  done,  the  National 
Republicans  having  declared  against  the  union,  which  alone  I  had  iu 
view,  I  can  perceive,  as  I  have  said,  neither  dignity  nor  decency  in 
continuing  the  nomination. 

It  is  true,  that,  when  I  accepted  the  nomination,  I  knew  that  tliis 
state  of  things  might  arise.  But  it  is  not  true  that  I  knew,  if  it 
should  arise,  the  Anti-Masons  would  still  persist  in  the  nomination. 
It  never  entered  into  my  imagination  that  they  could  wish  to  do  so 
vain  and  foolish  a  thing.  "What  end  can  it  answer  to  themselves? 
It  will  only  expose  their  weakness.  They  cannot  carry  a  single  State, 
except,  perhaps,  Vermont.  They  cannot  even  organize  an  electoral 
ticket  to  the  south  of  New  York,  except,  2"»erhaps,  in  Pennsylvania. 
In  such  circumstances,  what  a  figure  will  they  and  their  candidate 
make  in  a  Presidential  contest !  It  will  annihilate  them  and  me  too, 
by  the  mere  force  of  ridicule.  So  far,  therefore,  from  advancing  their 
party,  by  persisting  in  holding  me  up  as  the  candidate,  my  oi^inion  is 
that  they  will  injure,  if  not  ruin  themselves  by  it.  For  what  an 
absurd  posture  must  they  exhibit  in  the  result !  In  the  meantime, 
what  a  false  light  am  I  presented  in  before  the  nation  ?  I  consented 
to  be  nominated  for  the  single  purpose  of  union.  This  end  having 
failed,  my  object  is  at  an  end,  and  the  only  course  of  consistency  is 
for  me  to  withdraw.  If  I  still  remain  before  the  public,  I  exhibit  the 
appearance  of  counteracting  the  very  purpose  which  alone  I  had  in 
view,  and  permitting  myself  to  be  used  as  an  instrument  of  disunion. 
I  exhibit  the  appearance,  too,  of  a  sickly  vanity  and  morbid  appetite 
for  the  office,  which -is  utterly  false;  for  I  loathe  it,  and  felt  that  I 
was  making  a  personal  sacrifice  when  I  consented  to  be  offered  for  it. 
And  yet  I  fear  the  Anti-Masons  will  not  let  me  off. 

It  will  be  said  that  I  accepted  without  an}^  condition  of  withdrawing 
in  the  event  that  has  happened.  But  does  not  common  sense  imply 
such  a  condition,  in  every  such  case  ?  Does  any  man  consent  to  be 
run  for  an  office  for  which  he  knows,  at  the  time,  there  is  no  possible 
chance  for  his  election,  and  that  even  the  attempt  will  become  ridicu- 
lous. What  more  is  the  acceptance  of  a  nomination  than  a  consent 
to  be  proposed  to  the  consideration  of  the  people  for  an  office,  on  the 
calculation  that  the  party  may  be  approved  and  his  election  carried  ? 
But  wlien  tliis  has  been  done,  and  the  people  have  given  the  most 


significant  demonstration  against 

o  o 


the  nominee,  what  inconsistency  is 


5^0 


20 


THE  CASE  OF  THE  MISSIONARIES 


[1832. 


there  in  liis  wishing  to  be  withdrawn  ?  As  to  their  election  for  1830; 
which  they  think  they  will  be  able  to  carry,  my  engagement  does  not 
extend  to  that, — and  as  to  permitting  myself  to  be  nominated  now  as 
a  mere  party  instrument,  to  raise  the  party  without  any  reference  to 
the  success  of  the  election,  such  an  idea  never  entered  my  mind.  I 
have  a  great  deal  more  to  say — but  no  room,  and  I  am  tired. 

Yours  ever  and  ever, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  annual  session  of  the  Supreme  Court  had  now  commenced, 
and  there  Mr.  Wirt  repaired,  as  soon  as  his  returning  health  allowed. 
Amongst  other  cases  of  importance  in  which  he  was  concerned,  were 
those  of  the  missionaries,  Worcester  and  Butler,  against  the  State  of 
Georgia. 

These  cases  constituted  but' another  chapter  in  the  story  of  the 
Cherokees. 

In  the  course  of  the  legislation  of  the  State  of  Georgia  against  the 
tribe,  an  act  was  passed  in  December  1830,  in  which,  amongst  many 
other  disabling  provisions,  was  that  to  which  we  have  adverted  in  a 
former  chapter,  forbidding  any  white  person  to  reside  within  the  limits 
of  the  Cherokee  Nation,  without  a  license  from  the  Governor  of  the 
State  and  an  oath  previously  taken  to  support  and  defend  the  Consti- 
tution and  laws  of  Georgia.  The  punishment  prescribed  for  a  viola- 
tion of  this  enactment,  was  confinement  to  hard  labour  in  the  peniten- 
tiary for  a  term  not  exceeding  four  years. 

The  religious  societies  of  the  United  States  had  supplied  these 
Indian  tribes  with  missionary  clergy,  who  having  the  license  of  the 
Federal  Government  to  settle  amongst  them,  had  naturally  and  very 
justly  obtained,  as  we  have  remarked,  a  commanding  influence  over 
these  people. 

In  the  controversy  which  existed  between  the  Cherokees  and  the 
State  of  Georgia,  the  Missionaries  were  charged  with  having  encou- 
raged the  Indians  to  resist  the  policy  of  emigration.  A  belief  in  this 
charge  had  begotten  an  angry  and  exasperated  prejudice  against  them, 
as  the  chief  contrivers  and  counsellors  of  the  opposition.  It  was  be- 
lieved, and  perhaps  justly,  that,  but  for  the  Missionaries,  the  tribe 
would  have  yielded  to  the  wishes  of  the  Government,  and  have  gone 
peaceably  to  the  new  home  provided  for  them.  The  report  of  the 
Secretary  of  War  upon  this  subject  in  1828,  indeed,  expressly  charges 


Chap.  XIX.]  IN  THE  CHEROKEE  NATION.  321 

some  imprudences  upon  them  in  this  respect.  "  The  annual  appro- 
priation " —  he  says, — "has  had  the  eflfect  to  draw  to  ahnost  every 
Indian  reservation,  in  addition  to  the  agents  and  interpreters,  a  con- 
siderable number  of  Missionaries  and  teachers  with  their  families,  who 
having  acquired,  principally  by  the  aid  of  this  fund,  very  comfortable 
establishments,  are  unwilling  to  be  deprived  of  them  by  the  removal 
of  the  Indians ;  and  thus  we  have  found,  that  while  the  agents  spe- 
cially employed  by  the  Government  for  this  purpose  are  engaged  in 
persuading,  by  profuse  distributions  of  money  and  j^resents,  the  Indians 
to  emigrate,  another  set  of  government-agents  are  operating  more  se- 
cretly, to  be  sure,  but  not  with  less  zeal  and  effect,  to  prevent  such 
emigration."     He  adds  — 

"  These  remarks  are  not  intended  as  a  personal  reflection  on  the 
Missionaries  and  teachers,  much  less  on  the  pious  and  respectable 
patrons  of  these  benevolent  institutions,  who,  no  doubt,  are  disposed 
to  lend  a  ready  support  to  every  humane  measure  which  the  Govern- 
ment may  think  proper  to  adopt  in  favour  of  these  depressed  people ; 
but  are  rather  intended  to  show  the  natural  and  unavoidable  tendency 
of  the  system  itself  to  counteract  the  leading  policy  of  the  Govern- 
ment." 

This  is  but  another  fact  to  demonstrate  the  incongruity  of  the 
course  pursued  at  Washington,  with  the  obligations  which  the 
Government  had  assumed  in  reference  to  the  relations  of  the  Chero- 
kees  to  the  State  of  Georgia.  No  one,  certainly,  could  censure  the 
Missionaries  for  the  benevolent  assiduity  with  which  they  devoted 
themselves  to  the  purpose  that  had  been  so  strenuously  encouraged  by 
the  Government  through  a  series  of  years.  That  they  should  take 
great  interest  in  the  success  of  their  labours,  form  strong  attachments 
to  the  tribe,  regard  with  complacency  the  progress  of  civilization  of 
which  they  were  the  agents,  and  desire  to  render  permanent  the 
beneficent  relations  of  Christian  pastors  to  their  simple  flocks — of 
teachers  and  pupils — and  to  protect  them  in  their  homes,  was  a  senti- 
ment too  natural  and  too  virtuous  not  to  disarm,  one  would  suppose, 
the  hostility  even  of  those  who  suffered  most  from  the  effects  of  the 
system.  The  temper  of  Georgia  seems,  however,  at  this  time,  to  have 
been  heated  beyond  the  point  to  which  argument  is  usually  available. 
The  legislation  of  the  day  indicates  stubborn  and  even  fierce  resolve 

V 


322  WORCESTER  AND  BUTLER.  [1832. 

to  close  the  whole  controversy  by  decisive  blows,  which  should  strike 
down  the  adversary  without  further  parley. 

The  enactment  to  which  we  have  referred  was  directly  pointed  at 
the  Missionaries. 

Amongst  these  pastors  and  teachers  of  the  tribe,  was  Samuel  A. 
Worcester,  a  citizen  of  Vermont,  who  had  been  sent  to  reside  amonofst 
these  Indians  by  the  American  Board  of  Foreign  Missions,  and  was  a 
resident  in  the  Nation  at  the  date  of  the  passage  of  the  Georgia  act. 
He  resided  with  the  tribe  under  the  permission  of  the  President  of 
the  United  States.  He  had  no  license  from  the  Governor  of  Georgia, 
and  had  not  taken  the  oath  required  by  the  act  of  that  State — an 
oath,  incompatible,  as  he  deemed  it,  with  the  character  of  his  duties 
in  his  station.  Elizur  Butler  and  five  others  stood  in  the  same 
category. 

They  were  arrested  by  the  officers  of  the  State,  indicted,  and 
tried  in  Gwinnett  County,  in  September,  1831,  and  each  of  them 
sentenced  to  hard  labour  in  the  penitentiary  for  four  years.  After 
conviction,  a  pardon  was  tendered  to  each,  upon  conditions  of  con- 
formity with  the  policy  of  the  State.  Five  out  of  the  seven  who 
were  indicted,  accepted  it.  "Worcester  and  Butler  refused,  and  took 
an  appeal  to  the  Supreme  Court  against  the  judgment  which  subjected 
them  to  this  ignominious  punishment.  The  Board  of  Missions  em- 
ployed Mr.  Wirt  and  Mr.  Sergeant  to  argue  the  cause.  Georgia,  as 
in  the  former  case,  refused  to  appear. 

We  have  no  report  of  the  arguments  of  the  counsel  in  this  cause, 
beyond  a  brief  statement  of  the  points  discussed  by  them.  The  ques- 
tions, however,  were  fully  examined,  and  the  speeches  are  said  to 
have  been  characterized  by  all  the  vigour  and  ability  which  belonged 
to  the  eminent  professional  talent  employed. 

The  Court  decided  "  that  the  act  of  the  Legislature  of  the  State  of 
Geoigyi,  upon  which  the  indictment  was  founded,  was  contrary  to  the 
Constitution,  treaties  and  laws  of  the  United  States;"  that  the  plea 
of  the  defendants  was  a  good  bar  and  defence  to  the  indictment,  and 
ought  to  have  been  allowed ;  that  the  sentence  ought  to  be  reversed 
and  annulled ;  and  that  the  defendants  below  be  dismissed  therefrom. 

The  opinion  was  unanimous,  with  the  exception  of  that  of  Judge 
Baldwin,  to  the  form  in  which  the  record  was  returned  to  the  Court. 


Chap.  XIX.] 


WEARY  OF  PUBLIC  LIFE. 


323 


It  was  said,  before  this  trial,  that  the  State  of  Georgia  would  pay 
no  respect  to  the  decision  of  the  Court.  It  so  turned  out.  The  judg- 
ment was  treated  as  a  nullity,  and  the  3Iissionarics  were  still  retained 
in  the  penitentiary,  until  the  Governor  of  Georgia  thought  proper 
himself  to  release  them. 

No  further  judicial  proceedings  were  attempted.  The  President 
of  the  United  States  gave  but  little  hope  of  the  favourable  interference 
of  the  Government  in  the  controversy.  The  Governor  of  Georgia  is 
said  to  have  declared  he  would  rather  hang  the  Missionaries  than 
liberate  them  under  the  mandate  of  the  Supreme  Court.  Nothing 
was  left  for  the  prisoners  but  to  wait  for  a  day  of  cooler  judgment 
and  more  moderate  counsels.  After  some  eighteen  months,  this  day 
arrived.  The  contest  had  grown  hopeless  to  the  weaker  party.  The 
Missionaries  were  released;  and  hei'e  ended  this  extraordinary 
chapter  in  the  history  of  our  free  Government. 

We  return  now  to  the  more  private  life  of  the  subject  of  our  nar- 
rative, and  busy  ourselves,  once  more,  with  that  insight  into  his  mind 
and  feelings  which  always  presents  a  topic  of  interest  in  the  study  of 
human  character. 

In  a  rambling  letter  to  that  friend,  who  more  than  any  other  shared 
his  most  intimate  thoughts — Judge  Carr, — ^he  writes  in  May — "  If  I 
were,  as  I  used  to  be  at  Pen  Park,  with  a  good  deal  of  time  on  my 
hands,  with  the  silence  and  tranquillity  of  the  country  around  me, 
with  the  buoyancy  of  youthful  feelings,  and  a  brightening  world  in 
prospect,  to  raise  and  incite  me,  and  with  a  dear  friend,  of  my  own  age, 
at  Dunlora,*  to  read  and  applaud,  I  should  enjoy  it,  (In  the  pre- 
ceding portion  of  this  letter  he  intimated  a  purpose  of  writing  a  re- 
view, to  which  this  refers.)     But  alas  ! However,  as  Byron  said, 

"no  whining,  —  let  us  be  a  man  to  the  last!"  Yet,  in  very  truth, 
my  dear  friend,  I  am  very  weary  and  sick  of  public  life  and  its 
affairs — for  I  am,  in  some  sort,  implicated  in  public  life.  I  am  tired 
of  being  on  a  public  theatre,  gazed  at,  talked  of,  written  of:  —  I 
should  have  no  objection  to  it,  if  our  country  were  as  it  has  been. 
But  so  much  faction,  corruption,  intrigue,  and  impenetrable  and  im- 
perturbable stupidity  and  infatuation  pervading  the  community,  with 

*  The  allusion  is  to  Judge  Carr  himself  who  lived  at  Dunlora,  it  will  be 
remembered,  when  Mr.  Win  was  an  inmate  of  Pen  Park. 


324 


LONGS  FOR  RETIREMENT. 


[1832. 


such  a  prospect  of  things  becoming  worse — that  I  wish  I  had  a  villa 
in  Florida,  or  somewhere  else,  to  retire  to,  and  beguile  the  painful 
hours,  as  Cicero  did,  in  writing  essays,  political,  literary  and  religious. 
I  have  no  enjoyment  connected  with  this  earth  but  in  the  bosom  of 
my  own  family,  and  the  small  circle  of  dear  friends  who  are  yet  left 
to  me.  If  I  could  get  anything  like  a  decent  price  for  my  property 
in  Kichmond  and  Washington,  and  my  surplus  lands  in  Florida,  I 
would  settle  a  plantation  for  the  support  of  my  family,  and  beat,  at 
last,  a  retreat  from  the  gaze  of  public  life  and  public  men.  For,  I 
confess,  I  am  ''a  disappointed  man," — not  as  to  personal  celebrity, 
for  I  have  more  of  that  than  I  deserve — but  disappointed  in  my  coun- 
try and  the  glory  that  I  thought  awaited  her;  —  disappointed,  most 
sadly,  in  the  intelligence  and  virtue  which  I  had  attributed  to  our 
countrymen ; — disappoiated  in  life  itself,  which  is,  indeed,  all  vanity 
and  vexation  of  spirit.  But,  adieu  to  these  jeremiads !  We  have 
nothing  left  for  it  but  to  do  our  duty,  and  leave  the  issues  to  Provi- 
dence. You  act  wisely,  as  you  always  do,  in  gliding  along  as  peace- 
ably as  you  can,  making  the  best  of  every  thing,  and  not  '■  fashing 
your  head'  too  much  about  what  can't  be  helped.  I  wish  I  could 
follow  your  example.  But,  I  believe  it  is  in  the  constitution,  and 
mine  happens  to  be  a  little  too  much  of  the  'gum  taflPeta'  order. 
Doesn't  Falstaff  talk  of  'fretting  like  gum  taffeta  ? '  " 

This  is  sad  enough.  We  shall  find  his  mood  brightening  somewhat 
in  the  sequel.  To  Mrs.  Wirt  he  writes  from  Annapolis,  in  the  midst 
of  business,  not  long  after  this, — "  When  shall  I  ever  again  be  free 
from  the  cares  and  anxieties  of  life  !  Never,  while  I  am  in  life,  with 
objects  so  dear  to  me  as  I  now  possess,  and  means  so  precarious. 
There  is  one  moral  truth  of  which  I  would  make  a  practical  use  — 
that  life  is  but  a  change  of  cares,  and,  consequently,  relief  from  one 
only  gives  play  to  the  succession  of  some  other.  So  'what's  the  use 
of  —  Ifiying  the  present  care  to  heart,  whatever  it  may  bo  ?  We 
might  as  well  bear  this  as  its  successor.  And  what  are  they  but  so 
many  insects  that  tease  us  for  a  moment  with  their  buzzing,  and  then 
disappear  forever  ?  So,  let  us  up  with  our  mosquito-bar,  and — '  Away 
with  melancholy.'  I  am  unwilling  to  leave  behind  me  the  character 
of  having  been  a  moping,  melancholy  old  hunks.  Fie  on  such  a 
thought — away  with  it !  and 


Chap.  XIX.]  REFLECTIONS.  325 

'  On  the  dewy  green 
By  the  glowworm's  light, 

&c.,  &c.,  &c.     Allegretto. 

"  'T  is  time  for  a  conforcnce  with  my  colleagues,  being  now  candle- 
light. Whip-poor-will — the  first  I  have  heard  this  year.  Not  quite 
equal  to  the  wood-lark." 

There  is  still  more  sunshine  in  the  following,  written  again  from 
Annapolis,  in  June : 

'■'■  How  do  you  do,  my  dear  wife  ?  Is  the  rheumatism  gone  ?  How 
does  the  garden  come  on,  and  the  canary  and  the  linnet,  and  the  sky- 
lark, and  the  mocking-bird?  And  how  do  'the  bees  suck,'  and  'the 
fairies  dance,'  now,  my  dear  girls  ?  And  how  do  the  early  rising  and 
the  studies  go  on,  boys  ?  —  and  the  flutes,  and  all  that  sort  of  thing  ? 
I  feel  quite  excited,  and  miss  you  all  most  exceedingly  much.  My 
solitary  room,  and  my  solitary  siesta,  are  not  to  my  taste.  I  want  to 
take  my  nap  in  company,  as  my  children  always  prefer  to  get  their 
lessons.  Apropos,  wife,  I  have  not  taken  one  pinch  of  snuff  since  I 
left  home,  though  continually  tempted  with  other  people's  boxes.  I 
am  sometimes  truly  disposed  to  reward  my  conscience  for  holding  out 
so  well.  To  speak  the  truth,  there  is  still  a  considerable  titillation 
around  the  region  of  the  nostril — but  my  desire  for  snuff  is  so  feeble, 
that  it  scarce  deserves  a  mention.  I  shall  keep  aloof,  and  in  about  a 
fortnight  more  I  suppose  I  shall  be  thinking,  as  I  did  in  Washington 
when  I  quitted  it  once  before,  —  what  will  become  of  all  the  snuff- 
sellers  ?  They  will  be  ruined  : — as  if  all  the  world  had  left  off  snuff 
because  I  had.  I  remember  very  seriously  feeling  this  compassionate 
sentiment  for  Duport  and  Johnson,  the  tobacconists.  Their  prospects 
appeared  to  me  to  become  suddenly  quite  magnificently  bright,  when 

I  resumed  snuff. 

*  *  ^  *  *  *  * 

"  The  world  and  its  enjoyments  did  not  seem  vanity  and  vexation 
even  to  Solomon,  in  the  days  of  his  youth ;  —  and  so,  when  we  were 
young.  There  have  been  many  days  and  weeks  in  my  life,  since  I 
first  heard  this  sentiment,  when  I  could  not  have  endorsed  it.  I  fear 
that  we  both  feel  and  expi*ess  it  too  deeply  nora : — we  may  tinge  with 
a  premature  melancholy,  the  otherwise  cheerful  and  buoyant  character 
of  our  children.     This  would  be  a  pity.     Melancholy  is  not  a  neces- 

VoL.  11.-28 


826 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


[1831. 


sary  quality  of  religion.  There  is  enough,  indeed,  in  the  wide-spread 
delusions,  and  follies  and  sins  of  the  world,  to  make  us  all  sad  and 
sorrowful.  But  '  what 's  the  use,'  &c.  I — let  us  strive  to  take  care  of 
our  innocence,  and  do  all  the  good  we  can,  and  go  on  our  way  rejoic- 
ing in  Him  'who  is  mighty  to  help  and  to  save.'  " 

These  transitions  from  joy  to  sadness,  manifested  in  such  confiden- 
tial intercourse  as  this,  furnish  an  infallible  indes  to  the  secrets  of  a 
mind  which  but  half  expresses  the  griefs  it  has  vainly  attempted  to 
over-master.  It  is  a  strange  thing  to  contemplate  —  this  fellowship 
of  sorrow  and  mirth  in  such  intimate  alliance. 

This  year,  1832,  was  the  year  of  the  cholera  in  the  United  States. 
It  appeared  in  Quebec  in  May  and  June,  had  reached  New  York  in 
July,  and  Baltimore  in  August.  Mr.  Wirt's  health  was  still  feeble. 
During  the  hottest  season,  he  visited  Bedford  Springs,  in  Pennsyl- 
vania, and  went  from  thence  to  Bath,  in  Morgan  county,  Virginia. 
Here,  with  all  his  family  around  him,  he  spent  the  greater  part  of 
September,  waiting  for  the  day  when  his  physician  should  inform  him 
he  might  safely  return  to  Baltimore,  without  apprehension  from  the 
prevailing  pestilence  which,  during  a  portion  of  that  month,  made 
great  havoc  in  the  city.  From  this  point  we  have  the  following 
letter : 

TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Bath,  August  22, 1832. 
My  Dear  Friend  : 

In  the  Parthian  shot  you  gave  me  on  your  departure  from  Rich- 
mond, you  did  not  tell  me  where  an  answer  would  find  you.  *  * 
I  have  been  at  the  Bedford  Springs,  not  to  run  from  the  cholera,  but 
because  it  seemed  to  be  thought  that  I  must  make  an  excursion  some 
where,  and  my  children,  who  were  to  accompany  me,  wished  to  see 
that  place.  *  *  With  the  aid  of  a  barouche,  a  baggage- 

wagon,  and  three  saddle-horses,  we  got  along  pretty  comfortably. 
We  reached  this  place  yesterday. 

^  'T~  "T*  1^  'I*  'F 

I  have  not  your  last  letter,  and  cannot  recall  all  its  topics ;  but  I 

remember  N had  led  you  to  believe  I  was  desponding,  and  weary 

of  life.     I  am  not  conscious  of  this.     N was  apologizing  for  not 

having  called  to  see  me,  in  Richmond,  by  the  sickness  of  a  child  which 
he  lost,  and  expressed  himself  with  a  countenance  and  a  voice  so  sad, 
that  it  touched  the  responding  chord  of  my  own  griefs.     1  spoke  of 


Chap.  XIX.]  VIEWS    OF    LIFE.  327 

the  insignificance  of  life,  I  dare  say,  gloomily  cnougli ;  but  N- 


had  no  more  right,  from  such  an  incident,  tu  suppose  it  my  general 
habit,  than  I  had  to  suppose  it  to  be  his. 

I  am  not  a  croaker,  my  dear  friend — at  least,  not  an  habitual  one. 
I  do  not  think  it  either  philosophical  or  christian  to  quarrel  with  life. 
Our  Maker  has  placed  us  here,  and  it  is  our  duty  to  act  well  our  parts, 
and  leave  the  issues  to  Providence.  I  believe  I  am  quite  as  cheerful 
as  men  of  my  age  generally  are — I  mean  reflecting  men.  Ileckless- 
ness  sits  well  upon  no  one  at  this  time  of  life,  except  our  friend  l*ope, 
who  is  and  will  z-emain  a  constitutional  evergreen — a  fall-blossom  even 
on  the  ruggedost  clifl's  of  life,  like  tlie  mountain  ivy  on  the  precipices 
beyond  Clover-dale.  So,  don't  think  me  such  a  milksop  as  3'ou  seem 
to  do.  Does  any  man  who  is  aj^proaching  sixty  consider  life  and  the 
world  as  he  did  when  he  was  young — when  hope  and  fancy  threw 
their  colours  all  around  us?  Fancy  has  only  played  me  the  same 
trick,  with  regard  to  the  world  and  life  in  general,  as  she  has  done  in 
every  particular  scene  of  it.  I  have  been  always  expecting  more,  both 
from  people  and  things,  than  I  have  realized,  because  I  expected  ro- 
mauticallj',  and  not  rationally.  It  is  the  proper  chastisement  for  an 
excessive  imagination.  It  balances  the  account  of  human  happiness 
between  the  imaginative  and  the  unimaginative.  The  first  derive  a 
great  deal  of  visionary  pleasure  from  anticipation.  The  latter  are 
without  this  pleasure,  but  then  they  are  free  from  the  pains  of  disap- 
pointment. They  derive  a  quiet,  equable  pleasure  from  the  incidents 
of  life,  unalloyed  by  overwrought  expectation.  I  have  been  one  of 
the  sanguine  in  my  youth,  and  it  must  be  allowed  me  to  have  an  addi- 
tional groan  or  so,  under  the  discipline  of  experience,  and  that  rough 
aspect  of  "things  as  they  are,"  which  the  course  of  life  is  continually 
revealing.  But  I  am  not  such  a  driveller  as  to  sit  down  and  cry  over 
my  spilt  milk,  and  spoiled  bread  and  butter.  On  the  contrary,  be  it 
known  to  you,  I  can  keep  as  stiff  an  upper  lip  as  most  people.  So 
much  for  this  important  affair  of  ego. 

Your  friend, 

"Wm.  Wirt. 

When  he  returned  to  Baltimore,  his  attention  was  drawn  more 
pointedly  to  the  election.  As  the  autumn  advanced,  it  became  daily 
more  apparent  that  the  division  between  the  National  Republicans  and 
the  Anti-Masons,  had  rendered  the  success  of  the  opposition  to  Gene- 
ral Jackson  more  than  doubtful.  There  were  some  persons  who 
believed  thut  General  Jackson  could  not  obtain  a  majority  in  the  elec- 
toral colleges,  and  that,  consequently,  there  was  a  probability  of  the 
election  being  transferred  to  the  House  of  Representatives.  Judge 
Carr  was  one  who  looked  upon  this  result  as  within  the  chances  of  the 


8 


328 


THE  PRESIDENTIAL  CANVASS. 


[1832 


canvass,  and  so  wrote  to  his  friend, 
will  be  seen  in  his  rejily. 


What  Mr.  Wirt  thought  of  this 


TO    JUDGE   CARR. 

Baltimore,  October  25,  1832. 

I  thank  you,  my  dear  friend,  for  yours  of  the  22d.     It  is  quite 
cheering  to  see  you  so  playful  and  merry  in  these  sad  times. 
****** 

So,  I  thought  you  had  dismissed  all  ideas  about  the  Presidency — 
all  such,  I  mean,  as  you  throw  out  in  your  letter.  It  will  be  a  strange 
affair  if  it  should  happen.  But  I  have  no  thought  of  it.  "  The  game 
is,  certainly,  within  the  power  of  the  dice."  But  it  requires  so  many 
fortunate  throws  in  succession,  that  it  would  be  next  to  a  miracle  to 
win.  As  for  me,  I  have  never  considered  myself  as  playing  it,  or 
being  in  the  game  at  all,  for  my  own  use  or  for  any  public  good  con- 
nected with  me,  since  the  nomination  here  last  December.  I  have 
never  believed,  since  that  nomination,  that  the  opposition  would  suc- 
ceed. I  do  not  believe  it  now.  They  might  succeed  by  a  cordial, 
zealous  union — but  it  must  be  cordial,  zealous,  universal ;  that  is,  it 
must  embrace  the  whole  opposition,  and  they  must  act  with  one  heart 
and  the  spirit  of  brothers.  This  they  will  not  do.  The  late  elections 
in  Ohio  and  Pennsylvania  prove  it.  They  may  co-operate  so  far  as  to 
make  a  brilliant  fight,  and  show  what  unanimity  could  have  done. 
But  I  think  they  will  be  defeated  even  in  Pennsylvania  and  New 
York.  Others,  who  ought  to  know  better,  think  differently.  But  I 
have  no  reliance  on  their  calculations,  since  their  sanguine  predictions 
of  ten  and  Qven  twenty  thousand  majority  for  Eitner,*  and  the  perfect 
certainty  with  which  they  counted  on  Ohio.  They  pretend  to  tell  us 
that  these  elections  failed  for  causes  not  likely  to  operate  on  the  Pre- 
sidential contest.  I  have  no  faith  in  these  posthumous  consolations. 
Have  I  seen  you  since  the  receipt  of  those  letters  which  conjured  me 
not  to  withdraw  ? 

*  -H-  *  -x-  *  # 

I  will  say  that  our  Constitution  has  had  no  such  trials  as  it  is  now 
encountering,  and  is  likely  to  encounter  in  the  next  four  years. 
According  to  General  Jackson's  principles,  our  government  is  a  des- 
potism. His  veto  doctrines,  as  illustrated  by  his  practice,  virtually 
annihilate  both  Congress  and  the  Supreme  Court.  If  the  people 
sustain  him  in  these  doctrines,  as  there  is  but  too  much  reason  to  fear 
they  will,  what  are  we  to  expect  in  the  next  four  years  ?  If  he  shall 
be  again  elected,  after  what  he  has  avowed  and  done,  I  believe  if  he 


*  The  opposition  candidate  for  Governor  in  Pennsylvania,  who,  in  this 
montli,  was  defeated  in  thai  State.  The  State  election  in  Ohio  had  also  just 
gone  against  the  same  parly. 


Chap.  XIX.] 


RESULT  OF  THE  ELECTION. 


329 


were  to  send  a  messaoje  to  Consrress  tcllinii;  tliem  that  tlie  country  liad 
no  further  occasion  for  their  services,  his  presses  and  his  corps  of 
mercenary  appointees  would  endeavour  to  persuade  the  people  that  it 
was  a  patriotic  act,  would  save  a  great  deal  of  expense  in  the  pay  of 
members,  and  that  the  country  would  be  as  well  governed  without 
them  as  with  them. 

Yet,  what  a  country  might  this  become  in  the  hands  of  such  men 
as  preceded  this  administration  ? — a  set  of  men  capable  of  valuing 
our  beautiful  and  noble  institutions;  of  inculcating  their  inestimable 
value  on  the  body  of  the  people ;  of  inspiring  a  reverence,  a  love  for 
them  among  the  rising  generation ;  of  keeping  the  people  pure  and 
making  them  feel  their  own  value,  and,  in  their  own  example,  setting 
the  fashion  of  patriotism,  of  deep  and  ardent  devotion  to  the  Union, 
of  a  noble  passion  for  the  true  glory  of  our  country  and  the  perpetua- 
tion of  our  free  institutions.  If  we  could  only  have  half  a  dozen 
Presidents  of  this  cast — nay,  if,  at  this  time,  we  could  have  one — 
what  a  glorious  deliverance  would  it  be  from  the  evils  that  beset  us ! 
I  should  be  content  to  go  to  my  grave  praying  for  it,  if  I  could  hope 
my  children  would  live  to  see  such  a  restoration  of  the  golden  age 
that  we  have  seen. 

******* 

Like  you,  I  have  sometimes  hopes — not  for  myself — but  for  Clay. 
If  he  can  but  lead  up  the  Western  States  handsomely,  and  we  can 
save  Pennsylvania  and  New  York  from  the  grasp  of  the  administration, 
we  may  bring  him  in.  My  opinion  is  that  the  election  ought  not  to 
be  permitted  to  go  before  the  House.  If  Clay  can  get  the  votes  he 
counts  on,  he  ought  to  be  elected  by  a  union  in  the  electoral  college. 
If  I  can  effect  this,  it  shall  be  done.  I  have  no  idea  of  suffering 
myself  to  be  thrust  before  the  House  of  Representatives  for  their 
votes,  and  I  will  prevent  it  if  I  can. 

*  *  *  *  *  * 

Your  friend, 

Wm.  "Wirt. 

The  Presidential  election  was  held  in  November.  The  first  news 
received  from  Pennsylvania  and  New  York  was  decisive  of  the  con- 
test in  favour  of  General  Jackson.  At  this  juncture  Mr.  Wirt  wrote 
the  following  letter  to  an  old  friend  in  Virginia : 


TO   JOHN    T. 


LOMAX. 
Baltimore,  November  15,  13.32. 


My  dear  Lomax  : 

****** 
You  will  see  that  your  apprehensions  have  been  realized.     I  thank 
you,  my  old  friend,  for  the  kind  sentiments  you  continue  to  cherish 

28* 


OOf\ 

oo\f 


THE  NOMINATION. 


[1832. 


for  me.  But,  remember,  I  never  was,  and  never  shall  be,  an  aspirant 
to  the  Presidency.  I  never  sought  the  office,  never  expected  it,  never 
M'ished  it  for  its  own  sake,  nor  my  own  sake.  My  name  would  never 
have  been  upon  the  roll  by  any  movement  of  my  own,  nor  with  my 
own  consent,  if  it  had  not  been  previously  ascertained,  beyond  doubt, 
that  IMr.  Clay  could  not  be  elected.  The  bare  ascertainment  of  the 
fact  that  there  existed  in  New  York  and  Pennsylvania  such  a  party 
as  the  Anti-Masonic,  whose  principles  forbade  them  to  vote  for  Mr. 
Clay,  put  the  seal  upon  his  fate.  It  forbade  the  possibility  of  his 
taking  either  of  these  States.  Without  them,  his  election  was  impos- 
sible. This  simple  fact,  which  my  friends  have  seen  and  acknowledged 
within  the  last  six  months,  was  as  manifest  to  me  in  September  1831, 
as  it  is  at  this  moment.  It  requii-ed  only  common  sense  acting  on  com- 
mon facts,  for  all  to  see  it  who  are  willing  to  see  it.  With  the  de- 
monstrated certainty  before  me  that  Mr.  Clay  could  not  be  elected, 
when  the  Anti-3Iasons  declared  they  would  put  some  one  in  nomina- 
tion before  they  adjourned,  upon  whom  they  would  cast  all  their 
votes,  whether  they  could  elect  him  or  not, — another  thing  became 
equally  manifest  to  me, — that  the  opposition  to  General  Jackson  could 
not  succeed  but  by  the  help  of  the  Anti-Masons,  and  consequently 
there  remained  nothing  to  be  done  but  to  give  up  the  field  to  Jackson, 
or  attempt  to  concentrate  the  opposition  on  a  single  candidate.  That 
candidate  could  not  be  Mr.  Chi}-,  for  the  Anti-Masons  had  declared 
that  they  could  not,  upon  principle,  support  him.  To  whom  then 
were  we  to  look  ?  Calhoun  was  placed  hors  de  combat  by  the  nullifi- 
cation movement.  Adams,  Piush,  and  McLean  had  declined  the  Anti- 
Masonic  nomination.  The  Anti-Masons  were  determined  to  nominate 
before  they  left  Baltimore,  and  would  probably  have  nominated  some 
one  to  whom  the  National  Eepublicans  could  not  have  gone.  It  was 
in  this  hopeless  state  of  things  that  the  nomination  was  unexpectedly 
brought  to  me,  and  pressed  upon  me.  It  seemed  to  be  the  last  re- 
maining chance  for  us,  and  I  accepted  it,  most  reluctantly,  because  I 
considered  it  a  public  duty  to  do  so. 

As  soon  as  I  found  that  the  National  Eepublicans  would  not  give 
up  Mr.  Clay,  but  would  press  him,  even  with  the  certainty  of  defeat 
before  him,  my  wish  was  to  withdraw.  But  the  Anti-3Iasons  insisted 
I  had  no  right  to  do  so,  and  both  Mr.  Clay  and  his  friends  thought  it 
best  for  him  that  I  should  not.  They  knew,  if  I  did  withdraw,  the 
Anti-.AIasons  would  immediately  nominate  some  one  else,  and,  by  at- 
tributing my  retirement  to  Clay's  influence,  would  become  more  hos- 
tile to  him.  Whereas,  by  my  remaining,  they  believed  that  some 
plan  of  co-operation  between  the  two  divisions  might  be  devised,  which 
would  operate  favourably  to  3Ir.  Clay — in  New  York,  at  least,  if  not 
in  Pennsylvania.  j\Iy  name,  therefore,  remained  before  the  public, 
because  the  Anti-JMasons  demanded  it  as  a  right,  and  Mr.  Clay  and 
his  friends  thought  it  best  that  it  should  be  so.  ''in  the  canvass  I  took 


Chap.  XIX.]  REFLECTIONS  ON  THE  RESULT.  331 

no  part ;  not  even  by  writing  private  letters,  which,  on  the  contrary, 
I  refused  to  answer  whenever  such  answers  could  be  interpreted  into 
canvassing  for  the  ofhee.  I  never  expected  Mr.  Clay's  election  or  my 
own,  from  the  moment  I  saw  that  the  opposition  would  not  unite 
upon  either  of  us.  Towards  the  close  of  the  scene,  some  appearance 
of  union  was  presented,  both  in  Pennsylvania  and  New  York,  which 
inspired  some  with  hopes ;  —  but  I  saw  the  papers  on  both  sides,  and 
knew  well  that  such  a  growling,  mutually-abusing  and  defying  sort 
of  union  could  end  in  nothing  but  disunion  and  defeat.  80  it  has 
been.  "We  have  lost  Pennsylvania  and  New  York,  with  a  majority 
certainly  in  the  opposition,  and  several  other  States  in  like  manner. 

I  see  that  General  Jackson  has  been  already  nominated  bj^  one  of 
the  northern  papers  for  a  third  term.  My  opinion  is,  he  may  be 
President  for  life,  if  he  chooses. 

«•  *  *  -Sf  -M-  ■!<- 

I  have  placed  the  history  of  my  connection  with  this  subject  before 
you,  because  I  wish  ray  friends  to  understand  the  motives  by  which  I 
have  been  actuated  throughout  this  aiFair.  Both  divisions  of  our  op- 
position have  behaved  unwisely.  They  had  the  game  in  their  own 
hands  :  they  have  thrown  it  away  by  their  own  dissensions,  and  I 
shall  probably  be  censured  for  having  afforded  the  onl}^  possible  chance 
of  so  uniting  the  opposition  as  to  have  made  it  successful. 

I  remain,  my  dear  Lomax,  your  friend  of  thirty-two  years, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  result  of  the  election  was  that,  out  of  two  hundred  and  eighty- 
six  electoral  votes  which  were  cast  in  the  colleges.  General  Jackson 
received  two  hundred  and  nineteen,  Mr.  Clay  forty-nine,  Mr.  Floyd, 
who  took  the  vote  of  South  Carolina,  eleven,  and  jMr.  AVirt  seven, — 
these  seven  being  the  votes  of  the  State  of  Vermont. 

So  ended  this  canvass, —  singularly  disproportioned  in  its  results  to 
the  promises,  rather  than  hopes,  with  which  it  began.  So  ended  it, 
we  must  say,  happily  for  Mr.  Wirt,  since  success  would  have  brought 
him  nothing  but  cares  which  would  have  touched  with  additional  sere, 
a  mind  now  in  the  yellow  leaf,  and  with  which,  in  physical  condition 
he  would  have  been  unable  to  struggle.  To  one  so  thoughtful,  so 
fond  of  the  quiet  of  domestic  life,  so  sensitive  to  the  disgust  of  public 
or  private  vice,  as  he,  the  importunities  and  incessant  collisions  of 
high  political  station  would  have  been  but  the  daily  repetition  of  in- 
tolerable annoyances.  His  own  choice,  we  may  confidently  believe, 
would  never  have  brought  him  into  this  unaccustomed  held  of  politics. 


832  THE  ANTI-MASONIC  PARTY.  [1832. 

The  nomination  took  him  at  unawares.  That  it  momentarily  dazzled 
his  ambition,  even  unconsciously  to  himself,  I  think  it  is  apparent 
enough  from  the  facility  with  which  he  persuaded  himself  to  acqui- 
esce. That  it  brought  him  nothing  but  anxiety  and  disquiet,  and 
that  he  very  soon  wished  himself  rid  of  it,  is  equally  clear.  He  found 
some  indemnity  for  these  discomforts  in  the  abundant  manifestations 
afforded  by  the  newspaper  press,  of  the  kind  and  considerate  respect 
which  his  personal  worth  attracted  even  from  his  political  opponents. 
The  press  was  singularly  good-natured,  and  paid  an  honest  tribute  to 
his  virtues.     Scarcely  a  word  was  said  to  his  disadvantage. 

The  whole  of  this  political  episode,  which  stands  strangely  out  of 
the  general  harmony  of  Mr.  AVirt's  life,  shows  how  little  he  was 
adapted  by  nature  or  by  education  to  the  sphere  of  the  party  politi- 
cian. Simple  and  direct  in  his  estimate  of  duty,  courageous  in  con- 
forming to  it,  candid,  confiding  and  credulous,  all  these  qualities  of 
his  character  were  successfully  invoked  by  the  Convention  which,  con- 
ferred upon  him  the  nomination.  He  accepted  it  in  perfect  good 
faith,  and  with  an  earnest  persuasion  that  he  was  performing  a  duty 
of  the  highest  import  to  his  country.  He  thus  suddenly  found  him- 
self made  the  centre  of  a  political  combination  of  the  strength  of  which 
he  positively  knew  nothing,  and  from  whose  very  constitution,  a  little 
reflection  would  have  shown  him,  it  derived  no  other  power  than  that 
of  mere  frustration  by  dissent.  It  was  a  discord  in  the  general  poli- 
tics of  the  nation.  Mr.  Wirt  vainly  hoped  that  it  was  to  be  made  an 
instrument  of  harmony.  More  wary  and  practised  statesmen  had  re- 
fused the  offer  which  he  accepted.  They  stood  aloof  from  an  engage- 
ment, which  they  foresaw  was  to  lead  to  an  unprofitable  division  of 
forces,  which,  marshalled  in  the  most  compact  array,  would  have 
entered  the  field  with  but  doubtful  hopes.  Mr.  Wirt  did  not  stop  to 
inquire  why  they  had  refused.  If  he  had  done  so,  he  would  have 
learned  what  they  thought  of  the  practicability  and  expediency  of 
organizing  a  party  upon  an  ephemeral  question,  which  had  no  sub- 
stantial affinity  with  the  higher  operations  of  government ; — which 
was,  at  best,  but  a  question  of  police, — better  adapted  to  the  muni- 
cipal notice  of  the  States  than  to  the  sphere  of  federal  jurisdiction. 
He  would  have  seen  that  this  was  but  the  effervescence  of  a  sudden 
discovery,  which  had  heated  the  minds  of  some  sections  of  the  country, 


CuAr.  XIX.]  THE  ANTI-MASONIC  PARTY.  333 

without,  in  any  degree,  disturbing  the  equanimity  of  the  great  body  of 
the  nation :  that  men  of  ardent  imagination  and  temperament  had  so 
magnified  an  abuse  of  social  organization, — a  grievous  and  most  flagi- 
tious abuse,  we  admit — as  to  put  its  correction  above  all  other  duties 
connected  with  political  administration.  It  was  an  abuse  which  was 
already  corrected.  Its  discovery  was,  in  itself,  a  ftdl  and  absolute 
correction.     It  could  not  possibly  recur. 

The  organization  of  the  party  was  tainted  with  another  fatal  weak- 
ness. It  was,  in  its  very  conception,  an  exasperation  and  an  offence 
to  a  large  and  respectable  mass  of  upright  and  intelligent  citizens  of 
the  country — all  that  body  of  masons  who  were  as  ignorant  of  the 
New  York  outrage  as  they  were  innocent  of  the  principles  upon  which 
it  was  alleged  to  be  justified.  Nothing  could  reconcile  them,  under 
any  condition  of  things,  to  take  part  or  lot  in  the  movement  which 
was  now  conducted  under  the  name  of  the  new  candidate.  Not  even 
Mr.  "Wirt's  estimable  character,  his  great  talents,  his  gentle  and  just 
nature,  could  disarm  their  implacable  hostility.  The  result  proved 
all  this.  The  Anti-Masonic  force  was  insulated,  incapable  of  coalesc- 
ing with,  or  attracting  others.  It  was  short-lived  :  a  few  paroxysms 
of  political  effort,  in  subsequent  years,  were  followed  by  utter  dissolu- 
tion. The  country  heard  no  more  of  Morgan  abductions,  no  more  of 
masonic  persecutions.  Masons  are  now  inoffensive  citizens.  The 
discovery,  as  I  have  said,  was  an  effective  and  ample  remedy.  Parties 
of  the  same  kind  have  been  attempted  since.  Even  now  we  are  not 
without  them.     They  will  sink,  like  this  prototype,  into  oblivion. 

Every  one  who  observed  the  movement,  of  which  I  have  given  the 
history,  will  do  full  justice  to  the  sincerity  and  conscientiousness  of 
Mr.  Wirt's  whole  course  in  reference  to  it.  His  most  confidential 
letters,  from  which  I  have  made  extracts,  speak  the  honest  truth  of  a 
guileless  and  earnest  mind.  Happy  would  it  have  been  for  the 
country,  if  even  this  incident  had  elevated  such  a  mind  to  the  control 
of  its  affairs !  It  is  a  pleasant  subject  of  contemplation  to  see  such 
simplicity  of  character,  so  unpractised  in  the  tactics  of  political  man- 
agement, so  unskilled  in  counting  the  chances  of  the  adventui'c,  so 
direct  in  the  recognition  of  public  duty,  obeying  its  own  impulse  to  do 
what  is  right.     A  man  of  masterly  ability,  of  the  highest  cultivation 


334  THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT.  [1833—1834. 

of  mind  and  refinement  of  taste,  and  of  the  most  unaflFected  Tirtue,  in 
such  a  position,  is  a  rare  sight  in  any  government.  The  success  of 
such  a  man  in  any,  is  an  index  both  of  social  and  political  excellence 
to  which  few  nations  have  ever  attained — or,  having  attained,  have 
long  preserved. 


CHAPTER   XX. 

1833  —  1834. 

UNDERTAKES  TO  MAKE  A  SETTLEMENT   OF    GERMANS   IN   FLORIDA. 
MR.    GOLDSBOROUGH   TAKES    CHARGE  OF   IT. — PARTICULARS  OP 

THIS  ADVENTURE. HOPES   OF  SUCCESS. ITS  FAILURE. MR. 

WIRT's  HEALTH  VARIABLE. A  RE-NOMINATION  FOR  THE  PRESI- 
DENCY SUGGESTED.  —  MR.  WIRT's  ANSWER  TO  THIS. — NULLIFI- 
CATION.  LETTER  TO  CARR  ON  THE  RIGHT  OF  A  STATE  TO  SECEDE 

FROM    THE    UNION. LITERARY  SUBJECTS. LETTER  TO  CARR. 

ADVICE  TO  STUDENTS. CHRISTMAS  LETTERS. MR.  WIRT  VISITS 

WASHINGTON. — HIS  ILLNESS. — DEATH. — NOTICE  OF  THIS  EVENT 
BY  THE  SUPREME  COURT  AND  BY  CONGRESS. 

Mr.  Wirt  had  now  passed  his  sixtieth  year.  Many  a  pleasant 
vision  of  future  repose  had  fled  from  his  perspective :  many  a  day- 
dream of  afiluence  and  leisure  had  vanished.  Those  fond  fancies  of 
rural  comfort,  which  sparkle  so  pleasantly  through  his  correspondence 
— the  villa,  the  library,  the  grove, — 

"Moliia  prata,  gelidte   fontes,  vivoqiie 
Sedilia  saxo, — " 

these  captivating  castles  in  the  air  which  had  haunted  his  reveries  and 
beguiled  his  hopes  through  so  many  years  of  toil,  luring  him  with  the 
thought  of  a  happy  old  age  devoted  to  literature  and  friendship, — all 
these  had  sunk  before  the  sad  realities  of  disease,  incessant  labour, 
affliction,  public  care.  Religion  alone,  the  truest  guide  of  life,  the 
sincerest  friend  of  age,  made  good  the  promises  of  youth,  and  more 
than  accomplished  all  that  it  ever  led  him  to  hope.     There  was  no 


Chap.  XX.]  THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT.  335 

disappointment  which  it  did  not  indemnify,  no  grief  which  it  did  not 
compose. 

Through  nearly  forty  j^ears  of  devotion  to  professional  life,  the 
greater  jxirt  of  this  term  holding  eminent  position  at  the  bar,  he  had 
not  yet  amassed  sufficient  wealth  to  render  him  independent  of  labour. 
He  had  a  large  family.  Of  twelve  children,  eight  were  yet  alive. 
These  had  been  educated  with  every  advantage  which  the  country 
could  supply.  His  hospitality  was  liberal;  his  expense  was  neces- 
sarily large.  A  prosperous  practice  of  the  law,  under  these  circum- 
stances, left  him  no  great  residue  for  accumulation.  We  have  already 
adverted  to  the  establishment  of  his  son-in-law.  Judge  llandall,  in 
Florida.  Mr.  Wirt  had  purchased  large  ti'acts  of  land  there,  and  had 
long  indulged  the  hope  of  removing  to  that  region,  where,  in  its 
genial  climate  and  in  the  cultivation  of  its  fertile  soil,  he  might  enjoy 
the  comforts  of  a  serene  old  age.  His  second  daughter,  Elizabeth, 
had  recently  married  Lieutenant,  now  Captain  Louis  M.  Goldsborough, 
of  the  Navy  —  a  gentleman  who  deservedly  attracted  the  warmest 
affection  of  the  family  to  which  he  was  allied,  and  the  special  confi- 
dence and  esteem  of  the  father.  Upon  his  advice,  Mr.  Wirt  deter- 
mined to  make  the  experiment  of  settling  and  cultivating  his  Florida 
lands  with  a  large  number  of  German  emigrants.  It  is  only  neces- 
sary for  me  here  to  say,  that  the  experiment  was  made  at  considerable 
expense,  and  that  it  soon  proved  to  be  a  failure.  About  a  hundred 
and  fifty  emigrants  were  transported  to  the  settlement,  where,  after  a 
brief  sojourn,  they  faithlessly  abandoned  their  contracts  and  the  ser- 
vice they  had  undertaken  to  perform.  The  following  extracts  from 
the  correspondence  of  this  period,  will  furnish  some  amusing  and  in- 
structive insight  to  this  speculation : 

TO   JUDGE   RANDALL. 

Baltimore,  January  1,  1833. 

******* 

"  If  the  project  succceils,  there  will  be  a  safe  and  ready  and  peace- 
ful refuge  for  my  family  in  the  event  of  my  death. 

****** 

"  If  I  could  live  to  see  them  comfortably  established  on  their  own 
lands  in  Florida,  life  would  go  out  with  me  as  sweetly  as  a  babe 
sleeps.    Do  not  infer  from  this  that  I  am  in  ill  health  or  despondency. 


36  THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT.  [1833—1834. 

I  am  uncommonly  well  and  quite  cheery.  My  family  and  friends  are 
surprised  at  my  good  looks,  but  I  have  had  admonitions  enough,  by 
my  own  attacks  and  by  the  death  of  friends,  to  be  anxious  to  set  my 
house  in  order. 

*'  I  have  been  uneasy  for  several  years,  at  your  being  destitute  of 
churches  and  ministers  of  the  gospel,  and  am  rejoiced  to  hear  3'ou  are, 
at  last,  meditating  an  establishment  of  that  kind.  I  see  no  objection 
to  Episcopalians  and  Presbyterians  uniting  in  the  support  of  a  min- 
ister of  either  Church.  I  am  no  doctrinarian  —  but  I  hope  I  am  a 
Christian.  I  count  all  Christians,  of  whatever  denomination,  my 
brethren.  I  would  support  a  Baptist  or  Methodist,  if  he  were  a  good 
Christian  and  a  good  preacher,  as  soon  as  a  Presbyterian.  Nay,  I 
would  support  a  good  Homan  Catholic  preacher.  What  Christain 
would  hesitate  to  acknowledge  Massillon  for  a  brother  ?  A  sincere 
and  humble  Christian,  a  true  believer,  a  Christian  in  spirit  and  in 
truth,  is  all  that  I  care  for  in  religion.  If  to  this  be  added  such  a 
knowledge  of  the  English  language  as  will  enable  the  preacher  to 
speak  grammatically,  and  with  sensibility  enough  to  clothe  his  sub- 
ject with  interest  and  bring  it  warmly  to  the  heart,  I  would  have  all 
I  should  demand.  But,  for  so  many  children  to  be  growing  up  with- 
out ever  seeing  the  inside  of  a  Church,  or  hearing  the  word  of  God, 
or  having  that  most  interesting  of  all  subjects  impressed  on  their 
young  hearts,  is  most  afflicting  to  think  of.  I  can  scarcely  do  so  with- 
out tears.  If  I  lived  in  the  country,  I  would  have  family  pray- 
ers every  night  and  morning.  It  is  an  appropriate  mode  of  opening 
and  closing  the  day,  and  puts  the  heart  in  tine  tune,  either  for  busi- 
ness or  peaceful  repose.  It  has  so  excellent  an  effect,  too,  upon  chil- 
dren, to  see  their  parents  in  earnest  on  that  subject  of  eternal  conse- 
quence. Whereas,  seeing  those  they  so  much  revere,  living  without 
God  in  the  world,  is  an  example  of  the  most  awful  consecpences  both 
to  parent  and  child." 

*  *  *  "  *  ■?«•  * 

Washington,  January  29. 

*  *  *  "  There  are  many  Germans  of  sober 

and  industrious  habits,  walking  on  the  xVvenue  here.  They  have 
their  wives  and  children.  Many  of  them  are  mechanics,  carpenters, 
mill-wrights,  bricklayers,  &c.  How  would  it  do  to  send  a  hundred 
and  fifty  of  these  people  out,  under  Louis  Goldsborough,  to  work  my 
lands  on  shares?  Might  not  such  a  colony  be  made  profitable?  They 
would  have  no  negroes  mixed  with  them,  but  would  form  a  settle- 
ment of  their  own.  I  should  have  to  supply  a  year  or  two's  pro- 
vision, with  all  the  stock,  tools,  &c.  Such  an  establishment  has  suc- 
ceeded very  well  at  Lanark,  in  Scotland,  —  why  should  it  not  do 
here? 

"  I  am  extremely  desirous  to  get  out  of  the  gears  if  I  could.     It 


CHir.  XX.3 


A  GERMAN  COLONY. 


337 


is  time  I  should  do  so.     I  have  not  lived  a  lazy  life,  though,  under 
my  bad  management,  it  has  not  been  a  very  profitable  one." 


TO   MRS.   WIRT. 

Washinoton,  January  31. 

"Here  I  am  waiting  for  my  causes,  and,  meantime,  helping 

Louis  with  his  whaling  project,  as  he  calls  this  Gei-man  scheme.  The 
whaling  voyages,  he  says,  suggested  it  to  him.  The  only  pay  the 
sailor  gets  in  these  vo^'ages  is  what  they  call  a  lay  ;  that  is,  a  share 
of  the  profits.  And  yet  they  are  the  happiest  and  most  faithful  of 
seamen.  I  have  been  so  often  baffled  in  my  attempts  to  settle  our 
Florida  tract,  that  I  expect  the  same  disappointment  in  this  attempt. 
Yet  Louis  and  his  other  friends  are  so  sanguine  that  I  begin  to  sup- 
pose the  thing  may  be  possible.  I  oiFer  to  take  them  out  at  my  own 
expense,  support  them  till  the  plantation  will  maintain  them, — to  buy 
cattle,  hogs,  sheep,  &c.,  to  find  horses,  mules,  and  all  the  utensils 
necessary  to  the  plantation,  and  to  give  them  one-third  of  the  clear 
profits.  They  are  to  go  with  Louis,  and  to  be  placed  under  his  govern- 
ment and  direction.  Their  preacher,  a  Calvinist,  will  accompany 
them,  and  is  to  be  the  schoolmaster  for  their  children.  They  will 
form  a  fine  little  village  in  tbe  settlement,  with  their  gardens  in  the 
rear  of  their  dwellings,  a  broad  street  between,  and  a  church,  school- 
house,  and  parsonage  at  one  end.  In  short,  if  they  prove  faithful  and 
honest,  it  will  be  a  thriving  and  happy  estabHshment.  And  as  they 
will  be  well  educated,  intelligent,  moral  and  Christian,  it  will  be,  if 
Providence  blesses  the  design,  a  most  princely  establishment  for  you 
and  our  children.  It  is  a  part  of  the  arrangement  that  there  is  not 
to  be  a  black  on  the  place.  The  project  is  new  in  our  country,  looks 
rather  visionary,  and  very  like  one  of  the  castles  in  the  air ;  but  prac- 
tical men  here  think  it  must  succeed." 

February  4. 

"'Six  days  shalt  thou  labour,'  is  a  command  which  I,  at  least, 
have  no  power  to  disobey.  I  have  before  me  weeks  of  preparation  in 
the  mammoth,  cause  from  Florida,  but  as  there  is  a  cause  from  Penn- 
sylvauia  on  the  anvil,  that  threatens  to  take  a  week,  I  may  '  lay  on' 
without  int<}rruption  from  the  court.  The  only  danger  will  be  from 
my  Wirtembcrg  vision,  of  which  my  day-dreams  are  beginning  to  be 
informed,  in  spite  of  m}-  philosophy,  which  has  been  so  well  discip- 
lined to  disappointment.  I  shall  not  feel  on  terra  Jirma  in  this  pro- 
ject till  the  people  all  get  out,  and  I  hear  that  they  are  comfortably 
settled  and  well  pleased.  Putting  aside  all  notions  of  splendour  and 
magnificence,  which  we  ought  not  to  desire,  it  caimot  be  otherwise, 
if  the  country  continues  healthy,  than  a  comfortable  asylum  both  for 

Vol.  IL— 29  w 


338  THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT.  [1833—1834. 

them  and  ns.  With  abundance  and  peace,  and  the  neighbourhood 
of  those  good,  simple-hearted  creatures,  with  their  German  hymns  and 
their  church  and  school,  their  bands  of  instrumental  music  of  a  sum- 
mer evening,  their  rosy-cheeked  children  and  laughing  faces  blessing 
and  blessed  by  them,  I  could  not  close  my  days  more  comfortably  to 
myself  than  surrounded  by  them  and  my  own  family.  '  But  no 
visions,  Mr.  Wirt.  It  may  vanish  in  three  days  like  a  dream.  You 
are  not  on  terra  firma  y-et.  The  bog  is  shaking  under  your  feet,  and 
may  play  you  a  Bride  of  Lammermoor  trick.'  Very  true,  Mr. 
Croaker.  But  it  may  also  prove  a  land  of  flowers  —  a  Florida  —  an 
oasis  in  the  desert.  So,  heads  up,  eyes  bright,  and  hearts  firm,  trust- 
ing in  God.     '  'Tis  ours  only  to  draw  the  bow;  it  is  his  to  direct  the 


arrow.'  " 


TO   JUDGE    RANDALL. 

February  4. 
"  'Sir.  Muhlenberg,  a  member  of  Congress  from  Pennsylvania, 
himself  of  German  extraction,  and  well  acquainted  with  the  character 
of  those  people  from  the  south  of  Germany,  thinks  the  plan  an  excel- 
lent one,  and  is  only  astonished  that  the  gentlemeia  of  Virginia  had 
not  thought  of  it  sooner.  He  says  he  can  anticipate  but  two  objec- 
tions. First,  of  climate;  and  second,  the  ignorance  of  these  people 
in  the  culture  of  sugar  and  cotton ;  both  of  which  objections  being 
overcome  to  his  satisfaction,  he  says,  in  concert  with  every  other 
person  to  whom  the  plan  has  been  explained,  that  it  must  succeed. 
I  drew  out  the  plan  in  writing,  in  five  or  six  folio  pages,  of  which  the 
German  minister  made,  in  one  night,  a  German  translation.  This 
man  has  only  been  in  this  country  since  October,  yet  his  translation, 
Mr.  Muhlenberg  says,  is  not  only  accurate  but  beautiful.    This  proves 

the  Rev.  Mr.  Mohl  to  be  a  fine  German  scholar. 

******* 

"  I  have  guarded  against  elopement  as  well  as  I  can.     My  plan  is 

cast  with  reference  to  this  apprehension.    I  have  them  all  of  the  same 

religion  —  Protestants  —  and  from  the  same  German  province,  or  the 

neighbouring  one  of  Bavaria.     I  send  out  their  preacher  with  them, 

who  is  to  be,  at  once,  their  pastor  and  schoolmaster.     They  are  to  be 

established  in  a  village  form.     Before  they  move,  all  the  adults  are 

to  be  bound  by  covenant  for  five  years ;  all  the  children  till  twenty-one. 

There  is  a  distinct  provision  that  Mr.  Goldsborough  shall  always  hold 

back  their  share  of  the  profits  for  one  year,  which  they  are  to  forfeit 

by  infidelity  to  their  engagements.      But,  chiefly,  it  is  made  their 

interest  to  stay  and  to  be  honest  and  industrious,  by  having  every 

thing  found  for  them,  being  sure  of  a  support  in  a  delightful  climate, 

and  having  one-third  of  the  profits.     I  do  not  suppose  the  experiment 

will  cost  me  more  than  six  or  eight  thousand  dollars." 

*  *  .  *  *  * 


Chap.  XX.] 


THE  PLAN  OF  IT. 


339 


Washington,  February  17. 
"  Vessels  are  every  hour  expected  from  New  Orleans,  and  I  suppose 
Goldsborough  will  take  the  first  that  arrives.  He  is  making  his  selec- 
tion of  the  German  fiimilies  with  great  deliberation,  and  has  as  yet 
but  fourteen  families  under  covenant;  but  they  are  pressing  upon 
him  so  anxiously  that  he  has  no  doubt  he  could  get  two  boat-loads, 
in  Baltimore  alone ;  besides  the  importunities  of  Germans  here,  who 
follow  him  to  Baltimore." 

****** 


TO    LOUIS    M.    GOLDSBOROUGH. 

Washington,  February  15. 
"  I  thank  you,  my  dear  Louis,  for  the  cheering  intelligence  you 
continue  to  give  me.  Governor  Call  likes  our  plan.  If  the  Germans 
continue  faithful,  it  is,  he  admits,  a  great  and  splendid  enterprise. 
He  says  it  is  a  fine  country  for  silk,  with  plenty  of  white  mulberries ; 
fine,  too,  for  vines ;  and  he  recommends  your  carrying  out  a  plenty 
of  slips  of  the  grape-vine  of  all  kinds.  I  observed  to  him  that  I  had 
but  poor  encouragement  to  form  an  establishment  in  Florida,  as  I 
believed  no  great  success  had  yet  attended  any  of  the  adventurers. 
To  which  he  answered,  that  everybody  had  succeeded  who  deserved 
to  succeed." 


February  16. 
"I  have  one  thing  to  impress  on  you.  Don't  suffer  this  enterprise 
to  weigh  too  heavily  on  your  mind.  We  all  know  that  you  will  do 
your  best.  We  all  know  it  may  fail  without  the  slightest  negligence 
or  omission  on  yom-  part.  Every  human  project  depends  on  so  many 
thousand  contingencies,  against  which  no  thought,  sagacity,  or  pru- 
dence can  guard,  that  no  man  or  woman  of  sense  is  surprised  at  the 
failure  of  any  thing.  The  surprise  ought  rather  to  be  that  any  thing 
succeeds.  I  am  only  half  an  adviser  in  such  matters,  but  you  are  a 
capital  executive  officer  as  well  as  adviser.  Therefore,  if  you  should 
get  disappointed  in  the  Germans,  or  any  thing  else,  don't  suffer  it  to 
annoy  you.  Come  what  will,  you  are  sure  of  my  approbation  and 
gratitude,  and  that  of  all  my  family." 


February  18. 
"  Ought  we  not  to  have  as  many  German  primers  and  spelling- 
books  and  psalters,  as  we  have  children  to  be  taught  ?     Also,  slates 
and  pencils  and  some  coarse  writing-paper  for  their  copy-books  ?     I 
cannot  but  hope  that  Mohl  will  prove  a  comfort  and  auxiliary  to  you. 


no 


THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT. 


[1S33— 1834. 


I  wish  the  colony  to  be  a  Christian  one,  as  sincere  and  earnest  in  their 
religion  as  industrious  in  their  work." 


* 


February  22. 
"  I  am  very  glad  of  what  you  tell  me  of  M.,  and  very  willing  to 
believe  your  opinion  correct.  I  much  fear  his  clerical  profession  is  a 
mere  college  trade  for  a  living,  and  both  he  and  his  eountrj'men  and 
women  too  much  of  Gnomes  for  that  spiritual  piety  I  should  like  to 
see  flourishino;  in  our  little  settlement.  I  want  no  cantinc,  nor  rant- 
iug,  nor  bawling  there,  nor  yet  specious  sentimentality  in  religion  for 
beauty's  sake  or  show's  sake;  but  that  quiet,  deep-seated,  earnest 
spirit  which,  without  any  noisy  professions,  discovers  itself  only  in  the 
life  of  the  party." 

*  *  -Sfr  *  *  * 

February  28. 
" '  The  course  of  true  love  never  did  run  smooth,'  nor  the  course 
of  anything  else  that  belongs  to  man.  It  is  not  only  unwise,  but 
absurd,  to  fret  ourselves  at  the  happening  or  not  happening  of  any- 
thing that  depends  on  winds  and  waves. — I  have  no  doubt  you  did 
right  to  make  the  advances  to  our  Germans.  Indeed,  I  do  not  see 
how  it  could  have  been  avoided  consistently  with  humanity  and  jus- 
tice.— As  for  me,  I  thought  in  the  beginning  we  were  going  off  too 
swimmingly  for  it  to  last.  So,  I  am  not  sm-prised  by  any  cross-but- 
tocking,  on  my  own  account ;  and  I  hope  3'ou  will  make  up  your  mind 
to  bear  it  calmly.  I  feel  more  for  you  than  for  myself,  because  you 
are  young  and  ardent,  and  not  accustomed,  as  I  am,  to  the  thwarting 
of  these  adverse  land  currents." 


* 


* 


* 


* 


TO    JUDGE   RANDALL. 

Washixgtox,  March  8. 

Gold.sborough  has  been  most  wofully  detained  in  Baltimore,  by  the 
want  of  a  vessel.  After  selecting  and  engaging  his  colony,  and  com- 
pleting his  preparations,  he  was  kept  in  Baltimore  between  two  and 
three  weeks,  and  finally  went  to  New  York,  to  try  to  get  a  vessel  there. 
You  may  rely  upon  it,  when  he  gets  out  he  will  make  everything  fly 
and  glow  around  him  ;  and  out  he  will  be,  as  fast  as  a  vessel  can  carry 
him. — God  knows  I  have  been  too  much  and  too  long  accustomed  to 
disappointments,  to  hope  very  sanguiuely  for  anything  hereafter.  My 
health  has  been  much  better  this  winter  than  for  several  winters  past. 
I  am  not  much  more  than  half  the  size  I  was  at  forty.  My  spirits, 
though  not  boisterous,  as  once  they  were,  are  good  and  almost  buoyant. 
The  blow  struck  on  my  heart,  two  loinlers  ago,  I  shall  never  get  over; 


Chap.  XX.] 


THE  GERMAN  COLONY. 


341 


nor  can  I  sntj  I  uusli  to  gel  over  it.  It  has  thrown  a  cloud  on  my  life 
that  I  should  deem  it  sacrilege  to  dispel  if  I  could ;  for  [  look  upon 
it  very  much  like  that  cloud  which  rested,  of  old^  on  the  tabernacle 
of  Israel,  to  attest  the  presence  of  God.  It  brings  me  into  the  imme- 
diate society  of  Heaven  whenever  I  cast  my  eyes  upon  it.  It  is, 
therefore,  salutary  to  my  soul,  and  it  does  not  afflict  me  as  it  did.  I 
am,  indeed,  often  surprised  at  my  own  cheerfulness,  and  sometimes  a 
little  ashamed  of  my  levity.  If  I  were  in  Florida  I  might  be  as 
undignitied  as  I  please,  without  censure,  save  from  myself.  3Iy  brain, 
I  can  tell  you,  is  teeming  with  dreams  of  what  may  3-et  be  done,  if  I 
live  to  get  established  amongst  you. 

***** 


Baltimore,  ]\Iarch  22. 
To-day,  at  last,  ''post  varios  casus"  and  about  half-after  one,  "  the 
Laurel,"  Goldsborough's  brig,  sailed  with  a  fine  smacking  breeze  from 
the  west.  His  colony,  about  one  hundred  and  fifty  souls,  were  all  in 
fine  spirits.  They  seemed  already  to  be  greatly  attached  to  him ;  and 
they  will  be  more  and  more  so,  the  more  they  know  of  him — as  you 
all  will.  A  truer,  nobler,  kinder,  braver  fellow  never  lived.  I  never 
doubted  the  lion  part  of  his  composition,  but  I  never  saw  so  much  of 
the  lamb  till  within  the  last  few  days.  To  know  him  and  not  to  love 
him,  is  impossible  for  man  or  woman  who  has  a  head  and  heart;  the 
more  they  have  of  both,  the  more  they  will  love  him. 


Youi's,  affectionately, 


Wm.  Wirt. 


After  the  departure  of  the  colony,  and  before  their  arrival,  the  next 
letter  was  despatched  by  mail  to  Tallahassee. 


TO    LOUIS   M.   GOLDSBOROUGH. 


My  dear  Louis-: 


Baltimore,  March  30,  1833. 


****** 
Your  argosy  is  so  richly  freighted  with  human  lives,  that  we  shall 
be  exceedingly  solicitous  till  we  hear  of  your  being  on  terra  firnia 
again.  When  I  learn  you  have  got  your  colony  in  Wirtland,  and  that 
your  Germans  are  busily  and  cheerfully  engaged  in  building  their 
village,  I  shall  feel  greatly  relieved  and  comparatively  secure.  Every 
cabin,  with  its  garden  and  milch  cow,  will  be  a  new  anchor  to  wind 
ward.  And  when  the  church  and  school-house  are  built,  and  theii 
children  are  going  to  school,  and  their  own  pots  boiling  merrily,  I 
shall  consider  them,  and  your  project,  safe  in  dry-dock.  The  predic- 
tions are  generally  unfavourable  to  your  success,  but  it  is  by  those  who 
29* 


342 


THE  FLORIDA  SETTLEMENT. 


[1833—1834. 


do  not  understand  your  plan,  and  judge  of  it  by  the  general  conduct 
of  German  redemptioners  only.  Ours  are  not  redemptioners,  but 
partners  in  trade ;  and  I  argue  more  favourably  of  the  result.  Let 
them  have  no  complaint  on  the  score  of  plenty  and  comfort,  and  I 
think  all  "will  go  well.  But  -whether  it  does  or  not,  m}'  anxiety,  my 
dear  Louis,  is  that  you  should  not  j:)ermit  yourself  either  to  be  grieved 
or  fretted  about  it.  All  that  can  be  asked  of  mortal  man  is  to  do  his 
best,  as  I  am  sure  you  will  do.  We  cannot  command  success — we 
can  only  deserve  it,  Addison  says.  If  the  results  do  not  correspond 
with  our  wishes,  it  would  be  the  merest  folly  to  fret  ourselves  about  it. 
Remember  that  our  great  object  is  to  get  as  much  clearing  done 
by  these  Germans  as  possible  the  first  3'ear,  so  as  to  make  sure  of 
reimbursing  ourselves  the  cost  of  their  transportation  and  support. 
Push  that  object,  therefore,  as  far  as  it  can  safely  be  pushed.  Mean- 
time, I  would  suggest  the  propriety  of  doing  every  thing  for  their 
recreation  that  can  be  done  compatibly  with  industry.  I  would  even 
promote  their  festivity  and  enjoyment.  I  would  ask  them  to  give  me 
a  specimen  of  the  rustic  waltz  of  Germany,  and  encourage  music, 
dancing  and  all  innocent  amusements.  Let  the  boys  play  leap-frog, 
prison  baste  and  ball  in  the  street,  or  court,  or  Campus  Martius,  be- 
tween the  houses  of  the  village,  for  the  entertainment  of  their  parents. 
Set  some  of  them,  in  their  leisure,  to  making  Alp-horns  for  your  shep- 
herds. All  these  things  will  serve  to  knit  their  hearts  to  the  place, 
by  multiplj'ing  their  local  associations  and  strengthening  their  grega- 
rious propensities  to  their  own  particular  society.  There  is  nothing 
so  exhilarating  as  the  song  of  healthful,  cheerful  industry ;  and  I  hope 
to  hear  your  people  are  too  happy  to  be  disposed  to  separate,  either 
from  each  other  or  from  you.  You  will  have  to  exercise  your 
authority,  occasionally,  to  settle  their  little  disputes  and  keep  them  in 
good-humour  with  each  other.  This,  done  gent!}-,  kindly  and  firmly, 
will  make  them  all  revere  and  love  you  the  more. 


Yours,  affectionately, 


Wm.  Wirt. 


After  a  long  voyage,  some  danger  of  shipwreck,  and  a  rough  time, 
the  adventurers  arrived  safely  on  the  land  of  their  labours. 

On  the  30th  of  April  we  have  another  letter  to  3Ir.  Goldsborough. 

"  I  cannot  tell  you,  my  dear  Louis,  how  happy  and  how  grateful 
this  morning's  mail  has  made  us ;  for  it  brought  two  letters  announcing 
your  arrival. — 'What  a  time  3-ou  have  had  of  it !  Six  days  on  the 
Grand  Bank,  near  the  Hole  in  the  Wall ! — And  vou  all  came  safe 

ashore,  except  the  poor  little  canary-bird,  which  E takes  it  for 

granted  is  now  M-arbliug  away,  and  "dancing  canary"  in  the  West 


CiiAr.  XX.] 


THE  GERMAN  COLONY. 


343 


Indies. — We  are  all  delighted  with  your  care  and  attention  to  the 
Germans,  and  their  civility,  contentment  and  good  behaviour  through- 
out the  voyage.  I  begin  to  feel  increasing  confidence  in  their  adhe- 
rence to  you. 

"  I  have  nothing  to  boast  of  in  the  way  of  improved  health.  My 
weight  has  sunk  from  two  hundred  and  twenty-five  pounds  to  one 
hundred  and  sixty.  I  am  looking  out  for  a  trip  this  summer,  either 
to  Europe  or  the  White  Sulphur.  The  Philadelphia  physicians 
recommend  the  former.  Dr.  Buckler  doubts  whether  the  "^N'hite 
Sulphur  may  not  answer  as  well.  I  have  more  confidence  in  our  own 
mountains  and  waters.  One  of  my  strongest  objections  to  the  trip  to 
Europe  is  the  separation  from  my  children  and  from  you  and  your 
enterprise. 

****** 
Yoiu's,  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt." 

This  is  the  history,  so  far,  of  an  Arcadian  dream.  There  is  no 
incident  in  the  life  of  Mr.  Wirt  that  so  fully  develops  his  character  as 
this  Florida  adventure.  We  read  in  it  his  benevolence,  his  gentle- 
ness, his  sanguine  temperament  checked  by  a  wholesome  experience, 
his  delight  in  the  fancy  of  human  happiness  connected  with  rural  life 
and  simple  pleasui'es,  his  generous  judgment  of  men,  his  religious  dis- 
trust of  worldly  success,  and  his  perfect  resignation  to  whatever  may 
happen.  It  is  the  vision  of  a  patriarch  and  the  reverie  of  a  poet : — 
the  most  sedate,  the  most  real  and  the  most  elaborate  of  the  many 
fancies  which  had  been  pictured  vipou  his  mind  from  the  days  of  his 
boyhood.  No  one  will  read  the  brief  sketch  of  this  scheme,  which  I 
have  extracted  from  his  letters,  without  an  increased  regard  for  the 
character  of  the  projector. 

The  end  of  this  enterprise  is  comically  told  in  a  brief  passage  from 
the  next  letter,  written  to  Goldsborough  within  three  months  after  the 
landing  of  the  pilgrims  of  Wirtland. 


White  Sulphur  Springs,  July  18,  1833. 
My  dear  Louis  : 

With  regard  to  the  Germans,  considering  what  kind  of  cattle  they 
have  proved  to  be,  I  am  so  far  from  lamenting  their  desertion,  that  I 
think  it  quite  a  happy  riddance.  I  hold,  as  to  them,  pretty  much  the 
opinion  of  that  sage  and  learned  Theban,  Dogberry,  which  he  gives 
in  his  charge  to  the  watch — "  You  shall  comprehend  all  vagrom  men : 
you  are  to  bid  them  stand  in  the  Prince's  name." — "  How,  if  he  will 


344 


ITS  RESULT. 


[1833—1834. 


not  stand  ?" — "  Why,  then,  take  no  note  of  him,  and  let  him  go,  and 
thank  God  you  are  rid  of  a  knave."  Never  mind  the  affair.  It  is 
only  one  of  "our  castles"  tumbled  down.  I  am  so  used  to  such 
things  that  I  am  rather  more  disposed  to  laugh  than  to  weep  at  them. 
Thank  Heaven,  there  are  no  bones  broke  in  the  way  of  pecuniary 
loss !  We  had,  at  least  the  foresight  to  anticipate  such  a  result,  and 
to  take  care  to  make  the  experiment  as  cheaply  as  possible.  I  am 
sorry  for  your  disappointment.  But  regrets  are  vain.  The  thing  has 
been  done.  We  must  not  be  unnerved  by  the  disappointment,  but 
provide  as  vigorously  as  we  can  to  meet  the  future. 

Good  wishes  to  the  Messrs.  Mohl  and  all  the  faithful  among  the 

^"■™^^s-  Yours  affectionately, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

To  Judge  Randall  he  writes  on  the  29th  of  July : 

"  As  to  tl^e  Germans,  I  am  prepared  now  to  write  a  treatise  De 
Moribus  Gcrmanorum. 

"  I  wonder  how  Louis  has  been  able  to  bear  up  under  it.  I  am 
infinitely  more  sorry  on  his  account  than  my  own.  I  know  how  much 
he  had  it  at  heart,  and  how  sanguinely  he  counted  on  success, 
which  I  never  did.  I  know  that  if  prudence,  address,  kindness  or 
firmness  could  have  prevented  this  disaster,  it  would  have  been  pre- 
vented, for  I  have  a  very  high  opinion  of  his  good  management. 
But,  at  last,  what  is  it,  but  one  of  those  disappointments  to  which  we 
are  continually  exposed?  I  have  read  in  some  book  'that  life  is 
nothing  more  than  a  succession  of  bloated  hopes  and  withering  dis- 
appointments.' The  expression  is  somewhat  too  strong,  for  there  is 
certainly  some  present  enjoyment  in  life.  I  have  had  my  share  of  it. 
But  there  is  rather  too  much  truth  in  the  saying,  and  too  many  and 
constant  practical  demonstrations  of  it,  for  a  wise  man  to  grieve  long 
and  deeply  at  any  disappointment  of  worldly  interest  that  can  befal 
him.  Without  any  pretensions  to  so  high  a  character,  I  think  I  can 
assui-e  3'ou  that  this  affliir  will  not  leave  a  scar  on  my  brain  or  my 
heart.  Indeed,  the  explosion  has  been  so  quick  and  so  complete,  and 
there  is  something  so  droll  in  those  rascals  having  gone  so  far  to  play 
so  ridiculous  a  caper,  that  it  seems  to  me  rather  more  laughable  than 
cryable ;  and  much  the  strongest  tendency  I  feel  is  to  laugh,  until  I 
remember  Louis's  disappointment  and  mortification.  However,  this 
is  all  unavailing.  The  die  is  cast,  and  we  must  abide  the  hazard 
manfully.  We  can  but  fail,  and  as  Mrs.  G.  used  to  say — '  We  shall 
all  get  through  the  world  somehow  or  other.' " 

We  retm-n  now  briefly  to  notice  an  event  connected  with  Mr.  Wirt's 
last  appearance  in  a  political  position  before  the  country. 


Chap.  XX.] 


A  RE-NOMINATION  PROPOSED. 


34i 


As  soon  as  the  result  of  the  Presidential  election  was  proclaimed 
in  November,  of  the  last  year,  a  leading  press  in  the  confidence  of 
the  Anti-Masonic  party,  once  more  presented  his  name  as  the  proper 
Presidential  candidate  for  1836.  We  may  suppose  that  such  a  nomi- 
nation would  find  but  little  favour  with  him,  after  his  experience  in 
the  last  canvass.  When  the  Providence  American,  which  had  made 
this  suggestion,  came  to  his  view,  he  immediately  wrote  an  answer 
which  was  published  in  that  paper,  and  soon  after  circulated  through- 
out the  United  States. 

"I  consider  the  nomination  which  I  accepted" — he  says  in  this 
answer — "  as  having  been  finally  disposed  of  by  the  recent  election  : 
and  the  same  sentiment  of  deference  which,  under  the  circumstances 
of  the  case,  led  me  to  yield  my  own  wishes  to  those  of  a  portion  of 
my  fellow-citizens,  now  binds  me,  with  increased  obligation,  to  acqui- 
esce in  the  decision  of  the  whole  which  has  been  made  upon  it. 

"  Should  the  question  (of  re-nomination)  ever  be  put  for  my  deci- 
sion, I  shall  answer  it  according  to  my  sense  of  duty  as  a  citizen  of 
the  United  States.  I  know  of  no  legitimate  pui-pose  of  such  a  nomi- 
nation but  the  election  of  a  President  for  the  common  good  and  hap- 
piness of  the  country.  In  my  former  letter  of  acceptance,  I  said 
distinctly,  I  could  never  consent  to  be  the  President  of  a  party  j  and 
the  same  sentiment  will  continue  to  influence  mc  in  any  future  deci- 
sion I  may  be  called  to  make  on-  this  subject.  Meantime  there  are 
other  subjects  of  fearful  magnitude,  that  press  themselves  on  the  im- 
mediate attention  of  the  patriot,  and  demand  all  his  solicitude.  The 
Union  itself  is  in  danger;  and  the  signs  of  the  times  render  it  pro- 
blematical whether  it  may  be  the  will  of  Heaven  that  we  shall  ever 
have  another  Presidential  election  under  the  present  Constitution  of 
the  United  States.  I  pretend  to  no  right  to  control  the  press  in  the 
selection  of  its  topics.  But  I  may  rightfully  desire  to  have  it  under- 
stood that,  at  such  a  time  as  this,  and  under  the  circumstances  of 
public  anxiety  and  alarm  which  surround  us,  I  take  no  pleasure,  but 
the  reverse,  in  seeing  my  name  the  renewed  subject  of  newspaper  dis- 
cussion for  a  purpose  so  remote  and  so  contingent.  I  am  sensible  of 
the  favourable  regard  which,  I  have  no  doubt,  prompted  your  article, 
and  am  grateful  for  it.  But  I  should  lose  all  self-respect  if,  at  such 
a  time  and  under  such  circumstances,  I  could  be  thinking  of  myself 


346 


NULLIFICATION. 


[1833—1834. 


or  sanction,  by  my  silence,  what  seems  to  be  so  very  unseasonable  an 
obtrusion  of  my  name  on  the  consideration  of  the  public. 

"  There  is  already  far  too  much  of  exasperated  feeling  among  our 
people  from  other  causes  of  immediate  and  unavoidable  pressure.  The 
efforts  of  every  true  friend  of  our  coimtry  should  be  directed  to  the 
great  jxirpose  of  conciliation  and  peace.  Instead,  therefore,  of  open- 
ing a  new  source  of  excitement  by  the  premature  discussion  of  the 
subject  of  the  next  election,  I  am  more  disposed  to  unite  in  an  en- 
deavour to  shut  up  those  other  fountains  that  are  already  sending  out 
their  bitter  waters  so  freely  among  us,  and  to  see  if  it  be  not  possible 
to  bring  back  something  like  that  state  of  great  and  disinterested  love 
of  coiintry  and  fraternal  concord,  in  which  the  war  of  the  Revolution 
left  us,  and  the  Federal  Constitution  found  us.  It  was  that  auspicious 
state  of  things  which  made  the  introduction  of  free  government  so 
easy  and  its  action  hitherto  so  prosperous.  I  indulge  in  no  romantic 
expectation  of  the  return  of  that  golden  age.  But  unless  something 
effectual  can  be  done  to  allay  the  agitation  which  has  already  arisen, 
and  bring  our  people  to  a  kinder  state  of  feeling,  it  requires  no  great 
stretch  of  political  sagacity  to  see  that  our  institutions  will  rush  to 
speedy  ruin.'' 

The  allusion  to  the  ferment  of  the  public  mind,  at  this  period, 
refers  to  that  melo-drama  of  nullification  which  was  then  approaching 
its  most  intense  and  stirrina;  act.  On  the  11th  of  December  1832, 
the  celebrated  proclamation  of  General  Jackson  was  issued,  and  both 
of  the  great  political  parties  of  the  day  were  agitated  by  an  earnest 
discussion  of  the  events  to  which  it  referred  and  the  principles  which 
it  upheld.  ''The  Resolutions  of  Ninety-Eight"  were  in  danger. 
The  blow  which  struck  them  came  from  a  friendly  hand.  "  Et  tu, 
Brute  ."'  was  the  imprecation  of  many  a  liege-man  of  the  President. 
"  The  Proclamation"  and  the  "  Resolutions  of  Ninety-Eight"  were 
at  the  very  opposite  extremes  of  the  swing  of  the  pendulum  of  politi- 
cal doctrine.  Nullification  had  the  magic  in  it  to  unite  these  antago- 
nisms, in  the  persons  of  all  the  loyal  who  enjoyed  the  favom-  or  con- 
fidence of  the  great  Anti-nullifier.  The  right  of  a  State  to  secede 
from  the  Union  became  a  popular  topic  of  discussion  in  all  circles. 
Every  juvenile  debating  society  had  as  much  to  say  to  it  as  the  gra- 
vest politicians.     Many  new  and  subtle  distinctions  came  in  vogue. 


Chap.  XX] 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


347 


Politics  grew  strangely  metaphysical.  Out  of  all  this  ferment,  mis- 
chief might  have  arisen,  if  General  Jackson,  with  dexterous  address, 
had  not  tempered  the  high  doctrines  of  the  proclamation  with  a  prac- 
tical abandonment  of  the  tariff,  and  thus  furnished  an  occasion,  which 
Mr.  Clay,  still  more  dexterously,  used  to  the  consummation  of  that 
great  measure  of  pacification,  the  Compromise,— by  which  the  South 
surrendered,  for  ten  years,  the  question  of  contention.  This  com- 
promise closed  a  triangular  war,  by  disarming  the  President,  satisfying 
the  friends  of  the  protective  system,  and  soothing  the  pride  of  the 
nullifiers. 

The  following  letter  contains  a  dissertation  on  the  engrossing  topic 
of  the  day,  which  even  at  the  present  time,  is  worth  perusal. 


TO  JUDGE  CARR. 

Baltimore,  Sunday,  January  6,  1833. 
My  dear  Friend: 

I  have  been  wishing  to  write  to  you  for  some  time.  But  although 
I  have  risen  early — at  five, — and  lain  down  late  —  at  eleven  and 
twelve, — yet  I  have  fnmd  no  leisure  to  do  so.  I  am  obliged,  at  last, 
to  invade  this  holy  day  rather  than  be  longer  silent — if  cultivating 
feelings  of  friendship  and  love  towards  a  brother  be  invading  it. 
^  ^  *  As  to  being  astounded  by  the  aforesaid  momen- 

tous events,  I  have  seen  such  chopping  and  changing,  and  degeneracy, 
and  want  of  national  as  well  as  of  individual  faith  and  honour,  that  I 
am  not  easily  astounded  at  anything. 

I  believe  the  affair  of  South  Carolina  will  soon  blow  over.     I  have 
never  thouglit  they  would  go  the  length  of  dissolution.     If  theij  are 
mad,  the  majority  of  the  people  of  the  United  States  are  cool  and 
sober,  and  in  perfect  good  humour — more  disposed  to  pity  the  Quixotes 
of  the  South  than  to  quarrel  with   thoiu.     The   President  "talked 
big,"  but,  you  see,  they  are  giving  Carolina  what  she  asks,  in  the  vir- 
tual repeal  of  the  whole  tariff  system.     This  is  wliat  I  have  thought, 
from  the  beginning,  would  be  done.     It  is  a  bad  example  for  the  other 
States,  but  better,  perhaps,  than  a  civil  war  in  defence  of  a  policy 
which  the  States  south  of  Potomac  have  condi'mneil.      (^ur  Govern- 
ment depends  so  much  on  the  confidence  and  affections  of  the  people ; 
and  there  are  so  many  fruitful  topics  of  jealousy  and  quarrel  among 
States  scattered  over  such  an  extent  of  country,  so  various  in  soil,  cli- 
mate and  pursuits,  that  we  need  never  expect  any  very  cordial  peace 
and  love  among  our  people,  nor  a  very  strong  and  continued  course  of 
policy  in  any  direction,  however  wise  and  judicious.     A  few  years 
ago,  internal  improvement  and  the  encouragement  of  domestic  manu- 


348  SECESSION  OF  A  STATE.  [1833—1834. 

facturcs  were  all  the  rage.  It  was  the  universal  passion  at  the  close 
of  the  war.  The  war  itself  and  its  wants  had  taught  us  wisdom. 
The  lesson  lasted  for  five  or  six  years ; — but  it  is  gone.  Now,  from 
the  President  down,  the  disposition,  the  universal  cry  seems  to  be 
"  Down  with  the  Federal  Government — up  with  the  States." 

As  to  the  right  of  a  State  to  secede  from  the  Union,  I  do  not  recol- 
lect to  have  ever  heard  it  made  a  subject  of  discussion  in  the  high 
times  of  '98-9  and  1800, — and,  consequently,  never  heard  the  denial 
of  the  right  to  secede  treated  as  a  high  federal  doctrine.  I  cannot, 
however,  distinguish  between  the  right  of  secession  and  the  right  of 
revolution.  No  one,  federalist  or  democrat,  or  even  monarchist,  has 
ever  denied  the  right  of  revolution  when  the  social  compact  is  violated 
to  the  intolerable  oppression  of  a  part  of  the  country.  We,  who  only 
became  a  nation  by  the  assertion  of  that  right,  ought  to  be  the  last  to 
dispute  it.  All  will  agree  that  there  are  extreme  cases  of  oppression 
which  may  be  imagined,  and  in  which  revolution  is  not  only  a  right 
but  a  duty.  But  who  shall  judge  when  such  an  extreme  case  has 
occurred, — the  oppressed  or  the  oppressor?  If  the  latter,  it  is  easy 
to  see  that  no  revolution  will  ever  be  permitted ; — for  the  case  will 
never  be  admitted  to  have  occurred.  If  the  former,  the  danger  is  (as 
is  now  the  case  in  South  Carolina,)  that  passion  will  too  often  take 
the  place  of  reason,  and  the  case  will  be  continually  thought  or  alleged 
to  have  occurred.  But  in  all  revolution,  the  oppressed  has  necessarily 
taken  it  upon  himself  to  decide, — and  has  brought  on  the  struggle. 
The  oppressor  has  never  admitted  the  oppression,  nor  let  go  his  hold. 
War  has  ensued — and  it  has  been  a  subdued  rebellion  or  a  successful 
revolution,  according  to  the  event.  That  South  Carolina  has  ever  had 
cause  for  secession  I  have  never  believed.  But  on  the  abstract  ques- 
tion of  the  right  of  a  State  to  secede,  the  argument  of  the  proclama- 
tion is  not  so  demonstrative  as  I  wished  to  have  found  it.  You  have 
distilled  the  strength  of  the  strongest  part  of  it  in  your  letter.  A 
State  cannot  tear  herself  away  from  the  Union  without  tearing  out  the 
heart-strings  of  the  other  States.  If  this  be  true,  and  a  State  con- 
siders secession  a  question  of  life  or  death,  there  being  no  common 
umpire  between  them,  there  is  no  alternative  but  force  or  submission 
on  the  one  side  or  the  other.  On  a  general  question,  I  think  it  hv 
more  probable  that  the  one  or  the  other  will  submit,  than  that  civil 
war  should  ensue.  The  Union  is  held  in  too  high  value  by  all  the 
States  to  be  parted  with  on  a  mere  question  of  policy.  I  believe  that 
the  majority  would  put  up  with  any  policy  sooner  than  to  run  the 
hazard  of  disunion  or  civil  war.  T  do  not  know  that  we  can  come  to 
any  satisfactory  conclusion  as  to  the  right  of  secession.  We  must 
admit  the  right  in  a  case  of  extreme  oppression.  When  the  question 
is  one  of  life  or  death,  self-defence  becomes  the  fost  law  of  nature, 
and  all  will  recognize  the  right  of  a  State,  in  such  a  case,  to  save  her- 
self, if  she  can.     On  the  other  hand,  if  one  State^  in  the  eifort  to  save 


CiiAr.  XX.]  THE  RIGHT  TO  SECEDE.  349 

herself,  will  destroy  twenty-three  others,  the  same  law  of  sclf-clcfencc 
authorizes  the  latter  to  save  themselves,  if  they  can,  by  preventing  the 
secession.     So,  at  last,  it  resolves  itself  into  a  question  of  force  and 
comparative  strength, — and  becomes  a  physical  instead  of  a  moral 
question.     Calhoun,  as  I  understand,  proposes  to  have   the   matter 
settled  by  calling  a  convention  of  all  the  States;  and  if  he  would 
agree  to  leave  it'to  them,  when  called,  to  say  whether  the  power  to 
pass  a  protective  tariff  exists  in  the  Constitution,  and  let  a  majority 
decide,  it  would  be  well  enough.     But  he  requires  that  the  majority 
shall  be  the   constitutional  majority  to  make  an  amendment  to  the 
Constitution.     I  do  not  know  that  he  would  even  agree  to  leave  the 
question   of  the  present  existence  of  the  power  to  such  a  majority. 
His  proposition  is,  that,  by  way  of  taking  the  sense  of  the  States  as 
to  the  present  existence  of  the  power,  it  shall  be  proposed  by  way  of 
amendment,  to  give  the  power ;  and  that  unless  two-thirds  of  both 
houses  of  Congress,  or  tlie  legislatures  of  two-thirds  of  the  States, 
shall  concur  in'proposing  the  amendment,  and  it  shall  afterwards  be 
ratified  by  three-fourths  of  the  States,  the  pov\-er  shall  be  considered 
as  not  now  existing  in  the  Constitution.     Every  one  knows  that  in  the 
high  state  of  jealousy  which  has  been,  I  think  most  needlessly,  ex- 
cited against  the  Federal  Government  by  appeals  made,  (for  the  most 
part  by  artful  demagogues)  to  the  pride  of  the  States,  there  are  very 
few  acknowledged  powers  of  the  Government  that  would,  at  this  day, 
bear  that  test.     The  Supreme  Court  would  go  by  the  board,  or  its 
powers  be  so  crippled  as  to  render  it  useless.     The  power  to  regulate 
commerce  would  never  again  be  conferred  as  it  now  exists,  nor  indeed 
any  other  power.     We  should,  in  the  fury  and  inveteracy  of  State 
pride  and  jealousy,  relapse  into  the  imbecility  of  the  old  articles  of 
confederation.     As  to  the  tariff,  its  policy  is  denied  by  many  who 
admit  the  constitutional  poioer  of  Congress  to  pass  it.     Agriculturists 
and  commercial  men  are  very  generally  opposed  to  its  policy.     If  the 
question  of  conferring  the  power  anew,  in  the  form  of  an  amendment, 
were  raised,  as  Calhoun  proposes,  all  Avho  are  strongly  opposed  to  the 
policy  would  refuse  to  confer  the  power,  whatever  they  may  think  of 
its  present  existence.     It  is  probable,  too,  that  many  would  oppose 
the  amendment  because  they  would  consider  it  unnecessary  —  the 
power,  iu  their  estimation,  already  existing.     Calhoun  has  counted 
hands,  and  well  knows  that  he  is  perfectly  safe  in  the  arbitrament  he 
proposes.     Now,  as  there  is  a  decided  majority  who  consider  the 
power  as  already  existing — and  as  it  has  been  exercised,  without  dis- 
pute, 'till  now,  ever  since  1789,  it  would  seem  to  me  more  reasonable 
that  the  minority  who  deny  that  the  power  does  or  ought  to  exist, 
should  move  for  an  explanatory  amendment,  expunging  the  power,  or 
declaring  that  it  shall  not  be  considered  as  existing.     But  this,  the 
opponents  know,  would  be  a  vain  attempt,  and  they  are,  therefore,  for 
artfully  shifting  the  movement  on  the  majority.     Ought  not  this  pro- 

VoL.  n.  — 30 


850 


A  CONSTITUTIONAL  QUESTION. 


[1833— 1S34. 


vision  in  tlie  Constitution  for  amendments,  to  be  considered  as  iM 
umpire  agreed  upon  by  the  States  who  ratified  the  Constitution  for  the 
settlement  of  all  difficulties?  The  difficulty  arises  only  from  the 
mode  of  appealing  to  it — the  very  difficulty  o'f  which  I  have  just  been 
speaking,  who  should  make  the  movement.  I  think  that'  where  a 
power  is  assumed  by  any  department  of  the  Federal  Grovemment,  it 
will  be  the  more  safe  and  quiet  course  to  consider  it  as  rightfully 
assumed  until  the  constitutional  majority  shall  rescind  or  deny  it  by 
an  amendment.  It  is  not  to  be  lightly  believed  that  a  majority  of 
the  House  of  Hepresentatives,  coming  immediately  from  the  body  of 
the  people,  and  removeable  every  two  years,  will  corruptly  agree 
with  the  President  and  Senate  in  asserting  a  power  which  they  know 
not  to  exist ; — or  that  a  majority  of  the  people  of  a  nation,  like  this, 
so  widely  and  sparsely  scattered  over  such  an  immense  country,  will 
confii-m  the  usurpation  by  continuing  to  elect  the  same  representa- 
tives. They  ought  to  be  believed  honest  in  the  assertion  of  the 
power,  as  well  as  in  the  enforcement  of  the  policy,  as  long  as  they 
continue  to  be  as  they  are,  a  large  majority ;  —  and  those  who  deny 
the  power  ought  to  appeal  to  the  constitutional  umpire,  the  Supreme 
Court,  where  it  can  be  made  a  judicial  question ;  and  where  it  cannot — 
to  the  other  constitutional  umpire,  the  provision  for  amendments. 
But  "would  we  have  held  the  doctrine  in  1798,  with  regard  to  the 
alien  and  sedition  laws  f"  Did  ive  not  hold  it  ?  Mr.  Madison's  and 
JMr.  Jefferson's  resolutions  were  not  for  secession — they  were  appeals 
to  the  other  States,  and  looked  no  further  than  to  the  repeal  of  the 
laws,  or  the  engrafting  an  explanatory  amendment  on  the  constitution. 
I  speak  from  memory.  But  I  well  remember,  when  Callender  was 
under  trial,  the  anxiety  of  all  the  enlightened  patriots  of  the  demo- 
cratic school,  in  and  out  of  Richmond,  that  the  State  should  not  be 
disgraced  by  any  appearance  of  disorder,  or  even  intemperance — nuich 
less  of  violence.  The  immense  multitude  in  the  capitol,  although 
visibly  under  the  highest  excitement  at  the  violence  and  rudeness  of 
Judge  Chase,  were  not  heard  to  speak  above  their  breath.  How  dif- 
ferent was  this  from  the  violent  movement  of  South  Carolina, — her 
declaration  of  war,  backed  by  the  calling  out  of  all  the  military  force 
of  the  State !  The  instance  shows  that  if  Mr.  Jefferson  and  Mr. 
Madison  held  the  right  of  secession,  they  did  not  consider  even  the 
extreme  case  of  the  sedition  lata  a  fit  occasion  for  its  exercise ;  but 
that  the  appropriate  remedy  was  in  a  repeal  law,  or  an  amendment  of 
the  constitution  in  the  regular  form. 

Nevertheless,  the  abstract  right  of  secession  cannot  be  denied  in 
theory,  in  a  case  where  even  political  death  would  be  preferable  to 
existence  under  extreme  oppression.  But  I  can  scarcely  conceive  the 
ease  that  can  possibly  arise  in  practice,  under  a  government  like  ours, 
til  juSitify  a  resort  to  secession.  It  looks  exceedingly  like  a  desire  to 
play  the  smuggler  or  the  pii-ate,  for  an  Atlantic  State  to  talk  of  seced- 


Chap.  XX.] 


LETTER  TO  CARR. 


351 


ing  on  tlae  grounds  taken  by  Carolina.  I  am  far  from  considering  tbc 
other  States  bound  to  permit  the  tacit  secession  of  Carolina,  on  the 
ground  taken  by  her.  I  think,  with  you,  that  it  is  a  question  of  vital 
existence  to  the  rest  of  the  Union.  While  I  am  forced,  therefore,  to 
admit  the  abstract  right  to  secede  for  sufficient  cause,  on  the  theory 
of  human  rights,  I  am  obliged,  in  justice  to  the  other  States,  so  to 
qualify  it,  as  to  render  the  theory  of  but  little  practical  value,  and, 
indeed,  almost  to  amount  to  a  retraction  of  the  admission.  Such, 
however,  seems  to  be  the  unavoidable  result  of  the  complicated  rela- 
tions of  the  States,  or  the  incompetency  of  the  human  mind  to  extract 
a  consistent  and  harmonious  system  of  practical  rights  out  of  such 
complex  relations.  I  confciss  my  own  inability  to  do  it.  And  the 
proclamation  seems  to  be  in  the  same  dilemma — for  it  admits  the 
right  to  secede  in  a  palpable  case,  but  does  not  attempt  to  define  the 
case,  nor  to  say  who  is  to  decide  whether  it  has  occurred.  This  right, 
indeed,  seems  reserved  to  the  Federal  Government,  which  is  a  virtual 
retraction  of  the  admission  in  a  palpable  case.  Can  you  excogitate 
a  moi'c  certain  rule  ? 

Our  love  to  yourself,  your  wife  and  children. 

God  bless  you  all. 

Yours, 

Wm.  Wirt. 

The  next  two  letters  bring  us  back  to  those  more  genial  themes  in 
which  the  writer  of  them  specially  delighted. 


TO   JUDGE   CARR. 

Red  Sulphur  Springs,  August  24,  1833. 
Pray,  have  you  not  been  reading  Rollin,  of  late,  or  some  of  the 
originals  from  which  he  draws  those  laconic  epistles — ''  send  me  youi- 
arras," — "come  and  take  them!"     Or  are  you  getting  so  fat  as  to 
make  it  necessary  for  you  to 

" breathe  short-winded  accents  of  new  broils, 


To  be  commenced  in  stronds  afar  remote." 

What  has  become  of  your  ideal  fecundity,  and  all  those  powers  of 
expatiation  and  amplification  which  you  used  to  pour  out  upon  me, 
with  such  delightfully  interminable  continuity  ?  When  your  courts 
are  sitting,  I  am  content  with  anything  you  can  snatch  a  moment  to 
wi'ite  me.  But  now,  in  this  summer  recess  of  ample  leisure,  when 
you  are  rolling  in  clover,  and  have  all  the  incidents  of  the  metropolis 
of  Virginia  playing  upon  the  springs  of  your  mind,  I  had  certainly  a 
right  to  expect  rather  a  more  refreshing  exudation  than  your  very 
brief  note  of  the  18th. 


352 


CONTENTMENT. 


[1833—1834. 


I  think  if  I  were  witli  you,  you  would  discourse  me  a  little  more 
copiously.  Your  pen  rolls  along  with  so  much  ease  and  volubility, 
that  I  should  suppose  it  as  light  a  task  to  you  to  write  as  to  talk. 
Far  otherwise  with  me ;  ni}"  fingers  seem  to  have  lost  their  cunning, 
and  are  so  stiff  and  cramped  in  their  action  that  it  is  hard  work  to  me 
to  write,  and  painful  to  me  to  look  at  my  crowsfoot  scratching,  after  I 
have  written.  It  reminds  me  of  the  boldness  and  freedom  with  which 
my  pen  used  to  follow  my  mind  in  its  j-outhful  aspirations;  and 
reminds  me,  too,  that  those  days  are  gone.  However,  do  not  suppose 
that  I  am  not  thankful  even  for  your  shortest  notes ;  for  they  always 
assure  me,  as  this  does,  of  your  kindness  and  affection.  If  your  letters 
were  not  so  delightful  to  me,  I  would  not  care  how  short  they  were ; 
but  they  are  such  a  treat,  that,  let  them  be  ever  so  long,  I  am  always 
disposed  to  say  with  Cabell — "give  me  some  more."  One  does  not 
like  to  have  the  glass  of  fine  champagne  taken  from  his  lips  when  he 
has  just  begun  to  sip,  nor  to  be  tantalized,  like  Sancho  in  his  island, 
with  a  mere  passing  glimpse  of  a  banquet,  which  he  is  not  permitted 
to  touch.  Verbiun  sat.  Don't  get  displeased  at  this,  and  discontinue 
your  letters  altogether.  Rather  continue  to  give  me  the  half-loaf  than 
no  bread  at  all. 

Well,  you  are  now  with  your  children  and  grand-children  again,  in 
the  height  of  your  earthly  happiness.  I  enjoy  it,  too,  ex.ceedingly ; — 
but  my  mind  and  spirits  languish,  unless  those  soft  and  gentle  feel- 
ings can  be  occasionally  relieved  by  mental  excitement.  Could  I 
have  my  choice  of  life,  it  would  be  to  possess  an  Alhambra,  large 
enough  to  furnish  ample  space  for  all  my  children  and  all  my  friends, 
without  incommoding  each  other;  with  saloons,  where  we  might  all 
assemble  together,  or  in  parties  as  large  as  we  pleased ;  with  a  sepa- 
rate study  and  library  for  myself,  and  horses  and  carriages  to  ride  ad 
libilum.  A  sliglit  requisition,  this  !  But  I  should  even  be  content, 
if,  with  the  fumil}'  I  have,  I  could  sit  down  in  Ilichmond  with  you 
and  Cabell,  for  the  secpel  of  my  days, — having  nothing  to  do,  but  to 
read,  ride  and  enjoy  myself  with  my  fimiily  and  my  friends.  The 
last,  one  would  think,  is  a  possibility. — I  shall  not  lose  sight  of  it 
immediately ;  and  if  to  it  I  could  add  a  Christmas  assemblage  of  all 
my  children,  and  a  summer  in  Albemarle  near  our  friend  and  brother 
Peachy,  there  would  not  remain  many  more  things,  merely  of  this 
earth,  for  me  to  desire.  By-the-way,  I  had  a  letter  from  him  last 
evening,  written  in  fine  spirits  and  fine  health.  He  has  profited  very 
much  by  his  moiuitain  trip.     We  all  require  to  be  shaken  now  and 

then,  like  a  stagnant  pool  by  a  tempest.     Poor  P ,  I  think,  is 

peculiarly  liable  to  the  gathering  of  the  green  mantle  over  his  surface. 
The  biennial  agitation  of  a  trip  to  Ilichmond  in  the  winter,  and  a 
gathering  of  the  clans  at  his  house  in  the  summer,  would  prolong  his 
life  in  health  for  some  years. 


Chap.  XX.] 


CICERO  AND  SALLUST. 


353 


I  thank  you  for  your  congratulations  on  my  second  grandson.* 
No,  the  i)roofs  of  old  age  are  thiekeuiug  upon  me  too  fast  to  be  any 
longer  resisted,  and  I  am,  accordingly,  comforting  myself  every  sum- 
mer, with  a  re-perusal  of  Cicero  "  l)e  Senectute."  But  who  could 
not  bear  such  an  old  age  as  that  of  Cato  Major,  the  chief  prolocutor 
in  that  dialogue  ?  An  old  age  of  honours,  wealth,  health  and  count- 
less friends,  who  held  him  in  the  hi<;hest  veneration  ?  What  a  beau- 
tiful  treatise  it  is !  Infinitely  superior,  I  think,  to  that  "  De  Ami- 
citia,"  which  immediately  follows  it, — or  even  to  the  much  and  justly 
admired  "  Somnium  Scipionis,"  usually  the  sequent  of  the  two  former. 
Have  you  read  them  lately  ?  By-the-bye,  I  got  a  Sallust  at  Lewis- 
burg,  principally  for  the  purpose  of  examining  again  the  two  passages 
you  read  to  me,  and  especially  the  comparison  he  institutes  between 
Caosar  and  Cato.  It  is  very  fine,  and  done  with  infinite  skill  and 
dexterity  in  behalf  of  his  friend  Caesar,  to  whom  he  owed  such  obli- 
gations as  he  never  could  have  received  from  Cato  or  any  other  virtu- 
ous man.  What  a  profligate  scoundrel  he  was,  that  same  Sallust, — 
according  to  the  biographical  notices  prefixed  to  his  woi'ks  !  Expelled 
the  Senate  for  the  vdlest  practices,  restored  by  Caesar,  appointed,  by 
the  same  patron,  the  Prrotor  of  a  province  which  he  plundered  with 
the  most  barbarous  and  shameless  rapacity,  and  bought,  with  the 
spoils,  those  beautiful  gardens  at  Rome  which  still  bear  his  name. 
And  yet  Carter,  in  his  letters  from  Europe,  speaking  of  these  gardens, 
mentions  him  with  great  veneration,  as  the  virtuous  and  philosophic 
historian  in  dignified  retirement.  His  virtues,  like  our  friend  Sterne's, 
I  fear,  are  only  to  be  found  in  his  writings.  It  would,  indeed,  have 
been  most  fortunate  for  him  that  no  memory  of  him  remained  but 
what  is  to  be  found  in  his  histories,  which  are,  certainly,  in  the  high- 
est tone  of  virtue  and  patriotism.  But  the  comparison  aforesaid,  fine 
as  it  is,  is  not  equal,  in  my  opinion,  to  Lucan's  of  Pompey  and  Csesar, 
which  I  am  very  desirous  for  you  to  read. — -Pray  do  so,  pour  moi. 

Apropos, — the  cholera  is  in  Shepardstown  : — is  3Iartinsburg  safe  ? 
They  all  tell  me  that  I  have  improved  marvellously.  According  to 
the  report  of  the  scales,  I  have  gained  fifteen  pounds  since  I  first 
weighed  at  the  White  Sulphur.    I  am  now  one  hundred  and  fifty-seven. 

•  Mr.  Wirt's  fourth  ilaugliter  Rosa,  had  been  married,  in  183"2,  to  Dr. 
Alexander  Robinson  of  Baltimore,  an  accomplished  physician  of  that  city, 
•who  yet  enjoys  a  valuable  practice  there.  But  a  few  weeks  before  the  date 
of  this  letter,  the  eldest  son  of  this  gentleman  was  born,  being  the  second 
grandson  in  the  family. 

I  am  grieved  at  being  obliged  to  add  to  this  note,  that  whilst  tliese  sheets 
were  going  through  the  press,  May,  1849,  the  family  of  Mr.  Wirt  has  sus- 
tained an  afflicting  bereavement,  in  the  death  of  this  estimable  lady.  A 
large  family  of  children  survive  her,  to  mingle  their  grief  with  that  of  many 
devoted  relations  and  friends. 

30*  ^ 


354 


LETTER  TO  MR.  WALLIS. 


[1833— 1S34. 


I  eat  abundantly,  and  Lave  strength,  good  looks  and  tolerable  spirits. 
We  offer  our  love  to  you  all. 

Your  friend, 

^Vyl.  Wirt. 


TO  S.   TEACKLE   WALLIS.* 

Red  Sulphur  Springs,  August  25,  1833. 
My  dear  Sir  : 

I  thank  you  for  your  letter  of  the  11th,  which  has  found  me  at 
this  place — the  remotest  of  the  mineral  waters  of  Virginia,  in  this 
direction,  that  have  any  living  fame — and  I  wish  you  were  here  with 
me.  Your  dyspepsia,  in  all  its  consequences,  would  speedily  vanish 
before  these  waters  and  the  mountain  air.  I  doubt  whether  you  could 
do  a  wiser  thing,  even  yet,  than  to  run  over  in  September  and  spend 
a  few  weeks  among  these  Springs.  It  would  enable  you  to  lay  in  a 
stock  of  health  for  the  winter's  campaign; — for  what  is  the  mens  sana 
without  the  corpore  sano  f 

The  waters  are  at  their  best  in  September,  and  in  this  region,  they 
tell  me,  the  month  of  October  is  the  finest  of  the  whole  year — far 
surpassing  our  Indian  Summer ;  having  all  its  mildness  and  softness, 
without  its  enervating  effects.  It  is  my  purpose  to  test  the  truth  of 
this  representation  by  remaining  somewhere  in  this  region  'till  Octo- 
ber— the  principal  part  of  the  time,  perhaps,  at  the  White  Sulphur, 
though  these  waters  agree  with  me  marvellously  well,  so  far.  Accord- 
ing to  the  report  of  the  scales,  I  am  gaining  a  pound  here  every  day 
— and  I  am  sensible  of  great  improvement  in  my  strength,  good  feel- 
ings and  appetite. 

For  recreation,  I  have  horses,  company,  a  few  books  and  my  pen, 
and  do  not  find  my  time  at  all  heavy  on  my  hands — though  I  should 
certainly  find  it  so  at  Saratoga,  amid  such  an  oppressive  throng,  such 
a  rabble  rout,  as  that  must  be — Washington  Irving  to  the  contrary 
notwithstanding.  I  love  these  green  mountains,  richly  wooded  to 
their  summits,  with  their  poetic  breadth  of  lights  and  shadows  at  sun- 
rise and  sunset ; — the  rich  verdure  of  the  laM'ns,  fields,  meadows — the 
autumnal  flowers  that  are  bursting  around  us — the  rains — the  lisht- 
nmg — and  the  thunders  reverberating  among  these  mountains  and 
rolling  their  echoes  along  the  valleys.  These  are  the  scenes  for  great 
thinking.  A  petit,  maitre  would  be  out  of  his  element  here, — for  he 
cannot  think  at  all,  much  less  think  greatly.  One  cannot  be  frivolous 
amid  so  much  natural  grandeur.  Tlie  mountains  would  frown  their 
rebuke  upon  him,  and  the  starry  firmament,  sparkling  with  such  un- 


*  Mr.  WalHs,  now  an  accomplished  member  of  the  Baltimore  bar,  was, 
at  the  date  of  thii  letter,  a  student,  under  the  guidance  of  his  friend.  .Mr. 
Wirt. 


CuAP.  XX.] 


ADVICE  TO  A  STUDENT. 


355 


wonted  lustre,  these  cold  niglits,  would  awe  liim  into  solemnity,  if 
they  could  not  raise  him  to  sublimity.  I  thiuk  you  could  spend  two 
or  three  weeks  here,  with  great  enjoyment  as  well  as  advantage  to 
your  health. 

Have  you  ever  dipped  into  the  works  of  Edmund  Burke  ?  I  do 
not  think  he  is  properly  estimated  in  our  country,  nor,  I  suspect,  in 
his  own,  except  by  a  few.  His  speeches  have  so  much  richness  and 
splendour  of  imagination,  that  the  great  mass  of  readers  seldom  look 
farther,  and  know  nothing  of  the  abundance,  the  greatness  and  accu- 
racy of  his  thinking.  I  have  been  conversing  with  him  in  the  first 
volume  of  his  works,  which  I  have  found  here,  and  have  been  much 
struck  with  the  powerful  grasp  of  his  mind,  compared  with  some 
other  modern  writers  who  had  just  passed  through  my  hands.  He  is 
indeed  a  masterly  ihinker,  and  I  commend  him  to  your  acquaintance. 
I  like  his  essays  better  than  his  speeches — for  they  are  all  thought, 
without  any  ambition  of  ornament,  and  show  the  great  play  of  his 
mental  machinery,  in  the  naked  majesty  of  its  strength.  Such  are 
the  models  on  which  I  would  wish  you  to  form  the  action  of  your 
mind.  You  must  look  far  above  and  beyond  the  living  models  that 
meet  your  daily  view.  These  are,  some  of  them,  good  examples  of 
energy,  pushing  industry,  and  untiring  perseverance,  and  are,  so  far, 
highly  worthy  of  imitation.  But  when  jon  come  to  the  article  of  think- 
ing, with  reference  to  professsional  preparation,  you  must  look  far,  very 
fiir,  beyond  and  above  them.  You  must  take  a  wider  horizon — sweep 
in  larger  circles — draw  your  arguments  from  greater  depths — and 
learn  to  fold  your  adversary  in  coils  of  a  more  Anaconda  gripe.  This 
pungency  and  force  of  thinking,  this  fertility  of  resource,  this  depth 
and  breadth  and  amplitude  of  view,  is  to  be  learned  only  by  studying 
the  greatest  master.  Take  up  for  example,  Butler's  Analogy  of  Natu- 
ral and  Revealed  Religion,  and  study  it  as  a  specimen  of  thinking 
and  reasoning.  Observe  how  profoundly  and  widely  he  surveys  his 
subject — how  carefully  and  beautifully  he  evolves  his  argument — and 
with  what  resistless  cogency  he  draws  his  conclusions. 

Bacon's  Essay  on  the  Advancement  of  Science,  Locke  on  the  Hu- 
man Understanding,  and  on  Government,  and  some  of  the  preliminary 
chapters  of  Hooker  on  Ecclesiastical  Polity,  are  on  the  same  gigantic 
scale  of  thinking.  These  essays  of  Burke,  and  the  constitutional 
opinions  of  Chief  Justice  Marshall,  belong  to  the  same  great  class  of 
intellectual  eifort,  and  you  ought  to  become  fimiliar  with  them. 

In  composing,  think  much  more  of  3'our  matter  than  your  manner. 
To  be  sure,  spirit,  grace,  and  dignity  of  manner,  are  of  great  importance 
both  to  the  speaker  and  writer ;  but  of  infinitely  more  importance  is 
the  weight  and  worth  of  matter. 

The  fashion  of  the  times  is  much  changed  since  Thomson  wroto 
his  Seasons,  and  Hervey  his  Meditations.  It  will  no  longer  do  to  fill 
the  ear  only  with  pleasant  sounds,  or  the  fancy  with  fine  images.    The 


356 


ADVICE  TO  A  STUDENT. 


[1833— 1S34. 


mind,  the  understandinfr,  must  be  filled  with  solid  thouo-ht.  The  age 
of  ornament  is  over:  that  of  utility  has  succeeded.  The  '^ pugna 
quam  pompce  aptius  is  the  order  of  the  day,  and  men  fight  now  with 
clenched  fist,  not  with  the  open  hand — with  logic  and  not  with  rhe- 
toric. It  is  the  rough,  abrupt  strength  of  Webster  which  has  given 
him  his  reputation.  This  roughness  and  abruptness  are  natural  to 
him,  but  I  believe  it  is  his  policy  rather  to  encourage  than  to  subdue 
them,  since  any  infusion  of  softness  and  grace  would  conceal  that 
muscularity  which  is  his  peculiar  boast  and  pride.  I  have  seen  equal 
strength  and  greater  accuracy  in  others :  but  it  has  been  partly  veiled 
by  a  more  gi'aceful  and  polished  manner,  and  a  more  creative 
imagination. 

The  fashion  of  the  age,  therefore,  calls  upon  3-ou  to  cultivate  this 
great,  powerful  and  wide-sweeping  habit  of  thinking,  and  to  go  for 
strength  and  not  for  beauty.  As  connected  with  it,  and  essential  to 
it,  you  must  begin  forthwith  and  persevere  in  treasuring  up  all  sorts 
of  useful  knowledge.  You  must  be  continually  awake  and  alive  to 
all  that  is  passing  around  you,  and  let  nothing  that  can  be  turned  to 
account  escape  your  observation.  Mr.  Jefierson  was  only  sixteen 
years  of  age  when  he  began  to  keep  regular  files  of  newspapers,  and 
to  preserve  every  pamphlet,  whether  speech  or  dissertation,  on  any 
public  subject,  whether  of  politics,  arts  or  science,  which  issued  from 
the  press.  Thus  he  was  continually  master  of  all  that  was  passing  in 
his  own  age,  in  every  c{uarter  of  the  world.  These  newspapers  and 
pamphlets  he  would  have  assorted  and  bound  in  volumes  at  the  end 
of  the  year,  so  as  to  be  always  ready  for  reference.  But  beside  these 
collectanea,  which  I  earnestly  recommend  to  you,  there  is  a  great  field 
for  personal  observation,  which  must  depend  on  your  own  sight  and 
memory,  and  such  minutes  as  you  may  choose  to  make  of  them  in 
your  private  diary  or  common-place  book.  Perhaps  there  is  no  pro- 
perty in  which  men  are  more  strikingly  distinguished  from  each  other 
than  in  the  various  degrees  in  which  they  possess  this  faculty  of 
observation.  The  great  herd  of  mankind,  tiAofruges  consumere  nati, 
pass  their  lives  in  listless  inattention  and  indifiercuce  as  to  what  is 
going  on  around  them,  being  perfectly  content  to  sati.sfy  the  mere 
cravings  of  nature ;  while  those  who  are  destined  to  distinction  have  a 
lynx-eyed  vigilance  that  nothing  can  escape.  You  see  nothing  of  the 
Paul  Pry  in  them ;  yet  they  know  all  that  is  passing,  and  keep  a  pei*- 
fect  reckoning,  not  only  of  every  interesting  passage,  but  of  all  the 
characters  of  the  age  who  have  any  concern  in  them.  It  is  this  that 
makes  that  large  experience  which  is  the  great  school  of  wisdom. 
This  is  that  thoi-ough  and  wide-extended  knowleda;e  of  mankind  for 
which  all  the  great  men  of  all  ages  and  countries  have  been  so  cele- 
brated, and  without  which  it  is  impossible  that  they  ever  should  have 
been  great  men. 

This  is  but  a  meagre  sketch  of  what  you  have  to  do  if  you  aspire  to 


CnAr.  XX.]  ADVICE  TO  A  STUDENT.  357 

a  liigli  niche  in  tlic  temple  of  Fame.  There  are  all  the  arrears  of 
past  history,  ancient  and  modern,  to  settle,  and  all  the  sciences  and 
arts.  Mr.  Jefferson  was,  himself,  a  living  and  walking  encyclopedia 
— so  is  Mr.  Madison,  and  Mr.  John  Q.  Adams; — vita  brevis,  ars 
long  a. 

There  is  too  much  to  acquire,  to  expect  to  become  a  thorough  mas- 
ter of  every  thing.  You  will  have  to  make  a  selection.  This  was 
recommended  by  Mr.  Locke,  as  you  will  see  in  the  first  article  of  the 
XCIX  No.  of  the  Edinburgh  Keview.  But  even  with  a  selection, 
young  as  you  are,  you  have  no  time  to  lose,  if  you  wish  to  be  one  of 
the  first  men  of  the  day,  and  to  mix  your  name,  historically,  with  that 
of  your  age  and  country.  It  is  only  by  such  a  struggle  with  the 
al'iquid  vaslum  el  immmsum  that  Cicero  gained  the  summit  from 
which  his  fame  still  beams,  through  more  than  eighteen  centuries,  to 
this  distant  land  of  ours  —  and  those  who  would  shine  imperishably, 
must  follow  his  example. 

But  I  have  given  you  a  prelection,  instead  of  a  letter,  which  is 
more  than  you  bai-gained  for. 

I  shall  be  glad  to  hear  from  you  again,  and  still  more  to  see  you. 

Wishing  you  health,  prosperity  and  happiness  here  and  hereafter, 

I  remain  very  truly  yours, 

W.M.  Wirt. 

In  the  correspondence  of  this  year,  I  find  another  letter  on  the 
same  subject,  and  written  in  a  kindred  tone  with  the  last,  which  haS' 
been  frequently  published,  and  which  is,  in  every  point  of  view, 
worthy  of  the  notice  it  has  hitherto  obtained.  It  was  drawn  from 
Mr.  Wirt  by  the  application  of  a  young  and  meritorious  student  of 
the  University  of  North  CaroUna  at  Chapel  Hill,— Mr.  II.  W.  Miller, 
— who,  desiring  to  obtain  the  advice  of  so  eminent  a  master,  for  his 
instruction  in  the  study  of  the  law,  made  the  request  which  brought 
this  reply. 

These  two  letters  are  not  only  valuable  for  the  counsel  they  impart, 
but  they  acquire  additional  interest  in  these  Memoirs,  from  the  evi- 
dence which  they  afford,  that  the  sympathy  in  the  aspirations  of  am- 
bitious youth  emulous  to  excel  in  laudable  pursuits,  and  the  zeal  to 
animate  the  student,  and  teach  him  the  most  useful  lessons  for  the 
guidance  of  his  future  life,  which  characterized  the  subject  of  our 
biogi-aphy  from  his  earliest  manhood,  had,  in  no  degree,  abated  in 
his  declining  years :  that,  throughout  his  whole  career,  he  was  most 
effectively  and  consistently  the  monitor  and  guide  of  the  rising  gene- 
ration. 


358 


LETTER  TO  MR.  MILLER. 


[1833—1834. 


TO   H.   W.   MILLER. 


My  dear  Sir  ; 


Baltimore,  December  20,  1833. 


Your  letter,  dated  ''  University  of  Chapel  Hill,  December  12,"  was 
received  yesterday  morning,  and  although  it  finds  me  extremely  busy 
in  preparing  for  the  Supreme  Court  of  the  United  States,  I  am  so 
much  pleased  with  its  spirit,  that  I  cannot  reconcile  it  to  myself  to 
let  it  pass  unanswered.  If  I  were  ever  so  well  qualified  to  advise 
3^ou,  to  which  I  do  not  pretend,  but  little  good  could  be  done  by  a 
sino-le  letter ;  and  I  have  not  time  for  more.  Knowinjr  nothing;  of  the 
peculiarities  of  your  mental  character,  I  can  give  no  advice  adapted  to 
yom*  peculiar  case.  I  am  persuaded  that  education  may  be  so  directed 
by  a  sagacious  and  skilful  teacher,  as  to  prune  and  repress  those 
faculties  of  the  pupil  which  are  too  prone  to  luxuriance,  and  to  train 
and  invigorate  those  which  are  disproportionately  weak  or  slow ;  so  as 
to  create  a  just  balance  among  the  powers,  and  enable  the  mind  to  act 
with  the  highest  eifect  of  which  it  is  capable.  But  it  requires  a  pre- 
vious acquaintance  with  the  student,  to  ascertain  the  natural  condition 
of  his  various  powers,  in  order  to  know  which  requires  the  spur  and 
which  the  rein.  In  some  minds,  imagination  overpowers  and  smothers 
all  the  other  faculties ;  in  others,  reason,  like  a  sturdy  oak,  throws  all 
the  rest  into  a  sickly  shade.  Some  men  have  a  morbid  passion  for 
the  study  of  poetry  —  others,  of  mathematics,  &c.  &c.  All  this  may 
be  corrected  by  discipline,  so  far  as  it  may  be  judicious  to  correct  it. 
But  the  physician  must  understand  the  disease,  and  become  acquainted 
with  all  the  idiosyncrasies  of  the  patient,  before  he  can  prescribe.  I 
have  no  advantage  of  this  kind  with  regard  to  you;  and  to  prescribe 
by  conjecture,  would  require  me  to  conjecture  every  possible  case  that 
may  be  j-ours,  and  to  prescribe  for  each,  which  would  call  for  a  pon- 
derous volume,  instead  of  a  letter.  I  believe  that  in  all  sound  minds 
the  germ  of  all  the  faculties  exist,  and  may,  by  skilful  management, 
be  wooed  into  expansion  —  but  they  exist,  naturally,  in  different  de- 
grees of  health  and  strength ;  and  as  this  matter  is  generally  left  to 
the  impulses  of  nature  in  each  individual,  the  healthiest  and  strongest 
germs  get  the  start — give  impulse  and  direction  to  the  efforts  of  each 
mind  —  stamp  its  character,  and  shape  its  destiny.  As  education, 
therefore,  now  stands  among  us,  each  man  must  be  his  own  preceptor 
in  this  respect,  and  by  turning  his  eyes  upon  himself,  and  descrying 
the  comparative  action  of  his  own  powers,  discover  which  of  them 
requires  more  tone  —  which,  if  any,  less.  We  must  take  care,  how- 
ever, not  to  make  an  erroneous  estimate  of  the  relative  value  of  the 
faculties,  and  thus  commit  the  sad  mistake  of  cultivating  the  showy 
at  the  expense  of  the  solid.  With  these  preliminary  remarks,  by  way 
of  explaining  why  I  cannot  be  more  particular  in  regard  to  your  case, 


Chap.  XX.] 


INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  STUDY. 


359 


permit  me,  instead  of  chalking  out  a  course  of  study,  Ly  farnisliing 
you  with  lists  of  books  and  the  order  in  which  they  should  be  read, 
(and  no  list  of  books  and  course  of  study  would  be  equally  proper 
for  all  minds,)  to  close  this  letter  with  a  few  general  remarks. 

If  3-our  spirit  be  as  stout  and  pure  as  your  letter  indicates,  you 
require  little  advice  beyond  that  which  you  will  find  in  the  walls  of 
your  University.  A  brave  and  pure  spirit  is  more  than  '' half  the 
battle,"  not  only  in  preparing  for  life,  but  in  all  conflicts.  Take  it 
for  granted  that  there  is  no  excellence  without  great  labour.  2so 
mere  aspirations  for  eminence,  however  ardent,  will  do  the  business. 
Wishing,  and  sighing,  and  imagining,  and  dreaming  of  greatness,  will 
never  make  you  great.  If  you  would  get  to  the  mountain's  top,  on 
which  the  temple  of  fame  stands,  it  will  not  do  to  stand  still,  looking, 
admiring,  and  wishing  you  were  there.  You  must  gird  up  your  loins, 
and  go  to  work  with  all  the  indomitable  energy  of  Hannibal  scaling 
the  Alps.  Laborious  study  and  diligent  observation  of  the  world, 
are  both  indispensable  to  the  attainment  of  eminence.  By  the  former, 
you  must  make  yourself  master  of  all  that  is  known  of  science  and 
letters;  by  the  latter  you  must  know  man,  at  large  and  particularly 
the  character  and  genius  of  your  own  countrymen.  You  must  culti- 
vate assiduously  the  habits  of  reading,  thinking,  and  observing.  Un- 
derstand your  own  language  grammatically,  critically,  thoroughly — 
learn  its  origin,  or  rather  its  various  origins,  which  you  may  learn  from 
Johnson's  and  Webster's  preftices  to  their  large  dictionaries.  Learn 
all  that  is  delicate  and  beautiful,  as  well  as  strong,  in  the  language, 
and  master  all  its  stores  of  opulence.  You  will  find  a  rich  mine  of 
instructions  in  the  splendid  language  of  Bm-ke.  ITis  diction  is  fre- 
quently magnificent;  sometimes  too  gorgeous,  I  think,  for  a  chaste 
and  correct  taste ;  but  he  will  show  you  all  the  wealth  of  your  lan- 
guage. You  must,  by  ardent  study  and  practice,  acquire  for  yourself 
a  mastery  of  the  language,  and  be  able  both  to  speak  and  to  write  it, 
promptly,  easily,  elegantly,  and  with  that  variety  of  style  which  difier- 
ent  subjects,  different  hearers,  and  difi'ereut  readers  are  continually 
requiring.  You  must  have  such  a  command  of  it  as  to  be  able  to 
adapt  j-ourself,  with  intuitive  quickness  and  ease,  to  every  situation  in 
which  you  may  chance  to  be  placed,  and  you  will  find  no  great  diffi- 
culty in  this,  if  you  have  the  copia  verborum  and  a  correct  taste. 
With  this  studv  of  the  lan<ruatre  you  must  take  care  to  unite  the 
habits  already  mentioned — the  diligent  observation  of  all  that  is  pass- 
ing around  you ;  and  active,  close  and  useful  thinking.  If  30U  have 
access  to  Franklin's  works,  read  them  carefully,  particularh^  his  third 
volume,  and  you  will  know  what  I  mean  by  the  habits  of  observing 
and  thinking.  We  cannot  all  be  Franklins,  it  is  true ;  but,  by  imi- 
tating his  mental  habits  and  unwearied  industry,  we  may  reach  an 
eminence  we  should  never  otherwise  attain.    Nor  would  he  have  been 


360  INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  STUDY.  [1S33— 1834. 

the  Franl-Jin  he  was,  if  lie  had  permitted  himself  to  be  discouraged 
by  the  reflection  that  we  cannot  all  be  JYeicions. 

It  is  our  business  to  make  the  most  of  our  own  talents  and  opportuni- 
ties, and  instead  of  discouraging  ourselves  by  comparisons  and  imaginary 
impossibilities,  to  believe  all  things  possible, — as,  indeed,  almost  all 
things  are,  to  a  spirit  bravely  and  firmly  resolved.  Franklin  was  a 
fine  model  of  a  practical  man,  as  contra-distinguished  from  a  visionary 
theorist,  as  men  of  genius  ai'e  very  apt  to  be.  He  was  great  in  that 
greatest  of  all  good  qualities,  sound,  strong  common  sense. — A  mere 
book-worm  is  a  miserable  driveller;  and  a  mere  genius,  a  thing  of 
gossamer  fit  only  for  the  winds  to  sport  with.  Direct  your  intellectual 
efforts  principally,  to  the  cultivation  of  the  strong  masculine  qualities 
of  the  mind.  Learn  (I  repeat  it)  to  think — to  think  deeply,  compre- 
hensively, jwrcerfuUy — and  learn  the  simple,  nervous  language  which 
is  appropriate  to  that  kind  of  thinking. — Read  the  legal  and  political 
arguments  of  Chief  Justice  Marshall,  and  those  of  Alexander  Ham- 
ilton, which  are  coming  out.  Read  them,  study  them ;  and  observe 
with  what  an  omnipotent  sweep  of  thought  they  range  over  the  whole 
field  of  every  subject  they  take  in  hand — and  that  with  a  scythe  so 
ample  and  so  keen,  that  not  a  straw  is  left  standing  behind  them. 
Brace  yourself  up  to  these  great  efforts.  Strike  for  this  giant  character 
of  mind,  and  leave  prettiness  and  frivolity  for  triflers.  There  is 
nothing  in  your  letter  that  suggests  the  necessity  of  this  admonition ; 
I  make  it  merely  with  reference  to  that  tendency  to  efflorescence 
which  T  have  occasionally  heard  charged  to  Southern  genius.  It  is 
perfectly  consistent  with  these  herculean  habits  of  thinking  to  be  a 
laborious  student,  and  to  know  all  that  books  can  teach. — This  ex- 
tensive acciuisition  is  necessary,  not  only  to  teach  you  how  far  science 
has  advanced  in  every  direction,  and  where  the  terra  incognita  begins, 
into  which  genius  is  to  direct  its  future  discoveries,  but  to  teach  you 
also  the  strength  and  the  weakness  of  the  human  intellect, — how  far 
it  is  permitted  us  to  go,  and  where  the  penetration  of  man  is  forced, 
by  its  own  impotence  and  the  nature  of  the  subject,  to  give  up  the 
pursuit; — and  when  you  have  mastered  all  the  past  conquests  of 
science,  you  will  understand  what  Socrates  meant  by  saying,  that  he 
knew  only  enough  to  be  sure  that  he  knew  nothing, — nothing,  compared 
with  that  illimitable  tract  that  lies  beyond  the  reach  of  our  faculties. 
You  must  never  be  satisfied  with  the  surfoce  of  things  :  probe  them 
to  the  bottom,  and  let  nothing  go  'till  you  understand  it  as  thoroughly 
as  your  powers  will  enable  you.  Seize  the  moment  of  excited  curiosity 
on  any  subject,  to  solve  your  doubts;  for  if  you  let  it  pass,  the  desire 
may  never  return,  and  you  may  remain  in  ignorance. 

The  habits  wliich  I  have  been  recommending  are  not  merely  for 
college,  but  for  life.  Franklin's  habits  of  constant  and  deep  excogi- 
tation clung  to  him  to  his  latest  hour.  Form  those  habits  now  :  learn 
all  that  may  be  learned  at  your  university,  and  bring  all  your  acqui- 


Chap.  XX.]  IXSTRUCTIONS  FOR  STUDY.  361 

sitions  and  your  habits  to  tlie  study  of  the  law,  wbicli  you  say  is  to 
be  your  profession ;  and  when  you  come  to  this  study,  come  resolved 
to  master  it — not  to  play  in  its  shallows,  but  to  sound  all  its  depths. 
There  is  no  knowing  what  a  mind  greatly  and  firmly  resolved,  may 
achieve  in  this  department  of  science,  as  well  as  every  other,  llesolve 
to  be  the  fii'st  lawyer  of  your  age,  in  the  depth,  extent,  variety  and 
accuracy  of  your  legal  learning.  Master  the  science  of  pleading — 
master  Coke  upon  Littleton,  and  Coke's  and  Plowden's  Reports — 
master  Fearue  on  Contingent  llemaiuders  and  Executory  Devises,  'till 
you  can  sport  and  play  familiarly  with  its  most  subtle  distinctions. 
Lay  your  foundation  deep  and  broad  and  strong,  and  you  will  find  the 
superstructure  comparatively  light  work.  It  is  not  by  shrinking  from 
the  ditEcult  parts  of  the  science,  but  by  courting  them,  grappling  with 
them,  and  overcoming  them,  that  a  man  rises  to  professional  greatness. 
There  is  a  great  deal  of  law-learning  that  is  dry,  dark,  cold,  revolting 
— but  it  is  an  old  feudal  castle,  in  perfect  preservation,  which  the  legal 
architect,  who  aspires  to  the  first  honours  of  his  profession,  will  delight 
to  explore,  and  learn  all  the  uses  to  which  its  various  parts  used  to  be 
put;  and  he  will  the  better  understand,  enjoy  and  relish  the  progress- 
ive improvements  of  the  science  in  modern  times.  You  must  be  a 
master  in  every  branch  of  the  science  that  belongs  to  your  profession 
— the  law  of  nature  and  of  nations,  the  civil  law,  the  law-merchant, 
the  maritime  law,  &c. ;  the  chart  and  outline  of  all  which  you  will  see 
in  Blackstone's  Commentaries. 

Thus  covered  with  the  panoply  of  professional  learning,  a  master 
of  the  pleadings,  practice  and  cases,  and  at  the  same  time  a  great 
constUidional  and  philosophic  lawyer^  you  must  keep  way,  also,  with 
the  march  of  general  science.  Do  you  think  this  requiring  too  much? 
Look  at  Brougham,  and  see  what  a  man  can  do  if  well-armed  and 
well-resolved.  "With"  a  load  of  professional  duties  that  would,  of 
themselves,  have  been  ap])alling  to  the  most  of  our  countrymen,  he 
stood,  nevertheless,  at  the  head  of  his  party  in  the  House  of  Com- 
mons, and,  at  the  same  time,  set  in  motion  and  superintended  various 
primary  schools  and  various  periodical  works,  the  most  instructive  and 
useful  that  ever  issued  from  the  British  press;  to  which  he  furnished, 
with  his  own  pen,  some  of  the  most  masterly  contributions,  and  yet 
found  time  not  only  to  keep  pace  with  the  progress  of  the  arts  and 
sciences,  but  to  keep  at  the  head  of  those  whose  peculiar  and  exclusive 
occupations  these  arts  and  sciences  were.  There  is  a  model  of  industry 
and  usefulness  worthy  of  all  your  emulation.  You  must,  indeed,  be 
a  great  lawyer ;  but  it  will  not  do  to  be  a  mere  lawyer  —  more  espe- 
cially as  you  are  very  properly  turning  your  mind,  also,  to  the  political 
service  of  your  country,  and  to  the  study  and  practice  of  eloquence. 
You  must,  therefore,  be  a  political  lawyer  and  historian ;  thoroughly 
versed  in  the  constitution  and  laws  of  your  country,  and  fully  acquaint- 
ed with  all  its  statistics,  and  the  history  of  all  the  leading  measures 
Vol.  IL  — .31 


362  INSTRUCTIONS  FOR  STUDY.  [1833— 1S34. 

"wliicli  have  distinguished  the  several  administrations.  You  must 
study  the  debates  in  Congress,  and  observe  what  have  been  the  actual 
effects  upon  the  country  of  the  various  measures  that  have  been  most 
strenuously  contested  in  their  origin.  You  must  be  a  master  of  the 
science  of  political  economy,  and  especially  of  financiering,  of  -which 
so  few  of  oar  young  countrymen  know  anything.  The  habit  of  ob- 
serving all  that  is  passing,  and  thinking  closely  and  deeply  upon  them, 
demands  pre-eminently  an  attention  to  the  political  course  of  your 
country.     But  it  is  time  to  close  this  letter. 

You  ask  for  instructions  adapted  to  improvement  in  eloquence. 
This  is  a  subject  for  a  treatise,  not  for  a  letter.  Cicero,  however,  has 
summed  up  the  whole  art  in  a  few  words  :  it  is — "  apte — distincte — 
ornate — dicere" — to  speak  to  the  purpose — to  speak  clearly  and  dis- 
tinctly— to  speak  gracefully.  To  be  able  to  speak  to  the  purpose,  you 
must  understand  your  subject  and  all  that  belongs  to  it; — and  then 
your  thoughts  and  method  must  be  clear  in  themselves,  and  clearly 
and  distinctly  enunciated : — and  lastly,  your  voice,  style,  delivery  and 
gesture,  must  be  graceful  and  impressive.  In  relation  to  this  subject, 
I  would  strenuously  advise  you  to  two  things :  Compromise  much  and 
often,  and  carefully,  with  reference  to  this  rule  of  apte,  distincte, 
ornate ;  and  let  your  conversation  have  reference  to  the  same  objects. 
I  do  not  mean  that  you  should  be  elaborate  and  formal  in  your  ordi- 
nary conversation.  Let  it  be  perfectly  simi)le  and  natural,  but  always 
in  good  time  (to  speak  as  the  musician),  and  well  enunciated. 

With  regard  to  the  style  of  eloquence  you  should  adopt,  that  must 
depend  very  much  on  your  own  taste  and  genius.  You  are  not  dis- 
posed, I  presume,  to  be  an  humble  imitator  of  any  man  ?  If  you  are, 
you  may  bid  farewell  to  the  hope  of  eminence  in  this  walk.  None 
are  mere  imitators  to  whom  nature  has  given  original  powers.  The 
ape  alone  is  content  with  mere  imitation.  If  nature  has  bestowed 
such  a  portion  of  the  spirit  of  oi-atory  as  can  advance  you  to  a  high 
rank  in  this  walk,  your  manner  will  be  your  own.  In  what  style  of 
eloquence  you  are  best  fitted  to  excel,  you,  yourself,  if  destined  to  ex- 
cellence, are  the  best  judge.  I  can  only  tell  you  that  the  florid  and 
Asiatic  style  is  not  the  taste  of  the  age.  The  strong,  and  even  the 
rugged  and  abrupt,  are  far  more  successful.  Bold  propositions,  boldly 
and  briefly  expressed  —  pithy  sentences  —  nervous  common  sense  — 
strong  phrases — the  felicite  audax  both  in  language — well  compacted 
periods — sudden  and  strong  masses  of  light — and  apt  adage  in  Enir- 
lish  or  Latin  —  a  keen  sarcasm  —  a  merciless  personality  —  a  mortal 
thrust — these  are  the  beauties  and  deformities  that  now  make  a  .speaker 
the  most  interesting.  A  gentleman  and  a  Christian  will  conform  to 
the  reigning  taste  so  far  only  as  his  principles  and  habits  of  decorum 
will  permit.  The  florid  and  Asiatic  was  never  a  good  style  either  for 
an  European  or  an  American  taste.  We  require  that  a  man  should 
speak  to  the  purpose  and  come  to  the  point ; — that  he  should  instruct 


Chap.  XX.] 


CHRISTMAS  REMEMBRANCES. 


363 


and  convince.  To  do  this,  bis  mind  must  move  vrith  great  strengtli 
and  power :  reason  should  be  manifestly  bis  master  faculty  —  argu- 
ment should  predominate  throughout ;  but  these  great  points  secured, 
wit  and  fancy  may  cast  their  lights  around  bis  path,  provided  the  wit 
be  courteous  as  well  as  brilliant,  and  the  fancy  chaste  and  modest.  But 
they  must  be  kept  well  in  the  back-ground,  for  they  are  dangerous 
allies ;  and  a  man  had  better  be  without  them,  than  to  show  them  in 
front  or  to  show  them  too  often. 

But  I  am  wearying  you,  my  dear  sir,  as  well  as  myself.  If  these 
few  imperfect  hints  on  subjects  so  extended  and  diversified,  can  be  of 
any  service  to  you,  I  shall  be  gratified.  They  may,  at  least,  convince 
you  that  your  letter  has  interested  me  in  your  behalf,  and  that  I  shall 
be  happy  to  hear  of  your  future  fame  and  prosperity.  I  offer  you  my 
respects,  and  tender  the  compliments  of  the  season. 

Wm.  Wirt. 


Our  Memoirs  draw  to  a  close.  Christmas,  1833,  found  I\Ir.  Wirt 
cheerful ; — mentally,  as  vigorous  as  ever.  In  bodily  health,  he  had 
been  declining  for  some  years  past.  Latterly  be  had  grown  somewhat 
stronger,  and  he  looked  forward  to  the  future  with  pleasant  hopes ; — 
a  graver  man  than  in  the  prime  of  his  days,  but  still,  with  an  eye  that 
delighted  in  the  radiance  of  a  cheerful  prospect,  and  with  a  heart  that 
■was  warmed  by  the  glow  of  social  feeling.  A  more  serene,  and  we 
may  call  it  a  richer  light,  tinted  with  less  ardent  but  softer  ray,  played 
over  the  western  horizon  of  his  days,  as  their  sun  dipped  nearer  to  its 


verge. 


"In  January,"  he  had  lately  written  to  Judge  Randall,  "we  shall 
all  go  down  to  Washington  and  pass  the  winter,  till  about  the  20th 
of  MaiX'h,  and  nest  summer  we  shall  go  to  the  Springs.  And,  if  we 
succeed  in  Florida,  we  shall  probably  be  with  you  after  two  winters 
more,  if  we  all  live  so  long.  I  am  in  good  health,  now,  thank  Hea- 
ven !  but  quite  lean.  The  rest  of  us  are  well.  Can't  you  and  our 
dear  L.  contrive  to  meet  us  at  the  White  Sulphur,  next  summer." 

Within  a  month  after  the  date  of  the  letter  from  which  this  short 
extract  is  taken,  Christmas  came.  I  have  two  records  to  show  that 
this  day  did  not  pass  without  many  pleasant  thoughts  in  the  mind  of 
Mr.  Wirt,  and  that  the  treasures  of  friendship  had  lost  nothing  of 
that  high  appreciation  he  was  wont  to  set  upon  them.  The  two 
dearest  friends  of  his  youth,  his  manhood  and  his  age,  were  fondly 
remembered. 


364  CHRISTMAS  REMEMBRANCES.  [1833—1834. 

To  Judge  CaiT,  lie  writes : 

"  This  is  a  day  when  all  our  kindest  reminiscences  and  feelings  are 
awakened.  To  whom  can  I  offer  a  '  merry  Christmas'  with  a  warmer 
and  truer  heart  than  to  you  ?  Certainly,  to  no  one  out  of  the  bosom 
of  my  own  family.  Merrier  Christmases  we  have  both  seen  than,  I 
suppose,  we  shall  ever  see  again.  For  the  days  of  thoughtless  mirth, 
when  we  could  laugh  at  any  thing  or  nothing  by  the  hour,  are  gone. 
But  cheerful  Christmases  we  may  still  have,  for  our  hearts  have  not 
yet  grown  cold.  Never,  I  feel  confident,  shall  we  turn  a  cold  heart 
to  each  other.  I  have  not  felt  satisfied  at  being  so  long  in  arrears  to 
you;  but  I  am  always,  somehow,  busy,  and  the  golden  hour  for  a 
letter  to  a  friend  never  seems  to  offer  itself — the  hou.r  of  ease,  when 
no  neglected  duty  haunts ;  when  we  have  nothing  to  do  but  to  follow, 
with  our  pens,  the  wanderings  of  our  hearts.  I  wish  mine  would 
keep  among  the  flowers,  and  never  wander  among  the  thorns,  as  it  is 
too  apt  to  do.  Herein,  as  in  most  other  things,  you  are  a  model  for 
us  all.  You  choose  to  see  only  the  rosy  side  of  things.  You  are 
wise, — unless  we  could  pluck  away  the  thorns  by  thinking  of  them. 
But  this  only  gives  them  more  point,  and  makes  them  more  trouble- 
some. 

"  I  am  rattling  among  the  dry  bones  of  my  records  for  the  Supreme 
Court.  We  go  down  on  the  11th  of  next  mouth.  My  health  is  so 
good  that  I  hope  to  be  able  to  bear  all  the  labours  of  the  winter 
without  flinching,  and  to  meet  you  at  Lewisburg  next  summer,  in 
better  plight  than  I  did  last.  May  God  bless  you  all,  and  make  you 
as  happy  as  your  hearts  can  desire  !" 

To  Judge  Cabell,  he  writes  on  the  same  day  : 

"  A  merry  Christmas  to  you,  my  dear  C,  and  to  all  your  fireside  ! 
I  said  to  ]Mrs.  W.,  just  now,  '  let  us  send  for  Dr.  H.  and  Cabell  to 
help  us  to  make  egg-nog  for  our  company.'  Poor,  dear  H.  I  Do  you 
remember  how  delighted  he  was  with  his  occupation  at  our  sideboard, 
in  the  dining-room  of  our  white  house  in  Richmond  ?  How  he  would 
talk  and  beat  away,  and  laugh,  and  walk  across  the  room  occasionally 
to  the  fire-place  ?  I  think  I  can  see  him  now,  CA'ery  moment  hear  his 
voice,  see  his  dry,  funny  smile,  and  smack  of  his  lips  on  tasting  the 
egg-nog — and  the  wise  shako  of  his  head — '  it  is  mighty  near  right, 
but  not  quite  :  I  think  it  wants  a  UUlc  more  spirit — what  do  you 
think,  Mr.  Cabell?'  Bless  his  old  heart,  I  say  again  !  Alas  !  How 
long  has  it  been  since  that  excellent  heart  has  ceased  to  beat !  Oh 
world  !  world  !  this  poor  bargain  of  life  !  if  bargain  it  may  be  called, 
in  which  we  had  no  voice.  Yet,. what  an  excellent  bargain  we  used 
to  think  it  in  those  days,  when  we  were  in  the  prime  of  our  manhood, 
doing  well,  and  all  our  friends  living  and  smiling  around  us ! 


Chap.  XX.]       DEATH  OF  HIS  ELDEST  DAUGHTER.  365 

"I  believe  tlie  hapi^icst  time  of  a  man's  life  is  after  lie  marries  and 
sees  a  family  of  young  children  growing  around  him; — esiiccially  if 
they  are  all  fine  children,  and  he  has  an  excellent  and  affectionate 
wife,  and  a  circle  of  friends  who  admire  and  love  him.  This  happy 
state  we  have  both  known.  Our  hopes  and  imaginations  were  all 
bright  and  buoyant,  and  painted  the  future  only  in  colours  of  love 
and  joy.  Alas,  how  have  these  hopes  been  realized  !  Where  are  all 
those  dear  children  ?  Where  are  all  those  friends?  What  is  our 
condition  ?  The  world  is  the  same,  the  jjlauct  keeps  its  place,  the 
seasons  revolve,  and  the  young  world  still  smiles.     But,  what  are  we  ! 

'  Away  with  melancholy, 

Nor  doleful  changes  ring 
On  life  and   human   folly, 

But  merrily,  merrily,  sing — fol  la.' 

"  So,  I  frequently  break  short  this  train  of  reflection  and  try  to 
sing,  sure  enough ;  —  but  my  voice  sounds  to  me  like  bitter  mockery, 
and  my  song  ends  in  a  sigh  that  shakes  my  inner  man. 

"  If  you  suppose  I  think  this  wise  and  commendable,  you  are  mis- 
taken. I  know  it  is  weak  and  foolish.  I  know  that  the  only  course 
of  wisdom  is  to  do  our  duty  with  firmness  and  alacrity  —  to  do  all  the 
good  we  can  to  our  own  families  and  our  fellow-creatures,  and  to  re- 
sign ourselves  to  the  course  of  Providence.  It  is  only  the  sanguine 
and  unreflecting  whom  old  age  or  misfortune  takes  by  surprise,  who 
suppose  that  there  is  anything  novel  or  peculiar  in  their  case." 

The  nest  mail  from  Florida,  after  the  date  of  these  two  letters, 
brought  Mr.  Wirt  sad  tidings,  in  announcing  to  him  the  death  of  his 
daughter,  Mrs.  Randall,  who  sank  under  the  attack  of  a  pulmonary 
disease,  on  the  ITth  of  December.  This  blow  struck  upon  a  breast 
already  armed  with  patience  and  resignation.  It  excited  no  wild  emo- 
tion nor  bitter  outbreak  of  grief,  but  it  deepened  the  shadow  which 
previous  affliction  had  cast  upon  his  mind. 

"  I  look  upon  life  as  a  drama" — he  writes  on  this  occasion  to  Judge 
Cabell — "bearing  the  same  sort,  thouorh  not  the  same  decree  of  rela- 
tion  to  eternity,  as  an  hour  spent  at  the  theatre,  and  the  fictions  there 
exhibited  for  our  instruction,  do  to  the  whole  of  real  life.  Nor,  is 
there  anything  in  this  passing  pageant  worth  the  sorrow  that  we  la\'ish 
on  it.  Now,  when  my  children  or  friends  leave  me,  or  when  I  shall 
be  called  to  leave  them,  I  consider  it  as  merely  parting  for  the  present 
visit,  to  meet  under  happier  circumstances  when  we  shall  part  no 


more." 


31* 


366 


HIS  LAST  ILLNESS. 


[1833—1834. 


In  January,  he  repaired  to  Washington  to  attend  the  usual  term 
of  the  Supreme  Court.  His  engagements  for  this  term  were  numer- 
ous. Amongst  them  were  several  causes  of  more  than  ordinary  weight 
and  importance.  He  had  regularly  attended  the  sittings  of  the  coui-t, 
until  the  8th  of  February.  His  health  was  ^dsibly  improving,  even 
in  the  midst  of  these  labours,  and  his  mind  was  growing  more  cheer- 
ful. What  followed  may  be  read,  in  a  letter  which  was  wi'itten  to- 
wards the  end  of  the  month,  by  a  distinguished  gentleman  who  was 
then  in  attendance  upon  the  court,  a  warm  friend  of  Mr.  Wirt's,  and 
an  anxious  observer  of  the  event. 

"  On  the  evening  of  Saturday,  the  8th,  Mr.  Wirt  was  in  playful 
spirits,  and  sanguine  of  the  success  of  an  argument  which  he  was  to 
make  in  court  on  Monday.  He  felt  better  satisfied  with  his  prepara- 
tion, he  said,  than  with  any  he  had  made  for  years  before.  On  Sunday 
he  walked  to  the  Capitol  to  church.  It  was  a  damp  chilly  day,  and 
the  Representatives'  Hall  was  crowded  and  warm.  To  go  immediately 
from  it,  into  the  cold,  damp  air,  and  to  walk  slowly,  as  he  did,  a  mile 
to  his  lodgings,  might  have  been  deemed  imprudent  in  one  whose 
health  was  less  precarious  than  his  then  seemed. 

''  That  night  he  complained  of  a  slight  indisposition,  and  in  the 
family  worship  of  the  evening  prayed  with  an  unusual  fervour,  and, 
seemingly,  a  foreboding  spirit,  which  he  communicated  not,  save  to 
his  God.  But  even  this  was  sufficient  to  excite  vague  apprehensions 
in  a  family  always  ready  to  note  and  dwell  upon  whatsoever  might 
seem  to  bode  danger  to  a  friend  so  dear. 

"  On  Monday  he  was  confined  to  his  room.  No  serious  apprehen- 
sions were  entertained,  but  a  physician  was  called  in  —  it  was  only  a 
cold.  On  Tuesday,  he  was  worse,  but  we  feared  not  the  result. — On 
Wednesday,  he  was  much  worse — so  much  so  as  to  excite  alarm.  On 
the  evening  of  this  day  it  was  discovered  that  the  disease  was  erysi- 
pelas— a  new  enemy,  of  which  Mr.  Wirt  then  expressed  his  fears  — 
'  it  was  not  the  foe  with  which  he  had  been  so  long  accustomed  to 
contend.' 

"  His  constitution  was  too  weak,  as  the  physicians  apprehended,  to 
stand  the  vigorous  treatment  which  would  have  been  most  efficient  'r. 
dcstroying  the  disease.  By  Friday,  the  alarm  had  become  very  se- 
rious.    The  door  was  crowded  by  anxious  enquiring  friends. 


Chap.  XX.] 


HIS  DEATH. 


367 


"  On  Saturday,  scarcely  a  glimmer  of  liope  was  left  us.  Death, 
from  the  fii'st  day  of  his  illness,  had  continued  to  approach  with  a 
steady  pace,  and  in  a  form  more  than  usually  hideous.  The  fine  coun- 
tenance so  bright  with  intellect,  so  beaming  with  benevolence,  was 
sadly  altered. 

''  The  attending  physicians  were  Doctors  Hunt  and  Hall.  None 
could  have  been  more  anxiously  attentive.  The  latter  stayed  by  him 
every  night,  for  the  last  four  or  five. 

"About  noon,  on  Monday,  consciousness  returned,  and  he  had 
power  to  speak  a  few  words.  Nature  had  made  a  last  effort  to  permit 
him  to  take  leave  of  his  family  and  friends,  to  give  them  assurance 
that  he  died  in  Christian  hope,  and  to  join  with  them  in  prayer  to 
God.  The  Reverend  Mr.  Post  officiated.  In  so  much  of  the  prayer 
as  related  to  his  family  and  his  own  acceptance  with  Heaven,  he 
seemed  heartily  to  join  ;  but  when  a  petition  was  offered  that  he  might 
be  restored  to  health,  he  audibly  dissented — no,  no  ! 

''  During  the  last  eighteen  hours  he  was  tranquil  as  a  child.  Tues- 
day morning  life  flickered  more  faintly  and  all  pulse  was  gone."  He 
died  at  eleven  o'clock  on  that  morning,  February  18th,  1834." 

This  sad  event  concludes  our  narrative  of  the  life  of  a  man  who 
combined,  in  the  most  beautiful  proportions,  great  talents  with  great 
virtues,  and  whose  example  is  equally  illustrious  for  the  instruction  it 
imparts  towards  the  improvement  of  the  mind,  and  of  the  aifections. 

Wherever  the  announcement  of  the  death  of  William  Wirt  was 
heard,  it  was  received  with  unaffected  sorrow.  At  the  Capitol,  per- 
sons of  every  condition  and  of  all  political  parties,  united  in  a  sincere 
tribute  to  that  exalted  worth  which  had  no  enemies,  and  which  had  a 
friend  in  every  ingenuous  heart. 

On  the  18th,  the  Supreme  Court,  immediately  upon  its  meeting, 
adjourned  until  the  following  day.  The  members  of  the  Bar  assem- 
bled in  the  court-room.  The  Attorney-General,  Mr.  Butler,  was 
called  to  the  chair,  and  Mr.  Sergeant  of  Philadelphia  was  appointed 
secretary, — when  Jlr.  Webster  addressed  the  meeting  as  follows : 

"  It  is  announced  to  us  that  one  of  the  oldest,  one  of  the  ablest, 
one  of  the  most  distinguished  members  of  this  Bar,  has  departed  this 
mortal  life.     William  Wirt  is  no  more  !     He  has  this  day  closed  a 


368  NOTICE   OF  IT  BY  THE  BAR  [1833—1834. 

professional  career  among  the  longest  and  most  brilliant  ■which  the 
distinguished  members  of  the  profession  in  the  United  States  have  at 
any  time  accomplished.  Unsullied  in  every  thing  which  regards  pro- 
fessional honour  and  integrity,  patient  of  labour,  and  rich  in  those 
stores  of  learning  which  are  the  reward  of  patient  labour  and  patient 
labour  only ;  and  if  ccjualled;  yet  certainly  allowed  not  to  be  excelled, 
in  fervent,  animated,  and  persuasive  eloquence,  he  has  left  an  exam- 
ple which  those  who  seek  to  raise  themselves  to  great  heights  of  pro- 
fessional eminence,  will  hereafter  emulously  study.  Fortunate,  indeed, 
will  be  the  few  who  shall  imitate  it  successfully  ! 

''  As  a  public  man,  it  is  not  our  peculiar  duty  to  speak  of  Mr.  Wirt 
here.  His  character,  in  that  respect,  belongs  to  his  country,  and  to 
the  history  of  his  country.  And,  sir,  if  we  were  to  speak  of  him  in 
his  private  life  and  in  his  social  relations,  all  we  could  possibly  say 
of  his  urbanity,  his  kindness,  the  faithfulness  of  his  friendships,  and 
the  warmth  of  his  affections,  would  hardly  seem  suflBciently  strong 
and  glowing  to  do  him  justice,  in  the  feeling  and  judgment  of  those 
who,  sepai-ated  noAV  for  ever  from  his  embraces,  can  only  enshrine  his 
memory  in  their  bleeding  hearts.  Nor  may  we,  sir,  more  than  allude 
to  that  other  relation,  which  belonged  to  him,  and  belongs  to  us  all ; 
that  high  and  paramount  relation  which  connects  man  with  his  Maker. 
It  may  be  permitted  us,  however,  to  have  the  pleasure  of  recording 
his  name,  as  one  who  felt  a  deep  sense  of  religious  duty,  and  who 
placed  all  his  hopes  of  the  future  in  the  truth  and  in  the  doctrines 
of  Christianity. 

"  But  our  particular  ties  to  him  were  the  tics  of  our  profession 
He  was  our  brother  and  he  was  our  friend.  With  talents,  powerful 
enough  to  excite  the  strength  of  the  strongest,  with  a  kindness  both 
of  heart  and  of  manner  capable  of  warming  and  winning  the  coldest 
of  his  brethren,  he  has  now  completed  the  term  of  his  professional 
life  and  of  his  earthly  existence,  in  the  enjoyment  of  the  high  respect 
and  cordial  affections  of  us  all.  Let  us  then,  sir,  hasten  to  pay  to  his 
memory  the  well-deserved  tribute  of  our  i-egard.  Let  us  lose  no  time 
in  testifying  our  sense  of  our  loss,  and  in  expressing  our  grief  that  one 
great  light  of  our  profession  is  extinguished  for  ever." 

This  speech  was  concluded  by  a  scries  of  resolutions  expressive  of 
the  respect  of  the  bar,  and  their  condolence  with  the  family  of  the 


Chap.  XX.]    AND  BENCH  OF  THE  SUPREME  COURT. 


369 


deceased.  Mr.  Southard  was  selected  by  this  meeting  to  pronounce 
a  discourse  upon  Mr.  Wirt's  professional  character  and  vu-tues ;  and 
a  committee  appointed  to  request  that  the  body  might  be  interred  in 
the  city  of  Washington,  and  the  professional  brethren  of  the  deceased 
be  permitted  to  raise  a  suitable  monument  to  his  memory. 

On  the  next  day  the  Attorney-General,  in  compliance  with  the 
instructions  of  this  meeting,  presented  its  proceedings  to  the  Court, 
concluding  an  appropriate  reference  to  the  subject,  with  these  words : 

"  It,  therefore,  only  remains  that  I  should  ask,  in  the  name  of  the 
assembled  bar, — and,  in  reference  to  such  a  man  as  William  Wirt,  I 
may  add,  in  the  name  of  the  whole  legal  profession  of  our  country, — 
that  this  humble  tribute  to  ability  and  worth,  this  faint  but  sincere 
expression  of  deep  regret,  be  incorporated  in  the  records  of  this 
Court." 

Chief  Justice  Marshall  replied — 

"  The  Court  have  received  intelligence  of  the  afflicting  event  which 
has  produced  the  meeting  of  the  Bar,  and  the  application  just  made, 
with  those  emotions  which  it  was  but  too  well  calculated  to  excite.  I 
am  sure  I  utter  the  sentiment  of  all  my  brethren  when  I  say  we  par- 
ticipate sincerely  in  the  feelings  expressed  from  the  Bar.  We,  too, 
gentlemen,  have  sustained  a  loss  it  will  be  difficult,  if  not  impossible, 
to  repair.  In  performing  the  arduous  duties  assigned  to  us,  we  have 
been  long  aided  by  the  diligent  research  and  lucid  reasoning  of  him 
whose  loss  we  unite  with  you  in  deploring.  We  too,  gentlemen,  in 
common  with  you,  have  lost  the  estimable  friend  in  the  powerful  ad- 
vocate. Most  heartily  do  we  assent  to  the  motion  which  has  been 
made." 

The  funeral  took  place  on  the  20th.  The  highest  honours  were 
rendered  to  it.  Both  Houses  of  Congress  adjourned,  to  enable  their 
members  to  attend  the  body  to  the  tomb.  Such  a  proceeding  had 
never  yet  been  accorded  by  the  National  Legislature,  except  to  de- 
ceased members  of  one  or  the  other  House.-  In  the  procession  were 
seen  the  President  of  the  United  States,  the  Vice-President,  the 
Heads  of  Departments,  the  Diplomatic  Corps,  the  Bench  and  Bar  of 
the  Supreme  Court,  the  members  of  the  two  Houses  of  Congress, 
officers  of  the  Army  and  Navy,  and  a  large  concourse  of  private  citi- 
zens.    The  body  was  conducted  to  the  National  Cemetery,  and  aroimd 

Y 


370 


NOTICE  OF  IT  IX  CONGRESS. 


[1833—1834. 


the  tomb  were  gathered  the  most  ilhistrioiis  of  the  land.  Adams, 
Jackson,  Calhoun-  Van  Buren,  Marshall,  Story,  Clay,  Webster, 
Southard,  Taney,  Binney,  Sergeant,  Woodbury,  Everett,  Cass,  Ge- 
nerals Scott  and  Macomb,  Rogers  and  Chauncey,  and  many  others 
whose  renown  in  council,  in  court,  in  camp  and  on  sea,  have  added 
lustre  to  the  history  of  the  nation,  were  the  witnesses  to  the  laj-ing 
down  of  the  remains  of  William  Wirt  in  their  last  resting-place. 

The  proceedings  of  the  House  of  Representatives  on  the  21st  of 
February,  are  worthy  of  special  notice.  They  afford  us  an  opportu- 
nity to  record  an  eloquent  tribute  from  John  Quincy  Adams  to  the 
merits  of  his  friend  and  companion  through  many  years  of  public  ser- 
vice. No  one  could  speak  more  authentically  of  Mr.  Wirt  than  Mr. 
Adams.  No  praise  could  be  more  sincere  nor  more  discriminating 
than  his.  I  give  the  proceedings  to  which  I  refer,  as  I  find  them  in 
the  journals  of  the  day. 

"  When  the  Speaker  (IMr.  Stevenson,  of  Virginia,)  called  the  House 
to  order, 

"  Mr.  Adams  addressed  him,  before  the  reading  of  the  journal,  as 
follows : — 

"  Mr.  Speaker,  a  rule  of  this  House  directs  that  the  Speaker  shall 
examine  and  correct  the  journal  before  it  is  read.  I,  therefoi'e,  now 
rise,  not  to  make  a  motion,  nor  to  offer  a  resolution,  but  to  ask  the 
unanimous  consent  of  this  House  to  address  to  you  a  few  words,  with 
a  view  to  an  addition  which  I  wish  to  be  made  to  the  journal,  of  the 
adjournment  of  the  House  yesterday. 

"  The  Speaker,  I  presume,  would  not  feel  himself  authorized  to 
make  the  addition  in  the  journal  which  I  propose,  without  the  unani- 
mous consent  of  the  House ;  and  I  therefore  now  propose  it  before 
the  reading  of  the  journal. 

"  I  ask  that,  after  the  statement  of  the  adjournment  of  the  House, 
there  be  added  to  the  journal,  words  importing  that  it  was  to  give  the 
Speaker  and  members  of  the  House  the  opportunity  of  attending  the 
funeral  obsequies  of  William  Wirt. 

"  At  the  adjournment  of  the  House  on  Wednesday,  I  did  not  know 
what  the  arrangements  were,  or  would  be,  for  that  mournful  ceremon3^ 
Had  I  known  them,  I  should  have  moved  a  postponed  adjournment, 
which  would  have  enabled  us  to  join  in  the  duty  of  paying  the  last 


Chap.  XX.] 


SPEECH  OF  MR.  ADAMS. 


371 


tribute  of  respect  to  tlio  remains  of  a  mtin  who  was  an  ornament  of 
his  country  and  of  human  nature. 

"  The  customs  of  this  and  of  the  other  House  of  Congress,  warrant 
the  suspension  of  their  daily  labours  in  the  public  service,  for  attend- 
ance upon  funeral  rites,  only  in  cases  of  the  decease  of  their  own 
members.  To  extend  the  u.sage  farther,  might  be  attended  with  in- 
convenience as  a  precedent,  nor  should  I  have  felt  myself  warranted 
in  asking  it  upon  any  common  occasion. 

"  Mr.  Wirt  had  never  been  a  member  of  either  House  of  Congress. 
But  if  his  form  in  marble,  or  his  portrait  upon  canvass,  were  placed 
within  those  walls,  a  suitable  inscription  for  it  would  be  that  of  the 
statue  of  3Ioliere  in  the  Hall  of  the  French  Academy — '  Nothing  was 
wanting  to  his  glory  :  he  was  wanting  to  ours.' 

"  3Ir.  Wirt  had  never  been  a  member  of  Congress ;  but  for  a  period 
of  twelve  years,  during  two  successive  administrations  of  the  National 
Government,  he  had  been  the  official  and  confidential  adviser,  iipon 
all  questions  of  law,  of  the  Presidents  of  the  United  States;  and  he 
had  discharged  the  duties  of  that  station  entirely  to  the  sati.sfaction 
of  those  oflficcrs  and  of  the  country.  No  member  of  this  House 
needs  to  be  reminded  how  important  are  the  duties  of  the  Attorney- 
General  of  the  United  States ;  nor  risk  I  contradiction  in  afilrming 
that  they  were  never  more  ably  or  more  faithfully  discharged  than  by 
Mr.  Wirt. 

"  If  a  mind  stored  with  all  the  learning  appropriate  to  the  profes- 
sion of  the  law,  and  decorated  with  all  the  elegance  of  classical  litera- 
ture ;  if  a  spirit  imbued  with  the  sensibilities  of  a  lofty  patriotism, 
and  chastened  by  the  meditations  of  a  profound  philosophy;  if  a 
brilliant  imagination,  a  discerning  intellect,  a  sound  judgment,  an 
indefatigable  capacity,  and  vigorous  energy  of  application,  vivified 
with  an  ease  and  rapidity  of  elocution,  copious  without  redundance, 
and  select  without  affectation :  —  if  all  these,  united  with  a  sportive 
vein  of  humour,  an  inoffensive  temper,  and  an  angelic  purity  of  heart 
— if  all  tlu'-~e  in  their  combination  are  the  qualities  suitable  for  an 
Attorney-General  of  the  United  States, — in  him  they  were  all  emi- 
nently combined. 

"  But  it  is  not  my  purpose  to  pronounce  his  eulogy.  That  pleasing 
task  has  been  assigned  to  abler  hands,  and  to  a  more  suitable  occa- 


372 


SPEECH  OF  MR.  ADAMS. 


[1833—1834. 


sion.  He  will  there  be  presented  in  other,  though  not  less  interesting 
lights.  As  the  penetrating  delineator  of  manners  and  character  in 
the  British  Spy — as  the  biographer  of  Patrick  Henry,  dedicated  to 
the  young  men  of  your  native  commonwealth  —  as  the  friend  and 
delight  of  the  social  circle — as  the  husband  and  father  in  the  bosom 
of  a  happy,  but  now  most  aiflicted  family, — in  all  these  characters  I 
have  known,  admired  and  loved  him ;  and  now,  witnessing,  from  the 
very  windows  of  this  hall,  the  last  act  of  piety  and  affection  over  his 
remains,  I  have  felt  as  if  this  House  could  scarcely  fulfil  its  high  and 
honourable  duties  to  the  country  which  he  had  served,  without  some 
slight,  be  it  but  a  transient  notice  of  his  decease.  The  addition  which 
I  propose  to  the  journal  of  yesterday's  adjournment,  would  be  such  a 
notice.  It  would  give  his  name  an  honourable  place  on  the  recorded 
annals  of  his  countrj^,  in  a  manner  equally  simple  and  expressive.  I 
will  only  add,  that  while  I  feel  it  peculiarly  incumbent  upon  nie  to 
make  this  proposal,  I  am  sensible  that  it  is  not  a  fit  subject  for  debate; 
and,  if  objected  to,  I  desire  you  to  consider  it  as  withdrawn." 

"  The  Chair  stated  that  the  rule  in  reference  to  the  journal  which 
had  been  read,  referred  to  the  duties  of  the  Speaker  when  out  of  the 
chair,  not  in  it.  The  Speaker  had  not  felt  himself  warranted  to  insert 
any  further  record  in  the  journal  of  yesterday,  than  the  simple  fact 
of  the  adjournment;  but  if  it  was  the  pleasure  of  the  House  that 
the  clause  proposed  should  be  added,  the  Chair  would  most  cheerfully 
assent. 

"  Mr.  J.  K.  Mann,  of  Pennsylvania,  objecting — 

"  Mr.  Blair,  of  South  Carolina,  inquired  whether  the  pleasure  of 
the  House  could  be  obstructed  by  the  objection  of  a  single  member? 

"  The  Chair  said,  that  if  a  motion  should  be  made,  a  majority  of 
the  House  could,  of  course,  have  their  journal  modified  to  suit  their 
own  pleasure. 

"  j\Ir.  Adams  then  observed,  that  he  had  hoped  no  objection  would 
have  been  made ;  but  as  it  seemed  not  to  be  sustained  by  the  general 
sense  of  the  House,  he  would  renew  his  motion  that  the  clause  he  had 
read  be  added  to  the  journal  of  yesterday's  proceedings. 

"  The  question  being  put,  it  was  agTeed  to  without  a  division,  by 
nearly  an  unanimous  vote." 

Whilst  these  scenes  occupied  those  who  sojourned  in  the  capital  of 


CnAr.  XXI.]  HIS  PERSONAL  APPEARANCE.  373 

the  United  States,  the  tidings  which  diffused  through  the  country  the 
knowledge  of  the  loss  it  had  sustained,  were  everywhere  received  with 
becoming  expressions  of  respect  and  mourning.  The  Bench  and  Bar, 
in  almost  every  State,  paid  the  honours  of  a  recorded  testimony  to 
their  opinion  of  the  merits  of  William  Wirt.  A  large  circle  of  friends 
in  Jlaryland  and  Virginia — the  first,  the  land  of  his  birth  and  latest 
residence ;  the  other,  that  of  his  most  cherished  associations — lamented 
him,  gone,  with  an  affectionate  remembrance  which  few  men  were 
able  so  profoundly  to  inspire ;  and  that  nearer  group,  which  nature 
had  allied  to  his  blood  and  kindred,  ever  amongst  whom  his  "  coming 
was  a  gladness,"  and  his  presence  a  centre  of  continual  joy  and  love, 
bewailed  his  loss  with  a  grief  too  sacred  for  the  intrusive  notice  of 
these  pages. 


CHAPTER    XXI. 

HIS  PERSONAL  APPEARANCE. — MANNERS. — CONVERSATION. — THE 
NIGHT  OF  THE  SNUFE-BOX.  —  HIS  FONDNESS  FOR  YOUNG  PER- 
SONS.— SCENE  AT  ANNAPOLIS. REMEMBRANCE  OF  OLD  FRIENDS. 

LOVE    OF    MUSIC. STORY-TELLING. SCENES    AT    BERKELEY 

DURING  THE  CHOLERA. DOGGREL  VERSES. EPIGRAM. — PROFI- 
CIENCY IN  CLASSICAL  STUDY. SENECA. PROFESSIONAL  CHA- 
RACTER.  STYLE  OF  HIS  ORATORY. HIS  MANNER  OF  SPEAKING. 

PREPARATION. DISLIKE    OF    DINNER-TABLE    SPEECHES. — HIS 

RELIGIOUS  CHARACTER. EARLY  IMPRESSIONS. ACTIVE  PARTI- 
CIPATION  IN   BENEVOLENT   SOCIETIES. THEOLOGICAL  STUDIES, 

PREFACE    TO    RENNELL's    ^'RE^fARIvS    ON    SCEPTICISM." HIS 

RELIGIOUS  TOLERANCE. — DISLIKE  OF  ENTHUSIASM. — SINCERITY 
OF   CHARACTER. 

In  the  prime  of  his  life,  Mr.  Wirt  was  remarked  for  his  personal 
beauty.  With  a  tall  figure,  ample  chest  and  erect  carriage,  there  was 
no  great  appearance  of  muscular  strength,  but  a  conspicuous  ease  and 
grace  of  motion.  His  head  was  large,  and  in  good  proportion  to  his 
frame ;  the  features  of  his  face  strongly  defined.     A  large  nose,  thiu 

Vol.  IL  — 32 


374 


MANNERS., 


and  accurately  formed  lips,  a  chin  "whose  breadth  gave  to  his  counte- 
nance an  approximation  to  the  square  rather  than  the  oval  outline — 
clear,  dark  blue  eyes,  looking  out  beneath  brows  of  widest  compass, 
and  the  whole  surmounted  by  an  expanded  and  majestic  forehead — 
imparted  dignity  and  intellectual  prominence  to  a  physiognomy  which 
the  sculptor  delighted  to  study.  A  curled,  crisp  and  vigorous  growth 
of  hair — in  his  latter  days  almost  white — clustered  upon  his  front, 
and  gave  an  agreeable  effect  to  the  outline  of  his  head  and  face. 

Towards  the  close  of  his  life,  severe  study  and  the  infirmities  of 
his  constitution  had  made  a  visible  trace  upon  his  exterior.  He  lost 
somewhat  of  his  firm  and  perpendicular  port ;  his  complexion  became 
sallow ;  his  eye  faded  into  a  lighter  blue,  though  it  grew  even  kindlier 
in  expression. 

His  letters  sufficiently  indicate  the  character  of  his  manners.  They 
were  gentle,  courteous  and  winning.  His  voice  was  clear  and  sweet, 
and  variously  modulated  by  an  ear  of  the  finest  musical  perception. 
His  laugh,  never  boisterous,  was  sly,  short,  and  full  of  the  gaiety  of 
his  temper.  Few  men  ever  had  a  keener  insight  of  the  ludicrous. 
It  never  escaped  him,  however  little  he  might  be  on  the  watch  for  it. 
Sterne,  for  this  reason,  amused  him  above  all  other  authors  in  light 
literature.  The  quiet  humour  of  Tristram  Shandy,  and  those  exqui- 
site drolleries  which  lie  in  ambush  in  every  page,  were  the  most 
familiar  recollections  of  his  reading.  Many  of  them  may  be  found 
covertly  lurking  through  his  letters. 

His  conversation  was  exceedingly  attractive.  It  seldom  fell  into 
discourse,  but  played  with  all  kinds  of  amusing  topics.  It  was  sug- 
gestive, provoking  thought  in  others,  and  fortifying  them  with  oppor- 
tunity to  contribute  somewhat  to  the  purpose,  from  their  own  reflection 
or  memory.  No  man  was  more  free  from  that  odious  habit  of  endea- 
vouring to  say  "smart  things,"  which  sometimes  misleads  even  per- 
sons of  good  repute  for  social  talent. 

Wirt's  playfulness  was  contagious.  It  made  his  friends  forget  the 
time  which  was  running  by,  and  even  the  good  cheer  of  a  convivial 
meeting.  An  amusing  evidence  of  this  occurred  in  Baltimore,  before 
he  became  a  resident  of  that  city.  He  was  returning  one  night,  about 
ten  o'clock,  to  his  lodgings  from  a  visit,  when  his  friend  Meredith  met 
him  in  the  street,  and  invited  him  to  join  a  little  family  party  at  his 


Chap.  XXI] 


A  NIGHT  WITH  A  SNUFF-BOX. 


375 


house,  at  supper.  Wirt,  either  doirbtful  whether  his  friend  was  ia 
earnest, — for  the  character  of  the  inte  course  between  them  often  ren- 
dered this  a  difficult  point  to  determine, — or  struck  with  the  incon- 
gruity of  his  challenge  to  a  supper,  when  he  was  about  retiring  to  his 
bed,  answered  IMeredith's  invitation  in  a  jocular  way,  saying,  "  Yes, 
I'll  come,  and  I'll  give  you  enough  of  it."  On  Frred'th's  return 
home,  he  found  there  Dr.  Pattison, — who  was  then  a  resiocnt  of  Bal- 
timore, now  a  distinguished  physician  of  Philadelphia, — and  detained 
him  to  supper.  Wirt  had  not  come  when  the  party  sat  down  to  table, 
and  Meredith  had  ceased  to  expect  him,  when,  near  the  conclusion  of 
the  supper,  he  made  his  appearance.  He  took  his  seat,  ate  very  mo- 
derately and  drank  less.  The  supper  was  removed,  and  Wirt  gave  an 
intimation  to  the  ladies  who  were  present,  that,  as  it  was  bed-time, 
they  had  better  retire.  They  obeyed ;  and  Meredith,  the  Doctor  and 
Wirt  found  themselves  sitting  at  the  table  alone.  The  cloth  was 
drawn,  and  a  small  residuum  of  a  decanter  of  Scotch  whiskey,  perhap.s, 
was  the  only  drinkable  before  them.  That  remained  untouched,  and 
was  finally  taken  away.  A  snufi"-box  was  placed  on  the  table,  and  the 
party,  as  Meredith  and  Doctor  Pattison  supposed,  was  about  to  break 
up,  it  being  after  midnight.  But  Wirt  was  in  excellent  mood  for  con- 
versation, and  gave  full  play  to  all  his  resources.  He  took  snuif  freely, 
told  stories  of  a  lively  cast,  mooted  questions  of  science,  of  the  gravest 
as  well  as  the  lightest  import,  provoked  jocular  discussions,  and,  in 
short,  raised  his  comrades  to  a  key  of  enjoyment  as  high  as  his  own. 
No  one  thought  of  the  hour.  They  were  eventually  aroused  to  a  con- 
sideration of  the  time  they  had  spent  over  their  solitary  snuff-box,  by 
the  entrance  of  the  servant  and  the  opening  of  the  shutters,  which 
disclosed  to  them  the  broad  daylight.  Wirt  had  premeditated  this 
adventure,  and  was  greatly  amused  at  his  success,  when  he  found  his 
companions  expressing  their  amazement  at  this  unconscious  lapse  of 
the  night. 

The  simplicity  and  sincerity  of  his  manners  attracted  to  him  the 
friendship  of  pei-sons  of  every  class ;  but  they  seemed  to  win,  in  an 
especial  degree,  the  confidence  of  the  young.  He  was  very  fond  of 
boys.  They  are  apt  to  discover  this  trait  in  their  friend,  and  to  pre- 
Bume  upon  it.  In  this  respect  they  have  something  resembling  that 
canine  instinct,  by  which  dogs  seem  to  know  from  whom  they  may 


876 


A  SWIMMING  PARTY, 


expect  caresses.  I  remembei*;  on  one  occasion,  to  have  seen  Mr.  Wirt 
leather  annoyed  by  this. 

The  Court  of  Appeals  of  jMaryland  hold  their  summer  term  at  An- 
napolis in  June  and  July.  The  members  of  the  bar  from  various 
parts  of  the  State  assemble  here  at  this  season,  and  are  generally 
lodged  in  one  hotel.  When  Mr.  Wirt  was  Attorney-General,  he  regu- 
larly attended  this  court.  He  and  3Ir.  Meredith  usually  occupied  a 
large  comfortable  chamber  in  the  hotel  in  common,  when  the  house 
was  too  much  crowded  to  allow  them  separate  apartments.  In  that 
day,  Annapolis  had  not  fully  advanced  to  that  stage  in  modern  pro- 
gress, which  made  the  traveller  always  sure  of  a  single-bedded  room, 
even  in  this,  the  chief  tavern  of  the  city.  INIost  of  the  rooms  of  this 
house  were  still  arranged  in  the  old  fashion,  very  large,  with  several 
windows  to  each  room,  and  these  generally  without  shutters.  Each 
chamber  furnished  accommodation  for  a  little  squad  of  legislators  in 
winter,  and  of  lawyers  in  the  summer. 

The  weather,  during  the  sitting  of  the  court,  was  often  very  hot. 
The  bench  and  bar  made  a  mess  who  dined  together;  and  it  was  usual, 
after  dinner,  when  the  allowance  of  champagne  was  exhausted,  to  spend 
an  horn*  in  the  evening  siesta.  Sometimes,  instead  of  sleeping,  seve- 
ral gathered  together  in  one  room,  and  amused  themselves  in  that  easy 
and  sportive  story-telling  diversion,  which  is  characteristic  of  the  lei- 
sure of  the  profession.  Wirt's  and  Meredith's  room  was  apt  to  be  the 
resort  of  a  little  "  college  of  wit-crackers"  at  these  times.  Not  unfre- 
quently,  two  or  three  might  be  seen  stretched  on  one  of  the  beds,  with 
their  feet  set  up  against  each  bed-post,  whilst  Wirt,  in  a  loose,  light 
wrapper,  either  walked  the  room  or  sat  in  the  breeze  of  the  window, 

indulging  in  all  kinds  of  waggery, — especially  against  M ,  who 

was  very  able  to  take  cai'e  of  himself  in  these  encounters, — or  talking 
over  old  scenes  of  the  Virginia  bar,  or  suggesting  odd  questions  for 
debate  :  in  short,  amusing  the  company  with  whatever  crotchet  his 
playful  mind  invented.  As  the  sun  went  down,  his  thoughts  were 
directed  to  a  swimming  party  in  the  Severn,  which  was  a  favoui'ite 
recreation  after  a  hot  day.  "  The  hour-  is  come,"  I  have  heard  him 
say;  "let  us  be  off,  boys."  Every  one  gladly  obeyed  his  summons; 
and  some  eight  or  ten  set  out  for  the  college  green,  which  jutted  down, 
in  a  beautiful  promontory,  upon  an  exquisite  sheet  of  clear  water. 


CHAr.  XXI.]       REMEMBRANCE  OF  OLD  FRIENDS. 


377 


This  formed  a  secluded  little  lake  in  the  rear  of  St.  John's  College, 
shaded  by  the  dark  foliage  which  overhung  a  large  portion  of  its  i.iar- 
gin.  On  one  occasion,  whilst  our  party  was  m  the  water,  the  boys  of 
the  college  had  taken  possession  of  a  neighbouring  point  of  land,  which 
gave  them  access  to  the  same  swimming-gi-ound.  This  troop  had  no 
sooner  got  afloat,  before  they  became  aware  that  the  Attorney-General 
was  on  the  deep.  He  might  be  descried  by  that  white  curly  head, 
and  by  the  laughing  face  with  which  he  buffeted  the  wave.  In  this 
unsophisticated  state,  the  boys  seemed  to  think  all  distinctions  of  rank 
and  age  were  broken  down ;  and  so,  with  one  accord,  the  whole  squad- 
ron directed  their  course  towards  him,  surrounded  him,  as  hounds  the 
swimming  stag,  contracted  their  circle,  and  commenced  upon  him  a 
furious  onslought,  in  showers  of  water  dashed  upon  him  with  their 
hands.  His  laugh  was  heard  ringing  above  the  clamour  around  him, 
and  his  hand  was  seen  returning  the  blow  as  steadily  as  the  best  of 
them ;  but,  overcome  at  last,  he  was  obliged  to  beg  for  quarter.  The 
boys,  having  won  the  victory,  retired.  The  Attorney-General,  too 
good-natured  to  chide,  found  it  necessary  to  be  more  careful  afterwards 
in  the  selection  of  his  hour  for  bathing. 

He  delighted  in  old  remembrances  of  pleasant  persons  and  things, 
meditating  on  the  good  he  had  observed  in  character,  and  charitably 
passing  over  the  bad.  "In  the  whole  of  my  intercourse  with  him," 
said  a  gentleman  who  knew  him  well,  "  I  never  heard  a  remark  fall 
from  his  lips  that  was  tainted  with  bad  feeling.  His  heart  appeared 
to  have  his  memory  in  keeping,  and  though  his  sarcastic  observation 
sometimes  induc(;d  him  to  pour  forth  sallies  lively  and  severe,  there 
was  always  some  redeeming  praise  to  shield  the  breast  from  the  dart 
he  aimed  at  it.  He  would  not,  for  worlds,  have  purchased  a  smile  at 
the  expense  of  the  feelings  of  a  friend." 

He  took  pleasure  in  speaking  of  the  merits  of  persons  in  humble 
life,  —  old  comrades  or  old  servants,  —  especially  such  as  had  been 
roughly  handled  by  the  world.  The  slightest  kindness  was  indelibly 
engraven  upon  his  heart.  He  never  forgot  the  author  of  it,  nor  his 
generations.  The  children,  and  the  children's  children  of  an  early 
benefactor,  received  his  acknowledgments  and  useful  service,  when- 
ever the  fortune  of  life  brought  them  to  his  notice. 

He  had  a  great  fondness  for  music,  and  no  small  proficiency  in  it. 
32* 


O  (  O 


SCENES  AT  BERKELEY. 


He  often  amnsed  himself  with  writing  down  tunes  from  his  memory, 
and,  perhaps,  sometimes  composing  in  a  small  way.  This  taste  in- 
duced him  to  cultivate  the  musical  talent  of  his  children ;  and  they 
all  excelled  in  the  art.  Many  friends  in  Washington  and  Baltimore 
will  remember  the  pleasant  family  concerts  which  the  gi'oup  around 
]Mr.  Wirt's  fireside  were  accustomed  to  supply.  During  that  period 
when  the  cholera  detained  him  and  his  household  at  Berkeley  Springs, 
— in  August  and  September,  1832, — those  who  were  there  with  him 
cannot  forget  the  well-arranged  little  musical  parties  of  the  evening, 
in  which  he  and  his  children  were  the  only  performers.  Being  my- 
self, for  a  portion  of  this  time,  one  of  the  company,  I  recall,  with 
especial  interest,  the  incidents  of  our  sojourn.  In  September,  the 
Springs  were  nearly  deserted.  Not  more  than  twenty  pereons  re- 
mained to  occupy  two  large  houses,  which,  a  few  weeks  before,  had 
been  full.  Mr.  Wirt's  family,  with  half  a  dozen  other  individuals, 
lodged  in  one  house.  During  the  day-time,  we  rode  on  horseback, 
bathed,  and  lounged  about  the  deserted  grounds.  In  our  rides  we 
sometimes  visited  the  country  people,  where  Mr.  Wirt  found  a  great 
entertainment  in  learning  all  about  them.  He  picked  up,  on  these 
occasions,  some  materials  for  ghost  or  witch  stories,  which  he  trea- 
sured up  for  use  in  the  evening.  When  night  came,  the  little  party 
of  lodgers  gathered  into  a  small  parlour  where  there  was  a  piano,  and 
our  concert  began.  When  that  was  finished,  and  the  bed-hour  was 
at  hand,  all  were  summoned  around  Mr.  Wirt  to  hear  a  most  horrify- 
ing tale  of  witchcraft,  or  of  a  haunted  wood,  or  of  the  horse  that 
could  see  a  spectre.  He  began  these  stories  with  such  an  exciting 
prelude  of  his  own  apprehensions,  and  with  such  a  foreshadowing  of 
what  was  to  come,  that  the  listeners  grew  exceedingly  eager  and 
serious,  and  huddled  together  as  near  as  they  could  draw  their  chairs. 
The  story  was  artfully  managed  to  keep  up  this  interest;  and  although 
the  ghost,  at  the  end,  was  apt  to  turn  out  to  be  no  ghost  after  all,  the 
great  amusement  of  the  evening  was  to  see  with  what  faint-hearted- 
ness  the  younger  portion  of  the  auditory  took  their  candles,  and  set 
off  to  walk  to  their  distant  sleeping-room.s,  through  the  long,  naked 
passages  of  the  empty  house,  where  every  foot-fall  gave  back  a  fearful 
echo  that  made  their  hearts  quake.  They  departed  generally  in 
mass,  —  then  broke  into  pairs  :  the  rapid  beat  of  footsteps, — a  shriek 


Chap.  XXI.] 


VERSE-MAKING. 


379 


—  and  a  laugh,  told  very  distinctly  the  serio-comic  terrors  of  the 
journey  to  the  bed-room. 

The  expectation  of  a  fresh  story  every  night,  and  the  gratification 
of  it,  gave  zest  always  to  the  hour,  and  converted  the  sojourn  at  the 
Springs,  diu'ing  the  period  of  the  pestilence,  into  another  Decameron, 
not  unlike  that  which  Boccacio  has  made  immortal. 

Mr.  Wirt  once  said  to  a  friend,  that,  in  looking  over  his  old  papers, 
ho  was  amused  to  discover  he  had  sometimes  fancied  himself  a  poet. 
I  find,  amongst  the  relics  of  his  manuscript,  some  little  evidence  of 
this  fancy.  He  never  very  assiduously  cultivated  the  art  of  rhyme, 
but  he  still  had  a  facility  in  it  which  he  would  not  have  found  it  diffi- 
cult to  improve.  His  intercom-se  with  Judge  Tucker,  Judge  Cabell 
and  his  brother,  and  some  other  intimate  friends,  whilst  he  lived  in 
Richmond,  furnished  frequent  occasion  for  wit  in  doggrel  and  fun  in 
rhyme,  which  was  not  sparingly  improved.  I  find  some  songs  which 
belong  to  this  association,  and  some  sallies  of  pleasantry,  which  afford 
better  memorials  of  the  free  jollity  and  fellowship,  and  sparkling  good 
humom*  of  the  comrades,  than  of  the  skill  with  which  they  compacted 
their  verses.  More  to  commemorate  the  former  quality  than  the 
latter,  I  have  selected  the  following  specimen  of  this  intercourse. 

Judge  Tucker  had  submitted  to  the  criticism  of  his  friend  what  he 
called  "a  Pindaric  Ode,"  by  "Jonathan  Pindar."  It  was  a  political 
satire  against  some  proceedings  in  New  England,  and  professed  to 
come  from  that  c^uarter.  Mr.  Wirt's  reply  is  directed  to  Jonathan 
Pindar,  in.  something  of  an  imitation  of  the  metre  of  the  ode. 


'Now,  brother  Jonathan,  I  vow 

1  tlnnk  as  how, 
Your  ode  is  very,  very  good ; 
I  do,  by  blood! 

It  has  the  fire 

Of  the  Theban  lyre, 
And  still  that  fire  covered  with  the  cinder, 
Marks  the  sly  humour  of  the  British  Pindar. 
If  short  it  is  as  McM — h— n  has  said, 
(Whose  works,  I  guess,  you  must  have  read) 

'Tis  a  Pindaric  Ode,  I  swear, 

'  In  imitation  of  Shakspeare.' 


380  VERSE-MAKIXG. 

But  yet  with  due  submission,  I  must  say, 

That  once  or  twice  your  rhymes  have  gone  astray; 

For  instance  —  neither  to  my  eye  or  ear 

Does  it  appear 

That  'Bernard' 
Forms  a  very  happy  rhyme  to  '  earned.' 

Again,  I  pray. 
As  I  am  ignorant  of  the  scaly  nation — 
— 'I  only  ask  for  information.' 
(Like  Diddler  in  the  play.) 
I  wish  to  know  if  whales 

Have  scales  ? 
I  do  confess  I  know  not  much  about  it. 

But  yet,  I  doubt  it. 

I  further  do  suspect  that '  Endicott' 
Presents  no  lawful  rhyme  to  '  cut.' 
Unless  my  ear  be  lame 
The  sounds  are  just  the  same. 
You  can't  deny  it,  sir,  the  thing  is  plain  ; 
For,  first  'tis  Endicott,  then  'cut'  and  come  again. 
Besides,  it  is  not  clear 
At  least,  to  my  dull  ear. 
As  happy  as  I  own  the  thought  to  be. 
That  'weaned' 
And  '  stained' 
In  point  of  rhyme  do  very  well  agree ; 

Unless,  to  make  it  plain, 
I,  like  an  Irishman,  would  call  '  wean '  '  wain.' 


Also,  with  bow  most  humble, 

To  Mr.  Trumbull, 
Crown'd,  as  he  is,  with  glory's  halo  bright, 
I  do  not  think  his  'Putnam' 
And  'mutton  'em' 
The  very  happiest  rhyme  that  ever  came  to  light. 
In  point  of  tone  'tis  somewhat  Hudibrastic, 
The  thought,  too,  sprightly  and  elastic: 
And,  being  so  much  like  Sir  Hudibras, 

For  once  might  pass. 


Chap.  XXL]  VERSE-MAKING.  381 

But  from  a  second  time,  I  think 

Tliat  I  should  shrink. 
Borrowing,  I  own,  is  not  a  crime, 

But  if  I  were  to  borrow, 
(A  thing  which  I  should  ever  do  with  sorrow; 
It  should  be  something  better  than  that  rhyme. 

Once  more,  sir,  by  your  leave, 

Although  I  see 

I  've  spoiled  your  glee. 
And  that  you  'd  gladly  have  a  short  reprieve : 

As  you  're  a  Yankee, 

I  would  thank  ye 
To  say  if  it  be  true  that  Yankee  mothers 

Do  give  the  same 

Baptismal  name 
Unto  two  Yankee  brothers] 
If  not,  sir,  tell  me,  I  request, 
By  whom  your  ode  is  signed— ^o  whom  addressed  1 

Thus,  sir,  instead  of  brilliant  witticisms, 

I  greet  you  with  a  set. 
As  dull  as  poet  ever  yet  did  fret. 

Of  hypercriticisms. 
Alas?— what  stuff  I  write! 

Heighho ! — good  night !" 


Here  is  an  epigram  from  an  album : 

"  Pray  can  you  tell  me  why,"  said  Tom  to  Will, 
"A  lady's  Album  is  so  hard  to  fill]" 
"Because,"  says  Will,  "the  lady  wit  exacts, 

And  wit  cannot  be  raised  by  direct  tax." 
•*  It  is  a  poll  tax,  William,"  Tom  replies. 
"  Then  it  is  worse  and  worse,  sir,"  William  cries. 
"An  equal  tax  from  every  head  exacted ! 

Blood  from  a  turnip,  sir,  was  ne'er  extracted." 

Wirt's  sins,  in  this  kind,  were  not  very  flagrant.  What  I  have 
brought  to  light,  therefore,  may  claim  indulgence.  I  should  not  have 
produced  them  at  all,  were  it  not  that  I  do  not  consider  my  task  com- 


382 


PROFICIENCY  IN  CLASSICAL  STUDY. 


plete  without  exhibiting  every  side  of  the  character  I  am  describing, 
as  it  was  seen  to  his  friends. 

I  proceed  to  the  graver  lineaments  of  his  character.  Mr.  Wirt 
was  a  highly  cultivated  and  well-read  Latin  scholar.  Few  men  pos- 
sessed a  nicer  perception  of  the  critical  beauties  of  the  classical  authors 
in  that  language,  or  found  greater  enjoyment  in  the  study  of  their 
philosophy.  He  knew  nothing  of  Greek,  and  often  deplored  his 
neglect  of  it.  But  in  the  literature  of  the  Latin  language  he  was 
highly  conversant.  There  was  scarcely  a  good  idea  in  Seneca,  Quin- 
tilian,  Horace  and  their  brother  moralists  and  poets — I  have  this  from 
the  personal  knowledge  of  a  gentleman  (himself  a  ripe  and  accom- 
plished scholar)  who,  as  a  student,  had  constant  access  to  Mr.  Wii-t's 
books — that  was  not  marked  and  marked  again  in  his  copies  of  their 
works.  A  pocket  edition  of  Horace  was  his  constant  companion  upon 
his  journeys.  Seneca  was  his  favourite.  He  often  snatched  up  the 
old  vellum-bound  copy — says  my  informant, — which  he  read  so  fre- 
quently, and  exclaimed — "  I  like  this  old  fellow :  he  is  so  full  of 
meaning.  They  accuse  him  of  false  fii-e.  But,  for  my  part,  I  admii-e 
his  antithetical  style.  His  sentences  are  so  pointed  and  brilliant;  and 
he  sometimes  reasons  so  like  a  Christian  philosopher,  that  one  can 
scarcely  tell  how  he  came  by  his  notions." 

In  more  than  one  letter  which  I  have  introduced  into  these  volumes, 
the  reader  has  observed  with  what  unction  he  employed  himself,  in 
the  latter  portion  of  his  life,  in  the  re-perusal  of  Cicero's  works,  and 
with  what  a  just  appreciation  of  their  merits,  both  in  matter  and  dic- 
tion, he  passed  his  judgment  upon  them.  This  devotion  to  classical 
literature,  enabled  him  often  at  the  bar  to  make  a  felicitous  illustra- 
tion of  a  thought  in  the  words  of  an  ancient  author,  in  which  his  suc- 
cess never  failed  to  attract  attention.  "  In  the  comi^any  of  men  of 
letters," — he  was  accustomed  to  say — ''there  is  no  higher  accom- 
plishment than  that  of  readily  making  an  apt  quotation  from  the  clas- 
sics ;  and  before  such  a  body  as  the  Supreme  Court  these  quotations 
^are  not  only  appropriate,  but  constitute  a  beautiful  aid  to  argument. 
They  mark  the  scholar, — which  is  always  agreeable  to  a  bench  that 
is  composed  of  scholars."* 


*  For  these  brief  notices  of  Sir.  Wirt's  studies,  I  am  indebted  to  my 
friend  Mr.  Wallis,  who  had  read  law  under  the  guidance  of  the  Attorney 
GeneraL 


Cha?.  XXI. 


VIEWS  OF  STUDY. 


383 


The  reader  has  had  constant  occasion  to  remark,  throughout  this 
Memoir,  Wirt's  ardent  devotion  to  his  profession.  To  attain  to  the 
highest  eminence  in  that  was  the  great  aim  of  his  ambition.  All 
other  studies — except  those  which  belonged  to  the  cultivation  of  his 
religious  faith  —  were  subsidiary  to  this  purpose.  A  great  ideal  of 
perfection  was  always  present  to  his  mind — that  "  ali({uid  vastum  et 
immensum"  to  which  he  so  frequently  refers — and  towards  which  he 
seemed  to  strive,  with  unceasing  effort,  to  the  last.  He  was  fond  of 
appealing  to  the  fame  of  the  great  luminaries  of  the  law,  in  the  way 
of  incentive  to  the  young,  urging  these  never  to  remit  their  labours 
whilst  strength  and  hope  remained.  "  I  wish  you,"  he  remarks  in  one 
of  his  letters  to  his  son-in-law,  Judge  Eandall — "  to  observe  particu- 
larly the  action  of  jMarshall's  mind,  —  of  whom  Pinkney  said,  the 
first  time  he  heard  an  opinion  from  him,  '  that  he  was  born  to  be  the 
Chief  Justice  of  any  country  into  which  Providence  should  have  cast 
him.'  I  wish  you  to  study  the  action  of  his  mind,  and  compare  it 
closely  and  carefully  with  that  of  i\Iansfield,  Hardwicke,  Kenyon  and 
Thurlow.  These  are  the  great  steamships  of  the  law,  to  which  we 
should  lash  ourselves  till  we  catch  and  learn  to  keep  their  momentum, 
and  become  steamships  in  our  turn." 

Such  models  he  ever  proposed  to  himself,  and  dedicated  the  day 
and  the  night  to  the  exploration  of  the  paths  they  trod.  He  became, 
in  the  maturity  of  his  career,  one  of  the  most  philosophic  and  accom- 
plished lawyers  of  his  time.  In  earlier  life,  he  was  remarked  for  a 
florid  imagination,  and  a  power  of  vivid  declamation, — faculties  which 
are  but  too  apt  to  seduce  their  possessor  to  waste  his  strength  in  that 
flimsier  eloquence,  which  more  captivates  the  crowd  without  the  bar, 
than  the  Judge  upon  the  bench,  and  whose  fatal  facility  often  ensnares 
ambitious  youth  capable  of  better  things,  by  its  cheap  applause  and 
temptation  to  that  indolence  which  may  be  indulged  without  loss  of 
popularity.  The  public  seem  to  have  ascribed  to  Mr.  Wirt  some  such 
reputation  as  this,  when  he  fiist  attracted  notice.  He  came  upon  the 
broader  theatre  of  his  fame  under  this  disadvantage.  He  was  aware 
of  it  himself,  and  laboured  with  matchless  perseverance  to  disabuse 
the  tribunals,  with  which  he  was  familiar,  of  this  disparaging  opinion. 
IIdw  he  succeeded,  his  compeers  at  the  bar  have  often  testified.  None 
amongst  them  ever  brought  to  the  judgment-seat  a  more  complete 


384  CHARACTER  OF  HIS  ELOQUENCE. 

preparation  for  trial :  —  none  ever  more  thoroughly  argued  a  cause 
through  minute  analysis  and  nice  discrimination  of  principles.  In 
logical  precision  of  mind,  clearness  of  statement,  full  investigation  of 
complicated  points,  and  close  comparison  of  precedents,  he  had  no 
superior  at  the  bar  of  the  Supreme  Court.  He  often  relieved  the 
tedium  of  argument  with  playful  sallies  of  wit  and  humour.  He  had 
a  prompt  and  effective  talent  for  this  exercise  to  which  his  extensive 
and  various  reading  administered  abundant  resource  ;  and  he  indulged 
it  not  less  to  the  gratification  of  his  auditory  than  to  the  aid  of  his 
cause, — for  polished  rhetoric  often  becomes  to  the  orator  a  masqued 
battery,  either  to  surprise  the  enemy  by  unexpected  attack  upon  an 
unguarded  point,  or,  by  concealment,  to  give  to  a  smaller  force  the 
power  of  one  of  greater  numbers.  In  such  tactics,  Mr.  Wirt  was 
well  versed.  In  sarcasm  and  invective  he  was  often  exceedingly 
strong,  and  denounced  with  a  power  which  made  transgressors  trem- 
ble ; — but  the  bent  of  his  nature  being  kindly  and  tolerant  of  error, 
be  took  more  pleasure  in  exciting  the  laugh,  than  in  conjm-ing  the 
spirit  of  censure  or  rebuke. 

His  manner  in  speaking  was  singularly  attractive.  His  manly 
form,  his  intellectual  countenance  and  musical  voice,  set  off  by  a  rare 
gracefulness  of  gesture,  won,  in  advance,  the  favour  of  his  auditory. 
He  was  calm,  deliberate  and  distinct  in  his  enunciation,  not  often 
rising  into  any  high  exhibition  of  passion,  and  never  sinking  into 
tameness.  His  key  was  that  of  earnest  and  animated  argument,  fre- 
quently alternated  with  that  of  a  playful  and  sprightly  humour.  His 
language  was  neat,  well  chosen,  and  uttered  without  impediment  or 
slovenly  repetition.  The  tones  of  his  voice  played,  with  a  natural 
skill,  through  the  various  cadences  most  appropriate  to.  express  the 
flitting  emotions  of  his  mind,  and  the  changes  of  his  thought.  To 
these  external  properties  of  his  elocution  we  may  ascribe  the  pleasure 
which  persons  of  all  conditions  found  in  listening  to  him.  Women 
often  orowded  the  court-rooms  to  hear  him,  and  as  often  astonished 
him,  not  only  by  the  patience,  but  the  visible  enjoyment  with  which 
they  were  wont  to  sit  out  his  argument  to  the  end, — even  when  the 
topic  was  too  dry  to  interest  them,  or  too  abstruse  for  them  to  under- 
stand his  discourse.  It  was  the  charm  of  manner,  of  which  the 
delicate  tact  of  woman  is  ever  found  to  be  the  truest  gauge  and  the 


Chap.  XXL] 


HABIT  OF  PREPARATION. 


most  appreciative  judge.  His  oratory  was  not  of  that  strong,  bold 
and  impetuous  natui'e  which  is  often  the  chief  characteristic  of  the 
highest  eloquence,  and  which  is  said  to  sway  the  Senate  with  absolute 
dominion,  and  to  imprison  or  set  free  the  storm  of  human  passion, 
in  the  multitude,  according  to  the  speaker's  will.  It  was  smooth, 
polished,  scholar-like,  sparkling  with  pleasant  fancies,  and  beguiling 
the  listener  by  its  vai-ied  graces,  out  of  all  note  or  consciousness  of 
time. 

He  required  preparation,  and  was  most  industrious  in  his  applica- 
tion to  it,  rarely  allowing  himself  to  address  courts  or  juries  until  he 
had  had  time  to  adjust  his  ideas  and  arrange  the  order  of  his  discourse. 
He  had,  indeed,  a  great  aversion  to  extemporary  speaking,  and  always 
avoided  it,  when  possible.  That  practice  of  dinner-table  oratory, 
which  has  of  late  become  so  distressingly  common  —  the  evil  genius 
of  all  public  convinalities,  and  the  opprobrium  and  horror  of  whatso- 
ever private  symposium  it  invades  —  was,  fortunately  for  Mr.  Wirt, 
not  so  unhappily  rife  in  his  day ;  but  still,  it  occurred  often  enough 
to  his  experience  to  bring  him  occasionally  into  that  state  of  comical 
perturbation,  which  CA'en  the  discipline  of  our  times  has  not  altogether 
conquered  in  the  best  speakers.  He  invariably  escaped  it,  when 
"cornered,"  by  the  slightest  possible  display  in  the  fewest  words.  A 
man  has  the  worst  theme  in  the  world,  when  his  subject  is  himself; 
and  the  humour  which  is  extorted  from  one,  doomed  to  confront  a 
company  who  expect  to  be  amused  by  a  witty  speech,  is  apt  to  be  of 
a  very  disconsolate  and  even  desperate  kind.  Scarron,  on  such  occa- 
sions, would,  doubtless,  make  a  better  show  than  Demosthenes. 

Mr.  Wirt's  preparations  for  a  speech,  as  several  briefs  I  have  seen 
attest,  were  very  minute  in  all  points  of  argument,  and  frequently  in 
the  phrase  of  some  striking  passage ;  though,  in  general,  the  texture 
of  his  language  was  unstudied.  I  believe  he  never  wrote  a  speech 
before  the  delivery  of  it  —  though  he  has,  on  more  than  one  occasion, 
done  this  afterwards ;  and  it  has  always  been  remarked  that  many  of 
the  most  felicitous  turns  and  expressions  of  thought  have  been  lost  in 
the  subsequent  attempt  to  recall  the  speech. 

Without  claiming  for  Mr.  Wirt  the  renown  of  the  most  powerful 
orator  or  the  profoundest  lawyer  in  the  country,  it  is  sufficient  praise 
to  say,  that  he  stood  beside  the  first  men  of  his  day,  equal  in  rank 

Vol.  II.— 33  z 


386 


HIS  RELIGIOUS  TEMPER. 


and  repute,  and  superior  to  most,  if  not  all,  in  the  various  accomplish- 
ments which  he  brought  to  the  adornment  of  his  profession. 

Of  the  religious  cast  of  his  mind  there  are  many  demonstrations 
throughout  these  pages.     His  sincere  and  devout  humility  are  appa- 
rent in  every  line  he  has  written.     I  have  had  occasion  to  remark 
that,  even  in  the  most  thoughtless  days  of  his  youth,  it  was  not  diffi- 
cult to  detect  the  hues  of  a  religious  temper,  which,  to  a  certain  extent, 
imparted  their  colouring  to  his  mind  and  imagination.    Even  his  boy- 
ish impressibility  to  superstitious  influence,  which  we  have  noticed 
in  his  childhood,  was  the  offspring  of  that  reverence  which  ripened 
into  religion.     We  have  an  early  reminiscence  in  a  letter  to  Mr.  Pope, 
which  relates  a  fact  strongly  illustrative  of  this  feature  of  his  mind. 
"  I  have  a  great  partiality,"  he  says,  "  for  the  Baptists.     My  first 
favourite  preacher  in  early  life  was  a  Baptist.     His  name  was  Jerry 
Moore :  and  a  powerful  man  he  was.     Not  refined,  but  rough  and 
strong,  of  copious  and  even  impetuous  volubility,  keen,  acute,  witty, 
full  of  original  observation,  and,  as  a  reasoner,  I  have  seldom  heard 
him  surpassed.     He  was  a  most  interesting  preacher.     He  lived  in 
Loudon  County,  Virginia,  and  used  to  come  to  the  Seneca  church,  or 
rather  meeting-house,  in  INIaryland,  to   preach.      It  was  a  Baptist 
neighbourhood,  and  I  lived  in  it  for  eighteen  months,  and  became 
very  much  attached  to  the  people.     Towards  the  close  of  that  time 
we  had  a  most  learned  man  established  as  the  regular  preacher,  at  the 
same  place.     His  name  was  Thomas,  a  Doctor  of  Divinity.     He  was 
a  strange  old  gentleman,  as  solitary  in  his  habits  as  a  ghost.    He  took 
no  part  in  the  management  of  his  domestic  affairs,  but  left  all  worldly 
business  to  his  wife,  and  devoted  himself  exclusively  to  his  books  and 
his  pulpit.     He  was  so  very  near-sighted  as  to  be  almost  blind ;  a 
very  ungainly,  little  old  man  with  a  cracked  voice,  and  odd  and  awk- 
ward in  his  delivery.     Yet  that  man  was  very  near  running  me  mad. 
I  was  only  sixteen  or  seventeen  years  old,  extremely  susceptible  and 
tender-hearted,  and  he  made  such  dead-sets  at  me,  that  I  was  within 
an  ace  of  insanity.     If  my  physician  had  not  advised  mo  to  seek  a 
southern  climate  (for  I  had  some  consumptive  symptoms),  I  should 
either  have  died  in  a  lunatic  asylum  or  become  a  Baptist  preacher. 
I  went  to  Georgia,  passed  one  winter,  and  returned  cured  of  my 
consumption  and  religious  enthusiasm." 


Chap.  XXI.]  THEOLOGICAL  STUDIES.  88T 

As  life  advanced,  his  convictions  of  the  truth  and  value  of  Christian 
revelation,  and  of  the  duties  it  imposed  upon  him,  became  more  earnest 
and  profound.  He  devoted  a  portion  of  his  time,  every  day,  to  tho 
reading  of  the  scriptures ;  engaged  in  a  comprehensive  study  of  theo- 
logy; cultivated  habits  of  prayer  and  meditation,  which  he  promoted 
and  encouraged  throughout  his  family ;  and  frequently  employed  his 
leisure  in  the  composition  of  religious  essays  and  records  of  private 
devotion.  He  took  great  interest  in  the  promotion  of  moral  and  reli- 
gious institutions,  in  the  Missionary  labours  of  the  churches,  iu  the 
extension  of  the  Sunday  schools,  in  the  success  of  the  Bible  Societies, 
— and  was,  at  the  time  of  his  death,  the  President  of  the  State  Bible 
Society  of  Maryland.  He  was  a  most  eflFective  friend  of  the  cause  of 
temperance,  and  often  sought  opportunity  to  testify  to  the  great  im- 
portance which  he  attached  to  the  labours  of  the  societies  connectetl 
with  it.  "  I  have  been  for  more  than  forty  years" — he  remarks,  iu 
a  letter  which  has  been  frequently  published  —  "a  close  observer  of 
life  and  manners  in  various  parts  of  the  United  States,  and  I  know 
not  the  evil  that  will  bear  a  moment's  comparison  with  intemperance." 
In  short,  the  latter  years,  especially,  of  Mr.  Wirt's  life  furnish  us  the 
spectacle  of  a  highly  gifted,  thoughtful  and  accomplished  mind  stimu- 
lated by  a  fervent  and  sincere  piety,  and  employed  iu  the  promotion 
of  every  good  work  suggested  by  enlightened  benevolence  or  Christian 
duty.  His  theological  studies  were  systematically  pursued  through 
many  years,  in  whatever  leisure  his  profession  allowed  him.  His  fa- 
vom-ite  authors  were  Hooker,  Baxter,  Watts,  Faber,  Flavel,  Robert 
Hall,  Doddridge  and  Jay.  Massillon  and  Bourdaloue  were  frequently 
in  his  hands.  Of  Baxter,  he  says,  in  a  letter  to  his  daughter  —  "I 
took  up  the  'Saint's  Rest'  lately,  and  found  it  lil^e  an  old  sandal- 
wood box,  as  fresh  and  fragrant  as  if  it  had  just  been  made,  although 
it  has  been  exhaling  its  odour  for  a  hundred  and  eighty  years." 

He  had  been  a  careless  witness,  in  his  younger  day,  to  that  preva- 
lence of  free-thinking,  in  reference  to  the  authenticity  of  the  Christian 
religion,  which,  at  that  period,  had  become  somewhat  notable  in  Vir- 
ginia. The  reflections  of  his  riper  age  pictured  this  tendency  of  opin- 
ion, to  his  mind,  as  an  insidious  and  fearful  malady,  which  was  not 
less  destructive  of  the  integrity  of  the  social  constitution,  than  it  was 
perilous  to  the  individual.    He  had  himself  read  VoltairCj  Bolingbrokc, 


388 


ANTI-SECTARIAN  OPINIONS. 


Hume,  Gibbon,  Shaftesbury,  Rousseau,  Paine,  and  Godwin,  and  other 
strong  or  striking  writers  of  that  school ;  but  thej  had  not  shaken  the 
ground-work  of  his  faith.  He  could  read  and  admire,  discriminate  and 
repel.  He  was,  nevertheless,  fully  aware  of  the  fascination  which 
their  learning,  genius,  wit  and  eloquence  gave  to  their  intrepid  scepti- 
cism. He  had  often  occasion  to  remark  how  brilliant  paradox  and 
bold  assault  upon  common  opinion,  witty  apophthegm  and  dexterous 
satire  captivate  even  vigorous  minds,  predisposed  by  education  or  by 
temper  to  assail  whatsoever  rests  upon  the  authority  of  the  past ;  and 
his  personal  experience  had  warned  him  how  much  more  subtly  these 
devices  were  calculated  to  ensnare  and  capture  the  unfortified  mind 
of  youth.  This  conviction  ripened  into  a  painful  solicitude  of  which 
wc  have  many  proofs  in  his  correspondence.  His  admonitions  to  his 
children  and  to  his  younger  friends  are  often  pointed  against  this 
danger.  I  find  his  letters  urging  them  to  the  careful  perusal  of 
Home's  Introduction  to  the  Critical  Study  of  the  Scriptures,  Bishop 
Watson's  Apology  for  the  Bible,  in  answer  to  the  Age  of  Reason, 
Butler's  Analogy,  Paley's  Evidences  of  the  Christian  Religion,  Addi- 
son's Tract  on  the  same  subject,— Faber's  Difficulties  of  Infidelity, 
and  other  works  of  this  class.  To  Home's  Introduction,  particularly, 
he  was  accustomed  to  express  his  obligations  for  the  conviction  of  his 
own  mind, — and  he  never  lost  an  opportunity  of  commending  it  to  a 
friend. 

We  have  a  contribution  from  his  own  pen  in  aid  of  this  cause,  in 
an  essay  written  by  him,  as  a  preface  to  Rennell's  "Remarks  on 
Scepticism,"  of  which  an  American  edition  was  proposed  to  be  given 
by  a  publisher  in  Baltimore.  This  work  was  composed  with  a  view 
to  controvert  the  theory  of  Organization  and  Life,  of  Bichat,  Morgan 
and  others,  and  contains  a  powerful  summary  of  the  argument  against 
materialism.  Mr.  Wirt's  preface  presents  a  well-digested  and  elaborate 
exposition  of  the  question,  and  a  just  commendation  of  the  work  it 
was  intended  to  precede.  It  was  written  by  him  a  short  time  before 
his  death ;  and  as  the  purpose  of  re-publication  seems  to  have  been 
abandoned,  the  preface  has  never  got  into  print. 

Notwithstanding  his  devotion  to  theological  study,  he  seems  to  have 
attached  but  little  importance  to  the  shades  of  doctrine  which  dis- 
tinguish the  various  sects   of  the    Christian   Church.     He  judged 


Chap.  XXL] 


SENTIMENT  OF  DUTY. 


389 


religion  by  its  duties  more  than  its  dogmas,  and  was  the  most  tolerant 
of  men  in  matters  of  conscience.  He  says  somewhat  playfully, — in 
re]ily  to  the  question  of  a  friend — "  I  don't  know  about  joining  the 
Episcopalian  church.  I  don't  like  to  give  up  the  Presbyterian,  which 
was  the  church  of  my  fathers.  For  I  was  born  a  Presbyterian,  I  was 
baptized  a  Presbyterian,  I  was  inoculated  a  Presbyterian,  I  was  edu- 
cated a  Presbyterian — old  Parson  Hunt  having  performed  the  last 
three  processes  for  me — I  married  a  Presbyterian,  the  marriage  cere- 
mony was  performed  by  a  Presbyterian,  all  my  children  were  born 
Presbyterians  by  right  both  of  father  and  mother,  and  they  have  all 
been  baptized  Presbyterians  by  the  same  minister  who  married  their 
parents.  Now,  it  is  not  an  easy  matter  for  me  to  break  all  these  liga- 
ments. However, — if  my  wife  says  the  word — so  be  it.  I  can 
worship  God  as  sincerely  and  devoutly  under  one  roof  as  another,  and 
have  felt  as  much  devotion  in  a  Roman  Catholic  Cathedral  as  in  any 
other  temple  of  worship." 

This  is  the  declaration  of  a  man  of  unquestionable  sincerity,  who 
had  read  much  and  thought  more  on  the  momentous  subject  of 
Christian  faith  and  hope.  It  was  uttered  at  that  period  of  life  when 
man,  in  the  review  of  a  lengthened  past,  finds  his  judgment  purified 
and  made  more  just,  by  the  honest  admonition  of  a  short  future.  It 
was  uttered,  too,  by  a  man,  earnest,  devout,  zealous  in  all  that  concerned 
his  spiritual  welfare.  We  discern  in  such  a  declaration,  an  index  to 
the  author's  indifference  to  those  points  of  contention  which  have  so 
often  distracted  Christendom  and  curdled  the  milk  of  Christian 
brotherhood, — making  implacable  enemies  of  those  whom  charity 
should  have  bound  in  indissoluble  friend.ship. 

Mr.  "Wirt's  estimate  of  religion  was  directed  rather  to  what  it  taught 
men  to  do,  in  contradistinction  to  what,  in  the  region  of  theology,  it 
taught  them  to  think  :  he  was  therefore  much  less  devoted  to  sect  than 
he  was  to  that  higher  essence  of  Christianity  which  is  common — or  pro- 
fesses to  be  so — to  all  sects.  Duty  had  an  exalted  significance  in  his 
esteem.  It  was  the  summary  of  his  morals,  the  constant  incitement 
to  his  labours,  and  the  practical  demonstration  of  his  piety.  It  ren- 
dered him  humble  before  his  God,  faitliful  to  his  country,  true  to  his 
fellow-man,  scrupulous  in  judgment  of  himself. 

Constructing  his  religious  opinions  upon  this  basis,  his  mind  rejected 


S90 


SENTIMENT  OF  DUTY. 


a  religious  sensualism  in  all  its  forms.  He  sought  in  religion  a  grati- 
fication of  the  understanding  and  not  of  the  senses.  He  cultivated 
a  simple  worship,  which  did  not  depend  upon  the  stimulus  of  the 
imagination  for  its  earnestness  or  its  perseverance.  "  I  do  not  think" 
■ — he  says  in  his  correspondence — "that  enthusiasm  constitutes  religion, 
or  that  Heaven  is  pleased  with  the  smoke  of  the  passions,  any  more 
than  with  the  smoke  of  rams  or  bulls.  There  is  a  calm,  steady,  en- 
lightened religion  of  the  rational  soul,  as  firm  as  it  is  temperate,  which 
I  believe  is  the  religion  of  Heaven.  Its  raptures  are  those  of  the 
mind,  not  of  the  passions;  its  ecstasies  are  akin  to  those  of  David." 


I  have  thus  presented  the  character  of  IMr.  Wirt  in  every  relation 
which  I  suppose  would  interest  the  inquiries  of  my  reader.  In  the 
course  of  these  Memoirs  much  has  been  developed,  in  regard  to  that 
character,  upon  which  I  have  not  thought  it  necessary  to  make  a 
comment.  His  affection  towards  his  family,  his  attachment  to  his 
friends,  his  charity  and  benevolence  towards  mankind,  his  courage, 
his  self-respect,  and  his  integrity  are  sufficiently  illustrated  in  the 
general  tenor  and  frequent  incident  of  this  narrative.  Truthfulness, 
— that  surest  index  of  a  noble  nature — stood  in  the  front  of  his  virtues. 
I  have  read  a  great  mass  of  Mr.  Wirt's  letters — several  hundreds — ■ 
collected  from  all  quarters,  and  belonging  to  every  period  of  his  life. 
They  have  reached  me  by  contributions  from  those  to  whom  they  were 
written, — not  from  copies  preserved  by  the  writer,  which  might  lay 
them  open  to  the  suspicion  of  assortment.  I  have  not  found,  in  one, 
the  assertion  of  a  fact  or  the  avowal  of  a  motive  of  conduct,  which 
any  other  letter  in  the  collection  proves  to  be  insincerely  uttered;  not 
an  instance,  even,  of  what  might  be  thought  pardonable  duplicity. 
Few  writers  of  letters,  much  less  industrious  with  the  pen  than  he 
was,  would  be  willing  to  submit  a  promiscuous  and  unguarded  cor- 
respondence to  such  a  test.  Truth  to  the  world  and  truth  to  his  own 
heart  was  the  lamp  which  lighted  his  footsteps  through  the  pilgrimage 
which  it  has  been  my  task  to  describe. 


Chap.  XXI.] 


CONCLUSION. 


391 


This  biography  is  now  finished.  Its  aim  is  to  give  a  full  and  faith- 
ful narrative  of  the  life  of  a  man  who  gained  a  national  fame  whilst 
he  lived,  and  who  is  entitled  to  be  remembered  now  that  he  is  dead. 

The  narrative  has  been  made  up  from  memoranda  supplied  by  his 
own  letters,  from  contributions  of  friends,  and  from  the  writer's  own 
personal  acquaintance  with  the  subject  of  his  i\Iemoir.  I  have  to 
apprehend  the  judgment  of  some  readers  who  may  think  that  I  have 
magnified  incidents  of  a  trivial  character  into  undue  importance ',  of 
others,  who  may  believe  that  I  have  exposed  too  much  of  the  private 
opinion  of  him  whose  history  I  have  written ;  of  others,  again,  who 
may  impute  to  me  a  too  sedulous  desire  to  praise  and  exalt  the  cha- 
racter which  I  profess  to  represent  with  impartial  truth. 

My  answer  is — I  undertook  to  write  the  life  of  William  Wirt,  be- 
cause I  believed  it  worthy  to  be  written,  or  —  what  is  equivalent  — 
worthy  to  be  held  up  to  imitation :  that,  in  the  illustration  of  charac- 
ter, incidents  which  may  be  deemed  trivial  in  themselves,  often  become 
useful  exponents  of  human  quality,  when  presented  in  their  proper 
place  in  a  general  picture :  that,  in  what  I  have  published,  I  have 
violated  no  confidence  which  has  not  either  been  cancelled  by  time, 
or  submitted  to  my  discretion  by  those  whose  consent  was  alone  to  be 
asked.  Finally,  that  whilst  I  have  not  failed,  upon  occasion,  to  notice 
the  deficiencies  which  are  entitled  to  be  considered  in  forming  a  true 
estimate  of  my  subject,  I  admit  that  I  have  dealt  far  more  prodigally, 
and,  I  may  add,  gratefully,  in  praise.  I  hold  it  to  be  the  biographer's 
duty  to  turn  the  virtues  of  an  illustrious  man  to  the  best  account,  by 
giving  them  a  prominence  which  shall  conciliate  all  regard.  The 
faults  of  a  good  man  are  but  transient  blemishes,  which  quickly  fade 
from  view.  His  virtues  are  unchangeable,  ever  present  and  imperish- 
able. He  who  has  to  speak  of  both  should  observe  the  proportion 
indicated  by  this  truth. 


THE     END. 


Oia-i^ 


M 


